VOLUME IAXXV-NO. 160.
FINDLAY
CAPTURED
IN PERU
Search for the San Luis
Obispo Defaulter Is
Successful.
LONG PURSUIT ENDS
Part of the Money Stolen by the
Tax Collector Found on Deposit
at Lima.
•
LIMA, Peru. May B.— Samuel M.
Findlay. the absconding Tax Collec
tor of San Luis Obispo. Cal.. was ar
rested here to-day on the application
of John C. Frazer. a San Francisco
detective. The latter traced Findlay
to Barranco, one of the suburbs of
Lima, where he has been living.
Findlay has on deposit in one of the
local banks 57200 (in gold) and 294
Peruvian soles.
- OBISPO, May B.— The
• sc-Tax Collector S. M.
ributed to his love of
to lead a fast life.
■ -his city about the 20th
itenslbly to go on
inty to collect
After . en absent about
ithing was ln-ard of him,
■ md it was dis
• had visited none of the
I in his itinerary. Fur-
Investigation developed the fact
that the Tax had ridden to
on the day he left San
t the town hav
o on the same train and con
y, ith him.
is to Findlay's departure he
purchased I re a couple
.-. <;iyin.tr that he wanted one
iry a change of i-lnthing in and
■ for his collection books. It
was found That He made extensive pur
a ■ >f underclothing,
! other clothing: sufficient to
1 tor a lons sea trip such as
he inT' •
When Findlay's departure took on
•ranee of flight an expert was
his books. Harry
Max' resenting the Fidelity ami
Trup- y, whit h has supplied
the missing official, dis
r' r er a brief research that the
'"ollector was short at least $11,
--•nting sums which his books
•d he ha ■ : I but had not
1 in to th- County Treasurer.
Aard it was found that he hal
■ trips through the county, pre
sumably for the purpose of collecting
but ii to collect b
and that he had appropriated all of the
■ ■ - It was Impossib
•ual amount of the
ixned to make !
Tax < '"lh'ctoi had
■
The San Luis Obispo County Super
visors met and declared the office of
Tax Collector vacant, leaving in charge
two young ladies, who had been depu
ties under Findlay. It was necessary
to break open the safe in the office, and
it was found to contain less than $500,
when, according to the books, there
should have been on hand at least $11,-
It . that Find la >
k.< in ad
ims in
taxes, and. :•< disarm had
and then small sums to
• !6unty Treasurer.
When it was learned that the fugi
tive I San F
• upon his trail in that
For some tim^ they were i;:
headway, it was their
: ;■ that Findlay had taken a ship
■ • some foreign port,
•hat the Investigation was con
ducted mainly along the line of this
Finally the detectives got a
which led them to believe that the
Ing man had taken passage for
th American point. This was
••d up energetically, the result be
ing thr capture of Findlay after a pur
suit that : tive Frazer to Lima.
On December 1 a warrant was sworn
out before Justice nt the Peace Lamy
Knapp, charg
ing Findlay with felony embezzlement
When be is extradited he will be
brought back to San Luis Obispo to
stand trial on this charge.
Findlay had a love for gambling. A
few weeks before the election last fall
he was very free with coin in betting.
He wagered most of his money on
Charles A. Barlow, fusion candidate for
Congress in the Sixth District. Barlow
being defeated, he ftt course lost. He
also was lavish in spending money for
candidates who were his friends, and
the supposition is that he was short
several thousand dollars before he con
ceived the lea of Seeing from the
county.
MAY LIVE WITH ONE
JUGULAR VEIN GONE
NEW YORK M.i'. v- Should William
Jenni- ■ rs old of i i
recover from ai operation performed on
him at the New fork Eye and Ear In
firmary he will ■ distinction of
to live with
.-• ir vein removed. He was taken
. hospital Buttering from necrosis of
■ . behind the left ear. Three li
bon was removed from
. -.ill and an abscess In the brain wan
.-. The removal of the left jugular
■a.-:.- made necessary by th<- discov.
cry of three clots of blood, which, unless
removed, would reauli In death. Dr.
■ ■ j . performed th<- operation.
Previous to being -placed under anes
thetics the situation v. as explained to
was told the
chances of Bavins his llf< were very slim.
In addition to Dr. Bacon, then- were
twelve other physicians in attendance.
The jugular vein was Bevered just
the collar bone and then out from near
the uppei part of the heaa and the ends
A portion of the vein several inches
long was taken out. Physicians have
strong hopes of his recovery.
The San Francisco Call.
HIS DUTY DONE, MILES IS
SILENT.
Will Take No Further Steps in the Beef
Matter, and Has Nothing to Say
of the Court's Findings,
WASHINGTON, May B.— "The
■dent is commander in
chief "f the army and my
superior. He has approved'
th.- findings of th<- Wade
Court of Inquiry. Therefore I have no
comment to make. It would be an un
soldierly act were I to say anything."
With these words Genera] Miles re
plied to a Star reporter who saw him
!'..r a ni'-mf-nt to-day with regard to
;h.- probable action he would take in
TRADE WAR
WITH GERMANY
IS IMMINENT
Dispatch to Tl
NF.W FORK, May B.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Commercial warfare between Germany
and th.- United States is made Immi
nent by the action of the German
Reichstag in reporting a bill unfavor
able to the importation of American
meats into the empire.
The executive ''ran'!.'- of thn two
Governments are both anxious to avoid
any clash over the matter. The Ger
man Emperor and President McKinlev
are working by diplomatic means to
bring about better commercial relations
between the two countries, but the dan
ger is that the Emperor cannot re
strain the Reichstag, which seems to
be under the control of Agrarians, and
if the meat bill, as reported from the
committee, is enacted into a law tht-n
--is danger that when Congress meets
next December retaliatory legislation
will be proposed.
It will b,e recalled that when trouble
with Germany over the San Jose scale
occurred bills were introduced in Con
providing for retaliatory legisla
tion, and among leading members of
the House Committee on Ways and
M- an? there was serious talk of a dif
ferential tariff in favor of nations
which did not discriminate against the
l'nit»-d States.
The immediate effect of reporting the
bill will J>t- to stop pending negotiations
for a reciprocity treaty between the
United Staii-s and Germany, as one of
the essentials to such an agreement is
the consent of the Qerman Government
:nit American products on reason
able terms.
Considerable progress had been made
toward the conclusion <if reciprocity ar
ninp'mentf. and it had been hoped that
Embassador White would be able to
convince the German Government of
the desirability of making terms in re
gard to the importation of meals that
would be satisfactory to the United
States. He met with flattering suc
cess while dealing with th<- German
Foreign Office, and it was believed that
the Emperor's advisers would do all in |
their power to restrain the Reichstag
from radical action. In the event of
their success there will doubtless be a
resumption or reciprocity negotiations.
RESULT OF THE BEEF INQUIRY.
view of the adverse report of the court.
■"Wili y. m formulate a protest to the
President?" was the next question.
'I hay.> nothing to say; no. sir," re
■ ral.
"Will you inspire a Congressional in
vestigation 7"
"No, sir. 1 will not talk upon the
subject.* 1
"Do yon believe Congress \'-'ill rectify
the matter?"
"I do not know what Congress will
CHRISTIAN
SCIENTISTS
ARRESTED
Diepatcb to The Call.
NEW YORK, May B.— Coroner Ban
ning and a jury this afternoon and
evening held an inquest at Mount Ver
non into the death of Mrs. Charlotte WE.
Barguet, who died on Wednesday last
of dropsy, and whose life, it was
claimed, might have been Bayed if she
had been given medical attendance.
The authorities claim she was treated
by <"hristian Science methods and that
the neglect resulted in death.
The jury handed in a verdict to the
effect that Mrs. Barguet died from
acute dropsy, which could have been
relieved if not entirely cured and life
prolonged had proper medical treat
ment been given. The jurors held that
Mrs. Clarence Fowler, the Christian
Scientist who treated the woman, Lis
ton B. Barguet Jr., her son, and Miss
Ethel Karguet. her daughter, were
aruilty of negligence, and recommended
that the Coroner take the proper steps
to punish them.
Coroner Banning accepted the verdict
and immediately announced that he
was sitting as a committing magistrate
and directed the constables present to
arrest and bring before him the persons
held responsible by the jury. The Coro
ner then announced that he would hold
Liston Barguet Jr. and Mrs. Fowler to
await the action of the Grand Jury,
under $1000 bail each or they would
stand committed to the County Jail at
White Plains. In the case of Ethel
Barguet he would hold her as an ac
cessory. The two held as principals
furnished the required bond and Coro
ner Banning paroled Ethel Barguet,
who is a school teacher in New York.
Wilmington Incident Closed.
Special fable to The Call and the New York
HeraM. Copyrighted, ISM, by James Gor
don Bennett.
RIO DE JANEIRO. May $.— The Wilm
ington incident is now definitely settled.
The American Minister has declared him
self satisfied with the explanation given
by the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1899.
do, nor have 1 any means of knowing
in advance what verdict the result of
an investigation might develop. I haw
no comment, criticism or statement to
make in this matter, and you may take
it as certain that any alleged interviews
or intimations to the contrary said to
come from me are wholly and unquali
fiedly false.
"I was and am now actuated solely
by the consideration at health, lives
and Integrity of the army. My duty
is done."
FAVOR DIRECT
POPULAR VOTE
FOR SENATORS
Special Dispatch to The < "rill.
NEW York, May B.— A Richmond
<Ya> special t" the Herald says: As
a result of the <nll Issued by fifty lead
ing Democrats of the State a conven
tion <>f representatives of that party
will be held here Wednesday for the
purpose of adopting such measures as
may be deemed best to promote the
election of Senators of the United
States by direct vote of the people, and
until that result is accomplished the se
lection of party Senatorial candidates
by some popular method.
The movement which led to the call
ing of this convention is the direct out
come of the defeat of Fitzhugh Lee for
United States Senator in 1894 by
Thomas 8. Martin. General Lee was the
popular choice and had the represen
tatives in the Legislature voted as in
structed by the local conventions he
would have been chosen Senator. The
election of Martin, a railroad attorney
not known to the State at large, caused
general dissatisfaction. It was chareed
then, and i* believed by many now.
that railroad influence and use of
money defeated the popular will.
Since that time there has been a
growing sentiment in favor of electing
United States Senators by popular vote.
At the State Democratic Convention in
August a resolution was introduced
providing f"r the nomination of United
States Senators by primaries. Senator
Daniel opposed this with all his mieht
in the interest of his colleague. Coun
ty delegates were almost unanimous in
favor of the move, but Senator Daniel
was a popular idol.
A resolution had just been passed de
claring that the convention would n.-t
support any man who did not favor the
re-election of Daniel to the Senate, and.
on the plea that the people should have
time to talk the matter over, the reso
lution was defeated, bat the question
would not 'down, and the coming con
vention will represent the long pent ud
sentiment of the people.
RAILROADS TO
ENTER A MOST
GIGANTIC TRUST
Scheme of the Allied Forces
of the Vanderbilts and
J. Pierpcnt Morgan,
STOP RATE CUTTING
Plan to Form a Combination of
Traffic ob All Lines Between
Boston and Chicago-
The Vandarbilt family, already the
largest holders of railways in the
United States, allied with J. Pierpont
Morgan, reorganizer of disorganized
and overcapitalized railways, have
taken the first step looking toward the
promotion of what is, in effect and
in despite of the Interstate Com
merce law, a railway trust.
Special Disjiat.-h to The Call.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 7.— The
Leader will say to-morrmv: Ac
cording to a high official of the
Vanderbilt lines in this city the
details of a big railroad trust,
which is to include all the lines between
Boston and Chicago, are now being,
worked out and the consolidation may ;
be completed within th~ next few
weeks. The recent purchase of short
lines in New York, Pennsylvania. Ohio,
Indiana and Illinois was in line with
th<- plans for the consolidation which
has been in contemplation. It is not
the purpose to have all the lines under,
one management exactly, but t<> appor- '
tion them among me Pennsylvania
company, thi- Vanderbilt interests and',
the Baltimore and Ohio Company when
it shall have been reorganized, giving
to each system the lines that it can
use t< the best advantage.
The JJrst inkling the scope of the
plan came,. when the "unierbilts an
nounced the other day that they con
trolled all the roads in New England
with the exception of the Boston and
Albany, with which they have now a
traffic agreement and which they ex
pect to take in soon. The Vanderbilts
now control all the trunk lines between
Buffalo and New York with the excep
tion of the Erie, the Lackawanna and
the Lehigh Valley. The Erie, it is
said, will come under the control of
the Vanderbilts through ; the influence
of the Morgans, while the Lehigh Val
ley may go to the Baltimore and Ohio.
The Lackawanna is now operated in
connection with the Nickel Plate, a
Vanderbilt line.
West of Buffalo the Vanderhiits have
the Lake Shore, the Nickel Plate, the
f'itisburg and Lake Erie, the Big Four, ;
the Michigan Central, which, with the ;
Flint and Pere Marquette. that is soon
to be absorbed, will give a line in
Michigan. The Big Four west is to be
operated in connection with the Monon,
recently purchased by the Morgans, and
the Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton is!
expected to be absorbed' soon. The Lake
Erie and Western, acquired by the Mor
gans, is expected to give the Vander
bilts a line from Sandusky to Peoria,
111. These roads, with the Hocking Val
ley, the Ohio Central, the Columbus,
Sandusky and Hocking, and the De
troit, Lima and Northern, will about
complete the Vanderbilt system.
The Pennsylvania, which has an im
mense system already under its con
trol, is expected to acquire the Cleve
land, Akron and Columbus, with which
it ha.^ a traffic arrangement at pres
ent, the Wiit »-ling and Lake Erie, the
Cleveland. Canton and Southern and
the Ohio Southern, as well as sonn
minor lines.
To the Baltimore and Ohio Is allot
ted the Lehigh Valley, the Cherry
Creek road, which with the Philadel
phia and Reading would form a
through line from Pittsburg to NV\\
York, the Baltimore and Ohio South
western, giving a line to Cincinnati
and St. Louis: the PMttsburg and West
ern, the Cleveland Terminal and Val
ley and the Northern Ohio, opening
short lines through from Pittsburg
and Cleveland to Chicago, as well as
the Cleveland, Lorraine and Wheeling.
These are the outlines only of the plan
which is now being worked opt, but
those who have been watching the
changes in the railroad world do not
doubt that it will be carried through
successfully.
The purpose of the consolidation is
said to be to prevent rate cutting and
to accomplish practically what the
Joint Traffic Association was or
ganized to do.
APPROVAL OF PLAN
TO FIGHT THE TRUSTS
AUSTIN', Texas. May B.— Members of
the Texas Legislature who have in
augurated a movement looking to th>
holding of a convention here of the
Governors and Attorney Generals of
all the Southern and Western States
at an early date, fur the purpose of
formulating some concerted plan of
action against the operations of trusts
in their respective States, have com
municated with a number of Governors
on the subject and the idea seems to
meet with general favor. Governor
Sayers received the following telegram
to-day from Governor Lon V. Stephens
of Missouri:
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., May 8.
Hon. Joe Sayers, Governor of Texas,
T indorse your idea of a conference of
Governors and Attorney Generals of the
Southern and Western States relative to
the enforcement of th*> anti-trust laws
by sovereign States. Concerted nc-tion
Will nK.in success. I will lie glad to co
operate with you in the m,.vii>- v w- i,.
1 may not be able to attend the r-onfer
< hi •< . "our Attorney General wnl be on
hand to represent us.
LON V. STEPHENS,
ciuvernor of Missouri.
GUNBOATS
DRIVE ENEMY
OUT OF TOWNS
CAPTAIN GRANT of the Utah Artillery.
Captain Grant's Expedition
Successful at Sesmoan
and Guagua.
pecial Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
MA XI LA. May 8. — Captain Grant, with the army gunboats
Laguna de Bai and Covedonga. started yesterday from
Manila to find a means of communication by water with
San Fernando. He found the mouth of a river due south of Ses
rrioari and reached that town through insurgent obstruction at
noon and there found deep water.
From some strong trenches for half a mile along the shore
the insurgents poured a sharp fire on the ironclads. They re
plied with all their guns, driving out the enemy. The gun
boats then steamed up the stream to Guagua, reaching there
at I o'clock. The insurgent. Governor came down to meet the
Americans, declaring he did not desire war. The insurgents,
when leaving the town, set it afire, but the flames were put out
by the Americans.
The river is thought to be navigable for launches clear to
San Fernando, where a new base of supplies can be established,
with water communication with Manila.
The Filipinos surprised the United States forces at San
Fernando with a daring trick yesterday. A railway train with
an engine at each end was run almost to the American out
posts and in plain sight of the town. Before they could be
reached a gang of natives sprang off the train, tore up several
lengths of the railway track, boarded the train again and
steamed away so quickly that there was no opportunity to cap
ture the raiders.
The Nebraska Regiment is asking for a temporary relief
from duty. Only men of this regiment are left at the front.
NEW YORK, May S.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent
sends the following: While the
insurgents have so far been
successful in eluding the American
columns, another effort has been in
augurated in this direction by Generals
Mac Arthur and Lawton. which will re
sult th- authorities hope, in the cap*
ture or destruction of a strong wing of
the insurgent army.
To this end a military movement is
now in progress which contemplates
the surrounding of a large section of
the enemy believed to be encamped to
the westward of San Fernando. The
expurgations made in General Otis'
cablegram to-day are understood to re
fer to the movement now under way.
It is stated in well-informed official
circles that the insurgents who are the
objective of the present campaign are
to the northward of Bacolor, and it will
be the effort of General Mac Arthur to
go to the north of them and drive them
to Manila Bay, while General Lawton,
with his column, will take a position to
reinforce General Mac Arthur on the
east, and at the same time take meas
ures to protect his communications and
keep General Luna with his insurgent
troops in check.
"I am hopeful that the movement
will be successful," said an official with
whom I talked this afternoon, "and
that a large number of Insurgents will
be (antiireci. Every native taken is
surprised at the lenient and considerate
treatment extended to him and be
comes a missionary invaluable to the
campaign of force and diplomacy which
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GREAT WELCOME
AWAITS DEWEY
NEW YORK, May S.— A com
mittee of the Municipal Assem
bly will be appointed td-morrow
to take steps toward arranging
a magnificent welcome to Admi
ral Dewey on the part of the
city. It has been suggested that
this celebration should be na
tional in character and that
other important cities should be
invited to join with the metropo
lis in extending a welcome to the
hero of Manila Bay well worthy
of his deeds. It is probable that
the suggestion will take definite
shape within forty-eight hours.
this Government is carrying on. You
may safely put it down that there will
be no extensive fighting for several
days, if the American troops are to be
the judge of when to commence. The
division of the Filipino army is natu
rally helpful to the American cause, <as
it will enable General Mac-Arthur and
General Lawtnn to crush one section
with less risk and then give attention
to the other."
So far as Aguinaldo and his imme
diate subordinates are concerned the
authorities believe the war is about
ended, but there is danger of lesser
lights in the Filipino army taking com
mand of bodies of Filipinos and coa2
REAR ADMIRAL WATSON
ORDERED TO JOIN DEWEY
WASHINGTON, May 8. Rear Admiral Watson will relinouish com
mand of the Mare Island Navy Yard immediately, and will sail
frcin San Francisco for Manila on May ic.
Secretary Long said to-night that Roar Admiral Watson would
not succeed Admiral Dewev as a member of the Philippine Com
mission.
"The admiral will remain in Manila until the commission's work is com
pleted," he continued. "He is too Important a member to be immediately re
il#ved. It la of .-ours.- impossible to state when the commission will close up
its work, that being dependent upon the time when the insurrection will be
brought to an end, but when the admiral determines to return he will turn
immand to Rear Admiral Watson, who has been directed to re
port to him."
The orders to Rear Admiral Watson are due to intimations received from
the admiral of his desire to return to the United States and of the renuest of
the former officer to be assigned to duty as the next commander in chief of
the Asiatic station.
Rear Admiral Kempf, at present on waiting orders, has been ordered to
succeed Rear Admiral Watson in command <'f the Mare Island Navy Yard.
tinuing the war. It will be necessary to
continue the campaign against I
bodies, but with their organization
gone it will not be long before th
bellion is closed.
RIVAL FILIPINOS READY
TO FIGHT EACH OTHER
NEW YORK, May 9.— A special to the
Journal from Manila says: only ttie
ities of Aguinaldo averted last
Tuesday a civil •>■■ r
- two rival generals, Luna aad Mas
cardo. They were actually drawn up In
battle array.
This and positive confirmation of the
that Luna has been dangerously
wounded In the Bhoulder in the 1
at Saint Tomas are the most Important
Items of Intelligent brought by the
gunboats Lag ma de Bai and Cavad
which retui ly from a brisk expe
dition up the San Fernando River.
Immediately before the battle at Saint
Tomas, General Luna, when he saw an
engagement with the American troops in
evitable, pent buck an aid posthasti
WHS.
demanding; reinforcements. Mascardo's
reply was he would take orders from no
one but Aguinaldo.
Thii so Infuriated Luna that, in
spite of the Impending conflict with the
cr>mm<>n enemy, b< took 1500 of his* sol
- march to Ba
. intent on - g his comrade in
arms.
A conflict was imminent when Agui
naJdo sent his chief of staff to Intervene
and pc red.
LONG OUTLINES THE
PHILIPPINE POLICY
BOSTON, May B.— Hon. John D. L
Secretary of the Navy, has writ.
which appears in the Christian
Register this week. Th< In his
private capacity as an American citi
sen, wrote a letter to Secretary Long,
In which he tried plainly to report pub
opinion, th..- drift of parties and
some political < b which
within the ir were likely to fol
low current events and embarrass the
administration. Long's reply defends
the administration and seemingly out
lines the policy to be pursued in the
Philippines. In fact, there is strong
ground for tho belief that it was writ
ten with the intent. The letter follows:
I have r.o doul of public feel-
Ing to which you refer exists to some i x
u-nt. but the tide always ebbs and Rows.
You remember H was so during the <.'lv!l
"War; and I should say. from memory
and from reading, there Le nothing llkf>
the falling off from Pn sident McKlnley
there was at ont- time from President Lin
coln. Wlill** there is truth in what you
say, there is a great deal which you have I
left unsaid on the other side. I do not i
think the mutter ought to be approached
exclusively from a point of welfare of
the Republican party, of which you make
so much account.
Neither is It a question of personal pop
ularity of the President or administra
tion. It is a question of right. If you
or those to whom yon refer would only
read the President's
and instructions, you would b& at
he is not weakly leading us to disaster,
but is meeting tht- situation In exactly
the spirit in whi< h you would have him.
As for any ambition to be the first great
American expansionist, he Is so far from
ambition of that sort the suggestion
seem* like a joke. Nor is there the leant
Intention of subjugating the Philip^
all his military efforts arc directed solely
to the preservation of law and ord< r
there. And if the Filipinos would co
operate in this respect, he and the I
Commission which he ha? sent to thf-m
would enter at bnce upon the work of
theJr political regeneration, with a view
to giving them all the privileges which
Territories of the I'nlt'd Btati - between
the Pacific and Atlantic now enjoy.
T wish you. or some leader of public
opinion like yourself, could cotni to
Washington and go over, as 1 should be
glad to aid you in doing, all the instruc- ■
tions to our people at Manila, which cm- i
body the action of the President, and then
whether It resulted in your approval or
criticism, frankly develop your views and
communicate thorn to the public. | claim
you would find a record that for humane
and helpful direction and d<aling Is un
paralleled in political history. With I
Filipinos now on our hands pn-at trust
and responsibility are upon us for their
condition and future. I can hardly doubt
you feel we should, first of all things— and
that is ihe President's policy, although
you suggest he has none— restore them to
a condition of law and order. That is the
first step, one evidently that needs all our |
energy and help and influence of all true !
men. That is Itself great labor, and I |
earnestly believe if the whole country i
would unite in securing this first step j
and if those who are doing all they can to !
embarrass the President In efforts to take I
It would help him in that respect it j
would be the best and most patriotic thing
that can be done. After that the step to I
take should be considered in the same
patriotic spirit and taken with the same
unanimity.
I believe it should !■■ ward self
rnment of the islanders as soon as'
they have shown themselves fitted for it,
and as soon as rx ace and good order are
■anteed, probably under some sort of
• our Government, as our
Territories are under its pn I
. All this can be taken up as soon as
i.- restored, and Congress meets. Thank
ing yon for your letter and with cordial
regards, I am. very truly yours.
JOHN r>. LONG.
ANDERSON SPEAKS OF
TACTICS OF FILIPINOS
CHICAGO. May General T. M. An-
I derson, who led the first military expedi
tion to ihe Philippines, formally assumed
' command to-day of the Department of
i the Lakes, relieving General Sheridan,
j who will serve on General Anderson's
j staff as adjutant general. In speaking of
i the situation in the Philippines, General
I Anderson said he was confident that the i
i backbone of the Philippine rebellion will j
I ultimately be broken, but perhaps not so
I Boon as was hoped. With the mountain
i ous character of the country and the .
! fastnesses of the interior affording nu
! merous refuges for guerrilla parties and i
| bands of outlaws, he says, there is every ,
I inducement for the Filipinos to keep up I
a harassing campaign against the Ameri
can troops.
"The leaders of the Malolos government
are ambitious and unscrupulous," said
General Anderson.
•"The reason they wish for independence
is that they desire to gain control of the
forfeited church property of the Spanish
Government, which is very valuable, and
of all Spanish concessions and dispose of
them to their own advantage. By Spanish
I concessions I mean charters for water
works, tramways, electric lights and other
corporate interests. They know that the,
treaty with Spain compels our Govern-
I ment to respect all corporate and treaty
I rights.
"Although Aguinaldo has the confidence
i of the people and commands a large fol
lowing among the natives, yet he is not '
■ the real head of the rebellion there. He
is pushed forward and his popular char
acteristics made use of by the Malolos 1
Junta. I personally often came in con
tact with Aguinaldo when I first estab
lished headquarters at Cavite, and I can
not believe him entirely sincere in his
struggle for Filipino independence."
Genenal Anderson would not discuss the j
' anti-Imperialist movement He also re
fused to express his views on the policy
the Government should assume toward
the Philippine Islands.
LETTER TO ATKINSON
FROM ANTI-IMPERIALISTS
BOSTON, May &.— The executive
committee of the Anti-Tmperialistic
League to-day adopted the following
letter to be sent to Edward Atkinson:
: The executive committee of the Anti
imperialistic League thought it proper to
privately communicate at once to the
same persona to whom, as you advised us
April 22, you had written to express your
Intention of mailing your pamphlets to
soldiers in the field, that the league did
not desire to circulate its literature in
this manner. Inadvertence in expression,
doubtless accidental, othewlse conveyed,
to the recipients of your letters the Im
pression that you had forwarded the
league's publications for their distribu
tion.
What difference of opinion may exist
as to the propriety of the circulation
which you suggested (but which we
understand has not been attempted) there
should be only one opinion as to the far
more serious Issue which has been raised
by your experiment of sending copies of
your pamphlet only to Admiral George
Dowry . President Schurman, Professor
Worcester, General Otis, General Lawton.
General Miller and .1. H. Bass, the cor
respondent of Harper's Weekly, and
which was reported to have been taken
from the malls by the order of the Post
master General.
leral Miller and .1. H. Hass, the cor
iondent of Harper's Weekly, and
•h was reported to have been taken
i the mails by the order of the Post
ter General,
Against this act or arbitrary and illegal
power, which would hardly be attempted
by any government of Europe except per
haps that of Russia, the league calls on
all good citizens to protest as a serious
blow to republican institutions, which
are now so gravely threatened by Imperial
policies at home and abroad.
GENERAL RIOS MAY
RETURN TO SPAIN
MADRID. May R.— General Polavie.ia.
Minister of War. has cabled to General
Rlos. Spain's principal military officer in
the Philippines, an authorization to re
turn to Spain whenever it is convenient.
Thrown From a Horse.
WOODLAND. May B.— Charles Burns,
the young son of C. F. Burns of the Hotel
Julian, was thrown from a horse this
morning. He is now unconscious, and
concussion of the brain la feared. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. MAY 9, 1899.
HURRICANE WINS
THE BLUE GRASS
His Stable Companion
the Contender.
ST. WOOD FINISHES SECOND
STAR EVENT OF THE CARD AT
LOUISVILLE.
Horses That Revel in Muddy Going
Capture All the Purses at
Churchill Downs and
Newport.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. May S.-T. P. Hayes 1
• ntries, Hurricane and St. Wood, ran one
two in the Blur Grass* stakes, six and one
half furlongs, thr star racing piece of the
programme at Churchill Downs this after
noun. The pair were liberally played at
8 to 5 ami considerable money went In on
Prince McClurg. The race was held safe
by Hurrican< all the way and his stable
companion easily defeated McClurg for
the place. Kesults:
i 'no mile — Samover won, r>uko r,f Kden sec
on 1. .hilly Roger third. Time, l :46%.
X .:■ furl • won, Barney second,
FlorUar third. Time, :52%.
Kteenth, s>-Uin_- -Monk Way
man won, !>.>n Orslno .-.vnrtd. Traveler third.
Tim.-. l::.4'i.
Blue ilrass stake, six and a half furl'>ngs
Hiirrtfsinf won, st. Wood second, Prince Me-
Clurg third. Tune, 1 :25.
Fiv,- furlongs, selling— Dick Furber won,
Tlnrry Luceft second, Ruspell R third. Time.
six furlongs, selling— Treopia won', Simon D
second, Sir Blaze third. Time. 1:18%.
CINCINNATI, May S.— Carlotta C, winner of
the fifth race at Newport to-dti" was run up
1 05 over her entrance price of 1600. She wag
bought in by her owner, W. H. Laird. The
track was very sloppy, but the horses ran
pretty well to form. Results:
Four furlongs— Grace Phillips won, My But
terfly second, Miss Hudson third. Time, ::c l .
Mile and a sixteenth, selling- -Viet won.
Howitzer second. Hush third. Time, 1:57.
Four and a half furlongs, selling -Amaranth
won. Sue Johnson Becond, Miss Foni
third. Time,
Mile nnd fifty yards Kenmore Queen won,
H. Gardner Becond, I><>st Time third.
I :•"
Six furlongs, selling Carlotta C won, Tobe
second, Bannle third. Time. 1:17%.
Mile and a sixteenth, .^lllnK Banquo II won,
Bockwood third. Time. 1:53.
ATKIN & LOTTRIDGE
RELEASE CLAWSON
NEW YORK, May S.— "Trie Clawson
case was settled before the Jockey Club
had time to consider It," said a member of
that body to-day. "Sydnej Pagi t. repre
senting w. c. Whitney, and R. Porter
Ashe, a< linsr for Atkin \- Lottrldge, came
to an understanding about the services
of little "Dick" Clawson several weeks
ago, and though the exact amount paid
the Western turfmen for the release of
t!:>' jockey is secret, It Is said to have
been between JSOOO and $7000."
Jockey Clawson was under a threo-y>ar
contract to Atkin & Lottridge, who [i
him for a time lust year to "Sam" Hil
dr. th. When Hildreth took charge of the
Whitney horses Clawson was asked to
join the stabl< , and the boy was glad ol
the opportunity. When the Western firm
tiled a protest with the Jockey Club nego
tiations were opened by Sydney Pagei tor
the boy's release, and before the Jockey
Club considered the rase his transfer
papers had been signed and registered
with the club.
Mr. Paget, having no entry In the Met
ropolitan handicap, permitted Clawson tn
take the mount on Fillgrane, and the
Californian landed this horse a winner in
the big handicap.
SUPERBAS SHUT OUT
BY THE CHAMPIONS
NATIONAL LEAGUE! STANDING.
Clubs- W. L. Pet. Clubs- \Y. I. r •
Bt Louis 12 . r . .70S Baltimore ... 9 10 .474
Cblcag I' t ; ■""" N«w York... S 9 .47]
Philadelphia. l 3 6 .681 I»ulsville ... S 10 .441
Brooklyn ....12 >> .600 Pittsburg ... 7 9 .43S
Boston 11 8 ..'.-.'l Washington.. 4 IS .211
Cincinnati ..8 8 .600 Cleveland ... 3 H .17ti
BOSTON. May The Champions shut out
the Brooklyn* to-day, Willis keeping the hits
well scattered. The Bostons won through hard
hittins in the first and third Innings, and
after that made but little attempt to score.
Duffy's fine running catch In center proved the
feature of the game. Attendance, 2000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 5 8 1
Brooklyn 0 5 0
Batteries— Willis and Bergen; Hughes and
Farrell. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
CHICAGO, May B.— Wolverton planted the
ball over the Scoreboard for a home run in the
ninth, driving In three runs and winning the
game after the locals had been outplayed at
all points. McCormick was knocked out by a
pitched balj and Cross was ordered out of the
game for too much talking. Attendance, 1800.
Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Chicago 8 10 (>
Cleveland 7 13 1
Batteries— and Donahue and Nichols;
Sudhoff and Zlmmer. Umpires — Burns and
Smith.
NEW YORK, May The Giants won their
third consecutive game from the Washingtons
to-day by good hitting in the eighth Inning.
Attendance, 500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 6 11 1
Washington 2 9 5
Batteries Doheny and Orady; McFarland and
McGulre. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews.
PITTSBURG, May B.— Sparks kept the hits
well scattered up to the eighth Inning, when
Lcever was substituted. The first man up was
■ Cllngman and the third ball pitched was a
terrific one. It caught Cllngman on the head
and laid him nut cold for a time. He was
helped to the dressing room and Woods went
into the game for him. Cunningham relieved
Magee In the sixth and gave five hits and four
runs, but refused to help the home team any
afterward. Attendance, 900. Score:
dubs— ' R- H. E.
Pittsburg I IS 2
Louisville ssi
Batteries- Bparks, Leever nmi Bowerman;
Magee, I'linnlnßham an<l Kittreiige. Umplrep —
O'Day and Brinnan.
PHILADELPHIA, May S.— Tho Philadelphia-
Baltimore game t-rhe<iul««fi here to-day was post
poned on account of rain.
SPREAD OF SMALLPOX
DECLARED UNLIKELY
Result of Dr. Mathews' Investigation
at Los Angeles and San
Francisco.
SACRAMENTO, May B.— Dr. W. P.
Mathews, secretary of the State Board of
Health, has returned from Los Angeles,
where he went to investigate what threat
ened to be an epidemic of smallpox. When
interviewed regarding his trip Dr.
Mathews said the people of Lop Angeles
were alarmed for fear the disease was be-
Ing brought in from Arizona, and asked
that the quarantine be looked into. The
doctor found that there were two cases
in the city at the time, both of which
were in the families of railroad men. He
Investigated these and came to the con
clusion that they were cases of old in
fection. He does not consider that there
is any danger of further spread of the
disease.
The doctor said there was considerable
alarm in the San Francisco Board of
Health concerning smallpox. A case wan
brought In on the troopship that brought
General Harrison Gray Otis from Manila,
and there is fear the disease may spread.
The ship has been ordered back into
quarantine and the doctor does not think
It will spread.
BRAVE VICTOR DUBOCE
HAS BEEN MADE COLONEL
SACRAMENTO, May B.— Governor Gage to-day appointed Lieutenant
Colonel Victor Duboce to be colonel in command of the First Califor
nia Regiment of Volunteers, at Manila. Colonel Duboce will succeed
to the office made vacant by the promotion of Colonel Smith to a brig
adier generalship. •
Victor D. Duboce, who is promoted to be colonel of the First California In
fantry Regiment, United States Volunteers, is a gallant and worthy officer.
He began his military career in the National Guard of California and
served with distinction as a line, staff and field officer of the guard. Before
the war with Spain was declared he had attained by gradual advancement
the rank of lieutenant colonel In the regiment which he n ow commands.
When volunteers were called for he was one of the first to respond and
signify a desire for active service at the front. In the spirited engage-'
ments of the Manila campaign he was a conspicuous figure. He won com
mendation for bravery and skill from his superior offldfers.
Colonel Duboce is a good citizen as well 'as a good soldier. He is an act
ive member of Golden Gate Commandery, Knights Templar, and to his en
ergy much of the success of the organization is due. When the war came
he surrendered a g<>od position with one of the leading real estate firms of
this city.
MAYBERRY DENIES
CRUELTY CHARGES
Files His Answer in the
Divorce Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May B.— The second
stage in the Mayb rry divorce suit
was reached to-day, when the defend
ant filed in the Superior Court an an
swer to the complaint of the plaintiff.
The suit was begun early in the pres
ent year. Mrs. Emily May berry seeks
a divorce from Edward L. Mavberrv.
the millionaire rancher and raiser of
thoroughbred racing stock, on the
ground of extreme cruelty and infidel
ity. The wealth of the principals, to
gether with the sensational allegations
of the wife, combine to make the suit
noteworthy In divorce litigation.
Mrs. Mayberry declares that the
long-continued physical and mental
cruelty t" which she was subjected by
her husband has resulted in paralysis
and that tor years she has been a help
less invalid. The complaint, alleging
specific instances of cruelty, covers
nearly 100 pages of typewritten matter.
Mayberry enters a general denial of
his wife's accusations. He brings no
counter complaint and does not seek a
divorce. It is Bald the trial may be held
within three months. George D. Blake,
representing the plaintiff, this morning
said Mrs. Mayberry would not ask that
the hearing be behind closed doors, Al- j
though she is sensitive regarding the I
making public of her marital troubles.
she has nothing to conceal. Mr. May
berry's attorneys have not decided
whether or not they will ask for a pri
vate trial. \
GROWS WEARY UNDER
STRESS OF BAD LUCK
W. E. Gooding, a Well Known Rail-
road Man, Ends His Life at
Walla Walla.
WALLA WALLA, Wash.. May B.— W.
E. Gooding, a will-known railroad man.
committed suicide to-day by shooting
himself in the head. The body was found
lying in an outhouse back of his lodging
house.
Gooding came to this city last Thurs
day to take a position as traveling freight :
agent of the Washington and Columbia j
River Railway. Owing to ill health he ,
was unable to go to work and was under
the care of a pnyßlcian, He left a letter
to the Coroner and one to his friend. Gen- ;
cral Manager McAbee of the Washington
and Ciilumbla River Railway. The letter
to the Coroner stated that an Inquest was
unnecessary, and that his was simply a
case of "too much politics and bad luck."
The letter to Mr. McAoee was a lengthy j
one, and among other things said:
"I don't know why 1 am going to do it. j
r must be crazy, but it i» the only way
out of it."
He enclosed a roll of greenbacks which
he requested to be sent to his wife.
Gooaing was a man of temperate habits,
well educated and of refined tastes. He
leaves a widow and three children in Min
neapolis: also a brother in business in
Minneapolis. Th<^ body will be Shipped to
Minneapolis for interment.
CORNING COMPROMISES.
Pays Price Demanded by Sailors to
. Avoid Further Delay.
ASTORIA. Or.. May The hearing un- i
der the writ of habeas corpus brought
for the release of the twelve sailors who !
were placed on the British bark Howard
D. Troop from the steamer Columbia last
Friday was resumed before Judge Gra>
to-day. As to four. of the men, who were
admitted to be American citizens, the |
court decided they could not be held or»
an English ship and ordered their dis
charge. The examination of the other
sailors was continued until to-morrow.
The case of Captain Corning of the
Troop, on the charge of kidnaping, was
called in the Justice's court, but was con
tinued by consent of counsel, the four
sailors being released under the habeas
corpus being held under bond to appear
as witnesses against Corning. -■ ■ '
The report is current to-night, however,
that all disputes between the ship and
boarding-house people have been satis
factorily adjusted and' the men not dis
charged under habeas corpus will he re
turned to the ship and further proceed-
Inga In the courts dropped. What the
terms of settlement are to be cannot be
learned, but it is believed Captain Corning
has paid the price demanded for the sail
ors rather than be subjected to any
further vexatious delay.
CUTS ITS WAY OUT
OF THE ANTARCTIC ICE
Lieutenant De Gerlache Sends Fur- !
ther News of the Belgian
Expedition.
Special Cnbl*> to The i all and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IV.<?, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AVHKS. Argentina, May B.—
Lieutenant Adrian <le Gerlache, chief of
the Belgian Antarctic expedition, has sent
;t dispatch to Laprenza containing further
details of the expedition. He stated that
the so-called Hughes Bay is the entrance
tv the channel which separate Graham
land fmm a group of islands which the
explorers called Palmers Archipelago. On
I February 12 the expedition began a new
journey southward and advanced until
i 71 degrees 36 minutes was reached. They
remained blocked there during a whole
! year. I' earing they would have to re
' main another year, the explorers cut a
i channel of 7."0 meters through the ice.
'• This passageway was finished in Febru
ary. «99, and on March 14 the explorers
sailed northward. Lieutenant de Ger
lache praises the conduct of all members
;of the expedition. He says that on his
arrival In Buenos Ayrea he will remain
Borne time to repair the vessel and then
start for Europe.
CASUALTIES AMONG
THE AMERICAN TROOPS
WASHINGTON, May B.— The War De
partment to-day received the following
report from General Otis:
Casualties not heretofore reported:
KILLED.
Thirteenth Minnesota, May 4.— Company
L, Private Fred Buckendof.
WnI'XDED.
Company H— Private James Barrett,
shoulder, moderate.
Second Oregon -Company A. Captain H.
].. Heati leg, Blightly.
Sixth Artillery— Battery D, Private Wil
liam Betzold, arm, slight.
Fifty-flrsi lowa, May s— Company C,
Private George H. Shannon, hip, slight.
Twentieth Kansas— Company H, Private
Arthur K. Moore, hand, severe.
First Washington, April 27.— Company
11. Private William Schermerhorn, arm,
slight.
NICKEL MACHINES TABOOED.
Los Angeles Council Passes the Pro-
hibitive Ordinance.
LOS ANGELES. May B.— The City
Council to-day passed the prohibitive
niekel-in-the-slot machine ordinance,
under the terms of which it is made un
lawful to operate any of the machines at
present in use, of whatsoever nature,
whether they pay winnings In money or
in checks redeemable in merchandise, etc.
The measure is a sweeping and drastic,
one. The penalty for its violation is fixed
ai a fine not exceeding $250 or Imprison
ment not exceeding 125 days, or both fine
and imprisonment. The document will go
to the Mayor for his signature to-morrow.
The saloon and cigar men have formed a
combination and will make a test case as
soon as possible.
congressional" conference.
California Delegation Will Meet in
San Francisco.
LOS AXGELES. May S.— Congressman
Russell J. Waters of this district has re
ceived an invitation to be present at a
meeting of the California Congressional
delegation that is to be held in San Fran
cisco on a date in June yet to be named.
Senator George C. Perkins, who is seeking
to have the State delegation organize for
harmonious and united action in Wash
ington next winter, will in all probability,
owing to seniority in service, be elected
chairman. One of the first matters to
be considered is the question of census
patronage, as the bureau has taken the
southern counties of the Sixth and Sev
enth districts and bunched them into the
Sixth census district, creating the Seventh
census district out of the counties north
of Tehachapl in both the Sixth and Sev
enth Congressional districts.
Captured Near Antioch.
YUBA CITY, May S.— Charles Otis
Clyma has heen captured hy Under
Sheriff Noyes of Sutter County at a ranch
near Antioch. On May 4 a criminal com
plaint was Issued by Justice H. C. Grover
of Yuba Township, charging Clyma with
the crime of assault upon Hester Ellen
Manes of Live Oak. Clyma lost no time
in taking his departure. Under Sheriff
Noyes took up the trail, and after an ex
citing chase of a few days succeeded in
overtaking his maji at Antioch.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r " : J* • •
TO THE PUBLIC.
The second week of our REORGANIZA-
TION SALE has opened so promisingly that
we hardly deem it necessary to urge upon
the attention of our patrons the bargains we
_re offering.
It is gratifying to us to know that the
public appreciate the reductions we have j
made in the prices of. all our lines of stock. •
Pending the present rush of business, and j
in order to afford our clerks sufficient time
to arrange their goods, the hour for opening
our establishment will be 9 o'clock a. m. ._.
j
Ml* Murphy Building". /
Met and Jones Streets.
SUITS AGAINST
YUBA OFFICIALS
The Grand Jury Advises
Prosecutions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, May B.— The Grand
Jury of Yuba County, which, aided by
an expert, has been making official in
vestigation of the books and records
of the county officers since November
last, has filed a second partial report
and adjourned to meet at the call of
the foreman. As it became mooted
about that there would be some start
ling disclosures in this report, its filing
was looked forward to with much in
terest. The report of the expert, H.
H. Love of Palermo, accompanies the
document, which is quite lengthy.
Love reports that during the years
1895, 1896 and 1897 the sum of $1?,952 15
has been paid out of the county treas
ury without authority of law. In this
amount is included $7437 50 paid for the
service of agents of the Anti-Debris
Association, an institution that looks
to the interests of the valley counties
in the fight against hydraulic mining.
He charges that the members of the
Board of Supervisors are in debt to
the county of Yuba in the sum of
$3903 39 for money drawn from the
treasury on personal claims and on
claims allowed various livery stables
for livery hire for the Supervisors' per
sonal use. He finds that the Supervis
ors have been allowing several county
officials to present claims for extra
services rendered, especially for work
connected directly with their offices.
These claims aggregate $735 50.
Demands presented by the Horticul
tural Commissioners he declares
doubtful from a legal standpoint, as
the commission was, in his opinion,
not legally created.
The Board of Supervisors is accused
of having allowed claims that con
tained errors, overlooking the errors
through carelessness.
The jury recommends that the Dis
trict Attorney be instructed to com
mence suits for the recovery of all
money illegally paid out. It denounces
the practice of the Supervisors in al
lowing demands to themselves for sev
eral different services on the same
day; also of allowing their own per
sonal claims without submitting them
to the District Attorney, as required
by law.
The Supervisors are censured for the
discourteous manner in which certain
members of the board treated the ex
pert during the time of his investiga
tions, by turning off, the gas so that
he would not be able to work during
the night and by refusing to pay his
claims presented monthly or entering
on their minutes their reasons for do
ing so.
A change in the management of the
hospital is recommended.
The report of the expert is to be
printed and circulated among the tax
payers.
/weak stomachX
Hi Impaired Appetite Headache \M
Ml Disturbed Sleep Flatulency \M
If/ Heaviness in Stomach Costiveness
y Tired Feeling Melancholia
Loss of Energy Giddiness IB
\ HDDYAN CURES. /
thk innvF SYMPTOMS htiL INDICATE BOMB DERANGEMENT OF THE
PROCESS OF ' ni.;""] >N : HUDYAN IS A POSITIVE CURE. IF TOU ARE KAKLY
IN Yoi-R TROI-HI F HTPYAN U 11.1, WARD OFT THE SERU LICA-
Smw toit iWI SUM TO WHEN THE DIQEBTION IS INTERFERED
WITH w N THK I.ATEI! STAGES HUDTAN WILL CURE tOY OF STOM-
ACHTROUBLE AND ITS COMPLICATIONS AS WKLL.
HOPE. Idaho, i OAK, Nebr.
Dear Sirs- I have taken the Hudyan andi Gentlemen: I can say that Hu>lyan is the
it has cured me sound and well. Not one! best medicine on earth, for it cure* me
Bvmptom of mv stomach trouble remains, of dilation ot th<* stomach and indigestion,
i'hnvo Rained in welfjht and strength. Alto- when doctors could (In mo no good. I am
eether I feel like a n"W man. Yours truly, to-day as well as I ever wa? in my life,
getner 1 reel line a ne » r SMITH, i Respectfully. .1. H. MARK.
Hudyan is effecting remarkable cures. It is for sale by tlruKgists— dflc a package,
l^y'rim' driiKKist does not keep Hudyan, send direct to the Hudyan Remedy Co.,
cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market sts.. San FrsnClSCO, Cal.
You may consult the Hudyan Doctors about your case free of
charge. Call or write.
FRENCH DEPUTIES
IN AN UPROAR
Statesmen Talk of the
Portfolio Changes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, May B.— ln the Chamber of
Deputies to-day M. Georges Berry,
Nationalist, representing the Ninth
Arrondissement of the Seine, questioned
the Government as to whether the
resignation of the portfolio of war by
M. de Freycinet was due to a disagree
ment by the Minister and his col
leagues, or if M. de Freycinet had re
signed because ho wished no longer to
protect the chiefs of the army.
M. Berry also asked why the port
folio of public works had been given to
M. Monastier, who had voted against
transferring revision of the Dreyfus
case from the Criminal Court to the
whole Court of Cassation.
The Premier, M. Dupuy, replied that
the motives which M. Berry alleged
were purely imaginary. There was not
a shadow of disagreement, he said,
within the Cabinet. Regarding Monas
tier, M. Dupuy said his appointment did
not indicate any change on the part of
the Government regarding the revision,
which, moreover, could not be regarded
as the privilege of Republican policy.
M. Lavaye, Nationalist, inquired if
discord in the Cabinet was not due to
the exchange of sharp letters between
M. de Freycinet and the Minister of
Foreign Affairs, M. del Casse, concern
ing the Palealogue incident.
Amidst a great deal of uproar M.
Dupuy replied that the suggestion was
unfounded.
M. Lavaye interjected that M. del
Casse was the possessor of cheeks in
capable of flushing, even from smacks.
Great uproar and excitement ensued.
Finally M. Lavaye was formally cen
sured and the subject was dropped for
the order of the day, which the Govern
ment accepted. The vote was 444 to 67.
M. del Casse entered the Chamber of
Deputies after the vote on the order of
the day had been taken and made a
statement corroborating what had been
said by Premier Dupuy, adding that it
had needed all his self-sacrifice and
• otism to accept the management of
foreign affairs in the circumstances un
der which he had taken office. He be
lieved, he said, that he had served the
country well. The statement was re
ceived with hearty cheers.
EDITOR MOORE DEAD.
REDLANDS. May B.— William Graft
Moore, editor and owner of the Redlands
Daily Facts, died last night of consump
tion at the age of 68. Mr. Moore came to
this city four years ago suffering from
the disease, and the climate prolonged
his life. He was a member of the Loyal
Legion, F. and A. M.. and the G. A. R..
and an active worker in Republican poli
tics. His sou. Paul W. Moore, succeeds
him aa manager of the newspaper.MONNETT NOW
GIVES NAMES
Answers Standard Oil's
Motion.
■ ' to The Call,
LUMBUS, 0.. May S.— Attorney
Monnett this afternoon riled
In the Supreme Court his answer to
motion of the Standard Oil Com
pany requesting that he designate the
ns alluded to in his statement
• he had been approached with of
if bribes to dismiss the suits
! any, and names
formerly of Cleve
nd now of New York, as
the party through whom the alleged
• on was made. The Attorney -
a! in his answer says:
The motion having been made to be
heard May IS, the Attorney General
waives the length Of time and asks for
an immediate hearing. He concurs In the
request of the defendant that the court
appoint a commission to take the legal
testimony which bears upon the truth of
charges as are set forth in the com
plaint; or that such testimony may be
i.iken in any other mode that this court
may deem expedient.
The plaintiff had no means of bringing
The defendant into court in contempt
without an order from this court, but the
tame having been, waived by the entry of
appearance by this motion and to avoid
delay; '..tiff complies with the demands
Of the motion so far as it is able. The
Attorney General cannot comply with the
tirst request, requiring the plaintiff to
name the person who requested the Hon.
Daniel J. Kyan, but the same can be had
through legal process under the orders of
the court from witnesses who have the
knowledge thereof. The plaintiff cannot
comply with the second request of the
Standard's attorneys, compelling Hon. D.
J. Watson to furnish the names of the
parties who made the offers and repre
sentations in said complaint set forth, but
the same can be obtained under an order
from this court from witnesses who have
such information.
■
il to
I the conversa
■
■ • ng him up from
prop
was
■
■
the
'ompai s B.
In
m was Frank Rocke
t the
my; F. I
S - ndard < >il i 'ompany,
fiaskel ■ Nt w York
I
■
fr ni the
: this
The only apent or employe of the Stand
ard Oil Company that plaintiff c-m fur
nish the court under that motion that
paid the expenses of Dewitt C. Jones and
heard at least part of the conversation
referred to in the paragraph of the
original complaint, and the only name
that plaintiff can furnish to this court
without lepal process Is the name
furnished plaintiff by Dewitt (.". Jones,
namely, that of Virgil P, Kline, one of thf
attorneys in this case, then representing
the Standard Oil Company. The true, re
lationship existing between the Standard
oil Company and Virgil P. Kline and
I>ewitt C. Jones in this behalf can only
be obtained by the court authorizing the
testimony to be taken of such parties
having the information thereof.
BIG BRIBE OFFERED
BY STANDARD OIL
LUMBUS, May B.— Mr. Monnetfa
ment that he cannot name the
;. who "requested Hon. Daniel .1.
Ryan" refers T«. the story that Ryan.
while a nomin- . of State,
was alleged to ha\> been approached
party who wanted him to us<
influence with Hoa. I> K. Watson, then
Attoi • induce him to
withdraw suits which he (Watson) had
• ited against the Standard Oil
Company. The story was to th"
Mr. Ryan waa offered 175,000 for
his influence, and as much mor<
might be necessary to accomplish the
-ult.
THROWN FROM A PHAETON.
Mrs. George B. Sperry of Stockton
Badly Injured.
■ "KT< iX. Ma; s Mrs. I reorge R
v had a i.
ut driving. \ wheel
■■ .
run. Mrs. Sperry n
and wh«" | ij,.,.
v. as removed to h< r home
The family was
o find the Injurii
iph very painful. The hi
• Ihnrcn awl Sutter si
■ killing it Instai
A Quick
Sale!
Mackay is going out of business, you can depend on it.
Going to quit quick. If you don't come in soon you
will lose the chance to fit up the spare room or to refur-
nish the old rooms.
When good carpets sell for 40 cents and metal beds go
for $3.25 everybody can live in luxurious comfort.
Listen to this:
150 Enameled hoi and Brass Bed- CARPETS, ETC.
£*V*p"<o' ' *£-W'<3 '»""- 3000 **= 4SO
price... $3.25 tO $12 All- Wool Ingrain, 2000 yards 56c
I Extra Super, 200 yards ,40c
Three -P.ece Mahogany Par or i Ten-Wire Tapestry, Roxbury. Stin-
Suits, upholstered in silk da- son and ail best grades. 65c
mask $16.50 Highest Grade Axminsters $1.15
Chamber Suits in Golden Oak, Linoleum. 200 rolls 33c
Mahogany.Maple; formerly sold Japanese Matting, a bargain 1 8c
for $25 up to $100— closing . „ .' ,
out price $15 to $65 250 Art Squares all wool and cot-
ton. sizes 2x3 yards and 3x4
Hall Racks, Go'd-?n Oak; always yaid>; starting at $1.95
sold them for $10 up to $50—
now they are $7 tO $35 Sideboards Buffets. Tabourettes, Up
holstered Parlor Suits— cut to one-
High-Back Dining Chairs 95c half the former price.
ALEX. MACKAY & SON,
715 MARKET STREET,
Near Call Building.
CORBIN SAVES
THE PRESIDENT
Prevents Injury From
Runaway Horse.
Special l>lspatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON. May B.— President
McKinley had a narrow escape from
being run over by a horse this after
noon. He was out walking with Adju
tant General Corbin, and as they
crossed. Pennsylvania avenue, near La
fayette Square, a hurst.- attached to a
light buggy, which had been standing
by the curb, became frightened at
something and ran away. The Presi
dent and General Corbin were talking
and neither of them saw the horse ufj
til he was nearly upon them. General
1 !( rbin pulled the President out of the
way just in time to save him from be
ing struck.
President and Mrs. McKlnley left the
city to-night for a vacation of a week
or ten days at Hut Springs, Va. The, 1
trip was made in a handsc/mely equip
ped special train, which left here at j
'j-.ij o'clock over the Chesapeake and
Ohio Railroad and is scheduled to ar
rive at the springs about 8 o'clock to
morrow morning. The President and
.Mis. Mcfdnley occupied the private
car Cleopatra, which was attached to
the rear of the train, the remain.:
the special being made up of the com- j
partment car Patagonia and the com- ;
blnation smoking and baf ir At
lantic. The party included also Get Pge
B. Cortelyou, the assistant secretary to
the President; Dr. and -Mrs. Dixey,
Mr. Barnes of the White House clerical
force. The President's health Is -
but he feels the need of rest and ra
tion, and hence all of th>- business dur
e will be
far as possible at the White House.
While at the springs the party will stay
at "The Homestead," where Secretary
and Mrs. Gage are now . . for a
week's stay. Secretaries Alger and
Wilson and Adjutant General Corbin
a few friends were at the station
and remained until the train departed.
NEW rORK, M rding to
ispatch to the Herald from YVash
■ . tin-re is ii" foundation for the
sensational stories Bent out from that
city that the President is in wretched
health. It is true he has suffered from
neuralgia recently, but when he left
for a two weeks' outing at Hot Springs
to-night he looked well and seemed
Drtght and cheerful as usual.
One of the principal reasons why the
President and Mrs. McKinley have
.chosen this time to take a vacation is
that improvements are being made in
ih" sanitary arrangements of the ex
■ • mansion. Workmen, under the
I Colonel Bingham Su
■nt at Public Buildings and
Grounds, have 1 n engaged recently in
a thorough overhauling of its sanitary
and electrical arrangements.
JOKERS ALMOST BREAK
UP A BLOOMER SHOW
LINCOLN, Nebr., May S.-Two hundred
young women, members of the physical
lss of th* Nebraska State Uni
versity, pave a public drill in bl<
the armory this evening, although i;
r a while in the afternoon as
though the exhibition would I ■
oft. Th« uncertainty w.ih due to ti.
appearance on the dead w
ettei sters reading as fol
lows:
•ion! Great stock exhibit.
p of trained calves i vi r
in the West. Will h.- on exhibition with-
II Sizes and us' s will
go through the most wonderful ana start
performances known to the
Prise ■ :n every county and
in the State will be then Al
s from surrounding Stat> s.
Every one come. Admission free, with
:C."
Friends of the girls In the bloomer class
situation and started out com
mittees in all parts of th«- city to remove :
or obliterate the circulars, in spit
th< fact that the girls had been drilling
for nan;.- month chibition, many
m declared with tears they would
go on. Th>- university faculty at I
convened but has been unai .
: ■ ponsibility for the b I
mtry. It is known a commit:
. Zen male students played th<
but threats and promises hav>- availed
nothing toward g the guilty
A number ot scrimmages have oc
: among the students and frier;
the girls.
The drill was gone through with, how- ;
ever, amid cheers, the girls wearing
bloomers and red cheeks. The girls cob- i
that their physical culture class
turn-- is not nearly so Immodest as the
dress worn by women bicyclists through- ;
out the city.
Pedro Castro Sentenced.
SALINAS, May B.— Pedro Castro, the
• If years who was convicted
of having on the night of March 8 bru-
Urs. James A. Douglass,
was to-day sentenced to Berve fifteen
years at San Quentin. Pedro Castro was
■ dson of General < - astr". for whom
: ville was named.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 9. 1899.
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND TALKS
AT ORLEANS' CELEBRATION OF
JOAN OF ARC'S DELIVERANCE
• /~\ ULEANS, France. May S.— The
♦ I I annual celebration of the dcliv
♦ I I erance of Orleans by Joan of
♦ \^J Arc was held here to-day with
<$, the customary ceremonies. A
i salute of twenty-one guns was fired at
sunrise and all the bells in the city
♦ were rung. At 10 o'clock the municipal
♦ and other bodies went to the cathedral,
>'■ which was decked with flowers and
4 flags, as is the custom on grand occa
sions. The nave was festooned with
♦ drapery and flags. There was an enor
♦ mous crush of people seeking admis
♦ sion to the cathedral. A cantata was
•v rendered by 500 performers. Among
+ those present was a collateral descend-
X ant of Joan of Arc, an artillery captain
named Delagatto, who is stationed at
L Versailles.
Archbishop Ireland, the orator of the
I occasion, spoke in French. In begin-
nlng his address Archbishop Ireland
CRUSHING OUT
MINERS' UNION
Idaho's Governor Issues
a Proclamation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WARDNER, Idaho, May B.— At a
conference to-night between Bartlett
Sinclair, General Merriam, Sheriff
France and Judge Lindley the follow
ing proclamation was issued:
To the Mine I >->\ ners B ' "oun
ty: Certain organlzati ins or combinations
exist • E shone County have Bhown
themselves to !>< criminal in pur]
procuring property i" be desti
murder t<> be committed, by reason
whereof h ■ twice necessarj to
in martial law in Shoshone County.
■ tore nottned thai the em
: ployn I men belonging t<> said or
i <.tlu-r criminal organizations during
I continuance of martial law must
-.■ this direction is not obeyed your
Therefore, in order to carry Into effect
the spirit of the foregoing notice and re
the industri".-- of thi
as possible ■ - - '
si a system by which miners may
In work.
Th" following is promulgated for
guidance of all mine owners and emp
in th<- aff' <•:> d district:
All parties applying for underground
work in any of the mines will I
uuir^d to obtain from UT. Hugh !■"•
a p< rmit authorizing said person so ap
plying to s--,-k for and obtain employ
; ment. Mine owners must rffusf employ
-11 applicants for underground
work without presentation by parties
seeking emplo>*ment of a duly Bigned cer
ttlficate authorizing the same. All par.
now under employment by any "f
the mines above named will be required
to procure within ten days from this date
thr ■ 'erred to as a
ition of their remaining in th^
vice of th< ive compai
Hy order of the Governor and .'>mma.n
■!t r in chief.
BXRTX.ETT SINCLAIR.
State Auditor.
WAR OF REGULARS
AGAINST THE MINERS
Heavy Rains Make It Very Disagree
able for Prisoners in the
Wardner Stockade.
WALLACE, Hah... May B.— Heavy
rains to-day made Mfc unpleasant for the
7'" 1 prisoners in the stockade at Wardner.
Deputy marshals are still scouring the
district picking up occasional suspects.
The must important arrest to-day was
George Olmstead, conductor of the train
which the rioters stole. He has run from
Wallace to Burk»- for years, yet he claims
he did not recognize any of the mob.
The order of Attorney General Hayes
to employ only non-union men will be
obeyed generally and all -mines will be
i awaiting the arrival of new men.
Bunker Hill Is working about eighty
underground, that being the only mine
employing non-union men.
DESERTS HIS FAMILY
AND LANDS IN JAIL
Portland Elopement Ends in a Prison
Cell for the Man in the
Case.
SANTA ROSA, May B.— About three
weeks ago a young man with one leg, a
crutch and a pretty wife arrived in this
City and took rooms and board with Mrs.
Codding, who conducts a boarding-house
on \i street. The couple gave their name
as Kingsley. and claimed to be from New
York. A week ago they visited the cy
clery of George C. Schelling and arranged
to purchase two Sterling wheels. They
picked out two thai suited, paid the first
month's Installment and then disappeared.
When the couple did not return to the
boarding-house Mrs. ("ixldinp entered
i their apartments ;irvl found that their
effects had been Quietly removed. A war
-1 rant was sworn out charging Kingsley,
whose first name he had given as Roland,
■ with having- "jumped" his board bill. A
f< w days later he was found and arrested
! at Pinole and brought to this city by Con-
Btable Peerman, His companion remained
at Pinoie. Kingsley appeared before
Judge Brown this morning, pleaded guilty
: ami was given ninety days.
Prom a letter received from Portland.
Or., to-day it is learned that Kingsley h;is
an Interesting history. His right name is
iR. J. Brown. He is an expert lumber man
! and formerly was prominently connected
1 with the Oregon Pine Lumber Company
of Portland He is also an export sten
; ographer. Some time last fall he left ;t
wife and tw> children in Portland and de
camped in company with a young lady
iod family, who was his companion
In tills city. Further Investigation de
veloped the fact that while in San Fran
cisco Brown obtained a position a? sten
ographer with Parmelee A Bowker, on
Butter street. Later he was employed to
take testimony In the Regan case. He is
a man of good appearance. When seen
to-night h<- admitted his Identity.
•—
OBJECTS TO CARING
FOR INSANE BROTHER
Titled Niece of the Late Governor
Pico Thinks Relatives Should
Share the Cost.
LOS ANGELES, May s.— Antonio Pico.
nephew of the late Governor Pio Pico,
while on trial for burglary has been de
clared insane and ordered to be sent to
the asylum at Highlands. Countess Jo-
sepa I'ico de Gottliebron, who has been a
wlinesa for her brother, demurred to the
proceedings in Judge Smith's court this
morning when the question of supporting
th<- young man was to have become a
matter or record. The expense to rela
tives in this instance would be $-T, for
each quarter, but Mrs. Gottliebron thinks
ht-r wealthy sister. Mrs. Castro of Santa
Barbara County, and her brother, Ramon
Pi< of Oakland, should share in the ex
pense <>f Antonio's support.
As Pico was committed to the asylum
while charged with a crime, it is not im
probable that the county may be com
pelled to support him. District Attorn, y
Rives, who has the question under con
sideration, said to-day that whenever
I'ico was discharged from the asylum the
criminal charges would be pußhed-
APPOINTMENTS
BY MR. GAGE
Dr. Cranz Now a Dental
Examiner.
B] ■ The Call.
SACRAMENTO, May B.— Governor
Gage this afternoon appointed Dr.
Louis T. ('ran/-, of San Francisco to be
a member of the State Board of Dental
Examiners, vice Dr. Thomas Morffew
in Francisco, resigned. It is under-
Btood Dr. Cranz was supported by Sec
retary of State Charles F. furry.
Th- changes mad.- in tli.- State Board
of Agriculture by to-day's appoint
ments by Governor Gage are being dis
cussed here to-night with reference to
th<- probable effect upon the.' position
of Secretary now held by Peter J.
Shields of Sacramento. Shields, who
was private secretary to Governor
Budd, was recently elected secretary of
the State Hoard of Agriculture, to suc
ceed Edwin F. Smith, also : , Democrat,
who had occupied th" position for a
number of years. Shields assumed his
position -n April 1. He had Borne oppo-
Bition on the board at the time of his
election and the question now is
whether tin- new members will aug
ment the list of his supporters or that
of his opponents.
The appointments to-day comprise F. ;
D. Cobb of Stockton, vie,- c. M. Chase,
deceased; Grove L. Johnson of Sacra
mento, vice John Boggs, deceased; M.
D. Chamberlain of Woodland, vice K.
1 .. Cobb, term expired; D. K. Knight of
Marysville, vice John Mackey, term ex
pired; J. K. Terry of Sacramento, vice
George H. Fox. term expired. The
other members of th- board, completing
the twelve, are A. B. Spreckels, J. H.
Wilson, w. ]'. Mathews, A. \v. Barrett,
Park Henshaw, Fred Cox and F. w.
Covey.
The salary of the secretary is $L V "" a
month. Politicians here seem to think
that the new board will affect Mr.
Shields' tenure, although it is pointed
out that he has the friendship of mem- j
bers of the l..,ard of politics differing^
from his own. and that nobody who !
has yet been named stands as good a
show as himself for the place he now
occupies. Shields is said to be on quite
friendly terms with Governor Gage,
and it is not known that the latter
had the matter of the secretaryship in
mind when he named the new directors.
> m the other hand, it is contended by
some that the Governor will really have ,
the naming of the secretary.
JUDGE HUTTON'S AMBITION.
Candidate for a Place on the Supreme
Court Commission.
LOS ANGELES, May B.— Los A' -
has a candidate for the vacancy in the
Supreme Court Commission in the person
of former Superior Judge A. YV. Hutton.
Judge Hutton lias the backing of every
lawyer in the city for the position. The
leaders of the liar arc especially anxious
to have him appointed. The vacancy was
caused by the death of Commissioner E.
J. Pringle of Oakland a few weeks ago.
Th. position, which pays $^h,«i ;v year, is
practically for life. tJnder the law the
appointee must lie v Democrat. Judge
Hutton last year could have had the
Democratic nomination for District At
torney, but after considering the matter
for several days he declined the honor.
Th' Supreme Court Commissioners arc
appointed by the Supreme bench as a
body.
OFFICIALS TOO FREE
WITH PUBLIC FUNDS
Santa Clara Good Government League
Presents Claim Against
Supervisors.
SAN JOSK. May little harmony
prevails between the Board of Supervi
sors and District Attorney Campbell. A
number of bills against the county are
.it the bottom of the trouble. Behind
Campbell is the Republican Good Govern
ment league, which seems determined
to wauh over county affairs.
Pome time ago the league decided to
look into the expenditure of county funds
by the Supervisors. It found where the
Supervisors had put in bills for attend
ing State conventions of Supervisors and
for other official tips. These bills were
merely for hotel expenses and railway
fan s. The law does not provide fur
these, however, and the league banded
the bills to District Attorney Campbell
for collection against the Supervisors.
Supervisors Austin. Stem, Roll and Rea
have received two bills each, with the re
quest that they refund the money drawn.
Supervisor Aver has not yet received his.
The Supervisors have refused to allow
two bills from Campbell's office and
claim t!n-y are exorbitant. One is for $110
for typewriting done by Argylo Campbell,
an IS-year-ola son 01 the District At
torney, and the other for %tii~<> for type
writing done by Miss Faulkner, a sist>r-
In-law of that official.
WAS MAJ. MARCHAND SLAIN P
It Is Humored That He Was Killed
by Marauders.
PARIS) May B.— lt is persistently ru
mored here that Major Marchand, leader
fo the famous Marchand expedition,
which was returning from Fashoda on
tilt- Nile to the Red Sea en route to
France, was killed by a band of maraud
ers while on the way from Addis Abeda,
the Abyssinian capital, to Ras Biboutil,
the French post on the coast. It is also
rumored that Captain Karatler, who
brought Marchand's report regarding the
Fasboda situation to Paris and subse
?u<ntly returned to join in the retirement
rom Fashoda, was wounded in the same
encounter.
WATER AND LEMONADE SET DAY.
Some articles out 60 per cent.
Some articles cut 6" per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
said that if there was any surprise
that a stranger should be the oralor
on such an occasion as this, it must be
remembered that Joan of Arc not only
belonged to France, but to the human
race generally. After a eulogy on
Joan of Arc, Archbishop Ireland said
that he was happy to seize the occa
sion to tell of his unspeakable affec
tion for France, which was the land of
his youth and the school of his soul.
After the oration a cortege proceeded
to the site of the old fort of Tournelles,
which was captured by Joan of Arc on
-May s, 1429. The procession included
officials of the department and city,
the fire brigade and many civic socie
ties. The route along which the pro
cession passed was lined with troops.
Afterward the cortege returned to the
cathedral, where a Te Deum was sung.
To-night there were fireworks and a
torchlight procession.
OPIUM SEIZED BY
PRISON GUARDS
San Quentin Convicts
Foiled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
sax qi-kntin, May s -The dili
gence of Captain of the Guard Birlem
and three of his men led to the discov
ery to-day of an extensive plot to
smuggle opium into the penitentiary.
The discovery was made by accident
and the officers secured nearly ten
pounds of the drug. Two convicts who
■i as ringleaders in the plan to
bring in the contraband article are
shackled to the walls of the dungeon
to-nisht. and about twenty others will
receive lighter punishment.
Ever Bince the Legislature made it a
felony to bring opium upon the prison
grounds the "dope fiends" have given
a good deal of trouble, and a few have
had to have medical treatment on ac
count of th" scarcity of the drug. To
day they were all in good humor in
expectation of their latest plot proving
ssful. Captain Birlem scented
danger and cautioned all the guards to
be vigilant.
About sixty-five m^n work daily up
on th. Tiburon boulevard and are
known as th<- "road gang." They have
lately been under the charge of Guards
A. (J. Kelly, George WHey and J. I).
Jones. For the past few days these
guards have noticed that some person,
presumably an ex-convict, was skulk
ing in the brush near the scene of the
work. To-day "Cage" Wilson, a pris
oner serving a lung term for a bur
glary committed in San Francisco, was
ted by Guard Kelly in the act of
removing a Quantity of opium from a
tan buried close to the boulevard. Wil
son was searched after a severe strug
gle, the other prisoners being prevent
•-(! from going to his assistance only by
the threat that they would be shot. A
quantity of the drug was found con
cealed in his shoes and hatband.
The men were then marched in and
searched at the tower gate. About
twenty had opium concealed on their
parsons, the total quantity aggre
gating nearly ten pounds, in weight.
enough to have kept the prison well
supplied for a month or two. Wilson
and Al Young, his "pal." who is serv
ing seven years for grand larceny in
Los Angeles, were placed in the dun
geon and the others will be punished
as the Prison Directors may decid.-.
Captain Birlem took the opium found
to-day and all that discovered during
the last three years out into the bay
in a small boat this evening, and at
taching weights to the large packages
cast them into the water. There was
so much opium that only one assistant
could be taken in the boat.
HOGELSBURG SAYS HIS
WIFE IS INNOCENT
LOS ANGELES, May B.— Dr. Hans
Hogelsburg of New York, who as the
fugitive president of the Investors'
Guarantee and Trust Company of
Wi st Virginia, was arrested here last
night, is held under specific in
structions from Captain McCloskey of
the New York police department, who
says in his telegrams that an officer
[••ft New York last night with a certi-
Sted copy of the complaint sworn to by
Ernest May, alleging that Hogelsburg
obtained $8100 of his money. Hogels
burg was seen to-night and admitted
that he had used the money supplied
by his customers.
"I have not one dollar," said Hogels
burg, "of the capital of those who re
sponded to my advertisements. It is
all in New York and passed out of my
possession."
"Was it taken from you?" was asked.
"Not at all," replied Hogelsburg. "It
was lost in the last squeeze in Wall
street. I played the market at both
ends. First I went "long" and then I
went 'short' in the hope of making a
big winning, but the whole thing
proved disastrous and that is the end
of it."
"Why did you leave suddenly, doc
tor?"
"That was my mistake," he replied.
"I should have remained in New York
and faced the situation. That would
have b>'en better. I am perfectly will
ing to return to New York, and will go
at any moment without legal formal
ity. I want to exonerate my wife, who
has no guilty knowledge of my trans
actions. I kept her in ignorance."
Dr. Hogelsburg has in his possession
a mass of canceled checks, but is
without money. His wife and child
are supposed to have met him here
after he passed through Los Angeles,
went to Mexico and returned here a
few days ago.
LAWYER LUSK GETS
INFLAMED IN COURT
WILLOWS, May B.— ln the Murdock
note case this morning Attorney Lusk for
the defense read a question from the
deposition of Delos Pratt as to his hav
ing met Mary Helen Murdock. The plaint
iffs attorneys objected to the question on
the ground that there was not sufficient
proof of the identity ol Mrs. Murdock.
Attorneys Lusk and Johnson became
belligerent. Johnson said plaintiff declined
to be present at the taking of new depo
sitions of Pratt, Turner and Connor in
order to assist in identification, but •would
agree to pay the expenses of these wit
nesses if they would appear and testify
in court. Lusk then said that If plaintiffs
counsel would admit that a photograph
recently taken here of Mrs Murdcck was
a faithful likene.se, the new depositions
would he taken at once. This was de
clined and a remark made about these
three witnesses being "under the control
ADVERTISEMENTS. (
.
I know of no treatment that will so speedily clear and
heal all the air passages of the head, throat and lungs as
my Inhaler. Used in conjunction with my Cold and Grip Cure,
all forms of grip can be cured and pneumonia averted. The
Inhaler gives instant relief, and the Cold and Grip Cure drives
the disease from the system. — MUNYON.
If You Have a Cold. Try It. . .^^^^^v^v
If You Have the Grip, Try It. 4j?iP§^illBll
If You Have a Cough, Try It. rim:
If You Have Catarrh, Try It. JiB«l* -t» ££%£&
If You Have Sore Throat. Try It. Ok & ® IP
If You Have Weak Lungs, Try It. IIPI &JL± Us
THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN CURED.
Price $1.00. / "' l &t^^l\ '
With Everything Complete, at All Druggists, or / \ /. I A '[■ '«••> \^t M
Mailed From Our Office. • ! , ft* [' ilul J \ '. '■£! A\S
Clouds of medicated vapor are inhaled I \ j\ ' , slj J!l. : " ?l .Vz\
through the mouth and emitted from the A \ >J&\,\ ', rTR W~\ W £-~ m %L.
nostrils, cleansing and vaporizing all the jv ) £ ££■ \l_l^ -• a igj —^_\ \r i
diseased parts. A sense of relief is felt ->X 'ffc|J>^~'^?r~7\~ v «'-- > — I^-'
at once. It is a common-sense cure for v/ iJT ' c: *BK3' * y )'
Catarrh. Colds. .Asthma, Bron- fT .^li^~^Ci~~ " <r"*\ V"'
chilis and all throat and lung troubles. J ■■ -^jstZ?* S^^J
Try it free of charge at the following stores:
No Percentage Drug Co. The Owl Drug Co.,
npurriCTC 1128 Market St., San Francisco.
UKUuuia i 5,. Broadway and 10th St.. Oakland.
949-951 Market St., next to Hale Bros. 32 0 South Spring St.. Los Angeles.
G. Leipnitz & Co., S. A. McDonnell's
* PHARMACY.
Druggists, Deutsche Apotheke. Drugs. Wholesale and Retail,
250-252 Sutier St., cor. Grant Are., S. F. 106, 108 and 110 Grant Are., S, F., Cal.
Geo. Dahlbender & Co., Edwin W. Joy,
npilrrKT . Druggist and Analytical Chemist.
DRUGGISTS. - « , Cor California & Kearny Sts.. S. F..
214 Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal. Successor to L. R. Ellert.
Ferry Drug Co., H. G. Gerdes,
Cut-Rate Druggists, Druggist and Chemist,
. 8 Market St., San Francisco. r Deutsche Apotheke,
Cor, t-ine and Kearny Sis., S. F.
The Grant Drug Co., The Baldwin Phcy,
38 and 40 Third St., cor. Stevenson. 119 and 121 Ellis St.. Press Club Building.
Wakelee and Company,
Under Occidental Hotel, Bush and Montgomery Sts. Branch, Sutter and Polk St*.
IIST O^KX^A-IsnD :
Osgood Bros., | Owl Drug Co.,
The Drug Cutters, Broadway, cor. Tenth,
852, 854. 856, 858 Broadway, cor. 7th. x
Polite attendants will be on hand to answer all questions. Everybody is In-
vited to give the inhaler a free trial. You are welcome to a treatment whether
you purchase or not. .
Munyon's Homeopathic Remedies.
This company has prepared separate specifics for all diseases, which are sold
by 'all druggists. Each remedy Is so labeled there can be no mistake. With
them every mother can become the family doctor.
I will guarantee that my Rheumatism Cure will cure rheumatism in a few
hours- that my Dyspepsia Cure will cure any case of indigestion or stomach
trouble- that 90 per cent of kidney complaints, including Blight's disease, can be
cured with my Kidney Cure; that nervous afflictions and diseases of the heart are
controlled and cured by my Nerve and Heart Cure. 57 cures for 57 ailments.
Every druggist sells them— mostly 25 cents a vial. Medical advice by mail abso-
lutely free. 1505 Arch street. Philadelphia.
of the defense" caused Mr. Lusk to lose
bis temper. He started to dictate a state
in. -nt to the court reporter, but was
stopped and the Jinlse ordered the jury
to be taken to his chambers by the
Sheriff.
Attorney Lusk then said flatly that the
defense claimed and believed the note of
be a forgery, forged hy and with th<
sent of tho plaintiff, and that L. S. Meg
! ginson was a party to it. Attorney John
son denounced the statement as cowardly
and asked that it be stricken from the
record. This was not done.
Gawn Murdock, husband of the plaint
iff, was culled by the defense and asked
as to whether certain property assessed
; to him In the years K33 to 1577 was part
nership property of himself and father.
He answered "Yes."
Attorney L,usk said that in all proba
bility the" defense would rest to-morrow.
!If so it is believed arguments will be
i commenced the latter part of this week.
MARGUERITE LINDLEY,
ENEMY OF KISSING
CLEVELAND, 0.. May B.—Marguer
ite Lindley. the enemy of kissing, is
here from New York to attend the In
ternational Woman's Health Protective
League. Miss Lindley says kissing is
extremely dangerous to public health.
i She said many New York papers had
i misquoted her in the discussion of kiss
' ing.
'I did not say I had never been
kissed, as there was no occasion for
such a remark," smilingly said Miss
Lindley. "The papers say I am in favor
of the passage of a law to prohibit kiss
ing, which is absurd, of course, and
said I said in my address to the House
hold Economic Association in New York
I had never been kissed. They quoted
me as saying I had never let any one
kiss me, and that I should not let any
one if he tried. It is true I believe kiss
ing Is dangerous. A friendly grasp of
the hand is enough for me, but I never
said I had never been kissed."
♦VICHY IS HEALTHFUL ! 8
° 91 A Natural Mineral Water %
O with medicinal qualities 6
9 J9L or Indigestion and p
6 4^^L Stomach Disorders, o
I 'Jnmk So-called VICHY I
o !**|jj B IN SIPHONS 5
Ip^n ISNOT ¥JCHYi
o^l^pl Get the Genuine £
i^S W"iUflT
% A. VICNIER. Distributing Agent *
♦O*o*o'*o'j'o^o«>o^o«o»o<i>o*o*o*
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation. •
Price Jl a bottle. For tale by druggists. .
Wilt's Indian Vmetalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have -used them for forty rears to cur*
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION, .Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach, Ptof
■ pies and purity th« blood.
34
AN OPEN LETTER
CALLS A BLUFF
OF HUNTINGTON
Senator Boyce
Addresses the
Magnate.
A Southern Pacific
Scheme to Obtain
Rights of Way Is
Exposed.
AN open letter froi nator
John J. Boyce of Santa Barbara
P. Huntlngton will be read
and n-iish.'-i by Californiam
who are familiar with the tac
tics of the Southern Pacific. Following
f the letter:
Santa Barbara, Cal., M :■ 1 1899
■ C. P. Huntington, President South
ern Pacific Company. Union Trust >
Ing, S sco, Cal. Ms I'• ar Mr.
■.: 1 cannot refrain from ad-
dressing you in
terms of endear
ment, after being re
freshed by your val
uable communica
tion in the Santa
Barbara Morning
Pre.^s of this date,
addressed to my es
teemed townsman.
Mr. Edward Ivison,
bearing late San
Francisco, Cal." May
2. 1599, in which you,
in accordance with
your customary
methods, attempt to
make a "grand
Muff" on the citizens
of Santa Barbara,
,■ HI pled W Ith a
what
: . ■ will be
jenator J. J. Boyce
mty rally
It is ■ your
■
waii ■
mchi
■
■
way
Barbara," ami
I very mu<- . t, as 1 have
trouble I 'his work
With a nonchalance that is delightful,
you think: "It seems so strange • • •
that we should find our progress hindered
by opposition to our getting the right of
way through properties that He In the 1
line of our route."' and in that charming |
manner of yours you affect to be as- \
tonished at this condition, hen, as I
everybody ought to be able to see. the
completing of this important gap will be
very much more to the Interest of the ''
people along the line of our road than it
can be to the owners and builders of the
road. \W do not expect to get even fair ,
returns for: the Investment we are mak- :
Ing in building this new road for years to '■
come." You also add in your letter th' !
Belf-evldent truth, which has long been j
apparent to every intelligent citizen of !
this State. "Undoubtedly considerable I
business which will go over the now coast
"line will be business actually taken from I
th*» old line up the valley, as the new line
will have some advantages over the
other." .
a fti r unburdening
tie real pui pose "f \ our
nounced in the following
■-v language: "
■
within a r< nal THE WORK
WUA. BE STOPPED
my ■■■■ i shall 1»- in favor m
matter forthwith into I
- In ord< r uired
rights .if way." You then covertly intro
•he "bogle man" ami endeavor to
terrorize the good citizens .>t' Santa Har
with an attempt to portraj
agonizing wait thai will be Inflicted upon
this community by the 1;. . and
kindly add: "1 wish to saj here tl
your people want this road you sh luld be
stir yourselves i i all
• • uction are removed
as rapidly as they well can
With that Christian magnanimity which |
has always characterized your public as
well as private life, you close your
with th'- following generous statement:
"We should be willing I SOME
THIN';" (.again l am forced to capitalize
this significant Anglo-Saxon nmini "for
the right of way. although as I have Indi
man who ■
which the road will need t<> traverse will.
in my opinion, ■ ■ <! by the pres-
I tenfold what the build
■:d owners of Th. road will be
through their outlay in completing it."
Now. Mr. Huntingdon, do you honestly
what >■ >ii
have stated? N.-xt. do you imagine "for '
one moment that, situated as this delight
ful and charming n-gi.in has so lone been,
■ .1 from the great arteries of trade
and travel, that the inhabitant.- and citi
zens thereof are as grasslike verdant as
beautiful hills which Burround Santa
Barba; the end of the rainy sea
son? I 1" you imagine that we believe that
you are building this railroad for our ;
• at the of your vast
wealth? I 'o you think for a moment that
we Imagine thai you have assumed for
"the white 'man's burden" and
itterapting to bring Into our midst
ts and bit Bsings of civilization? Are i
you bestowing upon us a gratuitous bless
ing for which we must fed forever grate
ful?
Having some personal knowledge r) f the
oonduct and history ..f thr- corporation
which you represent in its dealings with;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Blood Cure Sent Free
A Free Trial Treatment Sent Privately by Mail to All Who
Suffer.
A Remarkable Remedy for a Terrible Affliction — The Cure Is
Permanent,
A free trial treatment is being s^-nt out I
by tile State Medical Institute in ordei j
to demonstrate the fact that the most
horrible of all diseases can be cured.
There is a good deal of controversy over >
this subject amc who declare the
disease incurable, but the facts are in-
dubitable and must be acknowledged. The
action of this new remedy is peculiar. The
physician In charge of the Institute has
had a long and varied experience treating
this disease of the blood, and about two
yean bifb, after a long series of experi-
ments he found the exact specific that
offsets the poiKon. renders it lifeless and
eliminate it from the body. Having per-
•sonallv examined many hundreds of cases
and familiarized "Himself with every de-
tail of the disease, bis discovery came
naturally and has never failed him. One
of his recent cures was a most hopeless
ense the diseas.- having caused the hair
to fall out and the body was one mass of
Diitrescent sores, boils, blotches and un-
Pightlv disfigurements. In ten days the
entire outer skin was healed and there
the citizens of this region I want to call
your attention to some matters which at
this writing occur to my mind.
Are you aware of the fact that your cor
poration was freely given substantial
rights and privileges by our citizens? when
the railroad was first built in this region
in 18S7?
Were you ever informed that the Com
mon Council of the city of Santa Barbara
bestowed upon your corporation without a
dollar's expense one of the city plazas,
situated near your freight depot in Santa
Barbara, which afforded you terminal fa
cilities, the purchase of which would have
cost you many of your good American
dollars?
You are doubtless aware that what is
known here as the Citizens' Right of Way
Committee procured for your corporation
and freely bestowed upon it the right
of way extending, with a few trivial ex
ceptions, continuously from near the city
of Santa Barbara to the northern limits
of this county, a distance of seventy or
eighty miles, absolutely free of charge
upon .1 promise distinctly entered into by
your corporation about the year ISB7 that
the railroad would be completed up the
coast and Santa Barbara would have the
advantages of a direct and shorter route
to the city of San Francisco within a com
paratively brief time— l think two years
was the limit set by the directors of your
corporation.
Are you aware of the fact that your cor
poration is now running its daily trains
over at least two strips of land within
my own knowledge for which the repre
sentatives of the railroad agreed to pay
the owners the price of $40 per acre and
for several years past that promise has
not •en fulfilled?
Do not imagine, Mr. Huntington, that
the citizens of Santa Barbara who think
for themselves attach any value to your
threat of a suspension of the work. Those
of us who have observed the "signs of
the times" know full well that your pur
pose is, or ought to be, to complete the
coast line as expeditiously as possible in
order to reduce your fixed charges and
cost of hauling by taking advantage of
the more direct line, which in gradiance
and natural features will permit you to
haul freight from Los Angeles by the
coast at a much less cost to the corpora
tion than you are now hauling it over the
almost prohibitive grades at the Tehacha
pi. We also believe that the contract en
tered Info by your corporation and the
Santa Fe system, by which the common
use of both roads of the track from Mo-
Jave to Bakersfleld is to be maintained in
accordance with the traffic carried over
it by each, means when Interpreted that
as ion as you have completed the more
economical and natural highway upon the
"new coast line" that you will abandon
all use of the mountain section on what
is now known as "the old line up the
valley," and leave your friends from Bos
ton to foot up the bills for the permanent
maintenance of that' track, so that the
profits of your own corporation may be
thereby prudently and judiciously in
creased.
Believing thai tins.- truths must abso
lutely control your conduct in tin- man
agement of the vast system which you
have so successfully developed do not
think our citiz< - that any action
of theirs in maintaining their rljrhts and
nting your corporation from having
i;s own way in ali things, will force you
t.. commit the fundamental error of aban
g ili,' completion of the gap after :i!l
financial arrangements have been com-
I biriiliiiK contracts entered into
by your corporation with thosi who are
railroad now in course of
construction.
In conclusion I desire to express to you
my personal thanks for this opportunity
expt ise your unhappily con
ceived "bluff." At the risk of alluding to
 eel with which you may not be en
miliar I cannot refrain from
stating that in the language of the green
■ k< r players, who are gr--at
rs, are so economically constructed
In theii mentality that -they never over
look a whit.- chip. Very respectfully
JOHN' J. B< >YCE.
THE POPE WORKS HARD.
How the Supreme Pontiff Passes Each
Day at the Vatican.
Rome. May -. 1899. 'Si" Cable.)
Pope leo : ; an early riser, and by that
I mean a man who is out of bed and at
work at ," ..'clock in the morning-. He
a light breakfast— a little very
weak coffee with plenty of milk, and a j
piece of br^ad. He works, reading or
writing, and receives some visits, until 1
lunch time. In the afternoon he takes
walk, and when in ordinary health
sp.-mls some time In the gardens of the j
Vatican; then he returns to his an**rt- j
ment, where Ik- says his rosary. He may j
then receive a ,few visitors, after which
he takes a nap and dines. At in p. m. he
reads the newspapers and then retires
f.>r the night. The Pope thus really >
works all day long, and latterly he has
n nourishment four or five times a
bui always "f a light character— a |
little tTKat. soups, bouillon, a trlass or two
..: Mariani wine and a good deal of milk,
which forms the larger part of his .li. t.
During his recent illness verj little med
icine was given him: the physicians re
lied principally upon rest, nourishment
and stimulants every now and then, but |
always in small quantities.
Tin' Pope's nervous energy, as already
. in a previous letter, is something
remarltabie in one of his advanced years,
:,:.<\ when he comes out of his apart- 1
ment he almost runs— walking so fast
that his attendants can hardly keep up
with him.
When he is to be carried in state into )
the Sistine Chapel, to attend or preside
at any ceremony, the clanking of the
sabers of the noble guard on the marble
floors .an be heard a long distance ..IT.
and several minutes before th. procession
reaches the chapel. The Pope, it seems,
although sleeping well and enjoying his
afternoon nap. which he takes every day.
not sleep so much at. night, during
which he may get Up several times, and .
even go to work.
May Have Been Poisoned.
A irirkii supposed tn he Thomas O'Neil.
a farmer frnm Santa (Mara County" was
fooind in a dying condition in a lodging
at 841 < 'lay street yesterday after
noon. He was taken to the Receivinir
Hospital, where he died in a short time.
Dr. Maner, who attended him. was of
the opinion that the man had been
Sotsoned The body was taken to th f
forgue, where an autopsy performed by
I>r. Zabala showed symptoms of alcohol
ism. The stomach was removed and an
analysis of it? contents will be made.
was noticeable improvement in all other
respects. A brief continuation of the rem-
i dy brought about a radical cure
The free trial treatment has saved a
great many who otherwise were doomed
to early destruction, and it was this ob-
ject which induced the institute to make
the offer, in all canes where the sores
have become characteristic of the disease
the sufferer fully realties the name and
nature of his or her affliction, but a great
many who have inherited the disease or
who have recently contracted it should
ask the institute for their 44-page hook
describing fully the disease and also ex-
plaining the Action of their new remedy
Siiilide. Send your name and address to
the State Medical Institute, 148 ' Bass
Mock. Port Wayne, Ind.. and they will
forward, prepaid, a free trial treatment
that will bring to the sufferer such won-
derful relief, such an ecstatic feeling of
joy for the improvement shown as to ful-
ly compensate for the suffering and de-
spair that previous failure has caused
Write to-day without fall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1899.
WOULD GIVE DEWEY
A GRAND RECEPTION
ADMIRAL DEWEY is to be invited by the industrial and commercial
bodies of this city to return to his home in the San Fran
clsco, At n meeting of the Chamber of Commerce this afternoon a
resolution will be Introduced, and without doubt be passed, calling
upon all kindred organizations to join In the Invitation.
According to recent dispatches from Washington the hero of
Manila Bay is very likely to be called home as soon as the situation In the
Philippines will warrant his absence. It' would seem the most natural
course for him to take to make the return trip by way of this city, but for
some reason the chances are that he may go to New York in his flagship
Olympia via the Indian Ocean and the Suez canal. Whether this route Is of
his own selection or has been determined by the Secretary of the Navy is
not known. That San Francisco— in fact, the entire coast— desires to pay
tribute to the man who destroyed the Spanish fleet which a year ago was a
menace to. the entire West goes without saying, and none appreciate what
was done by Dewey more than those who had and have commercial interests
in the Pacific.
The first to make a move toward arranging for a reception fitting to the
man ami the occasion is the local Chamber of Commerce ami. as stated,
the matter will be taken up at to-day's meeting. "The stumbling block to
beginning the move," said Secretary Scott,' "is the lack jf knowledge as to
the correct course to nursue. It may be that the Secretary of the Navy
directs the route for the coming and going of the officers of the navy, and I
believe that Secretary Long reserves this right to himself, and it may be that
Dewey, being an admiral, will select his own route. If the latter is the case
it mi^it be taken as a slight to send any word to the Secretary of the Navy.
If. ot.^ihe other hand, Secretary Long is the right official to address with a
requeif that he favor the Pacific Coast by having Admiral Dewey come home
by this route lie might feel that he had been overlooked by having the mat
ter presented to Dewey first. While I cannot say what action the Chamber
of Commerce will take with the proposition it is a foregone conclusion to
my mind that the ball will be set in motion. The subject will likely take the
form of a resolution expressing our wishes and the appointment of a commit
-i • what the right course is to pursue. After that is ascertained we
will urge all commercial, industrial, social, fraternal and patriotic bodies in
general to co-operate with us to make the reception a success."
P. W. I'ohrmann, president of the Merchants' Association, stated that
as soon as the first move is made toward giving Admiral Dewey a reception
he will lay the matter before his association, feeling confident that this body
will heartily join in the move to make the admiral feel that his greal s< r
vices in ridding the waters of the Pacific of the Spanish fleet are fully ap
preciated. The project has been discussed in quite a number of organizations
and there. is but one sentiment— go ahead and the procession that will follow
will be the grandest that San Francisco lias ever seen. The Mayor of the
city, although not here at present, is heartily In the move. Intimate friends
state that he will gladly '.end hi« help and influence in extending as hearty
an invitation to the admiral as any one could desire.
DIVORCE LEWS WILL NOT
KEEP THIS COUPLE APART
THE stage and the clubs had a
pleasant little surprise yester
day, when a select few were l< i
Into the heart secrets <>f Miss
Grace Howard ami Guy l.c Roy
Kennedy. Though the engagt men!
came a a surprise, It was not alto
geth< r unexpected. TTTe clvi) man and
the actress had been seen much tQ
g< thi r recently, and their ultimate
betrothal was looked upon by their
friends as a foregone conclusion.
The fair fiancee la th>» ex-wife of
William Dunphy, and was separated
from the man whose name she still
bears in private life last November.
The marriage of Dunphy and Miss
Howard was a most romantic one.
The young couple quietly, in June,
1897, Blipped down to San Jose,
Where they were wedded, returning
immediately after to their respective
homes in this city. Five months later
the news of their marriage was made
public. The union proved a most un
happy one. and in November. 1888,
the young wife was granted a divorce
on the ground of cruelty. Shortly
after her divorce Mrs. Dunphy adopt
ed the stage as a means of livelihood
and became at once a favorite smi
brette on the Alcazar boards. In the
role of the maid in "His Japanese
Wife," produced at the O'Farrell
■ playhouse last evening, Miss
Howard has doubtless scored the
BONDSMEN ARRESTED.
M. C. Hayes and P. McAran Indicted
by the Grand Jury.
M. C. Hayes and P. McAran were in
dicted by the Grand Jury yesterday for
perjury. They are iccused Of swearing
falsely to their qualifications as bonds
men in the case of Eddie Brooks, alias
"Australian Eddie." a noted pickpocket
Several months ago Brooks was dis
covered by Petectlve Tom Gibson in the
act of "working" a crowd in front of the
i Orpheum Theater. '
When he started to place him under ar
rest Brootts ran away, followed by the d< -
tective After a chase of several blocks
' Gibson' overhauled the pickpocket and
; too* him into custody. At the city Pris
on he was booked on the charge of grand
i larceny. , ,
The following day he was released on
bonds furnished by Hayes and McAran.
When Brooks' case was called in the
Police Court he was not present and a
bench warrant was issued for his arrest.
It developed a short time afterward that,
evidently fearing he would be held to
answer for his crime, ho left the city,
presumably having gone East. On learn
ing that the bonds on which he was re
leased were worthless Chief Lees took
the matter before the Grand Jury. Yes
terday that body returned indictments
against Hayes and McAran.
Hayes was arrested last evening by De-
preatest success of her brief theat- £
rlcal career. +
Guy Kennedy, the happy groom-to- q
be, hat- quite as interesting a life a
Btory as the lady of his present /^
choice. .Mr. Kennedy ia a millionaire +
planter, with immense plantations on q
the Island of Tahiti. In addition to X
liis plantation Interests, he dials <x- q
tensively in pearls and is the financial ♦
head of the largest general merchan- Q
disc establishment in Tahiti. Although" ♦
all of Mr. Kennedy's business inter- 0
esta an- centered at Tahiti, he spends X
the greater portion of each year in
this City, and is a member of the Q
Bohemian and Pacific-Union clubs. ♦
Miss 1 Inwards divor'-t- is discounted (2
by a pleasant little affair of the same it
order now occupying the attention of *?
Mr. Kennedy. The planter and his q
wife for many years lived apart, with, -f
however, no thought of calline: the O
law In to meddle in their marital re-
lationship. Then Kennedy met the O
pretty actress, and the ties that *
bound him to the woman who bore ®
his name were found to l>e galling. *
The husband wanted hi.« freedom and O
advised his wife of the fact. Mrs. >•
Kennedy at once acquiesced, and the Q
resuli was a suit for divorce now >
pending in one of the southern coun- n
Ues. V
As soon as Kennedy is a free man n
Miss Howard and lie will leave for
Nevada, where they will be united <S
for better or for worse. i.
tectives Egan. Sllvey and Anthony and
locked up in tli,. City Prison. McAran
was subset ntly arrested, but released
on bonds. Hayes is an ex-polh nicer
baring been dismissed from the depart
ment about four years ago
Oscar Lewis Resigns.
Oscar Lewis, for a Inns time general
manager of the Manufacturers' an<i Pro
ducers 1 Association of California and a
former member of the legislature of
California', and for many years one of tht
prominent, iron manufacturers, has re
signed his position in connection with the
association in order to accept a position
in the Insurance business. Mr. Lewis'
resignation was presented at the last
meeting of the board of directors, to take
effect June 1. The board in accepting Ms
resignation passed a resolution express
ing its appreciation of his help as a manu
facturer and as an organizer of th^ asso
ciation in 18%. Mr. Lewis was ior years
a director of the Mechanics' Institute. He
was in the foundry business here, for
thirty years, and his acquaintance in the
city is very extensive. He is succeeded in
the association by Sugene Goodwin.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street. comer Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
STAMINA CAME
BACK WITH A
BUNCH OF SPEED
A Hard Horse to Beat
Yesterday.
ADOLPH SPRECKELS SECOND
FOUR FAVORITES TUMBLED
OVER AT OAKLAND.
May W Backed Off the Boards — Bam
boulia Led a Big Field of
Youngsters Over the Line.
Sly First Again.
On Saturday last, when the outside
public backed Stamina to beat Daisy F,
the Duke & Wishard colt made laborious
work of it and was downed in a gallop
by the mare. Yesterday this same out
side public spread its coin about on Cor
rigan's horse Adolph Spreckels at very
short odds to win the mile and a furlong
selling run, and Stamina disposed of him
like breaking eggs. The one thing t'> !>•
regretted was that Dasiy F was not again
a starter. The winner to all appearances
received no great amount of backing
here, going to the post at odds of 7 to 2.
There is an apparent paucity of coin in
the ring, the ten pencilera not being over
whelmed with business. Festoso and May
W were the only winning favorites.
Johnny Reiff carried off the saddle hon
ors by piloting three horses past the wire
in front.
Dcvereux. the Puryear P Colt which
cleverly defeated a big field on Thursday
last, was made favorite for tho opening
two-year-old scramble, and though put
ting up a good race was beaten l>y two.
Bamboulia', away well, led throughout,
beating the fast coming Rachel C a
length, stepping off the five furlongs in
1:02%.
The favorite Festoso. with Jenkins in
the saddle, was successful in the five and
a half furlong dash following. Catching
Solstice less than a sixteenth from home,
the Wildidle colt won by a couple of
lengths. Pompino, backed from 15 to 8,
finished third.
Marcelles, a handsome looking mare by
Morello-Mercedes, entered by Earnshaw
I>n>s.. was Installed equal favorite with
Catastrophe for the maiden race. She
made a pood .showing for tho tlrst time
at the harrier, hut was beaten somewhat
handily by Sleepy Jane, the third choice.
Catastrophe ran third.
'I 1,.- fifth number, a six furlong sprint.
prov«d only a romp for Sly. The mare
was second choice in the betting, and In
froni before the stretch was n eared, led
the favorite Alaria out with considerable
to spare. Horatio finished a head before
The Pretter for third place honors.
May W came out in the closing seven
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Monday, May 8, 1899. — Seventy-seventh
day of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
lOQ'"""* FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
4m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
1083 ' Bamboulia 11013 ... 12 12 ... 11 J. Reiff j 4 4
(980) Rachel C 107 6 ... 8 1 Si ... 2 1 Ruiz 5-2 7-2
(1078) Devereux 110 4 ... 2 1 2 1 ... 3 2 Jenkins 1 5-2 3
1083 Flush of Gold 107 8 .... 6li 4 1 ... 4 1 Cole.. | 3 7-2
1000 Aborigine lon 7 ... 4 4 3 4 •■• s' h IMcNichots ... 50 '50
1024 Bathos lis 1 ... 72 9 ... 6h iDingley 6 10
1036 in- Scot 100 9 ... 92 71 ... 73 IKellas 50 100
1036 Tom Sharkey 10215 ... 5 4 6 1 ... 8 2 W. Narvaez. 15 20
1049 Racetto I'M 2 ... 2h 5 1 ... 9 4 Col, urn 10 20
1078 Herald! 100 10 ... 11 10 ... 10 2 W. See 60 60
... Royal -Bengal 110 12 ... 12 12 ... 11 (Wainright .... 50 60
927 Tizona l"3 11 ... 10 h 11 12 |Macklin j 20 60
Time -'j. :24%; %, :36%; •'», 1:024. Winner, G. W. Berry's b. c. by Puryear D-Lista
Hock. Good start. Won first three driving.
The start helped winner. Rachel C badly ridden. Devereux ran his race. Aborigine
will bear watching. Bathos slipped his headstall.
Scratched— Klckumbob 103, Flamora 120.
IOQA SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Betting.
Op. CI.
(1071) Festoso 11712 ... 314 314 •-• 12 Jenkins I 5 5-2
1080 Solstice 10717 ... 4h lh ... 214 Ames J 5 _
1066 Pompino 11l 5 ... 9 1 SI ... 3 4 'Mover 10 8
1071 "Varuha 114 in .... 10 7 4 ■•• 4 3 iDingley 5 6
107" Watossa 11414 ... 5 1 6 1 ... 5 h Johnson in 30
1071 Somis 109 6 ... 7h in 1 ... 6h Ruiz 10 12
1067 Earl Islington 115 9 ... 814 5 4 ••• " 1 Robertson .... 30 6»
1070 C H. Harrison Jr.. 114 8 ... 64 9 2 ... 8 3 Meany 7-2 8
992 Cleodora 107IU ... 11 11 ... • 9 6 Dietro ! 30 100
29 Panimtnt 112 3 ... 1 14 2h ... 10 Piggott .'. 8-5 5
1052 Nora Ives 112 12 ... 12 12 ... 11 W. Narvaez.. 10 20
1071 Elizabeth R 1121 1 ... 2 h » ... Macklin j 4 7
•Broke down.
Time— 3-16, :19; 7-16, -.43; 54 furlongs, 1:094. Winner, J. Naglee Burkes eh. c. by Wild-
Idle- Vedette. Good start. Won first three driving.
Pestoso well handled and probably best. Solstice fell short when the pinch. came. Pom-
pino a warm tip. Yaruba ran a fine race. He finished strong. Panimint may improve.
Elizabeth R cut down.
Scratched— Bland 112. Peter Weber 114. Racebud 112, Limatus 107. El Estro 112.
ITICsT THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward-
I ""Jit/ C • purse, 8800.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
.. Std. Vim.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Betting.
Op. CI.
1
1094 Stamina. 3 101 1
(1061) Ad. Spreckels, 5 — 1161 3
1061 Meropa, 3 9614
1084 I iBCUro, 5 1101 2
1 %'
3 34
2 n
4
1 14
3 4.
2 h
_4
11
3 8
2 n
_4
1 24
3 15
2 4 '
4
1 3
3 20
2 4
4
1 4 [J. Reiff 1 3
2 4 Piggott 3-5
320 McNichols ... 2
4 |W. See j [00
7-°
2-5
9-2
100
Tlme-4, :134; %. :35%; %. 1:04%; %, 1:304; mile, 1:424; 14 miles. 1:55. Winner Duke
& Wishard's eh. c. by imp. Great Tom-Endurance. Good start. Won very easily' Sec-
ond easily. Third driving. : .-'-..
Stamina .made the others think he was hard to catch. He skipped around the elliptic
like a buzz-saw. Merops has gone back. ■
ir»OQ FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
lUtlO. purse. $400. -
maiden
four-year-olds
and
upward ;
Index. Horse. Age. Walght.
4m.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
1058 Sleepy Jane, 5 103 4 ... 1 4 114 13 12 Steward 3 o■>
... Marcelles. 4\. 100; 6 ... 54 »4 3 1 Hi ißasstnger .... 2 2
1067 Catastrophe, 5 102 ; 7 : .... 7-4 44 4 4 3 6 (Ruiz . "70 £;•
977 Rio Glenn, 4 102 8 ... 62 61 21 ,45 Jenkins '.'.'.'." 1 7
1085 Nuncomar, 5 102 1 0 ... 2 4 24 54 5 4 J. Reiff " * A
744 Averlne. 4 100 ! 9 ... ft 1 7 4 6 1 64" lHaslett " in 19
1092 Paul Kruger. 4 105 1 ... 910 81 71 74 IFallehy in 10
1085 Cyaro, 4 102 3 ... .4 2 9 6 92' 84 w Narvaez '«*- 15 ' £
1090 Lome. 5 10612 ... 3 4 3 4 8 1 91 ! Arap, J]? ?S
1076 The. Plunger, 5 .102110 ... 10 10 10 10 |persico"**"'*' 12 25
Tlme-4. =25%; 4. ;W%;«.%; 1:16%. Winner. J. S. Gibson's eh. m. by St Carlo-Czlrin*.
Good start. Won first three driving. . yau - arlo carina.
Winner was best. Marcelles will improve. Catastrophe weakly ridden. Rio Glenn ran
well to stretch and then stopped under punishment. Others no account r.. n ran
Scratched— Henry C 105.
1099. FIFTH RACE - Slx furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. CI.
1087 Sly, 5 , -.1131 a '"" 2 1 214 14,14 Jenkins" 5-2 3
(956) Alarla. 3 93: 8 ... 5h 6 4 4 4 2n? J Reiff 1 S|"
10-7 Horatio, 5 112 1 ... 31, 3 4 2 4 3 h Glover 7-2 M
(1068) The Fretter, 3...:. .100 ... 7 1 51 5 1 4 £ McNichols""* ? 8 15
1088 Genua. 3 .'. 95 2 ... 1 4 11% 3 4 5 2 Coburn f 6 8
(1075) Widow Jones. 5 107 7 ... 6 4 4 1 6 2 6 3 Macklin 5 10
1087 Highland Ball, 4... 112 11 . ... 4h 7 1 72. 7 2 Holmes ! 10 8
920 El Salado. 4 107 8 ... - 9 2 9 ' .8 4* 8 3 Ame, ." 8 15
1066 Sir Crian. 3 97 6 ... 10 in 9 9 ißellas 130 SO
(1046) Aluminum. 4 .......107 5 ... 8 1 8 1 10 10 J Ward....... 10 40
1087 Pelxotto, 6 11l 1 10 ... 11 n  v n ; llett ."'i: Yl5 15
Tlme-V 4 -.24%: 4. _ :49%; 1:14% Winner. D. M. Hanlon's b. m. by Racine-Aureila 11.
Good start. Won easily. Second And third driving
Sly is rightly named Alaria pocketed to stretch. She ran a grand race. Horatio cut
off. in stretch. Highland Ball had a rough trip. El Salado no speed. Pelxotto ridden by
a lumberman. , ■'
Scratched— Mocorlto 105. Valenclenne 105. February 107 Magnus 107.
, — ! *-■
linQ SIXTH RACE-Seven furlongs; r four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
846 May W. 5...........
1088 Rosormonde. 4 ....'.:
(1082) La Ooleta. 4 :
1063 Castake, 4 '
1074 Storm King, 5.:....
1079 Our Johnny, 5.. , . .'.:
846 May W. 5., 102] 4 314 2 3 2 4 224 1 h U. Reiff 5-2 1
1088 Rosormonde. 4 .....107 3 -11- 124 13 .12 26 Jenkins | 5-2 3
1082) La Ooleta, 4 107 5 .5.5 31 35 33 Ames 8-5 4
1063 Castake, 4 102 1 24 34 41 42 43 McNichols ... 8 30
1074 Storm King, 6..'.. 1071 2 414 4 1 5 5 5 W. Narvaez.. 1 5 7
1079 Our Johnny, 5...... 107] * ...-■' ... ... ... ... 'Hahn * 100 •>,-„)
! *
I 3
I 5
1 1
j •
3 14
-11-
-5 :
' 24
4 14
2 3
1 24 •
5
3 4
4 1
2 4
13.
3 1
4 I>-
-5
2 24
1 2
3 5
4 2
5
1 h
2 6
3 3
4 3
5
J. Reiff
Jenkins |
Ames I
McNichols ...
W. Narvaez.. 1
Hahn |
■ 'Lett. ,■ • - : — " ~~
.". Time— 4,, :134; %. :374: %. 1:02; %. 1:28%. Winner, D. Cameron's b. m. by imp. Eagle
Plume-Frolla. Good start. Won first three driving. *
May W won cleverly the last forty yards. La Goleta Is not showing her true form
Scratched— Bernardlllo 104, Vishun 107, Rey del Tlerra 114, Mary Black 107, Outright 104.
Socialist 109.  ° '
furlong event, after a lone rest, and was
backed off the boards. After a mild duel
with Rosormonde, the Calgary wonder de
feated J. Naglee Burkes mare a head in
1:28%-
Track Notes.
The get of Puryear D, one of the Napa
Stock Farm stallions, are showing to
splendid advantage of late. In the two
year-old event Bamboulia and Devereux,
both sons of the stallion named, finished
first and third respectively. Pompino,
which ran third in the event following,
is another of his get.
The bookmakers experienced such
squally weather last week that but ten
cut in yesterday.
Dr. Rowell's filly Elizabeth R was SO
badly cut down that she will be retired
for breeding purposes.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race—Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
maidens.
ions Expedient 115 1078 Hindoo Princ's.los
1041 Juletto 105 1078 Pythia 115
1000 Giga 115 107S Orpimont 105
107S Tanobe 115 1078 Pruidess 11
--613 March Seven.,.l')a 987 Tree Jolie 108
1034 Ovando 105 ...St. Casimir IU,
... Oriva 115 107S Honor bright..loa
... Atelog 116
Second Race—One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
1083 MrFarlane 113: 1093 New Moon 11l
10S4 Naranja 1111 1060 Coda HI
1054 Vna Colorado..ml 1092 P. A. FinneKanlls!
<fft7)Fortiß 93| 10S4 Bonito 105
(1092) Rapid 113 10S4 Cabrillo US
1086 Gilberto n. 1092 Tempo 112
1071 San Augustine. 931
Third Race—Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling
10S.1" Anchored 112- W'fl Earl Islington.ll2
968 Bland 112 - 1096 Fomplno 10!*
1055 El Estro 107 ' 1090 Sylvan L&85....107
■ 1096 Panlmint 112 47ri The Offertagf...lo7
109 D Alhaja 107 HOSWAnttoch M:>
1071 Rarebud 107 WO- Lothian l'J!»
1086 Nllgar 112!
Fourth Race—One mile; four-year-olds and
upward.
1023 Mary 81ack....W5 (KWODaisy F 103
(1069)Rosinante 109j 1025 San Venado....Uo
1100 Our Juhnny....ll4l 1082 Itnp.^-Ifitral 11. 114
Fifth Race—Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward.
10S4 Shellac 107 1062 Rey del Tierra.ll4 |
10(14 Ricardo 11l 106". Oahu 107
1099 Pelxotto 11l 955 Rubicon 11l
1074 Torslda W7| 1065 Defender 11l
1061 Alvero I i 1
Sixth Race—Seven furlongs; three-ypar-olds; j
handicap.
(1068)AUyar 110] lt*S Olinthus' ..
(1033)Horton 96 1088 Tony LiteU-l
IOCS Hohenzollfrn .. 92 1081 Los Medanos... ■_
(1099)51y 97 1087 Mocorlto 55
1099 Highland Ball. 901 1079 Sardonic SO
Selections for To-Day.
Fir;n Race—Pythia, Giga. Tanobe.
Second Race—Cabrillo, Tempo, Forti;-.
Third Race—Racebud. El Estro, Panimint.
Fourth Race—Daisy F, Mary Black, Rosin- j
ante.
Fifth Race—Rubier,n, R*-y del Tlerra, Peix
otto.
Sixth Race— Morton. Ailyar, Highland Ball.
Cause of Delayed Mails.
Postmaster Montague desires to c;ill thp
attention of the business public generally
to the fact that the numbfr of letters
thai miss the mails by reason of b< ing
posted late runs Into the thousands'. Mer
chants are prone to wait until the last
moment, to mail their correspondence and
therefore send their letters to tin- drop
at station l> at th<- ferry. The drop let
ters cause all the trouble. On an average
2000 letters which should go on the f> p. m.
trains ar.> Left over, 3000 on the 5:30 o'clock
train and between 6000 and 7000 on tin G
o'clock train. Merchants are requested
to mail th> ir letters In the boxes as soon
as written and not to depend on the drop
box at the Market Btreet ferries.
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
£mmm
.
Jjfftt^F I *° ~*
SIGK HEADAGHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
; They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
! ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
| Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
: Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill, Small Dose.
Small Price. .
..ia_^__f Jiff A: ' i^-_ysf <V** *^
* -■ — - — __sc : - • 7 "___!- -^ w
SECOND SUCCESSFUL. TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OP
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERT ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient live*
| In an atmosphere that positively kills the
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to th«
weakening night sweats and cough. Temper*-
-1 ture falls to normal, and four weeks' treat-
ment invariably increases weight from, six to
twenty pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
: Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
| diet great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
I Im- Not Im-
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
_______ ___i j i
Ist Stage.. MM 8 0 M
M Stage.. 26 11 » > M
i Sd 6tage.. JO I 11 15 » l
i'" l , !
' The Sanatorium Is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co.. practicing tb»
I Antiseptic Germlcial Inhalation treatment for
' diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
! physicians and nurses are in attendance. Th»
; ! Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
' ' ■team and open fires. The rooms — over 100 la
i number— are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
i nlEhed. Many suites have private baths,
i I The Sanatorium is delightfully located, nln»
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
■ liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars together with our pamphlet, containing
i views of th« Sanatorium and surroundings and
I cur methods of treatment, will be mailed fre«
I on application.
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel. Cal.
! Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the ,
Drink Habit. Nervousness and Melancholy caused J
by strong drink. r
Wt. <,l AHAVTF.F. FOl'R BOXES
to cure any case with a positive writ ton guar-
antee or refund the money, and to destroy the
. appetite for Intoxicating liquors. - '
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
tTOfIUC riDI-!!/ <•»««<"« MlKerj-. Poverty
3inUnD Ufllllr* and Death. Upon receipt
it slo.oo Tra will mall you four [4] boxes and posl-
ive '-»ri«»en raaranto« to cure or refund ■
-ii"-' ■ .. i Sine'« • -'00.
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Bole Acts..
»4 Kearny st.. San Francisco.
i|P3Sli SPALDING
<I§l LEAGUEpIV official
$g3^l> LEAGUE
i ____<§' (I'*!!?"''':-' 1 must be used in
- '^SSSSit I '"' l .' j''">L-- ' a " Kamps to have
*^^^sB_GS>'i "' '' "l^r : - them accepted as
■^^§S*H '^gSSS? official. Each ball
~ ;s^ warranted.
ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTtS.
If a dealer does not carry Spalding's ath-'
letlc goods In stock, send your name and
address to us (and his. too) for a copy of
our handsomely illustrated catalogue.
A. G. SPALDING & BROS.,
New York. Chicago. Denver.
SAN FRANCISCO.
"Wholesale Only.
35 NEW MONTGOMERY ST.
SWEET Use /^
RESTFUL Woqdbury's jg^flf>
SLEEP Facial Soap *%z^r
Follows a bath with WOODBURY'S Facial
Soap, and the face, neck and arms and hands
rendered beautifully white, soft and smooth
with WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. For sal*
everywhere. ■
I CLEVELAND bicycles!
ULLfLLHIIU $40 and $50
LEAVITT & BILL,
Open Every Evening. 309 Larkln St.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SDO WOT DE9PAIK ! Uo not Suf-
fer Longer I The Joy* and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. Tlie very
worsteases of Nervous Debility _ar»
abßolutelv cured by PERI'IXTO .
TAHLfeTN. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart vieor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give blooro to tha
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /-*T\younsr or old.
One We box renews vital energy. f__i_J« boxes at
t2._OacompleteKuar.intercl<Mire«r__»'ur mc ' >' re-
funded. Can be carried in vest > *m*' pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plnln wrapper on i-ecelpt of
V •>• t"" — : " '" '"•"•«, 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. B. T. and Oakland.
ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St., San Francisco 1
E^>S;ife^^2^l>ealers in Firearm*.
. __^^^^ "^ Fishinjj Tackle, and
pS*^- ■ Sporting Goods of IJvcry Oca.
criptton. ISi^nest Casb Price*
•aid for l?aw Furs.
Tents, Leggings and Camping Outfits.
•\ Send for Free Illustrated Catalogue.SAILING SHIP
FITTED WITH A
FREEZING PLANT
Roderick Dhu to Carry
a Refrigerator.
AN INNOVATION IN SHIPPING
ALL KINDS OF DELICACIES TO BE
CARRIED BY SAIL.
— ♦
Many Changs Pending on the Water
Front — Wharfingers and Col
lectirs Will Lose Their
Places. *
clipper bark Roderick
Htted with a cold storage
w hen completed Bhe will be the
H. ever < quipped In such
tmmercial purposes,
lerick Dhu is a regular
: Ico and Hilo, 11. I.
r master are great fa>
i avellng public and the vessel's
s are taxed to i
■- That Is
' : - • plan! i< !>••; .
ark. Another and the principal
• n the planters want all tl i
the « a.if irnia market. They
■
■ :. and poultry
there will be fr< sh butter and
■ i irk< t will ko to Hilo in th< R
ezlng chamber.
When c impleted the fi imber
will : ty of 75 ton: The
: the ship will not l>.'
• would
- • .■ :
• • xpenses too heavy
■ - 3to ; ;■;:; in
This can bi run
without skilled labor
and w ■ ■ purposes of a don-
I
trip fr.>m the Islands tho
will bring all kinds .if
veg< tabl< s. i lie for-
I the year round, but
•'■'■■ br iugl ■
ths. in this w
ke green peas, string
tiful in Califor
■
-. Dhu
• coffee lands around Mil"
■
ider i hree Lge will
m ■ planted with su-
A ugar plantations
w ind coffee has to take a back
wharfingers and col-
I iring
■ rday and
■'. all expires to
■
■ ■•)) May 21, J. S v. .
: ■
x Stafford at Jackson
■ • Gor
•■: ' ■■■ at Folsom. and Harry S
Miss n June 27 Th< i
- and Hyslop
immissioner Herold
■ ! n lev. Wiggins
b> Commiss
! by Nash and
■ Kilburn. T
nts for the various
; the wirepulling Is •.
\ which arrived from
Phort time ago, is to be
•or Hongkong. Th. re
much sun ' • aners
t thei will be pi nty of
81 David.
I ransport Sherman
m street wharf yesterday
- quickly
- a return trip to M
The men from the Grant were landed by
the si ' Dowell and that transport
morning. The
work of loading tennial Is going
and that transport should get
this week.
• • un< r i 'it y i,f
i for Panama and way ports
rday with a i >, but few
ROANOAKE HERE.
Arrives From Manila With
Twenty-Nine Discharged
Soliiers.
The Unit transport Rnannake
arrived yesterday afternoon, twenty-eight
days from Manila, via Nagasaki. The
had an uneventful voyage and had
ard twenty-nine discharged privates
non-coinmissloned officers. B<
• v. re two stowaways and two
work • c of the latter was J. a
Miller, quarten I the Olympla,
who hap been on the Asiatic Btatlon fur
st nine years. When his time •\
--■ ■:• on the Sherman to Naga
saki with $600, from which he was soon
He worked his way back and
will enlist again immediately and return
i Mai
persona] effects of M. J. Krayen
buli. ;n officer ..n General Mac Arthur's
staff, w< re on board. Kreyenbull was
killed during the advance on Malolos by
In the Btomach.
The transport brought l'ni sacks of mail
small quantity of personal b<
tain Kids ton stated that rough
i r was experli need through the
and for five days after leaVing
:ki. When the Roanoake was about
es away from Manila on her voyage
■ she picked up a small boat
Ining <-ii;h! Spanish prisoners who
From the insurgents. The
days without food or
and were nearly dead. They were
the < 'apt&ln of the Port at
v
Tin- passengers on the Roanoake were:
n A. \V. Kimhall. Assistant to
sportatlon Quartermaster Major Dc
v I, Clerk J. A. \\'-i!s. Transport Surgeon
. ' rraham, private,
/^Pk, irth Infantry.
following are from thp Eighteenth
Infantry: Quartermaster Sergeant A. Mc-
Gillivray, Companj 1, Theodore Wurm.
musician, who has seen twenty-six
of service and Is on Furlough; Cor
rk, 1 'ompany 1 '; Privates
.1 Fleming. Company H; .lames W.
Company E; H. Wallace, Company
irporal w. E. Dennis, Company E:
■ .: ! D Shy, Company B; Sergeant
P. ( '. Wooster, < lompany L.
Private H. Anderson, Company <";. First
rado Volunteers; If. M. Owen, Com
-1.. and K. S. Hart, ('omjxiny E,
Twenty-third Infantry; Corporal L. Rob
inson. Battery A. Utah Ughl Artillery;
Corporal \V. T. Dorm, Privates John T.
Wurtz, P. J. Fenton, H. H. Miller. EL I".
Brewer and J. P. Irwin, Company I,
Tenth Pennsylvania; Bergeani R. I>.
K.-irt. Company M. Kir^t Bouth Dakota
Volunteers; Corporal Chris NVvmann,
Battery 'i. Third Artillery; Sergeant M.
A. Fletcher. Troop L, and Private Charles
win. Troop 1), Fourth Cavalry, and
Arthur W. Smith. Company L, Montana
Volunteers, who ,ms private secretary
1 ral Eiarrisoi Gray < >tis.
m»;i were all in koo<l health and
in Muh terms < f the Rood treatment
which they received from the officers of
ptaln Kldston. First Mate
■\Yllllam Ferguson. I>r. Dingins. Purser <;.
T. Newcomb and Steward Thomas James.
In the Divorce Court.
Rol ■ \v. Doig waa granted a dl
■ • lay from j"s:>- K. Dolg on the
ground of desertion. Mr. Dolg w,i< ur
••1 pay (26 a month toward »h<- si;ji
l><>n of his minor child. Agnes C. Repi
• 11 has sued Robert Repiton u>r a dl
v alleging desertion ai a cause of
Fannie E. <>tt asks 'or a divorce
t: ni Frederick W. Ott on tJ.e ground of
failure to provide.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur ciipea. cloaks.
Credit. M. JHotlischllJ, 211 Slitter, rooms 6-7.
WILL SAIL THE
DEEP NO MORE
E. B. REYNOLDS, Pioneer Sea
Captain, Dies of Heart
Failure. ;
IN the death of Captain Edward B.Reynolds, which occurred yesterday '
morning at an early hour at his residence, 515 A Jones street. another well- '
known pioneer and character of the early days of California passed away. ;
Captain Reynolds died at •; o'clock, and while the cause of his death is '
directly attributed to heart failure, he had been in failing health for several '
months. '
Captain Reynolds had been a sea captain for over thirty years, and no sea- '
faring man was better known or more highly respected upon this coast than
the deceased. Last August he took the barkentine Kate Davenport with coal
for the Government to Honolulu, and while there he contracted malarial '
fever. He returned to San Francisco in October, and from that time he has [
been failing-. |
The deceased was born in Boston. Mass.. August 7. 1819. He came to \
California in 1549. Directly after arriving here he engaged in mining and was (
prominently Identified with the early history of the State, being one of the (
famous Vigilance Committee for the preservation of law and order. In. the (
early fifties Captain Reynolds entered the service of Meiggs & Gawley and i
ran between this city and Port Madison. While engaged In the transportation <
of lumber for this firm he established for himself a name for sobriety and (
ability that was very unusual among sea captains. A prominent pioneer <
said yesterday that he never heard of Captain Reynolds having used a pro- <
fane word. After Meiggs & Gawley failed Captain Reynolds entered the <
service of Renton & Holmes. In the service of this firm he sailed along the <
coast and often even to Honolulu and Australia. He remained in the service <
of the latter !irm until last fall, when his declining health forced him to (
retire. (
Captain Reynolds was a prominent member of the Society of Pioneers. (
He was also a prominent Mason and was a member of Golden Gate Lodge. (
In IS3I he married Harriet L. Hedges of Massachusetts, and he is survived <
by her and two children Edward 11. Reynolds of Seattle and Mrs. Mary (
B. Holmes of Adams, Mass. . (
The funeral will take place at 2 o'clock to-morrow from the Masonic <
Temple, and all the old Pioneers requested to attend and to wear the ■<
customary badge of mourning. When* the news of Captain Reynolds' death i
was reported at Pioneers' Hall the flag over the builfiing was placed at half- (
mast in his honor. • ■'.'.
MINISTERS MAKE A
PROTEST AGAINST VICE
WILL HOLD A MASS MEETING
SHORTLY.
Interesting Topics Discussed at the
Congregational, Methodist and
Presbyterian Ministerial
Unions.
■\\v th* undersigned ivi<=h to \
•h- flagrant abuse of our laws in the
- in our mi. Ist the keep
in dance balls, ;
tltutlon. gambling is. \i~>-s and th • slavery ol
ChlneF* girls f..r Immoral purpi
\v. propose t.> hold a meeting inHhe V. M.
C. a. building at an early .!at.- to unite all
people who are desirous ol sr.-ini; c
' tak>' ;--j«)i action as may
Be< m advisable under the circumstances.
The ah. iv- resolution was Introduced by
Rev. A. B. Ellis at the weekly meeting of
• rnal ministers yesterday
morning and was unanimously adopted
by that body. Rev. Dr. Willey, Rev. Dr.
Pond and Rev. Dr. Dickson were appoint
ed a committee to confer with ministers
of other denominations with a view to ar
- thi mass meeting.
K-'v. l >r. Goodell read an excellent paper
on "Ethics and Education." which was
afterward dicussed at length. He advo
cated a more definite teaching of ■■•■hies in
public schools and also called attention to
the fact that schools could make people
clever, not moral. He suggested that the
standard of morality contained In the
Bible should be taught in tDe public
schools.
The following officers were elected by
the Congregationalists to act during the
ensuing term: Preslden Rev. Sydney R.
yarrow; vice president. Rev. Alfred By
ley; secretary, Rev. F. 1. Wheat, and
treasurer. Rev. C. W, fond.
Al the Methodists' weekly meeting Rev.
Martlnu? Nelson read a paper on "How
Shall We Promote Greater Unity and
Harmony AmoiiK Preachers." The speak
er pointed out the best way to bring about
the desired object and made many good
suggestions to his brethren.
The ministers present also dicussed the
advisability of sending $250 to Bishop Tho
burn to aid him in carrying on the work
of Christianity at Manila.
H< v. E. A. Woods read n paper on "St.
Augustine, the Man and the Theologian,"
before the Presbyterian Ministers' union.
Hew 800 Hoo Nam Art presided ;it the
meeting, which was attended by a large
number of ministers. Key. O. C. Miller
made an appeal for Bibles for the sol
fller boys at the Presidio. H<- said there
were a number of recruits arriving in this
city and they needed spiritual attention.
SELF-MURDER.
Mrs. Mary Ryan, residing at T. Midway
street, took carbolic and last evening at
hpr home with Buicldal Intent. When her
deed was discovered she was taken to th«
Pacific Hospital, where all efforts to stay
i the lethal effects of the flniß proved un
availing, and She died several hours after
ward In most intense agony.
About three years ago Mrs. Ryan fell
and injured her head. Since then she has
developed symptoms of dementia and has
often acted strangely, it is supposed that
while laboring under some hallucination
she swallowed the acid. The body was
taken to the Morgue. Mrs. Ryan leaves
a husband to survive her.
A Cruel Stepmother.
A <..'• of extreme cruelty to ;i little
child was investigated yesterday by <»ffl
cer McMurray of the Boclety tor tho Pre
vention of Cruelty t<. Children. A num
ber >>f prople iivlnp near Brannan and
Fourth streets complained that the 14
--year-old child of Antonio Rrlseno was be
iiiK, beaten most brutalo by hci step
mother at their home, 906 Fourth btreet,
and that the abuse was very frequent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1899.
rhe child. Vena Briseno. substantiated
the <ttory and exhibited bruises to prove
the truth ol her assertion. On one of her
hands was a bad wound which she said
was caused by the woman stabbing h. t
with a fork. The officers of the society
will be likely to remove the kM and pos
sibly r-. iU y< the arrest of th.- parents
BrLseno has had trouble with the Boclety
before, and that body is now guardian
tor two of his children. May and Celia
Rosa M. Stack's Case.
The action of Rosa M. Stack against
the Board of Education for a writ of
mandate, compelling the board to rein
state her to her position in the depart
ment, went to trial before Judge Seawell
yesterday morning. The plaintiff claims
that she was illegally deprived of the
ri^ht to teach her class and was placed
on the unasslgned list. Since that time,
however, she lias been placed on the day
substitute list, but wishes her regular po
sition, which resulted in the suit being
Bled. Owing to a crowded calendar but
little progress was made yesterday and
the case will be again taken up to-day.
United States Court of Appeals.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals rendered tlr.ee opinions yesterday,
as follows: Travis Placer Mining Com
pany vs. James H. Mills, receiver, Dis
' triot of Montana, decree affirmed; A. Gar
rard v<. Silver l'.Mk Mining Company et
al., Esmeralda County, Nev., judgment
affirmed; James McElroy, British-Amter-
Ica Insurance Company of Toronto, Can
ada, District of the State of Washington,
judgment reversed and case remanded
for new trial.
Universal Brotherhood.
Th<n will be a meeting of the Universal
Brotherhood In Metropolitan Temple In
1 this city and at Hamilton Hall in Oak
land this evening, at both of which Kath
erine A. Tinghy will speak.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
' ©^©^©^©^©^i^®^^^®^©^®^©^®^®^®^®^©^®^®^®^©^®^®^?^®
*
I CURED BY DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. |
© "*"
.* jt&-*y*. When you have suffered for years from an affliction (*)
ttL^^fi^^S. J' ou begin to think there is no cure for you. This was -+ .
© <& •/^'*^Tv the opinion of thousands who have since been cured by («)
X T«4L/- Ivu 1 my U e 't. It stops naln very quickly, and often cures i
® Y§^V"'litw/ "A when pvr-rj-thlnK else has failed. 0
© f^W v Rheumatism, Indigestion, Catarrh.
■*• \W V <;/ \\ 2416 Sutter Street, i
0 y *. \1 U San Francisco, April 7, 1599. ii)
» yS"' V \A DEAR SIR: On May 31 last I purchased one of your 2.
A ' N. W Belts for rheumatism, indigestion and catarrh, hay- ,5
W f ing suffered with the same for twenty-flve years. After V
■♦" / experimenting with various medicines, etc., I found no +
(•) I > .-.^ -. \ relief until I tried your wonderful Belt. Within a week ©
4. » t-- 1 -^" -3»>\ A from first usinir it I Began to get relieved, and In three 4
-.> " 1 \^t% months was entirely cured, and have not been troubled (S)
~. 1 .•~^l since. I feel very grateful for what the Belt has X
X V a ~~~, ';•■ J done forme, and can cheerfully recommend it to all suf- J.
V '•'■-% \ J"v- <a ferers who are ailing as I was. Yours very sincerely,
ll».,^r^» %IT HAS A CURE IN EVERY TOWN, I
■^ PWH^k^JV- - ■'<• * ■ iLL^SSS&i ■' -31 Dr. Sanden'p Electric rtelt has a cure in every town -f
, '•/ HH»3fe^iSS£S»^^«l 2 in " lis State. In some It has fifty. Are you sick or ©
.4. atfflF°'Ff*«ESg|^'*» *' iJffak. . Alwenk? Then don't hesitate. Try it now and it will . 1
- UK- ~<^^rt£^t\ • V iSBFBF' cur<* you. Call ami see it and test it free, or write for T
•> S2tL_il/Z2iL_iZ(U AAySsS** book, also free, sealed. . ©
! I DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN, Manager- f
® 7G2.Mark=t .St.. cor. Kearny. S. F. SEND FOB MY BOOK, ©
i (i . And Ccr. Spring and Second Sts., Los Angeles. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," %
Si Office Hours— B a. in. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays, ;,•-•,' s^
t* 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. IT IS MAILED FREE. +
®>®*s+6^f®4®+®^+®+®+®+®4<i>^+
FROHMAN SENDS
FINE PLAYERS IN
A FAIR FARCE
"On and Off" Notable
for the Acting.
GREENE'S JAPANESE WIFE
AN AFFECTIONATE MOTHER-IN
LAW THE NOVELTY.
"Little Tycoon" at the Grand — Maude
Adam's Successful Juliet—Open
ing of the London
Opera.
The play is not the thin;; at the Co
lumbia Theater this week. Charles
Frohman's production of the Bisson
farce, "Off and On," is remarkable only
on account of the excellent actors em
ployed in it. Nut that the farce is bad.
It is ingeniously constructed, easily if
! not glitteringly phrased, and as pru
, dent as any piece can be that deals
i lightly with the weight? of matrimony.
■ But its motive Is slender and its active
■ situations few t«i carry three acts. You
do not laugh hilariously until the mid-
die of the last act, when a furiously
funny situation is sprung. The rest is
leisurely amusement of the better
French mode, at which you smile often,
ha-ha once in a while and applaud
very moderately at the drops of the
' curtain. Played by a modest company,
say like the one at the Alcazar, "On
and Off" would be pillowed ii; the usual
brief and kindly press notices and play
to a week of usual business. Its recep-
tion at the Columbia is different be
cause there it Is Interpreted by picked
players of a different stamp, who give
to it the smooth, distinguished execu
tion that is next to impossible in the
week t<> week performances of a stock
company.
Many a day is it since we have had a
comic play served up in the polished
fashion that Mr. Frohman's players
■ serve this. The production is graceful,
(■.impact and secure. There was hut one
misfortune in last night's cast, and that
was In the mother-in-law part, which,
j in the illness of its original actress, was
taken at short notice by another.
Everything else seemed t<> run on ball
bearings, in the men's parts, especially,
the actors did even more than their
author had provided for them to do.
E. M. Holland and Fritz Williams, who
have the plums and honors, were im
peccable. Each of these men is an
artist of quiet poise and authority who
realizes the value of moderation and ;
suggestion. Pitted one against the!
other, as they were last night, in parts
of about equal strength, where the
word arid glance counted rather than
the deed, it was worth any ones while
to be "among those present" Fritz]
Williams has in his acting that quality
of alert ingenuous youth that most men
burn behind them as soon as they take
to the stage; and It found a happy vent
in the part of Alfred Godfray. the real
Bl( eping car inspector. Mr. Holland al
ways endeavors to present a definite
character. His George Godfray. the
spurious car inspector, is positive iden
tity from th.- top of his hat down—
comic to a degree— never exploiting the
banal tricks of obvious playacting.
As the first deceived and then re
venged wife of the bogus railroad of
ti. lal, Essie Tittel did notably well.
H.-r acting is charmingly natural and
her pr.seive handsome and quite mag
netic. May Lambert's "winking girl"
i is a bit of St. Vitus' dance humor that
is very fetching in its arch-patholog
; ical way, and Ralph Detmore is briefly
to the good as her enterprising accom
plice. ASHTON STEVENS.
Alcazar.
A new play by Clay M. Greene. "His
Japanese Wife." received its initial pro
duction at the Alcazar last evening. Mr.
Greene, in a little explanatory programme
note, testifies to having gathered the ma
terial for the production while on a tour
of Japan and the experiences so deftly
ptrung together in :he fane had come
'•under his immediate observation." Ac
cepting the play as evidence. Mr. Greene's
oriental tour must have been one long
glorious Fourth of July.
The author has seen none of the poetry
Of Chrysanthemum Land. None of the
beauties thai writers so love to spread
themselves on has appealed to him. He
evidently traveled through the land of the
Mikado, extracting fun from everything
and with a triple extract of this Belfsame
merriment generously flavored his new
There is much that is new in the farce
•ui>'. much that is old, but what is new is
pood enough to obliterate the same Old
i hackneyed bad.
The story of His Japanese \\ Ife does
not bear repeating. It starts out plainly
and strongly, but before it is half through
is hopelessly involved and only the time
worn devices of tradition are called in to
see it safely through.
An affectionate mother-in-law, such as
no home should be Without, arid a Japa
nese wrestle? are too essential features
of the farce, and are treated in a manner
new and delightful to the stage.
The production went smoothly. Laura
Crews was a dainty Japanese maid and
Charles Bryant, barring a dialect that
was more Chinese than Japanese, carried
the wrestler for all the lines were worth.
Hastings. Montaine. Daniel Halifax,
Miss Fltzallen, Juliet Crosby, Marie Howe
and Grace Howard have congenial roles
and play them well.
The play is prettily staged and special
attention given to the music "Tho Japa
nese Serenade," by Lee Johnson, famous
as the author of many popular songs, is
one of the choice bits of entr'acte melody.
A large house greeted the performance
and the Bohemians were out in full force.
After the second act Mr. Greene was
called and in a neat speech thanked hjs
friends for their kind appreciation of his
work.
Grand Opera- House.
After an absence of about nine year?
"The Little Tycoon" was presented last
evening at the Grand Opera-house by the
Southwell Opera Company. It is the first
time this comic American-Japanese opera
has been produced in this city at popular
| prices, and the music-loving- public is not
; slow to take advantage of the oppor
: tunity to hear the charming music and
witness the pretty, changing scenes. The
i Japanese garden scene and the Jap
"ballet" were very attractive features.
Tin- singing of Miro Delamotta, William
Wolff. Thomas H. Persse and Miss Edith
Mason was highly appreciated. In the
tirst act little Mattie Southwell sang an
original coon song, "You Certainly Is
Hard Luck to Me." with much effect, and
her cake walk stops brought down the
house. "The Little Tycoon" promises to
do a good business. Next week the man
agement, contrary to Its previous an
nouncement, will produce the unique
double bill of "Cavalleria Rusticana" and
"Pinafore."
Orpheum.
I-:i Petite Lund, a very wee vaudeville
singer, is the hit of the new bill at the
Orpheum. Her coon song and cake walk
art- irresistible. John Le Clair does some
decidedly new feats in jugglery and Lazell
and Vernon do a comical and yet diffi
cult act on the horizontal bars. James
Richard Glenroy monologues and paro
dies: "The Hawthorne Sisters" have a
new song and a new scene, and Hugh
Stanton and Florence Modena present a
funny lit fie skit called "For Reform."
The rest of the bill is from last week.
Tivoli.
The ninety-third performance of "The
Geisha" was given in the Tivoli last night
tn ;• good attendance. This is the last
week of the Japanese musical play.
"Orpheus and Eurydice" will be revived
Monday.
The Chutes
A combination of good weather and
good programme attracted a goodly
crowd to the Chutes last night. George
11. Wilson is a clever eccentric dancer,
Mabel <"raig has no voice, but a lively
pair of lower limbs which she shakes to
advantage, and the four Snlvinls. men
and women acrobats, are daring, agile,
. graceful and strong- The Hartwell sis
-1 ters are acrobatic dancers of no particu
: lar distinction, and Robert Bills, tenor
I robusto, sings some new descriptive songs
ii 1 a high spirited manner. The change in
moving pictures was well received.
—
Olympia.
The Olympia had a packed house last
night, and the drawing cards were Ed
Dolan, the funny Irish comedian with the
Johnny Ray voice, and Querita Vincent,
the singer of coon songs. Miss Vincent is
now In the last week of her engagement
at the Olympia, having broken the record
with a run of fifteen consecutive we. ks.
an>! she leaves a greater favorite than,
when she started in.
Maud Adams in New York.
NEW YORK. May B.— Maud Adams
made her debut to-night in Shakes
pearian drama, essaying Juliet to Wil
liam Faversham's Rome., at the Empire
Theater. The interpretation of the role 1
by this popular young actress was en
tirely different from other Juliets. She
relied absolutely upon perfect girlish
simplicity with Just a drtsh of coquetry.
There was scarcely anything of the
grand passion in her acting. She was the
15-year-old girl from beginning to end,
truer, perhaps, to the real Juliet than the,
popular conception of that immortal
character. Judging from the frequent
ovations .-!:■ received from tho audience,
her debut was eminently successful.
London Opera Opening.
LONPON, May B.— The opera sea
son at Covent Garden opened to-night
with "Lohengrin." The Prince of Wales
was one of the interested spectators. Mrs
Mackay, who arrived to-day from Paris,
was in her own box with her sister, Coun
tess Tel fen er.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Richard Richards of Sacramento — Lia
bilities $500, assets none: W. H. Baker of
Redding— Liabilities $8133, assets none
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANNOUNCES A
SPECIAL SALE
FOR
Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday
of This Week.
THREE DrtYS ONLY.
We don't have Special Sales very often; when
we do you get something good.
FOR...
GLOVES FORMERLY SOLD FOR $1.25 AND $1.50.
2-clasp, tin- quality kid. 8-button length, real
kid, genuine Foster hook kid, etc., etc.
FITTED AND GUARANTEED.
GREATEST VALUES EVER OFFERED.
800 MARKET STREET,
Corner Grant Avenue.
000000000000000000
%*!•■? PALACE Wo
%GRAND« OT -?Ls°
Q SAN FRANCISCO.
*T Connected by a covered passageway. **
0 1400 Room*— w« h Dath Attached O
O All Under One Management. O
0 HOTS TEE PRICES: O
0 European Plan. 81. CO per 'lay and upward Q
American Flan.ss.oo per day And upward «
Correspondence Solicited. sf
0 JOHN C. KIBEPATRICK. Manager. O
000000000000000000
jgfgfcDS.. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
afflgHHS Five hundred reward for any
i** 3 *"(» case we cannot cure. This secret
T_^ * g remedy stops nil losses in 24
■8 BM hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
f7|Vj Vim! tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
Skis JHW Gleet, Fits, Strictures, Lost
Jjwa _Rf-'yy Manhood and all wasting effects
»r& j- - JZJ O f self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE; 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for
sale at IOTSVi Market St., B. F. All private dis-
-1 eases quickly cured. Send for free book.
*-.*Bflfisß>Sfa&*Hl r ' 3 *•!•''■ non-poisonotn
*<\4f}imSP* i * at ste£s remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JsKvSr'^'^^^uSl Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
kSE&t In 1 to 5 '»T«-^aj Whites, unnatural dig-
BtjSl Ocar»nw«d f§ rhargen, or any iufliimma-
H"t»)H not to itrlctarr. tion, irritation or ulccra-
t^-^slPr»7enta contagion. tion of niucoim mem-
y?SwrHF.Ev*NSCHEM!nHno. branes. Non-astringent
%&& C -NCINHATI.O Mi Sold by »«-nsß:inl«,
■MBjjUW n ™ a TH» or Bollt ia plain wrapper,
• Ji^B^w ' ' '^■nX by expregß. prepaid, fct
vHeffia^ 0 ! I'- - 00 . or ■' '"-nit*, $2.70.
Mrs. E. M. Hill, of Bergen
Street, Brooklyn, New YorL
says of Warner's Safe Cure;
"My father and husband were
both physicians, but I suffered
for years. It would be impos-
sible for me to describe my
troubles in detail, but I believe
all women can understand.' 3
"I have been restored and I
wish the whole world could hear
me proclaim the good tidings of
what Warner's Safe Cure has
done for me. God bless the
makers of Warner's Safe Cure.' 3
i —
j ADVERTISEMENTS.
Appeals to All.
1 — — — — — — —
Possessed of a delicate flavor of
malt and hops— sparkling in its
state of purity, age and strength,
% ™%r&> MILWAUhIL t^»
Appeals to all alike—
Excels in every feature.
■ia See that SQtcU^, cork - tha
See that cork «
fepa Highest Awards
$5<3 at International
Mse§^ Exposition, Omaha,
,^if| iTCiIfERS- illustrated
'■ *J?^,iwl^^fei Mailed
Val.Biatz Brewing Co.
Milwaukee, U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS.
416 to 418 Sacramento Street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon F.-rry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. :n.
SUNDAYS— S:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. i v ; 1:30, 3:30,
6.00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, »:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43,
3:40, 5:16 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. 5:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
lime schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. April 16, .
Week Sun- 1699. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am, 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am] 8:40 ana
1:30 pm, 9:30 am Petaluma, j 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:16 pm 5:00 pin Santa Rosa, I 7:33 pm 6:20 put
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor, 10:25 an)
Heald&burg,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 am Hopland and 10:25 ana
2:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pia
7:30 am 10:25 in»
8:00 am Querneville. 7:35 pm
8:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am; 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, j 6:03 pm| G:2O pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprlnirs and White Sulphur Springs; at L<yttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Ska^gi
Springs ; at Cioverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
KelseyvllVe. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Pell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
totter Valley, John Day's. Rlversld*. Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville.
Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Kavarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bi-asrg,
VTestport. Usal, Wlllitts, Laytonvllla. Cumi
filing's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all folnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bids;
H. C WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
; O*aor».l Wanajrtr. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1599, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. . Mixed. Passen-
i ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ' ger.
| Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
i 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
I 9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 ami 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 anil 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:4.' pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
I 11:09 am ( 6:23 pml Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
: 12:15 pml 6:63 pml Tulare 6:50 ami 1:05 pm
' Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
! Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
I street. Ban Francisco.
MEXICAN INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD,
"EAGLE PASS ROUTE."
The shortest standard-gauee line and fastest
! time between principal cities In the United
■ States and Mexico.
No chance of cars at the frontier. Through
! Pullman buffet sleeping cars dally between San
' Antonio. Texas, and the City of Mexico and
Monterey. Direct line to Monterey. Durango,
I Zacatecas. Aquas Calientes. San Luis Potosi.
! Guadalajara and City of Mexico. All trains-
! met nt • frontier by representative of general
passenger department to attend to Inspection
'. of buegape. exchange of money, etc.
For further information call on or address
! any agent of the Southern Pacific Company
or C. K. DUNLAP. .
General Freight and Passenger Agent.
Eagle Pass. Texas.
MOUNT TAMALPAIR SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY, \rrll 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and .:45 p. m.
I Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday %nd Satur«
I day at 6:15 p m.. Returning Same Svea-
loca. Arriving In 8. F. at 11:10 p. m.
: BUNDAYS. S. 9. 10 and 11 «. m. :.n<» 1:45. I:3*
and 4 p. m.
Fare. B. F. to Summit and Return. II 40.
I THOS. COOK & SON. Acts.. 621 Market at.
BAILBOAB TEA V EL. j
i(tii"nti.u.% , n.u, i >»...» a* ir.
(PACIFIC hvntkm.)
Trnlßi l««nw«> mill i»r«" i!n«« lo nrrlre at
MAM riURCIN(!«.
(Main Line, Foot cf Market Street.)
leave — From Mat 7, 1839. — arrive
7:00 v TVnicia, Sultan an:s .Sacramento. . . . 5:45p
"s««»A Jlarysvillc, OroTlilofttid Ilcdding tla
Woodlaud 5:45p
7:o© a Elmira, Vacavilio and Kiimpey S:43p
"::»« v Martinez, San lt»mon,Vallojo, li'ap.-i,
(.'alistoga and Santa lie a 0:15p
8:00 a Atlantic IJxvreea. t)g.len and Mast.. Bi4Sp
MiSOa Ban .loso, LiTerinore, SEocktoii,
lono. Hacraiiiento, PlocerTlUe,
M.a-j'RTill.-, Chioo, lte.l Uliilf 4«l»p
Bt3OA •Milton, Oakdale and Bonora -l:l»p
O:OO.\ Haywards. Ni!»s ami Way htatione. 11:45 a.
O:O(»a Martinez, Tr»cy, Lathrop, Stockton,
MeTOcd and Fresno 1 2:15p
Wi<m»a irresno, lJakersiiei-l. Santa Bitfbara.
Los Angeles, Deming, El I'oso,
New Orlams and East G:4.lr
IO:OOa Vallrjo, Martinez and Way Stations 7«43p
1 1 :OO v Ifaywarrls, lies and Way Stations. »«45p
ia:««)ii N;li>a, Livermore, Htockton, «aora^
nicnto, Mendota, Hanford, Viaalia,
Pcnerrillo • 4:1.1r
•l:OOr Sacramento Hirer Stonmuts •»:<>«> p
3:<»Oi» Ilaywards, Nile 3 aud Way Stations. »:43r
IMiiir Martinez, Han itutuon, Vallejo,
K:ij>:i. Oatiatuipt, Knuta ItOHu 0:15*
4:<>»i- Ccnicia, Vacavjlle, .Sacruniento,
Woodland, Kirfetata J,:iu.linK.
Marrsville. Orotllle I«:-1»a
■I::J'»p San Jose and Stockton 7:13p
4 :::«!■ Yo6omit« Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:1. ip
s:<»<>p Stocktou, Merced, Frosiio 12:13p
s:o<>!' Mar iiiez, Tracy, Heudota, Fresno,
Mi-jivo mid I .on Angeles Bi4.">*.
."»:<><»!• Haiita Ko Kotite, Atlantic Kiiiress
for Mojato mid Koat 0:4.1r
Tho Owl. Fresno, Pikcrsfleld, San-
ta Carbarn, LosAngtles »:45\.
«:«<►-• Knropoitii Mail, <)g«>en and Kuat..... 9:43\
C:O:»i. Ilaywards, Niles and Nan Joso 7:1.1 a.
! •C:OOr.Vnllojo 12:15p
Oregon Kx|>rptw,HiiCraHieutii, Marys-
v l l i , ■ . ItcWliiß, r.ntl.iii.l. I'iiget
Koniidnnd Cast 7:45 a
1»:OOp Val!cjo, Port Costa and Way S ( i-
tl'.i>a ; tlO^Of
rOAST !MVI*!ON (Narrow Cause).
(Foot of Market Street.) '
J7:-t.l.\ Santa Cruz Eicurßion for Hsnta
Cm/, and Prindpa] Way S'atiouo XHsOSr
1 5 A Newark, San Fci ton,
Boulder Creek, Saul aCm :.:id Way
Stations Bi3Op
•2:1.5p Newerk, Oentertijlc, Sail Jose, Now
Ahmilon, Feiton, Bcnldor Creok,
Ba:ita Cruz and l'riuci"ttl Way
Stations . »>O:3Oa.
4:1.1p Sat Jose, Glenwood and V.'ay Sta-
tbr.s.. 0:20 a
64:13i>Felton, fsar.ta Cruz end Way Bta-
tir.ni . /9.-2WA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
?rociS4N FRANCISCO— root of Uarlict Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 f.OO 11:00 a.m. tI:S3 *2:00 13:03
•4:00 JC:OO *6:00r.u.
.'ronOlKLAHD— foot orßroadwnj.— -f):00 8:00 10:00*. U.
|12:G0 '1:00 t2:CO '3:00 11:03 -5:OQi'.M.
COAST DIVISION (Rroail(inuge).
I (Thlr.l Townseml St--.)
•O:1O.\ Ocean View, South San FrancUco. . *O:3Op
•7:OOa flan .lose kii.l Wny SUt.ii.nfi (New
Ainiadcn Wedueadays ouly) l::tOF
J7:3Oa Sunday Ezcuraion for Saa Joso,
Bant\ (mx, Puds i Grove and
Principal Way Stations J»:3sp
D:«O* HHII .Ins.", Tre.i PitlOS, Kullta Cruz,
raclUc drove, Paso lt..liles, Han
I.nis Oliinpo, Cutidalniie, .Surf it nd
rrinci|ial Way HS«.tii»iiß -l:IOp
! IO:IOa Sail .lnno ami Way Htatlona "8:00 a.
11:30 a Kan J»so and Way Stations s>3op
•2:4sp,Sau Jlateo, Redwood, Mcr.lo rark.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, .San .lose,
Uilroy, Hollister, Santa Cms,
Salinaa, Moulerry and Pacific
Grore.... »IO:38a
•:i::iop Han Jose anil Way .Stations # 9:IIOa.
•4tlsp San Joseund Pri:icira! Way Stations »: 43 a.
*3:00r San Joeoand Principal Way I Stations 0:3.1 a
5:30p San and I'riucii'ai Way .Stations '8:35 a.
«.-:tOp San Jose ami Wny Stations 7:3i»p
j 1 1 1 : 4 ."> - San Joeeaud Way Stations.. ' 7:30p
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon. '
•Sunday eicepted. t Sunday only. 1 8atnr>1ay only.
fcSaturday and Sunday /Suudar and Monday. _
i California
I Limited
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at a
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUESJ
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th«
following: Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
YorK at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING cars, BUFFET car, Ob,
servatlon Car and Electrla
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dall#
Overland Express. .
SHI FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — SO MARKET $4
TELEPHONE MAIN 1631.
Oakland Office— Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol «J Street.
San Joss Offioa — West Santa Clan Si,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Satuallto Perry.
Commencing April 21, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, YAT.T.KX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. '8:00, *9:30. 11:00 a. m. J
•1:45. 1:20. 4:00, 6:15, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EX"TU TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Baa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at 4:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— "B:OO. •9:00, »10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, *1:45. *2:30. «4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Raf 1 Sundays.
6:89 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. »6:40. 7:55. 8:40. »1U:3«
a. m. : 12:30. 2:15. *3:40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. »8:00. •»:45. 'lO^, »11:«
a. in.; 1:00. 1:20. »S:JO. *5:15. '6:00. 7:00. 10:13
p. m.
Trains marked (*> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, «:50. 7:55, 8:55. 10:34
a- m. : 12:35. 2:45, 4:65. 5:20 p. m,
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday*, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.: 11:0*,
1:20. 1.40. 1:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a m. week Cazaflero and way sta'na.
| 1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
I 1:16 p. ro. week days (Saturdays excepted>->
Point Reyev and way stations.
1:00 a. m. — Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Sundays Pt. Reyes and way sta'nm.
(1 ?PAT-ENTSf i)
c r *o-* Jfc7
X4S^33OMARRETSfaF>^Sr
-
56
TUESDAY MAY 9, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED FY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
t>AILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year 90.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Cain. 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). S months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «Be
FUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscription*,
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
Washington <d. c.) office Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:33
o'ciocK- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 MarKel
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 251$
Mission 6treet, open until 9 o'clock '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:20 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an 4
Kentucky streets, ooen until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "On and Off."
Grand Opera House— "The Little Tycoon."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "His Japanese Wife."
Tlvoll-"The Geisha,"
Chutes 200 and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and tveninp.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Interstate Panoran-.a Co., Market street, near Eighth—
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
day. __^_^_____^^_
THE BICYCLE NUISANCE.
RFXENTLY the police have done some good
work in the enforcement of the law and have
won general commendation for their energy and
for their success. We hope now to attract their atten
tion to the bicycle nuisance, which, unless some ex
amples are made, threatens life and limb on our public
streets and in places of general resort.
Order No. 2932, approved November 26, 1895, to a
great extent covers this subject. We are not aware of ,
any amendments or supplements to this order, which
upon its face so far as it goes seems to be sufficient for
its purposes. The first section prohibits carelessness or |
immoderate speed and limits the maximum speed over
street crossings and intersections to six miles per
hour. It further provides that a warning bell should
be sounded at all such places and wherever p»
trians are encountered. The next section reqv.
every rider of a bicycle on a public street or highway
to keep his feet on the pedals, thus making scorching
or coasting on thoroughfares a misdemeanor. The
third section denies the right of bicycles to the side
walks, and the fourth condemns the practice of carry
ing upon them children under the age of 10 years.
The fifth section directs all bicycles to keep to the
right. The two last sections are the most important,
because one of them for a violation of any of the pro
visions of the order affixes the penalty of a fine not
exceeding $500 or of imprisonment in the County
Jail for a period not beyond six months, either or
both, and the other specifically charges the Chief of j
Police with the duty of enforcing the order.
There is not one of these essential municipal regu
lations that is not violated day by day and night by
night in full view of the police on the streets and in
the parks of San Francisco. The modern centaurs
;ire more reckless and more dangerous than their
antetypes. Many of them seem to imagine that they
constitute a kind of aristocracy, with machinery sub
stituted for their legs, and that they can run down any
unfortunate man, woman or child with impunity.
Many serious consequences of this recklessness have
already been observed, and the bicycle accidents are
constantly increasing, simply because, in this respect
as in a great many others, the law is not enforced. A
few wholesome examples would be a service to the
community.
The business of manufacturing and selling bicycles
has become very extensive in the United States, and
several corporations and houses with large capital
which control this branch of trade are reaping large
profits and exerting an illegitimate influence in munic
ipalities, not only in preventing the enactment of
proper laws but in obstructine the administration of
such law as there is. In San Francisco, as we under
stand the fact, there was an effort made by a resolu
tion offered in the Board of Supervisors to compel all
riders of bicycles at night to carry warning lamps, but
under pressure it was defeated or failed to pass. This
is an illustration of the difficulty of securing just mv-
nicipal legislation. The virtual suspension of the ex
isting order proves that either through inertness or
for some other cause such law as there is has not been
effectively applied.
We call upon the Chief of Police to do hi- daty as
it is expressed in section 6, and upon the Board of
Supervisors to require the u c e of lamps by the noc
turnal army of centr.urs. and to make such other
amendments and additions to the order as will practi
cally secure the public safety and prove that in this
municipality human beings are of as much importance
a? the trade in mechanical 1 contrivances.
The report that an early cessation of the war in the
Philippines will be followed by a call for an extra
session of Congress is calculated to put the people of
this country in a wavering state of mind. There are
moments when most persons would prefer a contin
uance of the war.
If any further proof of the prosperity of the country
were needed than is supplied by the trade reports it
could be found in the number of strike? that are now
raging. The workman in nearly every line of industry
seems to have waxed fat enough to kick, and is do
ing it.
If the Czar of Russia intends to continue to enforce
his law sentencing lepers to exile he had better buy
I somewhere to send them to. or Uncle Sam
might retaliate some day by sending anarchists into
i furnished with passports and pocket
' re is hardly anything in the findings of the court |
of inquiry concerning the army supplies that is likely
to be in good odor with the people. The report itself
is suggestive of something that has been embalmed j
when it should have been buried.
While ail diplomats unite in asserting with much
cheerful assurance tliat the peaoe conference at The
Hague will do a world of gocxl, not one of them Jias
yet 6o«cified any good it is likely, to do the world
DOGBERRY OUTCLASSED.
ON March 6, 1899. in response to a general pub
lic demand which had been argumentatively
and illustratively enforced in the columns of
The Call. Supervisor Perrault submitted to the Board
j of Supervisors an order to prohibit poolselling. book
' making and betting on races within this municipality.
The order, numbered 174. was passed for printing,
and on March 13, 1899, it was adopted by the board
land signed by the Mayor. All the proceedings cor
responded with the steady practice under the careful
supervision of Clerk Ru?sell for twenty years. Simi
lar orders have stood even- test that the ingenuity or
i the learning of the bar could invent or suggest.
For a violation of this order H. L. Jones was ar
j rested. He demanded a jury trial. A disagreement
i occurred before Police Judge Mogan. The second
trial was completed yesterday in Judge Treadwell's
department of the Police Court, but owing to his sick
ness b.efore Justice of the Peace Groezinger. Henry
Ach, counsel for the defendants in this and in a num
ber of similar cases pending in the same tribunal, at
j tacked the order upon the ground that the minutes
I of the Board of Supervisors, in which the proceedings
' from its introduction up to and including its passage
were recorded, were defective in four particulars:
First, because they did not show the regularity of the
i meetings; second, because they did not disclose the
presence or the absence of a quorum; third, because
' the ayes and noes were not fully inscribed, and, fourth,
: because the fact of publication was not explicitly
> stated.
After refusing to allow Prosecuting Attorney Car
i penter time to prepare an answer to the argument and
' the citations of Mr. Ach, Justice of the Peace Groez
] inger directed the jury to acquit, on the astonishing
I ground that the informalities alleged for the defense
rendered the order unconstitutional. His exact lan
guage ought to be preserved:
"I am satisfied that the order was unconstitutional,
as it was not properly passed. The minutes have
been mutilated since the defendant's arrest, and I
shall instruct the jury to retire and bring in a verdict
of acquittal."
The mutilation referred to consisted of some addi
tions to the records, in no way affecting its original
j sufficiency, which were made by Clerk Russell to meet
flimsy and technical objections presented by Mr. Ach
! in the argument of the civil suit for an injunction
I before Judge Murasky. in which, as we understand the
facts, the decision was exactly the reverse of yester
day's ruling.
The efficiency and the detailed exactitude of Mr.
Russell have been household words in San Francisco
for a quarter of a century. If order 174 was void, then
the presumption is that our municipal legislation for
that period is also "unconstitutional." But the touts,
the gamblers, the combined parasites of the racetrack
who have sucked the blood of the community and
generated crime, immorality and ruin to an unbear
able degree can derive no encouragement from this
absurd decision. It pn*sesse< no authority and it will
inspire both popular and professional contempt.
In the enactment of order 174 every requirement of
the Consolidation Act. its amendments and its sup
plement?, was fully met Even though its recorded
history was defective, which it was not, its regularity
would have hcen presumed by any competent judicial
officer. Section kjiX. subdivision 5. section 1920 and
section 1963, subdivision 15, of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure, which deal with the subject, were applied and
interpreted in the case of the County of San Diego vs.
Siefert. reported in volume 07 of the California Re
ports, at page 599. which involves an analogous ques
tion. This is only one authority. But there are many
and later pertinent cases which it is not within the
province of a new-paper to collate. We will venture
to predict that by any court which is competent to de
clare the law the charge of Justice of the Peace Groez
inger would be regarded as a compound of the gro
tesque absurdity and puerile dogmatism of the Bunsby
tribunal and Mr. Justice Dogberry.
The power of the Roard of Supervisors to prohibit
the illegitimate practices at [ngleside and in the pool
r'M.ms cannot be successfully questioned. If the prcs
order were void it could be readily and it would
promptly re enacted. The crusade for decency will
proceed with unabated vigor in spite of the wholesale
:is«ni< that Judge Groezinger contemplates to-
S da}', and it will certainly suc< eed.
THE BEEF INQUIRY FINDINGS.
WHILE the great majority of patriotic Ameri
cans would be glad to be able to accept the re
port of the beef inquiry court as final on the
subject, comparatively few of them will do so. Even
iio have not closely followed the testimony in
the case will find in the report itself sufficient cause for
dissatisfaction with its conclusions.
The court finds that none of the charges made
against the beef furnished by the packers were sus
tained, and says: ''The meat purchased for the army
was the meat of commerce; both kinds — refrigerated
and canned — were such as are well known in both
hemispheres as commercial articles, of which there is
and has been a very large consumption, not only by
the trade generally but by the United States navy and
by the armies ami navies of Europe. No reports of
the unfitness or unsuitability of the beef sent from the
United States were forwarded to the War Department
by any general or officer serving in Cuba or Porto
Rico while operations were in progress, nor were any
such reports received until more than a month after
hostilities had passed. Barring some defects of meth
ods in inspecting the beef and the delivery to the sub
sistence department, the deterioration of the meat in
shipment was due to the fault of no one."
From that passage in the report it would seem the
commission had no fault to find with any one except
General Miles, who made the charge?, and the officers
who sustained him. Nevertheless it is said in another
passage, "in some instances some individuals failed to
perform the full measure of duty," and it is added:
"The court can but characterize the action of the com
missary general as unwarranted and reckless in that
he ordered the purchase of such enormous quantities
of a food that was practically untried and unknown,
and the court so finds."
Thus in the selfsame report we have the contra
dictory finding?; first, that the meat was of a kind
having a large consumption, not only by the trade
generally but by the United States navy and by the
armies and navies of Europe, and, second, that the
food was of a kind practically untried and unknown.
There may be some way of reconciling the two find
ings, but it look? on the face as if the first were made
in order to lay a foundation for censuring Miles and
the second for the purpose of justifying the censure of
Eagan.
The only parties involved in the scandal who are
completely exonerated by the report are the beef con
tractors, as it is said of them not only that their beef
was put up without any kind of chemical preservatives
at all. but that "the large purchases for the use of the
military forces were made- not at the solicitation of the
rs or in consequence of efforts put forth by them
to sell their good*, but upon the initiative of the com
missary general."
Finally the court makes something like a genera]
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1899.
whitewash. It finds "that against none of the officers
commanding corps, divisions, brigades and regiments
and their staff officers should a charge of guilty be
brought." It finds, notwithstanding his "unwarranted
and reckless" purchase of beef, "no ground for impu
tation of any other actuating motive on the part of
the commissary general than an earnest desire to pro
cure the best possible food for the troops." Thus the
only man remaining under the ban is General Miles,
and even in his case it is recommended that "further
proceedings be not taken."
Such a report will not be satisfactory to any con
siderable class of the American people. It closes the
inquiry from an official point of view, but it docs not
; relieve the War Department from the charges of
Miles, nor will it lead public opinion to regard Gen-
I eral Miles as deserving of the censure put upon him.
GENERAL MERRIOM ON UNIONS.
THE acts of lawlessness in the Coeur d'Alcne
mines are about to be vigorously and properly
punished. They have long been indulged in
under cover of a miners' union, which seems to have
been controlled by a few violent and law-defying men.
The civil authorities have either closed their eyes to
the situation or have winked at it without making any
attempt to protect the lawful rights of persons and
property. The district being now under martial law
and the violent and guilty men being in custody, the
whole country will applaud the Federal and State
•luthorities, civil and military, in their determination
to eradicate the law-breaking element and teach it a
lesson which will admonish any who attempt to imi
tate its policy.
The situation there, however, has seemed to inspire
General Merriam to utter an unjustifiable generaliza
tion. He is quoted as denouncing labor unions as
criminal and declaring that they should be forbidden
bj* law and membership in them be made a statutory
1 crime.
This outline of a policy toward labor unions will
not receive the indorsement of the American people
and will rouse opposition to certain general public
, policies recently originated and still under discussion.
The labor unions which have originated violence and
defiance of the law are few in number compared to
the total list of such unions in this country. The courts
\ are gradually defining the rights of labor combina
tions, and are removing by judicial decision the invol
untary element in their policy. The right of work
men in any line of labor to form a voluntary union,
. protect a scale of wages for its members, provide a
: treasury and pay sick and funeral benefits, co-operate
in the purchase of domestic supplies and in all orderly
'• ways promote by organization the interests of indi
vidual members is indisputable, and its exercise may
be salutary. When a union exercises further powers
and claims the right to prevent the employment of
any man who will not join it it is claiming a right
which it can enforce only by unlawful acts.
Because these unlawful acts may issue from a labor
; union is no reason for denouncing the act and fact of
union as a crime.
General Merriam's proposition is another added to
many recent evidences that the country should not
look to professional soldiers for a civil policy. All
; governments, in the last analysis, rest on force, but
! the need for its exercise is lessened in proportion as
the people are left free.
To assume, of? hand, that all labor union? are crim
inal would at once produce a disturbance which would
disorder the industries of the country and probably
cause a protest in such form as would greatly embar
i rass the Government. The principle of the policy rec
ommended by Merriam would be far reaching. There
■ is scarcely an organization or union of men combined
upon any purpose that may not fall under his sweep
ing declaration. Political parties are organizations,
' combinations and unions of men which are recognized
■ by law, and in their operation arise cases that are
! judicable. That parties commit crimes in precisely
! the same sense in which labor unions commit them
is unquestioned. The officers elected to administer
[ government peculate and destroy the public property
and therein offend against the whole body of the peo
ple. Because a Democratic School Board and a Re
publican Treasurer in San Francisco and a Populist
deputy clerk in Sacramento or a Treasurer of the
same party elsewhere were guilty of embezzlement or
waste, therefore shall the combination of men in
! political parties be denounced by the law and for
: bidden as a crime?
What is needed in Idaho and elsewhere is a rigid
enforcement of the civil law and the prompt punish
ment of those who break it. If it is in the power of the
State authorities in Idaho to enforce the law now, it
has always been in their power to do so. When the
miners committed murder with Springfield rifles
which they had stolen from a State armory they were
guilty of two offenses of the highest order, and the
State had ample power to punish them. The immu
nity they enjoyed by reason of this inaction of the
officers of the law encouraged the greater crimes com
mitted since. The icmedy is not in adding to the list
of statutory crimes, but in punishing the commission
of those offenses already defined by the law.
The opponents of Bryan in the Democratic camp
who are now trying to substitute an anti-trust plank ■
j in place of the money plank as the chief issue in the j
campaign next year may possibly succeed, but the I
' chances are against them. In every test of strength \
' he has made with his opponents in camp so far the j
; colonel has emerged with something like a sixteen to I
; one majority.
It is now reported the fruit crop will not equal the
bright expectations caused by the bountiful rains of
March. The fruit is dropping badly, and the only
consolation is in the hope that prices will rise as the
fruit falls.
To the increasing list of dignitaries who talk too
much we shall have to add the name of General Mer
riam. In fact it seems that the taciturn class of men
has left official position and gone into private life.
The person who started the report that Aguin
aldo is the son of an Irishman should have been
questioned further. Possibly the brat was at one
time called Dennis for short.
Edward Atkinson may be set down as another man
who talks too much, even though he thinks right.
Choate. Jordan, Coghlan, Kautz, Atkinson and Mrs.
Frye— it is an illustrious list.
"The Wrong Mr. Wright" is the title of a play pro
duced at the Macdonough in Oakland last night "'for
the first time." Oaklanders declare that the play seems
to be an old one to them.
The latest suggestion for a Democratic ticket in
1900 is Bryan and Belmont, and the initials would be
a very good warning of the bad business that would |
follow their election.
1
Dr. Brigga may possibly find a church big and
broad enough to receive him and his creed, but it is
doubtful if he can ever find a pulpit that will bear the
strain-
A SOLDIER EXPRESSES GRATITUDE.
Editor The Call— Appreciating as I <3o favors received, I send you this as an
acknowledgment of the same. I notice other journals of your city attempting
to take unto themselves all the glory of favoring our bluejackets stationed at
Manila and would like to make a statement relating to what I know of the man
ner in which we received our news from home, outside of our personal corre
spondence. I was a member of the crew of the U. S. S. Baltimore and although
we saw copies of "all papers," which had been sent privately to friends by rela
tives of friends (and all paper? were one month old), the only San Francisco or
other city paper published in the United States which came in numbers to J us |' fv
a general distribution of the same was the San Francisco Call. We entered Ma
nila harbor on May 1. 1898, and I was there- until February 17 following. At one
time the boys aboard cur vessel contemplated sending you an acknowledgment
of your favor to us, and many cheers were given for The Call, but owing, in all
probability, to a call to other duties we had neglected to do so.
However, would kindly state that <>ne only has to experience a visit to a for
eign country under same conditions to appreciate the receipt of news from
home, and through the courtesy of The Call we had papers in bundles of suffi
cient numbers to insure a general distribution among the boys. The Call was re
ceived in bundles on our ship of 200 or 300.
I can thank you sincerely in behalf of the Baltimore crew and myself per
sonally for your" favor. W. E. ANGLIN, 525 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
PURTELLE LOST
ALL CONFIDENCE
IN HIS WIFE
Heard Her Talk in
Her Sleep.
«
TESTIFIES AGAINST WRIGHT
HIS DEPOSITION TAKEN BY THE
DEFENSE.
Plaintiff in the Damage Suit Against
a Larkspur Capitalist Tells
How His Suspicions
Were Aroused.
TV. H. Purtelle. who la suing C. W.
Wright, a Larkspur capitalist, for $2n.<V'rt
damages for alleged wrongful attempts to
injure htm and deprive him of the com
fort and society of his wife, made a dep
osition last week in this city under an
order of the Superior Court of Marin
County, made nt the request of the de
fendant. He w;;s represented by C. F.
Humphrey nnd T,ouis p. Boardman, the
Interests of the defendant being cared for
hy E. C. Chapman and Hepburn Wilktus.
The quarrel with his wife regarding the
actions of Wright set forth In the com
plaint, the witness testified, occurred
about January IS lnst, when Mrs. Pur
telle came to tills city. Leading up to
this separation, the witness sidd, there
was a lack of confidence on his part In
his wife, due to several things, among
others a conversation he had with the i
wife of the defendant, In which she told
him of n little scene her daughter had
witnessed in the woods. "She asked her
papa afterward," testified Purtelle,
"what he and Mrs. Purtelle were doing.
He snld he was helping her to carry wood,
but she thought he was trying to carry
Mrs. Purtelle."
Later nn Purtelle testified he was going
up to the hills tn get some wood and his
wife told him to go to a place where she
hnd been.
"I did so," he went on, "and picked up a
handkerchief. It had C. W. Wright's in
itials on It. I brought it up- and gave It
to her."
At another time, Purtelle said, he was
surprised while at Wright's house to hear
the capitalist tell Mrs. Purtelle "shut up."
"She shut up," continued the wltn< ss,
"in such a way, and I thought it was
Buch strong language for him to use to
my wife or any lady, but she didn't seem
to resent it."
At a primary election following tills in
cident Purtelle testified that he waa ap
proached by a friend of his. Jim Culligan,
who said. "You ought to hear what peo
ple are saying about Wright and your
wife."
About dusk on th«> 18th of January last
Purtell* testified he saw Wrighi and Mrs.
Purtelle standing under a tree on the hill.
He then wem Into his house and on his
wife's return hud a quarrel with her. He
went outside to cool off and when he re
turn, -d his wife was pone.
"1 thought." he testified, "that she
might have committed suicide. 1 went
down t" the well and called her and then
went over to Wright's. Mrs. Wright came
to the door. I asked her if Mrs. Purtelle
had been over there and she said 'no.'
she had nit seen her. 1 said "she went
out' and that 1 did not know where she
had gone to. She said. 'Wait, I will see
Mr. Wright.' Mr. Wright came in with a
sneaking, dogged look upon him. He said
Mrs. Purtelle had been there and they
were talking and she had gone home. I
went over home then. My wife was th»T
and I told her if she was groins: to take
counsel with Mr. Wright she had hotter
go over there."
Purtelle said that his suspicions had
been very actively aroused prior to this
by some remarks he had heard his wife
drop in her Bleep, but she did not make a
confession of her actions until after I'm
telle and the detective he had placed on
Wright's trail caught th mple in a
room in the Tremorit House on Kearny
street, the donr of which they had broken
in. On that occasion. WriKht testified, as
he was leaving- the couple in the room in
the lodging house. Wright "kind of"
winked at nim and said: "Purtelle it's
all right. I-efs talk it over. I'll settle
this."
The remainder of Purtelle's testimony
was to the effect that his wife, in con
fessing to him, said that she had sub
mitted to Wright, whom she disliked,
through fear.
Wright has ten days in which to file
his answer to the complaint filed by Pur-
USUe.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ONE-CENT TOKENS- Subscriber. Va
llejo, Cal. The United States Government
did not in IM3 nor at any other time issue
"one-cent pieces on the hack of which
appears the words, 'millions for defense,
not one cent for tribute.' " During the
year named and other years of the war of
the rebellion there was a scarcity of small
currency and there were issued by pri
vate firms many token<- which for a time
circulated as coin, and the 'lovernment
did not interfere. The number of differ
ent tokens issued was about 3500 and
collectors offer specimens of each for sale
at prices varying from one to three and
a half cents.
PATTT AND SOT'SA-L. M., City. Ade
linu Maria Clorinda PattJ is of Italian ex
traction, horn In Madrid, Spain, according
to one account, March 19. 1843, and ac
cording to another April 0. same year.
Her voice is an unusually hi^h soprano.
Sh. received her early musical education
from her stepbrother. Rarilll. and her
brother-in-law. Maurice Strakosch. She
Bang a 1 an early ajre in New Y'<rk and
made her debut In London in l.Sfii | n "i_. v
Snnnambula."
John P. Sousa. who was born in Wash
ington, r>. C. received his early musical
training in the United States Marine
Corps hand." in which he was apprenticed
by his parents for Jive years,
VOLUNTEERS' PAY H. 1 >. . Mare
Island, Cal. If you have a claim against
the State for services just prior to the
enlistment from the National Guard Into
tho volunteer service, communicate with
the adjutant genera]'* office, Bacremento,
Volunteer sailors are entitled to one
month's extra puy If th.\ served during
tho war with Sp.ilti within the I nlt.-d
Btates and to two months extra pas if
In foreign waters tnqutiiei vhould be
addressed to the audltoi for thr Naw
Department, Washington, I) 0 who win
pass upon even claim Th« applicant
docs not need any oin> to Intervene lii Ills
behalf; bui should write dlrecl to the
auditor, glvliiK f»U tivtuMa im to name.
■1 ana servto*
KYTKA SWEARS
THAT McGLADE
IS A FORGER
Expert Appears for
Prosecution.
TEN DOCUMENTS IN EVIDENCE
OBJECTIONS OF DEFENSE ARE
WITHOUT AVAIL.
When the Cross-Examination Came,
However, the Witness Did Not
Enjoy Himself, Nor
Will He To-Day.
Theodore Kytka, the handwriting ex
pert, has shaken the dust of Willows
from his feet after giving the celebrated
Murdock note several telling stabs, and
yesterday he joined the men engaged in
the occupation of trying to send Peter
McGlade, late of the Rtre.-t Department,
to prison. Kytka was put on the stand
early In the morning and occupied that
position until the close of tbe session. On
taking the stand the writing expert was
handed the document upon which the spe
cific charge <>f forgery is based and was
asked by the prosecution to give his opin
ion as to who signed the receipt on the
ba.k of the document and who filled out
the various oth> r signatures. Attorney
Patrick Reddy objected on the ground
that the document was not a legal one
and not relevant.
The objection was overruled and Kytka
paid he was confident that the various
signatures wf-re In McGlade'a handwrit
ing. In order additional warrants alleged
to have been forged by McGlade were in
troduced over the objection of the de
fendant and Kytka gave his opinion that
all were forced by the accused. Then
rame the cross-examination and it was
an unhappy one for Kytka. Kytka's love
of justice did not bring him Into the case,
as is well known, and the fact of the
compensation he was to receive, the many
cases in which he had appeared and his
opinions found erroneous were brought up
and Kytka Buffered. Finally the storm
broke when Mr. Reddy ask..] the expert
how many "tremors" in handwriting his
profession recognized. K\tka promptly
answered the tremor of imbecility, of age
n ml of fraud. He was asked to distin
guish between the tr. nv>r of fraud and in
ebriation and before he could be Btopped
said, "In the $<v? warrant wf have a per
fect example of the tremor of fraud."
Then Mr. Reddy started for the expert on
the effects of a "hold-over jag," common
drunkenness and champagne imbibing,
when the prosecution objected. After en
joying a laugh at Kytka's expense the de
fense turned Its attention to other cases
in which Kytka had appeared and it de
veloped that in a well-known will contest
$100,000 had t.een spilled around among the
"experts" and Kytka smilingly acknowl
edged that he was "In on the spill."
Then the defense asked for certain doc
uments in the possession of the expert to
prove how many times he had been found
mistaken in his views. As Kytka did not
have them in court an adjournment was
taken till this morning, at which time the
expert will try and redeem himself from
the imputation that he Is more often
wrong than right in his opinions of docu
mentary signatures.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. W. F. Gates of Oroville is registered
at the Grand.
Professor O. L. Elliot of Stanford is
at tne Occidental.
Mrs. Dr. L. F. Worvl of Point Loma is
registered at the Grand Hotel.
John C. Chapman and wife of New
York were among yesterday's arrivals at
the Palace.
E. C. Smith, a real estate dealer of Pa
cific Grove, is among the guests at t ne
Grand Hotel.
George P. Nichols, a prominent physi
cian of San Luis Ohispo, is among "the
guests at the Grand.
A. C. Presley, a wholesale clothing deal
er of Qridley, is registered among tho
guests at the Occidental.
Emlle R. Abadla, a wealthy mine-owner
of Sonora, Mr-xlco. with his wife, is a
guest at the Palace.
Ex-Senator H. M. Laßue of Napa is
registered at the Occidental, where he ar
rived yesterday after a trip to Sacra
mento.
Alfred Seasongood and wife and the
Misses Martha and Roselle Seasons lof
Cincinnati arc guests at the Palace. They
are on a tour of the State and propose In
cluding Southern California and the Yo
semite in their itinerary.
Senator Frank <;. Xewlatirlp of Nevada
nrrlvrd yesterday and is amonp ttv->
Kiiests at the Palace. Accompanying Sen
ator Kowiands Is Henry 1.. Wright of
London, solicitor to Lady Hesketh, for
merly Miss Flora Shnron. Mr. Wricht Is
' 'i one of his customary tours of inspec
tion of the Sharon properties en this con
tinent.
s.mi C. iMmhnm. special census agent
for the Northern District of Alaska, ar
rived yesterday from Washington, D. C,
and is registered at the Palace. He will
leave In a few (lays fur Juneau, where he
will appoint nn aRPnt for the southern
district, and then will proceed to the Yu
kon. Mr. Dunham wai in Alaska during
the early Kl< ndlke erase as an agent for
the Labor Bureau, ami besides i-ring- fa
miliar with the country is interested
largely in promlplnir prospects which he
gathered in .it thai time.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Maj s Oongt'—sman
Marion DeVrles ot Stockton arrived tn
Washington to-night J- C. Durham of
Angeles is al the Bhotfcham. James
T Wymands of Ban Francisco la at the
St. Jai
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YOHK, May B.— M. Goldsmith of
San Francisco is at the Empire; Mn.
Frank McLnughlln and Miss Mclaughlin
of Sum Francisco are at the Hoffman.
A SUDDEN FIND
BRINGS MORE
HOPE TO NEALL
Some Missing Checks
Discovered.
LAY FORGOTTEN IN A VAULT
MISTAKE OF A MESSENGER IS
FINALLY RECTIFIED.
Accused Should Have Placed tha
Paper in a Bank Instead of in
a Safe Deposit Lock
Sox.
Thp Neall msr t'.<->k an unexpected turn
yesterday morning. New evldi
kind most Important to the a< ■
been found and the court gave Mr. T f
ton until this morning to properly pro
pare it for pri tually
disposes of the charge relating to the
overdraft of $150, which it was alleged
showed upon the books of the Calif
Safe Deposil and Trust Company, where
Neall kept the funds of the exchange.
The new evidence was the sudden dis
covery of checks to the value of $426.
which had been placed in the vault of
the Safe Deposit Company instead of in
tho bank of that institution.
It seems that between January 27 and
January 30 of this year Xeall calli
Dunne's snln<>n at Stockton and
streets and asked Pete Dunne to I
charge of some papers for him. 11
after banking hours, Neall explained, and
he wanted Dunne to look out for th
pers for that evening and in the morn
ing following to have them taken i
to the Safe Deposit Company and
there. The company would know
.to do with them, Neall said. It w
save him an extra trip from the P
sldio, he told Dunne, and Dunne ;
ised to look out for the envelope •>•■
Neall handed him.
The next morning Dunne sent the en
velope down t" the Sat".' Deposit f
of his bartenders, and instead of lea
the papers with tin- banking d<-}>ar
the messenger took them downstairs an>:
left them in storage in the deposit \
He returned th«- receipt to Dunne, wl
left It in the rack for Neall for some days
and then it was dropped into a drawer.
Tt was raked out with a lot of papers
last Saturday and Dunne at once sent it
to Neall. He notified Thornton and Thorrt
ton secured the papers from the d< | -%
company and found N'eall just J4L>>; ahead,
fur he had air. ady made g lto th<
eminent all the checks re]
Neall had all along maintained that he
had never overdrawn the account of the
exchange with the Safe Deposit Com
pany. Even In the face of the figures
sHowed him he was unwilling to admit it.
and all the time he believed th.' checks
just found were included in the
ment made by the bank in reporting on
the state of the exchange account. H •■
had missed th<- checks and could find
them nowhere, nor could he find the
book which he had placed with th<
the envelope, and the sudden discovery
has cleared up what was to him a mys
tery.
The charge was that Neall had over
drawn the exchange account to the
amount of $i:.f>. This amount he made
frood and now by the tinding of the checks
t appears the account really owed him
$278.
All this was explained by Mr. Thornton
yesterday morning when asking tbe court
for time to present the evidence of this
discovery. It has no bearing 6n the other
charges and specifications, but It lightens
the load on .Wall's shoulders and makrs
more forcible the denials which h<
submitted to the court on other charges.
DIED AT THE FRONT.
Body of Cavalryman J. H. Lippman
Brought From Manila.
The transport Grant brought up from
Manila the body of J. H. Lippman, 1
K. Fourth Cavalry, U. S. A., who
in the service at Manila. Young Lip;
man was a San Francisco hoy. . . A
of age, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Hyman
Lippman of 1412 McAllister str> •
beginning of the Spanish-American war
young Lippman enlisted in the Fourth
Cavalry, then stationed at the Pres
and accompanied that regiment to the
Philippines.
The body will he taken off the Grant
on Thursday and the funeral ser
will be held on Friday next, with
mrnt at thf Home of Peace i
San Mateo County.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main VH2. '
Vera Goodhart— Poor fellow, sht
ed with him dreadfully!
Sallie DeWitte— Tea, but just I
how well he thought of himself all that
time.— Brooklyn Life.
Shake Into Your Shoes
Allan's Foot-Ease, » powder. It makea i
new Fh"es feel easy.
Swollen. Tired, Sweating Vcl g I
testimonials. At all drug
.\!=k to-day. Sample Fit! ■
Allen P. Olmsted, Le Roy, N. Y.
Persons afflicted with dyspepsia, diarrhoea or
colic will find immediate relief and sure cure
In Dr. Slegert'a Angostura Bitters.
The Poet's Wife— Why do they say the
pen is mightier than :hr ?w
Th> Poel -1 am sure I don't know.
That Bword-swallower on th< nexl
seems pretty well flxed, while t haven't
a biti to eat in the house.— Tonkers
•:ian.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Check that
Cough
WITH
Brown's
Bronchial
Trochos
(OF BOSTON)
i
Observe Fac-Simile Signature of, /
on wrapper of every box.DEACON CURTIS
PROVED TO BE
HIS NEMESIS
Rev. Dr. Lowell Says
He Is Persecuted.
WANTS HIS ENEMY ARRESTED
A SHARP CRITICISM ON REV.
W. S. MATTHEW.
♦
An Interesting and Spicy Account of
How a Young Preacher An
tagonized One of His
Congregation.
Rev,
Curtis with erlm
Behind the Police Court proceedings is
an Interesting allegation of how one man
out of revenge has persecuted another;
how the desire of a deacon of the church
to inflict further humiliation on his vic
tim has led him to follow a minister of
the gospel from Maine to California, so
that he could wreak his spite on the man
he detests.
The above condition of things was made
public yesterday afternoon, when the
Rev. Walter Myron Lowell appeared be
fore a half score of the leading Methodist
Epicop.il preachers of this city, and there
poured out his tale of persecution and
suffering. The meeting was held in the
lecture room of the Central M. E. Church,
and was presided over by Dr. Case, the
presiding elder of San Francisco:
Iti a straightforward manner Mi Lowell
pave a detailed account of his life and
the Incidents that led up to his coming In
contact Deacon Curtis of the Bap
tist church and the reasons why the
: itter has done his utmost to injure him.
The young minister backed up his state
ments with documents and newspaper
clippings, and In the end virtually suc
ceeded In convincing his listeners of his
entire innocence. He referred a number
of times to the part Rev. Dr. William S.
Matthews of the Christian Advocate
played In the affair, and as a result the
latter was sent for and ■ Id what he had
learned and hat hi had done in the
matter. As the meeting was not In the
nature of a trial, no decision was reached,
but the confidence the ministers had In
Mr. Lowell's story was shown when the
Investigation came to an end. The meet
ing was a ■ secret one, and none of those
who were present cared to discuss the
mutter.
At the outlet he accused his enemy as :
being a fraudulent) untruthful man, and
backed his assertion ui> by quoting a de- j
cision of the Supreme Court of Maine in :
the casi 1 of Freeman vs. Curtis, ','. Maine.
"A few years ago." ho said, "Curtis was j
a member of my church and owned i
twenty-seven pews. He was so moan and '
small that he would not permit any one i
to occupy the pew.-? without their first
paying him for their use. and then he ;
would pocket the money. I then sue- (
ceeded in raising a large sum and had the i
edifice remodeled, and my action made
him my bitterest enemy.- He swore to fol
low me to the ends of the earth nnd in
jure me. He came here and went to Dr. J
Matthews nnd told him things that were
true and more that were false. On learn
ing of his malicious conduct I swore to
a warrant for his arrest, hut he got wind
of it and led. If it is ever served on him j
and he is brought to this city, my altor
neys. Messrs. Custer & Bates, are In- >
structed to file .i suit against him for
libel for $.">O,OOO damages.
While actlnp as pastor he ran afoul
of Deacon ■ irtia and the latter had him
brought before the moderator of the dis
trict on two charges— "falsehood" and !
•• ■• ' The falsehood con
■ tei Ing to be < '.ear of in
- when he came to the towi
tatloi consisted of his
• i go out riding
Liting in the broiling sun for a half
tment. These
ere dismissed and Mr. Lowell,
tiring of I • ■ nt, left the B
■ red 1 ..• Methodist Ep
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Strut- of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna end
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to gel its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
liOUIBVn,LE. XV. NEW YORK, V. T.
ike sale by all Dr -'s.— Price 50c. per bottle.
"ft FINE TAILORING
/Ssk PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
rsfeSk - WORKMANSHIP, at
mJ K^^f 25 per cent Less than Other
P j^#?/ Tailors Charge, Go tc
J9E POKEIM
/ Wfm ah wool suits to & i*) , a (tor
/ f7 k?5 Order Uomsl£ " $00
/fl Pants ion. $4 to slo !
VbN f-J| v 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
J^V nioand 1 1 1 2 Market SI, S.F.
485 «4th STREET, OAKLAND, Cau
MRS. TINGLE Y HAS
ALL THE PROOFS
Theosophy's
Head Answers
Critics.
IS READY TO
MEET CHARGES
Cablegrams Show That
Supplies Reached
Santiago.
Mrs. Katherlne A. Tlngley, head of
theosophical organization known
as the Universal Brotherhood League.
at present a visitor in this city, ap
>sterday to be in a posit inn
ute the insinuations recently
gainst her in the East by mem
b< rs of the cult opposed to her leader
ship. To the charge that she had failed
to forward supplies contributed by
theosophists for the destitute in Cuba
to their destination, she h;is In her pos
»n ;i cablegram from Mayor Emt
lio Bacardi of Santiago announcing the
receipt of the identical shipment about
which bo much fuss has b en made.
The insinuations against Mrs. Tlng
ime while she was in attendance
on the Universal Brotherhood congress
a 1 San Diego, as a result of a meeting
held in Lyric Hall. New York, at which
James Pryse said: "The present meth
ods "f the Universal Brotherhood ar>'
clearly desipnrd for the destruction of
the theosophical cause." a few days
later the statement was telegraphed
through the country that a ton of rice
~'xty packages of supplies, which
Mrs. Tingley bad professed to have or
dered to Santiago de Cuba .>:.'! for ihf
distribution of which she had arranged
with Mayor Bacardi, had not reached
their destination, the Inference being
that for reasons best known to Mrs.
Tinei-y they never would. The publi
cation of this dispatch brought an im
mediate denial of the charge from Mis.
Tintrley and a request for retraction.
( >"n her arrival in this city a few days
ago she set about taking counsel in
th" matter, the result being thai
sent yesterday morning the following
cablegram:
SAN FRANCIS" ' '. Cal.,
May v 3:20 a. m.
Emlllo Bacardi, Municipal?. Santiag
Ived from Interna
tional Brotherh - I • and
sixty-five packagi s pei steamer from New
York, as per bill or lading l grave you In
S ■ ■
KATHERINE A. TINGLEY.
During the course of the afternoon
the following reply was received:
SANTIAGO i DE CUBA,
Mas 8, 1:13 p. m.
{Catherine A. Ting
Received. EMILIO BACARDI.
To further fortify in rself against
threatened dangers, Mrs. Tingley se
cured the affidavits of three of the
members "f the L T ni\*ersal Brotherhood
relief committee, who had accompa
nied h<T to Santiago and left with h«-i
for San Diego, Oil., t" attend the
brotherhood congress. They are also
in this city. In these affidavits her co
workers testify t'> the completeness "f
Mrs. Tingiey'a work and detail the cir
cumstances attending the shipment <>f
the supplies about which all the row
lias been raised. They also explain
her hurried departure from Santiago
de <'uha on th- ground that she had
made all preparations for the distribu
tion of the incoming supplies and was
compelled to go to the San Diego con
gress. The first affidavit is that of F.
M. Pierce. It is as follows:
Btate of California,
City and County of Ban Francisco, ss.
Francis M. Pierce ■■: th<
and County of New York, being duly
sworn, deposes and says: That he is
.] and a member of
ibinet of the Universal Brother
hood organization, and as Buch he Is
familiar with all of the operations of
that organization; that it is the uni
and invariable practice of
rine A. Tlngley, the leader and
ofliciul head of Universal Brother
hood, tci absolutely refuse to receive
or disburse any money or funds t.f
thai organization, that s»uch receipts
and disbursements are carefully su
pervise. 1 , and made under the direction
of well-known and responsible busi
ness men as a tinan* ommittee, con
sisting of (lark Thurston, president
American Screw Company, Provi
dence. R. t.; H. T. Patterson, president
of Patterson. Godfried \- Hunter
Company, hardware merchants, New
York, and F. M. Pierce, president of
i 'rank M. l,< rce Engln< ering
Company, New fork.
That he is a member ol fhe finance
rommit'ee of the International
Brotherhood League and familiar with
all of its operations, and thai its busi
ness methods and the procedure of the
league president. [Catherine A. Ting
ley, In this department of Universal
Brotherhood work is the same In every
• ac relates to th< receipt and
expenditure of funds as is hereinbe
fore stated in regard to the I'niver
sal Brotherhood organization.
That I was a member of the Cuban
relief expedition which lefl New Y'.rk
February 2, 1899, under (Catherine A.
Tingley; that l. on my own pei
knowledge, swear that Bhe did not re
ceive one cent n r any other sum of
money from the Universal Brother
hood, International Brotherl d
League or any other organization,
either for her personal use or fur the
Cuban relief work: that I took (Cath
erine a. Ting] : I ch< i i: to
the hank and received therefor the
cash and handed it to Katherine A.
Tingley to provide for paying the cash
si b of the ' 'üban relief expedi
tion; thai she \:>.ii this money in pay-
Ing for extra meals for United Star,,
soldiers while en route from New York
to Cuba; that while in Santiago she
used 'lils monej to an amount exceed
ing $lO(io In the purchase of bread, rice,
other food, medicines, etc., for the re
lief of the sick and destitute Cubans
and United States soldiers, after the
original supply was exhausted; also in
payment of rent, furnishing of
store and disbursing warehouse for the
International Brotherhood relief sup
plies, as well as to provide quarters for
the international Brotherhood League
workers, for return passage money to
New York on 'he ward Line steamer
<•,;,• the International Brotherhood
League workers and destitute Cubans
brought to the United States to be
cared for and educated for future
work in Cuba; that the mom
spent was handed to the deponent and
the treasurer of the party Em Kather
ine A Tingley and by us paid our for
the "purposes hereinbefore specified.
On account of the approaching con
■rrvss of Universal Brotherhood to be
Reid in California it became necessary
that Katherine A. Tingley, with her
relief party, return immediately to the
Tnited States, and naving received one
hour previous to the Bailing for New
York bills of lading from B. Aug.
Neresheimer, treasun r general in New
York covering one '" n nf ri( <" shipped
by Ward's line steamer, and sixty
narknees of relief supplies by United
Pt-iU's transport to Santiago, said bills
of lading were turned over to Emlllo
Bacardi Mayor of Santiago, he hav
ing consented, at the urgent request
of Katherine A. Tingley. to receive
and dispense same in the name of the
International Brotherhood League, to
Buch destitute Cubans as Katherine A.
Tinalftv had designated and to such
oth*rs"as he might find in oeed; that
delivery of said goods has been de
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1899.
layed owing to delay in arrival of the
In Santiago on which they were
shipped and also by the non-payment
of customs duties, which through an
oversight when leaving Santiago was
not calli d to the attention of k ,ther
. Tingley and provided for.
That several persona professing to
represent other charities called on
rine A. Tingle: while In Santia
•■ . ■ ■ i How I hem to dis
of the said supplies, whli h
Katherine A. Tingley declined to do,
explajning that she had not sufficient
supplies to meet one-tenth oi '
mands madi upon her by families
which sti.' had li ' and found
destitut
Tha I knowledge thi re
were thousands of needy people helped
it the d ■■ :
ilies visited . also etyht I
were cai ried by mys< 1 1
with me I rro w here many fami
lies wei to havi lost Ihi Ir
■he ( 'ity i trphan
Asylum at Santias ■ received several
boxes; also the City Hospital were In
receipt of mcdii al supplies such as
i uld only be dispensed by physicians.
That Katherint A. Tingley received a
: this from thi Ma .or
' lago, exc< pt thai portion
ed at 3
[firm that all soldiers
pplied for help m the headquar
ters were assisted with clothing and
blankets necessary for them to
make the trip north to New York, also
ry medicines, and several
received assistance in cash from [Cath
erine A. Tingley, provided fr<>m her
private purse. That It Is further d"
clared that none of the workers or
officers in the Universal Brotherhood
organisation are in receipt of a cent
of Balary or any remuneration f"r
their servii ■
FRANCIS M. PIERCE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me
■h day of May,
LSeal] A. DAGQETT,
pj Public in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of
California.
The second affidavit is that of Henry
M Patterson, the treasurer of the
Cuba relief committee of the Univer
sal Brotherhood. It Is as follows:
Personally appeared before me, a
notary public in and for the county
of San Francisco, State of California,
an officer duly qualified to administer
oaths, Henry Turner Patterson, who
deposes and says: He in treasurer of
the Cuban Relief Fund the Cuban re
lief lp<-m^ r <in-' of the activities of the
International Brotherhood League, a-
Buch treasurer he has received money
and supplies from various centers and
members throughput the United
Stales. • hit of the funds bo received
no amount of money whatever has
i vT been delivered Into the possession
of Mrs. (Catherine A. Tingley, the
president of the said International
Brotherhood League. <m the contrary.
t!i> said Mrs. Tingley Bpent consider
able of her own personal funds In the
Interests of the said Cuban relief. The
foregoing facts he swears to be true
of his i > \v l l knowledge. He furthermore
swears that to the best of his Informa
tion and belief the entire cash outlay
for the expenses of th> Cubai
work excepting money speni for sup
plied purchased and seni from New
York— including transportation for
fourteen people from Cuba to the
[ T nited States, rent for offices, sleeping
apartments and supply warehousi .■ d
numerous incidental expenses, were
paid by Mrs. Tingley from her own
private purse.
HENRY TURNER PATTERSON.
Sworn and subscribed to before me
t!iis, the Bth day of May. 1899.
(Seal] A. DAGGETT,
Notary Public In and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of
( California.
E. August Neresheimer, chairman of
the cabinet of the Universal Brother
hood and treasurer of the organiza
tion, adds his testimony In the follow
ing affidavit :
Personally appeared before mo. a
notarj public In and f< >r the bounty
of San Prandsco, State of California,
an officer duly authorized by law to
administer oatbs. E3. August Nere
f-hoimer. who. being duly nworn, de
and Bays:
He Is a citizen nf New y/ork and
treasurer general of the Universal
Brotherhood, of which the Interna
tional Brotherhood League is a de
partment. That he has charge of the
entire funds of the Universal Brother
hood and the International Brother
hood League, and of his own knowl
edge [Catherine A. Tlngley, leader and
official head of the Universal Brother
hood and president of tin* Interna
tional Brotherhood League, never re
ceived a cent of th<- funds In his
charge t" defray the expense nf the
Cuban relief expedition carried on at
Santiago de Cuba l>> -Mrs. Tingley, as
president of the International Broth
erhood League. He furthermore
Bwears to the best of ins Information
and belief that more than a thousand
dollars spent while .Mrs. Tingley was
in Santiago, and returning to Amer
ica, for rent, drayage, extra sup). lies,
medicines and passage for her own
party and seven Cubans— lncluding
Maceo from Santiago to New York
was furnished from the private puree
of Mrs. Tlngley. He further swears
that on or about March 7 he deliv
ered to the t'nited States transport
Bhlp sixty packages of merchandise
and to the ward Line Steamship Com
pany a ton of rice all for transporta
tion to Cuba and for distribution by
Mayor Emillo Bacardi nf Santiago un
der' directions left with him by Mrs.
Tlngley. He further swears that he
has this citty received information that
the said goods have arrived at Santi
ago de Cuba since Mrs. Tlngley's de
parture, and that a letter was received
last week in New York by the Inter
national Brotherhood League from the
custom-house officials' in Santiago de
Cuba that the said gufedS had arrived
In I'uba and were held for customs
duty; that directions were .sent im
mediately to Mayor Bacardi, authoriz
ing him "to pay the duty and inform
ing him that the amount of duty
would be sen; forward as Boon as the
sum of it was known. He further
t hat no up mber of the l 'nl
versal Brotherhood haa asked him for
any statement of the disposition of
funds contributed by them or by
others for the < üban relief work; and
swears further that no official reports
are made or have ever been made by
the offli ■ various departments
of the Universal Brotherhood to the
members, except once each year. Hu
further swears that the few pi iple
who call themselves Theosophlsts and
are reported aa making inquiry and
circulating libelous stories of the work
of Mis. Tfngley In Cuba are not nvm
i" is of the Universal Brotherhood,
their names having been stricken from
ilfe - e\ era 1 mont hs si i
Sworn xm and subscribe d before mt
this the Bth (lay of .May. iv.'.
EMIL AUG. NERESHEIMER.
rSoall A. DAGGETT,
Public in and for the < 'ity and
Com ■ t San Francisco, State of
California.
TALK FOR THEiR KIND.
Theosophists, Led by Mrs. Ting
ley, Speak of Universal
Brotherhood.
The Universal Brotherhood, Interna
tional Council of Theoaophista in America,
held a public meeting lust nigM< In Metro
politan Temple, ; 1 1 which addresses were
delivered by (Catherine A. Tlngley, leader
and official hcaii of the league. Several
of hr cabinet officers and representatives
in the recent congress of theosophlsts at
Point Loma, CaL, also spoke on various
subjects.
The purposes of the organization were
explained and the principles taught by it
were discussed at great length by the
speakers. The main topic which 'engaged
their attention was the "Philosophy of
.Life," by which a nobler manhood may be
attained.
There was music by the noted London
Wagrnerian interpreters, Mrs. Alice i..
Cleather and Basil Crump. A large audi
ence gathered ;it the Temple and testified
their appreciation bj frequent applause.
Henry Turner Patterson, treasurer of
the Arlon Thcosophlcal Society of New
York, acted as chairman and introduced
the tirst speaker of the evening, B. A.
Nereshelmer, president of the cabinet of
the Universal Brotherhood. His subject
was "The Philosophj of Life and How It
Came Lnto Existence."
"Universal Brotherhood," he said, "i.s
spiritualism, occultism or, In fact,
any 01 the 'isms.' 11 »;ts organized for
the people of the earth and taught the
highest philosophy the philosophy of life,
which is in ai| books, in all religioua
Scriptures, l>iu essentially In the human
heart and soul. The proof of the strength
of the soul lies in the fact ili.it aa people
grow older the mind grows chore self-as
sertive. .Man is the apex uf. evolution.
Hi- is an Intellectual i«'inn am) not a
Jumble or a cnaos. The philosophy of
Uf, came Into existence by a natural reali
zation "i those Belf-evldent truths.
Mrs. Tingley next addressed the ass. m
iii;iK r <- and s.nd in the course "t" her re
mai ks:
"Universal brotherhood is the might}
tori • of the nineteenth centurj wnich
moves and touches the minds ol men ami
will carrj It Into the next century. One
great thing that we teach is the 'heart
doctrini which Is all that can be really
ded on. Humanity has taught too
much of the letter and too little of tlu
spirit of things. There arc different doc
trines, all claiming to be the key note to
the real life, imi the 'heat-: doctrine' more
nearlj approaches the ideal. Wherever
the heart rules spirituality is, for the
heart is the Beat of the soul.
"There are people who live In their
mentality si* much, and In their soul so
little that they are continually demand
ing proofs The Universal Brotherhood
[8 endeavoring to bring forward the
proofs of what ii believes in.
"My experience In prisons and slums is
that 11 takes almost all eternity to change
a man's life by reasoning with him, or
seeking to convince him on a faith basis.
The Brotherhood, In Its endeavor to up
lift humanity, tries to touch the man's
heart and by appealing to something thai
moves the heart. This method has m>-t
with enormous success. Man should be
taught to energi2e his body and soul with
spiritual thoughts, for then blsrotry, In
tolerance and the spirit of persecution will
be a thing of the past and we will have
a mighty humanity.
"Let the lives of the little ones be
molded bo thai they win be better citizens
than you or I. Let us cultivate a higher
spirit 'of patriotism, a higher spirituality
and a greater spirit of brotherly love."
Mr Fverson L. Harris of Macon, <;a.,
superintendent of the International
Brotherhood Colony at Point Loma, was
the next speaker and was followed by
Dr. Jerome A. Anderson, who argued that
we flo not have a ri^ht philosophy of
life.
"We have become one-sided in our de
velopment," said he. "We of the Wesl
have cultivated the intellect at the ex
pense of the heart. That is why the Uni
versal Brotherhood lays so much stress
on the •heart doctrine.' A man may have
all the sciences at his liiiKor tips and yet
be a moral monster. The child is not
taught to develop its soul in the direction
oi belplng his fellow creatures, as it
should be. tlold. greed, power and self
ishness are our main ideas winch come
not from the heart, but are intellect born.
Let vis learn to develop the heart side of
our nature.
'•The philosophy of life hrinßs to the
world a message Of peace and love. The
day will soon dawn when men will recog
nlae one divinity, that humanity are all
brotht ■
Short addresses were also made by
dark Thurston, I >r. Allen Griffith, presi
dent of San Francisco Lodge, and Mrs.
Alice L. Cleather, who spoke on the "Per
t". .-ability of Man."
The chairman announced thai the meet
ing will be continued this evening vi the
same place.
Genuine Buckeye Mowers, the best.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. •
ARE CLAMORING
STURDILY FOR
THEIR MONEY
Contractors in a Peck
of Trouble.
— « —
THEY BLAME CHARLES BESORT
ARCHITECTS REFUSE TO -0 X"
HIS HEATING PLANT
His Company Sublet Their Mission
High School Contract to Local
Tradesmen. Who Are Now
Demanding Their Pay.
♦
The Hoard of Education and Auditor
wvils ;irv having a heap of trouble over
the payment of the bills of certain con
tractors who supplied the heating and
ventilating plant of the new Mission Ili^h
School. The IV' k-Williamson Ventilating
Company was awarded the contract to
equip the new hl^h school with proper
ventilating and heating facilities, but it
seems that after the work was completed
Architects Havens and Topke refuse. l to
pass the job for the reason that it was
[ "wholly unsatisfactory." The company's
agent, Charles Besort, is said to be re
sponsible for the quality of the work ami
there Is a score of local sub-contractors
who cannot get their money who shy at
the mention of Besort's name. The ven
tilating company was the main oon
i tractor, but it in turn made contracts
with several local tradesmen, such a.;
metal roofers, plumbers, painters, etc.,
for thi> performance of such work on the
ventilating and heating plant being
placed In the school as came within their
special line.
When the plant was finally installed in
the building Besort called the attention
of the architects to the work and they
went through the usual formality of test
ing the plant. The heaters failed to heat
the rooms to the stipulated temperature.
the ventilators did not work properly, and
in short. Architect- Havens and Topke
flatly refused to situ Besort's demand for
the final payment unless he placed the
plant In propi r working order and finish
ed it In compliance with the plans and
specifications.
This placed the sub-contractors in an
unfortunate position, as they have 1 n
unable to get tin ir money. The company
has not as yet evinced any desire to set
tle with the sub-contractors and a merry
row is in progress.
The sub-contractors, all of whom are
reputable business men. have served both
the Board of Education and the Auditor
•vlth notices apprising them of the situ
ation and requesting them not to pay
Peck Williamson i<r Co. a cent until their
claims are first .settled.
CONTRACT IS RESCINDED.
Board of Education Decides Not to
Purchase F. L. Turpin's
Property.
At a Bpecial meeting of the Hoard of
Education lust night a resolution was
passed rescinding the contract entered
into by the old board and F. L. Turpin In
i-;.iit .-nil >. r of last year for the purchase
ol a l"t from the latter at the corner of
Twenty-third and Douglaa streets. The
consideration named In the agreement to
purchase was (12,000, and Turpin had re
ceived his warrant fur that amount. As
he was unable t<> get his money owing to
lack of cash in the school fund, he nat
urally refuse,] to part with a deed to the
property. He finally proposed to call the
deal «>ff and tho resolution was Intro
duced for the purpose of releasing both
parties to the contract and preventing
further complications.
Russel's Dog a Winner.
The handsome Irish Bett< r Wallace
Bwlveler, which carried dft" the prizes .it
the dog show last we.-k. Is the property
of Thomas Russel and not of A. J. Tru
man as heretofore stated.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
444444444444 4 44444
j Medicines Free, :
4. ' DR. MEYERS & CO. charge a rea- .
sonable fee fur curing their patients. [*;
! 4 There Is no other expense. They supply 4.
a the necessary remedies, appliances, etc.,
♦" without additional cost. They do not 4
4. jend their patrons to a high-priced drug .
store to have their prescriptions filled ▼
4 by careless or incompetent clerks. 4.
4 --*— -^«^ JL.
"*" OR. MEYERS & CO. prescribe for "*"
4 each patient such remedies as the case 4.
J may require. Their prescriptions are
•4 carefully compounded by competent 4
.A. pharmacists in their own private labo- a
ratories. ABSOLUTELY FREE. "*"
4- DR. MEYERS & CO. never use mm- 4.
oral or other dangerous drugs. All
;4- their remedies are prepared {rom the 4-
* extracts of buds, barks, berries, roots, »
flowers gums, fruits, herbs and plants. ~
4 DR. MEYERS ft CO.'S specialties are: 4.
I,ost vitality, wasting weakness, mi-
-4 natural losses, drains, etc., nervous 4
.4. debility, special and contracted ail- 4.
I ments, rupture, varicocele and piles; T
I 4 diseases Of the kidneys, heart, liver, 4-
. lun«s and stomach.
i 4 DR. MEYERS A CO. have never been 4
.4. satisfied with taking money for Doth- 4.
• InK or jrivlng only temporary relief. \
4- They have built up their extensive prac r 4
tlce by making PERMANENT CURES .
4" and by strictly honorable business deal- "▼"
4. Ings. ' 4-
4. FREE BOOK— HOME CURES. 4-
4. DR. MEYERS & CO. cure and restore 4.
; a great many men every year without
!4" seeing them. Sufferers who cannot call 4-
\ should write for their book. "MAR- »
■♦" RIAGE GUIDE: PRIVATE COUN- "*"
4. SELOR FOR MEN," symptom blanks, 4.
prices and full particulars of their
4" wonderful Home-Cure system. 4-
-- ALL CORRESPONDENCE CONFIDENTIAL- 4-
:DR.MEYEKS&CO.,:
a 73/ MARKET ST., S. F.
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
■*■ Daily, 8 to 5. ■*■
4- HOURS: Evenings, 7 to S. 4-
Sundays, 9 to 11. ,
4-4- + 4- + + + 4- + + + 4- + 44- + 4.+
/
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
OVER WORK MAKES
WEAK KIDNEYS.
Unhealthy Kidneys Make Impure Blood.
YOUR KIDNEYS ARE YOUR BLOOD PURIFIERS.
The Prompt Way to Cure Yourself When Symptoms
Show That Your Kidneys Are Out of Order.
To Test the Wonderful Merits of the Great Modern
Discovery, Swamp-Root, Every "Call" Reader
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
The way to be well is to pay attention |
to your kidneys.
They are tli" most important organs
of the body the blood filters.
All the blood in your body passes
through your kidneys once every thr>'>'
minutes.
The kidneys strain or filter out the
impurities in the blood— that is their j
work.
Purifying your blood is not a ques- '
tion of taking a laxative or physic.
Does your blood run through your
bowels?
"What the bowel-cleaner does is to
throw out the poisons confined in your
bowels ready for absorption Into your
blood, but the poisons which are al-
ready in your blood, causing your pres-
ent sickness, it leaves there.
There is no other way of purifying 1
your blood except by means of your
kidneys.
That is why bowel-cleaners fail to do
their work— they fail to help the kid-
neys.
When you are sick, then, no matter
what you think the name of your dis-
ease is, the first thing you should d>> is
to afford aid to your kidneys by usinc
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great !
Kidney Remedy. .
In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to nature, for Swamp- Root
is the most perfect healer and gentle ;
aid to the kidneys that is known to
medical Bdence. I
HER HORSE RAN AWAY.
Mrs. Ellsworth Has Two Exciting
Experiences in the Panhandle.
Mrs. .}. W. Ellsworth, who residi
Maker and Qrove streets, had two > x< it
lnp experiences yesterday in the park
panhandle while driving a fractious horse
1 attached to a park carl containing, be
sides herself, her child and a lady friend.
The animal twice ran away and was over
taken as many times and brought to a
halt by Park Policeman Kavanagh, hut
not before it had broken a wheel and al
most succeeded In overturning the vehi
cle and throwing out tin cupants.
The horse first t"<'k the bil in his teeth
at Stanyan street and was running away
beyond the cent ml of Mrs. Ellsworth,
when Kavanagh saw it and went in chase.
[He overtook the run Lway at Ashbury
Street and after quieting the animal down
and tiKhtenhiK the Check he allowed Mrs.
Ellsworth to proceed on her belief that
she could hold the horse. Half a block
farther on the second runaway started
and in Mrs. Ellsworth's attempts to stop
the horse he ran up on one of the bor
ders of the panhandle, tilting the vehicle
dangerously and breaking several spokes
from one of the wheels. Kavanagh
reached the scene in time to save more
serious accident.
Two Bad Husbands.
1.. D. Batchelor, foreman at the Enter
prise Brewery, was arrested yesterday on
complaint "f his wife fur beating her
whm Phe went yesterday morning to col
; lect lier alimony. Robinson Craven, a
i laborer, was also arrested on complaint
of his wife. Annie, who lives with her
mother at r.4 Mission street, and who ae
cußes him of calling at the house on
Saturday nipht and choking her. besides
threatening to kill all who were in the
house.
Mrs. Baird Sued.
William <";ihill lias sued Mrs. Veronica
C. Balrd upon an assigned claim of $1500.
The claim is for legal Bervices rendered
at thf defendant's instance by N 11
Hunt.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
THE GREATEST SUCCESS OF THE
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
AS GREAT A TRIUMPH AS"THE MIKADO."
The Most Gorgeous Japanese Production Ever
Seen In the City.
EVERY EVENING
i LITTLE TYCOON.
CHEERED AND ENCORED TO THE ECHO
By an Immense Audience Last Xight.
SEE THE MARVELOUBLY BEAUTIFUL
AND ENCHANTING JAPANESE DANCE.
PRICES, 25 AND 50 CENTS
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Branch Ticket nflire, 724 Market Strict, Oppo-
-it.- I 'all IV.ill.'.iim.
CONCERTS ANL KEoOiiTS.
Universal Brotherhood— Katherine A. Tingley,
Leader and official head. Cabinet officers and
many representative! to the recent congress at
Point Loma. '"al . will address a public meeting
in Metropolitan Temple TUESDAY EVENING,
May ?. The purposes of the organization Will
be explained, and particularly what it is NOT.
Music by the noted London Wagnerian inter-
preters, Mrs. Alice L. Cleather and Mr. Basil
frump. Adimission free A meeting will als<>
l>e held th" same evening al B o'clock at Hamil-
ton Hall, 13th and Jefferson sts
SL'TRO BATHS.
OFEN NIGHTS
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. Bathing
From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, sc.
1 Bathing, Including admission, 25c; children. 20a
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent physician
and specialist, has attained a far famed
reputation through the discovery and
marvelous success of Swamp-Root in
purifying the blood, and thereby curing
chronic and dangerous diseases, caused
by sick kidneys, of which some of the
symptoms are given below.
Pain or dull ache in back or head,
rheumatism, neuralgia, nervousness,
dizziness, irregular heart, sleeplessness,
sallow complexion, dropsy, irritability,
loss of ambition, obliged t ■ pass water
Often during the day. and to g"t up
many tim< nt, and all forms of
kidney, bladder and uric acid troubles.
Swamp-Root is sold by all dealers, in
fifty-cent or one-dollar bottles. Make a
note of the name. SWAMP-ROOT, Dr.
Kilmers F*vamp-Root, and remember
it is prepared only by Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, X. T.
To prove the wonderful merits of his
great discovery he now offers to every
reader of this paper a prepaid free
sample bottle of Swamp-Root, which
he will send to any address, free by
mail.
A book about Health, I>i<'t and Dis-
ease as Related to your Kidneys and
giving some of the thousands upon
thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from the sufferers cured, also
sent free with the sample bottle.
The great discovery, Swamp-Root, is
so remarkably successful that our read-
ers are advised to write for a sample
bottle and to kindly mention the San
Francisco Daily Call when sending
thHr addresses to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, NT. Y.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
, Every Night, Including Sunday.
II LAUGHS _ L , _ L
! LO^G Charles Frohman pre-
an'd sents his fun nest and most
. LiNCER iK C . successful larce,
Lli>ljcni 'ij.
"ON and OFF."
! • Told by the Greatest Cast of Come- •
I \ dians m Amerca. \
I -
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreltng ..Proprietor and Mgr.
f TO-NIGHT AT 8-94 th TIME.
The Japanese Musical Play.
THE GEISHA
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING,
100 th Performance -Last Time -SOUVENIR NIGHT.
I To Commence MONDAY. May lj— The
Operatic F°antnsie,
"ORPHEUS AND EI'RYDICE."
A Galaxy of Beauty.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
Popular Prtoes 25c and 509
Our Telephone, Hush 9.
i' ZAZELE AND VERNON,
Triple Bar Artists.
LA PETITE LUND,
Cleverest Child Actress.
HUGH BTANTON AND FLORENI.K MODE-
NA in the satire. "FOR REFORM."
JAS. RICHMOND OLENROT, Monologist.
JOHN LE CLAIR. Comic Juggler.
SISTERS HAWTHORNE, new act, "The Lily
of the Laßuna."
THE VALDARES. DILLON BROTHERS,
FOUR NELSON SISTERS.
Reserved Seats 26": .Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR
THE PLAY, COMPANY AND PRODUCTION
A BIG HIT.
Clay M. Greene's Farcical Comedy.
HIS
JAPANESE WIFE!
—EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15,
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
RESERVED . . , IE- « c « r Sft c
SEATS I3C » " C > VC ' " "
Seats by Telephone, Main 254.
i Weekly Call $1.00 per Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
BUMMAR? OF THE MAKKETS.
Silver firmer.
whe;it ftn d Barley dull.
Other cereals uTichanged.
Liberal supply of Hay still on hand.
- dull,
weak and quieter.
i onions weak.
1 h anclng.
Hutter and Cheese easy.
Large Eastern Poultry.
imewhal higher.
Fresh Fruits about the same.
Provisions unchanged.
■ unaltered.
PEACHES WILL BE SCARCE
NOT MORE THAN HALF A CROP EXPECT-
PPLE PROSPECTS AUK BRIGHT.
The New York Commercial says; "The sea- |
foii is far enough advanced to make predic
tions regarding the peach crop reasonably cor
rect. Recent reports corroborate the state- i
ments previously published, to the effect that
throughout the Southern peach belt the crop
Is a virtual failure. Georgia shipped over 2000
cars last year. This year not a car will leave
that State. In some sections of Maryland the
ruin Is complete. In others there will be a
email crop.
"Delaware will produce considerably less
than last year. The yield In that State has j
declined from 9,000.000 baskets, a few years ago,
to 1,000,000 last year, and probably not half
that quantity this year.
"In the northern tier of States the outlook
Is lens gloomy. Michigan was injured some
what, but not so seriously us was expected.
Illinois will have a fair yield, and the fame is
true of Ohio. Western New York will yield
about as freely as ever California will have
a bumper crop, and there" will unquestionably
be liberal crops In Washington and Oregon.
Summing up all available Information, it ap
pears that the crop will •■- about one-half what I
It would have been without the severe Febru
ary freeze.
"It Is too early to Bay much about apples.
The eleven great producing States appear like- j
ly to have, a fair crop. The trees are in full
bloom along the Southern producing range, but
not until the blossom fails can the size of the
pet be definitely determined. Growers predict
a fair >;.;■!. Through the States of Ohio and
Indiana and some parts of Illinois, growers
say the yield will be heavier than the average.
New York promises well, so far as can be de
termini now. Pennsylvania will probably )
yield as many as the average. The Pacific
Coast expects a large crop."
NEW YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
Mail advices from New York say of that dried
fruit market: "Prunes are firm. Supplies are |
small for the season, both here and on the I
coast, and while trade Is quiet. It is believed ;
by holders that it will be sufficient to clean
up everything obtainable before the new crop |
comes In. Added to that Is the influence of
the drop, which is reported larger than antici- ]
pated No news has been received so far as '
reported from Oregon and Washington, which
leads to the conclusion that the crop is prob
ably in fair condition.
"Nothing new is reported in raisins. There
Is a fair consuming demand for most grades !
of California loose muscatels, and prices ap- |
p«ar to be tending upward. It would be dlffl- I
cult to buy ungraded below '■■ . and some hold
ers are even firmer in their views. For foreign
varieties there is almost no demand and offer-
Ings are made by one firm at only hall" the j
importation price to clean out what they have
in hand.
"Apricots are steady, but the price is pro
hibitive, and trailing is consequently small.
Some are reported returned from Europe, the '
price In this market being larger than can be i
secured there .it present. It is said in the
trade that not an apricot will be left when
the new crop comes In.
"Peaches contlnu? firm and prices are too
high to admit of much trading. Consumers
will scarcely accept substitutes and some will
have peaches anyway, whatever tho cost. All
stocks are firmly held In view of present short- '
age and the possibility of a greatly reduced
crop this season."
STOCKS OF HAY.
Th«> Hay Association has compiled a state
ment of hay in store In public warehouses nnd j
In private barns, on May 1, 1899, showing the
visible supply, and covering the counties that j
send their hay to San Francisco markets. The j
figures have been furnished by the warehouse- j
men or other recognized authorities at the I
various points, as follows:
Tons. Tons
Livermore 650 Walnut Creek .... C"
Pleasanton 1,5» Danville 775 i
Punol 60 McAvoys 30y I
Haywards 4'^ Ant loch 400:
Decoto 250 Rio Vista 100 '
Irvington 300 Stockton 1,000
Warm Springs 20" Woodland 200 ■
Milpitas 3'X> Marysvllle .: 250 I
Mount Eden 170 Chlco I.IM I
Alvlso 180 Horncut 200 i
Mountain View I.ofti> Suisun 200 |
Redwood ".:>il Benicla 100 !
Belmont 300 Vallejo 150 !
Menlo 200 Napa Valley -, 1 -"" '
Mayfleld 230 Reclamation 700 i.
Holllster 1,233 Pet iraa 1.100 i
Tres Plnos '100 Santa Rosa .... 1,500 j
San P.tblo : 150 Sonoma 3*>o i
Pinole. 150 San Francisco 4.000 I
Martinez 300jCotatl 700 j
Concord 3«X> | I
Bay Point loo| Total 25,918 j
GOVERNMENT MONET IN SAN FRAN- I
CISCO.
Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of the ,
United States at San Francisco, reports cash
on hand April SO, as follows:
United States notes $ 3,330 0
Treasury notes of l«90 3,4% 00
National Hank notes 6,025 00
Gold certificates 305,31*0 00
Silver certificates 12.V.23 00 j
Gold coin 7.172. 105 69 |
Standard silver dollars 26,259.545 00 ]
Subsidiary silver coin 270.691 90 ]
Minor coin 11,262 35 j
Total 134,159,280 '.'4 I
Shipments of silver coin from the same office
In the month of April, ISM, were as follows:
Standard silver dollars $99,500
Subsidiary silver ...: 78,650
Total $178,150 |
WEATHER REPORT.
(12<Hh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8. 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of sam» date
last ..-on, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This La.«t
Stations — 24 hours. Season Season.
Eureka 0.00 32. 31.33
Red Bluff 0.00 20.00 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 14.00 8.87
San Francisco 0.00 IC.OO 7.75
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.1'
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 16.46 6.16
Los Angeles 0.00 4.95 f..CO
San Diego 0.00 4.91 4.62
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 46; mean, 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Mon
tana and the upper Missouri Valley. There has
been no marked rise within the limits .if obser
vation. An area of high pressure lies off the
northern coast and will cause continued warm
weather over the greater portion of the Pacific
Slope. The temperature has already risen from
8 to 10 decrees over Central California. Nevada
and Utah. There has been a sharp fall over
Washington and Oregon. A maximum tempera
ture of 90 degrees is reported from Red Bluff.
There has been no rain in California.
A maximum wind velocity of 40 mil per
hour from the south is reported at the mouth
of the Columbia River.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight May 9.
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; fresh
northwest winds. _' ■'- ■-.■_■
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; warmer;
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
nort h v. i
ALEXANDER McADIE. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May B Liquidation was quite
general In the stock market to-day and ma
t-rial declines prevailed. There was do news
of importance and disappointment at the bad
showing of the Lank statement on Saturday
Wemed to color speculative sentiment. Ster
ling exchange was al«.ut steady and money
ily eafiier. Such ralli.-s as took place
were feeble and In each instance brought out
further sales, leaving the market at the end
weak at about the lOWWrt for the railways,
although son t the ipecialUes in the lute
Felling movement retained part of the advan-
I on an atternoon rally. Arbitrage
•- purchased some 80,000 snares during
die ■ irei n weakiiM*, 'i' l|e market continued
feverish practically all day.- There was forced
liquidation of tnarelnal accounts by commis-
I tuses. Some lniportant lnt<-re.-in let go
on the assumption that rather larger
mobilities have been taken by certain un
ritlng syndicate*. The talk of the forma
t ;. q of a new ste.-i "trust" with a tremen
d. us capitalisation caused uneasiness In b >me
qu irters rtfultine In declines o; over t points
!n Federal sieri shares and over 2 In American
Steel and Wire. The Flower Mocks wen
for b.th Western and local ace, unt. Brooklyn
ilt losing 8%, People's Gas 1% and Atch
■ eierreri IV The t.^nor of the QTOp ad
• :,~ conflicting, but the firrariK-is receded
smartlr. Burlington losing over 2 points an I
Bt V^ul and Northweflt arKiut half as much.
Ami UK the coalers Delaware and Hudson and
Jersey Central were Uown over a i>olnt each.
New York Central suffered a loss of 2% In con- i
nection with Its unfavorable showing for April
compared with last year, although this Is partly
explainable by the earlier date at which navi
gation opened last year. Other weak spots in I
the railways were Baltimore and Ohio, Perm- !
sylvania, Union Pacific, C. C. and St. Louis, i
Northern Pacific and Missouri Pacific. Sugar j
and Lead were among the heavy Industrials, i
Amalgamated Copper sagged on the curb, which
caused Anaconda mlninc to be without sup
port. General Electric, which rose over a point, '
was the conspicuous exception to the market's
weakness. The deposit of $10,000,000 In warrants :
against the Treasury in a local bank which is
managing the transfer of the Spanish Indemnity
was taken to be the cause of the easier tone j
in money, as the operation had not been ex- j
pected until later this week. I
Some sharp declines were effected to-day In 1
active bonds, but the higher-grade issues only
receded moderately. Total sales, $2,750,000.
United States new 4 s registered and the old
4 6 coupon advanced v and new 4's coupon,
th « sb and the 3 ' s - '* in the bid price.
I he total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
1,C0i>,550 shares, Inculdlng: American Smelting,
4/00; American Wire and Steel, 48,000; do pre- i
ferred, 4000; American Sugar Refining. 41.700; ; '
American Tin Plate. MOo; Anacondas. 27.200; :
Atchlson. 9000; do preferred. 81,000; Brooklyn I
Rapid Transit, 105.700; Central Pacific 4700;
Burlington rights. 5600; do preferred, 2700; Chi- ' '
cago Con. Traction. 2700; Colorado Fuel and ! '
Iron. 8000; Consolidated Gas, 6800; Continental I ■
Tobacco, 27,200; do preferred. 4000; Denver and i
Rio Grande. 3200; do preferred, 4200; Federal ',
steel, &9 f 4oO.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 17% St L & S W 13% '
Do prefd 54% Do prefd 31
Baltimore & Ohio. *.•' • St Paul 12314
Canada Pacific.. .9S | D ■■> prefd .-.170 "
Canada Southern.. ;,3 St P & Om 93%
cent Pac 47',; Do prefd 170 "
Ches & Ohio 25% So Pacific 29 > <
Chi & Alton.. 160 Bo Railway in; .
i Chi B & Q 131H Do prefd 50',
Chi & E 111 :r,\ Texas & Pacific. 21 "
Do prefd 120 Union Pacific .... ■»:% ■
I Chi Q \V 12% Do prefd 75% J
Chi lnd & L '•'.. Wabash 7% (
Do prefd 40 j Do prefd 2"\ ' '
Chi & N W 152 Wheel & L X 10% i
Do nrefd _ 192 Do prefd 30 1
C c c & St L — 54' ; Express Companies — ■ .
Do prefd 95 .Adams Ex 112
Del .v Hudson. ...ll6'i! American Ex 140 .
1 Del 1. & W 107 United States .... 50 ',
Den & Rio <; 21% Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 75 Miscellaneous-
Erie new 12% A Cot Oil 33% '
Do Ist prefd — 33% Do prefd 94 " M
Ft Wayne IS4 Amn Spirits 12 | "
Gt Nor prefd IS4 Do prefd .34 !(
Hocking Val 10 Am Tobacco 721S^ i (
Illinois Cent 113% Do prefd 143 ! 1
Lake Erie & W.... 16 Cons Gas 166 I]
Do prefd 66'; Com Cable Co ...."73
Lake Shore 200 Col F & Iron 474
Louis A Nash .... 6i\ Do prefd 108 '• '
Manhattan L 113 Gen Electric 119 !
Met St Ry 230 Haw Coml C 0.... 122% P
Mich Cent 113 Brooklyn R T... 120%
Minn & St L 59 Intnl Paper 50%
Do Ist prefd — I Do prefd SO
Mo Pacific 4614 Laclede Gas 63 ' i
Mobile & Ohio .. 40 Lead ... 314 '' i
Mo X & T 1:1,: Do prefd 112%
Do prefd 354 Fed Steel 60%
N" ■' Central in: . Do prefd ... SOI4
N V Central 132%-Nat Lin Oil 4 1
N V Chi & St L.. I3H Pacific Mall 43 : (
Do Ist prefd .... 66 'People's Gas .. . l20" s
Do -d prerd .... j Pullman Pal ... 156 '. i
Nor West 18% Silver Cert 6Ui (
No Amer Co 10% Standard R & T. 8%
No Pacific 48\i Sugar 153%
Do prefd "\ Do prefd 11n>-, !
Ontario & W 24 , T C & Iron 59%
Or R■& Nay prefd. 67 US Leather ... 614
Pac Coast Ist pfd. *1 Do prefd 70%
Do 2d prefd .... 57 US Rubber 49% 1
Pittsburg IS4 : Do pref.l 116 i .
Reading 20 West Union 914,
Do Ist prefd .... 55-*; Am S & W Co.. 6f>t;
R <; W m ; Do prefd 9S>4 '
Do prefd 75 Pac Coast 37* '
Rock Island 112 1 - Nor & W prefd.... 66 '
St L& S F lOU'Colo'So :,•_ ;
Do prefd 6S I Do Ist prefd .... 46V» ■ .
Do 2d prefd — ?.:,', ' !>., 2d prefd 18 ■
CLOSING BONDS.
U > 2s reg 994 Colo Southern 45.. S6H i
Do 3s reg 108 M X & T 2ds 66',i ■
Do 3s coup 108 i Do 4s 94<4 ■
Do new 4s reg. ..129 N V Cent l-ts 114% '■
Do new 4s coup.. 129'; N J Cent gen 55.. IVj\
Do old 4s reer....112^ No Carolina 6s 127 ;
Do old 4s c0up..."113'-i Do is 104 '
Do 6a reg lil » No Pacific lsts 120 '
Do 5s coup 11 l T Do 3s 67 f
Dlst of C 3. 60s 117 ! Do 4s 104 1
Alabama class A. .110 JN V C & St I. 4s..lCt>V* !
Do class B 110 Nor & W con 45... 94
Do class C  101 Do en 6s 13') •
Do Currency 100 Oregon Nay 15t5.*.. 114
Atchlson gen 45....101 ' Do 4s 103
Do adj Is "-- 1 Oregon S L 6* 131
Canada So 2ds 11l Do con ns 111%*
Ches i- Ohio 4"5... 94 Reading gen 4s KG^ i -
Do 5s Hi)', Rio G W Ists 97 j ,
Chi & N W con 75. 144 St L & I M con .'s.lH)\ | 1
Do S F deb 5s 121 St Lit S F gen 6s. 124 - ,
Chicago Term 15. ..101 St Paul con 168
Den & Rio <: lsts.-.105«4 St PC & P lsts.... 122% ,
Do 4s 10214 Do 5s 123 i .
E T V& <; Ist? . . . I%>- So Railway 5s 110 I -
Erie gen 4s 71 " Stand H & T 65... S7* '
F w & I) C lsts... S4Vi Term new set 35... 97
Gen Electric 55.. 117 Tex & Pacific lsts. ll6 . .
G H & S A 8s 114 Do 2ds 54% ! ,
Do .Is I'U-. Union Pacific 45.. .10fi».. : ■
H & T C 5s 113 . V\'abasfa Ists 1144 j :
Do con 6s 112 Vi Do 2ds 9SHi I 1
lowa Cent lsts 113 West Shore is 114% !
KCP &<: Ists.... 66 Wis Cent lsts 70 .
La new con 4s 110 Va Centuries M
L& N unified la.. SB% Do Deferred 5
MINING STOCKS.
'hollar 30 Ontario 800 ;
Crown Point IS Ophir 1 15 j ,
Con Cal & V....... 1 00 Plymouth 10 ! ,
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 2 2:. j !
Gould & Curry 34 Do prefd bOO | ,
Hale & Norcross.. 24 Sierra Nevada.... 95 j '
li mestake 55 00 Standard 250 .
Iron Sliver 65 Union Con 44 | I
Mexican 60 Yellow Jacket . 40 j ;
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- Ed Elec Tel 198
Call loans 3^@4 Atchlson prefd.. 55
Time loans 3Vt;4 Bonds-
Stocks — Atchison 4s 100-/S
Atch Top & St Fe. 17% Gen Electric 55.... 114%
; Amer Sugar 152% Mining Shares—
; Do prefd 116 lAllouez Mm C 0.... 9%
Bell Tel S.'O I Atlantic -"3
i i- -■ '1 & Albany. .2s6 Boston & Mont :."■ ■•
I Boston & Maine.. .l9o JButte & Boston aS
Boston L 109 Calumet & Ileclt..SlS
Chi Bur & Q 131% Centennial 37
Fitchburg 110 Franklin 21
Gen Electric 119 Old Dominion 41% .
Federal Steel.. ... 60Vi Osceola 86%
Do prefd 81 Quincy 16Z
Mexican Central... 13 Tamarack 223
Old Colony Ms Wolverine 44
Rubber 43 Parrott ES
Union Pacific 12% Adventure H
West End 94 Wlnona 15
We.:tingh Elec 49% Union Land i
Wls Cent 1% Humboldt Hi
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May B.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quiet and Irregular to- 1
! day on the eve of settlement beginning to- !
i morrow. Americans opened flat, hardened I
slightly, and then relapsed Into dullness. New
j York refrained from supporting them, and the
lose was heavy at the worst, particularly for
Central Pacific and Union Pacific, Coppers
were weak. Tint's opened at 4.' : and closed
at 43H. Anacondas opened at 12, rallied on
1 New York buying to 12?j, and finished at 12.
Utahs were SV4-
It Is said that insiders an* depressing the I
price In order to take up all the shares for the
United States. Bostons were 2%. Silver was
hard on Indian buying and bearish coverings,
Money was easier.
CLOSING.
LONDON. May B.— Canadian Pacific. 100%;
Union Pacific preferred, 78"i: Grand Trunk, h;
them Pacific preferred, i.0%: bar silver, un
certain, 2S 3-16 d; money, 1 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May B.— FLOUR— Receipts, 13, -
I 903; exports, 17,567. Quiet and nominally lower.
I WHEAT— Receipts, 46,250; exports, 208,554;
' spot, easy; No. 2 red. 83% c spot f. o. b. afloat 1
and 79Hc elevator; No. 2 red, 82% c to arrive f. >
o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 80% cr. o.
1, afloat to arrive. Options opened steady on I
the bullish Illinois State report, but developed,
heaviness that lasted all day and left the mar
ket weak at "d®"ic net decline. Wall street un- j
loaded considerable wheat, and local houses ;
sold on favorable crop weather and light ex
. port business. May. 78'/i@79c, closed 7fc"<tc; July,
76 7-16@77c, closed 76% c; September, 75V4@76',4c,
closed ' 75% c; December. 74Vi@77"4c, closed 7. ic.
H< >IS- Dull.
HIDES- Steady.
i WOOL — Dull.
METALS — The market showed a certain
amount of softness under lack of demand and
laiger offerings. Changes, however, were not of
special consequence. News from primary points
and abroad averaged up pretty much as ex
pected. At the close the Metal Exchange
called: r .V
PIG IRON— Warrants quiet, at $11 nominal.
COPPER— Lake, dull at $19.
TlN— Dull and lower, with $25 60 bid and
$25 70 asked.
LEAD— Quiet but firm, with $4 40 bid and $4 50
asked.
SPELTER— Quiet, with 16 75 bid and $7 asked.
The brokers' price for lead "Is $4 20 and for
copper $19.
COFFEE— closed barely steady and I
■ unchanged to points lower. Sales, 12,750 bags
Including: May. 19 15; June. *5 2606 30; July,
$5 30© 5 36; October, 15 60; November. $5 65; De
cember, J5 85I&5 90; March, $5 95@6; April, $6 10. !
spot coffee — Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c
No. 7 Jobbing. 6%c. Mild, steady.
t SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, steady and firm
BUTTER— 9it>9 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 14©17 c; factory, 12®13c.
EGGS— Receipts, £0,360 packages. Easier-
Western, 13@13^c.
THE MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, May B— Money on call steady,
2'-i#4"4 per cent; las' loan, 3' ; per cent. Prime
! mercantile paper, 3*404% per cent. Sterling ex
chanjre steady, with actual business in baW#ra'
bills at $4 87>4®4 87H for demand and at $4 SsVi@
4 SE'.i for 60 days; posted rates, $4 86',^ and
$4 S8&: commercial Mils. $4 84^4 So. Sliver
certificates, 61U4T62C. Bar silver, 61% c. Mexi
can dollars, 4> ;^.c. Government bonds, strong;
i State bonds, firmer; railroad bonds, weak.
THE SA3* FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1599."
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May B.— Bullish State crop reports
and a belief among- traders that the Govern
ment report would show a sharp decline in the
condition started wheat firm. Trade was dull,
however, and the market turned weak under
heavy realizing. Favorable weather and the
blockade at Buffalo accelerated the decline.
July opened unchanged at 72> i SiC. advanced
to 72% c, declined to 71"N>@71"ic and closed with
buyers at 71}; c. ' ,„ ,
. Receipts were comparatively light. \\ orld s
shipments to Europe were 8,820,000 bushels, and
wheat en ocean passage showed an increae of
2,112,000 bushels for the weeK.
Prospects of an Immense acreage and the tie
up In Lake navigation at Buffalo weakened
corn. . July closed 74C lower.
Large receipts and the weakness in wheat
and corn caused the downfall of oats. July |
lost >.<■
Covering in consequence of comparatively
small hog receipts strengthened provisions
early. The advance was all lost, however, on
profit-taking. July pork lost 10c, lard 7%c and
ribs 2Vt@sc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 71 71% 70% 70%
July 72% 72% 71% 71%
September 71% 72 71 "1&
Corn No. —
May 32% 32% 32Vi 82%
July Z?,\ 33% 33 33
September 34% 34' 3 33% 33%
Oats No. 2—
May 26H 26% 26' i 26',i
July 233 i 23% 28% -•"•'*
September 21% 21% 21 21%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
July 8 72% 8 77% 860 860
September 890 S 'j0 8 72% 875
Lard,- per 100 pounds-
July 510 510 5 02% 5 02%
September 5 17% '• 20 510 510
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 4 72% 475 470 470
September . 4 57% 490 4 82% 485
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and unchanged; No. 2 spring
wheat, 71<f'72%c: No. 3 spring wheat, 67@71c;
No 2 red ~74(fi76c; No. 2 corn, 33@33%c; No. 2
oats, 26%@27c; No. 2 white, 30c; No. 3 white,
29c: No. 2 rye. 5S%c; No. 2 barley, 36®41c: No.
1 flax seed, $1 11; prime timothy seed. $2 35;
mess pork, per barrel, S8 50@8 55; lard, per 100
pounds, $5 0."5?5 10; short ribs sides (loose), $4 40
jM 70; dry Baited shoulders (boxed). 4%®4%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $4 Ss@4 95; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 26;
sugars, cut loaf, unchanged. _
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11,000 14,000
Wheat, bushels 66,000 330.000
Corn, bushels 172,000 1,130,000
Oat« bushels 407,000 199.000
Rye." bushels 4.000 157.000
Barley, bushels ; 12.000 6.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries, 12<S16c; Dai
ries, 10<514c. Eggs, steady; fresh, ll%c. Cheese,
weak: Creameries, 10%@llC.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES. ;
Wheat— May. July. S«pt.
Opening 5 9% ■' 7%, 5 23?
Closing ■'> 9% 5 7% 5 7%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat- May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 21 15 20 60
Closing 2130 20 60
oX" «05 28 15
.: 43 OS 28 15
Closing 43 15 2520
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
- -—— " !
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, May CATTLE— There was a I
fairly active general demand for cattle to-day, i
and as the supply was not excessive, the weak
ness shown in prices last week received a de
cided check. Fancy grades brought $5 40*55 50;
choice steers, ?5 05@5 35; mediums. $4 55®4 75;
be?f steers. $4'i?4 f,O; stockers and feeders, $4®
5 *5; cows and heifers. $3 Bo@4 25; bulls, $2 60$
4 15; Western fed steers. $4 20@5 25; Texas
steers. $3 rw?T4 90; calves. I4@fi 1(5,
HOGS market for hogs was active and
strong, with prices on an average of 5c higher.
Fair to choice. $3 85^4 R2%: heavy packers,
$3 Ro®3 82fe: mixed. 13 :■ 13 90; butchers, $3 70
3 P7%: light. $3 70@3 95i piss, $3 351/3 SO.
SHEEP There was an active demand for
sheep and prices ruled strong, with prime tlocks
of Colorado wi oled lambs selling 5c to 10c
higher. Sheep sold at $3 50@5 25. chiefly $4 50
05 15; heavy exporters, $5: lam $6*llo per l»0
lbs; Colorado wuoled Jots. $5 •■■n 1 ' 20, and un- ;
shorn. $4 50"55 55.
Recripts— Cattle, 16,500; boa 26,000; sheep,
21, WO.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May B.— Consols, . 110%; silver,
253-l«d; French Rentes, 102f 40c; wheat cargoes
off coast, quiet and steady: cargoes on passage,
less : ring; English country markets, steady;
Import into I. K. wheat 203,000, flour 171,000;
wheat and flour on passage to U. X.. 3,330.000;
wheat and flour on passage to Continent, 1,710,
--000: Indian shipments wheat to U. X.. 52,000;
Indian shipments wheat to Continent. 32,000.
LIVERPOOL, May Wheat, firm; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; cotton,
uplands. :' 13-SLM. i -Futures, dull. May,
Be 9%d; July, 5s 7%d; September. 5s 7 7^d. Corn— ;
Futures, quiet: May. 3s 5%d; July. 3s 5%d; Sep
tember, 3s 6'id. Hops— London, Pacific
Coast nominal.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, May B.— The wool auction sales
were continued to-day with a large number of
buyers present. Competition was very active, 1
with the Continent operating freely In super
fine merino greasy wools, which realized 20 to i
25 per cent above the March series. These
goods also met with a strong demand from all
directions. The German representatives were
more prominent to-day, their operations enow
ing a marked Increase. Crossbreds were hard
ening and received a Strong home trade sup
port. The offerings numbered 14.217 bales and'
included a fine show of superfine merino gr<;&sy.
The daily withdrawals averaged only about 125 ,
bales.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, May B.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday, May 6. as compiled by the New York i
Produce Exchange, la as follows:
Wh«at— 27,466,000; decrease, 678 000. Corn—
22,065,000; decrease. 3. 821. P00. Oats— 7,950,000;
decrease, 1,627,000 Rye— 966, 000; decrease, 231,
--000. Barley— l.6o4.ooo; decrease, 69,000.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. May S.— To-day's condition
of the treasury shows: Available cash bal
ance, (262,008,832; gold reserve, $241,018,876.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, May B.— The Karl Fruit Com
pany sold California cherries at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Royal Anne.
$6 50 average; Black Tartarlans, $2 50*g5 aver
i age; Chapmans, $2 75.
THE BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN, 111., May B.— Butter— Offerings, 25
tubs, sold at 13% C. Official market firm at 16c.
THE COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May B.— Cotton, quiet; mid
dling. 6%c
NEW ORLEANS. May S.— Cotton, firm; mid
; dling. 5 13-16 c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. May Clearings, 1768,351;
balances, $31,322.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. May B.— The demand of the
mills is sufficient to take all wheat, and as !
the tonnage recently secured has been more !
than provided for. competition Is not brisk and j
prices are firm, about the same as the close last |
week. Walla Walla tan still be had at 5S@ !
69c; Valley, 59©60cf Blueatem, 61@62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., May 8-.— Wheat opened
i steady and unchanged at 5Sc for Club and 61c
for Bluestem.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange. Bight — ojy x
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce.... — . 61%
Mexican Dollars — 60
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — The Chicago market was quiet and
steady, with a moderate demand on shipping
account and favorable weather for the growing
crop. There were general rains, except In
Kansas. The Illinois State report said that
about 48 per cent had b»en plowed up, and the
remainder was about SS. but this report was
denied later and prices declined.
The local market was dull and not materially
changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 OGtfl 10; milling,
51 12>i@l 15. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $1 13%.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 14,000
ctlF. $1 »'»; 16,000, $1 14. May— 2ooo, (1 O.V 2 . ■
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls.
$114^; 114,000. $1 14'/i. May— $106.
BARLEY— The market was dull and un
changed.
Feed. $1 02%@l 03; Brewing. $1 07 1 ,4@l 12^ per
etl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— Seller '99, new
— 4000 ctls, 87% C. '
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning: Session— Seller "93, new —
10.000 ctls, SSc; 4000, 87% c; 2000. 87% c.
Afternoon Session— "99. new— ctls,
S7%c; 2000. 87% c. December— 2ooo, 90% c.
OATS— Continue dull, but firmly held.
Fancy Feed, $1 4i4fl 47V« per ctl; good to
choice, $1 4001 45; common, $132*£@137^: Sur
prise. S145&150; Gray, $1 35®1 40; Milling,
$1 42%@1 47% per ctl; Red, $1350140; Black,
nominal.
CORN — Receipts from the East have been
more liberal of late and the offerings are conse
quently larger, but prices remain steady.
Small round Yellow, $1 25@1 40: Eastern,
large Yellow. $1 12M>@1 15: White, $1 12%©1 15;
mixed. $1 O7M>@l 11V4 per ctl; California White,
nominal.
RYE— 97'icf;sl per ctl. . '
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 16.562 barrels of
Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60-33 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 45 per bbl for extra,
|$3 25Q3 40. f0r bakers' and $2 30@2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4f&4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55@6 95; In sacks. $6 35<g6 75;
Pearl Barley, «5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 300 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The estimate of the Hay Exchange, which
appears in the first column, gives the supply
on hand in the State May 1 at about 26,000 tons.
This is rather more than had been expected,
and is about sixty days' supply, or just about
enough to carry us to the new crop without
carrying any over. The market stands . about
the same, except Oat Hay. which has again
declined.
There is no change in Feedstuffs.
BKAN $15 :".ii(«n; 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17 500120 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $22 60@23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31&31 50; job
bing, $32<g32 50; CocoanUt Cake. $24©25; Cotton
seed Meal. $2s</30 per ton: Cornmeal. $23 50®
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@23: Mixed Feed, $15
£16.
HAY— Wheat, $123713 for good to choice and
Will for lower grades; Wheat and Oat, $!l@
$12: Oat. $8010 50; Barley. $7@9; Alfalfa. $5@6.
STRAW — 25@50c per bale. - : ;v
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Excepting Llmas, the feeling in Beans is
weak and sellers have to make concessions to
sell. At the same time, if one wants to buy he
has to pay full prices.
There is no change In Seeds.
BEANS— $1 50@l 6.".; Small White, $1 S3
@2 10; Large Whites, $1 5001 65; Pinks. $1 aOtfj;
1 90; Reds. $3 25<?13 35; Blackeye, $4Q>4 10; But
ters, nominal; Limas, $4: Pea. $2 35@2 50; Red
Kidneys, $2 25@2 50 per ctl,
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2:Vt@3c; Flax. $202 10; Canary Seed.
2\c per lb; Alfalfa. SWS'/ie; Rape, 3@3Vic;
Hemp, 4'i;i4V4c; Timothy, 4* 4 <frsVic
DRIED PEAS— $1 76@2; Green. $2 10®
2 35 per ctl. ; '■ . v::
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLE&
Receipts were 753 boxes Asparagus, 297 boxes
Rhubarb. 339 sacks Peas, 195 sacks Beans and
! 532 sacks Potatoes.
There was not much change in anything yes
terday, the market being well supplied as a
rule. New Garlic is coming in and prices are
lower in consequence. California Tomatoes are
higher.
Potatoes and Onions are quiet and weak.
POTATOES— SI - V 'M 50 per ctl for Early Rose,
$1 40@l 60 for River Burbanks; Oregon, $1 150
1 30 for seed and $1 50@l 80 for large: New I'o
tatoes, L%@2c per lb in sacks and $1 50@3 65 for
Rivers !n hoxes.
ONIONS— oOtfrCOc for fair and 75@90c per ctl
for good to choice: new, 30<f?5f>c per sack for
Red and !o@soc per box for White.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, $1{?1 50 per
box for No. 2, $1 76@2 25 for No. 1 and $2 50 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 50@?5c per box for common
and 90r@$l 25 tor good to choice; Green Peas,
2*4<g'3 l >ic for common and 4c for Garden; String
Beans from Los Angeles, 4®7c for green and
i'i'S7c for Golden Wax; String Beans from Vaea
vllle 7@Bc; Cabbage, $1 40; Tomatoes, $1 23
if? 2 . >6 per box; Egg Plant, 100 ISc per lb; Gar
lic 12@15c for old and 6(<iSc for new; Dried
Okra, 13c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c; Green
Peppers, SfflOc: Carrots. 25@35c per sack: Hot
house Cucumbers, 50@75c per dozen; Sacra
mento Cucumbers, 50c; Summtr Squash from
Lob Angeles, 7%@10c per lb.
„ POULTRY AND GAME.
Three cars of Eastern opened the week and
sales were at lower prices, with an unusually
slow call for the goods. Another car is ex
pected to-day. The sales were at 14@15c for
Turkeys, $"> 50 for Ducks, $1 50 for Geese, $5
for Hens and $3 50 for old Roosters.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, l2Vi@l3c for Gob
hlers and 12V4@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 •"■''■/I 75; Goslings, $2 25<jj2 50; Ducks, $.". oil®
6 50 for old and J7©S for young; Hens, $405;
young Roosters, $7@S 50; old Roosters, $4 50i£j5;
Fryers $6ig6 50; Broilers, $4 50@5 s') for large.
$2 5063 ."0 for all; Pigeons, $2®2 25 per dozen
for old and $2 23-52 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits. $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs advanced again under decreased re
ceipts, and the upward tendency was pro
nounced. Receipts of Butter were larger and
the market was easy in consequence. There
was no change in Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 16>4@17c; seconds,
160.
Dalrj»-Fancy. 15c; good to choice, 13@14^c;
(tore, 11(5 12c ; er lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. lOifjlOVJc; Did,
SV4c: Young America, ll@12c; Eastern, ll%@loc.
EGGS— Quoted at ir.«?l6c for store and 17y.lSc
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16&16V&C.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 415 boxes Cherries and •';:(
chests Strawberries.
There was a sharp falling off in the receipts
of Cherries, but prices showed no improve
ment. Berries were lower under a slack de
mand. Gooseberries stood the same. No Black
-1 berries came In. There were 130 crates of
Apricots from Arizona.
Oranges are doing better under an improved
demand. Lemons and Limes are unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 50i#2 50 for fair to good and $3!jf3 50
for choice to fancy.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 2S@3oc per drawer
and 60060 c per box; Blackberries, per
crate: Strawberries, ?:■■:'• per chest for small
and $2 50@4 for large berries,
Cherries, . r .oiJf7sc for red, 50®85c for white and
75c@$i 25 per box for black, with an advance
for Vxtra brands.
Apricots $i 50@l 75 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 SOlffS 50
per box; Seedlings, $1 25@2 25: Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 .'"'<- 23; Lemons, $1 2.'fSl 50 for com
mon and $2#2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $6 5007; California Limes, 65®S5i per
small box; Grape Fruit. $1 50®2 50; Bananas,
5! 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 50 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 7c for 40-50' s. B@
6^c for 50-60's, 4@4M:C for 00-70's. 3V£®-3%c for
70-80*8, 2*;@3Uc for 80-90*8, 2H@2%c for 90-100's
and 2@2Vic for 100-110' s; Peaches, Bi£@9&c for
good to choice, 10@10V4c for fancy and for
peeled; Apricots. 12%<&15c for Royals and
for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 9i&9V4e: sun
dried, 6VssJ7Vic; Black Figs, sacks, 3»ic; Plums
nominal 2c for unpitted and 4V4@6c for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3»ic for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown,- 5%C for four-crown, 4V4<(l6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3^c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%lft3c.
Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, SOBc
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshell; Almonds, h@i
9c for hardshell, 12@13c for softshell, 14$lfic lor
papershell: Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4>,4j>
5c for California: Cocoaunts, $4 50©5.
HONEY— Comb, lOigllc for bright and B@9c
foi lower grades; water white extracted, 714 &
"He: light amber extracted. 7c; dark. s@s^c
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
tsEESWAX-25@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 8c per lb for heavy,
B%@9c for light medium, 10V£@llc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12'.£@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, llQll&c; California!
Hams. 10@10'/4c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $15@15 50; extra
prime Pork. $12; extra clear, $1S; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— quoted at SV-:(S5%c per lb for
compound and ~iM i (if'!%o for pure: half barrels,
pure. Sc: 10-lb tin.-. S^e; 5-lb tins, 814 c
COTTOLENE— Tierces 6%<n6%c; packages,
! less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls. 60 in a case. 9u.c";
i 3-lb palls. 20 In a case, S%c; 5-lb pails, 12 In a
i case, BV4c: 10-lb pails. C In a case. SHe; 50-lb
tins, 1 or ? in a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, S\4c: fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. "Tic; haU
barrels. about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
| about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c: medium. $>6s\ir; light. SHe: Cow-
I hides, 9c; Stags. 6(fifi>4c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c: dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip nnd Veal. 15tfJ15\4o; dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, lOfffSOc each: short
Wool. :ts!j?6oc each; medium. 70390 c; long Wool
<•'>,<„ $1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 7.V ( 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, Me.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4Vi<ff4V<.c per lb;
; No. t, 3V4@4c: refined. ; grease, »c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, 7(f('.*o; year's staple, 6SISc •
Foothill and Northern Free, 10@12c: Foothill
and Northern detective, 8®10c; Nevada, &@llc. •
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain fiH ( ffß?
Southern "4'^(fr7c
Plains 4 gjc
HOPS-189S crop. 10@llc per lb for ordinary
12@12%c for good and 13@15 for choice to fancy
from flirt hands.
SAN FRANCESCO MEAT MARKET.
All descriptions remained as quoted at the
last of the week. Hogs are scarce and as firm
as ever.
. Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7>4@SVic per lb for Steers and 6<g6\iiC
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, "c; small. B@9e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7(g7V-c; Ewes. 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. SUffiOc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, ."'•'.fir^c for small; 5%®
6c for medium and s®6\Ac for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4%55c; dressed Hogs, 7
08% c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. s>4c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quentln
Bags. $4 95.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welling
ton, $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle. Jfi:
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $S; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $.12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks.
COFFEE— The circular of C. E. Bickford
gives the receipts at this port thus far this
year at Sit, 140 bags, against 77,196 during the
s.ame time last year. The sales from first
hands were 60,311 bags, against 60,434. The
stock on hand May 1 was 30.096 bags, against
23,41!! May 1, IS'JS, and the world's visible sup
ply May 1 was 6,311,558 bags, against 5,693,753.
The circular says:
"The demand has been good for nearly all
descriptions and prices about steady during
the first three weeks of the period we review,
but have since turned easier under more urgent
offerings by holders and the prospect of heavy
nearby arrivals.
"Costa Ricas have been mostly affected and
the decline in these has been considerably as
sisted by competitive offerings of similar coffee
from New York, with sales. Buying has been
fairly good, although dealers still move cau
tiously.
"Salvadors have turned dull and free busi
ness is not possible at our quotations Of I I.'"
7%c for current unwashed.
"Guatemalas show no new features, but are
easier !n sympathy with general conditions,
low grades excepted.
"The New York market for Brazil coffee
has Improved very slightly, spot No. 7 Rio be
ing ',80 better and futures rather tlrmer, but
Milds have not felt this benefit.
"To-day's iirst hand stock consists of f.613
bags Costa Rica, 'M Nicaragua, 5607 Salvador,
11.C28 Guatemala and 10()2 Mexican; in all 26,
--044 bags, as against 24,585 bags same time last
year."
We quote: Costa Rica— 14fftir>c for prime
washed; I3@Hc for good washed; WtilVzC for
good to prime washed peaberry ; lie for good
peaberry; li.' l - 4 t5 120 for good to prim-; 9@loc
nominal for' good current mixed with black
beans; S<ssVic for fair; 6@7%c for common to
ordinary.- Salvador— lo@l3'-ic for good to prime
washed; Bf(H%c: for fair washed; 10%@11Vjc for
good to prime washed peaberry; 7%<&Bfec for
superior unwashed; 7%@7%c for good green un
washed; 9Vi@loc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— 7%@B%C nominal fur
Hood to superior unwashed; SJiflOc nominal for
g i to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— l4%@l7c for prime to fancy
washed; 10%@13c for good to strictly good
washed; StSlOVjc for fair washed: 6%@7%c tor
medium; s©>6>ic for Inferior to ordinary;
12c for kooil to prime washed peaberry: '.•./>V
for good unwashed peaberry; 714@8&c for good
to superior unwashed.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5V«c;
Powdered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%e; Dry
Granulated, i>hic; Confectioners' A. 5%c; Cali
fornia A. sc; Magnolia A. 4vjt-; Extra C, 4 3 ic;
Golden C, 4\e; barrels. 1-ICo more; half barrels,
V more; boxes, He more; 50-lb t>as;s. more.
Nu mder taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, May 8.
Flour, qr sks :>,r,>M Sugar, sks 4.42"
Wheat, rtls 76u Sugar, bbls 1,088
Barley, Ctls 346 Lime, bbls 273
Corn, ctls 21 Leather, roils — 57
Cheese, ctls 60 Wool, bales 709
Butter, ctls 208 Pelts, b'lls I7fi
Tallow, ctls 215 Hides, no C.3
Beans, sks 406 Quicksilver, flks. is
Potatoes, sks 652 Esgs, doz IK.IM)
sks 7:»; Wine, gala 25. s'pfl
Middlings, sks ... 550 Hay, tons 412
Shorts, sks 209 i
i >REQON.
Flour, qr sks 100 Potatoes, sks ;.5O
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 6,960 Wool, bales 11
Onions, sks 1451
EASTERN.
| on., sks
KEAL ESTATE TKANSACTIONS.
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to Jennie T. Davis.
lot on sw corner of < »ak and Lyon street, S 30
by w 96; $10.
John Cammet to Eva E. Fisher, all interest
In Mission block 16, quitclaim deed; Jl".
Claus F. and Bertha Kroger to L. E. Wyne
ken. lot on NE corner of Fair Oaks and
Twenty-sixth streets, N Bo by E 125; |10.
Mary L, Marchanq to Emily Power twife of
M. C.i, 1,,t on S line of Filbert street, 137:»i W
of Hyde, W 23 by S 157:6: $10.
.1. J. Raver to Olive Verkouteren, lot on W
line oi Hho.ie island street, 136:3 N of Napa,
N 2 ;■■■ W 100; $1.
George ■*■ Lyon ?> Frederick Williams, lot
on E line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 12.'. S of
Clement street, s 25, N Q <; degrees 1". minutes,
E 83 IL N »% degrees, W 25, W 81:2 L'-:t; JlO,
Rebecca D, Benjamin I Louis Kahn, !■ t on
E line Of San liruiio avenue. J.",u H of Cl-OSS
street. S 50 by X 120, lot 92, Bernal Hunie
stead; $10.
L E. Wyneken to Claus F. Kroger. 101 on
nw line of Mission Btreet, 4:. SW of Valencia,
SW 100 by NW 100, portion of Tiffany and Dean
Tract, $10.
John W and Annie 1.. Wright to Henry C.
and Charles A. Bennett, lot nn NW line of
Yi.-nn;c street, l 1" SW of Japan, SW 17.". by xiv
100; also lot on SE line of Naples street, 50 SW
of Japan, SW 50 bj SE 1"". lots IT7 and s,
block 53, Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Caspar and Sophie Zwlerlein to Albert 11
Leaf, lot .>n NW line of Piedmont (St. Mary's)
street, 100 SW of Masonic avenue (Epstein), SW
25 by NW 125, portion of lots 3 to 7, block 3,
Flint Tract Homestead; $565.
Albert H. I.t-nf to Alice I,eaf, same: Rift.
Antonio ami Kate Depaoll to CMo Batta linz
zlano, !"t on VV tine of Potrero avenue, 200 N
of Burrows Btreet, N 50 by W 100, lots 31 and
32, bloi i. B, Halej Purchase; 1600.
Ann Towns and Mary and John MuKRe to W.
R Pease, lot on N\V line of Mission street. 50
NE of Tlngley, XX 64, W 101:0. thence E 75,
lot 154, Academy Tract, quitclaim deed; $iv.
Samuel* and Annie Nolan to Charles B. and
Margaret Amßler, lot on N line of Montana
Btreet 250 E of Capitol, E 25 by N 123, lot 6,
bio k V. Railroad Homestead; $10.
Rachel <:. iui'l William .1. Gerrard to (5. ]■:.
Thompson, lot on W line of Pierce street, 135
X of Union, X 2:6 by \Y 137:8; $10.
Thomas F. I'ur.n vs. Lawrence Dunn (by
Gustave H. Umbsen, referee) to William Gisei
man lot on SW corner of Page ami uetnvla
Btreets, S 4" by W 87:6; $6600.
Fanny, Amy and Florence Mendelson to
Charles A. Fisher, lot on N line of Broadway
103:1'- X of Killmore street, E 24:4>; by N
187:6; $10.
Edward Mendelson to same, same; $in.
Estate Of Edith Mcndelson, minor (by Julius
Mendelson, guardian), to Max Armer, same;
$1000.
Max and Dora Armer to Charles A. Fisher,
game; $1
Howard E. and Jean W. Wricl;t to Alfred J.
Kennedy, lot on W line of Webster street, 25
s of Filbert, s 26 by W W0; $10.
Sophie Federlein to Mary E. Kohnke (wife
Of P F.), l"t on S line of Oak street, 181:3 E
,f Shrader, E X by S 137:6: $10.
Peter F. Kohnke to same, same; sift.
Frank B. Cavarly to Cavarly Estate Company
i i corporation), 1779 d 12, same property as in
first deed in abstract No. 2100, April 27. 1898,
confirmation deed ; $1.
Abraham and Sarah .1. Mills to American
Surety Company of New York, lot on W line
or Noe street. 101:6 X of Elizabeth, x 25 by \v
100; $10.
Thomas H. lMlion to Agnes E. Dillon, lot on
SW corner of Seventeenth and Diamond streets,
W 37:6 by B 75; gift.
Catherine, Catherine F. (single) and Francis
J Patterson to Patrick J. and Mary Sheeny.
lot on N\V line Of Folsom street, 225 NE of
Second. NE 2S by N\V 80; $10.
James and Delia Ryan to Thomas and Alice
M. Cummins, lot on X line of Tennes^e street,
100 X Of Twenty-second (Sierra), N 2f> by X
100; $m.
John F. Hendry to William .1. N'eary, lot on
W line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 250 S of X
Btreet, B B0 by W 120; $10.
William J. Neary to Alice c. Renebome,
same; $10.
Walter B. Cummings to Thomas W. Fisher,
lots 4 to L' 4, block SO7, Salt Marsh and Tide
Lands; $io.
McCarthy Company (a corporation) to A. J
Kennedy, lot 9. block E. Lakevlew: $10.
A. J. and Annie L. Kenned}' to Lillian Ij.
McCarthy, same; $500.
Rebecca P. P>en.lamln to John F. Runpe, lot
Li, Klft map 1: $10.
Henry F. and Kate GittinKs to Arthur Crook
er. lot 534, Rift map 2; $10.
Behrend Joost to olive Verkouteren, re-record
1818 'I 265, lots 22 to 26, block 8, People's Home
stead Tract Association: $5.
Mlrhael O'Connor to Mapride J. Crowley, lot
on SW corner of Woolsey and Mansfield streets
W 120 by S 100, lot 1, block 177, University
Mound Tract: $10.
Alameda County.
Daniel Harris to Elizabeth H. Harris, lots
1 to 4. ::i and 30. block 37, of Whitcher's Offi
cial Map of Oakland, In Tract 406. Oakland;
also all Interest in estate of Sarah Harris as
to other reul property In State of California,
Oakland; prlft.
Hubert N. Rowell to Henrietta K. Rowell.
lot on S line of Fairvlew street. IS6:C W of
Adeline, W 75 by S 130, being lot 5 and W 25
feet of lot 4. block 2, Central Park Tract,
Berkeley; sift.
Agostino and Maria Borromeo to Emil Geiter.
lot on E line of Park street, 50 S of Clement
avenue, E 111:4%, S 25. W 111:6-, X 25 to be
ginning, belnc lot C, block F, Alameda Sta
tion Homestead, subject to certain conditions.
Alam^da: $10.
Marie P. Gensoul to Marvin M. Brown, lot
on N line of Ninth street. 175 E of Peralta, E
27 by X 103, bcins portion Center-street Home
stead. Oakland; $10.
Theresa Macedo to Joseph F. Oliver, lot on
N linn of West Fifteenth street. 157-3 W of
Kirkham. W 25 by N 104:3, being lot 20, block
588, S.otchler Tract. Oakland: $1000.
Caroline RahlrrKinu to Robert and Tlllle C
Munce, lot on N line of East Fourteenth street
157 W of Twenty-third avenue, \V 50 by N 150,
subject to mortpape. East Oakland; $10.
Arnold and Phoebe Glaser to C. A. Martin,
lot on W line of Grove street. 150 X of Prince.
N 50 by W 122. being portion of subdivided
block 7. Central Park Tract, Berkeley; S7j>. n _
Helen Anderson to Peter G. Andersen, lots -o
and 26 block C, Christianla Tract, Berkeley;
also lots S3 to S6, block F, same, Oakland Town
ship; $10. ,„
Andy L. Stone to Ida C. Rankin, lot on Ml
line of Walnut or Grand avenue, U2 £ fc. or
Laurel street, NW 130, NE 12S, SE 120. SW to
beginning, being the NE 28 feet ol lot 139 and
all of lots 200 and 301, Madison Square, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Wilhelmina Starkey (wife of A. D.) to Essie
M. McKee (wife of R. V.). lots 33, ?A and 35,
map pf subdivision of lots T. 6, 57. 6.* and t>t>,
Klngsland Tract, Brooklyn Township; So.
F. F. Dodge to W. C, Kabisius. lot Z*., * urn
bull Tract, being a subdivision of portion of lot
7, Yoakum Tract. Brooklyn Township: *~>o-
Teresa Maceda to Joseph F. and Isabella
Oliver, beginning at stake marked No —1 on
W line of Prairie street, between the lanas or
Mary Amaral and the lands of the estate o£
Mary S. Fields, thence W to lands of Donovan,
thence N S3 E to Prairie street, S 33, E to be
ginning, being in ' the city of San Leandro,
Eden Township, quitclaim deed; $200.
Mafiuel C. and Mary Pereira to rnomas l.
Pereda, lot on S\V line of Castro street, 190 am
of I>. SE 60, SW 150, NW 30. SK 78, NW.3O,
NE 72 to beginning. Town of Haywards, Kden
Township; $vi.
Michael Dolan to Bank of Llvermore. lots 10
and 11, block 12, map of Northern Addition to
Town of Livermore Murray Township: $11->.
Wolf Drossner to M. Jonas, lot on Nv\ corner
of Tenth and Adeline streets, W 120 by N b.,,
block 563, Oakland; $5. .
M. Jonas to Sara Jones, same, Oakland ;
Sift.
A. and Consuelo T. Mervy to J. R- L. -lories
lot on X line of Twenty-second street. oO W Ol
West. W 21. N 42, W 3, N 58, B 24, S 100 to be-
Kinning, block B, Curtis and Williams Tract.
Oakland: $10.
Eliza J. Starr (trustee of the estate of Lewis
M. Starr) to Fred yon der Ropp, lot on B line
of Lake street. 60 E of Madison. E 30 by fc 100,
Oakland: $2100.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company to
Lyde A. Johnson, lot on SE line of Piedmont
avenue. f,C:S SW of Rose. SW 33:4 by hE-100,
being a portion of Keller's Rose Park. Oak
kin.j; $10.
Beulah Park Camr-meetins Association to
Elizabeth Pearman, lets 231, 232 and 233, block
ii. aim lot 204, block M, map of Beulah Park
property. Bast Oakland; $10.
Elizabeth Pearman to Charles N. Crittenton.
same, East Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
L. Weule (owner) with J. T. Lorenzen (con
tractor), architect August Nordln— All work,
except mantels, shades and plumbing, for a
two-story frame building, with partly finished
attic and basement, on E line of Capp street,
330 N of Nineteenth, N 30 by E 122:6; $4500.
Henry Mangels i"wner) wfth Fred Miller
(contractor), architect H. Geilfuss — Excavat
ing, brick, mill and carpenter work, glazing,
plastering and concrete work, etc., for a two
story frame building (two dwellings) on S line
of I'age street, 100 W of Devisadero, W 37:6 by
S 82:6; $4140.
John H. and Charles T. Drumbell (owmrs)
with R. C. Stiller (contractor), architect none-
All work, except painting anl shades, for a
two-story frame bulging i 2 flatst on B line of
Broderlck street, 110 S of California, S 27:6 by
E lift: $35"..
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office. located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and i
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
inp directions ol the world are kr-pt on hand
for comparison ami reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, IL'Oth meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the rniterl States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, Is published
tn the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant. T. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights ol High and !•■ w
Waters at Forf Point, entrance to San
Francisco Hay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharfi about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, MAY 9.
Sun rises S:W
Sun sets T:OS
Moon rises 0:09 i>. m.
- Time] Time
g. — ' F.. I Ft.
!» I. W H W
9 ... 5:07 —0.8 11:5." 4.8
10 ... —0.9 12:47 4.7
11 ... 6:32—0.9 1:39 4.5
II W L W
12 ... 0:12 6.1 7:15 -0.7
IS ... 0:53 5.6 S:oo[—
14 ... 1:36 5.1 8:45[ 0.0
F..
IH Wj
! Ft.
Time [Time
- — ; Ft. I— — Ft.
LW H W
5:401 2.71 10:56 6.4
5:20 2.7 11:33 6.3
6:01 •>.»
H W L W\
2:30 4.5 6:50 3.1
3:21 4.6 7:43 3.2
| 4:12 4.7 8:50 3.2
W
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
Hand column nnd th.' successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
sf.-.md time column Rives the second tide of
the day. the thiM time column the third tide
and the last or right hand lolurnn x\vf"~ th»
Inst tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Kiven are soundings to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when B minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the 'lei>th given by the charts. The rl-in p «f
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Belgian King... China and Japan May ft
Wellington .... Departure Bay May 9
Mineola Nanalmo May 9
A Blanchard.. Coos Bay May 9
North Fork Humboldt May 9
Homer Departure Bay May 9
Alliance Portland May 9
Columbia [Portland May 10
Bonita Newport May 10
Mackinaw Tacoma May 10
Slam iNnnalmo May 11
Point Arena Point Arena May 11
Weeott iTillamook Bay May 11
Acapulco Panama May 11
Samoa Humboldt Bay May 11
B Hernster JCoquille River May 12
San Juan [Acapulco May 12
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound May 12
Santa Rosa Pan Diego May 12
Pomona ! Humboldt May 12
Tltania Nanalmo May 13
Progreso Seattle May 13
Euella Tillamook May 13
Coos Bay (Newport May 14
Areata ICoos Bay [May 14
Crescent City. . f Crescent City [May 14
Fulton 'Portland [May 14
State of Cal.. ..lPortland May 15
Corona Pan Diego |May 16
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. Destination. j Sails. | Pier.
State Cal... Portland [May 9, 10 am; Pier 24
Pomona ...Humboldt May 9, 2 pmiPler 9
Areata [Coos Bay May 9, 4pm Pier 13
Corona San Diego May 10. 11 am|Pler 11
A Blanchd Humboldt May 10. 5 Pier 13
Aloha I Point' Arena.. May 10, 3pm Pier 2
Walla Wall] Vie & P«rt Sd. May 11, 10 amiPler 9
Alliance ...! Oregon Ports. May 11, 10 amlPier 20
Bonlta Newport May 12, 9 amiPler 11
Columbia ..IPortland May 13. 10 amiPler 24
Pt. Arena.. 'Point Arena.. May 13, 3 pm'Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego May 14. 11 amlPier 11
Coos Bay... [Newport ! May 16, 9 ami Pier 11
City PeklnglChina&Japan May 16, 1 pmIPMSS
Umatilla . . Vie & Pgt Sd.|Mav 16. 10 am Pier 9
Destination.
Sails.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrograpbic Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May S. IS9O.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. in charge.
shipping intelligence:.
ARRIVED.
Monday. May 8.
Stmr Cleone, Higgins, 33 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 61 hours from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, IS hours from
Cleone.
Stmr Roanoke, Kidston. 28 days 9 hours from
Manila, via Nagasaki 19 days IS hours.
Stmr WestpOTt, Peterson, 50 hours from Port
Iy.s Angeles.
Ship Spartan, Polite, 9 days from Seattle.
Br slii|> Asnes Oswald. Bowden, 113 days from
Calcutta.
Schr Una, Harkins. 5 # days from Grays Har
bor.
Schr Mary Buhne. Weber, 30 hours from Eu
reka- CLEARED.
Monday, May 8.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, Nanaimo; Pacific
Coast Co.
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder, Panama, etc; Pa
cific Mail S S Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall
Perkins & Co.
Monday. May 8.
Ptmr George Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, San Pedrr>.
Stmr City of Para. Zeeder, Panama, etc.
Stmr Albion. Ericsson.
Btmr Lacuna, Ericsson, Usal.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup. Tacoma.
Stmr Scotia. I.undqulst.
Schr Eliza Miller. Christensen, Coos Bay.
CHARTERS.
The Santiago loads mdse for Hilo; St David,
mdse for Hongkone and Manila.
The Cedarbank is chartered for wheat to Eu-
r °The Parana loads wheat at Portland for Eu-
r ° Pe ' 3 ° S - TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May S, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind south: velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTh.
HUENEME -Sailed May 6— Schr Fanny Du
tur.l. for Port Hlakeley.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May S— Stmr Navarro,
from Csapar.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived May S— Schr J M
Colman, from Nanaimo.
NEAH BAY— Passed in May 7— Br ship Lanc
ing, hence April 24, for Nanaimo.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May B— Schr
Spokane, from Honolulu, for P>rt Gamble.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived May s— Schr
,T E&pinger, hence May 6. May 7— Schr Mary
Etta, hence May 4.
ASTORIA— SaiIed May B— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francis
EUREKA— Arrived May S— Stmr Alliance,
fron Cooa Hay; stmr Luella. hence May 6; stmr
South Coast, hence May fi.
Sailed May S— Stmr Alliance, for San Tran
■nmr Luella, for TiHarnook.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May S— Schr Spo
kane, from Honolulu.
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived May 8 — Schr
Comet, from San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed May 7— Stmr City of Puebla,
for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN Sailed May s— Stmr San Juan,
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior May 6— Bark
Gerard C Tobey, from Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May &— Jap stmr Nip
pon Mam, hence April 12.
Sailed May s— Stmr Victoria, for Tacoma.
SWANSE ■ Way 5— Br bark Inver
cauld. for San Francis
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived May 7— Bark
Cen Falrchlld, from Fremantle. to load for San
Francisco-.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BBEMEN— Arrived May S— Stmr Kriederich
der Grosse, from New York, via Southampton.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May B— Stmr Georgic,
from New York; stmr Umbria, from New
York
SHIELDS— SaiIed May B— Stmr Mary Park,
foi San Fran< Isco.
NEW YORK— Arrived May S— Stmr Bovic.
from Liverpool.
ANTWERP— Arrived May S— Stmr Kensing
ton from New York
HAVRE— Arrived May S— Strnx La Gascogne,
from New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
»^ Steamers ; leave Broadway
ylth. wharf, San Francisco:
» WmSSlB^ Fur Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
I |Sil£Pghafc. May 1. 6, 11, 16, 21. 28. SI:
1 SwTKssl*ra June 5; change at Seattle.
• RRJ3fB'^Ol or Victoria, Vancouver (B.
jBEjSCLIfdBI <"■>• Port Townsend. Seattle.
P^|raHßl Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
**• 10 a. m.. May 1, 6, 11, 16, 21.
26. 31; June 5, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., May 4.
9. 14, 19. 24. 29; June 3. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
I San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
i Newport, 9 a. m.. May 4, 8. 12. 16. 20. 24, 28;
June 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. May 2. 6, 10. 14. 18. 22. 26. 30; June 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an b-'>>-<: nt sn'llne.
TICKET OrFIOB-4 New Montgomery
6treet (.Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Aerta..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Fpi>ar-?treet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Inclnding Berth*
(HilL S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails April 23: May 3, 13. 23.
State of California sails April 23; May 8.
18. *8.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
■" 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOB.X, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARII.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Ever" Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis May J Ft. Louis May 24
Paris Mir 1" Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 St. Paul Jun« I
RED STAR LINE.
>'ew York *»nd Antwerp.
From New York Ever Wednesday. 12 noon.
Nocrdland May 3 Westernland May 24
Friesland May 10 ; Kensington May 31
i Southwark May 17 Noordland June X
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Daws an City.
For full Information regarding freight and pa*.
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
SO Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
I connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
| India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May «
HONGKONG MARU Thursday June 1
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
. W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
©MB*HUB#t , 8 - S. Moana sails
JhUHIL vla Honolulu and
•£"""• Auckland for Sydney
m -^ Wednesday. May if.
CitS — t/\ at 10 p. m.
;sip;inrch|fVj • The S. S. Australia
CylWllllJlliy „,„„ for Honolulu
(O(!ll93fi9~ Wednesday. May 31.
v: l vllfc M at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMPAGNIE GENERALS THANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. f-T-rn
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <)tflfTr»
from Pier 42. North River, foot of**™""*
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. May
13; LA BRETAGNE, May 20; LA TOURAINE,
May 27; LA GASCOGNE. June 3; LA CHAM-
PAGNE, June 10. First-class to Havre, 565 and
upward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre, $45; 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3 Rowling
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO..
Pacific Coast, Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.. San
Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agents Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
US Montgomery St., San Francisco.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the ate&XMf
JOHN REILLT.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN, Master.
Will Sail on op About May I.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN. 44 East st.
BAY AND BIVER ST^AMS»3.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at S a. m
dally, returning from Stockton at li p. m
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steameri
leave .Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30. a. m., 8 p tn
Landing and office, Mission-street D ° - Plei
No. 2. Telephone Main 1308 '
FARE , g^ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
STREET CAR
MEN OBJECT
TO BLACKLISTS
Must Pay Demands
or Not Work.
LONG LIST OF GRIEVANCES
HAVE NO VOICE IN FIXING
THEIR ASSESSMENTS.
Organization Is Rapidly Growing
With a View to Taking Steps
to Secure Some Relief
From the Burden.
♦
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
Iway, Ma.
The streetcar men ■ now
Bcapo
■ :h<-y term unj :is by
which they work.
■
■
my for the pur
they
may
ipany. The next
ration
eh man insuring th.
ploye.
■
1 $1 25 < h sub.
m Oaklai
.
to the ■ k
. num. For this Insur
l y< ur and
• ,<r.
now com
■ ■ mori Im] rtanpi than
I ■-
: :
lly re
• ly with the company
with whom he must
; man Ims no r.i>r< s. nta
adjustmonts or
i thai
3tand by h
• • may obj< I ment
int of dam
• felt his $25 to star!
Into which he
: must make up the
Is blacklist*
-
■ rouble
a re-
It to its terms.
He wi ■ month.- and thea i
impany around
I t" Insure
If with the same suretj company,
ait i v . pplied to I ra he
■
i himself with his ■
■ be Insured
In work.
men in this
fast grow
rtant mat
prevent
■ i obey any de
■
EMERSON'S SHORTAGE
IS STILL INCREASING
PLUNGING ATTORNEY PARTED
WITH MUCH MONEY.
List of Creditors Are Anxious
to Locate Centerville's Missing
Practitioner of the Law.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, May 8.
Howard Emerson, the Centerville attor
ney whose sudden disappearance was ex
ploited in last Fridays Call, is still miss
ing and further investigations into hia
affairs reveal the fact that his accounts
are very much inor^ tangled than was at
first supposed.
A lift. Of anxious creditors has been
compiled, and it is evident that J B
Lanktree and County Clerk Jordan are by
no moans the only sufferers financially
by Emerson 8 peculiar methods of secur
ing money. Among those who are anx
ious to locate the missing lawyer are the
following, with the amount)' of their
claims, accompanying: Graham estate at
Newark, $560; James and William Fan
Centerville farmers, $300 and $350 respec
tively; H. Middleton, Boulder Creek mer
chant. $300; Fred Mo ,-• r Jr.. Newark
lumber merchant, $250' H. T. Mosser, Cen
t«-rvlile broker $190; John Stevenson Cen
terville capitalist, $450; T. Francis, ("'en
terville undertaker, $110; A. Lenhari (>n-
U-rville druggist, J100; "Half Moon Joe" of
Centerville, $285; Dr. John IlafTner of
Newark. $70; Charles Fisher, San Fran
ciFCn merchant, ?10; George Fisher NJles
$20; F. Falk. Newark. $61 50; John Dugan'
Newark, $10; Carl Emerson, a brother,
$300; Mrs. Emerson, his mother. $322 And
there are others, the whole amount reach-
Ing to between $4000 and $3<X)O.
Dr. Emerson, Centerville's Health Offi
cer, is as yet unable to say how his ac
counts with hi.-= missing brother stand.
Howard was manager of the doctor's af
fnirs and It Is thought his loss will also
be considerable. Thus far not a word has
been heard from th© missing attorney,
whose downfall Is attributed to the per
nicious effects of plunging at the Emery
ville, racetrack.
Mrs. Tilden Appointed Guardian.
OAKL.AN-D. May B.— Mrs. Charles 1..
Tilden. a ! F the late Captain B. A.
'.■"li Schmidt, was appointed
guard! persons and estates of her
n. The children ;:j>
• ■ ■ accompanied by their
parent. Colonel A. W. yon Schmidt.
Mrs. Tildi . flxed at $50 for
each ward.
GRAPE-NUTS.
SODA IN HUMAN BODIES.
A Very Much Needed Worker.
Very delicate particles of soda ap-
pear in field grains, such as used by
mankind.
The use made of natural soda or ro-
dium sulphate, is to oxidize the sugar
in the body, thereby decomposing it
and making it suitable for rebuilding
the cells and preserving the bile and
pancreatic juices at normal consist-
ency.
When fi person fails to use food con-
taining this Important little unrk'T
the sugar in th<- body is not properly
| for and i ipe through the
kidneys, causing Diabetes. A lack of
(odium sulphate li also shown by
biliousness, for the bile becomes thick
i its little governor Is absent So-
dium sulphate is not readily taken up
by the body when given as a drug, but
is quickly absorbed when furnished in
nature's way as stored in food, and in
that way It Is found in Grape-Nuts,
the most scientifically prepared food
by man. TYhj ? Because in
• Nuts the pure natural elements
needed by man are preserved and pre-
sented fresli from nature's own labor-
atory.
SUPERVISORS
REPROVED BY
GRAND JURORS
Coin and Liquor Are
Too Free.
LAWS CLEARLY VIOLATED
FOREMAN HENSHAW SENDS A
WARNING.
The Board Eats Humble Pie, Sees the
Error of Its Ways and Prom
ises Quick and Lasting
Reforms.
Oakland Office Pnn Francisco Call,
- Broadway, May 8.
Some very pronounced violations of the
law I discov< red by the Grand
Jury in the investigations at the County
Infirmary. It has proof that on election
• the Infirmary were fur
nfshed with liquor: further, that Dr.
rk, who can come from the County In
firmary to Oakland and return for two
bits, hn.fi been permitted to charge for
: times this amount and has been
alloy qually generous to himself
when crossinp ; B i Francisco. The
third flagrant violation of the law wi
employment by thr Supervisors
mty employ ■
Unlike former grand Juries, • -
the last but one, this Grand Jury doi
ose to bring in a hundred Indictments
d ''H i:"^'!' or with no hope of ob
taining convictions, for through Its fore-
It has administered the following
mild castigation to the Supervisors:
OAKLAND, May 2, 1899.— T0 the Honorable
T r-i • ■ H..anl of Pui ■ mty,
Gentlemen: The tlrand Jury h.is re
\ me in Its nani.-- to sug| tn the
. <*er
tiiln irregulai I
the public welfare and the proper conduit of
itters Intrusted by law to j m
- uat< d as foil
First— That you have allowed liquor I
eiven to the Inmates on election day. the im- i
propriety ol which must be apparent to you.
■ '.—That you have allowed an • I
unty tn aot as an officer of •
act clearly in violation of the law.
Third That you have all'>v
the Superintendent of the Infirmary ; .
Trip to San Francisco and $1 sn a trip t
land, when, as we understand It, this allow
ance (should be limited to tlv actual tra
expenses of that officer, which certainl\
- than th»=p s>ims named. It ,
vious that the effect of such liberal
can only !»• to put a premlun i . trij's.
iin.l to induce thf superintendent to make many
of them, to the neglect of hi? oflfclal duties.
The Grand Jury feels sure that these matters I
: are matters of oversight and not of intent, .in 1
I that when called to your attention an end will
! be put to them for the future. It Is with that
| view that I have been Instructed to write this
j letter, the ■ Irand Jury only desiring from you
'■ nn expression to that effect, and we only await
i some expression from your honorable body be
j fore presenting our final report. Respectfully
, yours, WILLIAM G. HENSHAW. Foreman.
! O. WHIPPL.E, Secretary.
The Board of Supervisors, having been j
j" duly spunked by the Grand Jury, at once
i forwarded the following very humble ■
reply:
W. G. Henshaw, Foreman of the Grand Jury
j — Pear Sir: Your esteemed favor, under dati?
! of May 2, 1809. addressed to the Supervisors of
i Alani--!.i County, Is this day received.
In reply 1 am directed by the Rnnrrl of Su- j
pervisors to Bay that we have, In open session
thin day, made an order manging the "rules ot i
j government" at the Infirmary as outlined in
j your first request.
As regards the second clause of your commu
j nication. will say that we shall be very careful
; In future that no employe of the county Is
named upon any election board, and finally, re
t'ardinK the third and last clause, have to say
that the proper committee has this matter In
charge and has already reported the same cor
rected.
Trusting that we have fully answered yi ur
desires, and thanking your honorable body for
the confidence expressed, we remain yours, with
respect. .1. R. TALOOTT, Chairman.
The following resolution was also passed
by the board:
Resolved. That the rules and regulations In
force at the County Infirmary be so amended
that no liquor shall be furnished to any Inmate
■ - employe anywhere upon the hospital grounds
on the day of any primaries or general election,
unless prescribed by the resident physician.
• —
REPRESENTATIVES ENTERTAIN
Reception Tendered Last Night to ;
Odd Fellows by the Rebekah
Lodge.
I. ant night being the eve of the session !
of the Grand Lodge of Odd Bellows and
California Assembly of the Re
h"knhs. there was a rceeption In the matn j
hall of the Odd Fellows' building, tender- j
ed by the seven Rebekah lodges to the ■
delegates to the Grand Lodge and the as
sembly, as well as to all Odd Fellows.
There whs a pood attendance in the ball,
which was profusely decorated, and had j
over the stage, "1849— Jubilee Tear-
After a few words of greeting by
Mrs Sophie H. Hatton-Forbes, district
there was an address appropriate
ision by Grand Master Karl C. |
k. and then followed an entertain
ing programme of music, song and liter
ary numbers by members of the order,
these being Misses Van Doren and Dowle, j
Abbie Ewfng, Anne Weichart, Anna Ap
plarius, Fannie Igo, Miss Baker and Mlas '
Armstrong, the Knickerbocker male quar- ]
■ Ji.ik»r ami Perry, the pro
gramme closing with selections by the
German band, being six young la- \
I California Rebekah, and beautiful
grouping by nine young ladies, all in '
white, from Mission Rebekah.
At the clos( of the programme a general
invitation wa • (tended to all to visit the
hall of Loyal Rebekah, where there was '
dancing. The committee that had charge!
of the very pleasani affair was composed :
of members from the seven lodges. From :
California No. l- Barah Harris. Alice
Hall, Minnie Homey er; Templar No
19 1 'i.ra Baker, Alma I. Jensen, ' '
Ada C. Bernheimer; Oriental No. 90— Mary ! (
Ewing, Amy VVebb, Elizabeth Shaw; Wal
balla No. 180— Lottie Barthold, Lilly Mere
dith; Amity No. 161 Annie H. Farnum, .
Antoinette Shaw. Hattie Duley; Loyal '
No. Zlfr Ruby A. Jewell. Kola .\j. Cyrus, ! (
Florence D. Ldnehan; Mission No. 225 I (
Gertrude Wimmer, Helen Larrlmer, Flora: i
Ashworth. j j
Found Dead in His Room.
An Italian, whose name Is supposed to ;
be Antone Degurri, was found dead in
his room over an old stable on Florida
:, near Twenty-first, yestei
afternoon by Martin Taglio, who bas a
room in the same building. Taglio says
the last time lie saw Degurri alive was
Saturday night. At that time he waa
just leaving bis room, and said he was
going out to get a little fresh air. Not I
having Been his friend around Taglio yes
terday morning knocked on i-»eg U fri's
door and called him. He met with no j
response, so he lay down and looked
under the door. On the floor lay the life
less body of Degurri. Taglio was so
frightened that he left the place at once i
and went downtown. He met a friend,
who reported the case to the Morgue. ;
1 »eputy Coroner McCormick answered the '
call. He found the door of Degurri's
room locked with the key on the Inside.
The body lay Just beyond the door in a
■ f clotted blood. On the floor of the
rix.ni adjoining lay a bloody razor.
Everything In both rooms was covered,
with blood as though there might have i
b^en a struggle. The only wound on the
body was on the left arm just above the. |
elbow, where an artery was severed. \
The case looked somewhat suspicious, and ;
McCormick notified the police hefore
touching the body. Degurri was about 45
years of age, and had been employed as a
coal heaver in the railroad yards.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAT 9, 1899.
HIS WIFE CUT
HIM OFF WITH
FIVE DOLLARS
Patrick Butler Files a
Contest.
WILL FIGHT FOR HER MONEY
EXECUTOR, BROTHER MICHAEL,
IS MADE DEFENDANT.
The Husband Claims the Wealth Was
Jointly Acquired, While the
Will Says He Has Enough
of His Own.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, May 8.
Patrick Butler does not propose to abide
by the terms of the last will and testa
ment of his deceased wife. Hannah But
ler, which outs him off with $5
Hannah Butler, who was sometimes
known as "Hannah McCarthy," "Clara
White" and "Mrs. Anna McCarthy." died
in this city October 5, 1898, leaving an
estate valued at more than $9000 which
she disposed of by a will dated September
28, 1888, witnessed by Thomas F. Garrlty
and W. J. Donovan. Ry its terms a house
and lot at 920 Klrkham street are be
thed to Mary Hook, daughter, of
Patrick Hook. To Herman and John
Soupalre, grandchildren of testatrix. $2600
each Is bequeathed, and $1000 to a grand
niece. Hannah Leary. The husband Is
dismissed with $5, the testatrix "believing
that he has enough of money and prop
erty of his own." The will appoints
Brother Michael of San Rafael as
utor of the will and guardian nf John and
Herman Soupaire.
The will was admitted to probate to-day
by Superior Judge Hall, and Michael
Dorgan. better known as Brother Michael,
was appointed executor. Later in the day
Patrick Butler, through his attorneys
Fitzgerald & Abbott and J. E. McElroy,
liled suit against Brother Michael for the
recovery of (9000 community property.
In his complaint Butler alleges thai
plaintiff and Hannah Butler intermarried
April 25, 1880, and that through their exer
tions they jointly accumulated a large
amount of money, namely 19000, whirh ai
the time of the wife's death was In her
possession as custodian for plaintiff, it
being community property, that the
money at the time of her d< atb was de
posited in her name at divers banks In
Han Francisco and that now Michael Dor
gan has taken possession of the $9000,
claiming it as Hannah's sole and separate
property. Butler contends that the wealth
upon his wife's death becami his sole and
separate property and should not be sub
ject to a/lministration. He asks for judg
ment decreeing that Dorgan deliver the
money to him.
MRS. DINMORE IS
GRANTED A DIVORCE
The troubles of Walter R. Dinmore with
Us wife, also with his family-ln-law,
cnme to an end yesterday, and the once
Charming Mrs. Nannie L. Dinmore Is now
pretty Nannie L. Lewis.
Last Saturday Mrs. Dinmore filed suit
;i/?;iinst her husband for divorce, alleging
desertion and failure to provide as causes
of action. This suit, it Is now said, waa
the result of a compromise between the
parties to the action. A few months a.^o
Mrs. Dinmore applied for a divorce on
mnro serious grounds. Rh^ accused her
husband Of cruelty, solely of a mental na
ture, averring that he had a way of dis
torting the Queen's English, adding words
forbidden in Scripture and applying them
to her personality or habits. Those alle
gations are absent In the complaint upon
which the decree was granted.
By the terms of the compromise Mrs.
Dinmore agreed to withdraw all allega
tions reflecting upon her husband's honor
Or in any way calculated to bring the
blush of ehame to the cheeks of his chil
dren when they shall have attained ma
turity and seek for the cause that led to
the estrangement of those who gave them
birth.
The court also granted Mrs. Dinmore
the custody of her minor children— Mary
Margan-t. aged seven years, and Henry
Clayton Dinmore. aged five years— and the
right to resume her former name, Nannie
L. Lewis.
During the proceedings Dinmore and his
counsel sat in a far corner of the room
and grinned knowingly, offering no oppo
sition whatever. When all was over and
a decree had been granted Dinmore left
the courtroom Just behind his wife, and,
it is said, smilingly addressed his ex-wlfe
and then with his attorney went to the
office of the County Clerk, where stipula
tions were filed dismissing all suits be
tween the divorced couple.
TWO BURGLARS
SET A LARGE
HOUSE ON FIRE
H. H. Mahan's Resi
dence Damaged.
FLAMES STARTED IN A CLOSET
THE MEN SEEN JUMPING THE
FENCE BY A BOY.
Fire Marshal Towe and the Police Are
Making a Thorough Inves
tigation Into th*
Affair.
Fire Marshal Towe, assisted hy Ser
geant Harper, made an investigation yes
terday morning into the fire Sunday night
at the residence of 11. H. Mahan. 2(H)1
Eddy street, and came to the conclusion
that the fire was started by burglars
either maliciously or accidentally.
The house contained nineteen rooms
and was valued at $25,000. About three
months ago Mahan. who used to be a
real estate agent, decided to sell the
house and furniture and live on his ranch
in Lake County. He disposed of all the
furniture except a bed for himself and
that contained in a front room occupied
by his daughter, Mrs. Heaney, and her
husband till a purchaser could be found
for the house. >
Sunday Mr. and Mrs. Heaney were nut
all day visiting friends and did not return
till 11:80 o'clock at night after the fire
was over. Mahan left the house about 6
o'clock tn go downtown for dinner, so
that thorp was no one in the house
The Investigation by the Fire Marshal
and Sergeant Harper showed that the
place had been entered by burglars and
a boy saw two men jump the fence and
run away as the flames shot through
the roof. Entrance had been effected
through the basement window and the
door leading from the basement had been
forced open with a "jimmy." the marks
being plainly visible. The burglars had
made their exit by unbolting the base
ment door. ■
They had carried a lamp from Mahan's
bedroom to a room upstairs, where Mrs.
Heaney had her dresses and linen stored
in the closet. it was in this closet where
the tire started, and it is supposed that
the burglars while using a candle or
matches to make a selection of the arti
cles had Bet fire to one of the dresses
either by accident or design, and observ
ing what they had done they fled. The
only article discovered missing was a val
uable overcoat longing to Mahan. The
loss to The building by the lire is esti
mated at about $6000.
The police are making every effort to
capture the burglars and fire raisers, but
as they have little or nothing to work
upon the, chances are that they will not
be discovered. The boy who saw them
jump the fence could only give an im
perfect description of them, as it was
dark and he did not get a good look at
them.
SUPERVISORS ALLOW AN
EXTENSION OF TIME
WEBSTER-STREET BRIDGE SPEC
IFICATIONS ALTERED.
The New Structure Not Likely to Be
Opened for Traffic Until Late
Next October, if Then.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 8.
The Board of Supervisors this afternoon
granted Cotton Bros, an extension of time
until September i on their contract for
the construction of the new Webster
China's Powerful Sword.
; There is an ancient and dreadful «word in
China. It gives to the man who happens to
hold it the Dower to cut off the head of any
Aif n.nX 1S n es without danger of punishment,
stonfirh «i lle nee before sword fearfully na
tet^r'«\ JUn h nr f ° re the aPl'ronch of Hos
' cures all V"" aoh ? I V * J nils «-mous remedy
cures all forms " stomach troubles, tfeginnlnk
' ki nY constlnation and ending with ißer or
kidney di.sease. It will be found In all drue
."torea and It always cures nu In au arug
WHEN YOU ;
OW$O&%*L faquirs an E.2C
TRIC BELT ? et " Dr -
-7^^o^- Pierces" and you will
' ' * not be disappointed,
'/?(<' Call or address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Mirk* st. (opp. Pific« H«te), S. F.
(O v **" ÜB, JOBDAN'S Groa*
£||gQ Museum of Anatomy
iPirii 1051 SIASZST OT.tst. 6thft 7th, S.f.CiL
9 aIaI Tk« L»rftit»flttkln*toth«.Worl«.
||»\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
|JV W J[ Ok • Con«nH»tl«n tnt. Write f»r Beok
vi I of Marriage.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
1 <»25 KEABXT NT. Established
X in 1854 for the treatment of Private
W Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
A disease wearing on bodyand mind and
■ Skin Diseases. The doctor cures wh°n
■ others fait Try him. Charges low
H Cnrenvaarontprd. Callorwrlte.
3»r. J. !•'. uIBBOX, Box l&37.Sac FiancUica.
street bridge. It was intimated that still
further time might be allowed. Super
visor Roeth stated that it had become im
possible for the contractors to complete
the work by July 1. as agreed upon. He
had also asked the Southern Pacific Com
pany for an extension of time until Octo
ber 1 for the removal of the Alice street
bridge, which has been utilized during the
work on the new bridge, and to accommo
date traffic between Alameda and Oak
land.
Work on the new Webster street bridge
is progressing very slowly. Almost five
weeks were lost at the time of commenc
ing operations on account of the contrac
tors not being able to secure the Bervices
of the only suitable dredger, which was
at the time being used by the railroad In
dredging its slips.
The Supervisors to-day also altered the
Cy^^^DTij
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies.
OVER SO KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINO3.
Physician in attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain Finery; trout, deer and
email game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths In variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
: Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
j County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
j via Hopland. $8; via Calistoga. $9.
I Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
' 8. P. R. R. to Calistoga. For Illustrated pam-
phlet or further information address J. CRAIO.
1 Highland Springs. Lake County. CaL, or see
L. D CRAIO 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
| Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
I end Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS. PEIN * BULLWINKEL.
620 Post st., San Francisco.
: SUGGS' HOTSPRIHGS
Sonoma County; only 4% hours from San
■ Francisco and but 9 miles staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
! STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
; stages; round trip from San Francisco only
1 $5 60. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:39
:p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
; erences, any guest of the past four years.
i Patronage constantly Increasing— last year un-
precedented. J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
VICHY SPRINGS,
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH. MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
; champagne baths. Only place in the world of
' this class of waters having continuous flow or
1 natural warm water direct from springs to
i bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
1 Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
first-class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
HOTEL CAPITOLA, By the Sea,
CAPITOLA, Cal. CHANGE OF MANAGE-
MENT—MR. FRANK M. SMITH, formerly of
the Occidental Hotel, San Francisco. Cal.. and
: the Hotel Metropole, Catalina Island, will as-
I sume the management of Hotel Capitola this
i season. The hotel will be conducted strictly
! first-class. The cuisine and service will be per-
fect Prices reasonable. For terms and infor-
mation address FRANK M. SMITH. Hotel
Capitola. Capitola, Cal.
The Place for AnpTJA DTV n T the FOOT '
REST and UKLHAKDHigj^th.
HEALTH SPRINGS £$&
Plain, Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water.
Mountain Air, Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
I A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
' VALLEY ; now open for guests. For terms
! and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal,
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April V Ample accom- ;
modations in Hotel; also In new cottages. Just
completed.
mRS.A. t. MooRE,
BELVEDERE,
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery; mountain
! walks: pure spring water: ■ beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
real and health culture In a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM, St. Helena, Cal.
n r p r c< TOCALOMA. M c-g. IN
IJERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations- reasonable rates; fishing; beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor, 5S Third St., San Francisco.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed: fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
from Calistoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices. $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER,. Adam Spring. ___
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from Ban
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET, I
homelike manner, v ith one of the best
tables in the county: $10 to $13 per week. Round
trip to 50. S F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. WIL r ON. Bertha, Lake
County, Cal. - -. , -
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths; furnished cottages.
Terms, $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HOWELL, Hopland, Cal.
HOITT'S,
MENLO ~ PARK. SAN MATEO CO. ONE
hour from San Francisco. Ten daily trains
each way. Open to guests during; June and
July. Address IRA G. HOITT. ]
specifications for the new bridge. Ac
cording to a communication from Profes
sor Cory of the State University, the
specifications relating to the electrical
construction are faulty In not giving •
act details. Hence amended specifications
were submitted, providing tor two 25
--horsepower motors, which Professor Cory
believes will be sufficient capacity when
operated at the proper voltage to operate
the end lifts and turn the bridge under
the must favorable circumstances. The
new specifications which the Supervisors
adopted to-day also provide for the sub
stitution of a castiron disk containing
three holes to receive plugs for an in
definite number of electro-magnetic lock
ing switches.
The resolution adopting the changes
Btates that "it is for the benefit of the
county and is without any additional cost.
Trip to Paso Robles from
San Francisco is relieved of
any possible tediousness to
invalids. They can ride
in a
Pullman Car
to the door
of the hotel. The hot sul-
phur and mud baths have
made many invalids strong
enough to return without
the aid of a Pullman.
Otto E. Never, Prop. City Office,
Paso Robles, Cal. 636 Market st.
I
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
For your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc. .
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New .Montgomery Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs), Prop, and Manager.
The hotel and cottages been thoroughly
renovated — new furniture, beds, carpets, etc. ■
The Table the beat the market affords. The
Baths refitted and improved — competent at-
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
beautified. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
leave Third and Townsend sts., S. F., at 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gilroy for
the Springs. ■
For illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Gilroy Hot Springs, Cal.
OPENS Ist.
ROYVARDENNAN,
Santa Cruz Mountains of San Lorenzo River,
3V4 hours from S. F. ; 40 minutes from Santa
' Cruz; grounds and river lit by electricity; ten-
nis, bowling, boating, bathing, fishing and golf
links; elegant hall and dining room; club, bil-
liard and smoking rooms; new hard-finished
and elegantly furnished; telephone. OPENS
MAY I: round trip, $3. Address W. E. VEA-
7AK. Lessee, South Ben Lomond.
Your children are safe
at /Etna Springs, and
they are welcome.
2 train? dally— 7:3o a. m. and 4 p. m. Round
trip $7. includes private carriage to Springs.
W. L. Mitchell. Aetna Springs. Napa Co., Cal.
THE HOYA RETREAT SSKS! mllefl
Mineral water; fine hunting; finest climate
in California; magnificent location; plenty of
eggs, milk and fruit; summer boarders ac-
commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
, and home comforts; good board with all the
delicacies of the season. For terms, address
MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY. P. O. box «7.
Gilroy. ■
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs, Glen Ellen,
Sonoma County: also 20 completely furnished
5-room cottages; good boating, fishing and
hunting; finest summer resort and mineral
water for nil diseases in America; camping
i ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr.
C. C. O'Donnell. 10214 Market st., bet. Sixth
and Seventh, San Francisco.
UflC k HATEI The grandest resort in the
A niFIEL Sierra . Nevadas for the
I hunter and fisherman; pleasant sunny rooms,
i good boating on lake: boats free to guests:
prices reasonable, $s to $10 per week; special
rates for families. The celebrated Truckee
- River trout are unequaled in California. W. J.
McDonald. Manager.
JHENDENHALL MINERAL SPRINGS.
Open under new management, on cottage
plan: 2000 feet above sea; average heat. 73
degrees. Stage connects with trains at Liver-
more at 2:15 p. m. Entire fare from San Fran-
cisco, $2 50. For particulars address DR.
FRANK PITT, Proprietor,. Li vermore, Cal.
IN MENDOCIN'O COUNTY.
Beautiful scenery and drives; unexcelled
hunting; best trout fishing in California; excel-
i lent table, $7 to per week; fine rigs for accom-
i modation of guests; daily mails. Get full par-
ticulars from A. H. YORDI.- SO3 Call build-
! inc. San Francisco. •
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R.. the place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address 11. (Jr. MAR-
TIN. Camp Taylor. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck. Slsklyou County, Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast..
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS., Proprietors. . - .
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment; none better
in Lake Co. gas indoors and out.
H. WAMBOLD.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk. butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
$7. E. M. SHELFOKD, Cloverdale. Cal.
J Free carriage.
and is a matter of better construction and
working operation."
Tlir board also provided thai instead of
redwood pile- for the foundations of the
( .nter pier, the two rest piers and the
cylinder piers, pine piling be used. This
to l" also done without extra cost to the
county.
In the Divorce Court.
OAKLAND, May B.— "Divorce suits were
commenced to-day by Gall Forrest Graves
against Edward L. Graves; P.elb- Garcin
against Edmoml Garcia; Lizzie Hill
against Bertram Hill; Minnie E. Albers
against Geerge E. Albers. The divorce
suit of Catherine R. Kennedy against
Richard C. Kennedy was dismiss..! to
day, and in the divorce siiit of Nellii
vs. Victor B. Gay default of defendant
has been mtered.
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND.
3 ! , i Hours Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for Information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept. 1, -auspices the Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles, Cal.
n ft n ft IA A hot SPRINGS. - Th!
Vft Kill V I I beautiful summer and
I Hll HI til I winter resort. now
■ ■■■■■■■%fw owned and managed by
DR. J. PERRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, in the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds;
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery; lovely
i walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
; cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
| remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Townsend st. depot. ' 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
i stage to Paralso.) Round trip. $S. For further
| information address J. PERRAT'LT. M.D., Pa-
-1 ralso Springs, or city office, 336 Sutter st.. S. F.
I HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
LAKE COUNTY.
The Best In the World.
HOTEL, COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
ied with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
i round. Sulphur, Iron, Magnesia and Arsenic.
| All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURES
i of Rheumatism, Catarrh, Dyspepsia, Paraly-
' sis, Skin Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
i Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
i Terms, $10 to $18 per week. Daily stage from
Callstoga. J. A. HAYS, Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thi* delightful watering place is located in
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
! plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
■ water, fine itone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
' good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
LAKE COUNTY.
NEW 19-PASSENGER xOSEMITE STAGES,
all outside seats, direct to the most pictur-
esque portion of California. Best equipped stage
line in the State. Leaves Callstoga dally (Sun-
days excepted) at 11:30 a. m.. direct to Harbin,
Seigler, Adams. Howard Anderson, Astorgs
and Glenbrook; half an hour for lunch at Calls-
toga; also to Middletown. Lower I- ke, Kel«ey-
ville and Lakeport. W -. SPIERS, Prop.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty, fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seaview, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. S. F.. for par-
ticulars.
, — _ i
C iDI CRin~ Most beautiful spot in Lake
< WAiYLODAU County. The mineral springs are
' famous for marvelous cures when all elso
j failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
' bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per -week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. K. McGOVERN, Carls-
bad, Lake County.
HOTEL* BENVENUE
And cottages, Lakeport, Cal.— Large (rounds;
new dancing pavilion, 80x40: fronts lake 200 ft.;
fine bowling alley and shuffleboard: swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free; children's play-
ground: good table; no Chinese help. F. &
A. M. SCALES, Proprietors.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLAS3
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
I ing: artificial lake for boating and swimming;
: long distance telephone: campers' return tick-
ets $2 50: hotel open the year round. Send for
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Cal.
BROOK-
The beautiful new resort at the head of
Napa Valley is now open. First-class ac-
commodations, hot and cold water, gas, baths,
, mineral springs. For health, scenery, climate
and beautiful drives It is unsurpassed. Write
for pamphlet. LORRIN BOOTH, Prop., Cal-
lstoga, Cal.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris, Prop., Napa County, Cal. Sura
cure for dyspepsia, indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation: hot mineral baths. These
springs aro located in Napa County, 20 miles
east of St. Helena. The water Is bottled at
the springs and contains its own natural gaa.
; Stage leaves St. Helena.
CLENU/OOD HOTEL.
AMONG THE REDWOODS, SANTA CRUZ
M't'ns: 6 minutes' walk from depot; milk,
poultry, fruit, iron springs; i_-as throughout;
1 telephone and telegraph. Round trip, $2 50; $S to
$10 per week. Free carriage to and from trains.
Write WILLIAM MARTIN. Glenwood, Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
: Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via Tib-
,' uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
i $12 per week, $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
■ ente Springs, Aqua Callente, Sonoma Co.. Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT. AND OUTING . PLACE
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
! Veeder, 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms. $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT, Oakville. Napa County, Cal.
PARK HOUSE and cottages at Ben Lomond.
10 miles from ' Santa Cruz, with unsurpassed
climate, presents the best to be had as a
Bummer resort: best: drives in the State;
special rates to families; charges very mod-
erate. T- H. PETERSON. Ben Lomond. Cal.
LADY having handsome - country .home will
take boarders for the summer months: 10
minutes' walk from station. Address KOHL,
San Anselmo, Marin County, Cal. ;
ANY., one looking for., nine, quiet, comfortable
farm home to spend vacation address F.
QUIEN, Glen Ellen. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1C pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for U.
postage raid.
910
SUPERVISORS
FAIL TO FIX
GAS RATES
Old Bills Ordered
Passed to Print.
OBJECTIONS OF NO AVAIL
A NEW SCHEME TO EVADE THE
MAYORS VETO.
Spring Valley Company to Be Paid
For Water It Never Furnished
in Alta Plaza and Alamo
Square.
By a vote of seven to five the Supervis
ors yesterday passed th.c bills for Hght
mblic buildings for
mber, January, February and March
Tr» print.
The matt.r of fixing gas rates did not
ip In any form whatever.
The first Hurry over the gas proposi
tion arose when the bills for lighting the
various fire engine houses were presented
with the other minor bills tor current
expenses. Perrault moved that all the
bills with the exception of the gas bills
be allowed. Phelps wanted to know why
they were excluded.
ight an at
evade the law
by i : at' Us for ea< h exi
ted their
■
authorization
o the Mayor for bis sijj
for more, than that
I he Mayor
. .
Ing the total amount tip 10
. ■; dollars.
Perrault's motion ally prevailed.
Later in the session the bills for light
lng streets and public buildings, both
with qua and electricity for the same
period came up, having been approved by
tht» majority of the Finance Committee.
The tirst bill, aggregating $10,000, for light
ing streets with electricity, was read and :
Lackmann moved that action be Indefln
ltely postponed. The motion was defeat
ed—Aigoltlnger, Attrldge. Black, Collins,
Holland; Kalben and Phelpa opposing 11 . .
wlille Bylngton; Deasy, Hej'er, l.a.'kiivunn
and Perrault ippoi ted it." Perrault then
moved to postpone action until such time
as the gas company shall state what' ls
a fair and reasonable rate. This motion
was also lost by the same vote and then '
Phelps moved that tht bill be passed to
prim. The motion was carried by the !
same vote. • • rault changed his " vote .
from no to aye In order to make a motion
to reconsider at the next meeting. The
same action was token with eighteen
more bills tad the gas question was hung
up for another week.
The board refused to accept the reduc
tion of $iiHO 91 in the water bill for March,
made by the Finance Committee, and or
dered the total amount paid The bill
rendered was for $20,966, but it was shown j
that the company had been charging for
water lv Alta plaza and Alamo square
for years, while those parks have not
been under cultivation. The water com
pany, when it saw that Its game had
been discovered, voluntarily subtracted
Irom the March bill the amounts charged
for those squares, but the committee
wanted to hold out all the back charge
The same seven • Supervisors would not
support the proposition because the gas
and water inspector, who has only been
in iiftlre. three months, did not know of
his own knowledge that water had not
been furnishfcd at those places during the
past four or five years. His statement
that the parks were I irren and showed
no Indications of having been under culti
vation was hardly ■' lent, but finally
the bill went over for a week.
1-ackmaim Introduced a resolution cull
ing the attention of the Board of Health
tv the .State quarantine service, supported
by this city and county, which he deemed
unnecessary In view of the Federal quar
antine. The resolution provided for turn
ing the quarantine boat over to the har- '
bor police, it was referred to the Health
and Police Committee.
Perrault's resolution providing that no '
supplies for the city of any description be
purchased unless by contract was lost
lhe resolution permitting coursing
p;c-ks to sell pools was postponed for two
weeks.
The Merchants' Association, having
been requested by Supervisor Perrault to
define its position in regard to the grant- ■
Ing of a franchise for an electric road
between Sixth and Sansome streets and
Tenth and Montgomery streets, sent In
a communication referring the board to
its communication of March IS last In
which th« association objected to the
granting of an electric franchise on
Geary street between Taylor street and
Grant avenue and recommending that the
route be along Post street Instead. The
Second communication states that nothing
has transpired since th«n to change the
position of the association and again
recommends that the board grant permis
sion for thti road to run along Post street.
Garret McEneraey; representing the
owners of the Columbian building, ad
jacent to the ruins of the Baldwin Hotel,
urged the board to refuse Baldwin per
mission to longer maintain the advertis
ing fence surrounding the ruins. He said
it worked a great hardship upon hi* cli
ents. >us their tenants were constantly
complaining of the nuisance. Mr. McEli
erney was Informed that the resolution
recently passed ordering the fence set
back to the building line was still in
force and the board could do nothing
further in the matter beyond having the
present order enforced.
Bids? were opened for publishing the.
delinquent tax list as follows: Journal
of Commerce, & cents for each namu;
Report; 19 cents; Post, 16 cents; Bulletin, I
2i 1,2l ,2 cents; Star, 6 49-10 cents. The con
tract was awarded to the Star.
A boxing permit was granted the West
ern Athletic Club f«>r May and the Na
tional Athletic Club ■<* granted privilege
to hold a tournament covering four even
ings within sixty days.
The North Central Improvement Asso
ciation's petition that 5.T0.000 be provided
In the street fund for the repaying of
streets in the wholesale district was re
ferred to the Finance Committee with in
structions to Incorporate 1 1 1 1- amount In
the next tnx levy. Perrault gave notice
of reconsideration at the next meeting.
The City and County Attorney was
called upon for an opinion as to the
jiropcr action to be taken upon the ap
plication of the Market-Btreet Railway
Company for permission to OSe electricity
«r p. motive- power. The attorney's at
tention i? particularly directed "to the
Statutes of ISS3 and ISV7. which prescribe
that such privileges are In the nature of
•
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
Th*» following recommendations of tli«> Super-
SJntendent of Streets for the performance of
etroet work ware received and referred to the
Street? Committee: Grading of Rernal Park lo
tlie official line and grade; tying a stone Bide
walk on the easterly eide of Scott street, be
tween Fulton and Hayes; basalt block gutter
•uays on Koarny street, between Clay and
"Washington, and paving the roadway with t,I
tumlnous roefcrs paving Washington street, be
tween Kearny and Montgomery streets, with
bituminous rock: also Merchant street, between
Kearny and Montgomery streets; laying side
walks on Fifteenth street. between Noe and (Cas
tro; also on No*. between Henry and Sixteenth;
also on Pine street, between Sanchez and Noe'
nIBO on Collins-Wood street, between Elghtentti
and Nineteenth; «l?o on A anbury street, be
tween Waller and Frederick; also on 'Washing
ton street; between Locust and Spruce: also on
-.Broadway; between Flllmnre and Steiner; also
on ColllnKwoo.l street, between Seventeenth
end Elgrhteenth; also on Seventeenth street, be
tw»f:n Ko* and Sanches; paving crossing of
Jackson and Ijyon streets with bituminous
rock; laying granite eurba on Sixteenth street,
•between Noe and Castro, and paving roadway
with basalt blocks; paving roadway of Seven
ternth street. b*tM - een Douglass street and
Clara avenue, with basalt ; grading the cross-
Int; of Bennlngton and Newman streets and
gewerinjs the same with ten-Inch sewer: also
gradfric find •ring crossing of Bennlngton
find Kllert streets : constructing 12-lnch" sewer
in crossing of Cortland avenue and Bennington
street : laying 18- Inch sewer In Castro, between
Twenty-sixth and Army streets, to connect
vit the Twenty-Flxth-strcet sewer; laying 10
--lnch sewer in Grove street, between Scott and
Devisadero; laying 14-lnch Fewer in Twenty
tbi"4 street, between Rhode Island and De ■
Haro streets ; paving Beaver street, between
Noe and Castro, with basalt; paving Burrltt
street, from Bush to southerly termination of
! Burritt street, with bituminous rock; laying
curbs, and stone sidewalks on Liberty street,
between Dolores and Church streets: paving
Central avenue, between Pulton and McAllis
ter, with bituminous rock; paving Walter
street, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth,
with bitumious rock -■■-' sewering the same;
paving Liberty street, between Valencia and
Guerrero, with bituminous rock.
RESOLUTIONS PASSED.
Resolutions ordering street work performed
were passed, as follows: Paving of Laurel
Street from Washington to Jackson, bitumen,
except a strip fourteen feet wide in the center
to be paved with basalt blocks: paving of Front
street, between Clay and Washington, bitu
men; sewerlnir a street between Seventh and
Eighth avenues; laying a 12-inch pipe sewer
in Arlington street, between Miguel and 2\a
tk-k.
STREET WORK ACCEPTED.
The following street work was accepted:
Page street, from Aahbury to Clayton street,
paved with bitumen; crossing of Page and Ash
bury streets, bitumen; crossing of Golden Gate j
avenue and Lyon street, bitumen; Greenwich
btreet. from Pierce to Scott, basalt blocks;
Eighteenth street, from Church to Sanchez, :
bitumen; Kansas street. Alameda to Fifteenth, I
basalt blocks; Kansas street, from Fifteenth to
Sixteenth, basalt; crossing of Kansas and Fif
teenth streets, basalt.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
the conditional acceptance of Leavenworth
street, from Lombard to Chestnut, paved with
asphalt and bitumen. The full acceotanoe of j
th« following streets was recommended: Cen
tral avenue, from McAllister to Golden Gate
avenue, bitumen; Hickory avenue, from Gough
to Octavla. bitumen: Clinton Park, from Valen
cia to Guerrero, bitumen.
RESOLUTIONS FOR STREET WORK.
Resolutions for the following street work were
adopted: Seventh avenue south, between Rail
road avenue and N street south, grading, red
wood curbs and macadamizing, George Brj
ant, grading 37 .cents per cubic yard. macadam- ,
izing S\ cents per square foot, macadam- j
izing sidewalk i ! ; cents uer square foot, red
wood curbs 15 cents per linear foot; crossing of
Eighteenth and Eureka streets, paving with
bitumen, Williams. Belser & Co.; Eighteenth
street, between Clara and . Danvers streets,
granite curbs and bitumen pavement. Williams
Belser & Co : Bank street, between Cortland :
rind Jefferson avenues, grading, redwood curbs,
etc . Joe J. de Haven; sewer in Seventh street,
from point 130 feet from Berry street, SE. to
channel street, Williams, Belser & Co.; Four
teenth street, between Dolores and Market,
bitumen.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS GRANTED.
The following private contracts were granted: j
Dchon street, between Sixteenth and Seven- j
teenth, bitumen. City Street Improvement
Company; •nt-sine of Sixteenth and Church !
streets, bitumen, same; Army street, between i
Valencia and Guerrero, bitumen, San Fran
cisco Paving Company; Twenty-ninth street,
between Mission and Noe, bitumen, same;
sewer in C street, between Seventh and Eighth
avenues, Felix McHugh; Twelfth avenue, be
tween- Clement and California streets, mac- j
adamizing. Peter Slcllugh; crossing of Seventh !
avenue and C street, grading and macadamiz- j
ing. Peter Mellugh; sewer in Parnassus ave
nue, at a. point commencing sixty feet easterly
from center line of First avenue, to connect
with etrM-er in Parnassus avenue, Williams.
Belser &• Co.
GRADES BSTABXjIS&D.
Grades were established as follows: Bhrader
h:ul Bvulah streets, 2i13 feat; Thirteenth street
southerly line, and southerly curb line of 41 08
feet sterly from easterly line. south of Brod
erick street, at 254.C9 feet; Thirteenth street
northerly curb line of. at a point 4.78 feet west- !
erly along said line from point at right angles
southerly from northerly line of Thirteenth
street; Minn * Treacy. twenty days for pay- !
of Buena Vista avenue, at 335.88 feet; Thir
teenth street, between Buena Vista avenue and '
Alpine street, grade to conform to gradient*
between points above described an! official
■
THE STOCK MARKET.
. I/oca! securities opened the w-vok with an ac- i
tive business on the morning session. Hawaiian '
, opened -till lower at »110, but recovered to $115
: Paauhau »-. also lower at Mi. and Hutchinscm i
I «us easy, selling down to f.14 7.",. Contra Costa
Water fell buck to $73 78. Giant Powder ad
vanced to $75 X and Gas and Electric to $T5.
Other changes were slight.
There was not much change in mlnln* stocks
Standard Consolidated declared a dividend of
lo cents and Mexican levied an assessment of
10 rents. The telegram from the pump said
"Elevator working steadily Water In the i;;i>
foot level winze la U feet 3 Inches below the
j station."
The directors of the Occidental Consolidated
have authorized th- signing of the agreement
with the Chollar and Potoal mining companies
' in regard to the extension of the south or
Zadie drift on the Sutra tunnel level of the
Brunswick lode.
The following companies have cash on hand-
Alpha Consolidated, no: Alta, 1782 with iiw
due the bank; Andes. J505-; Belcher, JS2H4; Best
& Belcher, ICu:,; Hulllon, $1<«; Caledonia $4363-
Confidence, »713: Chollar. MtSo; Con.«olidated
Calliornla and Virginia, $2:<S3 with April ex
penses at the mine unpaid; Consolidated Mew
York, J417: Consolidated Imperial, JHI4; Chal
lenge Consolidated. »1661| Crown Point |57J
i with April exposes at the mine unpaid- Ex
chequer. )■■■•. Gould & Curry, $2375; Halr> &
Norcross. (:<:>. with bills payable of J2500- Jura '
Consolidated, 11306; Justice, $1008; Mexican I'M- '
Overman, »3207; Ophlr, $li), 71«; | toe) 'tilt)'
With Ills payable of MOM; Savage, Ml*: .-..«'
Belcher, $267; Scorpion. $G3; Sierra Nevada
$11,465; Standard Consolidated, $79 7;.; with
April expenses unpaid and the bullion clean-up ■
for that month not yet received; Oliver 11111 '
Ji- . with bill* yayable of $100; Syndicate, $158* ;
union Consolidated, ?7"4. Utah Consolidated,
$S3.
Tlie following- ore <<iipments were made from
the mines of Eureka District, Nevada, for the !
week ending May .*,: Alexandria mine 40 4fio
pounds; Diamond, 124,860; Eureka Consolidated
102. 350; Parllnger, 11,090; Jackson. 69,;?0.
The Bullion anil Confidence assessment! of 5
and *> cents per share will be delinquent In the
offiofeß to-day.
STOCK AND 'Mi EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, May 8-2 p. in.
Bid. Ask i Uld.Ask
Bonds— Equit 'i 1. Co. 7»A r- t
4s quar coup.. — .Mutual El Co. ]'>■> 17
4s quar n»g.. — — Oakland Oae.. ' 47
■Ist 4 liar new.. — 1291, Ph.- Gas Imp.. 73 —
2? (juar c0up.. 10794 — Pac 1. Co — 4:.
Miscellaneous SPG* 8.... 74>i 75
Cal-st Cab is. 11" — Ban Fran 3Vs Hi
Cal Elec L 6b.125«127^ Stockton G«s.. — ug
C C Wat is. ...11l - ! Insurance-
Dup-et ex 0...— — Firem's Fund.22l% —
, E L & P Is.. .l*o*l*l Bank Stocks-
P .<• Cl Ky 63. — 117U Anglo-Cal .... — 671*
Qeary-st X la. - 100 ißank of Ca1..25S — '
H C A S SVis.lOtH - Cal 8 D &T - !)S>;
L A Rj 5a ..106%106Vi Lon I* * A... — mv
LA 1. Co 65.. 101!.* — Flrßt Nat10n1..220 — •-
Do until (S..lOlV* — Mer Exchange — it;
Market-st 68...128 — jNev Nat 8k..U0 —
Do Ist M 55. 117 — j Savings Banks—
NCN Q U 75.10J - Qer S 1 L.. — 1630
N »v i'ul fa .1« - Hum B & L.IOM 1160
N Hy Cal 5e..113V4 — .Mutual Bar.. — 41%
N PC H X Is. — 10)j |B F Say U.. 500 —
N PCH It r,s,lW, - B & I. 80..., - 101
N Cal H X &S.IOJH - Security s n 300 KM
Oak Ua# ..110 mvi Union T Co. — 14«S
Om C Ky 6s..i:sh - I Street Hallroailn—
P & Cl Ry 15.107 — [California ÜBH —
P&O as 117 - jUeary F.7W —
Powell-st 65... — 122M,:Market-9t 63 C 3%
Par XI Ry Ss. — - |Oak 8 L 4 H. — —
8F & N P is. — I'r^piJl 13 -
o F & B JVS«.IUHII6 ! Powder—
BlerraßCal GK..10514 _ California 160 187%
- Pof Ar Is .113 114 R Dynamite... - 100
SPC 6s (1808) — 112 Giant Con Co. 7SV4 —
BPC 6s (U»0«) — — Vlgorlt 2^ 3Mi
SPC 6» (1312) - - Bugai
SPOIs eg r.3.100 — Hand ]■ C 0.... 17 17U
1 B I' Pr la IB* - Haw C& S C.119 —
a V Water 6s. — 117 Hutch S V Co. ::4% 85
S V Water 45.103V5 — Kllauea 8 Co. 32 1 i 32^
; y v W4s(ldm) .:'•,! Paauhau s I. 41% n%
Stktn Has li itlH - MIK.-ellaneou«—
' Water Stocks— Al Pac Assn.. lll% —
Contra Costa.. 73* i 74 <;.-r IA \\'ks..tt,'} ' —
Marln Co .. a 0 — Mer Ex Assn.. M —
Spring Valley. lo2^lo3 Oceanlo 8 Co.. 87H 90
(!a» and Electric— Par AF A is lit
rapitnl Gas... — — Pac C Uor C 0.115. 115 —
rentrnl O <%).. — — Par Paint Co.. 74 -
Cent L & P... — ' 1
Morning: Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 11150
r.CO Contra Costa Water 74 00
100 Contra Costa Water 73 !,7U
50 Contra Costa Water, b 'i 73 1)0
(0 Contra Costa Water 73 go
25 Contra Costa Water 73 75
--SIOOO Edison '.. & P bonds iso 75
12D Giant Powder Con 7500
7."> Giant Powder Con 75 15
50 [ana Plantation Co 57 25
270 liana Plantation Co 17 ou
100 Hutrhlnson 8 P Co 34 87%
160 Hutehlnson S P Co 34 75
DOS Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 110 00
l" Hawaiian Commercial & Su^ar m 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 11; 00
7"> Cllauea Sugar Plantation Co [ 39 ;q
100 Mutual Electric Light ]g 75
10 Oakland Gas 47 qq
100 Oceanic B 8 C 0...... g 6 C o
250 Paauhau B P ( '" — \ 41 O i)
5 Paauhau 8 P Co, s 90 ;...... 41 00
;r, Pacific Oaa Imp.. 73 -,„
310 8 F Gas & Electric Co 75 m
10 S V Water 102 £5
$4000 8 V I per cent bonds 116 60
Street—
J13.000 8F«8 J V bonds 115 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Contra Costa Water 73 60
SO Contra Costa Water •■.', 7-,
SO Contra Costa Water, h 10 73 87V.
100 Contra Costa Water, b 10 74 , 0 "
10 Contra. Costa Water ...;. 73 571/
&0 Giant Powder Con 75 25 "
CO Giant Powder Con 7; 50
100 Giant Powder Con 75 7;
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 117 00
' 100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 117 -,
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 117 75
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Bojrar us 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Su^ar......us BO
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Su«ar .119 00
60 Hutehlnson S P Co. .^ 35 00
76 Hutchinson S P Co i* 34 S7l
-100 Oceanic S S Co T. S7 00
185 Oceanic S S Co.: 87 50
75 Mutual Electric Light.. 16 75
THE SA:N FKAWCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1899.
95 Paauhau S P Co 41 62H
BO Paauhau S 1' Co 4! 00
i 50 Paauhau SP Co j.. 41 87%
I 280 Paauhau B I' Co 41 75
i 140 S F Gas & Electric Co 74 75
• 20 S F Gas & Electric Co. 74 87M>
HISF Gas & Electric Co, b 5 •. 75 00
10 S V Savings Union 607 50
$1000 S P of A bonds ......113 50
j 20 S V Water 102 75
Street—
125 Mutual Electric Light 17 00
$1000 S F 4 9 J V bonds 115 50
10 Hutchinson S P Co 35 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Market-st Railway 62 50
30 Market-st Railway...  62 «2Vi
. 50 Contra Costa Water. 74 00
40 Mutual Electric Light 17 12ft
150 Equitable Gas ■. ' 8 00
100 Central L & P , 7 50
35 Spring Valley 102 00
25 Spring Valley.... 101 K7&
, Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Paauhau S P Co < 41 00
30 Paauhau S P Co 40 87>4
50 Central L & P 7 75
I 85 Mutual Electric Light 16 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co 34 75
76 Equitable Gas » 00
MIXING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
j cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 57 200 Mexican 56
100 Challenge 35 200 Mexican 55
200 Challenge 34 100 Ophir 130
50 Challenge 33 100 Overman 14
100 Choi 88 100 Potosl 27
500 Con Imperial... 02 50 Potosl 28
100 Confidence 105 600 Seg Belcher 03
150 Confidence 100 100 Union Con 43
200 Hale & Norcrs. 27 600 Utah 13
; 300 Justice 23 200 Yellow Jacket.. 44
Afternoon Session.
! 300 Alpha 07 100 Mexican 5S
100 Alta 10 500 Mexican 62
100 Best & Belcher 56 100 Ophlr 123
600 Bullion 07 100 Sierra Nev 100
200 Crown Point... 21 100 Standard 2 PO
100 Hale & Noicnj. 27 200 Utah 19
, 400 Justice 25
Following were the sales In th« Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 59 600 Crown Point... 20
300 Caledonia SS 150 Gould & Curry. 3»
600 Caledonia 39 100 Gould & Curry. 33
200 Challenge Con: SO 200 Justice 25
150 Chollar 34 800 Ophir 1 30
1 400 Con <"al & V...1 75 300 Savage 27
: 400 Con Coi & V.I 72',i! 200 Savage 26
200 Con Cal i V...170 300 Sierra Nev..... »9
300 Confidence 1 10 ■ 1700 Utah 19
800 Crown Point... 22 ISOO Utah 20
400 Crown Point... 21 i 300 Yellow Jacket.. 45
Afternoon Session. •
; 300 Belcher 38 1 400 Mexican 62
1600 Bullion 07 200 Ophlr 1 30
; V."hi Cnledonia 89 400 Ophlr 1 27^
I 200 Caledonia 37 200 Savnge 2o
tOO Con Cal A; V...1 i 200 Sierra Nev.:... I<S
100 Con Cal & V.I 67V4 800 Union Con 47
600 Crown Point... 20 . S!i>> Utah ..: IS
700 Gould & Curry. 38 2i*> Utah 17
100 Gould & Curry. 37 200 Yellow Jacket.. 45
800 Hale & Norcrs. 25 ;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, May B—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Aek.
Alpha 07 OS Kenturk 04 it*
\ Alta 09 WlLady Wash 01 M
Andes 09 10 Mexican 61 62
Belcher 37 39 Occidental 33 —
Best &- Belcher r.5 R6 Ophir IJOI 25 |
Bullion 06 07 Overman 12 14
Caledonia S3 33 PotoM 23 23 ;
Chollar 81 82 Savage 23 20 '
Challenge Con. 33 86 Scorpion — 03
Confidence — 1 08 Beg Belcher...- 02 03
Con ''hi * V...1 66 1 70 Sierra Nev 86 1 00
Con Imperial... 01 02 silver Hill — 05
Crown Point... 20 21 Syndicate 05 —
Con New York. 02 —St Louis 07 —
• iTxchequer . -- 03 Standard 253 —
■ Gould A Curry. 38 3S Union Con 44 48
; Hale .v Norcrs. V, 27 Utah 17 19
i Julia 02 OS Yellow Jacket.. 42 44
: Justice -* zo
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
• GRAND HOTEL.
J C Uglow, Oregon jMrs Sheldon, Province
<i c Brown, Fortuna Mies Atkinson, Englml
r A Bhaw Fortuna H Stern. Anaheim
H F Kemper A w. CalH F Pattereon. M T
W Nicholls Jr. Cat C 8 Knuwhl. Lima
C Inns. Fresno iW H Travis, Lh An«
>' Bleber, Bleber Miss A Bostwick, Cal
M A MeFarland. Kana pr H A Coryn, London
M (i MeFarland, KansF H Weeks, Boston
M Donnelly, Kans M HeuHheimer, N V
Mrs F E New Home, Ari C Btußpey & w, N V
W Breokenridpe. Ariz 'Mrs T Pelkey. N 1"
J T Bennett, Benicla ,W A White, Watsonvl
P Cook, Rio Vist.i l>r W F Hates ft W.Ca]
(} Peirano, San Jose W Monroe & w, c i
M A Craig, Cal Mrs E3 .T Reither, Baeto
«.} B Nichols, B L Oblsp Mrs Felter. Sact o
11 .1 Powell, Chicago IJ A Mclntlre, Baoto
H ,1 Bateman, Le Ang a 1: Owens ft w, c. ( i
,1 Newman, Portland A Germaner & w, Cal
M I. Mepy, Chlco .T Benton, Tracy
J M Bell, Kingman A Auferson, Suisun
A V Hogle, Chicago Dr F F Flarik, S Jose
Mrs. Davles, Wash C II Blumer, Sacto
J LookHtrom, Alaska V Denllthorne, S Jose
V W King * w, NY c 11 Ford. Bn Andreas
Mrs 1: M Nlff. Ohio A Meyer. Modesto
C Hetrard, Fresno >R X Thurber Jr, c i
Mlpb X Tingley, NY ! J D McOllvray. P Alto
Miss Fa.Ma, NY M Marks, Orovllle
': Hedlund, Sweden W W Kre«<»n. Colusa
Miss A Torson, Sweden M L Durbln. Naps
¥ M Pierce, N V U B Johnson, Uklah
C Thurstnn. Pmvldenc W A Ednlger, Panaden
1 I. Harris, Macon iS It Fair & w, Butte
Nil-* Cleather, London W Cashton & w, Tex
B Crump., London A T McSortey, Cal
H X It iirwn, London Mrs A Longland, Cal
Mrs L V Wood, Cal C Moltcer, Pt Reyes
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs M Schumacher. 11l Mrs Chapman, N T
C C Block. USB lowa II 'i Herget, 111
II !'• Gleaaen, L Anp Mrp II a Herget, 11l
Mrs Oleasen, I- Ann FH. Rice, Mass
it i! Breckenrtdge, Col Mr« F II Rice. Mass
Mrs Breokeniidge, Col H F Rice, Mass
Dr X M Lundborg. Cal Miss it Rice, Mass
<; M Bowman. Ohio ;II M Hills. Conn
11 F Barrett. N V Mr 3L It M Hills. Conn
A Lambeth. N \ A Beasongtwd. Ohio
]■ j Trlgillls, BC Mrs Seasongood, Ohio
AE l 1 Scott. Fresno Miss M Seasongood, 0
Mrs M J Scott, Or Miss R Seasongood. (>
L X Scott. 11l H H Flint. Angels Cm
]•' H Crane, NY <; H Berk mass. N V
<• Wler. L Ang W H Ryan, N V
A C Smith. N V Mrs 3 C Boyce, 8 Barb
C E (tllson. Baxto li E I^edgerwood, Ch«o
t) F Warnock. ''lino E H Abodls, Mexico
Edna Aug. Cincinnati Mrs Abodls. Mexico
C V Barton, Colo W 'I Chnnslor, L Auk
Mrs Barton. Colo H L >V Lythom. Eng
Mrs J A BJardln, S Rsa * E Cochran, Boston
Miss E Hardln. B Rosa C M Hunter, La
.1 (' Chapman, NY '-'-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
X Cloud Cavlte, V l |fl Whltmee, N B W
r Hoffman. Ma H F Brewer, la
J Smitti. Stockton -i 11 Wertx, Pa
c \v Thompson, 111 A i.in-xak, Ohio
W Btorey, Chicago •' W McArtaur, niiio
j n Btern. NY C JRewman, Manila
c Rlley, Fresno 'H Owesney, Manila
C Smith H Jose fi Sholea, Manila
H McLaughlln, Frvumi C Strlngfellow, Munlla
O Goorch DC O D Crothera, Ohio
LATH BHIPPIXG INTELLIGENCE.:
BAILED.
Monday, May 8.
Btmr Westport, Peterson.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWBNB LANDlNG— Arrived May B— Bchr«
Bender Brothers and Corinthian, hence May 0.
Sailed May B— Stmr Alcatraz. for Port Los
GRBBNWOOD Balled May &— Stmr -Whltea
boro, for San Francisco.
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 MontKuniery street,
corner Clay; oven until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hays street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; oi>'-n until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkln strnet; open until :<:SO o'clock.
IMI Mlsdon street; open until 10 o'clock.
8261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 3 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2."2<> Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; uiien until 9 o'clock.
" MKKTING NOTICES:
CALIFORNIA chapter No. 5, R. A. M.. •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- li
I/O. May '.'. tit 7:30 o'clock. IV M. mid TtlT
M E. M degrees. By order of the H. 'V'
P. - FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and a. ft
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _Jk_
EVENING. May 9, at 7:30 ..'fl.x-k. TTIP
D. 3. ceo. J. HOBB, Secretary. /^r>
MISSION Chapter No. 79, H. A. M.- m
Special meeting THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING. May 9, 7:30 o'clock. Mission
Masonic Temple. 2fiCB Mission st. M7V>
M. Degree.- By order of the H. P.
JOHN K. HILLMAN. Secretary. {
PACIFIC LodKe No. 136. F. and A. M., a
121 Eddy at., meets THIS EVENING, i\_
7:30 o'clock. ID. 1 . : jEjt
- GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /V>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) m gk .
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. JLjt
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V>
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt Water
Company will be held at 827 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the 22d day of
May, 1899. at the hour of 3 p. m., for the pur.
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other but-lness as may come before the
meet Ins:. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day, May 12, 1b99, at 3 o'clock p. in.
('HAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
MEETIR NOTlCES— Continued.
BRITISH Benevolent Society of California—
nual meeting will be held at 4 o'clock TUES-
DAY, May 9, in assembly room, 303 California
St., for election of officers and other business.
WM. DOXEY, President.
G. C. WOODWARD. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The rt-gular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Hutchtnson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at the
v office of the company, 327 Market St.. ' San
Francisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 9th day
of May, 1599, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of eelcting a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday. April 28, 1899, at 3 o'clock
p m E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
' COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June. A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely at the fee of said Company,
number 527 Market St., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000), In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
an.l sailing ships and all other property of
paid Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by Bald Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
j ROOMS papered from $3; ""whitened7~sPup7
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. ESM.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 3 (thirty
cents per share) of the Puauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Co. will be payable nt the office of the
company, 527 Market st . on and after
WEDNESDAY. May 10. 1899. Transfer books
will close on BATURDAY. May li. i«i99. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
1 CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: tel. Main IBS". Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS second Kir! desires situation;
best ref.; city or country. MISS CULLEN.
320 Sutter «t.
NEAT young German girls desires situation as
nurse or housework; $10 to $16; ref. MISS
CULL.EX, 3% Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian cook and laundress
desires situation; bent ref.; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Ht.
NEAT young girl; light housework; 2 In fam-
ily; $12 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 32.1 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child desires 'situation cook-
ing and housework: wages no object: ref.;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress and cham-
bermaid desires situation; 2 years last place;
city or country. Mis.-? CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NEAT competent Irish girl desires situation;
govd 000k and houseworker; 3 years last
glace-, city or country. Miss CULLEN. 325
Putter St.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau, a number of first-class girls awaiting
situations. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter at
YOUNG girl wishes place to assist with chil-
dren or housework. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day: un-
derstands all kinds of work. MRS. NORTON,
813 Butter st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; good cook;
$12 to $15; city or country. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st. • .
WOMAN, with a child: good 000k and house-
keeper; wages no object. MRS. NORTON, 313
flutter st.
WANTED— By a good reliable nurse; can take
entire charge of an Infant; city or country;
bast of refernces; wages, $_>. Miss DILLON,
31*. Sutter St., phone Main 804.
THREE Bret cooks with best of references de-
sire situations. See J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
316 Sutter st.
WOMAN wants housework by the day. Call
at 780 Chestnut st.
Woman wishes a situation to do light house-
work or ehamberwork in a lodging-house.
Call at i". Prospect place, between Stockton
and Powell sts.. near Sacramento.
REFINED young lady who Is good penman
.1- sires situation; clerkship or In office where
penmanship Is used; K"o.l references. Apply
26 Turk St., Park Hotel.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation as
cook: hotel or boarding-house; a good baker.
Box _*, Call office.
DRESSMAKER from the Bast; first-class cut-
ter an. fitter; go out by the day and make
huh In one day. 1217 Polk st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work In private
family; wages, $20; reference. Call 811 Folsom.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work of any
kind by the day. Apply 1061 Mission st.
LADY would like position as lady's compan-
ion or would assist in light housework In ex-
change for pleasant home where there are no
small children; references (Changed, Box 354
Call office
GERMAN woman goes out by the day. Call
at 061 Howard st.
COMPETENT Norwegian woman, with boy 6
years, wishes position as cook or houses
country preferred. 26 Natoma st.
WANTED By an experienced nurse, entire
charge of an Infant or will take care of
grown children; best of city reference vi
dress IS3I Pine st.
WANTED—Hy a lady of business ability, fluent
talker, pleasing appearance, position as trav-
eling saleslady. Address box 831, Call office.
YOUNG »fitl to take care of baby. 333tf Eigh-
teenth st.
RELIABLE girl wants housework; wages fiT 50;
no lection to ahort distance In country
: : i Fifth st. i
GERMAN woman wants situation for genera]
housework In a small faintly; city or coun-
try. 257 Stevenson st,
WELL-EDUCATED French woman desires sec-
ond work or light housework In a family or
■ with a lady Interested in the study of the
French language. Address box 356, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
hoUsecleaning or any kind ?of work Apply
1875 Mission st., bet. 14th and 15th.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to assist In light
housework; wages $12. Call Monday at 16
Byington aye.. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell and
webster and Fillmore »ttj.
YOUNG widow would like a position as house-
keeper; wages no object. Box 882, Call.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper; all-
around French, English, Hungarian style; all
pastry; city or country hotel; reference. Ap-
ply 242 Natoma St.. In basement.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation; gen-
eral housework; a good cook; kind to chil-
dren: city or country; no postal 'cards. 10
Stockton place, off Grant aye.
GERMAN WOMAN, competent cook, wants
situation in American family; no washing;
best c*f references; city or country. Box 757
Call offifice.
WANTED— By young lady, situation as kinder-
garten governess or companion; French and
music; experienced; trustworthy; has trav-
eled; references exchanged, MISS l 1061
Alice St.. Oakland.
THOROUGHLY reliable woman would like care
of house during owner's absence, or else care
of aged couple or invalid; best references.
Box 256, Call office.
ELDERLY lady wishes a house to care for
during absence of owner or would go as
companion. Address box 2, 607 Post St.
LADY teacher desires a position of trust. Box
9. 'all office. , , . .
SITUATION as housekeeper or take charge of
an Institution by a middle-aged lady; refer-
ences. 3335 Twenty-fourth St.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dresslng. Apply room 400, Examiner bldg. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
. ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
an! baggage to and from terry ■ '■ ■
wasted-male.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 58..
JAPANESE employ mt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st. ; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell st.: tel. East 424.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wants situa-
tion: first-class salesman and order clerk; ref-
rences. Box $24. Call office.
SITUATION wanted; first-class plumber and
KHSfitter. Box 829. Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED — Con tinned.
GENTLEMAN would like a position as night
clerk in a hotel or lodging-house; can furnisn
tint -class refernces. Box 825, Call_ofnce.
WANTED— Position as watchman, janitor or
any position of trust by strictly reliable,
temperate man ; best references. Box 350, call.
GARDENER, middle-aged; horses, etc.; moder-
ate wages; Mrst-Wass city references. Gar-
dener, box 704. Call office.
WILL- give $50 to any one getting me a posi-
tion: oiler or electrician; transpacific or coast
steamer; gilt-edge references. Box 832, Call.
POSITION by young man taking care of horses;
good driver, gardener and milker: handy with
tools; good references. Box 349, Call office.
SOBER and industrious hotel waiter desires
steady position. Inquire H. KIEL, New
Gi lden Gate Hotel, 134 Fourth St.
WANTED— Situation by a laundryman and all-
around summer resort man; best of reference.
Address I Jox 153, Call office.
Position wanted with thoroughbred horses;
strictly sober; good hand and rider. Box 156,
• all office.
GARDENER, middle-aged; horses, etc.; moder-
ate wages: first-class city references. Gar-
dener, box 704, Call office.
FRENCH cook for a private family; best ref-
erence. Box 873, Call.
YOUTH, IS years, would like to learn the
machinist trude. Address 2242 Howard St.,
corner Nineteenth.
A PHYSICIAN would like to travel for a drug
or instrument house or position In the city;
reference. Address box 258, Call.
MALE nurse fmlddle-aged) open for engage-
ments. Addresß box 887, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS young masseur wants position
at springs. Address box 133, Call office.
YOUNG man, 20 years, wants any work; has
taught school; understands bookkeeping,
drawing, German thoroughly: -ood mathe-
matician, penman; small wages; found ac-
cepted as part payment. Box 652. Call.
FIRST-CLASS young massageur wants posl-
tlon at springs. Address box 133, Call office.
STATIONARY Engineer, age 34, wants posi-
tion; can do all repairing; has knowledge of
electricity; temperate habits: good referen-
ences; moderate salary; interview solicited
J. B. H.. 4834 Twenty-fifth et.
RELIABLE man wants work as night-watch-
man or Janitor; good reference. Address 1206
Powell st-
BAKER foreman, first-class on bread and
cakes, steady and reliable, wants work as
BUch; references given. Address M G box
4541, Call office, Oakland.
JAPANESE good cook wants position in coun-
ti-y. S. 1.. J. Y. M. C. A.. 121 Haight st.
SITUATION wanted by trustworthy. temp«rat.>
man 10 take care of horsea, cow, garden,
lawns; very handy; good references; city or
country. Box 426, Call office.
TWO men and woman, experienced cooks and
waiter, desire charge ,of mining, milling,
logging or railroad camp. J. J. DWYER 223
Fourth st., room 10.
FRENCHMAN, with the best recommenda-
tions, wishes small situation In a private
family. Apply to BERNARD & DEGER ?14
Sutter st.
YOUNG man, 25 years old, will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendation:;; $1000
bond given; city nr country. Address 7238,
Call office.
GENTLEMAN having his own horse and buggy
desires position as collector for responsible
firm; references given and bonds furnished.
Bn X 131. Call.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
S WAITRESSES. $20 each; chambermaid and
waitress, $20; 12 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $25; 6 y>ung girls, city, $20
un.l $2i>; 6 young Kirls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 3:5 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, assist, $10 to 51C. MISS CuZ^
LEN, 3L'a Butter st.
NEAT girl light second work, $10; hotel, coun-
try; fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
RANCH COOk, *25. MISS CULLEN, 82S Sut-
ter st.
S K A M STRESS, $25 per month; 10 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $25 per month;
6 young girls, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
"C. R. HANSBN & CO Phone Grant 188"
10 waitresses for springs and water resorts,
HO; 11! waitresses for country commercial ho-
tels, $20; 3 waitresses, oity, $20; 4 chamber-
maids, to wult, $20: 2 waitress. *s. same place,
.'..untry. $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
1 leary st.
E GERMAN and 7 Swedish house girls, $25: 20
Klrls of all nationalities for housework. $20;
and many young girls to assist. $15 to
JL'ii; woman fur day work, $15 month, part
time vach day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
WANTj_l>— A flrst-claes cook for country, no
washing, $3u to $35. see lady in city; laundress
f> -r country family work, $25; French nurs>',
$25; German nurse, $-'.'; 2 waitresses for coun-
try hotel, nice place, straight watting, $:'";
waitress and laundress, sanir- hotel, country,
waitress, country restaurant, SL'O; neat girl,
•;.il housework, country, X In family. $33;
10 kIHs for German style cooking. $2>i and $25;
1G young Kins, }]:' and $r>; neat girl for cook
and fc.jiui- housework, Alameda., J25. Apply
to J. F CROSBTT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
V. V.NTED A first -class Scandinavian or <i~r-
man cook for short distance In country; WJ:
references required. See J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. U6 Butter st.
RANCH cook, t->: waitress, country hotel. $20.
MURRAY A READY. BM and C 36 Clay st.
COOK, W0; houseglrl, OS; second girl, Menlo
Park, $1.".; nurseglrl, $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
WOMAN to wash dishes, $15; houseglrl, two In
fumlly, $20; young girl to assist, $12; nurse-
girl, $20; middle-aged woman, country, fare
paid, 115; two COOKS, $25 each. MRS. NOR-
T< >N, 313 Butter st.
X FOUNG girls for housework; 2 first-class
waitresses for Berkeley, wages $25; a number
"' young «lrls to assist, wages $15. MISS
DILLON, :!15 Sutter st. : telephone Main $04.
2." YOUNG glrlw for housework: waitresses for
hotels; waitresses for restaurants; young girl
to take care of baby; young girls to assist.
MISS DILLON, Sl5 Sutter; phone Main 804.
WANT 11 young girl for bakery. Call In store
at 331 Sixth st.
K.\ PKUIKXi El> hand buttonhole makers and
finishers on shirts at GREHNEBAUM. WEIL
_ MICHELS, 531 Mission st.
<;o(,ii home for food respectable girl 14 or IE
years old with man, wife and baby for her
help in general housework. 65 Thirty-fourth
st., Mission nxid.
FIRST-CLASS < oat finisher; must make fine
buttonholes; good pay. 411% Kearny. top floor.
YOUNG girl to mind child. Apply to-day and
to-morrow, 1303 Webster St., cor. O'Farrell.
YOUNG girl apprentice for dressmaking and
nsslst with housework. 1595 Market St.
YOUNG woman for general housework. 410
Clayton t<t.. near Golden Gate Park.
TATLORESS; come early. Lyon St., bet. Lom-
burd and Greenwich, front of Presidio.
WANTED— German girl for general housework.
KHB Sutter st.
LITTLE girl for light housework; wages $5.
BM Minna st., off Tenth.
ATTRACTIVE neat young lady, under 23, as
oashler in prominent restaurant: state full
particulars, aire, references, etc. Box 348,
Call. "
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. SSS How-
ard St.. over handball court.
HELP wanted; dressmaking. S2". Franklin st.
YOUNG girl to act as saleslady in small bak-
ery. 613 Post st. _______________
DRESSMAKING— First-class walsthand want-
ed. 523 Sutter st.
GIRL for Jewish family; good cook and do gen-
eral housework. 581 Baker st.
EXPERIENCED apprentices on custom coats.
'->i; 7 Market Ft., room 623.
\\ ANTED— A middle-aged woman to do house-
work. 150 Minna st.
WANTED — A finisher on custom coats; steady
work. 40 Ellis St.. room 52.
YOUNG lady wanted for bakery; living In Mis-
sion preferred; no Sunday work; must have
experience and good reference. 2129 Mission.
WANTED— Waitress. 406 Ellis st.
LADY agents wanted; city and suburbs. Call
at fi76 Castro st.. between " and 6 p. m.
WANTED— lndependent middle-aged German
woman for light housework and plain cook-
Ing; good home; easy place. 105 Grove St.
(JIRL 10 to 15 for light housework; ?.', to $8 ~46
Waller st.
AI PUPILS for select millinery school: trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work: satisfaction
guaranteed; terms easy. f>o6 Leavenworth st.,
GIRL for general housework in small family-
no children; must speak German, .wages $12'
1432 O'Farrell st.
GIRL foV housework and plain cooking! 1444
O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Tailoress on fine custom coats! 425
Natoma st.
WANTED-^Girl to do general housework. 731
Green St.. near Mason.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant outfit, complete, lor
sale cheap. Call to-day at 854 Mission st.
2 GIRLS to learn hairdressing and manicuring"
240 Stockton St.. near Post.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
tit « ivnrrwwfddle-aged Scotch or English
\^ana7 Plain co B ok on a ranch; wages $15
ncr month - P good home for the right party.
. t and Teleg-rap^avj^OaKlano^
GLESOX I CO.. 685 Market at
vvavtfd— A. woman to learn marking. Sun
Laundr?, Nineteenth st. and Telegraph aye.,
Oakland. ! —
PEASANT sunny rooms; day _ or week: re-
spectable; moderate rate, 19. Bevenm mv. _
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEV I STRAUSS ,V CO- a*.'? ?remont ■ i.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
LAUNDRYMAN ; $20' muU W* e V™i£Js* 'S^'
milk 2 cows. MISS CJ L.LEN. ■■- butter st.
"Esssi lagfeysSjffiSi
26 milkers, different Jobs, $30, 125 and $- M
si" farn^orohard'and'vlneyard hands, 'differ:
ent jobs, $26, $25 and $20 and f0und. ..... ■■■■
6 choremen, different ranches, $20 and pa
and found; 4 choreboys, different ranches, $10
and $8 and found ■•••;,• V-V
FRUIT PICKERS •
20 men to pick all classes of fruit, $20 and
found; 125 woodchoppers, different jobs, *-,
II 50 and $1 cord; 165 tiemakers, So, 9c, lie and
120 each
13 gold and coal miners
IN SAN FRANCISCO .........•••
86 laborers and teamsters ?1 "> °- a y
Painter, city Job Carpenter for a ranch
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
RAILROAD WORK RAILROAD WORK
186 laborers .'...52 50, $2 and $1 86 day
274 2 and 4 horse teamsters.. sl 85 and $1 75 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
BLACKSMITHS and Horseshoers
18 blacksmiths and horseshoers for shops,
ranches, camps, etc., $2 50, $2 25 and $2 day,
• and $40 per month and found, city and coun-
try Jobs; 4 blacksmiths' helpers, $32 50 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
STABLEMEN.... Hostlers ....Buggy Washers
12. men for different stables, $35, $30 and $25
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
FARE PAID FARE PAID
To-day 15 men To-day
Anybody can do this work around a sawmill;
wages from $20 per month and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HALF FARE PAID HALF FARE PAID
10 common laborers to work for a large saw-
mill syndicate, $26 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st
BAKERS COOKS WAITERS
Baker, country shop $40 and found
Third baker, city job $20 and .found
14 cooks, different jobs, $40, $30 and $25 and
found; 6 waiters, different Jobs, $30 $25 and
$20 and found; 4 second cooks, different Jobs
$40, $25 and $20 and found; 5 kitchen hands
and dishwashers, $30, $25 and $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A
200 men wanted "I!""]
teamsters, 4 horses, coast road $2
teamsters, 2 horses, coast road $1 75
laborers, coast road $173
All for the coast railroad and free fare; we
ship daily; office fee for above job $1; free
fare.
Work for all
_ C _ HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
26 TWO-HORSE teamsters, $25 and found; 10
tunnelmen and tunnel laborers, 20c to 25c an
hour; long job. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
BLACKSMITHS
For city and country shops and ranches, $3
a. day and $2 25 a day. both see boss here;
2. $40 and found; horseshoer, city, stage com-
pany, $60; country, $10 a week and found; 2
helpers, $30 and found, see boss here.
Foreman for box factory-Machinist country
Bicycle repairer; 2 timber fellers, $40 and
found, see boss here; landing man, $ 5- tie-
makers, 7xBxB. see boss here, 12c; choreman
institution, $20, ranch $15; groom, city, $20
30 farmers, different counties. $1 a day $25
and found and $20 and found, and others
HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS ..... .
Chef, $100; head waiter, summer resort $60
and found.
$35 S "' Sht camp cook, $35; railroad camp cook,
Walter, Nevada, $35; German waiter, coun-
try $20, city $25; pantry boy, $10; cook and
wife, small resort, $30 and found; cook 10
men. $17; beer tapper, $20 and found; etarcher
$1-' a week; polisher, country. $35 and found
and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO 101
Geary st.
WANTED— Gardener. $30 and found; 2 camp
blacksmiths, $60; wagon . blacksmith, $2 50
day; 8 jobbing blacksmiths and liners, $40 and
found and $2 day and found; 20 tunnel men
10 to 25 cents an hour; 2 timber fellers. $40
and board; butter and cheesemakers $35- 2
choppers, $30 and board: carriage painters.
$2 60 day and $40 and board ; woodchoppers, fee
to $1 35 cord, tools and provisions advanced-
farmers, milkers and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— nlg-ht cooks, country. $3" and $40:
2 waiters, country hotel, $30; restaurant see-^
ond cook, $35 to $40; French first and second
cooks, $90; and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Ten men to drive teams, $2 a day
and fare paid: good place. Apply early, J
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento et.
WANTED
Stableman for country Stables, $35 per month
and found
10 woodsmen $26 to $40 and board
Farmers ; $26
Milkers .'s2s
5 teamsters for city $1 60 per day
3 laborers $1 60 per day
Third hand baker $20 and found
Driver for grocery wagon in city, $20 and
found; driver for milk' route In city, $45 and
room; cooks, waiters and "others; 5 farm hands
near city, $20 and free fare; 2 ranch teamsters,
$26. W. D, EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing at 440 Devlsadero
street.
WANTED— A boy. age 16 to 20, to learn grocery
trade. J. PETERS, 500 Shotwell st.
WANTED— Young man with experience as
stenographer and bill clerk; salary to be^in
$25; chance for advancement. Box 836, Call.
FIRST-CLASS painters at 463 Geary st., be-
tween Mason and Taylor.
PANTS pressman wanted at S. N. WOOD &
CO.'S, corner Powell and Eddy sts.
WAITER wanted at 106 Second st.
WANTED— A boy to fold towels at Lick Laun-
dry, 9 Lick place.
GOOD painter wanted at 1403 Polk st.
WANTED — Neat young man, German, for
lunch counter. 1063 Market st.
GOOD waiter or waitress. Apply between 6 and
9 p. m.. at 789 Mission st.
WANTED— Paper hanger. Call before 7:30, 1129 I
Mission st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 26 Turk st.
BOY to do janitor work for his tuition at S F
Barber College. 13S>4 Eighth st. "
WANTED— for crockery store; light work"-
-$3 a week. Box 8348, Call office.
WANTED— Good tailor for busheling at K25
Commercial st. •
BOOTBLACK in barber shop; wages $5 ncr
week; steady. 544 Clay st.
WANTED— hand cake baker. SSI Haves
street.
WANTED— Errand boy between 13 and 17 years
of age; wages $2 50 per week. Address box 833
Call utfice.
WANTED— A plumber and helper at ."14 Polk
street.
WANTED-Brlght boy about 17 as office as-
sistant. Address, stating age. references and
salary expected, box 156. Call office.
BARBER, wanted to buy shop at 427 San Pablo
aye.. Oakland; cheap if sold to-day.
WANTED-Steady. reliable man to assist gen-
erally In light cash business; must be satis-
fied with $16 a week and have $150 cash.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who ar* citizens of the United States,
or those who nave legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 inch in height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
tice, 40 Bills St.. San Francisco. Cal.
SALESMEN— S4OO a month and all expenses
guaranteed selling to merchants Arctic Re-
frigerating Machine for cooling refrigerators;
guaranteed 75 per cent cheaper than ice: ex-
clusive territory assigned. Arctic Refrlgerat- !
Ing Co., Cincinnati. Ohio. I
RAILROAD teamsters. $1 75 and $1 90 per day.
at Pinole; tunnelmen, $175. $2 ana $2 50 per
day, at Point Richmond: 3 blacksmiths at
Elmhurst: 1 ■ carriage paluter for Elmhurst.
K. B. STONE. Elmhurst. *
MEN wanted-^Our catalogue explains how we
teach the barber trade in 8 weeks: mailed
free; write at once. MOLER'S Barber Col-
iege, 635 Clay st.
CAPABLE man to represent us as general
agent; $100 month and expenses. Address,
with references, TONTINE SAVINGS AND
INVESTMENT CO.. LTD., Chicago.
WANTED— Lady and gentlemen. agents (Cath-
olic); we have an article that sells in every
Catholic family. C. F. ADAMS & CO., 1232
Broadway. Oakland. ■
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates, 25e to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
SEATTLE House. 106'j, Third St.; 25c to 50c
day; $1 25 to $2 50 week; light housekeeping
allowed
HELP WANTED-Conttnued.
E House> 32 m> bet - T 2 y^ r
to SI n£ I, S -' I* 15 week or mo.; rates, 25c
.I*: Sf h roc. r rn dUCU ° n t 0 *> erlnanent «*«"- v
Fftelo $T e p pcn cr t wk°T^ P^ ™™ : , IOC P«
_ L __^_»^j)er »k. lk, ew Montgomery.
60l y< 5« MSsSsV 801^ ""to wmlttafc 3Scto"
ween Ist and 2d sts.
T nea r !y th newT ct f k 00 ]; :iir 7~men3s~6hoes. some
slightly damaceTi,,if to $i 50: new shoes.
bet. Ist and ?d st. . ' Pr '°- e - 552 Mls *i°n st
200 MEN wartf.i 72 ~ ■
House. 614 Howard ooTv,^7 Adelaide"
, lOC A. nlghgi &-££.
"«%a in "-.ty: 'Ce^
House." 861 15c to 6<te nteht- ,;' B ™"<*
in reading room. Bhti a! 1 dally Papers
rOXTNG men : n -union* tn* . — — ' ■ ■
PENSIONS— J. H
_ — -
BARBERS' Progressive Union- tr». , ~"
m't. H. Bernard, sec, %ULj^£fiSß.
150 MEN to take best single room. l> night- it
week: "France House." 149 id st an" ..A' ,"
land House," 664U Howagjg^.a^ roo^
WANTED-Sailors for Hawaiian islands.-: Mai
ntla. Mexico and Alaska. W. LAMP 'chir.
ping Agent. 604-506 Davis st t~v *"
WANTED— and mechanics to '-Ti^
that FT Rolkjn. Reno House nroDrietnr - «hTi
runs Denver House. 217 Third Bt.al3o l'larsri
rooms: 23c per night: $1 to 12 per weefc
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st/.^r^T"
ket; 700 rooms, -5c night: readinpr room trea
'bus and baggage to and from the f«rr'y.
HOBSON House, 417 Xc -ny— Rooms trora!2so
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month"
Lindell House, Sixth and Howard Eta. "^ N
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75.'
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 863% Marke: 3
WANTED— collect wages due laborer and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter it.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
~ AGENTS WANTED.
CARBIDE gas machines, $5; agents wanted
everywhere: big commissions. BUCKLAND
& SON, San Francisco.
WANTED— Lady or gentleman well acquainted
who can sell stock in a first-class mine; divi-
dends assured. Address 8., box 340, Call.
EXPERIENCED agents; good pay; choice ter-
ritory; new thing on the coast; references
required. Address box 152. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— I unfurnished good-sized sunny
room for 1 gentleman in strictly private fam-
ily; rent not to exceed $6.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— safe, not less than 4 cubio
feet inside; full particulars. Box 612, Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selline good upright pianos for $•
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are th«
tame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, ft and
$5 per month. SHELMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way. Oakland. /
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest nous. %
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5;
rented at $2 60 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Music box, perfect condition; 18
tunes: 1 year's guarantee. Call or address
519 Golden Gate aye.
GOOD piano for practice, $50; an elegant new
one, $197 50. Dewing Warerooms, second floor.
Flood building.
A NEW Chiekering- and 3 Steinways. KeefTe's,
1019 Van Ness, nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 706.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed en sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
IT A DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 30S to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms, 1710 Market.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, 1
16 paces. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. A
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counter?,
linoleum, offlflce furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.»
above Sixth.
BEAUTIFUL smooth-case, small size gent's 14-
-karat gold watch for $30; worth $60. UNCLH
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
NATIONAL cash register and fire and burglar
proof safe for sale cheap. 42 Main st.
RUNT pig-eons, 20 pairs, sale or exchange;
make offer. A. CRISS. 1224 Magnolia. Oaklnd.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. Cl 6 Mission st.
BARGAIN— B H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN. 648 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 119 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THQ
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— horsepower, $100; 2, $125;
8. $160; $4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only). $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 933 Mitt.
FES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
si:\vim; MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re- i^^
pairing at lowest rates 205 Fourth at.
DENTISTS.
DR T. S. HIGGINS 1 Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bids., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5 We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent — See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber: crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $•".: crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c: a! 2
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bid*., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth.
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$;! 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sunday. 9to t
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
fur secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
6 PER Money to loan in any amount on
San Francisco improved or unimproved real
estate: a limited sum to loan on farm prop-
erty. W. G. TAFFINDER, room 600, Safe
Deposit building. ' ■ ' ; ; '
VAN • VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
A FULL set of teeth. $3; teeth witout plates a *m
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason st.. corner Market.
OHIO Dental Parlors*— Filling. 50c up; crowns
$3 up; open ev'gs. S5O Market, cor. Stockton'
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarantd. N. Y. Dentist; 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H G.
, YOUNG. 1841 Polk Bt. """■**■•BUSINESS CHANCES.
A COAL and wood yard doing a splendid busi-
ness; S horses. 2 wagons; of Hoe. coal sheds
barn. including lot 25x137: very best location;
/Particulars R. G. WILKE,
9M Market st.
A--4320Q; OLD-ESTABLISHETi"a.na r "weri~payln X
saloon. Including 17 furnished rooms and
branch bakery; rent $34; lease; kept by own-
ers years; a bargain. R. G. WILKE, 506
Market st.
A— Jl25O; SALOON, doins ;i splendid paying
business: established for years; close to Mar-
Ket and Fifth sts; a rood bargain Investigate
at or.cc; no better location in the city. R.
: O.\wl_K_, !>O6 Market st.
A— ssoo: WELL-STOCKED bar in public "pleas-
-ire grounds; no night work; no tree lunch;
monthly receipts $6'X): rent $40; lease. Partl-
„__!______ G WILKE. 906 Market st.
A-$22."0; CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
st. ;■ established many years; doing first-class
Paying business; living rooms; dally receipts,
wo; laic- stock; lease: a genuine good chance.
__«_■;  WILKE, 906 Market St.
A— s2so; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms; choicest location in the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE, rm. S, 906 Market.
T 9 »eil your business promptly for cash apply
HEALY & HIMMEL, SIT Market St.
$250— HOME bakery and lunch room; make
■r, offer. a n_ ALT , v HIMMEL, 917 Market st.
$600— OLD established beer bottling business;
complete; first-class trade; will sell half In-
■ terest for $300. JONES £• CO.. 565 Market.
RESTAURANT; French range; extension ta-
bles; good trade; bargain; Investigate. COW-
ING. 395 Market.
$250— OYSTER and chap ~~hou*eT receipts" Hf\
rent $23. National Agency. 7.\3M. Maxket st.
$350— ESTABLISHED wood. coal, hay, grain
and cxnress business, with building and
lease; ground rent only $8; a most prominent
corner on Mission street; a splendid opening
-or one or two men; sale on account of death.
Apply to agent, P. A. DOO—AN, 40 M.onl£uu»-
ery at., room 7.
_^ !3CO— SALOON, boarding and lodging housa;
~^ bargain; her business cans* of sale. Mo-
LAUOHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$150— PARTNER in light business; $1S to $23 a
week; bo experience required: must be relia-
ble. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
PARTIES having a business of. any kind or
city or country real estate to sell or exchange
should apply to National Agency. 7SH 1 * Markt.
$1500 WILL purchase Interest In business that
we guarantee to pay $300 a month dividends;
personal interview for particulars Box 522,
Call office.
WELL-FITTED up saloon and restaurant; long
established; good business; owner retiring;
lease of house and ground If desired. Apply
Call office.
FOR sale— Bargain; stationery, news agency,
cigars and school supplies: cheap rent; make
offer; no agents. Appfy li:-" Polk st.
$50 BUYS grocery and bar; rent, with two liv-
ing rooms, $3 month. Inquiry 2ii Zoe St., bet.
Third and Fourth, off Bryant.
FOR sale — A first-class l-chalr barber shop; old
established plaoe; price $400. L. L., box
818, Call office; no agents.
SALOON with 4 rooms cheap; low rent; on ac-
count dissolving partnership. 833 Howard st.
GROCERY and bar for sale; reasonable terms,
254 Jessie St.. bet. Third and Fourth.
HAVE $200 to $500 and services to Invest. What
have you? Box S3O, Call office.
CAPITALISTS wanted to take an Interest in a
rich California gravel mlna (drift I *, 141 mile-
from city. Those meaning business can nd-
dreas, with reference, M. ii., room 11, 63 1 !
Market st.
A GOOD opportunity for party with some capi-
tal to take charge, or will sell business con-
trolling best selling articles In the market
Call and Investigate, 20 McAllister st.
A A PARTY with $3000 to $6MO can secure interest
~^ in business that will pay 300 per cent profit on
investmer_; particulars only at personal in-
terview. Box 620, Call office.
55500 — FINE hotel property; Alameda County; 8 ,
daily trains; must sell, reason sickness; a
splendid opportunity: Investigation solicited.
ALP ' CO.. 002 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR pale at a bargain: well established coal
business, In Western Addition; teams, stock,
etc.; fine opportunity. 2412 California st.
SALOON for sale; good paying business In
good business quarter. Inquire 72:« Montgom-
ery St.. room 9.
SEE BASILE, 573« Market st. to buy or sell
your business; lodging houses n - 'laity.
$4'»-PARTNER wanted in printing business;
a good opportunity. Hut IM, Call office.
BARBER shop, running: 2 chairs, for sale !
iheap. Inquire 104 Seventh st.
SIRST-CLABS restaurant outfit, complete, for
Fale cheap. Call to-day at 854 Mission st.
SHOE shop that will clear $90 per month; good
;>rlccs; low rent; must sell. 332 bust st.
$300 — SALOON; low rent; good place. Inquire
117 Battery St.; wholesale house.
ONE of the beßt restaurants for sale. Apply
1806 Haight St.
CORNER store and bar for sale. Auply at
Cal! office.
WELL established custom tailoring business
Inquire at ZIEGLEH BROS.'. .'27 Montgom-
ery st.
CARPENTER shop and 3 rooms; rent $6 50.
1725 Market st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
XW. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
\ ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
16 ROoIIiTT^NE-^CmNER^
NEW ELEGANT FURNITURE.
COST ■■■ PRICE, $800.
14 rooms; on O'Farrell st %%i)
37-room houee; large yard: downtown. 400
15 rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
14-rocm use on Van Ness aye 330
C4-room house; clears $300; payments 3000
M-room house: clears $300 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. sth.
10- ROOM house; 5 minutes' walk from Call j
c.ftiee: {450. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO..* »4 GEARY ST.
FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
$1500—34 rooms, Post st., corner; also IS, 16,
■2 and 10 rooms on Post st.
— 12 rooms, equal to 20 rooms; 3 rooms
pay rent; clears $75 per month.
$600 — 2$ rooms, near Market st. guaranteed
to clear $71 per month.
LODGING houses; 20, 30, 40. SO rooms: cen-
trally located; bargains. ELSTER & THOMP-
SON. 2M Post st.
$2000— 4" ROOMS, new furniture, clears $1M pet-
month; 72 rooms; IS rooms; 30 rooms; 12
rooms; great bargains; lodging houses sold
and exchanged; money loaned at 2 per cent. i
EITEL & CO., 1016 Market st.
$200 — LODGING house of 15 rooms, near New
Montgomery and Second sts.. at a sacrifice.
HEA L V A- HIM MEL. 917 Market Bt.
$4tC— LODGING house. 21 rooms; piano Included. !
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
WANTED— for 7. 9. 10. 12 and ;vroum
houses at SPECK & CO.'S. 6C7 Market st.
$3000— NOTION. Ice cream, cigar store, billiards.
paper route, all large laundry route short
distance from city. Box 877, Call office.
THIRD. 233^ — Lodging house of 11 rooms for
l Mile cheap.
*I/ODaiNO-HOUSE of 9 rooms for sale: in good
condition; cheap. 271 Minna ex.
__^ — — — — — — — ________
FI'RNITURE FOR SALE!
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1810 Stockton st. ;
4 ROOMS furnish In oak for $48 60. with No.
■ 7 range King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market. :
HORSES.
HORSES for sale; 20 Altur.a, ranging 5 and 6
years old: 15 Nutwood, fame ages; weigh-
ing 1060 to 1175, and one Napa Wllkes. dam
Black Davis by Evan Davis record 2:28; |
stock at saleyai I corner of Silver iv» and )
Ran Bruno road. I. L. SOLOMON.
FOR sale— 4o horses and mules at old Turk-st.
car stables. 1301 Turk st.
4C HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
I*7 Sixth «t.; auction gales every Wednesday.
BULLTVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HO a horses, carriage and draught teams: all
kind!- of business horses for sale. CHASE it '■
MENDENHALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market »t. I
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
1 WAGON, vegetable delivery or express; 2-man
Fraser speed cart; business or read buggy.
Rood as new. 1619 Market st.
FINK laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
«!e«; 2 extra fine delivery wag. ?25 Harrison. |
Id SKTS Kpcnnd-han<l harnei-.s; w«cnn«, cart«. !
bi.TK'.e«. «urrey« and horses. 1140 Folsom «t. i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; It '.'.'. Kins, attorney at law 7
sixth floor, Chronl'-le bull.! ire; no advance ;
, charges; estates, mort_a_i:*, Jamages, at-
V tachmon'.s, bankruptcy, nil <-asrs: wills, con-
JaY tracts, etc., drawn; mv.i. fe<»fi| call or write. ,
ADVICE free; divorce law ;i specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor, Stocktn.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 627
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance. ;
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. g27 Market St.
\ PERSONALS.
] WILL lady who was on Sutter-at. car on Feb-
-1 ruary 3. 1599, and saw boy run over by car
between Devtsadero and Broderick sts. please
call at 1418 Lyon street?
LEDERER is the popular hairdresser; only the
| latest coiffures; 25c hair rolls tor 1 ! "- an 1 20c;
I the largest from ear to ear, only 30c. G.
_LEDERER, 12:: Stockton st.
LEDERER Qulntonica is wonderfully strength-
ening to the hair, 35c bot; Foaino Shampoo,
5c pksr. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton .-i.
WHITEWASHING machine or brush work; 10
per cent saved by sending orders 632 Market
st., room 11; machine for sale or rent.
1000 ENVELOPES, bill heads, cards, note heads
or statements printed, $1 50; < ash with order.
BLEY, 511 Sacramento st. ; tel. Main 1536.
NOTICE is hereby given that YEE SACK,
sometimes called U. YATCH, is no longer a
member of the firm of QUONG CHONG
SHING & CO and is not authorized to act for
said firm in any manner. QUONQ CHONG
SHIN'-. & CO.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mou.' remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladies are never tailing and safe, rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
! sy Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy in the world: Imported from Paris; take
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine ; in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.! drug-
gists, 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO..
druggists, NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
■ JOHN L BOONK, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 gutter st., Law a Specialty.
Ban Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular.- Patents Solicited.
I ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Bt.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week:
free 'but and baggage to and from the ferry.
1 COMPLETE line ladies' talk>r-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cioak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton at.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
fe-euns and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero
St., near Twenty-fifth; Guerrero-st. cars.
JOSEPH UREVEN'S terms for singing lessuns:
Classes. $2. $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 (1 weekly; $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.); $20 (4 w.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
U. Z. BUBAKI _ CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 4SS Halght.
T, BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
HUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI, 313 Butter st.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 987. JACOBS 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Baiiaome st.
SUITS to order. $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO.. ISI4 Market st. ; open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOB. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Mb.
WANTED— OId pold and Filver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no Injec-
tion; guarntd. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine. ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds '• 50; bedrm sets $8: bed lounges
$4 ,-"■ »p?n evo's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
DRESSMAKERS.
PLAIN skirts, II; plain sewing; bindings put
on Rklrts, "He. 1007 Larkln St., room 1.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up; dresses made
.-.■■ perfect fit. .1 Eddy MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton Bt.
MRS. HARLAND'B circle to-day. 2 p. m. also
S p. m.: tests; articles read; lOr. 120 Sixth.
i MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle I -night,
10c. ti()s McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
i C. V. MILLER'S materializing; trumpet seance,
S p. m., 23c- 409 Leavenworth Ft.
MRS. VIOARS' test meeting to-night, MS Sixth
nt. T room 6, first floor; sittings dally.
MRS. S. SIEP, psychometrlst; 11 to 5; 50c;
circles evenings except Sat., 10c. 1724 Market-
MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent »late
writing medium. lIS Halglit st. '
MRS ELLIS, tests to all) Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. t) ?sc; sittings. $1 233 Valencia st.
MRS B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at lIS O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 1023 Vi MARKET STREET.
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove in- '
! fluence, bad habits: will give correct informa- i
tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces, ab-
sent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stump for circular, with special
terms,
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023% Market street. San Francisco.
: MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second !
eight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la-
dles, 50c; gents, $1; Bit.. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
YOUR fortune told by cards: ladles. 25c; gents,
60c. 326 Larkln. cor. Golden Gate, room 6;
l— moved from 1033 Mission St., downstairs.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny st., r. 34; French and English ken.
MME. LENEMAR tells by planets: predicted
reccue passangers str. Gold. '74. 34 Sixth fit.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader. 10c; ladles only. ;
C 43 Natoma St., between Sixth and Seventh.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards, !
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth at., rooms 2-3. I
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader; |
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, r. 12. ;
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant j
and palmist. 120 Ellis st.. parlors 6 and 7.
MRS L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market St., room 2.
Mis:- GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
netist, 207 Powell St., rooms 5 and 6.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary st., rooms 1 and 2. .
MISS A. L CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MISS BAY, returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post Et., room t. I
Ml RTLE POTTER— Celebrated card reader
from New York City. SC5'4 Market, Parlor 12.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay: 2Ee.
MME ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrlst; parlors 2 and 3, 895 Market St.
MISS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
ing. 17 Grant aye., parlor 6.
MME. MOREAU, the beet medium and card
reader; 2ac up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
; MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business"
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. BTBILLE. rradle to grn'-e; future hus-
hand's. picture. ?'<*: ladles *>1< O'Farrell st.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY — Serrano, recognized brightest '
astrologer in America: sketch of life and pros- '
pects, send date of birth, sex and 12c. PRO- !
FESSOR SERRANO. P. O. box 5238. Boston. i
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger.
main.. 616 'Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Kyde
2621; reading by mall. $1.
A— MM!: DUSHNELL. the famous palmist.
916 Bush St., between Taylor and Jones.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINKERING I Trid^nTnTng?"as^
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method. '
ELECTRICAL— and practice, cor i
■traction, mechanical drawing, mathematics !
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
BEAM'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post »t. |
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ; i
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, i
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teacliers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day.
even.; San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm- i
ing, mech. survey, assay, archt.; day & eve.;
est. 18<!4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING: the only place on the coast
to learn it practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR. 57? Parrott building.
INDIVIDUAL instruction evenings at AYRES*
Business College, 723 Market st. I
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, SOS Lai kin St., opp./Clty Hall.
LAW Schools, 827 Market. R. F., and 906 Broad- I
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence. 1
Ti__ »__in- _ ttAJN OxisVju uaijlj, TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES. I FLATS.
Post, nr. Leaven- 110% Turk; 7 r $50
worth: 12 r $75 610 Taylor; 9 r 45
1914 Clay; 12 r 75 1718 Page; 6 r 25
917 Geary; 10 r . 50 2928 California; 7 r.. 30
707 Ellis; 6 r 25, 9 Meacham pi.; 7 r.. 18
Furnished; 2209 Bu- I
chanan; 10 r 75! , ,
• A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
EDDY; House. 12 rooms, 560; upper flat, 8
rooms, $40; very central.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1915— S rooms, latest. $30.
Key drug store. Baker and McAllister sts.
GREENWICH. 902, XV, cor. of Taylor— One
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard: basement;
sunny side; rent J2,",. ■
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOW ELL,
10 Montgomery st. _
MINNA. 223%, between Fourth and Fifth—
House of 6 rooms in good order.
PERRY, 208— House 4 rooms, yard; rent $750
mo.; water free. Apply to UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st. _.
WASHINGTON, 1423— 0n car line; modern,
sunny house; 9 rooms and bath; rent reason-
able. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
$30— HOUSE of 9 rooms, late plumbing, large
yard. ISI9 Broadway. _____—_—»
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A RARE chance; an elegantly furnished mod-
ern residence, 8 rooms, bath; lovely
yards; close to San Mateo and Mission cars.
80 Valley St., between Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth Bts . rent $35.
POWELL, 617— Nicely furnished, sunny flat of
6 rooms and bath; rent $45. ______
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages 4 and 6 rooms, basement;
large yard; Hat, 6 'rooms, bath. 1876 15th st.
$9— NICE 3-room cottage. 3 Tay fit., off Clay,
bet. Powell an- Muß^n; rent reduced.
$15 AND $16-2 sunny cottages, 6 rooms each;
bath. Cor. Army St., near Valencia.
FLATS TO LET.
ANTONIO, 4, off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
Bunny modern flat, 5 rooms and bath.
CHELSEA place, off Bush, bet. Stockton and
Powell— N»\w 6- room, very sunny flat; bath.
CLaVtON, 871-874, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flats; 4 and 5 rooms: bath; cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOW ELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 6 sunny rooms; all modern improve-
ments. 2111 Larkin st.
FLAT of 6 rooms, $14; also cottage. 4 rooms, to
small family. 623 Second st.
HOWARD, 1806— Sunny double bay-window
flat, 6 rooms and bath; $15.
MODERN flat. 5 rooms, bath. £68 Bryant St.,
near Fourth^
NEWLY renovated flat; 4 rooms: rent $9. 23
Dearborn St., off 17th. above Valencia.
SACRAMENTO, 1226— Sunny flat of 5 rooms.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath; water free;
rent $15. 3Q14V4 Twenty-sixth St., near Florida.
SUNN! modern flat; 6 rooms, bath; yard; very
low; Panhandle; see It. 1227 Fell st.
UPPER Hut. i choice sunny rooms: pantry;
storeroom; Jl2. 2419 Clay St., near Flllmore.
UPPER flat, 829 Seventh St., near Howard; 4
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
UPPER flat; 4 rooms, bath; rent $10. 13V4
Ron place, off Sixteenth st.
■5* ROOMS and bath. i'Sl Harrison St., near
Sixth.
j $10— LOWER fiat of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st., oft Market, near Valencia.
IH-r-Upper corner flat; 6 rooms and bath.
Apply at grocery, corner Twenty-fourth and
Florida sts.
$14— FLAT, 5 nx>ms. 724 Harrison el., between
Third and Fourth.
$15 AND $16—6 sunny rooms each; baths; 1 cor-
ner. Army st., near Valencia.
Jlg-.NE'W flat; 5 rooms and bath; yard, cellar,
stables for 2 horses, 38 Sharon st., bet. Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth. Church and Sanchez.
$25— NEW 8-room corner Bat Twentieth st.,
near Castro.
$13— COZY sunny lower flat. 4 rooms; bath;
yard 22 Shotwel) st. .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH, 353— Sunny furnished double front room,
$7: also 3 connecting housekeeping rooms, $13.
FIFTEENTH, 2136, north of Market— Hand-
BOmely furnished sunny front parlor, bed-
room, kitchen; gas stove; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 1272— Bunny rooms In a private fam-
ily; nicely furnished; use of kitchen.
GEARY, 1917 $11; 3 comfortably furnished
i sunny rooms; bath, gas and coal stoves; every
convenience for adults.
GOLDEN GATE, 640— Corner suite, separate
kitchen; gun all day; also ingle.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping; ■
gas stove; use of telephone.
HARRISON, 676 — 3 nice sunny rooms complete
for housekeeping; parlor floor.
HOWARD, 640 — Choice sunny bay-window rms.;
also Bln_le; 26c, Too night; $1, $2 50 week. ■
: HOWARD. 649—2 large rooms with bath fur-
nished for housekeeping In quiet family.
1 HOWARD, 829— Rooms, single $1 week up; also
housekeeping; transient.
HOWARD, 1068- Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete; all conveniences; $1 25 per week up.
! HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas. bath, hot and cold water.
MINNA, 546 — or 3 rooms complete for house-
keeping.
O'FARRELL, Suite sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping.
: POST. £27. near Furnished housekeeping
suite: also single room; reasonable.
' POWELL. 143—3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
I hot and cold water bath attached.
j SECOND, 127—2 sunny hkp. rms. furnished,
I $1 50 per week; single rooms, $1 per week.
j SEVENTH, ITS— 2 sunny furnished suites for
housekeeping, $8 and $9; bath; respectable.
SIXTH, — Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
I single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
TEH IMA, 4T 1 -. near Sixth— sunny rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping, $11.
TENTH, 138, near Mission— Sunny housekeeping
rooms; also single..
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission— 2 large
furnished front connecting housekeeping
rooms, $10; also single.
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy st.
VAN NESS, 419— Sunny double parlor furnished
j or unfurnished; also housekeeping rooms.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $150 day. Ml 8. J. KING.
AT 18 Stockton st., "The Pup"— Nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen. •
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny corner suites and
single rooms; all conveniences; families and
gentlemen; tourists; elevator.
BUSH, 421, near Kearny — Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand, $1 up.
CARROLTON, 1208 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nlshed and unfurnished rooms and offices.
EDDY, 3, cor. Powell— Sunny furnished front
rooms from $1 75 to $3 60 per week.
ELLIS, 720- Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
! double, or .single; reasonable.
FIRST, 309, above 'Folsom— $8; upper part
of house, 3 rooms. in r ood order.
GEARY. I4A. opposite Claus Spreckels build-
lng— Front neatly furnished suite of rooms;
second floor.
GEARY, 622 near Jones— 2 large single nicely
furnished back rooms; run. water and gas.
GEARY, 736 (old No. 710), near Leavenworth—
Neatly furnished room, suitable for 2; 1 per-
son. $5; or 2, $G.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GUERRERO. 586, corner Eighteenth— 3 large
i sunny furnished rooms; piano; bath, warm,
and cold; gas range; rent reasonable; Mission
warm belt.
I HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 829— Lovely front room with piano
$12 per month.
HOWARD. :•::■>.. bet. Fifth and Sixth— Sunny
front suite; also others; reasonable; bath.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished single sunny
front room.
KEARNY, 209, Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms. ; transient.
, MAIN, 311— Large furnished sunny front room;
also smaller rooms for gentlemen.
MCALLISTER. 405, corner Polk— Furnished and
unfurnished rooms., .
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished,
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MISSION. 1129— nicest and cheapest front
and other rooms.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able. . .
O'FARRELL, 314 A —Nicely furnished sunny
rooms by the day, week or month; quiet.
OAK, 3Ss— Nicely furnished front room; gas
and bath; private family; cheap.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; by day or week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st,
POST, 203 — Newly furnished rooms, single and
en suite, from $1 50 to $6 week. ,
POST, 507— Nicely furnished room, gas, bath,
running water, $7 per month: also 1 front
suite, suitable for doctor or couple.
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night. 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to.sS; month. $S to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms, with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near — Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Large sunny room for light house-
keeping; also rooms $1 week; quiet house.
SIXTH. . 216% — Nicely furnished, sunny front
rooms; housekeeping and single; reasonable.
■ SIXTH. 310— Nicely furnished rooms with
double beds.
1 OR 2 comfortable rooms; suit 2 men, friends,
or married couple: bath, gas. 1515% Mission.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
icALIFORNIA. 807, "The Blngham"-^CaHfornla
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home corofts.
ELEGANTLY furnished rooms, with first-class
board. 513 O'Farrell st.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single. $25; double, $20.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single roo. is; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
EUTTER. 112S— Lovely home; sunny rooms;
overlooking garden: home cooking.
THE Longworth, 622 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished; single rms.; table board.
i A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
' IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home for children, $8; infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant. 44-SS-68 Third st.: take elevators; French
dinners, 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951. .
WESTERFELDT'S ReFtaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st.; popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
SEVENTH, 48, opp. postofflce— Store and 5
rooms; rent cheap.
STORE. 22d and Castro; new building; fixtures
for grocery and saloon. Key 1254 Mission st.
STORE fixtures, showcases, suitable for branch
i bakery; 4 living rooms; cheap. 2848 Folsom st.
____ EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optiian:
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071% Market st., S. F.; examina-
tlon free: open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what- 1
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed !
at any time when others have failed; travel- j
ers helped Instantly and can return home the |
tame day; no instruments used; cure at office, i
IS; home In confinement; skillful medical at- I
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
: where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet- j
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. . Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con- j
fidential; home treatment. $5; no instruments !
used: satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St., (
bet. Hyde and Larkln; office hours. 10 to 12, 2 ;
to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity |
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
This well known ladies' physician will leave I
for Europe May 25, in order to gain knowledge
which la to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit of her many pat-
rons on her return in August.
IMPORTANT— A progress in medical science
for female troubles, from whatever caused,
which saves trouble and misery; every woman
her own physician, always and at any time, '
no matter how long standing; travelers helped !
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's |
knowledge; cure, $5; restores In 1 day and I
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation I
free. The well known, celebrated specialist
and ladies' physician, practice 37 years,
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearney st.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men ana women; j
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar- '
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, '
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home, i
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self -cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
i druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
I cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
; cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m.; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR. G W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has ;
treated successfully more cases of irregulari- !
ties than any other physician; never fails to j
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market St.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod- j
crate: regular physician in 'tendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
t herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
i cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties belns used; I
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to i
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
St.; $1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 631 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MASSAGE given by Nurse ROGERS, 1520
Geary St.: female complaints treated; rheu-
matics given special attention. -
MRS. M. HE UN, midwife: specialty REV.
KNEIP'S celebrated treatment. 2230 Mission.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly trouble* or money back;ss up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all, dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
LOST.
AT Sathers or vicinity, May 7, gent's brown
overcoat. Return to F. D. RITCHIE. 4407
Eighteenth st.;. reward.
LOST— On Sutter or Steiner sts.. gold bracelet.
Return to 2212 Butter" at- Reward.
$20 REWARD— In East Oakland; sealskin cape
with Persian lamb yoke; Friday afternoon.
Return to 1264 Fourteenth St.. Oakland. ; •■
LOST— A medal; Schuetzen Koenijr, on top; f.
Sen. S. D. 1». K. J. BENDER. 1013 Dupont:
reward.
LOST On Post-fit, car, purse with money.
Finder please return to 239 Eleventh St.; re-
ward. __^
LOST— reward will be paid to party who
found diamond cross on Larkln st. Return to
1513 Clay st. ; call between 12:20 and 1:30; no
questions asked. ■ ;
_____
FOUND.
MAY Found, purse containing money. Owner
can have, same by describing contents und
paying fo this ad. Apply to H. H. LIBBING,
Station D postofflce.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th.
•FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought: short i
notice. J. GOLLOBER, 25 Battery st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
PEREMPTORY
AUCTION SALE
BY THE PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
THURSDAY,
MAY 11TH. AT 12 O'CLOCK.
AT 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
BY ORDER OF A. C. FREESE,
EX-PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
BALDWIN & HOWELL WILL SELL,
AT AUCTION:
AT AUCTION:
No. 606. 606 A and 6064 Third st., near Bran-
nan; lot 25x156:5. running through to Ritch St.;
improvements consist of a 3-story building on
Third st., containing 2 6tores and 2 stories
above, also a 3-story building (No. 307 Rltch
St.), containing 6 flats of 3 rooms each; total
rents $98.
Southeast corner Octavia ar.d Oak sts.; lot 50x
SO; improvements consist of a 2-story building
on the corner, containing a store and 2 rooms,
and a flat above of 5 rooms and bath; also a
z-etory residence on Octavia st. (No. 264), con-
taining 8 rooms and bath, etc.; total rents $70;
there Is about 35x50 feet vacant, which should
be Improved.
Nob. 2657 and 2659 Howard Ft., near Twenty-
tlilrd; 2 flats o£ 6 rooms each; rent $40; large
lot 30x122 :tf.
Lot on south side of Ripley place, 230:9 west
of Alabama st.; size of lot Soxlso, running
through to Waltham place.
Lot on northeasterly line of Fifteenth aye..
27f, feet Foutheast of R St.; size 25x100; street
graded, sewered and macadamized.
Lot on the southwesterly line of Fourteenth
aye., 275 feet southeast of R St.; 25x100.
Lot on the west line of Forty-third aye., 100
feet south of Q sL; 50x120.
Lot on the north line of Trumbull st., 320
feet east of Condon; 30x160, through to Canal st.
Lot on the north side, of Silver aye., 200 feet
west of Barneveld aye. ; 25x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
ONE more fajnily made happy by selling them
a home on the Heyman Tract and relieving
them of paying the landlord $5 interest on
every $10 monthly, and a new house at the
same time; modern; up-to-date; 2 more for
sale for your rent money. Ride with Twen-
ty-second st. electric car to terminus of the
Heyman Tract and call at our new office on
Hoffman aye.. where you will meet our agent,
for information.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON. 19 Montgomery
■ st.. owners and builders.
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new 3-room
cottage near Holly Park; near Mission elec-
tric cars.
$100— LOTS In Colma. on the electric, road: easy
terms. JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 19 Mont-
gomery St.
$100— LOTS south of Golden Gate Park In
block S2S. close to block 726; $10 down and
52 60 per month. JACUB HEYMAN & SON.
19 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL ELMHURBT— OakIand suburbs,
near S. P. or electric station. 40 minutes from
S. F., 15 minutes from Oakland; home lots in
sizes to suit: . r .0x125 feet, with a new modern
cottage, for $6,'<o; planted In shade and fruit
(a b'-autiful summer home); $50 down,
balance to suit purchaser. Further particu-
lars, address JACOB HEYMAN & SON. 19
M ntgoiqery st.. S. F., or 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
I HOUSES and cars built on easy terms near the
lovely ocean beach. Forty-eighth aye. and J
st.. within 10 minutes' walk of the Cliff and
fronting the boulevard. Branch office estab-
lished on the block. JACOB HEYMAN &
SON, Owners and Builders, 19 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
$12,500— O'Farrell st., near Taylor; right in
line of Improvement; house of 11 rooms; can
be altered to flats and sture.
! $20.0u0— Jnnes st.. near Golden Gate aye.; re-
! from ?25,0i)0; near Hibernia Bank; 22
I rooms; can be leased iV'O per month.
I $16,500— Leaven worth st., near California; 3
: dwellings; rented $135 per month steadily; easy
I terms.
flO.OfiO — Poott st., near Washington, opposite
Alta Plaza; choice neighborhood; elegant
hi ..si\ S rooms.
$6000— New flats: Frederick st., near Clayton
and the park; rents $60; easy terms.
New Hats; Clayton St., near Waller and
the park; rents $5"; easy terms.
$21,000— Valencia st., near Twenty-third; large
lot; old improvements; $48,000 was refused for
this 'lice; must bo Bold in few days; a snap.
! S3ooo— Corner on Haieht st ; 25x100; few
blocks from Dark; very cheap.
$2500— Inside lots, adjoining above.
$2800— Lot on north side Fifteenth St.. near
Val< acla: Kx9B.
12200— 100p Hay St.. between Powell and
Mason; 8 rooms; fine view of bay.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st.
C. C- BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery St.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
I enth and Douglass sts; must be sold; 80x114
| feet.
2SOO— North line Carl st, near Stanyan; 50x
! 137 :f> feet.
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.,
ne;ir Webster; lot 30x127:8% feet.
In Berkeley— Corner lot; 57x130, with modern
house of 9 rooms.
|1700 NEAT cottage of 5 rooms: Harrison st.,
near Twenty-third: 23:4x100; part cash. W.
II CRIM & CO., lIS Montgomery st.
TWO flats. 7 and a rooms, bath; lot 26x
100; mortgage for $1500. W. H. CRIM & CO..
US Montgomery st.
$1900— TWENTY-FOURTH St., near Church;
house of R rooms; 25x102. W. H. CRIM '&
CO.. lIS Montgomery st.
$350<)— TWENTIETH St., nr. Valencia; 6 rooms
and bath; 26x100. W. H. CRIM & CO., 118
Montgomery st.
I $27,000— ELEGANT Pacific Heights residence:
splendid modern home of 20 rooms and 3
baths; on sunny side; all the latest improve-
ments; finished in various beautiful woods:
inlaid floors; frescoed ceilings; fine marine
view: In the choicest part of Pacific Heights.
Apply to CHAJB. W. SUTRO, 14 Montgomery
st., 12 m. or 5 d. m.
MIST be sold; new modern house of 5 rooms;
large lot; on railroad; one-third cash; your
own time for balance. Box 527, Call office.
SSECOND-ST. property: 62x100; Nob. 128 and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court.
Send hii ls to A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Mrkt.
WELL-BUILT, up-to-date house now for eale;
contains 8 rooms and bath; situated on Fred-
erick St., near Stanyan.
$18.000— A BARGAIN; must be sold; corner;
37UX112V,; south of Park Panhandle; 6 new
flats, with modern improvements; rents $144
per month; pays 13 per cent. Box 706, Call.
(12,000 A FINE corner, one block from Park:
62V&XSO; 4 new flats with modern improve-
i nients; rents (94 per month; an offer wanted.
Box 705. Call office.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First live, to the ocean, then
call On W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
j CITY poultry farms, JIM) up; money ad vane, l
to Improve. P. A. DOLAN, 40 Montgomery
st., room 7.
$1860 4-ROOM cottage and lot 27:6x100; furni-
ture and 3 dozen chickens included. Dia-
mond St.. near Twentieth.
TWO lots; 50x100; near cars; must sell; $500
1297 Folsom st. *
$100 CASH. $25 mo. ; $1900-$2400; 4-5 rm. cottages-
'■ 2 block from cars. S2l Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
HOUSES and lots from $200 to flO 000
Ranches from 2 to 1000 acres, $100 to 20 000
I SELL AND EXCHANGE EVERYTHING
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., or 15 Eddy.'"
GOOD lodging house in Oakland: now clearing
over $150 per month; will sell on easy terms
or exchange for good property; best of reasons
for selling. J. H. EPSON, 1209 Broadway
Oakland.
TO exchange for ranch: $2000 equity. See owner,
S6l Jackson st,. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED^
WANTED- For cash: outside lota suitable for
city poultry farm. P. A. DOLAN, 40 Mont-
gomery st., room 7.
MONEY TO LOAN."
AVOID delays (60 to 1100,000; St and!d~rrrorU
gages. 6 per cent; estates In probate, undivided
interests in estates, legacies and mortgages
bought; advice and money furnished; full In-
formation free. P. A. Dolan, 40 Montgy, r. 7.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6^4 per cent on rea! estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels.
undi%'d infts, etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Ex-
aminer building.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale, cheap— Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake. Van-
couver Island; unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to DR. FOOTE, Duncans, Vancouver
Island.
ORCHARD, 15 miles south of San Jose;
12 acres 4-year-old prunes; house of 7 rooms;
barns, etc.; good well of water: 5 minutes
from station. R. G. WILKE, 90S Market st.
COTTAGE in Santa Cruz for Kale; $150; good
location. Apply 11 Maple St., Santa Cruz, Cal.
$450—10 ACRES, well improved. Lake County;
6 acres bearing orchard; comfortable 6-room
house; good well water; nice location; bar-
gain for few days only. C. F. MOORE, 935
Market St., room 4.
1500—75x100: HOUSE, barn and well at Colma.
C. C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 addieas THE
COTATI CO.. 802 California at.. S. F.
$350— 1N SAN BENITO County; 160 acres home-
stead abandonment; 60 acres cultivable; 12
acres in wheat. Address box 803, Call.
FRUIT, grain and . nek farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
$. TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company: pack-
Ing. advance, etc. 73. Market: tel. Black 311.
LEGAL NOTICES.
~~~~""'"~ -'" NOTICE. >': '"~
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1599. 'he Bafcereneld and Los Angelea Rail-
way Company filed Us application In writing
In the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1899. colled for the purpose of
passing upon the question. It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against tha
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said- Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in some newspaper
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days
Therefore, all persons having any interest In
the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here-
| by notified to file in my office, on or before
I the 22d day of May, 1899. any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting: of
•aid petition.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto «et my
hand and the official seal of said court this
the 17th day of April. 1899.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANB.
County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury. San Francisco
April 14, 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15, 1880,
also in accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16, 1872, there
will be sold at public auction by E. 8. Spear
& Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
I st., on MONDAY, May 15, 1899, at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police forca
of Ban Francisco, as detailed In an inventory
thereof on file in the office of the Cleric of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc. ; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc., property of deceased persona received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of sale.
I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for fresh beef and mutton—
fice Chief Commissary. San Francisco, Cal.,
April 11, 1599. Sealed proposals for furnishing
and delivering fresh beef and mutton will be
received here and at offices of commissaries
I at Alcatraz Island, Angel Island, Benlcla
Barracks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Fran-
cisco and San Diego Barracks. Cal., until
11 o'clock a. m.. May 11, 1899, and then
- opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be indorsed "Proposals for Fresh Beef and
Mutton," and addressed to undersigned or
to commissary at post to be supplied. S. F.
THORN. Major. Chief Commissary.
TREASURY Department, ' Office Supervising
Architect, Washington, D. C, April 24, 1899 —
Sealed proposals will be received at this of-
fice until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 27th day of
May, 1899, and then opened, for all the mason-
ry work, roof covering, etc., for the United
States Postofflce. 'Courthouse, etc.. building
at San Francisco. Cal., In accordance with
the drawings and specification, copies of
which may be obtained at this office or at the
Office of the Superintendent at San Fran-
cisco, Cal. JAMES KNOX Super-
vising- Architect.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
«^,. _._,. . _
$25 CASH, $5 monthly till paid for, will buy 5
level lots and single dwelling; 250 feet new
fencing and shade trees; price $300 In all;
fine soil; grand view; excellent climate; lays
in tropical Fruit vale Valley: settling up rap-
Idly; streets all graded: main avenue ma-
cadamized; close to a fine boulevard; elec-
tric car lines and a fine large grammar school
house. Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh
Ft., near Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
— 5-ROOM cottage and lot; near Center Sta-
tion; a bargain: cost $1400. ALDEN CO., 902
Broadway, Oakland.
— t-ACRE chicken and fruit ranch at Fruit-
vale. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Halght Ft.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
Furniture of 6-room house; must be
sold this week; bids taken: house for rent;
central; 2 blocks from local trains. MRS R
WALSH, 578 Ninth st.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE—
Encinal, near station; large house, 6 rooms;
lot +0x140; finely furnished throughout; rent for
$37 50; only $2500; near station.
House. t> rooms.
LARGE LOT. $1250.
House, 5 rooms. >
LARGE LOT, STABLE, ETC. $2500.
Central aye.
ELEGANT HOME. $0000. ,
San Jose aye.
BEAUTIFUL HOME. $10,000.
House 9 rooms, stable, windmill and well;
lot 138x150; fine garden: only $7800. . ■
TO RENT ON
CENTRAL AYE.
ALAMEDA AYE.
SAN ANTONIO AYE.
SAN .TOPE AYE.
CLINTON AYE.
FROM $30 TO $50.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
1413.Park st.. Alameda.
$ "00— 60x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— Lot 30x150; with "-room cottage; neap
station and High School: easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3200— Lot 43x135; fine new modern 2-story
bouse of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues: near station; $500 cash and
enly $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city. . *
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1423 Park St.. Alameda.
.TO lease for one year or more, a pleasant,
sunny home in Alameda; house of 9 rooms,
bath, attic and basement; modern plumbing,
electric lights and gas throughout; large
grounds. 1439 Morton St., near Santa Clara;
rent $45 per month.
FOR sale, or will exchange for lots In Oakland.
Berkeley or Alameda. a house of 6 rooms and
bath: street work. J. H. YOUNG, Builder.
1243 Park st. i
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS. - U'XKE, 1418 Bth St.
BERKELEY REAL estate.
hill£gXss~~tract!
Ten minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lota 160 feet in depth: fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwlicht way station. • .
Cheapest choice property InAlarr.pda County.
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station, j
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Work»—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS,. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. 8. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 324. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c7
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
George O. Bernstsen and Lillia Henne 28-28
Julius B. Jensen and Mary T. Mackell 23-23
C. V. Manner and Jeanette R. Vandersllce.4S-36
Patrick Carey and Mary Buckley 29-24
James Dorsey and Molly Mooney 31-22
Michael J. Walsh and Margaret Smyth.... 2B-22
J. H. Schneider and Antoinette v. Krohn. 23-21
Nathan Landabcrger and Irma Herz...... .34-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COHN— In this city. May 7, 1899, to the wife of
Herman Conn, a son.
HILDEBRAND— In Alameda, April 22, 1899, to
the wife of Emil Hildebrand. a daughter.
MEYER— In Oakland. May 8, ISM. to the wife
of R. F. Meyer, a son.
_______
MARRIED.
GAMON— HUGHES— In this city. May 6, 1899,
. by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Thomas Garaon
and Emma Hughes, both of San Francisco.
MADDEN— KNOX— In this city, May 7, 1899,
John P. Madden and Mary A. Knox, both of
San Francisco.
SCHNEIDER— KROHN— In this city. May 8,
1889, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Jacob H.
Schneider and Antonetfe V. Krohn.
DIED. ~
Anthes, Catherine King, Henry
Barter, Augusta B. Luppold, Marguerite
Borkheim, Henry McAllep, Mrs. M. J.
Bronk, Henry Marat, Rose
Carlin. Frank J. Miller. Alexandriana
Carlson. John O'Donnell, E. Louis
Colllschonn. F. Paralta. Ramon
Cranston, Rob Roy. Price, Mrs. Alice
Durning, Thomas A. Reilly, John F.
Felker. Louis B. Reynolds, dipt. E.
Goth. Emma L. Rietow, Charles
Grimm, Frank A. Sannes, Frances A,
Hickox, Frank B.
ANTHES— In this city. May 8, 1899. Catherine
Anthes, dearly beloved mother of Fred P.,
Frank F. and Louis N. Anthes and Mrs. A.
Bertelson, a native of Hessen-Darmstadt,
Germany, aged 66 years 1 month and 8 days.
IE?" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from her late residence, 2415 Bush
street, between Pierce and bcott. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
BARTER— In this city. May 8, 1899. Augusta
Batcheder Barter, a native of Union, Me.,
aged 77 years.
BORKHEIM— In this city, May 7. 1899, Henry,
beloved husband of Rose Borkheim. and
father of Samuel, Millie, Ida, Etta, Louis,
Abe, William. Ray, Milton and Clara Bork-
heim and Mrs. L. Alexander, a native of
Prussia, aged 72 years and 11 months. (Brook-
lyn, N. V., and Jacksonville, Fla., papers
please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1102 McAllister street. Interment
New Salem Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
BRONX— In this city, May 6. 1899, Henry
Bronk, formerly known as Captain William
Brown, a native of Schenectady, N. V., aged
; CO years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
'Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co., 2666 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. . . : r •
CARLIN— In this city. May 8, 1899, Frank J.,
beloved husband of Mary Cariin (nee Martin),
a native of the parish of Donoughmore,
County Donegal, Ireland, aged 35 years.
(Philadelphia papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances and .members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Wednesday), at — o'clock, from
the funeral parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARLSON— In this city. May 7, 1899, John Carl-
! son, a native of Sweden, aged 65 years.
! COLLISCHONN— In Alameda. May 8, 1899,
Frederick, beloved son of Helen M. and the
late Charles Colliechonn, and brother of Ber-
tha and Emma Colllschonn, Franz Collis-
chonn of San Jose, and Otto and Dr. Philip
Colllschonn of San Francisco, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 yearrs 5 months and 29
days.
[E^Funeral private to-morrow (Wednesday),
at 2 o'clock, from 1108 Regent street. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
ORANSTON— In this city, May 8, 1599. Rob
Roy, only child of Dr. R. A. and Jessie Cam-
eron Cranston, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 28 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 3156 Twenty-fourth street. In-
terment private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DURNING— In New York, May 3, 1899, Thomas
i A. Durning, printer, formerly of San Fran-
-1 cisco.
FELKER— In this city, May 8, 1899, Louis B.
Felker, a native of Bangor, Me., aged 60
years.
GOTH— In this city, May 6, 1899. Emma Louise,
beloved wife of Thomas R. Goth, and mother
of Alma Louise Goth and Carl D. Thurston,
a native of New York, aged 50 years. (Clo-
verdale and Los Gatoa papers please copy.)
[CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 40 Cumberland street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland, by 2
o'clock creek-route boat.
GRlMM— Drowned, near Tiburon, May 7, 1899,
Frank A., beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. Ma-
thias Grimm, and brother of Mrs. William
Schreiber, Mrs. William Ranor and Matt and
Adam Grimm, aged 34 years and 22 days.
HICKOX— In this city, May 8, 1899, Frank 8..
eldest son of B. F. Hickox, and brother of
• Amy C. and Charles D. Hickox, a native of
San Francisco, aged 19 years 4 months and 11
days.
KING— In this city, May 8, 1899, at his resi-
dence, 303 Miguel street, Henry, beloved hus-
band of the late Mary King, and father of
Henry Jr., Thomas, Edward, James, Charles
and Joseph King, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 60 years. (Danbury, Conn., papers
please copy.) - •"
LUPPOLD— In this city, May 7, 1899, Mar-
guerite Luppold. beloved sister of Mrs. Zol-
ler Mrs Christen and Mrs. Lachmann, and
sister-in-law of John Zoller and Christ Chris-
ten, a native of Germany, aged 47 years and 5
months.
(C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. John Zoller, 1350 Grove
street. . Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MoALLEP— Entered into rest, in this city.
May 8, 1599, Mrs. M. J. McAllep, mother of
Captain W. 1.. Mary E. and Elizabeth C.
McAllep, Mrs. C. M. Beane and the late Cap-
tain J. W. McAllep. a native of Nova Scotia,
aged 85 years and 11 months. »
[[^•Notice of funeral hereafter.
MARAT— In this city, May 8, 1899, Rose, dearly
beloved wife of Victor Marat, and mother of
Mrs. M. E. Magnus and Victor Jr. and Henry
Marat, a native of France, aged 48 years 7
■months and 2 days.
E_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 312 Willard street, between Stanyan
street and Sunset avenue. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
MILLER— this city. May 8, 1899. Alexan-
driana, beloved daughter of Dr. J. A. and
Veronica Miller, and sister of Lydla M., Ve-
ronica C. and Lucile Miller, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 years 8 months and 13
days.
O'DONNELL— Baltimore, Ma., May 7, 1899,
E. Louis O'Donnell, beloved brother of Dr.
C. C, O'Donnell and Mrs. Rose M. Lane.
PARALTA— In this city, May 8, 1899, Ramon
Paralta, a native of Mexico, aged 84 years.
PRICE— In this city. May 7, 1899. Mrs. Alice,
dearly beloved wife of the late R. W. Price,
a native of Ireland, aged SO years.
n_TThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2011 Hyde street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
REILLY— In this city. May 8, 1899, John F..
beloved son of Sarah and the late Patrick
Reilly, and father of Sarah and Mary Reilly,
a native of San Francisco, aged 38 years.
REYNOLDS— In this city. May 8. 1899, Captain
Edward 8., beloved ' husband of Harriet L.
Reynolds, and father of Edward H. Reynolds
and Mrs. Mary B. Holmes, a native of Bos-
ton. Mass., aged -80 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, under the ausnices of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 30, F. and A. M. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
RIETOW— In this city, May 8. 1899, Charles
Rietow, a native of Son Francisco, aged 34
years 11 months and 10 days.
Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, 636 Washington street.
SANNES— In this city. May 8, 1899. Frances
A., beloved daughter of John and Elizabeth
Sannes, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
y ears and 11 days. <•■
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan St Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBB*
to Fifth at., opposite Lincoln Scbook
Telephone South W.
1112
GRAIN CASE
WILL GO ON
TO A TRIAL
Judge Morrow Denies the
Motion to Dismiss the
Suit.
BLACKSTOCK RESOLUTION
SCORED BY THE COURT
Attorney Hayne Said That the
Matter Should Be Prosecuted
Notwithstanding Action of
Commissioners.
THE Southern Pai-iiic Company of
tucky and elsewhen received a
setback yesterday in the United
Lrcult t'ourt when Judge
Morrow refused to i:ia:.t the mo
tiou of the company's majority in the
Railroad Commission to dismiss tin* suit
brought against the Commissioners by the
railroad company (mown as the grain rate
Morrow at the same time
rebuked the Commissioners f^r
m.'-.ts contained In the Blackstock ■
lution ajid gave the commission a free
lesson i; law whin he told the Attorney
.'] I i:.it a motion t" dismiss BhOUld
emanatl from the plaintiff to be entitled
ti) any standing In court.
Attorney General Ford and Robert Y.
Hay.-- . iitiiiß the Railrpad Com
■ ners; E. S. Pillsbury, r
i:.. Kentucky corporation, and Assistant
A I torney Woodworth, r< p
itlng :!;•■ i ';
met in the court a . isl 10. Mr.
Ford
by t). .-. and mai'.e a
nient to th( I would ac
crue by having the suit prosecuted, be
on of rat.-s had been set
tled already. He therefore moved tha,t
■
"A :,. ' i..nils ■ ■ ils motion,
Mr. Pillsbury? It appears to me that In a
n,;.'t. - of 'his kind Ihe plaintiff
have something to say," said .luii^. Mor
:i ■ w
"1 have nothing to say,!' replied Mr.
. ..;:< .Si i ompan; I
course, iias no objection to the dismissal,
tut I nave nothing to .say in the matter.
"Have you anything to Bay, Mr. Wood
worth, on behall ■■: the United States as
Intervenor?" asked the Ju
"1 don't want to :.a.\ t- •,),.. costs
upon the I':ilt<?<! the Intervenor, '
i Mr. Woodwtrth. "The fai t that
aims of t lie railroiid company have
been Bettled on behalf of the Govern
ment, of course, 'W.: nave no bearing on
the present question except that we don't
want any of tin- costs to be saddii
the <»o\ ernment."
"What have you to gay, Mr. Hayne?"
asked his Honor. "I have nothing at all
to do with this motion," replied Mr.
•'I wash my hands ot the wliole
affair. I huv been employed by the Rail-
Commissioners to ■ this
vigorously iuid I think that tb»- suit
: x>> v:.. J don't aco why it should
Judge Morrow thereupon took up the
langUHKo of certain parts of the Jilack-
Htock resolution and said that the state
ments contained In those parts of the res
olution were incorrect. In fact, false. He
callt-d attention particularly to the fol
lowing paragraphs, which were disre
spectful to the court, besides being un
true:
And whereas, said suit is still pending
and undetermined, and said restraining
order still subsists, the effect of which
has over since been* nnd still is to effec
tually tie the hand* of said board, and
preclude and prevent it not only from pro
eoedlr.jj to enforce eaid resolutions, but
practically from carrying: out the purpose
of Its creation in the regulation of freights
and fares within the State; anil whereas,
It Is '.)*; desire and purpose of this board,
if freed from the restraint of said litigation,
to proceed in the manner contemplated by
law to an investigation Into . ■!■■! an ad
justment of any and all Instances of unlaw
ful discrimination or exorbitant, oppressive
or unjut-t charge! which may be shown to
exist within said State; and, generally, to
regulate and enforce rutes and schedules
of freight* and fares within the State ouch
as shall be fair and Just to the shipper and
carrier alike, and thereby meet the require
ments of the law; and whereat?, this pur
pose cannot be carried out or effectuated
while the hands of said board are restrained,
by thi> Injunction resting upon It.
"1 will deny the motion," added the
after he had dissected the Black
. effusion.
"1 will :il those statements
which your Honor thinks are not c >rrect
1 will roin-w my motion," said Mr.
"I don't think that the motion should
come from you, the defendant In
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i^p lj I d^^-j I } I — —
A man has to have pluck to make a suc-
cess of any calling. A man must have the
backbone to take knock-down blows and
get up again and again and fight on.
Pluck and stamina are largely a question
of good health. It only takes one knock-
down blow to finish a man with a headache.
It only takes a small setback to disconcert
a nervous and shaky man. A bilious, head-
achy man goes into bankruptcy at the first
embarrassment. A nervous man who does
hot sleep" at night and gets up shaky in the
morning gives up the battle of business at
the first discouragement. Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery is the best of
all health-makers and health-keepers. It
makes pure, rich blood. It forces out all
imparities and disease germs. It does not
make any difference what the disease may
be called, so long as it has its inception in
improper or insufficient nourishment— this
great medicine will cure it. It may be
called dyspepsia, kidney disease, "liver
complaint," skin or blood disease, or nerv-
ous prostration — all these have the same
starting point. The " Golden Medical Dis-
covery " reaches that point. It will cure
these diseases absolutely. None of them
can retain their hold on the system when
the arteries are filled with rich, pure blood.
" I am 54 years old," writes Mr. F. O. Biedaoe.
of LeesviUe. Henry Co., Mo. " For 25 year* I
suffered from torpid liver, constipation and indi-
gestion which severely affected my nerves. Hav-
ing to make my living by hard work, I would
keep on until I would have to give up. Some-
times my friends would pick me up and carry me
to bed. What littl: sleep I could get wni tortured
with horrible dreanm. I took six bottles of Dr.
Fierce* Oolden Medical DUcovery. It relieved
the pain ia my back and between my shoulder*
hraoed up my acrves, »ad to-day I am a well
fuit," remarked Judge Morrow, with a
Blight touch of the Iceberg in his accents.
'"A mo.tion of this kind should como al
ways from the plaintiff."
Mr. Pillsbury thereupon being called
upon to say something, remarked that ho
was not prepared t" make th< motion, as
■u ici no! look well ior his siiie to come
Into court and uak for a dimissai, because
th< iniblic ini«ht think that the suit had
not b'-i d commenced In faith, and it
would maJte a bad impression on the peo
ple.
Attorney General Ford then explained
that he ha<i been peremptorily ordered by
Railroad <'oniinissi.i!nrs to £et rid of
the case. "Now I must renew my motion
to dismiss, after striking out the objec
ble matter In the d< cree."
The court refused to grant the motion,
ii" matter In whal f'>rm it mleht be made.
"Court's adjourned, said his Honor,
and the lawyers took up their books and
walked out.
Mr. Hayne wore a Maud Muller smile
all the way to the elevator.
At the meeting of \h>< Commissioners in
the afternoon Bar. Ford presented t! .
lowing written report:
<ti the 24th daj of April, IMS, jrour hon
orable h<My adopi •'' resolutions
. ■ n.ilnf,' in the
•circuit Court of the United States for the
Ninth Circuit, Northern Dlstrl : ol Call
fornia. entitled Southern Pacific Company,
:.nnt. vs. the l^ini of Railroad
Commissioners of the St;ite
<i :il . defendants. S.dd res< it
follows, to wit:
"And It Is further ordered and resolved.
That the Attorney Genera! of the State of
California be and he hereby Is directed,
Instructed and ordered, as soon as he can
be heani by said Circuit Court, to secure a
discontinuance and dismissal of the cause
nnd temporary injunction mentioned and
specifically referred to in the above and
foregoing resolutions."
I'ursuant to said resolutions, and upon
notice duly gi\Vn. I this day moved in the
above-named court for a dismissal of the
above-entitled cause. My motion was de
nied upon the ground, as stated by the
Judge presiding, the Hon. W. \v Mor
row, that the resolutions adopted by your
honorable body on the 24th day of April,
IM3. and above referred to, did not con
f/irm to the facts as disclosed by the record
In said cause, and that the name were, in
effect, a reflection upon the above-named
court. I thereupon withdrew the resolu
tions referred to, at the same time assuring
the court that I -was certain that your
honorable body intended In nowise to re
flect upon said court. After a withdrawal
of said resolutions I again renewed my
motion to dismiss, which motion was again
denied by the court.
Awalting your further instructions In the
! remain, very truly y
Tim-:v L. PORD, Attorney General.
Mr. Ford, a.^ a reply to certain unfavor
able f-ritiolsmj;, ha.s miulf public tho fol
lowlng letter, whioh explains Itself:
SAN FRANCISCO, May 8
H'>n. Tlrey 1,. V<>n\. Attorney <;.■■
Bli In reply to your fa ting our
U to the extont to which th*
UlarkHtock resolution Mii'lH you in the liti
gation between the S ruthern Viu-iti- Ftall
.l the Railroad Commission we beg
to say that whiir the action of the com
mission was takfn against our ■•■ir >
'!■<-, ;t nd while we very much reg ■
v. think that you are bound to obey Its
num.
It way held by the Supreme Court of the
United States in Reagan vs. the Farmers'
I.' in and Trust Company (154 U. S., 302)
that such a suit la not against the State!
but 1h rainsi the commissioners, There
fore the commlFsionors control It. so far as
their side of the case li concerned; and as
they have finally repeal) I and rescinded the
resolutions complained of by the railroad
company, and have instructed you to obtain
a dismissal of the suit, we think that you
would b« occupying an untenable position
ii you attempted to proceed with the litiga
tion. I
If the railroad eonfliany should not accept
the action of the board as sincere, and
should take the ground that there was still
a threat on their r>art from which .lanper
was to be apprehended, and should for that
reason lesire to continue the litigation, a
different situation would be presented
Yours respectfully,
ROBERT Y. HAYNE,
W. W. POOTE.
STOCKTON SEEKS JUSTICE.
Mnkesa Valiant Fight Against!
Railroad Discrimination in
Favor of Port Co-ta.
The fight between the merchants of:
Stockton and the Southern Pacific Com
pany, which has been waged almost con- '
ttnuously since the building of the over
land ro.td, a quarter of a century ago, was i
•<i yesterday before the Railroad
Commissioners. Stockton was represented
by Colonel George 11. Sperry, C. M. Web
er, Louis Frankenheimer, w. n. Harri-
Bon, Sigiamund Schwabacher, H. J. Cor
coran and It. D. Girvin. J. C. Stubbfl
■poke for the railroad Interests, being Bec
onded )>>• Herman Bppinger and Qeorgi
W. McNear, warehouseman of Port Costa,
<'oii>ii"i Bperry presented the
Stockton, reading from a carefully pre
pared statement the argument which bis
people make against the proposed lower-
Ing of rates on wheat from points in Rnn
Joaquin Valley to Tort Costa, to the det
rlmeni of Stockton. During the course of.
th* 1 argument Which ensued EL .1. Cor
coran bitterly arraigned the railroad com
pany fur its attitude toward Stockton for
>■•■;) rs p.-iM. He Bajd the railroad had al
ways bent its efforts toward injuring
Btockton and taking from it the advan
t m k»-s which nature accorded it. He
quoted a statement credited to the late
■ A. N. Towne thai h<' would "dry up the
water course to Btockton and that some
day the grass would grow in the streets."
He held that In making rates on any I
commodity the railroad men always gave
Btockton the worst ot it. As one Instance
nt the methods employed In arriving al a
rate to be charged he cited that .>n
gTaln from Byron to Port Costa. This!
is r.o cents i>er ton for thirty-seven miles,
while It Is $1 per ton to Stockton, thirty
• iKht miles, and under tho same cond'i- |
ttona. The explanation of the low rruo to
Port Costa was that the man who owned
tl).- warehouse at the latter point owned
another one at Byron and the action was ■
taken to favor him.
Mr. Stubbs, who was suave and
ready to answer any questions, reit
erated a sentiment once uttered by
0. P. Huntington, in which he said
the company charged "all the traffic
would bear."
Mr. Stubbs made the candid state
ment, "We fix rates at a certain fig
ure because we can get it."
Mr. Stubbs for the railroad said that
the railroad cornpnny had not been in
vl'.cd by tho CornmleslonoTß to send a rep
[rteentatiTe to the meeting; that he had
THE SAN FRANCISCO C&LXi, TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1899.
learned unofficially that the representa
tives of Stockton would be present and he
had attended to hear their arguments. On
behalf of the railroad company he enter
ed a formal protest against the reduction
of grain rates. He asserted that the
rates were reasonable and just according
to any standard of measurement that
might be applied. The rates of his com
pany, he said, were lower than those of
other companies operating on this coast
or in the middle West— they were below
the average and did not return a fair
! profit on operation, no dividends being
paid. It had been "found difficult to me<-t
Interest and expenses." He did not think
it was fair to change; that discrimination
1 had been questioned before, but not up
; held. Some rates are forced on the com
pany by competition, and whenever a rate
is questioned it is measured by these low
■ rates.
The Stocktonians claimed that the dif
!ai between Port Costa and Stock
ton had been reduced, to which state
ment Mr. Btubbs entered a denial. When
confronted with a tariff sheet on which
It was shown that to meet the rates of
the Valley ruad the company had dropped
a charge of 10 cents per ton fur unload
ing the grain at Port Costa. Mr. Stubbs
shuffled out of the hole by claiming that
the warehouse men were charged this I
instead of the shippers, as in the past.
For this reason the differential, which :
was on its face supposed to give Stockton :
its proportion of the traffic, did not in
reality have that effect. When the Val
ley road first entered Stockton a charge \
of ID cents a ton was made by the South- i
em Pacific Company for switching. Tho
warehouses were; on the water front and
distance from the main line of the
railroad. This was always an additional
•harge not contemplated when the dif
ferentia] was lixed at 50 cents per ton.
When the 10 cents per ton "unloading
fee" was dropped at Port Costa it re
duced the differential practically to 40
cents. This had the expected effect of ;
Bending the bulk of the trade to Port i
Costa.
Mr. Stubbs was apparently surprise]
at the formidable array of the Stockton j
men he found at the meeting, and said
he thought it indicated the weakness of
their cause. This the Stocktonians de- '
nled. saying it was because they knew
from long experience the strength of tne
opposition they would encounter.
The Commissioners took the case un
der advisement.
CORNELL MEN
SPEAK HIGHLY
OF DR. WHEELER
For Berkeley's New
President.
Thore will be a meeting of the Board of
Resents of the Stat^ University to-day.
Late last night the Regents had not been
advised that Governor Gape desir< '!
further postponement of the proposition
to elect a successor to Martin Kellogg,
president of the university. It is there
fore believed that the subject In which
the friends of the institution are so deep
ly concerned will come up for considera
tion to-day.
Professor William Carey Jones, who is
now connected with the university at
Berkeley, and fairly well known In this
will no doubt be recommended as
.1 suitable man to direct the affairs of the
Institution. A.s his accomplishments are
known, it is not necessary to review
I in in.
Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler, whose
name will be presented to the Regents, is
not well known in California, but edu
cators who are familiar witrf his record
Bpeak of him as a man of genius and
festerday The Call invited an
expression of opinion regarding Mr.
Wheeler from Stanford professors and
Btudents who knew him at Cornell. The
responses follow:
Dr. Jordan says: "I know of no man more
likely to I'iw. a great university pre«
than Dr. Wheeler. He is a broad man, a forci
ble man, a man of executive strength, a clear
writer and a man of unblemished personal
le<l in public; affalrh, uiul
carrying a broad influence in whatever ue un
dertaki
It. Orrln U Elllutt, registrar, says: "Pro
fessoi Wheeler has lonp been accounted one of
■ men a! Cornell. In addition to
being an accomplished scholar a.nd m.in of let
ters, he li a man of decided executive ability,
a r<'ady and graceful speaker, genial and cor
dial in hiii personal bearing."
>aor a. (i. Newcomer was a student un
der Professor Wheeler and expresses himself
as verj •• ithuslastlc at the possibility of that
;ilnn Wost : "1 remember Profes
sor Wheeler particularly after hi? return "from
:;thusiastlc In hid
work and an inspiring teacher. I would like
nothing better than to see him at Berkeley.
The general impression at Cornell was that
r \A !.•■< lei would make a good execu
tive, li.- Is .tn eai rg<!i.-, insijlriiiK man."
VV. K. Dudley was on the Cornell
faculty \vitli Professor Wheeler and knows him
personally: "1 believe he would make an ad
mirable president. He is equal to almost any
emergency. H< is quick and full of rr*-, .
He is very energetic and has great capacity.
Profeasoi \\! ■.!■ r would put (California on an
Bdmirablt basis. He Is a tine appearing man
with a magnetic personality. He is regarded
ac a thorough scholar. Independent and Oar
less, I ntious. 1 regard him as the
best available man that I know of."
Professor C D. M.-ir\ w;^ also on the Cornel!
factulty with Professor Wheeler. He sayH of
him: "Professor Wheeler is a brilliant and able
: i, possessing a i;n\it deal of tact and pro
nounced executive ability. He is a most ex
• Instructor, as is proved by the fact
that a genuine revival ot interest In Qreek
. d after Ills return from stuillcs In
He bae ■ way of inspiring FUi'ients
i love toT th'-ir work. Professor Wheeler
is sit all t i Hi' i!i>' exponent of the highest
things In the way of Intercollegiate si»Tts mid
always takes ■ lively Interest in this depart-
As Professor Wheeler has refused nu-
! presidencies, among them !>•■
inn Roch< ii. Colby University and Brown, I
should c'.nsH.T ii a decided compliment to the
\v.-»t if he should accept the presidency of the
University of California."
Professor B\ A. Fetter said: "I have a very
hlf?h opinion of Professor Wheeler, having been
iated with him on the Cornell factulty.
a man of strong personality, a fluent
r, an able scholar, and of hi^h executive
ability. The word 'all-around' well suits Pro-
Wheeler. I believe it would be a dis
tinct benefit to Stanford to have him at Berke
l.-v ."•
Frank Mnth.ini, a senior student here, hut last
; Cornell, speaks in the hlghc-st terms of
sot Wheeler from the student Htandpolnt:
"He is the slickest man Ruinir. The fellows
rnell simply worship him and that's no
:; He takes a great Interest in
and seldom fails to attend a game, meet
! race. If he romes to Berkeley, Btan
iil have to get a wlKKle on her sure
; Professor Wheeler's clauses are all
I opular, an<i he teems to me to be in every way
ritt>-'l t<> aid in the building of great educa
tional Institutions in th<- West But I don't
Cornell will let him ko without a row,
■ • 1 heard that he would or wants to
Chinese Sneak Thief.
Ah Slnp. a Chinese, whom the police h:ive
been looking for dozing Beveral months,
was captured yesterday i>y Detective Mc-
Mahon and booked »t the City Prison on
a charge of petty larceny. He is the lot
tfry ticket Beller who has heon callinp ;it
In uses aii<! stealing purses and anything
he could siab while unobserved. The par
ticular charge against him is for stealing
a purve containing $11 and some valuable
papers from Mrs. I ><-11m L. Ford, :i;*2
Golden Gate avenue, about a week a^o.
Prof. G. R. Puckett.
The Battle of Manila, a now and
original nprure of the cotillon, will be
produced by Professor G. R. Puokett
on Friday evening next, May 12, at
Mission Opera Hall, Mission street, be
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
Told to Cut His Throat.
j<ihn Paalson, a demented young man,
cut his throat, severing his windpipe, in
his room, 860 Howard street, yesterday
morning. He was takon to thp Receiving
Hospital, where the wound w;is stitched
and dressed. Paulson said "tho spirits"
told him to cut his throat and that was
why he did it. He will ho sent to the City
and County Hospital till ho recovers and
then he will be taken before the Insanity
Commissioners.
Dr. Sarsfield's anti-inflammation solve
is a positive cure for hip disease, white
swelling:, sprains, burns, croup, sore
throat, etc. All druggists. •
GROEZINGER COMES TO
THE GAMBLERS' AID
Declares the Anti-Bookmaking Ordi=
nance to Be Illegal.
City Authorities View the Decision as a Preposterous
Joke That Will Not Be Seriously Considered.
Mayor Phelan's Opinion.
JUSTrCE OF THE PEACE GOTT
LOR C. GHOEZINGER has decid
ed that the municipal ordinance
prohibiting pnolselling and bouk-
making on horseracing and dog
racing is unconstitutional. The deci
sion of Justice of tho Peace Groezinger
is viewed by public officials— judicial,
police and executive — with condemna
tion and laughter. The extraordinary
act of the Justice is looked upon more
as a preposterous joke than otherwise
and the general opinion is that no se
rious evil will result to the community
from the absurd court proceedings of
yesterday afternoon. The affair reaches
such a height of absurdity as to mean
that Groezinger, by his "decision." has
declared illegal and unconstitutional
every ordinance adopted by the Super
visors of San Francisco in the last
twenty years.
The ordinance prohibiting poolseliintc
and bookmaking became a law by iden
tically the same process as have all the
other municipal ordinances adopted in
this city in two decades. These ordi
nances have the approving stamn of
the Superior Court and of the Supreme
Court of the State, which tribunals
Justice of the Peace Groezinger calmly
reverses. The shrewdest and ablest
lawyers of California have exercised
every ingenuity and artifice of their
craft to destroy these ordinances, but
failure met every effort.
It should be understood that Justice
of the Peace Groezinger has not de
clared the anti-bookmaking ordinance
unconstitutional on the ground that it
abridges or violates any constitutional
rights of individuals or corporations.
nor that the Supervisors have arro
gated an authority not granted by th ■
laws of the city and State. These prob
lems Groestinger has not ventured to
discuss. He simply decided that the
prohibiting ordinance was not adorn,- l
under a certain prescribed form and is
therefore unconstituional.
Yet the prohibitory ordinance was
adopted in precisely the same way as
all others which have stood every legal
test There is consequently no concern
in the minds of the local authorities
over the result of Justice Groezinger's
action. The bookmakers of Ingleside
will not resume their nefarious busi
ness and the poolrooms will not re
open. The absurdity of Groeiinger'a
assumption may be seen further in the
fact that the court in which he tem
porarily presides is not a court of rec
ord, and possesses no jurisdiction to
test the constitutionality of a munici
pal ordinance. In addition to this
Groezinger is simply an acting Police
Judge temporarily clothed with the
authority of such an official.
The incident which excited Justice
Groezinger's decision yesterday after
noon was the second trial of H. L.
Jones, one of the gamblers of Ingle
side. Jones" attorney contended that
the records of the adoption of the anti
bookmaking ordinance by the Super
visors do not conform to the provisions
named in the consolidation act, and,
further than that, they have been mu
tilated. It is hardly necessary to say
more in answer to these contentions
than that John A. Russell, clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, and not only tin
greatest looal authority but acknowl
edgedly the greatest authority in mu
nicipal affairs In the United states.
made the records and stands ready to
establish their absolute conformity to
the law.
Hut Justice of the Peace Groesinger
listened to the bookmakers lawyer, re
fused positively to give the prose
cut ing attorney time to reply and out
of hand declined the anti-bookmaking
ordinance unconstitutional. Having
done that he at once ordered the jury
to acquit the defendant. The gambit r'fl
attorney, jubilant over his ready and
easily won success, asked Groezinger
to dismiss the charges against the
other defendants similarly accused.
The Justice pondered, hesitated and
then took the matter under advise
ment, He was not ready to accept his
own decision.
There wii.s a genuine surprise in store
for the people who crowded Groezin-
Ker's courtroom yesterday afternoon to
hear the second trial of the case of H.
L. Jones.
The acting Judge took upon himself,
as indicated, the responsibility of de
claring that the ordinance is unconsti
tutional on a technicality and ordering
the jury to bring in a verdict of ac
quittal, against the protests of Prose
cuting Attorney Carpenter and al
though Groezinger knew that Judge
Murasky has the same points under
advisement.
The jury had been selected Saturday
afternoon, and when the case was called
yesterday afternoon M. J. Boh&nnon,
one of the jurors, did not appear. After
waiting for half an hour both sides
agreed to try the case with the eleven
jurors. Attorney Ach at once, for the
defendant, moved for a dismissal, as
the complaint was defective, inasmuch
as it did not state a public offense. The
motion was denied.
Clerk Russell of the Board of Super
visors was the first witness called to
the stand. He identified a copy of the
ordinance passed by the board, and
against Ach's objection it was admit
ted as evidence. He produced the min
ute books of the board and read the
minutes referring to the introduction
and passage of the ordinance on March
6 and' l3.
In cross-examination by Attorney
Ach, Clerk Russell admitted that he
had considered the suggestions or ob
jections of Ach before Judge Murasky
well taken and he had made certain
alterations in the minutes since April
25. Ach submitted extracts of the min
utes of the meetings of March 6 and
IS and Clerk Russell left the stand.
Attorney Ach at once moved that the
case be dismissed on the broad ground
that there is legally no ordinance.
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter sug
gested that the jury be asked to retire
during the argument, and it was so or
dered. Ach then took the ground that
under the consolidation act the minutea
of the Board of Supervisors must show
that there was a regular meeting: that
there was or was not a quorum present;
that when a resolution Is passed the
ayes and noea must be given, and that
the fact that a resolution was ordered
to be published should be stated; but
in the minutes of March 6 and 13 all
these essential things were lacking. The
alterations were made, as acknowl
edged by Clerk Russell, after hearing
lii.s (Ach's) objections before Judge
Murasky and long after the defendant
was arrested. The fact of pasting a
clipping from a newspaper on the min
utes giving the ayes and noes was of
no account. He spoke for an hour and
Quoted authorities from many States
in the Union to support his argument
that legally, owing to the manner in
which the minutes were written up,
there was no ordinance.
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter re
ferred to the fact that Clerk Russell
had a system of keeping three minute
books, and out of the three all the re
quirements would be found, t
"< 'all in the Jury," said the Judge. As
soon as the jurors had taken their seats
the Jii'lgL' continued: "I am satisfied
that the order is unconstitutional, as it
was not properly passed, and as the
minutes hav< be< □ mutilated since the
defendant's arrest 1 shall instruct the
jury lo retire and bring in a verdict of
acquittal."
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter and
Captain Wlttman, who was seated be
side him, looked at each other in amaze
ment. Carpenter slowly rose to his
feet and said: "This is a complete sur
prise to me and I would ask for time
to prepare my' argument in reply to
my learned friend."
"You must do it now," retorted the
Judge. "I am satisfied that Attorney
Ach's arguments are right, and I again
Instruct the jury to retire and bring in
a verdict of acquittal."
The jury retired and returned in a
minute, the foreman saying that, as
instructed by the Judge, they would
return a verdict of acquittal. They
\v» re then discharged.
"Now, your Honor," said Ach, suave
ly, "I will make a motion that the
cases of all the other defendants be dis
missed, as most of them have to go
East."
The Judge hesitated for a moment
and then said that he would reserve
his decision on the motion until to-day.
Clerk Russell was surprised and
not a little indignant when he was
informed of the action taken by Jus
tice Groezinger.
"Such a decision is preposterous,"
he said, "and is scarcely worth fur
ther comment. The minutes of the
board are complete in every respect
and show in detail every act of that
body. Not only is this true, but it
is also true that every requirement
of the consolidation act is fully com
plied with. Even if this were not so
the fact would not invalidate the or
dinance for the reason that the courts
have held time and again that the
legislative body of a municipality
need not necessax*ily follow in detail
the rules of procedure set down by
statute. This ordinance was passed
and its passage recorded in the same
manner as has marked the passage
and recording of every ordinance for
the past twenty years. The legality
of many of these ordinances has been
tested in the highest courts and have
been subjected to the earnest scruti
ny of the best legal minds in the
State, yet it has remained for a Jus
tice of the Peace to make this most
remarkable discovery. It is so re
markable that is is scarcely worth
discussing."
Mayor Phelan was inclined to
treat the matter as a joke, though he
declined to discuss it for the reason
that he was not fully advised as to
the legal aspects of the case.
"It is scarcely possible," he said,
"that the contention of Justice
Groezinger is correct, and I do not
think that any one need be concerned
about it. A Police Court is not a
court of record, and the decision of
Justice Groezinger stands for no more
than an individual opinion. I am in
formed that this question has been
passed upon by the highest courts in
the State and that it has been held
that an ordinance may not be de
clared invalid on such grounds as are
alleged by Justice Groezinger as a
basis for his most remarkable de
cision."
The members of the Board of Su
pervisors generally take the same
view of the case as does the Mayor.
They say that if the race track or
dinance is not a law then the city
has no laws. Supervisor Byington ex
pressed the common mind when he
said: "The courts will hold the or
dinance to be valid, Justice Groezin
ger to tne contrary notwithstanding.
Even in the improbable event that
they should not we cata pass another
ordinance that will be valid, and we
will do so if such action becomes nec
essary. There need be no apprehen
sion on the score of Justice Groezin
ger's action."
The minutes of the Hoard of Super
visors show for themselves the frail
foundation upon which the Justice of
the Peace bases his decision. These
minutes indicate with absolute clear
ness the purpose of the Supervisors
and the legality of their action in con
nection with gambling, and nothing
else is required. The first minutes in
reference to the meeting of March 6
when the ordinance was passed to
print, are as follows:
Extracts from the minutes of the Board
•if Supervisors of the meeting of March
6, 1599 page 31. bonk 62 of the minutes of
the Board of Supervisors):
Supervisor Perrault submitted an order
to prohibit pool selling, bookmaking or
betting on races or other contests be
tween horses on racetracks, or elsewhere
Supervisor Phelpa moved tor its refer
ence to the Committee on Health and Po
lice.
Supervisor Ferrault moved as an
amendment for its passage for printing.
On motion of Supervisor Phelps the or
der was amended so as to include dog
racing.
Discussed by Supervisors Perrault and
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ _^_
n °- 2 M.I. S.T. ■**
Box Sent FREE to All Sufferers.
GREATEST NERVE AND BLOOD TONIC.
THE ONLY CURE FOR RHEUMATISM.
The most powerful INVIGORANT ever produced. Permanently re-
stores mental and physical strength to those weakened by early indis-
i cretion, Imparts Youthful Vigor. Restores Vitality, Strengthens and
: Invigorates the Brain and Nerves; a positive cure for all forms of
Nervous Debility-PROMPT, SAFE and SURE.
Infallible cure for Old and Chronic Cases of Rheumatism, Gout,
Inflammation of the Bladder, Enlargement of the Prostate Gland,
Stricture, Varicocele, Bad Cases of Erysipelas, Cancer, Syphilis and
Venereal Diseases-ABSOLUTELY INFALLIBLE-SURE CURE.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. WILL CURE.
Will cure Rheumatism, no matter how long standing.
Will cure any case of inflammation of the Bladder or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter
if the patients have been for years forced to use a catheter. WILL CURE SYPHILIS I>T^.
ANY STAGE. WILL CURE ANY CASE OF DIABETES. 1 '
Will cure all cases of Impotency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vigor
and vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting.
Six bottles of M. I. S. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Stricture without local treatment.
Six boxes of M. I. S. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Varicocele.
Will cure and remove entirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above, M. I. S. T. No. 2 had cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia, Spinal Trouble and apparently Incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of sufferers.
It is prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to tJFke and abso-
lutely safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of the heart.
-wzz^^^kfs .^^^^^^^ -»«=™^^^»m» If •'" are suffering from any
l^^^^^^^V • • n i o disease you are urged to
, I V$ . , ~ write us, no m ..any doc-
ksaof |Bu»aß^y ka ™i 1 1 iMifg tors or k - -
1 ■ '^fc ~ ~ tried without relief. WE GI'ARAX-
I-fISiL Alk. f"*inißi mil t7 Xttlim ij'iitfr TEE TO CURE value of Great
-^*- •■*• s^^^^m^ -^HBHW may .lud?e of the value o r the
Specific for yourself, we will send
you one large case by mail FREE,
only asking that when cured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially
to our medical department, giving symptons.
Address M, I, S. T, Co,, Cor, Jrianis and Huron Streets. Toledo, 0.
Phelps and the order as amended passed
for printing-.
Supervisors Black and Phelps voting
no.
The minutes of the Board of Supervi
sors, in l'ass.-.i tor Printing Book No. 12,
shows the order prohibiting pool selling.
■ ■tc, as it was passed for printing (at
page 174.).
The alleged mutilation in the forego
ing and in what will follow consists in
the addition of the last paragraph to
each, identifying the minutes as those
of the Supervisors. The following are
the minutes of the meeting; of March
13, when thi- prohibitory ordinance was
adopted by the board:
Extracts from the minutes of the Board
of Supervisors of the meeting of March
13. IS>9!> (pages l'U and 102, book 62):
On motion of Supervisor Perrault the
rules were suspended for the purpose of
taking up the order prohibiting the sell
ing of pools on contests between horses
and between dogs.
The order prohibiting i»>ol selling, book
making or betting on races or other con
tests between borses "ti racetracks or be
OF" INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchar>ts. Manufac-
turers, Brokers, Importers. Wholesale Traders, Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION,
! . IN COHRESPONDINO WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
■ FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO. .' "HARDWARE.
LP HFfiFN .Manufacturer orßeUlrnjand OALACE Hardware Co., Importers and Deal-
V. T. VIvUUU, Lac© .'.Leather.- 105-107 Mis- *_ers!n hardware. 603 Market: tel.'Main 752.
lon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. " \ ' — ~ ■
—— BOILER: MAKERS. '; > ■ GDDOLD WHISKEY, LIQUORS $1 so • cage $6 00
BOILER MAKERS. GUDOLD WHISKEY, gallon $1 50 • cas« $6 00
EUREKA BOITiET? WORKS o.p.s. pony. , do./. ......52.5o: ««$lO.OO
UUJXUIVii nVLUEIIX VVUIiHO, L. CAHEN & SON. 418 Sacramento St S T.
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor. : — ——-
6pec;al AUenuon p &'- rl ..Hepa.rs and SlUp NO BETTER ON EABTH SSLe Mo^r4°
Office and Works—ll3-115 MISSION ST. • C°™"»che.OchreCo..ao3 Front, tel. Jessie 1998.
Telephone Main 5045. . - - Jk.
—— — PRINTING. ■
0a FT nn\/RI asßLiresg e.chughe$ )511 PRINTER.
If\ L UllVnl 'Market. S. F. Try I-.- W- IHJ ill! LO, s ]l Sansom* utret
I U I I" nII I U I our Special Brew — . '
Unl L lIU I HL L tMlov^t. Ll i£& STATIONER and PRINTER.
' Valises checked free. Telegraphic£> A D TTI? I Ffc C* p ■'"'* c *lv
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. ~" ; " !
J. C. WILSON & CO.. THE HICKS-JUDD CO-, SJgSSJSS-.
WOO BATTERY STREET. WAREHOUSEMEN.
— Toiephon. Main ISM. THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
COPPERSMITH. Fo- - Agents and Public Weighers. C •
J(l«fph FOX ' Suit " ; H 'BI yth Mirr ,«ral Storage.. Free and Grain Warehouse*. On-
JOSEPH FOX. Supc .H. ELTTH. Mirr. fnl offl(;e «0. California.st. TeL Main 1911.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumnine. Steamboat —— . ; • : ■ '■
and Ship Work a 1 Specialty, 16 and 18' . -•. . . WATCHES, ETC.
Washington St ) Telephone. Main 5641. _ |jiV||Y .^aUquarters for fln« Jewelry aaa
— ; : — : 1« LUfllJl*- ---k. Weddinc Rin«». t >>l sl
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE). ; '■— —— •
RFniNRTfIN Ri Pfl Secondas d, Steven- white ash steam coal.
nCUmUIUII 06 UUi son Sts. TeL Main 4 Klaed by th»
cnt,cu ,vr^ v;«i T MB.T, BI^ACK PIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at {•«
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.  GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
IIC ITAVEC t-hippln X Butchers. IMC. fft I* the Best Coal In the Market.
JAj- tUIC3, ciay. T«l. Main U»4.a I'll, Otic, and Yard*—iSO Main SumL
•
: Painless Dentistry,
-7^ ASsT^T **WlltlWilJl
iagy^'T'lUSSV .. „ . _,
CvoV J#m?b3J»^ SEE OIJK NEW
H l?AKpis£s»»sw/
VSrijVTri'JfS^S'W lr,< ■* /y 1 -i
HMikiMK ILlrvr»l-(l I t\-t*r\l\
H4TItT nTa rlcSll =L<f iHH Cl
M tiallH VtJ ¥UIVI V**
BfkSßmk HI B' f)l I.
w^al Plates.
'W\.- w Cannot be detected from
■Ssk H3F the natural teeth and gum.
M*m V thin and stronger than
'•'.■-'© -'- ■-'■ . . rubber.
Crowns. $3.50. Plates. *5. Filling. 50c.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
i?4li 2* sixth st,. Cop. Stevenson.
tween dogs on coursing tracks, or else
where, was taken up and read by the
clerk.
Supervisor Aigeltinger moved for Its
final passage.
Supervisor Black moved that Mr. Green
be heard.
Supervisor Pcrrault moved that the
time for hearing be limited to five min
utes each.
Discussed by Supervisors Lackmann
and Aigeltinger.
Supervisor Perrault withdrew his mo
tion, and Mr. Green on behalf of the Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club was heard.
The question on final passage was taken
and carried and the order numbered 174.
Supervisor Black voting no. Supervisor A
Kalben being excused from voting. . ■
Supervisor Perrault moved thai the \m<
der be at once submitted to his Honor^
the Mayor for his signature, which mo
tion was carried. . • ,
• Thereupon the order as passed was sub
mitted to and approved by his Honor the
Mayor.
The minutes of the Board of Supervi
sors, in Order Book No. 10, page 45, shows
the order prohibiting pool selling, etc, as
finally passed and approved by his Honor
the Mayor.
on mcnulti
q IIIIS w ELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i Specialisi-cjor* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dls-
eii.ses OV M"ii«;.-;ii. ::,..., on Private Diseases and
UVaknesses »f Men.free. Over2oy'rs 1 experience.
PHttentsciirediit Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3dally:43otoB:3o ev'gs. Sundays. »otoi2. Consul.
tationfi-ecan.l:sncredlv i:ciili(le:itinl. Call.oraildres*
P. BfOIic6E2Ic!BUIiTT. M.D.
2G': Jioarny St.. Man Francisco. €al.
— —
Weak Men and Women
wiiiwu
<i.itiUL.l> I>K UAMIA.NA ; ;il i; !:< THE
*-* great Mexican remedy: gives health mi
strength to sexual oreans. Depot. .'.'3 Market
— * MarKct.
W^vi^ Poll (I>l ™ V
Weekly tall, $1 per Year.