VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 64.
HIS PRISON COT
A FUNERAL PYRE
ANTHONY BUROIiE, desperate
and demented, has made good
his threat to end his life. He
chose a horrible and unlooked
for mode. of death. He was
confined in the County Jail awaiting
transportation to the- penitentiary,
and notwithstanding that he was
being guarded by two other pris
oners in the same cell with him he
succeeded in setting fire to the mat
tress of his bed yesterday and roast
ing himself to death. His cell
mates in attempting to extinguish
the flames were severely injured.
Burgle was a. caterer and kept a
restaurant in the business part of
the city. Sigmund L. Braverman,
a wholesale Jeweler, was his land
lord, and had him ejected from the
premises for not paying his rent.
Fired with the desire to be re
venged he loaded his revolver and
proceeded to Braverman's office, at
121 Post street, on July 4, 1897, and
opened fire upon Braverman.
Braverman was also armed and re
turned the fire, .planting four bul
letfl in Burgles body, himself es
caping without injury. Both men
were arrested for assault to murder,
but Braverman proved that Burgle
had made threats against his life
BURNS GIVES HIMSELF
THE HOLLOW JOLLY
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. I.— To show how readily
the Burna men" grasp at everything
that turns up and claim everything the
fact is cited that when Wright was dis
graced and practically ckposed from
the Speakership and Mr. Anderson was
elected to preside over the Assembly,
they immediately claimed that they se
( ured the election of the latter. Again.
when Wright was to be placed on com
mittee, the touts boasted that Ander-
Bon would appoint the ex-Speaker to
the chairmanship <>f the Committee on
Corporatibns. When the emptiness of
the boast was exposed and Mr. Raub
named as the chairman of that comm
The San Francisco Call.
and was the aggressor. The charge
against Braverman was dismissed,
but Burgle was convicted .and sen
tenced to seven years' imprisonment
in the penitentiary.
Pending an appeal to, the Supreme
Court he was confined in the County
Jail.. A short time ago.thu court
decided adversely against him, but
the jail officials kept it a secret from
Burgle, fearing that he would make
an attempt upon his life. On July
3 of last year Burgle hanged himself
to the wicket of his cell with a rope
made of a bed sheet cut into strips,
but he was cut down by jail officials
before life became extinct. Since
that time Henry Bacon, accused of
arson, and J. H. Cummings, ac
cused of obtaining money by false
pretenses, had been placed with
Burgle in cell 32 in the upper tier,
to watch any attempt he might
make to do away with himself.
Between 5 and 5:15 o'clock yester
day morning Deputy Sheriff James
Phillips, in making the rounds of
the jail, passed Burgles cell. There
were three beds in the cell, one on
each side and one. against- the rear
wall, the latter being "occupied by
Burgle. As Phillips passed the cell
all was quiet, but trai next moment
ittee the claim was at once set up
that Raub was appointed according to
Burns' programme. ,
The cold fact is that Speaker Ander
son made no programme with or prom
ise to the Burns following. He appoint
ed Raub on his own motion, without
consulting the wishes of the touts -on
or off the floor of the Assembly. This
is but another. evidence of the desper
ate straits into which the Burns follow
ers are driven. Burns has even
Reached the limit of deceiving- his own
touts. This thing of looking wise is
played to a finish. Not being able to
deceive others. Burns is now trying to
deceive himself.
Bulla Men Confident.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- |
MENTO, Feb. I.— The Btilla men feel j
confident that there will be no change in
the Senatorial situation between now and I
THE STORY OF FOUR LITTLE PICS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1899.
he was startled by a scream, and
running to the wicket he saw Burgle
and his bed wrapped in; -flames and
Bacon and Cummings trying to put
out the fire.
Phillips unlocked the door and as
sisted Bacon and Cummings in
hustling the burning man into the
corridor. Then he gave the fire
alarm and the flames were extin
guished with a few buckets of
water.
Dr. Hereford the City Physician,
was telephoned for, but Burgle had
died within fifteen minutes after
the accident. The two prisoners
were severely burned about the
hands and face, but they will re
cover.
Burgles body was taken to the.
Morgue and an inquest will be held.
Last Tuesday evening Burgle sent
for- a priest and was visited by. one
of .the fathers from St. Francis..
Church, and to him the prisoner
made his confession. He gave no
intimation at that time or after that
he would commit suicide. He had
been kept in' the County Jail pend
ing the arrival of papers from the V
Supreme Court consigning him to
the State Prison.
He was a native of Alsace, ~
France, and 50 years old.
Tuesday next. Their confidence is shown
by the departure of Judge J. W. AlcKin
lay and E. A. Meserve, Bulla's mana
gers, for Los Angeles last evening. Be
fore departing both gentlemen expressed
themselves as confident that there would
be no break in the Grant or Burns forces
before next Tuesday at the earliest,
i Therefore they felt perfectly safe in leav
ing; the field of action until that time.
I Bradner W. Lee, the chairman of the Re-
I publican committee of Los 'Angeles Coun-
I ty, arrived to-night to attend a meeting
of the Board of Library Trustees, 'of
! which he is a member. He is also a firm
; suporter of Bulla.
State Printing Office Inspected.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. I.— The Assembly Commit
tee on Printing met this afternoon and
inspected the State Printing Office. It was
favorably impressed with the way the
work was conducted and will make its re
port to-morrow.
BURNS' DESPERATE STRAITS
HERRIN HAS HIS
TOWLINE OUT
FOR MERCHANTS
Corporation Influence Being Exerted in a
Final Roundup.
TRYING HARD TO POLL CLARK OVER
0. A. Hale of San Jose Has Now Joined the Army of the
Mexican and Is Doing His Share of the
Wirepulling Among Legislators.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. I.— W. F. Herrin
of the Southern Pacific R lilroad
gives a slight degree of attention
to the company's law business,
but devotes his time chiefly to peddling
railroad tickets for political bosses. He
is now active in a long pull and a last
pull to line up every man within the
reach of the corporation's influence to
sustain the failing fortunes of
Burns as a candidate for the Senate.
The last reach is for big merchants and
iieavy shippers.
■ On the scene to-night appears O. A.
Hale' of San Jose, a well-known busi
ness man and " prominent citizen of
Santa Clara County. With him is a.
large delegation interested in the ' hris
itkm which he has at heart. A few days
before : the Legislature ratt Mr. Hale
professed the ' highest, admiration " for
the . Senatorial qualities j possessed by
General , Barnes, but. now admits that
he v ?vvbald vote- for D. M. Burns if he had
a vote in the Legislature. Not , ; having
a vote the latest recruit in Dan's army
•is turning his attention •to ' Assembly
man Clark, who hails from the Moun
tain View District of Santa Clara
County. - Clark has been voting for U.
S. Grant since the balloting began, but
his presence in the Burns camp is most
earnestly desired. Ordinary methods of.
persuasion have failed to convince him
that a change of base from Grant to
Burns would be advisable. The touts
pulled and pulled at the Mountain View
lawmaker, but to no avail. Herrin was
requested to get in and do some pulling
and hauling, -hence the presence of the
big delegation from Santa Clara, headed
by Hale.
Hale admits that he had an interview
with Clark this afternoon and urged
the Assemblyman to use his best ef
forts to break the deadlock. "I did not
ask Mr. Clark to vote for Dan Burns,"
said Mr. Hale, '"but I told him that the
people desired that the deadlock should
be broken and a Senator elected."
Five or six times Mr. Hale was asked
concerning his own preferences for
United States Senator, and the clever
manner in which he diverted the dis
cussion to another current of talk
would have been creditable to a dip
lomat. Finally, when all the talk was
gone over and over again concerning
the desirability of electing a Senator at
this session, Mr. Hale, responding to
the previous question, said: "If I were
in the Legislature I would vote for Dan
Burns."
There is no question, therefpre, con
cerning Mr. Hale's preference. While
he did not in so many words ask As
semblyman Clark to vote for Burns, he
suggested that he should vote for some
other candidate than Grant in order to
break the deadlock, and also suggested
the caucus method of settling the ques
tion of the Senatorship. Every one
familiar with the situation here knows
that Burns' last, lingering chance of
success lies in a dark lantern caucus.
The pressure of county committees and
all the force that can be exerted by a
rally of touts bear on this point.
The spectacle of Hale as a tout for
Dan Burns is presented to the people
of Santa 1 Clara County. Had a single
member of the Santa Clara delegation
expressed before . the election a pur
pose to vote for Burns an overwhelm
ing vote would have been cast against
him. A few of the politicians of San
Jose are for Burns, but Mr. Hale knows
quite well that the great majority of
people of Santa Clara County and a
large percentage of the citizens repre
sented by Assemblyman Clark would
regard Burijs' election to the Senate as
disgraceful and disastrous.
Hale is here ostensibly in the interest
o* legislation favorable to the Agnews
Asylum. He does not say that the Sen
atorshlp cuts any figure in regard to the
proposed legislation bearing on public
institutions, but the hint is thrown out
that opposition to Burns might imperil
the allowances to the institution. There
has been a good deal of wild and boast
ful talk about the State patronage
which is to be distributed to the friends
of the colonel a«id the smooth sailing
in the Legislature which will be given
to measures introduced by the friends
of the "organization."
Members of the Legislature will stand
threats of this nature to a certain limit,
WARNING TO THE HONEST
CITIZENS OF CALIFORNIA.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. 1 — So far as the candidacy
of D. M. Burns is concerned, the Senatorial situation in Sacramento has
reached a point where it is necessary that the citizens of California should be
given warning of what is being done to besmirch the fair fame of the State
and circumvent the wishes a! the majority of her people.
Thousands of dollars are being spent to send men to every county in the
State for the purpose of inducing county central committees to pass resolu
tions instructing individual members of the Legislature to either vote for
Burns or go into caucus.
femissaries of the Southern Pacific Company and of certain members of
the Republican State Central Committee have been sent far and wide with
instructions to use the threat of discrimination in freight rates and discrimi
nation in the distribution of State patronage to force men to come to Sacra
mento and seek to pull down hoiiest legislators who have been voting as
their consciences dictated and as the majority of the voters of their districts
desire them to vote.
As a consequence, the streets, the lobbies and the corridors of the
° Capitol are thronged with a certain class o? men who are seeking to debauch
<> the legislators and to make rascals of honest men. Never before in the his
e tory of California have such shpmeul scenes been witnessed during the
etection of a United States Senator. Honest men throughout the State
• should do what is possible for Uiem to do to save their representatives in
• the Legislature from yielding to threats and temptation, and thus save them
• and the State from lasting disgrace.
©-•-•-•- •- • - •-•-•-•-•- •-•-©-© ©-©-•- •-•-•-• -•-•-•- ©- • - ©-©-© © ©
HON. C. G. RAUB.
The New Chairman of the Committee on
Corporations.
but when the limit is reached they will
turn about and give the Burns men a
dose of the same medicine. Burns can
iline up twenty-four men to support or
oppose any measure of legislation, but
if he should attempt to use that force
to punish members who did not support
him for, Senator he would soon find a
solid organization in the Assembly that
PEICE FIVE CENTS.
would set at defiance Dibble and his
much-talkod-of committee on rules.
There is no occasion for alarm in
Hale's mind concerning: the allowances
for the Agnews Asylum. The Legisla
ture, regardless of politics, will attend
to the support trf public institutions. It
is best to brush away all dust and rub
bish and not attempt to deceive any2
INCIDENTS OF THE DAY AT SACRAMENTO.
ANOTHER VOTE,
BUT NO SLUMP
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. I.— The thirty
seventh and thirty-eighth ballots have resulted In no change and the
Burns touts have dammed the flow of wine that flowed in anticipation
of the general break that was to follow the Investigation report.
The committee that left to-day for San Francisco to attend the funeral
of Senator Boggs reduced the total of vote? cast.butthere was nary slump.
The first ballot taken gave the leaders 2:2 and 19. Grant, of course, lead
ing. Grant's extra vote was the result of an unpaired absentee and on
the second ballot the mistake was rectified and he got but 21.
The vote was as follows:
BARNES 10
ESTEE 1
BULLA 13
BURNS 19
FELTON 1
GRANT 21
SCOTT 2
DE VRIES 1
ROPENFELD 2
BARD 2
WHITE 28
one. Hale is here tn help Burns to en
gineer a secret caucus. Herrin wants
Xho caucus, and Hale is dancing to the
wires pulled In the yellow building.
Take him all in all. Hole is the most
respectable tout that the Colonel has
yet introduced on the scene, but that
is not saying that he is the most influ
ential. The Grant men saw what was
P' ing on at first glance and immediate
ly began the work of counteracting the
Influence of Herrin's mercantile agen-
All of the influence that Burns and
Herrin may bring to bear on Assembly
man Clark will never serve to bring
him into the Burns camp.
"I intend to stay with Grant so long
as he is in the fight," he sajd to-night,
"and no one can change my purpose.
Should Grant draw out of the contest,
or if the future should bring about con
ditions such as in my opinion would
make it impossible for him to win, then
I would vote for the man who would
be most acceptable to my constituents.
"I know that but very few men in
my district favor the candidacy of Dan
Burns. I have received scores of let
ters and telegrams from men who live
in both the commercial and agricultur
al sections of my district, but not one
of them ever contained a request for
me to support Burns. As a matter of
fact, I know that the great majority
of my people are opposed to his candi
dacy. I shall never vote for a man who
does not represent the choice *of the
majority of my constituents, and. no
amount of persuasion will serve to
change my mind in this respect."
Other members of the San Jose polit
ical delegation who joined with Hale
in trying to force Mr. Clark into the
Burns camp wer.e ex-Mayor Koch. Paul
P. Austin, Al Fage and Sam Rucker. a
Democrat.
Mr. Herrin will have to throw his line
in other waters, for there are no fish
for him in the Mountain View district.
Being in desperate straits, he has re
sorted to desperate remedies, but
though he has taken off the mask and
come out in the open, he appears as a
bogie man who is terrible only to chil
dren.
The day for the grand round up of
the Burns forces to show the railroad
that the colonel is not yet a "dead one"
has been postponed until Monday of
next week. Last Saturday the touts
boasted in San Francisco that the
"colonel" could be elected on Wednes
day. Subsequently the date was post
poned until Friday. Now comes - the
third announcement that the touts will
parade their reserved forces next Mon
day.
In spite of many precautions, secrets
Will leak frotn the yellow building. The
story told on the inside is that the
"colonel" must make a showing this
■week, and that if he cannot produce
Borne substantial evidence of increased
strength the assembly in New York
representing the Searle, Stanford,
Crocker and Huntington interests in
the Southern Pacific Company will pro
ceed to designate a new candidate. The
assembly will have its first meeting to
morrow. Russell Wilson, representing
one of the interests, is due to arrive
in New York to-night. Herrin will be
advised as to the man who may be se
lected to take Burns' plaoe as the rail
road candidate for United States Sena
tor from California.
The representatives of the corpora
tion are said to be willing to make a
reasonable struggle to carry out the
•wishes of Herrin, but they are not
ready to consent to a prolongation of
the deadlock. Phil Crimmins and Mar
tin Kelly, who control four members of
the San Francisco delegation in the
Legislature, have scented the coming
deal and want to be near the yellow
building when the first intimation of
the impending change of base comes
from Now York. They went to San
Francisco to-day to get instructions
and advice as to the deadlock.
Some intelligence concerning: the
plans In New York must have reached
the Grant headquarters here by wire.
The upholding of Assemblyman Clark
against the efforts of the Santa Clara
delegation is not a victory of sufficient
magnitude to cause the elation which
exists among the followers of Grant
to-night. The feeling of joy is pro
durf-d by some information of another
character.
The tout? are still claiming the sup
port of members of the Legislature who
cannot under any circumstances be
persuaded, coerced or entranced into
the support of Burns or his caucus
Fcheme. Th<- belief that Burns cannot
win out was never so widespread as it
1p to-night. Even th<; touts, talking in
confidence 'among themselves, express
thf> opinion that the colonel cannot suc
ceed.
For a State Circulating Library.
'AIT. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. I.— An jitetmpt was made
in the Senate this afternoon to make the
State Library a kind of circulating
library.
ppr.a;r, r Trout's bill cam" up on second
reading. Th<- present law provides that
the State Library Trustees shall be elect
ed by the Legislature in joint session.
Senator Trout's bill amends that clause in
this way:
"The State Library is under the control
of a board of trustees, consisting of live
members, holding their offices for the
term of four years, and' appointed by the
Governor in the following manner, to
■wit: Three trustees shall be. appointed
for the full term of four years and from
and after the 6th day of April. 1902- and
two trustee? shall be appointed for the
t»rm of two years from and after said
date. After expiration of the terms of
office of the trustees appointed as abovr
provided, their successors shall there
after be appointed for the full term of
four years. Appointments to tiil vacan
cies caused by death, resignation or re
moval shall be for the unexpired term
only. Nothfng herein shall be con
etrued to interfere with the terms of of
fice of the present members of said
board."
The only fight over the bill was as to
one clause denning the powers and duties
of the board. This clause included a
provision for the loaning of books with
such guarantee for their safe return as
the board may deem proper. ■ The adop
tion of this clause would have the ef
fect of making the State Library a cir
culating library in that a resident of
Siskiyou or San Diego could borrow books
and if any citizen came here to search
authorities those books might be out on
loan at either end of the State.
Senator Bulla and Senator Simpson
strongly favored retaining the clause in
the bill, but it was eliminated by a vote
of 10 to 6. Senator Simpson gave notice
that he would make a motion to recon
sider the vote and it was then advanced
to third reading.
RICHARD'S ELECTION
BILL DOCTORED UP
Not Enough Left of the Original
to Give Its Owner a
Claim.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. I.— Not enough is left of
Assemblyman Rickard's general election
law bill for its author to identify. The
combined Election Law Committees of the
Assembly and Senate got to work on it
this afternoon and after an hour's clever
surgical work pared it down to a fair
resemblance to the Australian ballot sys
tem, and in its reduced state it may
eventually be reported back as a part of
an omnibus election law bill that is at
present contemplated.
Rlckard's original bill was decidedly a
unique effort in the line of law-making.
In a number of its clauses it was not
radically different from the present law;
it made the usual requirements of the
voter as to age and citizenship, but re
quired nothing more of him. It outlined
nothing unusual in the way of registra
tion. It provided for precinct books with
the names and registration affidavits of
voters catalogued and ready for public
inspection twenty days before election,
ana it required that no matter when the
sun rose or set the ballot box should be
opened at 6 in the morning and close at
5 In the afternoon.
These things were all right enough, but
the bill attempted innovations, and it was
at the innovations that the committee
balked. It was assisted in its objections
by Carl Spelling, Max Popper, Dan
Leary and William Hinton. who snoozed
through a term as Registrar of the city
and county of San Francisco, and other
purists. The first exception taken was to
Mr. Rickard's plan of designating on bal-,
lots the party affiliation of nominees and
to inaugurate the system of branding
each party with some insignia or artistic
emblem. Specifically this clause was as
follows:
"When a party nomination is made by
a State convention of a' candidate or can
didates to be voted for by the electors of
the entire State it shall* be the duty of
such convention to select some simple
device or emblem to designate and dis
tinguish the candidate's political party
making such nomination or nominations.
Such device or emblem shall be shown by
a representation thereof upon a certificate
signed and duly executed by the chair
man and secretary of said convention,
which certificate shall be tiled with the
Secretary of State, and such device or
emblem, when so filed, shall in no case be
used by any other party or independent
body. When an independent body shall
make a like nomination, as provided by
section 1188, it shall be the duty of the.
person who shall sign and execute the
certificate of nomination of such candi
date or candidates to likewise select some
simple device or emblem to designate and
distinguish the candidate of such inde
pendent body making such nomination "
One party might not use the emblem
of another, and in cases of independent
nominations the independent candidate
was required to have a little party em
blem of his own which no one else" could
use. Three thousand words were given
over t6 the regulation of that important
matter, and after reading it through and
discussing it the combined committees
ordered it cut out in its entirety
T . n ? second objection was to the' change
which Rlokard's plan would effect in the
ballot itself. He required that the Sec
retary of State should decide upon some
design, which would be water-marked in
the paper upon which the ballots were to
be printed, the design to be kept secret
until the day of election. The ballots
were to be of a size sufficient to accom
modate the names of party nominees and
Independent bodies, and a blank column
in which voters might write the name
of any choice not printed on the ticket
At the head of v..c party columns was to
appear the party device spoken of and
also a circle in which the voter should
stamp one cross if he wished to vote the
straight party ticket.
It was the ticket system to which the
greatest objection was made by those who
appeared before the committee this af
ternoon, and after a good .deal of argu
ment a vote was taken <>n both clauses
and they were ordered stricken out ov a
vote of 6 to 2.
The bill was referred to a special com
mittee of threp members, to which As
semblymen Bolshaw and Rickard and
Senator Stratton were appointed They
will put the bill through the necessary
revision and send it back to the commit
tee to become a part of the omnibus will
that is projected, or go before the Senate
and Assembly as amended.
DIBBLE HITS AT
POLITICAL ADVERTISING
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 1.-Assemblyman Dibble
stated this evening at the meeting of the
Assembly Judiciary Committee that he
would not only vote for any purity of
election law that would include the mak
ing it a felony for- any newspaper to
solicit advertisements from candidates for
office at the time of election, but would
stand on the floor of the Assembly and
advocate it. and if such a bill did not
come before the Assembly he would form
ulate one. He denounced the practice in
good round terms.
The matter came before the committee
through a bill introduced by Caminetti
which condemns the practice of candi
dates for office treating, buying or giving
cigars, intoxicating liquors or temperance
drinks to any person at the time of elec
tion, and provides for a punishment of
the same. When the matter came up As
semblyman Dibble was very effusive in
his arguments in favor of having it
amended so as to include newspaper peo
ple also in regard to soliciting advertise
ments, t'aminetti immediately arose to
his fret and stated that if such a clause
was included It would certainly kill his
bill, and asked that it be not included.
The committee reported favorably upon
the bill without Dibble's amendment.
Bill 340 was also taken up and reported
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1899.
back with a favorable recommendation.
It provides for the payment of interest
on the outstanding bonds of the Univers
ity of California now held in trust for the
university fund and the State school fund,
and to repeal an act making an appro
priation to reimburse the university for
moneys heretofore appropriated to the
endowment fund, which moneys have been
by mistake withheld and expended for
other State purposes. It also makes an
appropriation to pay the interest on the
said outstanding bonds and to appropriate
$16,747 50 now in the university fund and
unavailable.
HONEST REGISTRATION
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
Senator Stratton's Bill Meets
the Approval of Registrar
Biggy.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. I.— Senator Stratton to-day
introduced a bill in the Senate which
Bteeta with the approval of the Registrar
of Voters of San Franclpco. The bill 13
intended to secure an honest registration
of the voters of San Francisco for the
first municipal election under the new
charter.
T.he bill in its main features is as fol
lows:
Section 1. Except in the particulars other
wise provided for In the constitution, all mu
nicipal elections, where the same are held sep
arate from general State elections, and all
elections held under the authority of section 8,
of article XI of the constitution, to elect boards
of freeholders, or to vote upon proposed char
ters or upon amendments to existing charters,
shall be conducted under the provisions of this
act.
Sec. 2. The boards of municipalities charged
with the conduct and carrying on of elect lens
may district and subdivide the municipalities
into municipal election precincts, for the hold
ing of the elections mentioned in section 1
GROVE-" Good, Polly Works; You've Learned All but the Pitch of My Voice."
of this act, and change and alter such pre
cincts and redlstrict the municipality for such
elections as often as occasion may require.
Sec. 3. In establishing such municipal elec
tion precincts, said board may consolidate the
precincts which existed for the holding of the
last preceding general State election to a num
ber not exceeding six for each municipal elec
tion precinct, and shall number the municipal
election precincts so established consecutively,
and each precinct as established shall be known
as "Municipal Election Precinct Number — ."
Section 4. AH persons shall be entitled to
vote at the elections mentioned in section 1
who come within the terms or comply with
the requirements of this act.
Sec. 6. Every person who vac a qualified
elector at the general State election Imme
diately preceding the holding of any of the
elections mentioned in section 1 of this act,
and who was upon the great register of the
county, or city and county, where any such
municipality Is situated, as a qualified elector
of any one of the precincts which compose a
municipal election precinct, and who continues
to re6i<ie within the exterior boundaries of such
municipal election precinct until the time of
the holding of the election herein provided for,
shall be entitled to vote at said election with
out other or additional registration.
Sec. t>. All other persons claiming to" be en
titled to vote at any 'of the elections provided
for In thin act must be registered upon the
great register of the county, or city and county,
within which such municipality is situated
as an elector of and within one of the pre
cincts which compose the municipal election
precinct wherein he claims tn be entitled to
vote. Such registration must take place at
least fifteen days prior to the election; and it
shall be the duty of the County Clerk of the
county, or city and county, within which such
municipality is situated, and in those counties
or cities and counties wherein the County Clerk
Is not the officer charged with the duty of
registering the voters, then of the officer so
charged, to keep his office open for thirty days
prior to the fifteenth day preceding any such
election for th" registration of voters who may
desire to vote at such election.
Sec. 7. The boards of municipalities charged
with the conduct of elections shall appoint a
board of election for each municipal election
precinct, to consist of fwo Inspectors, two
Judges, two clerks and two ballot clerks, who
shall apportion among themselves the work
and labor required to conduct such election
within their respective municipal election pre
cincts. But one poll list need be kept, and
but one register. These shall be returned to
the proper officers as a part of the official re
turns.
Sec. 8. The great register used in each mu
nicipal election precinct shall consist of a copy
of tjve great register of the county, or city and
county, used at the general State election im
mediately preceding the holding of the elec
tion provided for in this act in the precincts
which compose the municipal election precincts,
together with a certified supplementary list of
the persons who, by registration had since
such general State election, are entitled to vote
at any of the election? herein provided for with
in the municipal election precinct for which
f.ich certified list is prepared. Said supple
mentary list shall be certified for the use of
and delivered to the board *.r election of each
municipal election precinct ny the County Clerk
of the county, or city and county, In which
such municipality exists, and In those c/mnties,
or cities and counties, where an officer, other
than the County Clerk, ia charged with the
duty or clothed with the authority for the
registration of voters, then by "such officer. In
the event that precinct registers were used at
the last preceding general State election then
it shall be the duty of the County Clerk or
the other officer aforementioned to furnish a
copy of the precinct register of each of the
precincts which compose said municipal elec
tion precinct to the board of election for each
municipal election precinct in addition to the
supplementary list above mentioned.
Sec. 9. No person shall be entitled to vote
at any election provided for In this act unless
his name appear upon the great register or pre
cinct register as a voter within the exterior
boundaries of the municipal election precinct,
or unless his name is enrolled upon the sup
plementary list herein provided for, nor unless,
according to the constitution and laws of this
Mate, he is entitled to vote thereat.
Sec. 10. The provisions of law which would
be applicable to the elections mentioned in sec
tion 1 of this act but for the passage hereof
shall, nevertheless, control the said elections as
to the matters for which no provision is herein
contained.
Sec. 11. The act approved March 31, 1597,
entitled "An act in relation to elections held
under the authority. of section Bof article XI
of the constitution, to elect boards of freehold
ers, or to vote upon proposed charters or
amendments to existing charters," is hereby
repealed.
SHORTRIDGE TALKS FOR
PURITY IN HOMES
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. I.— Senator Shortridge of
Santa Clara to-day again came to the
forefront and center as an orator. His
concurrent resolution in reference to
polygamy was adopted by an almost
unanimous vote, after the Senator had
made an appeal for the purity of the
homee of the land. The resolution was
as follows:
Whereas, One Brigham H. Roberts has been
chosen by the voters of L'tah as a member of
the House of Representatives; and whereas,
Brigham H. Roberts has been convicted and
sentenced to prison for the crime of unlawful
cohabitation, and is notoriously living: in a
state of polysamy in defiance of the moral
sense of the nation: and whereas, Brigham H.
Roberts in his practices is but representative
of the principles of the Mormon hierarchy,
and his reception by Congress will be taken as
an evidence that the assaults of the Mormon
hierarchy on the basic principle of the family
life of the nation are received with toleration,
if not with approval; now, therefore, be it
Resolved by the Senate, the Assembly, con-
currlng, That we urge the House of Represen
tatives to deny participation In its counsels to
Brlgham H. Roberts; and further be it
Resolved, That we request Congress to sub
mit to the Legislatures of the several States
an amendment to the constitution forblddinp
polygamy within the United States, or in any
place subject to their jurisdiction, and making
a polygamfst Ineligible to public office.
HOW NEW COUNTIES
MAY BE CREATED
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. I.— Previous to the Legis
lature of 1893 nothing was easier in the
way of enactment than the creation of a
new county. All that was necessary was
the introduction of a bill, little lobbying,
and the trick was done. In 1893 the Legis
lature prepared and submitted to the peo
ple, who adopted it, a constitutional
amendment, which provided that the
Legislature should enact a general law to
govern the creation of new counties. The
amendment was adopted, but the Legis
lature never made any law, and since that
time there has been no way by which
county troubles could be settled.
Burnett of San Luis Obispo County in
troduced a bill which is designed to fill
the long felt want. It provides that coun
ties may from time to lime be formed
from parts of other counties provided that
in so doing.no county is reduced to less
than a population of 8000 or that any
county shall be created having less than
5000 population.
In order to create a new county, a peti
tion signed by 50 per cent of the qualified
electors of any district wishing to sepa
rate itself shall be laid before the Board
of Supervisors. The petition shall be ac
companied by a bond of $3000 to guarantee
the payment of all expenses of the elec
tion which shall be necessary to effect the
disunion.
The bill was referred to the Committee
on Counties and County Boundaries. The
same bill was introduced in the Senate
to-day by Senator Trout.
Dibble Wants a Lincoln Statue.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. I.— Assemblyman Dibble of
San Francisco wants to add a 150,000
statue of Abraham Lincoln to the already
large collection of marbles and bronzes
now doing duty in the metropolis.
He offered a bill in the Assembly this
morning making the necessary appropria
tion and directing that the money bo paid
to the Lincoln Monument League of San
Francisco.
Two Bills From Johnson.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. I.— Grove L. Johnson in
troduced two bills In the Assembly this
morning which provide for the appoint
ment of a chief deputy and a field deputy
to Assessors in counties of the fifth class.
The chief deputy is to receive a salary of
$1500 per annum, the field deputy $00 per
annum.
He also introduced a bill making an
appropriation of ?10,(>00 to pay the claims
of the survivors of Ida Morrill Smith.
Violet Evelyn Smith and Ida Bernice
Smith. The bill was referred to the Com
mittee on Ways and Means. Another bill
referred to the same committee makes
an appropriation of $6343 to pay the claim
of Talbot H. Wallis.
MAKING GAME OF
NEWSPAPER MEN
A Little Fan Being Poked at
Morehouse's Homicide
Bill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. I.— When the bill intro
duced in the Senate by the distin
guished representative from Santa
Clara County which defines the crime
of homicide comes up on second read
ing it will be the subject of .consid
erable debate. There will be several
amendments proposed by various Sen
ators to the proposition which is em
bodied in the bill that newspaper em
ployes, editors and reporters shall at
any and all times be recipients of any
ball,. bullet or knife which an aggrieved
person imagines .he ought to put into
their bodies. The bill also specifically
defines such an act as justifiable homi
cide.
To be brief, this paragraph or sec
tion in Senator Morehouse's bill simply
authorizes any exposed fraud, faker or
confidence operator, no matter in what
walk of life he may be operating, to
kill a newspaper man who exposes him
and thereby protects the public. He
will not, for so doing, be held amenable
to the laws.
When the bill comes up in the Senate
Senator Stratton of Alameda has an
amendment to propose that will have
a material bearing upon the bill. His
amendment will propose a closed sea
son, during which the killing of news
paper men is not authorized. This
closed season will be from August 1 to
August 121 of each year. In defense of
his amendment, Senator Stratton will
claim that there is a closed season for
all game, during which the particular
fowl or animal covered by the law is
given immunity from the hunter in or
der that during the breediner season
there will not be a useless slaughter,
and thereby the particular fowl or an
imal will be permitted to propagate the
species. Without some protection, Sen
ator Stratton believes that the news
paper men might become extinct, and
it is his opinion that they are entitled
to the ordinary protection given to
game of various kinds by the law.
It is also understood that Senator
Braunhart will propose an amendment
which will prescribe that all killing of
newspaper men, in order to be legal,
shall be done with the weapon of the
ordinary suicide — a Smith & Wesson
of 38 caliber.
It is mutually agreed by a number
of Senators that an amendment shall
be added to the bill fixing the distance
at which the murder of a newspaper
man shall be justifiable at not less than
ten paces nor more than fifty. The ob
jection of maximum limit Is to prevent
the use of cannon or long-range guns.
Amending the Law of Trespass.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. I.— A bill offered in the As
sembly this morning by Assemblyman
Griffin so amend? the trespass law that
it shall be a misdemeanor for any one
to paint or nail signs or advertisements
on any fence or tree on any property
without having first obtained the- consent
of the owner of the property. The bill
adds a new section to the original law,
which provides that the owner of any an
imals that may trespass upon the lands of
any person shall bo guilty of misde
meanor If he shall allow his stock to
again trespass after he nas been once
warned.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
drug-gists refund the money If It falls to cure.
25c. The genuine bas L. B. Q. oq e&cb tablet
HOCHHEIMER ANXIOUS
FOR A NEW ELECTION
One of Burns' Touts Wants to
Succeed Senator Boggs
at Once
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. I.— A. Hochheimer of Wil
lows, who was defeated for the State
Senate at the last general election by
John Boggs, is in this city endeavoring to
get Governor Gage to issue a proclama
tion at once calling for a special election
in his Senatorial district to fill the Boggs
vacancy. Mr. Hochheimer is a well-known
Burns tout, and has been here for sev
eral days advocating the cause of the
"colonel."
Hochheimer is the man who roared to
the State Central Committee that Henry
T. Gage's refusal to address the multitude
at Willows cost the party a great num
ber of votes in Glenn County, He wanted
the candidate for Governor to address a
howling mob in order to help the legisla
tive ticket. Now he wants the Governor
to get in at once with a proclamation
calling for a special election.
The calling of an election in the Eighth
Senatorial District might be the best
thing that could happen at this time. The
people of Mendocino, Colusa and Glenn
counties will know at the outset that
Hochheimer is a Burns man, that he will
vote for Burns for Senator arid take his
orders on all other matters from the
"organization." The people of the district
may say "Let the proclamation issue ti?at
we may have an opportunity to express
our sentiments on the Senatorial contest. "
To-day Senator Dickinson, prompted
by Jake Steppacher, introduced a resolu
tion directing that the Governor be of
ficially informed of the death of Senator
Boggs. The inference is clear that the
"organization" wants a special election to
nil the Boggs vacancy.
In speaking of the matter Mr. Hoch
heimer said: "I will not make a hard
fight for the office, as 1 did in my en
deavor for election against Mr. Boggs,
but I have made a canvass among my
friends and I feel assured of my suc
cess. If I find that my election will be
easy, why 1 am a candidate for the. of
fice, but as far as making a hard fight
is concerned, I will not try. Mr. Boggs
defeated me by but a small majority and j
In all the counties in the district I ran
considerably ahead of my ticket, and as
many of my friends voted for Mr. Boggs
on party principles, I can depend upon
them to assist me in this endeavor. I |
know of no other candidate In the field j
against me at present, so expect little
opposition, though if I find there is much
opposition I shall be temoted to drop I
out. As this session will be practically
ended before I could be seated and as !
there will be no other United States Sena
tor to elect, I expect my Democratic !
friends to vote for me, as there will be j
no party principles -involved."
In this connection some doubt is ex- |
pressed whether or not, under the pro- j
visions of the Australian ballot law. an ,
election could be held in time to permit
of the successful candidate taking part
in the proceedings of the present session. '
If the election could not be held in timp
to permit of the Senator elected taking
his seat before the end of this session, it |
is probable that the expense and trouble
Of holding a special election will be dis- j
pensed with and no election will be held
until the general election in 1900.
Section 1053 of the Political Code pro
vides that in case of special elections to :
fill vacancies in the office of State Senator
the Governor shall Issue a proclamation ;
at least ten days before such election is
held. This proclamation is sent to the
Board of Supervisors of the county or !
counties Included in the Senatorial dis- j
trict. who shall publish .the same for a j
period of not less than five days. This
was ' the law under the old election sys
tem, and the practice was to hold such ;
special election forthwith; but under the ;
Australian ballot law all names to be ;
placed upon the ballot used at an election
must be those of candidates nominated ,
cither by a regularly organized convr-n- \
tion or by petition, which nomination i
must be certified, in cases of State Sena
tors, to the County Clerk of the county
in which the district is located, or, |
if there is more than one county in the i
Senatorial district, then to the Clerk of
the county in which the candidate resides.
This certificate of nomination shall be
filed not more than fifty days nor less
than thirty days before the day of elec
tion, where the nomination is made by a
convention, and not more than fifty days
nor less than twenty days before the day
of election where the nomination is mailo
by petition, and under section 1196 ballots
prepared in any other manner shall not
be used or counted at any election.
In this case, then, should the most ex
peditious method be adopted and the can- ;
didates nominated by petition, the proc
lam&tion calling for the election would
have to fix the date of holding it at a suf
ficiently late day to give the candidates
time to prepare their petitions and file
them tw-enty days before the cmte fixed.
Assuming ttiat it would take at leas.t
ten days to have the proclamation issued
and prepare such petitions and certifi
cates of nomination, the twenty days ad
ditional required to elapse after the
filing of the certificate would fix the date
of election at least thirty days from now,
which would be at the end of this session.
UNINTERESTING BILLS
RULE IN THE SENATE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. I.— The Senate *.o-day gave
over considerable time to the oratory of
Senator Shortridge and to the introduc
tion of new bills. These bills are not of
great Importance, but still the people are
more or less interested in some of them.
Senator Langford introduced a bill to
pay the claim of Louis Gerlach against
the State for $7479 04.
Senator Jones has introduced a bill in
the Senate to repeal the Wright irrigation
act.
Senator Jones has also introduced a bill
which includes buggies and vehicles as
property subject to chattel mortgage.
Senator Pace introduced a bill provid
ing that no Judge, Justice or Justice of
the Peace shall sit or act in any action
in which he Is interested.
On motion of Senator Dickinson the sec
THAT LITTLE SUIT
Which we are selling from the big half-price purchase of the uptown
store at $1 «0 and $1 25 is fully equal if not better than you are getting
elsewehere at $3 00; sizes 3 to 14 years. Boys' knee pants 15 cents. See the
window. Who would make them?
THESE ARE CUT PRICES.
Boys' Fine Waists 25c
These are 4-blt percales arid other fine
fabrics, 4 to 8 years; also white waists
sold for $1 and upward, price cut to 50
cents to close. Laundered.
Men's $14 Suits $7.00
Several hundred men's and boys' fine
dress suits. We have cut the price in two.
Ranges now $2.50 up.
Boys' Drawers 15c
These are good sizes for boys 10 to 14
♦ years, medium weight, and good 50-cent
quality. Second floor.
Stockings 5c
These are for ladies or children, quite a
variety of 10-cent goods to close.
Deep-Cut Prices.
Men's $20 overcoats, our price , $10
Men's $8 suits uptown, our price $3 SO
Men's $2 hats, soft or stiff ?1 00
Girls' $126 sailors, pretty ones Nta
Men's straw hats for the trade 15c up
Men's brown overalls, large sizes 40c
Men's working gloves, 8, 9, 10. , 25c
There are several things in the stock bought
uptown we would like you to see. Call in—
nut be pressed to buy.
retary of the Senate was instructed to
! notify the Governor officially of the death
of Senator John Boggs and the fact that
there was a vacancy In the Eighth Sen
atorial District.
Damages for Example.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. I.^-Senator Braunhart has
introduced a Mil providing that in any
action for- breach of an obligation, where
the defendant has been guilty of oppres
sion, fraud or malice, the jury, in addi
tion to actual damages, may give dam
ages for tin- sake of example and by way
of punishing the defendant.
CLERKSHIP DECLINED
WITHOUT THANKS
The Minority Enlivens the Ron
tine of the Proceedings of
the Assembly.
CALL HEADQfUARTERb. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. I.— Assemblyman Devoto
of San Francisco and the majority rather
mixed things in the Assembly this morn
ing with Mr. Mead of Los Angeles and
the minority. It was over a question of
minority patronage raised by a member
of the majority, and before Devoto had
got through with it he was firmly of the
opinion that his colleagues had handed
him a gold brick when they conferred
upon him the honor of offering a clerk
ship at $5 per day to the Democratic mem
bers.
The minority caucused two weeks and
more ago on the patronage .proposition
and decided that they would vote for no
amendment or repeal of the Belshaw act,
and that they would not vote to seat any
further employes by resolution. They
further decided that if the majority
should vote to do either and should offer
the minority any of the accruing patron
age it should be declined.
This morning I>evoto in a neat speech
offered a resolution in the Assembly
proffering the minority a clerkship at a
salary of $5. Mead got up from his seat
in a white heat and without thanks or
any other token of courtesy declined it.
He Bald the majority knew well enough
the principle the minority had decided to
follow with regard to patronage, and he
branded the resolution as an attempt to
make it appear that the Democrats'
reason for refusing to vote against the
Belshaw bill was not so much a matter of
principle as a matter of pure envy, and
on behalf of his fellow-Democrats he de
nied that this was so. He also declined
to accept the proffered clerkship.
The majority, however, stuck to the
proposition, and referred the resolution to
the Committee on Attaches.
When the Assembly opened this morn
ing it took just time enough to call tne
roll and then took an hour's recess upon
the motion of Dibble, who read a tele
gram saying that the funeral of the late
Senator Boggs of Colusa was to take place
between 10:45 and 11 o'clock. The motion
to suspend business out of respect to tne
<Ureased Senator was adopted unani
mously.
When order was called again the junk
eting committee that was sent to inspect
the State insane asylum at Napa offered
its report through the chairman. Owen
Wade. Everything at the institution was
found in the best condition, and the ad
ministration was highly complimented. It
was also suggested that the asylum is
badly in need of the water supply to pro
vide which a bill has been already intro
duced in the Assembly. The expense of
the trip, which was allowed by resolu
tion, amounted to $85 40.
Immediately upon the adoption of the
report Speaker Anderson announced his
resignation from the following commit
tees: As chairman of the Corporations
Committee and as a member of the Com
mittee on Dairies and Dairy Products.
Fish and Game. Public Health and Quar
antine and Public Morals. He announced
the appointment of Assemblyman Raub
of Sutter as chairman of the Committee
on Corporations, and Of Howard Wright,
the deposed Speaker, as a member of the
Corporations. Fish and Game. Dairy and
Dairy Products committees. Assembly
man Marvin he appointed to the Health
and Quarantine Committee.
Assemblyman Dibble offered the patron
age resolution decided upon yesterday in
caucus. There were two slight changes
from the list published this morning. The
name of B. F. Frazer had been substi
tuted for that of Miss Ella McKeen. and
that of Frank Storror for that of R. P.
Russell. They were both committee clerk
ships. Leave of absence was granted by
resolution to the Committee on Commerce
and Navigation so that it may visit San
Francisco and Oakland on Friday, Sat
urday and Sunday for the purpose of in
vestigating the needs of the water fronts
of the two towns.
The following bills were read the third
time and passed by the Assembly this
afternoon: . ■
Assembly bill 329, introduced by John-
I son, amending section 3453 of the Politi
i cal Code. ■ _ . ._
Assembly bill 13!), introduced by the
same gentleman, authorizing the trans
; fer of $40 000 from the general fund to the
; State school book fund and providing for
1 its expenditure.
Assembly bill 53, introduced by Meserve.
- providing for the municipal corporations
I and for determining the population
i .thereof. . • j w - ,
1 Assembly bill 132, introduced by Works,
! providing for the satisfaction of record
of real property mortgages which have
1 been foreclosed and the property covered
: thereby sold, and to provide for the form
| of such satisfaction.
Assembly bill 261. introduced by Dibble.
1 amending* the Penal Code by adding a
1 new section thereto, to be numbered
543H relating to the unauthorized wear-
I ing 'of badges, buttons and rosettes of
■ societies. '^
Progress of the Seawall Bill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
; MENTO, Feb. I.— The bill of Senator
' Braunhart providing for the issuance of
State bonds to the amount of one million
dollars for the construction and extension
; of the seawall and thoroughfare of San
Francisco harbor and creating a sinking
i fund for the purpose of paying the bonds
! and interest was passed to third reading
by th*» Senate to-day. »It -will now com*
up on third reading, and as far as the
Senate is concerned there can be no doubt
; of its passage.
Men's or Boys' $2 Hats. 50c
There are several U 00 hats and caps from
late purchases now o« sale. The price Is a
mere fraction of their former or real value.
Neck Bows 2c
From this price up, 2 for sc, also 5c and
10c, from Baldwir clothing stock. Dealers
and peddlers car save money by turning
our way.
Men's Shirts. 25c
Uptown price was 50 and 75 csnts. We
pat all in one lot at 25 cents each. Season-
able colors for summer wear.
Men's Undershirts 25c
There are many hundred of these all piled
. up on one 1 >ns counter; choice offered at
25 cents.
SMITHS
C/ISH STORE
25-2T Market St., S.F.UNION SAVINGS BANK
DEPOSITORS ANXIOUS
President H, Ward Wriaht of the Defunct Union
Savings Bank,
CROWD THE LOBBY
OF THE CONCERN
Bitter Feeling Created
at San Jose by
Rumors of Under-
hand Work.
SAX JOSE, Feb. I.— The financial en
tanglement of the Union Savines Bank
is becoming complex to the mind of the
average person, and th^ outcome of
the investigation by the Bank Commis
sioners is awaited with interest. The
directors are reticent and will make no
statement concernine the condition of
the institution. This increased the In
terest in the affair to-day, and many
sensational stories reflecting on the
credit of the bank are heard on the
streets. Nothing definite can be ob
tained, however, and the general opin
ion is that in the end the strinerencv
of finances will be cleared by depositors
being paid in full and business resumed.
Nevertheless, before the close of
hanking hours an anxious crowd of de
positor'; lined the street and filled the
bank lobby, and much bitterness of
MINISTER PREDICTS
HIS COMING DEATH
HI of Pneumonia, but Not in Any
Apparent Danger of Disso=
lution at the Time.
0 NEW YORK, Feb. I.— Rev. »George H. Simons, of Brooklyn, pre- 8
<TJ dieted his own death, which occurred yesterday at midnight of pneu- Q
monia. Last December, during a heavy snowstorm, he visited a sick $
jq, child and caught a chill. Since then he has been ailing, and yesterday $
0 was quite feeble, but was not apparently in any immediate danger. "To £
a his wife, however, who was sitting in the same room, he said, for no
w apparent reason: ~
"My dear, I do not believe that I will live after midnight." "
Dr. Simons, who was pastor of the Wikoff-Street M. E. Church, had Z.
■? hren an impressive figure in Brooklyn for a long time, an interest con- "
® tributed to by the facts of an unusual life. He was born in Bavaria 59
B rears ago. When 16 years of age, he took to the sea. At 27 years of age B
& he was wrecked off the Cape of Good Hope. After being saved he an- &
Q nouncf-d thai he had a summons from God to follow the church in the 8
O capacity <>f a preacher. He drifted to Ohio, where he worked and at the 0
0 same time studied theology. Later he was ordained in the Methodist &
O Episcopal church, and was pastor of a church at Santa Rosa, Cal., O
<q from which place he came to Brooklyn. Q
CHINESE PERISH
IN BURNING HUTS
Made Stupid by Opium, the Celestials
Do Not Attempt to
Escape.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Feb. 1.-China
town, at the big <'h<-mainus Lumber Mills
n»-ar Nanaim<>. the ( .-oal center of the
province, was almost completely <I>--
Btroyed by fir. yesterday and a number of
■tiais were burned in death. News
of disaster reached ihis city late *ls
afternoon. The conflagration was acconi-
panied by Incidents of an extraordinary
nature. The big lumber mills art now
running night and day. The nigln men
had just quit work and repaired to their
numerous shacks when the fire com-
nvnced.
It appears that the Celestials, on reach-
Ing their town, were chilled and wet
through. They, built several large bon
flrt-.s near th<- shacks to dry their clothes
and then turned in to rest. The inevita
ble opium plpf was indulged in until the
Chinese were oblivious of their surrouii.l
ings. The day shift had left for the mills
some distance away, and no on« was left
to watch the bonfires, vinlch blazed
fiercely dangerously close to the dwell
ings. A brisk breeze sprang up and drove
the flames right on to the snacks, and in
]<ss time than it takes to tell, the whole
Settlement was in flames.
The day workers speedily went to the
r'scue. Smashing in door after dodr
thoy were confronted by their half-stuptd
countrymen, who apparently had no de-
Blre to escape. Some were carried out of
the burning buildings, but others leas for
tunate slept their deen Hleep while the
feeling was expressed as various ru
mors of underhand work were dis
cussed.
The cause of the failure has assumed
the nature of a dispute between those
most interested, the bank officials and
E. B. Howard, fruit shipper. The bank
people claim Howard brought on the
difficulty by overdrawing his account
and by having his drafts protested after
liberal advances had been made to him.
This Howard denies. He admits being
indebted to the institution in the neigh
borhood of $100,000, but says the bank
never protested any of his paper. How
ard says none of the fruit he is hand
ling is held as security by the bank.
He intimates he is being "crucified,"
and points to the fact that just before
T. R. Weaver attached him for $2000
Weaver knew the bank was to fail and
drew $2900 from the bank. Weaver at
tached about twenty carloads of fruit
and Howard's home.
The Union Savings Bank has always
been regarded as a "'good thing" by
people in want of funds, and it is to
this liberality that it owes its entangle
ment. Merchants. orchardists and
struggling professional men could al
ways go there and get money on their
notes. It is said that a large part of
$553,112 loaned on personal securities is
almost worthless. It is this liberality
of the bank officials that is being con
demned by the people.
Authoritative news in connection
with the bank failure was scarce to
day. Bank Commissioners A. W. Bar
rett and John Markley, accompanied
by Secretary C. H. Dunemoor, arrived
this afternoon and, assumed charge of
affairs. Work was at once commenced
on books and papers. Aside from say
ing the books appeared in good shape
and the condition of the institution
seemed better than they expected, these
flames crackled and roared around them
The flimsy shacks burned fiercely and
soon they were a mass of smoking ruins
It was then ascertained that at least two
Chinese burned to death. A number of
others were badly burned, and it was re
ported this evening that several were
missing.
The scene was one of thp wildest ex
cftcment for a time. Very little damage
was done to the surrounding property
Tho injured Chinese, who were taken to
Nanalmo, were cared for by their coun
trymen, who refused to let them go to a
hospital. Most of the Chinese worked in
the mill. .
INTEBESTS THE COAST.
Army Orders. Issued and a Batch of
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Feb. I.— By direction
of the Secretary of War Captain William
W.McCammon, Fourteenth United States
Infantry, will report in person to the com
manding officer of the Twenty-second
United States Infantry' at San Francisco
for assignment to duty with that regi
ment on Its journey to Manila, and upon
its arrival at the latter place will proceed
to join his own regiment.
By direction of the Secretary of War
Second Lieutenant Edward S. Walton,
Tenth United States Infantry, is relieved
from mustering duty at Chicago and will
report In person to the commanding offi
cer of United States troops on the trans
port Sheridan for assignment to duty
with the troops on that transport until
their arrival at Manila, when he will pro
ceed to join his regiment.
The following officers will also report
to the commanding officer of the Sheri
dan fur duty in Manila: Captain John A.
Dapray, Captain Daniel B. Devore, Cap
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1899.
gentlemen parted with no information.
They will not report for some days, and
until then nothing definite will be
known.
The directors of the bank held a
meeting, but nothing was done, an ad
journment being taken until to-morrow
afternoon. At that time a business
course will be decided upon. Some of
the directors favor the bank going into
liquidation, while others think affairs
can be straightened out by levying an
assessment. President Wright said to
day an assessment of $10 or ?15 a share
would relieve the situation, as many of
the real estate securities are first class
and can easily be be turned into cash.
About half of the stockholders can
stand this, and it probably will be done.
The only questionable transaction in
connection with the bank failure is the
filing of a deed to the bank premises
on First and Fountain streets, convey
ing the property to Myra E. Wright,
the wife of William H. Wright, vice
president of the institution. The deed
is absolute, but President Ward Wright
. claims it is understood to be only a
mortgage. Although the transfer was
made Tast June the semi-annual state
ments in July and January showed the
property among available assets at
$95,000. Myra E. Wright advanced $60,
--000 on the premises and the. directors
claim about $35,000 of this amount has
been repaid. This deed was • given
simply to secure the money and was
never intended to be recorded. As soon
as the bank refused to transact busi
ness yesterday Mrs. Wright, at the re
quest of F. V. Wright, filed the deed.
W. H. Wright is in the East, and had
he been at home it is claimed this would
not have occurred.
The tiling of the assignment of mort
gage given by L. A. Spitzer and wife
to the Union Savings Bank for $2500
by the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco is another mistake arlsine
out of the failure. The Soitzer mort
gage was satisfied last November and
so acknowledged by the Union Bank
officials. The assignment, however
had never been returned to the local
bank officials, and when news of the
failure became known the Union Trust
Company rushed it into the records.
An assignment was filed by I. W. Hell
man to-day of a mortgage executed by
J. W. Cunningham and wife to the
Union Savings Bank for $10,175. The
date of tne assignment is January 18
last.
There are about 1800 persons repre
sented in the $791,975 due- depositors.
Of these about 1550 are in the savings
department and their average deposit
is $254. They may have to wait some
time for their money.
Among the creditors of the institution
are many fruit men and orchardists,
who for the past three or four years
have been helped along. The bank did
a big business among these people.
During the financial panic a few years
ago it stood by this class of creditors
when other banks refused loans and
consequently it had many friends. Much
of the bank's securities are in the shape
of stoned fruit and fruit contracts.
Dealing with fruit men led the bank
into relations with Howard. Those who
know claim Howard is interested in
about $250,000 worth of fruit in Santa
Clara County. He is heavily involved.
The dumping of this amount of fruit on
the market at this time of year would
be disastrous to fruit men and caus'> a
fearful slump in prices. This would do
more injury to the business of Santa
Clara County than a half-dozen failures
like that of the Union Savings Bank.
A syndicate is now being organized
to avert this and handle the fruit, and
when it is completed Howard will as-
sign to it. Of Howard's $100,000 in
debtedness to the bank. President
Wright says two-thirds of it is secured
by fruit. If Howard was forced into
insolvency this security would shrink
to almost nothing, but now that a syn
dicate will handle Howard's business it
has been improved materially.
At the first of the year there was a
change in the Board of Directors of the
Union Savings Bank, but, contrary to
rumor, this had nothing to do with the
embarrassment. L. M. Hale retired on
account of ill health, and Henry Ed
wards because of other business. In
their stead Antone Friant and N. Bow
den were selected.
tain William H. Allaire. Lieutenant Her
bert N. Royden. Lieutenant Howard L.
Loubach. Lieutenant Colonel William M.
Van Home and Lieutenant Samuel Seoy
J r.
By direction of the Secretary of War
Lieutenant Colonel Jose E. Maxwell, Uni
ted States Volunteer Signal £orps. on
completion of his present duties in New
York City will proceed to Manila and re
port in person to the commanding general
Department of the Pacific, for special
duty pertaining to Signal Corps. On com
pletion of this duty Lieutenant Colonel
Maxwell will proceed to San Francisco
and await orders.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Harry L Gil
christ. U. S. A., is relieved from further
duty at Albany, Ga., and will, proceed to
New York City and report to Major Al
fred E. Bradley, brigade surgeon United"
States Volunteers, commanding me
United States hospital snip Relief, for
duty, and on arrival at Manila will report
in person to the commanding general of
the Department of the Pacific.
Major Stephen W. Groesbeck, judge ad
vocate, U. S. A., is relieved from further
temporary duty in the Department of the
East and will proceed to San Francisco
and resume his duties as judge advocate
of the Department of California.
The following named officers will upon
completion of their report upon certain
operations in Alaska proceed to join
their respective regiments: First Lieuten
ant Percival G. Lowe. Eighteenth I'nited
States Infantry; First Lieutenant Henry
G. Learnard, Fourteenth United States
Infantry.
Pensions for California: Original—John
C. Bram. Los Angeles, $8; Edward P.
Wells. Pasadena. $10: George S Hurd
San Diego $8; Daniel McGrath, San Fran
cisco, $S. increase — Manuel F. Sidelinger
Grass Valley, $8 to $10. Original widows,
etc.— Barbara E. Tadlock. Colusa, $S.
Oregon: Original— William R. Ferris
Portland. $6.
Washington: Original— John M. R. Scott
Castle Rock, $6.
ATLANTIC LINER
RHYNLAND ASHORE
Driven Upon the Beach During the
Gale Off the Delaware
Coast.
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. I.— The trans
atlantic liner Rhynland, Captain Hannah,
from Liverpool for this port, went ashore
on Cotton Patch Shoal, about four miles
north of Fenwicks Island Life Saving
station, during last night's storm. At a
Vate hour to-night she was still stranded,
but lay in an easy position, and it is hoped
to get her off with the next high tide.
The tug North America went to her as
sistance this morning and succeeded in
moving her a short distance. Later in
the day the tug went to Delaware Break
water and brought back the lighter Ix>t
tie. Part of the steamer's cargo will be
taken off, and when this Is done she will
be floated. The steamer's propeller is
broken and it is thought her rudder has
been carried away. There are forty-two
passengers and a crew of seventy-nine
men on board and all are well.
Fenwicks Island light is about twenty
five miles below the breakwater, which
would indicate that the Rhynland was a
few miles out of her course when she
grounded. This is accounted for by the
condition of the weather at the time.
A dense snow storm was prevailing and
the island light could not be seen.
♦
. Father Hynes' Successor.
WOODLAND. Feb. I.— Bishop Grace has
designated Father Hunt, late of Sacra
mento, as the successor of the late Father
J. J. Hynes. Father Hunt is one of the
most learned and popular priests in the
diocese.
SUGAR INDUSTRY
CALIFORNIA'S HOPE
Insures Prosperity in the
Future.
BIG PROFITS FOR FARMERS
REPORT OF THE STATE BOARD
OF AGRICULTURE.
■
Attention of Congress Is Directed to
the Urgent Need of a General
System of Irrigation
for Ihis State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. I.— The annual
meeting o-f the State Board of Agri
culture was held this afternoon, but
owing to the absence of several mem
bers very little business was transacted.
Resolutions were adopted expressive of
the board's respect for Directors Chase
and Boggs, whose deaths occurred since
the last meeting. The board approved
the annual report as prepared by Secre
tary Edwin F. Smith, to be presented
to Governor Gage.
The resolutions in respect to the death
of Director Charles M. Chase refer to
his twenty years' service as a member
of the board and speak of him as a
public-spirited citizen, ever ready to
advance the interests of his adopted
State, and one whose character was a
standard for the emulation of his fel
lows. Speaking of Director Boggs the
resolutions recognize that in his death
the State has been deprived of one of its
pioneer and foremost citizens, whose
early occupation in this State blazed
the way for the successful workers that
have followed. The resolutions charac
terize the deceased member as a man
who was alive to progress and favored
improved methods in every line of his
extensive enterprises.
The annual report of the board to the
Governor deals with the abnormal
climatic conditions which existed dur
ing the year 1898; refers to the impro
vision of methods for irrigating lands
and for the purpose of saving stock.
The business of the State, however, is
declared not to have suffered as much
as it would have under similar condi
tions ten years ago^ inasmuch as other
productive industries and trades have
advanced to such an extent that Cali
fornia is not wholly dependent upon
grain growing, as in former years.
The total wheat yield for the past
year as figured at the office of the
agricultural society was 12,480,088
bushels, which was a much larger
amount than was expected at the close
of harvest. The largest and best yield
is declared to have come from the river
lands and upper part of the Sacramento
Valley.
The report refers to the attention
Congress is giving to the question of
irrigation, and adds:
It should be plain to every soil producer
of California with the experiences of the
season just closed that a general system
of irrigation Is wanted and which would
be of Incalculable value to our agricul
tural resources, thereby Insuring an an
nual output and reducing to a minimum
the chances of crop failures that appear
periodically through lack of moisture.
The idea Is to our mind most practicable
and should be pushed to completion with
out delay. There is at the present time
more idle capital available for permanent
investment than for many years past, ow
ing to the absence of large enterprises
for its employment.
The report expresses the belief that
the beet sugar industry will eventually
make California prosperous in all sec
tions. The report says:
Land adapted to sugar beet growing
will average fourteen or. fifteen tons to
the acre, from which the farmer will
realize about $60. The cost varies with
varying conditions and location, but will
in general range from $30 to $40 an acre.
The farmer will thus net $20 to $30 per
acre on his season's crop.
The above is figured on a basis of $4 a
ton, which was the fixed price for the
season of 1898. With an increase of 50
cents per ton, the contract price for the
coming season, the outlook is extremely
bright for the beet raiser.
The report calls upon the Legislature
to aid in the development of the good
road idea in this State. Mention is
made of the cattle and sheep interests,
and figures are given relative to the
fruit crop. The establishment of a tree
market in San Francisco for the dispo
sition of the soil products of the State
is indorsed.
Of the State fair, the report remarks
that it well serves a purpose, and could
not be substituted by any other plan
of a public nature for advertising the
possibilities of the state.
The financial statement of the board
shows that the total indebtedness of
the society at this date is $25,505 13.
During the year past the indebtedness
was reduced $2,593 96 by the practice
of economy, and the board believes that
in two years the present indebtedness
practically will have been wined out.
The Board of Agriculture has under
way the disposal of the agricultural
park property in this city, the proceeds
to be devoted to the purchase of a new
site. Recently a citizen of Sacramento
filed a suit to reauire the board to re
invest the sale proceeds in this county.
Peter J. Shields, the secretary, who will
assume office next spring, has received
a letter from President A. B. Snreckels,
in which he says that personally he fa
vors the contention of the citizen bring
ing the suit. Director J. W. Wilson
said to The Call correspondent to-night
that every member of the board was in
favor of relocating the Agricultural
Park in Sacramento.
CLARK'S PLEDGE TO
THE REPUBLICANS
DENVER. Feb. 1. — A special to the
News from Helena, Mont., says: In re
sponse to published criticisms of the
course of the Republican members of the
State Legislature in voting for W. A.
Clark for United States Senator. Senator
Hobson of Fergus County to day issued
a statement denning his position, which
divulged a hitherto unpublished and in
teresting matter of detail concerning the
condition of the support of Clark. The
interesting part of Mr. Hobson's state
ment, which is a lengthy one, is:
At the time Mr. Clark had shown his full
Democratic strength, it became apparent that
he could not be elected without Republican
votes and as the Democratic followtng was
about to leave him and name another candi
date who was much more objectionable, the
Republicans secured a written pledge from Mr.
Clark that he would, if elected, vote for a high
protective tariff and refuse to be bound by
any caucus to do otherwise.
Fine Outlook for Crops.
WOODLAND, Feb. I.— The crop pros- .
pects for the lands along the Sacramento |
River from Knights Landing to Sycamore j
are very good this season. The rainfall !
has been generous for that section of the
State, there does not seem to be any pres
ent danger of an overflow, and the farm
ers are rushing the work of seeding the
land with a view of getting in as large an
area as possible. The water in Sycamore
slough recently ran over the banks and
overflowed about 500 acres of land between
the Miller and Curtiss places. The water
is now rapidly receding. On the Sutter
side an unusual amount of land will be
sown to alfalfa this year, as the farmers
believe it will be more profitable to raise
hay than wheat.
CONGRESS WILL PUT
THE PRESIDENT ON
RECORD AT ONCE
CompelliQg a Declaration of His
iQtentions With Regard to the
Indepeodence of tfye
PhilippiQes.
NEW YORK, Feb. I.— The Washington correspondent of the Her
ald sends the following: President McKinley may be forced to go on
record for or against the independence of the Philippines before his
policy commission has had a chance to report. Developments today
make it practically certain that the Senate -will pass the Sullivan res
olution, which, while vague in terms, nominally promises independ
ence to the Philippines. This resolution, although originally Intend
ed to declare simply the sense of the Senate, was to-day offered as a
substitute for the Bacon resolution, with the title of the latter re
tained, thus making it a joint resolution, which will require the sanc
tion of the House. Should it be passed by both houses, as now seems
probable, the President will be forced to approve or disapprove it.
He can, of course, allow it to become a law without his signature,
but the effect would be the. same as approval.
It can be authoritatively stated that the President is personally
opposed to any declaratory resolution at this time touching future
policy toward the Philippines. He wants a report from his .policy
commission before anything in this direction is done. But leading Re
publicans in the Senate have deemed ft expedient to permit a vote to
be taken, believing the adoption of the Sullivan resolution will not do
any harm, while it will be of immediate benefit in removing all obsta
cles to the ratification of the Paris treaty.
But for the objection of Senator Carter, who ostensibly desired
that Senator Spooner, temporarily absent, should be allowed to speak
to-morrow, a vote on the Sullivan resolution would have been taken
to-day. It will be voted upon to-morrow, as Senator Carter announced
to-night that he will withdraw his objection. In all probability It will
be adopted. I understand that the majority of the Committee on
Foreign Relations will vote for it.
23 V. 23 II 23 23 !3 23 12 J8 88 S3 !5 ?S 52 ?S SS S2 28 ?* !2 ?3 «g! S3
TREATY TALKS BY SENATORS
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1. — Senators
Teller and Hoar were the speakers in
the executive session ot the Senate to
day. Mr. Teller made a set speech in
support of the treaty and Mr. Hoar re
plied. Both went over much ground
that had been covered before, but some
new points were brought out.
Mr. Teller devoted special attention to
the capabilities of the Filipinos for self-
j government. He contended that they
I had not yet reached the stage where
they could be considered, capable of
taking care of themselves, and he based
I much of his argument upon the inca-
I paoity demonstrated by their leader,
! Aguinaldo. He read extracts from the
I Philippine leader's proclamation, con
j tending that they demonstrated beyond
j question that he was Ignorant of the
! first principles of popular government,
especially a democratic form of govern
ment. He referred to the fact that the
Filipino leader had in some of his pro
nuneiamentos spoken as a dictator,
which the Colorado Senator said did
| not accord with the professions of de
i mocracy made for him. Mr. Teller also
referred to the general situation in the
Orient, enlarging upon the necessity for
the United States to hold a footing
I which had been secured through what
| almost must be regarded as providen
tial means. He dwelt upon the reports
of vast coal deposits in the Philippines,
and said they were invaluable on this
account to any nation, for, in the fu
ture, the country which controlled the
coal deposits of the world would domi
nate the other nations, both from a
commercial and military point of view,
i At the present time the United States,
i Great Britain and Japan control the
i principal coal supplies, and he predicted
that so long as they continued to con
trol them and were friendly to one an
other they would hold the reins of
power. Other European nations appre
i ciate the importance of the coal supply,
and this fact, more than any other, ac
counted for the desire of Russia and
Germany to get a foothold in the Phil
ippines. Russia was, he said, especially
grasping, and it behooved this country
to be on its guard against the encroach
ments of that power.
In conclusion Mr. Teller referred to
his antagonism to the administration,
saying that he expected to oppose the
party in power in the next campaign,
but strongly as he felt on the questions
which separated him from that party,
he was, nevertheless, willing to sink
party questions and subordinate parti
san advantage to what he believed to
be a much broader view — a patriotic
rather than a partisan view.
Rising to reply, Mr. Hoar said that
there could be no doubt of Mr. Teller's
attitude toward the Republican party
after his anxiety to have the treaty
ratified had been made so evident, for
he could not possibly do anything that
would go further toward encompassing
the disorganization and defeat of the
Republican party than to make certain
the ratification of the pending treaty.
Mr. Hoar devoted the greater part of
his reply to a defense of Aguinaldo,
whom he compared to Simon Bolivar,
the South American patriot. It would
be remembered, he said, that Bolivar
also had, upon occasion, taken
upon himself the title of dictator, and
yet who, on this account, should ac
cuse the Bolivian liberator of being
false to his people or to their aspira
tions for freedom?
Aguinaldo had so far been a shrewd
and able leader, and he had not by
any act of his shown himself to be in
capable of the highest degree of lead
ership.
During the course of his remarks
Senator Hoar said the argument had
been advanced that the United States
should be near at hand to participate
in the predicted partition of China, and
proceeded to say that this argument
indicated a disposition to grasp even
more territory than had yet been taken.
Such a policy, he thought, should be
nipped in the bud, as he was very con
fident the people of the United States
would not profit by joining the Euro
pean powers in their efforts to distrib
ute among themselves the possessions
of this ancient empire.
This last remark brought Senator
Davis to his feet. While his name had
not been mentioned, it was evident that
Mr. Hoar alluded to a remark of the
Minnesota Senator. The latter said he
had not adverted to any participation
by the United States in the process of
dismemberment, but that he had only
alluded to its probability and had said
merely that the United States should
be on hand to protect their own in
terests.
HOUSE PROCEEDINGS.
Hepburn of lowa Attacks the Biver
and Harbor Bill.
WASHINGTON. Feb. I.— The House en
tered upon the consideration of the river
and harbor bill to-day and made rapid
progress. Fifty of the eighty-eight
pages had been completed when the
House adjourned. The bill appropriates
directly about $12,500.0000 and authorizes
contracts to the extent of $18,000,000 addi
tional. The general debate was unusual
ly brief. Its feature was a speech in op
f'osition to the bill by Mr: Hepburn of
owa. who has fought every river and
harbor bill for the last six years.
WASHINGTON, Feb. I.— For a few
minutes in the Senate this afternoon It
seemed likely that a vote might be
taken on one or more of the pending
resolutions relating to expansion. An
unusually large attendance of Republi
can Senators was in attendance, all of
them having been notified to be pres
ent, in the event of a critical vote on
the pending question. Mr. Bacon of
Georgia had called up his resolutions,
and Mr. Chandler of New Hampshire
had withdrawn his motion to refer
them to the Committee on Foreign Re
lations.
Mr. Sullivan of Mississippi had en
tered a motion to substitute his reso
lutions for those of Mr. Bacon, while
Mr. Davis, chairman of the Foreign
Relations Committee, had announced
that he was willing that a vote should
be taken immediately. As it was evi
dent, however, that a vote on the reso
lutions and amendments could not be
taken before 2 o'clock — the hour fixed
by unanimous consent for the Senate
to go into executive session — Mr. Bacon
asked for unanimous consent that a
vote be taken at 12:30 to-morrow. To
this request Mr. Carter of Montana ob
jected, and the whole question was left
suspended.
Mr. Rawlins of Utah addressed the
Senate upon the Vest anti-expansion
resolution.
Referring to the contention of Lodge
and other Senators that the labor prod
uct of the Filipinos would not be per
mitted to come into competition with
American labor and its product Mr.
Rav.iins pointed out that if Congress
possessed this authority it could im
pose duties which would prevent the
wheat grown in Oklahoma from com
peting with that grown in Kansas or
other States of the Union; or the min
erals produced in New Mexico and Ari
zona from competing with the like
products of Colorado and Utah. He
maintained that if the inhabitants of
the Philippine archipelago may be de
nied the liberty of locomotion, not as
a punishment for any crime of which
they may have been duly convicted, if
they may be lawfully forbidden to come
to America, then we may deny them the
right of passing from one island to an
other or from visiting their neighbor's
house, and if we may do this we may
throw them into Spanish dungeons,
there to await the incoming tide to end
their troubles and place them beyond
American tyranny. Allusion was made
to the contention that until the treaty
is ratified the truce between the United
States and Spain must continue, and
then Mr. Rawlins said:
"Is it possible that the end of the.
war with Spain, accomplished by the
ratification of the treaty, is to be the
inception of a new war with the in
habitants of those Islands; that we are
to turn our guns from the Spaniards
upon them, although guilty of no crime
except the desire and aspiration to be
free?
"We can retain Subig Bay and suffi
cient, territory around it or some other
suitable place as a military and naval
base, recognize the independence of the
people of the rest of the archipelago,
let them go in peace and give them the |
assurance erf our protection.
"What do we want the Philippines
for? Do we want them to furnish homes
for our own people? No. Do we want
them to furnish an outlet for our sur
plus labor? Do we want them to add |
a wholesome element to our dodulx- I
tion, that our sons may find wives an.i I
our daughters husbands? The blight
ing curse of the Almighty would rest
upon such miscegenation. Do we want !
them in order to practice upon their j
inhabitants the same arts of Dhilan- |
thropy which applied to the aborigi
nal inhabitants of this continent ha\e
led to their extermination? Humanity i
says no. Do we want them in order to '
send thither swarms of office-holders. I
carpet-baggers, to riot among them
like slimy worms, eating out their sub
stance? Ah, there's the rub. But for
this, this perplexing problem I doubt
would to-day be seriously confronting
the American people. No; there ts m j
conceivable good which they can bring
to us. Their retention bodes nothing I
but evil.
"We cannot afford to pro over half
way down to the Asiatic level In order
to proportionately lift their civilization.
We have enacted laws which stand like
cherubim with flaming swords at
the gateways of the republic to drive
back the hordes of the dark and degen
erate races of the east, lest they might
enter into and degrade us. The Sen
ator from Connecticut (Mr. Platt)
twitted the Senator from Massachu
setts (Mr. Hoar) with seeing constitu
tional obstacles, lions in the pathway
leading to the House Beautiful. Would
the Senator from Connecticut have us,
like Samson of old, destroy the lion
at the gate in order that we might en
ter in to wed the daughter of the Phil
istine? It behooves us to take warning
by that example leßt we. too, by such
'benevolent assimilation,' have our
locks shorn and the strength of our
institutions taken away."
Succumbs to His Injuries.
COLUSA, Feb. I.— Samuel Simmons, a
farmer, died this morning from the ef
fects of injuries received In a runaway
last Monday.
MEMORY FOUND
AFTER LONG YEARS
Marvelous Result of
Brain Surgery.
REASON MAY COME BACK
THE MIND OF A SMALL BOY
DESTROYED.
He Takes Up the Thread of Life
Where It Had Been Broken
Abruptly Many Years
Ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, 111.. Feb. I.— Eleven year*
ago Charles Burrell of Chebanse. 111.,
while engaged in a childish quarrel
with a playmate, was struck on the left
side of the head with a brick. The mo
ment he was struck he began to run
around in a circle. He was taken to his
home and a physician called, but* the
boy never recovered his reason or his
powers of locomotion. While able to
walk, he was unable to control hia
movements, and had a constant ten
dency to move in a circle.
Some time ago his parents, learning
of an operation by whicn tire reason of
Attorney Frank Collier was restored,
set about to have their son. now 19
years of age, operated upon. In 1896.
believing him to be incurable, they had
taken him to the State Hospital for
the insane at Kankakee. The desires
of the parents were made known to Dr.
Staarns, superintendent of the institu
tion, and on Monday the experiment
was begun. He was placed under the
influence of an X-ray, generated by
1,000,000 volts of t electricity, and a skia
graph of the skull taken. This showed,
a thickening of the bone near the top
of the skull on the left side. To-day an
operation was performed by which the
thickened bone was removed, relieving:
the unnatural pressure upon the brain
at that point. The first words uttered
by the young man, upon recovering:
from the unconsciousness caused by the
anesthetics used during the operation
were :
"What made you hit me?"
The question has been hidden away
in the unfortunate's memory since the
fateful day, eleven years ago, when ho
received the wound, and the boy picked
up the thread of his lffe where it had
been snapped by the careless act of a
playmate.
"There is great improvement," said
Dr. Steams, "and I hope for still bet
ter results. The dementia has gone so
far, however, I am afraid the young
man's brain will never be perfectly
healthy."
The patient spoke thankfully to the
surgeon when he finally realized what
had been done for him, and when per
mitted to talk he immediately asked
how long he had been ill. His mind
went back to the day when lie and an
other boy were romping at' Chebanse,
111. Everything since that day is blank,
and weeks or months may be required
to acquaint him with what has gone on
in. the world since.
The breaking strain of an inch rope la
9000 pounds.
ft********
: HUDYAN \
J .nUU Inll J
******************
i CURES i :••
*****************
| MAN. \
*********
THERE ARE SOME MEN WHO BELIEV3'
themselves so strong that they can resist
! the powers of the Creator. These men are con-
stantly fighting nature. They overload their
stomachs, overharass their nerves, drink to ex-
! cess, smoke to excess, or abuse themselves in
' some form or other. The result la the sam»
'. in the end. Abuse yourself and you are sure to
' pay the penalty. It Is this abuse that destroys.
i Now, if this suits you take the advice of ex-
. perienced men and seek a certain cure. Hud-
j yan is the great Remedy treatment. Hudyaa
!is .certain. Hudyan cure*! varicocele, partial
j impotency, Myroce-le, falling manhood. It has
j been used by many, many men. and they hay»
j sent in their testimonials. If you wish to read
| them
WRITE FOR TESTIMONIALS.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
| BLOOD POISON. The first, secondary or
I BLOOD POISON. tertiary- form of blood
BLOOD POISON. : — poison means much. If
BLOOD POISON. you are so afflicted th«
j BLOOD POISON. —30-day • ure Is ■what you
BLOOD POISON. need; 30-day circular*
BLOOD POISON. iree.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Sis., •
' . San Francisco, Cal.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free. "
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Frea.
- - ■ ■
HELPS/ A \ A NOM-
WHCRE / mmt. \'ntqx-
You must have this Conic
to get a non-intoxicating malt
extract, and you must have
it, to give your system the
benefit of more malt strength
than you can possibly get
from any other tonic— Pro-
duces healthy blood. Aids
digestton._Grows flesh. «£&•«
VAL.BLATZ BREWING CO.
M ILWAUKEE.U SA.
Louis Cahen & Son, "Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
34
KILLING OF COOK
PLANNED LONG AGO
NAFA; Feb. I.— One fact was in
oontrovertibly proved to-day in
the preliminary examination of
George S. McKenzie, charged
with complicity in the killing of
Alfred fj&ok. This was that the ac
cused and Jesse Walters, who fired the
fatal shot, were on a still hunt for
Cook ever since the first of December
la?t. Mrs. M. Ray of San Francisco,
who kept a lodging-house at 405 Van
Ness avenue, and who is a niece of
Walters, gave testimony on this point,
which was strengthened by other wit
nesses.
Mrs. Ray was the star witness of the
day. She is an elderly lady. Her tes
timony was given with great reluct
ance. She admitted that McKenzie and
Walters went to see her in order to
get her aid in locating Cook in San
Francisco. So far as she knew, she
Bald, Walters wanted to find Cook so
as tn have him arrested fnr alienating
the affections of Mrs. Walters.
Justice Bradford, averse to repeating
the exhibition he made in the Walters
case, induced Justice J. C. Wright of
Callstoga to hold court for him and
preside during the examination of Mc-
Kenzie. and everything ran along
smoothly in consequence. George A.
Knight was unable to appear for Mc-
Kenzie, and Aneon Hilton of San Fran
cisco was added to the list of attorneys
for the defense. The o>urt room held
a larger audience than has been pres
ent at any previous stage of the pro
ceedings. About forty witnesses are to
be examined for the prosecution. Nine
teen of these were on the stand to-day.
The prosecution expects to close to
morrow, and the defense does not In
tend to put <>n' any witnesses in behalf
of the accused.
F. J. Peabody. a photographer of St.
Helena, testified that Walters called on
him on December 3. 1898. and asked for
a photograph «f Cook for Sheriff Mc-
Kenzie, saying Cook was wanted in
connection with a forgery case. Attor
ney Beerstecher objected to witness
testifying to anything Walters may
have said regarding McKenzie. To this
Bell replied as follow?:
We propose tn show a conspiracy be
tween Jes?^ Walters and George S. Mc-
Kenzie to kill Alfred Cook. We expect
to show that tins conspiracy dates back
to December 1, I
On further objection by the defense
this witness was temporarily with
drawn.
Fred Jacks, who keeps a bicycle re
pair shop adjoining the McKenzie sta
ble, heard shots from McKenzie's sta
ble at the time of the homicide. Two
shots came rapidly together and others
followed at a greater interval. He
thought three shots followed the first
two, but thero may have been more.
There were several seconds between
MONTEREY BEET
LAND IN LITIGATION
Long-Drawn-Out Suit Caused by a
Change in the Salinas River
Channel.
SALINAS, Feb. 1.-One of the most im
portant land cae^s ever tried in the courts
of Monterey County is that of E. J. Mo
lera of San Francisco VS. James Martin
of Monterey, now occupying the atten
tion of a jury in the Superior Court. The
litigation wa? caused by the change of
the channel of Salinas River. Every wet
winter the river overflows its banks and
as a rule the river lied is changed. In
1594 this was the case. Thp river changed
its course so materially that many prop
erty-owr.ers whop« land was on the south
side of the stream found themselves on
the north side.
J B. H. Cooper of San Francisco and
James Martin owned property at Moro
Cojo. about seven miles rrom this City.
The river was the boundary line to the
property. After the river changed 116
acres of the Martin land was shifted over
to the other side and adjoining the Mo
lera property. Molera claimed the land
as according" to the survey the river was
the boudary line of his property. Martin
took possession "f the land and Molera
sued to eject. Martin won in the lower
court, but lost on appeal. The <-aFe has
remained in the courts ever since and Ls
now being tried in the Superior Court ol
this county. The property involved is
pome of the hest beet land in the county.
HORRIBLE CASE
OF FRATRICIDE
CHICAGO. Feb. L— When Mr?. Michael
Malone of 146 Gladys avenue entered the
room of her husband last night and at
tempted to arouse him »he was horrififd
to find that his head was almost severed
from his body. Thomas Malone. brother
of the murdered man. surrendered to the
police to-day and acknowledged that he
had killed his brother. According to his
story Michael threw a stove lid at him
because he, refuged to go for beer, where
upon he felled Michael with a hammer.
The confessed murderer added:
"After he fell I carried him to the bed
and finished hire with a razor. He was
no account anyhow— always drunk and
fighting with every one. It waa no use
trying to live with him any longer."
ACROMEGALIA CLAIMS
A CHICAGO VICTIM
CHICAGO, Feb. I.— Georg© Rogers, -who
was known In the vicinity in which he
lived as the "bogie man," died to-day in
the County Hospital of a rare disease,
■which the physicians have called acro
mpgalia. or swelling of the bones. His
hands and feet were greatly swollen, and
hie Jaw was over four times the normal
length. The distance from the frontal
bone to the chin in the ordinary man is
eight to ten Inches, and in Rogers this
*»d grown to twenty inches. Although
the last shots and those that preceded.
The first two and the last shot were
noticeably louder than the intermediate
shots. He believed that ten or twelve
seconds elapsed between the first and
last shot.
Miss F. A. Coates, the telegraph op
erator at Napa, testified that on De
cember 1 George S. McKenzie caused
to be telegraphed the following mes
sage, addressed to Jesse Walters, at
Oakville:
Come down on the morning train to
San Francisco to identify man in Grigs
by robbery. I think you know him.
Objection was made by Attorney
Beerstecher to the introduction of this
message, on the ground that It did not
connect McKenzie with the killing of
Cook, and that it related to another
matter entirely. This elicited from Bell
the following statement:
We exepect to follow this up by show
ing that on the following morning George
S. McKensie and Jesse Walters went to
the city of San Francisco for the purpose
of looking for Alfred Cook and that this
message was sent to Jesse Walters; to get
him to go there to look for Alfred Cook.
Although the language is ambiguous it
applies to this case, and we will show by
the admissions of the defendant before
the Coroner's jury that he sent this tele
gram to Jesse Waters for the purpose
of having him go to San Francisco to
look for Alfred Cook. We will thereby
connect this telegram with thin murder.
We will show by another witness that
they were at this witness' house on the 2d
of "December, 1898. We claim that this
telegram was thus worded merely to
throw some one, perhaps an officer of the
law, on* the track, and that it was In re
sponse to It that Jesse Walters went with
McKenzie to San Francisco to look for
Alfred Cook.
We are going to show that there was a
conspiracy to hunt up Alfred Cook: we
will Bhow that McKenzie and Walters
were looking for Cook and that they
looked for him to kill him.
The court admitted the telegram as
evidence.
Mrs. M. Ray, of San Francisco, tes
tified that she kept a lodging house at
405 Van Ness avenue on December 2,
189S, when McKenzie and Walters vis
ited her house. McKenzie and Walters
talked about Cook. Walters asked Mrs.
Ray if any one visited Mrs. Walters
while Mrs. Walters stopped at the wit
ness' house. Walters said that" if Mrs.
Walters went to San Francisco and
Cook visited her, he would have an
officer there. Alfred Cook had called
at her house. She could not state
whether or not she knew Cook and Dor
man were one. Postal cards were sent
to Mrs. Ray by Mrs. Walters with in
structions x.r> communicate their con
tents to Cook.
"Did you ever deliver to Alfred Cook
any letters addressed to Alfred Dor
man"" asked District Attorney Bell.
This o.uestion nearly threw the wit
ness into a faint, and she begged for
a refined and educated man, he was so
sensitive over his appearance that he
withdrew from his friends and family and
lived in a barn in an obscure part of the
city. He was taken from the barn to
the hospital in a dying condition, and
after his death his brother-inlaw, at
Rogers' request, caused his body to be
cremated in order that the doctors might
not hold a post mortem "examination.
MARTHA A. SHELDON
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Claimed to Have Been the First
White Woman Married in San
Francisco.
GILROY. Feb. I.— Mr?. Martha A. Bhel
don died at the home of her son, William
H. Sheldon, near Sargents Station, early I
this morning. Mrs. Sheldon came to Call- !
fornia among the early pioneers, and |
claimed to be the first white woman
married in San Francisco. She was an
aunt of Mrs. Henry Miller and was re- :
lated to the late Mrs. Miranda Lux, who I
left her a legacy of $5000. She leaves two
children— Mrs. Arzella Lewis of Alameda
and W. H. Sheldon of Sargents Station. \
The funeral services will take place at i
St. Stephen's Episcopal Church. Gilroy, <
fm Thursday; interment at Lone Moun- j
tain Cemetery, San Francisco, on Friday. ;
Deceased was 71 years of age, and up to |
a year ago took a lively Interest in the
social life of the town.
— ... ♦
ELECTED BASEBALL CAPTAIN. ;
Chester G. Murphy the Choice of
Stanford Junior 6.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 1.-
The members of the junior class baseball
tf-am yesterday elected Chester G.
Murphy captain. The nine Is determined
to regain it? supremacy in interclass
baseball, which was taken from It last
year by the 01 class team. The contest
this season promises to be unusually ex
citing. The management Is depending on
these match games between the classes to
enable It to get a line on good material.
Chester G. Murphy, the new captain, is
a 'varsity player, having played last year
in the field. He is as much at home on
the diamond as he is on the gridiron, and
can handle equally well fhe sphere and
the pigskin.
WILL BE UNOSTENTATIOUS.
Plans for a Quiet Vanderbilt-Fair
Wedding.
NEW YORK, Feb. I,— Miss Fair's wed
ding to W. K. Vanderbilt Jr. on April 4
at the house of her sister, Mrs. Herman
Oelrichs, will be very quiet. There will
be neither bridesmaids nor maids of
honor. Young Mr. Vanderbilt will give
his farewell bachelor dinner the last week
In March.
Convict's Scheme Fails.
WOODLAND. Feb. I.— Walter do Carlo,
confined In the County Jail under a sen
tence to the State Prison for forgery,
has made several ineffectual efforts to
THE SA.N T FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1899.
time to recover herself. This was
granted. She then answered:
"No letters."
"Did you ever deliver any written
messages of any kind to Cook which
were addressed to A. Dorman?" con
tinued Bell.
"I don't remember."
The witness testified further that
Cook called three times at her house
when she saw him, and twice when she
did not see him. He introduced him
self as Mrs. Walters' friend. Mrs. Walt
ers generally referred to him as "that
man." She had learned Cook's name
from other persons in Napa when she
was on a visit here. She had heard
the name from ladies.
"Did Mr. Walters or Mr. McKenzie
ask you to suggest a good man to
shadow Mrs. Walters in order that they
might locate Cook?" was another ques
tion that caused the witness great agi
tation.
"I don't remember," she answered,
after considerable hesitation.
"Do you know James Cameron?"
came next.
"Yes, sir."
"Did you ever speak to him of the
visit of Walters and McKenzie?"
"Yes, sir."
"Did you ever tell him they might
have a job for him?"
"Yes, sir."
'Was it not to follow and watch Mrs.
Walters in order to locate Cook?"
"I think it was something of that
kind."
Walters and McKenzie told the wit
ness they wanted to get some man for
the purpose of having Cook arrested
for alienating the affections of Mrs.
Walters. Walters wrote to her after
this visit. She could not recollect what
was in the letter, as she tried to forget
all about the matter after the story of
the killing had been published in the
newspapers.
Peabody was recalled. He said that
he made a picture of Cook at Walters'
request and mailed it to McKenzie.
R. A. Brownlee. formerly under sher
iff with McKenzie, testified to the
friendly relations between McKenzie
and Walters. He also testified that un
der the instructions of McKenzie he
gave Walters a letter to Mr. Blakesley.
a photographer of St. Helena, asking
the latter to give Walters a picture of
Cook for McKenzie. McKenzie showed
the witness the photograph after its
arrival.
Charles Carter, a clerk in the Nana
postofflce, testified that McKenzie
called at the postofflce . to ascertain
whence came letters addressed to Mrs.
Fields. Witness declined to answer the
question as to whether he had ever re
ceived letters addressed to Mrs. M.
Fields on the ground that the instruc
tions to postmasters and postoffice em
ployes prohibited the giving out of such
information. The court instructed the
witness to answer, and he stated that
such letters had been received during
the latter part of 1898.
"Were any of these letters addressed
to Mrs. If. Fields delivered to Mrs.
Jesse Walters?" asked the attorney for
the prosecution. Witness believed he
had delivered a letter addressed to Mrs.
M. Fields, on an order from Mrs. Wal
ters, to William H. Coombs, some time
in November. Some of the letters bore
the postmark of railroad postofnees in
Sacramento County. One on more let
ters were postmarked Ryde.
During the early part of December
McKenzie called at the postofflce and
asked if . there were any letters for
Mrs. M. Fields. Witness said there
were none. McKenzie then" asked if
witness remembered the postmarks on
letters addressed to Mrs. Fields, and
witness said he thought the letters
came from the southern part of the
State. McKenzie called twice on the
same matter.
The examination was continued until
to-morrow.
! escape. His latent attempt was frustrated
i by the interception of a note which he
attempted to pass to a visitor, and in
i which he requested that the visitor man
| age to pass some files into the jail.
MISS McKENNA NOT TO WED
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.-An afternoon
paper in San Francisco a week ago print-
I ed in a prominent place the announce
; ment that Miss Marie McKenna.was en
| gaged to he married to Richard Kerens
! Jr. and that the marriage would be cele
j brated after Easter. This statement was
1 made as an authoritative one, coming
1 from Richard Kerens. The Call corre
spondent is authorized to make a denial
of this story.
"There is no truth in it," said Justice
McKenna to-day.
BOY BURGLARS CAUGHT.
Policemen Ward and Cochrane yester
day afternoon arrested two boys named
Charles Forrest, alias "Kid" Forrest, and
Edward O'Brien on suspicion of having
attempted to break into three houses in
the Western Addition last Tuesday night.
Shortly after 9 o'clock they tried to force
an entrance to the residence of Jacob
Strauss at the corner of Golden Gate av
enue and Franklin street. One of the
occupants heard them at work and put
them to flight. Subsequently they at
tempted to break into another residence
at Golden Gate avenue and Steiner, but
were frightened oft by the barking of a
dog.
About an hour afterward they pried
open the basement of a house near Turk
and Buchanan streets, but were discov
ered and driven away. The Forrest boy
■was seen by one of the occupants of the
house, who after the arrest positively
identified him. A short time ago young
Forrest was arrested for burglary and
sent to the Reform School. He was short
ly afterward released "on the promise to
behave himself in the future.
Red Pepper and a Hatpin.
Martin Bowers, foreman for William
McMahon, contractor, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Tread well's court yester
day for the arrest of Mrs. Emma Ward,
2 Tehama street, on a charge of threats
to kill. Bowers said that while he was
;,! work on Union street wharf Tuesday
afternoon Mrs. Ward threw red pepper
in his face and attempted to stab him
with a hatpin. She finished up by threat
ening to kill him within twenty-four
hours. Mrs. Ward accuses Bowers of
being the means of her daughter. Hazel,
13 years of age, being sent a week ago to
the Girls' Training Institute.
. ♦ ■ -
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
RETURNED.
Wednesday, February 1.
' Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, hence Jan 26,
for Grays Harbor, returned on account of carry
ing; away foremast head Jan 31. lat 35 50 N,
long 126 32 W.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived Feb I— Schr Abbie. hence
Jan 26,
TACOMA— Sailed Feb I— Br sttnr Tartar, for
Hongkong.
Arrived Feb I— Stmr Edith, from Alaska.
ESTERHAZY WARNED
HAS RUN AWAY
Leaves Paris to Avoid
Prosecution.
LITTLE HOPE FOR DREYFUS
EVEN HIS FRIENDS NOW FEAR
THE WORST.
The Exile So Angry He Will Give
No Testimony Unless He Is
Taken Back to
Paris.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Feb. I.— Count Ferdinand
Walsin Esterhazy was officially in
formed yesterday that his testimony
before the Court of Cassation in the
Dreyfus inquiry being concluded pro
ceedings against him on criminal
charges would be resumed in twentv
four hours. He left at once for an un
known destination by the Northern
Railway.
Count Esterhazy's flight to evade ar
rest on the charges brought against
him by his cousin, Christian Esterhazv.
of obtaining money under fraudulent
pretenses, has been the sensation of the
day. On reading the warning letter
which was brought to him by a detec
tive, Esterhazy swore and called the
letter a "canaillerie," a "trick worthy
of the beasts 1 have had to deal with."
It is understood that the hasty with
drawal of the safe conduct granted
him was the outcome of his cavalier
treatment of M. Bertulu, the magis
trate, and of his refusal to give further
testimony.
The latest victim of the anti-Dreyfus
party is the Grand Rabbi Zado Khan,
who is being denounced as the "ring
leader of the infamous Jewish con
spiracy against France" on the strength
of a story just published to the effect
that after Dreyfus was sentenced the
rabbi, at the request of Matthieu Drey
fus, tried to get. through a friendly
Jewish officer in Esterhazy's regiment,
same particulars as to the Count's
movements.
Le Soir demands the resignation of
the rabbi, and as the latter is virtually
a state official it is not unlikely that
the agitation will become a serious
matter for him. Curiously enough the
editor of Le Soir, which is one of the
mcst violent of the anti-Dreyfus or
gans, is himself a Jew, named Gastun
Hollonais.
According to a dißpatch to La Pr^sse
from Cayenne, the capital of French
Guiana, Dreyfus was so angry on learn
ing that Captain Le Brun Renault had
asserted that he confessed at the time
of his trial and degradation that he de
| dined to answer any more </f the ques
tions put to him by the Court of Cassa
tion unless taken back to France.
The most ardent supporters of the
theory that Dreyfus was unjustly con
demned now admit that there is no
longer the- least hope that justice will
be done. A prominent member of the
University of Paris, who I.om the first
has been a militant champion of a re
vision of the trial, says:
"For ninety-nine out of a hundred
Frenchmen the guilt or innocence of
j Dreyfus is a matter of sentiment. All
I the reasoning in the world would not
■ induce them to change their attitude.
There are millions of Frenchmen vyho
will insist upon Dreyfus' guilt in spite
of any proof to the contrary. A feature \
of the situation is that the attitude of i
this majority is dictated by motives ■
■which they believe to be deserving of
the highest respect. I admit that some
WILL BE THE CECIL RHODES
OF THE CHINESE EMPIRE
PEKING, Feb. 1. — The final contract of the mining concession of Mr.
William Pritchard Morgan, Member of Parliament for the Merthvr-
Tydvil division of Wales, in the province of Szechuen. has been signed.
It is understood that the contract secures for Mr. Morgan, in partnership
with an American syndicate and the Chinese authorities, control of all
the mines and oil fields In the prov nee. The Americans, it is added, pro
vide 25 per cent of th«j capital, the Chinese officials provide 30 per cent,
and Mr. Morgan is to provide the balance. Mr. Morgan, it is further as
serted, intends to start with a capital of £1,000,000, and proposes to ad
ministrate Szechuen on the same lines as followed by Cecil Rhodes in
South Africa.
It was reported from Hongkong some time ago that Mr. Morgan, in
addition to obtaining most valuable concessions in Szechuen, had ob
tained other very valuable concessions from the Korean government in
an area of about 260 square miles, where he and his associates were to
work all the minerals for seventy-flve years, their buildings and works
to be exempt from taxation and all materials and machinery necessary
for working the mines to be introduced into the country free of duty.
The Korean government, it wad added, was to receive royalty of 23 per
cent of the net profits.
of the Dreyfusards are much to blame
for this. The best cause may be |
ruined by disreputable adherents, and j
! there are men on the Dreyfus side of i
whom every patriotic Frenchman is :
! the natural enemy. While the ma- .
; jorlty of us have been merely demand- j
i ing that justice should be done, a pesti- .
! lent minority has made this demand an j
i excuse for virulent onslaughts on in
-1 stitutions we hold in great esteem."
In conclusion, the member of the unl- j
j verslty predicted that the result of the j
I agitation would be "an onslaught of '
j unparalleled violence on the Jews, as
the masses are convinced that they are
at the bottom of the whole trouble."
It is persistently reiterated in the lob- i
bies of the Palais Bourbon that the
committee of the Chamber of Deputies
now considering the Government's re
vision bill has already decided that the
allegations made by Quesnay de Beau
repaire against M. Loew and other
members of the criminal bench of the
Court of Cassation are without founda
| tion.
According to another rumor the com
mittee's examination of the dossier !
submitted by M. Mazeau, first presl- :
| dent of the Court of Cassation, on the ,
subject of M. Beaurepaire's charges
i shows it to contain letters eulogizing '
I the criminal section written by M. Ma- ;
zeau's own colleagues. The Mazeau
dossier is also said to contain a letter i
! from M. Loew declaring that the mem- j
bers of the criminal section have re- j
celved lettera almost without number ;
containing insults and threats of death, j
M. Loew's letter is also said to
explain that he appointed M. Bard, j
who is an unmarried man, to make
the original report on the Dreyfus case
la order that if these threats of violence
were carried out a whole family should
not be plunged into mourning.
ROTTERDAM, Feb. I.— Comte Fer
dinand Esterhazy arrived here to-day
from Paris and left immediately for
Amsterdam. .
Student Dangerously 111.
CLOVERDALE. Feb. 1.-Arthur E.
Cooley. a student of Stanford University
and secretary of the sophomore class, Is
home from college dangerously ill.
A CANAL BILL
TO BE PASSED
House Republicans Are
in Earnest.
HEPBURN'S NEW MEASURE
WILL PUT MORGAN'S SCHEME
TO ONE SIDE.
Plan Is for This Government to
Build the Great *Cana* as
Its Own Prop
erty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. I.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: The pros
pects for the enactment of Nicaragua
canal legislation are much brighter
than they have been at any time
since the beginning of the present ses
sion of Congress. The House Commit
tee on Interstate and Foreign Com
merce will meet to-morrow to resume
consideration of the subject, and it is
expected an agreement will be reached
to report a bill to the House.
The measure that will probably be
reported is the bill introduced in the
House by Representative Hepburn of
lowa, chairman of the committee. It
will not be reported, however, as a
House bill, but will be substituted for
the Senate bill, which is now before the
committee. In this way, while the two
houses pass measures differing entirely
in text, the House bill will be techni
cally an amendment to the Senate bill,
and the measure can thus be sent to
conference.
The general belief is that if the bill
can be advanced at this stage some
agreement can be reached that will re
sult in the enactment of a law during
the short time remaining before the ad
journment of Congress.
This will be one of the matters con
sidered at the caucus of the House Re
publicans, which has been called for to
morrow night to take action regarding
the order of business in the House dur
ing the remainder of the session. The
principal point of difference between
the Hepburn bill and the Morgan bill,
which has passed the Senate, lies in the
fact that the Hepburn bill ignores the
Maritime Canal Company entirely and
proposes to have the United States deal
directly with the Governments of Nica
ragua and Costa Rica and construct a
canal just as a harbor improvement
would be made in this country by ap
propriations direct from the treasury.
An amendment will probably be made
to the Hepburn bill to-ninrrow giving
the President authority to so negotiate
with corporations holding concessions
from Nicaragua and Costa Rica as
would enable him to pay the Maritime
Canal Company such sum as he might
find it entitled to.
LOST THEIR LIVES
IN THE SNOWSLIDE
VANCOUVER, B. C. Feb. 1. -Later de
tails from the snowslide at Rogers Pass
on the Canadian Pacific Railroad are that
the track will not be cleared before to
morrow afternoon. The dead are known
to be:
WILLIAM CATOR, agent.
MRS. CATOR and two children, Ethel
and Charles.
JAMES RIDLEY, engine wiper.
FRANK CARSON, operator.
A Chinese cook.
The injured are: Annie Verger, leg bro
ken: Frank Yager, bruised on the head .
! _ „_. j . . - ■J J .. J ADVERTISEMENTS. ...V. ■■■■•■■'...'■■■■■■■ -■'..-■•■-•■■■-•:■■:■■• : •
• • o • #00 •©•o©©oo©oooooooo©©©©©©o©o©eoo©ooo©ooooo ooo
]
• • jdaP^fljjiM "^ IS P a ' n ' n y our back can be cured. I know its *
cause. I have seen thousands of these cases and I have %
• j^P°B^^H , studied them for twenty years — hence I know them well, c
rN -JB^^AS^^f ' Can cure y° u w ' ' 1 Electricity, but not without it. •
/) 'MBBffl&BwaFSaiag Neither can any other man without Electricity. It carries •
• \ ial^^^^&vr v 8F '* s soothing, invigorating effect right into the nerves and J
• 'yHJ^Hiilip^B; ■/ muscles.. It adds strength, elasticity, and in two or three c
• j^^jiwW^ s ' - p* days you will be overjoyed when you get up from a chair ©
i \—» 3» The Pain Is Gone, °
j T ; ■ *%^ '■■« - ' -Jg ■ "That Belt which I received of you is good., i got it for lame '
;■-■..<:•'.< ' back, and the pain is all gone. now. I have not worn it all the '
|t T • *■'■ time. I have since been at work every day. The Belt is all:*
|Ji 0. X"— H. Brinkers, Quincy; Plumas County, Cal, Jan. 6, 1899 (
• . My Dr. Sanden's ■ Electric Belt will not fail you. ' It always cures because it always gives •
warmth, strength, elasticity; These are what your back needs. I know your trouble and will tell ?
you all about it if you will call. Consultation free, or write for my book about it. V >q
• DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN 702 Market : Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco
j 0 ' Office Hours— A. M. to 8:00 P. M. Sundays 10 to 1.
%':' '■■ "• *—-—— NOT IN DRUG STORES- ■'''' ; " "'" « ■ '•'•'.. ■■'.■■ v*
•••••• •• ••••••••> •• •»•• • • • •••••
THE THREE CONSULS
IN SAMOA HAVE A
DISAGREEMENT
Natives Do Little More Fighting,
but Foreign Representatives
Almost Cease Diplomatic
Relations.
AUCKLAND, N. Z., Feb. 1.-The fol
lowing advices have just been received
here from Apia, Samoa, under date of
January 24, from the correspondent of
the Associated Press:
There has been a collision of authori
ty between Chief Justice William L.
Chambers of the Supreme Court and
Dr. Joannes Raff el, the German presi
dent of the municipality, of Apia,
Herr Grosmuhl, a German resident of
Apia, who was arrested for smashing
the windows of the Supreme Court
chamber, was sentenced by the Chief
Justice to imprisonment and to pay a
fine. Dr. Raffel instructed the police
authorities to release Herr Grosmuhl,
whose fine was subsequently fixed at
$1000.
The German Consul, Herr Rose,
thereupon wrote to the American Con
sul, Lloyd W. Osborne. and the British
Consul, E. B. S. Maxse, protesting that
the action of the Chief Justice in fining
Herr Grosmuhl was an infringement
of German consular rights. Messrs.
Osborne and Maxse jointly replied in
their official capacity that, the proper
tribunal having dealt with the matter,
the consuls could not interfere. More
than this, they declined to have further
SOCIETY ATTENDS
THE HORSE SHOW
Brilliant Turnout at Los
Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. I.— The first
horse show ever held in Southern Cali
fornia opened this afternoon. Upward
of 2000 persons sought admittance. The
scene at Fiesta Park was calculated to
make one think that a great circus had
come to town. Before daybreak
hostlers were astir; by the time the
horses had been fed and watered ar
tisans began to. arrive to put the final
touches on their work.
For the most part the crowd was
from the ranks of the four hundred,
and the fair sex predominated. It
was a gay-appearing throng. Gowns of
brilliant hue and millinery that has
been designed especially for the occa
sion were in evidence, and when the
people were seated in the gaily decor
ated amphitheater a prettier scene
could not have been painted.
To-night the tents were brilliant with
arc lights around center poles, and hun
dreds of incandescent lamps glinting
among the fluttering pennants made
the gaily decorated boxes appear like
transplanted gardens with their ferns,
smilax and flowers. Flags festooned
the center of the arena.
Among the entries are the following:
Walter S. Hobart, San Francisco—Mon
arch. Performer, Damrosch and Seidl, Mr.
Hobarfs favorite four-in-hand park team;
Dip. Sparkle. Spot and Lightfoot; Cannon.
Mortar. Stars and Stripes, a black four
in-hand: King and Emperor. Czar and
Sultan, carriage teams; Pride and Preju
dice. Mrs. Hooart's park phaeton team;
Paragon and Peacock, tandem; Tommy
Tompkins Lancer, single-footer: Union
Square and Madison Square, December
Night and June Day, matched pairs of
browns. All of Mr. Hobarfs traps,
coaches, vehicles and turnouts arrived
yesterday— enough of all classes to fill one
of the bfg tents.
L. V. Harkness— Lady Gray and Mars.
dark browns; Major and Colonel, dark"
bays; Captain. Helpmate, Defender and
Policy, bays, four in hand.
A. Howard. San Francisco— Eva and
Doherty. strawberry roans, park team.
John Parrott, San Francisco — Green's
Rufus, Alabama and Sovereign; Paquita
and Prtita; Parrotfs four in hand—Am
ber. Sonata. Prig. Theory.
From Santa Barbara: M. R. Hamsch—
Maggie. Smut Clay.
R. B. Flthian— Straggler, Matchbox, Ro
merri.
From Los Angeles: Mrs. A. C. Sever
ance—Directus. Direct (2:06%), Bettie
Madison, Glendoveer, Rhoda, Peso, Pesa
to. Zip.
W. L. Wills— Larry. Figaro, Skewbald,
W. W. Hitchcock— Dewey.
J. W. A. Off— Ponies Black Beauty, Cap
tain Stamp.
Great preparations, are being made
for floral day (Friday), when the Los
intercourse with the German Consul or
the German municipal president, except
in writing, or to attend meetings, ex
cept to consider the acts of the muni
cipal council of Apia, unless an apology
with full retraction were offered for the
behavior toward Chief Justice Cham
bers. At the same time the Supreme
Court summoned Dr. Raffel for con
tempt of court in releasing Herr Gros
muhl.
There has been no further general
fighting between the partisans of the
rival chieftains since the last advices
were forwarded, except that a part
of Mataafa's followers was routed In
the bush by Malietoans. It is expect
ed, however, that fighting will be re
sumed, as Mataafa is rearresting per
sons who have been already fined
and released.
The work of pillage continues, among
the houses looted being Vailima, the
home of the late Robert Louis Steven
son, the novelist.
The exiled Malietoan chiefs w«re
landed at Pago-Pago, on the island of
Tutuila, the schooner on which they
\vere on being unable to proceed" to the
is and of Manau owing to adverse
winds. The Tutuilans gave them a
hearty welcome and attempted to
seize Mataafa's son, who was on board
the schooner, but the captain put to
sea.
Angeles fire department will appear
headed by Chief Walter Moore.
A contest not on the bills was con
cluded at 3:30 this morning. "Prince
Fortunatus" Hobart and S. W. Still
well, who hails from Montecito and
drives random races, wagered $100 on
the result of a match at random. The
terms of the contest were: Drivers of
random team to maneuver wild cay
uses through the intricacies of a double
eight figure and to avoid wooden ob
stacles. Mr. Hobart won the toss, and
so Mr. Stilhvell of Montecito had to
make the first showing, The upshot of
the affair was that the man from Mon
tecito could not trace a double eight.
Then Mr. Hobart took the ribbons, and
all the difficulties melted away. He
made his double eight the first time,
but knocked down a few obstacles. The
second time he mowed down only three
obstacles. Ringmaster Graham solemn
ly announced the palm awarded to the
San Mateo millionaire.
THE LAST OF THE HORSECARS
The Market Street Company to Be-
construct Its Downtown Roads.
The days of the horsecars in San Fran
cisco are about at an end. It is the inten
tion of the Market-street Railroad Com
pany to start Constructor H. H. Lynch
with his gang of road builders recon
structing its downtown lines just as soon
as the Parnassus avenue roart. leading
to the Affliated Colleges, is finished. Work
will be commenced on Sixth street at
Brannan and will be followed along the
line of that street to Market, up Taylor
to Geary, and down that street to Kear
ny and Market. Here a turn will be made
down Market to Sansome, thence north
as far as Jackson and up that street to
Montgomery, thence along . Montgomery
to Market and back to Geary, where the
double tracks will he used to the end of
the line at Brannan.
Over this entire line electric power will
be substituted for thr present bobtail car 3
th;u have been jogging along since the
city was in its inuait days.
The proposed work on the reconstruct
ed lines will be of the newest and best
BystNßi adopted for electric service. The
rails will be welded at the joints, thus
making one continuous rail from start to
finish and doing away with the bolting of
the rails, the manner of fastening in days
gone by. By the modern method a light
er rail is used, but by the welding pro
cess equally as solid work in obtained,
as there is no springing under the moving
car at railend joints.
In about six months the electric cars
will be seen spinning through the com
mercial center of the city. The Fifth
street horsecar line will then be the only
one left to remind the pioneer of his early
days.
Residence for Bishop Nichols.
The committee appointed at the Epls-
I copal convention last week to formulate
! plans and devise ways and means for the
erection of an episcopal residence for the
Right Rev. William Ford Nichols. Bishop
of California, met yesterday afternoon
and effected an organization. The fol-
I lowing officers were chosen: William
Babcock, chairman: Rev. William Carson
Sha*w. secretary; William H. Crocker,
treasurer. The Crocker-Woolworth Bank
was made the depository for all funds
collected for the purpose. A special com
mittee, composed of William Babcock, A.
N. Drown and William H. Crocker, was
appointed to take the initiatory steps
the matter. The well-known energy of
the gentlemen makes certain the aceom
| plishment of the desired object and a
beautiful mansion for Bishop Nichols will
soon add to the architectural beauty of
this city.QUARANTINE TO
BE MAINTAINED
Efforts to Stamp Out
Smallpox.
SITUATION IN LOS ANGELES
FREE VACCINATION STATIONS
ESTABLISHED.
All Persons Who Have Come Into
Contact With Cases of the
Disease Will Be
Isolated.
: I 1 ! -i atch to The Call.
l.< S ANGELES, Feb. I.— A special
meeting of the Board of Health of this
city was held to-day to discuss the
smallpox situation. The Health Officer
reported that there v.-ere at present
eleven developed cases of smallpox In
various stages of the disease and seven
almost recovered. There were also two
or three other cases under surveillance,
in which there were no definite symp
toms as yet. All the cases could be
traced, so the Health Officer though,
to the Hoeggermann cases on Thirty
ninth street and on Seventh and San
Pedro streets. Nevertheless, the cases
■were developing so rapidly that every
l'.>ssible requirement should be adopt
ed for preventing the spread of the
disease. This was especially true of the
requirements as to vaccination.
It was decided that all who had come
in contact with smallpox cases be
quarantined, according to the regula
tions of the board. A statement to the
public was prepared and given out Cor
publication as follows:
At the present time there are eleven
- trf smallpox in this city. Every pre
caution has been tnk^n by the heaJth de
partment to prevent the further spread of
the disease; but as an additional safe
guard the Board of Health recommends
general vaccination for all citizens. Sta
tions for free vaccination will be estab
lished at several places.
REPORT THAT MILES
WILL BE RELIEVED
This Is Probably One of the Fairy
Tales Sent Out by the Beef
Combine.
WASHINGTON. Feb. I— lt is reported
that Major General Miles will be relieved
of the command of the army and trans
ferred to the command of a department
or sent to await orders. The order for the
transfer. It Is said, went to the President
ready for his signature to-night and It Is
predicted that he will sign it to-morrow.
Hither Major General Merritt or Major
r;>] Brooke will be placed in com
mand of the army. Merritt is the rank
ing officer.
It la said the statement Miles gave out
in New York yesterday determined the
President to take action. Not only did
Miles repeat the charge that the army
implied with "embalmed beef," but
w< i.t further and declared that the
canned roast beef was mere "beef pulp"
from which all nutriment had been ex
tracted and that it was useless as food.
RECEIVED BY THE POPE.
Archbishop Ireland Granted an Au- \
dience at the Vatican.
ROME. Fob. I.— Archbishop Ireland was
received by his Holiness to-day.
LONDON. Feb. I.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle pays:
"It tfl asserted In the American colony
that the Pope, while conversing with
Archbishop Ireland, showed himself very
favorable to Americanism."
Loud Talks at Brooklyn.
WASHINGTON. Feb. I.— Congressman
Loud of California left Washington to
day for Brooklyn, N. V.. where he ad
dressed the Manufacturers' Association
of thru City this evening on "The Postal
Service of the I'nlted States."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
aClipld'4
Laaso.
J^P^KL^-^Sj^ way of the
yS'f^^Sr^&gsryiSSLtts a m an
/ v iPn Wr &n^ a nJa ' < -'
/ # jf ' their heads
\ together in
\f a confidential way. The
/fs9hkof* little frontiersman throws
( 'H^%^^ h ' 8 l asso over them and
V Vv \ there you are: two peo-
Jjc pie are made more or
< SWu\ «/""" less happy for life. If
V* she is a bright, healthy,
cheerful wife they will be more and more
happy as the years go on. If she is weak
and ailing and incapable there won't be
much happiness for either of them.
A woman makes a grave mistake who
enters upon the obligations and trials of
married life handicapped by physical
weakness or disease. It is her duty to be
in the best possible condition to support
the duties of wifehood and motherhood.
If every young woman who knows of or
suspects any unhealthy condition in her
physical make-up would seek competent
professional advice she would save herself
ranch future mortification and misery. Dr. j
R. V. Pierce, chief consulting physician of
the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute
of Buffalo, N. V., gladly answers confiden-
tial correspondence from women free of
charge and gives careful fatherly and pro-
fessional advice, to suit the individual case. '
He has, for thirty years been recognized
as among the most eminent of living spe-
cialists in the treatment of diseases pecul-
iar to women. His " Favorite Prescrip-
tion " is the only proprietary remedy in the
world designed by an authorized, educated \
physician specifically to cure female troub- j
Its. His great thousand-page illustrated j
book the "Common Sense Medical Ad- j
viser " will be sent free for 21 one-cent
stamps to pay the res! of mailing only.
For SI stamps a heavier cloth covered copy ;
will be sent.
Barbara A. Mudd. of Indiancreek. Monroe
Co.. Mo., writes: "I am very thankful for what
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription did for me. I
was all broken down from nervous prostration,
but since taking your medicine 1 have had more
relief than from ill the doctors. Your ' Favorite
Prescription ' did me a world of good."
The quick constipation - cure — Doctor
Pierces Pleasant Pellets. Never gripe.
Accept no substitute or imitation.
WrgmVLMLVS REINYIGORATOR
B^n^WM) l-iv>- hundred reward fur any cm*
HBH BBHf we cannot curs. This secrr: remedy
! ■ (tO(M nil lobnea in 24 hours, cures
jV"5g E2E? KnilMlons. Jmpntency. Varicocelo.
?T* (MR Gonorrhoea. Uieet. Fits. Strictures,
miil LjL|J Lost Manhood and all wasting el-
Jrtf-fl H^R| (cctaof pelf-abuse or excesses. Sent
K*2era2is2l sealed, (2 bottle: 3 bottles, guar-
anteed to cure. AddresnHALL'B MEDICAL IN-
KTITUT'S. 866 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Ala*
for sale at 10734 Market St.. 8. F. All prt-
vat* diseases quickly cured. Send for fr*» book.
sjrtßfi^fcii*'! iII ! *•!«*• nrri-poiitonnn
/('^lP^^al remedy f ( , r Gonnrrh.ra.
498r < 'CHEcT^hB <: ! « l . Spermatorrhoea,
/££!& in 1 toidaji.Nji Whites, v una rural dii-
Mftm Ocs:»ctred H chargcn, or any infiamma-
ji**B »<>' "> iwleinra. tion, irritation ur ulcera-
P>' ■IPriTepu cont«(ioB. tion of sincoui CIem-
fTTITHf EVANS CHEMintfiO. *> r »n«s. A'on-ajtringent.
\ggkc ,NCINM»TI,O MM * Ol- hr *»»"•»»'•«*.
V9HK V.S.X. . Bjoi 1 ""at in plain wrapper,
/■■W ' ' by express, prepaid, for
C 1 - - or 3 »>ottl»s; 1i.74.
>^*J^gig^V' □ Circular siut en Msjsafc
• .... L. .... ■ . .- <i n- <...<
CIGARETTES WENT
WITH THE SEWING
MRS. EMILE MERVY, wife of Dr.
Mervy of 411 Montgomery av
enue, has been "fretted" by her
dressmaker. Mrs. Lambert.
whose sign adorns the premises of
909 Post street. According to Mrs.
Mervy, Mrs. Lambert as a dress
maker is no good. According to Mrs.
Lambert. Mrs. Mervy as a patron
ess is delightful. Visiting dressmak
ers at the Mervy residence. In addi
tion to the supply of sheens, thread
and other accessories of the useful
art. are served with stimulants dur
ing the afternoon and an "Egyp
tian deity"— most delightful of lady
cigarettes—with their after-dinner
coffee.
Mrs. Lambert sewed for Mrs.
Mervy during November last. "I
made elegant gowns for the lady,
who does not know what she
wants." said Mrs. Lambert.
"She botched my dresses and
spoiled my material," Is Mrs.
Mervy'a version.
Whichever side may be right, it
nevertheless transpired that Mrs.
Mervy refused to pay Mrs. Lambert
a bill of $26, and for this sum the
dressmaker brought suit on January
21 In Judge Cook's court. Judge
Cook, being a bachelor, refused to
pass his opinion upon the fit of the
gowns and rendered judgment in
favor of the dressmaker.
This made Mrs. Mervy mad. and
yesterday she got a warrant In Judge
Graham's court charging the dress
maker with malicious mischief and
claiming that Mrs. Lambert, when
remonstrated with in regard to the
fit of a "tea gown," had unmerci
fully slashed the said garment.
Judge Graham found the defendant
guilty and ordered her to appear lor
sentence this morning.
Mrs. Lambert, excited and tearful
at what she considers the miscar
riage of justice, told a pitiful tale,
in which It appears that only her
sense of what Is right and decent
has saved her from straying along
the broad enticing path.
BOXING FOR
THE OELRICHS
GOLD TROPHY
First-Class Sport at
the Olympic Club.
WINNERS OF THE CONTESTS.
W. J. LEONARD WILL DOUBTLESS
CAPTURE THE BELT.
The Handsome Gymnasium Had an
Old-Time Crowd of Sport-
Lovers Present to See
the Mills.
The gymnasium of the Olympic Club
had the appearance of the good old days
last evening when the members gathered
en masse to witness the very excellent
programme of fisticuffs which was ar
ranged by the old Trojan of athletics.
John Hammersmith.
This was the first of a grand series of
boxing contests which will continue for
several months, and If all subsequent en
tertainments will be as good an that
! which was witnessed last evening by the
j large gathering of sport-lovers, it is safe
j to say that the Olympic Club will soon
i be as strong in membership— that is nu
merically speaking— as it has been in its
palmiest days.
M. Cerini of the Reliance Athletic
i Club and Stewart Carter (unattached),
I and one of the best judges of boxing on
i this coast, were selected as Judges of
the contest and James R. Smith of the
Reliance Club of Oakland, referee. The
announcer stated that the limit of eacn
bout must not exceed six rounds and
that the semi-finals would be decided on
! "Wednesday evening, the 13th inst., and
! the finals on some evening to be named
by I. <-ail»-r Hammersmith when the first
I series of each class arc finished.
The lightweights, or in other words, the
125-pound boxers, had their Inning last
evening with the following results:
Peter Duval of the Acme Club and T.
: MoKune of the Alvarado Athletic Club
] were the first brace to toe the scratch.
liuval had the better' of the first, round,
but In the second McKune limbered up
and smashed his opponent several times
:in the lace, which took considerable
j starch out of Duval's collar. In the third
| round Duval, advised by his secondß,
i went in for give-and-take punching, and
as a result he compelled his opponent to
j seek safety in retreat. McKune finally
: cried enough and quit before the end of
the round. The referee gave Duval the
decision.
The second event and which was really
the event of the evening, was the meeting
, between \V. J. Leonard of the Olympic
Ctub ami James Higgins of the San Fran
' Cisco Athletic Club, Leonard surprised
I the old-timers by the remarkable clever
ness be showed in ducking swings and
ability to Inflict punishment. He landed
! repeatedly on his opponent with right and
| left and Higgins looked like a red sign
; when the sixth and last round was
I fought. Leonard was given the decision,
| but Higgins. who fought a very game
' battle iigainst superior odds, was award
■ ci! by the officers of the club a special
prise for the gallant and manly stand he
; took when al! hope seemed to be lost to
I him. Higgins, excepting Leonard, was
j certainly the best man who competed
I during the evening. f
i John CapelißS of the Acme Club mil
| William Hosken of the Excelsior Club
1 were the next brace on the carpet. The
| first round was evenly contested. In the
second Hosken ai.noycd hie opponent by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1899.
"In the first place," said Mrs.
Lambert. "Mrs. Mervy brought the
suit in a spirit of revenge. I never
cut up the dress. It was an old.
cheap, soiled cashmere wrapper that
I was 'making over' for her. It was
short in front. There was no hem
at the bottom to let down, and ac
cording to her instructions I cut the
'wrapper' at the waist, lengthened
it that way and covered the piecing
with a velvet girdle. The dress, as
it appeared in court this morning,
was slashed all over. I never did
that.
"Mrs. Mervy," the dressmaker
continued, after she had brushed
away a few tears, "tried hard to
corrupt me. My husband is a cook
and I help him out by dressmaking.
Mrs. Mervy told me I was a fool to
do that. 'You have ftne black eyes,'
she said to me. 'Why don't you
bleach your head red and stop
working?' While I was working
there she used to give me whisky
to drink, and she insisted that I
smoke cigarettes after dinner to
keep her company. I had to do it.
but it made me dreadfully sick.
Then she got her colorf-d house
keeper to try to bring about my
downfall. That housekeeper has
been married five times, and she
told me that any time a man don't
suit she throws him off."
Mrs. Mervy fe^ls it is beneath her
dignity to deny charges brought by
a dressmaker.
"I'm sorry for the woman," she
said. "We ladies suffer so much at
the hands of the dressmaker that
I resolved to be the martyr and
make a dreadful example of Mrs.
Lambert.
"About the cigarettes I have noth
ing to deny. I do smoke one after
dinner. I learned to smoke in Lon
don. I smoke as an aid to digestion,
but 1 never Induced the dressmaker
to. She said she likea to smoke, and
out of pure kindness I let her have
the weed.
"As for my housekeeper, she Is a
perfect lady, and has only been
married two times."
The excitement of the dressmaker
contest has completely unstrung
both womt'i!. Mrs. Mervy hns ;in
attack of neuralgia. Mrs. Lambert
is hysterical.
left-handers on the nose, which drew
claret. In the third round Capelias sent
Hosken to the carpet with a well-directed
right on the point of the jaw. William
remained down eight seconds, but wncn
he regained his pins he fought his ground
Inch by inch. Hoskrn found tne floor
again in the fifth round, and came very
near being sent to dreamland before the
round ended. In the sixth Capeliss was
very tired, and Hosken won a great lead
on points. Referee Smith gave the
award in favor of Hosken. who knocked
the thumb of his right ha_d out of place
in the first round after which he used ».is
left altogether.
Otto Hasse of the Acme Club and E.
Wiley of the Sacramento Club finished
the evening's sport. The athletes boxed
six rounds. Wiley amused the members
by his grimaces and funny tactics.
Each time Wiley caught a stinger on the
nose he danced around the ring like a
merryman and returned to the charge
with renewed energy. He fought gamely
all through the "mill" and did some very
clever execution with the left, but his
right was practically useless, as he hit
with an open fist. Hasse got the de
cision on points, which count in scientific
boxing only.
The entertainment was first-class and it
goes without saying that It was much
enjoyed by the large crowd of gentlemen
present. ___________
TOO MUCH SPEED AND
AN OLD UNUSED SWITCH
WHAT CAUSED THE ALAMEDA
TRAIN ACCIDENT.
An Abandoned Siding Allowed to
Remain a Menace to
Life.
The accident on the Alameda narrow
gauge Tuesday evening, in which the lives
ofi 400 passengers were jeopardized and in
which Engineer Jonas lost his life, was
undoubtedly due to the indifferent If not
criminal method of operating the road.
Experienced railroad men believe the
cause of the accident was running a light
locomotive at a rapid rate of speed with
the tender before the engine.
When No. 19 pulled out of the mole the
tender was "light." there being little coal
and water aboard, and when It struck the
frog of the unused switch beyond the
curve it left the track. The switch was
built when the railroad company filled in
around the curve and removed the trestle,
and since the work was complete it has
remained there, a menace to the lives of
the thousands of Alnmedans who daily
patronize the narrow-gauge line.
The officials of the road are investigat
ing the cause of -the accident, but. as
usual, do not offer any explanation. They
say it was a fatalism which can never be
explained.
The heart-broken widow of the brave
engineer whose life WU sacrificed lies
prostrated in her desolate home. Hun
dreds <>f sympathetic friends and neigh
bors called yesterday to condole with her,
but none were allowed to see her.
Henry Jonas, the dead hero, was a
member of the Masons' and Odd Fellows*
lndgex of Alameda and tho Brotherhood
of Locomotive Engineers. These organi
zations will have churge of the funeral,
which will be held at 10 a. m. to-morrow
from tho Masonic Temple in Alameda.
The dead engineer was known to all the
older residents of Alameda, and his ter
rible and untimely death has caused uni
versal regret. He was a man of upright
character and kindly temperament and
his devotion to his family was seldom
equaled. His fellow-workmen refer to
him with words of affection and his
neighbors feel that they have met with
an irreparable loss.
In the Divorce Courts.
Alice H. Franz has been granted a di
vorce from George Franz on the ground of
willful neglect. Phillppina Hauser ha*
been granted a divorce from John Hauser
on the Rround of willful neglect The
petition for a divorce recently filed by
I,illie May Doe for a divorce from Otis F
Doe was heard yesterday, and Mrs Doe
was granted a divorce on the ground of
willful desertion. Alexander J. Hepburn
has sued Alice Hepburn for a divorce
« Hoping deßertion. Caroline Stoehr asks
for a divorce from Anton \V. Stoehr on
the ground of cruelty.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
RAINFALL AND
COLD WEATHER
Heavy Precipitation Be
low Tehachapi.
CROPS GREATLY BENEFITED
MOISTUBE REMOVES DANGER
OF FROST.
In the San Joaquin Valley and Other
Sections of the State There
Are Intermittent
Showers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. I.— A few drops
of rain fell here at noon to-day, with
favorable indications for a good show
er. This brought joy to the fruit grow
ers, as they were fearful of a frost.
The remarkably warm weather of the
past week or two has brought out the
buds at a rapid r^te, and a freeze at
this time would do incalculable injury
to the fruit crop. All conditions at the
present time are favorable.
RIVERSIDE, Feb. I.— Rain began
falling here this evening, with every
prospect of continuing. The rain is
timely, as grain was badly in need of
moisture.
GILROY, Feb. I.— Rain commenced
falling this morning, and continued in
showers during the day. Up to date
over 9 inches have fallen. Crops are all
planted.
♦
o
♦
o
MILTON, Feb. I.— Last evening the
weather changed from mild and spring
like to cold and blustering, but not ac-
companled by rain. To-day was cloudy
and threatening and a light rain fell,
and with the wind blowing briskly from
the rainy quarter a good rail is an
ticipated. The mild weather has been
beneficial to this section, and with a
good rainfall now the outlook will be
exceedingly promising for a prosperous
season.
SALINAS, Feb. I.— Owing to recent
rains, and consequently better pastures
many of the large stock owners of this
county are shipping their cattle from
northern counties to the ranches in this
district. Many ranches have had their
cattle over in the Pajaro Valley, feed
ing them on beet pulp, but are now re
turning their stock to this county. The
pasturage is reported as being fine at
the present time.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. I.— lt began rain
ing here at 8 o'clock to-night. Rain is
reported from- La Mesa and Escondldo.
The present rain is greatly needed.
There is a very large acreage of grain
that is just up. and rain is needed to
give It a good start. With a moderate
precipitation now the immediate out
look for crops in this county will be
very bright.
STOCKTON, Feb. I.— About .13 ff an
inch of rain fell in this city this even
ing, and the indications to-night point
to more. There was a light shower up
the valley, and at Clauston .35 Is re
ported. The rain improves the crop
conditions, and the small amount re
reived will partially overcome the very
hot weather of the past ten days.
SAN JOSE, Feb. I.— A slight sprinkle
of rain fell during the night and several
times during the forenoon there were
light showers. So far the total is but
a trace. There has been a great fall
in temperature since this time yester
day, and there was some snow on the
mountains, both on the east and west
side of the valley. The unusually warm
weather of the past ten days or two
weeks hps advanced vegetation too rap
idly. The almond trees are budding.
No other fruit shows much advance
ment yet. Grain has grown wonder
fully, and "should there be cold weather
it might suffer, as it is exceedingly ten
der, resulting from the rains first and
warm sup since. The total rainfall to
date is 6.20 inches. The wind is now
from the south- barometer, 29.80.
SANTA ORT T Z. Feb. 1. — Shower* of
rafn fell last night and to-day. It is
cold. ■ _____
RYAN LANDS FREELY
ON TOM SHARKEY
Forfeit Put Up to Bind a Match Be
tween the Sailor and
Fitzsimmons.
SYRACUSE. N. V., Feb. I.— Eighteen
hundred people witnessed the six-round
bout between Tommy Ryan and Tom
Sharkey before the Monarch Athletic Club
to-night. The event was purely an exhi
bition. In which the Syracuse man clearly
demonstrated that he was far the superior
of his antagonist as a boxer, landing
freely. Sharkey was somewhat dazed at
the showing and frequently laid himself
open. No damage was done by either
man.
Tom O'Rourke said to-night: "I have
forwarded to-night a certified check for
$2500 to bind a match between Tom Shar
key and Bob Fltzslmmons before the club
offering the largest purse, the referee and
conditions to be mutually agreed upon as
soon as a club qualifies."
NEW YORK, Feb. I.— The time having
elapsed for Tom O'Rourke to cover Fitz
simmons' $2500 for a fight between Fitz-
Bimmonp and Sharkey. O'Rourke came to
night with a propostion that looks like
business. From Syraceuse he sent the
following dispatch to John Boden Jr., a
well-known sporting writer In this city,
which will probably have the effect of
bringing the Australian and the sailor to
gether. The telegram was as follows:
I have forwarded certified check for $2.*00
to you to-night as a forfeit to bind a match
between Tom Sharkey and Bob Fltzslmmons,
to be decided before the club offering the
largest purse, referee and time of contest to be
mutually agreed upon. I will meet either Fitz
slmmons or his representative at any time con
venient to both of us. to sign articles as snon
as the club is forthcoming with a suitable
purse.
HERMAN WACHHORST DEAD.
Passing of a Well-Known Jeweler at
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. I.— Herman Wach
horst, the well-known jeweler, who had
been In business In this city for about
forty years, died to-night. It was his
store that was robbed of $8000 worth of
diamonds In 1893, of which theft Horace
Black was accused. It was a sensational
affair. Once since then Wachhorsfs
store was robbed of a tray of valuable
diamonds Deceased was a few years
ago a member of the Board of City
Trustees.
Three Winning Favorites.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. I.— Weather cloudy;
track good. , '■■ Takanassee, Tendresse and Mtz
pah were the winning favorites. Results:
' . First ' race, ; six : furlongs— Takanassee won.
Tinkler second. Command third. Time, 1:15%.
Second race,' selling, " mile and ■a ■ sixteenth—
Tendresse won. Our Clara second, Colonel Eads
third. Time, 1:51. '
Third race. - Belling, mile ' and :■" a quarter
Sadie Levy won. Aunt . Maggie second, Squan
third. Time,' 2:10%. . .
. Fourth . race, handicap, seven • furlongs— Mlz
pah won. Debrlde second. Banish third.- Time.
l:28»4. .:: '.f • •■ ■ • ■:"■'■ ■'-■■■ -■ ••■;; ;;:,i
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs— Prestar won.
Reel • second, Minnie Weldon third. Time.
1:15«4.' .■ -•-, . - •  ;.,' - v
Sixth race, selling,, Agitator won, Ben
Ronald second,' Sir Blaze third. Time, 1:43%.
Pr. D 1 Evelyn, returned from the East. Offlc*.
Phelan buildin*. •
SEEKING GOLD IN
THE MARIN HILLS
Prospectors FIocK to tf)e Scerje
of the Discovery Near
Larkspur.
LARKSPUR, Feb. I.— Since the news of the discovery of gold at
Escalles Station was published in The Call the gold fever has
broken out in pronounced form in Marln County and the contagion
has spread across the bay. For two days the mountains in this
vicinity have been thronged by people eager to gather in the yellow
nuggets. They are armed with picks, shovels, drills and other in
struments belonging to the prospectors' kit.
Early Monday morning about twenty persons from across the
bay got off at Escalles and climbed the hillside. Some of them were
so bold as to start prospecting on the upper end of the vineyardist's
property, and he has had to keep a vigilant watch in order to keep
his vines from being uprooted. Others wanted Escalles to form a
company and let them be shareholders. One man carried a small
compass-like instrument which he claimed would locate gold if
brought within fifty feet of a ledge. He was the same person who
tried to induce Leo Goetz to let him locate the cache where Bandit
Newton's gold is believed to have been burled on Reservoir Hi!!,
near West End Station, San Rafael. The redoubtable Goetz him
self deserted his first love and came down with pick and shovel to
prospect near here to-day. Both Escalles and his wife express their
sorrow that the news of the discovery ever became public property
and hope the excitement will soon die out.
A REFRIGERATING
STEAMER FOR DEWEY
THE CELTIC WILL CABBY I'BESH
MEAT TO MANILA.
San Francisco Yacht Club Will Elect
N|w Officers — A Very Strong
Ticket in the Field.
The United States refrigerating steamer
Celtic arrived yesterday from New York.
She accompanied the battle-ships Oregon
and lowa from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
"Ac Celtic brings the news that the lowa
is close to port, having anchored in Mag
dalena May to fill her bunkers from the
coal ship Justin.
The Celtic was the first vessel of her
class purchased by the Government and
she was used to carry refrigerated meat
to Sampson's blockading squadron. She
was manned by the North Carolina Naval
Reserve and did excellent service during
the war. She will carry fresh meat from
California to Dewey's fleet at Manila,
Yesterday afternoon she went up to Mare
Island, and after being overhauled will
make her first trip from this port.
Before the war the Celtic was the Brit
ish ship Celtic King and carried frozen
beef and mutton between Australia and
England. She was owned by the Federal
Steam Navigation Comparry of Liverpool,
and is 3735 tons gross register. Her beam
Is 44 feet and mean draft 24 feet 9 inches.
She is equipped with a compressed air re
frigerator plant, with a capacity of 120,
--000 cubic feet, which plant is in charge, of
two experienced engineers. There are on
the ship fourteen officers and 105 men.
The Celtic's officers are assigned as fol
lows: Commanding officer, N. J. K.
Patch; lieutenant and executive officer,
W. S. Hogg; ensign, C. T. Vogelsang;
ensign, J. M. Luby; ensign. F. H. Brum
by; acting boatswain, John E. Murphy;
acting passed assistant engineer .T. P. Neil
son; cadets, H. C. Dinger and A. N.
Mitchell; assistant paymaster, Franklin
W Hart; pay clerk, C. A. Davis; acting
surgeon, W. E. G. High; refrigerating
engineers, H. C. Young and R. C. Bab
cock.
The yachting season will soon open,
and the San Francisco Yacht Club is
about to elect officers. The following
ticket is already In the field: Dr. A. W.
McKenzle, yacht Sappho, commodore; Dr.
V. P. Buckley, Unknown, vice commo
dore; James Kitterman, America, port
captain; L. Q. Haven. Alberta, financial ]
secretary; E. C. Bartlett. Frolic, recording j
secretary; I. Gutte, Chispa. treasurer;
M. Turner. Villain, measurer.
Dr. McKenzie has recently purchased
the yacht Sappho, and is going to tit her ;
with" new sails and put her in first-class ;
condition. She is now on the ways at
Sausalito.
Dr. Buckley is having a new yacht built.
She is expected to be a crackerjack, but
has not yet been named.
James Kitterman is the owner of the
fine launch America. He is an enthusias
tic yachtsman, and will be a welcome
addition to the ranks of the San Fran
ciscans.
L. Q. Haven has forsaken the wind
jammers and is now owner of the launch ■
Alberta. His old love, the Sappho, will .
still remain flagship of the squadron. E. :
C. Bartlett of the Frolic and I. Gutte of
the Chispa are known to every yachtsman
in California, while M. Turner of the Vil
lain is known all over the southern seas.
His yacht has not been seen much in the
bay." as Captain Turner's home is at Be
nicia This year, however, he is going i
In for yachting, and the crack boats will j
have to look to their laurels. With such I
officers at its head .the San Francisco
Yacht Club shou.d have an even more
successful year than the last one was.
LIFE AND ACCIDENT INSURANCE.
49TH ANNUAL STATEMENT, CONDENSED,
LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY,
HARTFORD, CONN.
MORGAN G. BULKELEY, President.
Assets, January 1. 1899 $ 50,227,020.81
Liabilities to Policy Holders (reserve) and all other
claims 42,98 t,J)«K. 70
Surplus as to Policy Holders, January 1, 1899 7,24.">,052.02
Payments to PoHcy Holders, in 1898 4,7<»4.4«0.71
Premium receipts in 1898 «,421 .702.00
Interest receipts in 1898 2,442,1 Olt.OO
Totnl receipts in 1898 8,8«3,89.">.00
Life Endowment and Term Policies issued and revived
in 1898, 11,600, insuring 21,079,183.50
Life Endowment and Term Insurance in force January 1,
i 899 157,:502.0:J2.00
Accident Insurance in force January 1, 1899 109&81.120.00
Paid Policy Holders since organization 100, 503,450.02
yEtna's Life's Gains in 1898.
INCREASE \ INCREASE
In New Premium Income...? 172,925.00 I In Life, Term and Endow-
In Total Income 366,343.00 j ment Insurance in force. ..$6,731,034.00 !
In Assets 2,642.053.00 :I" Accident Insurance in
In Surplus'!'^" 357,178.00 j for^ 8,677,950.00
I In number of Policy Holders, 7093.
TOTfIL INCREASE in Insurance In force, $15,408,984.00.
H. B. HOUGHTON, Manager,
PACIFIC COAST AGENCY,
SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING 328 MONTGOMERY STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
JOHN H. STEVENS,
METROPOLITAN AGENCY,
. ACCIDENT DEPARTMENT.
ORGANIZE FOR THE
WELFARE OF THE MISSION
BUSINESS MEN MEET AND FOR-
MULATE PLANS.
An Enthusiastic Movement in Favor
of Bitumen, More Lights and
Improved Sewers.
The Mission Business Men's Associa
tion met last evening at Native Sons'
Hall, Seventeenth and Valencia streets,
and effected a permanent organization.
This association has for its object the
welfare of the Mission district, especial
ly as regards public improvements, the
development of trade and the encourage
ment of manufactures. The movement
was inspired by Messrs. E. S. Harrison
and W. C. Morrow, editors of the Out
post, and is finding hearty support among
the Mission merchants.
The plans are modeled after those of
the Merchants' Association. Among the
first improvements contemplated is the
bituminizing of Valencia street. The mat
ters of better sewers and more street
lights are also being discussed.
Louis J. Goldman presided and E. S.
Harrison was secretary. '
A constitution and by-laws were adopt
ed. The following nominations were made
for a board of directors, to consist of ten
members, who are to be elected Wednes
day evening, February 8: H. H. Mani
fold, J. H. Boyson, H. B. Arnold, L. A.
Souc, W. J. Pattoslen, Fred 1.. Waibel, L.
J. Goldman, W. J. Kenney, Edwin Miles,
Eugene McCoy H. F. Wynne, R. F. Buck
man, F. W. Warren, Eugene d'Artenay,
Gus Liichman, W. Brusker, E. S. Har
rison.
Following is the present membership of
the association. A considerable number
of accessions is expected before the next
meeting:
H. H. Manifold, 947 Valencia street; J. H.
Boyson, Twenty-nYst and Valencia; H. B. Ar
nold. Twenty-first and Valencia; Louis Kuh &
Co., 026 Valencia; L. A. Souc & Co.. 465 Valen
cia; A. B. Knox. 900 Valencia; A. Mautz & Co.,
2520 Mission; Golden Gate Undertaking Co.. Z42.)
Mission; Pattoalen Company, corner Sixteenth
and Mission; Fred L. Walbel, 3035 Sixteenth;
O'Dwyer & Co., 3027-3029 Sixteenth; Goldman &
Son, 3057-3061 Sixteenth; William Mulvln i Wil
son's Market). 3041 Sixteenth, near Valencia;
Charles E. Goss. 2100-2104 Mission: Bruns Bros.,
Sixteenth and Mission: Charles Rehn. 2030 Six
teenth; Speiilns? & Stolzenwald, 2020 Mission;
Henry Haab, 30:!fi Sixteenth: W. J. Kenney
(Kenney Bicycle Co.). 531 Valencia; Edwin
Miles, 547 Valencia; McCoy & Nesbltt. 3002
--3004 Sixteenth; H. F. Wynne, Folsom and
Twenty-second; H. F. Bucknam, 2556 Folsom;
Peter Crlchton, 109 Baker: San Pedro & XL
Dairy Co., Charles C. Ehrer. secretary; James
Burke. 3026 Twenty -second; Lippman Bros.,
2404 Mission; 11. C. Bunker & Co., 2fi66 Mission;
Mission Masonic Hall Association; F. W. War
ren 1250 Valencia; John A. Priscoll, 1206 Va
lencia; John W. Kin?. 1<149 Valencia; E. R.
Pease, 1009 Valencia; T H. Corcoran & Co.,
1201 Valencia; E. M. Wlnegar, 1318 Valencia:
Gus Laehman. 439 Valencia: W. Brusker, 3069
Sixteenth; Eugene d'Artenay. Twenty-fourth
and Potrero avenue; J. C. Ohrlandt. 1220 Po
trero avenue; S. Schwartz, 2704 Twenty-fourth;
W. J. Connolly. 2720 Twenty-fourth; W. L.
Kelly. 1337 Valencia; Harrison & Morrow (The
Outpost), 1243 Mission.
ISABELLA STOCK BOOMS.
Becovers Its Former Value After the
Bear Raid at Denver.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Feb. 1.-On
Tuesday night Isabella stock wound up at
$1 29 after a bear raid, but to-night $1 60
and $1 fio is again bring freely offered for
it on the curb. Curb reports on other
mining stocks are all bullish, and an
other wild day on 'change is looked for
to-morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIALISTS.
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are i
noted for their quick and
lasting cures. Nervous de-
bility, lost vitality, all simi-
lar troubles and contracted
ailments soon yield to their
successful treatment. .Con-
sult them for a new lease
of life, strength and a ro-
bust constitution. Advice
free.
No Pay Till Cure Is Effected^ !
| Ml PUT THE MONEY IN
BANK— Patients who have
j the least doubt about be-
j ing cured may deposit the
price of a cure in any bank
or with any well-known
business house or newspa-
i per in San Francisco, such
! deposit NOT to be paid to
Dr. Meyers & Co. until the
patient is convinced that he
i is permanently cured.
If patients 'prefer they
may pay in monthly install-
ments, or they may pay the
i entire price for a cure di-
rect to the doctors and thus
obtain a liberal discount.
!
■ DR. MEYERS & CO. have
■ the . largest and I best
equipped medical institu-
tion and the "most extensive
practice in America. : Home
cures a specialty. If you
cannot call, write for" free
book for men only, advice
and treatise on any disease.
All letters confidential. No
j printing on envelopes or
packages.
Prices reasonable in all
cases, whether the sufferer
is rich or poor.
All cures are lasting as
life. No poisonous or dan-
gerous drugs ever dis-
pensed.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market Street, S. F.
Elevator Entrance.
No Crops Will Crow
On certain tern lands unless streams of living
water be carried to every part. It is thus that
vho principle of life is carried throughout our
bodies by the nerve system. We say, and »ay
rightly, that THE NERVES ARE THE
LIFE, and If from any cause they be enfeebled
or broken down, the miseries that result are
BEYOND ALL, TELLING. Lassitude and
debility, sleeplessness and discomfort, gloom,
fretfulness and incipient mania, loss of vital
powers, and the tendency to consumption, and
other fatal maladies are all due to this.
THE FAMOUS
PERFECTO TABLETS
are the sure remedy and preventive for all these
evils. Impart vitality, vigor and potency, give
relief to insomnia, falling memory and evil
dreams. Repair die effects of excesses and In
discretions— brace up the entire system.
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One SO Cents 6 Boxes at S3. CO, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Care or
Vital Energy. Money Refunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building. Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
GREAT REDUCTION SALE
FURNITURE
AND
CARPETS !
A tremendous line of all grades of FURNI-
TURE, CARPETS, ETC., Just arrived too late
for holiday trade. As we are greatly over-
crowded we have marked all goods at aston-
ishingly low prices for the month of January.
Call and convince yourselves.
;'.<.;; Liberal credit to all.
T. B. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR ARONSON FURNITURE CO.
3JB and 340 Post St.. bet. Stockton and Powell.
Tel. Main 1850. Free delivery across the bay.
go ooooooooooooq
d w PALACE wj
I GRAND hotel? «
q BAM mHAMCt»CO. Z
*? Connected by a covered pauigeway. . "
• 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. *"
0 .All Under One Management. fl
0 HOIK THE P&IOSB: - <jj
ft European PI an '.Sl. oo per day and upward 12
5* American Plan. sB.oo per day and upward M
Q Correspondence) Solicited. a
0 Win? 0. lIEE7A7BIOK, Maa»g»r. 2
Soooooooooaooooooj
fffCglStti . Dr. Wong Him, No*.
iRSSBRSJsYtiv 115 and 117 Mason street.
l£gs£~'~"'*£y fan Francisco, Cal. —
■p" V Is to certify that I have
j5/Sf^ f been for several year»
WT'A * i ' a great • eufferer from
Yf'm& I ' Wright's Disease of th«
Mitt&Zr / Kidneys, a tumor In the
jßxtesv. / left side and other dls-
yfflßff>»Ji>^ r^S^V eases Incidental to fe-
dWHT^ i dtflW^ki males ■ that I have for
*'■>'■ HmhHW weeks and months at a,
«SS«affi!3fcj6B» time been totally .unable
to attend to my domestic affairs, and much of
j the time confined to the bed. Nothing could
be done for me that afforded more than tempo-
rary relief. About three months ago I wa» ad-
vised to place myself under your treatment.
On my first interview, after feeling my pulse,
you described my condition more accurately
than I could have done myself. After using
four medicine and following your advice since
that time I am very happy to say I have en-
tirely recovered my health; am fully able to
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a large
family of children; indeed, for the past 15 or 21
rears I have not enjoyed as robust health.
MRS. HETTIE E. LOWE.
3STI 24th street, San Francisco. Cal.
October 18, 1883. -. ■ '
~DR.MCOTLTY.
ri^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i. Specialist cure* Private, Nervous, ami Blood Dis-
eases o/ Men only. Boo* on I'rivute Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. OverSOy'rs'pxperience.
Patients at Home. Terms reasonable. Hound
to3daliy ; 6.30 to 8::* ev'gs. Snmtor*, in to 12. Consul,
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddresa
P. UOSCOE aIeXUEiTYVai.D. :
20' j Kearny St.. San Francisco. Cal.
W.^??!± '
£
MARKET ST. Sf.^Siaiy
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD- USE ".DAMIAKA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy;: gives, health and
Btraogth to sexual organs. Depot, : 323 Market.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year.
56
THI FEBRUARY 2, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addrc-ss All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
LDiTORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, IS CKNTS PER WEEK.
Sirgle Copies. 5 cents
Terms by Ma.l, Including Postage:
DAILY ("ALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months UAH)
D.MI.V CALL fincludinfir Sunday Call), 3 months I.RO
ALL. one year 1.50
MEEKLY CALL, one year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
I>C\V YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
,
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfcs House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquettc Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
Columbia— "The Idol's Eye."
California— "Why Smith Left Home."
Alcazar— "Peaceful Valley."
Tivol "La Periehole."
Vaudeville.
Chutes and Zoo— Pianka, the "Lady of Lions."
Olympia — Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Metropolitan Temple— Piano Recital Monday evening, Feb-
ruary 6.
Oakland Race Track— Races T. -day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfleld— This day, at 11 o'clock. Furniture
at Hyde street, near ':.-.
JOHNSON AND BURNS.
IF there is any member of the Legislature without
excuse for his advocacy of Dan Burns, Grove
L. Johnson is the man. He has been a lawyer of
recognized ability for many year?. He has served
gress and has met and heard the great men
who, in the Senate of the United State*, speak for
seventy-five millions of people as well as for their re
spective States. He is familiar with the qualifications
Federal Senator should possess, and without
which he is a nonentity or a disgrace. Yet he de
y supports Dan Burns, and. when so mon
;; candidacy evokes criticism that ought to be
unnecessary, he tries to place shackles on the limbs
of the press.
Mr. Johnson knows better. He is not acting in the
(iark, or in ignorance. There is no journalist, legis
lator or citizen in the State who more fully compre
thc truth that, on his merits in statesmanship,
apart from the niriuences by which he is surrounded
and saturated, Dan Burns could not be elected a
Supervisor. About this there is no possible mistake.
The only claim ever put forward for the gentleman
from Mexico was that he had been assailed by two
newspapers. Such an argument on its face is not
cnly absurd but stupid. There is no additional ele
n.ent through which it can be strengthened by Mr.
Johnson or by any one else. The situation is unique
because, in the face of day. wantonly and maliciously,
these indescribable pretensions are backed by un
scrupulous intelligence and hold the. Legislature
deadlocked.
The Assemblyman from Sacramento for years
seems to have made it his business to antagonize the
public at every point. He acts as a disappointed man
Aho is too narrow to rise above the surface of a
petty revenge. The spectacle of intellectual faculties
bent to a set and malignant purpose, and using offi
cial station without regard to the public interest, is
not only unfortunate, but a waste of opportunity.
But Mr. Johnson appears to glory in his own shame
and employs his legislative station for the ventilation
of Li- own personal grievances and the pertinacious
advocacy of men and measures injurious to his im
mediate constituents and obnoxious to that larger
constituency upon which his reputation must depend.
He berates the press and abuses his privilege by per
petually committing the very acts he professes to
condemn. To rise under the sting of criticism, like
a hyena from his lair, and show his teeth and spit at
journalism, is a mean attitude for a statesman, and a
display only equaled by the obstinate support of a
Senatorial candidate whose catalogue of qualifications
15 nothing but a stained blank.
Tennyson informs us that 'men may rise on step
ping-stones of their dead selves to higher things,"
but the ex-Congressman is proving that through their
dead selves men may sink to unfathomable depths.
VOTING MACHINE TESTS.
DESPITE the recent exposure of a conspiracy
to defraud the State through the introduction
of a system of conducting elections by means
of balloting machines, the Legislature is giving con
siderable attention to the subject, and bills providing
for making tests of such machines have been intro
duced into both the Senate and the Assembly. It is
r ight that this should be so. There is no reason why
a desirable reform should be delayed simply because
some rascals have been detected in a scheme to make
a profit out of it.
Th results of extensive experiments with balloting
machines in the East have been sufficiently satisfac
tory to render it certain that sooner or later the
whole country will adopt the system. It is superior
to the present method in every respect. It is more
economical, more accurate, more speedy and is free
from liability to frauds or errors in counting.
The only effect of the discovery of the scheme to
defraud the State in the purchase of the machines
will be that of putting the people on guard and mak
ing the officials more careful and wary in adopting
the system than they would have been otherwise.
That will delay the introduction of the method to
some extent, but the delay may prove beneficial, for
in the?e. as in all newly adopted machines, improve
ments will be made rapidly and the price will fall. A
year or two years from now we may be able to pur
chase better machines than could be obtained at pres
ent and at less price.
While ihe delay necessary to make sure of starting
right and of getting the balloting machines at a
reasonable price will not be objected to, there will be
a good rieal of gratification in the fact that steps are
to be taken at once to make thorough tests of the
different machines and thus prepare the way for their
adoption. Our present balloting system is cumber
some, costly, slow, inaccurate, and subject to various
kinds of frauds in the counting. It will be a good day
U the State when we can have all ballots received,
registered and counted by a mechanism that works
with precision and is not subject to the human infirm
ities of the average election officer.
There is no denying that a desperate prisoner with
access to matches and kerosene can create an interest
ing time.
SENATOR PERKINS AND THE TREATY
ON the sixth day of this month Senator Perkins
will have the opportunity of his life. Believ
ing in popular government, in which every
true American agrees with him, he invited a legis
lative instruction that was contrary to his own per
sonal convictions, and which, upon reflection, we'
hope he may deem it his duty respectfully to disre-
gard. If the question were the improvement of San
Pedro harbor or the deepening of the Oakland chan
nel, or any Federal appropriation for the particular
benefit of this State, it would certainly devolve upon
him either to obey the Legislature or to resign. But,
when the institutions of his country are in peril, when
this majestic republic is pointed toward the surging
waves of imperialism, when he is directed to indorse
the divine right of kings as a source of title to an
archipelago and to hold that the Declaration of Inde
pendence has no application to nine millions of Fili
pinos, obedience to a State Legislature may be trea
son to the nation. It is the will of forty-five Ameri
can States, incorporated into an indissoluble Union,
and having the future of mankind in charge, that,
with a deep sense of responsibility, Senator Perkins
is required to register. And, unless he abrogates his
principal functions, that will must be ascertained by
his own independent judgment. The atmosphere at
Washington may have its own peculiar odors, but
it is at least free from the stench that offends the
nostrils of honest legislators in the present Senatorial
contest in this State. The air of the Senate chamber
is not yet deadly to patriotism.
Senator Perkins is a living example of what brains,
thrift, integrity and energy can achieve under Ameri
can institutions. It was the protection of the con-
stituiion that enabled him to carve his way from
humble beginnings to his present exaltation. He
cannot forget or ignore his Americanism, nor upon
~sue of possible life or death to the Government,
a- it is now fashioned, prefer a void legislative in
struction to fidelity to his oath of office and the wel
of the largest free and independent community
•■ on earth or recorded in history. He is sur
ided by colleagues, some of whom have uttered
sentiments to which the heart of citizenship through
out the Union has responded, and which may have
' sounded the keynote to the last desperate struggle
between despotism and liberty. "Our Commission
came back from Paris," said the great Senator
Massachusetts, "bringing with them the cast-off
clothing of the pinchbeck Napoleon and ask us
who have seen his fate, to discard for them the spot
i less robes in which our fathers arrayed the beautiful
| genius of America." And this antithesis to Dan Burn-,
! this master of law and of rhetoric, with the blood
| of heroic ancestry coursing through his veins, held
up before the world the supreme and controlling pur
pose defined in the preamble to the Federal constitu
j tion, to which all of its express and implied powers
are subordinate, and as an American statesman
ground the argument of the imperialists to powder.
And in these memorable words he met the false
rhapsodists over military glory, "When you raise the
flag over the Philippines, as an emblem of domain
and acquisition, you take it down from Independence
Hall." Even his narrower allusion to his own political
service pathetically approached the theme of nation
ality and must have appealed with almost irresistible
force to Senator Perkins, who can say of the Repub
lican party, dedicated to freedom and unity, "all of
which I saw and part of which I was." We will re
peat the language of Mr. Hoar: "I stood in a humble
capacity by its cradle. I do not mean, if I can help
1 it, to follow its hearse."
These are the expressions of one Federal Senator,
which in virility and in beauty have been unsurpassed
but nearly equaled by many. They ought to consti
tute a controlling example for our Republican Sen
ator, expanded beyond the lines of party, who stands
for the milliions of Americans, to whom this country,
in ts integrity and in its grandeur, is the type for fu
ture history, and who spurn alike Asiatic adulteration
and imperialistic revolution.
We sincerely trust that the vote of Senator Per
kins will help to frame an intelligent answer to Sen
ator Mason's inquiry: "How is liberty to be estab
lished?" Is it to be done hypodermically with a
13-inch gun?" We hope that the country and the
world may be spared the infliction of the Republican
Senator from California occupying his seat, with his
lips closed and his limbs manacled, while his ears are
filled with legislative orders, in which the voices of
Howard E. Wright and the Burns contingent can be
clearly distinguished.
AN EXPERIMENT IN TROPICAL EX
PANSION. »
rROM a summary given in Public Opinion of a
recent address by Mr. Courtney, president of tTie
Royal Statistical Society, on "An Experiment
in Commercial Expansion," it appears the experience
of Belgium in trying to expand her commerce by es
tablishing a vast colony in Central Africa contains an
important lesson for the expansionists of this coun
t:"> who delude themselves with the belief that we can
nake tropical colonies commercially profitable.
Mr. Courtney was led to make an inquiry into the
subject by the frequency with which it is asserted
that the great producing nations must establish colo
nies and assume dominion over the less civilized
races of the world in order to provide markets for the
products of their industry. His object was to dis
cover whether the results of experience justify that
belief, and he chose the Congo Free State for his
examination because it is free from the interference
of national rivalries and affords a full, fair field for
colonial expansion to show what it can accomplish
for the promotion of the trade of the parent state.
One of the first facts that impressed Mr. Courtney
in pursuing his statistical inquiry was the deadly
effect of the tropical climate upon the Europeans
who go to the colony either to carry on trade or to
conduct the governmental administration. It is esti
mated that of every ten whites who become officers
of state nine are either buried or invalided within
three years, and the employes of the largest Belgian
trading company, who number 120/ maintain only
an average service of seven months out of the twenty
four for which they are contracted. It is asserted
that at no time within a proximate future can a body
of European officials be continued in the colony with
any permanency of its constituent elements.
Against that appalling death and invalid rate there
are no commercial profits to be shown. The daring
colonizers have labored and perished in vain. It is
said that in spite of numerous and severe taxes, in
spite of royal gifts and Belgian loans reckoned as
income, the budget of state has in no single year
shown an equality of receipts with expenditure. The
trade of the country, which has cost so much in life
and treasure, remains comparatively 9mall, and con
stitutes but 0.7 per cent of Belgian commerce.
Mr. Courtney's conclusion is that if the Belgians
had employed at home the money expended in the
Congo colony, and had used it for reducing the bur
dens on their trade and industry, the expenditure of
the treasure would have had a far greater effect in
increasing Belgian commerce. In other words, while
seeking the shadow of trade in the jungles of the
THE SAN FKANC7SCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1899.
African tropics, the Belgian expansionists have lost a
considerable part of their substantial trade with other
nations. Their colonial enterprise has proven to be
a gold brick of the worst kind.
From the lesson of this experiment our American
expansionists ought to learn wisdom. That the Phil
ippines are unhealthy and deadly to the American is
proven by the experience of our volunteers now in
the islands. That it will be costly to govern them is
made certain by the sullen attitude already assumed
by the Filipinos. It is the merest folly to expect
either national or commercial profit from colonial
expansion in such a country. Like the Belgians, we
can expand our commerce rmaje effectually by light
ening the burdens at home than by increasing them
for the sake of colonial adventures in the tropics.
SUPPRESSION OF CARTOONS.
AS there are two sides to every question, there
are grounds for opposition to the cartoon.
We admit this freely. As to whether the
grounds are such as to appeal to the intelligence
must be left to individual judgment.
When a legislator has a bad record, to the length
of which he is striving to add, no wonder he lifts his
tearful eyes in protest to see his character portrayed,
and rends the heavens with his wails. He is ex
periencing precisely the emotions of the rogue who
feels the halter draw, only the legislator feels the
artist draw.
There can be no doubt that Wright viewed with
distaste the pictures of himself, showing him to be
crooked. It would not be surprising if a member
depicted in the act of sloshing himself with white
wash would rather he had not been detected and ex
posed. Let it not be denied that the howlers have a
grievance. Probably the cat concerting nocturnally
in the back yard would welcome a statute forbidding
the hurling of a reformatory brick.
Now, to the newspapers of California very little is
involved in the fate of the justly celebrated anti
cartoon bill, for they would not pay to it the slightest
attention. As an abridgment of the freedom of the
press, the constitution, still recognized as a docu
ment of considerable merit, would knock it into a
cocked hat at the first test. When a paper oversteps
the bounds by word or illustration, there is remedy
in law, and it is the only remedy the kickers will get,
saving, of course, the shotgun, of which they talk so
freely.
There is for the honest man no sting in the car
toon. If so be he have large ears the world would
never know it through the work of an artist while
the ears were restrained in their tendency to wag,
and even a luxuriant jungle of whiskers would es
cape if only the \vind of buncombe did not agitate
them unduly. For a man afraid of his record the
cartoon is a thing of terror, herein being its virtue.
If such men are in the majority, doubtless the scheme
will be put to practical trial, but we suggest the
slaughter of the artists as the only effective quietus.
This might be made possible by the passage of the
luminous and idiotic Morehouse bill authorizing any
citizen offended by a paper to take to the warpath
and found a private graveyard of imposing propor
tions.
TfIXfITION OF CHURCH PROPERTY.
THE petition presented to the Legislature by the
California Society for Exempting Churches
From Taxation is not unreasonable and should
be granted. The request it embodies is one which in
volves no questions of public policy or expediency;
the society merely asks that a constitutional amend
ment be submitted to the people exempting real es
tate and improvements used exclusively as churches
and chapels from taxation.
Whether it is good policy to free this species of
property from the burdens of government need not
be considered in any debate which may take place
over the adoption in the Legislature of such a con
stitutional amendment. The only question that can
possibly be involved is whether or not the people of
the State of California ought to be given an oppor
tunity to pass upon the problem.
It is the custom in these days to submit everything
to the judgment of the people, the assumption being
that they are infallible and will decide all questions
according to the best public policy. Upon the sub
ject of exempting churches from taxation there will
undoubtedly be a spirited debate when the consti
tutional amendment comes up for ratification; there
is a great deal to be said on both sides, but the
proposition is one that is easily understood and con
cerning which there need be no mystery. Every
voter can readily resolve the question for himself and
according to what he considers the best interests of
the commonwealth.
Until 1867 church property was exempt from taxa
tion under the laws of this State. In that year the
Supreme Court discovered that the revenue act under
which the exemption had been set up conflicted with
the constitution, and in the case of The People vs.
McCreery it was decided that that species of property
must be assessed and taxed. But not until now has
anybody attempted to disturb the doctrine of the
constitution that all property in the State shall be
taxed in proportion to its value.
A strong point in favor of submitting the propo
sition under discussion to a vote of the people con
sists in the fact that in every other State of the
Union property used for religious purposes to which
there is attached no income is exempt from taxation.
There must be something in a doctrine which so uni
versally prevails, and undoubtedly it ought to be dis
cussed and settled in California. There should be no
opposition in the Legislature to the submission of
a proposition in which so many people are interested
and concerning which there is so much to be said pro
and con.
Assemblyman Mead's effort to have superfluous at
taches given leave of absence so that they might not
be at the expense of paying board bills was kind and
thoughtful. It would also have tended to the ex
pedition of business, as where attaches are so thick
they fall over each other they ought to be thinned
out.
The two boys who wrecked the interior of a hat
factory present puzzling examples of depravity far
more difficult to deal with than the act of a mature
and hardened criminal. It is safe to say, however,
that no community with such a pair loose in it is
safe. ,
Dibble would have the loaning of money by a
Senatorial candidate to a prospective legislator made
a felony. There ought to be a clause characterizing
the act of accepting such a loan and then voting for
the rival candidate. That's meaner than mere felony.
The fifty-year prisoner who has just been found
guilty of murder and been sentenced for life is prob
ably not enough worse off than he was to feel the
difference.
Uncle Sam's soldiers are good fighters, but those
among them who fill up on water front whisky do
make more noi9e than absolutely necessary.
RANCHO AND RURAL LIFE.
G. Loppens, a flax expert of Neerpelt, Belgium, gives a very high in
dorsement to flax fiber raised on the coast, which he has had scutched in
the Neerpelt mills. Mr. Loppens is the inventor of a tank system for retting
flax, to take the place of pond retting. Experiments have been made in
this State with ramie, which is one of the substitutes for flax and yields a
more silky fiber, but the difficulty of decorticating it has so far blocked
the way to its profitab c introduction as a field crop. But with a system or
tank retting of flax it would seem that it should become a profitable crop
when both fiber and seed can be utilized. Flax manufacture is a moist
climate industry, confined heretofore quite exclusively to Ireland and the
low countries. Its greatest center is at Lys in West Flanders. It may
prove that our moist valleys near the coast are suited to it.
In 1594 Switzerland took only $720 worth of California dried fruit and
in 1897 she took $700,000. Now Switzerland excludes all of our unpeeled dried
fruit for fear of the San Jose scale, and the State Board of Trade is endeav
oring to get this decree modified.
Many common words, descending through all languages from the primi
tive past, had their origin in the occupations of rural life. Daughter in
German "tochter," in ancient Greek "thusgater." in ancient Hindoo dui
tar," is derived from the Aryan and means "a milker." It comes down
from a time when the people were herdsmen and every daughter was a milk
maid. In like manner pecuniary, Latin pecunia, money, comes from "pi
cus," a herd of cattle, and tells of a time when cattle were used as money.
At last there is a concentration of interests in this State to secure pro
tection of our forests, and the permanency of their crop of merchantable
timber. The Society of Waters and Forests has been formed and its good
faith is shown by its refusal to immediately attack the treasury. Its ex
ecutive committee has memorialized the Governor to ask the Legislature for
authority to appoint an unsalaried commission of five citizens to serve for
two years and the office then to cease and determine. This commission is
to pay its own expenses and to investigate the whole question of scientific
forestry the relation of the preservation of forests to the conservation of
water and the impounding and distribution of the surplus, or flood waters.
Of course such request, of the Governor will be acceded to and the State "will
have begun in the right way to protect and preserve its matchless forests
and the permanent resources of wealth which they represent.
Keep a-goin'!
, If you strike a thorn or rose,
Keep a-goin'!
If it halls, or if it snows,
Keep a-goin'!
'Taint no use to sit and whine
"When the fish ain't on your line;
Bait your hook an' keep a-tryin'—
Keep a-goin'!
When the weather kills your crop,
Keep a-goln"!
When you tumble from the top,
Keep a-goin'!
S'pose you're out o' every dime,
Gittin' broke ain't any erimei
Tell the world you're feelin' fine-
Keep a-goin'!
When it looks like all is up, .
Keep a-goin' !
Drain the sweetnesss from the cup,
Keep a-goin' !
See the wild birds on the wing.
Hear the bells that sweetly ring.
When you feel like sighin , sing-
Keep a-goin' l
STATE NOTES.
The River News of Rio Vista says that 3000 acres in Solano County
will be planted to sugar beets this year.
Wild geese are a pest on the islands in San Joaquin Couny. They are
accused of digging up the deep drilled wheat and farmers have hired rifle
men to go on the warpath against them.
The Vacaville Reporter proposes to change the name of Browns Valley
to Poppy Glen. As the Legislature has adopted the poppy as the State flower
this is the first attempt to take the official posy into local nomenclature.
Biggs Notes says that a fine and profitable hemp crop was raised on the
Hutchlns place at Gridley.
Henry Block, on his ranch at Gridley, plows fifty acres a day with four
gangplows. Each gang cuts forty-eight inches and the four gangs turn
sixteen feet. Every half mile makes an acre of ground turned over seven
inches deep.
Redlands has shipped 402 carloads of oranges for the season, and orders
now outrun shipments.
The Mountain Democrat says that pineapple culture is to be tried at
Folsom.
There were several cases of mushroom poisoning recently at Antioch.
Atropine is a specific for mushroom poisoning. When you eat a toadstool
and it attackes your interior send fora doctor and tell him to bring atropine
along.
E. G. Magetti, at Marshall. Sonoma County, is milking 145 cows and
makes daily 140 pounds of butter. He has 1670 acres of ranch pasture
and feeds no grain. His cows are all made muley by dehorning.
The Denman creamery at Santa Rosa is handling two tons of milk per
day and pays 98 cents a hundred pounds for milk with 4 per cent of butter
fat.
The California linnet is again winning bad repute by destroying fruit
buds. The only remedy is to destroy the linnet until he learns to let fruit
buds alone.
Selma is the latest candidate for a cannery, and* the Enterprise Is pull
ing for it in a way to make something come.
The tomato is increasing as a kitchen favorite. The pack in the United
States last year was 5,797,806 cases of two dozen tins each. The finest toma
toes in the world are produced in California.
The Fresno Republican complains that the people of that place are poor
consumers of Fresno raisins.
NEW RUBBER
TRUST STRIKES
A BIG SNAG
Manufacturers Will
Not Come In.
BAIT FAILS TO ATTRACT
CLUB OVER EDITOR DUNLAP'S
HEAD.
Charles R. Flint, the Chief Promoter
of the Scheme, Threatens Him
With a Libel Suit for With
holding Support.
The efforts of Charles R. Flint, the New
York capitalist, backed by a syndicate of
Eastern bankers, to organize a new rub
ber trust under the name of the "Rubber
Goods Manufacturing Company," are not
meeting with the brilliant success antici
pated.
Mr. Flint was In San Francisco a short
time ago in the interest of his pet project
and rosy pictures of the big money to be
made by those who went into the pro
posed scheme were freely circulated. But
for some reason or other Mr. Flint's mis
sion to the coast wns not crowned with
success and it appears, according to re
ports received from the East, that he is
having a hard row to hoe in his endeavor
to induce the independent manufac
turers to surrender their business or ex
change their holdings for stock in the
new concern. Not only that, but the pro
motors of the new trust have succeeded
In antagonizing the India Rubber World,
I a paper of wide Influence, devoted to the
interests of manufacturers ajid dealers of
rubber goods. The result has been a
; declaration of "war to the knife" between
j the trust promoters and the paper, which
promises to become exceedingly interest
ing as time passes. Mr. Flint's alleged
threat to sue the editors of the paper for
criminal libel has had the effect of in
creasing the bitterness of feeling and all
efforts to patch up the quarrel, which Is
Is to have its origin in the attempt of Mr.
Flint to whip the India Rubber World
into lino in support of hia scheme, have
signally failed.
The new trust is intended as a sort of
running mate to the United States Rub
ber Company, organized by Mr. Flint, of
which he is at present treasurer. The
United States Company controls the boot
and shoe trade and the manufacture of
all -kinds of hard rubber. It is proposed
that the Rubber Goods Manufacturing
t Company shall control the manufacture
and sale of all lines not classed as hard
rubber goods. The assets of the com
panies now in the trade that are con
sidered eligible to join the new combina
tion are estimated at $15,000,000, and they
are credited with doing a business of $25,
--000,000 per annum. The capitalization of
the new company has been fixed at $30,
--000,000, one-half the stock to be issued in
7 per cent cumulative preferred shares
and the remainder— representing trade
marks, patents, good will and presumably
service contracts — in ordinary common
shares. It was originally intended to in
corporate the company In New Jersey two
weeks agro, but the fact that the incor
poration papers have not been filed la
taken as conclusive evidence that the
scheme has slipped a cog somewhere.
When the movement for the organiza
tion of the trust was first started Mr.
Flint— who was selected to engineer the
schme because of his success in launching
the United States Rubber Company on its
successful career — approached the propri
etors of the India Rubber World to secure
the support of their paper for the enter
prise. Right here he encountered an un
expected obstacle. The publication is
jointly owned and edited by H. C. Pear
son and John R. Dunlap. While Mr.
Pearson was inclined to look with favor
on the proposition, Mr. Dunlap declared
he would have nothing to do with it. H©
was alternately cajoled and threatened,
but all to no purpose. Finally Mr. Dun
lap, in view of the difference of opinion
on the subject prevailing between him
self and his partner, offered to sell his
share of the paper outright. This did not
suit Mr. Flint, however. He desired above
all things to retain the services of Mr.
Dunlap with the paper— perhaps fearing
that if he should dispose of his share in
the publication Mr. Dunlap might imme
diately start a rival sheet, which would
be bound to antagonize the rubber con
solidation scheme.
According to the story going the rounds
in this city, a plan was concocted to
force Dunlap into line. On December 30
Mr. Pearson paid a visit to the office of
Mr. Flint in New York. After a brief
consultation with Mr. Flint and S, P. Colt
of the United States Rubber Company,
who is also interested in the new trust
scheme. Mr. Dunlap was sent for. and
asked to state his position. Just what
occurred is not stated, but a stenog
rapher, secreted in the room, is said to
have made a verbatim report of all that
transpired. With this report as evidence
Mr. Flint is alleged to have threatened to
prosecute the India Rubber World "for
attempting to extort money under threat
of making injurious publications."
The following day a representative of
Mr. Flint called at the office of the paper
and tried to restore harmony. He assured
Mr. Dunlap that if he would withdraw his
opposition there would be no prosecution
and that the events of the preceding day
should be considered as never having
taken place— in other words it was "all a
blunder." As an earnest of his sincerity,
or the sincerity of the trust he repre
sented, the visitor gave promises of ex
tensive advertising in the India Rubber
World if it would adopt a friendly atti
tude, and actually submitted an order for
over $18,000 worth of space in the paper.
Mr. Dunlap refused to accept the over
tures of the trust, however, and the
agent of the monopoly left the sanctum
with the understanding that it was to be
"war to the knife."
One of. the arguments used by the pro
moters of the new scheme is that the
combination of the leading manufacturers
of rubber goods will enable the tmst so
formed to immediately reduce the price
of its products 7% per cent, by reason of
reduced operating expenses. ' The history
of the United States Rubber Company is
pointed to as showing the perfection of
this idea. It is further claimed that by
reason of its greater capital and increased
facilities, the trust could control the price
of the raw product, and thereby shut out
the competition of the smaller concerns
operating independently. The opponents
of the trust point to the fact that with all
its immense capital the United States
Rubber Company has not boon a glorious
success, inasmuch as a number of fac
tories which it was compelled to buy at
fabulous prices paid larger dividends than
the trust can ever hope to pay. For in
stance, the Converse Company paid $1,800.
--000 in a single year on a capitalization of
$5,000,000. which is more than the trust
which absorbed it has paid in any one
year with a capital of $40,000,000. It is also
claimed that the rubber business offers
irresistible inducements for money mak
ing for persona with comparatively small
capital, and that, trust or no trust, inde
pendent factories are bound to continue
to exist and flourish and that as one 1b
bought up another will take its place. In
fact the business of starting factories for
the purpose of selling the same to the
trust may soon come to be a recognized
and profitable Industry.
' TJnabie to Agree.
The jury In the case of Cornelius Sulli
van, charged with the murder, of his step
father,; Charles J. i Pratt, reported that it
was unable to agree upon a verdict last
night It waa discharged by Judge Law
lor. For some time the balloting stood 6
to 6, but finally It changed to 7 for ac
quittal said 5 for conviction, where it
stayed.
BURIED THEIR
FRIEND IN HIS
BELOVED LAND
Remains of Senator
Boggs Interred.
SAD RITES AT CYPRESS LAWN
SEBVICES ARE HELD IN THE
. PALACE HOTEL.
Ritual of the Episcopal Church Is
Read by Rev. Robert C. Foute.
Delegation of Legislators
in Attendance.
The remains of Senator John Boggs of
Colusa are now reposing beneath the sod
of his beloved California. The funeral
of the pioneer, statesman and farmer,
whose name for half a century was al
most a household . word throughout the
State took place from the Palace Hotel
yesterday morning and all that was
mortal of this grand character was later
laid in its last resting place in Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. For fifty years the name
of John Boggs has been to Californians
a synonym for honor and integrity, and
his memory will long be cherished in that
section of the State which he did so much
to develop.
Early In the morning the friends of the
deceased b^srar, to assemble in the fam
ily apartments on the sixth floor of the
Palace where the remains of the mail
whom everybody loved reposed peace
fully in a handsome casket, which was
almost smothered with flowers. Promi
nent among- the magnificent offerings waa
a mammoth cross composed of calia lilies,
violets, maiden bells and ferns, surmount
ed by a white dove symbolical of the
flight of the soul from the body and bear
ing the Inscription, "Our Lamented Col
league," from the members of the Legis
lature. Immense pillows made of violets,
maiden bells and a variety of ferns were
placed along the sides of the casket, while
the hundreds of delicately perfumed roses
of various hues perfumed the air.
At 10:45 the Rev. Robert C. Foute of
Grace Episcopal Church stepped to the
head of the casket and read the beauti
ful and Impressive funeral service of the
Episcopal QJlurch, concluding with a
prayer. The remains were then conveyed
to the Palace court, where the hearsa
and carriages were in waiting, preceded
by the honorary pallbearers and the leg
islative delegation and followed by the be
reaved widow and children of the de
ceased. Following were the honorary
pallbearers, all of them life-long friends
of the dead: Lieutenant Governor Jacob
H. Neff, Senator E. W. Chapman, Gen
eral N. P. Chipman, E. B. Pond, Will S.
Green of Colusa, F. C. Lusk of Cbico,
Colonel George Haager and .W. P. Har
rington of Colusa, Judge McFarland,
John H. Jewett of Marysvllle, N. D. Ride
out and Senator A. P. Williams. ■
The legislative delegation was composed
of Senators Boyce, Bettman, Morehouse.
Maggard, Sims, Chapman and Dwyer,
and Assemblymen Dunlap, B«lshaw, Cam
inetU, Glenn and Sanford.
The funeral cortege wended its way to
the Southern Pacific station at
Third and Townsend streets, where
a special \, train was in waiting
to convey the mourners to Cy
press Lawn. At the cemetery a tent had
been erected by the side of the open grave
to shield the funeral 1 party- from the sun
or rain during the brief ceremony at
tending the placing of the body in the
ground. As the casket was lowered below
the surface Dr. Foute read the burial
service and an improvised choir, com
posed of friends of the family, sang
"Nearer My God to Thee." A closing
prayer followed, and as the threatening
clouds ' overhead began to send forth
warning drops the clods of earth began
to fall on the coffin that held all that
was earthly of him who was held all that
while on earth as one of "Gods Noble
men." ■'- ,
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A BACK DATE.— The 15th of August,
1847, fell on a Sunday.
A ROYAL FLUSH— A. X., Oakland, Cal.
In the game of poker, a royal flush is:
Ace, king, queen, jack and ten spot of one
suit', and must, to be counted as such, be
in the first deal.
A PIECE OF PROPERTY— A. A., Oak
land, Cal. If you bought a piece of prop
erty 40x125 and your deed describes that
I property so that It shows that just that
sized lot was sold to you, you could not
claim 43x125 simply because the Assessor's
map shows that the property assessed to
you is apparently three feet wider than
your deed calls for. You cannot be called
upon to pay for more frontage of street
assessment work than the deed you hold
calls for.
GAMBLING— A. L. H., Carrville, Cal.
The buying and selling of legitimate
stocks in a legitimate business and the
man who acts as a broker for others,
simply buying and selling for a definite
■ commission, cannot be considered a gam
bler in the true sense of that word -word,
but it is a common belief that all who
j deal in stocks are engaged in "stock gam
' bling." It having been held that the
game of poker is not a game of chance,
but a game of skill, It cannot, under that
ruling, he said that a man playing for an
other at such a game is a gambler.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.'
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
New Consul General for Salvador.
Senor Encarnacion Mejla of this city
has been appointed Consul General for
the republic of Salvador, with his office
In San Francisco. He succeeds Dr. Eus
tacio Calderon. Senor Mejla has resided
with his family at 1900 Van Ness avenue
for several years and is very popular.
Nothing contributes more to digestion than
the use of Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters.
Don't accept an imitation.
Coroner Hill's Expenses.
Coroner Hill has submitted to the Su
pervisors an itemized statement of the
expenses of his otflce during the first
month it has been under his control. The
total for salaries and incidental expenses
was $1700.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
mecacers to health of the present day.REALTY STILL
IS MARKED BY
PROGRESSION
Many Sales Made Dur
ing the Week.
ACTIVITY ON EAST STREET
MORE DEMAND FOR WATER
FRONT PROPERTY.
A Complete Review of the Records,
New Building Contracts, Re
cent Sales and General
Notes.
Realty is still finding a good market,
both in the city and throughout the
State generally. Sales are increasing
gradually, as thos»?> desirous of buying
become more fully convinced that an
undoubted change for the better is
rapidly succeeding tho old and long ex
istent business stagnation which has
been such a hindrance to progression
during the past two years, and which
has kept real estate at a deplorable
standstill.
The particular section of the city,
however, that brokers are looking to
for an extensive improvement in the
near future is that situated in the
vicinity of the water front. It has been
rumored that one of the large trans
continental railways is seeking access
to the city by the purchase of the North
Pacific Coast Railway. Negotiations
for a terminal point directly on the
water front bounded by Lombard, Bat
tery, Sansome and Oreen streets, which
will serve as a depot for freight pur
poses, are said to be now being made.
A certain credence is given to the
rumor by the recent purchase of a large
piece of property by an Eastern man
for an estimated price of $70,000.
In addition to this probable advent of
another railway into the city, every in
dication is in favor of a rapid and com
plete change in the entire water-front
property. Large business firms, actuat
ed by the certainty that this section of
the city is destined to be the most
valuable and active from a commercial
standpoint, are one by one vacating old
quarters and are moving closer toward
East street. This theory is substan
tiated by the recent removal of the
firm of Levi & Co., or.c of the largest
wholesale grocery firms on the coast,
from their old quarters on the southerly
line of Market street to the junction of
Market and Sacramento streets.
The birth and organization of the
X'irth Central Improvement Company
is another instance in proof of the
growing importance of this part of the
city. The owners of property within
the section of the city under the juris
<l; < tinn of this new company are con
vinced that realty will from now on
steadily increase in value if the neces
sary street and building improvements
are made to facilitate the proper hand
ling of a rapidly increasing commerce.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the week there were fifty-three
mortgages and trust deeds recorded,
amounting to an aggrfgate value of H62,
--860. For th< stme period thirty-eight re
- and reconveyances passed to record
ir. the total sum of $114,716.
Th.' principal mortgages and trust deeds
are as follows: By Idella L. Stone to
W. and John C. Moody, $9500 for ten
at 7 per cent on property in Mis
sion block 64. situated on the westerly line
of Howard street, 247:6 feet south of
Twenty-first: by I.a Societe Francaise to
Martin and Babette Tiedemann, $3000 on
property In th.' Western Addition block
tuated on the northwest corner of
McAllister and Gough streets, west 30:1
by north 100; by the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society to Charlotte L. Snow, $10,000
fur one year at 6% per cent on two pieces
of property in Mission block 15, situated
•tively on the easterly line of Mis
sion street. 221:fi feet south of Twelfth
and the southerly line of Mission street,
565:10V4 feet south of Twelfth; by A. P.
Hotaling & Co. to Cora A. Morse, I
for fi\<- years at h per cent on property on
th>- southerly line of O'Farfell street. 137:6
of Leavenworth, west 137:6 by
rr.uth 137:6.
The principal releases and mortgages
■were recorded as follows: From the Ger
man Savings and Loan Society to John
H. Wise. $10,000 on property situated on
the northwest corner of Washington and
■nworth streets, west 137:6 by north
137:6; from the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society to Cora A. Morse, $27,000 on prop
erty In the 50-vara block 283. situated on
the southerly line of O'Farrell street, 137:6
feet west of Leavenworth, west 137:6 by
south 137:6; from the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society to Ann Callaghan, $14,
--000 on property in the one hundred block
3*57, situated on the northerly corner of
Fourth and Welsh streets, northeast 80
by northwest 12"..
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Southerly line of Mission street, 195:6%
feet east of Ninth, east 39:5*4 by south
£0; all work except sewering, plumbing,
etc., for a three-story and basement frame
building; owner, R. Ward; architect. T.
J. Welsh; contractor, S. A. Born; cost,
$7000.
Southwest corner of Berry and Seventh
streets, southwest 250 by southeast 240;
all work for a one-story frame cannery
building: owners, Cutting Fruit Packing
Company; architects, Percy & Hamilton;
contractor, F. H. Masow; cost, $20,900.
Northerly line of Mission street, 305 feet
east of Fourth, north 84:6 by east 30 by
by north 75:0 by east 91 by south 75 by
east 19 by south 85 by west 140; electric
plant for St. Patrick's Church; owner,
Archbishop Riordan; architects, Shea &
Shea; contractors, Wybro-Hendy Com
pany; cost, $1150.
Westerly lino of wood street, 96 feet
north of Point Lobos avenue; all work
for a two-story frame dwelling; owners,
Mr. and Mrs. Thornton; contractor, John
Flaherty: cost. $1650.
Westerly line of Sixth avenue, 208:8 feet
north of California street, north 25 by
west 120; all work for a two-story frame
dwelling; owner, Agnes T. Thome; arch
itects and contractors, Marcuse & Rem
mel; cost, $2290.
Easterly line of Devisadero street, 75
ADVERTISEMENTS.
e9»OeO8OO9e9OOOO«90ie9f09O«®9 O © © ©
I $3.50 -Electric Belts =s3.so l
9 j^~ ~ -"+. . . Same as certain druggists and quack doctors w
15 /S toll it high prices. Such dealers don't, MAKE A
/|^ « electric belts; they SELL 1 'em! BUY them _
• r \ -r.« CHEAP and sell" them HIGH: that's the way •
0 ,'('. _jIJSI they do it. Of /course the poorer the quality A
£^ / '/ &a& fIC the c h ca P >". the COST, and the higher; the w
Mkil "^^f ?vtf^ price sold for the larger the PROFIT, and, in- •
A \t ' X ■s3 '' cidentally, .: the greater the "SELL." Do you - A
ft \Q i^*Wfc&W see the point? If 60, you wi i' obtain YOUR ' m
* &^n3itFsf * lt frnm a reliable manufacturer. .We MAKE - ™
0 _ i . t '/**~7^T&>jg ' V electric belts;! make 'em by thousand.*-", at all 0
- '"■ f\St'''i rig prices, and, : what '■ is ■ more, we *: are : the . sole a
iIiMJiMJ $S^^ makers of "DR. "*. PIERCE'B PATENT GAL- *
0 !^V' A \Ws\a i v v ; 'l|i||^aP^' VANIC CHAIN BELT'"— the BEST \ electric 0
©»\VVvA\^^^v?^?2-ii^SP'i's^fejf ; \ belt on earth. Buy no belt till you see DR. a
• l ' ' \ UPmMIM H»p\ PIERCES. C?- Call at office or send 2c in w
0 V\ ' V% s \\V^ i »^3(<Vt''' l; V stamps for our "Booklet No. 2." Addresss 0
I V - 1-Jr PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., •
o v *"'" *"^ \ 620 Market street (opposite Palace Hotel), a
Z. DR. PIERCE, Inventor. \ . SAN; FRANCISCO. — A
OOOOOO • • e O OOOOOO • © © O • • • • OOOOOOOO
feet south of Page, south 25 by east 100;
all work for alterations and additions
necessary to change a two-story building
into flats; owner, Thomas Drady; arch
itect and contractor, Henry P. l.onrady;
cost, $2500. . • „ „ « '•;*'
Easterly line of Maple street, 27:8 feet
south of Clay, east 25 by south 57:6; all
■work for a two-story frame cottage; own
er, Samuel P. Johnston; architect and
contractor, Joseph, B. Ogden; cost, $1400.
RECENT SALES.
Sales during the past week were neither
numerous nor of unusual value, The only
transaction in city property in fact that
deserves special mention is the sale or
the property on the northeast corner of
Kearny and Summer streets, which was
negotiated through the agency of .Board
man, Hooper & Co., the well known real
estate firm. sales by the same rfirm
Other minor sales by the same firm
were made as follows: Lot and irnpro\e
m. Nts on the southerly line of California
street, 32:6 feet east of Baker, the dimen
sions of which are 25:3 by 52:6. Ihe price
obtained was 18500. Lot on the southerly i
line of A street. 110 feet east of Twenty- .
sixth avenue, 35 by 125 feet. The. price |
obtained was $300. Lot easterly line of
Sixth avenue north of D street, 25 by
120 1 $1200- lots 9 and 10 Railroad Avenue |
Extern Homestead $500: Jot north line
Of B street, east of Fourteenth avenue,
45 by 137:6. $500: lot 8. block 65. Excelsior ,
Homestead, lot 150 by 137 :b. »M' UU on
west line of Twentieth avenue. L* south
of A 50 by 120. $500; south side of A street.
R2-fiP«est of Twenty-third avenue, 50 by
8>! $5W S : t eastllnfo? Fifteenth avenue, 144
north R street 4S by 12<:6. $oW. lot on
Sixth avenue. $1000: lots 4, 5. b ana i, (
"wi& M r P Ir^in': the Honolulu mer
eiecHon of a magnificent residence on
Tackson by buying from Miss Alary
" Broke™ generally report an increasing (
demand for country lands.
Nineteen hundred and ten acres of the ,
Cerro Gordo ranch in Santa Clara County
have been sold by Juan Cerreno to Em
anuel Garcia and his brothers. The prop
erty is situated eighteen miles from the ,
railroad, and consists of 400 acres in gram,
forty acres in vines, twenty acres in fruit
and the remainder in pasturage lands.
The price was $41,000. Bovee, Toy & Sonn
tag were the brokers. .
The Freeman Hotel at Auburn, consist- |
ing of two three-story buildings and one ,
and a half acres of land, has been sold j
by W. D. Holcom & Co. for W. A. Free- |
man to C. J. Ahlborn of this city for j
$30,000.
Three hundred and seventy-four acres
of the Reel tract, situated eight miles ;
northeast of Fresno, was recently sold |
by the San Francisco Savings Union to j
J. S. Hermann for an estimated price of I
$5610, or $15 an acre. , v -?-
RANDOM NOTES.
The Episcopal Conference has decided
to authorize the erection of a diocesan |
nee In this city for the Rev. W. F.
Nichols, Bishop of Northern California.
The contract for the erection of a new
cannery for the Cutting Packing Com- j
pany has not yet been let. |
X Ward will erect a three-story build- |
ing consisting of two stores and two ,
tenements, in the near future, on the
southeasterly line of Mission street, be
tween Eighth and Ninth. The estimated
price of erection is $9500.
The two blocks on Montgomery avenue I
necessary to connect with North Point
street will be filled in at a cost of $9000.
A bill has been introduced in the Legls- ;
lature designed to create a State Board of i
Architecture. The provision of the bill (
is that all architects will hereafter be
compelled to pass an examination before j
being awarded a license to practice their j
profession.
The North Central Improvement Com
pany is rapidly gaining increased pres
age The property holders in the dis
trict who have most recently signed the .
roll of the organization are Lloyd Tevis ;
and Alvinza Hayward.
Martens & Coffey have plans for a j
three-story building to be erected on tho !
southwest corner of Pacific and Jones
Streets for H. W. Holle. In addition to ,
these plans they have drawn up others j
fnr the extension of the building occupied
by the Pattosien Carpet Company for
'with the sacrifice of the lease held by
Charles Newman on the Adam ana
KIM..' property, situated on Market. :
Kearny and Geary streets, has revived
the old rumor that the New York Life
Insurance Company will erect a large and >
appropriate building upon the site. The I
price paid for the lease is $40,000.
Architect C. A. Bfeussdorffer has re
moved to the Emporium building,
room 424. _________________
The Aetna Life Insurance Company.
The annual statement of the Aetna Life
Insurance Company of Hartford, Conn.,
appears in another column.
The stormy and warlike year of 1898
was the most prosperous and successful
one in the history of the Aetna Life, in
creasing its assets over $2,642,000 00; its
surplus over $357,000 00: and its total insur
ance in force over $15,408,984 00. The total
income of $8.563,895 09, the largest in its
history and over $366,343 larger than it
was in 1597. makes this great life and ac
cident insurance company the largest and
strongest corporation of its kind in the
New England States.
Emanuel Strauss Passes Away.
Emanuel Strauss, a pioneer merchant of
this city, but retired for several years,
has gone to his long rest. He was a na
tive of Germany and 76 years of age.
Death came to him at his home, 2018
Webster street, yesterday morning. Mr.
Strauss came to this city In 1851 and for
h long time followed mining, which he
gave up to go into the crockery business, i
and for years he was one of the most: |
prominent business men in the commu
nity He was a brother of the late L.az- i
arils Strauss of L. Strauss & Co.. New i
York His nephew, Oscar Strauss, is now
American Embassador to Constantinople.
If. was the father of Mrs. Isidor Jacobs,
Mrs Henry Jacobs, Mrs. Samuel Bis-
Blnger and Edgar J. Strauss of Sydney,
Australia.
Astonishing Champagne Figures.
56.855 cases, or more than one-half of all
other brands, were Imported In 1898 of G.
11 Mumm's Extra Dry, the standard of
perfection. Bottles will bear green neck
band and star label. •
J. F. Sullivan's Will.
The will of James F. Sullivan, who riled
January 24 in this city, leaving an estate
valued at $15,000, was filed for probate
yesterday. Decedent's entire estate is
bequeathed his widow, Lucinda A. Sulli
van, who is named as executrix, to serve
without bonds.
Dr. George C. Pardoe,
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat, has removed
to Chronicle building, second floor. •
Senator Morrill, though he has had
M.A. and LL..D. degrees conferred on him
from the Universities of Pennsylvania and
Vermont, spent all his early life on his
father's farm and was educated only at
the roadside country schools.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1899.
JENNIE RILEY
A RACY BIT
OF HORSEFLESH
She Came From the
Clouds and Won.
SURVIVOR DEFEATS GAUNTLET
SATSUMA FELL IN WITH EASY
COMPANY.
Three Favorites in Front at Oak
land — Lost Girl, Superbly Bidden
by Mike Hennessy, Won,
Heavily Backed.
Probably the best of the many good
performances at Oakland track yesterday
was ■ the remarkable run made by the
Riley-Jennie Treacy fllly, Jennie. Riley,
in t lie two-year-old scramble. She had
shown up well in her former races and
was pent to the post equal favorite with
Galene, from the Burns & Waterhouse
stable. Spencer had the mount, and when
the barrier was released the filly was two
lengths behind the bunch. After making
many tortuous twists and curves Spencer
gradually ran his field down, getting up
just in time to beat the good thing, Cho
teau, a head. Galene found the pace too
warm, finishing third. The winner closed
up ground so fast the last sixteenth of a
mile that those occupying seats in the
trainers' stands could hardly believe their
eyes when the numbers were hoisted.
Rain left the track a trifle slow, but
not heavy enough to make any difference
with non-mud runners. Three favorites
succeeded in taking purses.
Nick Hall's old geiding, Two Cheers,
seems to have lost his usefulness. He
was installed favorite over the ragged
lot in the opening mile and a sixteenth
run and was beaten in hollow fashion by
Eppinger. The latter, ridden by Bull
man, was once 5 to 1 in the betting.
If Wing, the entry of Tom Ryan,
had not been pounds the best of the start
ers in the sprint that followed the money
bet on him would have been burnt up.
Starting favorite, the brown filly was cut
off at the start, but ran around her field
and won comfortably from Odd Eyes.
Crossmalina. coming fast at the end, was
a close third.
After making such a good showing in
the handicap on Saturday last, the talent
picked Gauntlet to beat Survivor in the
mile purse run. It proved an unwise se
lection, for Pat Dunne's colt galloped th©
entire distance, winning with ease in slow
time. Ballista was a poor third, behind
the favorite.
Bald-faced Satsuma annexed the mile
and a sixteenth selling purse. A 4 to 5
favorite, he took the lead in the stretch
and was going away at the wire. The
light-weighted Rosebeau disposed of the
miserably ridden Morinel for the place.
In the last event, at six furlongs, Lost
Girl came out after a long rest and, ably
ridden by Mike Hennessy. downed a big
field of sprinters. She was at one time
as good as 8 to 1 in the ring, and after
being ridden hard from the start led Do
lore out a head. The favorite, Amelia
Fonso, was third.
Track Notes.
Frank Farrar and his friends were
down pood and thick on Choteau. getting
30 to 1 for their money. Farrar & Tuber
yflle purchased the youngster in Montana
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Wednesday, Feb. 1, 1899.— Forty-fourth
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine. Track heavy.
FIRST RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
• purse. 8350.
Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
Km. 4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Bullman '
679 Eppinger, 4 114 3 54 64 14 12 14 110 ißuilman 4 18-5
570 Two Cheers, a.. ....116 I 114 14 24 24 2h 21 (Thorpe ....... 4-5 3-2
262 Fleming, 4 11l I 641 2h 32 32 3h 31 Snider 5 13-2
520 Goethe, 4 93' 4 2h 6 6 6 1 54 44 J. Wood* 15 10
626 Henry C, 4 114 2 3h 4 4 54 6 44 63 Spencer ..".... 4 6
570 Pelxotto 11. 5 lift) 56. 31 42 446 6 I. P0we11..... 15 40
679 Eppinger, 4 1141
570 Two Cheers, a...... 116
262 Fleming, 4 11l
520 Goethe, 4 98!
626 Henry C, 4 114
570 Pelxotto 11, 5 116
13
\l
6
4
2
I 5
5 4
114
4 1
2 h
3 h
6 .
54
1 4
2 h
6
4 4
3 1
1 4
2 4
3 2
6
54
4 2
1 2
2 4
3 2
5 1:
6
4 4
14
2 h
3 h
6 4
44
- 6 -
1 10
2 1
3 1
4 4
63
6
! Thorpe ....;..
£3 «,.!,...
Snider
IJ. W00d5,....
Spencer .1
|I. P0we11.....!
Time— l-16. :07: 5-16, :324; 9-16, :58; 13-16. 1:25; mile, 1:454; 1 l-16m, 1:614- Winner,
G. W. Scott's b. h. by Morello-Orinda. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
As a race horse. Two Cheers appears to be a thing of the past. Eppinger shows steady
improvement.
I*JT SECOND RACE— Futurity
fillies; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
4m-
Km.
■ Str.
Fin.
SSI wing i:
... Odd Eyes 1'
ESS Crossmolina ...l:
SSS.Juva ...1!
ESS Royal Fan ....11
571 Furia :..L"
578 Clarello ........ ;....V
... Humboldt Maid l:
EBl Wing 110 6 ... 81 42 2 4 11 H. Martin.... 3-2 8-5
... Odd Eyes 110 1 ... ,12 12 14 2h Thorpe 4 3
595 Crossmolina 110[ 2 ... 42 63 68 34 Spencer ...... 6-3 3
• Juva 110 3 ... 32 2h 32 410 Mounce ...... 4 7
569 Royal Fan ....11l 4 ... 2h 34 4 4 5 1 E. Cochran... 60 60
571 Furia 110 5 ... 6 4 810 610 625 W. H. Martin 12 50
578 Clarello 110 8 ... 7 1 7 2 7 3 710 Snider 50 200
...Humboldt Maid:. ...110 7 ... 8 8 8 8 Beauchamp .. 15 lop
6
: 1
I 2
3
1
4
5
8
I 7
6 1
1 2
4 2
3 2
2 h
8 4
7 1
8
42
12
5 3
2 h
34
.6 10
7 2
8 -
24
4
6 8
32
4 4
6 10
7 3
8
11
2h
3 4
4 10
5 1
6 25
7 10
8
Martin....
rpe
ncer ......
ince ......
Cochran...!
; . ii.
amp ..
Time— To 4, :224; to 4. :474; last 4, 1:024: short, 4, 1:13. Winner, J. Whltten's br.
f by Dundee-Rlghtwlng. Fair Start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Wing was cut off at the start. Was much the best. Juva, with better piloting, could
have been closer up. A longer route suits Crossmolina.
THIRD RACE— Three
two-year-olds; purse, $400.
4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
j Jockeys.
659 Jennie Riley !
589 Choteau '
...Galene .....:
ESS Pidalia ........:
ESS Champion Rose
... Ovando '
... Tanobe — I
... John MUIln ...:
689 Jennie Ri1ey........ 103 5 ... :..:.'... •'. 4 4 In Spencer 8-5 3-2
ESS Choteau 105 1 ... ... ... lh 21 Frawley 13 13
... Galeae .....107 3 ... ... ... 2 4 34 Thorpe .: 7-5 3-2
ESS Pidalia . ........100 4 6 4 4 4 Coburn 10 30
ESS Champion Rose 105 2 ... ... 34 62 Snider 8 25
... Ovando.... 105 6 ... ... ... 6 4 6 2 Powell 8 30
... Tanobe .........105 7 ... ... ... 710 715 ILouillier ..... 8 30
... John MUIln 108! 8 ... -..» - ... 8 8 |Jones ......... 4 6
5
1
3
4
2
6
7
8
4 4
1 h
24
64
34
64
10
8
In
21
3 4
4 4
52
6 2
7 15
8
:ncer
iwley
srpe .:
>urn
der
•ell
Jllller .....
les .........
Time— 4, :13V4; 4. :374. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'s eh. f. by Riley-Jennle Treacy.
Good start. Won first three driving. ' \-, > ?,.,
The winner ran a remarkable race. She was away absolutely last. Choteau was
party to a watermelon carving. Galene will do. Pidalia can win with a rider up. Tanobe
was cut off at stretch turn. ."• v
i FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
(592) Survivor .....V
ESI Gauntlet .....II
591 Ballista ........1
597 Senora Caesar I
St.
1
3
4
2
Km.
__
4
3 1
1 h
22
4m.
4
31
11
2_h
4m.
Km.
Km.
1 1
2 4
3 2
4
: Str.
1 14
2 3
3 14
4
Fin.
1 2
2 8 -
3 6
4
1 Jockeys.
H. Martin....
Thorpe r. .-....-.
Bullman
[J. Woods. . . |
8-3 6-3
* 1 11-10
5 7
20- 100
Time— 4. :25K: 4. :31;K, 1:17- mile. 1:434. Winner, P. Dunne's b. c- by Strathmore-
Ella F. Good start. Won easily. '.' Second and third driving.
Survivor held his company safe from the Jump. Gauntlet is faint-hearted. Ballista
run as If stale. . . . ..:-..■
££if\ FIFTH RACE— and a sixteenth miles; selling;
OlU« purse, $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
Km. 4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
| Jockeys.
686 Satsuma, a..... '
591 Rosebeau, 3
6SO^ Morlnel, 4
690 Dare 11. 6 ....:
583 Faversham , 3
581 Dunpraise, 8 •:.....:
2
1
6
4
3
5
2 h
-14
4 2
3 2
6 1
6
414 414 3h
5 1 5 15 1
14 3114
6 6 6
2 h lh 2 4
3 4 2 h 41 i
1 14
3 3
2 h
6 10
4 2
8
12
2 I
3 h
4 8
5 8
■■'. 6 .
Jones ,
r : ' .....
4-5 4-5
4 4
4 21-5
8 8
30 60
30 100
mp ..
Time— l-16, :06K; 6-16, :32; 9-16, :574; 13-16, 1:24; mile. 1:43; 1 l-16m, 1:484. Winner Dr
H. E." : Rowell's eh. h. by Macduff-Albertha. Good start. Won easily. . Second and third
driving. ;. '•■>-".-;-.
Satsuma had nothing much to beat. The ride Morlnel received should be copyrighted
The last wishes of Dare were to be cremated. Dunpraise was badly messed about "
Scratched— 107. ■■■»•.
11.
_ SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; mares ; four-year-olds and upward- purse,
- $400. .-■'-'-- ' ' :■. - -,'-...'---' v '
Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
. Km.
Btr. '
Fin.
h. Jockeys.
293 Lost Girl, E... ]
339 Dolore, 5 .....1
681 Amelia Fonso, 6....;
579 New Moon, 6.......1
693 Silver State, a......:
328 Homestake, 5 1
468 Manzanllla, , 5 ....'..!
470 Bessie Lee, I 4 .:..... 1
440 Spry Lark, 6;..;..:.;
601 Colonial Dame," 4..:
... EJ'Salado, 4...:...".]
185 Miss Dividend, 4....:
694 Averlne, 4 ...... ..;..!
..." ;8 3
... 14 <
::: ■■-'.._*■
... 2 3
... 3 h
... 5 4
... - 9 h
... 10 2
... •122"
... 7 4.
...11 3
... . 13
5
2
3
4
1
8
■ 7
6
10
11
9
12
13
1 h
' 2 4
33
4 4
55
6 3
7 2
8 10
9 1.
10 8
11
12
, 13
ill ......
irtln....
3 4
15 :.12
4-5 8-5
■ 25". 100
10 10
30 60
10, 30
30 * 60*
100 ' 200 :'
30 50
8 20
100 ; : 300
6. 12
samp ';.
son ....
y........
c ......
* '...:'.;
■
. Time— 4. :244; 4. :49K; rK, 1:154. Winner, E. G. McConnell's eh. m. by Sobrante-Nel-
He K. Fair start. Won .first three driving. . , ■ . '
Unforeseen circumstances contributed to the favorite's defeat. Bullman's saddle slinDed
Lost Girl ran a great race. Spry Lark ran a smashing race. She was third Into the
stretch. ; Dolore was unbottled.-; . *"
Scratched— 105. . ■■ " ~ ,-
■ J ■ --.. ::■ . ... . ...; ..
last summer, paying $100 for him at the
Daly sale, and the opinion was generally
expressed that he should have won.
If the fog had been so thick that a
bunko man couldn't see a farmer through
It W. H. Martin could not have taken
more liberties with Dare 11. A repetition
of It should earn for the young man a
life position outside the confines of a
race track.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and up:
597 Napian 84 59" Bonibel 82
697 Engea 82 601 Campus 87
6<)3 Nora Ives 82 594 Madrone !<»
594 Don Luis 106 f.94 Zem Ztem 94
570 Lomo 99 577 Melkarth 9«
Second Race— Three and a h.alf furlongs; two
year-olds; selling:
Rlxford 109! 596 Pre6tome 106
" Almendral 104 483 March 5even. ...105
(596) Innovator 106 589 RegnMd Hughee.m
596 Infinity 103 483 Ice Drop 101
Third Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
604 Captive 112 590 Torslda 107
(593)O'Connf>ll 115 595 Llmewater WO
604 Moringa 106 515 Meroutio 112
Fourth Race— One and ft sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up:
686 Dunois 114 603 Robert Bonner.. 98
595 Malay 91 310 Storm King ....101
610 Rosebeau 89
Fifth Race— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and up; handicap:
K9B Frohman 90j(603)Mlstleton 100
484 Reolia 80l 603 Tom Cromwell.. 93
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
5«3 Zfcimar II 1091 599 Highland 8a11.. .117
684 Jim Bozeman ..99 687 Whlteomb ......109
593 Montallade 109 599 Mainstay 112
684 Q. H. Ketcham. 9!) 605 I Don't Kn0w.. 109
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Bonibel, Campus, Madrone.
Second Race— Prestome, Innovator, Reginald
Hughes.
Third Race— Torslda, Moringa. O'Connell.*
Fourth Race— Dunoiß, Robert Bonner, Malay.
Fifth Race— Frohman, Tom Cromwell, Mistle
ton.
Sixth Race— Whlteomb, Zftmar 11, Jim Boze-
man. _
KENNEL CLUB BENCH SHOW.
Will Occur in May Under an Eastern
Judge.
The annual meeting of the' San Fran
cisco Kennel Club was held yesterday at
the Occidental Hotel, with a large attend
ance of the members. Among those pres
ent were: Henry J/ Crocker, Adolph B.
Spreckels, John E. de Ruyter, Henry H.
Carlton, William Kittle, J. P. Norman,
Mortimer Fitch, Robert Bolton, John G.
Barker, F. G. Skaife, Fred W. Tallant
and W. C. Brown.
John E. de Ruyter presided. The first
business of the evening was the election
of a board of directors, whose number
was by resolution reduced from seven to
five The directors elected were A. B.
Spreckels, Henry J. Crocker, John E. de
Ruyter, William S. Kittle and J. P. Nor
man.
The next proceeding was the re-election
of Captain C. B. Knocker as delegate to
the American Kennel Club, the nominat
ing speeches being profuse in their com
plimentary allusions to his services.
The resignation of Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn
was accepted, with many expressions of
regret, but it was the only course open
to the club, as the doctor has allied him
self to an organization in contravention
of the rules of the American Kennel Club.
The subject of the bench show was then
brought up. and after considerable dis
cussion it was decided that it should be
held during the first week in May or as
near thereto as practicable. An Eastern
judge will be brought out. and the selec
tion will be left to the judgment of the
bench show committee.
The election of the bench show commit
tee was next in order, and the choice of
the club rested on the following gentle
men: John E. de Ruyter, Henry J.
Crocker, William S. Kittle, J. P. Nor
man and H. H. Carlton. A guarantee
fund was subscribed by the members
present, and the meeting adjourned.
The board of directors convened imme
diately, with Mr. de Ruyter in the chair.
The election of officers resulted as fol
lows: President, Adolph B. Spreckels;
first vice president, John E. de Ruyter;
second vice president. Henry J. Crocker;
secretary-treasurer, Henry H. Carlton.
The details of the preliminary work
necessary to the organization of the
bench show were settled and the meeting
adjourned.
Judging from the enthusiasm manifest
ed by the members it will be safe to pre
dict a rousing success for this year's
show.
MRS. REGAN'S CRY TO
HER SISTER ANNIE
DEFENSE IN KENNEDY MUBDEB
CASE COMMENCED.
A Motion to Dismiss After the
Prosecution Bested Is Denied
by the Judge.
The prosecution in the case of Mrs.
Elizabeth Regan, charged with the mur
der of Policeman Kennedy, rested yes
day afternoon and the defense was com
menced. There were only two witnesses
examined for the prosecution— Leon E.
Stolz and Joe Foran — both employed at
Michaelson's stables on Ellis street. They
testified to having often seen Mrs. Regan
at the stables looking for Kennedy, and
Foran once saw them having a "spat."
A few days before Kennedy was mur
dered he told Foran that he had a big job
on his hands to get rid of Mrs. Regan,
and he was afraid she would kill him.
Foran admitted that he was an ex-con
vict and went at one time under the name
of Thomas Lloyd.
Attorney Long moved for the dismissal
of the case, as the prosecution had failed
to show that Kennedy was shot in
self-defense, but Judge Graham declined
to grant the motion.
Mrs. Annie Dean, a sister of the defend
ant, was the first witness for the defense.
She testified that on the day of the mur
der she left her house on Falrmount
street to go to a grocery about a block
from 232 Chenery street, and thought she
would call and see her sister. She went
in by t"he side gate and opened the kitchen
door. After closing the door she heard
the noise of a scuffle in the dining room,
and Mrs. Regan screamed to her: "For
God's sake, Annie, come here. Tom Ken
nedy is killing me." She ran out the
back way and across the street to ncr
sister, Mrs. Johnston, and told her that
she heard a scuffle and Kennedy was kill
ing Lizzie. Mrs. Johnston ran across the
street and witness remained on the back
porch of Mrs. Johnston's house until she
returned. Nothing was said by either
about the tragedy.
Mrs. Dean was subjected to a severe
cross-examination by Attorney Barrett,
but she stuck to her story. She admitted
that she said to Captain Gillen and Bar
rett when questioned by them thnt the
words used by Mrs. Regan were "Tom
Kennedy is killing me," but now she was
under oath and told the truth. She ad
mitted that some bedding was taken to
her house from Chenery street on the
night of the stiooting, but that was be
cause Mrs. Regan's little girl went to stay
with her. The prosecution will attempt
to prove that the bedding was taken from
the bed on which Kennedy was sleeping
when they claim he was killed, so that
all trace of blood, if any, could be wiped
out. The case will be continued this
morning.
HESS WINS HIS SUIT
AGAINST THE UNION
THE JUBY AWARDS HIM A
JUDGMENT.
As the Rights of Organized Labor
Are in Question an Appeal to
the Supreme Court Will
Be Taken.
Fred Hess Jr.. who sued the San Fran
cisco Typographical Union to recover $25,
--000 damages for having been forced out
of employment by the union, he being a
non-union man, has won his fight, at
least so far as the Superior Court is
concerned. Yesterday afternoon the jury
before which the case was heard returned
into court and gave judgment in Hess'
favor for the sum of $1200.
AH day Wednesday argument was heard
by the court on a motion made by the
defendant for a nonsuit. Authority after
authority was cited, but the court refused
to grant a nonsuit, and the defendant put
on its witnesses. Then the case was ar
gued and submitted. The jury was out
some time, but finally reached the above
verdict.
The case involved the right of a union
to protect itself from what it termed
"scab" labor and "ratting," the former
being a term applied to a non-union man,
the latter being applied to a union man
who has refused to walk out when a
strike is ordered. It has been held in the
highest English court that a union has a
right to protect itself and its objects.
Whether the Supreme Court will so hold
remains to be seen.
MARDI GRAS BALL.
An Unusual Interest Being Taken in
This Society Event.
Society has aroused Itself for the Mardi
Gras ball to be held at the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art on the evening of
St. Valentine's day. Up to date fifty-six
gentlemen"s tickets and forty-seven la
dies' tickets have been applied for. This
number is far in excess of any demand
in the preceding years in which such an
entertainment has been given. "Work has
already commenced on two band Ltanda.
One is being erected in the left, end of the
hall and the other in the large window
of the drawing room. The work of deco
ration will not be undertaken until after
Monday, as Sunday is a free day at trje
institute. The decorations will be gor
geous and beautiful. Florists have had
large orders placed with them, and hand
some palms and evergreens will come
from Santa Barbara. Ttifi caterers say
that never before in the history of Mardl
Oras socials have they received so many
orders so long a time previous to the en
tertainment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
Elec- / i|^^"^^ Doctor
tricity Bfir ■' Bweany's
Medicine \Sk. j33^ f£i?*S Elictro-
When \vfl A I Medical
Alone a > men *
DOCTOR SWEANY'S
COMBINED TREATMENT
-£F THE GREAT CURATIVE POWERS ..
Never Fails to Cure Any Curable Disease.
This treatment combines the two greatest
factors of the healing art— Electricity and
Medicine. : Electricity la the acknowledged
greatest power on earth. When • used alone it
has a very beneficial effect on many diseases,
but \ when scientifically combined • with • the
proper medicines and administered by *an ex-
perienced and competent physician, cures • are
effected when all other methods had failed.
MY NEW COMBINED TREATMENT :
Restores lost vigor and vitality to weak men.
Organs of the body which have been weakened
through ' disease, ; overwork, excesses or • indis-
cretions are : restored to perfect health and
strength through this ■ new end original ; sys-
tem of treatment. RUPTURE cured ■by ' this
new . method, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, : sure and permanent
cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele, swelling and
tenderness ;of : the glands treated with - unfail-
ing success. .CONTAGIOUS BLOOD ; POISON
In any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the system. LADIES will receive special at-
tention for all their, many ailments. WRITE if
.you cannot call. He will also send you a valu-
able book, "Guide to Health," free of charge.
Address F.L. SWEANT. M.D.. 737 Market it..
Ban FranciEco, Cal. - r
ADVERTISEMENTS. ^_._.„ '^'2^
yr '^w^r '* '^ c P r ' ce °' tne DAINTIESTf
>^ ■» jjr JAUNTIEST, most stylish littla
jf' ' 1' i^Sr wheel "that ever was," the No. 26
JBF. W ntoKMAsc*
«^ " The 20 " Yeap -° ld Wheel."
** That should easily settle a choice between a Ram-
bler and any other wheel, of any sort! "NAME,
QUALITY, PRICE, are what count." -
"YOU ARE INVITED TO CALL AND SEE RAMBLERS,
WHETHER YOU INTEND TO BUY OR NOT."
THOS. H. B. •VJLPLITEir,
:V : RAMBLER BICLORAJVIA,
MARKET AND TENTH STS. San Francisco.
I THE LYON AND §
I HEALY COLLECTION I
£ ....of-....
: FINE old:
I VIOLINS !
5 Will Be on Exhibition and Sale at the 5
« PALACE HOTEL g
© — FROM— g
• February 3d to 13th, 1899. •
5 MR. JAY C. FREEMAN in charge. •
m The attendance of everyone interested es
a in a violin is cordially invited. «
A A very unusual opportunity is here 0
<& offered to select a fine instrument at a
S the lowest Chicago and London prices. 5
A Time payments may be arranged, a
2 Borne beautiful specimens for students' 5:
• use will be shown. , 9
I DO YOU KNOW
ca , Where to go for fine stylish cut clothes at
ease moderate prices ? «,
;| JOE POHEIM, The Tailor
' jJ* MAKES
y*£ Pants to order from ......$ 4.00 to $10.00
jgui AH Wool Business Suit... 10.00 to 36.00
o== Elegant Dress* Suit .00 to 40.C0
i= c! Full Dress 5a1t....... 20.00 to 60.00
Ia „. Stylish Overcoat ■• • • 16.00 to 40.00
>-— All goods are trimmed with best linings made
t— £ by the best workmen and guaranteed to fit or
2 your money returned.
« MI-MS Montgomery St., tor. Bosh ... PR ,, fKf »
|" 1110-1112 Market Strert.. )S " FRixcISW »
=S «> Fourteenth Street, 01KUKD, CIL
"PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK.
ALUMINUM PAINT, for decorative and
general uses, on wood or metal, washable, un-
tarntshable. LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SIL-
VER.
PEGAMOID LEATHERS WATERPROOF.
GREASEPROOF, STAINPROOF, superior in
all respects to natural leather.
Send 25c for SAMPLE BOTTLE PAINT, or
enough leather to cover dining chair, desk or
footstool, and pamphlet.
WHAT IS PEGAMOID?
PEGAMOID LEATHERS AND PAINTS on
Exhibition. We Cordially Invite
■•;■,', •*•-• - •Inspection.—
Come and See a PEGAMOID ROOM
On EMPORIUM and WILL & FINCK.
WESTERN AGENCIES CO.,
61 and 62 Chronicle building, San Francisco.
Use f**% v se
Woodbury's (?'**'% Woodbury's
Facial Soap. Facial Cream.
All blood disorders, skin and scalp diseases,
and nervous affections, no matter from what
cause or of how long standing, are success-
fully treated , without the use of mercury or
other poisonous drugs by JOHN H. WOOD-
BURY, 26 W. 23d St.. New York, and 163 State
St., Chicago. Send 10 cents for Baauty Book,
and receive sample each of Facial Soap or
Facial Cream, free. -' .
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
" Telephone South 21
Dealer and Importer of all brand* of COKS.
Yards at HOWARD AND BE ALE ST..
AMUSEMENTS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
MME. ni 00 1! ISO
teresa uAnKtNU
World's Greatest Pianlste I
THREE GRAND PERFORMANCES
MONDAY EVENING February 6
WEDNESDAY EVENING .....February 8
SATURDAY- MAT1NEE.... ..;'... February 11
PRICES— SI.OO, $1.50, $2.00.
Seats now ■ on sale . at The San Francisco
Music Co., 225 , Sutter st.
CHICKERING PIANO USED.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATER!
pialnka,
THE "LADY OF LIONS."
THE SENSATION OF 2 CONTINENTS.
TO-NIGHT—
AMATEUR NIGHT!
AMATEUR AMAZON MARCH
; 40 AMATEUR AMAZONS-40
• SEE THE LIVING OSSIFIED MAN!
Breathes and Talks!- Almost Made of Marble!
: ■ 10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, 6c.
* ■ •. ■ - .-. . ■ - •
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 3 NIGHTS AITD MATINEE SATURDAY.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCE.
frank "DANIELS
And His Comic Opera Company,
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
EXTRA!
SEATS NOW READY.
Louis JAMES,
KfITHRYN KIDDER,
FREDERICK VUfIRDEi
First Performance NEXT MONDAY.
"THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
/TllrfVwmi/1 M y! What a Care-
George H. Broadhurst's Mirthful Plenitude.
A Great
/why\ Cast
( smithN Including
I ■ H«IP"S» 1 MACLYN
1 LEFT larbuckle.
Vhoihe/ ij
X■ I 'SSr I VI mmf Dorothy Usner,
r• . > .jT Rose Stuart,
- ,rtV^^ Blanch Chap-
man, etc.
Coming-BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT ?£!*•
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
SOL SMITH RUSSELL'S
BEAUTIFUL COMEDY DRAMA,
PEACEFUL
VALLEYS
J§g PRICES jgg
7— NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS!— 7
The High-Class Comedy Artists.
MILTON AND DOLLY NOBLES.
In the * Roaring Farce. "Why Walker
Reformed."
The European Concert Star. GIACINTA
DELLA ROCCO. Celebrated Violiniste.
DERENDA AND BREEN. Club Jugglers.
WILLIE OZEOLA, Balancing Acrobat.
Rice's Rag-time Opera. "CLORINDY."
WILSON AND LEICESTER, Operatic Stars.
MAX CINCINATI and MUSICAL AVOLO3.
Xylophone Wonders.
Reserved seats, 23c. Balcony, 10c. Opera
.chairs and box seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krelintr. Proprietor and Mrr-
■ EVERY EVENING
Offenbach's Celebrated Comic Opera,
"LA PERICHOLE"
Presented with the Strongest Singing Company
in America.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT WEEK— By Request,
"SUZETTE."
Oscar Well's Comedy Opera,
LOOK OUT FOR.
MADELEINE, or THE MAGIC KISS
By the author and composer of "The Wedding Day."
POPULAR PRICES .....25c and 800
N. B.— reserved seat for the matinee.. .2so
■ Our Telephone, Bush 9. .'. , ■ ,
CONCERTS AND RESORTS
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON, at 2:30.
MME. AC • -S FRIED. Soprano.
Assisted by GIULIO MINETTI. Violinist, and
HILDA NEWMAN, . Pianist.
Seats, $1 00, at Sherman" Clay & Co.'b.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99, beginning MONDAY-
Jan. 23, to SATURDAY, Feb. 4, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:80. 1, 1:30, .2, 2:"0 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
.. Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:13
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUQE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO UL.
■ EVERYBODY RIDES. -'. -;'<■:
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSE* '
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a .^h:ide firmer.
Wheat futures declined.
Barley futures advanced.
Oats firm and in better demand.
Corn dull and Rye lower.
Borne changes in Feedstuffs.
Hay still weak.
Benns and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes steady and Onions weak.
Asparagus and Rhubarb received.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Egg? lower again.
Kruit market unchanged.
Poultry and Game quiet.
Larger customs collections.
Heavier coinage of the Mint.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE SALES.
The January sales at the San Francisco
Produce Board compare as follows:
IS9S. . 1899.
Wheat, tons 207,200 124.000
Barley 42,400 14,300
Totals 249. 138.300
Sales for the first seven months of the cereal
year compare as follows:
-ft 1597-9 S. 1898-99.
Wheat, tons 2,109,700 1,099,600
Barley 159,400 113,200
Totals 2,269,1' M 1,212,800
COINAGE OF THE MINT.
The coinage Of the local Mint in January was
146,000 and consisted of $1,410,000 In double
eagles, $2,570,000 in half eagles and $336,000 In
dollars. The coinage for the first seven months
of the fiscal year was $43.135,355, against $27,
--<52,793 for the same time last year.
CUSTOMS COLLECTIONS.
Local customs collections in January were
££6,1C0, against $516,800 in January, 1533.
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller j
reports stocks of grain in warehouse and on
wharf February 1 as follows, in tons.
, Wheat ,
' Pt. Costa. Stockton. City.
1899— January 1 ..73,676 22,309 7.5545 1
ISs9—February 1 68,618 21.494 T. 546 :
, Barlw ,
Pt. Costa. Stockton. City. |
IS93—January 1 5.755 , 3.597 13.150 i
18H8—February 1 5,023 2,807 12,583
Oats. ' Corn. Bran.
IS99—January 1 6.175 675 187
lsf<9—February 1 6,145 690 ' 130
Receipts in January were 3262 tons. Barley,
2217 do Oats,, 1371 do Corn and 1143 do Bran.
1
:
|
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. I, 1899. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.36 17.74 18.87
Red Bluff 0.01 13.06 7.25
Sacramento 0.00 7.85 5.62
San Francisco COS 7.75 5.39
Fresno Trace 3.72 2.31
San Luis Obispo 0.01 6.93 2.98
Los Angeles 0.00 2.53 3.79
San Diego O.CO 3.41 3.12
Tuma 0.00 LSI 1.23
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
43; minimum, 43; mean. 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen except along the cen
tral and southern coast of California. It is
lowest off the Oregon coast and highest over
Montana. It has risen rapidly over Oregon, j
Washington and the plateau region.
The temperature baa fallen in all districts.
The weather is generally cloudy over the
entire Pacific slope. Light rain or snow has
fallen in all districts except southern Califor
nia and Arizona.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy i
and somewhat threatening weather in Califor- |
nia Thursday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 2, 1899:
Northern California— Partly cloudy and 1
threatening Thursday, with showers on north- 1
west coast; continued cold; fresh southwest
wind.
Southern California —Partly cloudy Thursday;
colder; fresh west wind.
Nevada—Cloudy, with occasional snow Thurs- i
day.
Cloudy, with snow Thursday: colder.
Arizona—Cloudy, with snow in north portion
Thursday; colder.
San Francisco and —Partly cloudy
and somewhat threatening Thursday; contin
ued cool; fresh southwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. I.— Many specialties made
sharp advances to-day, while the changes in f
the railways were rather mixed. Interest cen- '
tered largely in low priced shocks, as Is shown j
by the dealings of 56.000 r res in Texas Pa
cific and 40,000 in Denver and Rio Grande, which
made extreme advances of 2 points each. At- I
chison preferred, which of late has been a j
bear target, made an advance of about 2 points j
on transactions of 100,000 shares. Among the ;
ether strong stocks were C. C. C. and St. Louis, I
Dcs Moines and Fort Dodge, Manhattan, Mo- |
bile an.] Ohio, Lake Erie and Western and '■
Twin City Rapid Transit made average ad- I
vances of 2 points, aside from the last men
tioned, which rose five and lost half of it.
New York, New Haven and Hartford advanced ,
6 points, and New York Airbrake, after an !
initial break of four points, rose 9.
London was a seller on balance of about
35.000 shares, but was a purchaser in the late
dealings. The market locally opened lower
under bear pressure and commission house I
realizations. The reaction reached a point in '
only a Jew shares, which embraced some of |
the specialties— Louisville, New Jersey Central
and C. C. C. and St. Louis. The decline in
standard stocks was checked after fractional i
recessions on the appearance of buying orders, !
which caused a renewed advance, and stand- I
nrd stocks rallied above yesterday's close. I
Sugar was attacked, thus checking the rise ;
elsewhere. Finally, after feverish fluctuations.
Sugar ended with a small gain. The reported j
gold developments in Colorado .ent strength to
Denver and Rio Grande, ona its semi-annual :
statement was also a sur->orting factor. Man- i
hattan's rise was probably on advance Infor
mation of the provisions for a loan for elec- '■
trical equipment. The bears as usual sought
to bring about a reaction in the last hour, but
the offerings were well taken, and as soon as ■
pressure was removed the market closed firm. !
The St. Paul weekly statement of gross earn- \
ings, which often, according as they are more
or less favorable have a distinct effect upon j
the market, did not aDpear to-cay, and it was !
said that they would be given out Saturday
night. The bond market maintained a very !
strong tone throughot ■ with exceptional
strength In Texas and Pacific seconds. New 1
Haven debentures and Wisconsin Central firsts.
The latter rose 7% to 63« but reacted to 65%.
Total sale?, "25,000.
United .State* new fours, coupon, advanced
li In the bid price.
Total Bales of stocks to-day were 872,200
shares, including 27,420 Atchison, 92,620 do pre
ferred. 9200 Central Pacific. 13,630 C. and Ohio
16,610 Burlington, 13.894 C. C. C. and St. Louis
41,520 Denver and Rio Grande, 18.120 do pre
ferred, 15.600 Louisville and . ashvllle, 227.430
Manhattan, 1G,6c0 Reading preferred. 3200 Min
nesota, 27,560 Missouri Pacific, 6120 Mobile and
Ohio, 7420 New lork Central, 14,700 North
American. 23.910 Northern Pacific. 6710 do pre
ferred. 3700 Ontario and Western, 3700 Reading
COOO Rock Island, 3SIB St. Louis and San Fran
cisco. 18,600 Union Pacific prererred. 20,820 St
Paul, 14.941 Southern Pacific. 9230 Southern 16 -
410 do preferred, 56,200 Texas and Pacific, 4640
Wabash preferred. KSS Cotton Oil, 6390 Tobac
co, 14.020 Steel, 18.920 do preferred. 7213 People's
Gas, 682S Consolidated Gas, 6970 _»rooklyn Tran
sit, 10.510 Pacific Mail, 45.C20 Sugar. 6600 T C
& L.. 15.510 Rubber. 5105 St. Louis and South
western preferred, 8920 Chicago and Great West- !
em.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 23 | Do 2d prefd 43« !
Do prefd 62>4 St L & S W 10%
Baltimore & Ohio. 70 I Do prefd 27
Canada Pacific 86% St Paul 128%
Canada Southern.. 59 1 Do prefd „ 168
Cent Par 51% St P & Orfl 93%
Ches & Ohio 30 j Do prefd 170
Chi & Alton 172 So Pacific .41%
Chi B & Q 135*4! So Railway 13^
Chi & E 111. 67 : Do prefd 502 !
Do prefd. 110 j Texas & Pacific... 20% !
Chi G W 17 ! Union Pacific ..... 4711, '
Chi Ind & L...... 8% Do prefd ........ 80%
Do ««efd ........ 30 D PD & 0 12?
Chi ifS W 149% Wabaah - s%
Do prefd 191 Do prefd 23'<4
C C C & S L 60% Wheel & L E '. 12%
Do prefd 98% Do prefd 33%
Del & Hudson ....112% Express Companies-
Del L & W 154 Adams Ex IKi
Del & Rio 0 22% American Ex ... 140
Do prefd 74% United States .... 55
Erie new 15>ilWelIs Fargo 123
Do Ist prefd .... 40% Miscellaneous— ; ,
Ft Wayne 178 A Cot Oil 36 7 4
Gt Nor prefd 173% Do prefd 91
Hocking Valley.... 2% Amu Spirits ...... 13«
Illinois Cent 1174 Do prefd ........ 38«
Lake Erie & W... 20% Am Tobacco 146%
Do ' prefd ..'. 70% Do prefd 137'
Lake Shore .......200% Cons Gas 199%
Louis & Nash 66% Com Cable C0......1!)0 -
Manhattan L 116% Col F & Iron 34%
Met St Ry ...217% Do prefd 93
Mich Cent 115 Gen Electric ......111%
Minn & St L...... 46 Haw Coml Co .... C 2%
Do Ist prefd .... 08 Brooklyn R T.... 88
Mo Pacific ........ 47*4 Intnl Paper ....... 60
Mobile & 0hi0.... 41% . Do prefd-.. 92
Mo X & T 14'» Laclede Gas ...... 55 '
Do prefd ........ 38% Lead ................ 37%
N .7 Central 102 Do prefd 113 -i
NY Central ......133% Fed Steel 53%
N V Chi & St L.. 16 Do prefd ........ 8*
Do Ist [>refd .... 73 Nat Lin OH 7
% Do 2d prefd ..... 37 Pacific Mall ..:.-.. 52%
Nor West 19% People's Gas ......116
No Amer Co Bft * Pullman Pol 160
No Pacific; 52% Silver Cert 59%
Do prefd :... M Standard R & T.. 10
Ontario & W 22% Sugar 134%
Or R & Nay 49 Do prefd 113
Or Short Line 42 T C & Iron 44%
I Pac Coast Ist pfd. 85 US Leather 7%
Do 2d prefd .... 64% Do prefd .. <3%
Plttßburg ...ISO V 8 Rubber 52%
Reading 23% Do prefd 116
Do Ist prefd .... 61% West Union »*%
li a W 37% Or Nay prefd. 70%
Do prefd 73 Pac Coast ....' 48
Rock Island 119% Colo Southern .... 7*4
iStL & S F 13% Do Ist prefd .... 54%
Do prefd 73% Do 2d prefd 22
\ ■ CLOSING BONDS.
V S new 4? coup. .l2Bft N J C 5s 115%
US 4s 112 N Carolina 6s 130
Do c0up0n. .......112fc Do 4s .....104
Do 2ds 99 No Pac lstß.: 118
US 5b reg 111% Do 3s 63%
Do 58 coup ..111% Do 4s 103%
District 3 65s 117% N V C & St L 45. .107%
Ala class A 107 Nor &W 6s .129
Do 107 Northwest™ c0n5.. 144%
Do C 100 Do deb 5s 122
Do Currency 100 Or Nay lsts 113%
Atchison 4s 101% Or Nay 4s 100%
Do ad) 4s 83 O S Line 6e tr 129
Can So 2ds 111% O S Line 5s tr 111%
C& O 4%s 9G Reading 4s 88%
Chicago T 4s 95% R G W lsts 94%
C & Ohio 5s US% St L & I M con 55.11 l
C H & D 4%s 104% St L A S F G 65. .123 ft
D & R O lsts 108 ft St P Con 162%
D & R G 48 101 St PC & P 15t5. ..119
Knst Term lsts.... 104% 1 Do 5s 121%
Erie Gen 4s 70 iSo Railway 5b 106
F \V & D Bts tr... 86%|Stand R & T 65.... 86
Gen Elec Es 112VilTenn new set 3s 96%
G H & S A 6s 109 Tex Pac L G lsts. .lll
Do 2ds 107 Do reg 2ds 50
H & T C 5s 110 !r P D & G lsts... 91
Do con 65. ...... 110 iWab Ist 5s 115%
lowa C lsts 109% Do 2ds 97ft
La new con 4s 109 IW Shore 4s 112%
L & N Unl 4s 96%iVa Centuries 87
Missouri con 6s. 114% ■ Do deferred S%
M X & T 2ds 67*; Wls Cent lsts 65%
Do 4s M Union Pac 4s 104%
N V Central Ist*.. 117% Colo So 4s 86%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20!Ontarlo 5 50
Crown Point 10|Opbir ■ J . v ... 57
Con. Cal. & Va.... 1 43 i Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry 241 Do preferred. ..... 5 00
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 80
Homestake 50 00 Standard 2 00
Iron Silver 78 Union Con 32
Mexican 33 Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • Do preferred 63%
Call loans 2 . @3 .Wls Central 2%
Time loans 2%@4 Gen Elec prefrd....ls6
Stocks— . Atch prefrd 62%
Atch Top &St Fe.. 22% Bonds—
Amer Sugar 134% "Wis Cent Is 63%
Do preferred 113 i Do 6s 130%
Bay State Gas 3%! Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 313 .Allouez Mln C 0.... 10%
Boston & Albany.. i Boston & Mont 345
Boston & Maine.... 171 |Butte & Boston 90
Boston & L 88% Calumet & Hec1a..750
Chi Bur & Q 135% Centennial 34%
Fitchburg 115 Franklin 25%
Gen Electric 11l Old Dominion 38%
Mexican Cent 7 lOsceola .'......101
Old Colony 200 iQulncy 180
Or Short Line 43 I Tamarack 240
Rubber S3 Wolverine 43%
Union Pacific Parrot t 39%
West End 93 Humboldt s"*
Do preferred 11l Union Land 8%
Westing Elec 44
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Feb. I.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, {274,584,275; gold reserve,
$228,652,342.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. 1.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was reduced to-day and consols were
dull on the news that a Chinese five per cent
loan of 1.300.000. secured by the Northern rail
ways, will probably be lcsued at the end of the
week.
The American market Is much shrunk. ' Deal
ers who came over from Africans are return
ing thither and nervous bulls sold all morn-
Ing, but New York bought Denver issues and
Atchison, Chesapeake and Union Pacific, and
the close was at the best. I confirm the report '
of the early appearance of the Central Pacific '
reorganization scheme. The assessment will be i
Jlo In exchange for 25 per cent of fours or -'0
of fives, southern Pacific tionds.
Tlntos touched 39% and closed at 39 on large
bear failure in Paris. There was a rise In cop
per of 15 shillings a ton. I hear from a good -
source that the year's output of Rio Tintos
has been taken at 73 to 75. Anaconda's mine
statistics for the fortnight show supplies down
564 tons. The bank has bought 116,000 pounds
in bars, including 75,000 pounds African gold
at 7s 9%d. *
CLOSING.
LONDON,' Feb. I.— Canadian Pacific. 89%:
Grand Trunk. 7%: Bar Silver, steady, 27% d per
ounce; Money. l@l l i per cent.
NSW YORK GRAIN AND MERCHANDISE.
NEW YORK. Feb. I.— FLOUR— Receipts, 33,
-765 bbls; exports, 9805. Neglected and lower on
spring wheat grades. Minnesota patents, $4 10
m 25.
WHEAT— Receipts, 114,400 bushels; exports,
36,065. Spot steady. No. 2 red, 82% c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened firmer on the
unexpected firmness of cables and the unfavor
able Western news. Shorts were stubborn,
however, and failure to run them in provoked
more and heavier liquidation at midday, helped
also by small clearances. In the last, hour
moderate rallies followed on exDort rumors,
an.i the close was steady at %c to >,;c net de
cline. March, So%@Sl%c, closed !>o c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS — The advancing movement in
metals Is still unchecked. To-day copper, tin
and lead made another generous gain in heavy
demand, most favorable news from primary
points and strong cables, or practically the
same class of information as has dominated the
market for some time past. Sellers were hard
to find even at the advance, and the outlook
Is all that holders could desire. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlRON— Warrants, firm, at $8 50 nominal.
LAKE COPPER-Strong and higher, with $17
bid and 117 25 asked.
TlN— Strong, with $25 bid and $25 15 asked.
LEAD— Strong, with $4 65 bid and 14 75
asked. . . -
SPELTER— Firm, with $5 70 bid and $5 80
asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 30, and for
copper $17 M.
COFFEE— Options closed steady at net un
changed prices. Sales 12,500 bags, Including
March, $5 60; May, $5 75; July, (5 9u- September,
56 05: December. $6 25.
Spot coffee— Rio. quiet; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw. firmer; fair refining, 3 13-16 c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16 c; molasses sugar,
3 9-16 c; refined, firm.
BUTTER — Receipts. 5392 packages; firm.
Western creamery, 16© 19c; Elgins, 19c; West
ern factory, 10@14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 9940 packages; firm. West
ern, 19% c; Southern. lStfillf-c. • ,
. DRIED FRUITS. i
NEW YORK. Feb. California dried fruits:
Apples, steady; other fruits firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7@Sc;
prime wire tray, B*i<Si9c; choice, Stft<&!»ftc; fancy.
Hteiioc. v ■ '
PRUNES— 3%(!?IOc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c: Moorpark, 13@17c.
ACHES— Unpeeled, lie; peeled, 22®25c
per pound. . ,
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. I— WHEAT— Comparative
firmness at Liverpool, considering the sharp
slump here yesterday, gave wheat a good start.
The weather throughout the winter wheat
country was recognized as being very trying
on the plant, and as the fields were said to
be for the most part bare of snow some ap
prehension under such conditions was favor
able. May opened %@%c higher at 74%®75c,
and as there was a disposition on the part
of some shorts to cover the price. touched 75ftc.
The early signs of recuperation In the local
market soon disappeared under the discourag
ing weakness of the New York market. While
at Chicago the price of May showed a %c ad
vance over yesterday's closing price. New York
did not recover more than %c. As the heavy
shorts who had sold May wheat from around
79c showed no Inclination to cover on the early
advance the market was left without support
as soon as a few of the more moderate oper
ators had taken what .profit the Improvement
in prices gave them. The holders of long wheat
loaded down the market with offerings and
May declined quickly to 73% c. That 'figure
brought May within the limit of some orders
for export, and caused enough buying to send
May up to 74%@74%c. where it closed
CORN— Moderate receipts, light offerings and *
a good shipping demand strengthened corn**
May closed with a gain of %c. . /
OATS— slow but strong and left off ft
Viii Sic advance. /
PROVISIONS— firm, but be<Wne
weak under the influence of the forenoon bleak '
In - wheat. Later, - however, the market re-'
covered again on the reported healthy tone «rt
the cash trade. ■; Some of the early : weakness
was ascribed to a large Increase In stocks' at
Liverpool. May pork closed 7%c higher lard
2%c. and ribs sc. . ' j v .. . \ / /
The leading futures ranged as follows/
Articles- Open. High. Low!/ Close
Wheat No. 2— V *- lOBe -
May — 75 • 73% . 73% 7414
fc^gipi *' -- m 71 * §
Corn No. 2—
May ...-..:......:...-. 37% '. |» • 37% 37%
July 38ft 38% 87% • is%
September .'. 38% " 38% 38% ■ 38%
Oats No. 2— *
May 28-28% 27% 28"A
July.. ....26% 26% 26% 2 %
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May .....:. 10 37% 10 42% 10 27% 10 42%
.Lard, per 100 pounds— ' . , '
May ... ......;.„.. ..5 80' 5 82% 5 77% 5 82%
July ...... .......:. ..5 92% . 595 ; 590 695
Short Ribs, per. 100 pounds— - : .
May ..........5 12% ,5 17%, 5 12%..-5 17%
July .■...:....... ....5 25 5 27% 525 5 27%
Cash . quotations were as follows: . ':'. .
Flour, quiet and easy; No. 2 spring wheat,
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1899.
69@73c;" No. 3 spring wheat, 65%@71c; No. 12
red, 73@74c; No. 2 corn, 36@36»ic; No. 2 oats,
27%(iff2Sc; No. 2 white, 30@30%c; No. 3 white,
29%<<?30c; No. 2 rye, f. o. b., 57c; No. 2 barley,
42@51c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 14: prime -timothy
seed, $2 35<g!2 40; mess pork, per barrel, $10 20
(TriO 25; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 60@5 62%; short
ribs sides (loose), 54 SO(SS 05; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). 4Vi@4%c; short clear sides (boxed).
$5 10@5 15; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon, $1 £7. ::
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17,000 25.000
Wheat bushels 99.000 26.000
Corn, bushels 705.000 137.000
Oats, bushels 334,000 253,000
Rye. bushels ..:..... 14,000 ". 6.000
Barley, bushels 92,000 5,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: Creameries, 13(gl8Vic; Dai
ries. 10%@16c. Eggs, firm: fresh, 17% c. Cheese,
steady; creameries, 9%@11c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis- 246,000 . 40.670
Duluth .A."! 106,080 13,317
Milwaukee 23,200 7.000
Chicniro 99,474 26.08.)
Toledo 22.231 12,000
!^t^ :::::::::::::::::::::: 15.000 5,000
Detroit !...... 18.928 10,539
Kansas City ■■ 44,000 39,600
Totals 574,913 164,111
B™n Water : 49.040 21,584
New York... 114.400 ' 36,065
Philadelphia 29,631 98*
Baltimore ,5!'252
Galveston ■■ 56,832 124,000
Totals 273,359 462,554
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat- March. May.
Opening 6 Mi 5 8%
Closing 5 10V* 5 9%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Feb. May-July.
Opening 45 45 45 80
Closing 45 50 45 85
Opening" 21 65 2175
Closing 2170 21 7o
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Feb. CATTLE-There was an
undertone of strength In the cattle trade to
day and most of the good beef and spring
steers sold at firm prices, while the plainer
grades were disposed of rather more readily
than for some time. Fancy cattle brought $6®
6 20- choice steers. $5 60@5 95; medium steers.
1695 25; beef steers, M©4 95; bulls, $2 70@4 05;
cows and heifers, $3 30<?i4; calves, $3 60<&7 10;
western fed steers, $4 10@5 40; Texas steers,
$3 75©'5 10.
HOGS— Owing to the large run of hogs prices
started 2%®5c lower, with a restricted de
mand. Subsequently the packers took hold
more freely and the market ruled firm. Pack
ing lots $3 65 •■(3 75: mixed, $3 60*93 52%; butch
ers,. $3 CO© 3 90; lights, $3 60@3 80; pigs, $3 25®
3 55
SHEEP— The demand for sheep was' fairly
active at steady prices. Common to choice
grades brought $2 50© 4 30; yearlings, $4 25@
4 60; lambs, $3 7"><frs 10.
Receipts— Cattle. 13.000; hogs, 4o,000; sheep,
16,000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Feb. I.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The wool
market has, on the whole, shown a great Im
provement during the past week. Prices as yet
have shown no advance, it is true, but a firmer
feeling prevails and there has been more busi
ness transacted. ' The cause of improvement
was the report of an advance in the price of
heavy weights by a leading worsted mill and
the possibility that a further advance would
be established on these goods next week. The
bullish feeling is Intensified also by the course
of the London sales, at which prices have ad
vanced about 20 per cent on some lines of
<>rossbrs'ls and fully 5 per cent on merinos.
The month of January was a disappointing
one. The volume of business transacted was
considerably less than last year. The sales
amounted to only 17,882,000 pounds, as compared
with 23,610,000 pounds in 1S!*8. The sales of the
week in Boston amount to 3,396,000 pounds do
m»stie and 770,000 foreign, making a total of
4.666.C00 pounds, against a total of 3,524,000 for
the iirevious week and a total of 4.137,000 for
the corresponding week last year. Sales since
January 1. 1599, amout to 17 552.000 pounds,
against 23.610.000 pounds last year at this time.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, Feb. I.— The first series of the 1899
' wool auction sales closed to-day. Throughout
the series the tone was very strong. It is esti
mated that the home trade secured 53.000 bales,
the Continent 82,000 and America 6000. Nine
teen thousand bales were carried over. The
opening was active at an advance of from 5 to
7 per cent. Subsequently Merinos were in par
ticular request, especially medium and inferior
combining b- the home trade and the Continent.
Prices soon hardened 10 per cent and the ad
vance was maintained until the end. The feat
ure of the sales was the continual spirited Con
tinental demand for fine locks and pieces,
which were about the dearest in the market
throughout. American requirements were
lighter, the demand for well grown and medi
um greasy cross-breds causing a rise of 10 to
15 per cent above the December prices. During
the last day or two operations slackened, but
the eager competition was again evident to-day.
The finer qualities, in sympathy with Merinos,
were strongly supported. principally by the
home trade. Coarse and shabby, also scoured
slips Improved slightly early In the session,
but later there was a slackening in the de
j mand. Withdrawals were more frequent. Cape |
of Good Hope and Natal was In limited sup-;
ply. There was a good request ror these
grades and medium scoured, fleece washed, ad
vanced 7% and snow white greasies 5 per cent.
The number of bales offered to-day was 12,147.
' FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. I.— Consols, 1113-16; Silver,
27% d; wheat cargoes off coast, more inquiry,
3d to Cd lower; cargoes on passage, rather
easier, 3d to 6d lower; English country mar
kets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 1— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California, 6s 9d@6s St%d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— 3 9-32 d.
CLOSING. ' ". r ' s
LIVERPOOL. Feb. I— WHEAT— Spot dull;
No. 1 California, 63 9d@6s 9%d; No. 1 red north
ern spring, 6s Id.
Corn— Spot quiet; American mixed, new, 3s
9%d; American mixed, old, 3s 10'.4d.
CORN — Futures steady: February, 3s B%d;
March. 3s 7%d; May, 3s 7%d.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; March, 5s
lOVid; May, 5s- 9%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND,- Or.. Feb. Clearances, $290,
---973; balances, $99,437.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. , I.— WHEAT— DuII,
nothing doing. Walla Walla, sS@s9c; valley,
60@61c; blue stem, 62c.
CLEARED— Ship Wasdßle, with 102,946 bush
els wheat; bark Galgate, with 130,396 bushels
wheat, both for Queenstown.
WASHINGTON. _
TACOMA, Wash.. Feb. I.— WHEAT— CIub;
59c; blue stem, 62®63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling 1 Exchange, 60 day 5...".... — {4 84
I Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 M;t<,
■ Sterling Cables — ! 4 87
: New York Exchange, sight.-. — . 171^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — . 47jt,
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Jules Verne takes for Cork
48,939 c Us, valued at $59,400.
Quotations dropped again and the market was
very soft. ...
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 11>4®1 13%; milling i
I $1 1501 17'^. per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls May— 6ooo ctls
I $1 IC%; 10.000, *1 16%. ..■-•■
I Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 13%: 6000
$1 16V4; 6000, $1 16%; 10.000, $1 16H; 62,000, fl 16. "
Regular Morning Session— May— l2,ooo ctls
$1 16%; 6000. »1 16%. ; . '
Afternoon Session— May— ctls, i $1 i6>-4 •
3000. Jl 16%, 16.0C0. U 16%. . IT 3
f PARLEY— Futures opened lower, but ■ subse
quently advanced. The spot market was dull
and unchanged.
Weed, $1 27'/isil 30; Brewing,! nominal.
'— «< CALL BOARD SALES. -
Informal Session— o'clock— Seller '09 new
—2000 ctls. 87c. . ■■■■■ _■'■;. •
Second -Session— 2ooo ctls, $1 15; Seller
'99, new— ctls. 88c; 2000, : 88%c; 2000, $&%c'
-2000, SB%c. • ... .
Regular Morning Session— Seller, '99, new—
4000 ctls, 89% c.
• Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls
POttc; 2000. 89% c; 12,000, 90c. ■ . ---. '
OATS— There was a better demand yesterday
and prices ruled firm. ■ , .  -,
Fancy ■ Feed, $1 Ss@l 37>4 per" ctl; good to
choice. $1 SCKS^I 32V4; common, $1 2"Vi; Surprise
$1 42V4@1 60; Gray. $130(3136; Milling, $1 32^fc>
1 35 per ctl: Red, $1 55@1 65: Black. $1 60@l 75.
Offerings are still liberal and the
market in dull and unchanged. . . ■
Small round Yellow. $1 15; Eastern large Yel
low. $1 07V4@1 10; White. $1 10; mixed. $1 07U@
110 per ctl; California White $1 12&. - . '
RYE— Is lower at Jl 15@1 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—
FLOUR AND ; MILLSTTJFFS. *"
FLOUR — Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras •$3 $034. •■..;' . .- .r- .. ■■..
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are >as fol
lows, usual discount to the -trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 76
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Commeal, |2 60; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 20; Oat
Groats. $4 40; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4<§4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina.
$4 50; -Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 85@6 25; in sacks, $5 63<g>6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 23; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 pounds. ■ . .. , i ; -i- ; -i-%':?j-:
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The continued weakness, In Hay gives all
Feedstuffs an easier tendency. Several changes
will be observed.
BRAN— S2O 50@2l 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $22(524 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26 50@27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50;
Jobbing, $32© 32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal,
$23 50@24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$19 50(g20. . -.'***•-.
CALIFORNIA HAT — Wheat, $16@17 50 for
good. to choice and $14@15 for lower grades; no
fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat. $14@16; Oat,
$13 50014 60; Island Barley, $13@14: Alfalfa, $12
@13; Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 50@14 50; Cheat,
$12012 50; Alfalfa, ; Oat, $13@14; Clover.
$11 50@12; Timothy, $12(313 50 per ton. »
STRAW— 6O@TOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
: There are no further changes in anything.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 Ss@l 95; Small Whites, $2
02 15; Large Whites, $1 75<gl 85: Pinks. $2@
2" 10; Reds, $3 30@3 35; Blackeye, $3 75; Butters,
$2 2502 50; Ltmas, $3 20«f3 25; Pea, $2 35@2 50;
Red Kidneys, $2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 75@4; Flax, nominal; Canary
Seed. 2U<62?ic per IT>; Alfalfa, B@B>ic; Rape,
2'4'?f2%c; Hemp. 2V.(S3c; Timothy. 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 65@1 70; Green, $2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Bouldin Island Asparagus brought 40c and
Sacramento Asparagus 35c per It). Receipts
are confined to a few boxes. San Leandro
Rhubarb sold at 10@12%c per It). River Po
tatoes are still higher.' Onions continue weak.
POTATOES— $1 15<gl 25 per ctl for Early
Rose; 90c@$l per sack for River Burbanks;
Petaluma Burbanks. 80@D0c; Oregon, 75c®$l;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 75 for Merced; New Pota
toes, 1%02c per Ib.
ONIONS— 3S@6Oc per sack; Oregons, Go@9oc
per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. sc; String Beans,
lOfplac; Cabbage, 40(?f50c: Tomatoes, 7oc@sl 50
for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 12% c per tb; Gar
lic, 4i?i6c per lt>; Dried Okra. l*>c per tt>; Green
Peppers, SftlOc per Ib; Dried Peppers, 7®12%e;
Marrowfat Squash, $20@25 per ton; Carrots,
2SQS6C per sack; Mushrooms, 10@15c per It). .
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry and Game are both in good supply
at about the same quotations.
Another car of Eastern Poultry sold at $5 75@
6 50 for Hens, $6 sOffi7 for young Roosters, $5
for old Roosters, $5 50@6 for Fryers, $5 50 for
Ducks. $2 50 for Geese, and 12@12Uc per Ib for
Turkeys.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 12@15c; live
Turkeys, ll(S12c for Gobblers and 12@12}4c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50!gl 75; Ducks, $1 50
@5 50; Hens, $4©5; young Roosters, $5 ■50^)6;
old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $4 50@5; Broilers,
tV<ii 50 for large, $3(53 50 for small; Pigeons,
$I@l 25 per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 2501 50; Mallard, $2 50® 3;
Canvasback. $3@7; Sprig, $1 25@1 50; Teal. $1 50;
Widgeon. $I*3l 25; Small Duck. 75c@$l; English
Snipe, $2(?T2 50; Jack Snipe. $1 25; Gray Geese,
$2<fr2 50; White Geese, 75c(ff$l: Krant, 75c@$l 25;
Honkers, $3*83 50; Hare, 75c@$l; Rabbits, $150
for. Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter and Cheese stand the same. Eggs
continue to decline and stocks are accumulat
ing.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 24<g25c; - sec
onds, 22(g23c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 19@20c; common
grades. 14JilSc.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@18c; pickled roll,
17<31Sc for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub. nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16<ii?16%c per
n>: Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 11%®12c; old. 10
©lie; Cream Cheddar. 12@12%e; Young Amer
ica. 12*1 13 c; Eastern, 10(fxl2c. .
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 25fz26c per dozen; store
Eggs, 23<fr24e; Eastern, .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. ■
All descriptions remain . about as previously
quoted. The demand for Oranges is fair.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35@75c for common. $I@l 23 per box
for No. 1 and $1 EO@T7S for choice.
Pears— soc<Ssl per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@2 75
per box; Seedlings, $ISJI 50; Mandarins, $1 25
@I 50: Lemons. 75c<g$l 50 for common and $2i??3
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6 50<g7;
California Limes. 50cS$l per small box; Grape
Fruit, $I*i2; Bananas. $1 25@2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50' s, 4%
®4%c for 50-eO's, 3»,;@3He for 60-70's, 2H@2*;c for
70-S0 2»i@2%c for 80-90's, 2@2«4c for 90-100's
and isi@2c.for 100-11O'b; Sliver Prunes. ' 2%@
Be; Peaches, 6<S?7%c for good to choice, 7%<gßc
for fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10
i|l2%c for Royals and 13% c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7»4@7V4c; sun dried, 4@4%e;
Black Figs, sacks, 2@2&c; Plums, 4%@6c for
pitted and l@l%c for unpitted; Nectarines, 6®
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Bc for quarters
and B<&9c for hatves. • -
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4»4c for three
crown, 6%0 for four-crown, 5%<??6%c for Seed
less Sultanas, 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2»;@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per Ib: Walnuts. 7®Sc
for hardshell, 9®loc for softshell: Almonds,
7®Bc for hardshell. 13@14c for softshell, 15<$il6e
for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and
i\t-(sac for California: Cocoanuts, $4 504/5.
HONEY— 10@llc for bright and B<f9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6V-@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 5!??5%c
per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— 7%c per Ib for
heavy. 8c for light medium. 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12<512%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10«il0%c; Cali
fornia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $9 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef. $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $11; extra clear, $16; mess, $15;
Smoked Beef, lie per Ib. * '
LARD— quoted at 4*i<?i's : <ic per Ib for
compound and 7<??Bc for pure; hair barrels,
pure, B^c; 10-Ib tine, B%c; 5-lb tins, B\c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%@6%c: packages
lees than 300 lbs, 1-1 pails, 60 in a case. 9%c;
3-lb pails. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, SVic; 10-1 palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 In a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. BHc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7?4c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL. AND HOPS.
- HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, SWS^c; Cowhides.
BV4@9c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf. 10c;
dry Hides, sound. 15c; Culls and Brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf,
17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, • 10@30c each; short
Wool. 35<?f'60c each: medium. 70(g90c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 76(g>2 for
large and $1 for small: Colts, 25@50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 25@1 75 for large and $1 for
small. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3Vi@3Ho per Ib:
No. 2. 2%c; refined, 4%@5c; Grease, 2c.
■ WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months, 9c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months, B@9c; Foothill and Northern, free, 12
@14c: Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14®15c; Nevada, 9&
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10(§12c. -;.,.•;
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and' Mendocino 9(511
Northern Mountain B@lo
Southern '.......... 6^i 7%
Plains : 6© 8
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10@12c per Ib for ordinary,
12Mj©13c for good and 14@16c for choice to
fancy from first hands. ■ ■
GENERAL MERCHANDISE. :'■
Calcutta Grain Bags. 5»4c spot and
s>ic future; Wool Bags, 1 2Sc; San Quentin
Bags. $4 95. ■
. COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. i $8 50@9 in bulk and
$10@10 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In
bulk and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR- The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes; ! terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine 'dusked, 6?ic; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated. 594 c;: Con
fectioners" A. 5%c; California A. sVic; Magno
lia A. 5%c; Extra C, sVio: Golden C. 5«,4c; half
barrels, Vie • more than barrels, and boxes Vie
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent. > . :■; ■■' . -■■ ■. ■:»";>
Imports from the Hawaiian Islands in Janu
ary were 24.232,000 pounds, - against 19,467,232 in
January, IMS. ; ' ■-". •''••
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue, firm and scarce. Now and
then a fine lot sells up to sc. ' ....,,
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: • ■ ■ / • :. '-.■- ' • ■
BEEF— First quality, 7c; second quality, 6©
6Uc: third quality, 6®5%c. .. -
VEAL— Large, 7@Bc; small. 7@Bc per lb.>r -
MUTTON— E@BV4c; Ewes,- 7Vi<Bßc.
LAMB— B>/4<fr9c per Ib. - -
PORK— Hogs. *M®iMc for 1 large, * 4*i@
4T*c for medium and ; 2%fi*c for small; stock
Hogs, 3^@'3%c; dresred Hogs, . 6@7c. • ■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. . ; ,
.•;'.' For Wednesday, February 1.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 6,896 Wool, bales 14
Wheat, ct15'.....". 6,100 Pelts, bdls r. 6,292
Barley, ctls ...... 9,000 Hides, No. 634
Cheese,' ctls "....:.'■ 57 Eggs, > doz .■..;.., 9,510
Butter, ctls ...:.*.t: 103 Quicksilver, flki.' 139
Beans, ska ...... 2,017 Leather, rolls .... 77
Potatoes, sks — 2,395 Wine, gals ...... SI, BOO
Onions, sks ....... 290 Brandy, gals .... 2,960
Bran, cks ....*.... 330 1 Raisins, bxs .."..."•- 533
Middlings. sk» .. 150 Sugar, bags .... . 2,850
Hay, tons 563 Sugar, bbls 120
Straw, tons SOiLime, bbls 546
Hops, bales lolchicory. bblg .... 68
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks 226 Hay, tons 10
Onions, sks 90!
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1,200|
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 2.612 Oats, ctls 910
Wheat, ctls 780 Shorts, sks 3,334
Barley, ctls 1.5K1
THE STOCK MARKET.
The few changes in local securities were gen
erally In the direction of higher prices. Ha
waiian Commercial sold up to $66 75 and the
other sugar stocks were in good tone. Spring
Valley Water advanced to $101 25.
Mining stocks wer.? dull and not materially
changed.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
has declared a quarterly dividend of 5c per
share, payable February 13.
The sales on regular "call at the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange for the month of Janu
ary were 121.955 shares, against 157,360 in Janu
ary, 1898.
STOCK AND BOND EXCItNGE.
WEDNESDAY, Feb. 1.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bonds— cent L & P... 16 16>4
4s quar c0up..H2%113»i Eqult G L Co. 12V4 12*
4s quar reg... — — Mutual El Co. 12^ —
4s quar new...129 1 ,j — Oakland Gas.. 4S'/j SO
3s quar c0up..K»6?i107% Pac Gas Imp.. 84' M l -.
MLsu'ilanems- p a c LCo 48>/4 49%
Cal-st Cab 55..H4<4 — SF G & E.... 844 84^
Cal Elec 65.. ..125Vi127M! San Fran 3* —
CO Wat 55. ...106^4 — jstockton Gas.. HH —
l>up-st ex c... — — | Insurance—
h, 1, & P 65.... 130% — iFirem's Fund. 212&220
t &U Ry 85..114 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Anglo-Cal .... 66 —
HC & S 3Hs. — 105 Bank of Ca1.. 257'^ —
L A LCo 65.. 100 — Cal SD & T.. - 99
Do gntd 65. .101^102 First Natianl.2lß —
Market-st 65. ..126 — Lon P & A. ..133 —
Do Ist M 58..116-i116% Mor Exchange — 16
NCN G R 78.107 — Nev Nat 8k..175 —
N Ry Cal 65..113=i1H Savings Banke—
N Ry Cal 55..11^%113 Ger S & L...1640 1650
NPC R R 6s. 104 106 Hum S & L 1050 1160
NPC R R 58.101HW2 Mutual Saw. — 41%
N Cal R R ss. 95,4105 S F Say U.. 490 —
Oak Gas 5s 109*4 - S& L 50... — 100
Om Ry 6s 128Vi125%! .Security S B 300 350
P & Cl Ry 65. .104% — lUnlon X C 0..1375. .1375 1475
1* & O6s 10U — | Street Railroads—
Powell-Bt 65...120 122',» California ....110% —
Sac El Ry 55.. — — Geary 45 —
SF& N P ss. IIOHHO'i I Market-st 59 —
SF& S J Vfe.lllHUl* Oak S L & H. — —
SierraßCal 55.104%103% Presidio — 10%
SPof Ar 6b..lllVsHl%i Powder—
S P C65(1905-6)113%114V» California ....150 —
SPC 6s (1912)123 - ,E Dynamite... S7U —
SPCI! eg ss. 105 — Giant Con Co. 61% fi2Vi
S I' Br 6s 123 123* Vlgorit 2% 3"
S V Water 65.119U120 Miscellaneous—
S V Water 48.102% — Al Pac A55n..m6%107
B V W45(3dm).101%101% Ocr Ld Wk5...175 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 106 — Hana PI C 0... 19% 19*
Water Stocks— H C & S Co.. 1>6% 6l\'.\
Contra Costa.. 60 62 Hutch S P Co. 34 34»4
Marln Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. 10H41J2 Oceanic S Co. 73 74
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 1 1%
Capital Gas .. — — Pac C Bor Co.loo —
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 107 00
25 Equitable Gas 12 50
10 Equitable Gas IL' 75
150 Hana Plantation Co 19 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 19 62%
100 Hana F J lantation Co 19 75
50 Hana Plantation Co, s 30 19 75 ■
110 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 64 50
30 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 64J>2%
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 64"37%
10 Hawaiian •"ommercial & Sugar, c. 64 37%
2"> Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 64 23
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 64 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, c 64 23
sii Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 87%
25 Hutchinson S P Co, b 2...: 34 00
30 Market Street Railway 53 VJ%
40 Market Street Railway 59 00
50 Oceanic S S Co 72 50
26 Oceanic S S Co 72 75
25 Oceanic S S CO 73 00
fifl S F Oas A Electric Co 84 75
141 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 62%
$2000 S F & N P Ry bonds 110 12%
$3000 S P Branch Ry C per cent bds. cash. 123 00
$1000 S P of A bonds 11l 25
U Spring Valley Water, cash 101 12%
15 Spring Valley Water, cash 10100
Street—
173 Spring Valley Water 10123
Afternoon Session.
.-.-, Alaska Packers' Assn 107 00
i 110 Harm Plantation Co 19 87%
40 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 S7>4
50 Hutehlnson S P Co. b 15 34 00
460 Hutchlnson S I» Co 34 00
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Svgar — .. 65 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 65 37 l
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 65 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 60 00
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 66 50
26"i Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 66 75
25 Oceanic S S Co 73 JM
33 Equitable Gas 12 .5
50 Central Light & Power 16 00
5 Market Street Railway 59 25 ;
Street—
$7000 SPof C 6 per cent bonds (1912).... 123 23
$47 COO S V 6 per cent bonds 119 75
$10,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mort)..lol 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
• • Morning Session.
Board —
100 liana Plantation Co 10 50
100 Mutual Electric Co 12 75
$5000 S V Water 4 per cent bonds 103 50
30 Equitable Gaslight 12 25
M Equitable Gaslight 12 50
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 63 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Equitable Gaslight 12 50
$4000 S V Water 4 per cent bonds 103 bO
Street—
20 Spring Valley Water 1010©
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia ....... 22 1 200 Mexican 37
250 Con Cal & Va..l 60200 Potosl 17
cm Crown Point.... 13 ■ 100 Union Con 36
200 Gould & Curry. 271 ' '■"•-"
Afternoon Session. .
100 Andes 15 750 Ophir 62
500 Best & Belcher. 45 100 Potosl .. IS
COO Bullion 03 100 Savage 11
400 Con Cal & Va..l 65 100 Sierra Nevada.. I 89
300 Gould & Curry. 28 100 Sierra Nevada.. 90
1200 Hale & Norcrs 08 200 Standard 2 25
•00 Occidental 23 100 Utah 14
Following were the sales In the Pacific" Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1500 Alpha Con 04 1 750 Hale & Norcrs. 08
800 Alta 06 200 Justice  12
700 Best & Belcher. 44 500 Mexican ' 37%
1000 Bullion 03 200 Ophir 61
SCO Caledonia ....... 23 200 Overman 05
[00 Chollar 27 200 Sierra Nevada.. 84
600 Con Cal & Va..l 60 200 Sierra Nevada.. 86
300 Con Cal & Va.l 6214 500 Silver Hill 03
800 Con Imperial — 02 100 Union Con 37
800 Con Imperial.... 01 £00 Utah . 13
1000 Exchequer 031300 Utah 14
500 Gould & Curry. 281
Afternoon Session. ™
JOO Belcher ... 15 200 Mexican 38
400 Best & Belcher. 45 350 Mexican 39
200 Best & Belcher. 47 300 Ophir 62
f,OOO Bullion ......... 03 400 Ophir 63
•00 Chollar 27 200 Ophir 65
600 Con Cal & Va.l 67% 650 Potosi 18
400 Con Cal & Va..170 50 Potosl 20
200 Gould & Curry. 28 200 Sierra Nevada.. 90
200 Gould & Curry. 29 300 Union Con ..... 37
300 Hale & Norcrs. 09
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Feb. I—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con ..... 03 05 Julia — 04
Alta 05 06 Justice 10 12
Andes 14 15 Kentuck ... 08 10
Belcher 14 15 kady Wash — 05
Benton Con .... 07 — Mexican . .. 39 40
Best & Belcher. 47 4S Occidental ..... 23 —
Bullion ......... 02 03 Ophir 64 65
Caledonia ...... 22 24 Overman 05 06
Chollar i.".l 30 Potosi ;....■ 19 20
Challenge Con.. 13 15 Savage .. 11 12
Confidence ...... ; - — ■ 60 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va.l 65 170 Seg Belcher.... — 03
Con Imperial '.. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 9Q 91
Crown Point... 14 15 Sliver Hill — . 04
Con New York.'— 05. Syndicate — OS
Eureka Con .... — 40 Standard 22, —
Exchequer ..... — 03 Union Con •33 40
Gould & Curry 28 30 Utah 14 15
Hale & Norcrs 09 10 Yellow Jacket.. 14 15
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Gertrude M. Church to Rose A. Buckingham
(wife of A. E.). lot on north Unp of Jackson
street, 111 W of Devisadero, \V 26:6 by N 1W
$10.
John and Kate Barrett to Jacob I*. Mathis
lot on east line of Stevenson street, 232 N of
Ridley, N 28 by E 77:6; $10.
Mary T. and Margaret McGltnn, Fannie
Walsh, Rose and John E. Wegscheider to Mary
McGlinn. lot on west line of Guerrero Btreet 60
S of Seventeenth, S 25 by W 80; also lot on east
line of Guerrero street, 100:8 S of Seventeenth
S 25 by E 90; $10.
Mary E. and H. J. Trowbrldge to Mathllde
M. Reveyron (wife of J. B.), lot on west line
of Kanses street, 100 S of Solano, S 40 by W loo
slo.
Lucy A. Browne to Mary £). Mitchell, lot on
north line of B street, 67:6 E of Thirty-fourth
avenue, E 25 by N 100; gift.
Jacob Rothschild to Annie Diedrlchsen (wife
of F.). lot 17, block 28, Bunnyeide; $10.
M. S. Eisner to Jesse Klrby, lot 1, block E
Getz's Addition to Lakevfew; $10.
Alameda County.
Bernard J. McNally to John B. McNally lot
on E'Mlne of Klrkham street, 295 N of Four
teenth. N 25 by E 110. being lot 12, block 584
Oakland: flO.
Patrick Mack to Julia Mack, lot on SE line
of Fifth avenue, 35 8W of East Ninth street
NE 35, SE 140, SW 36. NW 140 to beginning
block 3. Clinton, East Oakland; gift.
OtiUa Slmonton to Laura' E. iilne. lot on E
line of Myrtle etreet. 262:9% N of Wort Fifth.
S 2S, E 100, N 28. W 100 to beginning, block
483. Oakland; gift.
Same to same, lot on E line of Twenty-flrst
street 125 E of West, E 25 ' by N 10), block R.
Curtis & Williams Tract. Oakland; gift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Eighth street,
27:6 E of Chester, E 62:6 by N 100, Oakland;
George F. and Etta M. Collyer to Jacob Coll
yer, lot on SE line of Twenty-first street, 000
W of Twenty-fourth avenue, W 30 by fc 100
block H subdivision 50, Associates Tract, Last
Oakland; JIOO.
Mary A. Grlsmore to John T. Grismore, un
divided third Interest In lot on S\\ line or
East Twenty-second btreet, 353:9^ feE of Twen
ty-third avenue, SE 50 by SW 150, block O,
same; $10. • ,
Lizzie de Verner to Mary T. C. E y lot on
N line of Edwards street, 630 E of lelegrapn
avenue, E 50 by N 125, being lot 14, Pacific
Theological Seminary Tract, Oakland; SlO.
Charles E. Taylor to J. Burnham Pegg, lot
on W line of Henry street, 138 N of A\ est fifth.
N 23 by W 125, block 496, Oakland; $10.
William C. McGregor to Frederick McGregor,
undivided sixth interest in lots 26 and 2., block
114, Oakland; also undivided sixth interest in
lots 14. 15 and 16 and W 25 feet of lots li and
IS, block 149; gift. , .
John E. and Jennie L. Morris to F. A. Losh
lot on NW line of Twelfth avenue, 100 NB of
East Twenty-fourth street, NE 25, NW 100. Nh,
25, NW 25, NE 150. NW 25. SW 200, SE 150 to
beginning, block 150, Clinton, East Oakland;
$200.
A. R. Dow and L. W. Forsting to Naretta
A. Carter, lot on SE line of Twenty-third ave
nue. 250 NE of East Fifteenth street. SE 150.
NE 61.68, NW 150.39. SW 50.50 to beginning,
being a portion of Cannon Tract, East Oak
land (quitclaim deed); $10.
Ruth B. Pugh to Frances M. Pugh, lot on
SE line of Tenth avenue. 50 SW of East Twen
ty-second street, SW 50 by SE 100, being lots
9 and 10. block 1318, Brennan estate property,
East Oakland; $10. _
Mar> - and O. W. Elfen to William B. Bar
num, lot on NW line of Locksley avenue. luO
NE of Summer street, NE 37:6 by NW 100, be
ing the SW 37:6 feet lot 23. Locksley Square,
subject to a mortgage for $500, Oakland Annex;
Lavlnla P Wyant to Mary B. Baker, lot on
E corner of East Fifteenth street and Fon
tainebleau avenue. SE 109:9 by NE \M block
4, Fontainebleau Tract. East Oakland; $1400.
E. R. and Jeannette Thomason to \\ il'larn
Ede. lot on E -line of Sacramento street, 23.. 40
S of Addison, S 253.12 by E 129.2;; being lots
10, 11, 14 and 15, block 2, Spaulding Tract,
F*. de^F. and Catherlna A. Baldes to Mariana
L. Plmentel. lot on S line of Addison street,
100 W of Fifth, W 100, E 50, S 100, W oO to be
ginning, being lot 11, block 94, Tract B. Berke
ley Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; $10. „ ...
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Peter A. Dmitri,
lot 1, block M, map of Andrew Jones Subdi
vision, Brooklyn Township; $10. _ . , t
Charles F. Fischer to Agnes L. Fischer, lot
beginning at NE corner of lot 6. block 4. Ala
meda Park Homestead and Park street, fa 4h:ll.
E 145. N 48:11, W 144:11 to beginning, being a
portion of lot 6. block 4, Alameda Park Home
stead. Alameda; gift. «,«.«.
F. C. and Selma T. Harvey to I. V. Ralph,
undivided half interest in lots 4, 6, 8 and 9,
block 82, town of Alvarado, Washington Town
ship: $2250.
Spring Valley Water Works to W. F. Goad,
right of way for a road 30 feet In width from
a point on the county road, Nlles to Sunol.
where same crosses Alameda Creek, thence E
to lands of second party a distance of 13 chains
to point of beginning, Washington Township;
$5.
Mary A. Wells to Joseph Davis, lot on SE
corner of Bancroft way and Tremont street,
E 34.14. S 130. W 4T89. N 130.39 to beginning,
being lot 25, block 1, Barker Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
R. O. and Mary Gray to V. R. Parker, lots 22
to 33, 58 to 6S, 83 to 93. on map of resubdivlded
lots 1 to 11 of Baker subdivision, lot 1, Yoa
kum Tract, subject to mortgage for $3000,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
D. U. and Nettle M. Stanage to R. O. Gray,
lot on N line of Enctnal avenue, 200 W of
Walnut street, W 50 by N 140, being lot 5, ex
cept the S 10 feet taken for widening Encinal
avenue, being portion block E, lands adjacent
to Encinal. Alameda; $10.
Louisa Barling to Julius Salzberger, lot on S
line of Bristol avenue, 200 E of Hamilton street,
E 100 by S 125. being lots 32 and 33 in range 7.
Hardy Tract, Berkeley (subject to a mortgage
for $350); $10.
Timothy Paige. Louis F. and Lydia Mont
eagle to Joseph Finley, lots 3, 4 and 5. block B,
Melrose Station Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Richard B. Carpenter, executor of the estate
of Cornelius A. Hoyt (by commissioner), to
William P. Jones, lot on E line of Park ave
nue. 257:4 S of San Jose. S 37:6 by E 128.
being the S 25 feet of lot C In block 50 and the
N 12:6 of lot D. block 50, Alameda Park Home
stead, Alameda; $2281.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
February. 1899.
Su.j
"
i 5
12
19
Tu. We
1
77
11 15
21 ! 22
I $8 !
2
I)
Fr. Sa
3 4
10 11
17 18 j
Moon's Phases
rfo-Laat Quarter.
hS. February 3.
0
IT!
20
27
18
I 25
I /Cv New Moon.
\KsJ February 10.
j -m First Quarter.
■9 February 17.
©Full Moon.
February 25. ,
23
_
2J
m
SUN. MOON AN DTIDE.
United States Coast and Geodeltc Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2.
Sun rises 7:13
Sun sets 5:35
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
2 ...
5 ...
4 ...
6 ...
3:
4:
Ft.
I
—I
10:30
11:36
12:40
1:40
H W
7:12
[ 8:14
[ 9:14
W
Ft.
O.i
4:1
6::
7:1
99
Time
Ft.
L W
3.7 9:42
3.6 10:40
3.7 11:45
4.0
H W
—0.6 9:50
—0.9 10:31
—1.0 11:11
Ft.
i
2.3
2.8
3.0
6 ...
7 ...
8 ...
0:591
2:02
3:01
! 2:35—0.
I 3:26—0.
| '4:ll— L
4.4
4.7
5.0
I 6.41
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except whm there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February 1. 189?.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
lieutenant, U. B. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Blue.
Samoa..: [Humboldt Feb. 2
Alliance. [Portland [Feb! 2
Point Arena — Point Arena [Feb! 2
Washtenaw..... Tacoma Feb. 2
Orizaba Newport Feb. 3
Coptic [China and Japan Feb! 3
Aztec — IChlna and Japan . Feb. 3
A. Blanchard.. Coos Bay [Feb. 3
Signal.. IWillapa Harbor Feb. 3
Willamette..... [Seattle Feb. 4
Pr0gre50.. ;....; [Seattle Feb' 4
Geo. W. Elder.. l Portland [Feb! 4
Chllkat ..[Humboldt Feb. 4
Empire.... Coos Bay... .Feb. 4
Wyefleld [Nanalmo Feb. 4
Wee0tt... ....... iYaqulna 8ay..... Feb. 6
Santa R05a..... (San Diego ' Feb. 5
Areata.... Coos 8ay......... Feb. 5
Leelanaw [Seattle [Feb. 5
Pomona [Humboldt ...;... Feb. 6
Curacao. Coos Bay Feb. 6
Walla Walla.... lVlctoria & Puget Sound Feb. 6
Crescent .[Crescent City...... Feb. 6
Tttanla iNanalmo .: Feb. 6
Mackinaw 'Tacoma Feb. 7
Bristol ...... Departure Bay Feb. 7
National City.. Grays Harbor Feb.. 7
Coos Bay [Newport Feb. 7
Costa Rica Panama ; Feb. 8
San Jose..'. [Panama Feb. 8
Mcana...... [Sydney Feb. 8
Columbia [Port In nd Feb. 9
North. Fork — [Humboldt [Feb! 9
Corona : — 'San Diego Feb. 9
Cleveland .... [Puget Sound Feb. 9
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
■ Steamer. . | Destination. | Sails. | pier.
Columbia .. Portland..:..: Feb. 2. 10 am Pier 24
City of Rio China & Japan Feb. 2, 1 pm PMSS
Corona — San Diego Feb. 3, 11 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 3. 2 pm Pier 9
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. Feb. 4, 10 am' Pier 20
Pt. Arena. .[Point Arena.. Feb. 4, 3 pm Pier 2
C. Nelson.. [Puget Sound.. Feb. 4, 10 am Pier 2
A. Blanch' d Coos 8ay....:. Feb. 4, spm Pier 13
Chllkat .... Humboldt..... Feb. 6, 9 ami Pier 13
Queen j Vie & Pgt 3d. Feb. 6, 10 am Pier »
Orizaba ..». Newport Feb. 6, .9. am Pier 11
Weeott — Taqulna Bay. Feb. 7, 6 pm Pier 13
Santa - Rosa San Diego..... Feb. 7, 11 am Pier 11
Areata ..... Coos 8ay...... Feb. 7, 10 am Pier 13
State of Cal Portland : Feb. 7, 10 am Pier 24
Peru ... ChinaA Japan Feb.. 8, 1 PMSS
Australia ..Honolulu 'Feb. 8, 10 am Pier 7
Coos Bay... Newport....... [Feb. 9, 9am Pier 11
a...... ■
;..;.... I
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States HydrograDhtc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange • »
maintained In San Franolsco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality «nii
free of expense. v
Navlcators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete nets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
°'The tTme ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was <lroppp<l
on time or giving the error, if any. Is publ.s.i^d
in the morning papers the f«How Ins day
W . H. HLUnr.^,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In r)mrK-\
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. February 1.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen, 56 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports.
U S atmr Celtic. Patoh, 112 days from New
York, via Callao 20 days.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 24 hours from Eu-
Stmr Corona, Debney, 64*4 hours from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Sunol. Jacobs. 54 hours from San
Bark Mohican, Saunders, 20 days from Hono
lulu.
Bark Lrf-vl G Burgess, Youngren, 7 days from
Tacoma.
Bark Topgallant. Lunvaidt. 13 days from Port
Blakeley, via Clallam Bay 9 days.
9 Schr La Chilena, Matsen, 9 hours from Fort
Ross.
Schr Webfoot, Donnelly, 8 days from Grays
Harbor.
Sohr Newark, Beck, 15 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLKARED.
Wednesday, February l.
Bktn City of Papeete, Lunn, Tahiti: J Pinet
& Co.
Br ship Miltonburn, Henry, Queenetown;
Epplnger & Co.
~ SAILED.
™ Wednesday. February 1.
Stmr Excelsior, Downing, Seattle.
Stmr Albion. Erickson.
Stmr Mineola, David, Tacoma.
Stmr Senator, Patterson, Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Elihu Thomson, Smith, Portland.
Stmr Ohio, Boggs, Manila, via Honolulu.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, Astoria.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Whal bark John and Winthrop, Macomber,
whallne.
Bark F S Thompson, Murk. Portland.
Bktn City of Papeete. Lunn, Tahiti.
Schr Maxim. Olsen, Cacpar.
Schr Gotama, Johannissen, Ox>s Bay.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Coqullle
River.
Schr Ivy, Samuelson, Coos Bay.
Schr Transit, Jnrgensen_ Honolulu.
Schr Rio Rey, Skipper, Irersens Landing, and
not on Jan 31.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
CHARTERS.
The City of New York loads merchandise for
Australia, lump sum. The Iranian loads
wheat at Tacoma for Europe. 30s; Westgate,
wheat at Seattle for South Africa.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 1. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW ; velocity 20 miles.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 1-Stmr St Paul, fnp
Southampton; stmr Southwark, for Antwerp;
stmr Britannic, for Liverpool.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Feb 1— Stmr Italia
from Antwerp.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived Feb I— Stmr Geo Loo«
mis. hence Jan 31.
Sailed Feb I— Stmr Geo Loomiß, for San Fran-
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb I— Ship Yo
semite. from Port Blakeley.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Feb I— Stmr South
Coast, from Redondo ; sailed for .
MENDOCINO — Sailed Feb I— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Feb I— Stmr Signal,
for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb I— U S stmr Phila
delphia, for Samoa; Br ship Clan Galbraith,
for .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb I— Schr Marion,
from Everett; stmr South Coast, from New
port (S).
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb I— Haw
stmr San Mateo, from Comox; ship Dashing
Dave, from Tacoma; stmr Alcatraz, from .
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb I— Stmr Empire,
her.ee Jan 29.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Jan 20— Haw bark Nau
ana, for New York, via Kahului. Jan 21— Ship
Tacoma. for Manila.
i KAHULUl— Arrived Jan 11— Brig Lurlln»,
hence Dec 2S.
Sailed Jan 11 — Bark Hesper, for Puget Sound.
To sail about Jan 27 — Brig Lurline, for San
Francisco: bktn Wrestler, for San Francisco.
HlLO— Arrived Jan 12— Haw bark Santiago,
hence Dec 20.
HANA. H I— Arrived Jan 19— Schr Mary
Dodge, hence Dec 30.
<;u A YMAS— Arrived Jan 31— Schr Dauntless,
from Grays Harbor.
OCEAN TRAVEL.' t\ >\ h
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Bg^ Steamers leave Broadway
¥JEa]i JL-. wharf, San Francisco:
S™^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
j tipJssr§?SJi Feb. 5, 10. 15. £0 - 25; Mar. 2;
: RiSk ES<s\§£^l change at Seattle.
! ■MQsH^Bl Fur Victoria. Vancouver, (B.
ISsT^BSBsK C.). Port Townsend, Seattle,
i^^^^S Hb Tacoma,' Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m., Feb. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25;
Mar 2. and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P.
Rv ■ at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Feb. 3.
8, 13. 18. 23, 28; Mar. 5, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford, (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m. Feb. 1. 5, 9, 13. 17. 21. 25;
Mar 1 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Rendondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m., Feb. 3. 7. 11, 16, 19. 23, 27; Mar. 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Feb. 9, Mar. 9.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to .change
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE — 1 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). .
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI 2 First Class Including Berths
In ilk $8 Second Class and .Meals.
Columbia sails Jen. 3. 13. 23, Feb. 1.
State of California sails Jan. 8, is. 28. Fab. ?
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
# E. C. WARD. General Agent.
6SO Market street.'
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent*.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVES WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m. tar
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki acd Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday Jan M
AMERICA MARU .Tuesday Feb' M
HONGKONG MARU Friday, March IT
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate. For
freight and passage apply at ofnc*.
«ll Market street, corner Flnt
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PART"?
(FRANCE). Sailing every faT£day -T^fYT*
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42 " 11. StiK C
?H VC A/ of Morton street. »*"«>
LA CHAMPAGNE aX «
LA BRETAGN*. .... £ eb - JJ
LA TOURAINE . £«£• l S
LA NORM ANDIE V, Feb 2 »
LA CHAMP. ONE ....;■■■"•• « arch *
ANB^^A^KwI^.Hr^STATES
J. F FUGAZI ico* 11 -** ?J ce £- New York -
Montgome^lvl^W^^^t Agents. 5
PREafllil9 f. a . lls S. for Honolulu
IVffftH|% Rails for Honolulu
L■■ Wednesday. February
QW^rnchirvi The S. S. Moana
QHC4liljll!U c; sallß v la Honolulu and
/Rrnonnit Auckland for Sydney"
iSlliPUlwp Wednesday. Feb. M.
TOW^Sou^ A o^^'^^^ aOd CAPH
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
'«• i «/2 ~.~J '■ 11* Montgomery street.
Off.ce-227 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY Ayp^RiVEß STKAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
-Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon.. Tvea.. Wed.. Thur*. and Sat., at 9:46 a.
m 3:16. SBO P. m. (ex. Thuri - night); Friday*
1 P. in. aad 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m.. 8 p. m.
frwT^iSSn lon - rt - Dock - pier n °-
FARE J ..........800WANTS TO SEE HIS MOTHER.
Irving Feldstrick, a Homesick Bou, Looking for
a Passage Back to Austria,
IRVING FELDSTRICK is a very homesick boy, and he would even face
the mighty magnate of the South. r:i Pacific to plead with him to give
him free passage home to Austria to rejoin his mother. He is a bright,
intelligent little fellow. 14 years of age. and aroused the keenest sympa
thy as he told his story to Acting Police Judge Barry yesterday after
noon. He came to this city from Galicia, Austria, about a year ago with
his aunt. Mr:-. Cantor, a milliner at 9:19 Market street, and got employment
in the White House. He lived with his aunt for three or four months and
then wont to live with the mother of another boy who was also employed
in the White House. Recently he was seized with a fit of homesickness,
and as he had no money he decided to give up his job last Thursday and
try hi? luck at getting the position of cabin boy on a vessel going to Aus
tria. He haunted the docks for two days, and some one told him to see
Mr. Huntingdon. His efforts in that direction were not encouraging, and he
was taken in hand by a benevolent society. He was finally taken to the
City Prison and charged with vagrancy. The intention was to send him
to the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society and the case was assigned to Acting
Police Judge Barry's court.
His aunt. Mrs. Cantor, was in court and said the boy would not work,
hut this he indignantly denied. He bad worked steadily until last Thurs
day. and he owed $1 25 for board, which worried him. as he was unable to
pay it. "I want to go home to my mother," he said, "and would go in a
l.oat «>r in anything if 1 could only see her again. People have been
kind to me here, but this is not home. If I could only see Mr. Hunting
ton I am sure I could get him to give me free passage."
Dr. Rlley of Alameda happened to be in court and he offered to provide
a home for the boy and give him employment in running errands. Irving
wanted to get to Austria, but after considerable dickering he promised to
go with the doctor and to give him six days' notice when he intended to
leave. He would save up all his money to buy a ticket to take him back
to his mother.
A SOLDIER SHOT
BY A TRUMPETER
ON THE SENATOR
The Affair Shrouded
in Mystery.
SHOOTER IS UNDER ARREST
BOTH SAY IT WAS AN ACCI
DENT.
General Belief That It Was the Re
sult of a Quarrel and an At
tempt at Deliberate
Murder.
Corporal Pyr« of Company B, Twenty-
Second Infantry, bound for Manlia on
GRAPE-NUTS.
tfrfrtM? ffc 4? !j? ft ?fr *bifr%
I GOOD LIVERS |
I Like |
I GrapeNutsf
j£ Hot or Coldo |[
Jt\ Found at Grocers. /A
*%isiisitfi ifc 4& i$ i$ tfitfiifyg
WHAT THEY ARE.
Composition of the Famous New
Food.
A wide spread interest has been cre-
ated among good livers, as to the com-
position of Grape-Nuts, the new food
that has come into popular use of late.
It has long been known to physicians,
chemists and food experts, that the
starchy portion of entire wheat flour
and barley is transformed into a true
and very choice sugar, by the act of
• Intestinal digestion in the human
body. This sugar is identical with,
and is known as grape-sugar, and it. is
in condition for immediate transfor-
mation into blood and the necessary
■structure from which the delicate,
nerve centers are built up.
A food expert of the Postum Cereal
Co., Llm.. Battle Creek, Mich'., followed
a line of experiments until he pro-
duced the food called Grape-Nuts, of
which grape-sugar forms the principal
part, and it is produced by following
out Nature's processes, in a mechani-
cal way.
The new food-has a charming flavor
find can be served instantly either cold
with cream, or, by pouring hot milk or
cream over It, one has a hot mush at
once. - :. • ~ " :
hoard the transport Senator, was taken
ashore yesterday morning- with a bullet
wound in his right breast. The officers
in charge of the troops at once attempted
ock every avenue of information con
cerning the shooting, and were so far suc
cessful as to keep many of the true de
tails of the affair in the shade. Pyre
gives a statement which he avers Is cor
rect, but which is seriously doubted. He
claims that his wound is the result of an
accident, but it is the general belief that
he was shot deliberately and that he is
now endeavoring to shield his would-be
slayer.
Just before the sailing of the transports
three shots are reported to have been
heard by those on the dock and on the
deck of the vessel. They came from be
low, and soon Trumpeter Lovegron, who
did the shooting, was arrested by the
military authorities and the wounded
nwn was taken ashore. None of those
who were present with the principals
would reveal anything, and it appears as
if their ears and eyes must have been
closed. Lovegren simply said it was an
accident and omitted details, and Pyre,
when he was able to talk, made this
statement:
"I was lying on a bunk in the hold of
the vessel and a number of other boys
were lounging about in the same fashion,
l.ovegren had a 44-callber pistol in his
hand and was fooling w.ith it. Sergeant
Wynne told him to put it up, but he re
plied that it was not loaded. To prove
this he pulled the trigger three times.
The first two times it snapped, and after
the third there was a report and I felt
a bullet enter my body. That Is arl I
know about it. It was purely accidental."
The bullet entered under the right nip
ple, ranged downward and was taken out
by physicians at the Presidio Hospital
about un inch from the interior superior
splnous process. The wound is not con
sidered dangerous unless blood poisoning
should result. I,ovegren will be tried by
the military authorities at Manila.
It is a matter of general belief that both
men had been drinklne Tuesday night
and that this affair is but a finale of their
ppree. Some think that the corporal gave
an order whfch was not obeyed and that
a sniffle Immediately ensued, in which
three shots were fir<:d, only one taking
effect.
Pyre is about 27 years of age. and is a
resident of Salisbury. N. C. He enlisted
in the army in the Stato of Tennessee, and
has been all through the Cuban campaign.
He ha? a goou record, and engnged in the
battles of San Juan and Santiago.
THE TRANSPORTS SAIL.
Some Tardy Soldiers Create
a Little Fun at the
Wharf.
The transports Senator and Ohio sailed
for Manila yesterday. There was a llvely
scene immediately after the vessels had
left the wharf, caused by about ten sol
diers, who had transportation, but who
found Utempelve* Still on land. Tuesday
night the regiment which sailed was paid
off. The temptation to patronize the
water frcnt dives and celebrate their de
parture became strong for some of them,
and there was a general stampede over
the vessels' sides. The men proceeded
to lay the foundation for a glorious? spree,
and many of them failed to return at the
hour set for departure. They put in an
appearance later, however, and sighted
the transports out in the stream. With
war whoops and wild gesticulation they
attracted the uttention of those on board
and \Vhltehall boats were lowered to
gather them in. Most of these had not
vet recovered from the effects of their
interior moistening and were dragged on
deck by means of ropes, after a manner
by which the anchor is handled.
Some were left entirely, and two of
them, who were afraid to show up at the
Presidio and who were "hrokr\" request
ed Sergeant Tom Mahoney at the ferry to
take charge of them. He refused to do
so. and they succeeded In securing a per
mit to yint the City Prison by smashing
windows on East street. They were ar
rested by Officer Mackey. Another one
says he had no intention of going with
the ship and thinks San Francisco a good
location for the present.
A singular coincidence in the vote
against Congressman Kirkpatrick in Pike
County. Pennsylvania, is noted by a local
newspaper. The majority against him was
always the same, c(2l. In each year's elec
tion of 1894, 1896 and 1898. '
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 189**.
LUNA SHED HER
GOLDEN BEAMS
ON HIS PAJAMAS
Incident in the First
Fennell Suit.
SECOND READY FOR TRIAL
ANSWER WAS NOT MADE, SO
DEFAULT WAS ENTERED.
Mrs. Fiske-Marceau-Fennell Will
Soon Be Free From the Man
Who Pursued Her When
She Fled.
The default has been entered in the ac- i
tion of Mrs. Amanda J. Fennell for a di- i
I voice from her husband, Gerald M. Fen
i nell. To-day a commissioner will be ap- j
! pointed to examine the witnesses In the
case and a few brief weeks will see petite i
but fascinating Mrs. Fiske-Marcoau-Fen- j
I nell free to bare her heart again to Cv-
I pid's shafts. When the final decree of
; court is entered Mrs. Fennell will have
: cast off the bonds that have long held j
' her to a man she never loved although I
' she cast aside happiness to become his I
; wife, it was her self will that led her to
this obnoxious union, but a few brief
weeks of discontent cleared her mind, i
and then her efforts to undo what she
i had done are worthy of description from
j the pen of De Rostand for the dramatic
and Twain for the humorous.
It was not so long ago when the couple
I entered a little church in New York City
i and were wedded. Then they came to
| the West, and a month after the cere-
I mony found them in San Francisco, lo
cated In the Palace Hotel. One evening
Fennell returned to his rooms and silence >
i greeted him. His wife had flown, where :
;he did not know. While a multitude |
and the anxious husband searched '
I through the night the little wife was en- ■
j Joying herself, sipping her black coffee. !
j and musing all alone In a superb suite of i
: rooms in the second Moor of the Cliff i
I House. Fennell finally located her and !
. from out of the night were heard the !
i sounds of horses" feet and a rumbling '
cab hurrying toward the beach. Fenneil
; arrived at the Cliff House, but his sten- !
torian inquiries as to his wife's where- !
. abouts reached her ears, and, gathering
up her effects, she fled from a side, door.
i She found a carriage, and when her hus- :
! band opened the aoors of the room she j
■ occupied and found that she had gone I
he was overcome. Down the park road I
sped Mrs. Fennell's carriage, and in an 1
hour she was again in her rooms in the ]
• Palace, the doors barred against her hus- ,
band. At the gray of morn Fennell re- ;
. turned, tie asked for admittance, but it :
was denied him. Then he pleaded with
tearful voice and was admitted.
Not many days later Fennell contem
f plated a trip to the southern part of the ;
. State. He wanted to make money in the >■
I insurance business, he said, and asked !
' his wife to accompany him. "If you will j
take your harp and diamonds," he Mid,
"you can entertain those seeking lnsur- j
ance on uncertain life and fire, and while ,
■ you entertain I will reap." The offer
was declined by Mrs. Fennell, and the '*
reason, she afterward explained, was that |
she was fearful that the business ven
-1 ture would prove a failure and necessitate ;
| her "soaking" her entertaining harp and
■ dazzling diamonds to sustain them on
; their journey home.
So the dream of Fennell was shattered,
as were his nerves when a short time ;
later Mrs. Fennell again disappeared and i
a summons in a divorce suit told him that I
1 she was in Fresno and had sought the j
protection of the kindly court. Fennell j
hurried thither and tried to stop proceed
ings. He did not succeeci. The couple
j occupied separate rooms in the Hotel
Hughes, and one moonlight night the ;
: golaen btams fell on the manly torm of
: Fennell, clad in pajamas, coming over the i
window sill of his wife's room. She
awakened with a start and with throat- i
ening whispers ordered her spouse from |
.her presence. "Climb out of the win- i
flow," she said; "get out the way you .
came in." Fennell pleaded. He wanted
: to go, If he must, out through the door; j
'it went against his dignity to dim |
i around in the moonlight in his pajamas, i
1 but as he arrived thusly, thusly must ue
i go. So he went.
Afterward they were seen driving to- j
gether, and when the case was fallen for ;
' hearing a decree was denied Mrs. Fennell
on the ground of collusion. She was not j
disconcerted, however, and the end oi a
few months saw Fennell desert the city
, and his wife. He went to London, but is
i now in Butte City, Montana, it is said, j
He has made no answer to his wife's com- j
plaint, so she will get her decree. In the
meantime Mrs. Fennell sits in her Fresno
' home and laughs merrily when she thinks ■
• of the Cliff Ho«s» the moon and pajamas, j
THE LIE GIVEN IN
THE SUMMERS CASE
LITIGANT AND LAWYEE PASS
BITTER REMARKS.
Court Frequenters Expect to See a
Battle, Not of Words but of
Fists, Before the Trial
Ends.
The exchange of sarcastic compliments
that have been tossed back and forth by
Calvin F. Summers and Attorney Joseph
Campbell, who is contesting Summers'
claim to $14,000 on deposit with the Cali
fornia Savings and Loan Society, greatly
to the amusement of the jury, went out
side the usual lines yesterday and Sum
mers accused Campbell of lying and told
the lawyer that he knew he was lying.
The gathering of testimony bearing on
the reputation of Mr. Summers was the
cause of the accusation. George \V. Whit
ney had testified that so far as he knew
the reputation In question was. good, but
on being asked whether he hart ever
heard Summers' reputation discussed he
stated that he had not.
"Did you ever hear that Summers had
been discharged from his position under
Sidney V. Smith for the offense of open
ing his employer's letters?" asked Camp-
e ßcfore the witness could answer Sum
mers leaned over and said in an audible
tone, "Mr. Campbell, you are lying, and
Campbell turned, but before he could
frame an answer Judge Troutt began to
score Summers for his conduct and said
that if the remark were made for the
DurDose of intimidating counsel or get
ting his views before the jury punishment
should follow.
"I did not mean my remark for the ears
of court or jury," said Summers. "I di
rected it solely to Mr Campbell."
Judge Troutt said he would defer action
in the mattor until another time, which
had the effect of subduing Summers.
Monday Summers went wild, accused
Campbell of leering at him, smiling at
him and making faces at him. He de
manded the protection of the court and
Campbell said. "Your Honor, I have too
much contempt for Summers to smile at
"Not more contempt than I have for
your methods," said Summers, and the
court Interfered. ...
These little disturbances have charac
terized the trial from tl*e outset and the
court frequenters are anticipating a bat
tle royal before the case is finally sub
mitted.
Stallard Is Very Lucky.
W. H. Stallard. who shot and seriously
wounded hie wife in a downtown saloon,
and who has been on trial on a charge of
assault to murder, was convicted of sim
ple assault yesterday.' Judge Dunne ex
pressed surprise at the verdict, but as he
could not determine the case In any other
way. he gave the prisoner the full extent
of the law— three months in the County
Jail
DE YOUNG DOES NOT
WANT A COMMISSION
THE Bulletin of yesterday, with its usual accuracy, contained an article,
presumably written in Sacramento, the presumption being based on the
fact that the article bore a Sacramento date line, alleging that M. H.
de Young has requested that he be appointed commissioner to repre
sent California's interests at the Paris Exposition, or as the Bulletin
puts it "to go to the Paris Exposition with a State exhibit." The Bulletin
avers thai Mr. de Young has not only demanded of Governor Gage that he
be appointed a member of the commission, but "thinks it Is his due that he
shall be permitted to name the other two commissioners." In the article it
is also said that it has been said that "General de Young's choice of com
missioners would be De Young, J. A. Filcher and L. H. Valentine of Los An
geles.
As to the article, and to all statements made in the article, Mr. de Young
has an answer. He brands it as false in every particular, and holds that
It was printed with the knowledge that it was false. "At the present time,"
said Mr. de Young last evening, "I have no desire to be appointed commis
sioner to represent California at the Paris Exposition. I have not asked for
such an appointment, neither have I thought of asking for such an appoint
ment. I have not suggested that any one be appointed on that commission
and have not thought of requesting the appointment of any one on that
commission. The commission has received but little of my thought and will
receive but little of my thought. The article in the Bulletin Is not based on
truth; in fact, It is grossly false."
DR. ALLISON LAVISH
WITH HIS GIFTS
| TEXAS MEDICO SUCCUMBED TO
HIS NAMESAKE'S WILES.
; The Date for His Wedding With the
Willing Widow Had Been
Set.
Dr. Andrew Alexander Allison, for
} twenty-five years a practicing physician
in the staid town of Temple, Tex., parted
with over $2000 after he made the ac
; (juaintance of Mrs. Grace Allison, whom
I he met through the good — or bad — offices
■of Bain's matrimonial agency. When the
I physician stalked into the District Court
room, grave, dignified and ministerial,
yesterday, it sent a thrill of surprise
through the defendants, for little did they
think that the Government would bring
him all the way from the Lone Star State
to testify against them Dr. Allison would
be the last man in the world whom the
casual observer would take for a man
j who had been fleeced by the questionable
; methods of marriage fakers. He is ap
! parently intelligent, but when he acknowl
' edged parting with the trinkets belonging
j to his dead wife and mother for a female
: - trickster he lost the sympathy of the au
| ditors, and it looked as if he entered the
scheme in the hope of getting a share of
the $35,000 which the Allison person repre
j seated herself as being worth.
He told the old story of the personal,
' his letter in reply and the receipt of the
; circulars, the parting with the prelimin
ary $5 as a registration fee and of the
j correspondence with the fair widow; how
I he finally came to this city on March 30
I last at her request, and in keeping with
I liis own feelings in the matter, for be it
! known that the doctor was serious in his
! intentions of marrying her.
He began his courtship the day after
! his arrival, and became formally en
-1 gaged to the enslaver of his love on April
, 5, the date of the wedding being set for
September 7. Then the wooer, who should
bave known better, commenced to unload,
| and be fairly deluged his namesake with
! presents. The list comprised a diamond
j cluster ring, cost $425: gold watch, $100:
! diamond brooch. $SSK; earrings, breast pin
I and locket. $165. the joint property of his
• first wife and his mother, and a variety of
other article's. He returned home on April
13. and the wily Grace was not chary ahout
i asking htm for gifts in her letters, as in-
I stanced by her request for a revolver,
1 which he sent her. She had a decided
BUCKLEY PRESCRIBED
A RIGHT-ARM SWING
THE action instituted by Dr. C. F. Buckley against Capitalist James V.
Cnleman to recover $11,600 for medical services rendered is progressing
merrily before Judge Hunt. It developed yesterday that in addition to
being a physician Dr. Buckley is also a scrapper.
Cnloman was grievously ill for some months, and the attack af
fected his mind. On one occasion. Dr. Buckley testified yesterday, when he
went to visit his patient at Sausalito Coleman was out of bed. The sick
man had evidently been reading of some famous prize-fight, for on the
arrival of the physician Coleman immediately suggested that they put on
the gloves that the physician might learn how the mystic solar plexus blow
was delivered. Dr. Buckley is well along in years, but still in vigorous
health.
After exacting a promise from Coleman that he would not hurt him. Dr.
Buckley put on the gloves. Coleman made a lunge and jammed the wind
out of the doctor.
"My blood raced through my veins," said Dr. Buckley, "and when I re
covered I landed on Coleman's nose and the blood spurted."
"And that is how you made your $11,600 fee. Is it?" put in W. W. Foote.
who represents Coleman. Dr. Buckley made no answer and shortly left the
stand.
F. E. Goodban. a trained nurs«, was next called, and he proved a joy for
ever. Without cause he would appeal to the court, and on occasion en
deavored to hurt Foote's feelings by branding him as the best cross-examiner
in I'alifornia. Goodban finally found a chance and made his exit. The crowd
enjoyed the day's fun, and to-day will again congregate in anticipation of
further joy. • • '
Or INTEREST M
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to fiesponsibie ; Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Correipoßllng With lay »f th* FtOmtog t\rm» Finn Ueatina "Th» Call"
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM- SCHOENING,^ lp p r^d^r ' uppl!ed
BELTING.".
LP nFAPN Manufacturer of Belting sind
. r. lIDUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS. "
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY,. Proprietor. .
Special Attention Pa lrl to Repairs and Ship
Work. '
Office and Works— MISSION ST.
Telephone. Main 6045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
\ 242 to 350 Geary Street. Abore Powell.
' V Periodicals, Books and Stationery.:
CARRIAGE MAKERS. ,
O'RPIFN £ CfIVC-Makers and Dealers In
DnlLn (I 3 Landaus, Hacks, Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St.. San Francisco. ■ ■ ■ • ■ f -
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
600 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ,1864."
COPPERSMITHS. 7 ~
PANDERS &:■ CO.. practical coppersmiths,
; mf r's of sheet copper and tubing. ' Improved con-
tinuous (tills, etc. 436 Mission St.. near First;
all work guaranteed: -: 7 " '-■ ' .',.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE.
RFMNRTfiN ft Pfl SecondandSteven.
nLUIRU I Un 06 UUi son Sts. Tel. Main 4
FRESH, AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RfiVF? *fA Shipping Butchers, 101
JA3- BUI L tt Ul. , Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS , .'.-, : -". ;
All lift Hunters'- A Equipments, : Fishing
111 INK Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. v Send
111 U III) tOT catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE
-i, i■ v 783 Market street. •' >
preference in this regard, and wrote that
she was sorry he had not sent her another
brand of easier action. He also sent her
a trunkful of wearing apparel, value un
known, which had also belonged to his
first wife, and she further asked him to
send her a writing desk By express, which
he could not get in the trunk.
She also ' taxed his love," as she put it,
by asking 1 him for a diamond engagement
ring given to him by his former wife, but
she did not get that in her clutches, for
the doctor had it on in the courtroom.
Then she had a decided predilection for
flowers, and she chided him often for not
sending her some from a florist whose
name she carefully wrote in her letter.
At the time of adjournment they were
not through with the medical dupe, and
he will go on the stand again to-day
The other witness called was Frederick
Sheck, who has been confined in the
County Jail for four months, the authori
ties fearing he would run away. He was
a victim, and after he became acquainted
with Mrs. Allison gave her a $175 engage
ment ring. . They went to the Palace
Baths for a swim, and after they came
back to Bain's office she said she had lost
it In swimming. Sheck confessed that
he was foolish enough to go to look for
the ring.
He testified that he received $150 back
from Bain, and the prosecution endeav
ored to show that this was in the nature
of a compromise with the schemers to
square the case. In answer to the ques
tion whether Mrs. Allison had ever refused
to marry him, Sheck replied that one day
she had shoved her fist in his face and
told him never to set foot in her house
again. He considered this something in
the nature of a refusal.
WALLS COMING DOWN.
Ropes Once More at Work on the
Baldwin Ruins.
It remained for the wind and the Fire
Department to convince Baldwin that the
unsightly heap of ruins, formerly his ho
tel, Ifl insecure and should be removed.
Yesterday portions of the walls swayed
in the wind, and loosened boards, flopping
tin and timbers blew down among the
pedestrians on M-arket and Powell streets.
The Fire Department has been watching
the work of clearing? out the interior for
some time, and it has been observed that
while support has been taken away from
the walls no disposition has been "shown
to take them down. Yesterday Fire Mar
shal To we ordered the windlasses on the
scene onre more, and under his supervis
ion a portion of the Powell-street wall
was dragged into the interior. When these
are down more of the Market-street wall
will follow.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and L,arkin ste. Swimming:. Russian, hot
and cold tun Datha. Saltwater direct from ocean.
HARDWARE. . • .
pALACEHardwareCo..lmportersSD>!al«rs
in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 732?
IRON FOUNDERS. ~~
Western Foundry. Morton & HedleVi Prop*.
234 Fremont St. Castlnes of Erery Do.
tcrlptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE %p and paper co
IfILLHUILI I L 722 Montgomery Stres*..
PRINTING. - — —
EC HI]nHF« PRINTER.
l^- W- lIUUHLQun Sansome street
■ j STATIONER AND PRINTER.
; Te c^; h ' c PARTRIDGE^^
THE HICKS-JUDB CO-, : ajjg^j^ , c
.. ..:'. •-'• TYPEWRITERS. .- ••
All Typewriters Rented.
jCj^^ga* Few partly used for sale cheap.
j||HgQL* AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
IkSP&flk L. &M. ALEXANDER.
, r" *-. 110 Montgomery, street.
■••■ . '\v./ ; : WALLPAPER. • '• : : :;_•;.■ ■ ■
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality * color. DUFFY CO.. 92$ Howard. "
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. 0t..-
-eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. ■ Tel. Main 13U.
WATCHES. ETC. ~~~
TI riSinV headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LlinUlt ,<; II. 18-k. Wedding Rings. 43d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
fBSSSBS^^' '■'. Mined ' by .' the , ' .■':^9SB
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at. Its
, , GREEN RIVER COL.UERIEB. -
I* the Best Coal In the Market. ".' :; "-
• : v Office and Yards— (so Main Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SiOK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
; liLttlo Pills. .
: They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia, \
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per* !
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi- '•
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They j
Regulate the Bowels. . Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose*
Small Price.
Health is Wealth.
NERVE li— •— »• "^^^"^"""jJjjArNT"
OR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
• THE ORIGINAL, ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Is sold under positive Written <3unrantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizziaosß, Wakefulncrs, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
ness, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, thick of Conn-
deuce, Nervousness, Lassitude, ail Drains, Youth- i
ful Errors, or Excoasivo Use of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which ieads to Misery. Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At etoro or by mail, *1 a
box; six for $5; with -written «uaranteo«to j
cure or refund money.' Sample pack« j
age, containing five days treatment, with full j
instructions, 25 cents. Ono sample only sold to
each person. At store or by mail. -
Label Special J&gffi£k
kdw&B Extra Strength. m^sa
J^-Y[»7f For Impotoncy. Special^fcgj©
Extra Strength. SK^Li
For Impotoncy, Lobs o^Wv^'^j|
I'ower, Lost ?lwi!;ood. \i Jffi!,
Y^r&P* Sterility or Barrpnneßsi jk' ***/
>sffi^yishSl a box; cis for $5, withwJ^Wf
of^S^fW^vvittcn iffnarnnteejysi^»(V
\i S mJ£,r- to Cure in 3° <^ IJT " At EtOre^A tn»t o
BcrUnCov by mail. nrICR
GEORGE DAHLBENDEK & CO.. Sole Agts..
Zl4 Kearny st., San Francisco.
p^G^&Gf*^ ANGER
\ \w^^^L^g^ tio KN'FE o> PAIN
•1 1 jfflwW BBtf^^ No ay until Cured
i^J JBk Any lump in a wo-
KB man's breast is cancer,
%HBSB and if allowed to get
mR large, always poisons
-*■&££ BHr^*^ the glands in the arm-
i^^^^^B wrf\\ P^ When the cancer
R(ftr^^^^LJp g| in the armpit gets
large cure is impossi-
ble. Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
with testimonials of thousands I have cured.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M.D., Office 25ThirdSt.,S.F.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
tf^*. Museum of Anatomy
p|fl|^ 1051 MASSET ST.bet. 6th* 7ta, 3. T. CftL
I ■ ■ The Largest of In kind In tie ' World.
|w,| DR. JORDAN— P. ivat9 Diseases.
iJJWff &^ . Contaltstion free. Writ* for Hook
\ I of Marriaga.
• 0 ;;■ : MAILED FREE. ""
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025KEABNYNT. Established \
In 1854 for the treatment of Private j
Diseiis»-s, Lost Manhood IJobllltyor |
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
Cnrc«eiiarantrrd. Callorwrlta
»r. J. £■'. tiIBBOX, Roy. 1357. Sag Francisco. .
RAILEOAT TBAYEL.
/JB9I SUPERB
vßm Strain. '
°'3 PI C TOB^ V •
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR ;
■'■"'■?'^. "■"•■ VIA THE ■• ■'■''-■'
UNION PACIFIC
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
, WITH BARBER SHOP. -
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS. '
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST \ SLEEPERS, f. :,*■. •
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY V,i D.AYS TO CHICAGO:
Leaves San Francisco daily at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
• No. 1 Montgomery stre<t. San Francisco.
California
Limited
Santa le Route
Cori.i^w..h^- Owl Train Loaves i*;* i
". Francisco via Los Angeles at li j
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES- ;
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. thi !
following- Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving .In New
York at 1:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday i
. , and Wednesday. • ■;";■ . ;.7 r ;-
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Erectrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
! m FBABCISCQ TICKET — S2d MARKET 31 i
' TELEPHONE MAIN' 1311 !
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
• Sacramento Office— J Street. .
. San Jose Offi«e— 7 West Santa Clara St ■
MOUNT TAMALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY.
■ :,' '!'.; .*. tVla »au=.alito Kerry.) " ' .- ;
L*»Te San Francisco, commencing Sund*y.
B*Bt. 11. 1S98: ■■-.■■": . . > . .»
Week Days— S:S9 a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B :W, 10:00. U:JO a. m.. 1:U p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. 11. : *
THOS. COOK ., A SON. Agent*. Ml Marktt |
(treet. San Franclico. ..':"- : >
AUCTION SALES.
ELEGANT UPRIGHT PIANO,-
VERY ELEGANT UPHOLSTERY,
RICH FOLDING BEDS, ETC.
THIS DAY (THURSDAY). AT 11 A. M.
• HYDE ST., NEAR ELLIS.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market St.
BAxLBOAJj TBAVEIr.
KOCTHRRK PACIFIC CODIPAJJT.
' (PACIFIC HYMTKM>.)
Ttnlun M'liit* mitl iii-f <lim In nrrlve nl
KAM tlt,».\( |.h< U.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
| r.KAT« — From Deo. 18. 1898. — arkitb
I "•«:OOa Nile*. San Joss »nd W»y Stations... *8:*34
?:OUa Jtciiicia. Sulaun »Dd Sacramento.... S:4sp
■ 7:»><»A MarjiTllie. ()rov!lloatid Heddiug via
Woodland ......\..... 5i4."»p
7:00 a Elmira, Vacavllle and Ruuney 8:43p
~,:<iO\ Martinez, San Unnion, Vullrjo, Napa,
Cftlistoga ami Santa Rosa 6:lSr
8:OOa Atlantic Express. <>j<len and Kast.. S:t!ir
MiUOa Ban .lose. Ltvermore, Ktuckton,
' lone. Sacramento, Plaoerrille,
MarysTille, Chicu, Iteil ItlulT ' *:i*r
H:;tO\ 'Milton, Oakdale and .1 ameatown ... 4:lSp
tf:UMA. Martinez. Tr»cy, Lathrop, btockion,
Merced mi Fresno 1 2:15*
v I»:OOa Kresiio, Uakerstiel.', Kauta lUilmra, -:,: ;
Lot Angeles, Deiniog, El PtsO,
New Orleans and East 6:45r
10:00 a Vallejev Martinez and Way stations 3i4S>
9 2:«Om Nlles, Livermore, Stockton, nacrt-
menio, Mendota, Uaufurd, Vioali*.
Pcrtenrllle..... -»:l3p
•l:OOp Sacramento Ki»er Bteuinurs *8:00r
4 1 oop Martinez, Han lUinon, Vallejo, ■
N»p», UallstnKa, Simta ICoiia oil9a
4:OOr Benida, VacnTille, Sacramento,
Woodland, ' Kniglns landing,
M«ry»Tille, Oro»llle lO:4Ha
4::t«»r Nlles, San Jnaeaud Stockton 7:15 i»
»■.««!' fnnolico and tim Angeles
limited. Kresno, B»ktraneld, Los
• Apples 9:43 v
S:3op Stockton, Mrice<l, Frwno 1JJ:I3»
S:3or Maninez, Tracy, Jjjoadota, Fresno.
Mojare, Santa .iTarbva and u,i
Anifßlf* .. »•«*
IB:OOP Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth, TJttle Rock. Bt.
Louis, Chicago and Eaat 59 45A
o>S»r rtant» I'i. Il»n.^. At. 'V*"
for Mojaro ami !i«»t O:4.Tp
. fi:OOr Hwnnwn Mull. Onilnn urn! i''-ast »«4»»
O:Oi»p Haywards, and ban J05e...... 7:45 a.
*.OiUOi • V»ll«jn 12:lUp
t?c»«r Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tious JO:***
MiWOr Oregon lOx|iri«s,.SacrHineiitii, Marys-
villu. Itu.l.llni;. rortlani). l"n«et
Hound and K»sf «'•»*
■ 10:0-1 Sanest Limited. Fresno. !.oi
Ang«les, El Paso, New Orleans
antEi.t, 61:4»y
' SAN bKAMIIttO AM* lUMVAItI>N LOCAL.
. (Foot of Market Street.)
' Holroxr, Sumliiary I'arli,
R:OOa Klfrlilmrjf. KimliiirHt, e:4S&
itf:OOA Nan l.rnndrn, Snnlh San {*9:4fi\
lO.OOa I,f»nilro. Otndillo, 1O:4»a
411:00 a Lorenzo, Cherry • ••»••*
X;«.OP t.\-'-- .||,l • rl:4sp
SiOOf lU iWB r,U.
7:<>Op * nuns through to Nile.. 7i * Sr
) t From NlleV I
' COAST lUVISIOS (Nni row <Jnni?c).
(Foot of Market Streets ■ .
8: 1 3 a Newark. i>nt.->rville. San Jose.Fel ton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Station:* 5i8»»
•8:1»P Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Fulton, Koulilur (.'reek,
Santa Cruz and Principal ! Way
B^atioll< MO:.->IU
4:1.1r Nrw*rk. Man .Toso and Los'Gaton... 0:3« A
(11:4<1p Hunters' Excursion, San J,ose and _
Way Stations ■■• t'-***
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
1 rromSAK fR»»CISCO— P»«t «f Hirkei Strut ( Sin 8)—
•7:15 0:C0 11:011*. U. |l:9B *2:00 (3:00
•4:03 18:00 *e:OOF.M. '.
I rrsm OASURD— ro»I «r Br«3w»y.— 'C:00 8:00 10:00*.«.
1 12:00 -1:00 12:00 ; 3:00 1 4:00 "5:00 p.m.
~ tOAVJ' DIVISiOS ißroail (lunge).
(Third and Townseml St«.)
7:0»a .San .loco ami Way HUtiuiis (New ~
Alinaden Wedn«wlaysonly) Jt»O»
»iOO* H»n .I.iku, Tres I'inos, Siuitu Cruz,
I'jriiic Rtnvo, Paso Hollies, San
- I,im> Oliispo. Ciuadalitpe, Surf and
l'rineliwl Wny Htiitlims 4:10p
IO:ll», Shi, .Ihm mid Way Htatlon "8:00 a
II::1Oa San .J..s« and Way Stations ' SiSSa
•2:43 c Sun Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han .lose,
Ullrny. Hollister. Santa Onw.
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilio
(Jr<>T« '. MOiSWa
•B:3OrBan.Toseatid Way Stations *»:«»A
•lil&r Ban Joseainl Principal Way Stations 0:45 a
■Stoop San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:85 a
5:30 v Jose ami Principal Way Stations 3:30p
«::«Op Sail Jose an.l Way Stations. 7:30p
tH:43p San .loseand Way Stations 7iaop
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
• Sundays axeetitpd. { Sundays only, t S»t,n.mys only
ifMondayi and Thnndars. oTnegdays and Saturdays.
Saturdays and Wednesdays. bTliursdavs and Sundays.
CALIFOINU NORTHWESTERN £1. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburoa Parry, Foot «* Market St.
__SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFASb.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:09 a. m.: 11:2*.
1:10. 6:10, 6:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trt»
at 11:80 p. m. gaturdaya— trips at i:i*
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDATS-8:00. 9:10. U;00 a. m.: Ida, *■*.
6:00, <:» p. in. * .
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20. 11. a. m.: IJ:4S»
1:40, 5:10 p. , m. Saturday*— Extra trip* as
1:66 and I;M P. m.
EUND AY 6-11:10. 8:40. U:10 a, »•: X:«l «:«.
1:00 6:25 p. ra. .
Between Sun Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above. ■ ■
• Leave Arrtv«
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
, October 18. — -
Week I Sun- 1398. Bun- Weak"
Days. I days. Destination. day*. Days.
7:30 am 8 :00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:44 am
1:20 pm >:30arjn. Petaluma. 6:lopm 10:85 am
1:10 pm 6:Mpn< Santa Rosa. 7:BSpm «:22pia
j Fulton. ■
tMuxx " Windsor. 10:15 mm
:;-'» Sealdsburc, ,
■ Lytton. . • -^ ..
Geyserville, •..••■•
l:SCpm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:15 pm t-.tipm
■ Hopland and • , .
t:Soam B:Coam - Uklan. 7:35pm «:apnt
1:80 am .' . . „:/ .'".-■ -'*'.'. . v 10:25
8:00 am Ouerneviila. 7:85 pm
B:Sopm ■ '.- • ■_ _ tMptm
1:10 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4o an
and ■ ■ ■
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:io P m fi:22pra
1:80 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. lO:4Uam 10:25
I:3opm 6:oopm ■ I 7:85 pm| 6:2? pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Eprlngs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Qey-
■erviiie for Skages Springs; at Cloverdale . tor
the Geyser*: at HoplanU for Duncan Springs.
! Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, ■ Lakeport and Bartlett
I Springs; at Ukl»h for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Buckneira.
Banhedrln Heights. Hullville, Boonertlle. Ott'b
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Weitport. UsaJ. Willltts. LaytonvllU. Cum-
fnlnrii. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyar.
ficotla and Eureka.
Saturday ■ to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. . ' ' i
On Sundays round trip tickets to ail points
beyond Ban Rafael at half raws.
Ticket Offices, «50 Market St., Chronicle bMg. -
H. C WHITINO, R. X. RYAN.
' Genera! Manager. i Gen. Pass. AetnU
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. . Via SaoMlito Perry.
FROM SAN KKAJiCUSGU '1O MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK-DAYS— »7:2?. *9:30, ll:0u a. m. ; *1:45,
3:45, 5:15, '6:00, 6:30 p.. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'S:OO. ■ '10.00. '11:30 a. m.; *l:la.
8:00. '4:30. 6:15 n m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. '6:35. .7:45. »8:30 a. m.;
; •12:20, 2:20, *3:45, 5:03 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
! and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. '8:00, •10:C0. •-1:66 a. ■ m.;
I •1:15. »3:10. 4:40. *6:20 p. m. .- •
Trains marked * start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA • TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. : 12:05. 1:20, 3:20.
8:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. week — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I 1:46 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
■ ,-■ stations. > .■■- ' ■•.-■•■ :-.-■
1:00 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
'" From Jan. 2*. 189 V, trains will run as foitatr.s:
I South bound | North-bound.
Passer.-! Mixed. | \ Mixed, 'Passen-.
, >-cr. | Sunday 1 Sunday! ger.
; Daily. lExcptdJ Stations.- JExc'ptdi Dally.
; 7:2oam 10:30 am Stockton ' I 3:43 pml 6:00 « m
9:loam] 2:ospm .. Merced U:4o i m 4:l3pm
•10:40 am 5:3.1 pm' 'Fresno I B:3o ami 2:42pm
ll:3Samj 7;45pt8 ■ Hanford ' 7:43 ami 1:45 pm
: I:2s pin 12:30 am 'TT.»l<ti.«neld I 2:foam|ll :ooam
11:59 am! G :23pm. Vlralia I 6:4o ami I:22pm
12:15 pmj 6:53 pm ..Tulare • ] 5:50aml I:ospm'
" Stopping at intermediate points as required. .
For particular*, of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic. Manager's Office, 321 Market
street, San Francisco. ; ; •'
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MAY LEAVE
THE OFFICE OF
MAYOR OPEN
Democrats Have No
Programme.
DAVIE MAY BE NAMED
SOME DELEGATES IN FAVOR OF
R. W. SNOW.
The Annexed District Believes That
It Should Have Proper Repre
sentation in the City
' Council.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Feb. 1.
The divided Democracy is at a loss for
n candidate for Mayor. Many proposi
tions are now being considered in antici
pation of the convention to-morrow night,
and after all it is not unlikely that no
nomination will be made for the head of
the ticket.
There are many delegates In favor of
Indorsing the candidacy of John L. Davle.
There Is some opposition to him on the
part of those who favor the appointment
of straight Democrats for all the offices or
of leaving spaces plank for which no
straight Democrats are nominated. There
is a feeling among another section of the
delegates that it might be good policy to
Indorse R. W. Snow, though, of course,
this radical proposition meets with much
condemnation. Then, again, there Is the
element that is always spoiling for a
fight and which does not care very much
who is put up so long as there is pros
pect of a keen contest during the cam
paign.
To-morrow night the adjourned conven
tion will meet to finish Its work. The
committee on platform and resolutions
has completed its labors and declares
that it is ready to produce a platform
that cannot fail to favorably impress
every voter in this city. H. C. McPike,
although not a delegate, has prepared a
plank relating to the water question, and
Seth Mann of the committee of twenty
one has seen to it that good roads shall
not suffer at the hands* of the Democracy
If he can help it. Last night the com
mittee on platform was about ready to
ri port when it was called to its attention
that it had pledged its nominees to sev
eral reforms and improvements. As no
pledges prior to election can now be put
In platforms it was found necessary to
remodel the document.
It is said that to-morrow evening there
■will be few vacant seats in the conven
tion. The reason for so many absentees
last niyhi was declared to be that the
delegates were all informed that no nom
inations would be made till Thursday
night, ami that, therefore, they were not
particular about attending.
"The indorsement of Snow for Mayor,"
said a Democratic leader to-day, "would
hardly be good policy. The "Municipal
League, which is supposed to be non-par
tisan, did not put any Democrats on its
ticket, and therefore I do not see why we
should take up its candidate. Some
friends of Davie have expressed a desire
that he be indorsed by us, but this would
not be good policy, because Davie is not
a Democrat, and our chief kick against
the old Democracy was that it used the
party in -this county to assist certain Ke
publican candidates, to the detriment of
Democrats. It is very probable that the
position may be left vacant, although
there is a possibility that there may be
enough Davie votes in the convention to
carry him through. The delegates are
absolutely unpledged, and when we meet
every good Democrat will have an oppor
tunity to have his claims presented and
ask for a nomination."
The large annexed district, which it is
generally conceded will not be separated
from this city by the effect of any ap
peal now pending in the courts, is making
a hard fight for representation in the new
Council. This district has paid during
the past year over $35,000 in taxes Into the !
city treasury. For this it has so far re- I
ceived a few police officers and a few
electric lights. It is anxious to have its
fair share of all municipal privileges, and
for this reason is anxious to secure one ■
of the four Councilmen at large. As it
Ik the largest individual ward in the city
It is certainly entitled to two member!
In the Council. The residents have pinned
their faith on C. A. Chtchester of Golden
Gate, who has been nominated by both
the Republicans and Municipal League.
Mr. Chichester is one of the leading spir
its in the annexation movement, and his
neighbors are now anxious to reward him
by sending him to the Council.
SAVED FBOM STARVATION.
Charity Displayed Behind Priscn
Bars for Frank T. Homer's
Family.
OAKLAND, Feb. I.— But for the charity
displayed by prisoners at the County Jail
in sacrificing their appetites and giving
up a portion of their rations the past few
days, Mrs. F. T. Homer and her four
little children, residing at 764 Madison
street, would be starving. The husband
and father Is awaiting trial on a charge
of embezzling a printing press, with which
bogus lottery tickets were printed for
Rbout four years. He has been in the
County Jail about three weeks, and since
that time the mainstay of the family's
support has been lacking, and the unfor
tunate family have, moreover, received
notice to vacate their home because of
failure to pay the rent.
Their case, probably overlooked unin
tentionally by local charitable societies,
has been taken up by the prisoners at the
bounty Jail, who each day lay aside a
part of their meals to appease the hunger
of their fellow-prisoner's family. The
prisoners obtained permission of the jailer
to eend out a basket of food every day.
A Shakesperean Reader.
OAKLAND, Feb. I.— Samuel E. Wells,
the noted impersonator and delineator of
the characters of Shakespeare, will ap
pear in Oakland under the auspices of
the Tounp Men's Christian Association
next Friday and Tuesday evenings. He
will deal with Hamlet and Othello.
Reward of $20,000 Offered.
A wealthy lady recently losi a satchel con
taining Jewel? worth $150,000. and now offers a
reward of $20,000 cn*h to the Under. The loss
of health l.« far more c -lons than the loss of
Jewels, and yet It can be recovered without
paying big rewards. A little money Invested
In Hostetter"B Stomach Bitters will restore
Btrenpth to the weak, purify the blood, estab
lish regularity of the bowels and help the
stomach to properly, digest the food taken
into It.
SHAKESPEAREAN
SAMUEL E. WELLS,
The Distinguished New York Reader,
AT
T. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM, Oakland.
FRIDAY, Feb. 3.. ..>.....:.... HAMLET
TUESDAY, Feb. 7 OTHELLO
Tirketfi on sale at T. M. C. A. Building, cor-
ner Twelfth and Clay streets, Oakland.
COMPANY F
RETURNS AND
IS UNHONORED
No Public Welcome
for the Boys.
SOME ARE DISAPPOINTED
OTHER CITIES HAVE SET A DIF
FERENT EXAMPLE.
Believe They Should Be Honored as
Much as Though They Had
Faced Mauser Bul
lets. *
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 1.
Much surprise and some indignation is
being expressed that the old Company F,
which went in the regular service last
autumn, should have been honorably
mustered out and returned to Oakland
without any public notice being taken of
the incident.
The Oakland boys returned home from
Benicia last Saturday without any effort
at giving them a welcome or showing
any recognition of the unselfish manner In
which they decided to take up arms and
go anywhere for the honor of their coun
try. It Is stated that it Is no fault of
theirs that they did not see active service
on either side of the globe, and that they
are deserving of at least a public re
ception at the hands of the people of this
city.
In many of the other cities of California
where the returned companies now are
they have been handsomely treated and
made to feel that their services were ap
preciated. In contrast to this is the in
significant manner in which Oakland's
soldiers came home, went about their
usual avocations, with nobody to extend a
welcoming hand or give them a pat on the
back.
When the boys marched into Camp Bar
rett last fall, many promises were made
of the generous manner in which they
would be received when honorably dis
charged from the service at the close of
the war. These promises have not been
kept, and so far no effort has been made
to fulfill them.
BRANDES IS DENIED
A CHANGE OF VENUE
ACCUSED WIFE'S TRIAL ALSO
SET FOR FEBRUARY 7.
Attorneys Intimate That the Trial
of Mrs. Brandes Will fie First
Disposed Of.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Feb. 1.
William A. Brandes and his wife, Etta
Brandes, both charged with the brutal
murder of their 15-year-old daughter Lil
lian, will be tried in this county. Judge
Hall having denied a motion for a change
of venue.
Mrs. Brandes appeared in court this
morning to plead "not guilty" and her
trial was set for February 7, the same
day of her husband's trial. While the
accused couple sat chatting and laughing
the motion for a change of venue in W.
A. Brandes' case was argued by Attor
neys Sawyer and Bennett.
It was contended by the defense that
Brandes could not get a fair and Impar
tial trial here because of the prejudice
that had been created by a yellow press
against the accused.
Judge Hall in denying the motion called
attention to the area of Alameda County
with its 100,000 population, and said he
felt confident that out of this population
twelve men could be found who would try
the case Impartially. Commenting on the
claim that prejudice had been created by
the press. Judge Hall called attention to
the fact that reports and details of the
horrible crime had appeared In all the San
Francisco papers and circulated through
out the entire State.
The court also denied a motion granting
the defense authority to engage physi
cians and surgeons as expert witnesses to
be paid by the county.
The date of Mrs. Brandes' trial was set
for February 7 at the request of the de
fense. Attorneys Sawyer and Bennett
stating that if on that day W. A. Brandes
might not be ready for trial, the trial of
the accused woman might go ahead, and
they expressed themselves implicitly con
fident of an acquittal in short order in
her case.
MISS HODGE ON
HER COURTSHIP
Declares She Is Modest and Upright,
but Did Once Love John
Nicholl.
<s» /"OAKLAND, Feb. I.— Miss Jane Hodge, wh/>se romantic story of love for <8> .
a II an aged' capitalist was published some days ago, has Issued the follow- <£
lowing -statement: '?.•";■" -'■■-- "■*'. <§>
<3> , . " : :, ; «V:- OAKLAND, January 31. <J>
<8> Miss Hodge begs of you to drop her name and her personal affairs out of your es- <J>
4> teemed paper after giving the following statement space. If possible. ' ■ ' '.'4>
<g> . Mlps Hodge tried to balk reporters making raids on her for news, but finding <$>
4> that impossible, she dictated to some of them a, few pages of yellow Journal - ro- •<^
<g> mancing to 'satisfy, them for the time being. • I would say ; conclusively ; that . Miss <§>
<S> Hodge . became engaged to Mr. Nicholl between two. and three months ago, and as <s>
<•> far as she Is concerned, she Is still engaged to marry , him, although he denies all '•>
<$> knowledge of such an engagement existing. _ .".. ... . ■» ..... .- '■ <§>
<$> • Miss Hodge is too modest a woman and a woman of too upright a character to <$>
4> tell an untruth, so there Is no doubt in any one's mind, who Is acquainted with <§>
<$> her, that she '. was to have , become the ."Duchess of Richmond," as her friends here <&
<§> ' playfully style her, was-to-have-been union with- "Duke Nlcholl of Richmond Point." <§>
<§> . Miss ; Hodge ' is very much disappointed in Mr. Nlcholl, who had made her think <$>
<•> that his world pivoted on her, and she is ashamed to. think she should have pinned <*>
<*> her faith to- a man with so little grit as Mr. -Nicholl has displayed In this affair. . <^.
<§> But after, floundering about In a Sahara of despair for a few weeks at the faithless- ■<£.
<?> ness of her-, one-time lover, 1 7 am happy: to say that Miss ' Hodge • has now struck <$>
<$> .an oasis of | peace ' and trust, although she may never, again apply these : terms , In - <$>
<|> connection with any member of the Nicholl family. ,-. ' -■ ,',. <g>
<$> Miss Hodge wishes to say In regard *•• the contemplated "suit" of hers», that <J>
<$> she has been hurried . Into thinking about It by ' the young, ladies Miss Mazie and <g> '•'■'
<£• Miss Hcssle, who ' seem to be. In a hurry to feel": the infliction' of the rod which <£
<?> they thought , Miss Hodge must have in ■ pickle : for '■ them : because j they . . refused i to' <£
<S> have her" for a stepmother. : . .■ : ' ] •. : •.' , ..' '♦
<§> Miss Hodge had not meant to do anything in the matter for months; to come, . <^
<•> ' posgibly never, but -by '; the action of these .two ladles, who sent a friend of theirs ■ <$> •
3> in the city to find out who was her lawyer,; also coming, to the friend's house here <&
4> to 'try to effect a reconciliation, without offering even the semblance of an apol- <J>
3> ogy for having tried =to take away/her,. good name and ' finally ' by;, sending for pub- :'<>■'
<». llcatlon a denial :ol . the engagement, -I. am very . much afraid Miss Hodge: will grat- < <$>
4> lfy them by filing a suit in the near future. "' . - V .^-V'.-i- /.v '."<'' -■ <§>
<£ Hoping this will end '■ newspaper discussion of the .affair, \ and trusting , that the r <$>
4> many warm friends of Miss Hodge will think none the less of -he;" for defending : ,h«r <§> ■
3> good name, which is all the riches she possesses, and j feeling sorry - that ; she should ;v ;
4> have i put ■ Mr. Nicholl and . his nine daughters and sons .to the : trouble ; and \ expense ■<£
•$> of hiring extra • reinforcements •In the " person of Lawyer. Major. Mhoon .to fight against <£ I
<S> her, who has, been ' -?le" handed -In; the affair as yet, she begs to sign herself- yours <$>
<S> truly, ... . :. ■: ; . .: ..'-■ : '; ; ; . ■ JANE HODGE. ■•, <$> •
<8> /Lester avenue. East Oakland, January '31, 1839. " - •"• : '• <g>
;♦ ■. ' • . \ -\— ~ * ■■■-'■'■■'• -:-.v ■')■ :"■•"■:■■■•*• -"<g. ,
<$> ? There Is just one little error In Miss Hodge's i statement— doubtless a 4>
-4> lipse of memory. . There , was .no attempt to balk \ reporters, for » the ; first <8>
<§> time she was visited she was courteous to a marked degree; and smll- <& ■
♦ ' ingly supplied all the information and photographs desired. '■ -- •: ' ; ' . ■ <8>
♦ •
♦ <> ♦ ♦ ♦"♦ *>♦♦♦>>>♦ 4> ♦> ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ V^ ♦ ♦ ♦'♦'♦'♦ <t> W* ♦
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1899.
CONFESSED HIS
GUILT, YET HE
WAS ACQUITTED
Charged With Burg
lary, Sims Freed.
A JUROR'S PECULIAR REASON
INSTRUCTIONS HIS INTELLI
GENCE COULD NOT GRASP.
Wit Ward, Who Held Up a Saloon
Han for Five Dollars, Sentenced
to Six Years in
Prison.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 1.
There Is no accounting for the action
of juries. To the surprise of everybody,
particularly his attorney, C. J. Sims,
charged with burglarizing the residence
| of John D. Nelld in Alameda last Novem
ber, was acquitted by a jury in Judge
Hall's court to-day.
The jury was made up of John Seebeck,
E. E. Walcott, B. S. Marsion, W. P. Lem
on, H. Furst, William Peru, George An
drews, H. W. Bronson, N. W. Jacobs, J.
Dovan, W. T. Gibbs and George W. Man
uel.
Sims is a colored man, and was called
to the witness-stand by his attorney, D.
M. Connors, when he frankly confessed
that he had entered Nelld's home for the
purpose of getting a drink of water; but
that after he got into the house he broke
open an inner door with a hatchet and
carried off a demijohn of claret, some
wearing apparel and a guitajr. This testi
money of his self-confessed 'and supposed
burglarious conduct was corroborated by
numerous witnesses, one of whom, Mrs.
G. A. Severance, testified that he nail
brought the stolen articles to his house,
informing her thai he had secured them
at the house where he was working.
In his Instructions to Uje jury Judge
Hall advised that if Sims did not intend to
commit a felony at the time he entered
Neild's house the crime would not- be bur
glary, but that if after he had entered lie
had stolen any articles it would be con
strued as larceny; but that if after enter
ing he had then broken open an inner
door, the charge of burglary would stand.
Whether the intelligence of the jury
was not keen enough to grasp this dis
tinction is not known. However, after
twenty minutes' deliberation the jurors
brought in a verdict of "not guilty," to
the surprise of everybody, even Attorney
D. M. Connors for the defense. ~tjne of
the Jurors intimated that the reason of
the verdict was that the jury did not
grasp the meaning of the instructions, and
then, too, the articles stolen wore not of
sufficient value to warrant a conviction.
Sims, when tf*? result was announced,
thanked his attorney for his charitable of
fices and quickly left the courtroom, leav
ing undisturbed the demijohn, guitar and
wearing apparel which he was accused of
having stolen.
In disgust and with some reluctance
Mr. Nleid gathered up these exhibits, for
i since the colored man had not been found
i guilty of having stolen them he was in
doubt as to who the owner might be.
In clear contrast to the foregoing case
is that of Wit Ward, who was arrested
recently on a charge of standing up a
Pleasanton saloon-keeper and robbing
him of $5. Last Wednesday Ward was al
lowed to plead guilty to grand larceny
and to-day he was sentenced to six years'
imprisonment in San Quentln.
Mrs. Metcalf's Will Filed.
OAKLAND. Feb. I.— The holographic
will of Sarah P. Metcalf. who died in San
Francisco last August, was filed for pro
bate late this afternoon, and her son.
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf, peti
tioned for letters of administration. The
will, dated July 2S, 1898, names petitioner
as executor, who, with Jennie P. Robson,
Sarah C. Beam and William J. Metcalf,
the other three children, are devisees.
The estate Is bequeathed to the children
share and share alike.
Intimation of Malpractice.
OAKLAND, Feb. I.— The death of Mrs.
Amy Stanley Tigner. wife of Jonas Tig
nrr, which occurred at her home, 484
Edward street, yesterday, will be Investi
gated by Coroner Mehrmann and a jury.
The deceased was aged 30 years, and ap
parently was in good health. When the
undertaker had laid the body out It was
found that the death certificate had not
been signed, and it is intimated now that
the death was due to malpractice.
Pioneer Engineer's Death.
OAKLAND, Feb. I.— Joseph Payne, the
pioneer engineer of this State, for many
years In the employ of the Southern Pa
cific Company, died yesterday at his
home in Fruitvale. He had been on the
retired list for the ~ast fifteen years. He
was a widower, aged 74 years.
THEY REFUSED TO "DIVVY."
Stanley Sues Messrs. Dingee and
Moffitt for Profits From Water
Stock.
OAKLAND, Feb. 1.-Ex-Public Adminis
trator James Stanley has filed suit against
W. J. Dingee, Frank Moffitt and the Liv
ermore Water and Power Company for
the recovery of a share In $50,000 realized
some time ago from a sale of bonds Issued
by the corporation defendant, of which
amount plaintiff alleges the corporation
received but half, the other half being
divided between Dingee and Moffitt.
Plaintiff bases his claim for a $2500 share
upon an agreement entered into between
himself and Messrs. Dingee and Moffltt
by the terms of which he turned over
to them his 200 shares of the capital
stock in the corporation.
Plaintiff asks that his 200 shares or
their equivalent, which he alleges is $10,
--000, be returned to him; also that it be
decreed that the corporation has no right,
interest or title to tne money referred to
or his 200 shares; that he be given judg
ment against Messrs. Dingee and Moffltt
for $25,000, and that they he required to
deliver to him ten bonds or their equi%'a
lent, $5000.
Stanley is represented' by Attorneys W.
Kaufman, Michael Mullaney and A. A.
Moore.
THOSE LIQUOR ADS.
Students Will Keep Them Out of the
College's Annual Publication.
BERKELEY, Feb. I.— There will be no
liquor advertisements in the Blue and
Gold to be published this term by the
junior class of the University of Califor
nia. This is the decision of the editors
and business managers of the college an
nual, and they are supported in the stand
they have taken by a majority of the
members of the junior class.
Previous to the publication of last year's
book business managers of the annual had
found ready advertisers among liquor
dealers who supplied the columns with
advertisements to the value of almost $200.
The Young Men's and Young Women s
Christian associations of the university en
tered upon an active crusade against the
advertisements a year ago and succeeded
in having them kept out of the '99 Blue
and Gold by themselves securing enough
other advertisements to make good the
difference.
George Brehm, manager for this year,
has himself inaugurated the policy of
doing without financial assistance from
liquor dealers, and expects to make good
the difference In other ways.
HARPER WILL COME
TO VISIT BERKELEY
Chicago's President Will Speak at the
University of California's Char-
ter Day Celebration.
BERKELEY, Feb. I.— The charter day
exercises to be held this year at the Uni
versity of California will be marked by
the presence of a distinguished educator
from the East, Dr. William R. Harper,
president of the University of Chicago.
Charter day, which falls on March 23,
Is celebrated every year by the Berkeley
faculty and student body in commemor
ation of the day on which the univer
sity's charter was granted. The exercises,
Which usually consist of speeches by
members of the faculty and student body,
will be modified this year under the di
rection of President Kellogg in order to
make the event of greater academic im
portance. Presiuent Kellogg reserved a
place on the programme for an address
by some celebrated public speaker. The
Invitation to deliver this address was ex
tended to President Harper, who in a let
ter just received by President Kellogg,
announces that he will come to California
toward the end of March and will be pres
ent at the university's charter day cele
bration.
AN OWNER FOR THE ARM.
Ed Williams, a Medical Student,
Clears Up the Mystery.
ALAMEDA, Feb. I.— The mystery of the
amputated arm found Sunday in an empty
boxcar at West Alameda was in a
measure cleared away to-day. Edward
Williams, a medical student, residing on
Encinal avenue, stated to Deputy Coroner
Fowler that the grewsome bones were
his property and had been stolen from
him on the narrow-gauge train last Satur
day night. He exhibited a receipt show
ing that he had purchased and paid for
the human fragments at a medical col
lege in San Francisco.
Williams said he brought the uncanny
parcel from San Francisco last Saturday
night. When he boarded the train at the
pier he put the bundle on the seat beside
him. Just after passing Pacific uvenue
station he noticed that it had disappered.
He demanded possession of the amputated
arm, but Deputy Corner Fowler referred
him to Coroner Mehrmann.
Harmonic Hall Politics.
ALAMEDA, Feb. I.— The Harmonic Hall
party met this evening and adopted a
platform favoring the present saloon
license. Increased school facilities, a new
city charter, a tax rate not exceeding $1
and against granting a franchise to a
garbage crematory. The following pre
liminary nominations were made: City
Trustees— Alexander Mackie, H. G. Mehr
tens. Daniel Hicks, Frank Hally; Board
of Education— J. B. Lanktree, Dr. T. B.
Key, C. L. Tisdale, Dr. E. M. Keys;
Libra ry Trustees— R. Hi Magill Sr., P. W.
Barton; Attorney— E. K. Taylor, Captain
M. W. Simpson; Clerk— C. J. Lancaster,
Ben Lamborn; Assessor— A. G. Burns,
George Sturtevant: Treasurer— Linwood
Palmer, Oswald Lubbock, R. G. Wheeler;
Marshal— L. H. Transue, F. Bremer, W.
A. Gunn, Charles M. Day, Louis
Schroeder, John Conrad.
The Meter Leaked.
ALAMEDA, Feb. I.— J. Agnews. local
metercnnn of the Oakland Gas, Light and
Heat Company, was severely burned
about the face and hands this morning
by an explosion of gas on the premises of
A. L. Fisher, 2418 Encinal avenue. The
meter at the place was leaking, and not
thinking that a great amount of gas had
escaped, Agnew crawled under the build
ing and lighted a match. Instantly there
was an explosion that startled the neigh
borhood and dazed the meterman. With
much difficulty he extricated himself from
his perilous position and was taken to his
home in Oakland. His injuries are ex
tremely painful but not serious.
Another Narrow Gauge Accident.
ALAMEDA, Feb. I.— There was another
slight accident on the narrow-gauge line
this morning, but fortunately no one T#as
injured. Engine 15. attached to the Los
Gatos train, broke a side rod just after
leaving Newark. The train was Under
considerable headway, and the broken rod
tore out part of the' under section of the
cab before the engine was brought to a
standstill. All the woodwork beneath the
engineer's position was splintered, but
both men on the engine escaped without
a scratch.
Water Heater Explodes.
ALAMEDA, Feb. I.— The hot water
boiler in the residence of Lord Alfred
Scott. Encinal avenue and Court street,
exploded this morning with great force,
wrecking the celling of the kitchen and
deluging the ceiling of the room with
scalding water. No one was in the apart
ment at the time. The top of the water
heater had parted from the rivets that
held it to the boiler and was found in
the attic of the house, having been blown
through the ceiling. Mr. Scott does not
know how to account for the accident.
James Hogan Missing.
OAKLAND. Feb. I.— James Hogan of
Sixth street has been missing since last
Friday and his family fear that he has
met with foul play. At any rate they do
not believe that he is absent of his own
free will. No reason is assigned for his
disappearance.
He Is Now Sergeant Bush.
As predicted in yesterday's Call Police
man Charles P. Bush was promoted to
be sergeant yesterday to fill the vacancy
caused by the promotion of Sergeant
Nash to a lleutenantcy. Bush, who is a
native of Wellington, New Zealand, but
came to this city when 8 years old, was
appointed to the force on May 15, 1878.
He has been under Captain Spillane and
bears the reputation of being a brave
and efficient officer. He has been as
signed to Captain Wittman's division.
MIDWEEK NOTES OF
PLAYS AND MUSIC
Frank Daniels and his clever company
are still a strong attraction at the Co
lumbia in "The Idol's Eye." The Daniels
season closes with Saturday night's per
formance. The new week brings Louis
James, Frederick Warde and Kathryn
Kidder in a revival of the classics. "The
School for Scandal" is the bill for Monday
night's opening. "Othello" and "Mac
beth" will also be given during the first
week. The sale of seats for the season
opens this morning.
Broadhurst's lively farce, "Why Smith
Left Home," with Mrs. Annie Yeamans
and Maclyn Arbuckle in the cast, contin
ues this week and next at the California.
The stock company at the Alcazar is
devoting the week to "Peaceful Valley,"
a unique comedy, made famous by Sol
Smith Russell. "A Bad Lot" follows.
"La Perichole," one of the brightest of
Offenbach's comic operas, is enjoying a
clever production at the hands of the
Tivoli company. Oscar Weil's "Suzette,"
as fine a bit of comic opera writing as
has ever been done In this country, will be
revived next week.
Headed by Milton and Dolly Nobles in
"Why Walker Reformed," the Orpheum
is offering an unusually attractive vaude
ville programme. t
Carreno, a woman pianiste of Interna
tional fame, will play in the Metropolitan
Temple on Monday and Wednesday even
ings and Saturday afternoon of next
week.
Another amateur Amazon march will be
the feature of to-night's programme at
the Chutes.
Mme. Agnes Fried, assisted by Miss
Hilda Newman and Giulio Minetti, will
give her second concert on Saturday aft
ernoon in Sherman & Clay Hall.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. H. G. de Watt of Fresno is at the
Grand.
Dr. W. S. Adams of Palo Alto is at the
Occidental.
J. D. Carr of Salinas is a guest at the
Occidental.
H. Block, a druggist of Los Angeles, is
at the Grand.
H. C. Terry, a rancher of Clayton, Cal.,
is at the Lick.
Dr. Grant S. Hicks of Tacoma is a guest
at the Palace.
S. Summerfield, a merchant from Reno,
is at the Grand.
Mrs. C. S. Cochrane of Seattle is a guest
at the California.
Dr. F. S. Taylor and wife of Los Ange
les are at the Lick.
L. L. Wilson of Boston arrived at the
Occidental yesterday.
H. Silver, a banker of Los Angeles, is
registered at the Palace.
C. H. Cox, a banker from Madera, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
Thomas R. Moore, a miner from Brit
ish Columbia, is at the Palace.
Dr. J. L. Dewey and wife of Lakevlew,
Or., are guests at the Grahd.
Mr. and Mrs. Chester Thorn and family
from Tacoma are at the Palace.
George S. Loughead and J. Miller of
Sydney, Australia, are at the Russ.
A. B. Barrow and wife and family of
Nelson, B. C, are at the California.
C. M. Hartley, who has a fruit farm
near Vacavllle, is a guest at the Grand.
J. H. Martin, the well-known cattle man
of Woodland, is one of the arrivals at the
Russ.
G. T. Poole and wife of London, Eng
land, were among the arrivals at the Lick
yesterday.
Eugene S. Watson and wife of Redding
arrived at the Palace yesterday and have
taken apartments.
S. Ewell, a prominent merchant of
Marysville, is at the California, accom
panied by his wife.
Mrs. F. McLaughlin and her daughter.
Miss Agnes McLaughlin, came up from
Santa Cruz yesterday and took apart
ments at the Palace.
R. H. Johnson, assistant claim agent of
the Chicago and Northwestern Railway
Company, arrived from Chicago last
night and registered at the Occidental.
Thomas P. Burns, cashier of the Sub
treasury in this city, left here this morn
ing on his way to Philadelphia to parti
cipate in the work of the Assay Commis
sion, to which position he was appointed
by President McKlnley. After disposing
of his official duties in the Quaker City
Mr. Burns will make a tour of other East
' crn cities on pleasure. He will be absent
i about two months.
Melville Marx of the theatrical firm of
Gottlob, Marx & Gottlob, will leave for
New Orleans to-morrow to be present at
j the Mardi Gras festival. From there he
; will go to New York to close negotiations
for the production of Frohman's latest
successes by the pick of his companies in
this city. He will also close contracts for
the appearance at the Columbia Theater
of Hall Caine's "The Christian," which
has created a furor in the East, and for
many other strong attractions.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Feb. I.— E. Bidwell of San
Francisco Is at the Cosmopolitan. F. B.
Sadler and wife of San Francisco are at
I the Plaza. J. C. Stubbs of San Francisco
is at the Windsor. R. S. McDougal of Los
Angeles is at the Netherlands.
Bacon Place Case Dismissed.
The first of the cases of the women on
BaCon place charged with vagrancy was
concluded before a jury In Judge Gra
ham's court yesterday afternoon, and the
jury after being out for about half an
hour brought in a verdict of not guilty.
The defendant was Marcelle Delorde.
Attorney Lennon in his argument for the
prosecution scored the police and Judge
Conlan, while Attorney Ach for the de
fendant administered a severe verbal cas
tigation to Secretary Kane of the Pacific
Coast Society for the Suppression of Vice.
Just before Ach rose to address the jury
Kane left the courtroom.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A M Le Baron, Cal ;C Cadman, Pinole
R W Skinner, Cal H A Keller, S Bdno
W T Frazler, Cal 11 J Devlin, Benicia
J W Scott, S Cruz J H Mlllzner, Tucson
J D McGilvray, Denver J W de Back, Cal
F L Woody, Va W M Dean & w, Cal
F B Glenn, Jaclnto X H Plate, S Jose
J B Sanford, Uklah Dr J S Dewey&w. Cal
Miss Montgomery, Cal B F Allison, Ohio
3 R Todd, Sacto Q X Webb. York Pa
J P Edwards, ,S Jose O L Bigbee, Cal
A Anderson, Seattle A T Full. R I
J T Klnny, Cal Mrs Branan, Portland
W E Chase, Chicago Mrs Thoman, Taeoma
J M Toole, Rossland Frank Curtis, N V
C G Bonner, Fresno R M Straus, Ariz
G H Albon, Ohio R M Drake, city
T W Patterson, Fresno A Bybee. Indianapolis
Mrs Greely, Marysville Benj P Parker, Cal
W McCullough&w, Cal M V Brown, Cal
C H Curtis & w. Or Mrs Hlnz & dau. Cal
Miss E M Bradley. Cal Y7 Jones & w, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Q A Long, Md iT R More, B C
F Holndorf, NY |G E Burgesser & w. 11l
J C Edgar, Sn Quentln A L Bonney, New York
H V Morehous-e, S JoseC C McCrillis, N V
E W Chapman, Sacto M McGowan. N V -
J C Sims, Sacto JUG Peterson, S Rosa
"W F Maggard, Sacto IMlas Peterson S Rosa
H Allen. Berlin G de Szllassy & w. DC
W L Moore & w, Minn G T Clark, Illinois
C H Unverzagt, Md IF O Williams, Illinois
E A Erd, Chicago J E Fls.hburn, Los Ane
P W Murphy. Chicago GH Clarke. Chicago
D Springer. Chicago O P Jenkins. Stanford
C Thome & w, Taeoma Mrs J O Moss, Ohio
E S Watson & w, Cal J McFadden, Sta \na
Dr G S Hicks, Taeoma L A Crane, Sta Cruz
E H Cox, Madera '8 N Rucker, San Jose
M L Barmore & w,NY Mrs F McLaughlln Cal
W G Paine. Spokane Miss McLaughlin 'cal
H Silver, Los Ang B D Murphy, San Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D Porter, St Louis M C Fowler, Jackson
J F Peterson, Rd Blu«T J D Harris, Riverside
C Hansen. Redding P Maxwell, Caltstojra
M Selllnger. Sacto R W Davis. Sta Rosa
W W Jones, Marynville Mrs B Roscoe, Placervl
J McGovern, Hollister J L Morton, Los Ang
J SpofTord. Boston ,H Dlxon, Fresno
B T Flint, Oregon IV Please & w, Chicago
M McWhorter, Ls Ang'J Horan, Stockton
J Slayton, San Jose J
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb I— Stmr Majestic,
from Liverpool.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526^ Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
reets; open until 9 o'clock.
• MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. ■
M.. will meet THIS fTHURSDAY) _|V_
EVENING, Feb. 2, at 7:30. o'clock. %jt
Stated Meeting and Third Degree. By/^r
order or the Master. .
. ■ FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary. . ;
DORIC lodge. No. 216, F. and . A.- M.— _.
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _J^_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. I_X
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary. lV >
PACIFIC Lodge No. 165, I. O. O. <_— a_«v
F.— There will be an initiation on _&__£__
THURSDAY EVENING, Feb. 2, "igSSHgS?
1899. It Is necessary that all mem- '. "' "Vr.
bers attend. Visiting brothers cordially in-
vited. • JOHN STEVENSON, N. G.
DR. F. D. ASHWORTH.Rec. Sec.
FRANCO-AMERICAINE Lodge .s_pi__>
No. 207. I. O. O. F., will meet at 4___K__
Odd Fellows' Hall. THURSDAY ~^SSP^^
EVENING. February 2. Inltia- . . -" 7 'i»*> ■
tlon. Members of sister lodges are invited to
attend. E. BLANQUIE. N. G.
A. GOUSTIAUX, Rec. Sec. . '
NOTICE of annual meeting.— annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San FrancUro
and San Mateo Electric Railway Co. will be
. held at the office of the company, at 327
Market, on the 14th day of February, at 11 |
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of I
Directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
for the transaction -of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
____• W. CLAYTON, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of .the
Sierra Railway .- Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company, num-
bers 235, 236. 237 and 238 Crocker Building.
City and County of San Francisco, State of
California, on MONDAY, the 13th day of
February. 1899, at the | hour of ; 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing directors
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before said
meeting.
Dated January 28, 1899. ■;>•*"■";'
JOHN M. BONNER, Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco will be held at ! the office of the
company In the Union Trust Company's build-
ing, corner Montgomery. Post and Market
streets, -. San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY,
the sixth day of February, 1898, at the hour
of 2 o'clock p. m., lor the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the amendment of the by-laws of
the compan'- and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
THE TRESTLE BOARD, $1 per year; • .
weekly, 6c; monthly, 10c; sold by all ____
newsdealers. Office, 408 California St., jKjf
San Francisco. /^r '
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
SPECIAL NOTICES. .
NOTICE is hereby given that FRANK B. GIB- -
SON is no longer In the employ of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. All communications must
be addressed to the association.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 6530.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
SITUATIONS RANTED—
LADIES desiring first-class help of all nation-
alities can secure same by calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ; phone
Grant 120.
COMPETENT woman desires situation as nurse
to Invalid or children; best reference; sleep
home. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GIRLS of all nationalities awaiting situations
at MRS. BIRD'S, 631 Larkin St.; telephone .
Sutter 62. :-..-■ ...:.•.•.. -..,.:•■, ■_•■-. *...■,:-, fe •
GERMAN American cook, best of city refer-
ence, desires a situation. J. F. CKOSETT
CO., 316 Sutter st. ' .
AMERICAN lady of refinement desires posi-
. tion as managing housekeeper, matron of a
-club or first-class rooming-house; references.
Call or address MRS. BENTON, 407 Taylor.
PENNSYLVANIA woman, elderly, wishes
housework In small family; good plain cook;
moderate wages; not afraid of work; city or
Oakland. Mrs. R. R. 1104 Mission st.
COMPETENT Eastern woman, Is a good cook
and will do some washing; is neat and oblig-
ing and has good references; wants a situa-
tion; city or country. 206 Fifth st. •
FIRST-CLASS woman' in every respect wishes
to do laundry work. and housecleanlng by the
day; tx;st references. MRS. MELROSE, 3367
Twenty-sixth St., near Mission.
COMPETENT sick nurse, not trained, but with
1 long experience and best of references, would
work in city or country; price moderate. Call
1024 Howard st., room 3.
YOUNG lady will give $5 for room, and will |
act as companion to lady or assist for board
morning and evening; central; no car fare.
Box 1831.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work; city or country; good cook. 203 Turk st.
WANTED — By a competent woman a situation
to do general housework; is a good cook. Ap-
. ply for 2 days at 560 Mission st. ; no postals.
EXPERIENCED Swedish girl wants second
work in a. private family; wages $20 to $25.
9 Bowie aye., off Eleventh st.
WANTED by respectable girl— Place to care
for cln.d and assist. L., 1908 Sutter st. ■
AMERICAN girl wishes situation to do second
work and sew. Box 1836, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing. iron-
ing, cleaning. 1579 Fifteenth St.. nr. Mission.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
housework, cook, wash and iron; moderate
wages; no objection to short distance in the
country. Call 651% Howard st. ■
GERMAN girl wishes a place In an American
• family to do cooKing or general housework.
' Apply from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m., 2169 Fifteenth
St., bet.;Noe and Sanchez."
' SWEDISH girl, 3 months in America, wishes
situation in small American family to do
general housework. Call »1 Oak St., corner
Franklin. " .
A SITUATION -wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with sewing or up-
stairs work; good references. 589 O'Farrell st.
RELIABLE young I woman wishes . a situation
to-do second work in private family; wages
. $20 to $25. 690 McAllister st. No postals.
GOOD 'reader desires a position with an . in-
valid or a blind person, to read by the day
or hour. Address box 1840, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires a situation; will do
small washing; city or country; best of ref- 1
erences. Addres box 1710, Call "office.
SITUATION wanted by woman who Is a good
plain cook; no objection to the country. Q.
W., box 1375, Call cilice.
GERMAN lady wishes work by. day or week.
10Vi Auburn, bet. Pacific and Jackson, Mason
and Taylor. ■ .
COLORED woman wishes day's work of any
kind,. or office cleaning. Address 19"^ Church
aye., near Powell st., off Broadway.
AN experienced stenographer and typewriter
desires legal, architectural, contracting an*
_ letter work. Address 412 Examiner building.
EXPERIENCED German , nurse in confine-
ments and other sickness -desires engage-
ments; references. Address M. H.. 633 Post.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. '
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS j hotel cooks, hotel bakers and
pastry cooks, stewards,' waiters, porters and
ether help can be obtained on short • notice
by applying to J. F. CROSSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st. . ;. •
FARM,' dairy orchard and vineyard hands can
• .be had ■on ■ short notice free of chaSee at C
R. HANSEN &■ CO.. 104 Geary st. ; phone :
Grant 185. .. , ■ '
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel Grant 56
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
best help. 4 _ M H_ O'Farrell ■ st. ; ___, East '■ 438.'
RESPECTABLE young," Swiss, .speaking Ger-
. man and English, desires a . position in a
, private family, hotel or lodging house; willing
to do any Job around the house; understands
the/care horses. ' Call or address A. T 664
Castro st. -.•■- ••; '.•. -. ■ : ••■.—«
JAPANESE young man wants a . position as
•school boy or housework. M. . SUGA 711
Stockton St.. room 7. ' '. . - ' v
YOUNG man, ' trained nurse, wishes position-
i r §Sr«.°<?al l i n bttte? U1: :10 yearB ' " — '
SITUATIONS WANTED — Continued.
MA>TTnd^wlfe~wish situations as cooks; un-
derstand meats and pastry; in Institution or
small hotel; good references. Call or address
J. M' GO WAN, 225 Minna st.
YOUNG man (33), desiring steady employment,
would be willing to Invest a few hundred
dollars with a reliable firm if necessary'- Ad-
dress box 1832, Call office.
BARKEEPER wishes position; first-class; good
mixer: age. 29. LINDER, 4 Post st. Court,
near Larkin.
BARTENDER; North German: 24; first-class
lunch cook: reliable and willins- 207 Mont-
gomery aye., room 12.
JAPANESE reliable good cook wants a situa-
tion to do housework In family; city; has
good references. J. GRANT, 463 Jessie st.
A YOUNG man (Swede) wishes place: care of
horses or private family. Address 208 East St.
COMPETENT steward open for engagement;
local references. Address nox 1, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER with many years' experience
and good references wants position. Address
box 1539, Call office.
WANTED— Position by practical experienced
gardener; city or country. Address W. C,
2307 Post st.
NURSE and companion (experienced man)
would undertake- the care of invalid; terms
moderate. Address box 1543. Call office.
CARPENTER wishes to work In shop; $2 day
in steady place; city or country. 2010 Leaven-
worth st.
POSITION by respectable young man, with
good references: considerable experience with,
creamery plants; anything of respectable na-
ture will do. Address H. F., 523 Folsom St.
ENGINEER. 30 years of age; strong and ac-
tive; repairing, pipe fitting and putting up
of all kinds of machinery; first-class refer-
ences. Box 1742, Call office.
YOUNG man with busineps education wishes
employment in some wholesale house or of-
fice; has experience In liquor business. Box
1740, Call office.
CAPABLE gardener; life experience In all
branches; references. Address H. 8., bo* 17J7,
Call oflfce.
YOUNG German butcher, with 3 years' ex-
perience, wishes a steady position. Box 1747,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED porter, handy around horses,
also with tools, desires position. 8., box
1372, Call.
YOUNG man, able to correspond In English,
French and German, and speaks Russian, de-
sires to improve his position. Address ROUS-
SEAU. 686 Castro st.
GARDENER, English, single, 38. life experi-
ence, wishes situation as gardener or under
gardener on private place; first-class vege-
table grower, etc. Box 1667, Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman wants a situation in an
American family; wages no object; wants to
perfect himself in the English language. Ad-
dress A. C_ 843 Pacific st.
WINCHESTER house, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $1 50 to U
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
STEADY young man wishes position in store;
speaks English and French. 232S California
HELP WA-WTKD — F_3(AL_.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5548
WANT TO-DAY
Strong young woman, laundry work, plain
hotel, $25; young girl, chamberwork and wash
dishes, $4 week; waitresses, different country
hotels, $20; girls for housework, country
places, $15 and $2n.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636_C1 ay ■_.__
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant _5
7 wa:tresses, different country hotels, $20 and
$22 su; 4 waitresses, city, $20; 2 arm wait-
resses, $20; Eastern woman cook, country
hotel, no bread or pastry, $25; restaurant
cook, city, $25; 2 chambermaids. Southern
California. $20; 2 chamberniiiids. to wait, $-'0;
plain laundress, Swedish, to wash and iron
for resort hotel, $25; flam laundress, city
hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
GERMAN or Swedish huusegirl for very nice
place, $22 50: cook. city. $25; French second
girl, $25; and many more cooks and house
Eirls for city and country, $15 to $25; young
girls to assist. $1U and $12. C. R. HANSEN'
& CO., 104 Geary st.
RANCH cook, $15; chamberwork and waiting.
$20; housework, Bakersfield $20, Cloverdale $15
to $20; nursegirl, $10; 2 laundresses, $25 each.
MIS.S CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK, sleep home, $15; neat girl, light
housework, Alameda, $15; neat girl, light
housework, $15. city; light housework, Oak-
land, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 GIRLS, housework. Belvedere, $25 each;
nurse, $25; 2 second girls, $15 and $20; French
nurse, $20 to $25: housework, Reno, $20; woman
to assist In kitchen. $15; 6 hotel waitresses,
$20 and $25 per month; 12 housework girls,
city and country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
HEAD waitress, $25; 6 waitresses hotels and
restaurants $20 and $6 week: boarding house
cook, $25; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
NU_tSH invalid, $20, see lady here at 2 p. m.
to-day; 3 second girls, $20; 5 cooks in Ameri-
can and German families, $25 and $30; wait-
ress, must cut and fit, $25; 2 laundresses and
chambermaids, $25; and girls for housework
in city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
WANTKIi -Cooks, chambermaids, nurse girls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin st.
WANTED — Girl to do office work; no experi-
ence necessary; chtography must be of high
order; dls»osltion methodical. Address box
1533. Cal_
WANTED— A girl to assist with housework and
care of child (4 years): 2 in family; flat;
wages $S. 1248 Waller st.
GOOD hands on vests. 641!£ Stevenson st.
GIRL for housework; no children. 1802 O'Far-
r.-ll st. _ "
STRONG neat girl for gen. housework and
help with children; $15 to $20; ref. 1467 Fulton.
YOUNG girl for general housework; Swedish
preferred. 226 Lily aye.; Haight cars.
YOUNG girl to assist in cooking and house-
work. 736 Union st.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist in restau-
rant at 1127 Sutter sr.
WANTED— A woman to help in kitchen. Ca^
830 Howard st.
WANTED— First-class hands on ladles' shirt
waists. FRANCIS, 704 _sut__r St.
GIRL wanted to do general housework; refer-
ence required. 1309 Vi Golden Gate aye.
TOUNG lady for show business on the road.
Apply room 14, 34 Sixth st.
FOR SALE— A good paying vest making busi-
ness, suitable for lady; centrally located. Ad-
dress box 1654. Call.
WANTED— Experienced operators to sew oa
men's shirts and underwear; a few inexperi-
enced will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
and 2 p. tn. at the L. ELKUS CO.. 29-31 Bat.
tery st.
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshirts;
a few inexperienced hands tatcen and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont St.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
shirts. GREENEBAUM, WEIL, _ MICH-
ELS, 531 Mission st.
GOOD home for girl 15 or 16 years of age; small
wages; no washing or cooking. 197S Union st.
GOOD reliable girl who can do plain cooking,
for Merced City. 202 Second st.
GERMAN girl for bakery and assist In light
housework; $8. Bakery, 22d and Dolores sts.
HELP WANTED — MALJ-W
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY
Stableman, private $25 and found
Gardener, Scotchman ....$25 to $30 and found
Farmer and wife. No. 1 job $35 and found
10 woodchoppers $3 cord
15 tie makers Be, 9c and 12c each
12 laborers $175 a a} -
-3 milkers, different jobs. s2s and $20 and found
9 farm hands, different places
8 tunnel header men.., $2 50 day
MURRAY tk READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
wages $8. 1248 Waller st.
MACHINIST for a sawmill company, middle-
aged man, $55 and found; sheetiron worker,
%2 SO day; locksmith, city; blacksmith's
helper, $40. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Claj ft.
S COOKS for hotels, restaurants, saloons and
ranches. $su. $40, $30 and $20 and found.
5 waiters 4 dishwashers
_MJ£RRAYjfc READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & C 0... Phone Grant US
French chef for large country hotel. $125; one
with experience in large Eastern hotels pre-
ferred; railroad camp cook, $40; pot washer for
springs. $20; vegetable man for sprint;
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
ATC. R. HANSSN A co.'s... .Phone Ch
Gang of railroad laborers and teamsters,
. ship to-day..
5 header men, railroad tunnel, $2" 50 a day...
Gang of v oodgmen and laborers for the
woods, see party here
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NURSERYM.iN; good greenhouse man, with
references: country; $35 and found. C. R
HANSEN ti CO., 104 Geary st.
COLORED I sad waiter for large country hotel,
by the 15t:i of the month; Eastern man pre-
ferred. C R- HANSEN ft CO, 104 Geary st.
COLORED head waiter and 5 waiters fnr flrst-
class hot. I: see party at our office this fore-
_JK>on. c. H. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AVAITER for private stand: country hotel; $30.
C. R. HANSENj, CO., 104 Ceary st.
COLORED waiter; hotel: city;~lSo C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary gc' i ]:■'■[[ -HELP WANTED— Continued.
.WANTED— 2 miners. $40 and board: laborers
■ "'''. and .choppers for mine: man-about*place, $20
••{itov.JSo and found; farmer and wife. $32 5o;
:-' cook' -and wife. 150; restaurant porter, $15;
-:'-fancti- cook. $15; restaurant waiter, $10 week;
- ; ' HP* i.'thcrs. Apply to .1. F. CROSETT & CO.,
•.. -/eiSvifacramemo st.
■ '.■wUnTED— Night waitrr, (8 a week; waiter,
-. ■ .-:'s3t>/- cook, $50; night cook, $10 a week; Uish-
' .- ivalshe'r, $25; French barkeeper, etc. AN-
•* s ".JWJj'S. lIS Stockton st.
'..'STABLEMAN, private place, country, $25; 2
'!■ Laborers, oity. $26 and board. R. T. WARD
. •■&-CO.. 605 Clay st.
V>'A>'TED— Young man about 2 1 ) years old, as
assistant bill clerk; must write good hand
and be accurate at figure*. Address box 1830,
Oall.
W. XT ED — Steady man: light, genteel cash
.business; must be satisfied with $18 per week i
.■and have $150 cash. 1032 Market, room 4.
WANTED— Steady man to attend office work in
■■•• commission house; good pay; must have $150
cash. Apply National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
.WANTED— Good | reaser on pants; young man
V . preferred. 560 Fourth St.
MEN or women: steady pleasant home work;
■good-M-ages. 331 Kearny St., room IS.
PANJSMAKER for country. Apply REISS
■ BROS., 24 Sutter St. .
OPERATOR on vests wanted. 64Ub Stevenson. ■
GO.O"D milker; must understand running cream
••separator. Apply at 241 Seventh st. •
COOK at 303 East st. . wages $8 a week.
WANTED— Cabinet maker and French polisher;
light work. Box IS3S, Call.
GOOD tailor. PG3 Minna St.; steady work.
WANTED— mineral water bottler;
alto good mineral water (salesman to sell and
deliver. 218 McAllister st
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rlne Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or these who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
arfer and habits and able to speak, read and '
write English, and be between 5 feet 6 Inches
and 6 fe*t In height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
looms. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
."irWELERS, 32S Bosh St.. room 4, third floor.
HEX' and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 13SVa Eighth st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764 1 - Mission
st.. men to take rooms; 10c, lie and 25c per
night: 60c, tOe and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; $10
and 112. 1542 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; ' free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1184.
YOUNG men. seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
for ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Bteuart s^
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
s.'leing. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard St.
ii-ARBERS" Association Free Employment Of-
Kca, .S. FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.
TRY Undell House. Birth and Howard BtS. ;
'" thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c. night. ;
vf>IS'.GLE rooms, 15c, 20c, !5c per night; 7.v. $1
. If, to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, S63H Market st. j
■'•■'WANTED— To collect wan* due laborers and i
■•-•". clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at i
■/..'.LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson. |
:;EI?JG] ' furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
• .room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
>/<T*hr Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
-.-■ ".;■'■ 'fur/a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
' ■ . HESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
'■'. ket; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room: free
' bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
APEXTS WASTED.
"THE Philippine Islands," by Ramon Reyes
■ '■*■'. ' Lala a native of Manila; nearly 200 lllustra-
i •' 'tlcng; beautiful colored maps; comprehensive;
• '• interesting: authoritative: write for agency.
••'•CONTINENTAL PUBLISHING CO., Dept.
''••>..tTV 2^' 25 Park place. New York; by subscrlp-
- -;'-: : tion, only.
:;-;v" ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
V. : FURNISHED living rooms; gas stove; $12 to
;■ .$.15: Twentieth to Twenty-ninth St., Mission.
'...;•"" Address J., 2526 Mission st.
i : \ ':<: . WAN i'E D— MISCELLAX EO US.
'■', ,i; WANT a good second-hand upright piano;
.' •'■• will pay cash: state price, name and condl-
• '.'-■ tion. Box ISS4, this ...
■ PARTIES having second-hand Union. Regan or
•■ Pacific gasoline engine, 2-horse power, for
■.sale, address, stating condition and cash !
. price, W. H. McKENNAN. Bolinas. Marin !
Co.. Cal. i
■:—_: EDUCATIONAL.
■ EN^GINEEmNGSchooI, civil and mining; as-
. ■ saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., mm'-
■' • era logy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
•'"ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
"; '■ Etruction. mechanical drawing, mathematics.
" •; BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
..•-..^shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
.".■ teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
■. ./ HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
• ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
• • .hand and Typewriting School; court reporter I
' 17 years, pupils qualified to be court reporters;
■ tern reasonable; special evening speed class.
■ •'• Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
"ATRES' Business College, 723 Market st.
'hand, typing, bookkepping. telegraphy.
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life.
■■ scholarship, $G0: low rates per week and mo.
•^.ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
■"". Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day,
■ : evening. BAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
•-■ .1236 Market st.
•;. ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, 'mech. survey, assay, archit. : day & eve.;
;■-•• j.est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. Ml Market.
. FRENCH. Spanish, etc.: Prof. De Filippe's
v .^.Academy of Languages. 320 Post: ablest profs. j
:• 6.TART right and the end is in sight. Prof.
■Merkl, violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
•MIPS GUADALUPE VALLEJO. teacher of
••• languages. 1514 California st.
PIAKO. cine and elocution lessons. Mme.
:'• •• Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st.
• FlifeNCH. Spanish, etc.; Prof. De Flllppe's
■• Academy of Languages, 320 Post.; <?st. 1871.
KEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
: taught: short time. Tarr. T. 72 Parrott bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 rac». In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
l fer; full set of teeth. $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings. 50c; teeth without plates a specialty.
 written guarantee for ten years given on all
■work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Mcdern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— work at
lowest prices; full set of teeth, $5 up; fillings,
25c up: all work absolutely painless; written
•■• ran tee; painless extraction by electricity
" our specialty; ten skilled operators; no stu-
d ents; the largest and handsomest dental par-
■ lors west of Chicago; open evenings and all
■ day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
• A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
t*»th without plate*, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 60c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, '-■' O'Farrell St., ex-
. tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
■ .TT'I.UM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
■ SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
.. YOUNG. IMI POlk st.
POLTON Dental Association. 806 Market St.
. 'DR. CHARLES W r . DECKER.
PARIS Dental Parlor*. 235 Kearny; set of teeth
: $4: filling, gold. 50c; silver. 25c; crowns, $1
V T CARLE.- CLEANING.
C^T^^SteanT^Carpet-clearilng Works—
. moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
•■■ 38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone. South SO. .
• •••'WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
■•" *end to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
..-. beating Work?. 353-357 Tehama st ; tel.. S. 40.
' 1 (5N*B rallfornia Carpet Cleaning Co.,
.Stevenson St.: ""'•■ South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS '•leaned fit 3c per yard; laid at So.
• •. ,-PTRATTON'B. 3 Eighth St.; tel., Jessie 944.
MITCHELL! Carpet-cleaning Co.. 24? 14th
. , Ft.; cleaning, tc per yard: tel.. Mission 74.
• -CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 233 Golden
■Gate aye.: tel.. East 126.
SEWING MACHINES.
•••rM^NTHLYT rented: repaired, bought sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: Phone Mint 45.
ALL~kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
impairing at lowest rates. 20-' Fourth St.
STORAGE. ~~Z3
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Olflcc 401 Post et., cor. Powell; tel.. Main 5718.
BISINESS CHANCES.
A— s7so cor. grocery and bar on Laguna st. ;
living rooms; low rent; good paying; cause
of sale, disagreement of partners. WILKE
\ UNFUG, MS Market St. '
A— s2ooo; BAKERY; Western Addition; kept by
i-wner for 15 years; 3 wagons; 6 horses; bak-
ing 7 barrels per day; the leading and best-
paylnj bakery in this city. Full particulars
of WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market St.
A-$750; SALOON; 1 block from Chronicle build- I
ing; splendid business; rent $50; fixtures and
stock worth $1500; partners to dissolve cause I
of sale. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— s4oo; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; kept j
by owner & years; 1 block from City Hall; i
rent $20. WILKE & UNFUG. 806 Market St.
A— ssooo; SHOE store and factory; established
years; clearing $300 per month; large stock,
good fixtures; 7 hands employed. Particulars
<>f WILKE Ac UNFUG. SO6 Market st.
A— ll2oo— RAREST chance; a private dispen-
sary and gallery of anatomy: the oldest es-
tablished In California: disease of men ex-
clusively; receipts of 1898, $4131; museum of
wax figures; reason for selling, a broken-
down, nervous system. Full particulars.
WILKE & UNFUG. .90S Market st.
A— KREDO & CO ;..22H Geary st
Real Estate and Business Chances.
$1000— Restaurant; near Market; $60 dally.
$400-French restaurant; Market St.; $20 dally.
$20i'»t— Rnadhnuse; near city; 20 rooms.
$250— Saloon and cardrooms; $10 to $20 daily.
$150-Saloon; H interest; fine fixtures; piano.
A— S2OO; GROCERY and bar: $10 dally; %-alue In
stock; a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary et.
A— s4so cor. grocery and bar; 4 living rooms, I
furniture included; rent, cheap; is well worth
1800; must be sold at once. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$1750— HOTEL and bar of 35 rooms; near ferry;
present owner there for 20 years; house full
of boarders and roomers; large transient
trade. M. LESS, 765 Market Bt.
SEE these bargains— Saloon, fine location, clears
i $7.*. mo. $450; partner wanted; hardware, $300 I
invested in business; saloon and 12 furnished '
rms., nil rented. $500. We buy, sell, exchange I
any business. RELIABLE AGENCY, 41 3d St. |
HOME bakery: oven: range; established;
location. RELIABLE A.OSNCT, 41 M st.
$4 r 'o- RESTAURANT on Market; all first-class
trade; sickness cause of sale; investigation
Invited. JON HP. 886 Market.
I $350- BLACKSMITH, wheelwright paint shop;
estab. 20 years; doing good business; owner
! wishes to retire: rent $3. JONES, 865 Market.
BRANCH bakery and home kitchen; 3 nice
living rooms: fine place $250
Grocery and bar, including furniture and
piano; must sell: death in family 650
Cigar stand; transfer corner; snap 100
WINSTON & CO.. 546 Market st.
i PARTY with $1000 cash wants to buy Interest
In good paying business. Address or call on j
SCHOTTLER i- CO.. 632 Market St.
EXPRESS business; double team. SCHOT-
R ,\ en .. m Market st.
$1 . aALOON; bargain this day. McLAUGH-
T.IN A CO., 777 Market St.
$700— HOTEL: paying business; leaving city
cause of sale. McLAUOHLIN, 777 Market st.
$350- PARTNERSHIP in best paying restaur-
ant In city; meals 15c to 50c: each guaran-
teed $100 monthly. MOON, 100SH Market st.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO., 100SH Market st.
}: PARTNER wanted In an old-established
restaurant; will pay $50 each per month; also
a 1356 restaurant, north side of Market st.
N I-OEWENSTEIN, 34 Kearny. rms. 10 & 11.
1 ALASKA BUSINESS CHANCES.
A splendid opportunity for a few persons with
' some capital In a secure enterprise; persons
who are not averse to work preferred. Box
1645. Call office.
i $200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
Eteady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week;
no experience required. WESTERN INVEST-
MENT C 0... 9 Geary st.
FOR sale — Saloons, groceries, cigar stores, res-
taurants, cheap. National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
RESORT In Golden Gate; bargain; near race
track. BUNCE. 008 Broadway, Oakland.
SALOON; good paying; situated in wholesale
district. Apply 701 Vallejo St.. room 2.
FOR sale— Barber shop; 2 chairs. 621 Sacra-
mento st.
$1000— INTEREST in corporation; established,
honorable business; guarantee $50 per month
Income on investment, or permanent employ-
ment If party Investing is fairly educated.
1842. Call office.
EXCELLENT opportunity— Half interest In
planing mill In the most prosperous interior
city in the State; good chance for any one
with little cash to invest: practical mlllman
preferred. Address box 1873. Call office.
WANTED— Partner with $6000 capital to Invest
In a strictly legitimate business, paying JOO
per cent per annum: open to satisfactory in-
vestigation; principals only. Box 1588, Call.
MERCHANDISE store Stocks of any descrip-
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY. 226 Bush st.
j FOR SAIvE— A good paying route on this pa-
j per- Address box B, Call Branch Office, 357
Hayes st.
WANTED— Partner In plumbing and tinning
business. Box 1382, Call office.
WANTED to buy— A small grocery store for
cash. Address box 137«. Call office.
Pi IRK and delicacy store; one block from
Market. Box 1374. Call office. |
CIGAR stand for sale cheap. 501 Kearny
street.
LODGrNG-HOUSE, 9 rooms; sell or exchange
for business. See landlady at 1055 Market st.
FINE saloon for sale; low rent. Apply at Call
office.
WILL buy bakery and coffee saloon In good
location. Box 1R27, Call office^
FOR Sale— A bargnln; first-class grocery store \
in Mission district ; cash; about $1000. Apply ;
at TILLMANN & BENDEL, 313-327 Battery. ■
FOR Sale— Cheap; a branch bakery and dairy
produce store. Apply 707 Devisadero St., be-
tween Fulton and Grove.
$225— FOR sale; nicely fitted up restaurant in
g^od location; doing good business; cheap
rent; no agents. 248 Ellis st.
! $75— GOOD paying restaurant; fine chance;
imift sell on account of sickness. 835 Howard.
3-CHAIR barber shop, on account of death.
For particulars apply 14^4 Market Ft.
£75— COAL yard: .2 horses, 2 wagons; buggy;
fair business. 783V4 Market st.
$150— SALOON and 4 living rooms; going to
Alaska: cheap. 833 Howard St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from QBO.
W. CABWELL & CO.'S. 416 Sacramento St.
| CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A-3tREDb"& CO 22H Geary. st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
100 rooms; c.ears $250 month $4,000
30 rooms; Kearny; mostly offices S.2^o
21 room*: best on Mission st 1,200
14 rooms; O'Farreil; best transient 500
11 rooms; well furnished; rent. $20 225
10 rooms; Bush; good for milliner 550 |
10 rooms; Powell; clears $50 600
10 rooms; Taylor; rent only $35 275
And others. Call and get list. _ KREPO.
A^s6oo; POST St.; boarding and lodging; good
locality; 2 baths; 9 rooms; piano Included.
A— slsoo; N. of Market; 30 rooms; central;
clears $150.
A--J1500; 35 rooms; near Orpheum; transient;
A— s2ooo; 30 rooms; O'Farreil St.: clears $150.
A— s2oo; 1" rooms; Mission st. : a bargain.
a $&00; 70 rooms; corner: clears $125.
A. M. SPECK ft CO., 6«7 Market »t._
A— NOTICE; 2«*o lodging houses for sale cheap;
part cash. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
MISSION pt., 544 A. — Eight-rm. house for sale
. heap; full of steady roomer*; rent, $20.
yr- rooms kitchen and bath; weH tOrntStt-
ed. 339 Busli Bt. ; apply 242 Kearny.
$35(w-8-ROOM house; sunny corner; well fur-
nished; rooms all filled. 182 Turk st.
ROOMING house, 28 rooms: cheap: paying well;
good reason for selling. 420 Sixth st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 6-room flat, romDlete; also
beautiful range, price $125: sacrificed on ac-
count of departure. 915Vfe Mission st.
Pi'rjTiTURE- of 5 rooms. Call at 205 Dia-
mond St.. near Nineteenth.
HORSES.
40~HORSE8 for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse "Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— Fine laundry; bakers'; milk wagons;
2 hacks; 3 buggies; 2 extra fine delivery
wagons; cheap. 82S Harrison st.
100 SET second-hand harness | wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horse?. 1140 JToUom St
TYI'tC WRITERS.
All typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used lor sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER A C0..J10 Jlontgomery.
A HAMMOND $25; Callgraph. $15: Yost. $1S;
get sample work. SCOTT. US Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS.
RE»loT'AL~Notlce3.Dr. C. C. aDonnell, offic*
and residence. 1021 Vi Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE seven rooms and bath, $25 and also
stable. 1403 Stelner.
• HOUSES to let for the New Tear by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
PERRY, 212 M-— Bay-window house, 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water, free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated.
$37— 12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms,
i 29 Oak St., near Market. Apply 15 Grant aye.
KIRMMIKII HOI SES TO LET.
i 8 ROOMS, partly furnished; modern; 2533 Mis-
sion. Apply room 24, Flood building.
I-, . —
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEAT COTTAGE^
Rent only ?15. Rent only $15.
Five rooms and bath; Chattanooga, nr. "3d.
H. MURPHY, G3G Market st.
FLATS TO LET.
CALL AND SEE" 1 '"~6ux"New~6fnce~a't
A. M. SPECK & CO. I 667 Market, cor. Third.
NICE FLATS. | NICE FLATS.
Jr.; G5O Jeesle $9i6r.; 1105 Page $17
6r.; 250 Tehama 8 6r.;132S Hayes 18
4r.; 2020 Golden Gate 11 7 r.; 213 Polk 2S
5 r. ; 537 Alabama 10 1 5 r. ; 223 Grant aye... 25
6 r. ; 1007 Castro 12|6r. ; W6 Powell 25
6 r. ; 720 Montg. aye. 15 7 r. : 2214 Fillmore.... 20 i
10 to 30 days free. 10 to 30 days free.
A. M. SPECK & CO. i 667 Market, cor. Third.
A— Nob Hill, opp. Bella Vista Hotel; 5 and 6
rooms; bath; $16 to $21 50. Terrace. 920 Pine.
I EDDY, 1375—4 sunny rooms; close to all car-
lines; rent low; make an offer.
FIFTEENTH, 2156— Modern sunny 6-room flat,
bath: large yard; basement: rent reduced to
$17; north of Market St.; take Castro cars;
key corner grocery.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
1 McAllister. 635— Nice sunny upper flat; 7
j rooms and bath; rent $25.
j MODERN fiat; 4 rooms and bath; cheap. Cor-
! ner Eddy and Scott sts.
NICE comfortable 3-room flat; newly papered.
110H Fell st., near Van Ness aye.
PAGE, 41n2, near Webster— r> and 6 large sunny
rooms; bath, storeroom: rent reasonable.
STEVENSON, 4Z7, between Fifth and Sixth— i
convenient flats. Apply rear or 705 Oak st.
$12—291 SHIPLEY, near Sixth; flat, 6 rooms,
bath, folding dcors, gas, mantel.
HAVES. 339— Branch office of ~The~Call. Sub-
tcriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH, 1203— Three small rooms for housekeep-
ing, and bath; $12.
CLAY, 2419. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms: yard: water: rear; $7.
ELEVENTH. 120—2 or 3 sunny front rooms:
furnished neatly for housekeeping; Tl3 50 to
$17 80.
FIFTH. 3.'i3— 2 parlors, kitchen and bath, $20;
also 2, $12; single, $5 and $6.
FIRST, 305, above Folsom— Only $8; upper part
of house; 3 rooms; in good order.
GEARY, 1917— 520; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms; bath; 2 beds; coal and gas stoves; all
necessaries.
HOWARD, 650— Front room and kitchen; fur-
nished for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 829— 2 rooms, housekeeping, $3;
single, $1 75; also other rooms.
HOWARD, 732—3 large basement rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
HOWARD, 917— Two nice housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 953i£ — Large front bay-window
room, $2 50 per week; bath.
LARKIN, So4— Sunny bedroom and kitchen,
furnished for housekeeping; yard; $9.
MISSION. S6B— Two 2-room suites; kitchen for
each; sunny; complete for housekeeping.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Front sunny hkpg
1 rooms, $1 25 up: single rooms, 10c up.
OCTAVIA, 507, nr. Hayes— Back and front par-
lor, kitchen and dining room; bay-window
rooms; rent $18; second flat; sun all day; no
.hlldren.
1 SECOND, 247— Furnished and unfurnished hkpg.
rooms; also single, new and clean, cheap.
SIXTH. 216"— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
also light housekpg and single; reasonable.
1 ; SIXTH, 420— Sunny front housekeeping rooms;
1 [ running water, bath, etc. ; reasonable.
1 STEVENSON, 403, cor. Fifth— Housekeeping
rooms, nicely furnished, complete; cheap;
home privileges.
SUTTER, 1111 — Comfortably furnished rooms
single or en suite: also housekeeping.
TURK, 543— Fine larpe front room; furnished
complete for housekeeping: gas: bath; $10.
WASHINGTON. 620— Housekeeping rooms, new-
ly papered; $5 per month.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-claaa
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 60 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c.
AT Geary. 14A— Clean rooms, with good beds;
day, week or month; $1 per week.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites.
■Ingle; facing plasa; day or monttt.
BALBOA. The— lO49A Market St.— Suites. $15
per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator; tel.
BRANNAN, 725. above Sixth— 3 nice unfur-
nished rooms, $7; also 2 rooms, $5.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth st.. corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single. 25c to 41 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT, 1364 Market St.— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 616—1 large front room and single
rooms; sunny; rent reasonable; bath.
ELLIS, 635, nr. Larkln— Large, pleasant fur-
nished rm; stationary wash basin; reasonable.
FIFTH. 109— New management; nicely furnished
rms and offices; suites or single; $1 25 wk up.
FIFTH, 309— New house. 1 or 2 sunny corner
bay-window rooms, with kitchen; housekeep-
ing; suitable for 2 or 4 adults; worth seeing.
GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny front and back
parlor; hot. cold water; piano; other rooms.
GOLDEN West Lodging House, 439 Jackson St..
bet. Montgomory and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
15c and 20c per day; $1 per wk., $3 per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms;, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to M per week.
MASON, 511— Single sunny room; gas; bath;
also double room; private family.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1142— Furnished, large, sunny; $1
■*eek, $3 per month.
MISSION. 1220— Pleasant, sunny alcove room,
newly furnished for 2; running water, grate.
O'FARRELL. 20— Kunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL. 327— Single rooms; well furnish-
ed; $5 and $«.
O'FARRELL St., 923, near Van Ness— Nicely
furnished sunny rooms; gas, bath, running
water; reasonable.
OLIVE aye., 127— 512 60; 4 unfurnished rooms.
PINE. 514 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
RITCH, 204 14. near Bryant— 2 sunny furnished
front rooms to let cheap.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st..
near Market- Furnished and unfurnished.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH 634— Newly furnished sunny suites and
tingle rooms, with or without board; reason-
able.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rocms; ex-
cellent. board: reasonable: table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD boarded: no other children; $6 per
month. Box 1835.
WIDOW would board small child or. Infant. 2655
Ran Jose ay. : fake cars cemetery line out 14th.
STORES TO LET.
A LARGE store and four living rooms, yard
and shed. 537 Howard.
PACIFIC. 328. near Sansome— A handsome
Inrge store; to let very cheap.
OFFICES TO LET.
A BUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 Market St.. cor. Golden Gats.
""stables to let.
It STALLS; can also be used for other pur-
poses. Inquire 410 Bay st.
PERSONALS.
AT LINCOLN BROS, you can buy; IS lbs gran-
ulated sugar, $1; hams. 7c lb: butter. 30c roll;
8 lbs coffee, $1 ; corn, $1 doz. ; tomatoes. 9"c
doz.; 10 lbs beans. LT.c; cheese. 10c lb; flour,
85*8 Pk. ; cornmeal. 20c fk. ; oatmeal, 35c sk. ;
condensed milk, JI doz.; 20 lbs cornstarch, $1;
20 lbs rice, $1; 25 lbs prune*, peaches, pears
and raisins. «1. LINCOLN BROS., cash gro-
cers, 226 Sixth street, above Folsom.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
FOLDING beds $8 50: bedrm. sets $S; bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA hair tonic is used by
all the nrst-claes hairdressers on this coast.
G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st
LEDERER does the most artistic halrdressing;
always the latest styles; fine pompadour hair
rolls, only 35c; switches. $1; fine. $2 50; FOAMO
shampoo, nc pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
THE liarmcnlc Vibrator, the great curative in- :
ventlon; face wrinkles positively removed;
chronic diseases successfully treated: tests
free; pprrd for circulars. Harmonic Life Col-
lege and Sanitarium, 236 Powell st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney-at-Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Bend for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third ft., near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC barrboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tall; all kinds fancy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI & CO., 313 Sutter st.
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture, Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company. 507 Larkln st.
Pacific Matrimonial Agency. 110 Ellis, does
largest business; gives best results; details free.
A— Ladles', gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st. .
BATHS 12% c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies. 34 Foufth st.. nr. Market.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st.. AlameSa.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING psjr. -illy ladies" and children's;
highest price: postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKER..
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School. 103 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dress made. $5 to $6: dress made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME.GOLDBTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE and Assistance for All.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 and upward.
Reveals your life from cradle to grave,
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," rigistered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and n?i-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
the has made are the talk of the whole slope.
• Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWB,
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market. Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
see the best: tells everything; valuable in-
formation given to users of morphine; 5 Ques-
tions by mall $1. LEANDER. 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister. Come skeptics.^
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. J p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. tS3 Valencia st.
MRS. MENA FRAWCES. Independent slate
writing mpdlum. 11* Hnleht st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^MRiTDRTFT CLARK, permanently located
In Ban Francisco at 1023% Market St.. bet
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec- I
tlcns, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits; will j
give correct Information on law suits, slck-
ne*F. death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. PR. F. CLARK. 10»tt Mkt.
GYrsY life leader, of s 7th st., now 92s Mis-
I slon; best palmist In the city; 25c and 50c.
I MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay: 25c.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st., parlor 3.
IwME~RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice- names given: 25c up. X Fourth st.
MRP B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office nt 31 E O'Fnrrpll.
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
FUTURE events, 60o; send date, hour, blrth-
place. PROF. MONROE. 1129 Howard st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $t
cash and $6 per mr.nth, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
' In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY &. CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter I
Fts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
A TOW BARGAINS LEFT
Hallett & Cumston; good for practice $55 1
Seitz; fine condition 145
Fischer; thoroughly repaired 160 j
Sterling: fine order 175 !
Knabe; a bargain. Six dollar payments; guar-
anteed 5 years. BEN.I. CURTAZ & SON,
• ■nickering Agents, 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
NEW pianos rented, $3 per mo. SCOTT-CUR-
TEZ PIANO co. Self-playing piano (30
tunes). 860 Hayes at.
THE best bargains in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
A— UPRIGHTS, J69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 EIIIb.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. RCHMITZ. 1«
McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
ioHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Role Agent. 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Poet st.
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
FTTKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash registers,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es- '
tlmates given. J. SCHWERDT, S2l Mission.
FOR 'sale— Thoroughbred Great Dane Queen
oiga; winnings, first novice Ran Jose, 189S, and
second limit San Francisco, 1888, $15: would
exchange for ladles' wheel. Cleveland. Ram- ;
hler, good condition. B. BYRON, 2254 Buena !
Vista, Alameda.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
LARGE safe for sale, suitable for any busi- v
ness. 617 Washington.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting dynamos;
second-hand. WHITE'S. gH^t-OQ Mission.
LADY'S 14 karat gold filled, full jeweled watch
for $10; cost $21. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
FOR belting, pump cups, laco leather, pulleys,
etc., Cal. Rflt Co.; tet. Br. 331. 510 Mission.
A N*o. 1 new wagon and harness for sale
cheap. 2594 Twenty-third St.. near Alabama.
LICK HAL commission paid by L. EPSTEIN^
C4S Mission St., for the information of second-
hand tools and machinery that Is for sale.
BAFKB— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st. . |
SAFES— Bargains In new and secondhand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap.
HUFBCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. |
, CITY REAL ESTATE.
NEW PROPERTY LISTED FOR KALE DUR-
, . ING THE MONTH OF JANUARY.
'" Broadway, near Leavenworth st. ; rent
$32 50; improvements consist, of., 3 flats of 4;
i rooms each. .
$2500— Sanchez St., near Market; lot , 24x80.
with cottage of 5 v rooms and bath. '■■•••
$6200— Oak St., near Webster; 2 flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath each; lot 27:6x75; rent $45.
$3500— Near the corner of Haight and Baker
sts.; cottage of 6 rooms and bath; large lot
and stable.
, $15.500— Prominent Haight-st. corner; large
corner lot £6x75; improvements consist of store
and flats; rent $120. . .- • .
$12.500— Rent $108; modern stores and flats on
the best portion of Fifteenth st. ; extra large
lot, 60x110. . ,
$2200— Clement Bt., near Fifth aye.; modern
bay-window cottage. 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
j 100; stable in the rear.
$4200— corner lot 50x85 on , Mission st. ;
improvements 1-story building containing store
and rooms in rear.,
• $7000— Folsom St., near Sixth; lot 37:6x90; 2
houses of 7 rooms each; rent $50.
$14,000— Front-st. , corner I lot. : 30x70, with 2-
story brick building containing store and loft
above; 1 tenant; rent $75.
$3500— Great bargain; rent. $40; extra large lot,
33:9x50, with 2-story and basement building con-
taining stable and 2 flats above of 5 rooms each;
mortgage for over $2000 can remain. . ;
$3500— Fourth aye., near California st. ; brand-
new cottage, 5 rooms and bath and a stable for
2 horses; lot 25x120. . •'..■"-
-$3500— the corner of California and Fill-
more sts.; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x
85. . -
$5200— Shot well-st. corner; store and flat above
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x95.
$5500 — 2 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath each- on Lyon st, near McAllister; lot 25x
100; rent $45; mortgage of $3500 can remain.
$5200— Shotwell st, between 23d and 24th; ex-
tra large lot, with 2-story -house of 10 rooms
and bath; arranged for 2 families.
' $9000— Rent $S7 50; new corner building, con-
taining 3 flats of 6, 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each, on Lyon st.
. $1850— Texas St.. near.lStM; lot 25x100, with
cottage of 5 rooms and bath.
$1700— Dolores St., near 28th; lot 25x100. with
cottage of 4 rooms and bath, with driveway to
rear of lot. • ; . '- ...'.: .■;.■
$4500— Baker St.. near Sacramento; cottage of
6 rooms, and bath; lot 25:6x102:6.
Walnut st, near Clay; 2-story attic and
basement house of 12 rooms; lot 25x87:6; there
is a large mortgage on this property and it
must be sold at once. . :
$40,000— 8 per cent; 1 tenant's lease has
7 years to run; good investment in the. whole-
sale district, near Mission St.; lot 45:10x137:6,
with 2-story brick building.
$2800— 19 th st., near Noe; lot 25x114; rent $26;
2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms each. .
— Mason St., near Jackson; 2-story brick
residence of 12 rooms; also flat of 6 rooms In
rear; extra large lot, 35x137:6.
$16,000— Rent $117; Polk-st. business property:
3-story building containing store and 2 modern
flats of 8 and 9 rooms each.
$7200— Rent $60; business property on promi-
nent street in Western Addition; handsome 2-
story building; contains store and flat of 6
rooms and bath; this is a very desirable piece
of property and the improvements are new. .
$8000— Offer wanted: rent $75: California St..
between Baker arid Lyon; lot 25x137:6; 2 hand-
some flats of 7 rooms, etc., each; always rented;
splendid investment. ■
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
MISSION warm belt: $2800: house. of 6 rooms,
bath, etc. : a splendid neighborhood. Inquire
at 77 Cumberland st, bet. 19th and 20th. »
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEORGE M. SALSBURY. builder,
521 X St.. Sunset district. ■ .
$1000— $10 MONTHLY; neat cottage home: near
■ Folsom-st. cars; street and sewer completed;
bargain. P. A. DOLAN, 40 Montgomery, r. 7.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St.. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
• every ;. comfort; • satisfaction guaranteed by
.MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St.. between
"Hyde and Larkln. ■■
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Daviee,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 .years' practice; safe and quick cure guar- :
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
, avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else ■ fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
- etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: node-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
d ential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
• pills, $1; very strong,- $2. • '
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at. office. $5; travelers helped in-
' stantly; home for patient? separate from of-
' flee; consultation free . and strictly confiden-
tial: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market St., between Mason and
Taylor. . ■ * •
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
' treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time, and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. 1023H Market st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure at any time when
others have failed; Instant relief for trav-
elers; home in confinement; best care; con-
sultation free, confidential; every case guaran-
teed. MRS. DR. WYETH, removed from Turk
to 916 Post St.. between Hyde and Larkln.
LADlES— Chlcheeter's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; Fend 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
NEW process sent for female troubles: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or Instruments used; con-
■ sultation free; pills and capsules, $1; cure, $5.
By the well-known ladies physician for 27
• yearn. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny st. ._j_
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Dra. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure, $5. Removed from 401 D Van:
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall »v.
ALLmarried ladles know "Seguro," the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X st, Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden- Gate-
ave.; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'R French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D.: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, CjU. •
PRIVATE hospital: best references: trained
nurses; home comforts. 204 San Jose aye.;
telephone White 481. _^
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $s up.
PRIVATE hospital, $5 per week and upward.
 Address telephone Blue 1143. .
MRS. M. E. ROGERS— Prlvat" home in con-
•. finement; midwife; 25 yrs. ex;>»r. 929 Howard.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 15S Second st. : tel. Green 52.
. _ . lost! ™
LARGE tan-colored dog, half mastiff: liberal
reward for return or information leading to
recovery. 151 Berry st. .
SILVER watch on Scotch Hill: return and re-
ceive reward. 806 Eighteenth, Potrero Market.
LOST— Pearl scarf pin. Reward. at 820 Mar-
. ket st •.:■..■■ . ■ .• .
I JAPANESE pug dog; wide between eyes; long
I tongue, hanging to left side of mouth: an-
swers to "Patsy." Return to 154 Russ st.
and receive reward.
$50 REWARD— January 9. near Native
Sons' Hall, a diamond star. Apply 310 San-
... some st. ; - 7 / ■
• PARTY who ■ found papers j and called at 422
. Sacramento St., call and receive liberal re-
if'!. " ■
.." 7. . . :-.• FOUND. . ,
FOUND — and. buggy on j Mission road,
near Colma. John Bracken,' Greenleaf saloon.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ;"-'V; ; "
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. * G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce, laws, private estates. J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister st. room 64.
ADVICE free; no.charge unless ; successful. W.
. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st .-;, . ;. :
ALL private law" cases, bankruptcy, 'collection; !
; free advice; open ergs. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma ' Spreckels building, 927
I '.Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
. : CITY , REAL ESTATE. . ;,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
' HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. '
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY. ".
Branch Office on Ninth Aye.. near H st. ;
$400, $450, $500 to $800 each; street graded, lot*
ready to build on; $25 down, $5 monthly.
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. . Agents on the ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 to $800.
1 $100 to $300: lots near Misslon-st. electric
cars; ready to build on:' *10 down. $5 monthly.
. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
, ".. MISSION COTTAGES
....... ON BITUMINIZED STREET
I $2200— Five and six room cottages....
$2250— Four-room cottage *
$2400— Six-room cottage .•
$2800— Five-room cottage .'
• $3200— Eight-room: two-story...
New modern houses with every convenience
on the sunny side Twentieth St.. between
Castro and Noe sts: lots 25x125: small cash
payment, bal. monthly. . F. NELSON, builder.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 17 acres, with cottage, j
■ barn, orchard; 7 miles west of Redwood City,
San Mateo Co. Apply to owner, 1236 Market I
st., room 73, 11 to 12 a. m.
NEW rich land near city; small and "large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 famlles; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of JS97-1898' address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
FOR SALE Country home of F. S. Wensin-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner .on premises,- Freestone, Sonoma Co.
RICH land, near bay: fruit, grain or hogs;
bargain. S.. box 1639, Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible, respect-
able and reliable: loans . tide on diamonds.
Jewels, stocks, bonds and all articles of value;
lowest interest; private entrance and room;
" perfect secrecy; phone Brown 323; our own
building; established 1851. UNi_E HAR-
RH!, 15 Grant aye.
LOANS' on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alaraeda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Misson St.. . above
Sixth; telephone South 14. .
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. I Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; tel. Main 1644.
$50 TO $100,000 at cut rates; estates in probate,
Ist, 2d or chattel mortgages; undivided Inter-
ests estates. P. A. Dolan, 40 Montgomery, r. 7.
BORROW money on - your salary, Indorsed
paper or life insurance policy; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. Third and Jessie.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003^ Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell' st.
ANY- amount of 6 1 * per cent on real estate, 2d
. and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro- :
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no com-
', mission; lowest interest. Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
LOANS to salaried people; any proposition
considered. C. G. Taylor, Chronicle bldg.. r. 78.
A. M. Speck & Co., 602 Market, loan on estates,
city real estate, furniture, etc., rents, etc.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
Oi* furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 to $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. T»r-de.n. 413 Montgomery st
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— borrow $1,800 on improved real
estate worth five times the amount; title per-
fect. Address A. box 1829. Call. .
~~~ FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Kreiger. 312 Examiner Bg.
NOTES discounted: loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$600— A POOR man's chance to own a home; s-
room cottage, lot 33x100; 10 minutes' walk to
local train; 3 blocks east- of San Pablo aye.
cable (shortly to be changed to modern elec-
tric) railway; terms to suit. R. J. . MONT-
GOMERY, 470 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
$20 CASH, $5 monthly until paid for, a single
cottage and lot, 43.40x200; price $200, all told;
fine climate: Al soil; grand view; no fogs
nor cold winds; streets all graded; some
macadamized; city water; fine drainage; 3-
story school and 3 electric car lines near;
50 families now have homes: Allendale Set-
tlement, East Oakland. 2 blocks from a 90-
-foot boulevard. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh St., cor. Broadway, H. Z. JONES,
.owner.
NEW AND COMPLETE.
Handsome home, modern in design and ar-
rangement, complete in every detail; four
sleeping rooms; frontage 42x100: best location
In town; 3 minutes to local station: price, im-
provements at cost; lot at a present times
figure; your own terms of payment.
HERON & HOLCOMB, 1050 Broadway.
$850 — New house of 5 rooms; lot 30x100:
1 block from car line; good location; forced
.sale. '.;'•■';,■ s >, ; ;-^J-' ; .;■-
-$4BOO, reduced from $7000— cottage. 9
rooms; .lot 80x150; corner; choice shrubbery,
greenhouse, etc.; few blocks from Senator Per-
kins' place: all modern and first-class. E. E.
BUNCE, 908 Broadway. Oakland.
$12 TO $16— Five and fix room flats In East Oak-
land; convenient to cars; choice location;
modern. P. H. WELCH & CO.. 1383 sth aye.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITJRE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old *tore. 41R Kl«v«nth «t. See him.
ALAMEDA " ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2230— modern cottage; 5 rooms; at Chest-
nut-st. station.
$2500— Cottage; 6 rooms; large lot; north
side Santa Clara aye.
$2000—2 acres at Fruitvale, with 5-room cot-
tage. i ' • : . -
5 acres at Fruitvale for sale or exchange
for San Francisco property.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda: houses
built on terms to suit; property exchanged,
sold or rented: office open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st., Alameda. ■
FOR sale— 6oc on the dollar; one 5, one 6 and
one 7 room cottage: also. for investment, two
■ 2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent; best
location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR., Web-
ster-st. Station, narrow gauge.
$950— MODERN cottage. 4 rooms; lot.' 25x125;
street work, etc., all complete; Grand-it, sta-
tion. ■■• - ..
$1700— Modern cottage, 5 rooms: lot "26x125;
good location: near station; easy terms.
$1800— greatest bargain in' Alameda; lot 50x150;
house of « room*; choice part of Central aye.;
cash.
Elegant corner. 44x150: ' new. modern
bouse of 8 rooms; terms $300 .cash; balance $25
per month; this is a snap. . ■ -
. Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
- H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park St.
BERKELEY ' REAL. ESTATE.
$1750— HOUSE of 5 rooms; large lot:- street
work all done: electric cars pass the doors; -a
bargain. Apply to JOS. J. MASON, . Real
Estate, Berkeley. ' :
' . Berkeley" houses.
BERKELEY home— B rooms and bath; nicely
furnished; fine view; near University; rent
low to desirable parties. Address owner,
DAKIN. 2321. Vine st., Berkeley. . -
____________
PROPOSALS.
SEALED proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the Lighthouse Inspector, i San Fran-
cisco. Cal., until 12 o'clock m., March 1, 1899,
and then opened, for furnishing and deliver-
ing fuel . for vessels and stations in the
Twelfth Lighthouse District for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1900, in accordance with
specifications, copies of which, with blank
proposals and other information, may be had
■ upon application to U. SEBREE,- Commander,
V. S. N. '.■■ ■■■ :"■ .... ' -.- ■ -■ ■ ,
SEALED proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the Lighthouse Inspector, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock m.. March 1, 1899,
and then opened, for furnishing and deliver-
; ing provisions for vessels and stations in the
Twelfth Llshthouse District for the fiscal
. year ending June 30.. 1900. In accordance . with
fpeclflcationß. conies of which, with blank
' proposals and other Information,' may be had
upon application to U. SEBREE, Commander,
■. U. 8. N. -.. - ■ .- . ... >
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Frank Tosa and Mt<lie A. Chelinl..... 28-22
H. Moller and Catharine C. Foldgaard. '...29-27
F. E. Nouguier and Constance Lagier.. 35-26
i^rnest Clayton and Annie McCabe... 30-28
George B. Preston and Ida B. Reid ...25-24
James Monteith and Pauline K1ewe.. ...... 32-16 !
Patrick Kujawa and Matilda O'Neal 29-2S
E. P. Jvorwood and Adeline Greenwald... .2B-26
"IMPJARRIAGES-DEATHS,
• B i , rth j 1 , rnarrlag:e and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DAVIS— In Oakland. February 1, 1899, to the
wife of Samuel Davis, a daughter.
IBURG— In this city, January 29. 1899, to the
wife of H. E. Iburg, a daughter.
KLEE— In this city. January 26. 1899, to the
wife of Louis Klee. a daughter.
-— __________ _
DIED.
Bistrup, Hans W. Leisen. Isabel L.
Castle. John G. Linden, David J.
Daly,. Nellie F. • Mahon, John
.. Doherty, James J. Marshall. Hannah
I Dowd. Rose A. Martin. Captain John
i . Fleming, Frederick O'Connor. Mary M.
; Gibot, Anthony Oester, Bertha
i Hayes, John • ' Reynolds, Thomas H.
I Hodge, Alice Rlckards, Mrs. M. J.
[ Helm, William D. Simpson, David L.
Hoz. Herman « Straus. Emanuel
Hughes, Harry M. Witt, Anne A. H.
BISTRUP— In this city, February 1. 1599, Hans
W.. beloved husband of Marie Bistrup, a na-
tive of Norway, aged 61 years 8 months and
21 days. Member of Golden Gate Lodge No.
3, K. of P.,- and Verein Eihtracht.
CASTLE— this city, John G., beloved hus-
band of Mary E. Castle, and father of John
Henry Castle, a native- of Binghampton. N.
: V.. aged 66 years and 8 months.
DALY— In this city, January 31, 1899, at her
■ residence, 302 Green street, Nellie F.. beloved
daughter of the late Michael and Katherine
Daly, and sister of Nora, Agnes and the late
Elizabeth Daly, a native of San Francisco.
G_?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this' day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 302 Green street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a high requiem . mass
will be paid for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
Y. L. I.— Young Ladies' Institute No. 7: Mem-
bers are hereby notified to attend the funeral
of our deceased sister, Nellie Daly, this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
resilience. 302 Green street.
MAY STEIN, President.
MRS. W. E. BOWES, Rec. Sec.
DOHERTY— In Reno, Nev., January 30, 1899,
James J. Doherty, a native of Hunter, Greene
County, N. Y. A member of G. A. R., Reno,
Nev. (East Boston papers please copy.)
[pTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street. Remains at the parlors of the Gant- ;
ncr & Guntz Undertaking Company, 8 and
•10 City Hall square. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery-
DOWD— In this city, January 31, 1899. Rose
Ann Dowd, beloved sister of Hugh Dowd and
Mrs. Annie Warner, a native of County An-
trim, Ireland, aged 41 years.
(T-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
■ (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her brother, 41 Minna street, thence
to St. Brendan's Church for services at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FLEMING— In this city, January 31. :599.
Frederick P., beloved son of Mrs. H. J. and
the late Bartholomew Fleming, a native of
San Francisco.
ET'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2212 Webster street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment
private in Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GIBOT— In this city, February 1. 1899, Anthony
; Gfbot. a native of France, aged 75 years. ,
HAVES— In this city, January 31, 1899. John,
. dearly beloved husband of Mrs. Hayes, and
father of William C, Eugene, James F.,
John and May Ella Hayes, a native of the
parish of Ballaheeda. County Cork, Ireland,
aged 65 years 7 months and 9 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing narlors of Valente. Marini & Co., 1524
Stockton street, near Union, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, corner of Broadway and
Van Ness avenue, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock,
thence to Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HODGE— In this city, February 1, 1599, Alice,
dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. Fannie
Hodge and Charles Hodge, and sister of John.
Mamie, Nellie and Ada Hodge, Mrs. Lizzie
Berto- and Ernest Berto. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 15 years and 6 months.
HELM— San Lorenzo, February 1. 1899, Wil-
liam D.. beloved husband of Mary C. Helm,
and father of Dorothea, William, George.
Robert, Walter. Lilly and Charlie Helm, a
native of Hanover. Germany.
B_7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Union Church,
San Lorenzo. Interment San Lorenzo Ceme-
tery.
HOZ— In this city, January 31. 1899, Herman
Hoz, a native of Constanz, Baden, Germany,
aged 47 years.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
! HUGHES— In the City and County Hospital,
February 1, 1899, ■ Harry Morgan Hughes, a
native of California, aged 3S years.
LEISEN— In Santa Rosa, January 30, 1899, Isa-
bel Louise, dearly beloved daughter of Wil-
liam C. and Jennie Leisen. and granddaughter
of Mr. and Mrs. F. Leisen of San Francisco,
aged 8 days. . .-
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her grandparents, 1015 Lombard street.
LINDEN— In this city, February 1, 1899. David
J., third son of David and Sarah M. Linden.
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years and
2 months.
MAHON— In the City and County Hospital,
- February 1, 1599, John Mahon, a native of
Canada, aged 43 years.
MARSHALL— In this city, February 1. 1899,
Hannah, beloved wife of the late Thomas
Marshall, and mother of John and George
Marshall, a native of Leeds, England, aged
73 years and 10 months.
B_7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city, January 31, 1899, Cap-
tain John H. Martin, a native of Ohio, aged '
58 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city, January 31. 1899, Mary
M., dearly beloved daughter of Maggie and
the late Jeremiah O'Connor, loving sister of
Katie O'Connor, and niece of John and Jere-
miah Cronln, a native of San Francisco.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OESTER— In this city, January 31. 1899, Bertha,
beloved daughter of Ellse Oester. a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years and 1 month.
r FriendB are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of her aunt. Mrs.
L. Dettmann, 109 Webster street. Interment
private.
REYNOLDS— In this city, January 30. 1599,
Thomas Harris Reynolds, a native of Buffalo,.
N. V., aged 58 years 3 months and 6 days. .
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday),' at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, corner
of Stockton and Geary streets.
RICKARDS— In this city, January 30, 1599, Mrs.
M J. Rlckards, beloved mother of William
J ,' Albert and Carlton Rlckards and Mrs. W.
J. Gray, a native of England.
ItT Funeral services will be held this day
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 42 Diamond street. Interment Cypress
. Lawn Cemetery, by train leaving Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets at 11:40 o'clock.
SIMPSON— this city, January 30, 1899, David
L Jr., eldest and dearly beloved son of
David L. and Emma J. Simpson, and brother
of Gertrude and Fred Simpson, a native of
Arcata. Humbodlt County, Cal.. aged 24
years. ■ ■ ■' ■ ■
■ irjrFriends and acquaintances can view the
remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1209 Mission ■ street, up to 10 o'clock a. m.
Friday. February 3. Interment Arcata. Hum-
' boldt " County/ Cal.
STRAUS —In this city, February . 1. 1899,
' Emanuel Straus, beloved father of Mrs. Isi-
dore Jacobs, Mrs. Henry Jacobs, Mrs. Samuel
Bissinger and Edgar J. Straus of Sydney,
Australia, a native of Germany, aged 76
years and 6 months. ■ ■•'■'■■
C_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, . from his late resi-
'. dence, 2018 Webster street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
WITT— In this city, February 1, 1899, Anne A.
H dearly beloved and only child- of Claus '
- H. and Augusta P. C. Witt, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years and 3 months.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 13 Valparaiso street, off Ma-
. son, between Filbert and Greenwich. Inter-
ment I. O. O- F. Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
• " (Successor* to ' Flanagan A ■ Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND E_BA_"H_L
'SO Fifth at., opposite Lincoln i»_o_
. Telephone South 80. . ... .
1112
TEACHERS BEGIN
TOE FIGHT FOR
REINSTATEMENT
A Preliminary Meet
ing Yesterday.
FORMER EDUCATORS COMBINE
COMPLICATIONS OF THE SAL
ARY PROBLEM.
Litigation and Confusion Will Neces
sarily :ollow in the Path of
Reform in the School De
partment.
The School Department is once
more in a condition of comparative peace.
The transfers and general changes or
dered under the scheme of reorganiza
tion have been carried into effect. AH of
the later acts of the last Board of Edu
cation, with the exception of those relat
ing- to vice prlnclpalstrips, have been nulli
fied. The l.iard has dismissed forty-four
teachers from the department and has
placed thirty-one more on the uhassigned
list without pay. In all 135 changes have
been made in transfers, degradations and
dismissals. The Board of Education gives
its promise that not the slightest tinge of
favoritism Will mar Its future action. The
changes that have already been made are
exclusively upon a chronological basis.
Favorites have been ignored and teachers
have had all an equal show.
The board now declares that future
promotions In the department will be
made absolutely upon a chronological
basis. The name and the date of each
substitute and unassigned teacher are
public property. When promotions are
announced the public will be able to de
termine for itself whether or not the
board keeps its promise and promotes
teachers according to the date of their
appointment to the board.
Teachers that have been dismissed will
fight in the courts for reinstatement.
Many that were degraded in rank will
also institute legal proceedings to recover
the positions taken from them.
A preliminary meeting of deposed
teachers was held yesterday afternoon at j
the Longworth Hotel, 532 Geary street. It <
was determined by those present to test i
the authority of the Board of Education ;
in court. Great reliance will be placed in l
the decision of the Supreme Court in the I
Kennedy case. Efforts will also be made I
to establish the contention that the last i
meetings of the last Board of Education |
were legal. At these meetings many reg- !
ular teachers were elected. This election |
has been set aside by the present board j
and the courts will be asked to decide the !
issue.
When teachers were called upon yester
day to give up their classes many refused i
to do so. This step was taken simply to
gain the technical advantage of legal" re- i
Blstance to the action of the board. !
When the cases are heard In court note
of this fact will be made and considered. ;
The salary problem in the department is |
still one of extreme complication. The I
School Directors cannot legally reduce
the salaries of teachers regularly em
ployed. This obstacle has been overcome,
however, by withholding from each
teacher a certain percentage of her sal
ary. The money thus withheld will never.
In all probability, be repaid and will rep
resent a practical reduction in salary.
Rumors have been afloat that the board
Intends to retain 20 per cent of all sal- !
aries for the rest of the fiscal year. This, i
however, is not at present the intention
of the board. It Is expected that salaries
for this month will be paid in full.
At the next meeting of the board the
scheme of retrenchment and reform will
be carried still further. Useless vice princi
pals will be removed and a considerable
saving; effected. It is not likely that sew
ing teachers will be disturbed, although
the rule of economy may result in the
abolition of the department of sewing
After these changes have all been made
the School Department will then be, it is
believed, in a normal condition, with a
proper relation existing between teachers
and pupils. As the need for teachers in
creases new teachers will be taken from
the roll of substitutes. As vacancies oc
cur in the substitute list they will be
filled by young ladies now on the unas-
Blgned lists.
If Superintendent Webster, when he en
tered into the work of straightening out
the School Department, had any concep
tion of the task before him he Is an offi
cial of no little courage. If he had not
wonted out the problem of reclasslflca
tlon of schools, teachers and pupils in
advance, with the solution clear before
him when he blue-penciled the first insti
tution or educator into nothingness, he is
to use a modernism, "up against it." All' :
the pupils of an abolished concern with
the entire population reaching to the
farther bounds of fhe neighborhood are
protesting. Every teacher o f a lost class ;
—with her klnfolk, is memorializing the
Individual members of the Board of Edu- I
cation for revision. The roads of all com
plaints end in the Superintendent's office
and all day long the anterooms of that
apartment hum like a hive. The visitors !
sit In line, as It were, and from time to i
time they are admitted to the place of
appeal. I
The MlsElon commercial class difficulty
that threatened to assume huge propor
tions, seems to have worked itself out
to an easy solution. All the pupils may I
enter the. Polytechnic on easy terms, and I
twenty-five of them have signified their
Intention of taking up an academic
course In that school.
».i, Th vr. th ? 6e ?°™raercial class teachers of
t-he Mission High School present another
question for the readjustee to consider
These teachers are E. J. Gallagher, Mrs.
Bpencer and Mlsb Regan, a sister of ex-
Director Regan, They being High
School teachers, cannot well be placed
unless some educators of the same grade
are crowded out. Gallagher Is reported
to be an able educator and may find a
place somewhere. Mrs. Spencer and Miss
Kegan. being considered only special
teachers, will probably be unassigned.
The building committee of the board
was told yesterday by Chairman Hol
brook of the finance committee that the
desired $71,000 worth of repairs must be
trimmed down one-half before the
''want" will even be heard. About $20,000
for plumbing and. $10,000 for painting will
go out of the budget of expenditures It '
will only be on a showing of absolute
necessity if the building committee gets
$25,000 for repairs. Director Holbrook
has consulted with Building Inspector
George \\alker and h.s lowest estimates
only will be accepted.
The question or the Normal School
diplomas Is yet in an unsafe condition.
The Board of Education in leaving the
school standing till June to be supported
by the contributions of the pupils is
determined to consider it as a private' In
stitution. Consequently the certificates
of graduation will have nn legal value us
teachers' credentials. This fact has been
denied, but will be found correct notwith
standing.
The Teachers' Annuity Society meet
yesterday aiternoon at the Girls' Hlcli
School and decUled not to raise the
monthly tax on members consequently It
stands $1 per month for day teachers and
50 cents for the evening educators. An
nuitants after thlrtv years' service as
teachers or school officers will receive a
pension of $30 per month, evening teach
ers, of course, receiving a sum In pro
portion to their half payments. There is
in the annuity fund about $10,000 and in
the permanent fund nearly $4000.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY ti
recommendr! by physicians for family and
medicinal use because ft la pure.
There Is No Combine.
A dispatch bordering upon the sensa
tional was published yesterday in a morn
ing paper to the effect that the Columbia
River Canneri«s Association and the Alas
ka Packers' Association had formed a
combine lor the purpose of monopolizing
all of the fisheries output of the Pacific
Coast The article caused the officers of
SIR KNIGHTS AND LADES FAIR.
rTHE annual reception by Califor-
I nia Commandery No. 1, Knights
* Templar, to their lady friends, took
place at Golden Gate Hall last
evening. The reception was from ev
ery point of view a most gratifying
success and reflects great credit oti
those gentlemen who had it in charge.
The hall was beautifully decorated for
the occasion. The foyer was a bower
of ferns, while from the ceiling were
suspended red lanterns. These were
hung from suspended coils of white
and red roses. The ballroom where the
festivities of the evening took place
was a dream of decorative creation.
The orchestra was hidden from sight
on the stage by an Immense screen *of
tropical plants. Around the Bldi
the hall were entwined bright colored
bunting, while from the ceiling was
suspended an immense canopy, from
which hung a number of white doves.
Every device known to the decorator's
the Alaska Packers' Association consid
erable annoyance, for a number of peo
ple called very early to learn the truth
of the report. Henry F. Fort man. the
president of the organization, emphatical
ly denied that any such combine had been
made so. far as his company was concern
ed. He stated that his association has not
purchased a dollar's worth of the Can
neries' Association stock and will not.
His concern is In business on its own
account and will not form any part of a
pool or combine, and further he has no
knowledge of the plans of the other
canneries association. In order to em
phasize his remarks he sent the following
dispatch for pulication in the north.
To-day's Examiner publishes an Astoria tele-
Eram stating that Alaska Packers' Association
Is about to consolidate with tho Columbia
River Canneries Association. There is no truth
in this rumor. We have not, nor shall we, sub
scribe for stock of the proposed Columbia
association, nor do we propose to make any
combination with It.
ALASKA PACKERS' ASSOCIATION.
Henry F Fortmann, President.
Will Benefit the Coast.
President Sbarboro of the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association received a
letter from Senator Perkins yesterday In
which the Senator stated that he was in
hearty accord with the action of the as
sociation In endeavoring to have Indian
and army and navy supplies purchased
in California. He also stated that the Gov
ernment had, during the past year made
purchases in California aggregating
$10,000,000. and that It is Its Intention in
the future to purchase everything possi
ble for the use of the army and navy
on the Pacific In the Pacific Coast States.
The Merchants' and Manufacturers' As
sociation of Los Angeles has indorsed the
resolutions of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association relating to the
shipment of prison-made goods from one
State to another, and also the home prod
uct and pure rood laws which the associa
tion is endeavoring to have passed.
Civil Service Appointment.
Harry Falk,.the popular elevator man
in the Appraisers' building, was super
seded yesterday by J. A. Bellis. recently
elevator attendant In the Phelan building.
Bellls ha? passed the civil service examin
ation and. Collector Jackson states, was
appointed from the eligible list at Wash
ington, the Collector not having had any
hand in the selection. The friends of
Falk are incensed over his dismissal from
the service and claim that he has not
been fairly dealt with.
For a Change
Try any two 15c dishes, with small coffee, 26c,
at Campl'B. KK-108 O'Farrell gt.. opposite
Orpheum, and you'll not be disappointed. •
Ghost Walks at City Hall.
Treasurer I. J. Truman and his assist
ants handled a. large amount of the city's
money yesterday in the payment of Jan
uary salaries. It was the first time the
ghost had walked under the present ad
ministration, and a line of employes pass
ed in review before the cashier's window
throughout the day. The school teachers
were the only unhappy ones, their war
rants not being ready.
Ledtes' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. R .Bchlld. 211 Butter, rooms 1-7.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1899.
Where the Knights and Ladies Dined.
art was employed to enrich and en
hance the beauty of the scene.
It was 9 o'clock before the guests
began to arrive. When they had all
assembled the grand march was led
by Commander John P. Fraser. This
was one of the most beautiful fea
tures of the evening. At its conclusion
those present indulged in dancing un
til nearly midnight, when supper was
announced.
The exorcises during the supper
served greatly to enhance the pleas
ure of the evening. While the guests
were being assigned to their seats the
orchestra played "The Stars and
Stripes Forever"; then a prayer was
offered by Rev. Edward B. Church.
After this the guests took their seats
and Comamnder John P. Fraser gave
ttxTii an address of welcome. His re
marks were pointed and happy in
tin It nature.
A delightful and extensive menu was
s< rved, and during the banquet there
were rendered two numbers by the
choir of California Cnmmandery, and
also two numbers by the quartet
of the same commandery. During the
FONG SUEY WAN
LEFT FOR CHINA
AS MERCHANDISE
Taken Aboard the
Steamer in a Box.
WAS BILLED AS FREIGHT
IN THE CITY TWO WEEKS AFTEB
HER ESCAPE.
Chief Meredith, Spurred by Criticism,
Sought to Find Her and Offered
a Reward for Her Re
covery.
Fong Suey Wan,, the procuress, who es
caped from the Chinese Bureau last Sep
tember through the, negligence of Major
Moore, according to Chief Meredith, and
by fault of Chief Meredith If one Is to
believe Major Moore, is at present safe at
home in her native land. She left here
about the middle, of .October, but was not
booked as a passenger on any of the
steamers. The lady started as freight.
Snugly packed in a wooden box she was
billed as "one case of merchandise," and
knowing one.s on the steamer handled the
case with care, according to the warning
painted on Its front.
The procuress was held by the Immi
gration Bureau for not having a certifi
cate, but before this charge was investi
gated it was discovered that she was a
noted procuress. While held at the Mis
sion a number of the slave girls Identi
fied her as the wife of Kwong Leung, the
former partner of Little Pete, and they
told Chief Meredith that she was the
woman who had brought them to this
country. Investigation of the charge
against Suey Wan for having landed ille
gally proved that she had a certificate,
and this was known by both Moore and
Meredith.
The woman was taken before Commis
sioner Heacock, who rXiled that there was
no case against the woman. On the after
noon of September 30 Suey Wan appeared
Banquet by California Com-
Elery to Its Members
1 Friends-Speeches,
Toasts and an Ex- i
cellent Menu.
banquet Most Eminent Grand Master
Reuben H. Lloyd delivered one of his
happy addresses, while It was left to
Samuel M. Shortridge to respond to
the toast of the ladles. Walter c.
Campbell rendered a recitation as hfs'
contribution to the evening's pleas
ure. After the banquet the guests ad
journed to the main hall, where danc
ing was again indulged in until a late
hour. •
Among the guests that were present were:
Mr. and Mrs. John P. Fraser, Mr. and
Mrs. John Tonnlnpsen. Mr. and Mrs. W. H.
Frank Titus. Mr. and Mrs. Edward B.
Church. Judge Carroll Cook and daugh
ters, Henry B. Ream and wife. Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Morton, Mr. and Mrs. Hiram
T. Graves, and also the following Sir
Knights with their wives: Samuel M.
Shortridge, Charles C. Stallman. B. N. Row
ley O F. Westphal, John Lee Jr., T. H.
Browne, J. L. M. Shetterly, P., S. Teller,
S. C Hammond, John H. Brunrhgs.' Wil
liam E. Miles, Alfred A. Batkrn, \V. C.
Campbell, James Edward Gordrtn, •E. G.
Mai-Bain. Daniel M. Lawrence, Clarence T.
Wendell Robert W. Smith. Thomas L. Hill,
Z V. Dodee, Charles W. Decker. M. H. Iso
gan, J. W. Burnham, S. A. McDonnell,
In. Judge de Haven's court and was re
leased. Meredith was aware of the fact
that the case would cpme up at that time,
but was not present in the court room.
Major Moore was not on very friendly
terms with the chief at the time of the
escape, and those friendly to Meredith
claim that the major knew that the wom
an would be released and could have pre
vented it, but refrained from doing so, as
the blame for the escape of the woman
would all fall upon Meredith.
Very little effort was made by Chief
Meredith to locate the missing Suey Wan
until several days after her escape. The
severe criticism the chief .received from
the Federal authorities and scathing ar
ticles in the papers spurred him to at
tempt to find her. He went to friends and
asked them to help him out of a tight
fix. At their suggestion he offered a re
ward of $100 for information as to her
hiding place. This offer was made known
to men familiar with Chinatown and
every effort was made by them to secure
the reward. Fong Suey Wan was finally
located ln a basement and the tip was
given to Meredith, but when he ar
rived the bird had flown. For two weeks
the procuress was moved about from
place to place. The first China steamer
which sailed after her escape took her
back to her home.
Fong Suey Wan did not make the en
tire passage to her native land nailed up
in a box. The steamer had no sooner
crossed the bar and was safely outside
the jurisdiction of the Federal authori
ties when, by the judicious use of gold,
one of the lady's friends succeeded in se
curing permission to unbox, the human
freight.
Without a Net.
1 So many have been unable to see the
amateur Amazon march at the Chutes
Free Theater on the past two Thursday
nights that it will be repeated this even
ing. The performance will be given with
out a net in fi-nnt of the stage.
THE DAY AND THE WEATHER.
As stated In yesterday's Call the cold j
wave which visited the State on Tues
day brought very little rain with it. There
were a few spasmodic showers yesterday •
morning, and about one-tenth of an Inch
was registered in this city, tapering down j
to one-hundredth of an inch near San j
Luis Oblspo. There was a slight precipl- ]
tation In the Interior, but most of the j
rain fell along the coast.
"It is safe to say," said Professor Ham
mon yesterday, "that the last rain has
run its race, although we might get a lit
tle shower now and then to-night, but not
to amount to anything. To-morrow we
will have partly cloudy weather, but no
rain. The temperature here went as low
as 45 degrees, and the northwest wind
whirh brings in moist air makes the con
ditions unfavorable for frost and conse
quently favorable for crops. The moist
air does not radiate heat rapidly, and
consequently the danger of -freezing is re
duced to a minimum. There have been no
rains In the valley, and the Sierra Moun
tains had six Inches of snow at the sum
mit, making a total fall of between six
and seven inches. The hills back of
Berkeley were white this morning and the
temperature has fallen all over the State."
The rain which did fall will not have
much effeot one way or the other. Of
course the cooling: process has been bene
Andrew TVirkie, Charles S. Tllton, P. W.
Marvin, J. W. Keyston. Samuel Bontfleld,
Reuben P. Hurlbut, P. Boettrher, Charles
Miss, Henry Bohls. J. F. Clark, Jacob G.
Liebold, Richard S. Polastrl, George H.
Siebe, Colin M. Boyd, A. C. Freese, James
MoNab, William Macdonald. Evan L.
Reese. H. W. Westphal, Asa R. Wells. C.
G. Kenyon, George W. Baker, John C.
Crooks, Peter Dean, W. E. Dean, Moubray
R. Pur.das, A. M. Easton. B. P Flint. A
W. Foster, B. .F. Garratt. Isaac Grant,
George F. Gray, Charles E. Green; L. M.
Hoefler, Abraham Halsey, Timothy Hop
kins. P. D. Jewett. Martin Jones. John F.
Kennedy. George A. Knight, Henry Koh
ler, A. F. Korbel, Thomas Kyle, Hartland
Law, C. H. Llndley, J. M. Lltchfleld, W.
W. Montague, W. W. Morrow, Samuel G.
Munihv, William MeCormtck. C. S. NeaJ,
T. V. O'Brien, E. F. Preston. John A. Rus
sell, Charles W. Slack, J. D. Spreckels, A.
W. Scott, F. \V. Van Slcklen. James M.
Troutt. C. H. Wilson. M. A. Wheaton, Rus-
Sf-11 J. Wilson. Hiram T. Graves, Max
Ciaupßentus, George Johnson. O. H. Umb
s.-n, Charles B. York, J. Stanley Ewing,
Kugene Gauthler Jr.. E. B. Hlndes. A.
Hromada, Anton Kreig, Stewart Menzles,
T'lrloh Remensperger. E. Woenne. John S.
Young, George F. Neal.
flcial, Inasmuch as It will prevent any
marked development of fruit. However
it is as cool as it should get, for should*
it freeze much harm would result
THE SENATORIAL QUESTION.
A Debate on How the People's Rep
resentatives Should Be Elected.
. At the regular meeting of the Conti
nental League last night at Saratoga Hall
the question of how the people's represen
tatives in the United States Senate should
be selected was debated. •
The affirmative side was represented by
B. F. McKlnley and H. C.Firebaugh and
the negative by W. J. Herrin and D. V.
Rosenthal. The question was: "That the
United States Senators should be elected
by the popular vote of the people." Mc-
Kinley led off with an argument in which
he J Bh ? wed that the Federal constitution
■had already been amended fifteen times
and one more amendment providing for
the more popular mode of selecting repre
sentatives would not be amiss when it
was taken into consideration that corrupt
methods were being used in forwarding
sl^e^Senat" 01101 16 seat ln the Unlte *
siS a J nd^^u ce f d Oll a°r g e d m^ ts th i n negative
side, ancT adduced arguments in the line
main 61 ™ 1 " 1 "* the present system to re
t H. C. Firebaugh followed on the affirma
tive, and ( launched wide- theories in sup
port of his side. Rosentha! closed for the
negative, and added somewhat to Herrings
theory of letting ' well enough alone
Young . McKinley - had ten minutes in
which to reply. At the close of the de
bate, a ballot was taken by the audience
on .the merits of the debate - - auu 'ence
The sympathy of the . voters was un
doubtedly with the affirmative side as It
received a two. to one majority
.Fourteen new members signed the roll
of the league. Frank B. Worth, presi
dent of the league, presided .during the
meeting. ."." :
A Woman Severely Injured.
Miss Lizzie Weir applied at the City
and County Hospital last evening for ad
mission, claiming that she was suffering
from a severe beating at the hands of her
brother-in-law. From her statement to
the hospital authorities she said she had
been kicked by her relative about throe
weeks ago at her residence. 165 Shipley
street. She complained of receiving in
juries to her side and hip. which were
painful. An examination by the physi
cian revealed a contused wound of the
hip which necessitated treatment.
Lowest prices on diamonds, watches and Jew
elry. JAS. A. SORENSEN, 135.6 th. nr. Howard.
■ ■ _~_
Victims of Poolrooms. ." ; - . •
Henry Walker and Francis Dunn, two
boys, were arrested yesterday by Detec
tives Ryan and ODea and will be booked
on a charge of burglary. ■ They broke Into
rooms 7 and 9 of the Elcho House and
stole a coat and vest belonging to Bernard
Loser, which they sold to M. Rosenberg,
a second-hand dealer at 1026 Howard
street. The boys admitted the theft and
said they did It to get money to bet on
the races. Walker was arrested in a
poolroom at 906 Market street and Dunn
In the Palace Beer House.
. . • ADVEBTISEMENTS. : -J ■-* ' .
-Hr-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-H-81-B-B-"--'"- H - n ~ H ~ H ~ H ~ B ~ a -
Special Inducements
. . . IN" . . .
HOUSE-FURNISHINGS!
We offer as additional attractions this day special lines
from our well known Domestic Department which we can recom-
mend specially to our patrons as , .
EXTRA CHOICE BARGAINS!
• . NOTE.— We desire to call attention also to our Special
Sale of Simlnoff's stock of Cloaks, Jackets, Suits, Skirts and
Capes which will be on sale this week at
45c on the Sl.OO.
SPECIALS FROM OUR
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT!
." At 35 Cents.
25 pieces CREAM TABLE DAMASK, 56 Inches wide, all pure Linen and very service-
able; the regular 45c grade; will be offered at 35c yard.
i • i _ . ...
v7> At SO Cents.
15 pieces CREAM TABLE DAMASK, 70 inches wide, heavy, strong and durable; the
regular 70c grade; will be offered at 50c yard.
At 75 Cents.
15 dozen BED COMFORTERS, regular size, pure -white cotton filling, and nicely- quilt-
ed; the $1 00 grade; will be offered at 75c each.
. • At 4-5 Cents. \
83 pairs 10—4 COTTON BLANKETS, in wHite, gray and tan, the soft, fleecy kind;
our regular 75c grade; will be closed out at. 4sc pair. .',. ■ .
rai^~ At 9O Cents.
123 pairs 11— 4 COTTON" BLANKETS, in both white and colored, extra heavy and
fleecy; worth $1 35; will be closed out at 90c pair.
At"sl.OO.
250 'WHITE BED SPREADS, full size, Marseilles patterns, very heavy and hemmed
ready for use; worth fl 40; will be offered at |1 00 each.
At 5 Cents.
195 pieces OMAR CASHMERE and LA TOSCA JACQUARD, an excellent material for
Ladies' Wrappers; worth 8 l-3c and 10c; will be offered at 5c yard.
At 5 Cents.
OUTING. FLANNEL, a heavy and soft' fleecy grade, a good variety of patterns'
worth 1-3 c; will be offered at sc. yard. ;...••; '
SHEETS AND_PILLOWCASES.
250 dozen BED SHEETS, finished with a two-inch hem, made from a special grade of
muslin; will be sold at cut prices as follows: 72x90, at 37^c; 81x90, at 40c, and
90x90, at 45c each. ... . ; ______
130 dozen PILLOW CASES, a good heavy cotton and finished with a two-inch hem-
will be sold as follows: 36x45, at 10c; 36x50, at lie; 36x54, at IS%<5, each.
[/(/ Murphy Building-, * {/[/ Murphy Building-, /
Martet anil Janes Streets. : Market and Jones Streets.
I oTfc - §
\$WSy
3-Day Specials !
}'';'■'' You may be assured of get-
ting the beat there Is— at the
cheapest prices in San Fran-
cisco.
RANCH EGGS 30c 2 doz. 55c
SWEET PICKLES, pint Jar 20c
Prepared by H. J. Heinz Co.— finest qual-
ity. ■•.'.. ■: '
BRANDY, bot. 75c, 3 b0t5... 82.00
Gallon $3.00
Nine-year-old California brandy, recom-
mended by physicians. Regular price, »1 00
and H 00. ; : - :
MINCEMEAT, condensed, 4 pkgs,;.2sc
The contents of a package will make 2
large or 3 small delicious pies. Regular
price, 10c a package.
SWEET WIN 35c. 3 bots. $1.00
Port, Sherry, Angelica, Muscat and To-
kay. California's good, wholesome wine.
Regular price, 50c a bot.
COFFEE, IXL Blend, 1b 20c
Splendid value, roasted , or ground. Reg-
ular price, - 30c. '
Telephone »nd Mail Orders Qirtn Prompt Attention.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
v Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5532. Teliphom Wist 16».
The February
CENTURY
Contains
General Shatter's
Account of
The Capture of
SANTIAGO
And Other Good Things.
In all stages of B?**£ : /V?^S
NASAL CATARRH K^MBAt#l
there should be cleanll- ■■^r3fcs//£jCOU)I
ness. Experience proves gar 3^ e c £W yH^jjl
that E^^^^xPm
Ely's Cream Balm m* *?Mm
is a cleanser, soother and |SL_^/ * JK§3
healer of the diseased flgßK 1^ -^JjTM
membrane. It cures ca- IHR^<U^^H
tarrh . and a - cold in the WkßiP\xßJ%i-(u9!3M
head vanishes quickly. • ■«* >*Z~ 1"
'Cream Balm is. -placed ■ into the nostrils,
spreads over the membrane and is absorbed.- |
Relief is Immediate and a cure follows. It is I
not drying— does not produce sneezing. Large
Size, 50c; at Druggists or by mail; TriarHize,
10c, by mail. ' ' . " - '
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren Street, New York.
-~— —————— —~^ j~ ~ ~ ~"^~
UrSitJ WWW •* TrOChmm «f Boston I
I DDn \BUHU' C? Bronchial |
Relieve HoorseneM Immediately.
' "I recommend their use to public apeak- 1
ere."— Rev. C. H. Chapin; New York. I
,!; -" ' " The Genuine has the • ' a
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
HOW ABOUT YOUR DINING-ROOM?
HAVE YOU A SET OF SQUEAKY
CHAIRS? IF SO, HERE IS YOUR
CHANCE TO REPLACE THEM.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK
DIMMG CHAIRS, LIKE ■* p
CUT, EXTRA STRONG, /KO
FINISHED IN ANTIQUE | %) (J
WE ARE THE LARGEST
"COMPLETE HOME FUR-
NISHERS" ON THE COAST.
OUR PRICES ARK THE
LOWEST.
THE J. NOON AN
FURNITURE CO., Inc.
1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
Open Evenings. Phone South 14.
rhe Desire of an Aspiring
Laundress
s to emulate the work done at our
aundry. No matter how well domestic
aundering is done, it will never corn-
tare with the perfect methods that give
he linen done up here such an exquisite
Inish and beautiful color, that renders
t irreproachable and just like new.
3ring your laundry work to us and we
vill guarantee satisfaction. "No saw-
■dges."
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephons
South 420
Eyeglass
Impressions
*eed not be sore. The new clip rests on the
lose eoftly, gently, pleasantly, never pinching
>r slipping. Attached for 50c. Aurocone Spec-
acles dr not hurt behind the ears.
Oculists' Prescriptions Filled. Factory on
Premises. Quick Repairing. Phone, Main 10.
OPTICIANS ' ,J?REMO-POco
642 MARKET Si Photographic