VOLUME I. XXXV— NO. 149.
DEATH AND RUIN IN
THE CYCLONE'S PATH
KIRKS\ [LLE, Mo.. April
27.— The sky emptied its
fury in a cyclone upon
Kirksville at (kjo o'clock to
night, when the east side of the
town was wiped from the map.
A broad, dean path, nearly a
quarter of a mile wide, lies
through the town as smooth as I
the virgin prairie. Probably 400!
homes, where an hour ago fami
lies were asking the divine 1 '
ing upon the evening meal, are ;
now scattered as fragments'
somewhere beyond the town in
woodland and prairie.
h is probable a hundred peo
ple "were killed, the known list at
6 o'clock reaching twenty-one,
and a thousand were injured. It
will be long after daylight before
any adequate conception the
destruction to life can be bail.
It is the record ,4 the St. Louis
and Louisville cyclones all over
again. The fatalities are upon '
every one's lips. Each blanched
face on the street reports new ca
lamity.
In the heavy rain following the cy
clone the balance of the people who es-
I the calamity have turned out to
The Injured and hunt out the
the- plain, and the surgeons.
operating staff and stu
men and women, of the A.meri- ;
• Ost( opathy, which is lo
re, together with all the regu
lar doctors resident in the town, have
ed a rescue and hospital corps, and :
darkness and rain are hunting
he unfortunates t«i sot fractured
bones, bandage the lacerated and ease
I in "f anguished hearts. This
work is being superintended by Mayor
in and Dr. Charles E. Still. Dr.
William Smith, Drs. J. B. and David
Littlejohn and Dr. Hewey Walters.
From every locality the cry comes:
\ip. "send surgeons." There are men,
n and children in agony, and the
ling corps are lifting roofs and
hing the basements of houses all
the edge of the storm's track for :
the forms of the bleeding, dying and;
the dead. Cabs, express wagons, pri
vate conveyances and stretchers are all I
In service, yet the supply is wholly In
md many needy ones are i
limping out of the wreckage and mak- ,
ing their way as best they can to !
asylums.
KAUTZ VERY CLOSE
TO BEING RECALLED
CALL II EAD QUAR
TERS, WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHING
TON, April i~. — The secret of
the backing and filling in the
matter of the sailing of the
cruiser Badger, having the Sa
moan Joint High Commission
ers on board, as told by The Call
exclusively this morning, is out.
Armed with your dispatch, tell
ing of the publication in The Call
this morning o f the receipt at
San Francisco of telegraphic or
ders to stop the Badger for im
portant dispatches, and the sub
sequent dispatch of a message to
let the cruiser proceed, 1 visited
the Navy Department to-day and
learned that Rear Admiral Kautz
was within an ace of being re
lieved of the office of comman
der in chief of the Pacific station
and recalled immediately from
Apia as the result of the publica
tion of the letter he sent to his
cousin in Cincinnati. President
and Secretary Long were very
angry with the admiral for writ
ing a communication showing
his dislike of the < iermans in Sa
moa. That the administration
at first intended to take prompt
action was shown by the fact that
orders to the Badger were coun
termanded: then she was di
rected to proceed. These orders
were again countermanded and
again she was given sailing or
ders.
Finally the Navy Department
telegraphed to have the Badger
recalled, but this telegram was
revoked by another sent after
ward. Particular exception was
taken to the admiral writing
these words:
"I am not king here,
but just plain boss of
the ranch. The Ger
The San Francisco Call.
THE STORM'S DEAD.
KIRKSVILLK. Mo., April 27.— Those so far known to have been
killed by the cyclone are:
WILLIAM li. HOWELLS. student C. A. GIBBS.
American School of Osteopathy, MRS. C. A. GIBBS.
MRS. W. H SHERBURN, wife of A. C. BEAL,
Btudent School of Osteopathy. , JAMES CUNNINGHAM.
JAMES WEAVER SK.. retired .A I US. MITCHELL.
contractor. MRS. T. MAHAFFEY.
THEODORE BRIGHAM, mer- MRS. C. WOODS,
chant. MRS. A. LITTLE.
ED BEEMAN, boy. A. LITTLE.
MRS. W. W. GREEN. JOE WOODS.
MISS BESSIE GREEN. MRS Joe WOODS.
MRS. HENRY BILL.INGTON. A. W. RAINSCHOTT.
A. W. GLASEE. MRS. A. W. RAINSCHOTT.
MRS. A. W. GLASEE. MIPS LEONA WHALEY.
MRS. BEN GREEN. MRS COUDER.
MRS. JOHN' LAKKI.N SR.
REPORTED KILLED.
MRS. PECK. l>R. BILLINGS.
MR. AXDERSoN. COLONEL LITTLE and family.
MRS. STEPHEN'S MRS. PENSCHOTT and child.
KNOWN INJURED.
Mr. and Mrs. Deniston. Sam Weaver.
Mis. HobSOn. Will Parks.
Harry Mitchell. Two infills brothers.
Mary Mitchell. Willis Kellogg.
Mrs. Evans. Hnllis Kellogg.
REPORTED INJURED.
Maud Waddell. Andrew Roberts.
Mrs. T. B. Bullock. Esther Little.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Kirk. Ina Green.
A. L. Peal. William Bragg.
W. S. Smith. Mrs. John Barley.
Mrs. Hennons. A. C Bowman.
Mrs. Million. Mrs. Mary Rohran.
Duain Mills. A. T. Cook.
Mrs. A. J. Miller. Beeman, child.
Mrs. John Daly. Aubrey Green.
Ernest Mills.
Half a dozen wrecked dwellings took |
i fire immediately after the cyclone had
passed. The fire bells rang out a call .
| for help for Kirksville's needy, hut j
there were none with time to stop these :
- isolated fires. They were left to their
■ own lesser work of destruction. Lurid
lights from these bonfires now illumi
nate death's wake and help the rescuers
; to carry on their errand of mercy.
Kent's undertaking establishment is j
being used as the charnel house, and ■•
'■ a score of the dead are now there,
: some of them unidentified.
The homes just outside of death's path
I are open to refugees and people filled
with gratitude for the deliverance of
loved ones and themselves are doing
a vain work to give comfort to other
hearts bleeding with bruises of the
j flesh and immeasurable woe for
; fathers, mothers and children who
; are gone.
The storm king drove his chariot of I
wind and cloud in awful grandeur. His
'■ coming was announced with a roar like •
i a fast mail train crossing a railway j
' viaduct, with the deep, muffled rumble j
iof distant thunder behind it. There '.
REAR ADMIRAL KAUTZ.
man Consul had that
position up to my ar
rival, but since then
he has been a very si
lent partner. I am
very much afraid he
does not like me; in
fact, I am not at all
popular with the Ger
mans."
1 was assured that the German
Embassador had made" no com
plaint against Rear Admiral
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1899.
was a suction from both sides and be
fore the advancing column, while a
i steady crunching, crackling, grinding
noise, as of a monster mowing down
: forests, sounded out <>f the death din.
These undertones were the houses and
trees that snapped before the cyclone,
and the sound of their grinding to pow
der was heard distinctly out of the roar
of the elements a mile from the path
of the cyclone.
The cyclone approached Kirksville
from the southwest. At a distance it
seemed t<> be making for the Fair
: Grounds and' people at the American
School of Osteopathy, on the west side
of town, watched its coming for two
'minute in fear that it was bearing
down upon them.
Before reaching the town limits it
veered eastward and cleared the State
. Normal School without touching it.
Patterson's extensive nursery, Just
west, was swept down to ei>an soil.
Th>- course from that :<n was through
a well built-up section of the town,
j made up mainly of new houses and
Continued on Second Page.
, Kautz on account of the letter,
, but the attaches of the embassy
regret that another officer of the
American navy should reflect on
their country in the same way
that Coghlan did. The Presi
dent and Secretary Long were
especially displeased because of
I the publication of the letter im
mediately following the Coghlan
episode.
I understand that Secretary
Long will caution Kautz about
writing any more such letters.
In this connection there is talk
Continued on Second Page.
ATKINSON
SAYS HE IS
THE "TRAITOR"
Sending Documents to Army
in the Philippines to Pro
mote Discontent.
AND HE GLORIES IN IT
Hopes He Will Succeed in Getting
the Soldiers to Refuse
to Fight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. Mass., April 27.— Edward
Atkinson, the famous Boston million
aire, anti-imperialist and economist, in
an interview with your correspondent
to-day defiantly announced that he
was, personally, the alleged traitor who
had been flooding the American army
in the Philippines with letters and •
pamphlets tending to promote discon
tent and insubordination and to pre
vent the men from re-enlisting. He ■
also said he would keep on sending j
them.
"Have you been* charged with dis
loyalty for conducting this work?" he
was asked.
"Only by the editorials in the news
papers."
"Have you any reason to suppose
that your documents will be stopped?" j
"I hardly think the authorities would
venture on such a base attempt to j
prevent soldiers who are voters from
being informed as to the state of pub
lic opinion .at home."
"Have you taken any other means to
reach the troops.'"
"Oh, no; I do not think it is neces
sary. It would be very easy to send
documents to correspondents in Europe
and have them mailed under foreign
postage, but I do not think any such
measure is necessary."
"To what extent have your pamphlets
been circulated, and have any other ;
documents been sent out?"
"Not to my knowledge. I think thai
the speeches and letters of Senator
Hoar, Judge Edmunds, former Gover
nor Bout well and others are to be Bent
in large numbers, to the end that the
privates In the ai my may know the :
direction in which sound public opinion
is moving rapidly in this country."
"Might not this produce insubordina
tion?"
"Yes; the kind of insubordination \
which, I hope, with Tolstoi, will ere
long pervade all armies, to the end that !
criminal aggression may be made im
possible by the refusal of soldiers who
think for themselves to carry out or
ders which are as abhorrent to them j
as they are inconsistent with any \
moral, economic or political principle.
' 1 sent my own pamphlets on "The I
Hell of War' and upon 'Criminal Ag- j
gression' to the members of the Peace I
Commission, including Admiral Dewey,
and to several of the generals of the
army whom I believe to be persons of
humane disposition— perhaps as much
shocked by the orders from home as
we have been here. I also wrote to the
Secretary of War for a copy of the
army register checked so as to indicate
what regiments and officers may be
now in the Philippine Islands in order
that I might send ;> very considerable j
number of pamphlets to their ad- I
dresses. 1 should be very glad to re
ceive mailing lists for this purpose, as j
I have not secured the army registers.
Being in communication with Secretary
Gage on other subjects I informed him
of my purpose, hoping that the facts
might be presented in Cabinet meet
ing."
ABSOLUTELY PROVES
DREYFUS' INNOCENCE
Demand Made for the Delivery of a
Document ITound in French
Guiana.
PARIS, April 27. —A greal sensation lias
followed thf publication by the Figaro
of the supplemental deposition math be
fore the United Chambers of the Court of
Cassation by M. Paiaologue, one of the
permanent officials of the Foreign Office,
whose evidence establishes a new forgery.
The Soir, an antl-Dreyfuslte organ, vio
lently attacks the Minister of Foreign
Affairs, M. del Casse, under whose orders
M. Paleologue's second deposition was
made. It charges M. del Ca-sse with giv
ing the Figaro the evidence offered he
fore the court, particularly that of If.
Paleologue. declaring that "nobody else
could have had any interest in making It
public"
The Figaro also publishes Commandant
ERterhaxy's depositions, merely covering
ground he had already himself covered
In Interviews and articles.
A rumor was circulated early this even
ing that Colonel Paty dv Clam had
been arrested. It turned out to be untriip,
but it is understood that at his own re
quest he will be examined on Saturday.
The Temps will announce to-morrow
that the Court of Cassation has applied to
the Minister for the Colonies, Georges
Gullain. to deliver the document which
was found in French Guiana in 1897 among
other Dreyf.us documents and sent to the
Colonial office under the strictest precau
tions. It is alleged that this document
absolutely proves the innocence of Drey
fus.
BRAZIL SURPRISED
OVER THE SOUNDINGS
American Minister Called on to Ex
plain the Wilmington's Action
in the Amazon.
Special Cable i" The <"all and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
flon Bennett.
RIO JANEIRO, April 27.-The Minister
of Foreign Affairs has remitted a note
to the American Minister expressing sur
prise at the behavior of the American
gunboat Wilmington, which sailed up the
Amazon and took soundings without re
questing the usual authorization from the
local government. The American Minis
ter in response made a satisfactory ex
planation and the. incident is now closed
~nnd definitely settled.
AGUINALDO ASKS
FOR CESSATION
OF HOSTILITIES
Series of Disasters and Defeats at the
Hands of Americans Has Probably
Broken His Spirit.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1 899, by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, April 28.— General Luna, Aguinaldo's
Chief of Staff, has sent an insurgent colonel
through the lines under a flag of truce to ask for a
cessation of hostilities.
Colonel Funston was overcome by heat.
JOHN F. BASS.
COLONEL FUNSTON THE
HERO OF CALUMPIT
How Brave Men of Kansas Car
ried the Bridge in the Face
of Rebel Fire.
By Carrier Pigeon From the Front.
special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. ISW, bj James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, April 27. — Colonel
Frederick Funston of the
Twentieth Kansas Volunteers
is the hero of Calumpit. He crossed
the Rio Grande this morning wi'h a
small for,ce after his brilliant but un
successful attempt last night, flanked
the insurgents and drove them from
the strong position they held.
The crossing was effected under
a tremendous fire from the rebel
trenches, which were manned by the
strongest force the insurgents could
assemble to guard the railroad
bridge, their line extending for a
mile on either side.
This was the most daring enter
NO TRACE OF STARR
HAS YET BEEN FOUND
LOS ANGELES, April 27.— The dis
appearance of H. S. Starr, em
ployed as superintendent of the
Oak Knoll ranch," near Pasadena,
remains an unsolved mystery.
The officers who have sought to un
ravel the dews of the man's where
abouts are baffled and find nothing so
Ear to aid them. The deeper the affair
is probed the further from solution
(io'-'s the problem become.
The only theory now remaining is
that Starr, if he was assailed for the
purpose <>t" robbery, was made partly
ins.ine from the effects of a sandbag
•and that he has wandered away. This
supposition is based on the fact that
no blood has been found in the trail he
and his assailants took that led to a
buggy hitched to a tree, and that he
was left there! but wandered away
after regaining consciousness.
To stimulate the searchers Sheriff
Hammel offered a reward to-day of
$100 for the recovery of Starr, dead <>r
alive, who is described as 5 feet B*£
inches tall, weight 100 pounds, dark
brown hair, dark gray eyes, light
brown mustache, dark complexion,
speaks deliberately and is of a retiring
Charles Starr, Brother of
the Missing Man.
disposition and a native of Germany.
Starr, who was a member of Com
pany M, Seventh Regiment, National
Guards of California, desired to enter
the volunteers, but was deterred owing:
to family cares. While he bore a high
prise of the entire campaign in the
Philippines. It was Colonel Fun
ston's second attempt to cross the
river. On the opposite side lay, sup
posedly, the whole of the insurgent
army heavily intrenched. They were
armed with artillery, but the control
of the river was of immense strategic
value and it was necessary to cross.
Coioae] Funstnn'p ;<ttempt to get over
last night failed because the barking of
dogs disclosed the movement of the
enemy on the opposite side, but he was
entirely successful this morning. The
Kansas and Montana Volunteers held
the entire town of Calumpit ~xcept the
bridge. Heavy insurgent forces occu
pied trenches at the further end of the
bridge, extending for a mile on either
side of the railway. The entire strength
of the insurgent army was believed to
HILLARY S. STARR, Who Mysteriously Dis
appeared Last Monday Night.
reputation he was known to be of a
dreamy, moody disposition.
At a late hour to-night it is learned
that Mrs. C. E. Mendenhall, who was
visiting near the house of Starr on the
night of the disappearance, heard two
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
be holding these trenches. They had
one or more artillery pieces, with which
they threw schrapnel into the Ameri
can lines.
In regard to their artillery, however, it
is possible that they may have had only
one piece and that they moved this con
stantly from place to place before fir
ing, with the object of conveying the
impression that they had several.
The American and insurgent lines
were separated only by the width of
the river — 100 yards. There was a con
stant scattering fire. When night came
yesterday Colonel Funston made a dar
ing attempt to surprise the insurgents.
His plan was to lead fifteen men across
the bridge under cover of darkness and
surprise and attack the insurgents.
The bridge is long and much exposed.
Colonel Funston sent. Corporal Fergu
son of Company E of the Kansas Vol
unteers to reconnoiter the bridge. The
corporal stripped and crawled along the
girders to within twenty feet of the op
posite shore, and an insurgent sentry
approached within ten feet of him
without discovering his presence.
Ferguson reported that the plan was
. impracticable, because, the rails having
been removed, walking would be dan
gerous and the wounded would fall into
the river. In other respects than the
loss of the rails the bridge is intact.
Colonel Funston then decided to lead
120 men across the river a mile to the
westward and enfilade the insurgents.
His purpose was to surprise and rout
them. Eight companies of the Kansas
Volunteers furnished the details. The
march was down the river bank, but it
was moonlight, and the barking of dogs
screams from a buggy as it was being
rapidly driven down the streets, and
that August Franke saw a man leap
into a ravine near the Oak Hill ranch.
The heel marks found there fit the size
of Starr's shoes.2
betrayed \ i activity. A heavy
fire followed from the Insurgent artil
lery, and that attempt to cross WM
isarily abandoi
Undaunted by two previous fail
ures, Colonel Funston persevered in
his enterprise and succeeded in tak
ing the Rio Grande defenses opposite
Calumpit. It was one of the most
daring- and dangerous achievements
of the present war.
The insurgents, numbering several
thousand, occupied almost impregnable
earthworks on the north bank of the
river, with the bridge so si :ii >] >< <1 of its
flooring that passage across under fire
was Impossible. The insurgents' earth
works were so constructed as to be
1 -proof, and the American artillery
was consequently less effective than
usual.
At this morning Colonel
Funston determined to endeavor to
m in the face of the
> 's fire, land wesl of the insurgent
trenches and bj an enfilading fire dis
c them.
"With 120 of the Kansas men he
went to a point on the river several
hundred yards trom the bridge, where
two privates. White and Trembley,
swam with a rope to the opposite
shore. They landed and attached the
rope to a portion of the insurgent
trench.
in the meantime the remainder of the
hm< nt kept up a vigorous fire,
which was directed toward the insur
trenches, while the artillery main
mendous bombardment.
White and Trembley were thus partly
cted from the insurgents' flre.
Several insurgents were in the trenches
ai the point where i lie daring men
•i. but they were terror-stricken
fled when the two Americans be
gan y<
Colonel Funston then sent two men
is the river In a boat with the
>s and rifles of White and Trem
bley, but the boat was capsized and the
■ . losing all the con
s of the boat.
Thn d v ith I
then crossed the river under a heavy
but . te insurgent lire and im
i need upon t he trenches,
driving the Insurgents forward until
Interrupted bj a small but deep sir. -am
flowing into the Rio Grande 2'" l yards
of the railway, where the heaviest
d. Here the insur
■i to ' heck the Ameri
islng Maxim guns, which ol
'unston's small force to re
[mmediately afterward, however,
Funston, with Captain Orjig
men, cross* d the small
iin a boat They charged upon
th» j trenches, where an immense for.-.'
of insurgents, completely terrified, be
gan to retreat. <'oionel Funston, yell
ed shouting, dashed up to the rail
vay. and the -Montana and Kansas
ssing th"
with General Wneaton, the
bridge being no longer protected by the
insure c. The insurgents re
ral directions.
It ' • 1 that they had all ;:• 1.
ion it was observed that their offi
■ line them up
broad field with th^ intention to J
•■ ■ the tr< nches.
The insurgents appeared wholly de
lized, their ranks breaking re
dly, although their generals on
s frantically ordered them for-
Then was started an effective fire
from the Kansas and Montana Regi
ments, which wrecked all discipline
The rebel line crumbled^and the enemy
Many retreated to a train, which
- at the next station, and
the train immediately left for the
northward, others surrendered, thirty
n being captured. Many others
fled to the woods to the eastward, prob
ably going to the mountains, or to the
■]■ several miles away.
Apalit, the next town from Calumpit,
was burned, the Americans, the re
mainder of Wneaton's and Bale's brig
mcing and Occupying the rail
way station.
During the • nt the I'tah
Batt Sixth Artillery and the
Montana anil Kansas Regiments did
work, and in pursuing
the retreating insurgents the South
"••'• bi aska and b iwa volun
toss the river and per
forn ni service. The insur
-3 lost between thirty and fifty
irly as I can judge. The
-! two killed, one being
ly in the morning, and several
w oun
Many cases of heat prostration oc
curred, but the entire operation had
completed by midday. A <iu;in ti t y
of h arms and ammunition
was.
This evening the American troops re
north bank of the Rio
!••. with their outposts reaching
to Apalit.
A fearful thunder storm occurred at
ock.
General Mac Arthur is greatly pleased
with the result of the operation, giving
hK r h praise to Colonel Funston. While
not a bloody engagement General Mac-
Arthur considers it one of the most
brilliant and .lashing in history.
The nature of future operations is
unknown. For the present, it la
sumed. the troops will remain in the
I'M Grande trenches until the bridge
is repaired.
THE FRIENDLY FILIPINOS
AFRAID OF AGUINALDO
MANILA, April 27.— General Lawton'a
advance has been a remarkable dem
onstration of the resistless energy
which characterizes all his undertak
ing. The last troops forming his col
umn only reached Xnzegaray to-day.
The men were badly played out, as dur
ing the past two days they have drag
ged bullock carts over roadless jungles
and through swamps, cutting their own
way far miles. They will rest three j
days, and then, with Colonel Sumner's !
command, consisting of the Oregon and
Minnesota regiments, the troops will re-
Eume the march westward, co-operating
with General Mao Arthur's forces In the
important enterprise.
The ambulances to-day, with a strong
escort, are bringing General Lawton's
wounded and a few of those who have |
Btrated by the heat across the I
country to the railroad.
A report has gained wide currency
among the volunteers that the Govern
ment intends to ask that there be no
fighting ufter Calumpit is captured,
and that it is the intention to replace
them at the front with regulars who
are being brought here on buard the
transports.
Th* committee of Filipinos organized
to mediate between the Americans and
Aguinaldo fear to approach the rebels
after the refusal of the latter to re
ceive the Spanish commissioners, who
were bearing a white 6&g. The com
mittee, after consulting with the com
mission, propose to tell Aguinaldo that
while no terms except unconditional
surrender could be offered after the
lengths to which the war has been car
ried, they could assure the rebels that
they would be treated according to the
American traditions of leniency to the
conquered, and that there would be no
punishments nor confiscation of prop
erty if they laid down their arms.
The committee told United States
Consul Williams) that they would go if
h-- would accompany them, believing
the rebels trusted Mr. Williams. The
latter refused, having no authority in
the matter. He said: "I do not believe
th»- Filipinos would harm me, but they
might detain me for months."
The American commission is ham
BOTTLE EXPLODES
IN A BOY'S FACE
Wbile Heating Wet Sand Young
BlemlicK Is th>e Victim of a
Peculiar Accident.
SAX RAFAEL, April 27.— The young son of B. Brenfliek, a gardener,
formerly employed to keep in order the grounds of the O'Conner
house, where Dr. C. F. Buckley now lives, was the victim of a most
peculiar accident last evening, which may result in the loss of one or
both eyes. It seems that young Brenflick's sister lay sick. with the grip,
and in order to keep her from taking a chill the boy filled a siphon
bottle with sand and placed it in the oven Of the stove to heat. In a
few minutes he went to the stove a-nd took the bottle out. Just as
he laid hoid of it the bottle exploded with such force that the metallic
stopper was driven into the ceiling. So much sand was shot into the
boy's face that when the grains were extracted and the flow of blood
stopped by Dr. Wickman the skin resembled a sieve. Both eyes were
injured but with care the sight will not be lost. An investigation
showed the accident to be the result of ignorance of natural law. The
sand placed in the bottle wf:s damp and the steam generated by the
heat of the ',yen caused the explosion. One remarkable feature was
that while the bottle was blown into a thousand pieces, the walls of the
room being peppered by the bits of glass, not one particle of glass
ledged in th^ boy's face.
pered in its work of enlisting the sup
port of friendly Filipinos by the fear,
by many of them, that the
"anti-expansionists" may obtain con
trol "f the American Government and
cause the withdrawal of the American
troops from the Philippine Islands.
thus they claim, leaving the natives
who had assisted the Americans to the
mercy of Aguinaldo's followers.
Under these circumstances men "f
property are reluctant to risk the re
sults of becoming identified with the
.\- ■ rican regime.
THE HOOKER TO CARRY
CABLE FOR PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, April 27.— The cable
ship Hooker, which has been assigned to
open up communication between the m<->re
Importani islands of tin Philippine archi
pelago, will sail from New York for
Manila Monday. She carries 220 miles of
marine cable in two pieces of equal
 Owing to the nature of the com
position which forms the outer casing: Tor
the wires, the cable must be kept con
tinually submerged in water, and will be
carried to the Philippines In two large
castiron tanks.
The Hooker was tr> have sailed from
New York the first of this month, but
when the immense iron tanks were placed
aboard her she was badly strained. -and it
was found necessary to strengthen her
hull before it would be safe for her to
make the voyage. The vessel is one cap
; tured from Spain during the late war.
She was known as the Panama when the
property of her former owners. The
Hooker will also carry to Manila about
twenty-five recruits of the signal corps.
who will replace as many volunteers In
Bl mds whose term of enlistment has
. spired and who desired to return to the
Tnited States.
•OTIS REPORTS ON
RECENT CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON, April 27.— General
Otis reports the following casualties:
KILLED.
First Montana. April 26-Company B,
m Thomas Anderson; K. Private;
('allahan. .
Twentieth Kansas-Company A. Private |
Resil Manahan.
WOUNDED.
Fourth Cavalry. April 10— Cnmnany <i.
Second Lieutenant Leroy kltinge, hand.
Bll #irßt Montana. April B,
Frank Tatten. nose, slight; Adolpn M.
Clay. jaw. severe; I, Edward B. Darvey.
neck! severe. o ,
Twentieth Kansas-Company B, Second
Lieutenant Colton H. Ball. jaw. severe;;
M Private James W. Grahner. axile. se
vere J, Joseph Scott, side, moderatejjuyle !
L. Knox. shoulder, Blight; K. Edward E. |
Harris, thigh, sever-'. !
Utah ArtilUry— Company A, rmate ,
Knnl F. Bolmer, back, severe. i
Sixth Artillery— Company D. Private |
Harold D. Blake, thigh, moderate; b,
Noah R. Land, chest, slight.
GOOD HEALTH OF
THE SECOND DIVISION
WASHINGTON, April Zl.— Under date
bruary 2s Major S. O. L. Potter,
chief surgeon of the Second Brigade, See
- on, in Manila, reports to the
War Department concerning the health
conditions of his command. The briga.de
at that time consisted of the First Colo
rado First South Dakota and First Ne
braska They had been in action and lost
thirteen killed nnd forty-nine wounded. It
was this brigade that moved out and cap
tured the water works, which for some
time were in possession of the Filipinos.
The health nf the brigade was considered
excellent, better than it had been at any
time in four months. The percentage of
Bick waa only 5.5, including the wounded.
The food was good and included fresh
1■ ef seven out of ten days. The troops
-belter tents raised on bamboo plat
forms. The surgeon recommended helmet
hats and khaki suits for the hot season.
DEATH AND RUIN
IN CYCLONE'S PATH
Continued from First Page.
very largely populated by students of
the Normal School and the American
School of Osteopathy. Marcus Ward's
Young Indies' Seminary was a couple
of hundred yards east of the storm's
path. A hotel building close to it was
demolished. A score of guests stood up
on the porticos and in the dining-rooms
of the Still House, half a mile west of
the storm's path, and saw it sweep
majestically through the town, terrified
at the manifestation of the ruin and
death it was wreaking. Roofs blew
ahead of the blast like leaves.
Seemingly far in front of the revolv
ing point of the dun cloud stuff, and
full 100 yards in the sky, now and then
a great branching tree would toss un
in the arms of the blast high over the
city and spin on ahead like a wheat
straw out of a threshing machine.
People are found on every side who
tell of seeing human forms sweeping
skyward as birds, and from the list
of missing. among East Side families
the Btory seems credible.
One horse was blown out of the
shafts of a road wagon which lodged
against the front of a house in the edge
of the wind's track. No one knows
what became of the animal. Members
of households disappeared with the
partial demolition of homes, while oth
ers remained unhurt among the debris.
Along the edge of the storm path,
holes are seen through frame houses
as If punctured by cannon balls.
A second edition of the cyclone fol
lowed the first in about twenty min
utes. It came as an ink black cloud,
widely distributed, and covered the
whole town. On its front the terrified
people beheld a gleaming yellow crest
with a sweeping, changing, ominous
aspect that betokened another chariot
of death. Many took refuge in cellars
while others awaited their fate in calm,
deliberate observation. The tall end
of the cyclone did not break upon
Kirksville, however, seeming to go by
overhead, gathering fury as it. went.
It is believed generally that this sec
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1899.
■ >nd cyclonic wave dropped down to the
ground before traveling much farther
on its journey. The heavens became
black for fifteen minutes, after which
a heavy rain fell for an hour and a half.
By 8 o'clock the sky was clear and
starry.
Mayor Noonan telegraphed at 8
o'clock to every station between Bloom
fleld, lowa, and Moberly, Mo., for sur
gical assistance, as the list of maimed
had swelled up to about 1000. Under
takers have wired to St. Louis and Chi
cago rush orders for coffins. A sub
scription has been started for the relief
<>f the sufferers.
Scores of families will be rendered ab
solutely destitute. There is no doubt
that outside assistance w<fuld be ap
preciated to care for these unfortunates
who by daylight will be wards of the
bounty of their neighbors.
THE SECOND STORM
DESCENDS ON NEWTOWN
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 27.— A spe
cial to the Journal from Chillicothe,
Me, says: A tornado, probably the
samp one that swept over Klrksville,
struck Newtown, a small town in Sulli
van County, to-night, and caused terri
ble destruction. It is reported that fif
teen persons were killed in the city and
that many others were killed in the
country near there. A great number
of buildings were blown down. A heavy
rain followed the tornado, adding
greatly to the damage. A Chicago,
Milwaukee and St. Paul railroad bridge
is said to have been washed out. Only
;i partial list of the casualties can be
obtained. The station agent of the Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul at New
town reports the killed and wounded as
follows:
KILLED.
Sherman Besher, wife and three chil
dren.
Landon Evans and two daughters.
William Hays, wife and child.
SERIOUSLY INJURED.
Three Hays children.
Julia Evans.
A. J. Jones, wife and two children.
SLIGHTLY INJURED.
Mrs. Mary Gregory and daughter.
Mrs. Pierce and sister.
Mrs. Flagg.
Mrs. Herman Wilson.
Mrs. Limbiney.
Dave Sanford, wife and three child
ren.
Mr. McQuiSton and wife.
Mose Guymnn and wife.
Mrs. John Johnson.
HOUSE RAISED AND
DASHED TO PIECES
OMAHA, April 27.— A special to the
Bee from Onawa, lowa, says: A ter
rifle windstorm, followed by rain and
hail, swept the Soldier Valley last night,
leaving death and ruin in its path, over
an inch of rain fell and a heavy hail- j
storm lasted twelve minutes.
THE DEAD.
LESLIE FURNE, aged 10 years, bob
of George Fume.
THE INJURED.
George Fume, frightfully bruised;
will recover.
Mrs. George Fume, back crushed and
big splinter driven through thigh; may
die.
Harry Fume, aged IS, skull crushed; \
will die.
Lewis Larron, hired man on Fume
place, skin torn from face, some bones
broken; will recover.
Arnt Amundson, cut about head, col
larbone and one leg broken; will die.
Peter Peterson, one leg broken, scalp
torn and skull crushed; injuries fatal.
The storm was the most severe at
the home of the Fumes. The family
had gone to bed when they were
awakened by a terrific noise. The
house was raised bodily and dashed I
to pieces. The boy, Leslie, was found
dead sixty feet away. Everything on
the place was wrecked. The tornado
first made its appearance at the farm
of George Swenson, in Monroe County.
and wrecked everything. The family
escaped by taking to the cellar. The
storm then crossed over into Crawford
County and destroyed buildings and
stock on the farms of Rev. H. J. S.
Jc-reham, Anton Hanson, Arnt Amund
son, G. W. Dryden, George Fume and
Louis Peters.
Everything in the path of the storm
was carried off the face of the earth,
trees being torn up by the roots and
buildings scattered to the four winds
of heaven.
COPPER COMBINE FORMED.
Ha 6 a Big Capital and Will Control
The Country's Output.
NEW YORK, April 27.— The Amalgam
ated Copper company, a combination of a
number of the principal copper concerns
in the country, effected organization in
Jersey City to-day. The capitalization is
$75,000,000. The charter allows the com
pany to mine, smelt and mill copper and
also gold, silver and other meials. Its
provisions also cover everything the com
pany is ever likely to desire to do, includ
ing buying and selling, building and erect
ing plants and acquiring properties.
The directors elected to-day were Henry
H. Rogers. William Rockefeller, Marcus
Duty. Frederick P. Olcott, James Skill
man, Roswell P. Flower. Robert Bacon
and Albert C. Burrage. The following of
ficers were ejected: Marcus Daly, presi
dent; Henry H. Rogers, vice president;
William Rockefeller, secretary and treas
urer. Messrs. Rogers, Rockefeller and
Burrage were elected members of the ex
ecutive committee.
Not Subject to War Tax.
"WASHINGTON. April 27.—Commission
er Wilson of the Internal Revenue Bureau
has decided that baseball games by col
lege and amateur or local clubs for which
an admission fee is charged are not sub
ject to the special tax under the act of
June 13, ISSS.
. ■ ♦ . •
VASE AND ORNAMENT DAT.
Some articles cut 60 per cent.
Some articles cut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
i■■■■ . - . - -
UNVEILED STATUE
OF GENERAL GRANT
j Three Generations of the
Family Present.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA7~ApriI 27.-In the
presence of President McKinley and his
wife, members of his Cabinet, three gen
; erations of General U. S. Grant's family
and a great crowd of people Miss Rose
mary Sartoris, granddaughter of General
Grant, to-day unveiled an heroic ecjues
: trian statue of her illustrious grandfather
! in Fairmount Park. Although the day was
| not a holiday in honor of the event, there
i was a great outpouring of patriotic citi
| zens. Flags were everywhere displayed
throughout the city and the ships in the
harbor were gayly dressed in colors. This
; city each year commemorates the birth
: day of General Grant, but never did it
: celebrate it as it did to-day. The weather
was beautiful. The morning broke dull
* and gray and gave every indication of
; rain, but early in the morning the sun
i came out and his warm rays were never
! again crossed by clouds during the day.
President McKinley and Mrs. McKinley
enjoyed themselves Immensely during
their outing to-day. Everywhere they
were warmly greeted by the people, to
which both of them graciously responded.
! The President showed no signs of his re
i cent slight indisposition. Next to the
President and his wife, Mrs. Grant and
Miss Sartoris shared the attention of the
| people, and they, too. were cheered every
where they were recognized. The unvefl
; ing was a great success in every way; not
an accident marred the occasion, nor was
there a hitch at any time during the day.
The statue is located in a beautiful siiot
| along the east drive of the Schuylkill
River, in Fairmount Park. It is the gift
: of the Fairmount Park Art Association to
the people of Philadelphia.
The gallant little cruiser Raleigh, now
lying in the Delaware off this city, was
not lost sight of during the unveiling
; ceremonies. All day long great crowds
visited the river near where the cruiser
: is lying, and hundreds of people paid a
! visit on board and were shown about the
! vessel. The only active part the cruiser
] took in the ceremonies of the day was
the firing of a salute as the monument
was unveiled.
A most pleasing incident was the greet
ing between the President and the in
trepid Coghlan. captain of the Raleigh.
This was the first opportunity the Presi
dent has had of talking to the commander
6f the Raleigh since his arrival in this
cnuntrv. Every one watched to see how
the fighting captain would be received by
: the President of the United States, and a
great cheer went up as the President
stretched forth his hand and grasped that
of the commander. The President smiled
ami seemed In every way pleased to greet
the captain. The President Immediately
engaged in conversation with Captain
Coghlan, which lasted for fully two
minutes.
There was a review of the 6000 troops.
The parade was started at 2:30 o'clock.
' and trie line of inarch was north on Broad
r from Spruce, around the City Hall
; to Spring Garden street, thence west to
i the river drive in Fairmount Park and
! then up the drive past the statue. The
; parade reached the reviewing stand a few
. minutes after the statue had been un
veiled.
KfIUTZ VERY
CLOSE TO BEING
RECALLED
Continued from First Page.
among administration officials of
the advisability of the President
issuing a general order to army
and navy officers, prohibiting
them from discussing interna
tional affairs or writing concern
ing official matters to relatives
and friends.
So far as Captain Coghlan is
concerned, it is said that it was
not Secretary Long's purpose to
relieve him before he left Wash
ington to-day for Philadelphia,
and he will not do so unless his
conference with the President in
that city should show the advis
ability of such action. The let
ter of reprimand already sent to
Captain Coghlan will hardly be
made public, unless the captain
gives it out himself.
MONAGHAN BEHEADED
BEFORE HIS DEATH
There Is Still Fierce Fighting Among
the Natives of the Somoan
Islands.
AUCKLAND, N. Z., April 27.—Par
ticulars of the fighting in Samoa, con
tained in the advices received here from
Apia under date of April 18, show that
the battle between the friendly natives
and the rebels took place at Vailelo,
and that the latter lost one hundred
men in killed and wounded.
Further details of the deaths of En
sign J. R. Monaghan of the United
States cruiser Philadelphia and Lieu
tenant P. V. Lansdale of the same ves
sel have been received. Monaghan
was beheaded before he was dead. A
deserter from the Mataafa forces says
Monaghan and Lansdale were retreat
ing when they were discovered by a
chief and his wife, who were looking
for dead men. They gave the alarm
and Monaghan was shot while continu
ing the retreat. Later, it appears, the
rebels returned and killed Lansdale.
Monaghan fought until he was wound
ed and he was then beheaded. The
Joctor's examination of the remains
:>nnrms the statements made.
Suatelle. the principal rebel chief, ran
i away and told his people a hundred
i British had been killed.
Mataafan deserters assert that the
Germans sent cartridges in bags of
I rice and sugar along the coast in De
-1 cember.
Admiral Kautz, it is assorted in the
advices received, fired a blank shot on
! April S across the bows of a German
: schooner which was leaving Apia with
i out reporting.
The rebels, who were in possession of
the late Robert L. Stevenson's house
and some forts, were attacked in thr:
t rear by some Tamasese friendlies, who
killed thrre of them and wounded oth
ers. One friendly native was killed in
the fight.
Frightful weather has been prevail
! ing at Apia, the sailors being com
i pelled to sleep four nights in the wet
| trenches.
The friendly natives under the com
! mand of Lieutenant R. A. Gaunt of the
j British third-class cruiser Porpoise
! were attacked on April 12 from the
French mission station at Falita. One
of his men was wounded. The rebels
were eventually routed with the loss of
four men killed. The Tamasese lines
were extended April 13 to the Vailelema
SATISFIED WITH
OTIS' CONDUCT
IN PHILIPPINES
Secretary Alger Declares That
General Miles Will Not Be
Sent to Take Command.
WASHINGTON, April 27.—"We have
no secrets about the Philippine cam
paign," said Secretary Alger to-day.
"All the news we receive from Manila
regarding the campaign is given to the
public. The President directed that
this should be done. There is no un
easiness over the situation in the Phil- !
ippines more than we have had since
i Aguinaldo went on the warpath. The
President and Secretary of War have
perfect confidence in Major General
Otis, and those who act with him in
the Philippines. The public should re
member we do not have to rely upon
Otis alone, though he is a soldier who
deserves the confidence of the Govern- j
ment. But General Otis has with him
the Philippines Commission, of which
he and Dewey are members. He is act
ing in harmony with the commission,
and in the campaign he has the coun
j sel of Dewey and other members, who
] are studying the peace side of the
proposition. There is no reason to fear
; Otis and Dewey and the commission
will lose sight of the main purpose,
which is peaceable control of the
■ islands.
"In the strictly military campaign,
| General Otis has in the field executing
his orders Lawton, Mac Arthur,
Wheaton and Hale, who are among the
best we have in the army. They are all
working in perfect harmony, so far as
we know, and they are on the ground.
| and ought to be trusted as men who
understand what they are doing, and
what is necessary to be done.
•'The President is not interfering with
! the campaign in the Philippines as con
ducted by General Otis. Jt would be
inexcusable interference to set him
aside and send another general to the
Philippines to take command. It has
not been thought of by the President, i
: He has not thought o£ sending Miles
i or any one else to the Philippines to |
. battlefield. Here Mataafa attacked the
! friendlies and Gaunt's brigade joined
•in the engagement and fought well.
Four bodies of slain rebeis were re
covered. The others were dragged
away. One friendly was killed and be
headed. The rebels had a German nag
flying from their forts.
About 2000 women and children have
sought refuge at the Maluit station of
the London Missionary Society.
The rebels are seizing the traders'
rifles, cartridges and stores, and the
traders are fleeing to Apia. Business
is at a standstill and a strong land force
is urgently needed.
Yon Buelow, formerly a lieutenant in
the German army and the man who or
ganized the forces of Mataafa here,
I armed with a sword, gun and car
tridges, proceeded to Savaii with thir
teen Boats nnd 400 rebels, and the Ger
man warship Falke sailed on a secret
I mission with Herr Hose and the Ger
man Consul on board. Captain Leslie
C. Stuart, commander of the British
third-class cruiser Tauranga, in the
absence of Admiral Kautz, who was
coaling the Philadelphia at Pango-
Pango, wrote to the German Consul,
urging him to secure Yon Buelo-w, and
the next day the Falke returned with
Yon Buelow on board.
The offer of New Zealand to send
troops to Samoa caused enthusiasm at
Apia. The inhabitants are almost
; unanimous in the belief that the Ber
lin treaty is a failure and there is a
! strong feeling in favor of annexation.
Prominent American citizens and Brit
ish subjects say unless Mataafa is sub
: dued another war is inevitable within a
i year.
The British third-class cruiser Por
poise is still engaged in punitive cruises.
On April 15 a battle was fought at
Mangia, fifteen miles east of Apia.
About 2000 rebels attacked a Gaunt
landing party, consisting of about 100
i men. The latter were subjected to a
' hot fire and retreated to the shelving
beach, where they defended themselves
bravely for a time and afterward swam
back to their boats under a heavy fire.
Chief Aulinangi, with twelve friendly
; natives, refused to retire, and charged
into a burning village, driving a num
; ber of rebels before him with splendid,
reckless bravery. Gaunt's party then
returned to the assistance of the friend
lies and the whole party retired, with
four men wounded and after several of
the party had miraculously escaped.
The cutter belonging to the party fired
all its Nordenfeldt ammunition during
; the fight and the Porpoise frequently
'■ shelled the bush. The rebels had eight
i men killed and many wounded. Only
j one of the bluejackets in the cutter was
wounded.
A trader fled toward the warship and
succeeded in escaping, although six
rebels took deliberate aim at him as he
was rowing off.
On April 17 a second battle was
fought at Vailelema. The fighting was
i desperate, the rebels holding strong
fortifications, which were ineffectively
Shelled by the ships. The friendJies ad
vanced to the attack, with Falioalete
and Dana on the left, Gaunt in the
center, with 120 men from Fuamasanga
on the right. Gaunt's party delivered
such a heavy fire that the rebels re
treated to a second and stronger fort
about 150 yards back. The Fuamasanga
friendlies bc-lted, but Gaunt crawled out
to the firing line and drove them back
at the point of his revolver. They then
advanced to attack the second fort, but
found the position too strong and lost
several men killed and wounded.
Ten shells from the ships burst close
behind the rebels and they sang a war
song after the explosion of each shell.
Gaunt again returned to the attack
and heavy firing on both sides fol
lowed, during which the attackers suf
fered further losses. Gaunt succeeded
in crawling to within fifty yards of the
fort, but found it too strong to cap
ture, as the friendly supports were un
reliable. The party then retired in good
order with four men killed and eighteen
• wounded, of which number three were
mortally hurt. The rebel loss was not
I ascertained, but was probably small.
The Tauranga and Porpoise shelled
the position at sundown, but the re
sult of the firing is not known. Gaunt's
brigade and a portion of the friendly
supports stood the fire splendidly.
During the engagement Gaunt sue
! ceeded in capturing a German flag
• which was flying over the first fort.
! The British Consul, E. B. S. Maxse,
; and Mr. Adel, the surgeon of the Phila
delphia, were under fire all day long.
A further attack was to have been
made the next day. On the return of
; the landing party Captain Stuart of the
Tauranga signaled "Well done, Gaunt's
I brigade," and the Americans and Brit
i ish cheered the returning party, whose
vivandiers were proudly carrying the
captured German colors.
KAUTZ MAKES HIS
OFFICIAL REPORT
He Wil Have Plenty of Coal to Sup
ply All of His Needs.
"WASHINGTON, April 27.— The fol
lowing cablegram has been received at
supersede Otis and Dewey and the
commission." , «. h c P ~_
This statement was made by the ! sec
retary of War in reply to mqumeb
about rumors of dissatisfaction with ,
Otis' conduct of the campaign and the
probability of sending Miles to Manila ,
to take command. The story that MUes
had been asked to go to the Phihpp nes
is said to have been started by a mem
ber of Miles' staff after the general s
call at the White House yesterday ar
ternoon. But that call was a personal
one made by Miles to ask that his son |
be appointed a cadet to the military ,
academy at West Point. The President |
did not send for him and did not aio
cuss any other matter with him.
General Miles has recommended the
organization of ten regiments of negro
troops for the Philippines, and he has
also recommended officers to command
them, from major general down
through the list. But he has recom
mended six additional generals for this j
force, while the law permits only one j
major general for every 12,000 troops, |
and one brigadier general for every j
4000 troops. By the greatest stretch of |
the law the President could not com
mission more than four general officers,
though General Miles recommends six.
The recommendation of Miles will not
be acted upon unless Otis asks for
more troops, but it indicates the source
of much talk about organizing the pro- j
visional army. There is urgent demand |
for more commissions in the army, both
from within and without the army.
Some of the officers now in the army j
see an opportunity for promotion In j
such an increase, and men who want
to get into the army hope for commis
sions, if pressure can be brought to
force the President to increase the
army to the full allowance of the law. i
This desire for commissions is the cause |
of most of the rumors that there will
be more troops called for, but that
question rests with the men conducting i
the campaign in the Philippines. If
Otis calls for troops the army will be !
increased, but not till then.
the Navy Department from Admiral
Kautz:
AUCKLAND, N. Z., April 27 (Apia April i
13).— Secretary of the Navy, Washington:
The receipt of your telegrams of March
21 and April 2 is acknowledged. Coal
cannot be obtained at Apia, but must be
ordered from Auckland. Everything is
quiet at Apia. I am not aggressive on
the Mataafa rebels, but I am protecting
the United Sr.ates consulate, United States
property and the government established
by the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court. KAUTZ.
The telegrams referred to in the ad
miral's dispatch refers to the depart- j
ment's inquiry regarding the coal sup- i
ply of the Philadelphia. It is believed
the bunkers of the cruiser are suffi
ciently full to supply the vessel for j
some time, as she is practically at j
anchor. Steps have been taken, how- !
ever, to replenish the Philadelphia's
supply. The Badger carried 1000 tons
of fuel for her, which will last until
the Abarenda arrives at Pago-Pago,
Samoa, to establish a coaling station.
The Abarenda is now at Fort Monroe
and will sail from there the last of this
■week, carrying 2400 tons of the best
Virginia steam coal. She will also con
vey to Pago-Pago material for the
construction of a wharf and coaling
Station to be erected at that port. The |
work of erecting coal sheds will con- j
sume about a year. The wharf proper
is to be T-shaped and will extend out
from shore to the thirty-foot mark. It
win be supported on solid steel piles,
seven inches thick, which will be ;
screwed into the coral forming the
bottom of the harbor. The sheds for
the storage of coal will be of iron and j
the station will be equipped with small j
tramways and automatic steam ma- j
chlnery.
ELECTBIC LINE FOR PHOENIX.
H. E. Huntington and I. W. Hellman
Among the Incorporators.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 27.— Articles of
incorporation of the Pacific Electric Rail
way Company were filed with the Terri
torial Secretary this afternoon. The cap
ital stock of the corporation is $200,000.
The association members are: I. W. Hell
man, H. E Huntington, Antolne Borel,
C. de Guigne, H. W. Hellman. J. Kuhrts,
Frank P. Flint. T. M. Nickell and Charles
Seyler. all of California, and Epes Ran
dolph and Charles Dragre of Arizona. The
object of the association is to own and
operate an electric railway from Phoenix
to Ternpe, by way of the asylum, and to
own and operate a mile of street car line
in Los Angeles. The principal place of
business is Los Angeles, Cal.
CISSIE LOFTTJS DIVORCED.
Liberated From Justin H. McCarthy,
Son of the Irish Leader.
NEW YORK. April 27.— Mrs. Justin
Huntin McCarthy, better known by her
stage name, Cissie Loftus, was to-day
granted a decree of absolute divorce from
her husband, the former member of Par
liament and son of the f amous Irish lead
er. The decree was issued by Justice
Stover in the Supreme Court on the
ground that Mr. McCarthy had been un
duly Intimate with a woman whose name
was not disclosed In trie, published record
of the case.
Anti-Trust Bill Passed.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 27.— The I
House to-day passed finally the Senate i
anti-trust bill which prohibits the forma- j
tions of trusts or combinations to control j
prices of anything sold in the State, and
allows the courts, on application of proper :
authority, to issue restraining orders ;
preventing the continuation and operation
Of trusts and monopolies. The bill gives '
a party injured by any trust the right to i
recover three-fold damages, with attor
ney'a fees.
The Senate passed a bill taxing stores
which sell more than one class of goods
from $300 to $500 for each class more than
one, as set out in the bill.
Landslide at Lowe Inlet.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 27.— The steam
er Queen City brought news this morning
from Fort Simpson of a landslide at Lowe
Inlet. The mountains at that point ex
tend to the water's edge. At their base
a flume is run which carries the water to
canneries on the inlet. This was buried
beneath a mass of boulders, and it will
not be of use until some rocks of about
thirty tons or more are blasted away.
The loss of the flume is a serious one to
the canneries.
Boyd Is Track Captain.
PALO ALTO, April 27.— Trackmen met
this afternoon and elected Hugh J. Boyd
captain of the team for. next year.
Boyd's specialty Is the high jump. He
has been a conscientious trainer for three
years, and his elevation to the captaincy
is a recognition of this rather than any
particularly brilliant work done on the
track. He is a member of the junior class,
with mathematics as major. His home is
in Riverside.
Will Hold a Fair in the Fall.
SAN JOSE, April 27.— The, Santa Clara
and San Mateo Agricultural Association
met to-day and resolved to hold a fair
this fall. It was also determined to al
low the foreclosure suit for $15,000 to pro
ceed unopposed to permit the property to
be sold and to form a new society to buy
it. After obtaining a clear title the new
society will pay its indebtedness either
by mortgage or by selling a portion of
the property.
ACTED WITHOUT
ANY AUTHORITY
Canada Calls Down the
Summit Collectors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SKAGUAY, Alaska, April 21 (via Se
attle, Wash., April 27).— There are no
new developments in the boundary
trouble. It is understood that the Ca
nadian Government has instructed its
Collector to see that all American con
voys are allowed to pass to Log Cabin
as formerly. It is further staled that
the Canadian officials, in stopping con
voys at the Summit, acted without au
thority.
Snowslides are now of frequent oc
currence on the White Pass and Yukon
River, the last one occurring yesterday
and covering the track up far a dis
tance of some 400 feet between Glacier
Station and the tunnel. A gang of men
is at work, but it will take several days
to clear the track.
Mrs. J. W. Potfer, a passenger on the
steamer Farallon, which just arrived,
jumped overboard and was drowned in
Union Pass, between Dix<m Entrance
and Queen Charlotte Sound, at 12
o'clock Monday night, April 17. The
night watchman saw her run out of her
stateroom. She was in her night
clothes, with a sheet wrapped around
her. When she reached the guard she
cried out, "There you are again. I see
you." and throwing <rff the sheet she
leaped overboard. Her body was not
recovered. Her husband is said to live
at 303% Washington street, Portland,
Or
Reports from the Porcupine District
give an instance of American retalia
tion cm Canadians. Several members of
the mounted police located claims and
took fully twenty acres. The Miners
Union cut each of their claims down to
100 feet square, the amount allowed by
the Canadian law.
New Fruit Packing House.
TUBA CITY, April Ground was
broken at this place to-day for a big fruit
packing house. The ouilding; is to be 100
by 150 feet. The latest machinery will be
put in and the plant will be ready for
business in two months. Rosenberg Bros
& Co of San Francisco are the owners
and they will do a great dried fruit pack
ing business for the aorthern part of the
State at the building here.
Married at San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, April 27.-Melville P.
Forbes of 29 Glen Park, San Francisco,
a man prominent in Odd Fellow circles,
Becured a license from Uerk Uraham to
day and was quietly married to Miss bo
phia H. Hutton of 1122 Union street Ala
meda. Rev. Dr. Marshall of the Metho
dist church officiated.
An Earthquake Shock.
WOODLAND, April 27.— A distinct
earthquake shock was felt here Wednes
day night about 10 o'clock. The motion
was north and south and the disturbance
lasted only three or four seconds. It ap
pears to have been only local in char
acter. '
Invested With Prelate Bobes.
PHILADELPHIA. April 27 —The cere
mony of Investing Monsignor James F.
Laughlin with the robes of a domestic
prelate of the pontifical court of Pope
Leo XIII took place to-day in the cathe
dral Archbishop Ryan and Bishop Shan
ley of Fargo, N. D., officiating.
Yellow Fever Serum Sought.
Special Cable tr> The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
ilon Bennett.
MONTEVIDEO, April 27.— The Sanitary
i Office is receiving requests from Mexico
I for yellow fever serum. It Is said to have
I proved efficacious in many cases.
Victim of Pneumonia.
ODLAND. April 27.— Anthony Dole,
an old resident, died of pneumonia near
Madison Wednesday^
A large paper house with sixteen rooms
has been erected by a Russian gentleman
at his country seat. The house was con
structed in New York by an American
engineer, and cost 80,000 rubles. Ita
architect declares that it will last longer
than a stone building.
r^\ This Is of
kfv Interest
>U;/f to Yon.
V/-S 'jwV- y
>JMiM%\ Every
(*-J WS Man
yj&.Tv Woman
WHO CONTEMPLATES A SUMMER'S
outing should be careful in selecting a
location where MALARIA 'is not prevalent.
It is not the boggy lands or swamp lands
! alone that are favorable to the development of
j malaria, for this germ lives and thrives in
1 very shady and damp places, in dark ■ and
' damp cellars, in damp and poorly ventilated
houses, and in those districts where tearing up
' of streets and excavating Is being done.
The air we breathe, in the city as well as In
; the country. is very often impregnated with
this malarial miasma. While your constitution
! may be rugged, and for a time you may be
i able to overcome this poisonous Influence,
f eventually the symptoms will manifest them-
( selves. You will observe a feeling of lan-
guor and lassitude. You will suffer with
headaches (Fig. 1). yellow eyes (Pi g. 2).
coated tongue and offensive breath (Fig.
S), impaired digestion (Fig. 4). torpid or
inactive liver (Fig. 5). aches in the limbs and
oint" (F gs -">■ Other symptoms are loss of
> appetite sallow complexion, tired and worn-
! out feeling, dumb chills. Usually two or three
'■ of the above symptoms are present in the
earlier stages of malarial poisoning, and it Is
i now that the remedy is indicated. You can
! now save yourself from getting bedfast with
! rhllls and fever by taking HUDYAN.
i HUDYAN WILL CURE YOU IF YOU SUF-
-1 FER FROM MALARIA IN ANY OF ITS
STAGES. HUMAN will strengthen and stim-
ulate the torpid liver that usually results;
! HUDYAN will correct the bowels. HUDYAN
' does not purge and make you sick like the
drastic cathartics that are usually adminis-
tered in these cases, but it acts gently and
naturally, stimulating all the organs con-
cerned in digestion and assimilation, causing
the various Intestinal juices to flow as nature
Intended. Malaria causes biliousness. Remem-
ber that HUDYAN wilt cure you. HUDYAN
is far preferable to calomel, blue mass, cathar-
tic pills, and all other nauseating, drugs that
leave the digestive organs in a worse shape
than ever. HUDYAN has no bad after-effects.
HUDYAN restores the various functions nat-
urally and effectively. HI'DYAN is a destroyer
of disease germs, and this makes it a remedy
far superior to any other In the treatment of
malaria and malarial poisoning.
HUDYAN will relieve and cure those dis-
tressing headaches; HUDYAN will increase the'
appetite and build up your system; HUDYAN
will purify .your blood and remove that yellow
color from your eyes and sklh. . ■
HUDYAN cures all Stomach, Liver, Kidney,
Nervous and BloodJ3iseases. i
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists, 50c a
package, or six packages for $2 50. ■ If your
druggist does 'not keep HUDYAN send direct
to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO., corner Stock-
ton, Ellis and Market streets, San Francisco,
Cal.
You Have the Privilege of Consulting
the Hudyan Doctors About Your Cat**
Free of Charge. Call or. WriU. ;j :;PARADE AND ELECTION
OF THE NATIVE SONS
SALINAS, April 27.— A very tired set
of Native Sons assembled in the
Opera-house this morning to begin
the work of the closing and most
important day of the present con
vention of the Grand Parlor, Native Sons
of the Golden West, for with very hard
work and very enthusiastic pleasure, as
In the case of the Argonauts' initiation
ceremonies last night, the delegates found
themselves pretty well worn out. No in
dications of flagging zeal or lack of In
terest in the day's proceedings were mani
fested, however.
The only persons who showed absolutely
no fatigue were the Indefatigable work
ers In the severnl campaigns that closed
to-day. These skillful "wire-pullers" were
Just as eager to present their respective
candidates' admirable qualities and es
pecial fitness for the office toward which
their aspirations pointed and just as en
ergetic in 'drumming up votes as they
were on the first day of" the convention.
The momentous questions for next year's
grand ofllcers. the questions that have
intruded themselves Into the most reck
less of the gayeties of the past week with
an insistence that would have been an
noying had it not been so engrossing,
have at last been decided, and everybody,
even disappointed aspirants, feel relieved
that it Is over.
The present session has been notable
for one of the hottest contests the Grand
Parlor has ever known, and bo much in
the way of "politics" has been carried on
that the atmosphere has been full of the
"zip" of very taut wires and occasionally
the snap of one which resistance at both
finis had caused to break in two in the
middle, bringing* each puller flat on his
Lack In consequence.
Again rain came to mar the happiness
of those who had charge of the arrange
inonts for the parade that was postponed
from Tuesday to to-day. Indeed, almost
up to the hour set for the spectacle it was
tt matter of doubt whether the weather
would permit the various bodies to march.
The condition of the weather under foot
os well aB overhead had to be carefully
considered, on account of the school chil
dren, whose drill was to make one of the
features of the procession, and the parade
committee felt that it could run no risk
of these 1100 little folks getting a wetting
rind some of them a cold in consequence.
Beauty ami persevemnoe drove the threaten
ing frowns from the face of the Storm King
this mornlnK, and though he was in a dls
fnting pwoil, ready to turn his flood gates
ajar, he fell a captive to the array or splen
dor md charming girls thnt Salinas desired
to present to the view of her guests in public
pageant. Poon the raindrops, that had been
falling at interval? so frequent that they
pepmed about to momentarily run into a heavy
rain, were chaped away by stray rays of sun
hhlne that peeped tantallzlngly. now and then
EAGAN WILL NOT
BE IMPLICATED
At Least He Is Not to
Have Court-Martial.
■al Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK. April 27.— A TVashine
ton special to the Herald says: That
Commissary General Eagan will not be
implicated by tb>> Wade court of in
quiry to such an extent as to necessi
tate his court martial on charges of
• lyine: had beef to the army is
Bhown by the fa< t that ho left Wash
ington last nigrht for San Antonio. Tex.,
on his way to Hawaii.
■ pal Eagan's departure was a
purprise to many. His friends thouerht
he would remain in Washington until
the court submitted its report, and it
not known whether further Dro
linga should he begun against him.
He was called by the court several
. . testify on a number of
olnts, and it Is assumed he then com
municated his Intention of leaving
Washington, and finding there was no
reason why he shouid remain, he left
the city.
The court is expected to submit Its
report to-morrow, and is exoected to
find that General Miles' allegations
were unfounded. The condition of the
beef will be ascribed to the failure of
commissary officers to take care of it.
and Borne quartermaster officers are
likely to be Implicated.
STEPHEN J. FIELD'S
WILL FILED FOR PROBATE
Most of the Estate Left to the Widow,
but Some Minor Bequests
Are Made.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— The will of
the late Stephen J. Field, late Associate
Justice of the United States Supreme
Toiirt, was filed for probate in Washing
ton yesterday afternoon. It was dated
May 25, 1897. Mrs. Field, widow of the
testator. and Sarah Condit-Smlth, hi« sis
ter-in-law, are named as executors. Jus-
Kield's real estate and most of his
personal property are bequeathed to Mrs.
Field BequeMs of jaintlng.s and books
are made to Mrs. Emilia F. Ashburner of
San Francisco, niece of Associate Justice
David J. Brewer of the United States Su
preme Court; to Stephen Field ('hrimia,
grand nephew, and to David Dudley
Field grand nephew. To William Jolce,
who was messenger to Justice Field for
twenty years. JSOO is left.
CHERRIES FROM SUISUN.
BUISUN, April 27.— The first carload of
••dduous fruit from this State this sea
through the rather ominous clouds. Fairer
goddesses never sought favor, and Jupiter
Pluvlus concluded that he had better be a
Jolly good fellow and hie himself hence.
As lonp as there was the slightest prospect
..;' the rain ceasing, the people generally felt
that the parade would take place. Everybody
was anxious that the disappointment of Tues
should not be repeated, and when the
skies began brightening pleasant smiles glad
dened sunny faces. The main street was
quickly thronged with people in merry mood,
while boys and girls and the members
various organizations that were to participate
in the parade. w« re matching to and fr.> to
the strains of lively music so as u< be ready
to take their place in line at the- propel
ment.
Business was banished from all the public
Institutions, the banks and the large mercan
tile and commercial houses, and holiday gurb
assumed. In fact very f»-\v stores were opened
and the holiday was generally observed Dec
orations that had been through the tour days'
siege of varying weather were given a :.-.«
lease In color, and a general brightening ef
fect wits taken on. New streamers of bunt
ing and many handsome designs which had
been made especially for the parade, were
placed In view. Souvenir badges and small
flags and rosettes of purple and gold were
worn by all the special
It was ju.-U the hour set for the parad
put their best feet forward, when Grand Mar
shal H. R. Farley gave the word ol com
mand that started the main column march
ing down Main street. 'Hie marshal was
mounted on a larg.- white horse that was
proudly conscious of the tew scattering golden
colored ribbons thai waved from his neck. A
sash of gol.i !nl white, and a straw hat of
Argonaut patten, were worn by Farley. The
adds to the marshal wore a regalia similar to
that of their chief. They were S. N. Matthews,
A. J. Zabala, P. J. Grlifin, J. O. Borondu, B.
V. Sargent and E. Alzina.
I'ensrl} crowded were the sidewalks i
profession moved. People filled the windows
and lower roofs of the houses and i ;
enthusiastically. Ladies waved their handker
chiefs in token of welcome, and
girl !n array of pure white and hi i cutest
dimples devoted odd moments t.> snapping her
kodak. The kodak fiend of the gender mascu
line was omnipotent, and he hud a perfect
heaven of fun In shooting the paraders, with
the High School girls as hia particular
Ites.
Troop C*a band headed the pr.x'ession, while
the ti ng. Veteran* of
the Mexican war were next In line, while G
A R. members followed. The Salinas City Fir.-
Department followed, after which can., city
officials in carriages. Mayor France and the
Councilman were together, and were followed
by members of the Board of Education. A
handsome float preceded the ladies of ,\IpH
Parlor No. 102 of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West. The float was placed on a large
wagon drawn by twelve white horses, and In
the gn lentatlve figures were Gerald
Dexter as Uncle Sam and Miss Winnie l>e\Vitt
as Columbia. The display attracted much at
tention and praise. Those in line were: Mes
.lames Louisa Hare, past president; Ariana
Sterling, president; Cora McCandless, first vice
n; Mrs. Patton, Becond vice president;
Mabel Harvey, third vice president; Edith
Baker, financial secretary; Nathalia riark, re
g secretary; Fanny K^t' n, treasurer;
Florence Abbott, marshal; Adelaide Harris, In
ride sentinel; Beatrice porter, outside sentinel;
Florence Blanchard, Anastacla Matthews and
Grace Shearer, trustees; Mabel Alexander,
Flizai.etti Black. Lena H>-ave r . Margaret Ben-
Margaret Clausaen, Esther Clough, Anna!
Dougherty Ivy Eaton, Donna Hitchcock, Nellie
son was shipped from Bulsun this even
ing to Chicago by the Alden Anderson
Fruit Company. It was made up r,f cher
ries from this place and Vacaville, and
carries consignments co the Porter Broth-
Company and the Earl Fruit. Com-
The next car will go forward May 2.
As was predicted a tew weeks ago, the
cherry crop Is unprccedentedly tight.
There will not be over five carloads
, shipped from Suisun this year, as against
forty-five cars in 1898. The rainfall of the
past week was .62 of an inch. 'lt was of
great benefit to growing crops.
EASY VICTORY OF GIANTS
OVER THE SENATORS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Club?— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
; St. Louis 7 1 .875 Cincinnati .. 5 5 .GOO
Philadelphia. 8 4 .606 Baltimore ... 6 6 .454
Brooklyn .... 7 4 .636 New York... 4 6 .400 ,
Boston 7 4 .636 Pittsburg ... 2 5 .2*B !
Chicago *> 6 .615 Washington.. 2 9 .ISI
Louisville ... 6 4 .665 Cleveland ... 1 6 .143 (
WASHINGTON, April 27.— Another ragged I
game resulted In an easy victory for New York.
McFarland pitched fairly well, but his support
was of minor league order, and the Senators'
batting likewise was weak. The majority of
the runs scored were made on errors. Attend
ance, 800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 2 6 3
New York 7 11 2
Batteries— McFarland and McGulre; Doheny
and Orady. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
PHILADELPHIA, April 27.— Boston played
more like a lot of schoolboys than champions
to-day. Klobedanz was knocked out In half an
inning, and Streit, who was substituted, was
but of little improvement. Stahl pitched the
last two Innings. Bostons' fielding was very
ragged. Fraser. for the Phillies, pitched a
steady game and was well supported, the only
error being a wild throw by cross. Fourteen
of the Quakers went to first on balls and two
by being hit. Attendance, 6078. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Boston 3 < '
Philadelphia 2° n 1
Batteries— Klobedanz. Streit and Clarke;
Fraser and McFarland. Umpires— Emslie and
McDonald.
NEW YORK, April 27.— The Brooklyns made
It three straight from the Orioles to-day by
Buperlor all-around playing. An error by Ma
goon let in two runs in th" third. while Kelly's
triple In the seventh, with two men on bases,
clinched the victory. Both Hughes and Mc-
Glnnty pitched good ball, the former keeping
the hits well scattered. The Baltimores had
three on bases In the ninth Inning with one
man out, but tallied only once. Attendance,
3100. Score:
Clubs— • ll - H. E.
Baltimore % ' *
Brooklyn • 6 8 1
Batteries— McGinnty and Robinson; Hushes
and Farrell. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews.
CHICAGO, April 27. -The Orphans started
the home season by winning a close game from j
the Reds. The visitors played perfectly In the |
field and outbatted the locals, but their hits
were well scattered. Ryan was presented with j
an elegant timepiece and rewarded his friends ;
with a long two-bagger that won the game in
the fifth Inning. Attendance, 9600. Score:
Clubs- R - H - E.
Chicago • * * i
Cincinnati 3 8 0
Batteries— Taylor and Donahue: Hawley and
Peltz. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
. --♦-
Death of Sam T. Jack.
NEW YORK, April 27.- -Sam T. Jack,
the well known theatrical manager, died
to-night of cancer of the liver, aged 46
yean*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1899.
Hazen, Jessie Hughes, Mamie Hehbron, Lizzie
Howard, Minda Johnson, Ida Metz, Florence
Avers. Amelia Black, Sylvia Boyce, Rebecca
Bullene. Edith Clark, May Dougherty, Winifred
I'fUiu. Linda Qeil, Jessie Hetherington,
Minnie Hansen, Mrs. AJlca Hebert, Josephine
Hebbron, Effle Joy, Fannie Johnston, Ora
Lauritzen, Nettie Metz; 1 Laura Magulre, Zoe
McDougall, Ella Stirling, Ida Walker, Mattle
McHarry, Annette Smith, Mary Taylor, Annie
Wyatt, I liana Petersen, Laura Petersen,
Harriet Rawson, Anita storm, Pauline Schuch
ard Gertrude Tynan. Addle Turner, .T •-] i tii •■
Williams, Belle WilMams, Margaret McGrury,
Haiti. ■ Pierson, Abbie Storm, Anita Smith.
Bess!.- Taylor, Mattle Williams and Louise
Webb. They were all attired in white with
I ild, their pretty white hats being
trimmed In the game color. They all carried
. bunches of esi hsi h It ilas.
The cutesi as well as the most unique fea
' t'.ir<' i Bston was the appearan >f
the little fellows who form the Juvenile fire
department. LTnder the tutelage <>f .T. T,.
tli" children have attained sin h a de
gress of proficiency in the management of their
miniature organization for fighting flames of
destruction that Lhey won praise from those
who watched their maneuvers with delight.
Twenty-three little fellows dressed in knick
erbockers, flaming red shirts and \vhlte raps,
had hold "f the ropes which were attached to
■ k and laddei truck.
The first of the paradi waa the 1 73 High
led by the Fifth Regiment
The young ladies presented
8 1 • autlful picture and they won the admira
tion of the enthusiastic thousands who had
\9utp of seeing them. Kach was in a
neai and spotless dress of white, taa|efully
trimmed In colors of gold, pome with
and rosettes of purple and gold, and all carry
ing Jai f picturesque and vary
ing designs. In three platoons they marched
with perfect step and glowing cheeks, th*
cynosure of all eyes, ar.d as pretty a phalanx
mlslng young beauties as ever inarched
in any city. Tl a Beriea of Intri
cate and interesting maneuvers that won f.>r
them the encomiums of the spectators an.'.
• ers from the i ther paraders.
The following organizations were also in line:
Independent Order of Odd Fellows, -•»> strong;
ters from Salinas, Monterey, Castroville,
lad, Watsonvllle and Santa Cruz, :' IW >
strong, with three fl.iut~: Knights of Pythias.
• mbers; Danta No. 1. 00 men; UflO
b< hool children; Woodmen of the World,
50 In number; Santa Cruz nnd Watson
vllle league baseball teams: Salinas Kir< i >.•
Parlor, Native Daughters, lfH>;
Santa Lucfaa Parlor, Native Sons, and visiting
delegates, 6»)0.
The line of march was short on account of
the muddy streets. The procession counter
marched at San I.vis street, so that members
of the X. S '". W. were given an opportunity
..if e^int all those in line, and they cheered
eai h and every company vigorously, though
they vi^rc most demonstrative in favor of the
High School young ladles and school children.
Although there were many hundred people to
witness it, tii- meeting between the Santa Cruz
and Watsonvllle league baseball t.-ams this af
ternoon developed what Is styled a fake. Peo
ple went to see what was represented would
Em a baseball same. Representatives of the
clubs came to Salinas and guaranteed that they
would have their respective teams play just
the same as they would If contesting for su
premacy In a championShip contest. It was
only after this was understood that they were
given, as it were, the sanction of the local
parlor of the N. S. G. W.. us It was the pur
pose of the people of this city that their guests
should have this form of amusement at its
best. Balsz and Donlln, the regular pitchers
QUEEN FLORA'S
RULE IS BEGUN
Opening of Redwood's
Flower Carnival.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April 27.— Queen
Flora balds sway here to-night, and will
continue to reign supreme until Saturday
night. At least once a year, and some
times twice, a flower carnival Is held at
this place by the directors of the Freo
Kindergarten Association for the benefit
of the association, this being the only
means of meeting the expenses of the
kindergarten school. For the last six or
seven years the school has been r un on
the revenue derived in this way until at
the present time the event has come to
be one of the most generally recognized
of the season. The patrons and friends
of the school have been and continue to
be most liberal in their support. The
present carnival, in the profusion of
flowers displayed, bids fair to be one of
the most successful ever held, this being
an exceptionally fine year In this valley
for (lowers. There will be no distinctive
flower shown this year, but the display,
will be general, carnations, roses and
sweet peas predominating.
The large Germania Hall, In which the
fete is being held, is one mass of vari
colored sweet-smelling flowers and plants.
Huge festoons of roses are hung from
ceiling and wall. The corners are
banked with one mass of bright colors.
The decorations are very neat, and much
tasie and skill have been shown in the ar
rangement of the tables. Immediately to
the left of the entrance has been placed
the depository, where for 10 cents one
may have his hat. coat, etc., taken care
of for the evening. Miss Kate Nealon
presiding. The northwest corner has
been inclosed by wire netTlng, which is
filled with 'sprays of roses, palms and
ferns, and within this inclosure Icecream
and cake are served by Mrs. F. W. Gleji
nan, Mrs. Havey and Mrs. Sahlberg.
These ladies deserve great credit for the
artistic manner in which they have fitted
up their booth.
The southwest corner of the hall is de
voted to tea drinkers. The floor of the
booth has been covered with matting, and
like the lce< ream booth, this -is inclosed,
the inclosure being covered with natural
growing bamboo, ivy and rose sprays. In
side two large umbrellas are suspended
from the ceiling, one of them being at
least twelve feet in diameter, the tops of
which are covered with ivy. Under these
umbrellas are placed bamboo tables.
Throughout the Inclosure are scattered
large potted ferns and palms, while the
tables are laden with roses . and sweet
peas. Here one may slack her or his
thirst and receive a souvenir cup and
saucer. The booth is In charge of Mrs.
Mansfield. Mrs. Hettin and Mrs. Gert
ridge, who are assisted by three young
ladies in .Japanese costumes. On the north
side of the ball, directly east of the hat
checkroom, is placed the lemonade booth,
presided over by Mrs. J. V. Swift and
Mrs. Townsi ml.
The displays are rich, tasty and pro
fuse and many of them deserve special
mention. Mrs. George C. Boss or Bel-
of Santa Cruz, were put in the box, but
neither of them made any attempt at doing
thf vtrorV he la capable ■•(. Watson vi lie
diil not even pretend to do this. Fielder Berry
was first tried, and then Whalen went in to
let the opposing batsmen knock his delivery
around th>- tit-Id to the tune of eight runs.
The conduct of the players showed that they
; understood that tht-y were to do nothing but
pet through the game in any old way. The
! BCore was 13 t'> 5 in favor of Santa Cruz.
The Grand Parlor convened at 9 ovio.-k.
sharp, Grand President Conley in the chair.
The grand Inside sentinel and grand marshal
being absent, Fred w. Lees was appointed
marshal and '" I*. McLauvhlln inside sentinel
The election of officers havinK been made
a special order of business for 9 o'clock, the
grand president called for nominations Eor
grand president. Grand President Conley ap
pointed as tellers Hast Grand President Spr.mi,
Grand Sin. ml Vice resident Hust and Grand
r I'ritrik Coombs. Grand First Vice
President Frank Mattison of Santa Cruz was
placed In nomination, and there being- no fur
ther nominations, the secretary was Instructed
to cast the vote of the Grand Parlor for Matti
s-.n for president. Foi grand first vie- presi
dent, R. c. Rust of Amador was elected with
out opposition, and Frank I-. Coombs of Napu,
who has served as grand orator for the past
years, was unanimously elected grand second
vice president. Grand Secretary I.unstedt of
California Parlor, who has served in that ca
pacity for the past seventeen years, was re
elei ted grand secretary with"iv opposition.
c.iund Treasure! Henry Martin oi Stanford
Parlor, the favorite ol all the Native Sons,
and who has handled the funds of the grand
order for a number of } ars, wai again elected
as custodian of the Grand Parlor tunds.
The call for nominations for grand orator
brought to a head the fight Which has been
brewing during the entire stay of the uvie^at-vs.
An effort was made to stave oft the election,
but a vote upon h. motion foi a recess was
mercilessly snowed under. Past Grand Presl
dem Bproul nominated Grand Trustee Lewis
P. Byington of Nlantic Parlor, \\hiu- Past
Grand President John T. Greany nominated
Grand Trustee Joseph K. Hawkins of Pa< Iflc
Parlor. Bylngton received IK:', votes and Haw
kins 6L\ Hawkins then moved that the election
of Bylngton be made unanimous, which motion
prevailed amid r"U«HiK cheers.
For grand marshal Milton Besse of Santa
cruz was unanimously elected. For grand In
side sentinel A. W. Fiedler of Ltvermore was
placed in nomination, and the secretary was
instructed to cast the vote of the pailor for
him.
The rames of .1. IT. Mar; use of Marysville
and Max 'iias< .f Alameda. were placed before
the Grand Parlor for outside sentinel.
a vote being taken Marcuse received 135 votes,
while Glass received 69 votes. The election of
Marcuse was made unanimous.
Before retiring from the chair of grand presi
dent, W. M. Conley spoke to his brothers, con
gratulating: the order on its continued progress
and prosperity.
Reports of officers were, read and grand trus
tees were elected as follows: M. T. Pooling,
H Ulster; Charles Dunbar. Santa Rosa: William
Shea, San Francisco; H. R. McNoble, San Jose;
F. A. Cutler. Slskiyou: Frank Barnett, Oak
land; Frank Sablehi, Los Angeles.
At s p. m. the Grand Parlor convened again
t.i install the new officers, after which they
adjourned sine die.
All delegates were Invited to partake of an
•nt banquet at Armory Hull to-night.
Santa Lucia Parlor acted as hosts. About 650
covers were spread. P. E. Zabala, chairman
of the executive committee, acted as toast
master, and many interesting toasts were re
sponded to.
Mont has an excellent display of cut
roses. Krieg and Goertzhain, proprietors
of the Redwood f'itv nursery, have a
large display of palms, ferns, potted
plants and carnations. The McClellans
from Laurel Creek occupy the entire
southeast corner of the building with a
general display. M. Lynch of Menlo Park
has a large table of ferns, carnations,
sweet peas and other varieties. Flowers
have been donated by the owners of the
Stanley. Nichols, Avey, Mills and Felton
places at Menlo Park.
The opening night witnessed a largp and
fashionable assemblage, and from pres
ent appearances the carnival will be a
decided financial success.
An entertaining programme was ren
dered as follows: Opening address, P. S.
Rosseter; piano duet. Mrs. Hanson and
Miss Hadler; vocal solo. James Lynch;
zither solo. P. 11. Maar; vocal duet, Ml 8S
Partee and Mr. Russell; piano solo, Miss
Dolly Kearse; solo, Miss Corcoran; vocal
duet, Messrs. Lynch and Russell; over
ture, string orchestra.
The flower show proper will end Satur
day night, but the ladies in charge have
prepared a programme for Monday,
Dewey day, at which a large gathering
is expected, that being the only celebra
tion of the holiday at this place.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Smith Mustered Out as a Colonel to
Become a Brigadier.
WASHINGTON, April 27. - Assistant
Surgeon Thomas C. McCleave, United
States army, has been ordered to pro
ceed from New York to San Francisco
for assignment to duty.
Recruit Cornelius J. Shea, Presidio of
San Francisco, will oe discharged from
the service of the United States.
Colonel James F. Smith, First Califor
nia Volunteer Infantry, is honorably dis
charged from the service of the United
States aa colonel of baid regiment, to
take effect April 24, by reason of his ac
ceptance on April 25 of the commission of
brigadier general of United States volun
teers. •
Telegraphic instructions directing the
discharge from the service of the United
States of Sergeant Alfred J. Little, Bat*
tery A, California Volunteer Artillery, are
hereby confirmed.
Private Leon Jagocki, Company J Sev
enth United States Infantry, now at' Ma
d barracks. New York, is transferred
to Company E, Ninth United States In
fantry. He will be sent to San Francisco
and will report upon his arrival for trans
portation to Manila.
Captain Calvin D. Cowles, Twenty-third
United States Infantry, recently mustered
out as colonel of the First North Caro
lina Volunteer Infantry, will proceed to
San Francisco and report in person to the
commanding general. Department of Cal
ifornia, for assignment to duty.
Recruit James H. Stevenson, general
'service, now at Presidio of San Francisco
is transferred to the hospital corps as a
private.
Private Joseph R. Gardner Jr.. hospital
corps, Fort Columbus, X. V., will bo sent
to San Francisco and v. ill report upon his
arrival there for transportation to Ma
nila.
Pensions have been granted as follows-
California: Original— Myron W. Har
low, San Francisco, $8; Henry L. Moshier
Sites, $6. Additional— Michael Kelleher!
San Pedro. $ti to $8. Increase— Patrick H
Costello, San Francisco, $6 to $10; Johri
W. Lee, Burbank, $6 .o $8; Marvin B. Hi
att, San Diego, $t> to .58. Special, April 18—
Edward \V. Pippey, Vallejo, $3 to $6. Orig
inal widows, etc.— Mary F. Bell, River
side. $8.
Oregon: Original— George H. Tucker
Portland, $6. Increase— William Davison
Umatilla, $8 to $10.
Washington: Increase— Ralph Phelps
SDokane. Jl2 to $17. ,
GAGE'S INSULT TO
SENATOR PERKINS
The San Pedro Incident
Causes Comment.
DUE TO BURNS' CAMPAIGN
GOVERNOR RESENTED OPPOSI
TION TO THE MEXICAN.
And Took the First Public Occasion
to Show His Dislike of the
Distinguished Northern
Statesman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 27.— The inci
dent during the speeehmaking at San
Pedro yesterday at the opening of the
harbor jubilee festivities, at which time
Governor Henry T. Gage not alone
slighted United States Senator George
C. Perkins, who was a guest of the
executive committee, but refused to
shake hands with the Senator from the
north and later administered a verbal
castigation, is the talk in political cir
cles and is on the tongue of citizens
irrespective of party.
The friends of Senator Perkins .who
> have been loyal to him here at this
time insist that as Perkins toured the
I State in the last campaign for the
ticket headed by Governor Gage, and
that they had always been friends-, the
Governor should not in his own home
town have made so glaring an error in
public as is couched in tht» language
of his Bpeech. These friends of Per
kins believe, however, that as the pres
ent Senatc-r aligned himself, according
to reports, against I Jan Munis and fa- ]
vored the candidacy of r. S. Grant,
that in this is the true reason that has ,
prompted the utterances of the State's
executive, and that this is the begin
ning of the trouble between the Re
publican leaders.
Notwithstanding that the adherents
<>f Perkins state thai he disclaims any
Intention of having attempted to take
• \' eptions to the course of Governor ',
Gage it is known here, and conies from j
undoubted authority, that Perkins was |
fully aware when h»- arrived here yes
terday that the Governor had on sev
eral occasions said that he would at
the first opportunity resent publirly th"
criticisms he alleged Perkins had made
of his official acts. The meeting of the
iv. o gentlemen yesterday, which oc
curred on the speakers' stand, was wit
nessed by a ciowd of notables, who
wtitj keen with curiosity. They noticed
that Senator Perkins was greeted at th>
stand by all of those present excepting
Governor Gage, and it Is recorded by
those who saw the incident that Gage
deliberately turned his back to the '
Senatorial guest. Three times did Per
kins make himself known to Governor
Gage. Finally Perkins said: "Gov
ernor, you live at Uo\vne;> , near which
we passed on the train, do you not?"
This caused a perfunctory response. I
Senator Perkins, who went to San
Francisco on the overland to-night,
was seen by a representative of The
("all, and while guarded in his state
ments he said:
"I had the opportunity to resent the
reflection made by Governor Gage. I
did not take advantage of it because
1 prefer to treat the subject in a gen
tlemanly way. I am a servant only of
the people, and as such whatever treat
ment is accorded me of a personal na
ture a public rostrum on such an occa
sion would not be my choice for mak
ing a reply. If there be any credit due
me it is because 1 observed the dignity
due to those whose guest I was and
who alone can be the best judges of the
course pursued. I would never forget
that Mr. Gage is the chief executive
of the State."
LATE BAIN IMPROVES CROPS.
SAN JOSE, April 27.— Crop reports from
all sections of the county show that the
hay crop will be large and that the late
i<KK>IOOOI<KK>BOOO|O o|^>oo|o<K>|o<K>|<KK>|OOOB
I BAN KRUPT STOCK SALEIf
So * o
0 "- ■ : ®®®<sxsxs®®®®®®®®®® — — 0
H B
1 1 IS/L Is/L E3 E stocks
I Has Been Bought by * I
& ■
■ TO BE SOLD AT ■
BANKRUPT PRICES I
i AT HIS OLD STAND, g
1918=922 Market Street. |
T • ®®®®®®®OSXg®®®®S)® — ■ 0
| SALE NOW IN PROGRESS. I
■<KH>|<KH>|<>o<>|<KK>|OO|o<H>|<>o<>|O<H>|<)^
rain will permit the gram to fill and come
out nicely. Apricots are showing up
much better than last week. Cherries and
prunes will be light, but what they lack
in quantity will be made up in quality.
Poaches will be a very large crop, ditto
apples and pears. Altogether the yield
will be most satisfactory.
SAN ANDREAS, April 27.— 1t is rain
ing hard here to-night and has been doing
so off and on for the past three days.
There are reports of heavy snow in the
mountains. There is a very promising
outlook in every locality in the county for
crops and mining.
MURDERER SULLIVAN
CAUGHT IN NEW MEXICO
Two Years Ago He Fled From Tuol
umne County After Killing
a Mine Watchman.
SONORA. April L'7.— William Sullivan,
who murdered Spencer Gillard at the
Jumper mine. Tuolumne County, on the
night of April 13, 1897. has been captured
at Silver City. N. M. Sheriff Price of this
county started for Sacramento this morn
ing to procure requisition papers, when
he will proceed to Silver City to bring
Sullivan from Sonora.
The murder was a cold-blooded one.
Gillard was nitrht watchman at the
Jumper mine. Sullivan fancied that Gil
lard had reported something on him. bor
rowed a rifle and shot Gillard to death
In the darkness of the night and escaped.
Sheriff Price got on his track in the
southern part of California last year and
stnt an officer down there, but Sullivan
evaded the officer. Sheriff Price then
sent circulars and photographs to officers
in New Mexico. Arizona and Utah, re
sulting in the capture of Sullivan.
ROBERT GOELET
DIES IN NAPLES
NEW YORK. April 28.-The World says:
Robert Goelet died in Naples, Italy, yes
terday. He had been on a yachting
cruise.
Mrs. George Henry Warren, Mr. Goe
let's mother-in-law, received a cablegram j
yesterday with this statement, "Robert
died here to-day. " The cablegram was
dated Naples. It is not known whether j
Mr. Goelet was aboard his yacht at the i
time of his death. His brother. Ogden I
Goelet. died aboard his yacht in the Eng- I
list Channel in 1897.
TWENTY-SEVEN AUDIENCES
IN PAST SEVEN DAYS
Special Cable t.> The fall and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS!*, by James Gor
don l>nnett.
ROMP:, April 27.— The Pope held twen
ty-seven audiences in the last seven days,
some of them lasting forty-five minutes.
His Holiness showed not th*» least fatigue
after such a laborious week. He contin
ues in normal health, attending to busi
ness daily.
•
FIRES AT CIRCLE CITY.
SEATTLE, April 27.— Advices from Cir
cle City, Alaska, dated March 18, were re
ceived to-day. There has been a series
of ftres at this camp. In addition to the
warehouse of the Alaska Commercial
Company, previously reported, the United
States Custom-house and a building used
by the Federal troops as an arsenal have
been burned.
Several cases of scurvy and freezing are
reported. Early ir. March a man named
John Price of San Francisco accidentally
shut himself in the shoulder. United
States Mail Contractor Richardson caused
notices to be printed March IS that no
more mail would be sent out this winter
because there were no locks fur the mail
bags. Hut one United States mail has
reached Circle City this year, and that
contained last year's letters.
During the last two weeks of March
was a stampede of miners to Wade
Creek, in the Forty-mile district. Th"
Btampede was caused by reports that
prospects gfave from $1 r>n to $6 per pan.
and that nufcyeis were picked up weigh
ing from $3 to $3 80.
MACHINERY BLOWN UP.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April 27 —
Reports brought down by the steamer
Farallon indicate that Juneau, Alaska, is
In a fever of excitement over the blowing
up of mining machinery by unknown
parties. On the night of April 19 a fifty
horsepower boiler was destroyed by dyna
mite at the Boston group of mines. .After
th° explosion the Juneau Chamber of
Commerce issued a call for a mass meet
ing of citizens. An immense crowd
thronged the opera house, and resolutions
were passed denouncing the outrage and
pledging themselves to use every means
of bringing the guilty parties to justice.
Death of Thomas Barnes.
WOODLAND. April 27. — Thomas
Barnes, one of three bachelor brothers
who came from Kentucky to California
in 1850, died this morning. A few days
ago he ffll and fractured one hip boric
For several years he has been very ec
centric, and when the accident occurred
refused to submit to medical treatment.
HARBOR JUBILEE'S
FLORAL PAGEANT
Feature of Los Angeles
Day in Celebration.
A BRILLIANT SPECTACLE
MANY DAZZLING RIGS PUZZLB
JUDGES OF AWARDS.
Thousands Witness the Display and
All Rejoice in the New Com
mercial Epoch for ' Sout
hern California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 27.— The floral
pageant was the feature in the ob
servance of Los Angeles day in the
harbor jubilee celebration. This proved
a brilliant" and artistic street spectacle
that for beauty and harmony in com
bination of colors of natural flowers It
would prove difficult to surpass. In
every respect did the parade exceed
any similar effort attempted in this
city, and the judges that were com
pelled to award premiums were be
wildered with the array of unique por
trayals and originality of design.
The parade, which occupied one hour
in passing a given point, was headed
by the well-disciplined Americus Club
of Pasadena. This organization was
followed by decorated vehicles, six-in
hands, tally-hos, carts and drags, bi
cycle clubs, caballeros, military and
civic bodies. A Chinese dragon fifty
feet in length, with scores of Celestials
in line, formed the closing attraction
of ihe parade. A Chinese mounted on
a white horse and dressed like a man
darin of the flowery kingdom was the
marshal of this division, who carried a
small American flag that he waved
over his head to command attention.
The entire display, witnessed by
thousands along the line of march, was
continuously cheered while the invited
guests from neighboring States and
Territories reviewed the parade from
a stand erected in front of the City
Hall.
The executive committee this morn
ing, with appropriate ceremony, un
veiled a memorial tablet that had been
placed in a niche of the Times building
to befittingly recognize the services of
that journal's persistent battle for the
success of a free harbor at San Pedro.
A loving cup was presented by the
same committee to Charles D. Willard,
who, as the first secretary of the Frea
Harbor League, rendered in the strug
gle for the harbor such services as has
met the approval of the public.
To-night the city is ablaze with thou
sands of electric lights. The people
have given the hours over to feasting
and merrymaking, and there remain
none who are not imbued with the im
portance of the event that marks the
closing day ot" a notable week of fes
tivities and one that creates a new
epoch in the commercial and industrial
history of Southern California and the
City of the Ancrels. Numerous search
lights from the tops of buiMings threw
their rays to all parts of the adjacent
country, bands of music on gayly deco
rated trolley cars are continuously
traversing all sections of the city, -while
the Americus Club is entertaining
thousands with its unique evolutions
on the paved streets of the city.
As a fitting finale the sky is brilliant
with a continuous display of fireworks.
Shipbuilders May Consolidate.
PHILADELPHIA, April 27.— The Even
ing Telegram says: Negotiations are
pending for the consolidation of the
Cramp shipbuilding company and the
English firm of Vickers Sons & Maxim.
It was officially stated to-day that an of
fer looking to the amalgamation of inter
ests has been received from the English
firm. The capital of the consolidation, it
was stated, vfrould not be excessive, but
would be large enough to provide for a
great extension of business. The author
ized capital of the Cramps is $5,000,000.
34
PROFESSOR NIVIN'S
GREAT GOLD FIND
Regioo of Fabulous Richness Said
to Contain MoQtezuma's
Famous Treasure.
CHILPANCINGO, Mexico, April 27.— William Nivin, the noted arch
aeologist of New York City, who has been making explorations in a re
mote region of the State of (Juerrero, has discovered a gold region of
fabulous richness. The vein is three feet wide and assays from $200
to $5000 to the ton. The region in which this discovery was made is
red with prehistoric ruins. According to tradition Mnntezuma's
treasure was located about eighty leagues southwest of the City of
Mexico, and as Professor Nivin's rich field is also about that distance
southwest of Mexico's capital, and as rained villages are numerous
there, it Is not improbable that the famous treasure has been found.
"BUCK SHEEP OF
CHRISTENDOM"
Strong Sermon by Rev.
W. M. Paden.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN A.NBELMO, April 27.— The annual
commencement exercises of the San Fran
cisco Theological Seminary were held at
Assembly Hall to-day Over five hundred
people were present from San Francisco,
Alamedn County and San Rafael, and in
order to make things as convenient as
possible for those who attended th( exer
cises the North Pacific Coast Railway
stopped all trains midway between San
Anselmo and Ross station, on the road
leading to the seminary.
The large Assembly Hall was beauti
fully decorated with flowers and over
greens by the junior class. Professor
John H. Kerr, D.D., chairman of tin fac
ulty, presided, and the exercises opened
with a hymn and prayer.
The first feature of the programme was
a series of addresses by William H. Bleak
ney, Charles P. Hesse] and Harry H.
Pratt. Bleakney spoke on "Conserva
tism." He said that ■ conservatism pre
serves truth and truth both develops and
promotes as well. Christ he regarded as
a conservatist when he announced tils • 1 "~
tention of fulfilling the prophecies, and
combated the Jewish law. Hessel took
a.-, his theme "The Heroic .Spirit." He
defined heroism as true manliness or
womanliness made- manifest. As an in
stance the pleading of Queen Esther be
fore the King for her people was men
tioned. "Truth as Light" was anted
on by Harry H. Pratt, who divided his
subject into three parts, viz., che Bible as
the word of truth, the true rellgio \ and
Christ, the essence of truth, and spoke on
the theme at length in its various phases.
The commencement address was deliv
ered by Rev. William M. Paden, D.D., of
Salt Lake City. Utah, who discoursed in
an eloquent and forcible manner on "The
Black Sheep of Christendom." He said
his plea was not so much for the heathen
or those in the slums as for "backsliders"
and prodigals, the lost sheep of the
church. He believed that two-thirds of
the criminal class is comprised of those,
who once had. good homes and were sur
rounded by good influences.
"The genesis or cause of non-church
going," he declared, "is because the fallen
are missed nowhere, expected n iwhere
and go nowhere. This evil can never be
remedied until the laws of the land are
better enforced against those vices which
are sapping the life of true manhood and
womanhood."
Rev. Robert F. Coyle, D.D.. president of
the board of directors, officiated it the
presentation of diplomas and gave the
members of the graduating class some > x
cellent advice as regards their future life
In the interest of tin gospel. The gradu
ating class was as follows:
William H. Bleakney. James M. Cor
nellson, Philip A. Fisher. Charles P. Hes
sel, Robert C. Jones, James Little, Harry
H. Pratt and Abraham D. Soper.
GOLDEN WEDDING OF
AN HONORED COUPLE
Eight Children Join Jacob and Caro
line Henry in Their Celebration
at Capay Valley.
WOODLAND, April 27.— Jacob and Car-
Henry have been residents of (' - a
pay Valley. Yolo County, for twenty-four
yarn, and they have been man and wife
for over half a century. The golden wed
■
festivities lasting until midnight. Eight
children have be< hem and all
me 1 living. For the rirst time in twenty
they were all present at the
family reunion. Two hundred ami fifty
resld- pay Valley participated in
stlvities, the feature of which was
a big dinner. There an ti6 old residents
in Yolo County who are more n-spected
' : t-. and Mrs. Henri'.
<v
SAN JOSE'S CELEBRATION.
An Elaborate Programme Arranged
for Dewey Day.
SAN JOSE. April 27.— A1l San Jose and
a goodly number of the citizens of the
county will next Monday pay homage to
Admiral Dewey, and the arrangements
just completed promise to make Dewey
■Jay a great spectacular success. The
peopie will come together in a basket pic
nic and reunion at Agricultural Park. A
grand jollification will follow, during
which a patriotic musical and literary
programme will be presented and all
kinds "f athletic sports and' games en
Joyed. A feature will be. the presence of a
large numbpr-gf marines and sailors rom
the battleship Iowa; who served under
"Fighting Hub" Evans during the de
struction of C<rvera's fleet off Santiago
Dewey Day at Woodland.
WOODLAND, April 27.— Dewey flay will
be observed in Woodland. All business
men have signed an agreement to close
their places of business.
Pears'
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
/rein, it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
. To wash it often and
clean, without doing" any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores Fell it, especially
druggists; all 6orts of people use it.
TOD SLOAN WINS
TWO OUT OF SIX
Keeps Up His Record at
Newmarket Races.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 27.— At the third
day's racing of the Newmarket first
spring meeting to-day J. M. Hanbury's
four-year-old brown filly, lowland
Heauty. by Alloway-Camel, won the
Thursday welter handicap plate of 200
sovereigns for three-year-olds and up
ward. Tod Sloan rode C. F. Dwyer's
Miss Nelly filly, but was unplaced.
Thirteen horses ran th^ last mile and
a half of the Czarewitch course. The
betting was 6 to 8 against Sloan's
mount.
P. Lorlllards bay colt. Dominie 11,
ridden by Sloan, finished second to
Wallace Johnston's bay colt, Harrow,
in the race for the Chippenham stakes
of 10 sovereigns each for starters (to
be divided between the first and sec
ond), with 200 sovereigns added, for
three-year-olds. Seven horses ran the
Ditch mile. Captain Laing's Footpad
II was third. The betting was 9 to 4
against Dominie 11.
The Marchinn stakes of 25 sovereigns,
with 500 sovereigns added, for three
year-olds and upward, one mile and
two furlongs, was wun by W. Cooper's
six-year-old chestnut horse. New
Haven II; Lord William Beresford's
Berzak, ridden by Sloan, was second.
Five horses started. The betting was
5 to :.' against Berzak.
Lord Hare wood' 8 chestnut colt, Free
Champion, ridden by Sloan, captured
a maiden plate. Ten horses ran. The
be-tting was 3 to 1 against Free Cham
pion. The race was for two-year-olds,
five furlongs. J. Waugh's L. Palmy
was second and W, A. Redfern's Wolf
was third.
The Peel handicap was won by J. S. j
Curtis' four-year-old chestnut colt,
Pearl Rover. Sir J. Miller's bay geld
ing, Korosko, ridden by Sloan, finished
second, and T. R. Dewar's Joe Pluck
was third. This race is of 100 snver
elgns, added to a sweepstake of C> bov
i reigns each for starters, for three
year-olds and upward. Thi- betting was
6 to 4 against Korosko.
Lord William Beresford's black geld
ing, Blacksmith, ridden by Sloan, won
the Newmarket two-year-old plate, 200
sovereigns, added to a sweepstake of
10 sovereigns each for starters. Mr.
Fairle's Cutaway was second, and J.
Lewis' Isaac II was third. The betting
was 2 to 1 against Blacksmith.
Tommy Burns' Great Riding.
MEMPHIS, Term.. April 27.— Jockey
Tommy burns was the hero of the after
noon at Montgomery Park. Out of flVa
mounts the little rider rode four horses
Brat past the post and was third in the
stake event. The weather to-day was
very warm, the track in good condition.
Results:
Half mile, Muey China won, Gussie Fay
second, Hackmeister third. Time, :50%.
One mile, purse. Sea Lion won, Ken
tucky Colonel second, Jolly Roger third.
Time, 1:4414.
One and a half miles, Jackanapes won,
Traveler second, Forget Not third. Time.
2:35^..
Four and a half furlongs, the Memphis
stake, two-year-olds, McMeekln -won,
Mark Cheek second, F. W. Brode third.
Time, :":: ; *.
Steeplechase, about two miles, JacK
Hayes won, Partner second. Captain
Kane third. Time, 4:»3ii.
One mile. Branch won. Peat second, Red
Pirate third. Time, 1:44*4.
NEW YORK, April 27.— Results at
Aqueduct:
About seven furlong's, Roysterer won.
Sir Florian second, King Barleycorn third.
Time, 1:26 2-5. : -' : >L- •■""• '■■
Four and a half furlongs. Queen Anne
won. Tampion second, Her Ladyship
third. Time, :56 1-5.
Five and a half furlongs, Boney Boy
won. Dr. Parker second, Florenzo third.
Time, 1:08.
Ozone, four and a naif furlongs, sell
ing. Kitchener won. Peaceful second, Ad
vance Guard third. Time, :55 1-5.
One mile and seventy yards, selling,
Tirshina won, Glenolne second, Dan Rice
third. Time, 1:47%.
About seven furlongs, selling. Maid of
Erin won. Athy second, Camotop third.
Time, l:2'i' + -
CINCINNATI, April 27.— F10p, the 2 to 5
favorite in the third race at Newport to
day, was easily beaten by Piccola. Dolly
Weithoff. the hot favorite in the la*t
race, was also bowled over. Sim W b^at
her a head at the post. Weather pleas
ant.
1 Seven furlongs, selling, Lillian Reed
won, Reaa Campbell second, Nettie
Prince third. Time, 1:29%;
Four and a half furlongs, Highland Lad
won, Edna Gerry second. Dr. Amburg
third. Time, :56.
One mile, selling, Piccola won, Flop sec
ond, Albert S third. Time, 1:42.
Six furlongs, selling, Brigade won. Gen
eral Magruder second. Scrivener third.
Time, 1:15%.
One and one-eighth miles, selling, Krlss
Kringlo won, Henry Launt second, Fin
Tan third. Time, 1:55%. •
Six furlongs, selling, Sim W won, Dolly
Weithoff second, Sauterne third. Time,
1U4%. __
OFFICERS UNDER BOND
TO PRESERVE ORDER
There Is a Lull in the Excitement in
the Coeur d'Alene Itlning
District.
WARDNER, Idaho. April 27.— The situ
ation here is unchanged and everything
is quiet. The Sheriff and liis deputies are
under bonds to preserve order.
Sixty men left town this morning and
went to work In the Hunker Hill and Sul
livan mine unmolested. One hundred and
fifty more have gone to work in the Last
Chance mine, the scale of wages being $3
and $3 50 a day.
The union held a meeting this afternoon
but adjourned until to-morrow without
making its deliberations public.
Bevolution Is Terminated.
Special Cable to The Call and the Now York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1839, ' by James Gor
don Bennett.
RIO JANEIRO, April 27.— The revolu
tion In Matto Grosso nas been terminated
by annulling; the Governor's election, in
the struggle fifty persons were killed and
about 120 were wounded.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1899.
SATSUMA RAN
SECOND IN THE
STAKE FEATURE
Was Beaten Handily
by Eddie Jones.
THORPE PILOTED THE WINNER
RINGMASTER "WAS OVERLOOKED
FOR THE HANDICAP.
Three Winning Favorites at Oakland.
Miss Marion in Front — Sam
Dannenbaum Not So Fast
as Expected.
It was the opinion of nine out of ten
' race-goers at Oakland track yesterday
, that Dr. Rowell had first money in the
j McLaughlln stake already in his pocket.
Satsuma could not lose. The distance—
I one mile and a sixteenth— suited him; the
i track was very slow and heavy, and with
' 104 pounds up thpre was no catching tho
j bald-face. Of the other four starters
I Hugh Penny and Joe I'llman alone were
1 conceded a chance. The brown colt Bd
-1 die .loiks. with Thorpe in the saddle, up
set the wise prognostications. Thorpe
had his mount in front almost from the
lirst Jump, and at the. wire led Satsuma
out five lengths. Jones, on the latter,
1 must have lost his bearings from the out
set, for he rode a very ragged looking
and uneven race. Rosinante, astride
which Jenkins had orders to pick the dry
going, traveled fully a furlong further
than the others, and then downed Joe
Ullinan and Hugh Penny for the show.
Short-pnjvd horses started off well by
capturing the lirst three races on the
card, after which outsiders in the bet
ting held a levee. The extremely bad go-
Ing was responsible for some queer-look
, Ing races, but only heavily muscled
equinef could last out.
The backers of Maud Ferguson, the
odds-on choice for the introductory sprint,
were nearly afflicted with heart disease
before getting in line. Saintly struck thy
stretch live lengths in front, and was only
caughi the lust few strides and beaten
out a head by the favorite. Pompino ran
a fair third, the others following strung
■. out for half a block.
, Galene, with Thorpe in the saddle and a
' 9 to a) favorite for the two-year-old
scramble, won in a walk. Getting away
to a running start the Burns & Water
house youngster played with hi.s com
pany. Miss Madeline, a racy looking filly
by Rio Bravo, succeeded in taking the
place from Kiekumbob.
Barney Schreiber furnished a piping-hot
favorite' for the third number in Miss Mn
rion. At oQdS-on the mare shook oft"
: Genua at the Stretch turn, winning eased
up. Tempo was heavily played for the
in which position the chestnut
horse finished, three lengths in advance
of Genua.
Delegating Humidity to occupy the
place of honor In the betting on the six
furlong sprint, tlfth on the card, proved
a most unwise selection. The mare pos
sessed mi. speed whatever, finishing la?t.
Backed from 4 to 2Vw, Jerry Hunt, ridden
by Jones, led throughout. Espionage I
moved up from the rear, downing Wing
for second ; ,
The mile handicap ended disastrously
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. Thursday, April 27, 1899.—Eighty
first day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track very heavy.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge. JAMKS B. FERGUSON'. Starter.
\f\Af\ FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse.
Weight, j!
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. CI.
:.
Urn.
ttm.
* 4 m.
Str.
Fin.
(1031) Maud Ferguson 117 1
999 Saintly ....119 3
999 Pompino 109 5
956 Purnlah 109 S
999 San Augustine 114 15
992 Florence Fink 107) 4
977 Sylvan Lass 107 6
978 Judge Wofford 114 14
699 Hannah Reid 107 2
977 Fortls 1":' 10
408 Baby King '"'•' : '
956 Sidelong 109 12
999 Noma 107 11
1038 Guatemoc 109 13
1038 Gold Baron 7.109 7
. : 2 ■'.
1 2
4 tt
3 tt
7. 1
6 1
a Vi
10 3
14 4
v 1
11 4
9 Vi
12 3
15
2 1
1 7
3 4
4 2
fj 1
6 2
9 1
10 1
12 1
. •_•
1.-i
11 2
14
15
1 n
2 10
3 7,
4 h
6 I
8 1
9 1
10 4
11 1
12 3
11 3
14 4
17,
Jenkins 2-5
Thorpe 4
Gray 10
Glover 100
W. 5ee........ 30
W. Narvaez.. 10
Romero la
Johnson 100
McNichols ... 15
Kiley 50
Coburn ... 100
Henry | 50
Hahn 10
'Russell 20
Basslnger — j 100
2-5
7
in
100
60
20
40
200
30
100
150
200
25
60
200
Time— "4, :2CU; tt, '58; *"•' 1:21. Winner, T. O. Ferguson's b. f. by Prince Royal-Blue
Hood Good start. Won first three driving. Second and third driving.
Salntly's superior handling nearly beat the favorite. Latter was interfered with on two
occasions. San Augustine ran a clinking good race, poorly ridden. Hannah Reld did not
like the going.
Scratched— Pallucus 112. ' ■-
1041.
Index. Hon
SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
■se. Weight. St. ttm. Vim. ""im. Str. Fin. I
-
_V 1 Betting.
Jockeys. Op. . CI.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
ttm.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin. j
..
(1029) Galene 110 1
... Miss Madeline 108 2
856 Klckumbob 11l 3
1004 Bogus Hill ..11l 7
(1004) Esto C 110 4
1016 Juletto 108 6
980 Belle Palo Alto 95 8
... Abblelo 108 5
... Sam Dannenbaum. .loB 9
1 10
2 h
3 1
8 Vi
4 h.
6 1
7 10
8
.9. ' ;
1 7,
2 1
3 IV*
4 Vi
5 2
63
7 6
8
9
1 6 [Thorpe
2 3 Jenkins
3 2 (Bullman I
4Vi Romero .-
5 ltt Glover
6 2 Kellas
7 6 Dietro
8 McNichols ...
9 Ruiz
1-2 9-20
15 30
7 8
7, 5
S *• -, '.' **
100 200
 * .;--.. •
20 40
15 30
••Coupled with Bogus Bill. 'Coupled with Klckumbob. ";-.''
Time— % :2~8"4* Vi, '■''•>*■*■ Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's br. f. by imp. Brutus-Picnic.
Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving. tf:'--*
Qalene outbroke her field. Miss Madeline well ridden. Bogus Rill badly steered. Belle
of Palo Alto ruined her chances in false breakaways. Sam Dannenbaum was all smoke.
Scratched— Nettle Clark 108, Miss Vera IPS, Wlnyah 115. JjjJJ
IfiyiO THIRD RACE— Futurity course; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
'/im.
Vim.
"im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. CI.
(972) Miss Marion. 3 .104 3
10.12 Tempo, 4 11l 4
1031 Genua, 3 104 I
1022 Novla, 4 106 2
902 -.idrone. a 11l 7
1031 Lothian, 3 106 6
926 Oahu, 4 I'll' o
981 Midas, a -.114 8
1 tt '
4 1
2 10
5 Vi
62
7 3
3 2
8
11 14
4 2 3 1-
-28 2 4
51 4 1
li-'U
7 2 7
3 2 5 Vi
8 8
1 3 E. Jones ' 1-4
2 3 Bullman | 10
3 4 W. Narvaez.. «
4 h I Jenkins I 6
6 3 Glover I Jo
6 4 Henry | 100
'7 20 Romero 100
8 ■ Holmes j 60
1-4
10
8
12
30
200
17,0
100
Time— To Vi. :22V>: to Vi, :49''; last %, 1:07; short %. l:18'i. Winner. B. Schreiber's b.
f by Hlmyar-imp. Astolat. Good start. Won easing up. Second and third driving.
' Winner was hustled along first part. Not much doing on Genua. Madrone badly ridden.
Tempo was nominated tor the place. -.?.-.■.-.-. .--.,-■ v-- : iV'.i'v
Scratched— Peach Blossom 104. Torsion 111. Montallade 181. .
I i~k A O FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and upward; the
IU-TOt McLaughlin Selling , Stakes; value, $1250. _^ - -
~ i - ... '.. •'_ '■'- '\ytf I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. Std.' Vim. Vim. %m; Str. Fin. | Jockeys. dp CI."
.. Std.' Vim.
Vim.
**im. : Str.
Fin-
Jockeys.
1033 Eddie Jones, 4 107, 2
(1027)) Satsuma, a 104 1
(1023) Roslnante. .5 100 6
(1002) Joe Oilman, 5 '••' 3
871 Hugh Penny, a 103 4
1 Vi
4 Vi
3 v,
2 Vi
5
1 Vi
4 4.
5
2 h
3 h
1 2
'2 h
6
3 h
4 2tt
1 IVi
2 h
5
8 h
4^
1 2
2 2
4 2
3 3
__6
*1 5 'Thorpe
2 6 lE. Jones.-.;...
3 4 Jenkins
4 6 J. Re1ff........
5 (Bullman ......
7 10
1 9-10
10 15
4 7-2
3 4
Time— l-16, :07Vi: 5-16, :33; 0-16, •»%; 13-16, 1:27; mile, 1:46; 1 1-16 miles, 1:53*4. Win-
ner Burns & Waterhouse's br. h. by Morello- Early Rose. Good start. Won ridden out.
Second and third driving. .'
Eddie Jones never in difficulties. Jones, on Satsuma, rode with no judgment whatever.
On a dry track Roslnante would have won. She went the extreme overland. L'llman choked
off the first half. Footing did not suit. penny. htfi-.tftf-rtfyy^.-y, 1
Scratched— Rey del Tlerra 114, Adolph Spreckels ,111. * . . ... ■--,»■ tftftf
_"____ __| FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling- three-year-olds; purse, $400.
; \~—r -— .. , . ■ . '.. i■ "- ,"-, .
Index. Horse. Weight. St.* "'im. \ *»m. ; %m. Str. Fin. j Jockey
881 Jerry Hunt Us]
971 Espionage .98
ion wing ..••• 98
1031 Jennie Held ..98
('6l) Con Da1t0n..........104 !
996 Humidity IPS!
2
4
6 .
I 5
1
•3'>
14 ! ' ' 1 8 * ' 15.
4 h .51 .33
6 2 2 - 2 4
5 "A ; ■ 6 4 2
2 V* -3-1 SI
.33 7 4 2 6 ..
—
1 I
"25
3 2 !
4 6 !
• 5 2
I
Jockeys.
E. Jones
McNichols ...
J. Reiff........
T.nii'm<.r
3 13-5
6 10
15 20
'8, 6
5 5
8-5 8-5
lijouiiiier .....
'Bullman '..-..*..
{Thorpe.-...
Time— Vi. :26; Vi, :52: "i,- I:l9**. >A\ inwor. 8. . Schrelber's b. c. by Servitor-Innocence.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Race did not look good. Hunt reoelvcd wise backing. Espionage ridden when too late.
Wing could have won, but bled. Con Dalton and Humidity ran queer races.
__"_/_, Pi SIXTH RACE— mile; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $500.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Urn.
Vim.
"im.
Str.
Fin.
1032 Ringmaster, 6.. 8713 2 2 2Vi 2h. 2 Vi 110 J. Re1ff.*...... .8 8
(1032) New Moon. 6 98 1 12 - 12 11 11 22 Gray 4 ft
(996) Malay. 8.7. "n.106 « 4Vi 3h 3 6 35-34 Jenkins S-5 8-5
1025 Lost Girl, 5 100 5 3Vi 4 4 44 43 4 5 Bullman 3 16-1
1032 Marplot. 4... ■■ 94| 2 5 5 5 5 5 Devln _ 3 14-5
Tlme-Vi, :26; Vi. '52*£: %. 1:21*4; mile 1:48. Winner. O. Appleby's eh. g. by Buckmaster-
Grlzette. Good start. Won easing up. Second and third driving.
Ringmaster was the star of the circus. New Moon suddenly grew weary under weak rid
Ing at stretch turn. Malay anchored by the weight. Lost Girl could not negotiate the
footing. Marplot no speed. : » ■ ...
IJ. Rein*
Gray .....j
Ta h I.I».
Jenkins
Bullman
1 Devln
•-* ' "
for the talent. Almost overlooked. Ring
master, with Johnny ReifC up. won in a
big gallop from New Moon. Malay, the
favorite, showed to very poor advantage,
finishing third. __
Track Notes.
A superbly bred broodmare owned by
Barney Sehrelber, a full sister to Daisy
Woodruff, broke her leg yesterday at
Oakland track. It was found necessary
to destroy her. J.*l -;
The produce of Napa stock farm are
showing to good anvantage of late. On
Wednesday, in the opening two-year-old
event, the first three youngsters over the
plate were all bred at the establishment
above mentioned— most unusual occur
rence. Yesterday Kiekumbob finished a
good second to Galene - and Miss Made
fine. Catulus, which met with an un
timely end, was another Napa farm prod
uct, and looked destined to make a race
horse. He was a son of imp. Creighton,
whose get will soon be in great demand.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling. ■•?•<-;-■?
998 Mischief 95 i . 929 Terra Archer... 92
941 Nuncomar 92 ■ 1028 Aluminum 92
1035 Defender 92 * 6. .3 Mercutlo 110
1010 Santa Lucia.... 90 1026 Magnus 92
... Dennis 97 1011 Jerilderio 90
Second Race— Futurity course; selling; four
year-olds and upward.
1011 Joe Cotton 106; 1010 Spry Lark 104
920 Gov. Sheehan..ll9 1006 Paul Kruger.. . .106
1015 Uncle True 103 ! 440 Majesty :..103
1035 Don Gam 119 ! 699 Scintillate .....HI
1035 Flueno 1061 1035 The Last 11l
967 None Such 103!
Third Futurity course; four-year-olds
and upward; selling. . -;
1015 Henry C 1061 (998)Soclallst 113
1026 Major Hooker.. lo3, (lOll)Bessle Lee ill
929 Cabrlllo 109: 330 Inverary II 103
102S Bchnltz 109' 1035 Major Cook 10«
898 A! 1061 1015 Sevoy ....113
1017 Flora Hawk. ...111! 1015 Naranja 104
Fourth Race— Ffve furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling.
1024 L.B. McWhlrterlOß i 1034 Pythia 105
1016 Flush of Gold.. 1049 Th» Buffoon. . . .106
1024 Racetto 105 101S Loyta 105
993 Miss Vera, 105 1036 Surfeit 105
O041)Oalene 107 1007 Vv'inyah 105"
993 Miss Margaret. 105
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
075 Coda 102l(1037)Imperlous 106
984 Morana 94 <1018)r>al«y F ..99
997 Silver State.... 97 (1089)81y 1"?
(1030) Pat Morrlssey..lo9 1030 Red Glenn 104
1032 P. A. Flnnegan 09 469 Tobey 99
1032 Rapldo 99
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling. ...
1039 Heigh Ho 90' 1027 Wyoming ...... 102
<94 Esplrando 102 1033 Tony Llealzi...lo.
(10I2)Har. Thoburn.. 97 1033 Hardly 95
1039 Torlbio 92 SR4 Rieardo 92
(1017)PW>mptO S3 l 1033 Kamsln 92
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Jerilderio, Defender. Aluminum.
Second Race— Don Gara. Scintillate, Governor
Sheehan.
Third Race— Socialist, Major Cook, Bessie
Lee.
Fourth Race— "VVlnyah, The Buffoon, Flush of
Gold.
Fifth Race— Pat Morrlssey, Daisy F, - Im
perious.
Sixth Prompt". Heigh Ho, Wyoming.
PARK COMMISSIONERS MEET.
Will Build an Entrance and Driveway
on First Avenue.
At a meeting of the Park Commission
ers yesterday afternoon it was deter
mined to erect an entrance and open a
driveway on First avenue along to the
North Ridge road. President Adolph
Spreckels presided and Commissioners
Metson and Zeile were present.
The park band was engaged to give a
concern on Monday afternoon. May 1, in
commemoration of the anniversary of the
battle of Manila.
The board ordered the painting of the
Conservatory and Beach House.
A contract was let to the Union Pav
ing Company for 10.000 cubic yards of
loam at 6SV 4 cents a cubic yard, and a
smaller contract for hose was also
awarded.
PASSING OF
THE CENTRAL
PACIFIC COMPANY
Election of President
and Directors.
JAMES SPEYER AT THE HELM
CHANGE IN THE PERSONNEL OF
THE BOARD.
Only a Brief Enjoyment of Empty
Titles by the Men Who Will
Be Chosen To-
Day.
The last board of directors to engineer
the famous Central Pacific Company wIH
be elected this afternoon in the yellow
building;. They will enjoy hut a brief
incumbency, however -just long * enough
to know that they had titles empty of all
honor or significance thrust upon them.
The annual meeting; of the stockholders
this year will not be characterized by
warring- Individuals standing firm for
their own special interests. There will be
no representative of the English stock
holders at sword's point with C. P. Hunt
ington. All will be peace, harmony and a
passing of the loving cup.
James Speyer of New York, the finan
cier, who organized the consolidation
plan, has the fifty-two cards in his hands
and he may play them at will. He repre
sents over 90 per cent of the stock issued
and with this irresistible power under his
control he will merely dictate who shall
wear the toga and what they shall do
when enveloped in its folds.
It is the general belief that the per
sonnel of the board to be elected will be
entirely different from those of the past
Thcr^ will be no chaii^e in the chief ex
ecutive, however, as 1. L. Reo.ua is the
choice of Huntingdon and Speyer. Many
of the railroad men in the yellow build"
ing anticipate the election of a number
of local bankers to the directorate, men
who are deep in the confidence of Speyer
& Co. Whoever they are that have been
selected for the empty honor, their regime
will be a short one. When the contract
was signed in New York between the
Central Pacific and the Southern Pacific
Company for the consolidation and the
assumption of the former's bonded debt
by the Southern Pacific, the Central Pa
cific in reality passed out of existence.
The certainty of the future contingency
made the Central Pacific a component
part of an entity, the Southern Pacific
f'ompany. which from that time on was
to act for both.
The consolidation rind the new bond is
sue will not he consummated this after
noon. Mr. Speyer's plan of reorganiza
tion will not become completely effective
until the minor details are arranged As
soon as this is accomplished the Central
Pacific will pa^s out of existence. This
will be but the matter of a few months
and then the S<juth»>rn Pacific and C P
Huntlngton may sign orders for the re-
Ifif-ring and repainting of cars. The
C. P.'s will all be S. P.'s and thus will
the enterprise of Stanford. Crocker Col
ton and Huntington pass into history
SHIPWRIGHTS CELEBRATE
THEIR RECENT VICTORY
Tender Vote of Thanks to Captain
Howard, Oceanic Steamship Com
pany and Ship-Calkers. *
The Journeymen Shipwrights' Assoeia- |
tion held one of the largest and most en- j
thusiastic meetings in Its history last .
night. A large delegation came down i
from the navy-yard, under the leadership '
of Vice President Ruttan, the Monticello \
making a special trip to accommodate the i
men. During the evening ten new mem- ;
bers were initiated and the following of
ficers were elected and installed: Thomas
McConnell, president; Ole Bensen, vice
president; Willam Ruttan, second vice j
president; John Smith, third vice presi
dent; Alfred Schoroskl, treasurer; John
Howson, secretary; James McKibben,
John Biggar and Joseph Goss, trustees; I
James Jordan. John Abrook, S. Adams, J.
Dunbar and James McKlbben, executive
committee; Denis Flynn, sergeant-at
arms.
The following resolution, growing out of
the recent strike, was unanimously adopt
ed, and three cheers were given for Cap
tain Howard and three more and a tiger
for the Oceanic Steamship Company:
Whereas, The members of the Shipwrights' i
Association of San Francisco, in regular meet
ing assembled, recognize the valuable services
rendered to the association by "Captain Horace j '
/•. Howard, general superintendent of the
Oceanic Steamship Company and Government ! |
transports. in settling the trouble between this j
association and the shipwright firm of William
A. Boole & Son, and also the gentlemanly and
courteous-, manner in which he received the
officers of this association and gave them every
opportunity to lay our side of the question be
fore him, and recognizing the fact that large '
numbers of our members have worked under .
the supervision of Captain Howard for years ;
and have always found him a thorough gentle
man and himself and his company the best '
employers of the members of this association, i
therefore, be it
Resolved. That the thanks of this associa
tion be and are hereby tendered to Captain
Howard for the great services rendered by him
to our association.
Resolved; That this resolution be spread on
the minutes of this association and Captain
Howard be furnished with a copy of It. ,'
A resolution thanking the officers and ,
members of the Ship-calkers' Association i
"for their unsolicited aid" given the ship
wrights in the late strike was also car- '
ried unanimously.
A SOLDIER DROWNED.
He Was Only 19 Years Old and Went
on a Spree Which Ended His
Life.
John Bribery, a private in the Thir
teenth United States Infantry, was
drowned last Wednesday night while in
toxicated and running away from a police
officer at the intersection of Fourth ave
nue and Kentucky street. Bribery arrived
in. this city with his regiment last
Wednesday and slipped past the guard to
see the sights of the town. He took in
the Barbary Coast and finally wandered
out to the place where he met his death.
He was intoxicated, and at midnight
staggered by Policeman Peterson and
Harry Coleman and P. G. I^ees, boat
men." Peterson called upon Bribery to
halt, but the soldier, fearing arrest, ran
away, and stumbling among the rocks at
the edge of the bay, fell into the water
and was drowned before assistance could
reach him.
The three men at once procured lan
terns and searched about the place where
the unfortunate soldier had fallen in,
and finally recovered the body with a
boathook. The body was taken to the
Morgue and was delivered to the custody
of the military authorities by Coroner
Hill. Bribery was only 19 years old. He
enlisted In Company L at Fort Niagara,
N. V., about five months -ago. He was a
native of New Haven, Conn., and his par
ents reside there.
Felicitations to General Smith.
The officers of Pioneer Council, Young
Men's Institute, of which Brigadier Gen
eral James F. Smith is a member, cabled
their felicitations to him last night upon
his advancement In rank. The message
read: "General James F. Smith, Manila-
Congratulations. Pioneer Council Youiur
Men's Institute. Stephen L. Sullivan
president."
"Mammy" Did Not Appear.
The Mary E. Pleasant insolvency pro
ceedings were taken up by Judge Troutt
yesterday morning, but "Mammy" did
not appear to protect her interests.
Doubtless she Is grieving over being nut
bodily out of the "House of Mystery" by
FOUR LOVING
HEARTS UNITED
TWO charming couples joined the throng of April brides and pronms
yesterday.
A very pretty wedding was that of Julius John Kyers and Miss
Auguste Siebe, which was celebrated last evening at the home of the
bride's parents at Shell Mound. The happy couple were joined in the
holy bonds of wedlock by Rev. Dr. John H. Thtess, rector of Zion's
Gfrnwn Lutheran Church of Oakland. The home had been beautifully dec
orated for the occasion with ferns ?ind palms, and the contracting parties
stood under an Immense floral wedding boll while the solemn words which
made them one were uttered by the officiating mini: ■
The bride was handsomely attired in a gown of foulard silk trimmed
with chiffon lace.
The bride was given away by her father, Captain L. Siebe, who is well
known as the pronrietor of Shell Mound Park during the past twenty years.
Only the relatives and intimate friends of the families were present and the
invited guests numbered fifty. After tne ceremony an elaborate wedding
supper was discussed.
Mr. and Mrs. Evers left for the southern part of the State this morn
ing on their honeymoon trip and will be gone for a month or more. On
their return they will take up their residence at 1448 Adeline street, Oak
land.
The groom is a son of former Coroner Henry Evers of Oakland, who
held the office for three successive terms. The son was a deputy under his
father, but is now connected with the wholesale firm of Tillmann & Bendel
in a responsible position.
George Schweitzer and Miss Emma M. "Winter were thr> principals in a
noonday wedding which was solemnized yesterday in St. Francis' 'church by
the Rev. Father Caraher.
Only the immediate friends of the. families of the two young people wit
nessed the ceremony. The bride wore a beautiful creation of gray silk
trimmed with point lace, and carried a bunch of white roses. She was at
tended by Miss Clara Schweitzer, a cousin of the groom. J. Frederick Win
ter, a brother of the bride, acted as best man.
Immediately after the ceremony the bridal party was driven to Delmon
ico's, where an elaborate wedding breakfast was served. The happy couple
left in the afternoon for an -extended tour of the soum. On their return
they will take up residence in this city.
The groom is a prominent and well-known young business man. He is a
son. of Joseph Schweitzer, one of the State's first pioneers, and now one of
the leading malt dealers of the Pacific Coast. The bride, who is noted for
her beauty and charm of manner, as well as lor her many accomplish
ments™ is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Winter.
Mrs. Bell, over whom the aged negress
exercised great influence for many
years. Notwithstanding the absence of
"Mammy," several of her creditors filed
claims against her in court. This for
ADVERTI&EMENTS.
! Are You Man You Should Be? I
I STUDY YOURSELF. |
© V**" Y^Jf^^*ZJSr Do you realize that you are 4-
4. S^T^" /^*r/' wr^affl^r not the man you snoul d *>* at *'
0 JyILiGGW&r your agre? Do you find your +
f^l^^Af»Snif ]f^§^p^ strength failing- you, exposing +
J-/ rfjH TStir strength failing you, exposing v
® Si / ■' * *&s£?' the great drain that has been "♦" v
X & ffiv ' mm sapping the very life and ambi- @>*
® dmXSNL ■—'£■ • Jk&&JL ' on out nf >' ou? Does this ,"£
♦ JSMiJW&S*&&f* 0 ' +\&Sr knowledge mar your life? Then i
•) #tS^Sflß^3^- N. iIM- it is time for you to look serl- ©
X \, ttt&&g\<p^ m . ausly to your health. You need 4.
® j7-*~-~ *x«*& such a remedy as Dr. Sanden'B
♦- Electric Belt, from which you can absorb new strength and vitality. It X
<y is a grand remedy for any one who is weak in vitality, from whatever 0
+ cause. Read what it did for this happy man. X
1 FEELS LIKE A NEW MAN. |
+ VETERANS' HOME, Cal. 4-
® DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: You ask me to make my final report. 1 ©
a sent a full report to you two months ago, telling you about my case, but will X
i tell you again of my vast Improvement. When I first used your Belt I weighed ©
X 1.0 pounds. I suffered great pains in my back and other complaints. My .
v- liver and bowels were very bad. Now, I have not -used the Belt for the last Z'
© two months, but lam gradually transforming into a different man. I weigh («
4. 193 pounds; I eat and sleep well; my pains are all gone; my liver and bowels X
0 are cured, and I have no complaint whatever. I feel very good. Yours l rui ©
I DON'T BE A WEAK MAN. |
4- It Is grand to feel strong, humiliating to feel weak. If you are weak - X
0 Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will cure you. It will make you strong; It V
X 'Will steady your nerves and check all waste. of power in thirty days. It ,-.
® is a grand cure for all weakness, whatever the cause. If you are V
X troubled with weakness in any way, call, and examine this wonderful X
X Belt. Test the powerful current it gives and see. how easily regulated it V.
fa is. Don't be ignorant of a remedy which may correct all your past mis- I"
4 takes and assure your future happiness. Don't delay; act now. Get the v
0 book, "Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weaknesses of men, tells 0
▼• the cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men. It shows how x
$ Electricity, properly applied, will restore this power, and gives the ©
A proof. It Is free upon application. A call preferred. >■
I DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN, Manager, I
® 702 Market St., cor. Kearny. S. F. SEND FOR MY BOOK, , A
X Or 204% South Broadway, Los Angeles. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." X 1
v* Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, ■-• ■• : (?) ■
X 10 to 1 NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. IT IS MAILED FREE. -■'-■ 4-
-0 • . ,; ■ ■_>;;-;■ ©
®X*»® -f ®+® > ®>®>® 4" <§» ♦ ®t®+® ♦ ®t ®>® ♦ ®>® -f ®>®>® <f ®+®+®
■.- . ... . •■-,..-'--- : ' ■-..*.. . .. •■ .
mality disposed of, the case was con
tinued until May 9. at which time It is
hoped to bring the Insolvent before Judge
Troutt, that the hearing may be pro
ceded with. ■ •REAL ESTATE
DEALERS WILL
CLOSE MONDAY
Have Agreed to Ob
serve "Dewey Day."
SALUTES WILL BE FIRED
THE WAR DEPARTMENT ORDERS
THAT POWDER BE BURNED.
Native Sons of Vermont Conclude
Arrangements for Their Grand
Celebration — Yachtsmen
to Cruise.
Th^ro is every likelihood that on Mon
day next every store, office, factory and
shop will be closed so that every citizen
employed In them may participate in the
celebrations that have been arranged for
that great day. Yesterday the real estate
dealers of this city set a shining example
by affixing their names to a petition in
■which they promised to close their offices
on Dewey day. The firms who signed
Madison & Burke, East n, Eldrldjre & Co.,
Baldwin; Unwell £ Co., David Stern & Sons,
Bovee, Toy & - nntag, G. 11. I'mbsen & Co.,
Burnham-Marsh Co.. O. D. Baldwin & Son,
Center & Spader, Davidson & Leigh, A. J.
Rich & Co, W. H. Crlm .- Co.. Bourdman,
Hooper & Co., Shainwald. Buckbee & Co.,
H-nJamin M. <;ur,n & Co.. Flinn. Sanderson &
Co., Hawks & Skelton, Ashton & Gardiner,
McAfee brothers. Hooker & Lent.
The committee of arrangements of the
grand celebration to be given under the
auspices of the Pacific Coast Association
of the Native Pons of Vermont at Sun
p^t Park. Santa Cruz Mountains on
I>ewey day met last night at the Occi
dental Hotel and completed its prepara
tions for the reception and entertainment
of the thousands who will undoubtedly
attend the affair. -Invitations and tick
ets were ordered sent to Gunner J. C.
MAYOR PHELAN ISSUES A
DEWEY-DAY PROCLAMATION
The following proclamation was issued yesterday by Mayor Thelan: To
San Francisco— The Governor has designated the tirst day of
.y in celebration of the victory of Manila Hay, and in
trepld admiral it has been named "Dewey day."
membered that at this Beason only last year the people of
realising that the California coast was exposed to the hostile
my and that war had be, n declared, were apprehensive for
•-. That fear was removed by Admiral I>. \w\"s heroic
t, which, .n the time, opened the farthest Pacific to the commerce of
\%liich will prove a rich heritage to us and to generations yet
ill citizens to display the national colors everywhere
c buildings, park- and schoolhouses will unfurl thi
.- 'iiii Park there will (■■■ bands play
■. rtainment of the peoph between the hours of 2 and 4:30 and 8
, . G Iden Gate Park there will be a special programme of
during the regular hours. All citizens are requested to ap
dversary of "Dewey day." The shipping is
JAMES D. PHBLAN, Mayor.
H. Hiltoi
■
Bay.
• as been .-•
foot of Market
-
sted to
The book will
! by the society. A
from the t:
■
by the
■- ■ • grass and fo
ed up and the
ht Club has Is
• that the yachts of
[th • ■ I ■orin-
San Francisco Yacht
. -• ■ Vallejo on
■ irnlng the foil"
club will leave
to-morrow at 3:45 p. m. and
.. rir.g off the S.
md taking "colors" from
?vn on Commodore Hill's flagship.
,\ "colors' on
•v morning and thereafter will fol
. ■ Hill's signals until the
■ ,!Se.
tructions v. I rday given Ma
commanding the I '■•
llfornia, directing him to
•■ a fired by guns sur-
Ba on May l.
ROBBED A GROCERY.
Ozais Danis, a Notorious Thief, Is
Booked on a Charge of Grand
Larceny.
. torious
: iw awaiting his
:: the Superior Court on :i chai
lary, was air.- i (i yesterday mora
- Judge Lawlor's
Ives Divan, Reynolds and
:-t (>.>..k- '1 at the City I '
.v, rge "f gran 1 larceny.
}]<■ was "in nil lion. ls and "n April 21
companion went to the grocery
Schroeder, 131G Mission street.
• • the bar and asked I
•■ r. While Sehroeder was serv-
Im his companion walked into the
: detained Sehroeder as lon^
• ould in making a small purchase of
Meantime Dania had sneaked Into
a room off the bar, where Schroeder kept
and Btole H6O. The previous
mis had called at the store asking
tnge of a $5 gold piece and saw
the money was k<-|>t. His com
:, has net been i aught.
Death of Vicar General Elena.
RLIN, April 27.— Rev. T>. Elena,
Vicar General of the I Hamilton,
R2 years.
I-ATi; SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, April 27.
Rchr John A, Hellqulst, 75 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Maxim, Olaen, 26 hours from Caspar.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY -Arrived April 27-Chll
ship Tf-muco, from Victoria.
TACOM A— Arrived April 25— Stmr Queen.
hence April 21. April .Stmr Mackinaw,
h*nce April 22: Br ship Andrada, from Astoria.
tsille.l April 2f>— Stmr Orizaba, for Alaska.
TACOMA- Sailed April 27 Schr Lena Swea
•ey. for San Francisco: bark Tidal Dave, (or
San I'edro.
GRKKN-WOOD-Piiilprl April 27— Stmr Alca
traz, for Snn Francisco.
«BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed April 27-Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
I,'SAL— SnllPd Anrll 27— Stmr Newsboy, for
ran KranciFco.
SKATTI,r-;-Arrlved April 27— Stmr Laurada.
from Alaska.
FOREIGN' TOUTS
HONOLULU-Sailed April 11-Br stmr Cop
tic, for Ban frunciiro;.J{aw hark R P Rlthet.
lor San Frandsoo; T*r strnr Doric, for Yoko
hama; st '.'";.' : - Nelson, for Manila April
12— Ship C F KHrpnt, for Seattle; i. km Ame
lia, for Port Blakeley; Br slmr Aorangl for
Vancouver. April 18— Haw ship Falls of Clyde
for Ban Francisco: Mr stmr Warrimoo tor Syd
ney. April 15— Bark McNcar, for Laysan
Inland. April 17 Schr Charlea Hanson, for
liana; Fr §chr Tahlteinnc, for Marguenns
April IS— Schr Jennie Wand; for liana; Hr bark
Invermark, for Taltal; nhlp «;■•., R sk'>in>l<i
for Delaware Breakwater. April 13— Jap rtrnr
Nippon Maru, for Yokohama; »chr Metha Nel
son, for Mahukona: Btmr Kllhu Thomson for
San Francisco; schr Spokane, for Port Town
send.
Arrived April 11— Br itmr Coptic, from Yo
kohama. April 12— Stmr Australia, hence April
I- Br stmr Aoranel. from Sydney; phiD B I*
Hitchcock, hence March 26, via Hilo. April 14—
Br stmr Warrlmoo, from Victoria: schr I>«n
nnce, from Newcastle, NSW. April 16— Ship
Ersklne M Phelps, hence April 1. hark Albert,
hence March 31. April 17-Hktn S N Castle,
hence March 3;. April 19— Ship Iroquois, from
New York.
Passed this port April 18— Bark Wilna, hence
April 1. for Vladivostok.
TRANSATLANTIC STKAMKK.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 2(s— Stmr Trave,
Crom Bremen.
POOLS STILL
BEING SOLD
IN THE CITY
Law Openly Violated
by the Gamblers.
ARCADE SALOON IN BUSINESS
MONEY HEAVILY WAGERED ON
THE RACES DAILY.
Broyer & Gly-nn, the Proprietors, Said
to Be Banking J. Roche, Who
Receives the Money and
Records Bets.
The impunity with which the racehorse
m< :\ and touts continue to violate the
recent ordinance of the Supervisors for
bidding the making of hand books and
- pools in the city on the result
c argues little for the efficiency
of Chief Lees and his officers, who are
suppose,', to represent law and order In
San Francisco.
Recently, after The Call's expose caused
ssag< of an ordinance whereby the
: :u of money at Engleside on th"
was made an offense, the touts and
men sought to evade the limitations;
of their demoralizing rights by making
hand books. That this was a fact and
that it was done with Haunting publicity
•• the ordinance passed prohibiting
it The Call proved a few days ago. when
it dearly showed that a notorious tout
■ Fred Jackson was making a daily
habit of hunting up and down Ellis street
in the vicinity of Powell seeking for
victims, with whom he laid odds against
the horses. It was further shown that
the violators of the law made it a habit
to go from place to place plying their
lawl< ss business and that according to the
■ among thieves they limit their en
• rgli s to certain districts. That is t
on< will not ■ ncroach on the territory of
another.
The recent closing of the poolrooms has
not broken up the business of robbing the
poor, gullible wretches who were daily
wont to risk their mites In vain hopes of
beating the Impossible. Those that prey
upon the Insatiate greed* of the ignorant
still ply their high-handed robbery under
very eyes of the police. When these
men who have brought hunger and want
to many of the homes of the poor classes
were driven from Stevenson street they
simply moved away to other quarters
and took additional care to keep secret
their dens of iniquity, fine of these is
t>ut a little way off Market street, and
into it daily there go the pittances of
those to whom the small sums mean food
and clothing.
The place in question is the Arcade sa
loon, at the Bouthwest corner of Fourth
and Mission streets. The proprietors of
this den are Alexander B. Broyer and
.l<>hn P. Glynn, ana it is said that they
are behind the bank, so to speak.
A man who gives th.- name of J. Roche
is the stool pigeon of the house. He it
is who receives the money, records the
bet and pays out— that is when the bettor
wins, which is seldom. This den is
crowded during the early morning hours
and while the races last. The money is
the bar by the man
calling himself Ko. he, but there is a pri
vate room in the rear, so that if any bus
is person or any one unknown to the
touts comes in the betting goes on un
molested. In this rear room is also a
telephone, by which the results of the
races are received. Roche is careful to
■ eipt Of any kind for the money
that is placed with him. The patrons of
the place are of 'hat class that cannot
afford to lose, and for whose protection
the ordinance against poolrooms was
passed. Th< se men and boys openly bet
their money, and the scenes that were
■ enacted In the dens on Stevenson
■ have simply been transferred Lo
anotl This is but one of the
many dives "f the kind that are running
In "pen defiance <>f the law.
yesterday there was the same crowd,
who, as usual, wen- fleeced. Imring the
afternoon Sergeant Conboy stood for a
while in froni of the Arcade saloon, but
his august presence had no effect on those
that wanted to risk their money. They
■ [y went In and bet their money and
then hung around to await the result of
the r;;ce. It Is said that Roche Is not the
true name of the man that takes the
money, but that he Jg in the employ of
Broyer & Glynn. However, he claims to
be running the pool on his own account.
This may be, but it Is not improbable
that the proprietors get the customary
"rake-down" for permittting the pool to
tx run in their saloon.
That pools are daily sold at the Arcade
is a well-known fact not only throughout.
the Mission but along and north of Mar
ket street. The convenient locality of the
- is one of the reasons that it doea
such a thriving busil i
GAMES SOUTH
OF MARKET ARE
CLOSED DOWN
The Proprietors Fear:
Another Raid.
___— — —
The proprietors of the various gambling ':
joints along Market street have decided ;
.. ir game* until after the pres
asefl against them are disposed of in !
the Polk ■ Courts.
Yesterday afternoon Hornlein & Krumb,
proprietors of the Cafe Royal, visited the
Southern police station, and informed
Captain Spillane that they had concluded
to ".lose up" pending a decision as to
whether or not poker as played In their
resort is a percentage game. Shortly
afterward the proprietors of other games*
1 along Market street also announced their i
intention of not further violating the law
j until the present cases lire decided.
I The news that the conductors of the ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1899.
MERCHANTS ARE
MAKING READY
FOR A RATE WAR
Local Jobbers Fear Railroads
Have Played Them False.
The Great Northern Said to Have Made a
New Tariff for the Benefit of
Eastern Competition.
SAX FRANCISCO'S jobbers have an
other battle on their hands. It is to
be the old war of transcontinental
traffic and a fight to prevent the big
wholesalers of the East encroaching upon
the territory of the merchants of the
West
Arrayed against the local dealers are
apparently the Great Northern and
Northern Pacific railroads, the Simmons
Hardware Company of St. Louis and the
EUbbard-Spencer-Bartlett Company of
Chicago, the two biggest hardware job
bers of .the Middle Bast, and sticking out
;UI over the situation can be seen the old
time fend waged for so long against this
city by the smaller jobbers of Seattle
and Tacoma. A combination of greed and
malice that the San Francisco merchan
dizes are just now Retting into their
lighting harness to run a joust or so with.
The whole situation hinges upon the
transcontinental rate on less than car
load lots of freight. l*p to a year ago
| the San Francisco retailer could bring a
keg of nails or a crate of shelf hardware
Into this city from the East for only
about 10 cents more on the hundred
pounds than the big jobber could bring in
carload lots of the same article. The big
■ tirms of the East took advantage of this
j condition, threw their traveling men into
this territory and by reason of their
larger volume of business were enabled
to offer inducements that won a great
portion of the retail trade from the home
dealers.
San Francisco was in a serious predica
ment. The rate as it exist. m! then en
abled the Easterners at all times to com
pete with the local merchant on a prac
tically equal footing and at no more ex
■ In business operation. As a result
of it the two tirms mentioned builded up
an enormous trade on the coast and cap
tured that of intermediate points.
Driven to desperation, the local mer
chants last March sent a delegation of
sound business men to Monterey to ap
pear before the Transcontinental Traffic
Bureau, then meeting at that point, to
appeal for a higher rat.' on less than car
load lots of freight. They prayed for a
freight that would cut the Eastern houses
off from the retail and small job
bing trade In this bcate and also
give San Francisco an equal snare
of the trade of intermediate points.
Those who represented the home deal
ers at the conference were Frank S.
Brown, W. H. Wheeler of the Hardware
and Metal Association, Charles 11. Tay
and C. Rulofson. The two big Eastern
hardware tirms had got wind of the
Western action against them and also
ha>l representatives on the spot, well pre
pared to fight any proposition to cut them
out of the Western sphere of profit.
There were three days of much palaver
and the San Franciscans came home con
vinced that their light was won. The
Traffic Bureau adjourned to .Milwaukee
and during the latter part of May met
again and. with all of die transcontinen
tal llrus represented and parties to any
agreement It might come to. bo raised the
rat. a^ to give the Western business in. :i
practically everything they had asked for.
The bureau divided transcontinental
fr. Ight up into live 'Masses and on less
than carload lots raised the rate on class
1 from }2 4ii to $4: on class 2 from $2 15 to
$2 00; on class ;>, from $2 to $2 50; on class
4 from $1 ~n to $1 '.m. and on class 5 from
$1 60 to Si 65, a schedule that effectually
shut out the Eastern firms.
Then local merchantdom settled down
humdrum prosperity of th<- time <if
and railroad men shook hands with
th.mseives that rat^s never before had
been in su.h good condition. The new
schedule was a good thing for the South
ern Pacific and anoth -r for the Santa F< :
and, in fact, for all the southern and Og
den-lines. They got .he long haul on all
freight west from the Eastern market to
notorious games had agreed to tem
porarily cease operations caused consider
able consternation among: the "grafters"
and "sure-thing" gamblers. Shortly after
the games closed down the disreputable
horde gathered about the Cafe Royal and
vigorously denounced the proprietors fur
acceding to the demands of the police.
"I thought they'd get cold feet," re
marked a well-dressed gambler, who has
waxed fat on the money he has won from
poker-crazed youths. "I was wlllin" to
make a book on it. We made barrels of
stuff for them, and now they throw us
down because the papers make a howl.
If 1 were int. rested in the gami 1 yer kin
bet yer dough that I would give 'em a run
for their money. Lees is makln' a roar
and pretendln 1 to be struck by the wave
of virtue, but it don't go with me. Sei "
I am goin' to open up a few games my
self and if these blokes try to down me
there will be sorm.-thin' doirr". Are you
WiS>'.'"
His sentiments seemed to meet the ap
proval of the gang and they loudly voiced
their approbation. Just as they were de
nouncing the police for interfering with
them a -broad-shouldered officer from the
Southern station appeared on the seenti
and compelled the disgruntled gang to
disperse. , _. .. .
Captain Spillane is determined that
gambling shall cease south of Market
street. As a precautionary measure, he
lias Instructed his men to visit the places
Where gambling has heretofore been ear
ii, d on every hour, and to arrest ariy and
all persons caught playing percentage
The visit of the Police Commissioners
to the gambling dens Wednesday night
no doubt impelled the proprietors to cease
operations until a decision in the pres
ent coses is reached. Satisfied that the
games come within the purview of the
law relating to percentage, the Commis
sioners agreed that they should be sup
pressed. Evidently learning of their de
cision, the proprietors of the joints,
rather than suffer the police to make an
other raid on them, concluded to shut
down until the ordinance is tested.
GETTING READY TO KILL.
Deputies Looking Over the Ground at
the Sea Lion Rookeries.
A preliminary Step toward thinning out
the seal herds will bo taken to-day. Al
Wilson and Mr. Nelson, connected with
the California Fish and Game Commis
sion, will po to Point Reyes to look over
i the ground and see if the herds have as
sembled at the rookery.
The majority of the herds do not stay
at the rookeries all of the year, but prin
j cipally during the season when the young
come "forth. This period is between the
first of May and th<- last of June. After
i th<' latter date the female sea lions take
I their pups away and the rookeries of the
- point are comparatively deserted, except
i by a few old females, until the next seu-
I son comes around again. In the interim
th.> Beats and tlu-lr young scatter along
I the const, only congregating at the en
trances of the bays and rivers when the
' spring and fall runs of salmon are on.
Then is when they <lo their deadly work
and reduce the number of fish going to
the spawning grounds by the. thousands
of pounds.
From what can be learned, the breed
■ in^ season of the sea lions lias not be-
Lruii yet. The deputies have gone to the
rookeries to get the lay of the ground, in
order that no time may be lost when
the real work of thinning out the herds
l>< f.'iiis. ']'):< reason that the lirst move
is to be made "ii Point Reyes is that the
rookeries there ar< r:"t on Government
ground, as Is the case.:vith the Farailon
Islands and the A.no r*ov<> Islands.
» ■» .
A beautiful Decker Piano for ?200 at
i Mauvala', 769. Market street. •
the San Francisco jobber and then they
got it back on the short haul to custom
ers at intermediate and local points, and
it is on the short haul and local business
the big lines figure for their biggest
mon.y. As it was under the old .schedule,
when the Eastern man controlled the in
termediate, trade, the roads had but the
one haul. The freignt was picked up at
St. Louis or Chicago and dropped along
the line wherever a customer was located.
but under the prohibitive rate everything
had to be brought first to the San Fran
cisco jobber and then .hipped out again.
The merchants and the railroads were for
oni c In great accord and San Francisco
bad a fighting chance to eventually get
.ill that was due her.
A few months later, however, it became
apparent that the Simmons people had
not given up the light nor played all their
cards. Their representatives appeared
again on the coast and to offset the in
creased freight rate they approached old
customers and guaranteed them a suiii
cient discount or rebate on their freight
bills to warrant them in again trading j
with the Eastern house, and at the same
time the merchants here noticed that the,
Simmons people stopped routing their
freight over their old '..ifs and were ship
ping Dearly everything by the Santa i-v
system. A suspicion thai the Santa Fe
Was evading the terms of the- agreement
was at or.cc aroused and a dose watch
was kept for some further Indication that
an attempt was being made to break up
the new schedule and open the gates
again for a tide of Eastern competition.
The next Indication came three weeks
ago, when a quiet tip came into town that
the Great Northern had secretly reverted
to tin- old rate and that the Northern la- i
CiflC was standing in on a deal to again
throw the Kastern tirms into the Western
territory.
Chairman Wheeler of the Hardware
and Metal Association at one.- called upon
the local agents of the Great Northern
and demanded to know if the road had
Inaugurated the old tariff. They
replied that if it had they had
not been so advised. Telegrams to
correspondents in Tacoma and Se
attle elicited nothing more definite,
but each day the agents of other roads
represent, d on the coast were being
warned by their head offices that the
Northern roads had broken down the har
rier between the West and East, al
though their new tariff sheets had not
is.-Ued.
Since that time there have been two
or three Becret meetings of the inter
>>t..i jobbers each week, and ways and
means to combat the latest danger to lo
cal trade have been much discussed. It
was suggested that the Seattle 'obbera
and others In the Northwest he lined up
and prevailed upon to request the North
ern roads to restore the schedule, hut
that proposition was spoiled by an
equally well authenticated tip that it was
upon pressure brought to bear by the
Seattle and Tacoma jobbers that the road
had gone back to its old schedule, In or
der to prevent a Kan Francisco invasion
of the northern field.
It was also hinted that certain local re
tailers were interested in the restoration j
Of the old rates, and that the action of
the Great Northern was but the begin
ning of a movement on the part of all
the roads] carrying transcontinental
freight. This rumor the Southern Pacific
people emphatically deny. They say that j
the northern roads have not so wide a
sphere of Influence south of Portland,
thr-ir action will force like action on the
part of the southern and Ogden lines, and
that the present rate is more to be de-
Bired by them from every standpoint
than the o!d one. The Santa Fe people '
say the same thing.
As it stands, however, the jobbers are
meeting every other day or so to dis
cover, if they may, just what they have
to tight. When tiny find the enemy
they will be ready for the mix-up, and
the few of them who were willing to talk
of tii. mutter yesterday were willing- to
guarantee they would put the quietus on
the Kastern linns before it was all over.
A MASONIC EVENT
OF A GENERATION
A NEW CHAPTER INSTITUTED
AT THE MISSION.
The First Time in Forty-Two Years
That Such a Ceremony Has
Taken Place Here.
There was an unusual event in Mission
Masonic Temple last nipht. and that was
the Institution of a new chapter of the
Royai Arch Masons, the first that has been
Instituted In this city in a period of forty
two years. The new body, the third In
this city, is known as Mission Chapter
No. 79. The officiating officer was M. E.
PHILIP D. CODE, THE HIGH PRIEST.
THE EMPOBIUM. | THE EMPOBIUM. | THIs EMPOBIUM.
* - ~ • ' ■ *
t The Big Store will be closed all day Monday, May 1— I
i Dewey Day. $
i ■ ' « ■■ l
I All kinds of Flags, Flag BMW EMi*©it!l!3!^ /ss Psraskova J
| Ribbon and Bunting for I \Vr j»"^ « "Itl Sandelln, mezzo -so- 2
fc _, _ *m * P uoideaßuic Bazaar. >, » j» t 5
J. Dewey Day C cl C' xaufqrnia . crudest prano, will be the solo- ;
* for at Son, at /^~7} ' /^y? ~- ist at the Con- *
* specially low / \^\^ ' *-/ ' cert Saturday X
i Prices- Lj/J>t/l^tls^^ evening; April 5
% Toy department, // ' c all-d/$t yf-^oath *
i second floor. // SeeoAL Sales - 2 9 th.
J Special Friday Only Friday Bargains for Ladies' lnitial \ 'Bargain Friday Offering in J
* Cyclometers, 23c. Handkerchiefs™^™ Athletic W% J
* For one day only we offer regular $1 j aiStl B iGS. Extra Fne Quality TiffhtSm X<Ca 2
* Cyclometers like picture at 23c Hemstitched Initial Hand-Embroidered you'll want a / F^i\ *
J Made by the la- ! Handkerchiefs, exceptional value at 25c , u it when you take />/ I 5
& /^^l ' mous Seth Thomas special to-day at . 190 V nnr viratinn T r V\\-s \ «
I f&Jn*^^ ClOck Co -- accu - 65 d .an Ladies' All-silk String Ties, e T T ieh t s two >^ I/} *
* ftiJ*^^^ rate, durable and good assortment of colorings, 10c value p ij ces> suitable for 6 // *
1 S^!o^ hnished hKe a " SPedal t n Hay ' 6 ° LT^milg- \IW ♦
ft \%&^~ watch -Cyclome- SpeCia ' t0 ' ° Sr'sTimming- If *
* 1000 and 10,000 miles aS repeat-tone • Bargain Friday Special in bLk,^Sy DS or |||| J
J better, few equal to them. They require GomhlnatlOn ladies' s urts or — .RMVJ J
Tno lubricant, are dust proof andean be -.» , - —a . Comhina- «uun.a ' ""*' , _ ?S3 . |/< / ,<• _ i
* easily read when you are in the saddle. POCket-BOOkS. tion Pock- regularly <oc and — 1 W\ i_^— J
J ■ ; et-Books. well made of Grain Leather, ooc per garment- \ 111 J
*. F/idav's Big Bargain in with patented slot frame, warranted not on sale to-day (j^"' ■*
I Seasonable »"«»* ZJ^\&^J3& kSw- D? - ' |
| Wash Goods. Fabrics- , — ; — ; — J
» Leno woven cloths, daintily colored — bor Biro am Friday Only. For 'Bargain Friday Only. ♦
<f» broken lots of fine and medium qualities ttf***.mm* tt**-m.**99 Th« "Com _ >> ■ *-» -^ T i- , *
X that were 10c and 12* c yard-your "Gent POCO ' The ? ™™ LadieS* OnClta Jad.es' «
* choice to-day at... : 6c Cameras s2,7s. Cam- Union Suits. Ribbed Slt'on J
* Bargain Friday Offering Th," !"^ a -<s^^^>v--_ Oaeita Union Suits, closed in front, low ♦
* mm .' ml nil^ picture "?"«.«' ffSL-j-.< - — ~-rs*trQl '' neck, no sleeves, ecru color, regular value ♦
+ Men'S tf* is fitted with 'I;-"- T^] 5 -'; ! 50c each, our every- iay selling price 35c J
* -, '/y\ rap , achro : ' :.f rt>«l i -on sale to-day only at 23© I
gk, <e3teJiSidis>a suits il*zj m3tlc lens and -•,••' *'••* @1 *
*in this lot — single- a i "$ one double plate ■ •••"/"J »•;;•,.: ■jj • I " "
|S^ CT W^J<|m E££S"K ffii-fSiP 1 -Bargain Frida, Offering «
* pie all the year '^r ) \\( on this Cm?ra • ■ '^ v "^ BablCS* s*^* *
T round weights— If / / < s_i^ is $s— to-day only w will sell thi • Cam- VTvP?"' i *
3, handsome, honest j/,^/ / » : era at the very special price of $2*75 ShOCS. \iyjln' : \ 2!
* $10 suits (10 of \ < \/ 3 .> l | * A few standard articles fiat every Tf _t , I)laf . kand V-V- <: \ 2
% them from a lot \M "Kodaker" needs at special prices to-day: '? . "JlL'^A 2
* that has sold all /V ./I 1 4^xs« Wood Fiber Trays, regularly B utto /•''•'T^vV *
* along at $12.50 : i^. //V '. 18c. for 150 Ju 1 " sUk foffi^X 2
* all regular s.zes ./ i // Eureka 8-oz Toning Solution, regularly blo . e . s v'e . tVn J fe^^^V^ *
* from 85 to 42 — //I 'A 25 %* 'Z" A VT'" «"Vw?if tops - new coin vs- lIM ll^V J
* every suit splen- / \ '/ Eiko Hydro Deveoper, 8-oz b ttle, V°P S " ew ™m J
*^ j-j i-i j j 1 / i i on f o-3« toes, kid tips, *>
* didly tailored and I f regularly 30c for ....23C turned sewed soles, sizes 2to 6, sold reg. J
t a perfect fit fur- \ Hardwood Printing Frames, sizes 2-. x „.,„ $1-10 __. '-- to-day 0n.y..7^ |
» nishe-i-every suit . \ 2«, 3^x4^ 3^x3^, 4^x4^, 4x5, regu- ularly $1.10 pair-for to-day only.. 7J© «
fr positively guaran- , \ I larly 20c each, for 15c
* teed. It is the \ \ V _. n - t* •* s\ , : *
J best bargain we \U W^- Bargains F'idav and Saturday. On Bin am Friday Only. *
ST have given thi-; *? . • m „ . , &ngae*iiaK &£*lt* Closed out from *•
J season-at to-day's sp 3-^^j y» |- Groceries—^ f article vpeviaiaaie a , d Bible j
| cial price ........ #0.4^1 i * ™™»*.« Guaranteed- O/ BihiCS. House their sample ♦
2 — Liq**OrS. money back :,f you H ne of Bibles, and we ace on sale 150 ♦
* Bargain Friday Offering in wan . , '* Direct GroCery Tele hone - Oxford Workers Bibles, French Morocco, *
*" /«» *ra v » o Uo-i w,f o » Qr.nn t irV, * -14. *o*« divinity circuit, round corners, red under J
* Cudahy3 I P' M S h er & J«t 15: Bacon special at ./|C Rold e dges, with 17 full-page plates, size J
* soap. an cx - ellent Bath Soa P» 6c Santa Clara Prunes, 8 lbs 250 |; o >H^! to at S2— for to !
6 Stiap. larre size cakes, worth reg- Highland Sugar Corn, 2 cans 15c '^ jnches, made to sell at for to- «
* nlarlysc— special for Friday 0n1y......... 4c bar Sand Soap, 8 for 2So ° ay Tp*YtaZJ'^' e *"r<A 3
* 2 cakes for So Mb packages Imported Macaroni, Vermi- -.„ Nye-sßen,^, Ro ya , 2
& c- -,o ~ F"7 c/ celH or Spaghetti for »O Q BIU Nye >S Remarks, Royal J
J Special Bargain FndlV Sale. IBc D& G Sardines (imported) We Bvo, published at $12o— sale to-day +
» f aft» 50 pairs only of fine 10c Jams an . Jellies (in glass), 3 ir: 25c lat ;••-; •—; * 9 ° *
* L^Ce - Lace Curtains, B>i 15c Jams and Jellies (in class*. 2 for 25c iPos'ag* is c ixtro*. «
* Curtains, yards long, 54 inches Bulldog Imported Stout, dozen Library of Wit and Humor, J
* wide white or ecru, small handsome bor- for $1.75 by Mark Twain and others, Royal Bvo, J
£ der, ' with Point d'Esprit center, our $1 Champion Bourbon, qts for. BOc published at $1.50— 0n sale to-day at
5 re^-uar price $2.50 per pair— special to- 5 full qt bottles Port or Sherry 4-92 •$>
t day only $1.68 $1.00 ('Postage t 7 c ixir a). <(
Past Grand High Priest Thomas H. Cas
well assist. 'l by Past Grand High Priest
David C. Smith.
The ceremony was rendered with all
the [mpressiveness of that degree of
Masonry in the presence of a large num
bi r of companions, who were received by
the following named companions: C banes
Dlminock Bunker, Charles Follen Ha
■ Fred Herbert Gibson, Charles Aus
tin Day James Woods h.evstone, Edwin
Warren Tucker and Frank Bragg. The
officers of the new chapter, who were In
stalled for the current term, are: Philip
I> Code, high priest; Andrew Christen
sen king; Franklin Dallon, scribe; Alex
ander Middleton Cox, captain of the
host; Henry Chase Hunker, principal bo
lourner; James Beverly Hodgdon, royal
arch captain; William Brady Jr.. master
of the third rail: George Dlckson ('lark,
master ut the second rail; Dewey Coffin,
master of the lirst rail; Christian Hell
wip treasurer: John Ruben Hillman, sec
retary, and Edward Gilberts, guard.
\tter the ceremonies and congratula
tions there was an adjournment to the
banquet hall, where was served an cx
ci Went collation, followed by soups and a
few responses to toasts, the principal
speakers being Grand High Priest Florin
L. Jones and Samuel M. Snortridge.
The visitors who attended the institu
tion w< re: H. J. Owen, J. H. Roberts. \V.
Wells. John Hilleker. K. C. Hare. J. T.
Gallop Martin Musil, J. A. Emerson, R.
\v. Madden, B. Wolf, E. E. Johnson, P.
\V. Barton, Alex Martin, George H. Fox,
Clans Frahm, Oscar Ohnstein, Charles J.
King, H. J. Hums. B. N. Rowley, H. T.
Burns James McCarthy. Robert Ashe,
.lanes MacMulien. J. T. Grey. C. H.
Evans, L. A. Larsen, George Childs. C.
11. Maker. C. Moody Plummer, D. Mc-
Neil. U. I>. Brand, Henry C. Huhbard. J.
F. Connelly, J. Tonningsen,- E. Peabody,
E W. Peabody, Henry Ascroft, Florin L.
Joins. William J. B. M'arren. A. Schu- !
l( nb< rg, W. B. Holland, T. F. Maguire, I
George S. Gilbert, A. L. Burroughs, H.
C. Somers, J. B. Warnick, P. P. Dall. ,
Roberi i<. Humphrey, J. M. Peel, H. M.
Furman, C. JJliss, J. A. Hosmer, George
Dietterlc. Robert Pragg, M. B. Brown,
T. 11. Caswell, B. Bloom. Henry Hanson,
F. • '. Morgan, E. B. Church, James B.
Gordon, Samuel M. Shortridge, J. P.
Fraser, Frank X. Nicolaysen, W. Robin i
son. Robert S. Browne, M. J. Kelly. J. N.
Hammitt. J. A. Marsh. W. H. Thomas. '
F. A. Hornblower, A. M. Hendry, I>. J.
Sullivan, J. A. Moller, T. Kisfeldt, Ralph '
L. Hathorn, J. H. Soper, Samuel Adel
stein, J. E. Purdy. C. J. Perrain. J. R.
DaggeU, C. P. Overton, W. H. Edwards,
.1. M. Brown, M. S. Bornstein, George
Humphreys. J. Simon, A. Michaels. Aaron
Doud, A. McKay, Thomas Lockwood, J.
\v. Seeley, E. R. Bryant. T. J. Fraser,
George T". Shaw. A. A. Batkin and J. M.
Wilklns.
ENGINEERING CORPS
HOME FROM HONOLULU
CAME IN LAST NIGHT ON THE
AUSTRALIA.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia arrived last night anil anchored
:in the stream. She is six days twenty
three hours and forty minutes from Ho
nolulu, and carries 104 cabin and 303 steer
age passengers.
The passengers were chiefly enlisted
men of the battalion of engineers from
Honolulu, with fourteen officers. The of
ficers were: General E. C. Compton,
Lieutenants Rrittain? Coolldge, Cooney,
Schmeiden, Mills, Turner. Kern and Tlce,
; and Captains Draper, Rickon, Springett
' and Sweasey. The arrival of General
Compton has been anxiously awaited at
the Presidio, as the Neall court-martial
could not be completed without him.
Among the civilian passengers were:
: United States Senator C. D. Clark and
wife, Robert S. Moore of the Risdon Iron
Works and C. L. Wight of the Wilder
Steamship Company.
The soldiers aboard were very much dis
gusted when they found that they would
be obliged to He in sight of the city all
night without being allowed ashore, but
they made the best of matters. At about
9:3 C a party went out on a tug to wave
the boys a welcome, but as the iiuarantine
officers had not yet boarded the vessel
they had to content themselves by carry
ing'on a long-distance conversation.
The Australia had a very rough passage.
(>n 'he 25th she experienced strong east
southeast winds, with a squally and rough
pea. On the 25th at noon the wind hauled to
north-northwest, continuing strong, and
the sea was very rough. She came into
port with a light wind and smooth sea.
MISS TORRES DEFEATED.
Henri Windell's Will Construed
Against Her by Judg Coffey.
When Henri Windell ran his pen
through the clause in his will, bequeath
ing his household furniture located at his
late homo, 4 Burrell street, and (10,000 to
Marion Torres, daughter of the late Gen
eral Torres, and substituted the name of
Constance Hohle, he defeated one of his
own plans.
The hearing to determine the construc
tion of the will terminated yesterday be
j fore Judge Coffey. and the court held
that the effort of the testator to disin
herit Miss Torres was successful, it be
ing apparent that he did not wish her
to receive the legacies first incorporated
in the will. The attempt of the testator
to substitute Miss Hohle. however, the
court found was ineffectual, the legal ex
ecution being deficient. Consequently un
der Judge Coffey's ruling the bequests
revert to the estate. Tho court also held
that the attempt of the deceased to re
duce a bequest of $4("HX) to his sister. Maria
Dorothea Geetdts, to $:W0 could not hold,
as the testator simply ran his pen
through the figures $4'i<*> and substituted
the figures $:?000 in pencil, instead of re
voking the words which govern th> fig
ures—four thousand dollars— and rewrit
ing tho request.
Tho loss of the bequest is a gri-at hard
ship to Miss Torres. She cared for the
dead man many months prior tp liis
death, and it was owing to her kindness
to him that the deceased made the origl
nal bequests, and many are of the opin
ion, as Miss Torres contends, that Windell
was not "f sound mind when he revoked
the legacies and attempted to give them
to Miss Hohle.
A Woman's Sudden Death.
An elderly woman, whose name is be-
Heved to be Mrs. Mary Donnelly, was
found lying on tho doorstep of the house
at 1329 Ellis street in an unconscious con
dition last night. The ambulance was
called, but before the woman could be
driven to the Receiving Hospital she ex
pired. When the woman was found on
the doorstep she bad a milkcan and a pie
in her arms. The doctors believe that sins
was suddenly attacked with heart failure.
"re<famokl" Kolii, Litest, best, perfect paint:
sample bottlf 2:>c. Pcpamoid. fiS Chronicle hlrljt.*
A MAN WHO IS NOT
FASTIDIOUS
about his laundry work will take it to
"any old place," but those who are
well-bred and want their linen to be
faultless in its color and finish will seek
out the United States Laundry in time,
just as water finds its level. Our laun-
dry work is incomparable, and is the
perfection of the laundryman's art.
Try us!
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry, Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
FASCINATING />*.
COMPLEXIONS^f
That soft, smooth, rose-tinted *RjsoU S'
complexion so much desired can \^is>W^
he obtained by the use of WOODBURY'S Facial
Boap and Facial Cream. They possess marvel-
uui power for brightening the color, Rlvingj
new. life and tone to the akin; beautifying: anl
preserving the complexion.
AOK VSTALIS
THE NEW
isiDav. toaax^afl^ VLI C 53 ED CUP II
war ioth Day. «m --^l y flt£n U n i ■
YITALIS 20 "' D^- IS. M DCIICnv
rnOD"f ES THE IABOTK 30th D- T . IICIIICUI| a
BHSCI.TB. II q u ' lkl '*» arel remove, Nervousnct.
N.ght y Kn,; ,on,, Evil Dreams Waiting Di,«»« «nd all ,ff, r
of self-a)>uae or «r-.« and indiscretion. Restores I/>!t Vitality
Power and Failine Memory. Wards off In.,anitv «id C™ ™
«on. Cunt when all others fail. Insist on having VITAL?M
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail »1 ©«
per parkaje * s ,x for *5.00 with a euar.nfee to , rO or
Refund tho Money. Circular Free Address
CAM MET Ct B£ CO., 884 Dearborn St., Chlcac*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
m^^^L, WHEN YOU
i##^^^^Requir9 an ELdC-
m^^Lmfd mc BELT get "Dr.
Pierces" and you will
i r^ not be disappointed.
*^^CT" Call or *ddre»s PIERCE
1 ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Kirktt st, (opp. ftlaea Halt), S. F. \- i :.
■ -■ ■;■■• . ; '- . . ■ . . .-. .'. ;■ -' .
56
FRIDAY APRIL 28, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. f. 1
Telephone Main I£BB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street ,'
Telephone Main IST*.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER "WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 conta. ; . ;
Tfimis by Mail, Including Postage:
t>AIT/r CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year ?0.00
frAILY CALL (Including; Biinciar Call). 6 months .'s.<:o
DAILY CALL Uncludlnß Sv.nday Call). 3 months 1.01)
DAILY CALL— By 81ngla Month 050
EVNPAT CALL One Year 1 •*'»
WEEKLY CALL. On. Year 1.00
All pontmastcre are authorised to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
hEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. cj office Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Mootgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open UQtll 9:33
o'clocK- 513 LarK,ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
!941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK 2£9! Marvel
•treat, ccrrer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK. 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh!
street, open until 9/ o'clocK- 1605 PolK street, oper|
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second anq
Kentucky str&et&. ooen until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columb'.a— "The Wron? Mr. Wright."
California— "A Hot Old Time."
Grand Opera House— "El Cap.'tan." . :
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Captain Swift."
Tivoll— "The Geisha."
Chutes Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
fl evening.
Olympli— Corner Mason and El'.ls streets. Specialties.
Insterstate F'nnorama Co., Market street, near Eighth-
Battle of Manila Bay.
Alhambra Theater— lntercollegiate Concert, Saturday Night,
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Campers' Excursion— Santa Cru« Mountains, Sunday,
P;:tro Baths — Grand opening Sunday, April 30.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback— This day, at 10:30 a. m. and I:M
p. m.. Choice Turkish ltuss, at 125 Gpary street.
By F. W. Butterfield— This day, at 11 o'clock, Furniture, at
62 EIU» street.
THE PANHANDLE.
THE gram in The Ca',l of Wedncs
• ■le people of this city and to
■ . aof the artistic picture t!ie
i 1 panhandle to Van Ness avenue will
el d. The view westward of a
I evard. lined with trees and terminating in
• ■ rk will be one of the finest in
and from the opposite direction the
-moke and the dull features
• ■
extended panhandle, the
enue to the Baker
ut two and a third
thy men v.
'. of their
It will be a resort for pedotrians and for
i mr
lulge in expensive luxuries,
. .t breath <>;' fresh air and a glimpse of the
z life
■ rate a? a tonic and re
: dy.
much to
the Half
lish. The
rated 1 • the
I with trees, about
an ace lunt of
tto 1 : • t] ■ ' without particular refer
n our local project that
any year- I '. i eda, con
■ ■
and Mexican
jhtful
nt. To pene
;.re>
■ as like the transition from a
• ■ ■ » and the
visit to California
Liburban invitation had been
■
under the plea of necessity, but
■ ■ •■■ spirit,
if protest
tumps nd r.' iw the milk or
the electric cars ha
ness wl ed the
trancing dr<
• ntion and
improve! •
n. We I ■ • ly alluded
enna, London and i |
•iewer citic- of <>ur
in half a
:: the applica
■ pulai
the heart and
■■ <a<: physical
I moral decency.
turns, not
■
• se will lie
of the
'■enter of the peninsula.
will produce la
road stocks.
with the
t Oliver I Beh lont. In
[ the
Bo« • ■)! have
lie i ti jer would
he leafy bribe.
Mr. Belmoni evidently had never heard of the lady
that went out for a walk wit and came
n Pedro and Los Angeles \< he peo
... victory over C. P. Hu . [n
ht C. P. Huntington cele
. . But
the State ii i md C. J ; . i [untingtoti is
ity Council of Lo has adopted an
inance making it compulsory upon all guesl
hotels to register. This will be done to assist the
police. Will Governor Gage be forced to remove
Los Vu.'eies from his visiting list?
William Jennings Bryan seeks to buy the support
of the Tammany tiger with the second place on the
national Democratic ticket. An exchange of gold
bricks is certainly no robbery.
HOME MISSIONS.
AT the session of the International Sunday
School Congress in Atlanta Dr. Vance of
Nashville, in delivering the address of wel-
I come, spoke with much feeling of the recent lynch
! ing in Georgia. His remarks were evidently cut in
j the telegraphic report, but enough remains to show a
; condition of very deep feeling on the part of this
I Southern preacher.
It is of interest that at the. meeting of the Maryland
I Presbytery, in Baltimore, on the 13th inst., Rev. Dr.
Joseph A. Vance, pastor of the leading Presbyterian
church in that city, delivered a pointed address on the
subject of the duty of the church to the Southern
negro. The occasion for it was the report of the com
mittee on "colored evangelization," which stated that
the negro problem was the most serious that faced
the Southern people and the most important of any
for the consideration of Americans. There are seven
millions of negroes in the field covered by the South
ern Presbyterian church, and the report said that to
the question whether that church had done its duty
by these people 'it had, with shame, to answer "No."
Continuing, the report said this is a critical period in
the history of church work among the negroes, and
unless heip was given to the African Presbyterian
church it would surely perish. If this happened the
church before God and man would stand in the posi
tion of having thrust the pitiable weakling out of the
fold to die of neglect, and the world would charge
them with having done so from race prejudice. Then
the church would stand in the ridiculous light of sup
porting a costly mission in darkest Africa, striving
at a supreme sacrifice to conquer the negro there,
i while turning him from their own doors here.
Speaking to this report. Dr. Vance said that the
church is confronted with a serious condition in re-
I spect to the salvation of the negro, and that it is a
ish thing to shut the eyes to the fact that the
j Southern people are lukewarm in regard to his wel
fare. He said young negroes are growing up natural
thieves and criminals simply because they are not
readied by any spiritual influence by Christian peo
: pie. The young negro cannot be taken care of in the
memories of the past, and there is less religious work
I among them now than when they were slaves. The
report of the committee was adopted.
We think that the elevation and control of the
negro has not been sufficiently considered on the side
of his natural religious instincts. The negro Metho
dist church has worked on that line with a measure
success. The Catholic missionaries among the
I blacks have done the same, and if more negroes were
educated for the priesthood the results would be
more significant. The Methodists have won their
way by ordaining a colored hierarchy and striving to
increase the number of educated negro preachers.
Among the negro Bishops of the Methodist church
are many highly ed I '.c men.
Their conference met three years ago in New Or
leans and was welcomed in a very thoughtful speech
1 y the .Mayor of that city. He spoke in a vein of
philosophy of the need of the educating in
fluence of the church among the blacks, and hailed
the conference as representative of a work of the
-t benefit to both races.
The conference responded in a speech by one of
the ■ hops which was a model of oratory
and furnished an intcre ly of the effect of
lucation to the tro] igination of the
black race. The Bishop said that the two races were
i" }< ' incy of the Southern States, and there
were abundant that 1 fate is joined
each was necessary to the other. lie said: "I am a
Chrisi lieve that God is no res; ■
rsons. White and black are alike to him. Did
rwise, that only for one race
and • ! Id turn my face and my
praj ers from him and would b< >w I
the knee to the devil, for 1 ' now that he is no re-
White mid black are welcomed
in his 1 thei no 'J'rn Crow car' on the
Really nothing could put the case stronger, no
matter v. may thinl or of the
■! the conduct and
all manner of men.
The n | intry a duty in
ilem in the South. Grai I
■ him be controlled
into a channel in which it may 1"
■ straint. With education g<
hand in hand with this \ I ition will
ist as it has been
f the white race by cultiva
■
A calm review of the situation certainly dei
strates that no good is a mplish dby savage lynch
ing of brui ■ I the removal of the in
dtvid i, and no good is accomplished < I
by th<> expletive denunciation of the lynchers. The
• ountry must com< I • up< in a
definite plan . '["]■• y must
■ nt people
"lore to ■ as at our own door and i
those who grovel at our feel waiting to be lifted up.
THE APPOINTMENT OF SENATORS.
Governor of Pennsj s gone thr
ting M atl [J"-:-y to the ■
of ] ■ r, after he had (ailed of an
election by the Legisl ture of that State. This fact,
with the opportunity for a similar effort in
California, has drawn public attention to the extent
the limitations upon gubernatorial power in
relation to such appointn
Tn ■ inia the term of Matt Quay and In
ornia the term of Stephen M. White expired
March 4. [899. Ea I for
si\ years and had filled, 1 • titutional
measure. In ince when the term expired
the Legislature in joint convention was balloting day
by day for a Senator to suing
year*. In each instance there was a deadlock, which
remained unbroken when the ued.
the Federal
titution le; om for doubi that in such a
stru
ment in terms covers both election and appointment.
It provide ' Senator shall
be chosen by the Legislature of his State. Witl iui
the action of this independent department of the
State government a Senatorial term cannot begin.
But the constitution further di :larej that when, "by
i< ignation 01 iccurs "during
the recess of the Legislature," it may be fille 1 by
utive "temporary appointment until the next
meeting of tin I I ire, which shall then iill such
ncy."
In the first p th it a State n
be represented at Washington by two Senatoi
Theoretically it may choose never to elect, and there
is no process known to the law by which an election
can be made compulsory. In the second place, the
whole power of choice is committed to the Legi
ture which is the immediate constituency of a Federal
Senator. It is upon this ground that, since the foun
dation of the Government, the right of legislative in
struction in matters pertaining to the State has been
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1899.
exercised. And no authority distinctly conferred
upon one department of the government can be as
sumed by a co-ordinate department without usurpa
tion.
But, in the third place, by analogy to other con
stitutional expedients devised to secure the uninter
rupted and harmonious operation of our political
system, when there is a vacancy in a Federal Sena
torship while the Legislature is in "recess" — that is,
when the legislative will cannot be immediately ex
pressed — the Governor is permitted temporarily to
appoint, and his limited authority is completely spent
when the Legislature reconvenes.
The better opinion seems to be that, within the
meaning of the constitution, no "vacancy" can happen
until after an election and the commencement of a
Senatorial term, and therefore that, even in. a State
where legislative sessions are biennial, if a term
should end during the off year the Governor could
not appoint. The power of temporary appointment
is manifestly conferred simply to meet such vacancies
as result from death or resignation during an existing
term. But, as to Pennsylvania and California, there
is no room for argument because, when the terms of
Senators Quay and White expired, the Legislatures
of the two States were in session, and under that con
dition the constitution not only does not direct but
clearly prohibits the exercise of the appointing power.
The precedents in the Federal Senate correspond
fully with these views, and there is no reason to be- I
lieve, even if there were not already a working ma
jority of Republican Senators, that in order to secure
a partisan advantage and in palpable violation of the
constitution, that able and patriotic council would re
verse decisions into which no political consideration
entered, and in some of which, it may be added, ex-
Senator Quay participated.
THE GEORY STREET FRANCHISE.
BEFORE acting upon the petition of the Market
Street Railway Company for permission to use
electricity upon its proposed "corkscrew" line
the Board oKSupervisors should thoroughly consider
two or three conspicuous facts. The franchise oi the
Geary Street Railway Company expires in 1902. The
Market street combine, which has succeeded to the
rights of this corporation, has made two attempts to
secure a regrant of this privilege several years prior to
its expiration. This action indicates that the company
is exceedingly anxious for a renewal of its privileges
upon the street and is not willing that they should be
arbitrated by the new charter, which goes into effect
in January next, nor by a Board of Supervisors
chosen when the issue is before the people.
In other words, the Market Street Railway Com
pany is seeking a franchise on Geary street in an ir
regular and furtive manner. It is possible that the
grant to the proposed "corkscrew" line, which is de
signed to cover Geary street from Taylor to Grant
avenue, would not complicate matters, but before the
'. Supervisors pass any such privilege they should thor
hly examine into the legal effect of their action.
No objection will be urged to the construction of
an electric line on Sixth. Taylor, Grant avenue, Bush,
j Sansome and other streets to the Barbary Coast, cx
i ccpt there appears in it an effort to gobble a valuable
privilege by indirection. A suspicious circumstance
tind in the fact that the Market street company
has declined to construct its electric line on any other
: street than Geary street. It was suggested that the
road proposed be built upon Taylor street to Post
and down to Grant avenue. This proposition was re
jected by the engineers of the corporation for ap
parently no reason whatever. It is. therefore, barely
ble that the construction department of the com
bine has received orders from the law department to |
run down Geary street as a preliminary to getting a
; foothold thoroughfare, which will exclude
j competition in the future sale of a franchise.
The safest of all plans would be the absolute re
fusai of the Supervisors to permit the "corkscrew"
line to run on Geary street. That would settle all
rence to the future. The people
of Geary street are entitled to an electric railroad in
■ of the present ramshackle cable line, but they
': will never get it so long as the Market street company
iys the privilege of forcing traffic from that thor
oughfare to its adjacent electric system. It is to the
■ f all parties that when the Geary street fran
chise expires it be sold to a corporation which will
construct a modern 1 lectric read upon the street.
FERRY DEPOT ECONOMIES
RARELY if ever before in the history of the city
have so many evidences been given of an car
n< ; intention on the part of officials to carry
reforms and e< The crusade of The
Call, carried <>n in so many different directions, has
almost everywhere had effect. The new Hoard of
Education has begun what promises to be a regime
genuine economy, racetrack gambling has been
I, the police have raided the offensive
phonograph parlors and g rooms downtown,
and now the Harbor Commissioners have set about
providing for economy and efficiency in the mai .
I of the ferry depot. Everybody, in short, seems
to be animated by the spirit of reform except the
Police Commissioners.
The work undertaken by the Harbor Commission
is by no means an agreeable task. It is much pleas
•l ! new men to the payroll of the State, even
when they are not needed, than to dismiss those who
.r< superfluous. The Board of Education had to face
a storm of protest when it set about the task of c.-mm
mizing in tiie administration of the schools, and the
Harbor Commission will have to confront something
of a similar nature. It is. therefore, the duty of all
citi/ens and all newspapers that have been preaching
and demanding economy to stand now by the officials
who are doing what they can to accomplish it.
The Call is the only paper in the city that lias
:y commended the Board of Education for the
lite way in which it has gone along weeding out
es and i iblishing the School Depart
ment on a strictly business basis. Our contemporaries
are ever vociferous in clamoring for economy in the
abstract, but when a chance comes to practice
•iiny they turn the other way. A good many citi
are of a like nature. It is for that reason i
cials find it so difficult to carry out reforms. The very
people who demanded them will oppose them when
put into practice.
By the exposure of the waste of public money in
the construction of the ferry depot, and in its mainte
nance : lie Call directed public attention to the |
gross corruption that existed there. A legislative
committee in an official report virtually continued
all the charges made by The Call. The Merchants"
Association took up the issue and aided in rousing
public sentiment on the subject Afterward some of
our contemporaries joined in the agitation. It now
appears the new commission proposes to practice
economy. The promise is .1 good one, and if it be
fully and honestly carried out the commission will
deserve well of the city and the State, and should b;
tfiven the open approval of all sincere friends of
economy in office and administrative reform.
Gage did not go out of his way to say offensive
things of Senator Perkjns. His usual way i 3 offensive.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
REV. JAMES WOODWORTH ON FLAX CULTURE.
Editor Call: I am very much gratified to see the use you make of l your
columns In encouraging and fostering the agricultural and manufacturing a~>
well as the other industries of the State. I am especially pleased just now witn
your Interest In the growth of flax, and I read with great satisfaction your re
cent editorial upon the subject. in which you express such sensible views or me
matter. I think there is no doubt that much of the land in California is wen
adapted to the growth of this valuable plant and that with Droper facilities ror
gathering and utilizing it after it has matured its cultivation might be made
highly profitable over wide areas of the State. Your implied doubt as to
"whether flax can be permitted to ripen its seed and at the same time afford
a fiber in condition for use" I think can ensily be set at rest. I have before me on
my table as I writs a bundle of the fiber grown in this State in as perfect con
dition as could be desired or imagined, taken from stalks that were allowed to
completely mature and from which the seed was threshed fully ripe and ready
for the oil mill, and I am assured by those well informed on the subject that
no trouble whatever in this regard need be apprehended.
The great difficulty in the matter arises from the lack of proper facilities for
gathering and saving the crop after it has matured. By the process now in
use much of the seed ie lost and the fiber is so broken that It is almost useless
except for fuel, for which In some portions of Washington and Idaho it is actual
ly used. Various devices have been contrived to overcome these difficulties, but
none of them that have so far been brought to a public test have met the re
quirements In a satisfactory manner. I, however, have a neighbor, a practical
man— a mechanic, a machinist— who for nearly twenty years has been at work
upon a machine for tnreshing flax, which he has at last perfected, which he has
tried upon a small scale, and which to that extent has proved entirely satis
factory, according to the recorded verdict of those well competent to judge,
whose testimony is upon record and can readily be procured. His claims for it,
which seem to be well substantiated, are that it will save 25 per cent of the seed
which Is lost by the present mode of threshing and will protect the fiber from in
jury, rendering it valuable for manufacture In any form desired. He has the
machine in working order on his own premises, where it can be seen and its
movements studied, and he is ready to go with it into the field whenever the sea
son for it opens, with full confidence of its success, but, as he says himself, he
has made and kept himself so poor in working to perfect it that he finds him
self unable to move it and put it into operation where it can be rendered
available for practical use. I wish he might be aided to do so, for if successful,
which there is every reuson to believe that It would be, It would increase the
value of the flax crop by a very large per cent and so give an impulse to its
cultivation that would add greatly to the resources and industrial wealth of the
State. Or, If anything better can be produced, let that have the preference.
Only let us avail ourselves of such advantages as are presented to us and not
let our opportunities pass while we bemoan the evil of overpopulation and the
lack of employment, which render so many unable to earn a livelihood.
The inventor of the machine referrod to has made the culture and manu
facture of flax a careful study for many years and has a collection of literature
upon both branches of the subject that it would be Instructive and profitable
for any one interested in it to peruse.
My interest in this matter has been aroused by a correspondence I have re
cently had with "ertain persons in the flax-growing districts of Idaho and
Eastern Washington, but being an old Callfornian and an advocate of encourag
ing home industries and believing that the nearer home we can get in our efforts
the better for us and those, our neighbors, to whom we are under the greatest
obligations, I write as, 1 do and I hope that with your strong and vigorous pen
to reinforce my utterances they will prove at least a factor in the process of
stimulating some of our public-spirited business men to prompt and vigorous
action In the case. JAMES WOOD WORTH.
125 Lexington avenue, San Francisco, April 26.
THE TRUST HAS COME TO STAY.
Editor The Call: In an editorial on "Government In Business" which recently
appeared In your Journal there Is a statement of current thought which should
challenge the attention of all who take an interest in the general welfare — too
many do not— and It reads thus: "The best and broadest opportunities of man
have be^n afforded in this republic, under its wise and tried constitution, and
the social state that has been founded en the civil state which that constitution
creates. The great Individual fortunes of which the Examiner complains are
merely the result of the opportunities furnished man In this republic."
So runs current thought, The thought of nine- men out of ten of practical
bueiness intelligence, and they will agree with The Call and defend its position.
But what will the tenth man say? He will not question the statement made by
The Call as relating to the opportunities of the past; but he will ask. What of
the present? Are like opportunities available for every one capable of "self
denial, economy and thrift?" And what of the future?
% The Call will concede, as any one will, that changes have occurred In recent
years which greatly limit "the best and broadest opportunities of man" to rise in
this republic from poverty to affluence. A chief factor in producing these changes
which now seriously limit a man's opportunities is the trust, in competitii
which the individual is powerless and helpless. And the trust has come I
for no law can be made to dissolve or regulate a trust which will not also dis
solve or regulate any corporation or company, or even a partnership. The trust
has come in the natural order of business evolution, and unfriendly legislation or
loud denunciation will not even hinder its onward march to victory over compe
tition and individualistic enterprise, except such minor affairs as cannot be so
combined as to produce largo revenues.
Clearly, then, we must reckon with the trust, and Just what that m^ans very
few people yet begin to realise. I can pause but to name a single example. !-• t
UB tfike a household article fnmillar to all. It is not long since baking powders
wore much advertised in every daily and weekly newspaper, and pushing
men urged rales of their rival brands with untiring persistence. All thai Is now
changed. No advertising ami no salesmen ;tre needed by the baking powder
trust. You pay your money ami take your choii <■. Bul what has become of
those salesmen, with their families? AVith rare exception they are in thi
of the unemployed. L,ike results attend enoh new aggregation of capital and
business ability known as a trust, and although no power In the Legislature or in
the courts can dissolve a trust or prevent its growth, I can yel say that 1 welcome
the trust, for I regard it as the best teacher of economics the world has known.
But what shall we do with the increasing number of men who are und<
the terrors of enforced idleness? Ordinary prudence would suggest th;;' pro
vision be made for them; that employment be found for them, since no one de
sires to see them degraded by poverty and by degrees driven to deeds of violence
and turned into outlaws. Shall we keep them in subjection by a standing sirmy?
Is that a good way for society to protect Itself from men with hungry families
grown desperate? It is idle to hope that these men will get along somehow and
remain good citizens.
Why not get them together in co-operative colonies where they can produce
by their own labor enough to provide for themselves rind their familii
properly rear their children? "Would this not he less expensive, more in harmony
with civilization, more humane, more satisfactory any way, than to iner>
police f<T. ■< and the standing army? Can it nol be done in a business way and
be made a civilizing influence at the same time?
61S Harrison street, April 21, 1899. JOSEPH ASBI'RY JOHXSuN.
"IF THIS BE TREASON."
Editor Fan Francisco Call: I hardly know how to express the warm ridmi
ration l feel f'>r th<* ran courage shown in your paper in dealing with the
Philippines question. A characterless paper is like a characterless person—with
out real or lasting influence.
What I detest in the domination of Spain I detest stil! more in the attempt
ed domination of the United States, and the deep dislike I feel for the former
power is now concentrated on its successor in infamy. Because I am an Ameri
can 'if the kind that lindp his chiefest glory in the daring Revolution of L 776 every
pulse of my being is in full and active sympathy with the Filipinos, who are
terrible odds) which w. most magnify our
Fathers for having d<
Mr. Editor, the Government which dans to flout in its dealings with weak
peopli r ai standard which it imposes upon and demands from its Indi
vidual citizens is sapping the very foundations of its own existence. Further. th<»
citizen who suffers without protest the Government of which he is a part to
wantonly Invade the person or goods of weak peoples is preparing a rod that
will Inevitably find his own Ignoble back.
i-""! everj v""d ami noble reason that justifies ami ni..ri>^ the Independent ex
ist* nc< of this nation to-day for the Bake "f that liberty which alone makes life
worth the living, that liberty which can never be guaranteed t>. the natlo
• who deny it to other nations or 1 pie, black, white, brown or y , :
1 protest with all my being against the cruel, inhuman butchery !..-m^ waged
to-day in the Philippines by this republic against a brave and helpless people
And finally, Mr. Editor, if it is treason to wish success tn th<
the oppressed against the stmn;.' and brutal arm of the oppressor, if it is t-
u< hope that speedy and signal failure may be the lot of those who, contrary
to the holiest traditions of their own country, seek to Impose a distasteful yoke
upon an unwilling people, then I am a traitor on both these counts and in
the title.
I only write to add my humble protest to thnse so nobly and ably voiced
in the editorials of The Call, which have excited much favorable comment and
discussion among the people, and l only trust that the thousands with whom
"" name and fame .»f Washington is something more than a sentimental adorn
ment for patriotic anniversaries will realise am; feel as 1 do the responsibility
tiny owe themselves, the nation and the world in the present attempt t, deny
that to others which is the proudest possession of the American— liberty
Hull House. Napa, CaL HENRY J. WEEKS
COMMENDABLE OPPOSITION TO IMPERIALISM.
To the Editor of The Call: It is a hopeful indication that even one of the big
dallies of California opposes Imperialism. The Call d< mmendatl*
its abl< and logical opposition to a government policy regarding foreign terri
torj which threatens to submerge the principles' of our forefathers and th< plain
teachings ol the Federal constitution beneath the billows ot popular reckless
ness. Until recently it looked as If the whole- country had gone dafl on the
Question of appropriating as part of our national possessions every island and
group Of Islands, far and near, which can possibly be BCOOped in by the dr..
of Imperialism. But recently there have appeared many indications of a reac
tion—a change in public sentiment that furnishes ground for hope that our
country may yet be saved from the fatal plunge.
Before trying to oivilise and assimilate ■ large portion of the savage races
in distant countries, would it not be well for us to tirsi attain a higher de(
of civilization ourselves? Lel us at least wait till we have settled th<
question, the Indian question, the labor Question and a few other domestic
problems which are ever and anon causing trouble In various forms and threat
ening the overthrow of our free institutions. This suggestion may not seem ex
actly patriotic, but my notion is that the Best and truest patriotism is that
which will make our own country permanently prosperous, peaceful and happy.
Apaln i desire to commend The "'all for its opposition to a foreign policy
which, if persisted in, will inevitably lead to national ruin.
San Francisco, April 25, 1899. . RALPH IIOYT.
FAVORS BOYCOTTING OF ASIATIC LABOR
Editor San Francisco Call: As an American I object to all white men and
women employing: Chinese and Japanese laborer? in any shape or form and
leaving out white men and women who earn their daily bread. AYe will take
for instance the orchard men. Whites purchase all of the fruits. I think It
would be a good idea to boycott all fruits where Chinese and Japanese are em
ployed in orchards, also every place where they are employed.
Llndsey. Tulare County, CflJ- JOHN HILDERBJIAND.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Judge W. M. Boardman of Suaanvlllo
is at the Rusa. . w
Mrs. Grace M. Bell of St. Louis la a
guest at the California.
L. A. Osborne. a capitalist of Pitts
burg, Is registered at the Palace.
R. W. Skinner, a large fruit packer of
Marysville, is a guest at the Grand.
F. S. Wensinger, a dairyman of Free
stone, is at the Occidental with his wife.
Daniel Cramer of Susanville has en
gaged apartments at the Russ for himself
and family.
S. Mitchell, cashier of the Farmers' and
Mechanics' Bank of Visalla, is a late ar
rival at the California.
W. H. H. . a machinery manu
facturer of B«ittle, i.« registered ai
Lick in company with his wife.
J. W. Henderson, a banker of Eureka,
and T. E. Johnson, a mine owner Oi
Jose, are among the guests at the Lick.
William C. Scott, a prominent citizen of
Philadelphia, is here on a pleasure trip
with his wife, and registered at the •
fornia.
J. A. Cisco and John A. Church, two
merchants of New York, are registered
at the Palace. Mr. Cisco is accompanied
by his wife.
R. Callahan and James J. Conway, min
ing men of Randsburg, are making the
Russ their headquarters during a brief
stay in this city.
General Evan Mileß arrived In this city
from Washington, D. C, during the early
part of this week. General and Mrs.
Miles are staying at tne Wellesley, 14U3
California street.
V. A. Clement, the mining engineer who
is negotiating for the purchase of the
famous Yellow Aster mine at Randsburg
for Captain de Lamar, left yesterday for
Denver to confer with the intending pur
chaser.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 27— A. C. Green of
San Francisco is at the Imperials Andre
Youaff of San Francisco is at the Nor
mandle.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SAX MATEO ELECTRIC— R. R-, City.
The president of the San Mateo electrio
line of cars la A. B. Spreckels,
PEGGING IN CRIB— G. H. C, City. In
the game of crib when a player mako«
thirty-one with the last card he is al
low d two pegs.
1 MARIE COREL.LI— E. E. Merrill, Or.
Marie Corelli is the pen name of Marion
Mackay, daughter of Charlas Mackay.
was horn in England in 1864. Thia
department has not ■• to ascer
tain to what church she belongs.
BLACK AND GIANT POWDER— T.
W., Manka, Solano County. In blasting
rock under certain conditions both black
powder and giant powder are used. Tho
black powder la used for springing the
rock prior to inserting the charge of,
giant powder.
PREMIUM COINS— A. ?.. Ban Jose, Cal.
urn la offered on United Star,
cent pieces of the following dates: 1796,
1-"!. 1815, 1823, 1824, 1827, and 1858. Aa I
last given date it is only for those which,
have neither arrows" nor rays. I'r
red for half-dimes of 1794, 1795, 1796,
1797, 1800, IS 1805, la^a, and 1846.
TROVT AND BLACK BASS— M. J. R-.
Portland, Or. Trout and I s that
have been planted In the takea of the
Spiine Valley Water Company get along
well; in fact, it may be said, in the lan
guage of the street, they "get along
swimmingly." Tin report that the black
it is without founda
tion. The strij , re thinning out
irp in the S tto and San Joa
quin rivers and sloughs.
DOUBLE PEDRO— A. S. Lyonsville,
Cal. This correspondent asks: A and G
arc partners against i' and D at doubla
)"':n>. A'e but two trumps
and A has two is C compelled to draw
four cards <>r ran he retain his two
trumps and any four of the rest of hi»
hand, thus giving his partner A a better
chance to get trumps from the remainder
of tho deck?" An expert to whom this
question was submitted says: "If A and
C and partners and D, C must
discard all cards that are not trumps. No
one is allowed to hold a card that is not
a trump if an honest game is to b«
played.
. ♦ .
Cal. glace fm: 1 at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Clipping Bureau (Alien's). 510 Mont
gomery street Telephone Main 1042. *
Rock Island Route Excursions.
Leave Ban Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further information,
address CLINTON JONES, General Agent
Rock Island Railway, 6"i Market St., S. F.
THE REASON
Distracted Papa — Why do you let
that child cry so, Bridget? He's howl
ing all the time.
Bridget— Shure, .sir, it's the only way
I kin kape him still. — Truth.
"Mrs. Wmuiow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowel! and la the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
■Window's Soothing Syrup 2Jc a bottle.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMII-bD,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times ■ week; 3H day* to ChlenßO. 41$
(lays to New York. Handsomest train and most
complete service. Full particulars at 628 Mar
ket street.
HOTEL I>EI. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round I tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay. $2 SO per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
THE CURFEW.
tl!"
FournaL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Mitchell says in diffi-
cult cases of Anemia, he adds
cod-liver oil half an hour
after each meal and he likes
to use it in an emulsion ; that
he has watched with grow-
ing surprise some listless,
feeble, creature gathering
flesh, color and wholesome-
ness of mind and body from
this treatment.
. "Scott's Emulsion" is cod-
liver oil combined with hv-
-4
pophosphites. It regenerates
tissue, invigorates the nerves
and brain, enriches the blood
and adds fat and strength.
joe. and j? i.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & qOffiia. UfflßUSfr N«W Y«hCOOK OF THE
HIRAM BINGHAM
RILLS HIMSELF
Missionary Boat Short
of Provisions.
DRINKING WATER WAS VILE
SAILS HAD TO BE MADE OUT OF
OLD BEAN SACKS.
Five Men From the Wrecked Whaler
Horatio Shipped on Her and
One of Them Committed
Suicide.
The missionary schooner Hiram Bing
ham wont to Oakland Creek yesterday,
and her crew was along the front during
the day for the first time since th. little
vessel made port. The men say they had
a terrible time of It during the voyage
from Kusaie to San Francisco. Accord-
Ing to them the Blngham was short-hand- '
ed, short of provisions, short of water,
Bhort of sails, and in fact short of every- .
thing except prayers and Bible readings.
During the voyage the cook committed
f-uicide, and the men had to make sails
out of sacks In order to get the vessel ,
Into port.
The Hiram Blngham has been in the [
Fouthern seas for nearly four years. The
American Board of Foreign Missions has
a large training school for native teachers
at Kusaie, and the schooner has been em
ployed in carrying these teachers from \
the school to the various islands in the
Gilbert group and bringing other natives J
back to receive an education. In her four \
years of service a native crew under Cap- j
tain "Walkup has handled her, but when ;
she was ready to come home a white j
crew had to be secured. Just as she wai I
ready to sail the whaling bark Horatio '■
was wrecked and five of her crew shipped
on the Hiram Bingham. They were
Charles Towers, Frank Kldridgo, James
Barry, "William Olsen and Otto Kyeer.
The latter was appointed cook of the mis
sionary boat, and Towers was made mate.
The vessel was sixty-three days getting
here from Kusale.
"It was the worst voyage I have ever
made" said Charles Towers yesterday,
"nnd I have had some pretty tough times
of it in the Arctic. We were short of pro
visions, our principal article of food be
ing rice, and that we had frequently to
eat raw, as there was no water to boll it
in. The water we had was something
awful. We strained It and boiled it, but
the more we tinkered with It the worse
it smelled. During that passage I ate five j
in mnds of tobacco a day to stay my stom
ach, and the other boys did the same.
The Id man (Captain Walkup) lived on
faith and prayer. We also prayed, but
his were said in the cabin and ours were
eai.i on the forecastle head. We met
nothing but light winds and calms In the J
trades, and calms and light winds after
we crossed the equator.
"Otto Kyser, the ok, was taken sick
before we reached the equator. He was
able to be around, but the grub did not
agree with him and he grew despondent.
At 4 a. m. one day he was missed, and
we searched the ship. In one of the clos- !
ets we found him dead. He had procured j
a thin heaving line and hanged himself to i
the roof of the closet. He had to bend j
his Ifps. under him In order to commit the ,
desperate deed. Beside him was a carv- <
ing-knife as sharp as a razor, and I sup- !
pose that his first intention was to cut,
his throat. We buried him after a break- i
fast of beans and vile water.
••The Bingham was very hard to navl- j
pate, because we had no headsails. The
men K'U together and made a lib out of
two sacks, and the foresail we patched
up with odds and ends and made it do.
Had it not been for these we would never
have reached San Francisco. No more ,
cruises in a missionary schooner for me. j
Give me a whaler every time."
The Hiram Bingham Is to be sold and
replaced by a larger vessel. During her j
lour years of service her sails were worn |
out; and that was how her canvas came i
vo be in such a condition. Captain Walk- j
up never figured on taking over two j
months to get to San Francisco, and that ,
accounts fur the shortage of provisions
and water. _^____^______
RECOVERED HER DIAMOND PIN
How Mrs. George Rose Lost It and
Hovr Leopold Eckstein Is an
Honest Man.
Mrs. George Rose, wife of the well
kmaker, was awarded the pos
• iiamond crescent pin, val
ued at $500, by Judge Slogan yesterday.
She lost it tys ago after leaving
the Lurline Baths.
Fro;. imony in court it appeared
lie pin was found by Leopold E'-k
--at the crossing of Bush and Larkin
ri, «uid he sold it to L. Hlrsch, a
broker at 221 Montgomery street, for
$40. Mrs. Rose advertised her loss, of-
Z a reward of $100 for Us recovery.
saw the advertisement and
i upon Hirsch, suggesting that he
■i communicate with Mrs. Rose.
— i at first, but on Ecb
| that he would do so he sent
'■' : -
rcb warrant and went
■ store accompanied by Detec
tive . n. who had the warrant.
\Vhen they got there Hirsch dei lined to
ice the pin unless he got $100 he
ted on It and $5o commis
w&a finally persuaded to show
the pin and she promptly handod it
to the detective.
I thai Eckstein had acted
.■i honest man, and as he
to Hirsch he thought
• Bhould give him that amount,
|100 for the re-
Mrs Rose promptly gave
■In the money and she gm an order
lierk for the pin.
Conference of Charities.
Thfro were many ladies present at the
mr-eUnsr of the conference of charities at
tho Occidental yesterday afternoon.
Harold Wheeler presided and Miss Agnes
Flint was secretary^
Miss Octavine liriggs read a paper on
"The Requisites of Visiting Nurses," and
Btated that Bhe had paid 2500 visits to 800
rlcKf-rving families during the past two
years;
Dr. C. V. Cross addressed the Fathering
<->n "Doctors' Work Among the Sick
1'oor." lf« recommended the establish
ment of a central bureau for the Investi
gation of all cas*»fl. ."As trusts appear to
I ■<-. the order of tlie day," he said, "let us
have a trust taking in •lie charities."
Miss H:ir.r,ah Lczynsky read an interest
ing' paper on the methods now employed
l-v i!u> Fruit and Flower Mission for the
r< lief of t*>e sick.
Miss V t.-A r.-ad the final renort,
which BhowwJ thnt t);\r?re ar<- funds to the
ateount of 5*20 70 to the credit t the con
ference. Dnriup the month of March there
had been expended Jlfi6 15 for nurses' sal
nr:es ■■ ■■: ;; I.'. for drugs.
GRAPE-y-JTS.
aaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBa
Fee' Well
Fed
All day when you
eat
Grape-Nuts
FACT!
Try them.
C.L.A.S.
BAZAAR OPENS
H. \ JEREMIAH DEASY in a
l". w well-spoken words formally
■ • ■ ' ■ holic Ladies' Aid
Society Bazaar In Native Sons'
Hall last evening. "The object of this
affair is to help fill the depleted purse
of the organization," explained Mr.
Deasy. "The C. 1... A. S. purs.- Is open
to all who need help, Irrespective of
race or creed. My injunction to all
who are here is to help fill that worthy
purse."
A round of applause was given Mr.
THE GRAND JURY
DENOUNCED BY
BUSINESS MEN
Are Kept Waiting for
Many Hours.
SOME UNKIND ACCUSATIONS
A LACK OF DILIGENCE AND A
LACK OF FEES.
An Effort Being Made by Colonel
Sutherland to Secure the In
dictment of Mrs. Thomas
Fecker.
Ten business men who had been sura-
I to appear as witnesses I
Grand Jury cooled their heels h
windy corridors of the City Hall from 2
until 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon and
employed their time in giving expn
:t compllmentarj opin
•>f the men who were responsible
for their presence ' week ago
these EBme witnesses danced
at the outer portals rrand Jury
room for one entire afternoon and
finally told to return again y<
no session could be held on account of the
' absence of the majority of the ny •;.
of the Jury.
Since, by a recent decision of the court,
it has been decided that members
I Grand Jury are not entitl
| their services, the members of the exist
ing Inquisitorial body have nol shown that
! degree of diligence In the prosecution of
; their labors that has characterized for
mer Juries. During I
: Foreman C. A. Murdock and -
' L. E. Van Winkle have employed consld
< erable. time In Inditing communications
: to the Board of Supervisors urging that
body to take Home action that will g' '
d the court decision In the matter
of the payment of fees and thus allow
the m'-ml^rs of the Jury to draw out of
the treasury $2 a day each from thi
ginning of the year to date. No attention
has been paid to these appeals and the
bout the City Hall, as well aa
the business men who were kept away
from their business through no fault of
thf-ir aylng unkind things about
the jurors and the work they hai ■
mpllshed during the four mi
have been in their official positions- It
is pointed out that si ginning of
the year the Grand Jury has found but
two "or three Indictments, and these
against petty offenders who are alii ged
to have evaded Justice In the P
- The iurv took up the Investigation
of the old Bchool Bcandal, but the man
ner In which the Investigation wae
ttle ikely to produ<
thai the expert employed threw up
sltli n In distrust ana the whole mat
ter weni by default.
The witnesses who were In attendance
on the jury yesterday declare theli
iai the case under Investigation is
.!. which the jury Is allowing Itselt
to be used an a catspaw to pull a private
Individual's chestnuts out of the fire, me
case under Investigation is thai of Mrs.
Thomae Fecker, otherwise known as Mrs.
r Mrs. Webber. Bhe Is the
woman who. some months ago, brought
suit against Colonel Sutherland for
breach o£ promise, illeginj er af
fections had beei damaged to the extent
of $20,000. The buII la still pending In one
of the departments >i 11m Superior Court.
Mrs. Fecker is in Europe and is not likely
eturn to prosecut* Ihe case, as it is
now generally known that si"- !■ h mar
man. _ ,
Colonel Sutherland wishes t It* Grand
lur\ to indict the woman on a charge ol
forgery and other minor offenses, and to
■ a
men with whom she had (lealli
rlous times to appear itnd give testimony.
Ttils thej are noi unwilling to do, out
object to polishing the Boor of the
corridors of the City Hal! while waiting
for many hours in* pleasure ol the lee
,iand Jury.
THE POOL-SELLING CASES.
Those in Judge Mogan's Court Are
Transferred to Acting Judge
Groezinger's Court.
Another move was made yesterday In
■ the cases against H. L. Jones and others,
charged with violating the new ordinance
against poolSelllng on the Ingleside race
track, in Judge Megan's court.
Attorney Ach appeared in court and ex
; plained that he was unable to be present
the previous day. He asked for an im
mediate hearing of the cases, as Jones
wanted to go East, and if not he sug
gested that the cases be postponed till
the fall. Bald his calendar was crowd-
The Judge Bald his calendar was crowd-
S ed and it was Impossible for him to give
the cases an immediate hearing. He had
consulted with Justice of the Peace
Groezinger, who was presiding in Depart
ment 4, and he was willing to take the
cases and give them an Immediate hear
ing. Ach said he objected to the Jones
| case being transferred to another court,
as he wanted it retried In the same court,
1 but was willing that the other cases ha
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, APRIL 28, 1899.
Deasy, and then with a right good
will the crowd assembled prepared to
follow the advice of the speaker.
The arrangement of the hall is
directed to the comfort of the visitors
as well as to the desire for beauty and
artistic effects. A dozen pretty booths
line the walls, displaying their wares
in a most tempting manner. In the
center of the hall the floral booth
stands, attractive in outline and gor
geous in its wealth of floral loveliness.
Sweets find a place on the stand with
the flowers, and the same pretty girls
who so deftly dispose of fragrant blos
soms dispense toothsome bonbons.
A very popular booth last evening
was the Irish kitchen with its large
open hearth, spinning-wheel and the
many other quaint accessories of the
old country kitchen. Irish fig dancing
was a feature In the booth. Messrs.
O'Connor and Kelleher led in the
merry measure and were assisted by
the Misses Cavanagh and Miss Julia
Molloy. Professor McCarthy and J.
McMahon coaxed alluring strains from
the bagpipe
At the "Brownie Wheel" J. M. Sulli
van presided with honor. Space round
the wheel was at a premium and Mr.
Sullivan established for himself a
marvelous reputation as a "spieler."
Such was the gentleman's success that
the other booths have arranged with
him to give them respectively a night
apiece.
This evening the Archbishop will at
tend and to-morrow the Hebrew Or
phan Asylum band will furnish the
music.
The following ladles are in charge
of the various booths:
No. 1 Oakland— Mrs. M Kirk, president;
Miss M Gannon. Miss Maria Flynn, Mrs.
J. J. Lynch, Mrs. Frederick, Mrs. E. Cole
man and Mrs. m Jordan.
transferred. The Judge replied that all
would have to he transferred, and he
would make no exception in the Jones
■I he result was that Presiding Judge
Graham transferred the c;ws from De
ment l to Department 4, with the con
sent of Mogan and droezlnger. To-day
the cases will be called in Groezinger's
court and a case set for trial at an early
date.
JOSEPH GRAFE DEAD.
j Popular Member of the Schuetzen
Verein Falls a Victim to Heart
Disease.
Joseph Grafe, proprietor of the Market
Exchange at 540 Clay street, died sud
denly yesterday morning under circum
stances which at first would lead to the
belief that he had committed suicide, but
a close examination of the premises con
vinced the Morgue officials that his death
was purely the result of accident.
Grafe resided with his wife at 615 Polk
street, but, his barkeeper having left him
last Wednesday, he told his wife that he
would Bleep in the saloon that night so as
to open up the place when his new as
sistant, C Repen, arrived at 6 o'clock yes
terday morning. Repen arrived according
to agreement, but was unable to obtain
any response to his summons. He there
upon went to Grafe' a bouse, thinking that
he had not slept In the saloon after all.
Qrafe's wife was very much alarmed and
went to The saloon at once with Repen
and forced an entrance. They found Grafe
lying dead on the floor by a gas stove
which he used- for cooking the saloon
lunch.
The room was full of the fumes of gas
and one of the stopcocks of the stove was
fully turned on. Grafe had his pantaloons
and shoes, on and his undershirt, he hav
ing apparently Just got out of bed. A
match which had been lighted, but which
had been extinguished before it had
burned any of the wood, was found on
top of the stove, together with two
matches which had not been lighted. The
theory is that Grafe got up to light the
fire, that he turned on the gas in the
stove, at the same time striking a match,
and that before he could apply the match
he fell dead on the floor where he was
afterward found by his distracted wife.
Grafe was a stout man and had been
complaining of heart disease for some
time, and It is believed that his death was
due to that cause. The dead man was a
popular member of the Schuetzen Verein
and of the American Legion of Honor.
An inquest will be held.
. ♦ »
The OriiJinal Little Benefic? ncla Publlca
Company of San Francisco Draw
inji April 27 1899
>K>. 43.887 wins $3750, Bold In Oakland an.l
Ban Francisco Cal. No. 11.280 wins $1250, •old
in Pan Francisco. Cal. No. 23.375 wins 1625,
sold In Pan Jo«e and San Francisco, Cal Sot
3861. 36,679 55,031, 66.462 and 75,003 each wins
{K2 30, ■ ill in Los AnßeiPs and San Franclßco.
Cal. Prizes cashed at IS New Montgomery
street, Ban Francisco, Cal. •
I h O IG NAL
Little Beneficencin 25 and 10 Cent Co.
45.W7 draws first capital prize; 11.250 draws
second capital prize: 23.375 draws third capital
prize: 3861, 36,679, 55,031, 66,462 and 75,001 each
draws 1230.'
\aver Gelfrer a baker, employed at 2952 Mis
sion street holds ticket No. 11.250. for which he
paid TEN CENTS. This ticket drew $400, and
the holder will receive hIH money by prrsentlnß
his coupon to Henry B. Cahn & Co., room 23,
126 Kearny Btreet. Pan Francisco, Cal. ' *
Palo Alto's Anniversary.
Court i'alo Alto No. OS, F. of A., oele
brated its eighth anniversary last evening
ball In Sherman & Clay's Hall. The
' affair was for members of the court only
:i n ,i each was permitted to bring only one
lady. There w< re about two hundred
present, who. after the grand man-n. led
by Chief Ranger Jacob S. Meyer and Miss
Jennie Cook, enjoyed a well-arranged
programme of the latest dances. B. El
berg was the door manager and th* com
mittee of arrangements consisted <>f Mar-
Meyer, B. I. Barnett, L. Kalmuck,
S. Elberg, Bert Kahn, Leon J. l'lnkson. J.
B. ECasser, Leon Morris and J. L,
held.
. ♦ ■
I — "The American Porter"— again crowns Its
matter— the Anheuser-Busob Brewing Ass'n—
with success. It pos»e»sei every element that
: makes a beverage popular.
Serenaded the General.
Laßi evening the officers and ladies of
the Twenty-fourth infantry called upon
ral Bhafter Ht his residence at Fort
Mason. The repimciitjl band accompa
nied them, and a serenade to tjie general
formed prut of the evening's entertain*
ment. It was an Informal affair, attended
only !' the army people from the Pr«-
Bidl'o and the members of General Shaf
ter's staff. The Twenty-fourth is one of
Shafter'fl old regiments. He was its
lieutenant colonel for a great many years.
Ocean ./ater Tub .Baths.
101 Seventh St.. corner Mission. Salt water.
direct irom ocean.
Esola's Vacation.
Lieutenant Fred EBsola, in charge of the
California street station, has been granted
one month's leave of absence without
pay. Eaola will Spend his vacation at his
parents' home 'in Tuolumne County. Ills
reason for. taking a rest now Is that his
health is somewhat impaired.
Great bargains |g a ll kinds of Musical
Instruments at Mauvals'. 769 Market St. •
The Defense Rests.
The defense in the action of John D.
Spreckels & Bros. Company against R. A.
Graham rested Its case yesterday, after
which the defendant was cross-examined
by plaintiff's counsel. The case then went
over till May 2. .V-v r
■ m ■
"Pegmmold" gold, latest, b«Bt, perfect paint;
Bftffli.lfi pottle 2ic. Pegamoid, 63 Chronldlt bid*.*
No. 2, Et. Charles, San Francisco— Mrs. J.
Fennell, president; Mrs. H. Ifolloy, Mrs.
T. Pendergast, Mrs. A. B. Masuire, Mrs.
M. Cuslck. Mrs. J. J. Greene, Mrs. Code,
Mlsb N. McCarty.
No. 3, Alameda— Mißß B. Gallagher, presi
dent; Miss K. Jollymour, Miss M. Kearney,
Miss M. Ruppert, Mrs. M. McStay. Mrs. E.
St. Sure, Mrs. Qui^ley, Mrs. K. Ruppert.
No. 4, St. Brendan's— Mrs. M. Reed, presi
dent: Mrs. M. J. RalTerty, Miss May Mo-
C'arty, Miss F. Patterson. Mrs. A. Delaney,
Mrs A. PlKplnn. Mrs. M. Brennan.
No 8, St. Mary's Cathedral— Mrs. M. H.
Smith, president; Miss J. Mitchell. Miss
May Shelly, Miss M. Paisley, Miss Anna
O'l.eary, Miss L. Knorp. Miss E. Felsel,
Mrs. M. L. Derrick.
No. 9, St. Charles' —HIM A. Martin, pres
ident: Mrs. M. Flt7.Kil)hons, Mrs. If. Ly
oett. Miss L. Wynne, Miss A Le Bert, Miss
X Maguire, Mrs. M. O'Hara.
No. 10, St. Joseph's Mlsi M. Burke, pres
ident; Mrs. S. McFadden, Mrs. E. C. Cur
tis, Mrs. M. Burns, Mrs. Torsney, Mrs*. S.
G. Bayruthers, Miss M. Atkinson, Miss A.
Burke, Mrs. S. Maginnis.
No. U, St. Rose's Miss I). M. Mullee,
president; Mrs. P. Tobln. Mrs. E O'Neill,
Mrs. .1. K. McGlnney. Miss K. FitZR.-rald,
Mis? M. Tuite. Miss A. Burns. Mlas If.
Garety Miss .! McCarthy, Miss M Shields,
Miss M. Conlon, Miss M. Btein, Miss M.
Curtis.
No 18, South San Francisco— Misi Mary
Ford, president; Miss M. McDonough,
Misses F. and C. Graves, Miss M. VVe.sh,
Miss F. Fanning, Miss A. Daly.
X... 19, St. Dominic's Mrs. P. J. White,
president Mies M. Murphy, Miss E PitX
patrlok Miss K. I^aiiKdnn, Mrs O. B i ;ir
vllle. Mrs. J. S. Adams. Miss A. Bagge,
Mrs. M. Holmes, Mrs. W. Clarke.
No. 20, Sacred Heart -Miss B. Dean, pres
ident; Mis. I). F. Raßran, Mrs. I>. ,1. Sulli
van. Mrs II Gallagher. Mrs M Jlnplln.
Mrs. Dr. Donnolly, Mrs. O. Croßscup, Mis.
J. J. Ooncales, It E Lynch Mrs p S
Pay.
No. 25, St. M.iry's. Paul Ut— Mrs C. Ken
nifT. Mrs. D. T. Sullivan, Mrs. Smith. Mrs.
E. Graney, Misses A and M Donohue, Miss
A Greene, Miss M. .Tnn^s, Mrs Oaiifs Mr?
Gibbons.
Soda fountain— Ml=s A. Martin nnd Miss
K. Tighe.
Refreshment taM<- Mrs Charles <"'asa.ssa
and young lady assistants.
THE FIGHTING
THIRTEENTH OFF
FOR MANILA
Transports Ohio and
Senator Start.
DUNNING WAS A PASSENGER
SHIPOWNERS AND SAILORS'
UNION STILL AT WAR.
Boarding Masters Compel Captains to
Pay Big "Blood Money for
Sailors at Portland — An
Earthquake at Sea.
The transports Ohio and Senator left
the dock fur Manila last night. They car
ried "the fighting: Thirteenth" and several
hundred recruits for the different regi
ments in the Philippines. The Senator
carried Colonel Smith, the headquarters,
band and companies A, C, P, C, II and 1
and a number of recruits. The Ohio car
ried companies B, D, E, X and 1,, besides
the recruits.
There were lively times before the
steamers got into the Btream. .Many of
the soldiers had succeeded in passing the
sentries, and they had to be rounded up
and brought aboard. Many of them were
under the Influence of liquor and showed ,
fight, und in consequence they were not
usi (1 very gently. The vessels will not
leave port until this morning.
John IV Dunning, tor the murder of
whose wife Mis. Cordelia .Botkin is now
in jail under a sentence <>f lit* imprison
ment, was a passenger on the Senator.
lie yes to Manila us correspondent tor
the Associated Press. lie was in Cuba in
the same capacity when lie learned of bis
wife's death.
'ill.- trouble between the Shipowners'
Association and the Sailors' Union of the
Pacific still continues. A number of ves
sels are now lying off Meiggs wharf
awaiting cr» ws. Hut the shipowners as
sert thai they will have no trouble ,n
felting men and will send them away to
day. The bark Oregon secured a crew
during the afternoon and went out.
I'ji m (>:>^.>n tin- light is between the
boarding masters and the shipowners. The
former control tin- supply of deep-water
sailors and refuse point blank t<i accept
a month's advance tor each man shipped,
but demand instead $!<>•> "blood money.
In consequt nee a number of vessels arc
tied up in the Columbia River and others
have paid the demand and proceeded to
sea.
Captains Campbell (if the Balmoral and
Forbes of the Dunstaffnage had an ex
perience in this respect thai they will not
soon forget. The Balmoral came hero
from England, and it will be remembered
that When off the Horn she was in eolli
sidii with the British ship Glenerlcht, and
the latter hml to put back to Montevideo.
'iic- captain's wife of the Qlenericht waa
drowned. The Balmoral came i, h--r».
and after discharging was repaired ana
proceeded to Astoria to load cor Europe.
The Dunstaffnagi arrived here from Cal
cutta on the nth Inst. and is now dis
charging at the seawall.
The Balmoral and Dunstaffnage belong
tn the same owners, and when Captain
Campbell or the Balmoral was called upon i
to pay $100 "blood money" [or his crew
Captain Forbes thought' be could help
him out. His men were all by the ship,
so last Baturdaj be took nine of them be
fore the British <'onsii' and paid them off
Then he bought tickets for them to F'ort
land. and last Sunday shipped them to
the Balmoral in care r ; , watchman
aboard the steamer Columbia. The men
arrived at their destination all right, bur
before they could be got aboard the Bal
moral the boarding masters had K<'t their
ear and they all refused to sign. This
brought Captain Campbell to time an.] he
compromised by paying the boardlue
masters |60 "blood money" for his own
men.
'l he revenue cutters McCulloch, Corwln.
Beai and Thetis are nearly ready for sea
and Will sail In a few days. They will r-n
--desvous at D"tch Harbor. The Thetis
will tow the sternwheel boat for patrol
duty on the \ ukon as far as S. Michael.
The supposition was that the McCulloch
was going to Manila, but the treasury
Officials now sa\ she will go to Alaska
with the joint high commission appointed
to settle the Canadian-Alaskan boundary
dispute.
The Hohnoner John A. from San Fran
clßCO Tor Eureka, was well shaken up on
the 16th inst. by an earthquake. The shock
lasted a minute, and at first Captain Hell
enist thought he had struck a submereef]
locr.
Stulz Was a Native Son.
Among xbf list of those klllnl at Manila
an published In The Call greaterd&y whs
the name of Charlts Stulz of Company 11,
South Dakotas. Stulz was a native son!
and his father, William Stulz, resides at
921 Greenwich street, In this city The
old man is a veteran of the Civil War and
passed through many engagements. Last
July young Stulz enlisted In the South
Dakota regiment, the California Volun
teers being pretty well filled. He was
sent to the front almost as soon as he
enlisted. Prior to that he was employed
in the broom factory on Seventeenth
street. He has a large number of friends
who sincerely sympathize with, the family.
TWENTY HEADS
FALL INTO THE
HARBOR BASKET
General Dismissal of
Employes.
TO TAKE EFFECT ON MAY 1.
PURCHASING AND URGENCY RE
PAIRS DIVISIONS GO.
Saving of $1845 a Month — Com
mittee From the Chamber of
Commerce to Talk Over
New Facilities.
Quietly and with no unnecessary argu
ment the Harbor board swung its ax yes
terday and twenty heads dropped in the
basket The dismissals had been pre
dicted and those who were elected to form
vacancies had shrewdly guessed what was
coming, but still there was something
sudden in the way it was done.
The blow came in the form of an order
signed by the three Commissioners. As
soon as the session opened President Kil
burn handed the order to the secretary
with Instructions to read It. It was spread
upon the minutes and then the board pro
ceeded to other business. The order was
as follows.
For the purpose of reorganizing the em
ployes •■: the Board of Harbor Commissioners,
the following order Is made;
That on and after May 1. 1899, the follow
ing positions under the board are declared va
cant and the same are hereby abolished:
Superintendent of urgent repairs, *22." per
month; assistant superintendent of urgent re
pairs. $150; Janitor of the urgent repairs de
partment, $75; purchasing agent, $175; purchas
ing agent's Janitor and storekeeper, $75; pur
chasing agent's wagon and driver, $12.".. ser
geant of police and two policemen, $27"; three
Janitors at $75 each, $225; Janitor, *&•: six
sweepers at $CO, f360; night engineer ferry build
in*. $100.
That the salary of the suptrmtenUe'it of the
union depot and ferry building be reduced
from $150 to $125 per month; that the salary
of the head electrician 1"' increased from V.":
to $100 per month; that the salary of the as
sistant electrician be changed from $3 per day
to $90 per month; and that upon the com
pletion of the structure Intended for Well*.
Fargo & Co. the two helpers of the electrician
be dismissed.
Those included are L. F. Long, superin
tendent of urgent repairs: Frank P.
Hughes, his assistant; and Max Wagner.
his janitor; J. J. Flynn, purchasing agent;
.1 S. McMann, his storekeeper; and
T. N. Hanly, a driver; Henry W. Peter
son, sergeant of the Harbor police, and
Charles Bowen, night engineer. The two
Harbor policemen will be decided upon
later, as will the Janitors and the sweep
ers. ,:';■■■■:'
The following appointments were made:
M. E. Arnerich. wharfinger, vice D. .A.
Marina, term expired; Frank P. Car
michael, wharfinger, vice M. Mellican, at
the expiration of his term, June 27, 1899;
John Nolan, 415 Clementina street, vice
William Barrett, removed from position
as watchman on floating pile-driver.
A committee from th ■ Chamber of Com
merce was present to discuss dockage fa
cilities with the Commissioners. Those
forming the committee were John Dol
beer, Robert Dollar. K. G. Chapman, W.
H. Marston and E. E. Kentneld. The
Chamber of Commerce expects a great in
crease In the shipping to this port in
view of the acquisition of the Pacific
Islands, and the committee was appoint
ed to see how far the commission would
go in the building of docks and wharves.
There was no complaint about present fa
cilities and the committee made it plain
that there was no criticism on the pres
ent rate of tolls; it was only in regard
to increased facilities to meet the ex
pected increase in the shipping.
Commissioner Harney was primed for
the occasion and explained the extent of
the present dockage accommodations. He
said there is over seven miles of wharf
frontage from section }i of the seawall
to Third and Berry streets. This, he
said, was sufficient to accommodate 120
ships each 300 Feet long. At present there
are thirty-eight deep-water vessels in
port, twenty-two of which are at the
docks and sixteen in the Stream awaiting
places.
It was further explained to the commit
tee that the fact of a vessel .lying out in
the stream awaiting a chance to dis
charge did not necessarily argue that
there was no room for her at the wharf.
Consignees seek to have- their cargoes dis
charged at some wharf close to their
warehouses and frequently keep vessels
waiting while such location Is being used
by some other vessel. This it was ex
plained was something that would hap
pen under any circumstances and in
creased facilities would not alter the sit
uation.
The entire question was discussed from
all aspects and the committee departed
With the assurance from the commission
that anything to better the water front
of the city would receive its most care
ful attentloji.
In Paris one person in eighteen lives on
charity.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I' sick--/- I
L at your m
|Nh»ouse ? I
BRING US TOUR DOCTOR'S PRE-
Bcrlptlon. We will nil it just right.
Just as the doctor wants It filled. .Save
you money, too. Save you just about
one-half what other drUKKlsts charge.
We can afford to ii" so because we pay
no percentage to doctors. Save you
money on patent medicines also. Here
are some prices:
Swamp Hoot — 50c size 35c
Swamp Root— sl size 70c
Ozomulsion— sl size SOc
Cupldene— tl size 70c
Pe-ru-na— ll size 85c
Paint's Celery Compound— sl size — 60c
Swift's Specific. S. B. S.— sl size.... 70c
Malting Preparations— U size Be
Lydia Pinkham's Compound— $1 size 70c
Pierce'a Prescription— size TOe
Beguro- -$1 50 size $1 23
Orange Blossom- $1 size....- Tie
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
wPDRua $
V V^949-95l MARKfeT-Sl
" Jf *— ' NEXT TO MALE BROS -*— •
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets. Strictures
and analogous complaints - of the Organs of
Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
WriEit's Indian Veietable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Plm-
. Bki and purify the blood, . ■;
Warner's Safe Cure not
only strengthens and puts in
prime order the liver and kid-
neys, but also purifies and en-
riches the blood.
That is why it has gained such
a world-wide reputation for its
remarkable curative effects.
KB i'j llli Eh rS R t> B9*^ ■
BBpi v BB BCT B3k Sb va hB
Ido not believe there .
13 a case of dyspep-
M£2pti&& Bia indigestion or
m&r^^^Qlßß any stomach trouble
Mar mm that cannot be re- .
H? __ dirasr lip* d at once end :
nl •&?&*¥&*s? P^rmanpnTlr curM
Y. -JeW by my dy^ pepsia
At all drup&ists,
Y^HT^BWltffir*l^^ to ilenlth find mcdi-
} I W^ cal advice free. 1505
' • Arch street, Phila.
nw^f TPTii
•■■■■fflßMHaßißMßlawa
I itM «*^B^ 16YEAR&. 0 1
\DS MEYERS UtO.^J
\731 MarKetst!XSanfrandsttiy
H*™ arm
jssstt^ |^^^%/V*\ anc| Tutors uureo
f^^^^ , C^ JNo KNIFE or PAIN
L V 1 teß?i3!« k -^"° a y un *" CUREu
r^ wß^^ JH^*^ woman's breast is
2^^^^*^ cancer. Faceandlip
also common places
120 pp. bockTemt free.
; S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S.P.
: SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
000000000000000000
l T *. B PALACE *■"■!' o
g GRAND
| *1 SAN FHANCISCO Q
" Connected by a cover' i passageway. **
® 1400 K-OOm — V!. h ;:th At ached. "
: O All Under One V-nagemrnt. O
j 0 NOTE THE PRICES: O
| O European Plan. *l.OO per fi«y and upward Q
i n American Plan. per day .and upward A
W Correspondence Solicited. v#
0 JOHN C.KIRKPATKICS. K»&»g*r. O
000000000000000000
IV|C:D\/I'T'A Kwiom vitality.
IMtHVI I A lost vigor.
>j£Sggs; — AND MANHOOD
gPwj Cures Impotency Nighl Emissions and wasting
BgftjPC diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
' 'BjJV \»if indiscretion. A nerre'tonic and Uood'builder.
V- Sh?? Brings the pink glow to pale checks and re
• f&^..-. J stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
[Pivr^Si boii 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
Jn.C^yf^! guarantee to cure or refund the money.
(krvita tnedio! Co., CHnton a 3aefeson sti., Ghi«<j3.
! E. 1.. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists, 8 Market, S. F.
imW FAVORITE
INSCRIPTION
IML FOR WEAK WOMErV.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
; Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonlo
for the sexual and- urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A - --eat Restorative.
I lnvigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
! Merita; no lonir-wlnded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS A BRUNE, Agent*.
122 Market street. S. F. — (Send for Circular.)
DKMCNULTY.
riMI IS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABr.EOLD
i .Specialist ettrtt Private. Nervous, and Blood i)ls-
! enses o. Men only. Bool; on l'rivate Diseases nnd
Weaknesses of Men.free, Over 20 experience.
! I'iitlciirscnrpdftt Itome. Terms rrnsnnahle. Hotirs9
to3ilully;6.%toS::!n i>v'gs. Hiimilmvs. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. ('ull.oraddrew
P. ROBCOE Mr\ILTY. M. l».
•£(\ l i Kparny St., Nan Francisco. Cn\.
lA/. X. HESS,
HOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-ir LAW,
Ttutn tiuor, Hoom k'lj. Clau» kisraduU Bids,
.?-.•;- Telephone Brown 831. - .;■
Recldence, »21 C*J»fornla at., below Powell.
Can Fraoclsoo.
PICNICS AND EXCUHSI'JNS.
CAMPERS'
EXCURSION
TO THE
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
JKw yStr^at ■*** . jv »^"k •**■•* iffi(B^3a»sS^V b MfinieK*44
Personally Conducted by
MR. W. li. MKNTON,
Ex. Pass. Agt. S. P. Co.
SUNDAY, APRIL 30.
ROUND-TRIP ari ok
TICKET" «J**»-^'*'»
The train will stop at the well-known camp-
Ing resorts situated on the line of the nar-
-1 row gauge. No crowding. Seats for all. Take
I along your lunch baskets.
LEAVE FERRY LANDING, FOOT OF
; MARKET ST., 7:45 A. M. RETURNING AR-
RIVE SAN FRANCISCO AT 8:05 P. M.
T. H. GOODMAN, "-,;-
General Passenger Agt.
H. R. JCDAH.
Asat. General Passenger Aft. ,
** - »^- -. : . ■>-■,---■-- *
AMUSEMENTS.
' TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
j Mrs. Ernestine Krellng Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING AT S.
The Japanese Musical Play, *:*!
THE GEISHA
"THE JEWEL OF ASIA."
MATINEE TO-MORROW at 2.
Popular Prices " tsc and 50.
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Every Evening. Including Sunday,
MATINEE SATURDAY,
ROLAND REED,
Accompanied by ISADORE RUSH.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
THE WRONG
MR WRIGHT.
Next MONDAY— Second and Last Week.
ROLAND REED
As "THE WOMAN-HATER."
SEATS NOW READY.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST THE MATINEE
NIGHTS. RAYS ™ -
In Their Howling Succesf, ._ M
A Hot
Old Time!
TO THE PUBLIC— Look out for the girl with
the nod and wink. She appears on and oft.
I -^^M^
THE RIO BROTHERS,
Marvelous Ring Acrobats.
JOHN AND HARRY DILLON /. .
Comedian" and Parodists. '
GEORGE W. DAY.
Monologlst. •'■-,-.
THE JACKLEY WONDERS.
Lofty Pyramid Artists.
' ED M. FAVOR AND EDITH SINCLAIR.
CLARICE VANCE, THE ANDERSONS.
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANY la
"A Passing Fancy."
Reserved Seats. ZSc; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Next Week— HAWTHORNE SISTERS, 4
NELSON SISTERS, THE VALDRES.
DEWEY MATINEE MONDAY. MAY 1.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK. 1
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
CAPTAIN SWIFT
lAN INTENSE DRAMA OF HUMAN IN-
TEREST.
PRICES 15c. 2Bc, 3oC. 60«
NEXT MONDAY AFTERNOON.
EXTRA DEWEY MATINEE
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
I " ' """
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
GREAT LIGHT OPERA PRODUCTION.
Evenings at 8 Saturday Matinee at 2.
THE SEASON'S GREATEST HIT.
Bravos From Hundreds of Voices. Audleao*
Stood and Cheered for
ELCAPITAN
At Last Night's Performance by
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY,
1 "The Southwell Opera Company Is at its best
lln John Philip Sousa's 'El Capitan.' At th«
': finale of the second n<-t the "El Capitan March
Wai received with enthusiasm, as wan 'Th»
, Stars and Stripes Forever, 1 rendered as an en-
core."— Call. April IS.
i SATURDAY. BERKELEY UNIVERSITY.
NIGHT-DECORATIONS
DEWEY DAY— MATINEE MONDAY.
1 orK <»Ll> PRICKS ar»e and 800
CONCERTS ANI; BEdO-STS.
SUTRO BATHS.
| SUNDAY, APRIL SO. MONDAY. MAY 1, 1899.
Grand Opening of the Swimming
Season.
OPEN NIGHTS THEREAFTER.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME
SWIMMING RACES FOR PRIZES AND THB
ROYAL JAPANESE TROUPE in Their
Wonderful Feats, Commencing
i . at 2:30 p. m.
ADJ.«ISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, including admission, 2ric. Children. 200.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY
Market Street, near Eighth.
OPEN DAILY FROM 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION, 50c; Children, So.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshment? at city prices. Fare, round
1 trip, 25c: Children, 15c; including admission
to grounds.
THE STEAMER UKTAH
I Will leave Tiburon ferry at 10:30 a. m.. 12:10
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
1 11:15 a. m.. 1. 3 and 5 p. m. -v ■ :
1 Weekly Call, $1 per Year.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Stlver • xcit d and rising rapidly.
Mexican dollars going up In sympathy.
Wheat unsettled and weak,
dull ■■■' u'ichanged.
Rather more call for Oats.
Corn and Rye neglected.
Hay weak and lower.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Bean? stand the same.
Potatoes dull and Onions firm.
Asparagus higher.
Butter. Cheese nd Eggs weak.
Poultry easy and plentiful.
Blackberries and Gooseberries appeared.
Che' ■ and Strawberries quiet.
Mi an Limes higher.
Eastern Hams advanced.
Beef and Mutton weaker.
Hngs scarce and firm.
Increased foreign Imports.
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign imports at this port during the first
quarter of the year were $1,240,000, against
110,906,000 for the same quarter in 1898, the lead
ing items bHng as follows: From Japan, $3,
--016,000; China. $1,987,200; eat Britain, $617,
--83"; Hawaiian Islands. $2.911t,250; Central Amer
ica. J545.400. ■
WEATHER JIEPORT.
(120 th Meridian- Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.18 32.02 31.23
Red Bluff 0.00 13.51 12.71
Sacramento Trace 13.92 8.87
San Francisco 0.03 15. '.H 7.75
Fresno Trace 6.93 4.16
San Luis Obispo Trace 16.36 . 6.06
Los Angeles 0.00. 4.91 5.2S
San Diego 0.00 4. 53 4. 1S
Turaa :. 0.00 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
hi; minimum, 49; mean. 51.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is clearing generally along the
coast of California. In Nevada and the moun
tains of Utah, also In Eastern Oregon and
Idaho snow has fallen.
The pressure has risen during the past twelve
hours along the northern coast, and warmer
wentlv- may be expected over the grealer por
tion of the coast Friday. The temperature has
fallen about 14 degrees over Northern Utah.
The following high winds are reported: Idaho
Falls, 3S mil*'s per hour from the southwest;
Lander, 32. southwest; Winnemucca, 30, north
west; Independence, 40, northwest, and Carson
City, 52. southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Apr:; 28. 1599:
Northern California— Friday; brisk
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday: cooler in
northeast portion; brisk north wind.
Nevada— Snow Friday; cooler in south por
tion.
Utah— Snow or rain Friday; cooler in south
portion.
Arizona— Snow in north portion; partly cloudy
In south portion Friday: cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
brl?k northwest wind. G. H. WILLS) IN,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 27.— Stocks opened ip this
morning, and after moderate fluctuations either
way. slid oft below yesterday's prices. There
were advices of crop damage, sterling ex
change was strong at higher figures, and call
money was at 'the l^gal rate, six per cent, in
the afternoon, all of which combined to send
prices off with a rush, and the market closed
weak under pressure. The demand for money
•was incidental to the preparations of corpora- j
tlons to meet May disbursements, and there i
•was a disposition among traders to anticipate j
a Dosslble squeeze in call money to-morrow, ,
when leans carry over to Monday. There was j
moderate arbitrage buying for London account j
early, and the traders also were prominent |
buyers, but the diminishing commission house
bu-<infss prompted them to switch their posi
tion and call for a turn. The trading •in a
half million shares was practically all for pro
fessional operations. Silver certificates repre
senting l<"!0,0fl0 ounces changed lands at Fr in
63% to 64%. the latter being the highest figure
In over two years. The bull speculation In sil
ver as well as dividend gossip Imparted strength .
to Denver and HIo Grunde issues. Anaconda
MJnlng had over 3 points knocked off from Its
recent advance on liquidation Induced by the
denial of a large interest that the proposed
copper trust had control of the property. Man
hattan Beach dropped 7 points, with little re
covery on stop-h>ss orders being reached. New
York Airbrake sold up "14 points, the greater
.part of which it held on the approach of the
judicial decision which friends of the company i
hope will be favorable. Delaware, Lacka- I
wanna and Western recovered from yesterday's !
depression, which was connected with rumors j
Of pending !abor difficulties. The heaviness I
of the market was accentuated by free selling j
of Brooklyn Transit and Sugar, although an I
earlier rise in Sugar was on an intangible ru- |
nrnr that the company would offer rights to ;
subscribe for the issue of stock at :>ar. to be :
used in connection with some deal with rival j
Interests.
Further improvements were made in all the I
standard railway mortgages to-day, and some I
new flotations were also taken at Improved J
figures. Total sales, 54.195.000.
United States twos registered and the threes
declined '' 4 . and United States threes coupon,
the new fours coupon and the lives 's in the bid
price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 539,
--631 shares, including the following: American
Steel and Wire 18,300, American Suuar 26.500.
Anaconda 43,<>CO, Atehison preferred 11,300, j
Brooklyn Transit 61,700, Burlington 9500, Chi
cago Con. Traction 7200, Continental Tobacco
19,100, Denver and Hlo Grande 14.400, Denver !
and Rio Grande preferred 10.900. Federal Steel j
86,500. International Paper 0900, International .
Paper preferred 6500, Louisville and Nashville '
12,000, Mexican Crntral 17,000, Missouri Pacific
12,4^0, National Steel :<4OO. North American 6200.
Pennsylvania 15,200, .pie's Gas 5200, .St. Paul '
SSOO; silver, 100,000 ounces.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atehison :cv- ,St I. & 6 W-... 14^
Do prefd Cl% Do prefd :«%
Baltimore i Onlo; '.? St Paul 128%
Canada Pact . . *<3 Do prefd l«<)
Canada South-.:! . - . St P A On 95
Tent Pac 51 I Do prefd 170
Ches & Ohio £i% So Pacific i3'i
Chi & Alton 165 So Railway 1~"^
CM B & Q U3v4 Do prefd 53*:,
Chi & B 111 77';. Texas A Pac .... 22%
Do prefd 122 Union Pacific 46%
Chi G \v 15 Do prefd 7j%
Chi Ind & L U U P D & G :>•■■■
Do prefd 45 a i Wabash N%
Chi & N W ICOUI Do prefd .... 2?%
Do prefd 193 .Wheel & L E 53.,,
CCCft St L...... 60% Do prefd :S4l»,
Do prefd VI 1 Express Companies -
Del & Hudson 121 ; A.dams Ex 11l
Del L & W 170' 2 American Ex ... 140
Den & HI.) G i 4% United States 53
Do prefd 79% Wells Fargo 126
Erie new 13% I Miscellaneous-
Do Ist prefd .... 37%! A Cot Oil 07%
Ft Wayne 184 Do prefd 94
Gt Nor prefd 191 Amn Spirits 13%
Hocking Val 11 Do prefd 37
Illinois Cent 117V Am Tobacco .222
Lake Erie & \V. 17%' Do prefd 146
Do prefd 88 V4 Cons Gas 197%
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable Co 180
Louis & Nash... 08% Col F & Iron 50%
Manhattan L 122% Do prefd 105
Met St Ry 250% Gen Electric 119
Ml- Cent 113 Haw Coml Co ....10r.
Minn A St L 61% Brooklyn R T ....133T4
Do Ist prefd ....100 .Intnl Paper 56%
Mo Pacific i".. Do prefd S4U
llobile & 0hi0.... 16%Laclede Gas 53%
Mo X & T 13 ,Lead 34
Do prefd 3:1 : Do Jpr.'fd 113
N .1 Central 113% Nat Lin Oil 4%
M y Central '■■'•'■•, Pacific Mail 51%
If T Chi * St 1... 13% People's Gas 127%
Do Ist prefd 66 Pullman Pal 161
Do 2d prefd .... 32'? .Silver Cert 63T-J
Nor West 21% Standard U & T. 10%
No Amer Co 12 Sugar 170
No Pacific 52% Do prefd 116%
Do prefd 79 T C & Iron 63%
Ontario & W 26TA.C S Leather 6%
Or R & Nay pfd.. 69 . Do prefd 73
Or Short Line .... 41% ;U B Rubber 52%
Pao Coast Ist pfd. B."i Do prerd 115
Do M prefd .... 58 West Union 92
Pittsburg I** Amn Steel & W 67%
Reading --' T - Do prefd .... 98%
Do Ist prefd .... MV4 Fed Steel 68H
R (1 W 31 I Do prefd So*;
Do prefd 7^'i'Pac Coast 40
Rock Island lIC Nor a.- w prefd.. 65%
St L & S F 11 V Colo Southern . 6'i
Do prefd 71 vi Do Ist prefd . 50
Do ;: prefd .... 3m ?! Do 2d prefd .... 20>4
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 2s reg 100 i Do *» 94
Do 3s reg 107% N V Cent Ist* 114%
Do Ss coup 108^. N .1 Cent gen 55...119>4
Do new 4a reg.. .123 'No Carolina 6s 127
Do new 4s c0up. .130 j Do 4s 104
Do old 4s reg 112% No Pacific lsts 120
Do old 4s c0up... 113% I Do 3s 08%
Do .'s reg 111%! Do 4s 104
Do f.s coup US X VCA St L 45...107»,4
Dlst of C ii.">s 117 : Nor & W con 45... :..,',
Alabama class A. .110 Do gen Be 130
Do class U 110 Oregon Nay 15t5. ..112
Do class <• 100 Do «i 103%
Do Currency 100 Oregon SL 6s 131%
Atehison gen 45...101 l 4 Do con 5s 112
Do -,-lj 4g MH Reading gen 45.... 89
Canada So 2ds 11l Rio (i W Ists 97%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 95 St L& I M con 55. 111%
Do Ds US St LA 8 P gen 6s. 124%
Chi & N W con 75. 144 st Paul con km,
Do S F dab 55. .123 St PC* P 15t5...122%
Chi I*>V<l i" 1 Do 5s 121%
Den ?• Hio G Ut».108% So Railway "is 110
j,o 4:< 102% Stand R & T 65... 89
KTV .v O lsts '""' : * Term new set .'is... 97
Erie gen -Is 72% Tex & Pao Ist? —
F V A DC lKt.--... S6 Do Id 55%
<3ei Electric 5a. ...115 Union Pac 4s 106%
OH & fi A Cs 112% a TV & G isls... 'JO
Po 2dn 111%'Wabash Ula 11"%
H ft T C 58 111%; D02d5..:.... »%
Do con 6s 112 I West Shore 4s 113% ,
lowa Cent lets 110 i Wis Cent lsts 69%
X cP & g lsts... 68 Va Centuries 84
La new con 4s 110 Do Deferred i%
L & N unified 45... PSV4 Colo Southern 45.. S7
M X & T 2ds £-■ I
MINING STOCKS.
'"hollar 30, Ontario S 50
run Point IS Ophlr 120
Con Cal & V" 1 S5 Plymouth 10
Deadwood CO [Quicksilver 2 50
Gould & Curry 38 Do prefd 850
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 950 i
Homestake 55 00; Standard 2 25
Iron Silver 57 1 Union Con 5»
Mexican CM Yellow Jacket. . . ■*■>
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— wis Cent 1 i
Call loans S^'(?4 Mich Tel '•>">■ '
Time loans 3^i|4 Gen Elec prefd.. . .13' ii
Stocks— Atch prefd 61
Atch Top &St Fe. COVi Bonds—
Amer Sugar 170 Atchlson 4s lOO I ,^
Do prefd ...11s I Mining Shares-
Bell ret 363 Allouez Mm C 0.... l! l i
Boston & Albany.. 2s7 Atlantic 87%
Host 1.1 & Maine.. .lSO Boston & M0nt.... 381
Boston L 106'A ! Butte & 805t0n.... 103 ,
Chi Bur i Q......144 Calumet & Hecla..S4o
Fitchburg 12» 'Centennial 43 ,
Gen Electric 119 'Franklin 27Jj i
Federal Steel 68% Old Dominion i,-
Do prefd 8514 ' '■-' • ola, 9» |
Mexican Central... 19 Quincy 168
Old Colony.. .. 5 ....21r» [Tamarack -•>■■
Rubber , 52% Wolverine 48
Union Pac 46Mf!Parrott 6J
West End 95 ! J.i Union Land 10%
Do prefd 117 | Humboldt IJ4
Westingh Elec 50%; Wlnona tfVi
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 27.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram Bays:
The markets here were brisk for a time to
day, but the tendency was dull. Silver was
very active. The official price was 28% d, but It
has been dealt in at 29% d and it closed at -
2S c The rise Is thought to be over for the
present. Americans were hard here, but In the
absence of New York support they sagged In j
the afternoon. Denver and Rio Grande and
Norfolk and Western were exceptionally
strong. There was considerable profit-taking i
in Mexican railways. A rally came later, with
silver and copper shares erratic-
The Credit Lyonnalse was to have effected |
l.oet night a large Bale of Anacondas at the
equivalent of 14 9-16. The price here has been i
12 l ,i. It closed at 14%. Paris took profits.
CLOSING.
LONDON. April 27.— Canadian Pacific. . 95? 4 ;
Northern Pacific preferred, -i' : ; Union Pacific
preferred, m 1 *; 'Grand Trunk. 8%; bar silver,
quiet, 2l'd per ounce; money, 2@2Vj per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. April FLOUR— Receipts,
12,946 barrels; exports, 3790. Dull and easy.
WHEAT— Receipts, 18,500 bushels; exports,
156,811. Spot market weaker; No. 2 red, SOc to
arrive f. o. h. afloat and 780 elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. SU-.C f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 .
Northern New York. >2V f. "■ b. afloat. Op
tions opened firm on cables and unfavorable j
home and foreign crop news. The advance in
spired liberal unloading, however, and in the
afternoon, influenced also by tight clearances,
less active exjiort demand and more bearish
crop reports, prices broke sharply and closed
unsettled at a partial '■«• net decline. April,
76U1j76' l ic, closed 7S'*c; May, 76 ra"?i"Sc, closed
77c" July, 76 3-16(g77 l-16c, closed 76 1 >ic; Sep
tember, Closed 7ti?ic; December, closed 76% c.
Hi >PS St< .
HIDES- Firm.
Wi M IL— Steady.
METALS— feature of the day was ai
marked rise In the i>rice of tin, due to firm
ness and a sudden stiffening in the views of ■
producers. Demand quiet. The advance was I
not especially active. Other departments of |
the local market failed to show positive new j
developments. At the close the Metal Exchange !
called:
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet at $11 nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $19 25.
TlN— Higher but quiet, with $25 65 bid and •
isked.
"SPELTER— Unchanged, with $6 75 bid and $7 i
asked.
LEAD— Steady, with $4 30 bid 'and $4 35 asked. |
The brokers' price for lead is $4 10 and for cop- !
per $19 _•.•■- 19 :::■;.
COFFEE -Options closed quiet, unchanged to
5 points lower. Sales, 9750 bass, including:
May, $4 95: December, $5 65; January. $5 t",5;
March, $5 SO. Spot coffee— Rio, quiet; mild,
quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair business- at quota
tions: refined, firm but quiet.
BUTTER- Receipts. 3634 packages. Steady;
Western creamery. 14%@1~c; factory, 12 ! ,2<?114e.
EGGS — Receipts. 11,188 packages. Firm;
Western, 13Q13V2C; Southern, \"\\ra\Zc.
DRIED FRUITS..
NEW YORK, April 27.— California dried fruits
steady. .
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 7<SSVse;
prime wire tray, S%@9c; choice, 9 ( ti9%e; fancy,
9%<510e.
PRUNES- I 1 '..''."..,..
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13%©14 c; Moorpark, 14®
ISc.
PEACHES— ITnpeeled, 9fil3c; peeled, 25«f2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 27. Reports of drought from '
Russia put wheat traders in a bullish temper
at the opening, and a little later the strength j
was abetted by claims of rust throughout Ger- ]
many and France. May started ?ift%c higher !
at 72'ft72 I,BC,1 ,BC, and the market was bid up quick- J
ly to 72 1 .- . a denial of the Russian damage !
brought about considerable modification of the ;
early bullishness, and when heavy rains were I
reported in Nebraska and Kansas, liquidation !
set In which continued until the end of the t
session. May declined to 71c, and closed at i
71Vgc. July opened %c higher at 72%gr73c, ad- |
vanced to 73% c, sold off to 71"« c and closed at i
72&72HC Foreigners sold options up well. Re- •
ceipts were light, Chicago receiving but forty- |
elgnt cars, seven of which were graded con- j
tract, and Minneapolis and Duluth 334. against ■
333 the same day a year ago. Atlantic port i
clearances of wheat and flour equaled 289,000 ,
bushels. Export demand was poor.
CORN— active and advanced early on [
account of light receipts and small country
offerings. The improvement was lost, how- |
ever, under the heavy liquidation induced by |
favorable sodding condition and reports of .in- ,
creased acreage. May opened He higher at j
34Uc, closed at 33%e. •
OATS— Cash demand good. May opened un- I
changed at 261(;C. closed at 26'^.c.
PROVISIONS— Were slow and easy with i
speculation light. May pork was $8 95 at the I
close. Fluctuations In lard and ribs were !
small.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No.-2-
May 72% 72,4 71 TIM
July 7:; :r-j 71% 72 1 ,
September 72 : '» 72% 71 71 :
Corn No. 2—
May 344 36% 33% 33%
July : 35 35% ::)'. 34%
September 35% 35% 35 35' i.
Oats No. 2—
May 26% 26% 26% 26%
July U\i 2414 24 24 •
September 22 2-" 4 22 22
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 8 97% 900 595 895
July 915 9 17% 9 12% 9 12%
September 9 35 9 35 9 30 9 30
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 515 5 17% 5 12% 515 .
July 5 27% 630 6 27% 5 27%
September 540 5.42% 540 5 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 4 67% 470 4 67% 4 67%
July 4 82% 486 4 52% - 82%
September 495 4 97% 495 495
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and unchanged; No. 2 spring
wheat. 71%ig72^c; No. 3 spring wheat. 67%fi72c:
No. 2 red, 75®76%c; No. 2 corn, 34% c; No. 2
oats. 27% c; No. I white, 30®36%c; No. 3 white,
29@30c: No. 2 rye. Be; No', 2 barley. 37@44c:
No. 1 flax seed, $1 16; new winter, $1 20; prime
timothy seed, $2 32%; mess pork, per barrel. I
$8 95ff9: lard, per 100 pounds, $5 12' ■'■;.", 15; short j
rib* sides (loose). $4 5004 85; dry salted shoul- I
ders (boxed). 4%®4%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$4 9006; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gal. $1 26
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12,000 11.000
Wheat, bushels 54.000 9,000
Corn, bushels 22R.000 758,000
Oats, bushels 175.000 551,000
Rye. bushels 5.000 5,000
Barley, bushels '.... 18,000 62,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet and easy. Creameries. 12<;
16c; Dairies, ll'gHc. Eggs, steady: fresh, i 2'. t c.
Cheese, weak; Creameries, 11%@12%c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 7% 5 7%
Closing 5 BV4 5 8%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— April. May-Auu.
Opening 42 •(.') 43 55
Closing 43 00 43 75 :
Wheat-
Opening 21 15 20 So ]
Closing 2110 2100 I
EASTERN LIVESTOCK . MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. April 27.— CATTLE— Cattle were
In cood demand nt about unchanged prices. !
Fancy grades, $5 50*55 70; choice steers, $5 15®
5 40; mediums, $4 6U'fr4 SO; beef steers. $4 IOC
4 55: stockera and feeders. $3 70*35 15; bulls.
$2 €o@4 25; cows and heifers, $.". EOO4 25; West-
I crn fed steers. $4 25®5 25; Texas steers, J! ■
5 10; calves, $406 60.
HOGS— Hogs were about unchanged. Fair to I
choice, $3 f>7'i.'fi4; heavy packers, }3 60® 3 S5;
mixed, $3 70©3 93: butchers, $3 75©3 95; light, j
y:. 7003 95; pigs. $3 ■.'<..:: SO.
SHEEP— Sheep were steady. Prime Colorado !
' wooled lambs sold at $C 10, an advance of sc;
wooled Western lambs brought 5.". 50@5 65:
shorn native lambs. }'. 25®5 40; common to fair
lots, $1 2596 20; shorn sheep. $4 75@5 15; export
ers, $605 10: culls, $3^(4; spring lambs were in
demand at si'^i 12 50 per 100 pounds.
Receipts— Cattle, 6000; hogs, 26,000; sheep,
12,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 27.— Consols. 110%; silver,
close, 29d; French rentes, lOlf 90c; wheat car
goes off CGWt, firm, not active; cargoes on pas- |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 23. 1899.
sage, nominal, unchanged; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 28s I'd; English country mar
kets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, April 27. — Wheat. steady;
wheat in Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady;
French country markets, quiet and steady. '
COTTON— 3%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. April Clearances, $275,
--659; balances, $73,675.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., April Wheat— Walla
Walla, 50c; valley, 60c; blue stem, 61(g62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 27.— market remains
steady and unchanged, with wheat receipts
only moderate. club, 59c; blue stem, 62c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Silver advanced sharply and was so excited in
London that it was almost impossible to quote
it. Sterling Exchange also advanced. Mexi
can Dollars have gone up with Silver.
; Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 Ss>;
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 SB%
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. . — 07%
Pine Silver, per ounce — 63Vi
Mexican Dollars — ' 50®51
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
■WHEAT Irregularity continued to charac
terize the Chicago market. It opened firmer
I under better foreign quotations, unfavorable
j weather for the growing crops and rumored
j damage in Russia. There was a good shipping
! demand, but St. Louis began to sell freely on
showers in Kansas, and the market declined to
7iv. against 7214 cas Wednesday's closing
price.
The local market was unchanged, but the
1 feeling was easy.
Spot Shipping, $1 05®l 10; milling,
$1 12 V; 1 15.
; CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session 9:15 o'clock — December
12,000 ctls, $1 13&.
Second Session December— 26,ooo ctls, $1 13%;
132.000, 13%. May— «00. $1 06% ; 2000, $1 06%;
I 34,000, $1 00%.
Regular Morning Session— December — 6000
ctls, $1 13%; $000, $1 13%. May— 4ooo, $106%.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 06%;
SOOO. $1 06. December— 4ooo, $1 13%; 2000, $1 32%.
BARLEY — The market continues dull and
weak, with a fractional decline in futures.
Feed, $1 02%@l 05; Brewing, $1 10&1 12% per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session— Seller '99, new. 4000 ctls,
S6%e; 6000, 86% c.
Regular Morning Session Seller '99, new — 1000
ctis, S6',ic; 16,000. S6'»c.^ December— 2ooo. 90c.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls,
S6Vi.c.
OATS — There was rather more demand at un
; changed prices.
Fancy Feed, $1 42%@1 45 per ctl: good to
choice, $1 ::7'.'M 40; common. Jl 32%@1 85; Sur
prise, $1 Is@l 50; Gray, $1 S2%@l 37%; Milling,
$140®l 12% per ctl; Red, $1 30©l 32%; Black,
{1 25iJ?l 20. •• v
CORN— Dealers report a neglected and nom
inal market.
Small round Yellow, $1 30; Eastern large Yel
low, $112%; White, $112%; mixed, $1 OiHi©
I 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— Is utterly 'nominal, in the absence of
all trading, at •■■'.'■■ c g}s] per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF&
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 M'fts 75,
1 usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40<§3 50; Oregon
j and Washington, $3 40553 45 per bbl for extra.
I $3 2j@3 40 tor bakers' and 52 30@2 50 for super
j fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
-1 lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 pel 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
j cream Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy. $.; 25@3 50; Buck
! wheat Flour. $40i 1 25: Cracked tfVheat, $3 75:
■ Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Floui* $3 50: Rolled
' Oats (barrels). $6 55@6 95; in sacks. $6 35@« 75;
Pearl Barley, $3: Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 pounds. . •
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Dealers are unable to maintain the price of
Hay and quotations are generally lower. The
feeling is weak and the demand is poor.
There Is no change In Bran and Middlings.
BRAN— 50@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS $17 50@20 ,'per . ton.
FEEDSTUFFS Rolled Barley. $23 50024 per
: ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 ii 3 1 51); job
bing. $32^32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24®25; Cotton
seed Meal. $2.Sij3o per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50$
24 50; Cracked Corn, $241t25; Mixed Feed,
$15 50<&16 50.
HAY— Wheat, $12@13 for good to choice and
$10(Jill for lower grades; Wheat and Oat, UOfi)
12; Oat. $Si?ill 50; Barley, $7©9; Alfalfa. $5 aOfe?.
STRAW— 2S@SOc per bale. -
BEXNS AND SEE! iS.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions, with
j a dull market.
| BEANS— Bayos. $1 50*71 65; Small Whites. $2
■&2 15; Large Whites, $1 .■■•■. Pinks, $1 35gj
j 1 95; Reds, $?. 50; Blackeye, $4@4 10; Butters,
! nominal; Limas. $4; Pea, $2 25@2 40; Red Kid
-1 neys. $2 40(;i2 50 per ctl.
1 SEEDS- Brown Mustard. nominal; Yellow
! Mustard. 2\ .<:■■; Flax. $2 I'.'.il' 25; Canary Seed.
, 2>4?i2 v' per Ib; Alfalfa, S%'g9%c; Rape, 2UO
i 2}« c: Hemp, 2%<ri3c; Timothy, s<JjsV<c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75&2; Green. $2 Km
| 2 35 per ctl.
j POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
I Receipts were 514 boxes Asparagus. 784 boxes
■ Rhubarb, 371 sacks Peas, 80 sacks Beans and
; 50S sacks Potatoes. .
j Onions are scarce in first hands and the next
! sales are expected to be at an advance. Po
j tatoes remain unchanged, though trade is dull
I at the moment.
Asparagus has again advanced under dimln
i ished receipts. Rhubarb is plentiful and lower.
j Peas and Beans are lower. Garlic is higher
I again.
i POTATOES- $1 W®l 50 per ctl for Early Rose.
Isl 40@l 65 for River Burbanks; Oregon. Si !'/.<
| 1 30 for seed and $1 50:5.1 So for large; New Po
tatoes, m:&2V4c per lb.
ONIONS— for fair and 85c!&$l per ctl
for good to choice.
VEGETABLES Asparagus, SKffl 73 per box
for No. 2, $2@2 25 for No. 1 and $2 50 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 40'&75c per box for the general
| run and Ss@9oc for fancy; Green Peas. L"ii
3%c for common and 4.- for Garden; String
i Beans from Los Angeles, s(fißc for. green and
, s@Bc for Golden Wax; String Beans from Vaca
ville, 10c; Cabbage, $140; Tomatoes, $l(fi2 per
, box: Egg Plant, 12% c per Ib; Garlic, 20c per Ib;
Dried Okra, 15c per 1t..; Dried Peppers, 10c;
Green Peppers, Ls@2Oc; Carrots, 25@35c pel
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c@$l per
dozen: Sacramento Cucumbers. 50c; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, B@loc per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern sold at 14ffil6c for Tur
keys, $7 50 for Ducks, $2 50 for Geese, $6 :,()<«
7 50 for Hens, $8 for young Roosters and $0 for
old do. There will be no more Eastern in this
week.
Local Poultry is quiet and easy, though prices
, show little change.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@16c for Gob
blers and n .i i ..' tor Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75
1 @2; Goslings, $2 23-} 2 50; Ducks, $6 50®7 50 for
old and $7 50@9 for young: Hens, $4 50©6; young
Roosters, $7 60® 8 50; old Roosters, $'/n5 SQ; Fry
ers,. $6@650; Broilers, $5@6 for large, $3@4 for
small; Pigeons, $1 50©] 75 per dozen for old
; and $L"ii 2 25 tor Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $125 for Cotton
i tails and $1 for email.
i • BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Southern Dairy Butter is quoted excessively
dull and weak. The tendency in Cheese is
downward. There is no more Western Cheese
i here.
Eggs are slightly weaker again and quiet,
With ample stocks.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 16%©17 c; seconds,
16".
Dairy— Fancy, loc; good to choice, 18®14%c;
store. 11^12c per lb.
CHEESE-Choice mild new. 10%@llc; old. 10c;
Young America. IK'l2<-; Eastern, M'-.'i 15c.
EGGS— at 15c for store and 15%@17c
per dozen for ranch : Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 42G boxes Cherries and 457
'■ chests Strawberries.
The first Gooseberries of the season are in
from Napa, selling at 'per drawer. Hereto
fore San Leandro has sent In the first.
Blackberries came in from Covlna, Los An
' geles County, and sold at 15<fi2Oe per basket.
j There was no change In Cherries, though the
: demand fell off on account of the cool weather.
Strawberries were in large receipt and did
I not all clean up.
; There was no change in Citrus fruit, except a
; further advance In Mexican Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. $1 50©2 50 for fair to good and $3@3 50
for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, $4@B per chest for small and
$3 Go@s for large berries.
Cherries. 65c(g$l for red. 75<-'i<si for white
and 75cfi $1 50 per box for black; extra fancy
black Bold at $1 75. -: v. \ '■••,
j CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. .$1 50@3 50
per box; Seedlings, $lfi2; Mediterranean Sweets,
$1 '■"'': 2; Lemons, $1 25'< i IGO for common and
$24t2 f.O for .good to choice; Mexican Limes
$7 50© 8; California \ Limes. per • small
box: Grape Fruit, $1 5002 50; Bananas, $1 ;,o';<
2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUITS— Prune?, 7c for 40-50' s, B0
6%c for EO-60's. 4@4%c for 60-70's. 3'/i@3V4c for
70-SO's. 2?i(g3i4c for SO-90's, 2%@2%c for 90-100's
and 2@2Uc for 100-110' s; Peaches, S%@9%c for
Rood to choice, 10@10%c for fancy and for
[ peeled; Apricots, 12%<g15c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9@9%c; sun
dried, 6%ig7%c; Black Figs, sacks, :'.'4c; Plums,
nominal 2c for unpltted and 4%©6 c for pitted;
Pears, nominal. -
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, 4%<g6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%0 for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2%®3c.
: NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per Ib; Walnuts, s@Sc
for hardshell. 10@llc for softshell; Almonds.
S@9c for hardshell, 12@13c for suftshell. 14@16c
for papershell; Peanuts, (■•g7c for Eastern and
4%(G'sc for California! Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, lOfgllc for bright and S@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 7»4@
7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5@5%0
BEESWAX-25@27c per lb.
BEES\VAX-!3@27c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Hams are higher and firm. No other changes.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 8c per Ib for heavy,
S%(g9c for light medium. 10%@llc for light,
12c for extra light and 1Z%913c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie: Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beet $14: Family Beef, $15®15 50; extra '
prime Pork, $12; extra clear. $1S; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— quoted at 5%@5%C per Ib for
compound and 7%@7*ic for pure; hnlf barrels,
pure, Sc: 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%W6Tic; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails. 00 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb ails, 20 in a case. B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in
a case. B%c; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 7?,, c: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, SV&c: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7»ie.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.'
HIDES AND SKINS— CuII3 and brands sell
about Ie under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9@9%c: light, S%c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6@6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c: culls and brands,
13c: dry Kip and Veal. 15®1. v%c; dry Calf. 17c:
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10(SS0c each; short
Wool. 35®60c each: medium, 70@90c; long Wool.
90c<S7$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $1 75<g>2 25
for lars-e and SI for small: Colts. Soc.
TALLOW— -No. 1 rendered, 4 1 4 'ii4 : ;c per Ib;
No. 2. 3%'3'4e; refined. ; grease, 3c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, 7S9c: year's staple. Mx
Sc; Foothill find Northern free, 10@12o: Foot
hill and Northern defective, S@loc; Nevada,
'-1i lie.
Fall Wools--
Northern Mountain 6%j28c
1 Southern 4%©7 c
Plains I @6c
HOPS— IS9S crop, 10J?llc per Ib for ordinary,
I2'ci2' : .c for gcod and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
I BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c for June
; and July: Wool Bags, 26@2Se; San Quentln
Bags. $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $S;- Southileld Wellington; i 7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay. $5: Wall-end. $7 50:
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $S 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c: Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5V4c; Dry Granu
lated, ."',(: Confectioners' A. »M,c; California
A. 4V. Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C. 4%c: Gold
en C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
!. 4 c more: ices, %c more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef is weaker, as grass cattle are now be
ginning to come In. Mutton is also a fraction
off. Hogs continue scarce and firm. A slight
decline in Lamb is noted.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%®SUe per Ib.
VEAL Large, 7c; small. 7%@Sc per Ib.
MUTTON - Wethers, 7%®Sc; Ewes, 7@7%c
[? LAMB— Spring. 9@9%c per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5@5> 4 c for small, 5%c for
medium and 4%(&4>ic for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, -.'i'li '•'•■_<■. dressed Hogs, 6%(JSc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, April 27.
Flourp-qr sks 6.l9slStraw, tons 42
Wheat, ctls 2,600 Wine, gals 31,700
Barley, ctls 1,935 Quicksilver, llks. 14
Butter, ctls 274 Wool, bales SlO
Cheese, ctls 219 Pelts, bdls "11
Potatoes, sks 1,682 Hides, no 202
Onions, sks 25 Sugar, sks 500
Bran, sks 530 Leather, rolls 79
Hay, tons 413 Eggs, doz 19.530
THE STOCK MARKET.
The new rates played havoc with Gas and
I Electric on the morning session of the Bond
! Exchange, the stock selling from $70 50 down j
to $68, recovering up to $69. Oceanic Steamship |
advanced to v ". and Hawaiian Commercial to I
$110 25. The other sugar stocks were not ma
terially changed. Contra Costa Water declined
to $70 50. Business was heavy on this session. ,
There were no noteworthy changes on the
afternoon call.
Mining stocks were a few cents better under
the usual light business. The telegram from
: the pump said: "Elevator working steadily.
Water in the 1750-foot level winze is 34 feet 4
inches below the station."
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany will pay a dividend of 42c per share on.
May 1. The previous dividends since January
1, 1597, have been .""<■ per share.
The Oceanic Steamship' Company will pay a
dividend of 50c per share on the 2d. : ■>* ■-■ ■*•■■
The Giant Powder has declared its fifth divi
dend of 50c per share, payable on May 10.
The Latuya Bay Gold Placer Mining Com
pany of Alaska has levied an assessment of
30c per share, delinquent June 6.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, April 27—2 p. m.
lild.Ask. ) 8i.1.A-K.
Bonds— Cent L & 1... 7 8
Is quar c0up.. 114 — Eqult G I. Co. 7 1 . -
4- quar r*i4 ... — . — Mutual El Co. 16',- IC%
I Is quar new.. — 130 Oakland Gas.. — 47
Js quar coup..loSVi — Pac Gas Imp.. 69% 70
I Miscellaneous— Pac i. Co 42% 45
Cal-st Cab 55. 116 — s FG & E.... W,i —
Cal F.lec 1- 85.125>4127Vi San Fran 3% 3%
2 C Wat 5s 110 — Stktn Gas 6». — 13%
Dun-si -x c... — — Insurance—
[■: I- & P 65. ...130 135 Flrem's Fund. 22o — '
V .v Cl Us ..s.i - Hank Stocks- •>
; Geary-8t X ss. 99 — Anglo-Cal .... — 67% i
H C & S 51i5.102%- Bank of Ca1. .256 —
L A Ry 55....104T- 105 Cal S D & T. 9SVi 99
L, AL Co 65. .101', - First Nat10n1..220 —
Do gntd 65. .101% — 1 tx)n j. & A ._ ]:n ,^
Uarket-st 65.. .127% — 'Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 85.116V4117}i Nev Nat 8k..150 -.
NCN G R 75.10S - | Savings Banks—
N R Cal 65. ..115 116% Ger S & L.. — 1630
X Ry Cal 55.. 114 — : Hum S & L.1050 UtK)
S' PC R M BS.IOS — i Mutual Say.. — 41%
XPC R R 65..— 104 B F Say U.. 500 —
X Cal H R 58.107 - IS A L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55... 110 - Security S B 300 330
Mm C Ky .125% — Union T Co. — 1461
P & Cl Ry 6s. — 108 , Street Rallronds—
I' * v fis 11/ - California 113 —
Powell-st 65... — 122%' Geary ...: 57% —
Pac 1:1 Ry ss. — - Market-st 62' i" 63
SF& X P 55. 1-15% — | Oak 81. & H. - — '■'
5F & s JA'ss.lls 116 Presidio 12 —
SlerraßCal 6s. 10714 — Powder—
SP of Ar 65. 112% — California .... — ISO
6PC 6s (190.-)) 11l — • E Dynamite... — 100
Sl*c 6s U'.'Uti) — — (Giant Con Co. 73V4 74 :
SPC 6s (1912) - — A'lgorit 2% S
3 P c Is eg ss. iOR - i-ij H r-
S P Br 6s - 124 Hana P C 0.... i'% ,7\
8 V Water 6s. — 117 (Haw C & S C.llO 111
i S V Water Is 104% - JHutch S P Co. 36% 35%
S V W45(3dm).102% — Paauhau 8 P. 42 7 iS%,
■ Stktn Gas 65. .100 — I M•■ -UHiier.u*-
Water htockK Al Pac Assn.. llo —
Contra Costa.. 70 — | u*r L*i \Vks..M<i '-- '
Mann ( ■> ... ■■ V«»r fry V\s«n.. "*>
Spring Valley. ]... i -_: , I Oceanic s Co. 80% 82%
i ms and riie-.jiri^— ■ Pac A F A.... i\ l* t
Capital Gas... — -- ; Pac C Bor Co. lll —
Central G Co.. — - Ii•• ■ Imm Co.. .'.4 -
Morning Session.
Board
50 Contra Costa Water 71 00
35 Contra Costa Water.. 7" 75
215 Contra Costa Water 70 62!*
100 Contra C Bta Water 70 50
5 Giant Powder Con 7:; M)
50 Giant Powder Con 73 25
155 Hana Plantation Co 17 "3
115 Hutchinson .-' P Co 3'i 00
10 Hutchlnson S P Co, cash 36 «X»
125 Hutchinson s 1' Co 33 75
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar ii ■ 25
200 Mutual Electric Light 16 37%
50 Paauhau 8 P C 0...' 42 87%
100 Paauhau s P Co 42 75
$10,000 Park & Cliff II 6 per cent b0nd5. ..107 00
10 s F Gas & Electric Co 70 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 00
115 S F Gas & Electric Co 69 25
$5 s F Gas & Electric Co 89 12%
365 S F Gas & Electric Co 6S 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 6S 37%
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 68 50
100 s F Gas & Electric Co ; 68 75
150 S F Gas & Electric Co 69 00
SO S V Water 100 75 .
15 S V Water 100 15
SO Vlgorli Powder , 250
f Street—
300 Oceanic S S Co :.... 80 00
50 S V Water .'.IOO 75
25 California-st R It 115 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
45 Giant Powder Con 73 25
96 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
125 Hana Plantation Co 17 62%
20 Hawaiian Commercial & S, cash 110 25
110 Hawaiian Commercial ><; Sugar 110 25
380 Hutchinson s P Co ... 35 50
$6000 Los Ang Ry 5 per cent bonds 105 00
! $200") Los Ang Ry 5 per cent bonds, b 5. ..105 00
$7000 Los Ang Ry 5 per cent bonds, b 10.. 105 00
$1000 Los Ang Ry 5 per cent bonds; b 15. . 105 00
50 Market-st Railway 63 00
10 Market-st Railway 62 75
250 Paauhau s p C 0...... 42 87%
105 Pacific Gas Imp ; 69 50
2 Pacific Gas Imp 70 00
5S F Gaslight.. 3 50
210 S F Gas & Electric Co ...69 00
20 s F Gas & Electric Co 63 25
80 S F Gas & Electric CO 69 50
75 S F Gas A Electric Co, 8 90 69 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 69 37%
25 S V Water ...100 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Mornins Session.
Board —
23 Market-st Railway... 63 00
10 Contra Costa Water 7150
10 Contra Costa Water 71 37%
25 Giant Powder Con 73 25
■ 20 Hutchinson S P C 0.." 35 73
* Street—
, 50 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
50 Mutual Electric Light 16 23
Afternoon Session.
Board
-10 S F Gas & Electric Co fin 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 68 87%
20 s F Gas & Electric Co 68 75
80 Hutchinson s P Co 33 87%
40 Hana Plantation Co 17 62>/j
$500 U S 3 per cent 108 25
30 Giant Powder Con 73 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 13, 200 Ophir 130
200 Best & Belcher 62 j 300 Sierra Nev 105
100 Challenge ...... 3G 50 Standard 275
400 Con Cal & V...1 90 1 200 Union Con 63
100 Justice 19 1 SOO Yellow Jacket.. 45
500 Mexican 601
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 14 100 Hale & Norcrs. 25
500 Belcher 39 1000 Lady Wash.... 01
200 Best & Belcher 65 300 Mexican 64
500 Bullion 03 200 Ophir 140
300 Challenge 39 500 Potosl 23
100 Con Cal & V...1 95 600 Union Con 57
600 Crown Point... 23 100 Utah 13
300 Gould & Curry. 43 100 Yellow Jacket.. 4»
200 Gould & Curry. 42|
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock ;
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Andes 14 1 200 Justice 20
1100 Belcher 3S 1 300 Mexican .' «'}
800 Belcher 39 400 Mexican 61 !
800 Best & Belcher 61 200 Occidental 84 |
700 Best & Belcher 62 700 Ophir 13')
1000 Bullion 03 200 Ophir 135
1000 Bullion 02 200 Overman 14
200 Caledonia 32 . 200 Potosi 23
700 Chollar 34 1500 Potosi 28
200 Con Cal & V...1 90 1000 Potosi 27
600 Con Cal & V.I 92% 900 Sierra Nev 105
200 Con Cal & V...198 200 Union Con 55
200 Crown Point.:. 22 COO Yellow Jacket.. 44
200 Gould & Gurry. 41 ' 200 Yellow Jacket.. 45
200 Hale & Norcrs. 26 200 Yellow Jacket.. 47
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta 10 600 Mexican 62
500 Belcher 39. 200 Mexican 63
300 Belcher ..: 40 850 Ophir 133 :
400 Best & Belcher 64 300 Overman 15
2000 Bullion 03 200 Potosi '. 2&
200 Chollar 35 200 Savage 29
100 Con Cal & V...2 00 200 Savage 28
400 Con Cal ,v V.I 97% 800 Seg Belcher.... 04
300 Crown Point... 23 200 Sierra Nev 110
300 Crown Point... 24 200 Union Con 56
1100 Gould & Curry. 42 200 Utah 13
300 Hale & Norcrs. 25 200 Yellow Jacket.. 48
300 Justice .... 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, April 27—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con U6 07 Kentuck 04 03
Alta 09 11 Lady Wash.... — 01 '
Andes 13 14 Mexican 62 63
Belcher 39 40 Occidental 34 35
Best & Belcher 63 64 Ophir 135 140
Bullion 02 03 Overman 14 16
Caledonia 37 39 Potosi 28 29
Chollar 34 35 Savage 27 29
Challenge Con. 38 40 Scorpion 01 03
Confidence 78 85 Seg Belcher 04 05
Con Cal & V...1 90 2GO Sierra Nev 1 10 1 15. ,
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill 03 01 |
Crown Point... 23 21 Syndicate — 05 i
Con New York. — 02 Standard 250 —
Exchequer 02 03 St Louis 0G —
Gould & Curry. 42 43 Union Con 57 58
Hale & Norcrs. 25 26 Utah 12 14
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 47 48 :
Justice ......... 24 25
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
•Milton Lambeth to Francois Marx, lot on N
corner of Sixth and Clementina streets, XE SO
by XW 35; $20,000.
Frederick Clark to Real Estate and Develop
ment Company, property in 1803 d. $, same (12
descriptions), as in deed of Potrero Nuevo Land
Company, et at., to Frederick, Bee eleventh
1 deed In Abstract No. 2261, November 5, IS9B,
; quitclaim deed; $10.
Heal Estate and Development Company to R.
A. Clark, lot on N\V corner of Solano and Ver
mont streets, AY 100 by X 137:6, E 23, N to
Mariposa street, E 108, S 400; also lot on si-:
comer of Buttc and Vermont streets, S 169:8 by
X 100; also lot on X line of Vermont street, 160
N of Solano, X ■>" by E 100; also lot on N\V coi
ner of Butte and Rhode Island streets. W 100
by x 150; also lot on SE corner of Solano .UiX
Rhode Island street's, S 293 :3, NE 34."i:4, V, 141;
also lot on SE corner of De Haro and Butt?
streets, E 159:7%, SE to a point S 34&:9, W to
a. point 41 X of Napa street, thence X 109, E
100. N 50, W l"". X 2'JO: also lot on X tin of
Santa Clara street, 65 VV of Wisconsin, W 33
by X 100; also lot on NW corner of Santa
Clara and Arkansas streets, AY 174, XI-: to ,i
i point s 252:3; also lot on NW corner of Butte
and Arkansas streets, AY ss, X to a point E s,
s 400; also Potrero Nuevo blocks 231 and 232;
also lot on X \v corner of Solano and Connecti
cut streets, W 200, X 72:6, E 200, S 72:6; also lot
on NW corner of Mnriposa and Connecticut
streets, W 100 by S 163:9; also lot on SE corner
of Santa Clara and Arkansas streets, S 200, E
100, S 7.".. E 100, X 225, W 100, X 50, W 100; also
Potrero Nuevo blocks 23.", 242 and 244; also lot
on SE corner of Solan" and Connecticut, streets,
E 10:7, SW to a point X 25:7%; also Potren
Nuevo block 271; $10.
Fred A. Greenwood to Henry J. Crocker. h t
on W line of Second avenue, 181:4 S of .Lake
street, S 25 by W 120; $5.
Orville D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Frederick
Hartje, lot on SW corner of Thirty-third ave
nut and X street, S 600 by W 120; $10.
Henry and Anna D. Nlerendorf to Patrick and
Tilda Pierson, lot 1762. Gift Map 3: $10.
Felix and Eva H. Lauricello to E. Lou's
Wenks lot on NW corner of Berkshire and
Diamond streets, W 25 by X 100, lot 8, block 13,
Mission and Thirtieth Streets Homestead; *10.
Charles and Franceses Franzoi to Eugene W.
O'Donnell, lot on X line of California street,
59:6 W of Larkin, \v 27:0 by X s7; $10.
Robert P. Wi eland to Mathilda M. Shnin
wald (wife of H.), lot on W line of Franklin
street, 50 X of Washington, X 34:4% by W
1 137.6: $10.
Nathan Goldtree to Auguste Goldtree, lot on
NE corner of Cough and Eddy streets, E Sis:'*'
by X 137:6; gift.
Harriet S. McElroy to Emma L. Van Duzer
(wife of A. P.). lot on E line of Gough street,
55 s of Green, s 29 by E 100; also lot on S line
of Green street, 100 E of Gough, E 54, S 144, W
8:11%, X 137:6; gift.
Hibernia Savings and I,oan Society to O. li,
Lippert, lot on S line of Waller street, 1S1:3 W
of Ftllmore, W 25 by s 120; $1500.
Same to A. J. Halm, lot on S line of Waller
street. 181:3 E of Steiner, E 25 by s 120; $1500.
A. J. Hahn to Bertha Hahn, same; gift.
Edward B. and Elsie 1., Jennings to William
H. Mocker, lot on W line of Devlsadero street,
86:6 S of Grove. S 26 by w 110; $10.
Charles A. and Nellie G. Day to American
Surety Company of New York, lot on W line of
Willard street, 125 x of Golden Gate avenue, N
2.". by w 100; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Fernan
do Nelson, lots I to 15, block 3, Marion Tract
(Hospital lot); $10.
Adam Beck to American Surety Company of
New York, lot on E line of Jtillen avenue, 125
X of Sixteenth street, X 30 by E 84; $10.
George Theuerkauff to Alice O, Anna M..
August H. and George A. Theuerkauff, lot on
W line of Dolores street, 170 N of Seventeenth,
AY 102, X to S line of Church lane, 106 W of
Dolores, E 106, S 120; $10.
Alice 0., Anna M., August H. and George A.
Theuerkauff to Agnes A. Foerster, lot on W
line of Dolores street, 170 X of Seventeenth. X
23;6, W 102. s to a point 102 W of beginning and
170 X of Seventeenth street, E 102; $1650.
Estate of Lewis Soher (by Adolph and F.mile
Soher. administrators) to L. Kauffman, lot on
S line of O'Farrell street, 137:6 E of Mason, E
58 by s 97:6; $45,000.
Frederick A. and Nellie A. Lasell to Susan H.
Ewell. lot on s line of Broadway, 205:9 W of
Taylor street. W 22:3 by S 60; $10.
Carrie B. Cheever.to Celia Kearney, lot on
SW line of Essex street. ISS XW of Harrison,
XW 62 by SW 87:8; $3400.
Thomas F. and Lawrence Dunn, et al. (by
Gustave 11. Umbsen. - referee) to Andrew
Downey. lot on X line of Minna street, 396 NE
of Third, NE 25 by NAY 80; $3400.
William and Marie Gruenhagen to Henry K.
Bothin, lot on X corner of Fifth and Clara
streets, SE 40 by NE 80; $10.
Francois and Hannah Marx to Milton Lam
beth, lot on N corner of Sixth and Clementina
streets. NE 80 by XAV 35: $10.
John S. and Amanda B. Stratum to Ameri
can Surety Company of New York, lot on XW
line of Harrison street. 250 sw of Fifth. SW 25
by NW 50; $10.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
McNab & Smith (a corporation), lot on SE line
of Brannan street, 355 SW of Seventh, SAY 50
by SE 27.-,; $10.
Mary White to Union Iron Works (a corpo
ration), lot on E line of Michigan street,
226:. iiH> X of Sierra, X 23: 6%, E 100. s 24:5';. W
100; $10. etc.
Elisabeth Bteinmann to John and Michael
Mussio, lot on W line of Van Ness avenue,
37:(> X of Francisco street. X 2.". by AY 123: $10.
Adolph Mack to Clara Mack, lot on E line of
Octavla street, 52:S 1 ,4 Sof Sacramento, 575 by
E 137:6; gift.
George and Elizabeth Mearns to John .1 Hall,
lot on S line of Pacific street, 50 W of Gou,zh'
W 57:6 by S 100: $5. ■
John .1 and Caroline Hall to Ernest L. Hue
ter, same; $10.
Morris and Leah Corlnson to Arthur Mc-
Cracken, lot on X line of Green street, 95 E
of Buchanan. E 23 by x 110; 110.
Leah and Oscar Arnstein to Dora A
Hoffman, lot on S line of^Sutter street, 163 E
of Webster. E 50 by S 137:6: $9750.
Henry A. Carroll to Elizabeth c. Tyson. (wife
of George H.). lot on N line of Lombard street
S7:<: E of Powell, E 125 by 130; $10.
Andrew Downey to Sarah A. Downey lot on
NAY line of M!nna streeet, 39G NE of Third
NE 25 by XW 80; gift. ra>
W. F. • Williamson to .Patrick Moyles, lot on
NAA r line of Langton (Downey) street. '17 ftv
of Bryant, SE 24 by NE 80; $700. "
John Sullivan to James Sullivan, lot on NAA
line of Clementina street, 250 NE of Ninth NE
25 by NW 7.V. $10. ' '
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Michael
and Mary Gleason, lot on SE line of Folsom
street. 100 SW of Eighth, SW 25 by BE 90
--SB4OO.
Henry and Elizabeth Bensen to Tubbs
Cordage Company (a corporation), lot on AY
line of Minnesota street, 130:9% S of Twenty
second (Sierra), W 72:2%. SE to a point, N 40;
$5.
O. F. and Ida M. AVllley (by A. W. Llnforth.
commissioner) to J. S. Angus, Thomas G.
Crothers and W. 8. Goodfellow (trustees estate
James G. Fair), lot on NW corner of Twenty
seventh avenue and A street. N 19.> by W 1.0.
also lot en NE corner of Twenty-seventh ave
nue and A street, N 125 by E 75; $3733..
Knut T Frlckstadt to Ola T. Osmunson. lot
on \V line of Twenty-third avenue. 2-b B of
Point Lobos avenue, \V 120 by SS; $300.
A. E. and Rose A. Buckingham to Annie
Ahkmann (wife of Thomas), lot on W line of
Thirty-seventh avenue, 175 S of O street, b
S GKnsew! Frink to Hattie B. Housman lot
on NW corner of Naples and India avenue, N 50
by W ■ -", lot ■", block 50, Excelsior Homestead,
of James G. Fair (by J. S. Angus. T.
<;. Crothers and W. S. Goodfellow. executors)
to M. S. Cavallera, lot on S line ot CorUand
avenue. 185:2%, W Andover, V 2a by S 11-.b,
lot 13, block 9, Fair's Subdivision; $-.'.-
Solomon and Dora Getz to Louis Levy lot on
s line of Minerva street, 200 E Capitol, S 150 bj
S 125. block P, Railroad Homestead ABSOCia
tloMarga°ret Long (Kennedy) to - MauriceUo,
lot on NW corner Huron street, 2",. NE Sickles
avenue, NE 50 by NW 107, block 9, bears buo
i division West End, Map 2; $10. r, nhor . t
Mary E. and Kathryn A. Craig to Robert
Wannenmacher, lot 2, Sylvan avenue, Masonic
Cemetery; $200.
Alameda County.
Annie Hanratty to Sarah C. Hatch. lot on E
I line of Filbert street, 258:10 S of Twenty-first. i
! S 50 by E 125, block 614, Oakland; $10;
Mary Parker to -Herman C. Franzen. lot on
S line of West Eighth street, 100 E Of Filbert,
E 25, S 102:314 W-25, N 102:6 to beginning, De
ing lot 6, block L-540, map of subdivision of
block 340, as surveyed for Edward Cadwaladcr,
Oakland;, $1500. , T
James and Angelina Morse, S. B. and Laura
E. Abbot to James O' Boyle, lot on E line 01
I Bryant street, 90. N of Edith, N 60 by E 100,
j being lots 23 and 24, block I, Broadway Ter
race, to correct former deeds, Oakland; $10.
Annie and Mary Pelacleau to John and Hon
oria Wallace, lot 12. block 3.V Beaudry and
> Peladeau Tract, Oakland Township; 510.
! Antonio Foote and Michael Callahan (execu
! tors estate of Ellen M. McLaughlin) to rank
Henry Garcia, lot on E line of Eleventh ave
nue. 70 S of East Fourteenth street, fa 35 • >>'
E 50, being a portion of block 41, Clinton,
East Oakland; $750.
Marlon Van and Mary I. Ostrand to James
J. McKenzie. lot on E line of Willow street,
25:7 N of Pacific, N 50 by E 74:3, being lota -
and 3. block 486, map of Gibbons' property at
Oakland Point, Oakland; $10.
James J. McKenzie to R. E. Ragland, same,
Oakland; $10. , „
Clark and Maude R. Hewlett to Charles S. |
Barnard, lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street.
263 E of Grove. E 35, S 136:7, W 35, X 136:3 to ■
beginning, being lot 19, block P. Kelsey Tract,
Oakland-: $10. (
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Frank Marsales, lot 210, in plot 30, Mountain
; View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $79. '.
Same to Sophie S. Hydellff, the .s one-third
, of the W one-half of lot 104, in plot 40, same, i
Oakland Township; $19. ,
Same to Grace E. Atwood and Herbert A.
Lawlor, lot 7S, in plot 14, same, Oakland
Township; $36.
Herbert A. Lawlor to Albina L. Bradley,
undivided one-half interest in same, Oakland
Township; *1.
Marten Thlel to Jose F. Mariante. lot on SW
line of East Twelfth street, 37:6 NW of Six- '
teenth avenue, NW 37:6 by SW 50, being lot 10
and NW half of lot 11, block 1, San Antonio, \
East Oakland; $950.
Josephine Knauss to W. S. Thurgood, lot on
E line of Willow street, 104 N of Seventh, X
26 by E 111:8, being lot 5, block 526, Gibbons' ]
Property at Oakland Point, Oakland; $10.
Edson F. Adams and James C. McKe< (trus
tees for L. C. Cole) to Farmers' and Merchants I
Savings Bank, 651 d 41, lot on S line of Thirty
second street, 115 W of West, W 450 by S 140,
being lots 8 to 16, block 2038, Rowland Tract, ,
Oakland, trustees' deed; $5985.
Theodore and Ida Wagner to George W.
McCluskey lot on W line of Spruce street,
398.23 N of Eunice, W 134.69 to a point equi
distant between Spruce and Pine streets, !
thence X 192. NE to W line Spruce street at a j
point 634. 3S N of Eunice, thence S 245.65 to
beginning of block 5, Tuohy Addition to Berke
ley, Oakland Township; $2500.
Joseph and Jane Brandenstein to C. H. Sher
man, lot on E line of Caroline street, 78 S
Of Santa Clara avenue, S 46 by E 130, Ala
meda; $10.
Jane E. Stevenson to. Ernest S. Angel, lot
on W line of Franklin street, 50 s of Fif
teenth, S 34:3 by W 100, being the S 34:3 of
lot 15, Schroder Tract; Oakland; $10.
Ernest S. Angel to Lillian A. Dell, same,
Oakland; $10
James and Kate McGaughey and Edward
and Kate McOaughey (by commissioner) to
Emma I). Taylor, lot on N line of Fourteenth
street. 152:6 W of Willow, W 50 by N 100,
being lots 8 and 9, block F, resubdivision blocks
C and F, Garden Tract Homestead, Oakland;
$641.
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to Frank Un
derwood, lot on E line of Magnolia street,
117:6 S of Sixteenth, S 40 by E 128:3, block
587, Oakland; $10.
Louis Newquist to Anna L. Newqulst, lot on
i NW line of Park way, BO SW of East Tenth
street. SW 30 by NW 60, being lot 13, Map ■
of Badger's subdivision block 11, Clinton, East
Oakland, gift.
The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to
H. W. Blore, lot is, in subdivision C, Fruitvale
Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Aaron C. and Rebecca J. Ford to Orvllle N. ;
Riggfr, lot 16 of Dow & Thomas Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $450.
J. L. and M. C. Barker to B. P. Wall, be
ginning at a point 50 feet from lot on X line
of Bancroft way. on W line of lot 13, Map
lof Bent. in Property, thence X 39, W 13S. to
I E line of Piedmont way, thence S to X line
i of lands of Borland, thence E 143 to beginning,
I being a portion of Benton Property, Berkeley;
$10.
C C. and Annie L. Clay to John C. an!
I Martha J. White, lot on NW corner of Church
j and Wheeler avenues, NE .'.5, NW 150, W 55,
. SE 150 to beginning, being lot 6, block 747, of
C. C. Clay's Subdivision Levy and Lane Tract,
\ Brooklyn Township; $450.
W E. and Erminia Dargie to George S.
; McComb, lot 9, Rose Tract, Brooklyn Town
' ship; $5.
Alvan Round to Seymour Miller, lot on W
| line of Paru street, 175 S of Buena Vista aye
, nue, S 125 by W 116, Alameda, quitclaim
deed; $10. N
Seymour Miller to Sarah A. Roundy, same,
.Alameda, quitclaim deed; $10.
Henry H. and Annie Strane (by commis
i sioner) to Philip Kolb, lot on S line of Ray
I street, 200 E of Main, E 122 by S 183, being por
-1 tion of plat 3 of Rancho El Valle de San Jose,
1 Town of Pleasanton, Murray Township; $1360.
Mabel P. and Edward K. Dupont to Jacob
Palmer, undivided one-third interest in lot on
E line of Center street, 57:6 NW of Eighth, X
30:9% by E SI, block 552, Eighth-street Tract,
Oakland; $COO.
Marie de Labrousse to A. J. Samuel, lot on
! E line of West street, 70:2>i N of Seventeenth.
I X 33:6% by E 90, block E, map of property of
North Oakland Homestead Association, Oak- i
1 land; $10.
A. J. and Anna E. Samuel to Virginia A.
Brown, same, Oakland; $10.
James A. and Mary A. Squire to Felix and
Marie J. Capdevielle, lot on E line of Shattuck
nvenue, 105.28 X of Bancroft way. E 103.55, S
30, W 105.74. X 30.07 to beginning, being portion
of lots 21 and 22, block — , Blake Tract, map 3,
Berkeley; $100.
Mary A. and Eugene Wllcox to Jennie M. Mc-
Millan, lot on S line of Francisco street, 121:6 E
of Grove. E 40 by S 135, being the \V 40 feet of
lot 13, block B. Janes Tract. Berkeley, to cor
' rect former deed, quitclaim deed: $10.
Oakland Bank of Savings to William H.
Camp, lot on SW line of Lincoln- avenue, 100
NW of Court street, NW 50 by SW 130, being
lot 3, Johnson Tract. Alampda: $750,
■ Emma G. and Emil C. Medau (administra
trix and administrator of the estate of Malinda
C. Medau) to Emil C. Medau, undivided one
twelfth Interest in the estate of John P. Me
dau, deceased; $1015.
Angel B. and Mollie Soto to Macrdalena Go
mez, lots 7 and 8, block 1. Tract B. Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association
Berkeley; $10.
Jennie and Raymond Stephen* to Willlin' H.
Mart in, lot on SE corner of Spruce and Pine
streets. S 120 by E 134:7. being lots 2 and :!
block S, Antisell Villa Lots, Berkeley; $1(10.
Alameda Savings Bank to George A Moore
lot on W lino of Cedar street. 120 S of Clinton
avenue, S 40 by E 130. being lot 8, block B
Bellevue Tract, Alameda; $ISOO.
Oakland Commercial Company (a corporation)
to Pacific Coast Company (a corporation), lease
hold interest in lot on NE line of Fallon street
produced S and harbor line Oakland harbor
W 200 by x 300, Oakland; also wharf, etc ■ $10*
Grace M. Klmball to Benjamin Courant lota
35 to 7. Klmball Tract, Oakland; $10
Catherine Semeria to Jean Galan. lot on SE
! corner of University avenue and Ninth street
E CO by S 100, block 00. Tract B, Berkeley Land
rind Town Improvement Association, Berkeley;
M. McCann .to Helen P. Smith, lot S, block
2. State University Homestead Association No
I 3. quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $50. ' °-
James Gamble to American Bank and Trust
; Company of San Francisco, lots 2 to 5 block
Berkeley;^. 8 block B. Crystal Springs Tract,
Calvin O. Brigham to Frank E. P.rlgham lot
j on SE corner of Eighth and Oak streets. S
I 50 by E 100, blocK 134, Oakland; $10.
Same to same, 1,.t on SW corner of Eighth
! and X)ak streets. S 100 by \V 50. block 126, Oak
land;- $10.
Same to same, lot on SW corner Oak and
Eleventh streets, S 100 by W 150, block 13$,
Oakland; $10.
Same to same, lot on NTS corner of Eighth
and Magnolia streets, N 100 by E. 100:6, block
547. Oakland; $10.
Grace M. Kimbnll to Benjamin Courant. lots
35. 36 and 37. Kimball Tract, Oakland; $1.
Edward P. and Emma P. Flint to Harry
■ Wyatt, the SE 22.16 feet of lot 8 and NW 17.84
| feet of lot 0, block J, Flint Tract. Map 4, Oak
land; $10.
Peter and Christine Anderson to John F.
' Stark, lot on S line of San Antonio avenue. 350
X of Walnut street, E 50 by S 150, being lot 11,
, block K. lands adjacent to Enclnal, East Oak
: land; $2000.
Byron and Louisa Waters to Xiles Searles.
', lot on N line of Durant avenue, 300 W of Dana
street, W 100 by N 130. block 12, property of
College Homestead Association, Berkeley; $10.
Kate A. Torras to Mary T. Harris (wife of
George R.). lot beginning At most westerly cor
ner of lands of Kate A. Torras by deed of May
19 ''.'7 thence NE 4.62 chains,- sic 1.58 chains,
S 70 links to center of Small Creek, thence down
center of said creek to X line of lands of
Bauerle thence NW 4.21 chains to beginning,
Brooklyn Township: gift.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydroßrnphlc
Office, located In the Merchants" Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco 'or the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expenae.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit ths
office, where complete S etß of chart* .and sail
ing directions of the world ar e kep i JatMt
for comparison and reference regar dins
Srih^^angert^^v-rga'tiofand all matter,
KeresT'to nceancon— new Ferr y
The time ball on the J2 w * r J >I J^ t is hoisted
building at the foot of Market «t«« d ed at
about ten minutes before nwnan
c^^hE^m V?F States Naval
Observatory. Mare g^l was dropped
A notice stating whf -thei the nan übllsh ed
on time or giving the error. '{ a "}- j *£..
In the morning papers the £ ol £ w ££ LK INS.
Lieutenant. »* g '*■ '" char **" -
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coa.t and Geodetic Survey
Tlir.es and Heights of Hlß*^ f> gan
£= S co at Ba F y ° rt P^ed au
thority of the *uP er ' nt . en ' len .v4t e rs occur at
NOTE-The high and low %va^| f , C ab out
the city front (Mission-street *»»»«{ Po , nt:
twenty-five minutes later at places.
the height of tide Is the same at .JU__
FRIDAY, APRIL 28.
r.:l«
Sun rises .'"6:58
Sun sets io-23 p. m.
Moon rises i ■/•*__!* ■
? ITlmel Ft .i^!iFt.ra* t.ra«.
«? H W'| 'L W| H t W| ___J__!
2:31 4 6 6:59 1.0
29 ... 0:56 6.0 8:13-0.8 3:34 4.7 7.69 II
30... 1:51 5.7 9:10-0.6 4:34 4.8 9.14 2.2
1 ... 2:59 5.4 10:10-0.3 5:31 5.0 10.34 3.0
2 414 5.0 11:10 0.0 6:21 5.3 1800 2.5
3 '.'.'. 5:36 4.9 12:09 0.3 7.0? 5.5 ......
L, W H W L *.V H _W
4 .. 0:56 1.9 6:55 4.8 1:05 0-' 7:49 6 *"
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time- me
second time column Rives the second t' de °'
the day. the third time column the third two
qnd the last or right hand column gives the
-,a«t tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, a? sometimes occur. The nelgnis
given are additions to the soundings on tne
United States Coast Survey charts. «C'P"
when a minus sign <-) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane ■ ot
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chant*' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
-\ • , r i I 27, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKI.N^,
Lieutenant. U. S. X.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
1 -— —i
Luella ITillamook |Apl. 28
Wellington [Departure Bay Ap. -^
Samoa Humboldt Apl. <•_
Athenian Victoria Ap*. 28
Empire Coos Bay |Ap . -S
Coos Bay Newport — |Apj. £»
America Maru..|China and Japan- Ap". £
A. Blanchard.-.iCoos Bay Ap . 2*
Weeott lYaquina Bay Apl. Ti
Procreso (Seattle - Ap . 29
A. Blanchard...!Coos Bay Apl. -■'
Weeott lYaquina Bay Ap . 29
Progreso [Seattle A pi. »
Aloha Point Arena |Apl. 30
Columbia ..[Portland - jAp . 30
Corona 'San Diego [Apl. 30
Curacao [Mexico AP'- 30
Mackinaw Tacoma APj- 30
Grace Dollar... I Grays Harbor Apl. 30
Newburtr Grays Harbor May 1
Grace D011ar.... 'Grays Harbor May 1
North Fork (Humboldt . _ May 1
Queen .*.... Victoria & Puget SoundlMay 2
Crescent City... I Crescent City [May 2
Homer I Departure Bay.. [May 2
Pomona Humboldt May 2
Bonlta [Newport May 2
Belgian Kihg...lChina and Japan [May 3
Santa Rosa (San Diego (May 4
Point Arena.... l Point Arena May 4
Areata (Coos Bay (May 4
Aztec | China and Japan May 4
State of Ca1.... I Portland 'May *>
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. j Sails. I Pier.
ritate Cal... iportland Apl. ">S. 10 am Pier 24
Santa RosaiSan Diego [Apl. 28, 11 amlPler 11
Peru Panama lApl. 28, 12 miPMSS
Coptic (China* Japan Apl. 28. 1 pm PM?"
Areata [Coos Bay Apl. 23, 10 am | Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. 'Point Arena.. Apl. 29, *" Pier 2
Pomona .... Humboldt Apl. 29, 2 pm Pier 9
Coos Bay... Newport Apl. 30, 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla ..'Vic A Pjrt Sd.lMay i. in am Pier 9
A. Blanch* d [Humboldt 'May 1, 5 pm|Pier 13
Corona Pan Dieso IMay 2. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia ..IPortland IMay 3,10 am' Pier 2*
Aloha IPoint Arena.. May 3, " Pier 2
Bonita X, art (May 4. 9 amlPier 11
Australia ..'Honolulu May 4. 10 amlPier 7
Steamer. ] Destination.
Sails.
SHIPI'IXG I>TELLIGK>fL;.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. April 27.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 22 hours from Monterey,
etc.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, IS hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, 61 hours from Vic
toria, etc.
Stmr George Loomis, Briiigett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Simr Mineola, David, 90 hours from Na
naimo.
Srmr Hueneme, Johnson, 27 days from Eu
reka.
Rtmr Australia, Houdlette, 6 days 23 hours 40
minutes from Honolulu.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
I'lii; Bhlp Star of Benpal. Henderson. 91 days
from Newcastle, NSW, via Honolulu 2f> days.
Br strar Athenian, Mowatt, 32';. days from
Honpkonir. vta Kobe 28% days, via Yokohama
L 2: • days, via Vancouver a days.
Br ship Andreta, Niekerson, OS days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Schr Edward Parke, Johnson. 3 1 . days from
Usal
Schr Robert Searles, Piltz, 31 days from Ha
kodato
Schr Beulah, Mitchell, 5 days from Columbia
River.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Falcon, Lindholm, 23 days from Ho-
Schr Muriel, Carlsen. 27 days from Honoipu.
CLEARED
Thursday. April 27.
Stmr Ohio. Pokes, Manila, via Honolulu; U
S Government.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Dieg-o;
Ooodall. Perkins & Co.
Ship W H Mai y. Groth, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Br bark Sardigun Castlp, Goulding, Sydney,
via Pago Paso; .1 .1 M lore A Co.
Schr Queen, Mortensen, Santa Rosalia; F
Santalier.
SAILED.
Wednesday, April 26.
Stmr Willamette, Hanson. Seattle.
Thursday. April J7.
Br stmr Wyefield, Cartmer, Nanaimo.
Stmr Alliance, Donaldson, Astoria.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Stmr Albion, Ericsson.
Stmr Waqntenaw, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfieth, Crescent City.
Bark Oregon, Parker, }'<>rt Angeles.
Bark B P Cheney, Johns in, Bristol Bay.
Schr Western Home, Nielaen. Cooa Bay.
s< In- Laura Pike, Johnson, Eureka.
Schr Mary C, Matsen, Port ROss.
CHARTERS.
The Brenda is chartered for wheat to Ku
r ■. :•:■<.
The Ltnlithgowshire loads lumber on the
Sound for Melbourne or Adelaide. 47s 6d.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Point LOBOS, April 27, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N \V ; velocity 30 miles.
SP< IKEN.
March W, la: 5 S, long 127 W— Br ship King
Edward from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
March 30, Lit 30 S. long 42 W— Ship Kenil
worth, from New York, tor San Francisco.
Ft !> 7. la; 59 S, long >;t W- lir bark Lydgate,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTB.
TACOMA— Sailed April 17— Schr I>>na Swea
sey, tor San Francisco; bark Tidal Wave, for
San P< ■
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived April 27— Schr Wa
wona. from Port Blakeley
Sailed April 27— Stmr Scotia, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE Arrived April :>7— Stmr Cottage
city, from Dyea: etmr Farallon, from Dyea; Br
ship Powys Castle, from Cardiff.
NEAB BA'S Passed in April 27— Haw stmr
San Mateo, from Port I^os Angeles, for Xh-
USAL — Arrived April 27— Schr Neptune, hence
April 16-
EUREKA— Arrived April 27 -Schr Emma
Claudina, hence April 23; bktn Monitor, henoe
April 20; pchr J Q Wall, hence April 16; schr
Mabel Gray, from San Diego,
FORT BRAGG Arrived April 27— Stmr Noyo,
April 26; schr Martha W Tuft, hence
April IS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 27—
Stmr Lafruna, tmnn .
PORT TOWNSEND Sailed inward April 17—
Br shij> Corunna, for Puget Sound.
Passed April 27— Chll ship Temuco, from Vic
toria, tor Porl Blakeley and Valparaiso.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— SaiIed April 26— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
COLON— Sailed April 25— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed April 22— Br ship
Royal Forth, for San Francisco.
QCEENSTOWN- Sailed April 25— Ger bark
Paul Isenberg, for Newcastle. April 26— Br ship
Vincent, for Antwerp.
TRANS ATI. ANTIC STEAMERS.
ST MICHAELS— Arrived April 27— Stmr Ems,
from Naples, tor New York.
LIVERPOOL- Arrived April 27— Stmr Cata
lonia, from Boston; stmr Teutonic, from New
York,
BREMEN — Arrived April 27— Stmr Lahn
from New York, via Southampton.
NAPLES— Arrived April 27— Stmr Saale, for
HO&GKONG-Ban*d April 27-Stmr Empress
of India, for Vancouver. v °MOST PAY FOR
PUTTING SWEET
ALICE IN JAIL
Francisco Tells of a
Deal That Failed.
LOSES WIFE AND COIll
THE COURT TESTIFIES THAT IT
HAD BEEN ENGAGED.
Miss Moss. However, Seemed in
Favor With the Jury and Was
Given All the Damages
She Asked.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
POS Broadway, April 27.
Miss Alirr- Moss was granted her heart's
desire by a jury this afternoon in Judge
Qulnn's court. She triumphed over her
ex-lover, Manuel Francisco, and was
awarded $299 damages for spending three
days in the City Prison on the strength
of a warrant sworn to by Francisco.
Francisco lost his affianced, $60 he gave
her for a wedding dross, the costs of
court and the verdict of $203, besides hav
ing heaped upon him the humiliation
caused by the Jeers and laughter of a
small crowd of the lady's friends who
thronged the courtroom. One of these
friends was so demonstrative during the
trial that Judge Qulnn ordered her out of
the courtroom, and she spent the remain
der of the day smiling at the witnesses
from the corridor.
Francisco went on the stand this after
noon and told his little tale of love. He
narrated how Mis? Alice Moss had ac
cepted his proposal of marriage, had al
lowed him to name the day and had taken
from him $60 for the purpose of purchas
ing a wedding trousseau. On the eve of
the wedding day the young lady declined
to have anything further to do with Man
uel, who is over twice her ag*e. Manuel
then secured her arrest on the charge of
obtaining money by false pretenses. She
was, as her attorney said, "thrown into
the deep, damp i ells of the City Prison
and there the innocent young woman
languished for three whole days."
Some of the testimony did not
agree with Miss Moss' attorney's
assumption of Innocence, youthful
ness and prettiness, but evidently these
characteristics of the plaintiff made a
very favorable impression upon the jury,
at whom she smiled the whole of the
eleven hours that the trial was in prog
ress.
Manuel's attorney placed Judge Quinn
on the stand for the purpose of showing
how thoroughly in earnest his client was
in regard to the marriage. "The failure
of the attempt on the part of the de
fendant to marry the plaintiff was some
what of a disappointment to me," said
the court. "Francisco had called on me
and made arrangements or me to go to
his home on the Sunday evening and per
form the ceremony. He was to send a
hack for me, but as events developed
I missed the hack drive. It is my opinion
that Francisco was talking business when
he made the arangement with me."
The witness then transformed himself
into the court again and the case pro
ceeded.
Attorney D. Mitchell, on behalf of Miss
Alice M"o88, made a very eloquent plea,
referring to his legal opponents, Abe P.
.Leach and Clarence Croweli, as "two of J
the most gallant young, men Jn Oakland,
who would. 1 sincerely believe, despise
doing anything that would inure to the i
detriment of my client."
Attorney Leach evidently did not take
the same view of matters as Mr. Mitchell,
for he argued very earnestly and in a
manner that clearly showed it to be his
opinion that the fair Alice was not en
titled to a cent. During the argument
Mr. Mitchell inadvertently stated that he
and his associate, Frank Brearty, had
divide between them the $60 which
should have gone for the wedding gown.
The case will be appealed to the Su
perior Court/
NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR
MRS. DAVOUST'S DEATH
ALAMEDA'S ANSWER IN THE
BIG DAMAGE SUIT.
Blame for the Horrible Electrocution
of a Young Woman Laid to
Electric Road and Cable
Telegraph Companies.
Call,
BroadwaY, April 27.
Senator K. K. Taylor, a attorney
imeda, to-day Bled an answer to the
' Lrtial Davoust, wherein th
T^r seeks to recover from the munii
ity 150,000 dam;. death
of h: Uth M. Davoust, by con
tact with a fallen live electric wir»- last
November.
. .nmrrer was overruled a
few days ago, and the answer
• that
Mrs. on a \:t <■■.-.
on Pear! street, Alameda, and carelessly
stumbled against a coll of guy wire lying
on the ground and dragged the same
so that the upper portion thereof, at
tached to a hig!i pole standing in another
lnr, cam<- fn contact with a wire owned
■ <Mty and used only to condut I
tricity t«p certain incandescent lamp.- at
nue railroad station; and
that while upon said vacant lot si
celved 'ric shock from the guy
wire and "departed this life." The an
swer moreover alleges that death was
owing entirely to Mrs. Davoust's negli-
In its answer, the City of Alameda also
lays partial blame to wires of the Ala
meda Electric Street Railroad: and al
thai the guy wire complained i I
Btretched from a pole of
.is Cable Company,
whose agents cut the wire down and
coiled It. bul failed to remove the same;
that the agents of the city were
Bed ol ts presence. Stress is
•iid upon the fact that the wires at
me of Mrs. Davoust's death were
exceedingly wei with rain, thus making
Insulation of the coll of wire.
asks that the suit be dismissed
Society Lady's Serious Illness.
ALAMEDA. April 27.— Miss Edith M.
ighter of Commodore and Mrs.
Allen M Clay, a prominent young lady
; - seriously ii 1
lUheria at her home, 1428 Oak street.
idy while at the
■ - Hospital In San Francisco.
Following the example of many society
girls -!.. entered the institution to
training as ■ She com
POSTUM CEREAL.
SUCCESSFUL THINKERS
Study the cause of their own bodily
troubles, and when they find the sub-
tle drug of coffee is acting badly on
the curious and delicate nervous sys-
tem, they have common sense enough
to stop. Many famous brain workers
use Postum Cereal Food Coffee, a de-
licious morning cup when properly
boiled to bring out the principles which
it contains for rebuilding the nerve
centers and bodily Ktructure.
Furnished by grocers, 15 and 26
cents.
menced a two years' course March 10, and
was detailed to the measles ward. About
two weeks ago one- of the patients in her
charge developed diphtheric symptoms.
Miss ( 'lay nursed the child back to health.
Last Thursday she was taken 111 and re
turned to her home in this city. Tuesday
the symptoms of diphtheria developed.
While the young lady's condition is ex
tremely serious, her physician expresses
the opinion that her chances for recovery
are good.
DEMOCRATS MAKE MERRY.
Voters of the Thirtieth District Hold
a High Jinks at Music Hall.
The Democratic Club of the Thirtieth
Assembly District held an enthusiastic
high jinks ai Music Hall on Mission street,
near Fifth, last evening. President H. H
Plant presided. The hall was filled to
overflowing with the youths of the dis
trict. Many oi the old war horses were
also th^rc. Refreshments were served as
accessories to song and oratory.
The humorous ballads of Pat Flaherty
and Dan Kent served as a salad for the
more substantial food to be given by the
speakers. George t'ahanlss talked of the
possibilities of Democratic victory at the
next election, and urpod those present to
make an earnest canvass for the coming
primary election.
Ex-Judge Ferral made a rousing speech.
j in which he severely criticized the actions
of the Committee of One Hundred in the
campaign. He attributed the de
feat of the party a> the last election to
tin Interference of the Committee of One
Hundred. Oscar Hocks, chairman of the
Democratic Central Club, and Major Wil
liam Fahey, the veteran campaigner,
made short speeches.
The following officers were elected:
President, H. H. Plant: first vice presi
dent. J. O'Dowd; second vice president,
William Pratt: recording secretary, Wil
liam Farrell: financial secretary. Gus Ja
cobs: treasurer, Prank Dumont; sergeant
at-arms, .limes Finnigan.
ODD FELLOWS ENJOY
A DAY AT MIRABEL
OUTING IN CELEBRATION OF
ORDER'S ANNIVERSARY.
A Delightful Ride Througii Two
Counties — Races on the Picnic
Grounds and Enjoyable
• Dancing.
Wednesday was the eightieth anniver
sary of the Institution of American Odd
Fellowship in the United States, and the
Odd Fellows of San Fran brated
tli.> event by an excursion to and picnic at
Mirabel P.irk. Sonoma County, twelve
miles north of Santa Rosa. The excur
sionists to the number of fif.O on leaving
the ferry-boat at Tiburon crowded an
eleven-car train, and they were at a
rapid rate whirled to their destination.
: passing through two counties thai show
by green fields, valleys and meadows.
| thriving orchards and luxuriant vineyards
I the beneficial effects of the season's
! rain.
After lunch under the trees the excur
. Blonlsts, who composed one of the most
i happy crowds of people that ever went to
i a picnic, turned their attention to dan
cing and to the games that were directed
by a committee of San Francisco Canton
] Xo. 5, Patriarchs Militant, and the Re
-1 bekah Drill Corps, under whose auspices
outing was given, and which was
composed of li. O. Brower (chairman),
: Brigadier General J. F. Crosett, Grand
Patriarch J. W. Harris, Lieutenant
Colonel W. S. Potter, Mrs. Antoinette
'Shaw. Mrs. FT. B. <"yrus and Mrs. L.
Lowrie. The following were the first and
■ ! winners in each race: M
S. K. Mitel ell, Mark Bradley. i.
rac< — Mrs. w. M. Dowle, Beatrice Law
, ranee. Fat men's ract — Captain J. Thom
!■".,rir,. r. Girl -' race, un
der 13— Clara Turpin. Alma !■
- ladies' race — Mrs. w. M. Dowle,
Miss Gussie Hooper. Boys undei
- -Floyd Turpin. J. G. Gibson. Past
Nobli Grand (Rebekahs) race— Gussie
ier of Oriental, Miss Mary E. Sey
mour, also of Oriental Lodge. Married
women's race— Mrs. M. Meyer, Mr^. C.
Haistt-i.it. Men's second rue — J. Abra
hams, Charles Thelen.
Dancing was k. pt up until r> o'clock,
when the train whistle gave notice that
it was time to end at the park tue day's
enjoyable outing.
All the members of the drill corps were
t, as were also many Pa'riarchs
Militant, in their attractive uniform,
which added to the splendor of the scene.
Among the well-known members of the \
order who were on the grounds were;
C. H. Kronbeck. N. N. Peterson. J.
t'hristien. G. Meyerriirks. A. W. Downes,
K. A. Herman. A. W. Shrader, James
Lawrance, C. T. Johnson. H. 10. Belser,
I William W. Watson, C. Toft. O. J. Shat
tuck, and W. Weichhart of Fidelity
Lodge; Mrs. Mart Elisabeth McLane
(noble grand), Mr. and Mrs. M. McLean,
Mis« Derosier, Mr. and Mrs. Brower, Mrs.
E. H. Jeffrey, Mrs. Flatt; Messrs. Pot
ter, Mai com, Thompson, Ball and Me
ld; Mrs. A. Bernheimer, Mrs. Ada
rson. Mrs. Halstedt, Miss Alma
Johnson, Mrs. Hawkins. Mrs. Hopkins
and Mrs. Streibach of Templar Rebekah
Lodge; Miss Tlllle Braver (noble grand),
Mrs. H. E. Syrus. Mrs. Sperry, Mrs.
Perry. Miss Walcom, 1 >r. Daniels, Mrs.
Lawrance, George Walcom, Mrs. Milet,
Mr. Towle, Miss Lottie Goff, Mrs. F.
Turpin, Mrs. A. Turpin. Miss Minnie Van
l on, Mr. James. Colonel Lawrance,
Miss Jennie Wright and Miss E. P.. i
•' Loyal Rebekah Lodge; Mi.-s j
Rena Crawford (noble grand), Mrs. W. W.
■ -.-; ivice grand i. Mi.-s Gertrude Wim
mer (past grand). Mrs. A. Willlston (past
grand) Miss Lucy Quinton. Francs Haw
kit,-; Dr. and Mrs. Emma Crawford,
Maude Trimble. Mrs. Ashworth,
Mrs. Watson, U. Wilson. Mrs. M. Perry,
Mr and Mrs. Van Iwagen Of Mission R*>
bekah Lodge; Mrs. Laura Lowrie (noble
grand) Mrs. Leila Zelgler (secretary).
■ tie Finn (chaplain). Mrs. An
tte Shaw (past grand), Mrs. Fannie
fgo Mrs Josie Newell (past grand*. Mrs.
Mr», J. -<. n. w. E. Dubols,
Robert Burns (president of the Veteran
Fellows), A. K. Shaw, I. M. Smith.
Miss Ar.her. Mrs. Match. Mrs. Hill?.
Mrs. Cummings, Mrs. Bralley, F. P. Du
ind L F. Finn of Amity Rebekah
Lodge; Mrs. Patterson (noble grand), of
rnia Rebekah Lodge; Thomas and
McAvoy of Presidio Lodge; Miss
Amy Webb (vice grand i, Mrs. F. Derby
'ling secretary i. Miss Gussie
Hooper (past grand). Miss Mary Sey
mour (past grand i. John Foster, May
Layton, Mrq Diets, Mrs. Price. Mr. and
les, Mrs. G. Meyerdlrks, Miss
Mattie Webb, Harry Rogers, E. Green,
i". Morgan. Charles Derby. .1. F.
:tn and E. Francis of
Oriental Rebekah Lodge.
WHERE SOLDIERS MAY READ.
A Canvas Library Erected at the '
Presidio by the Red Cross.
The reading tent erected at the Presidio
by the Red Cross Society was opened with
I an entertainment last evening. Every Cor
ner of the canvas structure was filled
with the soldiers, and there was enthu
siasm enough for a regiment. They
cheered and shouted at the songs, anec
j dotes and speeches, and it was not until
after tattoo that the audience left the
tent and the men sought their quarters.
The programme was under the direc
tion of the Rev. O. < '. Miller, who is act-
I ing as post chaplain. Those who lent
their aid were Miss Place, Mr?. Baum
garten, Miss McMurray, "Jack" Hines
and Private Reed of the Twenty-fourth
Infantry.
There are over fifteen hundred men at
the Presidio now, and they have had no
place but their own quarters in which ;
to spend their leisure. Rev. Mr. Miller
has been devoting himself to the men
' at the post ever since the Eighth Califor
nia Volunteers, of which be was chap
lain was mustered out. Mrs. A. W. Scott
of the Red Cross Society has also been a
constant visitor at the Presidio, and she
and Mr. Miller conceived the plan of pro
viding the men with a reading tent. Do- j
nations of books were not long in com
ing and the enterprise was successful. ;
Now that the tent has been opened, Mrs.
Scott will be in attendance every day.
Periodicals- will be kept on file, and let
ter stationery will also be furnished all
who are not in a position to buy it. There
will also be entertainments at frequent j
intervals. A fund for the purchase of!
stamps is one of the things the tent
workers want, and also ' comfort bags, :
such as were distributed to the. men dur
ing the early part of the war. Money to i
furnish the place Is another necessity, but
all these things are expected to come in
time. Anything sent to the headquarters j
• of the Red Cross Society for the reading j
i tent will find its way to its destination.
In seventy years the average man
grows a beard 25 feet lonff, hair almost
60 fact lons *nd nalla 23 feet lone.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1899.
HOWARD'S GOLD
WAS A PUZZLE
FOR THE JUDGE
A Big Bail Bluff Was
Quickly Called.
DOUBLE EAGLES GALORE
FIVE HUNDRED YKLLOW BOYS
APPEARED IN COURT.
Fred Foster's Effort to Get Even
Placed Justice Morris in a Di
lemma Over Too Much
Cash.
ALAMEDA, April 27.— Fred Foster, who I
has been prosecuted by A. Howard, the '
racetrack plunger, for the alleged theft
of a pair of horses valued at $15,00>J, :
turned the tables on Howard to-day by
having him arrested on a charge of per- ;
jury. The complaint was sworn to be- '
fore Justice Morris, and the alleged per- i
jury upon whi< h It is based consists of |
the statements made by Howard before
Justice Quinn of Oakland Township on
April 3. when he had a warrant issued
for Foster on a felony charge.
The warrant for Howard was placed in j
the hands of Constable Gray, who served
it in San Francisco late this afternoon.
"What is the bail?" inquired Howard.
"Ten thousand dollars, cash," was the
reply. To the Constable's amazement ;
Howard produced the necessary amount
in $20 gold pieces. Gray hired Kelly, the i
well-known Jockey, to help him carry the i
coin to Alamedd. When the sack was
deposited in Justice Morris' court this '
evening the Judge nearly fell off the |
bench. He thought the Constable was
playing a joke on him, but when he
opened the sack and found it was filled
with the genuine article he began to ap
preciate that he was dealing with a de- I
fendant of some importance.
It suddenly dawned on the Judge that it '
was long after banking hours, and he was
assuming considerable responsibility as
the custodian of so much wealth. James
P. Sweeney, attorney for Howard, ap
peared in court, and at Judge Morris' sug
gestlon readily i onsented to have the !
ball reduced to $1250. With this amount
In his pockets the Judge visited nearly
every store in town that boasted of a
safe and deposited small portions of the
cash until he finally got rid of it all.
Howard's preliminary hearing has not
yet been set.
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA NEWS
Annual Inspection and Sham
Battle of the University Ca
dets Circus Postponed.
BERKELEY, April 27.— The big circus
which was to have been given this after
noon by the college athletes was post
poned "n account of the unfavorable con
dition <>!' the weather and the dampness of
the cinder track. The managers have is
sued new advertisements, Betting the date
for next Monday afternoon at the same
hour. The programme that was planned
for to-day will ! >'i given then.
Th< annual Inspection and sham battle
of the University Corps of Cadets will
occur to-morrow. Extensive preparations
have been made for a military display
which will eclipse all previous affairs of
the kind. In the morning th« entire corps.
consisting of two battalions of four com
panies each, the signal detachment and
bicycle corps will be drawn up upon the
esplanade in front of North ana South
Hall. A careful Inspection in to be made
of each of the 700 cadets in the corps,
their uniforms, arms and accouterments.
The battalions will be dismissal at
noon, assembling again at 2 o'clock. The
first order for the afternoon is a regi
mental parade and review. This will be
followed by battalion drill and competi
tive drill between companies. The troops
are then to withdraw to take up posi
tions for the sham battle. The engage
ment is to consist of an advance by an
attacking force of five companies from
the lower campus toward a position held
by the defense. The defense will retreat
for some distance, taking up a stand on
the upper campus. From here they win
repel the advance until reinforcements
drive them farther up the campus and
they retreat ill disorder.
Lieutenant Colonel Walter IT. Gibbons
will command the regiment during the
review. For the sham battle the attack
will be led by -Major William Ede, the de
fense by Major William Hackley,
Fred <!. Dorety, a member of the junior
class, was to-day elected president of the
Associated Students. Dorety contested
this honor at the polls with two other
candidates, but won out against his near
est rival by a majority of 60 votes.
A DISTINGUISHED GUEST.
OAKLAND, April 27.— Mrs. James A.
Oarfleld, widow of the martyred Presi
dent, was tendered a reception by the
ladies of the Ebell this afternoon at their
clubrooms. Shortly after 2 o'clock Mrs.
Garfield, accompanied by Mrs. Randolph,
a relative, was n;« t at Oak street station
by Mrs. George H. Wheaton. who, after
driving the distinguished guests about
the city, repaired to EbeU's rooms, which
had been artistically decorated.
.Mrs. George H. Wheaton was the host
: tli' occasion and was assisted by
.Mrs. T. L. Barker, Mrs. Franklin
Bangs, Mrs. Samuel Breck, Mrs. T. C.
in, Mrs. Thomas Crelfln, Mrs. F\ M.
Smith, Mrs. John w. Phillips, Mrs.
George W. Percy, Mrs. William Landers.
Mrs. Victor Metcalf, Mrs. Milton Ltulk
ley, Mrs. H. E. Herrick, Mrs. P. E.
Bowles. Mrs. Prentisa Belby. Mrs. Cap
tain John Currier, Mrs. William Goodfel
[OW, Mrs. Robert Watt, Mrs. William
Henshaw, Mrs. George <!•■ Golia, Mrs.
in 11. Watson, Mrs. R. W. Gorrili
and Mrs. Henry C. Taft.
A musical programme was presented
by Mrs. W. O. Cullen, Miss Alice Mf)ffitt
and Harry Thomas. At Its conclusion
tea and .cakes were served. The affair
wa* one of the most fashionable func
tions of the season.
Formal Complaint Filed.
OAKLAND, April 27.— Hugh P. McCann
to-day swore to a complaint in the Police
Court charging Con 11. Townsend with
the murder of his brother, John McCann.
Townsend will be arraigned in court to
morrow. Mrs. McC;um. mother of the
murdered man. is very low and has not
yet been advised of her son's fate.
In the Divorce Courts.
OAKLAND. April 27.— Nettie Huhand
has been granted a divorce from Joseph
M. Huband on the ground of desertion
and will resume her maiden name of Net
tle Doollttlc.
Jennie LycurgUS to-day filed suit for a
divorce from William Lycurgus on the
ground of desertion. The parties were
married January 1. IRB6. and on July l,
18M, defendant deserted his wife and two
children.
Peter <}uent*>rn has answered the di
vorce complaint of his wife, Lydla Guen
tern, denying that he deserted her. There
will be a contest over the custody of the
children.
Frank Enos Perelra has been given
three days' peremptory notice in which
to obey Judge Ellsworth's order direct
ing him to pay $lf> alimony or counsel fees
to his wife, Mary Percira, whom he is
suing for a divorce.
■ ♦ ■
Descendant of the Huguenots.
ALAMEDA, April 27.— Mrs. Margaret
Para dv Luynes Johnstone, a direct de
scendant of the Huguenots, died last
night at her home, 105 i Regent street.
She had been 111 for over two months.
She was the mother of Mrs. Charles D.
Allen, Mrs. A. T. Spotts and Imogene and
Arthur W. Johnstone. Deceased was a
native of Indiana, aged 70 years".
Mrs. Johnstone was one or the few sur
vlvore of a family— the Dv Luynes—
prominently Identified with the colonial
history of this country-
HE PIRATED THE
"HERO OF MANILA"
THERE is probably --auble in
store for the dozen little fellows
that constitute the "Western
Stock Company," and whose am
bition it is to catch stray nickels and
give dramatic performances in com
modious basements. The Western
Stock Company has a full-fledged
self-confessed play pirate In its midst
Melvin Stolks.
in the person of Melvln Stolks, actor
and part owner of the company,
which proposes to produce the fruit
of Stolks' misdoings, "Dewey, the
Hero of Manila."
Stolks' achievement is the wonder
and the glory of the company of
which he is the enterprising head.
"He's got a splendid memory," said
Master Monroe J. Schwalbe, assist
ant stage manager.
"See. it was this way." said the
pirate himself. "I's fellows was all
stuck on Dewey. I went to see the
show at the Alhamhra five times, and
1 knew the lines pretty jsood. Then I
took my uncle, Henry Ijandsberger,
with me. ami he took some of it down
in shorthand. All the actors in the
company went to see the show twice,
and they helped, too. Then we kept
the programmes for the names and
Isaac Harris.
the scenes, and— and— oh, well, I was
stuck cm the play and I have got a
fine memory."
Stolks' version of "Dewey" comes
oft on Saturday next in the
basement of the residence of
Herbert Stein's grandmother. 1950
Rush street. The basement has a
Beating capacity of thirty-five, con
sisting of twenty wooden chain and
three rudely partitioned boxes.
The "actors" spend all their time
;ift<T BChool Sitting tip the theater,
under the direction of Master
Sehwalbe. "You Bee. it is this way."
said Schwalbc "Will Kreling and
me Is the Btage managers; but Will's
mother If nwful strict, and he has got
in takf piano and mandolin lessons,
so I 'tend to all the work. Will's
mother owns the Tlvoll, and she lets
us have the Bcenery for our plays.
Rut its terrible hard work cutting
down the scenes to fit the basement.
We want to play 'Dewey 1 for three
RAPID UPWARD JUMP
IN SILVER VALUES
SMELTER TRUST IS AT THE BOT
TOM OF IT.
Combination Pursuing Its Avowed
Policy of Advancing the Price
of the White Metal.
The Budden upward jump of Bilver in
London and New York has caused no end
of comment in local financial and mining
circles. From the condition of a drug on
tho market for months, the white metal
appears to be assuming some commerlcal
importance, the amount of which no one
at present in the city appears t>> be will
inK to predict. Opinions concerning the
causes leading to the betterment of the
market are lnd< flnite, bui the? one thai
has Rained mo?t ground Is that the
smelter trust recently formed, the Ameri
can Smelting and Refining Company, is
fit the bottom of tlii- advance, carrying:
out its announced policy of raising the
price of the metal 1') per rent from that
ruling at the time of the formation of the
t rusl .
"< Mir advices concerning the rise in
silver," Bald Thomas Brown, cashier of
the Hank of Califonia, "are to the effect
that it is due to the combination known
as the American Smelting ami Refining
Company recently formed in New Vm-k
with a capital 0* $66,000,000. It controls
smelters in Colorado, Utah and Montana,
and appears to have tho situation will in
hand ami rules the mark< t for silver. I
think silver will go higher, but that de
pends entirely upon the demand for it."
T. B. Underbill, secretary of the Selby
Smelting Company, is of a similar
opinion, and dispatches received here late
yesterday afternoon from New York are
to the effect that the advance Is merely
speculative, no Increase in commercial de
mand appearing in any quarter. Mining
men do not appear to think that tin ad
vance means anything over which they
are called upon to rejoice. The white
metal is at present too far in the dumps
for any short spurt like the present to
have a particular effect on its produc
tion. For months silver has ruled around
Mi., in New York, with nobody appearing
to care much one way or the 'other. The
advance came last Friday, wh'-n it went
up half a cent. This was followed the
next day by another advance, bar silver
closing at 61.
Yesterday silver certificates represent
ing 40.000 ounces wrre purchased on the
New York Stock Exchange from 63^4 to
04 4 . the price of commercial bar being
63V 4 . The last time the metal reached G4
cents wan last August.
INDICATIONS POINT
TO A BOGUS SUICIDE
ENGINEEB WILLIS' FIND AT THE
OLYMPIC PIER.
If Mrs. "Tom Boz?Je" is not a myth,
then the chances are that her body is be
ing buffeted about by the breakers out
n«ar the Cliff House.
When Chief Engineer Willis of the
Olympic Salt Water Company went out
on the pier that Juts into the o^ean near
the life-saving station about 9 o'clock yes
weeks, Saturday and Sunday mati
nees only of course. Seats is a
nickel. We paid 10 cents for one
when the gang went to the Alham
bra."
Besides tending to' the casting of
the play Schwalbe will do a "Dutch
turn" at the end of the last act with
his partner, Leo Kutner. The many
annoyances connected with play
pirating Schwalbe hopes to avoid In
the future by inducing the proprietors
of the Western stock to turn their at
tention entirely to vaudeville. "Dewey,
the Hpi-o of Manila." will be cast to
the full extent of the company, which
includes Fred Batkins, Leon Kutner,
Monroe Schwalbe. Howard de Cour
cey, Isaac Harris, Melvin Stolks,
Grover Magnin, Milton Cohn, M. Sills,
Byron Batkins, Horace Seaman,
Mendes Harris and Llllie Blank. Five
more names ar"> to be added to the
list, and the additional ones will al
ternately go to make up the Spanish
army and American navy.
But one maiden has the honor of
belonging to the distinguished com
pany, and she is not a leading lady.
Monroe J. Schwalbe.
Miss Blank will play a very Inferior
part in the production, as the man
agement quotes feminine talent at a
very low figure.
The female roles In "Dewey" have
been intrusted to the tender care of
Fred Batkins and Howard de <\>ur
cey. Batkins is the leading lady of
th>- show. "I play a Spanish girl," ex
plained Batkins, "and as I wear a
shawl over my head I won't even
have to wear a wig."
Master Grover Magnin is to imper
sonate the hero of Manila, and has al
ready secured the blonde mustache
which the buys declare makes his re
semblance to the ereat man perfect.
X'nfortunately for Magnin the play only
permits of Dewey's appearance in the
last act. and so the stage manager
has taxed the youthful actor with two
other small parts — that of a negro in
Fred Batkins.
i
the first act and Captain Cook in the a
second. a
As the desire to see Dewey in the 1
neighborhood of Bush street is most ;?
intense Isaac Harris and Melvin 1
Stolks. proprietors of the Western j
Btock company, confidently expect to X
clear $2 at each performance. \
terday morning he found a woman's black
straw bat, ilotted veil, a pair of shabby
black kid gloves, a tattered white silk
handkerchief, a much-worn purse, three
letters, a photograph and an empty two
ounce bottle labeled "carbolic acid." All
the articles were of the cheapest possible
description, and their total value would
not exceed 10 cents. Mr. Willis took the
articles to the Central police station, and
Detectives Egan and Silva were ordered
to make an Investigation.
The three letters are brief, and there
arc several things in connection with
them that lead to the suspicion that they
are the work of some practical joker. Two
of them are ostensibly from the woman's
husband.
The third letter is signed by the
woman herself, and reads:
April 26. 1599.
To the Public of San Francisco: This is
my last hour on earth, and I beg tn inform
you why I have taken my life. My husband
'If the cause erf it all. He thought that I was
false, hut I've been as faithful aa a wife
could lie. I will take carbolic acid bo that
I will 1* sure that my life will be ended if
I do not drown. I do not leave any one after
me but my dear mother. Mrs. Jones, who re-
Btdei at i2,"i Tehama street. Dear soul. My
faithless husband has deserted me for another
woman. Her name In Miss Bkeeter. I hope
God will have merry on her. as I have lived
hell on earth. Earth has no charms for me.
Break the news very gently to my mother,
as she has heart failure and the blow will
kill h°r. Yours in the hour of death.
MRS. T. Hn/.ZLE.
The last letter was written in back
hand, but the formation of many of the
letters was almost Identical with those
in the first two, and besides all three were
written with ink of the same quality and
color. All three were in one envelope, ad
dressed "Mrs. Tom Bozzle, General De
livery, City," and stamped 8 p. m., April
25. It Is singular that the man should
write to his wife through the general de
livery. Then there is that name "Miss
Skeeter" in the last lettrr that sounds
like a joke. But most suspicious is the
name and address of the alleged suicide's
mother, "Mrs. Jones, 12r> Tehama street."
At that number there is a brewery, and
nobody on the street knows a Mrs. Jones.
In the Divorce Court.
Rose A. Williams has been granted a
divorce from Francis A. Williams, on the
ground of habitual intemperance. Annie
E. Dennis was granted a divorce yester
day from William .1. W. Dennis, on the
ground of cruelty. John Dineley has sued
Mattie Dineley for a divorce, alleging in
fidelity as a cause of cumplaint. George
Helmken asks for a divorce from Helen
Helmken nil the same ground.
Big Bonded Indebtedness.
. The bonded indebtedness of the Oak
land Water Company has been increased
$1,500,000, the bonded Indebtedness of th,>
company now aggregating: $2,500,000. The
certificate of the increase was filed yes
terday by W. J. Dingee, president, and
Andrew Rose, secretary of the corpora
tion.
Hopps-Owen Nuptials.
ALAMEDA, April 27.— The wedding of
Miss Lizzie J. Hopps and "William Owen
was celebrated last night at the home of
the bride's mother, Mrs. Ellen R. Hopps,
IX2O Central avenue. Ray. T. J. Lacey,
rector of Christ Episcopal Church, per
formed the ceremony. Only the imme
diate relatives and intimaU 1 friends of the
contracting parties were present. Mr. and
Mrs. Owen will make a wedding tour of
five or six weeks through Oregon and
Washington, after which they will reside
In AJnmeda. The groom is a member of
the firm of Kre^s & Owen of New Tork
and has charge of the concern's affairs
on the Pacific Coast.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Steamers leave Broadway
fjJSla—^ wharf, San Francisco:
1 mR^M^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
I i^Ew^SSl April 21 - 26, May 1; change at
' PsWSkS «M'= For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i IJBKIiMI C.), Port Townsend, ' Seattle,
Ir^^^^Ei^BK Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
.;. and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m. April 21, 26, May 1,
•nd every fifth day thereafter; change at Seat-
tle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., April
19, 24, 29. May 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gxvlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. April 22. 26, 30, May 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obls<po). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. April 20. 24, 28, May 2. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mer.), 10 a, m.. "th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers. Bailing dates
and hours nf sailing ' .
TIJOKKT OFFICK— 4 New Montgomery
street »Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC * 12 First Class including Berths
milL $8 Second Class and -Meals.
Columbia sails April 23: May 3, 13. 23.
State of California sails April 28; May. 8,
18. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
610 Market street
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE,
NEW STORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARTS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis May SKSt. Loris May 24
Paris May 10 1 Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 St. Paul June 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York »nd Antwerp
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland May 3 Westernland May 24
Frlesland May 10 I Kensington May 31
Southwark May 17 Noordland June 7
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
. • sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <j_ T flTr :>
from Pier 41. North River, foot of "^^ Ear^ a *
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE, May
6: LA CHAMPAGNE. May 13: LA BRETAGXE,
May 20; LA TOURAINE. May 27; LA GAS-
CCGNE, June 3. First-class to Havre, $6." and ;
upward. & per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. 145: 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling
Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO..
Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San
Francisco. - :
! TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at !
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
I of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May 6 !
I HONGKONG MARU Thursday, June 1
I NIPPON MART Tuesday. June 27 !
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For 1
i freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday for
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. tslin. Other Steamers, $30.
Steerage Passage
Rome. 925.n0. Furneosla. $24.50. Other
Strs., 92.'t.n0.
For Book of Tours and information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agents, 7 Bowling Green, New York.
Or J. F. FUGAKI. 5 Montgomery St.,
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery st .
Or R. R. RITCHIE. ! New Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
fM— •— |MB_I The S. S. Australia
ntßilSr salls for Honolulu
• __■■■■■• Thursday, May 4, at
a,v — T^N 2E- S. Moana sails
ft_^L' > s - s - M °flna Mils
rtMrJUnSniO-J v!a Honolulu and
CylUllllJlliy Auckland for Sydney
f01T1199121h Wednesday, May 17,
\«Ni|uuifcq at ]0 p m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
1. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aqts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
BAY AND BIVEB ST^EAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
( Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
i daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOB 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Will be ready for business SATURDAY, April
29. 1599. 9:4.'. a. m. HATCH BROS.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
California
.Limited'
Santa fe Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
t Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday. ' ':\
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
. Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train 19 In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKETITfICE— HI MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Offioe— 2ol J Street,
■ ' San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SauMllto Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *8:00. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, D:l5, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. »9:00. •10:00,- 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, *1:45. *2:30, »4:00, 6:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6:40, 7:55, 8:40. «10:20
a. m. ; 12:30, 2:15. *3:40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, «8:00, •9:45, '10:45, »n:45
a. m.. 1:00. 2:20. •3:30, »5:15. *6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m. . - •• .' ■■■■-. ■ ■ ■ •
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin. .
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50, 7:55. 8:55. 10:36
a. -m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdayn
and Saturday*, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m. 12:08.
1:20. 2.40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way uta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:16 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — and way eta'ns.
1-15 n m. Slimlavt Pt. R.v«« and mv olo'n.
AUCTION SALES.
NEW OAK FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (FRIDAY) * 11 a. m. "
62 ELLIS ST., NEAR MARKET.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELP. 667 Market. __
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
sou Tin: UN lA« IFK (OJirASI.
(rAcino HVs; BBC )
Train* le»v« iiikl im'w <l»«- la nnln at
MAM Klt»NtlS<<».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From April 9, 1899. — arrivi
•0:00 a Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... »8:45 a
7:00 a Uenicia, Siiisun and Sacramento . . 8:45p
":OOa Marysville, OroTtlleaud Redding via
Woodland B:4Sr
7:OOa Klmira, Vacarille and Ituinsey B:4Sr
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6tl3p
8:«Oa Atlantic Kipreßs. Ogrien and Kant.. Bt-13p
»:;i«A San .lose. LlTermore,' Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, I'laoruile,
M«rjß*llle. Chico, Hliilt ■•jI.Ip
«:3Oa •Milton, Oskdale and Honor* 4:15p
«:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merofdand Fresno l»:I3p
I»:OOa Fresno, Itakersljcl.l. Suntii lUrlmra,
Los Angeleg, Dcmiug, El Paso,
New Orleans aud East 6:415 p
!O:O«a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
12:00 m N'Ucb. LiTtrmore, Stockton, bacra-
■ mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vis&lia,
Portervtlle 4:l»p
•1. -OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers *8:00p
4:lMlr Mai-tiner. Han ltmnon, Vallejo,
Napa, < 'ttlintoii.i, Santa 1t05a...... 9:15*
4:UOr lienida, Vacaville. Hucraui(>nta,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
.MarysvlUe, Oro»illo lO:4Sa
4:HOp Niles, San Joae and Stockton 7ilsp
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car fur Raymond 12:18p
O;OOi-The Owl. Fresno, Bakersfield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9:45
«[3: oop Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, Bt.
Lonis, Chicago and East tS:I."S*
5:80p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:15r
8:S0p Martinez, Tracy. Mendota, Fresno,
MojaTe ami l.i.s Angeles 8>43«,
StSOr Bauta To Uoute, Atlantic Express
for Mojave ami East 6:43p
0:O«r European Mull, Ogilrm aud East.... 9:45*
O:«op wards, Nilea and San Jose 7**3*.
•6:O« tr Vallejo 1 8:1 •»
?>OOi> Oregon Sacramento, Marys,
vllle. ItnHiiiK. Portland, l'nget
Sim in. l an. l East 7:45&
1 8: OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions tl»:!l«>»
|10:05p Sunset Limited. Fresno, l.os ■
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East ;i:ISp
SAN LKAKDUO AND lIAYWAIIDS LOCAL.
( Foot of Market Street.)
1 JlelroKP, Si>niin:ujr Park, ( firing
8:OOa Kltrhbnnr, Klmhiirst. tj«».-i3*.
«0:OOa Saii l.eitnilro. Soul I: San t*o:4ri*,
lo.oo* f.eaiidro, KstmlHlo, io:l."J\
>II:»Oa Lorenzo. Cherry \ ':' ! !i**<
t»:«op a ß( | I2:l»p
S'XJII Haynwilii. l *; 12;
" m * i Bnns .through to Nile* '? . j?»
J t From Nllea. (. ?i4sp
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Umge).
( Foot of Market Street.)
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa i
Cruz aud Principal Way Stations {8:03p
8:15 a Newark.CenterTille, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Cruz and W»y
Stations 5i30»
'ailSp Newark, Centerrillo, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Hnulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations '10:30*
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions.... 0:20 a,
64:13p Felton, SanU Cruz and Way Sta-
tfong /U:204
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prom SIN mSOISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00*. M. Jl:00 *2:03 13:00
•4:00 tB:0O *6:00r.M.
rromOAIUIIB— FooI of Bro»-1 war.— 'B:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 '1:00 t2:00 *3:03 i-00 -S.-Sar.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad <l.iujce).
(Third and Towngend SU.) j
*6:I«A South Ban Francisco "6:30p
•7:OOa Kan Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:30*
17:80 a Sunday Excursiou for Han Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations 18:35*
UiOOa Han Jose, Tim Pinos, H-.nitu Cruz,
Pacillo Grove, Paso Hulili'B. B*ll
Luis Ohispo, Guadalupe. Surf and
Principal W»y .Stations 4:l«p
IO:1O* San .lose and Way .Stiitions •»:«««.
I1:3»a Ban Jose ami Way Stations 5:30r
*Bi43p San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, S:»n .lose.
Oilrny, Holllster, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
•'.'■■■'- firovu » ...... MO:3«I*.
•a:»Op Han Jose and Way Stations »»:«04
•*:!*!• San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:15 v
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:30 a
B:30r San Jose an. Principal Way Stations "H-.3.1A
6::«Op8an Jose and Way Stations 7:»Op
tll:!3r Sail Jose and Way Stations 7:: tOp
A for Morning. I 1 for Afternoon.
• Suudavß eicepted. t Sunday only, ( Saturdays only.
only. (-Saturday and Supday.
/Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Firry, Foot o¥ Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.- m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Kxtra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. i-,; 1:30. 3:34,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SA.N FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:68, 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:45..
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, S:OSJ
6:25 p. m. 1
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
game schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. ,
. April 16, 1 •
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week I
Days. days. Destination, j days. Days. j
■7:30 am 8:00 am 1 Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 an»
8:30 pm 9:30 am! Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pra; 5:00 pin Santa Rosa. 7:25 pm 6:20 pa*
Fulton, j
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 ana
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 prs]
7:30 am j Hopland and | 10:25 aij
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pn»
7:30 am 30:25 an»
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 ptq
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ana
and ! 1
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, j 6:05 pm 6:20 pat
7:80 ami 8:00 am Sebastopol. . 10:40 am|lo:2s an»
1:30 pm 5:00 pm| I 7:35 pm| 0:23 pen
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White. Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggg
Bpring-s; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
.Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle.
Booneville, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Kavarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
We«tport. Usal, 'Wlllltts, Layton\ille, Cunw
mtng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka. - •
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets a^
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*,
H. C. "WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gea. Pass. AfenW
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIM
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. I Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. jExcptd Exc'ptd Dally.
I 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:15 pm 6:60 pm
9:10 am! 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm .
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm ■
11:38 am; 7:45 pm Hanford 7:4? am 1:45 pn\
2:25 pm'l2:."o am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm! 8:61 «m Tulare ' 5:50 ami 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
! Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
street. San Francisco. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1893.
. WEEK DAYS. -9:30 a. m. and -:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. S. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. :.nd 1:45. 2:3»
and 4 p. m.
• Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return. Jl 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Acts.. 621 Market st.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARSY ST. Established
In 1554 tor the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
1 disease wearing 011 body and mind and
Skin Dlseasesjl'hedoctorcureswhsrt
others falL Try him. Charges low;
rnrnenarniitred. Callorwrir*
»»-. J. I 1- uIBBOK, Box 1957. Sac Franchca
910
THROWN INTO
THE STREET AND
FATALLY HURT
"Con" McCarty Dies
in the Hospital.
HIS SKULL WAS FRACTURED
THE POLICE SEARCHING FOR
HIS ASSAILANTS.
Found Lying in Front of a Saloon
With His Head Cut and Blood
Flowing From His
Ears.
Cornelius McCarty, an old man who
lived lif>d In lhe Re "
ceivlnK Hospital yesterday afternoon
from Injui ■ d b> being thrown
! Market street Wed
t In. M< ("arty was in the Ba
loon drinking with several
when a di ■ ' t tio payment
for tho drinks.
The old man grew vociferous in his de
nuncl ( the straimt-rs and
challenged him to tight. He was ordered
b> thi er to leave the place and
on his refusal he was promptly seised
by two men, who are yet unknown to
the police, and thrown into the street.
As he fell his head struck against the
curbing "f the sidewalk, causing a frac
the skull
: the Southern Sta
tion bbw the man lying In the street, and
uding that he was Beriously hurt he
had him co to 1 . ■ Iving Hos
pital. McCarty «a> bleeding from the
-. emed to be fatally Injured.
After the man was cared for, he was
taken into the male ward, where he died,
irtlv after his body had been r.-
moved Richard Garvey, who has an of
fice in the Parrott building:, visited the
hospital and informed the doctor in
a he was n witness to the
irr< nee.
"1 was walking along Market street on;
the south side," he explained, "and when 1
In front of the saloon where the trouble
I saw tWO lrif-n seize Mc-
Carty and throw him into the street. He
■ his back, his head striking against
■ the sidewalk. Blood Ini
mediately poured from his ears, and as I
was satisned that he was seriously In
e eral bystandei
call a policeman. Just then an officer ap
had the Injured man re-
Ing Hospital. While
patrol wagon some men
who were evidently determined in mis
the police declared that the aged
victim had accidentally injured himself.
As 1 had witnessed the brutal assault on
the old man, and thinking that the au
thorities might believe that he had fallen
down and w its thus injured. 1 concluded
I what I had seen In the hope That
the perpetrators of the brutal deed would
be broughi
a rd with th.* surgeon \
on duty, after te.ling him that he would
gladly testify at the inquest if bis evi
needi d.
bartender and proprietor of the sa
both emphatically deny that Mr
lhrown Into the Btreet. They
declare that he was under the influence
uor, and a? he started to leave he
fell down, his head striking against the
aJk.
Captain Spillane has detailed two of his
best m^n to make a thorough investiga
tion Into the death of Met 'arty. They are
l-M>kiiiK for the men with whom he ha<s
tmuhle. hut up to a late hour last nighi
they had i:ot mie. .-.^.k-.i in tlndlng them
BALDWIN MUST OBEY.
Fence Around the Ruins of the Hotel
Must Be Removed From the
Sidewalk.
Thl Board of
[•visors m.-t yesterday and consid
m i: J. Baldwin tv
allow the fence around the ruin- of the
to remain wh.-re it now
Is. He presented a paper numerously
by merchants on the opposite side
f Market street fr.»m the ruins, which
1 that the fence was not
I by them an injury to their
Th< r was Informed that the
was ordered moved ba<k from the
alk to the building line by the
■ of Supei i he will have to
this order, as the matter Is no longer
i ommittee.
The matter ■ .. Icatlon of the
Market-street Railway Company for per
mission to ■ . means of electricity
alone Sixth. Taylor and
re tli.- commlt
tlon \\;is deferred for one week
in. «■• an opinion from the City
and i torney as to whether the
"i "I poles for trolley wir.-s on
■ t would In any way affect the
enl Geary-street franchise upon its
,■- > .
The committee reported favorably upon
rdinance prohibiting the
Bprinkllng paved with l.ltumen.
FINED FOR CONTEMPT.
Charles H. Holbrook Lost His Tem
per in Court One Hundred Dol
lars' Worth.
Charles 11. I [olbrook was brought before
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday morning to shjw cause why he
Bhould not be punished for contempt. It
was shown thai on the day before while
Attorney George i.uk . b was under cross
examination before Master in Chanoery
Heacoek, I lull. mi. Interrupted the wit
ness by rising to his leet, shaking his fist
at him and exclaiming in a loud and ax
gressive manner, "I won't stand any man
stating a lie about me like that. [won't
stand it. It's a lie - him, and he
knows it. It's a lie, and you know
it. < nini- out of doors, you lvinir
cur." "
C. A. Shurtleff, attorney for Holbrook
claimed his excitable client had asked
him to apologize to the court and to Mr
L-ukens. Holbrook offered to apologize
to the court and did co, but refused for a
time to apologize to Mr. Lukena He
finally consented to do so, and the matter
might have ended there, but John A
Wright, attorney m the opposite side
demanded that the court certify to Mr'
Holbrook'a language and report him for
contempt.
This was done and Judge Morrow "fined
Mr. Holbrook JlOo, which that gentleman
paid without comment. ercniieman
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
0 A Kersey, Ryde ,\V I) Nelson & m cal
A W Stuart, Ryde C C Lee St Paul
A C Morrison, Cal |E Q Tolns. Utah
Mrs C Btalmann, L'tahiE h Gaylor, St Louis
Miss P Btalmann. Utah j \v stonner & w Cai
Miss M Stalmann, Utah U \v Skinner Cal'
Mrs E C Ellenbecker, It n Weil, Bacto
I'tah It Krause & w Ariz
E X Gayler. St Louis G Peyser. Seattle
W B •'antwell. Tulare H H Blair Hacto
J D MeGilvry. Cal .! X 1' Beaton Chicago
F H Green, Cal V Uucto, Stockton .
J Berryman, Cu.l <• \V Willtami s Jose
V.) Brandon, B Jose ,<: C Hampton c a i
<; X Williams, Cal .1 Goldman, Merced
1 k Hutchlnson, Cal W A MoGulre, BCru
E V Kelly, Fresno D J Houghton, Cal
A .1 Mozart, Mojave C M Flower, Cal
C G Tanner, Fresno A E Bennett, Cal
F M Eldridg-e & w, \V c Waters, '' v i
Rochester I) W Burchard, Cal
E Ryan & w, Chicago Mr & Mrs Spots wood
0 D Simpson, L Ang Santa Rosa
1, A Phelpß, I. Ang |J Quenaii Nsv
.1 F Condon, Nev i: C Bartlett. Tucson
H W Nells & w. Nev H A Ofirden, Sonora
Miss F Canfield, I. Ang: Mr & Mrs J F Dolan,
J Carroll. Seattle . Stockton
j D Kelsey, 8 Jose I
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL..
C Arnott, Wash Mrs A .1 Brize. Ariz
C B Scott. Japan H May, Wash
P Joyce, Oakdale Mrs R Hoppley, Wash
I, >; Sherman, Cal jW F McLane & \v,
S F Buchanan, Sacto I Seattle
Mrs J I- Dixon. S Jose 0 Stuart & w, Pa
C R White, Sonora (; P Dleher, Pomona
A P Kline, Seattle B Stein & w, Stockton
I T Shaw &w, Cal | .
■
PALACE HOTEL.
W C, French & w, N Y'W C Toomy & w. Minn
\V Campbell A w, N V W H Llewelyn, N V
C I' Braslaw & w, Cal S H Piles, Seattle
A Haselton N V IJ V Farrell, Seattle
Mrs D S Ctme Cat |l> W Campboll. Portld
Qll MorrlH &• w, Mass I H White, Portland
R A Parker & fin, t'M W L Tharp & w, Cal
C X Lufkin. Ohio Mrs Humphreys. N V
J F Eckbert, Pa i' A PeaiiaU, N V
1 H Moon, Chicago II E Bothln, Cal
J Kaiser, Mazatluu Mrs M Harvey, Cal
J Speyer, New York G B Cramer. N V
W < 'w.n & w. Alameda I L Requa. Piedmont
H li Cook, Chicago J A Cisco & w, N V
J Hartley .<- w. Lt= Ang N T Smith. Ban Carlos
C F Irons, X I O E Nevar, Paso Rbls
Miss Irnns. HI CO Hnrt"ii & W, Colo
Mrs Kuesell. R I iMn= L G Schantz. N V
.1 Le Moyne. Pa H F Uilly. Oakland
Miss A Le Moyne, Pa II Welnst.-ok. Pucto
J Kruttschnltt. Cal G P..lK', Michigan
C E Green, San Mateo Miss II 'I Pope, Mich
T F Douty, San Maleu Mrs H Cranston, Colo
X M Rogers, Colo T Dracho, Mexico
J A Church, N V L Dra..hu, Mexico
L a Oaborn, Ptttaburg
PAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
*87 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1541 Mission street; open until 10 o'cloclf.
£261 Market street, corner kUteenin; open
until 9 o'clock.
ICS Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
Js£6 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
ttreets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. .j.
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- 'op
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS rj
i FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. U
All fraters are cordially invited. ▼
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection ***
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- A
DAY) EVENING, April 28, at 8 o'clock. /Wi
D. 9. GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. «J35»
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ■
M.— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at A.
7:30 o'clock. 3 I>. Master Masons or- m. lf
dlally Invited. By order of the W. M. /^T >
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
IRISH Nationalists attention.—T hirtieth m
annual picnic and reunion will be held _V_
on SUNDAY, April 30, at Shell Mound _Vf^
Park. Berkeley, under the auspices of
the Knights of the Red Branch.
THE COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS.
ANNUAL meeting— regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at the \
office of the company, 327 Market st., San i
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 9lh day I
of May, 1899, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of eelctlng a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the '
transaction of such other business as may I
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April 28. 1899. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary. j
Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of .June. A. D. 1899, at eleven o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of ]
business of said Company, at the building '
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company, I
number 327 Market st.. in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that i
the object of said meeting is to consider and i
act upon the proposition that said Company '
create a bonded indebtedness of two million '
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,600,000 00), In '
United States gold coin, for the purpose of j
raising money tp complete the construction !
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to j
■ecure the bonded Indebtedness bo proposed '
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam '
and Falling ships and all other property of j
tald Company now owned or hereafter to be i
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the i
Oceanic Steamship Company. L
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com- j
piny. j
SPECIAL NOTICES.
To the property owners on Potrero aye. and
the City Street Improvement Company— it
is claimed that agents of the City Street Im-
provement Company are soliciting signatures
to a contract for street work on aforesaid ave-
nue, between Seventeenth and Twenty-fifth
BtS., with my name signed thereto, this Is to
give notice no such contract exists with my
signature attached thereto; and if any one is
now presenting a contract for street work on
said avenue between Seventeenth and Twenty-
I fifth bts., with my signature attached thereto,
they are misrepresenting the fact.
JOHN CENTER.
San Francisco, April 27. 1899.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st., S. F.. Cal., has re-
ceived the following orphans and half-or-
phans girls from Jan. 1 to April 1, 1899: Dor-
othy Edye, 8 years: Susan Connolly. 3 years;
Rose Connolly, 2 years; Frances L. Dawson, 8
years: Helen G. Dawson. 6 years: Annie F.
' Peoples, 10 years; Mary F. Peoples, 2 years; j
Grace E. McKewen. 5 years; Marietta E. Me- !
Kewen, 3 years: Georgia A. Smith. 11 years; I
Laura Custer, 11 years; Edna A. Anthony, 9
I years; Myrtle Corrlgan, 11 year's: Lillian E.
I Powers, 7 years: Theresa M. Bowtwell, 10
1 years; Maud M. Manny. 6 years.
i ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up; i
; painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
i BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41.' Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. £520.
j ■ ■
| DIVIDEND NOTICES.
j dTvTDENI) NOrTcE^lJividend^No. 92~Tflfty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after '
. TUESDAY, May 2. 1899. Transfer books will j
close on Wednesday. April 26, 1599, at 3
I o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT 01 » ICES.
'"lIINF.SK and Japanese help; established 20
years: tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay. j
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
GERMAN woman; good cook and houseworker; j
city or country; ref. Mrs. Norton, 313 Sutter.
YOUNG woman with a child; good cook; strong
and willing; wages no object. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG German woman wishes work by day;
■ any kind of work. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter
NEAT young German girl desires situation,
assist housework or nurse, $10 to Sl"> per
month; sleep home. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
GERMAN, first-class cook, also Scandinavian
couk. ! years' references, wish situations.
Bee -i F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
! RELIABLE woman wants situation as house-
keeper; is good bread and butter maker. Ad-
i dress L. E., 522 Stockton st. : city or country.
NEAT reliable young girl to do light house-
work; sleep home; one who Is willing. Ad-
dress" for 2 days, box 198, Call.
WANTED, by a competent German woman,
the care of a house, In absence of family;
reference. Box 190, Call.
WANTED— By a young woman, a place as
cook and plain washing. Please call at 217
Second st.
NURSE and housekeeper; thoroughly under-
stands her business; well recommended. 633
Stevenson st.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable woman to
do general housework; no Jewish family need
apply; wages $17 to $18. Address 316 Minna.
BRIGHT, intelligent young lady, experienced
In klndergartening, wishes position as gov-
erness. Call or address 1747 Mission st.,r. 5.
COMPETENT cook and laundress wishes sit-
uation in city as cook and downstairs work.
113 Ninth st.
WOMAN with a child wishes work to do;
housework; city or country. Call 1773 Market.
GIRL wishes situation; housework, cooking; no
cards. i2?.i Market st.
GIRL wants situation to do general house-
work or cooking. 2202 Pine st.
GIRL winhes to assist with housework; wages
$10. Address S. M-, 3010 Mission st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day.
Address 132 Sixth at.
SITUATION wanted as • housekeeper; city or
country- 11l Fourth st.
RESPECTABLE young Scandinavian widow,
i with 2 children, wishes position as house-
keeper; country preferred. 7274 Natoma St.,
bet Eighth and Ninth.
SITUATION wanted— Light housework or care
of children, by a capable woman; city or
; country. Inquire at 1204 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wants position to do housework.
142 Eighth st.
: YOUNG Swiss woman with experience wishes
; a place for cooking: wages $25. Call 1213
Bush st, between Larkln and Hyde.
YOUNG girl residing with parents would like
I position in tending store; salary no object. 74
Ninth st. ' ■ ■
LAUNDRESS, first-class, wishes work 2 days
In the week. Call at 312 Van Ness aye.
REFINED, capable nurse wishes place with
i Infant or child; fin* sewing. Box 107, Call.
- ■ ■
THE SA]N ±KAJN<JI«CU CALL, 11UDAY, AJfKIL. 28, 1899.
SITUATIONS WASTED- Continued.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes any
kind of work by the day; $1 per day and car
fare. Call for 3 days at 517 Bush st.
YOUNG girl (Swedish) wishes to, do second and
seamstress work; references; no postals.
Please call at 241 Fell st. ' __^
RELIABLE woman wishes a position as work-
ing housekeeper; competent to take full
charge. Box 297, Call office..
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
i?et; i'oo rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A WEEK'S news for s. cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALM.
SITUATION wanted by first-class pastry cook.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacra-
mento st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Erap. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 5«.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st. ; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424..
SITUATION wanted ! by young man about
place; Indoor or outdoor work; good horse-
man; best city references. HENRY ANDER-
SON, 219 Kearny. St.
DURING evening a Japanese desires to work
as a waiter or washing dishes for his board
and lodging: wages no object. Address box
183. Call office.
YOUNG man 24 desires position as bookkeeper
or assistant: ! years' experience; references; |
salary moderate. Address box 12, Call
branch office, 387 Hayes st.
BRIGHT, wideawake young man wishes em-
ployment; good and reliable worker. Box
191. Call.
JAPANESE good boy, speaks English well,
wishes position as schoolboy or housework In
small family. H.K., 1808 Polk st.
WANTS work; carpenter (Belgian); good bench
hand and cabinet-maker; good reference. 2010
Leavenworth st.
YOUNG man with a year at bartering wants
steady place in good shop. Address box 112,
Call office.
AN honest Japanese boy wants position to do
housework in family. Address HIGASHI, 703
Larkin st.
FIREMAN would like a stationary Job; first-
class recommendations. Box 196, Call office.
MAN wants work In grocery store as clerk, or
can act as barkeeper. Box 111, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French cook  for restaurant,
steady man. with references, wants position
In city or country; understands any style or I
short orders; wages moderate. Call or ad-
dress 211H Polk st.
MARRIED couple wish situations private
place; man generally useful; wife anything '
but cooking. Box 171 Call.
CHINESE boy. first-class family cook, wants i
situation; small washing, cooking; city, coun- !
try. Call W. S. K. COOK & CO., 6ir>Vi Du-
pont St.. room 29.
GOOD cook wants situation, hotel, restaurant
or boarding house; country. Apply 312 Van
Ness aye. j
BOY IS living with parents would like to learn
some good trade. Address box 173, Call.
YOI'NG man familiar with machinery desires
employment. Address box 181, Call.
GENTLEMAN having resided many years In
Paris and Rome desires to give lessons In
both languages; reasonable. Box 168, Call.
GOOD bookkeeper wants position; one who un- I
derstands his business; will work as assist-
ant; salary no object; good reference. Box
101, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gents' garment cutter, using 3
systems. Is open for engagement; No. 1 East- '
crn references given. Address L. T. MUTH, j
38-40 Cordova St., Vancouver, B. C.
WANTED— An honest, ambitious young man
of ability desires position In store, office or
wholesale house; good references. Address
P. H. 8., 781 Mission st.
I FIRST-CLASS upholsterer with a good knowl-
edge of the undertaking business wishes a
i situation In the country or city. Box So, Call, j
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
I WANTED— 2 waitresses, nice country hotel,
fare advanced, $20; assistant matron for a
boarding school, a lady with some under-
standing of music preferred, $25; cook for
I small institution In city, $30; and others. W.
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
HOUSEWORK. Sausalito, $25; Belvedere, $25; I
San Rafael, $25; Alameda, $25; Sausalito, $15;
Berkeley, $20; Healdsburg, $20; San Mateo,
$15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Suiter st. i
TWO extra waitresses for Sunday, country,
fare paid both ways. MISS CULLEN, 325 ,
Sutter st. , .
NURSE girl, 1 child 2% years old, $25 per !
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light housework, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
3 REFINED German second girls, $20 and $25
per month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, Santa Barbara County, |
$15 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 GIRLS, same house, chamberwork and wait-
ing, $15 each. MISS CULLEN, 326 Suiter St. ,
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
2 head waitresses, $22 60 and $25, city and
country; 2 waitresses, country hotel, $20, fare
paid, call early; 4 waitresses, different coun-
try hotels, $20; 6 waitresses, city, arm and
tray, $20: 7 chambermaids to wait, for city,
$20; woman cook, few boarders, $25.
FAMILY ORDERS
cook and laundress, $30, see lady here 9:30;
look and laundress, country, email family,
$25, fare one way; 6 Swedish and German
cooks and housegirls, $20 and $23; 2 Irish
houseglrls, $25: and many young girls to
assist, $15 to $20. C. K. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
, WANTED— German girl for housework, 4 in
family, for Alameda, $25; Protestant second
girl, $20; 2 German and French second girls,
$20; Protestant nurse, $20; cook, country
boarding house, $30; laundress, $30; chamber-
maid and waitress, country hotel, $20; 8 wait-
resses, springs, $20; . French nurse, $25; 40
girls for cooking and housework, city and
country, $20 and $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
; 816 Sutter st.
WANTED— l waitress and 1 chambermaid,
both .-a in** nice country hotel, to go to-day,
$20 each, call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO.
316 Sutter St.
COOK, Llvermore; good wages; see party here
[ at 10 o'clock. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
I INSTITUTION cook, $30; boarding house cook
$30; 3 cooks, private family, $25. MRS. NOR-
TON, 813 Sutter St.
IRISH housegir], $25; Irish cook, $25, German
Htyle; 6 houseglrls, country, $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutler st.
YOUNG girl to assist, $12; houseglrl, $15, 2 In
family. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SO YOUNG girls for cooking; also some first-
lass ranch cooks, girls to assist cooks and
waitresses for country resorts. MISS DIL-
LON, 315 Sutter St., phone Main 804.
GIRL for chamber work and waiting, plain
country hotel, $20, fare paid; ranch cooks,
etc. MURRAY <& READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; Ameri-
can family; wages $25. Apply 631 Larkin st.
GERMAN cr Scandinavian girl for general
housework; must be good cook and laundress;
2 in family and 2 children; $25. Call after a
at 233 Third aye., between Clement and Cali-
fornia sts. ; take Geary or Sutter-st. cars.
COMPETENT cook for family of 6; German
cooking; small washing; wages $25. Apply
1286 O'Farrell st., from 9 to 12 a. m.
FOUR young women (college graduates pre-
ferred); munificent salary if we want you
Call let. 9 and 10 a. m., 417 Mason st.
YOUNG German ' girl for upstairs and assist
with children. Apply mornings at 1004 Paru
St., Morton station Alameda.
WANTED— GirI to mind baby, assist light
housework: sleep home; $5. Call after 1 p. m.,
210 Grove st.
YOUNG or middle-aged woman, light house-
work for good home; no children or washing.
78A Howard St.
'OPERATORS on shirts wanted: inexperienced-
hands taught. 410& Mission St., top floor.
GIRL for general housework. 13 Pearl st.,
near Market and Thirteenth.
REFINED umbered lady, under 25, as
model; willing to leave city. Box 169, Call.
DRESSMAKERS — First-class skirtmakers.
BOWHAY, 616 Sutter st.
GIRL to mind children; wages $6. 2 Sophie
terrace, off Pine St.. near Stockton.
OPERATORS on overshirts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36U. Fremont st.
II ELI' WANTED — MALE.
WANTED
Coachman for private place near
city, references . required, $30 per month and
found; driver for milk route in city, $30 and
found; general utility man for institution,
must be handy with tools, $25-$3O per month
and found; young man about institution in
city, $15 and found: shingle sawyer, near city,
$40; pondman for mill near city, $26 and board;
farmers, near city, $20 to $26
Milkers, near city ....$25 and $30
• Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, woodchoppers,
tiemakers and others; kitchen hand for coun-
try restaurant, $20 per month, board and
room and fare paid. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay tt. '
WANTED— Man about 35 years of age as sales-
man In milk and butter depot; $25 per month
and found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WAITER, country hotel, $40. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny at.
■
HELP WANTED— Continued.
C. R. HANSEN~X^6Trn7rrTphone^rant ISS
Free Fare Coast Road Free Fare
6 concrete mixers $2 a day
20 4-horse teamsters for the front, $25 and
board.'
13 2-horse teamsters for the front, $22 and
board.
Laborers and teamsters, Valley road.
10 tunnelmen and miners, railroad work.
2 railroad blacksmiths Free fare
MISCELLANEOUS
Blacksmith, ranch, <53; harness-maker,
ranch, $30 and found; carriage trimmer; car-
. riage painter; - 5 farmers, $25; milker, $25;
laborers for a quarry, $1 a day and board.
2 porters, • country hotels, $20; fry cook, $40;
cook, country hotel, $55; 'night scrubber, $25;
night porter and run a dynamo, summer re-
sort, $25; kitchen help; bellboy, $10, and oth-
ers. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— A drummer; only those who have
been salesmen for a wholesale grocery and
provision house need apply; $75. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Carpenters for San Mateo and Alamedo coun-
ties; trimmer for carriage works. $3 day; man
and wife, no objection to children; 2 camp
blacksmiths, $60, and $43 and found; tunnel-
men for railroad, long Job; private family'
man, Napa County, $25 and found; gardener,
$2.'. and found; buggy washer, $35 and found;
blacksmith and run harvester; farm hands,
$26 and found; milkers, $25 and $50; edger-
man, sawmill company, $2 75 day; stablemen,
country, $30 and found; teamsters, laborers,
woodchoppers and tlemakers.
FOR HOTELS
rooks, city and country; cook, email restau-
ant, $8 week: waiters, $23 and found; run-
ner for lodging-house: dishwashers, etc.
MURRAY & HEADY, 634-636 Clay st.
j WANTED— 2 carriage painters, $2 50 day; 3
tailors for country, piece work; 2 camp black-
smiths; 10 farmers, $20; laborers and team-
sters for railroad work; 2 sheepherders, $20
and $25; choreboy, $10; laborers, $1 75 day.
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
MILKER, country. $20 per month and found.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Gutter st.
MAN and wife, country, $30. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st.
: YOUNG man with some experience in letter
: cutting and die sinking; one with talent for
drawing preferred; steady employment. Ap-
ply at glass works, Seventh and Townsend.
$10 WEEK to start; young man as partner in
genteel outdoor work with horse and buggy;
must have $150. Box 403, San Rafael, Cal.
WANTED lmplement and vehicle salesman;
give age, references and salary expected. Ad-
dress box 197, Call office.
BARBER; steady; Saturday evening and Sun-
day. 1317 Dupont st. ; call to-day or to-mor-
row early.
YOUNG men on salary and commission: 8 to
9 a. m., 4 to 6 p. m. R. RALPH, 511 Mont-
gomery st.
! 2 GOOD barbers wanted; steady place. 131
j Third st.
: 2 BARBERS wanted for Saturday; good wages.
797 Mission st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 504
Valencia st.
GOOD barber for Saturday. S3lO Sacramento
street.
TWO barbers wanted. 217 Fourth st.
TAILOR and bushelman wanted; steady job.
Apply 347 Third st.
' WANTED— 2O teamsters and laborers at
Devisadero and Broadway.
WANTED- Rough hands on wagon painting.
NESS & KRENZ, 128 Spear St.
COOK wanted; short orders. 7 Ninth St.,
OWENS & STARR'S lunch place.
MAN to run saloon day time; must have cash
security. 1940 Market st.
WANTED— Steady man with small capital: In-
door business. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Mkt.
DISHWASHER wanted. 125 Seventh st.
i
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 106 Second st.
WANTED— A lunch waiter at 314 Clay st.
BARBER wants to rent furnished barber shop
or .work for reasonable wages. Address 427
Golden Gate aye.
BARBER shop and laundry for sale; bargain.
Apply STOLTZ. 620 Market st.
YOUNG men (non-union) for coasting vessels;
good wages guaranteed. HERMAN'S, 26
Steuart fit.
WANTED— Wheelwright understanding wood-
working machinery. Call or address box 93,
; or apply W. BEMENT, Redwood.
BOY 12 or 13 years old for errands and to help
, • in drug store. Address, giving age. name and
j residence, box 184. Call office.
WANTED— men to occupy rooms; 10c per
! night, 60c to $1 per wk. 106 New Montgomery.
CARPENTERS for Mare Island. A. DAHL-
BERG, 318 Bush st, from 9 to 12 a. m.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma- !
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 33
years, who are citizens of the United States, |
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good ]
character and habits and able to speak, read j
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 inch in height. For fur-
! ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st . San Francisco, Cal.
LADIES' tailors wanted for the country: good
wages to first-class men. Apply STEIN,
SIMON & CO., Market and Second sts. *
WANTED Able-bodied men; age 16 to 60: sol-
diers preferred; send 10c for particulars.
CAPT. HALL, box 1160 New Orleans, La.
TAILORS— First-class tailors. BOWHAT, 516
Sutter st.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys
Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
: slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st,
bet. Ist and 2d ats. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. -m.
WANTED Cutter on ladles' cloaks. Address
box 262. Call office.
I JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Emplymt.
Bureau. 1125 Market st. W. J. .brideshaw, Sec.
Get your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
I 50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
150 MEN to take best single room, 15c night; $1
week; "France House," 149 3d St., and "Oak-
land House," 664>.2 Howard st; reading room.
WANTED— for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 2oc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast. Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 60c; $1 to $3 per week.
I MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 138^ Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 60 wk. Elcho House, 8C3',4 Market st.
WANTED* To collect wages due laborers and
Clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
lor a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
i A GENERAL agent— "Life of Admiral Dew~-
ey" and "America's New Possessions"; su-
perbly illustrated; sample, 25c, stamps or
coin; catalogue free. F. TENNYSON NKELY.
114 Fifth aye.. New York. ,- ■
" PARTNERS WANTED.
; LADY wants working partner with some cas:i.
in good paying business: security for rash
invested. Address M. E. 8., 626% I st, Sac-
ramento, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a partner in fair
paying saloon; terms reasonable. Box 110,
Call office.
PARTNER wanted— A gentleman with. $2000
and some experience as clerk or bookkeeper
can secure rood investment on application
at Call business office.
WANTED— partner hotel business;
must be a man of standing. Box W-lb6, Call.
HOUSES -WANTED.
CASH buyer would like modern house of 2
flats in Western Addition or Hayes Valley;
not to exceed $4000. Address Buyer, box 172,
Call office. '
ROOMS WANTED.
1 OR 2 furnished rooms, suitable light house-
keeping; private family: neighborhood Mason,
Powell. Green. Union. Filbert Box 166, Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
J. C. MOTHER, 632 Market st., paysHhighest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
AVANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED at : once— Large safe; will pay cash;
also some fixtures suitable for jewelry store.
Call 14 Fifth st. - -•■ .
LAUNCH, 26 to 30 ft, wltti or without engine:
must be cheap. H. 8. WHITE, 516 Mission.
PERSONALS. _____
■ . ■ : —
W.—l want to see you. '
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons "and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero
St., near Twenty-fifth; Guerrero-st. cars.
LADY wishes good family with no children to
take boy 8 years old to board. Box 309, Call.
FRED SEIBERT of SanFranclsco— Please -"rite
' home, 470 Tehama st. MOTHER.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes, $2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 (one weekly); $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.) ; $20 (4 \v. »
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
G. LEDERER, leading Hairdresser; price 25c;
• switches. $1; hair rolls, 35c; Quintonica Hair
Tonic, 35c; Foamo Shampoo, sc. 123 Stockton.
G. LEDERER has the most artistic hairdress-
ers on the coast; imports the latest Parisian
coiffures and still charges but 25c; longest
hair rolls, Sic. 123 Stockton st.
MASON, 16-18, The New Perini Restaurant-
French or American dinner, 50c; lunch, 25c;
private rooms for ladies.
U. Z. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 488 Haight.
RELIABLE legal advice free; any case civil
or criminal, bankruptcy, divorces, collection,
etc; open evenings. Address or call AN-
CHOR. 653 Clay st.
T. BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI. 313 Sutter st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2326 Mission St., near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller In the world: gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
. 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought.
Bold; tel. Mint 997. JACOB 3. 1023 Fol»om »t.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
MRS. S. SIEP. psychometrlst: 11 to 6; 50c;
circles evenings except Sat., 10c. 1724 Market.
MISS YON BERG, of 228 Taylor, moved to 204
Ellis (The Clifford), rooms 49 and 60.
SUITS to order $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO.. 1814 Market St.; open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st , bet. 7th and Bth.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 831
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
WANTED— OId gold and diver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell at.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y. TAILORING Co., 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no in-
jection ;guantd. Dr. Gordln, 6l4 Pine, ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts, $1; plain sewing; bindings put
on skirts. 2Sc. 910 Pine »t.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader;, medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-day, 2 p. m.
and S p. m. ; articles read; 10c. 120 Sixth st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
S p. m., 25c. 409 Leaven worth st.
| MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 3 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
A— MRS. DR. P. CLARK,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO,
AT 1023?. MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
\
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
; with the one you love no failure, remove in-
fluence, bad habits; will give correct informa-
tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces, ab-
\ sent friends, etc.
| N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
i mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms,
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
V)2V. Market street, San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary st., be-
tween Powell and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
power Is acknowledged by press and public to
Ibe of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power. Her
parlors are thronged by anxious people looking
for important information, and every reply is
most gratifying: all are pleased. Without a
question she tells each caller their name and
for what they came. She gives advice on busi-
ness, speculation, lawsuits, old estates, love,
courtship and marriage— evervth.ng. The un-
fortunate and troubled should seek her counsel
and start aright. Positively no attention paid
to letter unless $1 accompanies. 9 a. m. to
8:30 p. m.
RETURNED— Mme. Arndt, the great clairvoy-
ant, tells past and future; has never failed;
has the seven seals, the greatest Egyptian
secret of the world; shows pictures of future
husband and wife; gives lucky numbers, ad-
vice in speculations on all affairs, tips on
races; satisfaction guaranteed; prices 25c up;
dally and Sunday. 342 Third St., near Folsom.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing: ladies, 60c; gents, $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card • reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153 M: sth, r. 21.
j MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
' and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS A. FAURE, card reader and palmist. 406
Kearny St., r. 34; French and German spoken.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St.. rooms 1 and 2.
MIPS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
, Ing- 17 Grant aye., parlor 6.
MISS HAY. returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post st.. room 6.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis st., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. HAYS returned: card reader and mag-
netlst. 207 Powell St.. rooms 5 and 6.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
• advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
IB pages. In wrapper, for maillnir. $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger.
main?. 616, Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2f,21: reading by mall, $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Hush
st; 15 years' experience; references given.
LOST.
LOST— leather -wallet containing money and
bank certificate and other papers not valu-
. able but to owner; finder will please return
. to GEO. W. BARCHARD and claim reward.
36 Sixth St., San Francisco.
LOST— watch. No. 95,001. Finder please
return to CALEY & ROEDER, 1 Grant aye.
Liberal reward.
COLLIE bitch, color orange-white. Return to
HARRY CORBETT. Liberal reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARGARET EDNA ELIZABETH
. WARD, No. 115-171. The finder will please re-
- turn to bank. •
FOUND. — — ~— ~_
CAME to premises at the "Bungalow," Ocean
House road, below Ingleside, a dark chestnut
mare; black mane and tall; owner call, prove
property and pay charges. ..•■.•
PHYSICIANS. ~~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence
1021% Market st, bet. 6th and 7th. .
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^liob^SALOO^Tdoing a rushing business and
elegantly fitted up; opposite the ferries build-
ing; rent $100; 3 years' lease; a splendid loca-
tion and an Al paying place. Call R. G.
AVILKE, 906 Marketjst :
A— S225O- CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
" gt ■ established many years; doing llrst-clasa
paving business; living rooms: dally receipts.
S3U- large stock; lease; a genuine good chance.
R. G. WILKE, 90ti Market st^
A^s3oo, BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor
with 4 living rooms; rent $32 50; average dally
receipts $15; choicest location on Sutter st.
WILKE, 906 Market st., room 6.
A— s6oo- RESTAURANT; best business location
In this city; rent $25; established years: aver-
age daily receipts $25; good prices; best class
customers. R. G. WILKE. t>o6 Market st.
A-$450- DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Larkin st. ; doing a splendid pay-
Ing business; rooms; rent low; owners bought
country hotel. R. G. WILKE, 906_Mark ,-t st.
A— s4ooo; MECHANICS' hotel, close to iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
last 6 years; clearing above $30u per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good-paying l.ar. etc.;
new 5 years' lease; always 200 or more steady
boarders; investigate at or.cc; a genuine bar-
gain. Call R. G. WILKE, rm. S. 906 Market.
A— s2so: BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms; choicest location in the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. Q. WILKE. rm. 8. 906 Market.
$500— HOTEL, near the city; good paying busi-
ness; this is a rare chance for the right
party. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
$550— PARTNER wanted In manufacturing
business; will be required to deliver goods
and collect. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Mkt.
$550— SALOON on Market st. ; bargain on ac-
count of departure. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market at.
FOR sale— The choicest ever offered In country
hotel property ; the Farmers' Exchange Ho-
tel in* Livermore, opposite depot; 2-story
hotel, cottage, stables and outhouses; lot
160x150; water and gas all through the hotel;
elegant barroom; furniture In splendid con-
dition; present owner for 25 years; old aga
and ill health cause of sale. Apply to BIEBE
BROS. & PLAGEKANN, SH Sansome st., or
at hotel, for further information.
DELICACY store; must sell this day: great
bargain. COWING & CO.. 995 Market St.
RESTAURANT; bargain this day account sick-
ness; Investigate. COWING A CO., W6 Mkt.
$350— OYSTER and coffee house; best block of
Sixth st.; business of $15 daily; private
rooms; cheap rent. HEALY & HIMMEL. »17
Market St.
$400— OLD established dairy produce . stand;
doing fine business; all Jlrst-cia;-'
horse and wagon, rent $15. JONES & CO.,
SGS Market st.
$500— PARTNER in mechanical business;
$2.", a week; no experienoe required; must be
reliable. Western Invest' mt* Co., « Geai
BARBER shop for sale cheap; 1 revolving
chairs. Apply 119 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS grocery anl bar very cheap,
$1000; a fine and cheap saloon, near Market,
$1200. GERMAN-AMERHAN. ?,4 Kearny .-t.
A— IF you want to be shown the best bai
ever offered on saloon In San Francisco
call B. TI. GOULD & CO., 6.'!2 Market st.
GROCERY, bar and cigar st r
for 9 years and S months; rent $40; owner kept
this place for 7 years; lease expires January !
1, r.id9. NE. corner Geary and Leavenwortrl
WANTED— Good party, well acquainted
merchants, to take hold of the best adver-
tising scheme on the market: bit? money In it.
Address at once box is:'. Call office.
$300— SPECIAL to-day; best paying restaurant
In Oakland. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broudway.
Oakland.
1136 Partner In coffee saloon, to take charge;
dining room or kitchen. 62"> Montgomery tt
12000— CIGAR store; day trade. Apply 227 Bat-
tery st.
RESTAURANT and cbophouse; north side of
Market st.; doing good business; will stand
investigation. Address box IJ>3. Call office.
$600 — AN old-established market; present owner
there 10 years. Box 174, Call office.
FiR sale — Carpenter shop with a well-estab-
lished traue. Apply at 609 Octavia st.
$ofje- <;o< iD-PAY/NG saloon; easy terms: part
cash, balance payment?. Call to-day at 124 4th.
FOR sale— First-class saloon. W. A. SULLI-
VAN. 21G Sixth st.
PARTNER Is wanted in a newly established
saloon business in a good locality, and who
is familiar with the handling of wines. Ad-
dress box 432, Call office; investigate.
BAKERY— Good location; store trade; cheap
for cash; sickness; must go East at once. A.
B. W., 302 Fourth St., upstairs.
GROCERY, wood, coal, hay and feed business;
whole or separate. NE. cor. Valley & !>•
FINE corner saloon, nicely fitted; doing a good
business; on very easy terms on account of
going East. 1001 Larkin st.
SHOE shop that will clear $90 per month; good
prices; low rent; mußt sell. 332 Bush st.
BUTCHER shop and fixtures cheap. 1302 Stelner
St.. corner Eddy.
$150— SALOON, stock and fixtures; good stand;
living rooms. Inquire at 650 Sacramento st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant and saloon;
reasonable; :>elling account sickness; good
location; good trade. Southeast corner Broad-
way and Front st.
AN old-estab. tailoring business; machines, 630
yds. cloth, trimmings, etc.; doing $500 per
mo. ; going to Europe. John Redley, 340 Third.
COFFEK an.l tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento at.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this j
office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALES.
26- ROOM corner house; clears $150 $Sfifl j
24 rooms on one floor: near Call Office 900
15 rooms; good transient trade 350
14 rooms; on O'Farrell st 350 i
17-room house; large yard; downtown 400
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for larger house 600
14-room house on Van Ness aye 350
fil-room house; clears $300; payments...
64-room house; clears $300
17 rooms; on Sixth Ft 4."0 |
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp sth.
A— KREDO & CO 22V- Geary st.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL BOUSES.
$22"— Elegant 6-room flat; new carpets, por-
tieres, etc.
$300—9 roomF, elegantly furnished; full of
paying roomers.
$15C0— 18 rooms;, very swell boarding; ele-
gant dining room.
For complete list. 6 rooms to fM, call.
LODGING houses— l 6 rooms, $250: 36 rooms,
$500; 28 rooms. $800; ?S rooms, $1500; 1011 other
bargains. NAT. AGENCY, 783' i Market at.
$300— FURNISHED flat, 8 rooms: bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$900—25 ROOMS; always occupied; furniture
good order: compulsory sale; returning to
France. 331^4 Bush st.
SACRAMENTO, 64f-Lodßing-hous<T 15 well-
furnlshed rooms; rent $40.
FURNITURE FOR^ALET
FURNITURE of 3-room flat, in good order.
Cheap. 517 Franklin st.
NEW furniture for sale of 4 rooms and bath-
a snap on rent. R27 Post St.
4 ROOMS furnishnd in oak for $4S 50, with No.
r range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market!
FOR SALti— MISt'ELLANLdI S.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand .machinery Mc^
INTOSH ft WOLPMAN, 136-197 Fremont st.
OFFICE desk and chairs, cheap. LASSEN
636 Market at.
120— CAUSE departure; nearly new Domestic
sewing machine; cost S.V.. 704 Pine st.
ONE camping wagon; also one B-can milk wa-
gon: stiff pole. 2727 Mission st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap f^nTboard out
half. 1681 Market st., MRS. GREER
FOR sale—Desirable lot in Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Box 182. Call office.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures: now and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
NATIONAL cash register and fire-proof safe
lor sale cheap at 42 Main st.
BARGAIN— 3 H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
_ a 2 I 3 iOSt m ' w ■"'•'■ EPSTEIN, MS Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
516 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN ft BURKE, 129 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases. shelvinK mirror 3,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Misskn st.
111. KEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
_j>age; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 51. Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, JttO; -'. $125; ;
3, $150; $4. $175 SMITH CO., - r >27 Mission st. \
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only), $15; will ;
fit phono or graphophone. Bacieralupi, 933 Mkt..
SAFES— Bargain? in new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer. White cheap,
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, -ented: »e-
-*airing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st
DENTISTS.
DIL T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors, """"~*
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $3 We guarantee to nil sensitive teeth
without pain. Best ' materials used only.
7 NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
. perior to rubber; crown and bridge work; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5- crowns, $2 59; fillings, 50c; all work
painless' and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 21 Sixth st __^_
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st cor 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$:; 50 up; plates, extractions free $4 i.O up, of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 P-^.; Sunday 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by Ids wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $-: bri'lps, *4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 1.. years.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors ; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason st., corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction
gtiarantd N. Y. Dentist. M.< Mission. cor. 6th.
EXPERT OPTICIANS __
GEO. MAYERLE, Expert Optician;
Charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071% Market st. S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings. t
MEDICAL.
ASSURE, safe and speedy cure for all femala
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, $5; no instruments
used- satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12. 2
to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
to; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, fr.'e, before going else-
where, MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet-
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 3 and 7 to 8
p.m.; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladies; are never failing and safe, rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
sy Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy in the world; Imported from Paris; take
nothing else from druggists, but Insist on
genuine; In red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., drug-
gists, 211 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO..
druggists, NYV. cor, 4th and Howard, agents.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical
science for female troubles, from whatever
caused, which saves great trouble and misery
every woman her own physician, always and
at any time, no matter how long standing:
travelers helped at once; absolutely safe;
cure, $5; always restores in one day and pre-
vents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free. The well-known, celebrated specialist
and ladies' physician, practiced for 37 years,
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 122S Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st, between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 6 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause: Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never failß to
. cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1022% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gats
aye.— Private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adooted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-7G6 Clay st, San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to S
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
st. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MASSAGE given by nurse. ROGERS, 1520
Geary st. Hours, 9 to 6.
PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs. ;
1540% Howard. Mrs. M. Wledemann.i midwife.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason St.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for %i
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way, Oakland.
A FEW special bargains from $140 ujj.
Weber; used 6 months.
Chickeing; good as new.
Knabe; a bargain.
Emerson; fine condition."
Sterling; mahogany case.
Vose; walnut case.
$6 monthly payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. J. CURTAZ 8 SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
JUST arrived— upright pianos: sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of th»
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT upright Steinway for sale; reason-
able. 32". Larkin St.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up:
rents. $2 up (allowed en sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
r" A DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms, 1710 Market.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
v Popt st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, II
McAllister st., next Hibernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. -
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 paces, Bent to any address In tha
1 United States or Canada one year for $1.
1 T"^«tnp-c paid.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 41' Eighth st. telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend- to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth st: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st: cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. v-»umea_ HOUSES TO LET. _^
CORNER hoime. 7 room and bath. Twenty-sec-
,v,i and Bartlett sts.; rent cheap.
JACKSON^ UTS, near Jones— House. 7 rooms.
bath; fine place: grand view.
v\\ n a , 343. between Fourth :m& Fifth— 6-room
j \, iuse; repJipered and painted.
tcy'n rent department goes to your home; get
printed I.st of houses from BALDWIN &
HO WELL. 10 Montgomery st.
XWOirooms:! closet*! water; rent $5. 2?2& Na-
. st . near Fourth.
USE of S rooTii?: newly papered: large
water free. Hickory aye., near Gough;
u.i-ery, southeast cor. Gough and Fell.
II K.MSIiEU Hi>l SES TO LET.
}-• c-jsHED house to let— Eight large sunny
 ■ -; modern improvements; large yard.
A;.W V m premises. 655 Guerrero st.
v. M J and bath; well furnished; to rent for
I i h.s only; vr.l ?42 50. Call 2612 California,
COTTAGES TO LET;
FOLSOM, CO"*- Cottage, 7 rooms, bath; large
yard; rent $20.
SUNNY cottages, » *nJ 5 • ■ ms, basement; also
flat of 6 room*, bath; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth
nT, near Dolores.
4 ; ROOMS and .Mth. 4 Metcalfe place, bet. Ma-
1-vn anrt 1 ■ : ' - r. ■■:* Geary.
FLATS to LET.
\N HfVi" ; "- room flat : sunny side; bath;
Key "ISA Bush st. ; 8 to 2p. m.
OARTI :TT, 225— 510; 4 rooms and bath, un-
furnisheil: range connecting with hot water.
qj WXOS, -"-. south of Frederick — Modern
flat; 5 rooms; bath: cheap.
CLEMENTINA, 707, corner Eighth- Sunny
■ k..;::i« room; bath and laundry; $7.
VI'I.KTKLY furnished 7-room flat; very de-
rable location; reasonable to desirable par-
• •-: references required. Box 104, Call.
C VSTRO. 4:>\ nenr 17th and Market— New mod-
ern sunny 'Icible upper flat; stable; cheap.
ELEVENTH, 120— 1. l»nj flat, 5 nicely fur-
l vhed r"oms: modern conveniences: landlord
s-.'ir.g away for summer; must have secur-
ity; rent $20.
FIFTEENTH aye.. l«30. South San Francisco—
Newly renovated flats of 4, ." rooms: rent $S.
' iLSOM, S7O, near Fifth — Complete sunny
housekeeping rooms; double or single; rent
: ■ -.;'.
GEARY, 2157— Handsomely furnished flat, 6
rooms; bath; piano; sunny; modern; reason-
. • le
HAVES, SS7H. near Fillmore— Nice clean sunny
flat. 3 rooms and bath; $9.
KEARNY; 331. near Pine — Furnished rooms.
suitable fur housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, 1010. near California— Flat
of 3 large sunny rooms; entire floor.
:.')VELY 6-room flat; sun all day; Bush Ter-
race. Key 7KA Bush st. .
LOWER f.at. 4 romr.s. bath; large yard; rent
$12. 3075 Twenty-fourth St., near Folsom.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of fiats from BALDWIN &
HOW ELL, 10 Monxgomery st.
PIXTH. 34— Nicely furnished sunny suite;
complete for housekeeping; $3 50 per reek.
BUNNY 5-room flat, $13; healthiest part cf
town. 3 Pine place, oft Pine «t.. near Mason.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4U7J, near Castro— Upper
tunny 5 rooms; $15.
E97 Noe St.. corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms- $17.
$l!-THREE sunny rooms; large yard. 214^
Eleventh st.
$15— MODERN sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath.
2064 Twenty-second St.. near Bryant.
:'.4— FLAT; double parlors, dining-room and
•- kitchen. 41 Hermann, junc. Market-Valencia.
$13— UPPER flat: 4 sunny rooms. 1632 Army St.,
b»t. Valencia and Guerrero.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AN unfurnished flat of 3 rooms, Ist floor;
range; yard; or a large room with dressing
room: hot and cold water: finest part of
Halght ft. Box 442, Call office.
CLAY, 1723, near Van Ness aye. — 3 rooms for
housekeeping, partly furnished or unfurnished.
EDDY, SOj — Large front furnished housekeep-
ing room; private family; rent reasonable.
EDDY. 917— Fine sunny housekeeping rooms;
tplendid location; large garden; no children.
ERIE. 47. bet. 13th and 14th— 3 clean sunny con-
venient rooms; garden; rent $13.
FIFTH. 322-2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; st^ve; closet; bath; pri. : $10.
FIFTEENTH. 213«, near Market, north— s un-
furnished sunny housekeeping rooms, cottage
floor; no others: stable optional.
FIRST. 2S— 2 front fumUhed moms and kitchen,
suitable for light housekeeping. $12 per month.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 334— Parlor floor; 4 com-
plete housekeeping rooms: for several adults; |
also basement storage, bath, etc.; pn. 'am.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1410— Finely furnished
floor; every convenience; sun; bath; yard.
GROVE. 104. cor. Polk— Several neatly fumshd.
hkpg. rms.: renovated: incandescent lights.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Desirable
sunny housekeeping rooms for 2; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rccms. kitchen, gas. bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD. 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent very' reasonable.
HOWARD, 1324— Sunny back rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
LEAVENWORTH, Sll— 4-room flat; bath; no
children; furnished. $17; unfurnished, $14.
MARKET, 102*. opp. Fifth— Large sunny front
room and kitchen; folding bed: closet; $12.
MARKET, 1724—2 large complete housekeeping
rooms to neat couple; private family.
MINNA, MS, near Sixth— Furnished rooms, m-
plete for housekeeping; large yard.
MINNA, CS5— I^arge sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent very cheap.
MISSION, 1125%; near Seventh— Front room j
and kitchen; good cooksto\e; cheap.
NATOMA, 64."i— 2 large sunny rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping, $11; upstairs.
NINTH, 20—2 sunny connecting rooms, $10; 1
bay-window, $S; single. $6; stove; water; gas.
NINTHj 21— Sunny mite of rooms, furnished for
light housekeeping; running water; stove.
OCTAVIA. So3— Nice tunny furnished floor of i
rooms and kitchen; bath. gas. yard; reasonbl.
POWELL, 143-3 furnished houses rooms;
bot and cold water bath attached.
POWELL, ?02. near Sacramento — sunny
housekeeping rooms; complete; bath; reas.
POWELL. 1401 — Large sunny bay-window
room, with or without kitchen; single.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— 4 pleasant sunny rooms;
handsomely furnished; together or single;
housekeeping if desired; modern; clean; fine ,
location.
BIXTH, 216 V. —Sunny housekeeping rooms, run-
ning water; also beautiful front rooms; rear
tIXTH, 42')— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also parlor lite; bath; quiet house.
STEVENSON. C 42, between Seventh and Eighth
—2 furnished sunny front rooms; light house-
• keeping if desired; bath; central.
THIRTEENTH, 405. corner of Valencia— Nicely
furnished front suite of rooniti for housekpg.
TWENTY-I>IXTkT3367. near Mission— 2 large
front connecting furnished housekeeping
rooms; running water; $10.
VAN NESS aye., 400—3 well furnished sunny
rooms; corner; regular kitchen; front and
back garden; reasonable.
ZOE. 31. near Third and ■.: -Furnished j
housekeeping rooms; cheap.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
Funny rooms; en suite or single ; first-class
In : every reppect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator; i
__ ' ro&rns - 6Oc t0 ÜBO day. MRS. J. KING.
A— THE WALDORF. 24 Firth St.— New; sunny
'"'■'•'■■ central^location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton. i42— Sunny front rooms; suites"
single; facing plaza; day or month. ' '
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old 7^r.~ 1364)-Fur-
iilhlud rooms, suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. 421. nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms
with gas and stationary washstand; $1 up. '
HUSH, 610. near Powell— Sunny suite, use of
kitchen: also single jrocims.
HUSH, 1124— Elegant room, running water
bath, best in city. $10^ _____'-
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
. ur:,lf lied sunny rooms: .price* reasonable.
ELLIS. 321— Rosedale House- Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er end better than any •■■■"^' In the city.
ELLIS 897, nr. Hyile— Hr.ite cl mint rooms for
light housekeeping. J2J: al?o 2 Ingle, $6, $7.
< ; EARY, IIA. opposite Call building -Single
k room; running water; $1 50 per week.
GEARY, 556— Sunny front and back parlor; first
floor; piano; phone; others for light housekpg.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 402—3 sunny rooms, fur-
niibed or unfur.: range; gas; water; cheap.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
AND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
tingle: elevator, moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— select tamtly
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter— Opened under
rew management Ap. 1: elegant sunny suites;
single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HYDE. 111S— Furnished rooms; with or without
board.
JESSIE, 1314—3 sunny rooms; yard; rent $S.
KEARNY. !M, K3— Newly turn, sunny rooms
from $1 60 up; also light hkpg rtns. ; transient.
LEAVENWORTH. 109 — 2 sunny furnished
rooms ; double and single; reasonable.
MINNA, 172, near Third— Two front bay-win-
dow rooms.
OFARRELL, — Sunny furnished rooms; els-
vator; electric lights: lay week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able.
OAK, "85 — Large furnished front room for 1 or
I 2; gas; bath; private family; cheap.
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; room per night. 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wit. ; baths.
SECOND. HA— Nicely furnished front 'suite;
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTH. 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
it nd suites: also housekeeping.
SEVENTH. 17S— Sunny furnished front room.
$1 per week; also large housekeeping room.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
j SILVER, ISO — Nicely furnished sunny front
room; German people.
SOUTH PARK. 159 Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable: private family; board opt'l.
TAYLOR, 129. bet. Turk and Eddy— Cleanly
i furnished rooms; also others for housekeeping.
| THIRD, 25. nr. Market— Sunniest rooms In San
Fran.; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURK, 424, and 102 Taylor— Desirable sunny
' rooms; also 1 corner bay-window room for 2.
VAN NESS aye. 813—1 or more, furnished or
not: c : up; bath, gas, etc.; desirable. - • •;■
I HOARDING AMI ROOMS.
CALlFORNL\7lOTr^ : TlTe~l3i^h^irn^ •.;?crnia
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.: home comfts.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HILL, 12's — Large Bunny front bay-window
room; also 2 others; board reasonable; private.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms: good
home king; single, $25: double, $20,
O'FARRELL, 824— Elegant large furnished
rooms and suite, with or without board.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
FUltes and single rooms; excellent board.
BUTTER, 1121 Lowly homer sunny rooms;
overlooking garden: home cooking.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant, 44-5.5-6S Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners. 25c; also a la carte; tel Red 2951.
LOMBARDI'B French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 48 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market.: nonu'nr prices.
CHILDRE. BOARDED.
GOOD home for children. $8; Infants, $10 per
mo. 110 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st
STORES TO L*£T.
GEARY. 417, near Mason— Half of store to let.
Inquire at candy store. _____
TO let or lease, as a whole or In part, store
building 60x64, with concrete basement Ti^x
72; Halght. near Fillmore. Inquire 913 Fell.
TO let— Barber shop and dwelling; last party
Just left for the East; rent low. Apply at
li>os Fifteenth st.
STORE. Twenty-second and Castro: new build-
ing: fixtures for groceries and saloon. Key
at 1254 Mission st. ._
STORE fixtures, showcases, suitable for branch
bakery, notions; 4 living rooms; cheap. 2S4S
Folsom -;
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL. 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
POWELL 143 Furnished office; good loca-
tion; occupied by doctor for 7 years.
ATTORNEYS Al LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn: mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; privte;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of. Partnership— C. C, Sees.
2466, 2468.
We hereby certify that we constitute a
partnership, transacting business in the State
of California, under the firm name and style
of W. a. BOOLE & SON; that the principal,
place of business of said firm Is in the City
and County of San Francisco, California;
that the names in full of all the members
of such partnership and their places of resi-
dence are as follows: WILLIAM AUGUSTUS
BOOLE, residing at Ross Valley, Marin
County. Cal. ; WILLIAM AUGUSTUS BOOLE
JR., residing at Ross Valley, Marin County,
Cal
Witness our hands this 10th day of April,
IS&9. W. A. BOOLE.
W. A. BOOLE JR.
j State of California, City and County of. San
Francisco
On this 11th day of April. In the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, be-
fore me, H. C. DROGER. a Notary Public
in and tor the City and County of San Fran-
cisco. State of California, personally ap-
peared W. A. BOOLE and W. A. BOOLE JR.,
known to me to be the persona whose names
are subscribed to the within instrument, and
acknowledged that they executed the same, j
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal the day an 1
year In this certificate first above written.
[Notarial Seal.] H. C. DROGER,
Notary Public In and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
I. WILLIAM A. DEANS), County Clerk of
the City and County of San Francisco, State
of California, and ex-officio Clerk of the Su-
perior Court, In and for said city and County,
hereby certify the foregoing to be a full. true
and correct copy of the original certificate
of Partnership of W. A. BOOLE & SON.
filed in my office on the 11th day of April,
A. D. ISM.
Attest my hand and the seal of said court
this 11th day of April. A. D. 1599.
I [Clerk's Seal.] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
i By P. M. McOASHIN, Deputy Clerk.
NOTICE.'
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
ISS9, the Bakerefleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed Its application In writing
In the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
Cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary '■
dissolution of the Bakersflel.i and Los An- i
geles Railway Company, which said petition i
and application stated that at a meeting of i
the stockholders of said company on the 13th !
day of April. 1599. called Tor the purpose of
passing upon the question. it was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all th» stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged.
Wherefore, It was ordered by the said Su- :
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as i
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap- j
plication by publication In eomo newspaper !
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any Interest in
the matter of said application or desiring to '
oppose the granting of the same are here- :
by notified to fl!« in my office, on or before
the 22d day of May, 1839, any and all objec- !
tions which they may have to the granting of >
said petition.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and 'the official seal of said court this
the 17th day of April, 1899.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE.
County Clerk and ex-Offldo Clerk of the I
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and cx-Offlcio Deputy I
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco
April 14, 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section D of order 1593 of the Board i
of Supervisors, approved September 15, 1880 i
alFo in accordance with an act of the Stato
Legislature. Approved March 16, 1572, there
will be Bold at public auction by K. S. Spear
& Co.. at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
ft., on MONDAY. May 15. 1899, at 10 o'clock
a. m.. sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police forca
of San Francisco, as detailed In an Inventory i
thereof on Pie In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of i
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing, ,
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of sale.
I. J. TRUMAN, City and County Treasurer. I
■ ■ .-• . , - ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APBIL 28, 1899.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
NEW MODERN CORNER FLATS-
BIG BARGAINS.
PRICE $4SOO.
RENTS $540 PER YEAR.
Flats contain 5 and 8 rooms each, with every
known modern convenience contained In a
new building; street bitumlnized; terms to |
suit purchaser. Apply to F. NELSON, corner j
Twentieth and Castro sta.
: $860— 'LARGE lot, 44:6x103:6, level, fenced- 1
block from 2 car lines; positive bargain; no
humbug. Owner, 21 Powell St., rooms 1 and 2.
! SELECT your own lot and we will buy it for
you, build to suit you and sell on easy terms;
*10 to 81 per cent cash, balance rental pay-
ments. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
$295—25x100; Nebraska st., bet. Nineteenth
and Twentieth; $30 cash, balance $8 per
month.
2 LOTS on Twenty-second st.. rear York: 25x
100 each; $2850. PHILBRICK, SO9 Shotwell st.
TWO flats. Twenty-first st., bet. Folsom and
Harrison; lot 25x100; also adjoining lot 25x
100; all for $5600. PHILBRICK. SOS Shotwell.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nos. 128 and. 130;
to be (-old subject to confirmation by court.
Send bids to G. W. HAIGHT. 220 Sansome st.
IF you have lets that you wish to sell north
cf the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
i $500—75x100: HOUSE. 3 rooms find barn, at Col-
ma. C. C. FISHER. 624 Market st.
$100 CASH, $25 mo.- $IPOO-52400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
'•I. block from cars. 624 Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
COUNTRY lit.U ESTATE.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars Of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 addiess THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St., S. F.
FOR rent or sale— Roadside house; 2 acres land,
stock, furniture and fixtures; Mission road,
bet. Six and Seven Mile House. C. C. FISH-
ER, 624 Market St., room 3.
FOR sale— Lovely home, 15 miles from Oak-
land, of 14 acres; 6 in orchard; 2 in vineyard:
good well and windmill: house of 6 rooms and
bath and other Outbuildings; very cheap at
$2800. Address MRS. M. E. DALY. Walnut
Creek. Contra Costa County.
• FARM for sale— 7s acres good valley land; 13
I acres timber and pasture; good buildings;
spring water at house: 4 miles south of St.
Helena, I 1? miles west of Rutherford: will
sell at a low price Inquire at place. JOHN
J. BUCK, St. Helena P. O. «
WANTED— For cash: ranches from I to ICOO
acres. DECKER, 1020 Market st:
CASH, about $2SOO, will pay for house and lot,
6or 7 rooms. W.. box 267, Call office.
FRUIT, grain and : :ock farms.
W. D. Hoi.com & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwool. Shasta County. Cal.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tare and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-69. Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market, j
LOA^JS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak- I
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without !
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOON'AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
: ANY mount at 6% per cent on real estate. 2d i
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro- ;
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de- j
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
, IF requiring money ascertain our rates; circu-
lar mailed to address. Gould, 131 Montgomery.
, HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 545 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
1 ANY amount by private party on 'urniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 180 Powell St.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
! IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
l mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER, 25 Battery st.
MONEY to loan— Real estate. 2d mortg.. chat-
tel?, etc. Harper & KrelKer.Bl2 Examiner big.
HORSES.
For sale — 100 head of mare?" and geldings;
broke and unbroke; 4 to 8 years old; weigh-
ing from 1100 to 1860 pounds; Belgian stock;
solid collars. At the Canty Ranch, Gray-
son. Cal.
] STYLISH standard bred dark bay pacing mare;
price $250; also standard bred blood bay trot-
[ ting mare. $1.'O: both sound, young (under 5)
and extra speedy. Can be seen at 347 Fre-
mont St.; pedigree and trial given.
: 40 HORSES for tale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
til Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams: all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE St
MENDENHALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GOOD hand-made buggy for sale cheap. 814
Mission -•
3-SEATKI 1 carriage for family or country ho-
| tel; canopy top; good as new. 1130U Howard.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom Ht.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
;
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$6500— GOOD country hotel in Alameda County;
pays well and good reason for selling; a
genuine bargain: terms half cash and balance
7 per cent Interest; 6 dally trains. ALDEN
CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrappers for mailing. $1 per year.
! ' — — —
HOKSI S TO EXCHANGE. 1 -;
SOUND horse, 5 years old, suitable for dairy:
worth $40; will trade for 4 young heifer
calves. C. F. , Call office. Oakland.
! OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Sch*llhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA. ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
j.ooo— LOT 50x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
S — Lot 30x150: with 7-room cottage; near
ttatlon and High School; easy terms.
$2600 — Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3200— 43x135; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the ■
main avenues; near station; $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur- j
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let in Jill parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1423 Park St.. Alameda.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT
BOOM FOR MANY MORE. / :
4. S, 6, 7-room cottages, near schools and
Ftations; from $1000 to $3500; easy Installments;
Just like paying rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station. Alameda, and 630 Market
St., San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days.
$1700— SEE this; parties leaving town; five (5)
room cottage, all furnished, Including piano;
lot 40x100; house and lot cost $2600
W. C. MO RAN.
Lorln, Cni.
AJ.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. l IjNIvE. 1416 Bth St.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEOASS TRACT. -—-.—-.
, 10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet in depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwlght way station.
Cheapest choice property In Alameda County
h ■;• :..- . •*'.: JOS. J. MASON,
: Berkeley Station.
$4100— sale; In Berkeley; central business
property now paying 10 per cent; will a' ways
improve. Address P. O. box 8, Lorln.
MUST be sold within a week; 12 60-foot lots;
beautifully situated near the hills; no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON. Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms for Bale or exchange; all
new and modern; polished floors: a big bar-
gain. Call or address 2137 Dwlght way.
■ ■ ■ -v. ■:,.. ■: • ■■• ••■■.••■.
FROfOiiALg. /y,
PROPOSALS
For Hospital and Almshouse.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1899.
In accordance with resolution No. 2630
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors, on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
May 8.. 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for fur-
! nishing subsistence to the patients and
employes in and supplies for the City and
County Hospital and Almshouse from
July 1, 1899, to June 30, 1900, the estimated
yearly amounts being as follows:
iEstimat'd] Denom.
Articles Required.- 1 Quantity !
I Required. | Per.
' CLASS 1.
BEEF YEARLY.
Beef — Fresh, first
quality American
steer, in not less
than one-half car-
casses, consisting
of fore and hind
quarters, to be de-
livered in such
quantities and at '* v. ■
such times for the
Hospital and Aims-
house as required
three days in each
week; estimated
amount per day,
1000 lbs 310,000 lbs Perlb
CLASS 2.
MUTTON.
1 Mutton— Fresh, first
quality wether, In
not less than
whole carcasses, to
be delivered in such
quantities and at
such times for the
Hospital and Aims-
house as required
three days in each
week; estimated
i amount per day,
1000 lbs 112,500 lbs Perlb
CLASS 3.
FISH, YEARLY.
! Fish— Fresh, cleaned
and scaled, best in
market, and In such
varieties as may be
ordered, Salmon,
Sea Bass, Herring
or Smelt in season 48,100 lbs Per
I
CLASS 4.
COAL OIL.
Coal Oil— lso degrees
test 2,040 gals Per gal
CLASS 5.
FLOUR. YEARLY.
Wheat, Cali-
fornia, Best Roller 420,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
CLASS 6.
COFFEE, YEARLY.
Coffee — Guatemala
fresh roasted, first
quality I 18,000 lbs Per
CLASS 7.
VEGETABLES.
YEARLY.
I Beets— Best in mar-
| ket 2,500 lbs Per 100 lbs
i Beans— Small white,
! No. 1, first quality. 7,250 lbs PerlOOlbs
Cabbage — Best in
market 18,000 lbs i Per 100 lbs
Carrots — Best In
market 6,000 lbs Per 100
; Onions — Red or
i While, Dry, Best
in market 8,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Potatoes — Burbank,
Salinas or Oregon,
best in market 369,000 lbs Per IQO lbs
Turnips — Best in r
market 6,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
CLASS S.
i CORN MEAL. ETC.
YEARLY.
Corn Meal — Yellow
or White, fresh
ground, new, best
In market 22,000 lbs Perlb
Oat Meal — Fresh
ground, best in
market ' 28,000 lbs Perlb
Cracked Wheat — j
Best in market ! 28,000 lbs IPer
! Hominy — Best in
market 500 lbs Perlb
CLASS 9.
TEA, SUGAR AND
SYRUP.
YEARLY.
Sugar— Extra C 33.600 lbs Perlb
Sugar — Granulated,
Best White 32,500 lbs Perlb
Sugar — Powdered,
Best White 325 tbs Perlb
Syrup — Golden Cali-
fornia Refinery I,ooo gals Per gal
Tea — Japan, Dia-
mond (L) or equal-
ly as good 8,500 lbs Per Jb
CLASS 10.
PROVISIONS.
YEARLY.
Bacon— Best Califor-
nia Cured Sides 2,700 lbs Perlb
Butter — Fresh, first
quality. California.. 11,700 lbs Perlb
Cheese— First qual-
ity, California l,loolbs Perlb
Codfish— Whole, Best
California, in bales 6,500 lbs Per rb
Eggs— Fresh Califor-
nia (candled) i 16,300 doz Per doz
Ham— First quality.
Best California, Su-
gar Cured 4,200 lbs Perlb
Lard— Fresh Califor-
nia 3,000 lbs Pertb
Mackerel — Eastern,
No. 1, best, in kits 82 kits Per kit
CLASS 11.
GROCERIES.
YEARLY.
Cornstarch — Kings-
ford or Duryeas.
best quality 975 lbs Perlb
Currants— Zante, first
quality I 450 lbs Perlb
Fruits — Dried, Cali-
fornia, quartered
Apples and . sun-
dried Peaches 600 lbs 'Per tb
Fruit— Assort-
ed, in 2% lb cans — 18 c's Per case
Currant, best
in market (10 dozen
1 lb tins) 14 doz Per doz
Macaroni— No. 2 700 lbs i Perlb
Mustard — Whole or
ground, first qual-
ity fresh Califor-
nia 2301bs Perlb
Pearl Barley— No. 2.. 600 lbs Perlb
Peas— Split 1,400 lbs Perlb
Pepper — First qual-
ity, black, ground.. 850 lbs Pertb
Pickles — California,
Assorted No. 2 40galsPergal
Pie Fruits— Assorted,
best In market (2
dozen 2 lb tins in
each case) 30 c's Per case
Raisins— First qual-
ity, layers 300 lbs Perlb
Rice— No. 2 China,
new mixed 6,000 lbs Per 100 tbs
— Best in mar-
ket 500 lbs Perlb
Salt— Table, Califor-
nia, first quality — 18,600 tbs Per 100 lbs
Salt— Rock, first qual-
ity 9,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Sal Soda— California 17,500 lbs Per lb
Soap — Laundry,
Brown, first qual-
ity family 7,200 lbs Perlb
Star c h - Wheat,
La v n dry Lump,
Kingston! or Dur-
yeas, best in mar-
ket 1,050 lbs Perlb
Tapioca— Pearl, best
in market...: 550 lbs Perlb
Tobacco— Black Navy 5,500 lbs Per tb
Tomatoes — Canned
best In market (2
dozen 2 lb tins in
each case)..... 65 c's Per case
Vermicelli — White,
No. 2 300 lbs Pertb
Vinegar —30 degrees
strength 800 gals Per gal
Yeast Powder— Tro-
phy, Del Monte
Raising, Pi o ncer,
Golden Gate or
Crown (5 lb tins),
as may bo desig-
nated 10 doz Per doz
CLASS 12.
COAL.
YEARLY.
Coal — Well ington
(Dunsmulr), well
screened, free from
slack and shale, per
ton of 2240 lbs—
For Hospital (625
tons)—
For Almshouse (900
tons) • 1,525 tons Per ton
Samples of groceries above enumerated
may be seen by intending bidders at the
office of the Mayor, City Hall.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate sepa- i
rately for each article enumerated, as per ;
denomination, of the kind and quality as
shown by samples, with the distinct un-
derstanding that the lowest bid for each
article required for each class will be
accepted, and that in every Instance no •
bid except from a merchant who Is a
regular dealer In the articles enumerated
will be received; also that the Beef and
Mutton must be delivered at the institu- .
tion named by the party or parties to
wham ho contract may be awarded, at 1
PROPOSALS— Continued.
such time and in such quantities as re-
quired; that the Coal for the Hospital is
to be delivered at that institution, and
that for the Almshouse to be taken from
the coal yard of the successful bidder, or
from the wharf, in such quantities as
may be ordered from time to time; also,
that the other supplies must be delivered
at the place of business of the party to
whom the respective contracts may be
awarded, upon requisitions (indorsed by
the Chairman of the Hospital Committee)
of the Superintendent Physician of the
city and County Hospital and the Super-
intendent of the A!mshouse, at such
times and in such quantities as may ua
required, from July 1, 189"9. to June 30,
1900, in more or less quantities than
designated on the schedule, without extra
charge from the price bid. The term
more or less not being limited to the
amount designated, but is for such
amount as may be required during the
year. Also, bidders will estimate under
the express stipulation that the Superin-
tendent Physician of the City and County
Hospital and the Superintendent of the
Almshouse, by and with the consent of
the Committee on Hospital shall have the
power to purchase any or all of the sun-
plies required at the market rates, if not
furnished of the kind and quality as
shown by samples, at the expense of the
party to whom any contract may be
awarded to furnish the same, if upon
the requisition of the officers named the
party fails to furnish the quantity or
quality of the supplies designated, which,
under contract, he may be required to
furnish. Also, bidders will estimate under
the express understanding and agree-
ment that under no consideration will
the Board recognize or allow any assign-
ment of any contract or allow the sup-
plies included in any contract to be fur-
nished from any other person than the
person to whom the contract is awarded,
either under an assignment or other in-
strument, unless the consent of the
Board is first obtained through a Resolu-
tion duly passed by sai4 Board and ap-
proved by the Mayor, consenting ana
agreeing to the same. The quality of the
articles called for, where not designated,
to be of the best quality, and all supplies
furnished for the Hospital and Aims-
house respectively, to be subject to the
approval of the Superintendent Physician
of the City and County Hospital, and the
Superintendent of the Almshouse, whose
decision shall he final and conclusive as
to the reception or rejection of any and
all of the supplies offered. The Beef and
Mutton furnished the Hospital and Aims-
house to be weighed at the time of de-
livery at those Institutions; and all other
supplies furnished to be inspected and
weighed at such times and places as may
be designated by said Committee on Hos-
Eltal. The party taking a contract will
c required to give a bond in a sum not
to exceed five thousand tfbwO) dollars
With two sureties, to the satisfaction of
the said committee, for its faithful per-
formance. Proposals to be indorsed
"Supplies in Class 1, Class 2," etc., as
the case may be, for public Institutions.
The party to whom the contract is
awarded will be required TO IMMEDI-
ATELY FURNISH THREE SAMPLES
OF EACH OF THE NON-PERISHABLE
FOOD SUPPLIES CALLED FOR AND
ENUMERATED IN THIS SCHEDULE
AND DELIVER THE SAME TO THE
CLERK OF THE BOARD OF SU-
PERVISORS. All food supplies shall be
submitted for inspection by the person,
[ firm or corporation so furnishing the
| same at one of the oublie food stations
established by the Board of Health of
\ this city next to the municipal Institution
; to be furnished with s-uch food supplies,
I and the character and quantity and the
! quality of such food supplies shall be
1 then and there first 'nspected. and said
i board shall make report of such inspec-
-1 tion forthwith to the Board of Supervis-
ors.
The party or parties to whom each one
of the contracts may r.e awarded will be
required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of such contracts, to pay the
cost of advertising tills notice in three
daily newspapers, and each successful bid-
der to also pay the cost of the publication
in the official newspaper of the Resolution
awarding him his contract. Each class
awarded to be charged with one-twelfth
portion of the entire cost, and each arti-
I cle awarded, where there are more than
one in any class, to be charged with its
pro rata o"f the amount as designated for
each class.
In order to preserve .niformity and to
facilitate the award the Board has re-
solved to receive no bid unless made upon
blank forms prepared >y the committee,
and a certified check on some bank In the
City and County of San Francisco in the
sum of five hundred issoo) dollars. In fa-
vor of and made payable to the Clerk of
the Board, must be deposited by the bid-
der with his bid, conditioned if the pro-
posal Is accepted and the contract award-
ed; and if the bidder shall fail or neglect
to pay the printing charges, execute the
contract and give the bond required with-
in six days after the award is made, then,
and in that case, the said sum shall be
paid into the City and County Treasury
by said Clerk as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
■ Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS
To Print, Publish and Distribute the De-
linquent Tax List for 1898.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2026
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON
May 8, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the
printing, publishing and distributing of
the delinquent tax list for the year IS9B,
to contain the names of the persons and
a description of the property delinquent
and the amount of taxes and costs due
opposite each name, and a notice unless
the taxes delinquent, together with the
costs and percentage, are paid, the prop-
erty upon which said taxes are a lien
will be Bold at public auction. Such
publication to be made and thoroughly
distributed on a business day, at least
once in each week, for three successive
weeks, in a pamphlet form as a supple-
ment to a daily newspaper of general cir-
culation, published in the city and
county of San Francisco, in the
English language, and said supple-
ment must be sent and distrib-
uted on the days specified with every
number of the paper Issued and distrib-
uted, by carriers, by mall or otherwise.
The first issued to be so distributed on or
before the first day of June. 1899. and the
others weekly thereafter, and to desig-
nate the time and place of sale and In all ;
respects conform to the provisions of the i
Political Code and to be done under the ;
direction and to the satisfaction of Ed- i
ward I. Sheehan, Tax Collector of said
City and County; also, to leave at the Tax
Collector's office not less than one thou-
sand (1000) copies of each Issue before any
demand on the Treasury therefor will !
be approved. Within one week after the i
first publication of said list fifty (50)
copies thereof, printed upon one side only
of a quality of paper which can be written
upon with ink, to be satisfactory to said
Tax Collector, to be delivered at his office
for use in the office. Also fifty (50) cloth-
bound copies, interleaved, to be delivered
to the Tax Collector's office within two
weeks after the first publication.
The Tax Collector must have the privi-
lege at any and all times during the exe-
cution of the said contract of witnessing !
the same and giving Instructions relative j
thereto either personally or through his
Chlet deputy, or any deputy he may desig-
nate.
All proofs must be read and submitted
for correction as follows:
First— Proofs must be first read by copy
and corrected by the printer.
Second— Submitted in slips to the Tax
Collector for correction.
Third— Revise to be submitted to and
passed upon by the Tax Collector, or his
chief deputy, or deputy; if corrections or!
alterations are made by said Tax Collec- '
tor or his chief deputy, or deputy, a cor-
rected revise must be presented to and
approved by him prior to the form being
struck off, and as the work progresses
when a form Is struck off a copy of the
same to be filed with said Tax Collector.
Payment to be made as hereinafter pro-
vided and the bill presented to be veri-
fied by the affidavit of a proper and re-
sponsible person acceptable to the Com-
mittee on Printing and Salaries of the
Board of Supervisors, said affidavit to be
made before a notary public in and for
the said City and County, and to set
forth that the contract for printing, pub-
lishing, and distributing the Delinquent
Tax List for the year 1898, has been fully
and faithfully executed and accomplished
in strict conformity to and with these
specifications.
The contractor or contractors will re-
ceive a demand upon the Treasury of tho
said City and County for the payment of
the contract price in United States gold
coin, when satisfactory evidence is fur-
nished the said Committee on Printing
and Salaries that the said contract has
been fully and faithfully executed and ac-
complished in conformity therewith.
A bond in the sum =f r.ot less than ten
thousand ($10,000) dollais, and with as
many sureties as the Committee on Print-
ing and Salaries of the Board of Super-
visors may elect to require for the faith- :
ful execution of said contract must be !
given.
Bidders will estimate with the distinct
understanding that the Supplemental De- I
PROPOSAL!-— Continued.
linquent Tax List.^lf any, shall be pub- j
lished for not less than one week, and !
that the price to be paid for each assess- I
ment on the said Supplemental Delinquent |
Tax List shall be not more than twice j
the amount bid for each assessment on
the Delinquent List.
The space occupied by prefatory notices, j
remarks and explanatory matter will be
• paid for per one thousand ems pro rata
wth the average matter In said list. Said
extra matter and pro rata to be com-
puted by an expert to De appointed by the
said Committee on Printing and Salaries
of the Board of Supervisors.
■In style and general character said De-
linquent Tax List must -übstantially con-
form to .and with the list hereunto at-
tached of last year.
Each proposal for printing, publishing
and distributing such list must state:
First— The name of the daily newspaper
published in said City and County In
which it is proposed to so publish such
list.
Second— The price to be charged for
each assessment, whether of real estate,
personal property or poll tax.
Third— The names of the sureties to be
offered in event of receiving the award
herein.
Each proposal must contain or have at-
tached thereto a sample of not less than
thirty lines of such real estate matter and
personal property matter upon the qual-
ity of paper to be used.
The party to whom this contract Is
awarded will be required, to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice
in three daily newspapers, and to also
pay the cost of the publication in fhe of-
ficial newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing him the contract.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids, and will demand good and suf-
ficient bonds in the sum of ten thousand
($10,000.00) dollars for the faithful per-
formance of the contract.
Proposals to be indorsed "Publishing
Delinquent Tax List."
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS
For Burial of Indigent Dead.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25. 1899.
In accordance with Resblution No. 262S
(Fourth Serieß) of the Board of Super-
visors. SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived In open session of the Board of
Supervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON.
May 8, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
the interment of such of the indigent
dead as are required to be burled at the
charge of the City and County of San
Francisco, including the City and County j
Smallpox Hospital, for the term of one
year, beginning July 1, 1599, and ending
June 30, 1900, in such cemetery or ceme-
teries In San Mateo County wherein
burials may "be allowed.
NOTICE.— The coffins to be made of
three-quarter-Inch surface redwood clear
lumber, to be lined with muslin and pil-
lowed inside, and to be shellacked and
varnished outside, and the tops to be
fastened down with not less than six"
screws. In all cases where persons have
died from smallpox or other contagious
diseases the coffin shall be lined with No
10 zinc instead of with muslin, and her-
metically sealed, and all coffins used
must be subject to the inspection and ap-
proval of the officer in charge of the in-
stitution from which the body of the
decedent is to be buried, and must in all
cases be taken to such institution for the
purpose of having the deceased placed
therein.
No bid will be considered from any par-
ty who has not been engaged in the un-
dertaking business In this City and Coun-
ty and conducted said business in a rep- !
utable manner for a period of at least Fix
months immediately preceding the date
hereof.
The grave to bo excavated to a depth
of at least six feet.
No body to be removed from the insti-
tution where it lies awaiting burial with-
in a period of twenty-four hours after
death, except by express order of the
Superintendent or officer in charge of
said institution.
The contractor will be required in all
cases on the death nf the indigent person
from Infectious disease to inter the body
of said decedent within such time as may
be designated by notice from the Superin-
tendent or officer in charge of the institu-
tion where the death may have occurred,
and in all other cases within thirty-six
hours after notification by the proper of-
ficer.
The contractor will further be required
to convey the bodies of decedents com-
mitted to his charge for interment direct
from the institution- from which he re-
ceives the same to the cemetery, and then
and there bury the same. And will not
be permitted upon any consideration to
convey such bodies to any intermediate
resting-place, or to keep the same in his
custody for a longer period than that re-
quired for their transit to the cemetery.
Should the friends of any decedent ap-
ply at <the institution where such deced-
ent may be lying awaiting burial, for per-
mission to bury the same, and prove to
the Superintendent or officer in charge of
said institution that their purpose is to
provide a decent burial, and that they
have no intention and will not allow the
body to be used for the purpose of dissec-
tion, then and in that case the body of
said deceased shall be delivered to said I
friends, who shall take charge thereof
and make the necessary arrangements for
the funeral with any undertaker they
may think fit; but in such event the con-
tractor aforesaid shall have no claim
against the city for the burial of said de-
cedent.
The party to whom the contract may
be awarded" shall be required, in all cases,
to procure from the Superintendent of the
cemetery wherein the burials have been
made a certificate of the proper burial of
each person under the provisions of his
contract and of these specifications; and
such certificate must, in all cases, be at-
tached to the demand of said contractor
when presented to the Board of Super-
visors for approval, and must state the
names of the decedents and the institu-
tions from which the body was procured.
In case of the violation of any of the
above conditions, the contract shall be
terminated by said City and County.
The party to whom this contract Is
awarded will be required, prior to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice
in three daily newspapers, and to also
pay the cost of the publication In the of-
ficial newspaper of the Resolution award-
Ing him the contract.
All Interments of indigent persons the
expenses of which must be borne by the I
City and County (other thnn those "from
any of the public institutions) must be j
authorized by the Health Officer Issuing j
a permit therefor, and all bills for such !
interments to be approved by the Health I
Officer prior to being presented to this '
Board. All demands for the burial of In-
digent persons from any of the public in-
stitutions to be approved by the Superin-
tendent of the institution at which the
death occurs, prior to being presented to
this Board.
Bidders will estimate and state a speci-
fic amount for each interment.
In order to preserve the uniformity and
to facilitate the award, the Board has
resolved to receive no bids unless made
upon blank forms prepared by the com-
mittee, and a certified check on some
bank in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco for the sum of five hundred ($500)
dollars, in favor of and made payable to
the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
must be deposited by the bidder, with his
bid, conditioned that if the proposal is
accepted and the contract awarded, and
if the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay
the printing charges, execute the con-
tract and give a bond of five thousand
($5000) dollars, required within six days af-
ter the award is made, then, and in that
ca^e, the said sum shall be collected and
paid Into the City and County Treasury
by said Clerk as liquidated damages for
iUCh failure and noglect.
Blanks furnished by 'the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public pood so require
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS for fuel— Quartermaster's office"
Benieia Arsenal. Cal., April 26. 1599. Pealed
proposals, In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 a. m. May 26. 1R99, and then opened,
for furnishing at Benieia Arsenal, Cal. dur-
ing the fiscal year endinp June 30, 1900. fuel |
required there. The United States reserves i
the right to accept or reject any or all bro-
posals or any part thereof. Preference giver.
to articles of domestic production, condition? |
of price and quality (including in prioe of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given tc articles
of American production produced on Pacific
Coast to extent of consumption required by
public service there. Information furnished
on application. Envelopes containing propos-
als should be marked "Proposals for Fuel,"
addressed C. H. CLARK. Q. M.
U S. ENGINEER office. Flood building, San I
Francisco. Cal.. April 27, 1899— Sealed pro- j
pnsals for dredging In Humbnldt Hay. Cal.,
will be received here until 12 o'clock, noon, j
May 29 1?99. Information furnished on appll-
catlon. TV. H. HI'l'KR. MaVn- Engineers.
storage:.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
pTERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
CH&APBST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for Jl per year.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil end mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, -languages, English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free
HEALD;S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing-, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $50: low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arch!.: day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING: the only place on the coast
to learn It practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR. 572 Parrott building.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F.. and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Filippe'a
Academy of Languages. 320 Post; ablest profs.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address In ths
United States or Canada one year for $1.
. postage r.n'il.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Theodore Schmalholzand Sophie Yaeger. .46-38
George D. Adams and Agnes D. Mulhern. .22-12
John Crangle and Mary E. O'Shaui?hnessy.2B-25
William C. Carson and Lizzie K. Probert. .2B-20
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KIRBY— In this city. April 27, 1899, to the wife
of J. Kirby, a daughter.
NATHAN— Redding. Cal., April 24, 1899, to
the wife of D. B. Nathan, a son.
ROGERS— In this city, April 1«. 1899, to the
wife of F. N. Rogers, a son.
TUTTICH— In this city, April 25. 1899, to the
wife of M. A. Tuttlch. a daughter.
DIED.
Bradbury. Harry W. Marchant. (ieorge W.
Doldge. Elizabeth F. Menefee. Miss Sarah
Everson. Bridget Ming. Alois
Grafe, Joseph Moloney. Mary M.
Gregory. Samuel O. Moudry, Mary
Guinasso. Frederick Muller. Henry
Irving, Maria T. Mutschler. Christian
Knowles. Mrs. D. C. Ny, Emelle
McCarthy, Cornelius Robertson, Edwin D.
McLeod, Annie
BRADBURY— this city, April 27, 1599, Harry
W. Bradbury, beloved son of Mrs. C. F. An- *
drews, brother of Mrs. Lillie Jordan, Mrs.
Linnie Getz. Walter L. Bradbury and Ruby
Andrews, and nephew of W. B. Bradbury,
aged 21 years 4 months and 12 days.
(CTNotlee of funeral hereafter.
DOIDGE— In this city, April 27. 1899. Elizabeth
F., beloved wife of the late William Doidge,
and mother of William J., Thomas V., Henry
A.. John, Benjamin, Lottie and Ernest
Doldge. a native of Cornwall, England, aged
48 years.
EVERSON— In this city, April 27. 1899, Brid-
get, relict of the late John Everson of San
Lorenzo, and beloved mother of Mrs. J. P.
McSweeney, Mrs. J. Hutte and Edward J.
Iverson of Haywards, a native of Ireland.
GRAFE— In this city. April 27, 1899, Joseph,
beloved husband of Gessine Grafe, and
brother-in-law of John Meierdierks. a native
of Westfalen. Germany, aged 4S years 10
months and 19 days. A member of San Fran-
cisco Sehuetzen Verein, Germania Lodge No.
171S, K. of H., and Hermann Stamm No. 224,
U. O. R. M.
iT^"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of 11. F. Maass, 917 Mission street,
near Fifth. Funeral private. Cremation I.
O. O. F. Crematory.
GREGORY— In this city. April 26. 1899. Samuel
Oscar, beloved husband of Eleanor M. Greg-
ory, and father of Charles E. Gregory, a na-
tive of La Porte, Ind.. aged 56 years. .
Friends and acquaintances and comrades
of the G. A. R. are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral, which will be held under
the auspices of George H. Thomas Post No. 2.
at their hall. 320 Post street. Sunday. April
30. 1599, at 1 o'clock. Interment George H.
Thomas Post plat, National Cemetery.
GUINASSO— In this city, April 25, 1899, Fred-
erick L., dearly beloved husband of Aurelia
Guinasso, son of Mr. F. T. and the late Mrs.
Mary Guinasso, and brother of D. J. Guln-
agso, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years and 9 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from
his late residence, 821 Union street, thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian Church; corner
Dupont and Filbert streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will he celebrated for the
repose of his soul, thence to Holy Cross
Cemetery.
IRVING— In this city, April 27, 1599. Maria
Teresa, beloved wife of James Irving, and
mother of John, Robert, George and Walter
Irving, a native of Quebec, Canada, aged
55 years.
KNOWLES— On Willow Creek, near Markham.
Sonoma County, April 23. 1899. Mrs. D. C.
Knowles, wife of David Knowles. and mother
of Joseph Knowles. Dora Knowles Park and
Venle Knowles Stumbaugh.
MCCARTHY— In this city, April 27, 1899. Cor-
nelius, dearly beloved husband of Catharina
McCarthy, and father of Daniel J.. James J..
John J.. Charles J., William H.I Richard and
Thomas McCarthy, a native of County Cork.
Ireland, aged 62 years. Boston and St. Louis
papers please copy.)
ETRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.; 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
McLEOD— In this city. April 25. 1899, Annie,
beloved wife of William McLeod, and mother
of William J. McLeod, Mrs. A. Halton and
Mrs. Lizzie Lewis, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, aged 60 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the H. J. Gallagher Undertaking Company.
20 Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph's Church
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MARCHANT — In this city, April 26, 1899,
George Warren Marchant, beloved son of
George and Annie Marchant, and brother of
Samuel and Percy Marchant, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years 3 months and 6 days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 24S Richland avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MENEFEE— On Willow Creek, near Markham.
Sonoma County, March 27. 1899. Miss Sarah
J. Menefee. sister of Mrs. D. C. Knowles.
MING -In this city. April 26, 1899. Alois Ming,
a native of Switzerland, aged 63 years 7
months and 16 days. A member of Swiss
Mutual Benevolent Society.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dierks. 957 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MOLONEY— In Oakland. April 26. 1599, Mary
M., beloved daughter of Edward and Nellie
Moloney, a native of San Francisco, aged 0
months.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents' resi-
dence, 814 Linden street. Interment private,
St. Mary's Cemetery.
MOUDRY— In this city, April 26. 1599, Mary
Moudry, beloved mother of Mrs. K. Stie-
ments, Mrs. B. Tostal and Mrs. J. I'rosek, a
native of Bohemia, aged 96 years.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resldencft
&19 York street. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
MULLER— In Emeryville, AJameda County,
April 26, 1599, Henry, dearly beloved husband
of Margarethe Muller, brother of Catharina
Kislih, Mrs. Rebecca Meyer and Mrs. Annie
Mordhorst. and uncle of Miss Minnie Goetjen.
I.etltia, Annie and Albert Mordhorst, Mr.
'Albert Mullor. Mrs.. Margarethe Eckoff. Miss
Guesina Goetjen and of the late Hattle Goet-
jen, a native of Hossel. Amt Lehe, Germany,
aged 45 years 7 months and 15 days.
Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Union-square
Hall. 421 Post street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of H. F.
Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street.
MUTSCHLER —In Berkeley, April 27. ISS9,
Christian Jacob, beloved husband of Caroline
M. Mutschler. a native of Sulz, Wurtemberg.
Germany, aged 63 years 2 months and 4 days.
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2124 Catharine street; Berkeley, j In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
NY— Emelle, beloved wife of Magloire Ny, and
beloved mother of Antoine, Gabriel, Julie,
Paul and Charles Ny. Mrs. E. G. Vail and
Jules Ny. a native of France, aged 64 year»
and 13 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
11. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ROBERTSON— In this city, April 27 1899, Ed-
win I)., beloved husband of Viola Robertson,
and father of Edwin W. and Freddie Rob-
ertson, a native of Nevada, aged 31 years 8
months and 2 days. .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan St Gallagher).
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS AND EMBALM3RS.
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South M. '
McAVOY <fe CO., I
rUNEiuL DUvKUTORS ft EMiiALJtEaj I
1236 Market st. between Bth and Ha. I
. Telephone. Bouth 847. |
1112
C. P. HUNTINGTON IS
FEASTED AND EXALTED
BY HIS ASSOCIATES
Vice President Stubbs Displays Rare
Genius and Diplomacy in Seat
ing the Guests.
George Crocker, as the Leader of the Fourteen
Banquet-Givers, Occupies the High Posi
tion of Host — Speech of the
Guest of Honor.
THE expanded banquet given in
honor of Collia P. Huntington at
the Palace Hotel last evening by
fourteen officers of the South
ern Pacific was an affair worthy
of our blessed railroad aristocracy. Ac
cording to inside information obtained
from the yellow building the dinner
was tendered to President c. P. Hunt
ington and Vice President General
Hubbard by the following general offi
cers of the company: George Crocker,
second vice president; J. C. Stubbs,
third vice president: Julius Krutt
pohnitt, fourth vice president; W. F.
Herrin, head of the law department
and promoter of United States Sena
tors: William Hood, chief engineer;
N. T. Smith, treasurer; E. C. Wright,
secretary and controller: William
Sproule, freight traffic manager; W.
H. Mills, head of the land department;
1 >r. Gardner, hospital corps; J. A. Fill
more, manager of the Pacific Coast de
partment; T. H. Goodman, general pas
senger agent; R. P. Schwerin, Pacific
HOW THE GUESTS WERE SEATED.
Mall general agent; Jerome Madden,
land agent.
\V. H. Mills of the land and literary
department maintains that the function
v>as private, and therefore resents
press comment on the "social event."
He goes so far in the expression of his
displeasure as to threaten the aggre
gate resentment of the fourteen rail
roaders who conceived and executed the
scheme for an expanded feast. It is
worth passing comment here to ob
eerve that Mills was discovered by the
late Leland Stanford and for many
years basked in the sunshine of Stan
ford's favor. When the Huntington
regime came Into power Mills readily
transferred his allegiance to the new
king and excluded the word "gratitude"
from his lexicon. Without going Into
details concerning the story of lost ad-
I miration The Call simply calculates
that Mills represents one-fourteenth of
I the aggregate resentment entertained
for this paper in the yellow building,
and his one-fourteenth is duly recorded.
The merchants invited to meet Mr.
Huntington gracefully accepted the in
vitation. The company ab dinner num
i bered one hundred and fifty-four and
, represented much of the wealth and en
; terprise of San Francisco. The ban
; quet was a success, and when the credii
of the achievement belongs to fourteen
men it may seem a little invidious, if
1 not ungracious, to single out one rail
roader for special praise. It is cmi
, nently proper, however, that the mas
terly genius of Vice President J. C.
Stuhbs should receive more than pass
ing recognition. This recognition is ac
-1 corded with no design to detract a
single laurel from that accomplished
! political manager, W. P. Herrin, the
light of the law department. The great
j achievement of the banquet was the
: skillful manner in which Vice President
Stubbs classified the attendants. The
chart Itself is a living example of his
genius. Gaze upon it from any point
of view and the masterly hand and
head of the third vice president may
be recognized. When the chart is
placed on an even keel it is observed
that George Cracker is at the head of
the table. Counting the number, fif
teen, seated in the high official zone
seven will be found to the right and
seven to the left of Second Vice Presi
dent Crocker. C. P. Huntington is the
first to Mr. Crocker's right Seven is
the divine number, and Mr. Hunting
ton is first of the seven, to the right,
recollect. Veer the chart around a lit
tle bit and Huntington is made to ap
pear at the head of the table. Now as
George Crocker was the chief of 'the
fourteen tendering the banquet he oc
cupied as host the head of the table
On his right sat C. P. Huntington and
on his left General Hubbard. Mr.
Stubbs has good right to be proud of
his work. Yesterday he admonished the
press, no matter what comment might
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1899.
be made of the function, to beware of
tampering -with the chart. The genius
of Ptubbs, which elevated George
Crocker to- the nephew's position, may
some day put the same George on the
throne. And Mills will float in on the
first tide.
Governor Gape and D. M. Burns
were not present. Had the Governor
been there he could have responded
with his usual eloquence to the toast,
"One Might as Well Be Killed for a
SCENE AT THE BANQUET AT THE PALACE.
Sheep as a Lamb." The absence of
Colonel Burns must have been deeply
regretted. He could have elucidated
to the assembled company many of the
terms employed on the racetrack and
explained to Dr. Mackenzie and Rabbi
Voorsanger the difference between a
"lons shot" and "odds <>n."
No one can dispute the fact that the
banquet was a great success for a pri
vate function, yet It is regarded as de
plorable that Railroad Commissioners
Laumeister and Blaekstock were con
strained to remain away. Each one is
versatile and able to throw much light
on the process of "lightning change."
Either could tell how it is possible tor
i a candidate to change his mind sud-
I denly after he is elected to office.
The Stubbs chart, which nobody has
a right to monkey with, shows Rev,
Dr. Stebblns, Rabbi Vooraanger and
Rev. Dr. Mackenzie all placed within
the zone of the great and gifted. Only
Captain Nelson intervened between C.
P. Huntington and Dr. Mackenzie. As
close as the eminent clergyman was to
the president of the company he was
not bo far away from others as to fail
to keep an eye on Horace Platt. If not
closely watched at banquets Mr. Platt
will drift away from his early ortho
doxy.
The fourteen acted wisely and well in
asking three eloquent preachers to the
fpaPt, and Vice President Stubbs again
displayed a rare sense of the eternal
fitness of things in placing all three
near the president of the company. The
unkind suggestion has been thrown out
that many shippers were invited to
meet Mr. Huntington in order to an
ticipate the competition promised by
the Santa Fe. Surely no one would
imagine that the clergymen wore
sought to increase the worldly busi
ness of the company. The desire for
favor in another sphere is implied, and
perhaps favor is there needed.
At the banquet board last night there
was a departure from the old order of
exercises. The heads of the various
departments of the railroad institution
did not follow the time-worn practice
of exalting each other. There were no
special eulogies for the freight depart
ment or glowing tributes to the literary
bureau.
While the waiters were passing the
cafe noir to the guests J. C. Stubbs
rose from his seat and a painful hush
fell. Mr. Stubbs spoke of the necessity
for all pood workers of the community
to uplift the city and raise the State
to a commnnding position in the hier
archy of commonwealths. Without a
warning Mr. Stubbs relinquished his
right as lord high introducer and the
pride of the Southern Pacific, William
P. Herrin, placing his hands upon the
cloth, began his postprandial argu
ment.
"Let us now to the feast of reason,"
said the legal giant, and then the battle
<>f mnguts and profound thought be
pan. With a befitting sentiment W. H.
Mills was introduced.
"It is a custom of the Southern Pa
cific Company in banquet assembled,"
said Mills, "to inaugurate our literary
exercises by a patriotic song."
The national anthem was then sung
by the guests. Mr. Mills paid tribute
to the great protector of liberty in his
many protean shapes, Collis P. Hunt
ington. Before the chief had an oppor
tunity to rise the literary light of the
Central Pacific asked for a song, and
while the president was standing the
hall echoed with "For He's a Jolly
Good Fellow" until tears of joy began
to course the cheeks of the well-dined.
When the health of the chief guest
of the evening was proposed C. P.
Kuntington, president of the Southern
Pacific Company, responded, speaking
as follows:
Gentlemen of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and of San Francisco: I feel most es
pecially honored this evening, not alone
by your invitation but by the character
of the gentlemen whom, through your
courtesy, I have the pleasure to meet
pom.' for the first time. L have not been
asked to respond to any toast except tne
toast to my good health, and I think that
all of us can say that our good health is
the one particular thing upon which we
can afford to be most warmly congratu
lated. To be sure, the newspapers have
me practically "knocked out" every time
I visit the State, and I have learned to
expect as a usual episode accompanying
my sojourn among you here the receipt
of letters from New York asking anxious
ly whether I am "seriously ill." as the
newspaper dispatches state it; but I
manage generally to put in a full day's
work, and retire at night happy in the
consciousness of having earned my day's
wages, and with the added gratification
that I have been able, wifhout effort on
my own part, to furnish the newspapers
of your city with a news item of more or
less interest, according to the way one
looks at it. I feel sometimes that I have
been unduly favored by the press and
received much more than my fair share
of attention. But I do not see how it can
be avoided, and now that the anti-car
toon law has gone into effect I suppose
the attentions will be redoubled. But I
shall not make any denials, for 1 have
not the time to waste. In the Fremont-
Buchanan Presidential campaign I recol
lect that one of the charges made against
Fremont was that he was a Catholic,
and one of the opposing newspapers re-
Iterated the charge and said. "If he is
not a Catholic, why doesn't he come out
over his own signature and deny it?" The
Rochester Democrat— which, by the way,
was a Republican organ at that time
responded substantially like this: "We
pronounce James Buchanan an ass. If
he isn't an ass let him come out over his
own signature and deny it."
I am very glad to meet you here this
evening and to become acquainted witn
so many of San Francisco's prominent
business men. Having been all my life a
man of trade and tabor, I should stultify
myself if I did not say that I am a.
thorough believer in such men. I like to
talk with them, for they are up to date
in those things which round out charac
ter and excite the best energies of
humanity. It is with the go-ahead busi
ness men of Sun Francisco that the fu
ture and fortune of the city, as a city,
must always rest. It depends upon them
whether San Francisco shall be an ex
ample <>f enlightenment and progress for
ih" people of the whole State or whether
there shall be brighter lights for them to
follow.
I believe in the future of San Francisco.
She his a magnificent harbor near the
center of our coast line and Is right at
the gateway of the open sea. and as her
civilization and commerce grow greater
and greater she must forge ahead,
whether she will or not; bul there are
voices in your midst which do n< i help
you; there are agencies which rend ana
tear down, rather than create and build
up, and the railroad interests which l.
with my associates who arc present here
to-nigrht. and others, represent, is not one
i if those drawbacks.
It has been my constant statement in
the past, it is the same to-day, and will
be to-morrow, that the interest of the
railroad is so bound up with that of the
whole State that what affects the pros
perity of the one must reftect directly
upon the welfare of the other. If Cali
fornia to-day accommodated all the pop
ulation which she is able to support, and
support generously, the beginning of a
splendid era would be tipon us; and by
"us" I mean the people of the whole State.
There is nothing I so long to see in Cal
ifornia as the logical development of the
State; and, though 1 know this rightful
development would redound also to my
personal benefit. T can say this without a
particle of selfishness and without the
spirit of self-seeking in any respect.
I have lately had brought to my notice
and have urged the attention of my peo
ple here to the recent action of the Czar
of Russia, which is likely to result in a
heavy emigration of Finns to other and
more liberal countries. These thrifty peo
ple ought to find in California a benefi
cent harbor of refuge. I wish we could
gel them here; but. if we could, what
should we do with them? What have we
to offer them? Land? Yes; but can we
give them what they will need at a price
at which they can afford to acqure it?
That is the real question. England will
offer them great inducements; and so
will other countries. In the United States
the cold countries of the Northwest, will
present flattering inducements. In Cali
fornia we are concerned with the problem
of great ranches, the owners of which
have been unwilling to divide them up.
These people need small farms; and, if
they take them, the"y will take them only
at reasonable prices, for they cannot af
ford to pay more.
What California needs to-day is more
people. What you merchants neeed to
day is more customers to buy your goods;
and the only ivay you can get them is by
ha%-ing them here. California is a com
munity of large landholders, and a vast
region of lands that produce little— not
because they are unproductive but because
they are held in such large quantities that
they cannot be cultivated as they
should be.
One little colony of hard-working, eco
nomical, virtuous people like these Finns
would leaven the whole lump, for their
example would be an incitement to thou
sands of others, who, seeing their good
works and their good fortune, woulu
strive to share in it. So far as the Finns
at their far-away home are concerned,
neither you citizens of the State nor we
railroad people would need to advertise
further, for letters received at home from
the kindred who had successfully wan
dered into this land of milk and honey
would do the work, and I believe we
should find shiploads and carloads land
ing at the Golden Gate, ready to people
up our beautiful valleys and make this
land blossom like the rose. You may
consider this an extravagant picture, but
I think I am not an over-enthusiastic
man, and I look at a question of this kind
in the light of what history teaches us.
Great communities — nations — have
grown up from small beginnings and
through the force of example, and we
can hardly overestimate the vital impor
tance and value of securing the first
party of emigrants— whose eyes are even
now looking wistfully toward this land
of liberty, whose richest promises He
right here. The people who come here, to
settle among us do not ask the gift of
money: nor do they need it. They are
entitled, though, to fair and liberal treat
ment and the hand of good-fellowship:
to sympathy and the encouragement of
good wishes: for "one little word in kind
ness spoken" is often worth far more
than dollars.
I was in the mercantile business for
fifty-eight years, and through many of
the earlier years, during the gold excite
ment in California, in a community of
trade almost unique in the history of com
mercial incidents. One of my rules of
business was never to sell a man any
thing at a price which I thought pre
cluded him from getting his profit, for I
would rather send an article to the auc
tion-rooms and sell it for whatever it
might bring than to have the customer
buy and lose, for such is the better mer
cantile policy, to say nothing of the
right or wrong of the matter. I have
never wished for the reputation of being
a liberal man, but I have always given
weight and measure, not believing that
a man when he has paid his legal taxes
has given all he should give.
The poor we always nave with us and. l
have endeavored in a way to look out for
their interest, knowing that the rich and
forehanded can take care of themselves.
I have given money vhere I thought it
would do the most good, but giving work
is the best of all, for labor, in my opinion.
dignifies, while the acceptance of charity
tends to lower self-respect. A dollar leads
literally to nothing, but work may mean
all things. From small beginnings may
grow th/> greatest results.
T recollect, when the National Park
Bank building was in process of construc
tion in New York. T stopped one morning
in front of St. Paul's Church to watch for
a moment the workmen on the towering
chimney which I had seen steadily ris
ing in the air day aftor day until it had
attained a great height. My eye was fas
cinated by the careless, confident way in
which the workmen walked about at that
dizzy height, often with only a single
piece of planking between them and the
Bid( walk. 200 feet below, and I said to the
contractor: "Those men walk about on
that flimsy scaffold as carelessly as
though it was on the ground." "No,"
said he. "they are not careless at all.
They are simply sure, and are as safe
there as at the curb. You see," said he,
"they have gone up one brick at a time,
and they are as much at home on the
topmost course as on the first." It struck
me then that this was a valuable lesson,
applied to our dally life. We must build
slowly if we would be sure. We must rise
gradually, step by step, if we would keep
our heads.
So, too, in our treatment of others, if
we nave fortunately reached the higher
plane ourselves, let uh not fall to recollect
that we owe a duty to those toiling ones
win. are mounting as painfully and slowly
as we did the steps that we have trod.
It Is a question of ■uimanity. Neithor
race nor oreed can become a" reason for
our Indifference or neglect, and a man's
patent of nobility .should b»» his wllling
to do good honest work. We have
as a nation, reached a high plane, and we
nave been rising. so rapidly of late that
r>°rhaps we do not set quit.' clearly at
the moment; but the glamor will soon
pass and then. 1 have no doubt, wo shall
j^e Plainly the path along which duty
I am a believer in President McKinley's
policy, and I propose, as a good, patriotic
citizen, to uphold that policy. It is too
late now, it seems to me, to cavil at the
progress of events in the Philippines. It
Is dreadful to read dally in the news
papers of the spilling of the blood of our
good, brave American boys. How little
can wo uppreciate to the full the terrible
""-' SICV,.,. SS ,h;, t musl J lavt} a( , COm _
panied the physical discomfort and hard
sn.p of their campaign on a strange and
hostile shore. <•
Our California boys, who are soon to be
at home again, will tell you about this;
but we can imagine that the emotion that
will overpower them when the good ship
brings them within sight of the Golden
Gate again will be one of the thrills of
life which you and I and all of us would
give much to just once experience. Their
labors and their sacrifices will not be in
vain, for the stars and stripes are some
time going to mean more of good and hap
piness for the Filipinos than for the peo
ple who took the flag there.
The future of those islands, so far as
the United States is concerned, is a prob
lem indeed, but it is a problem the solu
tion of which will lie in the justness of
our administration of those islands What
we shall want there first will be not state
hood but a military government, with a
Civil Governor— able, honest and kind—
whose underlying principle of action will
be the. determination to do those things
which are right to be done in the interest
of the people.
The betterment of their physical moral
and commercial condition is the point we
want to reach, and the only men who can
help us to attain that point are the men
of honest purpose, who are willing- to
go there not for what they themselves can
get out of the country but for what thtv
can give to it. We have plenty of such
men and I am confident that our wise
President will find them. Meantime as !
I said before, I am for upholding' his
hands, and I wish him godspeed in hi«
high and difficult task. feuu^ l>eea ln his
Gentlemen, this is an interesting and
a wide subject, but in taking it un f hay!
started afield and am likely ?o wander too
far. I thank you again for the grea? ]
courtesy and honor you have accorded me I
and. again expressing the pleasure I feei
at meeting you here to-night I sit Hr^-l '
And then came General T. H Hub
bard, who talked of esoteric matters
He labored sweating^ over the details
and intricacies of Southern Pacific
business 1 and wound up with an exor
dium whose burden was that there
should be a community of interests be
tween business men and the railroad
people. Wild ap>'ause trailed General'
Hubbard's ecstatic conclusion and then
Dr. Horatio Stebbh"* took the floor. . .'
♦A strain or two of the good old
Southern Pacific hymn, "He's a Jolly
Good Fellow," followed the general to
his chair and amid great hand exer
cise Rev. Horatio Stebbins was intro
duced. "I esteem it a great pleasure
to be in such company," the divine
said. "What we need is a communica
tion of ideas, to associate from time to
time with men whose planes of life dif
fer and whose daily thoughts diverge.
When I look up and down this board
I notice the different vocations repre
sented here and I feel a little conceit
of personal advantage as I think how
you would feel if you had to write a
sermon. My friend Fillmore would
sweat more than when he quelled the
mob in Sacramento. J. C. Stubbs would
dissolve and evanesce. 1 would give
Collis P. Huntington the text: 'The
petty king gave him a land grant; the
petty king said to him, "What road j
have you built to-day?" Let me for 1
a moment strike a nobler strain. It is
common to say that men of substance ;
are men of sense. We know as men
of sense that ". no great prosperity can
attend human effort unless capacity ,
meets with opportunity. Man creates (
nothing; merely avails himself of those I
things' already made."
A tribute .to Huntington and Hub
bard and some more sacred music by '
the orchestra and then Colonel Henry
Weinstock was allowed a few brief mo- j
ments on the post-prandial stage.
Rev. Dr. Mackenzie was called upon ,
and said: "I have heard many things
of the .railroad, but never before • to
night did I hear the threat that the j
railroad thought of establishing a the
ological department." Dr. Mackenzie !
exalted in the fact that so many good
men of such various tastes should be
congregated and interchange thoughts.
With a bunch of flowers to General
Hubbard Rev. Mackenzie gave way to
Toastmaster W. H. Mills.
Commodore Watson was toasted ris
ing and the orchestra played some- j
thing patriotic, in harmony with the
toast and the man who fought for his
country in Cuban waters.
Grant Carpenter, president of the
Press Club, next, entertained the guests
by a story or two and a halcyon pic- |
ture of the newspaper man's life.
The next on the list was Rabbi Voor
sanger, .who spoke on a historical sub- !
ject, "The Close of Spanish Rule in the
Western Hemisphere." ' It was an elo
quent and stirring tribute to the man
hood of young America. With an ex
hortation to Americans to let their
trinity be equity, justice and righteous- j
ness- in their teachings to other nations j
he closed amid' great applause.
The remaining toasts were "The Sta- ]
bility of American Institutions.". 1 by
Van R. Paterson; "The Most Auspi
cious Tendency of the Time." by Rev.
Charles Edw.ard Locke, and the "Ar
tistic Development of Our State." by
Irving M. Scott.
A standing toast, mutual felicitations
and a grand -patriarchal,- beneficent
smile for his children from Uncle.him
self and the annual dinner by heads. of i
departments to the head of all became j
a matter of history.
Invitations are out for the return
banquet by Collis P. Huntington at his
residence, 1020 California street, on Sat
urday evening, May 13.
■ ♦ ■
Lectured on the First California.
Dr. P. J. H. Farrell, who left here for
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OOKS
IN
MINUTES
Q«vv^FQ^S2!IitSiuBZIXZBI&BSfI!^KB^^ES^B^9fIBBBSBIEE&BffIBZ^3^SSfIE3^ESS3Q3C&!^B^BB^I^S
SHi ™ J&& a a *"^Mf Vigil ' ■■? iSS EBS^ I
™*. JJMIAIJI Zfln WlI Bffßf h B mB T^BfLJl
I fifmi I
H BICYCLES M
1 THQS. H. B. VARNEY, Market & 10th,
II! Open Wednesday & Saturday evenings, r |||
the Philippines with the First California
Regiment, lectured last night b<
Cathedral Council, Young Men's Insti
He spoke entertainingly of Brigadh r
eral Smith and his bravo boys, tr
their movements from the time they
here until their successful engagi
the Philippines. Dr. A. P. O'Brien am
Father McKinnon the led
ized as the two real heroes of t :r-f
the former for his heroic self -sa . jr |
organizing the smallpox hospital
latter for his devotion to duty in atl
ing the wounded and dying. Th
was loudly applauded at the conclusion.
of his address.
MYSTERY STILL UNSOLVED
No Clew to C. B. Chase, Supposed to
Have Jumped From a Ferry Boat.
The mystery surrounding the dl
1 pearance of Charles B. Chase, thi
Boldier, who is supposed to have comm •
ted suicide by Jumping overboard fr
Oakland ferry boat Tuesday night, is
unsolved. The note signed by the mi:
man, in which he declared his £nt<
i to make way with himself, which,
aether with hia discarded coat, was
! on the deck of the boat after it hai
i tered the slip on this side of the bay, 13
i the only evidence thus far obtainable to
account for his sudden dis&ppearai
At s:: Minna street, wh< 1 '1
with his wife and child, the only Inl
ti< n i:. be gleaned was tli.n the i \
hai! been In the habit of spendu,. a
nights and the Ifttle money that cam'
[his possession at the Cafe Royal poker
tables. His only source of revenu;
pears to have been a well-to-do relative
in Vermont, who occasionally sent mm
small sums of money. Chase's infatuation
for the gambling table seems to have ab
sorbed his entire attention, and he mads
only feeble and spasmodic efforts to se
cure employment, which were unsuccess
ful. It is very probable that he became
disheartened hecaus.e of his Inability to
beat th" game, and there is also a pos
sibility that he may not have carried out
his threat to take his life, but simply,
left for parts unknown, the note and csatfW
found on the ferry boat being left as a
Mrs Chase is said to be very much
worried over the disappearance of her
husband, but she r. fuses to see reporters.
Mrs. Chase was in Oakland yesterday,
endeavoring to obtain some clew of h*r
husband or proof of his death, but her
mission was unsucci ssful.
. ♦ •
A fine Newhall Piano in perfect order
for 5150 to-day at Mauvais', 709 Market
street. *
ON OUR SHOULDERS.
Professor Bacon Delivers a Strong
. Lecture on "The White Man's
. Burden."
The fourth of .the Charming Auxiliary
lectures was , delivered yesterday . after
noon in the parlors of the First Unitarian
Church by Professor Thomas R. Bacon,
of the University of California. His sub
ject was "The White Man's Burden," and
in its application he dealt with the pres-
situation in the Philippines. Professor
Bacon has given much study and thought
to the complicated question with which
this Government now has to deal, and hla
remarks were very applicable and he held
the closest- attention of his audience.
In brief Professor Bacon demonstrated
by a logical analysis the doctrine of Kip
ling as it is applicable to the present exi
gencies in the Philippines. He declared
that we have "The White Man's Burden"
already on our shoulders, and .that it is
not a question whether we want it or not.
Having it, he said that we are compelled
to govern the Philippines in the Interest,
of the inhabitants of the islands at anj^
cost. As to the kind of government that
he favored, Professor Bacon said that it
was defined most thoroughly in the
proclamation issued by General Otis.
•m ■ '
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
I sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.*
GRAND CLOSING- OUT SALE.
PERSIAN
To Be Sold at AUCTION,
THIS DAY (Friday), April 28.
At 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
125 GEARY ST.
Every Rug will be gold out regardless. You
can. not afford to miss this sale if you want
great bargains in rare Rues.
TURKISH RUG CO.
A. XV. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
"DI3TTQ TT|J*C! FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DriLJOnJulJ •«. bootblacks, bath-
hcu?>e3. billiard tables.
fcr*wer«. bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories. A
ttablemen tar-rnnfer«>. tann»rn tailors, eta. ■*
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento SS
i Weekly Call,sl,oo per Year