VOLUME LXXXY-NO. 113.
THE POPE GROWS
VERY DESPONDENT
Says Rejoicing at Recovery Is Mockery
When He Will Not Live a
Week.
LONDON, March 23.— The Rome correspondent of the Daily Telegraph says: The Pope
is beginning to suffer from depression. During the service on Sunday he asked one of
his personal attendants how many in the congregation he (the attendant) thought really
rejoiced in his recovery.
Then he added, despondently: "What a mockery it is— this thanksgiving fdr my re
cover}*. I shall not live a week."
The exclamation was followed by a prolonged and alarming: fainting fit.
NEW YORK, March 22. — A dispatch to the World from Washington says-: Apos
tolic Delegate Martinelli, who is in constant receipt of news from private sources in Rome
concerning the Pope's condition, believes that the Pontiff's extreme age renders it extremely
probable that his end cannot be far olf.
A recent letter from a Vatican official quotes the Pope as saying since his last attack:
"When I die I shall not give much trouble to the doctors, nurses or servants. lam only skin
and bone, and my life will go out like a lamp which has no oil to feed it."
Church officials here think that it is just the way the Pontiff will go to his rest, and that
already he is nearer the end than is believed in this country.
THE DOWNPOUR
HAS DEVELOPED
INTO A DELUGE
Serious Floods May Result From
the Rainstorm in Cali
fornia.
sv:-\O'. 0%0 %O NO NON CSKBS 0%0.N0 88a»»C8Ka8»aB888CeSC88a S2CBSSSB3«
a
& The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as com- o
§ pared with those of the same date last season and rainfall in §
£ last twenty-four hours: 8
« " Last This Last g
1 Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Season, g
8 Eureka O-5 2 29.07 - 8 ' 2 J ~g
I Red Bluff 1.16 16.45 12 -° 8 §
i? Sacramento 1.08 12.71 8.55 g
I San Francisco 2.15 12.99 7.52 |
I Fresno.... .. 0.05 5.29 3.86 «
I San Luis Obispo : 0.10 1 1.74 5-45 $
i Los Angeles 0.00 4.71 5-°4
I San Diego 0.00 4.54 3- Sl %
k Yuma o-°° x -34 I - 62 |
■cssaoseoss o •.o # .0%-:- # .-:- v:-%0%0%0%0 vo«*o*so»io% ceaoesaceaos o '.oso^ob •
SANTA CRUZ, March 22.— This 4
vicinity experienced to-day the 4
heaviest rainfall of the season.
It commenced during the night, 4
and has been an incessant 4
downpour. At 6 o'clock the precipi-
tat ion was over three inches. The j
rainfall in the mountains has been
very heavy. San Lorenzo River is at
the highest point in years and a flood ■♦
1? feared. Driftwood ar.d rordwood *
Is floating down the stream. Lobs
four and five feet in diameter and ■♦
fifty feet in length are amons
thr- drift. Chicken houses with chirk-
ens on top, and logs on which rabbits 4
ere perched have floated down. 4
Brnni-iforte Creek, which is a very
Email stream, reached tho highest
jioint in the remembrance of the ear- .
•tier. Thf rise was very sud- 4
den, and in a short time the stream •<
was ;l rag-ins torrent. A number of 4
chicken houses and fences, in the A
back yards in this city, wf-re torn
from the foundations and went down 4
the stream to the ocean. The water i
reached the basements of a number 4
of houses at the foot of Garfield 4
street. }
The outgoing narrow gauge train
•was compelled to return this after-
noon on account of a landslide. 4.
H+O+O+O+ O ♦© ♦ © ♦ ©♦©♦©♦©♦©♦•♦O'fO*©* O ♦ O ♦ O ♦ O+O+O+O+O+H
O COL.USA, March 22.— Rain commenced falling here last night be- ©
± tween 9 and 10 o'clock and has continued steadily. Up to 7 o'clock X
2 this evening 1-75 inches had fallen. This almost insures to Colusa +
O County an abundant harvest. The river has not commenced to rise V
"♦" as yet but very high water in the next twenty-four hours is expected, p
$ and farmers in the tules are becoming anxious on account of the great 4
O amount of hill water that has commenced to come in upon them. O
B+O+O+O+O+O ♦ O ♦ O ♦ O +O+O+O+ O ♦OKHO+O+Q ♦ O ♦ O+ O +O+O+O+B
WOODLAND. March 22.— For nearly
twenty-four hours there has been
a continuous shower, but the
rainfall has been so gentle that
the precipitation has not yet aggregated
an inch. The oldest inhabitant cannot re
member a rainfall under more favorable
conditions. There is no longer any ap
prehension of a dry season. All doubts
on this score have beeen dispelled. The
rainfall for the storm has been 3.(4 inches
and for the season 12.88 inches. Advices
of this date from Capay Valley say there
Is no truth in the report that the last
frost killed the. fruit crop. The grain
and hay crop will require nothing more
than the usual spring showers to insure
one of the best crops ever raised in the
The fruit prospects are very nat
tering. Early varieties especially are as
sured by the recent rains. However, all
danger from frost is not yet passed. The
fruit crop of 1896 was killed by a heavy
fmst OD April 20.
MARYBVILLE, March 22.— 1t has been
mining here steadily since 10 o'clock
:srht. The prospects are that it will
continue to-night and to-morrow. The
country' Is getting a great soaking, an
Inch and a half of rain having fallen al
ready in the present storm, making the
season's rainfall 13.25 Inches.
REDDING, March 22.— Rain began fall-
Ing hero at 10 o'dock last night. Over
a half-inch fell during the night, the total
precipitation for the season up to 7
o'clock this morning measuring 25.51
The San Francisco Call.
* /"> AN RAFAEL, March 22.— For
y L twenty-four hours Marin County
has witnessed one of the great
ly V s- / est rainstorms in its history. No
► particular section seems to have
1 been favored at the expense of an
<■ other, but as regards injury this city J
•■ and Sausalito seem to have taken
' precedence. The marshes are flooded
► from San Quentin Point to San Ra
- fael and the waters roach nearly to I
1 the depot of the North Pacific Coast
► Railroad. Cellars are flooded and a
- high tide at an inopportune moment
* might cause immense damage. The
1 breakwall at Sausalito is badly dam
- aged and there are several places
" where bowlders have been torn loose
" and carried across the roadway. The
*~ house of a laborer came near being
I carried out into the bay near Alameda
y Point and was prevented only by use
V of repp?. Fences were blown down as
y far north as Point Reyes, while at San
t Quentin the chicken farm came near
►■ losing its roof. It is rumored that a
►■ good deal of property has be^n dam
£ aged in the region of the golf links.
k Up to a late hour it was still raining
►" in torrents and it is expected that
£ before the rainfall ceases consider
y- able damage will have been done.
Inches. A heavy rain fell all day and to
night it is still raining hard.
SUISUN, March 22.— The rainfall for
twenty-four hours up to 5 o'clock this
evening wai 2.55 inches, 1.77 falling dur-
I ing the last ton hours. Tho total since the
i Hth Is 6.41 and for the season 16.70 Inches.
I The dam of the Sulsun City Water Works
is mil to overflowing, whli-h means a two
! years" supply. Grain prospects through
out Solano County are excellent.
HOLLISTER, March 22.— A soaking rain
has been falling all day. The gauge at 6
o'clock registered .70 of an inch, making
a total of 2.50 inches for March. It is still
! raining. Hollister will have 25,000 tons
i of hay for shipment as a result of the re
i cent rainfall.
HEALDSBURG. March 22.— Two Inches
I of rain has fallen here since yesterday •
I morning and the precipitation continues.
Crops In this vicinity are doing well and
an enormous yield is looked for. The
vineyards look very promising and the
vintage for this year will be immense.
YUBA CITY. March 22.— The rainfall
since yesterday was 1.68 inches; for the
month, 4.59; for the season, 13.89 inches.
NAPA, March 22.— For eleven hours end
ing at 6 p. m. 1.57 Inches of rain had
fallen; for the month of March 5.44 inches.
It Is still raining.
CHICO, March 22.— The heaviest storm
of the season commenced here early this
morning. Up to 6 o'clock to-night 1.48
inches of rain had fallen, making 14.37
for the season. It is still raining very
hard.
SAX JOSE, March 22.— During the past
twenty-four hours .67 of an inch has
fallen, making 4.12 inches since the 8!h
inst. and 11.91 inches for the season. The
sky is cloudy and more rain will fall to-
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 1899.
TO PROTECT
BEET SUGAR
INDUSTRY
Secretary of Agriculture Wil
son's Plan May Yet Be
Carried Out.
TARIFF WALL NEEDED
Future of the Growing Product Is
Assured by the Operations of
Claus Spreckels and Others,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 22.— A "Washing
ton special to the Evening Post says:
When James Wilson entered the Cabi
net as Secretary of Agriculture he ex
pected to identify his name in history
with the beet sugar industry in the
United States. He had long believed this
country should raise its own sugar and
pay the bills. . Just as the tin plate
business has recently been established
here he hoped that this administration
would mark the complete establishment
lof the beet sugar industry. Such may
yet be the case.
♦ ♦♦♦♦* + <4. + + + + + + + + + +
♦ ♦
•+■ But by the peculiar irony of ♦
+ fate it also fell to this adminis- rf
+ tration to acquire a vast amount +
I + of tropical country of which su- +
-f gar cane is the leading product. +
♦ According to the obvious intent ♦
+ of the constitution cane sugar +
■+■ would have come in free and the ■♦■
■f beet sugar industry been given a -f
+ knock-down blow. +
♦ • ♦
■+♦ ♦ + ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
But as Mr. Wilson and those who
agreed with him in the councils of the
President were not willing to give up
the beet sugar idea they have given an
Impetus to the notion that in some way
a tariff wall against our tropical pos
sessions would be maintained. When
the historian comes to write of the se
quences of the Spanish war and this
probable change of our tariff policy he
will find the key to the economic change
in one word — "sugar." Thus this great
product is making history.
Although Secretary Wilson has felt
sure the products of Porto Rico and the
Philippines would not be admitted to
our markets free he has no little con
cern over the future of his favorite in
dustry. Some time ago he requested
C. F. Saylor, who is the special agent
in charge of the sugar experiments of
the United States, to go to Porto Rico
and there investigate the sugar prob
lem in its relation to the beet sugar
problem in the .United States. Mr. Say
lor has just returned. He does not talk
politics and will not discuss the consti
tutional and revenue side of the sugar
problem, but from his findings of fact
it is very easy to draw positive conclu
sions. He says that the Porto • Rican.
can raise sugar for 2 cents a pound
i and the American beet growers can
i raise sugar of the same standard for
13% cents a pound. In this light it looks
i as if a tariff would continue to be nec
essary to keep up cur beet sugar in
dustry. Mr. Saylor believes that this
I disparity in cost of production in the
I two countries will lessen as time goes
on.
In' the course of an interview Mr.
! Baylor said: "In this country we are
I now producing yearly 289,000 tons of
cane sugar, 41,000 tons of beet sugar,
I 5000 tons of maple sugar and 3000 tons
of sorghum. In the last year we have
doubled the number of beet sugar fac
tories and more than doubled the ca
pacity of their output.
"Claus Spreckels, who is a good Judge
of the future of the industry, has
erected a factory at Salinas, Cal., which
has a capacity for working 3000 tons of
beets daily. This would make a freight
train laden with sugar beets more than
a mile long.
"Henry Oxnard has built a huge fac
tory near Hueneme, Cal., and other fac
tories are in operation in California,
Oregon. Utah, New Mexico, Minnesota,
Nebraska, Michigan, Illinois and New
York. Eight factories are now building ■
in which- six- axe In Michigan. . • J
NATIVES OF SAMAR ISLAND
ACTIVELY PREPARING FOR WAR
California Troops Going Down the Pasig to Embark on the
Transports for Negros.
THEY WILL DIE
TO THE LAST ONE
BEFORE YIELDING
Aguinaldo Does Some Wild Talk
About Leading an Advance
Upon Manila.
MA XI LA. March 22.—Ad
vices have Seen received
from Catbalogan, island of
Samar, showing that trouble with
the natives there is certain to oc-
cur. The headquarters of Gen
eral Lukbani, the insurgent
leader, is at Catbalogan. The
place has been fortified to resist
attack, the women and children
have been removed from the
town to safe places in the in
interior, and General Lukbani de
clares he will never surrender, but
will burn the place if necessary to
prevent it falling into the hands
of the Americans.
The situation of all foreigners
in Catbalogan is precariors. as
the insurgents are ugly, and l icre
is danger of the natives attacking
them.
It is impossible for Otis to send
troops from Manila to the island,
the situation here precluding any
such action. There is great need
for all the troops now here and
those on the way, and the small
ness of the American force ren
ders extensive military move
ments, particularly in the outly
ing islands, practically out of the
question.
Advires from Cebu report everything
quiet there, but an uneasy feeling pre
vails. The British gunboat Plover,
Captain Cowper, sailed from Cohu
March 14 for Ormoc to rescue a British
subject named Cogan, who had been
taken prisoner by the natives. Upon
arriving at Ormoc the Plover found
that Cogan had been removed by his
captors from that place. The Plover
then proceeded to Catbalogan, where it
was learned that Cogan had been taken
to the island of Leyte. A native offi
cer, under orders from General Luk
bani, went on board the warship to as
sist in securing C'ogan's release and the
Plover sailed for Leyte, where the pris
oner was found. His release was ob
tained, but a fight with the natives was
narrowly averted as he was being
taken aboard the Plover.
Captain Cowper found that the na
tives had three Spanish prisoners and
offered to take them aboard ship if they
were released. The natives refused to
surrender them.
Trouble is also threatened at Malit
bog, on the island of Leyte. The na
tives there imagine all foreigners are
plotting apainst them and there is
much uneasinoP? on both sides.
The naval transport Solace and the
troopship Sherman arrived to-day. The
troops aboard are in excellent health,
the only sickness among them being a
few cases of measles. One child, two
eallors and two privates died on the
voyage and one man was drowned in
the Mediterranean.
While apparently inactive since Sun
day, really the opposite .has been the
case with the American forces. ' A. re
organization, entaUins, many changes.
has been in progress. Since the aban
flonrr*»nt rtf the flying: column General
Wheaton's and General Hale's brigades
have not been assigned, but the Ore
gon regiment, the Minnesota regiment
and the Twenty-second, regiment have
been concentrated at the camp or. the
Luneta, on the water front, in readi
ness for immediate transportation
when the plans of the military leaders
have been formulated. Our troops are
entrenched and the situation is prac
tically unchanged.
The enemy has refrained from mak
ing any attacks recently and It would
appear that the rebels are saving their
ammunition for a decisive movement.
According to a prisoner captured by
our troops, Aguinaldo has announced
that he will personally conduct the re
serves at Malolos and march into Ma
nila within twenty days unless the
Americans withdraw in the meantime.
The concentration of rebel forces in
the vicinity of Malabon gives color to
the statement of the prisoner.
One hundred persons arrested here
on suspicion of aiding the rebels have
been released, there being no evidence
to show that they had assisted the in
surgents in any way.
AUTONOMY PROMISED
TO THE FILIPINOS
NEW YORK. March 22.— A Journal
cable from Manila says: The procla
mation to the Filipinos which is about
to be issued by the Philippine Com
mission will assure the population of
the Islands of the intention of the
T'nited States to endeavor to develop
among the natives the power of self
government.
This manifesto will also clearly ex
plain that the American Government
has assumed international obligations
which make it responsible to the whole
world for the establishment of a stable
government in the archipelago, and
that It cannot divest itself of these re
sponsibilities.
The Philippine Commission will in
terpret to the people the purposes of
the President, and will also suggest a
form of government which will suit
the present necessities and the capac
ity of the Filipinos, consistent with the
interests of the United States.
The commission will assure the peo
ple that the President only desires to
establish a system under which the
Filipinos will become capable to ad
minister their own affairs under Amer
ican control and protection. It will
bo made clear to the Filipinos that no
spirit of tyranny or vengeance pos
sesses the United States. Having de-
Btroyed the Spanish power peace Is
bound to be restored, provided the soy
THE TAGALS USING
BRASS-TIPPED BULLETS
NEW YORK, March 22. — The Washington correspondent of the Her
ald telegraphs: Reports received at the War Department to-day from
medical officers serving with the troops in the Philippines show that
Aguinaldo's army is using brass-tipped bullets.
Several American soldiers have been wounded by these poisonous
projectiles, and in consequence the wounds are more difficult to heal
than those caused by the ordinary bullet. Of course the authorities
can do nothing to prevent the insurgents using any kind of bullets they
can find. They have no government to which an appeal can be made.
Their action in this respect, the officials say, is another indication of
their utter unfltness for self-government.
MINDANAO MORROS
HOLD AMERICAN
SAILORS AT BAY
Not a Man Has Yet Been Landed
at Zamboango From the
Cruiser Boston.
► IIXHLO, March 22.— The coasting steamer Romulus has arrived here
fr-vn Zambnanpa. on the island of Mindanao, with upward of I<V> pas
• sengera, including Spanish officials with their wives and families who
are returning to Spain. They report that 2000 Spanish troops, collected
' from the southern islands, are at Zamboanga awaiting a transport.
, which is long overdue.
When the Romulus sailed on Monday no Americans had been land
i ed from the cruiser Boston. Provisions are purchased from the
Moros, who freely enter the town armed with knives and spears.
> The Spanish commandant. General Montero. advised the Ameri
cans not to land, except in small numbers, because the natives threat
-1 en a conflict and iritend to take possession of the town. Their atti
, tude is determined.
The Romulus brings Spaniards and natives returning to Cebu,
i whence they fled upon the abandonment by the Spanish garrison.
A passenger says the Boston was grounded for two days at Zam
-1 boanga.
ereignty of the American Government
is accepted. The Insurgents will be in
vited to lay down their arms and to
trust in the Government that emanci-
pated them from oppression.
It is now evident the majority of the
members of the Philippine Commission
are inclined to grant to the Filipinos a
port of tribal or provincial local au
tonomy, under a central American re
gime, which shall be of a military char
acter until a purely civil system can be
introduced.
The address of the commission will
be printed in all the dialects of the
archipelago and will be posted on all
the Islands. It is hoped that a great
majority of intelligent natives will at
once desert the cause of the insurgents,
a result which the commission confi
dently believes will surely ensue should
the insurgents suffer another defeat.
OTIS WILL BEGIN
FORWARD MOVEMENT
NEW YORK, March 22.— The Wash
ing correspondent of the Herald tele-
graphs:
It was officially stated at the State
Department to-day that the proclama
tion issued by the Philippine Commis
sion is in accordance with instructions
given to President Schurman and his
associates. It is the understanding of
officials here that within forty-eight
hours General Otis will recommence
active work against the Filipinos by fol
lowing up the proclamation of the com
mission. In this manner, the officials
say, he will impress upon the Filipinos
the purpose of the United States to end
the insurrection and the hopelessness
of further resistance.
BENNINGTON CAPTURES
SOME FILIBUSTERS
MANILA, March 23.— The gunboat
Bennington arrived here this morning.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
towing two small steamships and a
brig, which were seized on suspicion of
being filibusters. They were captured
at Sorsogon.
The transport St. Paul has returned
from Hollo. She confirms the news of
fighting between the Americans and in
surgents at Jaro and Molo last week.
The American loss was one killed and
fifteen wounded.
WEYLER'S JOURNAL
SLANDERS QUEEN
MADRID. March 22.— The Govern
ment has ordered thr- prosecution of
General Weyler's organ. El Nacionale,
and of several Republican and OarliPt
newspapers for publishing, with of
fensive comments, a report that the
Queen Regent was about to abdicate
and to marry an Austrian A
The offending papers h;.ve been
seized. The affair is regarded as part
of the campaign against the Stlvela
Government in view of the coming
parliamentary elections.
Don Carlos, the pretender, is said to
have given his adherents carte blanche
to act in their own discretion in the
matter of voting or abstaining from
the polls.
SOLDIER'S ACCOUNT
OF THE FIGHTING
In an interesting letter descriptive of
the early fighting with the Filipinos
at Manila Sergeant H. L. Leffmann of
Company L. First California Volun
teers, who carried the colors during the
battle, writes:
Company G put a patrol on the road
leading to the firing line and was fired
upon by the enemy from behind houses.
Immediately we pitched into the houses,
capturing fifty-three prisoners and killing
seven natives. Alter that we set fire to
the whole place. Nearly every house con
tained guns and ammunition, so we had to
"make ourselves scarce," as shots were
flying in all directions. During all this
time the boys on the firing line were
pumping lead into the natives at a great
rate and the natives were doing the same
to us. The boys were falling rapidly when
the order for a charge was given. With a
whoop and a yell they jumped up and
made a grand charge. The enemy could
not stand it, and. oecame demoralized.
They retreated, with the Idahos. Wash
ingtons and Californians after them red
hot.
General King was there, looking as cool
as a cucumber, giving directions to this
regiment and then to the next one. Rid
ing up to our boys he yelled to them as
they were charging: "Give them ,
California boys; give them !"
He was answered with three cheers and
a tiger and away. they went, across field
after field to the town of Santa Ana. Tere
Were two Krupp guns, in a sort of fort,
but this did not stop them. They contin
ued on and burned the town.
After the insurgents retreated from
Santa Ana a party In a church in the rear
of our headquarters commenced firing: on
us, at the same time flying a white flag.
Our company deployed and ,yr^ banged, At2
them for half an hour from behind a stone
wall. We succeeded in killing a couple,
but couid not get at the main body. W a
, sent word to the artillery, which
■was situated about a mile away, and had
them bombard the church. ISot a shot
missed though they could not see the
place. In a few minutes the church was
ir. ruins and burning, but still no one ap
peared. Finally eight of the nallves ran
m:t nnd received a volley from us. They
1 up their toes. Still we could not
iiccount for the rest.
.After the fire died out there remained
only the ruins of the church and a higii
: iwer alongside. About two hours after
that firing was recommenced from the
tower, ar.d we had to attack it again, and
also bombard it. Although it was reduced
to ruins still no one made an appearance.
AYe surmised that they must have a secret
exit, and although we had the place sur
rounded we cov.ld not find any one.
Meanwhiio the fighting on the left was
fierce. An orderly came dashing up
and Company I, received orders to join
General Ovenshine's brigade. Away over
to the left we went, joining the Four
teenth regulars. Fourth Cavalry and one
company of Washingrtons. They had made
a charge and were driven back. Joined
by L, company and some other troops
they made another dash. This time we
succeeded, and how we ever escaped I
cannot Bullets were thicker than
hall, and dead natives were piled two and
three hiph. Away the Insurgents fled be
fore us. jumping into the river, into wells,
and feigning death. We drove them back
some miles past a road that led to San
Pedro Macate. We stopped here, as the
battle, which lasted some twenty-two
hours, had enued, although there was a
little firing off and on during the night.
STATE OFFICERS NAMED.
United Mechanics Conclude Their
Session at San Jose.
SAN JOSE. March 22.— The annual State
council of the Order of United Mechanics
closed its session to-day. The following
officers were elected. Past State council
lor, \Y. H. Bellinger , I^os Angeles; State
councillor, H. G. Squier, San Jose; vice
councillor. J. F. Burns, Los Angeles;
State secretary, Herman Paine. Oakland;
State treasurer, Geor.^.- A. Montell. A!a
meda; national representatives, D. R.
Los Angeles, five years; F. A.
Tibbatts. San Francisco, three years.
The next session will be heM in San
Francisco on the third Tuesday in March,
1300.
WAR WOULD FOLLOW
ARMY DISBANDMENT
Cubar) Assembly Believes Anarchy
Is Imminent on the
IslaQd.
H HAVANA, March 22.— At a meeting of the Executive Committee of B
O the Cuban Assembly to-day twelve generals of the army attended and »
«| presented their submission to that body and expressed their willingness
\ ■ to carry out its desires. SS
A long discussion took place over the proposed disbandment of the O
•* army. Kach militar\* leader declared that if the Assembly took such a •"
step at the present time the result would be disastrous, in the extreme, eg
,-, All thought the peace of the country was now preserved merely by the O
# cohesion of soldiers and their obedience to their officers' commands. If •*
disbanded on instructions from the Assembly without satisfactory regu. c»
V lation, or even with the proposed payment of $3,000,000, it would simply 8
H throw the country into a state of anarchy. Disorders of every kind, they •*
& said, would occur, with a consequent postponement of Cuban independ- 4 \
?5 ence. General of Division Gonzales declared if such a course were g
.'• adopted the island in two weeks would be in a state of war. .'•
SPEAKER REED
HAS NOT SPOKEN
His Aspirations for the
Presidency.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
+ 4..+ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ +
♦ ♦
■f . LEWISTON, Me., March 22.— ♦
♦/ Amos L. Aller, secretary to -f
■♦■ Speaker Reed, says regarding •*■
■♦■ the interview printed to-day, in -f
'•?■. which he was made to say that -f
4-. Mr. Reed would not be a candi- +
V date for the Presidential +
+ tion in '1900, that he did not make +
■♦■ such a statement, and he did not +
#- know whether Mr. Reed would -f
+" , be. a candidate or not. . . "♦"
%'+ ++++.+ ++ + + *>/jgf
THOMASVILLE, Ga., March 22.—
•President McKinley and Vice President
Hobart returned to the home of Sena
tor Hanna this evening much refreshed
and pleased with their trip to ' Jekyll
: Island. Nearly four-hours" to-day was
spent in a pleasant water trip from
H Jekyll to Brunswick. <..
• At Brunswick all the shipping in
cluding p three Spanish vessels saluted
the President's cutter, the Colfax. H.
•B. Raymond. Southern manager of the
Mallor'y line, presented to the President
• a good-sized Spanish flag- from the
bark Taff alia, which had been waved
in -salute as the President's boat steam
ed down the bay to Jekyll last Monday.
: Tire- flag was presented with the com
pliments of Rosenio Terras, late yiee
Consul of Spain. This courtesy greatly
■ pleased Mr. McKinley. was given a
The Presidential train was given a
parting cheer and pulled out of Bruns
■ wlek it l 45 o'clock, arriving in Thorn
■ JsvSle at 5*35. The Presidential party
: drove a? once to Senator Banna's and
- rested during the evening. Friday the
President probably will go to ' Tallahas
. see, returning the same. day. Early
-next week he will leave here. for Wash
. ington. . it '__
STRIFE OVER PROFITS
• FOR BURYING DEAD
LOS ANGELES, March 22.-The war
fare on the part of the Coroner against
certain undertakers has been revived by
the death of Fong Kirn, a Chinese woman
who expired in* the Receiving Hospital
from the effects of opium self-admmis
tored Coroner Holland notified one firm
to take charge of the body, but fnends
of the- deceased desired that she be buried
by another. By jugglery the firm which
the Coroner indicated obtained the corpse.
The husband of the dead woman asserts
—and witnesses confirm his statements—
that the Coroner took him into a back
room and threatened to "make it warm
for him" if he did not permit the funeral
to take place from a designated under
taking establishment, and intimated th.it
extra expenses would bo added to th©
case. This pressure won the victory. The
Coroner denies the charges,, but the body
was buried by the firm he favored.
KOREAN CABINET HAS
BEEN DISMISSED
YOKOHAMA, March 22.— According to
a report from Seoul, capital of Korea, the
whole Korean Cabinet had been dis
missed and two of the Ministers have
been banished because of wholesale
changes made by the Cabinet in provin
cial officers.
The retiring Korean Cabinet, or Coun
cil of State, succeeded the Ministry that
resigned last October, when the question
of the formation of a parliament for Ko
rea was raised by a leading political or
ganisation <* Seoul.
GERMANS INSIST
THAT CHAMBERS
BE WITHDRAWN
Threaten to Take Up Arms
Against Americans in
Samoa.
ERLIN, March 22.— A petition was received at the Foreign Office here
to-day, signed by all the Germans in Samoa, protesting vehemently
against the retention of Chief Justice Chambers and the. further main
tenance of the Berlin treaty, which is characterized as no longer bear
able. The petitioners detail a number of alleged contraventions of the
treaty by Mr. Chambers and especially toward Herr Grevesmuhl, the Chief
of Police. The petition and the official reports will be sent to the United
States Embassador, Andrew D. White, in support of the German case.
The Lokal Anzeiger publishes a letter from its Samoan correspondent,
Herr yon Wolfersdorff, dated February 21. After recounting the critical
situation the writer declares that if the German Government will not help
the Germans of Apia against the alleged injustice and outrages of Mr.
Chambers the Germans will rise armed and obtain the desired redress.
The correspondent then describes the indignation of the Germans when
the instructions of the Foreign Office arrived, ordering the recognition of
Mr. Chambers.
The Tageblatt demands the removal of F. B. S. Maxse, the British Con
sul at Apia, claiming he is the prime cause of all the trouble.
Alluding to the inconveniences of the Berlin treaty, the petition from
Samoan Germans begs that if the Government cannot annul the treaty and
declare a German protectorate, it shall at least obtain an amendment se
curing "real equality of privilege" to the three nations, so that German
law, language and money may be assured equality of privilege, that offi
cials may be appointed under the treaty who understand the German
language and that the powers of the Chief Justice may be properly de
fined. The petitioners oppose partition.
CRACKER AND
CANDY TRUST
Consolidation of Pacific
Coast Plants.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. March 22.—Follow
ing closely the recent announcement
that a cracker trust would be formed
on the Pacific Coast by Charles M.
Warner of Syracuse comes the infor
mation to the commercial world that
a syndicate is now paving the way to
create a great candy trust to control
the sweetmeat industry of the Western
slope.
Robert Shaw of Chicago and former
Corporation Counsel Charles E. Ide of
Syracuse have been here, taking an
inventory of the two local cracker fac
tories—those of the Southern California
Cracker Company and Bishop & Co.
These concerns, manufacturing crack
ers and candies, have agreed to sell
their cracker departments to the trust.
The two men are now in San Francisco
making an inspection of the Standard
and the American Biscuit Companies'
plants.
While here they entered into nego
tiations with local firms to have them
dispose of their candy departments to
Warner and his colleagues. The three
members of the Southern California
Cracker Company agreed to transfer
their whole interests in the candy busi
ness to Shaw, the agent of the trust.
They have signed documents agreeing
to remain out of the candy business in
the district to be occupied by the pro
posed buyers for twenty yeaTs. Bishop
& Co. have ndt given the trust an op
tioa on their candy department, which
includes the manufacturing of crystal
lized fruits also. It is understood they
ask for a bonus amounting to a con
siderable sum. Shaw regards this as
too large.
If the trust cannot get Bishop"s candy
business at its own price it will re
linquish the option on the cracker plant,
and in order to exterminate its rival
the trust will cut prices on crackers
nnd candies. If the undesirable com
petitor cannot be "frozen out" by this
procedure it may be compelled to sell
at the figures of the trust.
FORTY-NINE PERSONS
ARE YET MISSING
NEW YORK, March 22.— Besides the
fifteen whose dead bodies have been re
covered, forty-nine persons who are sup
posed to have been in the Windsor Hotel
when it was destroyed on Friday are yet
unaccounted for. No bodies were recov
ered to-day, but shortly after 6 o'clock to
night a fragment of charred flesh Was
found on the Fifth avenue side of the
ruins near where other bodies were found,
but deeper down.
The five bodies that were recovered on
Monday and Tuesday, or what remains
of them, are still at the Morgue. One has
partly been identified by two of the hotel
employes as that of Mrs. Margaret Auzee
of New York, but this identification is
not considered conclusive.
The rain to-day interfered with the
rapid progress of the work to some ex
tent and it was not until the afternoon
that the workers succeeded in getting
steadily down to the removal of the de
bris. The Fire Department still has its
lines about the ruins, Isolating a consid
erable section of one of tho busiest parts
of the city. A force of about 250 men was
employed throughout the afternoon and
a new shift of Die same number was put
on at night.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money it it fails to cure.
too. - The icsnulne h&j I* EL U, on each tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 23. 1899.
ALGER STARTS ON
A CUBAN JUNKET
WaQts to Get Familiar With Island
Conditions ar)d a I^est prom
Work.
f| WASHINGTON, March 22.— Secretary Alger and a party of friends ■
Q left here to-night for Savannah, Ga., on their way to Cuba. They oc- 'Q
g cupied a special car on the train leaving over the Southern Railroad at g
gj 9 o'clock, which is scheduled- to reach Savannah about 3 o'clock to-mor- j?
t£ row. At the latter place the party will take the transport Ingalls, in £>
g which the voyage to Havana will be made. The Secretary's trip has two jg|
J8 objects in view, first, to familiarize himself with the existing conditions *^
<5 in Cuba, and second, to obtain a brief respite from the' routine of office #
§ duties. Whether the trip will be extended beyond Havana will depend
gg entirely upon circumstances that may hereafter develop. Those who ac- #
Q companied the Secretary included Mr. Smith, -his business partner at O
.' Detroit; A. M. Henry, his brother-in-law, and H. G. Meredith of De- 88
troit; Major George H. Hopkins, his military aid; Colonel W. D. Mann a
rt and Victor L. Mason, his private secretary. rt
OLD COMMANCHE
FOR THE FERRY
Monitor Is Sold to an
Oakland Firm.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
■f Call Headquarters, Wellington ♦
♦ Hotel, Washington, March 22. ♦
•f- The Navy Department to-day -t
♦ authorized the sale of one of -f
+ the few old single-turreted mon- ♦
+ itors remaining afloat. Four -t
+ proposals were opened at the +
+ Mare Island navy yard for the ♦
+ sale of the monitor Comanche. -f
+ The highest bidder was the +
-f firm of J. Pantesky, Bircovich & -f
■♦• Livingston of Oakland, Cal.. at ♦
■f $6581 25, and the department -f
+ directed the acceptance of the 4
+ bid. ♦
OAKLAND, March 22.— The old mon
itor Comanche is not to be broken up.
She is to be dismantled, rehabilitated
and will be seen for years doing a
freight and ferry business on San
Francisco Bay. Such is the deci'ee of
her new owners.
The bid of Messrs. Pantesky. Berco
vich & Livingston of this city was ac
cepted at Washington to-day. This
firm was very anxious to secure the
old hulk and made a bid higher than
they would have done had they not
seen a profitable future for the Co
manche.
Several days ago the firm sent a bid
to Washington, but this morning, fear
ing that others had bid higher, they
sent a substantial raise* by telegraph
of their former figures. The result. of
the bidding shows that their latest
figures were accepted.
"We had a survey made of the Co
manche," said Mr. Pantesky to-night,
"and decided that she was just the
boat we wanted for a freight ferry.
We do a big freight business ourselves
and see a need for such a boat. We
shall take out her engines and put in
good machinery and use her on the
bay. She will carry about 1800 tons,
and we will have plenty of work for
her. Our plans call for the expendi
ture of $50,000."
WITH THE REMAINS
OF ADMIRAL SPOTTS
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
IW-rald. Copyrighted, ISB3, by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO, March 2S.— T,he United
States auxiliary cruiser Badger arrived
this morning from Fort Monroe, bound
for San Francisco. She carries the body
of Bear Admiral James H. Spotts, who
died in the Falkland Islands. Rear Ad
miral James H. Spotts was stricken with
apoplexy on board the United States
steamer BroOKivn at Port dtanley, Falk
land Islands, on March 9. ISS2, while re
ceiving an official visit from the Governor
of the islands. He died that night and
was buried at Port Stanley, mainly owing
to the absence of embalming facilities.
Governor Kerr presented a cemetery lot
for his burial, and the Enclish battery
on shore fired a salute of thirteen guns
while the funeral procession passed.
FAMOUS STALLION DYING.
Gangrene Attacks Hanover and He
Will Be Destroyed.
LEXINGTON, Ivy., March 22.— Hano
ver, probably the greatest stallion living,
is dying here of gangrene. A meeting of
veterinary surgeons to-morrow will de
cide whether he shall be shot, put to
death by morphine or the disease be al
lowed to run its course. It if more than
likely, however, that he will be killed to
morrow.
SPENDS HIS
FURY UPON A
WOMAN'S HEAD
Cowardly Crime of a Los An
geles Man at Loomis,
Wash.
AGED WIDOW BEATEN
Clubbed With a Revolver Because
She Refused to Alter a
Contract.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March 22.— A special from
Doomis, in the northeastern part of
Washington, says: In a neat five-room
cabin on a ranch two and a half miles
north of Loomis lies the victim of what
is considered one of the most cowardly
acts man could commit. Mrs. Julia Un
derwood, for refusing to abrogate a
contract made last September in the
name of E. H. Melrose of Los Angeles,
and signing a new one much more to
his interest and in his right name, E. H.
O'Melveny, was brutally beaten into a
state of insensibility with a 44-caliber
revolver.
No witnesses were present. A niece
of Mrs. Underwood, Miss Lou Hunt,
had been asked to absent herself, as
they had business of a private nature
to discuss. Miss Hunt complied, and
some time later returned to find the
room in disorder and confusion, Melrose
highly excited and Mrs. Underwood on
the bed unconscious, with a towel
around her head saturated with blood.
With presence of mind. Miss Hunt
forced her aunt's assailant to go for
Dr. Willard at Loomis. The young lady
then summoned the ranch foreman,
and together they succeeded in bring
ing Mrs. Underwood to a state of semi
consciousness, when she little by little
told how her injuries had been received.
Melrose, who has been receiving mail
both as Melrose and O'Melveney, came
from Los Angeles, Cal., and repre
sented himself as a cattleman seeking
health. In this way he leased the Un
derwood ranch and cattle. He was to
pay all expenses for a certain interest.
Mrs. Underwood, it is claimed, finding
out his real character, confronted him
with it, and since then there has been
trouble, culminating in the attack.
Mrs. Underwood is 65 years of age,
a widow, with a married daughter in
Grundy County, lowa, whence she
came to this place in 1894.
Melrose is about five feet eight inches
tall, rather Blight, has brown hair and
mustache streaked with gray, promi
nent ears, wrinkles about and below
the eyes, a receding chin with center
dimple, and is 41 years old. He was
last seen a few miles south of the in
ternational line. A posse of five dep
uties is out searching for him. and a
suitable reward will be offered for his
capture.
Dr. Willard reports Mrs. Under
wood's condition as favorable, though
still very critical. The wound in the
back of her head is quite serious.
JOHN COLLINS HAS
MADE A CONFESSION
PAINESVILLE, 0., March 22.— John
Collins, who was arrested here yesterday
with Mrs. Ann Ingersoll on the charge
of abducting Gerald Lapiner from in
front of his parents' house in Chicago
about a year ago, has made a confession.
Collins says he is an old soldier. He
was an inmate of the National Military
Home at Los Angeles. There he met
Mrs. Ingersoll. She told him she had a
farm at Painesville and asked him to
come east and live with her. They came
to Chicago, where they arrived a few
days before the last of May, 189 S. On
Decoration day Mrs; Ingersoll came to
him with the child. She said she had
found the little one on the street. They
remained in Chicago a few days and then
came east to Painesville. Collins said he
had no suspicion that the child had been
abducted and he believed Mrs. Ingersoll
when she said she had found the little
one.
Collins was held in $300 and Mrs. In
gersoll in $3000 bail for the hearing on
Thursday. A hearing was had to-night
on a writ of habeas corpus, and Judge
Clark, of the Common Pleas Court,
awarded the custody of the child to Mrs.
Lapiner.
INVITATIONS FOR THE
COMING WEDDING
NEW YORK, March 22.— Invitations for i
the marriage of Miss Virginia Fair to i
William K. Vanderbilt Jr., which • will
take . place on Tuesday, April 4, "at the '
home of the bride's sister, ; Mrs. Herman 1
Oelrichs, Fifth avenue and Fifty-seventh
street; have been Issued. The cards in
troduce an entirely • new departure In
wedding invitations. They have the let- :
ters "R. S. V. P.," setting forth accord- '
ing to familiar usage that an acceptance
or regret is requested. It is probable that I
the guests at the wedding will be leas
than 100 in number. ' ' • . - -. f
BALLINGTON BOOTH'S
FRICTION WITH THE
SALVATION ARMY
CHICAGO, March 22.-The recent clash between the Sa Jy a "°? j l ™* ffjj
Volunteers during a street parade of the latter, headed by General
Ballington Booth, has resulted in a deal of trouble between the^ vo
organizations. The showing by magic lantern of a deathbed picture
of Ballington Booth's mother at the moment of the general s appear
ance has caused much bitterness, and at a council of the general officers or
the Volunteers the following statement was given out:
"We. the undersigned, seventy-seven staff and field commanding officers
assembled in regimental council, desire to express our opinion that, while n
would be generally conceded by the many friends and associates of the \ «
unteers that General and Mrs. Ballington Booth have acted with great dis
cretion in withholding from the press and platform their feelings respect ng
the actions of the Salvation Army, most wishing to avoid any resurrection
of public controversy, yet, in justice to our many Volunteers and friends in
and around Chicago and In contradiction of certain statements, it is only
right and fair that we should express our admiration of the Christian spirit
exhibited by the Volunteers in the face of the manifestations of un-Chris
tian, un-American and bitter spirit on the part of the Salvationists yester
day.
"We were having a peaceable parade, witnessed by hundreds of people,
when we were shocked to witness the action of certain officers of the Salva
tion Army. General Booth's mother's picture was thrown on the screen just
as he was passing, both backward and forward, purposely to create the im
pression that he made vows to the Salvation Army at her deathbed, when,
as we all know, at the time of her death he was in Maryland, U. S. A. Fur
ther, in the presence of our leader. General Booth, Brigadier General Field
ing, Colonel James Keppel and others, one Salvation Army staff officer said,
with a hiss through his teeth: 'Hurrah for Major Moore's army' (a name
associated with a reputed scandal).
"Another member shouted, shaking his fist in our faces: 'You devils,
you!' while a third, who was also an officer, pointing to the screen, said:
'Look at that. How can you do it when you made vows at your mother's
bed?'
"We take this as an Insult to our leader and our visiting officers to the
city of Chicago, and feel that, as citizens, we have a right to demand a pub
lic apology from Lieutenant Colonel French, as it is a distinct breach of the
compact between General Ballington Booth and his father, General William
Booth.
•'lt is such actions as these which have brought from the Salvation
Army to the Volunteers during the last few weeks Lieutenant Colonel and
Mrs. Keppel, Brigadier General and Mrs. Marshall, Staff Captain Thomas,
Adjutant and Mrs. Johnson, Staff Captain and Mrs. Leecher, Adjutant
Prayer, Major Lennox. Captain and Mrs. Anderson, Captain and Mrs. Beedy,
Captain and Mrs. Turk, Captain Lamming and many others whom we
could name.
"Furthermore, we resolve that this resolution be tendered to the Asso
ciated Press. »
"Signed by the staff and field officers of the Volunteers."
TRUST TO FIGHT
BELL COMPANY
Independent Telephone
Men Combine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, March 22.— The Record
to-morrow will say: Independent tele
phone manufacturing interests have
organized to fight the Bell Company
with a trust of their own. At a secret
session this afternoon the ways were
greased for the launching of a $7,000,
--000 combine. W. T. Blame, president
of the Victor Telephone Manufactur
ing Company of this city, is in charge
as promoter in chief. It is represented
there is a prospect of combining 90 per
cent of the factories producing "inde
pendent" apparatus. Details as to the
plants included, as well as the sources
from which capital for their acquisi
tion is to come, are zealously guarded,
but the names of John J. Mitchell,
president of the Illinois Trust and
Savings Bank, Assistant United States
Treasurer William P. Williams and
Mr Merigold, a New York banker, are
mentioned as the financial sponsors of
the deal.
Mr. Blalne's plans are reported to
embrace the combining, among others,
of the following concerns: American
Electric Telephone Company, Chicago;
Victor Telephone Manufacturing Com
pany. Chicago; Western Telephone
Construction Company, Chicago: Key
stone Telephone Company, Plttsburg;
Reliable Electric Manufacturing Com
pany Worcester. Mass.; Mason Tele
phone Pay Station Company; W r illiams
Electric Company, Cleveland. Ohio:
Northwestern Electric Telephone Com
pany Milwaukee; Sterling Electric
Company, Chicago; Stromberg-Carlson
Telephone Manufacturing Company,
Chicago; Farr Telephone and Con
struction Company. Chicago; Viaduct
Manufacturing Company, Baltimore;
Eureka Electric Company, Chicago;
Butler-Taylor Company. Ravenna,
Ohio- National Automatic Telephone
Company. Chicago; Central Telephone
and Electric Company, St. Louis.
It is declared that one of the most
influential factories outside of the 8.-ll
breastworks, the Kellogg Switchboard
and Supply Company of Chicago, has
thus far resisted all overtures to join
the combine.
FOLLOWERS OF THE
KHALIFA DESERTING
LONDON. March 23.— The Cairo corre
spondent of the Daily Mail telegraphs the
substance of an interview he has had
with Sir William Edmund Garstln, Un
der Secretary of State for Public Works
in Egypt, who has just returned from a
Nile tour.
Sir William Garstln says that according
to the latest reports the Khalifa, the der
vish leader in the Soudan, is in great
straits for food and ammunition. He has
only 6000 fighting men and a thousand
rebels while he is hampered by an enor
mous following of women and children.
Many of his followers are anxious to de
sert him and 200 of them actually did sur
render to Sir William Garstin's gunboat
during the trip.
FEMALE CONVICT
REFUSES FREEDOM
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 22.— Mrs.
Augusta Schmidt, who Is serving a ten
years' sentence In the Indiana Woman's
Prison, has been paroled by Governor
Mount and declines to accept her free
dom. She is in the prison for the alleged
murder of Oscar Walton, a Cass County
farmer, in 1594, and says she will not
leave the institution until the Judge and
jury which tried her acknowledge to
Governor Mount that she is Innocent and
that they were in error when they passed
judgment on htr. The State officers say
that it is one of the very few instances
in the criminal history of the State where
liberty has been offered and refused.
DEPENDS YON MOHRENHEIM.
French Premier Refutes Accusations
Against the Russian.
PARIS, March 22.— 1n the Chamber of
Deputies to-day the allegations made
against Baron yon Mohrenhelm, the
former Russian Embassador here, in con
nection with the Dreyfus case were the
subject of an interpellation of the Gov
ernment. The Premier, M. Dupuy Indie?
nantly repelled all the insinuations
against the representative of an allied
nation, whose services to France could
never he forgotten, and vigorously pro
tested the action of the newspapers
which originated such scandalous falsi
ties.
Gage Signs No More Bills.
SACRAMENTO. March 22. --Governor
Gage left the Capitol this evening for San
Francisco. He signed no bills to-day
though he has a large batch awaiting his
consideration, '
ALGER`S PETTY
SUP AT MILES
Orders That Censure
Two Generals.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 22.
The Secretary of "War, in an order,
which will be published through official
channels to-morrow, has censured Ma
jor General Miles and Inspector General
Breckinridge for attempting to exceed
their authority in military matters.
The censure is in consequence of the
tour of Inspection which General Breck
inridge is now making in Porto Rico
and an investigation recently made by
Lieutenant Colonel Ernest A. Garling
ton of the inspector general's depart
ment in connectic-n with the charges
made by Miles about the character of
beef served to troops In the field.
General Breckinridge was ordered
about two months ago to proceed to
Cuba and Porto Rico far the purpose
of inspecting the military camps in
those islands. His orders were issued
by the Secretary of War. It has since
been reported to the War Department,
however, that Breckinridge is engaged
in gathering evidence to support the
allegations of Miles, and in so doing has
proceeded to places to which he was
not ordered by the Secretary of War,
and has been devoting time to work for
the benefit of Miles and outside the in
structions issued by the Secretary.
Colonel Garlington recently went to
Chicago, ostensibly to- make certain in
vestigations coming within the province
of the inspector general's -department.
He did not go by authority of the Sec
retary of War. It was recently ascer
tained by the War Department that he
was devoting time to making inquiries
with which the board to investigate the
charges of Miles abc.-ut canned and re
frigerated beef had been charged, thus
undertaking without authority of the
department to make an independent in
vestigation of matters with which a
board composed of his superior officers
and appointed by direction of the
President had been intrusted.
When these facts became known to
the War Department an official in
quiry w T as made to ascertain by whose
authority Breckinridge and Garlington
were making investigations which had
not been sanctioned by the departmtMit.
It is said the department found that
Miles and Breckinridge were responsi
ble. As a consequence, the Seeretn.iv
oJE War will, to-morrow, issue an order
providing that hereafter officers of the
inspector general's department shrill
not proceed from point to point for the
purpose of making investigations with
out the authority of the Secretary of
War.
Secretary Alger was not consulted as
to the trip which Colonel Garllngton
has just completed, and was forced to
take the action contained in the order
from the fact that officers of his own
department were making independent
investigations of which he had no
knowledge, evidently intended to un
dermine the authority of the head of
the department and that of the board
of officers appointed by direction of the
President.
This is taken as a direct slap at
Miles, who, during the war, notified
Secretary Alger it wae not his (Miles')
business to make inspections, but to
order them made; in other words, that
the inspector general's department was
directly responsible to the commanding
general. _______^____
BURIED THIRTEEN DAYS.
LEADVILLE, Colo., March 22.— At 11
o'clock to-night the two mine pumpmen,
Charles Reuss and Burt Froy, who were
imprisoned in the Bonair mine th'rtten
days ago. were reached by the rescuers
and restored to their friends. They show
little effects of their experience. They
were on the 430 level when a cave near
the top of the shaft cut them off from
the outer world. Fortunately the bijj
water pipe was not broken by the cave
and by blowing a hole in it with dyna
mite the men were enabled to communi
cate with their friends who kept them
supplied with food, while a new shaft
over 200 feet deep was sunk. The cost of
rescuing- the men has been over $3000.
' WHY HE KILLED HIS CHILDREN.
McPHERSON. Kana., March 22.— John
A. Moore, who murdered his five children
at Hutchinson and who was brought here
as a protection against a threatened
lynching, confessed his crime to-day be
fore a notary public. • The prisoner stated
that he had quarreled with his wife and
1 a. separation was talked of, in
which event he feared that his children
would come under the control fof -Ha
wife's family, whom he dislikes. It was
brooding over the prospect of his children
being reared in such surroundings? he de
posed, that prompted him to ■ crush their
and flnTthVh hatel } et> cut their fthroas
and fire the house in which' their bodies
ALL DUE TO A
CABLE BLUNDER
A French Company Re
ported Sherman Dead.
SURPRISE ON THE PARIS
FOUND FLAG FLYING AT HALF
MAST AT SANTIAGO.
Meanwhile the Condition of the Ven
erable Statesman Improves and
He Will Go Aboard the
Chicago To-day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
4- • . ♦
4- WASHINGTON, March 22.— ♦
♦ General A. W. Greely, chief of +
4- the signal corps, to-night gave .4
-- to the Associated Press the fol- 4
♦ lowing signed statement with 4
-- reference to the report that the 4
-- signal officer at Guantanamo 4
+ had confirmed the report of ex- 4
-- Secretary Sherman's death: . 4
-4 "War Department, Office of +
+ Chief Signal Officer, Washing- 4
♦ ton, D. C... March 22, 1899— +
4* the Associated Press: Captain 4
-- Leigh telegraphs me from San- +
+ • tiago that the information re- 4
-- garding Mr. Sherman's alleged 4
-- death came direct from the rep- 4
-- resentative of the French cable 4
-- company at Guantanamo and 4
-- tKat the responsibility for the +
4- signal- corps is limited to the 4
-- telegraphic transmission of the +
4- story. Yours truly, 4
-- A. W. GREELY." 4
-- 4
-44-44-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-- 4--4- 4
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, March 22.—
When the Paris reached here yesterday
those on board of her noticed that the
flag flying from Morro Castle, at the
entrajice of the harbor, was at half
mast, and it was inferred by the pas
sengers that some chief perso-nage was
dead. Their surprise was great when
told on being reached by a tug that a
report was current that Mr. Sherman
was dead.
It now turns out respecting the un
fortunate report of Mr. Sherman's
death, which is the main topic of con
versation here to-day, that the an
nouncement was made by the French
cable company and the signal corps
within ten minutes of each other. When
Captain Leigh, the chief signal officer,
ascertained that the report was er
roneous he immediately communicated
with the Guantanamo station to dis
cover the cause of the blunder. The
man in charge of the station replied
that having received a message of in
quiry as to Mr. Sherman's health, and
not having any information himself, he
visited the manager of the French cable
company, who assured him that the re
port of the death was well founded.
Thereupon he telegrt.phed a confirma
tion of the rumor, having no reason to
doubt the assurance given him. The
French cable company's officials here
clafm to know nothing' regarding tr.^
matter. .
Mr. Sherman's relatives on board the
Paris are naturally somewhat indignant
at somebody's stupendous blunder, but
Captain Leigh considers that the man
in charge of the Guantanamo signal
c-fflce w r as entirely justified in accepting
the statement of the French cable com
pany's manager.
Mr. Sherman's condition this evening
continues about the same. He rested
quite comfortably throughout the day,
and if anything is somewhat better. He
expects to go .on board the United
States cruiser Chicago to-morrow.
SHERMAN FELL
INTO THE' WATER
NEW YORK. March 22.— A letter
from Porto Rico says that at the time
of the visit of the steamship Paris to
Porto Rico, on March 11, Senator Sher
man, on returning to the ship fro-m the
city, fell into the water. It is probable
that the illness from which he is now
suffering: was contracted at that time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LIFEor
DEATH.
A noted educator and philosopher once said:
"Health and disease are conditions on which
depend pleasure or sorrow, happiness or un-
happtness. success or failure. Health makes
a man equal to any emergency. Disease makes
him unequal to the ordinary duties of life. It
is economy to be well."
Z x* cRSFA/t e rt O
© j^^^K * °
<1: *■£.■■■■' V '■=
i Jim^ I
DOCTOR SWEANY,
The old reliable and longest-established special-
ists on the Pacific Coast.
NEBVOUS DEBILITY and all its attend-
ing ailments of YOUNG. MIDDLE-AGED and
OLD Men. The awful effects of neglected or
improperly treated case*, causing weakness of
the body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
business •or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany's
special treatment can cure you. no matter who
or what has failed.
WEAK MEN, Lost vigor and vitality re-
stored to weak men. Organs of the body which
have ; been weakened or shrunken through dis-
eases, overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are
restored to full power, strength and -visor.
• RUPTURE cured by his. new method with-
out knife, truss or detention from work— pain-
less, sure and permanent cure.
VABICOCKLK, hydroceie. swelling and
tenderness of the glands treated successfully.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POIsOX, S\ PH-
ILIS and all diseases of the blood promptly
and thoroughly cured and every trace of the
poison eradicated from the system forever,
restoring health and purity.
pkivatk DISEASES, inflammation, dis-
kidney disease, etc.. permanently curea.
Women's Diseases a Specialty.
£H?-S &^^SSSS confi "
HOME TKKV I MKNT-The most success-
ful home treatment known to the medical pro-
home Thousands who were unable to call at
i,/«'-L"hive been cured at homo by our special
treatment Consultation free. Cull or tddreM
F. L. SWEANY, M. D,,
' 737 Market St.. San Fra->cl«co.
Office Hours— 9 to 12 m. ; 2 to 5 and 7 to I
. o. m.; Sundays from 10 to 12.AMERICA FOR
ARBITRATION
Delegates Will Be So
Instructed.
DISARMAMENT CONFERENCE
CREDENTIALS FOR UNCLE SAM'S
REPRESENTATIVES.
President McKinley Will Have an
Opportunity to Advocate the
Policy Which He Has Al
ways Championed.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, March 22.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: There is reason to be
lieve that an important proposition
looking to the settlement of interna
tional disputes by arbitration will be
advanced at the coming disarmament
conference by the American delegates.
I learned to-day on high authority that
the credentials for and instructions to
American delegates are no*w being pre
pared by Secretary Hay and will be
ready for submission to the President
for his approval when he returns to
Washington from his Southern trip.
These instructions will be a complete
exposition of the attitude of this Gov
ernment on the question of disarma
ment and arbitration.
Sir Julian Pauncefote has been ad
visod of his appointment as senior
member of the British delegation. The
UnUch Minister to The Hague will also
be a member. M. de Stael, Russian
Ambassador in Great Britain and a
leading representative of the Czar at
the conference, will be assisted by Pro-
I • Martens, professor of interna
tional ia\v in the University at
Petersburg, and probably by the Rus
sian Minister to The Hague.
Following the policy which it seems
likely that all nations will adopt Presi
dent McKinley will accredit the Minis
ter t j the Netherlands as one o-f
the American delegates. Ernbassadors
"White and Tower will probably be the
other members of the American dele
gation.
It was explained to me by a diplo
mat having knowledge of the present
programme of the Russian Government
that upon the assembling of the dele
gates a committee will be appointed to
determine the subjects to come before
•the conference and the order in which
they shall be considered.
E far as the proposition for general
disarmament of the nations of the
world is concerned, it will be the duty
of the American delegates to explain
ami to show that the United States
both from a military and naval stand-
I is far below the armament it
should have, and besides it was ex
plained to me that this Government
1 to hamper in any way
the inventive faculty of the people of
this country. Nor is it expected that
: Britain will do so. In fact, the
. irtant result which the offl
t the conference will be
the adoption of some plan for the refer
ence of disputes to general arbitration,
and the United States will have a plan
, .huracter as well as other na-
The administration is strongly in fa
: arbitration as a means for set
:' disputes between nations,
hile it appreciates that there are
a number of controversies that can
only be settled by war, it is still be
lieved that many questions which arise
and are consequences of much friction
can be arbitrated. The President is
committed to international arbitration
by his inaugural address and by sub
sequent declarations, but his adminis
tration has not attempted to negotiate
arbitration treaties, for one reason be
cause of the imminence of war with
Spain and the occurrence of war. In
view of the assembling of the confer
ence at The Hague it is thought by the
officials that the time has come when
the administration can put itself on
record before the world as favoring ar
bitration.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Captain Carrington Relieved From
Duty at Vancouver Barracks.
WASHINGTON, March 22.— 8y direc
tion of the Assistant Secretary of War
the following enlisted men of the volun
teer service are hereby discharged from
the service of the United States: Private
Herbert Wilt. Battery I, Third United
States Artillery, Ar.gel Island. Cal.; Pri
vate Joseph B. Williams, Company A,
Second Oregon Volunteer Infantry. Mc-
Minnville, ( -r.
Captain Frank de L. Carnngton, First
i States Infantry-, is relieved from
duty at Vancouver Barracks. Wash., to
take effect upon the arrival at that post
of a company of the Twenty-fourth
United States Infantry, and will then pro
ceed to join his company.
-ions have been granted as fol
California: Original— William H. Sny
der Veterans' Home, Napa, $3; Lev! J.
Kewlan, Monrovia. $10; Orson F. John
gon Whittier. $10. Reissue— Special,
March 13, Edwin Cross, San Francisco,
$15.
Oregon: Original— James W. Bushong,
dead. Portland, ?12. Additional— Boyd
Cannady, Philomath, $6 to $8. Original
Widows, etc.— Eliza J. Stewart, Com-
Btoch. $^: Mary E. Bushong. Portland. $8.
Washington: Original — Adolphus Mil
diers' Home, Pierce, $8. Increase-
Adam Blenz, Spokane, $6 to $12.
"OTpI ter- Weie-hts Matched.
BALTIMORE, Md., March 22.— Maurice
rd, manager for Abe I'liman of
this city, signed articles to-day for a 25
--round bout with Tommy Ryan of Syra-
N. V.. the champion welter weight
world. The men will meet before
b Athletic Club, Syracuse, on
April 24.
FORCING A TARIFF
BILL ON JAMAICA
(Action of the British GovernmeQt
Briogs oq o Political
Crisis.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 22.— A political crisis, said to be the
mr>Ft important since 1863, is now occupying the attention of Jamaica.
The Governor, Sir Augustus Hemming, as forecast in these dispatches on
February 21, prorogued the Legislature yesterday and reconvened it for
to-day by the order of the Secretary of State for the Colonies, Joseph
Chamberlain, for the purpose of introducing the obnoxious tariff bill
taxing industrial implements and literature, which the Council rejected
on March 15, the Governor at the same time bringing In four new official
members to outvote the representatives.
The Jamaica Association has convened public meetings throughout
the country and it has cabled to- Mr. Chamberlain explaining the gravity
of the situation. Much anxiety prevails and it is expected there will be
trouble if the Government persists In its present policy.
MORION SPEAKS
OF A NEW PARTY
Danger to Sound Money
Due to Apathy.
SILVER MEN ARE ACTIVE
AND THE "COIN" HARTTET FUND
GROWS RAPIDLY.
The Former Secretary of Agriculture
Says a New Organization May
Be Formed of Democrats
and Republicans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEBRASKA CITY, Neb.. March 22.—
"The danger to the cause of sound
money lies in the apathy of its
friends," said J. Sterling Morton, for
mer Secretary of Agrciulture, to me
to-day. "Free Silver men are always
active, always working," he continued.
"Bryan is on the stump every day, and
'Coin' Harvey is having great suc
cess apparently in raising a campaign
fund. I see it is claimed this fund is
coming in at the rate of $SOO a day.
When a fund of this kind grows as
rapidly as that, it is evident that there
is still a great deal of free silver lun
acy abroad in the country. We will
have the money question to fight all
over again next year."
"Do you think Mr. Bryan's Demo
cratic party stands any chance of win
ning?" was asked.
"I can't say that I do," replied Mr.
Morton. "Democratic principles might
win. There may be a new party arise
out of the present situation which will
adopt these principles and be success
ful. This party would be composed
of Democrats and Republicans opposed
to annexation and to the present ex
travagance in the expenditure of pub
lic money in nation, State and city. I
think Mr. Bryan's hold upon the hys
terical and paroxysmal section of the
Democratic party is as strong as ever.
He represents the discontent in all par
ties. He is an attractive exhorter and
works his hearers up to a sort of
frenzy as do religious revivalists."
"Do you think the Bryan Democracy
will control the next Democratic co-n
--vention?"'
"I did think so, but at this late flay
I have hud hopes it would not. There
seems to be little letting down in the
free silver cause."
"What chance has the Democratic
party of winning?"
"Little under that name. Democratic
principles can win, but it seems as
though they must be advanced under
another name."
'Who would be the no-mince of the
neu party?"
"Well, there are several good men
I who represent types which are called
1 for. There is Edmunds, for instance.
I have great admiration /or Carl
; Schurz, but he was uorn in Germany,
I and so is not available."
"Do you think there is any chance
■ of Mr. Cleveland returning to political
! life?"
"He might not want to," said Mr.
Morton, "but he may be dragged back
' Into it. He is a good type of the man
\ wanted."
"Do you think this new or conserva
tive party would grow Ifct enough to
win the fight of 1900?"
"Perhaps, but it is better to make a
fight for what is right and get beaten
than to support what is wrong."
NEW YORK, March 22.— A meeting:
of labor agitators, social reformers,
silver men and delegates from several
bodies organized for the advancement
of various kinds of social conditions
was held in this city to-day. Rev. Dr.
W. S. Rainsford presided for a time,
and then his place was taken by C. F.
Baird of Philadelphia. While the con
ference was informal, some of the par
ticipants have a plan whereby it is
thought a national party will be or
ganized.
Among those present were Dr. C. F.
Taylor of Philadelphia, Eugene V.
Debs. Herman J. Schulters and A. S.
Dulin, both of Washington, and Pres
ident George P. Keeney of the Asso
ciation of National Silver Clubs. Most
of those present made speeches and
the advisability of calling a national
conference was discussed, though no
action was taken. Mr. Keeney said an
other meeting would be held, and he
thought some plan would be agreed
upon then. It is said that if the con
vention is called it will be held in Buf
falo about June 28 or July 4. at which
time the National Social and Political
Conference will be held In that city.
FOB. A MAGNIFICENT ABODE.
Young Vanderbilt's Name Mentioned
in Connection With a
Realty Sale.
NEW YORK. March 22.— The name of
William K. Vanderbilt Jr. was mentioned
to-day in connection with the reported
sale of property on Fifth avenue, between
Seventy-second and Seventy-third streets.
According to a Btory, which obtained
more or less credence in real estate cir
cles. Mr. Vanderhilt intends to have built
a magnificent residence on the property.
As he is engaged to Miss Virginia Fair
and the w.-dding will take place soon, the
story appeared to have some foundation.
Mrs. O. H. P. Belmont, mother of Mr.
Vanderbilt. was seen this evening and
asked whether she had any information
in regard to the reported sale, and re
plied that she had not.
Women Who Would Vote.
WOODLAND. March 22.— Mesdames D.
Farnham, V. Farnham and Mrs. C. He
vel and Miss Marley nave registered in
expectation that the Governor will sign
the bill authorizing women to vote at
school elections.
THE SAN FKASTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 1899.
BEEF THAT CAUSED
SICKNESS AND DEATH
CHICAGO. March 22.— The mem
bers of the Government court of
inquiry finished their labors in
Chicago to-day and left for New
York this evening. The testi
mony of Governor Roosevelt will there
be received, after which the court will
proceed to Governors Island.
The evidence brought forth to-day
was largely cumulative in its character,
consisting mainly of criticisms of the j
canned beef and refrigerated beef from j
soldiers who ate it and watched its j
effects in Cuba and Porto Rico.
David Fleischman. a bellboy in the j
Hotel Morrison, told of a visit to the :
stockyards in the company of an un- |
known man, whose purpose he supposed
to be an experiment in the matter of \
preserving beef by chemical treatment.
W. C. Marshall, the provision special- :
Ist, whose testimony was expected to be
sensational, threw no additional light
on the question, hie evidence being prin
cipally the expression of the opinion
that canned beef as now put on the i
market is totally unfit for human food. ;
Lieutenant J. D. L. Hartman of the |
First Cavalry, who was acting regimental
quartermaster while the regiment was
Stationed at Lakeland, Fla., testified that
refrigerator beef was received from Ar
mour & Co. It was brought to Lakeland i
in cars. At first it was very good and
! there was no objection to it, but in three
or four days it began to get poorer in
quality. In two instances a board of
Burvey rejected the beef. In one case j
the witness rejected a whole carload, j
The stench was observable before the car :
was opened. The beef was not received
because decomposition had set in. The J
rejected beef was not accounted for in j
the vouchers.
David A. Fleischman testified that he ;
was employed as bellboy at the Hotel !
Morrison, Chicago, during the month of i
June, IS9X.
"One day in June," he said, "a gentle- ;
man in room 131 asked me if I would be
at leisure to go to the stockyards with
him. I went out there with him and
helped to carry two boxes. He went out
to see some man about meat, he told me.
We took the boxes and went to a car
where there were three or four rows of
meat. In each of the boxes there were ,
four smaller packages, containing, v I
recall it, a black or rather a light gray
colored substance. He put this into per
forated trays made for that purpose, set
fire to it and placed it under the meat. I
asked him what that was done for and he
.'•v.id it was done as an experiment to pre- j
serve the moat. Next day 1 was to go
back and get the cans.
"I asked himvwhether it was to kill I
germs or anything* like that, but he said
no, simply to preserve the meat. I put
my finger on the matt and tasted it. and ■
it burned the end Vof my tongue. I i
called attention to theVaet that the meat i
looked rather larger tfflyj when we were!
there before. He said trßPt was simply
an enlargement of the meat from the ice. i
There was a sulphurous smell in the car
and another odor, which I cannot de- i
scribe. I took the cans back to the hotel. |
"I noticed in one end of the car there !
was a card marked 'Tampa, Fla.' This
was at Armour's packing house. There j
was only one car and only about three !
rows of beef. I think it was halves. I ;
asked him who he was, and. if 1 am not !
mistaken, he told me he was a quarter- .
master or a quartermaster general, or i
something like that. He was about 6
feet 10 inches tall, wore eyeglasses, and,
1 should judge, was about 45 years of !
age. He wore no uniform, but was
dressed in plain clothes. I understood !
from what he said that he had some con
noction with the military service."
Dr. E. E. Murdock. who was for two
years president of the auxiliary medical
staff in the Chicago Health Department,
and i« an analytical chemist. st:itod that s
h<> had made several examinations of
both canned and refrigerated beef, dating
back several years. In the latter part of ',
June, IK<S, he said, some canned meat was
brought to him to determine its charac- i
ter. He found that the meat was appar- '
ently boiled beef. It probably had been '
boiled before it was sealed in the can and
Bomewbat after. There was in the can ;
quite a quantity of common salt and also j
nitrate of potash, otherwise salt;
These preservations, said the witness, I
must have been in the can before the !
boiling was complete, because th^y had '
saturated the fiber of the meat and har
dened it.
"Have you ever found horseflesh put up
in cans and sold on the market here in |
i :hioago?"
"Not put up in cans, but I have had !
samples brought to me purporting to be i
fresh beef from the market, and have
found some of these samples to be horse- |
flesh instead of beef. I had no means of I
knowing whence they came. An investi- i
! gation with that result once led the |
Health Department to suppress an estab
lishment in the outskirts of Chicago."
"William J. Griffin, sergeant Company
REPUBLICAN PARTY
FOR PORTO RICO
Radicals to Prepare a Platform and
Endeavor to Unite All
Factions.'
SAN* JUAN DE PORTO RICO. March
i 22.— The leaders of the Radical party
have decided to organize a Republican
party in Porto Rico with a thoroughly
i American platform. They will endeavor
!to unite all factions. The platform will
: be submitted at a meeting to be held to
morrow and it will indorse the policy of
Mr. McKinley, will pledge fidelity to the
United States, hall the prospects of an
nexation to the United States, express
the belief that the Porto Rico courts can
be trusted with the civil government of
I the island, but will declare a willingness
to await the action of Congress.
The platform will also favor free suf
frage, public schools, free trade with the
United States, with the establishment of
,-: trold basis for the currency, the Amer
| ican system for the judiciary and will
pl.-dge'the party to lend every effort to
ward civilization and to teach the inhab
! itants to become loyal to the United
j States.
ALAMEDA SCHOOLS PRAISED.
Marin County Teachers Pleased With
Their Excursion.
SAN RAFAEL, March 22.— The third
day's session of the Marin County Teach
ers' Institute opened with music under
ttv direction of Miss Edwina Dufflcy,
which was followed by the reports of the
committees that visited the Alameda pub
lic schools. Discussion of these reports
was conducted by Professor T. L. Hea
ton. The teachers were a unit in the
opinion that the Alameda schools were
conducted on the most approved modern
plan and that the pupils attending them
had every facility for acquiring a sound,
practical education. The discipline in
vogue was highly commended. A vote of
thanks was tendered Superintendent Sul
livan for the reception and banquet ac
corded the teachers.
Professor Heaton read an interesting
paper on "The Laws of Our Language.
Grammar— lts Aim and Scope." Dr. El
mer E. Brown discoursed on ''An and
Education." Both papers were discussed
by the institute.
At the afternoon session Professor Hea
ton spoke on "Aims and Methods of Dis
cipline." Dr. Brown on "The Social As
pect of Education." Among those to tak-?
an active part in to-morrow's exercises
are Miss Kathryn E. Stone and Profes
sor Elwood P. Cubberley.
WATER COMPANY'S PLEDGE.
WATSONVILLE. March 22.— At a meet
ing of the City Trustees to-day the prop
osition was submitted by Francis Smith,
representing the "tt'atsonvllle Water and
Light Company, that the corporation will
supply the city of Watsonville free water
for all public purposes, to include water
for street sprinkling and fire use, and
also will supply 15,000 gallons daily for the
sewer system that the city Intends build
ing. The proposition was made on con
dition that the Trustees abandon the in
tention to vote bonds for a water system.
The process of
canning meat to
day robs it of all nu
trition, leaving noth
ing but fiber, fat and
gelatine in the can.
I consider it entirely
unfit for human
food. The Govern
ment chemist de
scribes it as a mass
of insoluble mat
ter. In the packing
house this insolu
ble matter would
come under the
head of tankage,
and would be used
as a fertilizer. — Ex
pert testimony that
was barred by the
Beef Court of In
quiry.
F, acting sergeant major of the Second
Battalion, testified that at Jacksonville
the refrigerated beef had to be frequent
ly rejected; it looked good, but when cut
open it had a peculiar odor, a nauseous
stench. On one occasion a French beef
stow was served and immediately there
after the entire company was taken vio
lently sick with vomiting and diarrhea.
For two weeks afterward three men out
of the company was the maximum fit for
duty. Within six weeks three men died,
and' although the records showed they
died from lever, witness said he knew
that the sickness from this meat was
what killed them. This meat had to be
brought two miles and a half from the I
point of issue, which took about half an j
hour. An investigation was made of the ]
beef which made the company sick, but j
with what result witness could not say.
Dr. John G. Burne of Chicago, who was j
assistant surgeon of the Second Illinois
Volunteers while the regiment was at
Jacksonville, stated that he had con
demned the refrigerator beef several
times before it left the wagon which
brought it. He had also returned some
of it to the cars, taking it back in
wagons and telling the agent of Swift &
Co. that he could not use it. He had re
fused the meat seven times in one month
on account of the bad odor and bad taste.
The men complained bitterly that they
could not eat it.
Colonel Davis asked: "Had you occa
sion to believe or suspect that the Swift
refrigerated beef had been chemically ,
treated with a view to its 'preserva-' 1
tlon'?"
"That had never been suggested to me,
but it occurred to me when I used It.
The only ground I had for that belief
was the difference In its taste and it? np
pearance after it had been removed from
the car. It had a deadened, peculiar ap
pearanre and I wondered whether any
chemicals had hern us» ■!. "
First Lieutenant Hedekin of the Third
Cavalry testified that the principal meat
ration *In Cuba was refrigerated berf.
The complaint against it was that it was
rotten.
Colonel Davis asked the witness if he
had reason to believe or suspect that
chemicals had been u?ed in preserving
the refrigerated beef. He replied:
"The night after I joined my troop re
frigerator beef appeared on the table In
the form of steak. That was the first
I had seen. T'pon tasting It I remarked
that it had a peculiar taste, which 1 had
never noticed before. I ate very heartily
of it. That night I had diarrhea which
developed shortly afterward into dysen
tery, and I was unable to ascribe the
disease to any other cause."
"What led you to ascribe the peculiar
ity to preservatives?"
"The fact that the meat was different
from any that I had ever tasted and that
It made" me sick."
W. A. Robinson, traveling representa
tive of the chemical firm of Charles Pfizer
& Co., New York, testified that he for
merly had solicited orders and sold chem
icals to the packing trade. The witness
said it was within his knowledge that his
firm sells to packing houses large quan
Smith was asked in regard to rates for
domestic purposes and said they would
remain the same as they were at present.
The proposition was to hold good for live
years. The matter will come up for final
consideration at the meeting next Tues
day evening.
HAWAII TO HAVE
NAVAL MILITIA
An Officer May Be Sent to the Islands
to Instruct the New
Organization.
NEW YORK. March 22.— A Washington
special to the Tribune says: Hawaii is to j
have a naval militia organization similar
to the auxiliary forces possessed by many
of the States, which were so valuable in
the recent Spanish war. Secretary Long
received a letter on the subject to-day
from J. B. Castle, who was Hawaiian
secretary of legation at Washington be
fore annexation was accomplished, ask- j
ing for all necessary regulations regard-
Ing the militia in order that steps could
be taken at once at Honolulu to perfect \
an organization.
The Navy Department is highly grati
fied with the prospect of such a reserve j
force in the mid-Pacific, as Mr. Castle I
and the Hawailans interested with him
propone to establish, especially as it is
imposlble to maintain as large a regular
naval force there at present as the im
portance of the locality would justify, did
Admiral Dewey not require so many yes- ;
f=>]s in the Philippines. It is expected ;
that a naval officer will soon be spared
to undertake the instruction of the Ha
walian battalion in technical matters, I
drills and routine ship life, and If pos-
Bible a monitor or gunboat will be as
signed to the battalion for cruising duty, i
GENERAL TORRES NOW
COMMANDS BLUEFIELDS
He Is an Avowed Enemy of Ameri-
cans and Will Oppose Tariff
Revision.
NEW ORLEANS. March 22.— The
steamship Sunniva from Bluefields ar
rived to-day with the latest news from
the Nicaraguan coast. The main item
bearing on American interests is the ap
pointment of General Torres to command
the department including Bluefields. Tor
res is an avowed enemy of Americans,
anc" for his part in aiding the escape of
Arguillo, who murdered an American
Citizen, the United States forced his re
moval from the governorship four years
ago.
The commission to revise the tariff has
not yet reported and Torres' influence is
likely to make the work abortive. He
has already thrown revolutionary' sus
pects into jail, and says he will sift the
uprising to the bottom. The Government
has ordered the estates of General Reves
confiscated. His plantations and cattle
were sold to Warren Brown of Buckport,
Maine, who protests against the seizure,
having made the purchase in good faith
Nicaragua, however, claims that titles
executed during a revolution are illegal.
Woodland vs. Willows.
WOODLAND, March 22.— The Wood
land baseball club will go to Willows on
Saturday to play the Willows club.
' titles of boracic acid and other chemi
cals, but that so far as he knew such
chemicals -were never applied to fresh
beef— they were used for export pork.
Horace" C. Gardner of Swift & Co.. re
called, gave a detailed list of the various
chemicals used In the different depart
ments of that . establishment. He said
that in the refrigerated beef department
no chemicals of any kind are used and
that he never knew of salicylic acid be
ing used on the premises for any purpose.
Albert G. Manns, the chemist for Ar
mour & Co.. testified that a large num
ber of chemicals were used in the manu
facturing department, but none in the
packing house except borax and boracic
add, which were used in packing some
goods for the foreign markets.
The witness stated that the refrigerated
beef sent to the army was shipped in the
usual way and that no chemicals were
used on It.
In reply to Colonel Davis the witness
said he had seen what is called "preserv
aline" and had analyzed it. Its main in
gredient was borax and it was used for
preserving vegetables, milk, cheese, but
ter, etc.
John Blerma, private in Company E.
First Illinois Volunteers, afterward as
signed to a provisional battalion of engi
neers for duty in Porto Rico, testified
next. In all cases, he said, the men in
his battalion refused to eat the canned j
roast beef unless absolutely driven to It. j
They said it was unpalatable, their stom- j
achs rebelled against it and they were i
attacked with vomiting after eating it j
In Porto Rico the men very seldom ate j
the canned beef w T hllc their money last- |
cd. The surgeon told the men that the j
refrigerated beef was unfit to eat and j
that he could not do anything with his
medicines as long as they were com
pelled to eat it; he also condemned the
canned beef.
W. Clark Marshall said he had been a j
specialist in meat provisions since 1848,
although he had not been in any of the
establishments in seven or eight years.
"Please explain the nature and char
acter of your experience with reference j
to canned meat, more particularly to j
roast beef, so called," said Major Lee.
"1 have investigated and experimented
in the matter since 1848. The process of
canning meat to-day robs it of all nutri
tion, leaving nothing but fiber, fat and
j gelatine in the can. I consider it entirely
! unlit for human food. The Government
chemist describes it as a mass of insolu
ble matter. In the packing houses in
soluble matter would come under the
head of tankage and would be used as a
fertilizer. There are thousands of ex
periments in all colleges, known to all
scientists, to show that animals fed with
it will starve to death. Canned corned
beef "
Colonel Davis said: "I object to any
testimony from this witness which does
not relate strictly to the objects of the
inquiry."
Major Lee replied: "I believe that at
; times the questions of the recorder have
j gone outside the subjects of the inquiry.
! I wish the witness, of course, to keep
; within bounds."
In reply to Major Lee the witness said
that hf knew where O'Malley's slaughter
house used to be located. He also knew
of a herd of thirty or forty condemned
cattle being driven there for slaughter.
He saw some of these cattle the next day
!in a city market. He knew of the car
casses going afterward to a canning es
tablishment. He would not give the
name of the concern unless the firm de
-1 sired It. The cattle had pleuro-pneumo
' nia. This occurred eighteen months be
fore Dr. Devoe took charge of the Bureau
of Animal Industry at the stockyards.
"How long will canned roast beef
keep?"'
'•If properly canned it will keep for
'• twenty years."
The witness stated that the present pro
cess robbed the meat of Its nutrition, and !
the sterilizing feature of it generated a '
gas which tainted the meat.
"Is fresh beef prior to or during ship
ments directly or indirectly treated with
any chemicals?"
"A man would be a fool if he did not
treat It chemically under ordinary regis
tration, because meat going from here to
'. London could not be sent under the or
dinary temperature of an icehouse with
out having on its arrival a deposit of at
mospheric germs and the meat would be
unsalable in London."
Witness did not think there was any
harm in so treating beef if it were done
intelligently.
Captain R. H. Wainwright of the First
United States Cavalry said that in Cuba
there was no complaint by his men about
the so-called canned roast beef. It was
generally eaten by them. There was gen
eral dissatisfaction, however, with it on
account of its unpalatableness and non
appetizing qualities.
The last witness examined In Chicago
i was Lewis H. Wilson, who served' with
the Seventh company of the Volunteer
Signal Corps in Porto Rico. He stated
that on all occasions the men in his com:
-: pany complained of the canned roast beef
as nauseating, unpalatable and entirely
unfit to eat. No more than 10 per cent
of that Issued to his company was con
sumed.
The members of the court left for the
East to-night and will meet in New York
1 at 11 o'clock Saturday morning.
WIFE AND DAUGHTER
NEARLY ASPHYXIATED
Joseph Becker Beturns to His Home
on McAllister Street Just in
Time to Save His Family.
Joseph Becker, employed as a bartender
by Dick Carr, on Montgomery street, re
turned late last night to his rooms In a
lodging-house at 100 McAllister street and
' found his wife and ten-year-old daughter
i Lizzie in an unconscious condition, the re
; suit of escaping gas. Becker immediately
: threw open the windows and dragged the
semi-lifeless bodies into the hail.
Becker states that before leaving his
; home this morning he detected the odor
of gas and notified the landlord. The
latti r gave the assurance that the matter
' would be attended to and Becker thought
' nothing more about it. Last evening,
i however, when he returned from his work
: he met another tenant of the house, who
j had perceived the same odor anl who
; had Just visited the basement with the
; Intention of turning the flow off at the
meter.
When Becker became acquainted with
this fact he immediately realized that the
landlord- had ignored his warning given
: hours before, and he rushed to the room
whore his wife and daughter were sleep
'■ ing. only to find them fast becoming vic
tims of the deadly fumes. Both were
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
Drs. Tormey and Runnel] administered
copious draughts of oxygen, finally re
storing them to a conscious condition.
Had Becker made the discovery a little
: later it is probable that his family would
i have been asphyxiated. The fact that
i they had been sleeping but a short time
| was also In their favor. Becker is well
• known, having managed the Olympic
I Club bar for many years.
Troops for Manila Arrive.
Two companies of the Ninth Regiment,
recently ordered to Manila, arrived from
Madison barracks. New York, yesterday
morning. Five officers of the regiment
accompanied them. Colonel Powell, the
band and other companies will follow this
morning. The companies which arrived
yesterday immediately went aboard the
transport Puebla preparatory to sailing.
The men are all in good condition.
Native Sons Elect Delegates.
Pacific Parlor No. 10, N. S. G. W., held
an interesting and exciting meeting Tues
day evening. The following delegates
were elected to- the Grand Parlor to be
held at Salinas on April v 24: S. V. Cos
tello, D. A. Ryan, Leonard Stone and
James O'Gara. G. B. Stangerberger, T.
P. Martin, Frank Christmas and G. R.
Butler were named as alternates.
Writing papers, pens, inks, blank books
and legal blanks cheap at Sanborn &
Vails. •
Rev. James A. Spurgeon Bead.
LONDON, March 22.— Rev. James A.
Spurgeon. brother of the late Rev.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, for many
years the celebrated minister of the Met
ropolitan Tabernacle In London, was
found dead In a railway carriage this
evening on the arrival here of the Brigh
ton express. It Is supposed that death
resulted from apoplexy.
UPROAR IN THE
MISSOURI HOUSE
Bitter Words Exchanged
by Lawmakers.
ALMOST COME TO BLOWS
OPEN CHARGES OF DISHONEST
VOTING.
The Trouble Arises Over the Bill De
signed to Regulate Charges
in the Stock
Yards.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, March 22.— A special to
the Republic from Jefferson City, Mo.,
says: The bill to regulate stockyard
charges caused furious excitement in
to-night's session of the House. Charges
of dishonest voting were openly made
and pandemonium reigned, at times so
furious that it seemed probable the
members would come to blows. The
object of the bill is to reduce yardage
and other charges from 20 to 50 per cent.
It is said to be a duplicate of the Kan
sas law.
The bill was placed on Its passage
during the early part of the session and
defeated — ayes 51, noes 67.
Mr. Bohart of Clintcm moved to re- i
consider the vote by which the bill j
had failed to pass and his opening sen
tence was:
"Honest men and honest legislation
have no place in the Missouri Legis
lature."
'"If the gentleman from Clinton
means to insinuate that undue influ
ence caused a majority of the House
to vote against the bill, he says what
he knows is false," retorted Mr. Jones
of Ho well.
Mr. Cleary of Kansas City said he
regarded the remarks of Mr. Bohart as
the ravings of a misguided youth. Im
mediately the House was in an uproar
and some personal encounters were
narrowly averted.
With fifteen or twenty members
clamoring for recognition, some one
moved to table the motion to recon
sider, which, had it carried, would have
killed the bill. The motion was put
and lost; yeas, 51; nays, 69.
Before any further move could be
made a motion to adjourn prevailed.
Under the rules the bill must be voted
upon to-morrow.
OFFERS A BIG PURSE.
Chicago Promoter Wants the Fitz
simmons-Jeffries Fight.
NEW YORK. March 22.— When William
A. Brady and Martin Julian meet to de
cide where Fitzsimmons and Jeffries shall
fight they will consider a new proposi
tion from C. B. Bennett, a Chicago pro
moter, who has offered a $25,000 purse for
the men to battle for. Mr. Bennett's $5000
forfeit has been sent to the Police Ga
zctt'- office, and Brady, who has had some
correspondence with him, is anxious to
discuss the details of the bid with Fitz
simmons' representative. Bennett pro
poses to have the tight take place in an
amphitheater erected for the occasion in
Illinois. Indiana or Missouri. He is now
in Kansas City looking for a suitable bat
tle ground In that locality.
® RHEUMfITISM CURED BY^ HUDYfIN. ®
> Perkins, Cal. >
® A HUDYAN DOCTORS.
-f 1 Dear Sirs: I have been taking your Hudyan for some
® N time and according to directions. I had been for years a +
>• R sufferer from rheumatism, and the pain was very intense q
® q at times. I say I had been, for now I think I am about
♦ p cured. There is no more pain, aching or lameness, and I
(S) . feel better than I have in years. I owe it all to your val- JL
+ * uable remedy. I have used gallons of liniments, all to no ®
® l» good. Also took bottle after bottle of medicine that dls- +
■£ A turbed my stomach, and that was all. A friend of mine @)
® C recommended Hudyan, and I am glad that I took it, for I -j»
am certainly cured. I can assure you I will recommend Hudyan. Your ®
| true friend. J. M. HARLOW. ±
® DYSF"EF»SI/\ CURED BY HUDYAIN.
it Ellensburg, Wash. (^
Dear Sirs: Your medicine certainly did me a world of ■+■
O good: in fact I feel that lam entirely cured. I have not <?.
§T had that feeling of heaviness over pit of stomach, and my +
G appetite is now 'good. I can eat all kinds of food, and it ®
N does not distress me, as it used to do. I have not experi- "♦"
■ enced that belching of sour gas since taking the first dose ®
"£■ „ of your Hudyan. My bowels are regular, and I can't com-
v J* plain of one symptom of my former trouble now. I know
S it was Hudyan that cured me, and I have recommended ®
A it to a number of my friends. Yours very sincerely, +
+ W H. W. SMITH. a,
X HUDYAN CURES MEN AND WOMEN
® of Nervousness. Nervous Weakness. Xervous Exhaustion. Impaired Vitality, Sleepless- Sr
4. ress. Despondency, Paralysis, Hysteria. Xumbncss. Tremblings, Neuralgia, Rheuma- X
®tism Pains in Side, Pains in Back, Pains up and down the Spine. Pains Across the W
Shoulders, Pains in Head. Pains in Chest. HUDTAN cures because it is peculiar. -♦•
+ Hundreds of people who would not use a patent medicine have used HUDTAN to their /j)
® great delight. HUDTAN cures Nervous Dyspepsia, Indirection. Chronic Dyspepsia, V
4- Bloating. It relieves the Stomach. Sleeplessness yields to HUDTAN in two days, fa
(u\ You don't make a mistake when you try a r>i)c package of HUDTAN.
i You can get Hudyan at the drag store. 50o: 6 packages. $2 50. or by mall. Hudyan ■♦■
/£> Remedy Co., corner Stockton and Market Streets San Francisco. <"al. (•)
V YOU MAX CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS FREE. CALL OR WRITE.
SALE OF MOUNT
LOWE RAILWAY
Property to Go Under
the Hammer.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC MAY 810
WILL BE OPPOSED BY THE PBO
TECTIVE POOL.
An Agent of the Latter Is Quietly
Buying Up Bonds and Expects .
to Get Possession of :
the Road.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. March 22.— At noon
on Tuesday next the Mount Lowe Ital)
--way property will be sold under fore
closure proceedings by Court Commis
sioner Henry Newby. For many months
Arthur B. Cody of Chicago has been
buying bonds at a price never" abovft
2~ 1 i cents on the dollar. Cody is a
member of the protective committee,
the other members being P. M. Green,
Andrew McNally, J. S. Torrance and J»
D. Pope. Through this committee pro
ceedings in foreclosure were begun in
June, 1897, and the decree was granted
in October of the same year, the aale
subject to twenty days' notice. Since
then the bondholders have not been
idle and the holdings have been con
centrated in the hands of Cody and
those whom he represents, principally'
the Singer heirs of Chicago. Valentine
Peyton, a capitalist of Danville, 111.,
is advancing money for the purchasers.
He is in Pasadena and will likely be
the purchaser under foreclosure.
The Southern Pacific owns $25,000 in
bonds and did not come into the pool
of the protective committee. It is ex
pe« ted in some quarters that the road
will bid actively.
The Huntington syndicate controls
the Pasadena and Los Angeles electric
line and it has ever been an open ques
tion whether the street railway corpora
tion has not had an eye on the Mount
Lowe road as an adjunct. Peyton de
clares his interests are not linked with
those of Huntington.
To make the line profitable and stable
a right of way 200 feet wide on Govern
ment land, from Echo Mountain to the
summit of Mount Lowe, had to be ob
tained. The last Congress enacted a
law granting this, with 160 acres addi
tional on the summit of the mountain,
as the railroad was simply a squatter
on the public domain. That legislation
was the culmination of the efforts of
those who expect to become absolute
owners of the property.
NOT YET DETERMINED.
NEW YORK, March 22.— A Washinj
-1 ton special to th« Herald says: Nothing
is known at the State Department rela
-1 tive to the reported demand made jointly
ihy the American, British and German
Ministers in Peking- for a determination
:of the foreign settlement question at
' Shanghai. If Minister Conger has taken
1 any action of the kind indicated he i»
acting: without authority from Washing
: ton. Some weeks ago Minister" Conger
i acted jointly with the British Minister In
protesting against the extension of the
1 French concession at Shanghai, and the
protest was successful.
34
WORK ON THE
GAP IS NOW
BEING RUSHED
Men and Materials to
the Front.
BENEFIT TO SANTA BARBARA
WILL BE REACHED IN TWELVE
HOURS.
Curves Being Eliminated, Grades
Modified and Heavier Rails Be
ing Laid on the Coast
Division Line.
Every energy is being exercised by the- j
Southern Pacific Company to close the j
E5-mile gap on the coast division line be- ;
tween Surf and Elwood, and to get this
route In operation as part of on© of its
through overland lines.
To make this line available in the high
est degree for this purpose much remains
to be done. Right of way must be se
cured for the proposed short bay shore
line between this city and San Mateo, J
by means of which the steep grade by i
way or' Valencia street will be avoided, j
Most of this rlg-ht of way has been se
cured, but a IV •■ nig links must
yet be obtained. Then the grading and j
rail laying must be done, but this is ex
pected to be done in a short time, once
.h-- right of way question is settled.
Large forces of men have been and are i
: work along the line between Sole- !
■ lad and Santa Margarita, straightening i
out numer ma curves, modifying grades,
and laying 9<.»-pound rails in place, of the
lighter ones used when the road was
originally built. But all this is merely pre
liminary to the great task of bridging the i i
gap.
Stone & McMurtrie, the contractors ' (
who have in hand the last mentioned i
piece of work, are rushing all the men.
they can obtain to the front, and within ! '
a few weeks gangs of them will be strung I
- 'h>- proposed line grading, putting ,(
up bridges, viaducts ami trestles and lay- ;
ing rails. At Honda, five miles below ! (
Surf, the present torminus of the road, ;
a big bridge is to be placed. The mate
rials for it are nearly all on the scene, • '
Two long and expensive viaducts are also i
to be built between Honda and Elwood, i (
and the material for these will be avail
able as soon as construction trains are t
running to the points where they are to
be erected.
The ten-mil** spur that is being built i '
from Surf to Lnmpoc is progressing rap- '
idly, and the railroad officials expect it {
to be in active operation within sixty
days. As soon as this branch is turned i
over to the operating department the men
now employed on it will be transferred
to the gap. i
With the completion of the coast line
as a through route no town on it will i
probably benefit more than Santa Bar
bara. It now takes from twenty-seven t
to twenty-seven and one-half hours to
there by rail from San Francisco, t
Including a four to five hour lay-over at '
Saugus, the distance by way of Saugus
being 530 miles. By the direct line by way i
of the present "gap" the distance will be
reduced to 370 miles, and the running (
time will be twelve hours. This great
difference In time will be made possible j
not alone by the shortening of the dis
tance. but by the great difference In the
grades over the Tehachapl and over the <
Lucia Mountains in favor of the
latter. . i ■
NO FEES FOB JURORS.
Cannot Be Collected in This City Un
der the Statutes.
An important decision relative to the ■
payment of fees? for the attendance of ! ;
Jurors upon the Superior Court was ren- I '
dered yesterday by the Supreme Court. \ ;
In 1597 Samuel H. Hilton served twenty | :
days as a juror and demanded of County j i
Clerk Curry a certificate stating that he ! •
was entitled to $40. computed at the rate • '
of $2 per day. The demand was refused j j
and mandamus proceedings were begun, i
resulting in a judgment for Hilton. '
Curry appealed and the judgment was j .
reversed by the higher court yesterday. •
In the first place, so the Supreme Court ,
pays, jt was not alleged that there Is any ;
statute directing the County Clerk to is- ! ,
sue such a certificate, although It was
shown that this waa nc-cessary, as the
Board of- Supervisors refused to recognize
the demand unless accompanied by such
a certificate. The main point, however, '
is the right of a juror to compensation
for such service. The court holds that
Buch a right would be purely statutory
tind that the amount of compensation and
the mode of payment rests with the
Legislature.
Th<> court says: "There has never been :
any statute in this State authorizing the
payment of any portion of a juror's fees
in San Francisco out of the public treas
ury. • » • We hold, therefore, that the
provisions in the act of February 27,
3566. for the morle in which jurors' fees
shall be paid were not repealed by the act
of lS9ri. and that as there are no pro- .
visions in the statutes making the pay- ■
ment of jurors' fees in San Francisco a
charge upon the public treasury' the peti
tioner was nor entitled to the certificate '
asked for."
Merchants Grateful for Rain.
There was a large attendance of busl
ness men In the Cbambi r of c'nmmerce '
yesterday at the noon hour. The object ;
of their presence was the third day's
Lenten devotion which is being conducted
vi this hour daily by the Brotherhood of j
St. Andrew. The exorcises were conduct- '
t*d by Frank Southack, a young business
man of the city, who read from tho
scriptures and led the merchants in pray
er and song. An address on the ten com
mandments wa? delivered by John w\
Wood, general secretary of the St. An
drew Brotherhood of New York. At the
conclusion of the address Major W. H. '
Hooper said: "Now that there are repre-
Fentatives here from every parish in the
city, Including the head of the church.
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
TRAGEDIES OF THE RACE
TRACKS BEARING FRUIT
Tuesday's Murder Arouses Residents on the
East Shore to Protest Against
the Evil.
THE latest tragedy due to the per
nicious influence of the race
track has aroused the residents
of Emeryville, and, In fact, of
the entire eastern shore of the bay
from Oakland to Berkeley to a full
realization of the plague-spot in their
midst. Three murders in two years,
to say nothing of the ruined fortunes
and blighted hopes attributable to the
evil, seems to have awakened the re
spectable element, for yesterday there
was practically a unanimity of senti
ment that steps should be taken to
abolish the evil.
James J. Gilligan, the young slayer
of Jockey Epperson, was removed to
Oakland yesterday and is now con
fined In the Alameda County Jail. In
appearance Gilligan is a typical prod
uct of the race course. Born and
reared in this city, about his earliest
recollections nre of the old Bay Dis
trict track. It might, wfth propriety,
be said that he grew up in the stable
and paddock. He is inoffensive in
manner, dull of wit, without ambition
to become anything better than a
stable boy. Entirely self-possessed,
he manifests little regret for the post
1 Bishop Nichols, I think it would be right
and proper to suggest that we give
. thanks to Almighty God for this bounte- ;
FISHING FOR CHARITY
AGAINST THEIR WILL
State Officers Knock the Profits of
the Toilers of the Inland Sea.
IN the upper part of San Pablo
Bay the fishermen are weeping
and wailing and indulging In the
choicest cuss words of half a
dozen foreign languages and such
American profanity as their knowl
edge of the tongue permits. After
two weeks' hard work buffeting
wind, waves and storm they have
just learned that their labors have
been without gain to themselves,
and that the poor and orphaned of
two counties have been growing fat
on fish that the fishers valued at
nearly two bits a pound. In other
words, they have been fishing for
charity— and did not know it. Hence
their anger.
The laws of the State make it un
lawful to catch striped bass under
three pounds in weight, but the
high price of these fish Induces the
fisherman to run the risk of arrest
and the confiscation of the catch.
Since the present storm has been
on the run of small bass has been
very large In San Pablo Bay, and
the netmen from the upper waters
of that body have worked hard to
take adavntage of the run. It is
almost Impossible to catch them
breaking the law, for the first sight
of the State Fish Commission launch
Quinnat causes the lawbreakers to
signal to their comrades and the
evidence of guilt is quickly disposed
of. The next best thing for the
deputies of the commission to do is
to seize the fish as they nrrlve from
the several railroad stations along
the Contra Costa shore. This has
been done with a vengeance, for
during the- past ten days over 1300
pounds of the prohibited fish have
been seized. As these cannot be
sold the Commissioners have sent
seizures to the Protestant, Hebrew
and Catholic orphan asylums and
almshouses in this city and Oak
land, where the delicacy has been
much appreciated by the inmates.
Meanwhile the tollers of the la
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT,, THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 1899.
and no concern for the future. His
vocabulary is of the track and seem
ingly limited to that and a few
phrases of the street. He never vol
unteers a statement, and answers all
questions put to him in the fewest
possible words; yet he answers ques-
tlons concerning the killing of Epper
son as willingly as he does on any
other topic.
Twice yesterday Gilligan manifest
ed a trace of interest in his surround
ings. Once was when he asked when
the Inquest on Epperson would be
held, and being told that It would
probably be this evening, followed it
with another query as to when his
examination would take place. The
second time was when The Call artist
had finished a sketch of him, for
which Gilligan readily consented to
pose. The prisoner expressed a curi
osity to see what he looked like, but
made no sign of approval or disap
proval of the work.
This man, who bears the reputation
of being one of the quietest of the
race track hangers-on, is one of the
army that has been transplanted to
Emeryville through the agency of the
racing game, and one of the army
that flourished at Ingleside prior to
the prohibition of the disreputable
methods that prevailed there. It is
his kind that maintains such deadfalls
as the Office saloon, where the trag
edy occurred. It is not surprising
ous downpour of rain. Therefore, let us
ask the Bishop to return thanks to God."
The idea was accepted, and Bishop Nich
land sea have pursued their labors,
while dreams of wealth In the form,
of cheeks from their consignees
have floated across their minds.
That they did not know of the seiz
ures of their fish is accounted for
by the fact that all of them live
near the head of the upper bay and
they only go to the Postofflce about
once a week for the returns from
thr-lr catches. The returns were due
about this time of the week and
since Tuesday the fishers have been
arriving at their homes near Marti
nez, where the news of their mis
fortune was first learned. They at
once recognized the handiwork of
Deputy John Davis, whom they call
"Johna Davia," and he has come in
for the bulk of their cussing.
"Johna Davia, he steala th' fish, I
losa th' nvona. Saparasta sa cres
ta" Is the way they pay it.
that the respectable people deem it
time that all should be driven from
their midst.
Gilligan still maintains that he acted
entirely In self-defense, and so far the
Oakland police have discovered noth
ing to disprove'his claim. He reiter
ates his first statement of the inci
dents leading up to the cutting, and
says he never had any trouble with
Epperson prior to Tuesday evening,
when he started with a friend for the
train and the jockey attempted to
take his friend away from him. Ep
person and Gilligan had a fight, In
proof of which Gilligan displays a
badly cut ear and one or two minor
marks on his face. Epperson, he says,
threatened to kill him, but he made
his escape and went into the Office
saloon. Epperson followed him, and
fearing he intended to carry out his
threat, Gilligan picked up a small
bread knife lying on a shelf. Epper
■on again attacked him and got him
down on the floor, when he used the
knife.
Gilligan's story differs in several
particulars from the statements of
eye witnesses, but it is noticeable that
the latter versions are even more
favorable to him than his own story.
Gilligan, in tolling of his past, said
he had been arrested once in this city
for "too much boor," as he put It. but
he denied having been implicated in
any serious trouble before. Several
of his companions at the track visited
him in Jail yesterday and took him a
substantial dinner, which hf> disposed
of with keen relish. His friends have
also engaged an attorney for him.
Epperson's remains are at the
Morgue in Oakland. The inquest will
be held this evening.
ols performed the duty, after which he
gave the assemblage his benediction.
Gamage Surrendered Himself.
Jule C. Gamage, president and manager
of the Harding Collection Agency, Bur
rendered himself to Captain Bohen at
police headquarters yestercfay and was
taken to the City Prison, where a charge j
of manslaughter was booked against him.
He was released on his own recognizance
by Judge Mogan. As related exclusive- j
ly in The Call, Gamage, while driving
a buggy round the corner of Market and I
O'Farrell streets Tuesday night, knocked ;
down Isaac R. Jones, a well-known lot
tery-ticket seller, who died a few hours j
later at the Receiving Hospital.
Alameda News Notes.
AL.AMEDA, March 22.— Assemblyman
Joseph R. Knowland and W. F. Chiprnan
have been elected delegates to the grand
parlor of Native Sons by Halcyon Parlor
No. 14S.
The Current Events section of the Adel
phian Club will meet to-morrow. The fol
lowing subjects will be discussed: '•In
vention of Paper by the Chinese," "The :
Maguey Plant and the Paper It Pro- i
duces," "Manufacture of Paper Collars.
Now a Dead Industry," "Uses for Wood |
Pulp," "Paper From Corn Stalks and Po
tato Stalks," "Tndergraduate Course at
Vassar" and "Colonel George E. Waring
and Ills Death."
Oakland News Notes.
OAKLAND, March 22.— During the past
twenty-four hours two inches of rain
have fallen in this city. Should no more
rain fall orchardists and beet-growers
would be thoroughly satisfied. The rhu
barb market of Chicago is drawing more
carloads from San Leandro than any pre
vious year. The season shipment will rep
resent $50,000.
The business of the Oakland Postofflce
Is rapidly increasing and Postmaster
Friend says that If Oaklanders would do
all their post business with the local of
fice this territory would merit more car
riers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RHEUMATISM,
Lame Back, Sciatica, Lumbago, Kidney and Back
Pains Cured by
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S NEW METHOD.
Over three thousand cures in this State — cures of Rheumatism, of
Sciatica in its worst form, of Lumbago, so bad that it was impossible
to stoop; of all kinds of aggravated pains and aches. . It is quick in its
work, many cures resulting in a few days. Relief always comes in a
week. It is better than drugs or any other known trr>nt~,~- -•* Try it.
Consultation free. Book giving full description sent on request- . ■'-■■
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send fok m , book ,
r £* 6 Z^?™ y^£ " »»*e ~«« " ■"*"
Office hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays, IT IS MAILED FREE.
10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
GROWTH OF THE
CITY RETARDED
BY CEMETERIES
Statistics for the Su
pervisors.
AN EFFORT TO CLOSE THEM
STAETLING FIGURES GIVEN TO
SUPPORT A PETITION.
Representatives of the Burial Places
Affirm That Any Steps Taken
Should Be for Their
Removal.
Startling statistics as to the cause of
the slow growth of this city and also as
to the high death rate were presented to
the members of the Health and Police
Committee of the Supervisors yesterday
when its members heard the petition of
the Western Addition Development Club
that an ordinance be passed prohibiting
burial of the dead within the city limits
after January 1, 1902.
E. P. E. Troy, vice president of the
Richmond Improvement Club, in his ar
gument in support of the petition, dwelt
chiefly upon the effect of the cemeteries
in retarding the growth of the city to
the westward. He said that a conserva
tive estimate, made by people competent
to Judge, placed the increase of popula
tion in this city during the past ten years
at not over 25,000. This, in a population
of 300,000, he held to bo a small percent
age. Contrasted with this he cited Marin
County. He told of the enormous in
crease in population of Mill Valley, Sau
salito and San Rafael. He claimed the
latter had trebled its population in a few !
years. Alameda County presented the I
same state of affairs. Its population, he i
said, had increased 150,000 in the last dec- !
ade, while some of its small towns had
ten times as many inhabitants as they
had ten years ago.
This condition Mr. Troy attributed
solely to the cemeteries and their blight
ing effect. The people who were building
across the bay were the ones who would
choose the Western Addition for their
homes if all conditions # were favorable.
He said the present yovement was not
one in which it was Urtended to move the
dead. He favored Jfeaving the dead un
disturbed, but to jmt a stop to further
interments. Tha/speaker dwelt on the !
temptation to -wTiich officers of cemetery
associations were exposed, chief among ,
which was that of overselling the ground i
under their control. This led to burials ',
too near the surface and other evils. He
drew attention to the fact that burials
were double those of births and that the f
death rate was double that of any other
city m America.
John Henderson, secretary of the club
petitioning for the closing of the ceme
teiies, was the first protestant heard. He
said the petition was presented in good
faith: that the club had been organized i
fur the purpose of improving the West
ern Addition and to develop that portion
of the city. He said there were only two
outlets to the city, and one of those was
out Point Lobos avenue, which passed be
tween two cemeteries. This prevented the
natural development of that part of the
city. He said Ricnmond was a suburb of
San Francisco, instead of a part of It. uja
it should be. It was separated from the
city proper by a line of tombstones.
Dr. Cross followed, taking for his theme
the question of sanitation. He Bald a
fight similar to the one he and his as
sociates were making had been made in
every city in the world. He counseled
that in consideration of the disposal of
the dead the committee should not be
swayed by sentiment. He told of the
various diseases that might be spread
about, especially through the seepage
that polluted the water used for drink
ing purposes. The first thought should
be for the living, and not for the dead,
he said.
J. H. McKnlght, with Attorneys Cres
well, Gould and Hubbs, ail spoke in fa
vor of the petition.
Superintendent George R. Fletcher of
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery was the only
speaker against the proposed ordinance.
although officials were present represent
ing all the parties at interest. Mr. Fletch
er said the people of this city had not
asked that the cemeteries be closed. He
held that the Board of Health was the
proper body, and that Its members would
without doubt recommend the closing of
the cemeteries if they were a menace to
public health. In answer to the assertion
of the high death rate, he said the ward
in which the cemeteries are located Is.
according to the statistics of the Board
of Heaith, the healthiest in all the city.
He did not use it in his argument, but
it Is affirmed that the explanation of the
high death rate here is the fact that i
many people come from the interior to
the hospitals of this city for treatment :
and die here. This shows a death rate i
out of all proportion m the number of i
inhabitants of the city. Mr. Fletcher held i
that any legislation directed at the cemr- !
teries should be for their removal, and |
not merely to close them. This mea"nt
a confiscation of the property of all per-
Bons owning plots there, as they could :
not use them for the purpose for which !
they were originally purchased. The mem
bers of the Health and Police Commit
tee decided to hear further argument
before making any recommendation to i
the Supervisors. Chairman Collins pre- !
sided, the others present being Supervis- j
ors Att ridge and Phelps.
Printing, engraving, stamping, visiting
canis and wedding Invitations at Sanborn
& Vails. •
The Greatest Tonic
for the sick, convalescent or
It is assimilable by the weakest
stomach, invigorates the entire system, refreshes, restores
health and strength.
Made only by
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, ST. LOUIS, U.S.A.
Brewers of the celebrated Brands: The Famous Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob.
Anheuser Standard, Pale Lager, Black and Tan and Anheuser-Busch Dark.
THE SPRING POET
Is now on his rounds with his pet col-
lection of verses, and is about as much
trouble to the editor as a collar with
shark's teeth digging into you. Our
careful methods of laundering collars,
cuffs and shirts never show frayed |
edges or broken button holes, and the |
color and finish laid on all linen laund- !
ered here is faultless in its beauty. |
Bring us a bundle for a sample.
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Telephona
South 420
I suffered from ca- jff'^i y>^V
tarrh; it got so bad I /g^MBAUK^
could not work; I used J^'^J^t^l
Ely's Cream Balm and fmß J|^/ \
am entirely well.— A. F* {
C. Clarke, 341 Shawmut JP%s|£V
j avenue. Boston, Mass. . g^L'^^S, j
Cream balm is placed into nostrils, spreads
; over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief is
! immediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying !
! —does not produce sneezing. Large size, 50c;
at druggists or by mall: trial size. 10c. by mail.
i ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren St., New York.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SDO XOT DESPAIR! DonotSul- i
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life. can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of »rrooa I>er»lllty are
absolutely cured by PKRFJEOTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in- I
fomnia, failing? memory and tl/c ast«
and drain ot »it«l powers, incurred by
Indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart vittor anil potency to every func-
! tion. Brace up the system. Give Ak bloom to the j
i cheeks and lustre to the eyes of A-f |\young or old. j
on i' Me box renew**ital energy rjififl boxes at
i 52. 50 a complete guaranteed cure TJTtff or money re-
| funded. Can be carried in vest "•sjs" pocket. Sold |
everywhere or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of •
i Vice by TUB PERFECTO CO.. Caxton Bid*., Chicago, lit- i
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
RAILBOAJL TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa ft Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves sa.i
Francisco via Los Angeles at 9
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES.
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob*
eervatlon Car and Eleotrio :
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally i
Overland Express.
Sill fBAJCISCO TICKET OFFICE — til MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE! MAIN 16*1.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol i Street.
San Jon Office— West Santa Clara SI
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAB
My a»f sSsi if Jfi iot»Sii»i>l Vf A *phw
fiPumon Pacific,
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUTJHANGE.
BUFFET FMOKINa AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE) DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY >Vi DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves Ban Francisco dally at I p. a.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Airrat,
No. I Montgomery street. Ban Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD. 1
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. *i:Z<K 11:00 a. m.: 1:0.
»:45. 6:15, •6:00. 6:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon- I
«ays. Wednesdays and Saturdays it U:» p. aa. !
BUNDATS— «B:OO. »10:00. ni:S» a. m.; M:!*, |
1:00. •<:*>. 6:15 p. m.
: Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
i FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYB— 6:K. «6:85. 1:«. •9:30 a. m-j
1 11-.t0.. t:M. «i:45. 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS- -VS. '8:00. *10:00. *U:55 a. m-s
•1:15 •8:10. 4:40. »6:IO p. tn.
Trains marked • starts from San Quentln. ■
FROM MIT.L VALUT TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S «:4S. 7:56. 9:40 a. m. :
U:SS. 2:45. S:KO. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wt'nesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 n. to.
BUNDAY3-8:00. 10:05 a. m.: U:OS. 1:10. I:*.
I:**. f :I0 p. m.
THROUGH ' TRAINS.
f:»0 a. m wpek dnvn — Cazadero and way sta'am.
1:« V m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
■no a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way ata's.
MOUNT IAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. ~
(Via 'uuulito erry,)
aT ll^. lrnUWU *' ««««ncla, Soudan,
Week Days— #:*• a. m,. 1:« a> m. id
Banday*— «:••. 10:«». 11:10 a. m.. ttU sw M. *1
Roord trin from Mm 'alley, n. ~1
TROB COOK » BON. Ag^ntt. m IfarSM
. sirtet. Ban FrmnclKO. — i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAILROAD TRAVEL :
lODTHERS iriC CO3IPA2HT.
(PACirio HYHTBM.) •
Trains leave i»u«l ««■«• «'•••' '• i»rrl»« ••
UAH rnAfiVlHV**.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
uati — Prom De& 18. 1838. — akiut»
•6:00 a Nile*. San Joee and W»7 Stations... '«*
7:00 a Benlcla. Suiaun and Sacramento.. .. Briar
7«OOa MsrysTille. OroviUeand lUdiling t1»
Woodland 2*151
TiOOa Elmlra, VaoaTllle and Rumsey Hi4»p
7:SOa Martlner, San Ramon, Vallejo. Naps,
Callitoga and Santa Ito»» 2 f i',
BiOOa Atlantic Kipreee, Og«lon and Kant.. W»»
• ■3Oa Sau Jo»«, IJTericore, Stockton.
lone, Sacramento, Flaoervtlia.
Marysvllie, Chioo. lleil llluIT: 1 !? 1 "
BiSOa 'Milton, Ofckdale and Jamestown... *ttar
810O A. Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton. _
Merced .nd J-'renno 12:1»»
•iMOa Frcniio, Bakerßdclil. "Santn H;irl>ar»,
Los ADfeie*. Dealing, El Paso.
New Orleans and Bait 5,2*
IO:»Oi Vallejo, Martinez and Way Station* 7i«*
19:00 m Kfles, Lirermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MenUota, Uauford, VU»11»,
renerTllle •• .J 1 !?*
•ItOOr Sacramento UlTer Steamer* # Si«O*
4tOOr Martinez, San lUuion, Vallejo.
Napa, Callstog*. HauU Koea Bil»*
4iO*r Beulcia, VacaTille, Sacramento,
Woodland. Knlghta Landing.
MarjßTille, Oro»IIIe '2 ! 12t
4i3Op Nilee, San Joaeaud Stockton ....... 7»1O»
•:O«rBan Francisco and Lob Angeles
Limited Fresno. Bakersfleld. Los
Angelos .2 ?2i
aiSOr Stockton, Meiced, Fresno I»jl3#
•iSOr Martiuex. Tnor, ilendota, Fresno,
Mojave, Sauta Barbara cud Los
Ad.olvs ....»..•• ■<*»*
|5:OOP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Hock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East |9:45 A
•iBnr rtanta To Ruiue. Air»ullc l.xi<toos
for Mojaro ami Kaat S*S*
SiOOr Ruropenii Mall, <jgcl«ii and East.... »:tf>*
0:UOf wards, Nlles and Man Jose llfI I f5 A
••tOtti- Vallejo • 12i15r
t7i«ttp VaUeJo. Port Costa and Way Sta- .
tions J0:43»
l:tOp Oregon Haoraineuto, Marys.
«illt). ItnMliiK. PorUaixl, I'ngel
Huiindaml ICut SilSa
«lO:O3p Sansot Limited. Fresno, To*
Angwles, Xl Pa«o. New Orleans
and Bait I* 1 **"?
"'fcAN LKANIMIO AMI IIAVWAUDS LOCAIm
(Foot of Market Street.)
' Xclrotie. Seminary i'nrk,
SiOOa Fltclibnrs;, Klmhamt, - C: «.">».
:«Oa Kan I^aadrn, South San i»0: IS*
lO.OOa I^audro, KatudlllO, JI! 1 12' 1
41 1:OOa Lorcnso, Cherry ' I .? : iiI F
8:«0f and Wall
»>O«» llaynani*. *J*s»
7iOor < Runs through to Nile* ' l *°*
J t From Nllea. I —
""— COAST DIVISION (Narrow Haujre). *
(Foot of Market Street.) |
•il3a Newark. Ont?r»Ule,BanJose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Orui and Way
SUtiona, »iS«»
•»il3p Newark, CeuterTille, San Joee, New
Almaden, Pelton, Boulder Creek.
6«nta Crux and Principal Way
Station* MOi3«t>
«:I.lp Newark. San Jose and Lob 0a*08... 9:2»a
flli43pHuntaii' Kxouraioa. San Joss and
m Way Btnttor.n .-,,.,-)TJ«t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm SU mKCISCO— roat or Market Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:16 - 9:00 11 :00a.m. {1:50 *8:0Q J3:09
•4:00 t5:00 •B:flor.M.
01IUNB— F»«t orSro»1»«T.— : 00 8:00 10:00».B.
112:00 »l:00 t3:00 t 3:C3 U:80 »B:OQPJa,
COAST DIVISION (Broad flange). *
(Third and Towngeiid Sta.) <
7:*Oa San .lone »nd Way BUtioii» (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) Ii 8*»
liMi Ban Joae. Tres rinos. Kmitu Crua,
Pacitlc Grovo, Paso Unbles, San
Luis <>k>ia|>o, Gnadalupe, Surf and ■ ' '.-
Prlnolpai Way Sutloi.s 4ilOr
ISiISa Sau Jom and Way Stations »»i«O*
IliBOa San Jo«« and Way Stations Si 39*
**i«Or San Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Sauta Clara, Han .'<««,
Oilroy, Hollister, Santa Crui.
Salinas, Monterey and Pad lie
Ororo "lOia"*.
•BißOpBauJoteanit Way Stations •»i«O4
•4ilsp San Jo«eam\ Principal Way Stations 9:454
*S:O6p San Jose and Principal Way Stations Bi33a
BiBOr San Jo*e and Principal Way Statious 3i3o|>
0:SOp San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
{ll:4Bp 3an Jose and Way Stations 7i»»f
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays eioepted. t Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only
and Thursdays. nTu.-.<days and Saturday *.
(Saturdays and Wednesdays. tThu»(d»rs and Sunday*.
CILIFDINIA NORTHWESTERN ST. CO.
LES3E3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Ferry. Poot o< Market 6«,
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAKU
tTEEK DAYS— 7:BO, 8:00. 11:00 a. m. : 11:3,
8:t0. 5:10, 6: SO p. m. ihursdays — Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:64
and 11:20 p. m.
JUND ATS— B:OO, 9:80, 11)00 a. m. I 1:80. I:J«.
- 6.00, 6:20 P. is.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:60. 9:80. 11:10 a. m.: l)i«L
t:4O, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip* at
1:63 and 6:35 p. m. -
AYS— B:IO. 8:40, U:U a. m.! 1:40, S>4t»
8:00, 8:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetaen Park
lum schedule as above. ■ __
Leave" AiTire
San Francisco. In Effect San Fr.tnclsco.
■i October 1«. ■-
Week ! Sun- ISSB. Bun- i Week
Days. Days. Destination, days. I da?*.
t:Soom 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:44 am °
8:19 pm 9: SO am Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:28 ara
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 6:33 pox
Fulton,
Ti«o am Windsor. IDiM am
Eealdsburg,
Lytton. .-.. .•-. -:■.
Oeyscrrtn*.
• :topm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:83 ptn l:Upo
Hopland and
f :90 ara Uklah. 7:85 pin 6 IS pa
"ftSO am "~ 10:18
8:00 am Ourneyrille. T:SS pm
• :S0 pro 6:23 pat
TJO am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ta
and
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Olen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:23 pa
7:3i>am 8:00 am Sebastopo!. 10:40 am 10:25 am
B;SO pm 8:00 pmj T-.SS pm 8:!2 pea
Btaees conneot at Santa Rosa for' Mark. We**
iprinjr*; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
■ervlUo for Skagrfs Springs; at Cloverdale. for
he Oeyeers; at Hopland for Duncan , Springe,
Highland Sprints. Kelseyvllla, Carlsbad
Bprlngs, Soda Bay, Lajceport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ultloh for Vichy Springs, Saratov*
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lleriey's. Bucknell's,
pa-nhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle, Boonevllle, Orr*»
Hot Springs. Mendocino CUy. Fort Bragg;
Waftport. usal. Wlll'.tts. Laytonville, . Cum»
binges. Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol sen's. Dytr,
Ecotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round tri»> ticket* M
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip ticket* to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 880 Market St.. Chronicle bid*
B. C. WHITtN*O. R. X. RYAN.
' .General Manager. Oen. Pan* ArenU
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIR.
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
■ From Jan. 28.' lS99."tr»lns will run as follow*^
South-bound. North-bound. I
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen. -
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
. Dally.. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally. ,
7:20 am 10:80 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pa
8:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm>
10:40 ami 5:35 pm Fresno 6:30 am 2:42 pa
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am I:4* pn»
2:25 pm 12:80 am Eakerafleld 2.00 am 11:00 ami
11:59 am 6:25 pm " Vlaalla 6:40 am 1:22 pro,
11:16 pm 6:83 pm! . Tulare 6:60 ami 1:06 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points a* required. '
For particulars of stage and other connections]
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mark**]
Itrwt. San Frgmclaco. - — ~ -»ORTHIA FOOLED
WILLIE SINK
BY WINKING
Let His Filly Run Un
backed.
NICELY RIDDEN BY STIMPSON
PAT MORRISSEY A WONDER IN
THE MUD.
Montgomery Enjoyed an Outing.
Jinks Ran Disappointingly.
Mainbar Won at Juicy
Odds.
respite the Inclemency or the weather, a :
good siwnl crowd of enthusiasts braved
the elements and attended the races at
Onkiand track yesterday. The rain fell I
Incessantly, until the course resembled a |
hop wallow. Short priced ones in the bet- i
ting- turned out pood investments, four i
first choices being landed at the wire first. j
About the only sensational feature of
the sport was the victory of Orthla,
daughter of Ormonde and Muta, after re- !
ceding in the betting: from 6 to 5 to 6 to 1. :
"Willie Sink Is the owner of this grand
looking: two-year-old filly and thinks he !
has one that will set the turf world to
buzzing before the snow flies next fall. |
But he didn't think she could win yes- |
terday. She was too good to be uncorked j
In these regions. Young Earl Stimpson |
had the mount and rode like a veteran. .
Getting away from the post fifth, he grad- i
bally closed on Solace, which beat the ,
' gate, and won hands down.
Mainbar, ridden by Ellis and 12 to 1 in j
the ring, splashed in ahead of his field j
in the first event decided, a sprint over !
the Futurity course. Cavallo took the |
place, beating New Moon a head. The fa- i
vorite, Pat Murphy, found the route too j
far.
The seven-furlong selling run went to j
the lukewarm favorite Castake. piloted j
by Eddie Jones. Second to Jim Brownell I
into the stretch, he then took the front j
position, winning easily from Heigh Ho. i
Pat Morrissey proved a wonder in the j
sloppy footing. Backed from twos to 11 i
to 10 to win the mile and a sixteenth run, !
Spencer took him out in front and fairly |
spreadeagled his company, leading Red j
Glenn over the. line by fifteen lengths in J
1:48%, a remarkably fast performance.
Plan ran Into the show.
Many thought Jinks capable of giving |
Montgomery an argument in the six-fur- j
long spin that followed, but she made a
signal failure of it. Jones handled her j
to poor advantage and finished third. ;
Montgomery winning about as he pleased !
frnm Etta H.
The final run over the Futurity course ]
was captured by Festoso. the favorite, I
ridden by Piggott. In a hard fought fin- |
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Wednesday, March 22, 1899.—Sixty
second day of the winter meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
rainy. Track sloppy. _____
. MURPHY. Presiding Judge.
JAMES B FERGUSON. Starter.
QgZA FIRST RACE — Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. I^O.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St
»4m.
4m.
%m. . Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Retting:.
Op. <:i.
532 Malnbar. 4 107 7
525 Cavallo. 5 108 1 8
'■■- New Moon, 6 1051 3
527 Pat Murphy, a.... 107 1
"- None Such. 4 10Sl 4
617 I Don't Know, a.. ..107) 2
655 Little T G. 4 105 5
756 Bliss Rucker. 4.... 110 1 6
1 1
7 4
4 3
1 1
6 M
3 4
6 h
8
1 3
6 2
3 4
2 3
7 10
4 4
5 1
1 4
6 2
3 h
2 4
4 h
62
•
1 14 Ellis I 12 12
2 h Hahn ! ij 7
3 2 Mounce J 4 11-2
4 2 K. Jonpg S-5 8-5
5 2 J. Power ' 20 50
6 1 'Ruiz : 6 7
7 J. R»lff : 20 3)
... iThorpe j 7 8
•Pulled up.
Time— To hi. :TiK: to U,. :+6: last %. 1:OSH: short %. V.XPA. TTinner. Carruthers. Shields
& Co 'p eh. g. by imp. Sir Modred-Evrglade. Good start. Won first three driving.
Malnbar was nicely ridden. With a more urgent ride New Moon would have won. Pat
Murphy "blew up." I Don't Know appears to havo lost nil form.
jSj»(— SEXTON'D RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, WOO.
Index. Horse. Age. Welßht
3t
4m.
\m.
Str.
Fin. I
845 Castake. 4 110 3
797 Heigh Ho. 4 106 2
732 Jim Brownell. 4 110 1 «
7?8 Soolalist, 4 110! 1
RS7 Roadrunner. a IH 5
7<C Earl Cochran, 6 113 7
819 Tom Calvert. 4 110 3
895 Texarkana, 4 117 9
826 Qreyhurst. 6 n *[*
25
31
1%
4 3
8 4
8 3
7 3
8
•
2 3
3 H
1 4
4 3
7 4
6 2
5 h
8
12H I Jones ! 2
2 1 J Reiff I 5
3 m Mounce I 20
4 6 I Jenkins | 15
5 1 Flint I 20
6 4 'Ellis I 15
7 8 'Hennesitv .... I 7-2
8 IR. Smith I 60
I Spencer ] 3.
5-2
3
B0
30
50
12
«
100
4
•Bolted.
TlmH4. :13; %. "■37: «4. 1:"2H: '*. 1:31. Winner. W. L,. Etanfield's b. g. by Apache-
L.lna Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
The going suited Castake. Jim Prownell had plenty of speed. Tom Calvert ran a very
bad race.
Scratched— Ludwlg 116.
q >—/> THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds ; purse. $400.
Horse.
Weight.
Hm.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
• Jockeys.
7»1 Orthta 1051 5 ... ... 3 1 2 * 12 E. Stlmpson.J 3 6
TTJ? Solace 1 05 2 ••• ••• 1 8 14 2 5 !rv>vln ! 3 7-2
■M Oarbo 100! 4 ... ... 4 3 1 3 1 (Hennessy | 4 4
Bard 00 HOI I 2« 4 3 4 2 11 Powell ! 2 4
8M Jennie RUey 11611 5 5 3 5 4 IH. Shields. ...l 4 9-2
SO6 Ktckumbob l n "' 7 « <! 4 6 4 metro I 50 100
Mnand 11°' 5 7 7IS 720 Ward ! 30 TO
"... Plcton »* ! 8 8 8 8 Ruiz | 30 50
Tim*— :24^: V>. •■"IH. Winner. W. B. Sink Jr.'s eh. f. by Imp Ormonde-Muta. Good
. ' et&rt. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Polac* "received a flying start. Ortnla won like a crackajack. Burdoc was a touted
good thing.
Scratched— Rachel C 106.
o ,— »-r FOTRTH 'RACE— One and a sixteenth miles: selling:
OD 4 • . puree. $400. .
—
Index. Horse. Aw. Weight.]
. Btd. Mm.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(947) Pat Morrissey. 5... 109! 1
<?<! Red Glenn, a 1"2 2
/ M 6 Plan. 4 **) 5
rS4) Imperious. 4 * •>
* - S3* Limewete'-. 3 102 4
776 Pare 11. 5.....:.....10»l 3
1 4
2 1
I 4
It
5 3
4 2
1 X
2 S
3 1
I
" 0
4 2
1 10
2 4
3 1
6
5 r,
4 1H
1 15
2 8
3 1
6
E 2
4 2
1 15
2 5
3 2
6
5 1
4 2
1 15 ISpencer I (US 11-10
2 2 'Jones I 7-2 6
3 4 Mill- ! 12 g
4 4 U. n»iff ' 5 «
r 4 iMcXicholß ...I 5 7
6 lD»vln I 7 ]2
" T!m c— 1-I6 :07: 5-16. :tIU: 9-16. :R6: 13-16. 1:21^.: mile. 1:41%; 1 l-16m, 1:48% Winner F
McMahon's b. ir. by Lord Olfton-Tennle B. Good start. Won pulling up. Second easily."
Morrlssey is a wonder In the mud. He spread-eagled his field.
• QfT Q FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling: three-year-olds and upward: purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight:
1.
Mm.
4m.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
■«U Montgomery. 6 •— gj 1 ... 13 15 15 12 SSSSSL i 5 9 _ lo
"5 Vtta H 5 ::..10f>\ 3 ... 2h 2h 2 4 2 2 iHenrmssv I in 17
«n links 3 101t « ... 3 3 8 8 3R 3 4 lE. Jones ...".I 2 8^
~S X Highland Ball. 4.. .1022 ... M 4h 5 4 4 U -iMcNlchols "[l 28 £
T«o Morlnga. 4 }£ \\ - \\ I* 7 1 55S Devln - \» 30
--.r Ama.a. 4 in?! €..-€26 6 «10 Gray '20 .60
30$ HUFktn. 4 1"2 « ••• f2 | | ' W Gray r ,A 40
/.. B«cM«I. 5 1021 » ••• ■ ? 8 8 J. Daly^ j:l:L:^ioo 300
Tfme^v; :24: H. MSI *• i:i«. Winner. W P. Majrane's eh. K . by Hanover-Blessing
OJyJT Wtart Won <*a«ir.fr up. Second and third drlvin*. '" X -
The winner struck hi? own (tame Jinks should have bean second. Etta H Interfered
' with her In the stretch. Morin?w failed to show any speed. Too warm company for
Am Reratrhed— Don VnllHn WJ. .Tlnir'o .Tingle 88. Alicia 100. Distinction 100. Torsion 105
N'llhau Vf. Montallnde 102. Chappie IC3. '»
O_q SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds; purse.. $350.
O»)"« "■, . :
Ind«.
Horse.
Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Bet
Op.
MS 9-e.toM SL! ••• S?4 7 % ••■ !u mST" I 2
— >« T iv,,. An : :::::: KM 9 ... " Z4 £ "a kte^i* J 9.9
nSig&SS?..*:::::::::^!' ••• *«• » a - 55 l&ffiK*?::! S II
'4? Romany 1™ " ••• 5 * 5 "" 8 S ""J" .■: ' M 20
TM B r"lnk ....117 10 ... « « ... ** f - h " lB ..- W 25
™ cfeaSST..:::::::::JSfW ::: » « - " s *$*>* ;*> «
... Ora Cora 1091 7 ■■■ » » 12 ! Cole 140 100
Tim*- Tw'u. :»%: to Mi :46V* : In" %. 1:04; short %. 1:14. Winner. J. Naglee Burke 1
eh. cby Wildl'.lle-Vedme. ' Good Btart. ""-'on J first three driving. a fur,on* from home
Weber won best. The. Miller playad In hard luck. Was cut off a furlongr from home
by Gin Sling. He might have landed.
Scratched— Judge Woftord 109. Minerva 109.
ish, the "Wlldldle colt earned th« verdict
by a head from Peter Weber.
To-Day'a Entries.
First Futurity course; thr««- year-old
fillies.
858 Florence Fink. .110 762 Mar L. 110
S»2 ("harmante ll0U7K»)Odd Eye* uo
Second Race— Seven furlong* ; three-year
olds; celling.
SiS Dunpralse 109 74S Stromo 106
830 Durwnrd 1M 1 SM Rondrunner 123
6*9 Pick Behan US! SCS Con Dalton 106
*?5 Cros»mollna ....104 £01 HeritaKe 120
<SM)M&lnbar 11l
Third Race-Four an .In halt forloassS two
year-olds; Waterhnuso Stake*; si-- I'-8241 '-
824 Pt. Anthony l3<i|(SK)Lomond " s .
M 4 Sardine I*> 844 Wlnyali «<>
: 833 Mountebank — US!
Fourth Race-Ox rurUwm: handicap.
85S MorJnjra jno|(M«)Dr. Sheppard....llS
f<U9MV>nlh«l ... to 713 Abuse j£>
S2l Rubicon ISO! grr Rio Chico 83
Fifth Race-On* ■■« a sixteenth miles: »ell-
Inc: fonr-year-oJda and unwura.
iN Prims Biases...!*] MSP. A. Flnneuan.lJJ
rgFyiToDtnast ...US MS Morine! 101
77S Rey de* TlVrrn - [llWs^Mdle Jon-s 112
sixth bmMiwm furloWs: selling; three
•vear-oM<« nnd upward.
"s-KTim IWI si 1 * Campus iw
5. "S»v;- i:;;:::?*" 1 *?."««* • i r ?lp - ■■ ?
(Win PalPdn V- «si Ro»»mal« 1J»
T57 s' WP -t Will'nr,. .■>'-. Ssl Varuba I*>
Ml Colonial Parr.?. .U">
Selections for To-Day.
| P,^ RacP _odd Eyes. Florence Fink. Char
"second Race-Con Dalton. Stromo. Road-
Second Race-Con Palton. Bttomo. Road
runner.
TV ._, R .^.r-orrißan stable, VSTinyah.
Fourth Rac^-Abuse. Rosormonde. Morlnga.
nftb Race _Eddle Jones. Rey del Tlerra,
I T^h*Rac»-Sweet William. rim. El Salado.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
They Increase the Per Capita Tax,
Install Their New Officers
and Adjourn.
The Grand Lodge of . the Knights of
Honor held its second session yesterday
iTnd concluded its labors. The principal
business at the morning session was the
adoption of the report of the special com
mittee on the extension of the order. This
suggested ways and moans by which the
order car. be extended and it provides
that the per capita tax be fixed at $2 a
year instead of $1 25. and that the pay
ment of such tax be in four quarterly
installments Instead of seml-annually, as
In the past. It also provides that 30 per
cent of the amount so realized be ex
pended exclusively in the work of secur
ing new members. The attention of the
grind officers is directed to the southern
part of the State as a field in which to
advance the order.
In the afternoon there came, up the elec
tion of the grand officers and after nom
inations ballots were taken with the fol
lowing result: Grand dictator P. L. Ar
chibald (re-elected* ; vice dictator. Charles
H Holcornb; assistant dictator. Ben I.
Salomon: reporter. Thomas Johnstone (re
elected by the unanimous vote of the
body); treasurer, F. W. Zehfus (re-elect
ed)" chaplain G. A. "Wanamaker; guide.
C A. Garthorne: guardian. W. S. Lane:
sentinel. H. L. Farrier: trustees— A. M.
McPherson. E. F. Joy and Charles Lampe:
supreme representatives— M. L. Crowe
and Charles F. Curry; alternates— A. H.
Voight and Harry J. Lask.
The great contest of the day was on
supreme representatives and the closest
fight was between Curry and Voight. Sev
eral ballots were taken before the prize
went to Curry-
Fred Raabe was named for the office of
grand guide, but he declined./
The new officers were installed by "W.H.
Barnes, acting supreme dictator; Harry
J. I,aisk as supreme guide and J. W.
Rourke as past supreme dictator.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 1899.
McCOY FEELS LIKE
A SURE WINNER
The "Kid" Rests at Ease, Confident
of the Outcome,
K1O" McCOY is now resting at ease. Up has finished his road exercise
and th-> punching: bap. -which has- resounded so many times in the past
few week? each time the "KM" tapped it with his mitts, is now as silent
aa -, dam at low tide. McCoy "is In the pink of condition." He
scales 158 pounds and will doubtless go Into the ring weighing about 165
pounds.
Joe Ohoynski, his prospective opponent, has also quit training and is as
fit as a fiddle to go a lons Journey. The betting Is 10 to 5V4, with Choynski
on the short erxl. but it can !>« safely snid that Choynski'a stock will take a
sudden jump upward this evening, as there are many dollars waiting to be
placed on the California when the name of the referee is made public. The
conditions of the light have already been mad.- public The referee must de
clare a winner, even though the battle runs on to the final or limit round.
If the contest goes the limit doubtless McCoy will win on points. Choynski'a
only hope Is In scoring a knork-out, at which pane he is very expert. .The
club managers are highly pleased with the sale of reserved seats, which, up
to last evening, amounted to $10,000.
OLYMPIC WHEELMEN
WILL FOSTER RACING
BIG MEET ON THEIR NEW TRACK
APRIL 16.
Events Will Be Open to All Riders,
Who Will Also Be Accorded
Training Privileges.
During the running of the recent indoor
'• tournament at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion snnif of the prominent members of
the Olympic Club Wheelmen came to the
conclusion that the track then erected in
the Pavilion would just about tit in tho
Olympic Club's outdoor groundß on H
street, BOUth of the park. They organ
ized among themselves a racing commit
tee, purchased the track and It is now
1 there tinder the control of the
Olympic Club Wheelmen.
At a meeting of the wheelmen held last
night It was decided to give a big race
meet on the track, open to all. on Sunday
afternoon, April 10. The affair will be in
charge of Charles Albert Adams, P. G.
Montealegre and T. C. McGinnlss, as
sisted by the following committee:
Executive— J. W. Mullen. Dr. J. F. Fitz
gibbon, Frank W. Fuller, W. D. Shea.
John Elliott; track— T. G. Spillane, H. I.
Hadenfeidt. W. L. Loos, C. H. Blyrick,
John A Hammersmith; programme— J.
W. coflroth, William Mackle, F. 11. Bush
nell, F. G. O'Kane, W. A. Irwin; tickets
— R. R. Russ, E. Goeller, N. A. Hewston,
H. V. Kamdell, Hugh McGlnniss. J. D.
Saxe. H. S. Runs. George Fonge. J. fl.
Henderson; advertising— T. F. Meherin,
Wallace Taylor, John Elliott, J. F. Cun
ningham; prizes— William Mackie, C. C.
Williams, K. A. Schleuter.
The first named on each committee is
the chairman.
The events have not yet been decided
upon but besides numerous open amateur
events will include a match pursuit race,
paced, similar to ih<- McFarland-Elkes
race, and a professional event.
Cards admitting riders to the use of th~
track for training will be issued at once
and no one can enter the grounds without
them. These may bo had by application
to the secretary. y24 Post street. Applica
tions of clubs for training quarters will
be acted upon in the order of their re
ceipt. Club secretaries are invited to send
in their requests for training tickets and
quarters at once.
The date of the meet was .irrnnged so
as not to conflict with the annual relay
race on May 14. The prices will be popu
lar—general admission 25 rents; reserved
g, :.- S :'"■ '■■■Dtp extra.
The Olympic Wheelmen are given great
credit for their activity in promoting the
racing end of the sport, of which this
meet is the first evidence since the Indoor
There is some talk of the long-distance
men going to Stockton and Fresno before
they return East. They am all at Sac
ramento now, wnltin^ for the weather to
dear so they can train for the meet there
on April 2. *
LEAGUE SEASON AT HAND.
Everything in Readiness for the
Popping of Base Hits.
Interest in the opening of the baseball
season next Sunday is rapidly developing,
and this season bids fair to be the m >st
successful that California has seen for
years. The members of all the clubs
have reported for practice and the teams
are out daily hard at work in preliminary
practice getting rid of the kinks in their
arms that have developed during the
winter's idleness. The weather has mili
tated against outdoor work during the
last week, but nevrrtheless the teams
will line up in pretty fair shape next
Sunday, as many of the players
have tnkpn to indoor exercise, hand
ball being resorted to in a great measure
to rid themselves of superfluous flesh. The
nines have been greatly strengthened
over last season, the weak spots being re
placed by imported Eastern players. In
tact, all the clubs have resorted to Im
portations save the Friscos, all the num
bers of the local team having been born
and raised in this city with on exception.
From a casual observation it would
appear that the home team is strong in
batteries and hitting, and if the members'
fielding proves equal to their hitting they
may be counted on being a formidable
factor in the fight for the pennant.
The San Franclscos and Oaklands will
| be the contending clubs here next Sunday
i and both teams will appear In new and !
handsome uniforms, the San v ranciscos* j
• colors being solid black with ' orange i
' trimmfriKS and white-coat.- Oakland will 7
be arrayed in colors of gray with maroon |
trimmings and maroon coat.
President Moran has appointed his
corps of umpires, having named Reub
: Levy, Jack Donahue and Dave Creamer i
■ for these responsible positions. The ur- j
pires" will appear in regulation. uniform. '
: The personnel of the league teams will be
• as follows:
fan Franelsco. Position. Santa Cruz.
I Iberg-Fitzpatrick F Bals-s— Donlen ■
j Hartman C Pace i
i Sullivan 1 U Busse
j O'Neil .......2 li Arrelanes
! R.?illy 3 B ...'. Devereaux
Krug : S. S Williams :
Muller L. F Strieb '
Pyne C. F Burxe
Hlldebrandt R. F Clarke
Oakland. Position. Sacramento. "I
Shea-Moskiman 1* Doyle-Harvey ,
Hammond C... Stanley 1
Murphy IB Shanahan
; L.. Hammond 2 V Kcltz
j Linge 3 B: Peeples
Schmeer S. S Lousrhead
Borland L. F Walker
Donovan C. F Dennie
. Hardle R. F Sheehan
fan Jose. Position. Watsonvllle.
; Borchers-Andrews P Harper-Whelan
; Kent C Hanson
Hanlon 1 B Selna ■
Anderson ..j2 B Flake
KUiber 3 B McCarthy
1 ODea S. S Courtney
McGucken L,. F Hayes
: Dalrymple C. F Morrow
Foley ....■ R. F Lawler
Tip O'Neil will captain the local team; j
I Devereaux. Santa Cruz; Lange, Oak- !
land; Peepb-s. Sacramento; ' Borchers, San ;
j Jose, and McCarthy, Watsonville.
IS THE ORDINANCE REPEALEDP
Point Raised That Cases of Pool-
sellers Prior to March 12
Should Be Dismissed.
An ingenious argument was made yes
terday afternoon before acting Police
Judge Barry by Attorney Long on be
half of John Smith, a poolseller, who was
arrested several weeks ago by Policemen
Tyrrell and Esola with several other
poolsellers south of Market street.
I>ong made a motion that the case be
dismissed, on the ground that the or
dinance against poolselling passed March
12 repealed the ordinance under which
Smith was arrested, and that therefore
he could not now be prosecuted. !!•■
quoted numerous decisions to support his
contention. Attorney Joseph Dunne, for
the prosecution, replied tnat it was a
matter entirely "within the jurisdiction of
the court as to whether the point raised
was covered by a section of the Penal
Code which h^ quoted. The Judge said
he would reserve his decision till Satur
day.
There are a number of cas^s hinging
upon the point raised, and if the Judge
decides that it is well tkaen they will
all he dismissed. If not. the c.ise of
Smith will be set for trial.
Mrs. General Booth Coming.
Mrs. General Balllngton Booth of the
Volunteers of America, who la now fully
recovered from her long illness in the
East, is en route to this city; nnd will oc
cupy the pulpit of Calvary Presbyterian
Church, corner of Geary and Powell
streets, Sunday evening, March 26. Mrs.
Booth w-ill speak on her work in the State
prisons.
The Volunteers' .prison work is estab
lished in nine or ton Stnte prisons. There
are about .'-;T< « * prisoners in the Prison
League, and Mrs. Booth Is in touch by cor
respondence and spiritual dealing with
about 10,000 men within State prison walls.
Very nearly 7"> per cent of the men who
graduate through this branch of work
are satisfactory cases. Homes, known as
"Hope Halls," are established, into which
the prisoners are received, whf-re every
comfort and consideration Is shown them
and from which they are graduated to
positions of occupation. Surely this is
philanthropy of the highest order. All do
nations, offerings, etc.. received during
Mrs. Booth's visit will be used in this city
and State for this work.
Major Jennie V. Hughes accompanies
General Booth on her California trip.
Belgian workmen are fund of cock crow
ing competitions. The other day one well
trained Dlrd crowed no less than 463
times in the course of an hour.
Easter cards, floral and plain crepe, tis
sue paper and paper flowers at Sanborn
& Vails. •
JOHN L SULLIVAN
SELECTED TO ACT
AS THE REFEREE
The Ex-Champion the
Popular Favorite.
HE IS NOW IN STOCKTON
GRANEY AND HOMEK SELBY
ARE VERY WELL SATISFIED.
The Big Fellow Has Been Notified
by Wire and Will Doubtless
Arrive in This City To
morrow Morning.
Last evening Homer Selby, brother of
"Kid" McCoy, and Eddy Graney. repre
senting Joe Choynski. met the directors
of the National Athletic Club in the
Palace Hotel purposely to select a ref
eree for the big fight at Mechanics' Pa
vilion to-morrow evening.
After considerable talk Oiraney submit
ted a (fird on whl<~h was written the
names of men any of whom would sat
isfy him for the office of referee. They
were Hiram Cook. Phil Wand. "Jack"
Kitchen and Jim McDonald. Selby sug
gested Charley Quinn. Frank Carr. Billy
or "Kid" La'igne. Neither representa
tives of the fighters could agree upon a
choice from the names proposed ami
everything looked dubious for a time un
til some one suggested John I- Sullivan.
The big fellow was immediately selected
by Graney and SHby and a message was
dispatched to Stockton, where Sullivan
is at present, notifying him of the result
of the conference. In all probability feul
livan will refen ■<■ the contest, as he in
formed several friends when the mat.-h
was made that be would not miss this
battle if he had to walk 200 miles over
railroad tl»s to see it.
Sullivan has refereed several boxing
contests in the East and he has always
given general satisfaction. He is a strong
Believer in fair piny and under those rules
fe e passes Judgment whenever he Is called
upon to officiate. In speaking of how ret
eres should act Sullivan remarked when
in thi> city that whenever a referee
Baw one of the contestants of a fight
sending his glove over the shoulder of
his opponent or hitting short when an
opportunity was offered to send in a good
srff body punch, he could safely make up
his mind that something was wrong,
and that the faker should he immediately
warned to get in and fight and if he re
fused the bout should be stopped and de
clared either "no contest" or given to the
man who was doing his best to win.
"The referees of the present day or at
least a number of them." said Sullivan,
"stand in with the fighters or if not they
are paid a good thing not to notice cer
tain blows which ore never Intended to
sting an opponent. To the audience at a
distance the sound of a slap •..= very
cheering, though it doesn't hurt a little
"Whenever I referee a fight you will see
a fight, because if they don't fi^ht I'll
throw both duffers out of the ring, and
that's all there's to it."
CYCLERS' ROAD EVENTS.
Preliminary Tryouts for the Coming
Annual Relay Race.
Tf the- weather clears sufficiently to per
mit the roads to dry there will be two
big rond races next Sunday, both short
distance handicap events, and both pre
liminary try-outs for the big relay race
to be held on May 14.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a
five-mile race from San Leandrn to Hay
wards, starting about 1*1:30 o'clock, and at
the same hour the Olympic Wheelmen
will start a ten-mile scorch over the sec
ond relay from the Sierra Point Housf on
the San Bruno rond to San Mateo. A
lame number of men are In training for
these events, as the speed they develop
in them will materially decide whether
they are eligible to positions on the re
lay teams, an honor much sought for
among road racing wheelmen.
The Kay Cities are also active in their
preparations for their two coming social
events— a ball at the Palace Hotel on
Wednesday evening, April 5. and a vaude
ville entertainment at Native Sons' Hall
on Thursday evening, April 13.
Eddie Bald, the short-distance champion
of the world, left tor the East last night
after a stay of nearly three months in
California. Raid will stop at his Buf
falo home for a few days and then go di
rectly to Paris.
Floyd McFarland has changed his mind
again. He now thinks he can beat Harry
Elkes at the latter's own game, middle
distance racing, and is willing to take on
a match with him for a suitable purse
and a side bet.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bueh and I^arkin f«s. Pwfmmlnf?. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt waterdlrect from ocean.
Interest Coupons Not Taxable.
Internal Revenue Collector T^ynch re
ceived a telegram from Washington yes
terday which will be of interest to bank
ers and business men generally. The dis
patch came from Internal Revenue Col
lector O. \V. Wilson and was In reply to
the following sent on the day before by
the Collector:
Is a amp required on coupon attached to
bond of private corporations secured by mort
gage In words >as follows: '"This coupon to
be surrendered at office of company, as
a receipt for — dollars, six months' interest
of on first mortgage."
To this Mr. Lynch received the follow
ing reply:
No stamp required on interest coupons de
scribed in your telegram.
G. W. WILSON, Commissioner.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1(123 Mission.
Beautiful Lenten Services.
The fifth of the series of Lenten serv
ices at St. Stephen's Church, which was
held last evening, was peculiarly impres
sive and beautiful on account of the sing
ing of the choir. It rendered Parker's
"Magnificat" In X flat and also "Nunc
I'mittis" in E flat with beautiful effect.
The latter was sung by the quartet of the
choir. In addition to thesf two selections
the choir sans Gounod's anthem. "Come
t'nto Him." and Sehnecker's "Art Thou
Weary?" Rev. E. B. Spaldlnp. L.H.D ,
conducted the services. The last of this
series of these Lenten services will be
held next Wednesday night.
x\)//a^\l///^ A Lame Back
j^^^i^' / / M%\. With pain in the region
|^^g^S^lS?7r^^S^ speedily relieved and
IW&S&**^^ \ * AX '" ' / 'I \\ cured with a Belt like the
'*3\ iFtthgr^ \\!-//*^' orie shown in tnis adver -
f{ ! ' r| * «g*?^^^g^^^^B^a^s-r^is^^»f?^^^^^^^v|^^"^ U )l *,Vy "t * s= "« :T1 & n t . It conveys the
bodTright to^hTSot and
'^^^^^t-p^^^^^^ 3^^ does the work "like light-
'WlJsyifeA nlng." With i> good Belt
you will have no use for
-^Crtr- v|Y"~ drugs or quack doctors.
Call or send 2c in stamps
'"^yir#v» for "Booklet No. 2." Ad-
'/\Y dress:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
TIME BOXING AT
THE MERCHANTS'
ATHLETIC CLUB
Burley and Breslin
Box Four Rounds.
REFEREE FLYNN STOPS A FAKE
DECXABED BETS OFF IN THE
DOYLE-McDONALD BOUT.
Kid O'Brien Was Very Fat and Was
Knocked Down in the Fifth
Bound by Henry Lewis
Who Could Have Won.
The Merchants' Club grave a boxing en
tertainment last evening which was poor
ly attended. Nick Burley and Tom Bres
lin boxed four tame rounds.
In the next bout Referee "Doc" Flynn
wa= informed that the contestants. Jack
McDotiald and "Kid" Doyle had nad an
understanding a? to how the fight was to
terminate and he declared all twta off.
much to the disgust of Doyle, who re
fused to "dance" when he t*aw no coin
in .-izht.
The sport of the evening concluded with
an eight-round contest between "Kid"
O'Brien and Henry Lewis. In the fifth
round I,*-wis knocked O'Brien, who was
as fat as a hog. down and he took ei<?ht
seconds on the floor. He managed, how
ever, to get on his "pins" again and
I^ewis. seeing that another hard punch
in the stomach might possibly end
"fßrlens" fighting days, took thlngr. easy,
and at the end of the eighth round the
refeiet- declared the fight a draw.
UNION COURSING PARK.
Sport Will Begin at 11 O'Clock on
Saturday.
Owing to the unusually larpe number
of entries in the all-ape stake. th» cours
ing will commence at 11 o'clock Saturday
morning at I'nion Park. At that hour
the Sapling stake will be run flown
twice. T'pon the arrival of the coursing
special two hours later, the dogs in the
all-age stake will chase the rabbit. The
total amount offered in prizes is $I<3.">. of
which $95 is given to the Sapling stake.
It is proposed to have a great day's
sport. Following is a list of entries:
I Sapling stake, sixteen entries— G. W . H-^ntz'a
H"t.' hase vs. R. E. de P. Lopez's Mlnne
wawa; Watson & Baum's Belmont Girl vs. G.
W. Hentzs High I>ice; R E. de B. Lopez's
Whltehead vs. J. Ferris' Cleopatra; R. E. de
B Lopez's Wlnda vs. E. W. Farmer's Moon
stone; I>. Winter's Village R"lle vs. R. Prln
dles Honor Bright; J. C^Dowd'a Cinderella vs.
R E. de M Lopez's Wonder; Soda Hay Ken
nels' Delta M VS. E. M. Kelloggr's lowa Maid:
A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs. Our.tls & Sons
Cash.
All-age stake, nlnpty-six entries— Pasha Ken
nels' Roiicklng Airs vs. P. J. Relly nom
inates Nonpariel; .J"hn Egan's Mayflower vs.
Curtis <<• Son's Commodore; J. Mahar nom
inates Soubrette vs.. William Krampr's Jesse
Moor": Hurley & Relly' 8 Expense (formerly
Speculation) vs. C. X Clifford's White Rocket:
.] McCormack'a Woodbine vs fosemtte Ken
nels I^ampliEhter : E BnumeUter's O'Grady
vs. J. McCormack'a White Lily O. J. Olsen's
Sunburst vs. George Shartnan's Wait a Little;
Handy A Smith'? .Te:inie Wilson vs. Pasha
i Kennels' Sylvia: Curt!* <v Son's Luxor vs Cur
: tis A- Sons Maun P: I. F Haitnn's Tic Tac vs.
II Lynch" s Lottie M; Mllo Kennels' Rock Isl
and King vs. A Massey's Light foot; II Wen
bor'f Montana vs. E. Gearv nominates Rocket;
Yosemlte Kenn = !s" Wild Iyflssie vs. A. John
son'p Tod Sloan: F. Morans Golden Rusaett
vs. Russ«l & Wilson's Lady Emma; H SJe-
Nells Sportsman vs. E. Genry nominates
Mirn Monte; H. Lynch's Liberty vs Handy it
Smith's Ida: Kilo Kennels' Miss Richmond vs.
Handy <ft Smith's Victor; M. Ixindon's Phar
■ key vs A Masse y*B Hadiwist: F Price nor
n mates Madge Wildfire vs. Larkey & Hock's
' Minerva; M. London's Magneto vs. Rincon
Kennels' Swedish; T. R GafTney's Sir John
Arnott vs. R Strehl's Skyiark: Aeneld Ken
nels' Maid o' Erin vs. J. O'Dowd's Scout: J.
I Connell'a T.og Roy vs. James O'Brien's States
man; liaily & Seihine's Shylock Boy vs. Mllo
1 Kennels' Irma: J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory
i vs. Lowe A Thompson's Lowlander: Larkey &
! Rook's Myrtle vs Mllo Kennels' Victor King;
P Hooper's Koolawn n. Pasha Kennels' Mil
■ ler's Robbie: Handy & Smith's Victor Queen
■ vs. Handy &• Smith's Petronius; Kay & Trant's
j Prosspatch vs. .1. Keenan's Royal Buck: J.
i r>ean s Gladiator vs. E M. Kellog'a Hummer;
F Moran's False Flatterer vs. George Ber
fe'ln's Royal Prize: G and H. Kennels' Demp
sey I.a?s VS. Aeneld Kennels' Van Knapp; J.
Shaftei's Pastime vs. Milo Kennels' Miss Rab
bit; Aeneld Kennels' Pretender vs. J. Seg-
KPr! ;nn's Gold Hill: Dennis A Portor's Octo
' her Woodcock vs. Hurley & Relly' « Richmond
Oueen: E. and R. Scott's Lord Byron vs. F.
! Mornn's Snapshot; Hurley * Reily's Mast-r
Mat vs. E M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy; Joseph
' Perrj-'s Commodore Nash vs. R. E. de B. Lo
i pez's Minneapolis: Ilennis A- Portor's Interest
i ing vs. J. Dlxon's Black Bess; J. O'PoTvd nor
n; lnates rilfton Lass vs. P.elmont Kennels' B»l
--i mont Boy: J. OT>onneH's Las Palmas vs.
George Whitney's Thpron; J. Keenan's Fear
Not vs. George Pharmnn nominates Miss Sky
rocket William Kramer's Jersey Lily vs. J.
H. Smith's Merced; Hurley & Reily's Star of
Cuba vs. S. McCollough nominates Flash
light: I'urtls * Son's Vanity Fair vs. F. A Mc
-1 Tomb's Royal Flush: Hurley & Relly's O. K.
Capitol vs. E. Gearv nominates Lawrence: Ed
• Wilson nominates Magnet vs. J. Seggerson's
White Chief: F Mornn's Bit o" Fashion vs.
W. F. Hobbc' Mercy May
ROUNDS ACQUITTED.
He Altered Government Notes, but
He Could Not Be Convicted.
W. S. Rounds, alias Charles Sanford. i
Is a lucky confidence man. He was ar- !
rested about two weeks ago by the police
for worklnp the "lock game" upon a jay j
from the country who thought that he j
could beat a gambler at his own trade.
On the person of the prisoner was found
a roll of genuine dollar bills which had
been raised by pasting over the dollar the j
figures "50" and "100," cut out of an in- j
ternal revenue cigar stamp,
Rounds was turned over to the Federal '•
authorities" and he was Indicted by the
Federal Grand Jury for having in his
possession altered Government notes with
intent to defraud.
The case came up for trial yesterday in
the United States District Court, and the I
defendant's attorney interposed the plea
that the Government had failed to show
that Rounds had the notes in hie posses- ;
sion with the intention of defrauding. !
Judge de Haven decided that the point |
was well taken and the jury acquitted the i
defendant without leaving their seats.
Immediately after Rounds left the i
building he was rearrested by Detective
Egan on a charge of vagrancy. Rounds
uses the mutilated notes to "flash" in the .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
face of his bucolic victims to give them
the impression that he has plenty or
money. If he had attempted to pass tho
notes he would have laid himself liable to
conviction, but there was no evidence that
he had made such an attempt.
Petition in Insolvency.
Sheridan Harding at Marysville filed a
petition In Insolvency in the United States
District Court yesterday. His liabilities
0405 and he has no assets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f^Xft^ "On instantly
T*>*(|T when disease
L Ml shoots the first
| arrow the truly
*■ ■ -/W wise man will
>^ \Jn come instantly
q on guard. Ke
f^CJ I/* will not wait for
>V? i. j^ \-\ le attack. He
/* \ % .^^vj will not hesitate
<^w a. until the full
\ force of disease
■^ and misery and
death comes crashing about him.
When a man begins to feel "out of
sorts," when his appetite is failing and his
energy is not up to the mark, when he has
bilious attacks and a feeling of lassitude
and incapacity, if he is wise, he will take
Dr. Pierce 's Golden Medical Discovery
right away. It will bring his appetite back
again, and what is more it will bring back
his digestive powers. It will give all the
assimilative functions the edge and power
to extract abundant nourishment from the
food he eats. It will make good, pure,
healthy blood and send it coursing rapidly
through his veins and arteries into every
organ and tissue of the body. It will put
flesh on his bones and force in his muscles;
it will give him strength and courage and
cheerfulness, in a word it will give him
complete health.
It excretes from the system every par-
ticle of dead, useless, flabby tissue. It
even reduces the weight of the corpulent
man at the same time that it builds up his
strength and working power. The weight
it adds to people who need it is the kind
that comes of pure blood and every organ
doing its work properly and thoroughly
what pugilists call v fighting weight."
AN HONEST
MALT TONIC
■ that is decidedly picas- •
||jt ant to take, and may be
|" -4* depended upon to build
if i 111 up a depleted system,
ij^'-Trt producing flesh, blood,
llP]]! strength and sou id
JjaffiiSft. nerves. Should you
j^fgjiggqgP^ wish such a tonic be
F^^^^^^ particular to state clear-
iy to our druggist that
*^lsSfi2B|gaM you want
TnvKvH^ (anon-intoxicant).
Awarded Diploma and Gold Medal
at Trans- Mississippi and Inter-
national Exposition, Omaha.
Preparrd by
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.
MILWACKPE I'. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
416 to 418 Sacramento Street.
Health is Wealth.
____ — — w— .— «— sjs^ "^ '^ m
' DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND ; BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL, ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Is sold under positi7a Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizziness, Wakefulnees, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
ness, Nicht Losses, Evil Dreams. Lack of Confi-
dence, Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive Use of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
box: six for $5; with written euarantee'to
core or refund mosey. Sample pack-
age. containing five days 7 treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. One sample only sold to
each person. At store or by mail. _j^s^^>
§s^-Red Label SpeciaL£S|&|
Extra Strength. flfvCJ:
For Impotency, Loss of«y* 1
Power, Lost Manhood, \i^J9i&<
Sterility or Barrenness.^. jPl^**/
$1 a box; six for $5, with»^^jp^
written cuaranteeSr*^SV.
„_ to euro in 30 days. AtstoreW«J3^^
BiJF-OREov h- AFTER
GEORGE DAHLBENDEB & CO.. Sole Acts..
tit Kearny St.. San Francisco. ■__
q visit OR, JORDAN'S ««»t
$SL Museum of Anatomy
|P|fl|\ KsIiIASSST ST. tot. 6th * 7th, S.F.CU.
A\ 8 » ■ The Largest of kind in the World. '.
1 Jg||\ DR. JORDAN— Private Disease*.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
la a powerful ap^i MilsUM -and epeclQa lonlo
(or the cexual and urinary organ of botk
■exes, and a great remedy for diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
InvlKorator and Nervine. Sells on . Its owm
Merits; no ',cnK-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNB. Agents.
tXS Market street. 8. 7.— (Send (or Circular.*
DR.MGNULTY.
H^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i Special ist<ri/rcs Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o< Men only. Book on l'rivate Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rs* experience.
Patients cured Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3daii.v:6.3otoB::» ev'jjs. Humlavs. K>t»lZ Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call. or address
P. K»S(OK JlrXll.TY, M. I>.
•iti 2 Itearn y St., Man Francisco. Cal.
THE WEEKLY CALL;
$1 per Year*
56
THURSDAY .-. .MARCH 23, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copied 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage: •
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year *<>• 9?
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL {Including Sunday Call), 3 months 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Slngrle Month *»*>«
BUXDAY CALL One Year , *•»"
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1 -°°
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 |
o'clock- 615 Larßln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1841 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh j
ttreet, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock. j
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Rob Roy."
Grand Opera House— "Romeo and Juliet."
Tivoli— "The Mikado."
Alcazar — "Nerves."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. ,
Alhambra— "La Belle Marie."
Chutes. Zoo and Frea Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Th>; Steeplechase.
AUCTION SALES.
By Yon Rhein & Co.— This day at 12 m.. Real Estate at
Sl3 California st i
By F. W. Butterfleld— This day at 11 o'clock, at 623 York
street. Furniture and Carpets.
By G. H. Urabsen & Co.— Monday. March 27. at 12 o'clock
m., at 14 Montgomery street. Real Estate.
By Eaaton, EHrtdg-e & Co. -Tuesday, March, 23. at 12 m.,
at 638 Market street. Real Estate.
VERY BAD POLITICS.
THE demoralization produced among the em- j
ployes of the Harbor Commission by the at- j
tempt made in the "late Legislature to reorgan
ize the board is not likely to abate for some time. No
sooner had the bill legislating the commissioners out
of office been rejected by the Senate than Governor [
Gage appointed F. S. Chadbourne to take the posi- j
tion of Mr. Herold, whose term has not expired, but
whe is alleged to have failed to qualify. This appoint
ment, if valid, with that of Mr. Kilburn, who has al
ready taken the place of President Colnon, would
give the politicians struggling to get possession of the
water-front patronage control of the commission.
What was thus attempted by act of the Legislature
lias been consummated by the appointment of a Har
bor Commissioner who can get his place only after
a lawsuit
At this time it is difficult to predict exactly what
programme will be adopted in seating Chadbourne by
the Governor and those who are urging him to thus
demoralize an important branch of the public ser
vice. It Kilburn and Chadbourne set up a commission ;
in opposition to Harney and Herold there will of ;
course be two Harbor Commissions, with two sets of i
rs, two corps of employes and a cloud of injunc- j
tions, writs of quo warranto, restraining orders and j
probably prohibitions. In short, work upon the
water front will be permanently suspended.
During the late session of the Legislature the em- j
ployes of the Harbor Commission spent the greater ;
portion of their time at Sacramento. The attempt to j
dispossess them of their places not only induced them j
to contribute heavily to an expense fund, but to tern- !
porarily abandon their duties for the less important j
work of legislation. Of course the impending im- I
broglio will not cause a repetition of this contest, but j
it will quite as thoroughly demoralize the employes
and put an effectual stop to the business of the board.
Exactly where Governor Gage is going to find
profit in thus upsetting an important arm of the gov
ernmental machine would be hard to determine. If
he has any political ambition it certainly cannot be j
promoted by such a usurpation. If he has no poli- :
tical ambition, but has been elected merely to secure '
berths for Republican "workers," he cannot expect :
to earn the gratitude of even that class, for, win' or
lose, they are bound to reproach him. Intelligent :
men who do not consider public office a private snap
but a trust which the office-holder is bound to dis- i
charge with a conscientious regard for the verdict of
history, if not the opinion of his contemporaries, will
geritrally disapprove of the Governor's action in this
matter.
WONDERS OF fIRKANSfIS.
' I "HE story from Arkansas of the discovery of the
ruins of a city which must once have contained
* 11,000,000 of people has the merit of largeness
and novelty. Anybody can go to the back counties of !
any State and discover mere villages, but to find a
city of these proportions is out of the ordinary.
Eleven million people are a good many. They are !
all dead now, and no wonder. They had no system of |
drainage, had not learned the beauty of filtered water, I
knew nothing of antiseptics, nor had learned how to |
operate for appendicitis. If 11.000,000 people were to
be in one city to-day they would pay attention to the
laws of sanitation or they would die, too.
The yarn from Arkansas possesses many points of
interest. If it is true, probably a search among the j
ancient structures will reveal much concerning a race j
which is hardly more than tradition, and if it is base- |
less, Arkansas can at least claim one of the finest liars \
extant.
The Russian official who is charged with having
committed the crimes for which Dreyfus is suffering i
denies his guilt. The world would pay respectful at
tention to any corroborative evidence he may have at
command.
A large element among the Spanish are glad that
the Philippines have been lost. And a large element
among the Americans are sorry they were ever
found.
The fact that the pool-sellers do not like Captain
Lees is one of the greatest hits the Chief of the Po
lice Department has had an opportunity to make.
Unfortunately there is no way in which the prize
contests of the evening newspapers can be declared
public nuisances.
Havana seems to accept the American situation
with about the difficulty that an English funny paper
jokes.
THE BLfqCKSTOCK RESOLUTION.
BY the adoption of the Blackstock resolution the
Railroad Commission has put itself in a situa
tion from which it can emerge only by one
path. There is but one official act it can perform now
without violating the logic of the position — only one
step that it can take consistently with the record.
That one path open, that one act to be performed,
that one step to be taken, is to resign.
The Blackstock resolution was adopted avowedly
in the interest of economy. The report upon which
the resolution was based declares expressly that an
effort to enforce freight rate regulations is too costly
to be expedient. Referring to the suit involving that
question, which is now before the courts and has
been prosecuted for about three years, the report
says:
"I am further advised, as appears by the records
and by the report of the Attorney General to the As
sembly, that up to the present time there has been
paid and incurred in counsel fees and expenses in this
case more than $43,000, the counsel fees alone
amounting to more than $33,000, and it further ap
pears from like sources that the future costs and ex
penses of this litigation will be at least $67,000, $30,000
of which will be required as fees for experts and $30,
--000 as fees for special counsel."
So for the sake of saving that amount of money
the commission abandons the cause of the people,
stultifies itself, surrenders to the railroad, throws to
; the winds all the money and work expended in the
I past in making the fight, and then seeks to conceal
i from the public the true nature of this betrayal of
i trust by giving it the popular name of economy.
Bad as the thing looks, the people will accept it
with a fair degree of favor if the commissioners will
carry their doctrine to a useful conclusion and take
the only logical step left them. There is another
: economy to be carried out — the commissioners should
resign and save the taxpayers the expense of their
salaries.
It will cost the taxpayers of California $48,000 for
salaries, besides incidental expenses, to maintain this
Blackstock commission, and since it has now de
clared itself impotent and useless so far as -the regu
[ lation of railways is concerned, there is no service it
can render the people which will be worth forty-eight
cents. If the commissioners have any regard for
economy they will resign and turn their unearned
salaries back to the State treasury. If they do not
resign they will give the lie to their own words and
show themselves in sad need of whitewashing.
The taxpayers of California have paid out much
money for the Railroad Commission and have de
rived no benefit from it. Some former commissions
have tried, or at least made a pretense of doing so,
to render service to the people. The present commis
sion, however, does not even make a pretense, for
the rider to the Blackstock resolution, providing that
the board shall meet in April to fix and promulgate
a schedule of grain rates, doesn't amount to a pre
tense. In fact, the impotence, the worthlessness, the
nothingness of the commission, has been reduced to
its final element by the recent act, and the only way
for the Blackstock gang to save the situation is to re
sign and get out of it.
THE LATEST KANSAN CRISIS.
OWING to the skirmishing in the Philippines
and the Senatorial battles in various State
capitals the country has to some extent over
looked the legislative grand opera season in Kansas
this winter, and has thereby missed some very novel
performances. The Kansan troupe seems, in fact, to
have been as brilliant as ever, and was deserving of
considerable attention.
We pointed out some time ago that an effort had
been made by a wise member of that body to put an
end to personal pride or antagonism in legislation
by requiring that all bills be submitted in a strictly
anonymous way. The proposed reform was defeated,
but a new crisis has arisen in which the desirability
of eliminating personalities is so apparent that every
man involved in it is in favor of having it treated
anonymously. In fact, the press itself seems to have
taken the same view, and we have not been able to
learn the names of the men who have been most con
spicuous in its complications.
It appears that for a long time it has been found
necessary at each reassembling of the Legislature to
completely refurnish and equip the legislative halls.
Xo matter how large the supply of law books, sta
tionery, chairs, inkstands, etc.. furnished by the State
at any one session, it has always been necessary to
purchase a new supply when the time came for the
next session.
It has been a perplexing subject to the Kansans to
know what becomes of all these supplies. A blizzard
has never been known to clean out the legislative
halls, and yet the equipments vanish each year as
completely as -if forty blizzards had swept them.
To solve the problem the Executive Council of the
State took the precaution this year of placing a de
tective at every exit from the Capitol, with instruc
tions to see that no public property. was taken away,
and now the mystery is cleared up.
From this proceeding has followed the latest crisis
in Kansas and the general desire on the part of the
legislators that the discussion of its incidents shall
be strictly anonymous. It appears the detectives
found much to do. Anonymous gentlemen were de
tected going home not only with clear consciences,
but with typewriters, law books, inkstands, boxes of
envelopes and reams of paper; some even had chairs,
and one man had a desk.
Most of the depredators are reported to have been
legislative employes, who when halted declared they
regarded their spoils as a part of their perquisites. It
is stated, however, that almost every member had
something in the way of a souvenir, and one or two
quite prominent men were among the heaviest of the
raiders.
This sort of a crisis is so much an outcome of
strictly Kansan conditions that it could not possibly
occur in California, and yet it is so intense in all of
its incidents that to a good many people it will ap
pear like something that might possibly have hap
pened at Sacramento if there had been any detectives
there.
The Salvation Army a-nd its offshoot, the Volun
teers, have been making worldly faces at each other
in the East. Of course this is their own affair, but
people who make faces can hardly be in a mood to
snatch brands from the burning.
It is cheerful to observe United States vessels sa
luting the Spanish flag. Only a short time ago the
sight of that emblem would have caused them to have
turned loose a broadside.
So Teller is certain that Bryan will be nominated
again. This is good news. Doubtless it will cheer
Bryan as well as every Republican who happens to
notice it.
The introduction of a professional hangman into a
murder trial may have had an effect, but it certainly
was not that of cheering the prisoner
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 3IABCH 23, 1899.
"T^HE disposition of Mr. Bryan to examine the
mouth of a gift horse, in the shape of an invi
tation to a banquet in honor of Thomas Jeffer
son, has again thrown all the Democratic fat in the
fire. • '
The man from the Platte has caused it to be under
stood that he is nasty nice about the platter he feeds
from, and the company that gathers around the same.
The Democratic Club of New York, consisting of
three thousand members, none of them any special
kind of Democrats, but all just plain Democrats, de
siring to assure the shade of Jefferson that he is not
forgotten, engaged a caterer and a banquet board for
that purpose. The table, however, is designed to be
something more than a temporary resting-place for
solid food and liquids to wash, it down. It is to re
semble a battleship, in that it is a platform from which
to fire guns. These are not to be used with smokeless
powder, though one of the ingredients thereof, to wit,
alcohol, will be in them. They are to be the great
guns of oratory, and they are to roar in behalf of the
campaign of 1900. As Mr. Bryan is a rifle of that
kind he was invited to be present and get his tompion
out and limber up and crack away at any craft in
sight.
But he took the precaution to request of Mr. Bel
mont a working plan and specifications of the kind
or kinds of Democracy to be present, and also to in
quire if Mr. Belmont himself had experienced any
change of heart or head since he goldbugged in 1896.
To this Mr. Belmont replied, in effect, in the lan
guage of the Kentuckian, that when one gentleman
invited another gentleman to partake of spirits with
him the purpose was sociability and not catechism.
So the banquet will be plus the spirit of Jefferson
and minus the flesh of Bryan-. The incident would
seem trivial except for its bearing on future politics.
Mr. Bryan is of the opinion that he is the finest
piece of Presidential timber in the forest preserves of
the Chicago platform Democracy, and does not pro
pose to permit any comparison with the taller timber
which grows by itself on the gold-Democratic reser
vation. The well-intended overture of Mr. Belmont,
intended to get the former members of the party to
gether and fill the split between them with victuals
and drink, has been rejected with a scorn and con
tempt which will rankle for many a day.
Mr. Bryan is on his bright, shining way, holding
in the ranks such doubtful Democratic States as Ala
bama, Mississippi, Georgia and Tennessee, and feels
no need of feeding and drinking to unite the small
goldbug faction with the heavy Democratic majorities
in Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, New York and
Connecticut.
As for campaign funds for 1900, the goldbugs are
not wanted on the list. In the last conference at Chi
cago, attended by Bryan, Coin Harvey, Altgeld,
Towne, Dubois and Teller, it was settled that Coin
Harvey should go on collecting a dime a day, and
that the sum thus accumulated shall be reinforced by
the sale of the "Thomas Jefferson segar," to be manu
factured in Chicago and handled by a dealer who di
vides the profits with Mr. Bryan's committee. These
scgars will not be smoked at Mr. Belmont's banquet,
but no 16 to 1 Democrat will suck any other. The
profits are expected to be enormous, for all other
brands are to be boycotted.
It is with diffidence that we suggest an enlargement
of this fine idea. Where is the Jefferson brand of
whisky and beer? Let it be brought out at once
and let the clay of the new Democracy be moistened
with no other.
More terrible than an army with banners will be the
Bryan hosts of 1900. Filled with Jeffersonian spirits
and puffing the only JcfTersonian segar, they will
move like a pillar of cloud by day and a pillar of fire
by night, and when their march is ended the gold
bug will be as lifeless as his congener and ancestor,
the bronze scarabeus, .wrapped up in coal tar with the
mummies.
THE LfIDY AND THE SIDE DOOR.
LOS ANGELES has a Police Commission ap
parently marked by austerity and a sense of
right which admits of no compromise. The
body is also •otherwise. peculiar.
Mayor Eaton is a power in the commission, and
he has views. Among these is one to the effect that
the side entrance to saloons is an instrumentality of
evil, because it lures the feminine rounder to quench
her thirst in an atmosphere not conducive to the pro
motion of modesty or morals. So far as this posi
tion is concerned the Mayor will find a ready support.
However, there are reformers who will stand aghast
at Mr. Eaton's declaration that a woman has as much
right to go into a saloon as a man has, but that she
should go in the front door, line up against the bar,
name her favorite tipple and toss it down as a man
would.
It does not seem that the Mayor would compel a
thirsty lady to go dry, but he would deny to her the
luxury of secrecy. Probably his idea is that rather
than cross the threshold to a saloon with the glare of
the public eye upon her the woman would appease
with a glass of innocuous sodawater her yearning for
refreshments.
There are saloons in this city where the plan is in
practical operation. Most of them are on Barbary
Coast, and the female patrons walk right in the main
entrance, nor seem embarrassed if observed. They
mingle with the men on terms of perfect equality
until such time as opportunity arises to administer
knockout drops to the male. Then he knows no
more. Later he awakens to find that his money has
vanished. It is hardly possible the Mayor of Los
Angeles would advocate this style of saloon. It
really is not a benefit to the community.
The time for some of the men and women who
neglect their children, leaving the little ones to
chance and charity, to be punished for the crime
seems to be due, or possibly overdue. Such cases are
frequently discovered, but discovery is too apt to be
the end of the matter.
Bryan is about to open a new campaign. He is
going to unnecessary trouble. He has already been
the hero of the only campaign in which he can cut a
considerable figure, and he did not get much out of
that.
Even their anxiety to publish news ahead of the
morning papers was no justification for the evening
sheets in announcing the death of John Sherman.
Creelman will have to get out of the Philippines
before anybody will believe the story from there that
the natives want to burn prisoners at the stake.
Probably Aguinaldo could not better please Otis
than by attacking Manila. There is an anxiety to get
the man within rifle-shot.
Havana is getting accustomed to the sway of the
police. The lesson is a hard one, and is keeping the
morgue busy.
Announcement 13 made that two fighters about to
meet are "lit as fiddles." But all fiddles are not fit.
BELMONT OND BRYAN.
SMALL COMFORT FOR COSPER
3 SACRAMENTO, March 18, 1899.— Editors Register— Dear Sirs and O
& Friends: For the best of reasons, too long to explain here, and to «
8 break the deadlock, I voted for Colonel Burns to-day. . • **
£: Kindly withhold any adverse criticism, no matter what the city «
& papers may say, until I see you, which will be soon. You will agree 0
8 with me that I did the right thing at the right time. Very truly S
« yours, . E. T. COSPER. »'
8 It is not the policy of the Register to condemn without a hear- 0
0 ing and yet we will not disguise the fact that Mr. Cosper's voting »
0 for a man for United States Senator who stands in the public mind «
0 as the embodiment of all that is most objectionable in American 3
0 politics is at this time perhaps universally regarded by Republicans Q.
0 of Tulare as a distinct betrayal of trust and certainly is proving a O
0 profound humiliation to his party friends who supported him and &
0 maintained until the last his entire trustworthiness in the face of all 0
0 criticism. Although The expressions of opinion so far heard are that 0
0 no explanation from Mr. Cosper is desired or will be listened to, we O
0 shall, without making comment at this time, place at his disposal a O
0 reasonable space in the columns of the Register for a reasonable time 0
0 a.nd ask on his behalf that considerate hearing which the law and an O.
0 American sense of fairness accords to all men accused of treason 0
0 against the best interests of the State. Let him have his day at the 0
0 court of public — Tulare Register. . 0
« :■ »
0000000000000000 0 000000 0 000£$$3O00
CARE OF ASPHALT STREETS IN GERMANY.
The treatment of asphalt streets here in Breslau is entirely different from
methods employed in the United States.
For instance: One man has charge of four squares in front of the con
sulate. His tools for keeping the streets clean are as follows: An iron hop
per wheelbarrow, a shovel, a broom and a rubber scraper about three and
a half feet long. The rubber is fastened in a vise-like wooden clamp and is
about four inches wide, a quarter of an inch thick and very stiff. This man
during the day is continually going over his four squares, taking up the lit
ter and keeping the streets thoroughly clean. Early in the morning, after
having cleaned the street, he takes his wheelbarrow, loaded with very fine,
sharp sand, and scatters the same with his hands or a small shovel lightly
over the streets to prevent slipping.
Should it be a rainy day he repeats this process several times during the
day. Once a week two sprinkling cars are sent out alongside of each other,
so that they cover the whole street at one time with water, washing the
same thoroughly. Immediately folio-wing the sprinkling cars come four one
horse roller brush sweepers, about two feet in diameter, sweeping the water,
slime, etc., into the gutter, when the same is piled up and carted away. Then
the man who has charge of those streets comes along with his wheelbarrow
and sprinkles sand all over the street. In spring or autumn, when the
streets are often sloppy or wet, the washing is done several times during the
week.
I am informed the washing is done for the purpose of removing the
slime, which the asphalt seems to leave, and to keep the street from being
slippery; also for the preservation and hardening of the asphalt.
The man who has charge of the asphalt streets is paid 22 pfennings (5
cents) per hour. Ordinary street hands are also paid per hour and receive
18 pfennings (4 cents).
All streets are kept in excellent condition, the shopkeepers or tenants not
being permitted to put sweepings on the pavement or street. These must
be taken up and put in a box kept for that purpose.
The city has wire baskets fastened on lampposts, against houses, fences
or trees, in which the public may throw waste paper while walking along.
It is very rare to see any waste paper on the streets, as. the citizens in gen
eral take pride in keeping the streets clean. The householders have to
sweep the streets to- the center of the street regularly every morning before
6 o'clock. The litter is piled up and carted away by the city teams.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. R. Spaulding, a Truckee lumberman,
is at the Lick.
J. F. Condon, a Nevada City mining
man, is at the Grand.
E. Remmelmeyer, a Spokane mining
man, is staying at the Palace.
Alfred S. Miller, a capitalist of Phila
delphia, is a guest at the California,
J. Henry Bratten. a Philadelphia mer
chant, is a late arrival at the Palace.
Charles K. Aull. an iron manufacturer
of Pittsburg, is registered at the Occiden
tal.
Governor Gage came down from Sacra
mento yesterday and registered at the
Palace.
Rev. L,. J. Garver of Butte and A. TV.
Simpson, a Stockton lumber dealer, are at
the Occidental.
Edgar T. Wallace, a Eureka mining
man, and R. E. Hyde, a Visalia banker,
are registered at the Palace.
J. C. Turner and John McKea. lumber
dealers, respectively of Red Bluff and
Sissons, are located at the Russ.
John Raggio, who operates stage lines
in San Andreas, and A. C. Eisen, a vine
yardist of Fresno, are at the Grand.
Dr. M. Hutchinson and son of Los An
geles and B. F. Porter, a cattleman of
Porterville, are among the arrivals at the
Russ.
,T. G. Projt. owner of the Lick Paper
Mills at San Jose, and R. G. Barton, pro
prietor of the Fresno Opera House, are at
the California.
Lieutenant F. H. Schoeffel, I". S. A.,
Ninth Infantry. Is registered at the Oc
cidental with his wife from Madison Bar
racks, Sacketts Harbor. New York.
Judge George A. Nourse of Fresno. Wil
liam Squires of Calistoga, owner of stage
lines in that locality, and J. C. Sims, a
prominent citizen of Santa Rosa, are at
the Lick.
Commander George C. Reiter, I T . S. X.,
Lighthouse Inspector of the Thirteenth
District, with headquarters at Portland,
Or., is registered at the Occidental. His
district embraces Oregon. Washington
and Alaska. He will take an examina
tion at Mare Island to-day for promotion
to the grade of captain in the lighthouse
service, and will return to Portland to
morrow.
Otto E. Never, proprietor of the Paso
Robles Hotel, is here for a short stay
and is registered at the Palace. Mr.
Never says: "The late rains and the re
sumption'of business by two of the banks
that closed their doors recently have re
stored the confidence of the people in and
around Paso Robles. which bespeaks an
era of prosperity for that section."
The Russ House was the scene of a
wedding yesterday afternoon, when two
of the guests, Charles C- Ralph and Min
nie C. Richter, were married by Rev.
Frank S. Ford of the First Christian
Church. The contracting parties are both
residents of Sacramento, Mr. Ralph being
a well-known and capable pilot on the
river boats. After several days 1 honey
noon in this city the couple will depart
for their home, where the groom has
provided a handsome home for his bride.
cALiro-rr^r: in new york. j
NEW YORK, March 22.— Felix Brun
schwig and wife of San Francisco are at |
tho Martin.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE BERKELEY, Subscriber, City.
The upper works of the Berkeley were
placed on her at the Union Iron Works.
FROM SATHER STATION-P. R. 8.,
City. The distance on the electric line
between Sather station, Alameda. and
Leona Heights is four and a half miles.
JEWS IN FRANCE— H. R.. Cfty. What
the Jewish population is in France at this
time and what it Is In Paris cannot be
given for the reason that there has not
been a religious census since 1872.
VISITTNG AT SAN QUENTIN— O. L.,
City. Visitors are admitted to see the
prison at San Quentin any day in the
week, but to see any particular prisoner
the party so desiring- must write to the
Warden, who will fix a day.
ARMY WORK— A. S.. City. A woman
who desires work on army contracts on
blouses and pantaloons must make appli
cation to the contractors. The names of
these can be obtained at tho supply de
partment on New Montgomery street
DAY'S LENGTH— G. A. L., San Rafael,
Cal. The question in relation as to why.
after the 21st of December, when the days
grow In length, the sun for a certain
number of days rises later than on the
21st, would require a long technical an
swer, which would occupy more space
than can be devoted in fnis department
to one question, but it can be briefly
stated that the days are longer by reason
of the fact that during that period the
sun sets later than it did on the 21st.
MATES AND MASTERS— T.. City. The
United States law passed January 4, 1899,
and which goes into effect July 1 follow
ing, prescribes that all masters and mates
of sailing vessels over 700 tons must be
licensed.
SCHOLARSHIPS— Anxious Mother, of
Menlo Park, CaL As to scholarships frr
young girls, there are those offered by
Mrs. Phebe Hearst at the University of
California. For information about these
write to the recorder at the university,
Berkeley, for a circular of information.
SELLING MEDICINE— A. S.. City. A
person who desires to sell medicine can
offer it under any name that he desires,
providing the particular name has not
already been chosen and registered as a
trademark by some one else. To seU medi
cine the seller must take out a license.
SHARKEY-JEFFRIES FIGHT— A. P.
P.. Huron, S. D. Tom Sharkey aid Jim
Jeffries fought twenty rounds in the Me
chanics' Pavilion in San Francisco. May
6, 1898. Alexander Greggains was the ref
eree and he gave a decision at the end of
the twentieth round in favor of Jeffries.
SANTA ROSA TREASURY CASE— A.
O. S.. City. In the matter of the bonds
men of the Santa Rosa County Treasurer
who was robbed there has been an argu
ment in relation to the responsibility of
thn?e bondsmen, and It has been sub
mitted in the Supreme Court. A decision
may be given any day.
AX OLD BILL— P. X., Oakland, Cal. A
bill having a face value of 4 shillings and
6 pence issued by the Provisional conven
tion of Maryland, held at Annapolis, De
cember 7. 1775, is worth just what an indi
vidual would be willing to pay for it as a
curiosity. There Is no fixed value for such
paper.
SUCCESSION IN CALIFORNIA— H.
X., Los Angeles, Cal. If a man dies In
California without having made a will,
if he was married, his property goes first
to widow and children; if there are
neither, it goes to father and mother, and
if there is neither father nor mother then
it goes to brothers and sisters.
THE BALDWIN THEATER— M. E. P., \
City. The prices at the Baldwin Theater ,
just before the fire were: Downstairs, ;
$150; three first rows of the balcony, $1;
rear seats in balcony, 75 cents; other
seats 35 cents and 25 cents. The prices of i
seats of the other theaters asked about
can be obtained by going to the box
office of each.
EAGLE CITY, G. S. C, Pacific Grove
Cal. Postal service in the Alaska district
is very irregular because of the condition
of roads. Mail from Eagle City may
reach San Francisco, while mail for Eagle '
City may be delayed for reasons that can
be explained only in each individual case I
If letters are registered tKey can gener
ally be traced. c *
MAIL, TO DAWSON— Subscriber, Eu
reka, Cal. Mail for Dawson City may be |
deposited in the postofflce at any time. It I
is forwarded north as soon as possible
after J tl! k so deposited and then trans
mitted to Dawson at the first opportunity
Owing to conditions, it is impossible to
state when uninterrupted communication
to that place can be established.
REVENUE STAMPS— E. F. V .City
The denominations of the documentary
Stamps under the war revenue are- Half
a cent one, two. three, four, five, ten
' twenty-five and fifty cents - » $3 $3 $10 ;
and $50. The proprietary stamps under
the same act are: One-eighth, one-quar
ter and three-eighths of a cent, one, one
a*nd flve^enfsV two ' two and a half ' four
THE POLYCLINIC-F. V.. City. The
Polycllnlc of which you nake inquiry is
established for the purpose of giving free
treatment to -the poor If an Individual
is earning just enough to pay living ex
penses he may be treated P there, but if '
he is earning sufficient to enable him to
E! V i? P*l yslclan he will not be treated The
patient has to pay 2 cents for each pre
scription. Make application at the office.
A VIOLIN-V. M - City. The only ad
vice that this department can give you
in regard to a violin that is in need of
™Pf'"'?f if !t is an Instrument of value,
to take it to a professional repairer if
you attempt to repair it yourself \vithont
any knowledge of how to do the work re
quired you are likely to ruin it Still
** , 1 , K str " men is your own and you are
with It whatever you wish
A CITIZEN ABROAD-Suhscriber City
A citizen of the United States in a for
eign port, whether native born or natur
alized if in need of protection can ob
tain the same from the United States
Minister or Consul at the place in which
he may be. upon the statement in your
etter of Inmilry. it is so indefinite that It
is impossible to determine whether the
Consul at the place named was justified
or not in refusing you the protection you
asked for.
POLICE PATROL— A Stranger. Cincin
nati Ohio. There is nothing in the laws
of the State of California or the ordi
nances of the city and county of San
Francisco to inhibit any one from engag
ine in the business of a private patrol
system for the protection of property. The
patrol system in San Francisco is not a
police patrol, but a private system of
watchmen, who look out for Ores and see
that burglaries are not committed in tne
district they cover. The business is a
legitimate one. __
A WOMAN'S RIGHTS— L. L. C. San
Lorenzo, Cal. What rights a. woman has
Jn the case where a man has acknowl
edged her as his wife and paid bills con
tracted by her is a matter that would
I have to be determined by a reputable at
! tornev upon presentation of all the facts.
This department does not give egal ad
vice. It will state what the law Is as laid
down in the books, but will not undertake
to tell people what they should do in cer
tain cases.
LICENSE— J. H., City. If an individ
ual should receive household articles
from the East that would retail for Jl
each and should offer to sell them in this
city he would have" to have a license, but
if "he received such articles and user.
| them to sell by sample for the Eastern
I firm he would not require a license If
i he sold the articles at a fixed location
he would have to pay a license of J2 per
quarter. Agents carrying a sample stocK
of the value of $100 would not have to pay
a license, but if they sold the stock they
would have to pay a license of JJ.
SHIPPING SAILORS— A. C. F., City.
This correspondent asks: "If a sailor
ships for a voyage can he leave the ship
at an intermediate port and demand pay
for his services? If a captain ships a
crew to take his vessel from one port to
another, can he stop short of the port of
destination and discharge the men
against their will?" The answer to each
of these questions is that it all depends
on the terms of the contract. Generally
if a sailor should ship, say for a round
voyage, he would not be entitled to any
compensation if he left the vessel at an
intermediate port; likewise, the captam
and the ship would be liable for a failure
to comply with the terms of the contract.
THE VOTE FOR GAGE— A. S., and C,
City. The following will show the official
vote for the following candidates for the
office of Governor at the election held, last
November in what is known as south cf
Tehachapi:
Hard- Ma- Mc-
Oounty— GaK-e. man. gulre. Comas
Los Angeles 14.888 497 12,052 1.13$
Orange 1.992 33 1.751 M_
Kiverside 2.11S 69 I.BIS H9
San Bernardino. 2.Wi 98 2,506
San Diego 3,f.06 203 3.259 U4
Santa Barbara. 2.072 95 1.736 95
Ventura 1.643 57 1.369 81
These figures give Gage a majority in
those seven counties of 4781. Kern Coun
ty, in which Tehachapi is located, gave
Maguire a majority of 163 over Gage.
INTERNAL REVENUE DISTRICTS—
T. N. H.. Pacheco, Cal. There are two
internal revenue districts in the State of
California— the First and the Fourth. The
salary of the Collector of the First, whose
office Is in San Francisco, is $4500 per
year, while that of the Collector of the
Fourth, whose office is at Sacramento, is
$3500. The term of office is four years, or
until the successor of each Collector is
appointed and qualifies. In the First Dis
trict are the counties of Alameda, Cala
veras, Contra Costa, Fresno, Inyo, Kern.
King. Los Angeles, Madera, Merced,
Mariposa, Mono, Monterey, Orange, Riv
erside, San Benito. San Bernardino, San
! Diego. San Francisco, San Joaquin. San
i Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara. Santa Clara.
i Santa Cruz, Stanislaus, Tulare, Tuolumne
and Ventura. All the other counties of
the State are in the Fourth District.
BICYCLE AND HORSE— A. M., City.
The following are the best bicycle and
horse records for one mile: Bicycle—Sin
gle safety, flying start, America, profes
-1 sional. 1:31 4-5. Major Taylor against time,
Philadelphia, November 6, IS9.V unpaced,
1:65 4-o. W. W. Hamilton against time,
Louisville. Ky.. November 4, 1^95: ama
; teur 1-42 2-5. H. G. Gardiner. Lou;
' Kv.,' November 4, 1595: England, pi
I sional.. 1:35, J. Plan Betts against time,
! London, May 9, 1S98; amateur. 1:39 2-5, C.
: <\ Chase, same place and date. Standing
i start, America, professional, 1:41 2-5. in
competition. Major Taylor, Manhattan
Beach. X. V., September 27, 1597; amateur,
1:50 2-5, against time. Otto Zefgrlrr. Exrots
| ville, Ky., November 6. 1895; England, pro
fessional, 1:44 against time, J. W. Stocks,
London, September 11, 1897; amateur,
1:54 1-.". A. Sj Ingram against time, Lon
! don, July 23, 1596.
The best records by horse— Running,
1:35 : 2. Salvator, 4 years. 110 pounds,
i straight track against time, Monmouth
Park, N. J., August 28. 1S90; trotting, sin
gle harness, 2:03-%. Alix against time, ac
companied by runner. Galesburg, 111.. Sep
tember 10. 1594; pacing. V.b&hi, Star Pointer,
against time, accompanied by runner,
; Read ville, Mass., August 28, 1597.
PLATINUM— E. G. S., Llvermore, Cal.
There are two methods of obtaining plati
num from the ore. One is known as the
Wollaston. The chief steps are as fol
lows:
j After removal of the metals associated with
! platinum ■by the successive action of nitrio
! and hydrochloric acids the platinum itself ia
i dissolved in aqua regia, frrgn which it ia pre
i cipitated by a solution of sal ammoniac in the
form of a sparingly soluble double salt, am
monium platinochloride. This salt is washed
1 and heated to rednesss, by which the chlorine
j and ammonia are expelled, leaving the metal
lin the form of a gray spongy soft mass,
! known to chemists aa spongy platinum. In this
I form platinum cannot be fused into a compact
' form by ordinary furnace heat, but, like iron,
j It can be welded at a high temperature. Ac
| cordingly it is made into a thin past* w!fh
water, then introduced into a brass mold and
subjected to graduated pressure, by which the
water is squeezed out and the mass rendered
' sufficiently firm to bear handling. It is th«»n
dried, very carefully heated to whiteness and
hammered or subjected to powerful pressure.
The Devllle-Debray method. — This is a very
j simple furnace. Two flat pieces of quicklim?
' are scooped out. representing two cupels, and
! form the bottom and the lid of the furnar*. Th«
; lower cure! b^F a notch cut in its side to
serve as an exit fofr the liquefied platinum. The
! upper one is rierced at its center with a
! slightly conical round hole, through which the
(platinum) nozzle of an oxyhydrogren blowpipe
enters, sn that the flame beats down en the
metal within.
Old Dutch. Flemish, gray, carbon. Eng
lish and natural oak moldings for picture
frames in new and odd shapes at Sanborn
& Vails. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Tb at Townsend's.*
, . ♦ ■
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
IN Kansas.
The "Wife — Oh. dear! I wish my hus
band would enter politics.
The Woman— What for?
The Wife — I wouldn't have any sockg
to mend then.
Angostura Bitters is indorsed by leading
physicians for purity and wholesomeness. Get
the genuine— Dr. Sieperfs.
POETICAL SUIT.
"Charlie's girl seems to be somewhat
kittenish."
""Well, you know he always was a
great fellow for courting the mews.'—
Puck.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum.
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
ROYAL BAKINO POwpER CO., NEW VOUK. __THE KLONDIKE
STILL BELONGS
TO CANADA
Russian Discoveries
Denounced.
GREAT BRITAIN FIRST OWNER
STORY CONCOCTED TO UNSETTLE
CONFIDENCE.
England's Title Is Old and Well Es
tablished and Was Acquired by
Discovery and Conquest
Many Years Ago.
Of all the silly and baseless stories ever
started about the Klondike the one lately
sent out from Dawson and published un
der sensational headlines to ih<
that the recent discovery by a party of
Russian Finns of an old boundary mon
ument stone 100 miles to the east of Daw
son Showed that the Klondike gold
belt formerly belonged to Russia, and
now, of course, to the United States in-
Etead of Canada, is by long odds the very
worst.
It is more than silly; it is almost crim
inally harmful, and must have been con
cocted and circulnted, nut in innorent ig
norance, but with the ulterior design of
misleading the public and unsettling con-
fidence in property values in that section-
According to the- story, the stone was
inscribed with half obliterated characters,
which the Finnish finders recognized as
Russian and succeeded in deciphering to
an extent that showed them that it was
•a monument set up by a party of Russian
and British surveyors as a boundary
mark, and that realizing the great im
portance of their discovery they hastened
to Dawson, where their news created the
greatest sensation and induced the Amer
ican Consul, Mr. McCook. and Mr. Ogil
vie the Canadian Commissioner, to send
out a joint committee to investigate and
-Fl°e whole story is decidedly fishy with
out thl Finns? who, as decipherers and
interpreters of the meaning of old in
scriptions, if such really existed In that
place, are not at a premium. Certainly
not in the #* of well-known facts to the
contrary of their interpretation. Russian
foothold on the American continent was
acquired during the second quarter pi tne
last century through the discoveries of
Admiral Bering and others, under v, hi.
they claimed down to latitude 04.40. It Is
well known that their movements
throughout the whole period of their pos
sessions were entirely confined to the vi
cinity of the coast, except on the Lower
Yukon, which they ascended as far as
Nulato less than 300 miles from the
mouth. ' They never penetrated even for
trading purposes any distance Into the
Interior The British title to Canada carae
from Cook's discoveries on the west coast
in 1778 and the conquest from the French
in 1759. No white man ever penetrated
into the Northwestern Territory west of
Mackenzie River until near the middle
of thf present century, when Forts Sel
kirk on the Upper Yukon and Peily Post
were established by the Hudson Bay
Company as the trading posts, and later
on Fort Reliance, near Dawson and Fort
Yukon, at the mouth of the Porcupine
R The* first question as to the boundaries
between the possessions of the two coun
tries arose in IS2I. and was settled by
trc-atv of February 28, IS2o. No survey
either jointly or singly, was ever agreed
between the two countries, and none was
In marie. 111 and IV of the above-men-
In articles TIT and IV of the above-men
tioned treaty between Great Britain and
Russia the boundary line as agreed upon
between their respective possessions is
described in the following terms: Com
mencing from the southernmost point of
the island called Prince of Wales Island,
which point lice in the parallel 54 degrees
40 minutes north latitude and between
the 131st' and 133 d degrees of west longi
tude, Greenwich meridian, the: said line
shall ascend to the north along the cnan
nel called Port Channel as far as the
point of the continent where It strikes the
o6th degree of north latitude. From this
last-mentioned point the line of demark
atlon shall follow the summit of the
mountains situated parallel to the coast
as far as the point of Intersection of the
14lst degree of west longitude of the same
meridian, and finally from the said point
of intersection the Bald meridian of the
Hist degree in its prolongation to the
frozen ocean."
It Is further provided that between the
intersections of the line with the 56th de
gree of latitude and the 141 st meridian it
is to follow the summit of the mountains
running parallel to the coast, where they
do not exceed ten marine leagues there
from—where they do so exceed that dis
tance the line is to stand at ten marine
leagues from the coast. This is the only
nart of the line about which there could
be any dispute. _
In the treaty of lS67,by which Russia sold
her American possessions to the United
States the boundaries were described as
laid down in the treaty of 1825 between
Russia and Great Britain, as quoted
above. In 1592 the I'nited States and
Great Britain agreed by treaty on i joint
survey and delimitation of th.
along the "panhandle" that is southeast
of Mount St. Ellas. There was no agree
ment as to the continental part or the
line from that point north to the Arctic
Ocean, for the simple reason that there
was no necessity for any. r rom the in
tersection of the line with the I4lst mer
idian which i uts the side of Mount St.
Elias north to the Arctic the course of
the line is fixed. All that needs to be
done is to determine points along its
length by astronomical observations and
mark its actual position. This was
done at Beveral places In the \ukon Gal
ley four or five years ago, and shows the
line to be some forty miles west of Daw
son and 140 west of the "Bogus Finn
Line," and as far as the two Govern
ments interested are concerned, there it
will surely remain. So the excited Daw
sonites may rest easy as to their nation
al status, and prospective Klondikers
must go prepared to live and work under
Canadian laws, as heretofore.
IMPORTANT SALE OF REALTY.
Old Y. M. C. A. Property Purchased
by Goldberg, Bowen & Co.
An important and significant purchase
of realty is reported by A. J. Rich & Co..
which is expected to affoct materially a
on which has been quiet.
The Y. M. C. A. property, on the north
side of Sutter street, just west of Kearny.
with a frontage of 54:6 and a depth of
-137:6 to the rear street, has been pur
chasfi by Goldberg, Bowen & Co., the
well-known grocers, who will commence
immediately to remove the present build-
Ing and erect thereon a solid steel and
stone structure, six stories In height,
with ail modern improvements, that are
needed in a building for business pur
poses, to cost about $00,000. The purchase
price was about $9r P .noo.
AN EXCELLENT COMBINATION.
Succesful Enterprise Based on Merit.
The few remedies which have attained to
world-wide fame, as truly beneficial In effect
and giving patisf action to millions of people
everywhere, are the products of the knowledge
of th? moat <min»-rit physician* and presented
in the form mopt acceptable to the human sys
tem by the s=kill of the world's great chemists;
and one of th« most successful examples Is the
Syrup of Figs manufactured by the California
Tig Syrup Company. Unlike a host of imita
tions and cheap substitutes. Syrup of Figs Is
permanently beneficial in its effects, and there
fore lives and promotes good health, while In
ferior preparations are being ca6t aside and
forgotten.
In the process of manufacturing the pleasant |
family laxative made by the California F:« j
Syrup Company, and named Hyrup of Figs. fIRM I
are used, as they are pleasant to the taste; but !
the medicinal properties of the remedy arc ob- j
tamed from an excellent combination of plants j
known to be medicinally laxative and to act I
most beneficially. As the true and original
remedy, named Syrup of Figs, Is manufactured
by the California Fig Syrup Company only a
knowledge of that fact will assist in avoiding
the worthless imitations manufactured by other
parties.
Trunks, valises, pocketbooks, diaries.
Best goods, best values, at Sanborn &
Vails. •
In the Divorce Court.
John B. Garland has sued Josephine
Garland for a divorce, alleging desertion
as a cause of action. Decrees of divorce
have been granted Frankle E. N. Hunt
from Dr. Thomas E- Hunt on the grounds
of desertion end failure to provide; Ida
L. Will from George M. Will on the
ground of cruelty; Daisy W. Davenport
from P. C. Davenport on the grounds of
neglect and intemperance, and Felix Reid
from Margaret Reid on the ground of in
temperance.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017- W23 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 1399.
if FOR RENT, ONE WELL- 1
I WORN DRESS SUIT !
$ t
$ f REAT swallowtail! I'm glad this is. the. last week of the opera. If the >
4- I season lasted a fortnight longer I'd be in tatters; as it is I think I see my O
O I T finish. I'm about ripe for picking by some waiter That will settle the +
I - *~* opera for me for all time, but then I'll get enough to eat ,and 11 satisfy o
, O my musical longing with the "Miserere" by some spaghetti band playing In +
■ x the corridor of the rotisserie. ■ ... ,*+»,«+ , n , m( or ?
i $ Suffering suspenders, what a time I had of it ast night! ir that counter- £
I X felt dude in the London. Petaluma and San Francisco Bank attempts to hire £
2me again this week I'm going, to tear myself on a nail or someth lng of that £
6 sort; anything rather than go out with him again He a the swiftest num- £
4- ber in the bunch, I guess nit. But l Q
I O y\ don't think he'll want any more opera •♦
IX A ) in his for a while; It's too rich for him. -rf^^J V
1 2 ' MKU Besides, that frostbite Miss Rawhide JKHjg^N. X
X i^^^ of Pacific avenue handed out to him |HAY^ X
> Jm going home in the coupe last night has aHBBBMfc\ 6
O AM ■^■MAy chilled his great passion for music. KBbHHBkM +
t r^S^ He always takes a coupe for reasons mn K^l ©
' ? » Xlo^ of economy, and when he opened up M2£2lgg^:#¥ +
X WkWk his declaration of love and plans for j»^H| «
° rSiTB an easy life and attempted to yank her 9BD^n| +
"*" HHak head over against my lapel she told i^SBMB °
° WsMm, him her papa was so mean he had for- nSBIHSv +
+ MWii bidden her to bring any more pets into \fMfoJffim °
; O WMB the house. 4n/^/^^St *
4- V HH Say, I could hear those two cases he 7 a q/MH» O
0 % M had salted away In my pocket to pay C> / \^^|£||s9» >
i X WPi cabby with clink together he was so mam O
X IS rattled. He'd figured it out that his En- -f
! A !*i clish accent with the new golf stock- «
$ li&g9 Sk he flashed up at the Hoot Mon links had given him a +
1 W&&P l g ehc h on Miss Rawhide, but when she passed him up that O
X KP— ay he made up his mind that he was a dead dog. He g
i g dismissed the cab a block' iETm the" Rawhide house t^-y^^^nVebauch 6 9
IX of hauling him down town, and then he started out on a wild « e ™% n d^ a a g^n • O
2 He. touched a friend for a half and lifted in ten beers in rapid s"^ 3 " 0 "- £
X Got sloppy toward the last and showered me **?******£ £%£%% Trom a" 2
! X I don't like beer at any time, but there I was with a v l ™**™™^™^ X
| 6 stag reception the night before and it's no wonder It >ou touch O
I ± me. A cop helped us up to his room on the top floor of the Wlndermere at Q
j O /V^ o'clock this morning- and Mr. uuae +
•*- V^^k went to bed without undressing. No /-v ©
i ° £m. I HA wonder I look disfigured to-day. \^ -+
> /^.l j^a I wonder that'll take this Cafe %^ O
O SftlX Rouge odor out of me? . W*«£^ "<-
-- M, That wasn't so bad a time. Friday M ♦ Oh ©
O night when that Klondike gazaba sal- eL/f^ >
■♦- M§'if lied forth from the Russ House togged iE£s»ia ©
O Imrm out in me and bound for the opera. f 4-
"♦■ M&T ?V Had a drink,at every emporium on the JSSsi&P ©
° M? M ' route, and things were coming so easy -,^% "♦"
X fl& II before we got to Market street that I'd £jf %% O
X ■k I forgotten all about his boot-tops chaf- B m £
<) V» ing my legs. I'm not saying anything M % V
" about the lady he picked up on the | >
6 side. I don't like musk in large JJ7 *©v «
*" «fi| whiffs but she didn't care anything m ** ,-,
2 4fiS^T about my likes and dislikes. She was Af +
I coiuan't see that he Improved the Tor »Jor -wngJny^ $
2 " Greaser bull-puncher. ' h closed . S up-
i - v • goblet until he went to sleep. The lady .©
JO • had a pretty good edge on, too. but she +
4- J | knew her business all right, and when Q
O . jmjTtXs)JaL he dropped off, all she did was to tap «*w(lS^v- "*•
■+■ \j/r*YAj!&k his roU o£ long green ' inch a diamond £B&&l£Bk °
O rSBH a Oh fl how I suffered at "Aida" Thurs- J||||||jS C
♦ da >' night. A big German brewer f^m&MMM Q
'' O R^-i squeezed himself into me with the aid M^HHP v
: -♦■ lrP*3 of his wife and some soapstone, and JHKL^j^Sfe^ Ci
' ° we climbed up into the balcony. He ''—'■■ >
■♦■ i^^^ snored serenely through the entire fe|J^M^-Yj ©
'"* jHB show, every gasp starting the stitches y$ >
A flpffiM. and shattering the peace of the neigh- £-<*: *f?jo V
♦ Bww borß - Next da>; 1 had to have all my W 1 W ©
O H^B buttons sowed on again. >
■<- 1« VL The nipht before that I adorned the ©
O tea M figure of a politician who is 6 feet 3 jKfi i
"*" HI IB* inches tall and has a waist measure- *»
O -^*^ ment of. 29 inches. I was not enough in \23JF j\
'' + <B?2£3?fr a '"**" some places and too much In other?. _ *•'
O If there's anything that makes me
4- : •> tired it's this being worn at half mast. O
! © I took in the Mission-street show every night last week and no two wearers "£
4- were the same size. V
: O Say, it's all right to be the ice man, or the milk 'man, or maybe the ash p:
| ■♦• man, but It's awful this being a hired-out dress suit. O
I o^K>4O>O-fO>O>O>O^O-fO> ©+O4O +O+Q O •♦- O-K> -♦■ Of ♦ ©♦© -f H
WIRED THE GOVERNOR
TO SIGN THE BILL
CITY BUSINESS MEN WANT THE
EXPOSITION.
New Board of Directors of the Manu
facturers' and Producers'
Association.
Yesterday at the annual meeting' of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion in the Mills building, it was decided
to ask the Governor by telegraph to sign
Pacific Ocean Exposition bill, now
hung- up in the executive's outer office
with a number of its unfortunate fellows.
Messrs. Kc-rr and McKee objected to the
exposition on the ground that It would
bring foreign-made goods in competition
with the products of the home factories.
However, the practical benefits to be de
rived from such an exposition- in this
city, the great port of the Pacific, front
ing the Orknt with its markets, was too
apparent to a majority of the members
present and the motion to immediately
wire the Governor to sign the bill won its
way.
President Sbarboro said that with the
three-quarters of a million appropriated
by the city, one-quarter by the Legisla
ture ;ind a probable half-million from the
Federal Government the coming exposi
tion would not fail to be a practical and
splendid success.
The Federal Government grave Omaha
and other places $5<K),000 apiece for their
fairs and would certainly .do as well by
San Francisco. If this city would be the
great port on the nation's western sea
board .she muHt make herself known.
The following members, to compose the
new hoard of directors for the ensuing
year, were selected and elected unani
mously: ,
A. Sharboro, James W. Kerr. W. F.
Bowers, Charks R. Alien, L. R. Mead,
Frank L. Brown, Edward Everett, C. H.
Crocker, J P. Currier, Samuel McKee and
A. McLaughlin.
President Sbarboro. in reviewing the
work accomplished by the association
during the past year in fostering, pr«ti t
ing and up-building the manufacturing
and producing- interests of the State, re
ferred to the part taken by the associa
tion in May last, when the Government
was preparing to send troops to the Phil
ippines. The task of convincing the Gov
ernment of the advantages afforded by
San Francisco as a purchasing and dis
tributing point for clothing and supplier
in general for the use by the army was
Inaugurated by the Manufacturers' and \
Producers' Association and resulted in the j
recognition by the Government of that
fact to the extent that, according to the
statement of the depot quartermaster,
there have bren disbursed during the year
by this department alone between eleven
and twelve millions of dollars in this city.
\\'i rk in this direction was not confined
to this department of the Government, for
the efforts of the association were di
rected to others. A representative was
,i in to Washington who obtained con
cessions of additional territory to be fur
nished with goods and supplies from this
city, for the Indian agencies und schools
located this side of the Rockies, worth in
the neighborhood of fifty thousand dollars
annually.
The Navy Department was likewise pe
titioned to enlarge the present scope of
the Mare Island Navy Yard as a distrib
uting point for supplies for the navy, in
view of the increase of the naval estab
lishment on this coast.
Bostonian Week at the Zinkand.
Bostonian music Is the thing at Zlnkand's
this week. The serenade seems to be Just as
popular as ever. . •
Killed by a Shock.
Frederick J. Marham, an 11-year-old
boy, died in the City and County Hos
pital yesterday morning of shock, the re
sult of a beating received at the hands
of an unknown boy. Marham was re
turning home from the Stanford School
on February 15. when another boy 18 or
19 veara old knocked him down with a
blow. He was taken by his classmates to
his home at 21 Harrison avenue, and from
there removed to the City and County
Hospital on March 9. Marham's father \
is in the hospital suffering from tubercu- !
losis and gangrene — a leg and an arm
having been amputated. No hopes are
entertained for his recovery.
Mrs. Marham, the boy's mother, has five
other children to care for, and she is in
destitute circumstances.
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills of Aaron Wiener and Gr. B.
Rossi Filed for Probate.
The will of Aaron Wiener, who died on
the 17th inst., has been 'lied for probate.
The estate of the deceased, which is val
ued at over $10,000, is distributed as fol
lows: To Pauline Blaskower, a sister.
$2000; to Ray Drossier, a niece. $10"! . to
Charles Blaskower, $500; to Jacob I
ncr, $1000; to Jacob, Gustav and Emma
Wiener, children of Adolph Wiener, a de
ceased brother, $500 each: to Sarah Jonas.
$500; to the children of Yette Ltssner, i
sister, $15rtO, and to Carl Drossner a lot of
land. The residue of the estate is be
queathed all the dlvisces named, share
and share alike. Jacob Drossner is named
as executor.
The will of G. B. Rossi, who died Mnrch
8. devises or.e-haif his entire estate, which
is valued at $2300, to Maria Rossi, his
widow: the remaining half to be divided
In equal shares among his five children.
Painters' Union Organized.
Under the auspices of the Building
Trades Council a Painters' T'nion was or
; ganized at 1159 Mission street last night.
i The organization of this union reflects
considerable credit on P. 11. McCarthy,
president of the Building Trades Council,
as he has been working on the movement
j for several months. At the meeting last
I night sixty members signed the roll, after
which a temporary organisation was
formed by electing I. Christ president
and R. Q. Gregg secretary. The perma
nent organization of the society will be
had at the next meeting, on Wednesday
evening, March 29, at the same place.
Short in His Accounts.
Kurt Schncke. a collector for the Abend
Post, was arrested yesterday on a war
rant charging him with misdemeanor em
bezzlement. The particular charge is for
embezaling $21 S6, but it is said that the
total amount of his peculations will reach
a considerable sum.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DON'T GROW OLD
UNTIL YOU HAVE BECOME AGED
Old men are found in all walks of life who are really young in years.
Such unfortunates are usually the victims of nervous debility, brought on by
youthful errors, excesses in after life, overwork, worry or some chronic ail-
ment. Any of these afflictions sap the very life germs from those on whom
they fasten their remorseless grip.
Are you a victim? If you are why con-
tinue on your, dark and downward career, -g^- . , «a»^^^
more dead than alive in mind and body? i -"«^3£^^ =:S!<i^9rs^^
Dr. Meyers & Co. have won world-wide dflWßF^fi^ir'^'w ißr^m%
fame by curing all of these troubles. /S^wP^^^^^^S^^M
Their great medical institution, which is "^- SHi^^sP^ :\S»
the largest and best equipped in America, aHE&^T • --^Sb
increases in popularity every year. S^&eP** -s^iMl
NO PAY TILL CURED." mm ><rf »^JJ
Dr. Meyers & Co. have such confidence /T^^l *"*&£& wm\
in their abilitythat they will let the pa- If A l ®; ilr^£&/1/ \sBfl J
tient deposit the price of a cure in any /a VK fK^oy'' W*Kr
bank or with any business house or >\ »M v^S
newspaper in San Francisco, to be paid to / \\ IBji s jKa
them when a cure is effected. Monthly O^^Sam.'/ I .^tttlCT^^l
payments may be made if preferred. yy%2Z&Bßßwii&. \ PSsW«.i : '
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE '%o%\mma II tlllilliPlilflii
At office or by mail. If you cannot call W/VM iifiPi^T.JS^y
write for a copy of Dr. Meyers' MAR- : 4 v '''vt» 4
RIAGE GUIDE. Sent sealed and free. &2^^&&WmM :/ WS '
DR. MEYERS & CO., Rs^^B
731 MARKET STREET, San Francisco. . established is tears.
DIRECTORS ARE
REVERSED BY
THE EDUCATORS
Examiners Opposed
to Board.
A CONFLICT OF AUTHORITY
TEACHERS' EXAMINATIONS ARE
ADVANCED TO MONDAY.
The School Authorities Had Fixed
the Date for June, but This
Was Arbitrarily-
Changed.
The Board of Examiners has reversed
the Board of Education.
At the last meeting of the latter body
the Directors determined to postpone until
June 24 the regular examination of teach
ers for certificates. The Board of Ex
aminers met yesterday afternoon in the
office of Superintendent of Schools Web
ster and arbitrarily set Monday next at
1:30 o'clock as the time at which the ex
aminations should take place. It was
held by those at the meeting that the
Board of Education had no jurisdiction
in the matter and should never have in
terfered.
The Board of Examiners is made up of
Superintendent of Schools Webster, who
acts as president; Miss P. M. Nolan, sec
retary; James T. Hamilton, James H.
Simmons and Clarence Walker. Appli
cants lor teachers' certificates appear be
fore this board at stated intervals and
undergo an examination as to their qual
ifications to teach. The present conflict
of authority is a peculiar one. The Board
of Education is the governing body and
as such has jurisdiction over the exam
iners. The latest move of the latter is,
therefore, a puzzle to those who follow
the movements of the School Directors.
The School Directors will not meet until
Wednesday next, so they cannot delay
the action of the examiners, if they
would.
Representatives of the teachers and of
the merchants will meet again this after
noon at the Girls' High School and will
endeavor to adjust the differences which
exist between them regarding the settle
ment of their respective claims against
the city. The teachers are moved by con
flicting emotions. Some want what
money is available in the school fund di
vided between the teachers and the mer
chants, while others object strongly to
any such procedure. In a recent cir
cular the latter say:
That any sort of compromise tending in
any way to recognize or to help validate
the 80-called creditor^ 1 claims en masse is
wmng: and ought never to be consented to
by the teachers of the department, inas
much as their complaint before the Su
perior Court prondtinced these claims il
legal and absolutely void and the court has
so declared the law.
The outcome of the litigation so far has
been so unsatisfactory to the teachers
that many of them shrink from further
experience of the law's delays. The meet
ing this afternoon is expected to prove
a spirited one, as those opposed to a
compromise with the merchants will pre
sent what they think is a strong case.
The announcement in The Call yester
day that the balance of the January sal
aries were ready and would be paid upon
demand proved welcome news to the
teachers. Before 10 o'clock over 60 per
cent of the teachers had called at the
office of Secretary Simpson and received
their warrants. The inclemency of the
weather did n<>t deter them. The major
ity of the teachers were paid during the
day. as Treasurer Truman kept his office
open until a late hour to accommodate
teachers from outlying districts.
A NEGLECTFUL MOTHER.
Mrs. Kate Pullen Arrested for Cruel
ty to Her Three Young Children.
Three young children, the oldest 10
years of age, were left to the tender mer
cies of the neighbors by their mother,
Mrs. Kate Pullen, ISU Hickory avenue,
I from Saturday night till Tuesday night.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
! to Children was notified yesterday morn
! ing. and Officers McMurray and Coleman
■ went to the house and arrested Mrs.
; Pullen and Adrian Silvey, a teamster, and
I they were hooked at the City Prison on a
: charge of cruelty to children.
Mrs. Pullen said she went to Palo Alto
i Saturday night tin a visit, intending to
return Sunday night, but was prevented.
She knew that the neighbors would at
tend to the children and she did not
j worry about them. The children looked
; healthy and clean and showed that the
: neighbors had been kind and attentive
; to them.
Mrs. Pullen's husband is a farmer at
i Hollister. They separated some months
ago owing to her fondness for liquor, and
she came to the city with the three chil
dren. She met Silvey and he has been
stopping with her since. He is 29 years
of age and she is 40.
Sutter-Street Repairs.
City and County Attorney Lane sub
mitted an opinion to the Supervisors re
garding the repair of Sutter street. He
holds the Sutter Street Railroad Com
pany must keep the space between its
tracks and two fort on each side in re
pair. The city, however, cannot express
ly require the company to corrugate the
s"tone blocks. Complaint was lodged with
the Board some time since by teamsters
regarding the slippery condition of the
street between Grant avenue and Stock
ton street.
Wants His Valuable Pointer. ,
Al Smith, the horseman, swore to a
complaint for a search warrant In Judge
! Conlan's court yesterday to obtain pos
■ session of his valuable pointer dog, which
i he claims is being illegally detained by
| "Jane Doe." 3528 Sacramento street. The
dog was missed last Saturday and Smith
alleges that he has discovered it at the
i house on Sacramento street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIGK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
v ;■ Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsto,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient lives
in an atmosphere that positively kills the
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the
weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
ture falls to normal, and four weeks treat-
ment invariably increases weight from six to
twenty pounds. ■••";' "
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
J j Im- Not Im-
Character No. Cured, proved, j proved. Total.
Ist Stage.. 34 23 5 0 34
2d Stage.. 36 12 22 2 38
3d Stage.. 30 j 3 12 15 30
The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing the
Antiseptic GermiclaJ Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. The
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The rooms — over 100 in
number — are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully located, nine
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods of treatment, will be mailed free
on application.
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel. Cal. ■
I
gw PALACE wl
ICRAND "9TMhMI
!: BAM FHANCS'SOO. q
" Connected by a. covered passageway. 2
© 1400 Roo— is— 9OO With B«th Attached. M
1 C —11 Under On* Management. <3|
: ft NOIS TEE PRIOSS: 0
> Jr European 1an.81.00 per day and upward „
W American Plan.s}!.«'O per day and ujm «xd>^
i t% Correspondence Solicited. Q
;!f TOHU C. KIR^FATaiCK. Uaa»ger. q
SjQ o o o o c o ocaoooooQfl
Use o^^ Use
•Woodbury's f** 86 ,§ Woodbury'a
Facial Soap, Facial Cream.
The only preventive tor pimples, blotches,
| blackheads, red, rough and oily skin. Send 10
I cents for Beauty Book, and receive sample
! each of Soap and Cream, free. lOHN H.
! WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d st.. New York, and 183
| State st., Chicago.
AUCTION
Investment, Residence and Unimproved
Property
AT BALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY BT.
MONDAY. MARCH 27th, 1899
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
TRUSTEE SALE.
Market Street Business Property
Two Frontaere*.
2677 ami 2679 Market street, S.R. line X E of Castro
street, running through io 17' b afreet, two .«i,or2S and two
Bats 5 rooms, bath each. 2"'llMxll3 irregular; etreeta
accepted.
Choice Business Corner.
S.E. cor. Hiight and Scott streets, three stores of four
rooms «-ach, also 6 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms, bath
each <<n Ilaight street. 2 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms,
bath each, on Scott street ; rents $253 per mouth; 68:9 x
110; both streets accepted. »:' : .
Corner near Park Partly Improved.
S.E. cor. M».-onic Are. and Waller strtet, corner lot
33x106, 2 modern flats of 5 and 9 rooms, bath adjniuing,
17*108 as a whole or separately.
Howard St. Flats— A. W. Bode Estate.
1759 Howard street. E. line, S of 14th street, 3 flats of
4. 5 and C rooms, bath etch, cottage of 3 rooms in rear:
rents $50 per month ; stone sidewalk, street accepted,
27x110.
Western Addition Residence.
559 Fell street, S. line, E. of Buchanan ftx.-et, resl-
dene- of 8 rooms and bath, unfinished basement, brick
foundation, etc . stable for 2 horses, rent. $40; mortgage
of {4000 at 6 r 4 per cent, can remain. 41:3x120 to rear St.
Manufacturing District.
110 Main street, S \V line, 8 E. or Mission street, new
brick building, suitable for light manufacturing ; 22:6 x
91:10.
Mission Home.
4032 25th street, N.line.W, of Sanchez street, residence
of 6 room*, bath, brick foundation, cement walk, 25*114
Administratrix Sale— Mission Cottage.
2517 Harrison street, E. line, S. of Bat street, cottage
of 5 room* and bath, unfinished basement, cement walk,
25xi00- subject to confirmation by Court.
Large liulldlng Lot.
Greenwich street, H. line. 146:10« teat E. of Polk
itrcot, marine view and convenient to car lines; lot
37:4^x137:6; easy terms. ;- - , •
For further particulars apply at our office
G. H. UJIBSEN & CO.. Auctioneers,
14 'Monteomarr Street.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
LAST WEEK OF
ETHEL LYNWOOD,
\ THE "HUMAN* KNOT." ■.
And a HOST OF NOVELTIES in the FREE
THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— AMATEUR NIGHT!
" '"/ ''. LAST TIME Or THE
AMATEUR CAKE WALK!
RESERVED SEATS AT THE EMPORIUM.
AUSTRALIAN IGUANAS in the ZOO!
10c, Including; Zoo and Theater; Children, 6c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"auction
BT
YON RHEIN & CO.,
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY, MARCH 23d,
At 12 m. sharp.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
Mission, near Third; Rent* $67.
20x80—679 Mission, near Third; store and
dwelling; rents greatly reduced now; new
buildings containing 1000 rooms within half
block of this property.
Hayes St.— Corner 50-Vara.
137^x137:6— NE. cor. Hayes and Lyon; as a
whorl or in 6 lots; both streets accepted: I
blocks from Park entrance: every lot sunny.
Geary St. Corner ; rents $36.
25x92— SE. cor. Geary and Broderlck ; 2235
Geary and 1316- IJ2O Broderick; three 2-story
dwellings.
Harrison St. Business Corner.
30x70— SE. cor. Harrison and Dore, SW. of
Ninth st.; both streets accepted; must be sola
to close an estate.
Commercial, near Front ; Brick Building.
25x60—311 Commercial st., near Front; 2-story
brick building; suitable for manufacturing or
wholesale business.
Sunny Belt Mission Corner. -
65x117:6— 5W. cor. Church and Twenty-third;
will be sold In one or two lots; this Is th«
fashionable part of the Mission.
6th st.. through to Morris ay.; rents $74.
60xS5 — Sixth St.. north of Bryant; two
7-room houses; brick foundation: rents $50:
electric road and R. R. depot will soon be on
Sixth st. . ,
23x75—44-46 Morris aye.; double house or 1
rooms each; rents $24.
I6th St. Business Corner; rents $50.
21:9x80—3121 Sixteenth St.. SW. cor. of Al-
bion, west of Valencia; occupied by the same
tenant for a number of years.
Bryant St.— House and Large Stable.
BOxSO— Bryant. 555-557. between Third and
Fourth; 8-room house and stable for 10 horse*;
well 100 feet deep; adapted for dwelling or
manufacturing.
Two Florida St. Lots Cheap
Each 25x100—2 lots on E. line of Florida,
north of Eighteenth; adjoining Union Brewery.
Excelsior Homestead, Corner 10 Lots.
800x100— North cor. of Persia aye. and Mos-
I cow; can be sold as a whole or in 12 lots; to
close an estate.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co.. Inc., Lessee.
LAST THREE PERFORMANCES OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
NEW YORK SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet:
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE AT 2.
TO-NIGHT— "ROMEO ET JULIETTE."
First appearance here of Mme. Melba as
Juliette; Mattfeld, Van Cauteren, Bonnard,
Boudouresque, Stehman, Rains, De Vries. "Van
Hoose, Viviani. Del Sol, Cass. Friday, March
24, last evening: performance, "Carmen." in
French, with De Lussan and Oiadskf. Satur-
day afternoon, last matinee, double bill. "Lu-
cia," in Italian, with Melba as Lucia, and
"Patrllacci," in Italian, with Challa.
PRICES SS, $4, $3. $2, according to location.
BOX SEATS $10 A limited number of General
Admission Tickets, $2. General Admission to
Gallery. $1. '
COLUMBIA THEATER.
NOTE— The management respectfully re-
quests that all orders for the remainder of
this week be called for by this evening.
IN GREAT DEMAND.
The Famous
BOSTONIANS
In De Koven and Smith's romantic opera
ROB ROY!
Every evening 1 this week, except Sunday, at 8
o'clock sharp.
I Prices 50c, 75c, $1 and $1 SO
Next Week Last times. "ROB ROT*
SEATS NOW READY.
■ —
! 12 NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS-12
THE GYPSY QUINTETTE,
Charles King. Albert /Burton, Charles Bagu-
ley. Lorralnec Amour, Anita Maoni.
All Soloists— Hit of the East.
PERCY HONRI. Concertlnist.
BARNES AND SISSON. Comedy Specialists.
MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM ROBYNS la
"Straight Tip Jim."
THE DARTOS. Parisian Dancers.
J. W. WINTON. TROUBADOUR TRIO.
PANTZER TRIO, TWINS MARCO.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony. 10c; opera
chairs, and box seats, 50c.
Matinees — Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng Proprietor and Mgr.
"GET THIS ON. TOUR LIST."
THIS EVENING AT 8:10.
Gilbert and Sullivan's Greatest Work,
.THE MIKADO.
"AN OBJECT ALL SUBLIME."
NEXT WEEK— favorite Ballad Opera,
"THE BOHEMIAN GISL."
Look Out for
"BEAUTIFUL GOLDEN LOCKS
Our Easter Spectacular Fantasie.
Matinee Every Saturday at 2 p. m.
Popular Prices..., 25c and 500
x. B. — A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 2So
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE NEW YORK LYCEUM THEATER
FARCICAL HIT. ■'"•"£•'
j^ ¥ IST JSwB I / ACT 1
IF A MAN WANTS TO UNDERSTAND
WHAT THE NERVOUS SYSTEM
- IS LET HIM MARRY.
Next Week— BIT OF SCANDAL"
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
. Corner , Eddy and Jones sts.
Under the Management of Holden. Mac Donald
and Crane.'
THIS EVENING— The Great Emotional Ao-
tress,
AGNES HERNDON,
Supported by the Popular Romantic Actor,
ALBERT A. ANDRUSS
And the Alhambra . Eastern Stock Company
In a Superb Production of
"LA BELLE MARIE"
MATINEES SATURDAY " AND SUNDAY.
Prices. 10c. 15c. .25c and 35c
jg|?l|Dß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Sb^Jjslli- Flve hundred reward for any
r" case we cannot cure. ThU secret
a DR. HALL'S REINVfGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any
case we cannot cure. Thta secret
remedy stops all losses In 24
tjjfig gal hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
TiF PTjiT tency, Varicocele. Gonorrhoea,
ftSKSi rasi Gleet, Fits, Strictures, Lost
|PS<^n__'V ;J^s Manhood and all wasting effect*
ttwrj' ■' ii ■"< of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. %2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed to
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. . Also for
■ale at IOTSVs Market St., S. F. All private dis-
eases quickly cured. Send {or free 'book.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction off again.
Wheat dull. Barley futures lower.
Oats very dull.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
Kain stops the Hay trade.
Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans and Seeds Quiet.
Potatoes and Onions advanced again.
Butter still weak.
Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry generally higher.
Fruits stand about the sama.
Provisions unchanged.
Meat miirket unchanged.
Decreased foreign Imports.
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign Imports at this port during the first
two months of the year were $6.944.577. against
$7 562.861 during the same time In 189S, the
leading sources being as follows: From Japan.
11965700- China. $1,150,800; Great Britain. J340.
--7- Hawaiian Islands. $1,876,795; Central Amer
ica $474 400; British Columbia, $290,118.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. March 22. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hoUrs: Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season,
Fureka 0.62 29.07 " 21
RedKuff lH W-« ««
Sacramento 1.08 12.. 1 8.00
San Francisco 2.15 12.99 ..53
Fresno 0.06 6.29 3.86
San Luis Obi3po 0.10 11.74 6.45
Los Angeles 0.00 4.71 6.04
Ban Diego 0.00 4.64 8.81
Yuma . 0.00 1.34 1-62
San Francisco Maximum temperature.
£6; minimum. 49; mean. 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather ie cloudy and threatening over
the entire Pacific Slope. Rain has fallen along
the Washington and Orecon coasts, In Cali
fornia north of the Tehachapi and in the north
ern portions of Nevada and Utah. The rain
has been heaviest in the Sacramento Valley
and along the central coast.
The pressure has fallen during the past
twenty-four hours over the entire country
west of the Rocky Mountains.
Conditions ire favorable for continued cloudy
weather and rain In California Thursday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 23. 1899:
Northern California— Rain Thursday; brisk
southerly wind.
Southern California— Rain Thursdays fresh
southwest wind.
Nevada— Rain or snow Thursday.
Utah— Rain or snow Thursday.
Arizona— Rain In south portion; rain or snow
In north portion Thursday.
Par. Francisco and ■ vicinity— Thursday;
brisk to high southerly wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK. March 22.— market had a
highly professional appearance to-day on the
. marked irregularity In the specialties, where
interest -•-red. and moderate Improvements
In the railways, which were comparatively ne
glected. An easier tendency appeared early
sympathetically with London quotations, and
prices moved nervously in the general market,
while among the specialties fluctuations were
in many cases sensational. Sugar, after a
slight reaction to 168, rallied and moved about
aimlessly, Jumped to l*" eased off. but retained
t'_ points if its advance. Brooklyn Transit
dropped oft sharply, but recovering, left off
fractionally above yesterday's figures. Man
hattan was lifted over * points. Third Avenue
repralnesl mu.*h s<f Its lose of yesterday, closing
I points _ Ighe. on the day. in connection with
the amendment of the Amsterdam avenue bill.
On talk of an extension of the local gas war
Consolidated Gas dropped 7 points, half of j
which it regained. Continental Tobacco and
American Tobacco lost 4% and 2% respectively, -
and left off at the lowest. New York Air- |
brake plunged down 14 points on offerings, and
recovered only 3. American Steel and Wire ]
was strong and Federal Steel was sympatheti
cally so to a lesser extent. The Grangers
showed a somewhat hardening tendency and the
market closed strong.
Good support was noted in some positions in
the bond market, but there was liquidation in
other section;-, which caused some lrregularl
lty. The Increased ease of call money Influ
enced more generally buying of the better
kornvn semi-speculative mortgage. Total sales,
$2, 250, 'W0.
United States new fours registered advanced
**< and do coupon and the three %. The old
fours coupon gained % In the bid price.
Total sales of stocks t -day were ,'63.40* shares,
Including: Atchison preferred 16,510, Central
Pacific 7140, Burlington 14.040, Manhattan 39.
-2—, Metropolitan 8655, Reading first preferred
89,650, Ontario and Western 19.062, Rock Island
£420. Union Pacific 7345. St. Paul 15.100. Union
Facifie preferred 6419, Southern Pacific -7985,
American Steel and Wire 47.925. American Steel
and Wire preferred 3S. r .O, People's Gas 5890. Con
solidated Gas 8715, General Electric 5575, Brook
lyn Transit 77,200, Sugar 86,341. Tennessee Coal
and Iron 7865, Leather preferred 3450, St. Louis
and Southwestern preferred 4780.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20% St L & S W 10
Do prefd 60 Do prefd 29%
Baltimore ft Ohio.. 69% St Paul ..- 128*.
Canada Pacific 85% Do prefd 178
Canada Southern.. 57% St P & Om 92%
Cent Pac 60% Do prefd 174
Ches & Ohio 27 So Pacific 36
Chi ft Alton 170 So Railway 12
Chi Bft Q 140% Do prefd 49
Chi A E 111 88% Texas _ Pacific... 23%
Do rrefd 120 Union Pacific 46*4
Chi G W 15% Do prefd 80%
Chi Ind - L 8% U P D & G 12%
Do prefd 43 Wabash 7*4
Chi ft N W 147% Do prefd 21%
Do prefd 151 Wheel &L E 11%
CCC&Bt L 57% Do prefd 82
Do prefd 96% Express Companies
Del _ Hudson 115*. Adams Ex 112
Del L & W 166 lAmerlcan Ex 140
Den & Rio G 21 United States 64
Do prefd 72*4 Wells Fargo 125
Erie new 11-. Miscellaneous
Do Ist prefd .... 38%iA Cot Oil ..- 35%
Ft Wayne 180 j Do prefd 92%
fit Nor prefd 190 JAmn Spirits 18%
Hocking Val 8% Do prefd 38%
Illinois Cent 114 . Am Tobacco 207
Lake Erie & W.... 18 i Do prefd 142
Do prefd '-.5 Cons Gas 2"'*
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable Co ....175
Louis & Nash.... 63% Col F & Iron 35%
Manhattan L 110 V *' Do prefd 98
Met St Ry 253 Gen Electric 115
Mich Cent 113 Haw Coml Co 77
Minn ft St L 53 Brooklyn R T ....108
Do Ist pre 99 : Paper 63
Mo Pacific 4« j Do prefd 82
Mobile _ Ohio 10% Laclede Gas 53
Mo X & T 13 .Lead 31%
Do .refd 23 I Do prefd 112%
N J Central .116% Fed Steel 62%
N V Central 135% Do prefd 87%
N V Chi & St L.. 13% I Nat Lin Oil 5
Do Ist prefd .... 69 I -■■ifl-- Mall 48%
Do 2d prefd 33 [People's las US"4
Nor West 17% Pullman Pal 159
No Amer Co 8% Silver Cert 60 •
No Pacific 50% Standard R & T. 10%
Do prefd 78 Sugar 167%
Ontario & V 27% Do prefd 118%
Or R * Nay 44 ;T C & Iron 62
Do prefd 72 U 8 Leather 6%
Or Short Line .... 42% Do prefd 714
Pac Coast l*t prefd 88 U S Rubber 60%
Do 2d prefd . ... **2* \ Do prefd 116%
Pittsburg I*o West Union _%
Reading 23 7 . Am Steel AW... 61%
Do Ist prefd .. 6f1% Do prefd 103
H <; W 35 Pac Coast 44
Do prefd 77% Colo Southern .... 7%
Rock Island 117% Do let prefd .... 66%
St L- S F 10% Do 2d prefd .... 2*%
Do prefd 70% I Con Tobacco 50
Do .1 prefd .... 18% Do prefd 86
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 107% N V Central 15t5. .114
U S new 4s reg. ..12-% N J C 6s 118
Do coup 128% 1N Carolina 6s 130
V 8 4s 111% Do 4s 1-4
Do coup 113 (No Pac lsts 118
Do 2d5....'. 99%! Do 3s 68
V S 7s reg 112%' Do 4s 103
Do 5s coup 112% N V C & St L 45. ..107
District 3.05s 117% Nor & W 6s 130
Ala class A 110 i Northwestern c0n. 143%
Do B 110 : Do deb 5* 122
Do C 101 lO Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency 105 |0 Nay 4s 101%
Atchison 4s 102% O 8 Line Cs tr..,..125%
Do adj 45.. ..;.... 82% O S Line 6s tr 11)
Can So 2ds 109 | Reading 4s, 89%
C ft O 4%s ;. 93 '|R G W lsts 96%
Chi Term 4s 99% St L & I M con 65. 111%
C & Ohio 5s 118% St L & S F gen 65. 123%
C H & D 4%s 104% St P Con 166
D & R Q I**" -**H P C & P 15t5. ...122
D & R O 4s 100%- Do os 120%
East Term 15t5. ...105 So Ry 5s 105%
trie Gen 4s .'.. 73 Standard R & T... 86
F W & D lsts tr.. 82% Term new set 35... 97%
Cen Elec 5s 111%, Tex Pac L G Ist*.. 112%
G II & 8 A6s 11l I Do Rg 2ds 58%
.- Do ->dB HO Union Pac 4s — ...104
H &TC 5s 112 |U PD & G lsts.... 94%
Do con 6e 110 (Wabash Ist 6s 115
lowa C lsts 110 | Do 2ds *.. 96
La new con 4s 109% W Shore 4s 114
L & N l*nl 4s 95%. Va Centuries 83%
Mo Pac con 6s 120%' Do deferred 9
M X & T 2ds 00*4 Wis Cent lsts 69
Do 4 „ 93 c,,io Southern 45.. 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 34IOntario 6 50
Crown Point 20 Ophlr 1 10
Con Cal ft V 2 50 1 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 {Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry L,- 00 *"*!____ 552
Hale & Norcross.. 2' Sierra Nevada 115
Horns-lake 55 00 Standard 2 60
Iron Silver 65 J* nlon C0n.... 64
Mexican 74 Yel.ow Jacket .... 84
* BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- lE* l Elec Tel 200
Call loa-s 3s_4 iAtch prefd 60
Time loans 804% Bonds—
Stocks— Atchison 4s 100
Atc_ Top * St Fe. 20%INew England 6a...U4%
Amer Sugar 16$ I Mining Shares-
Do prefd 1184 Allouez Mln Co 8%
Bell Tel 362 Atlantic 31
Boston & Albany. .243 Boston & Mont 350
Boston & Maine. ..l7l Butte & Boston S5
Boston L../. Calumet & Hecla..72')
Chi Bur & Q 140% Centennial 41%
Fitchburg 120 Franklin 24%
O«n Electric 115 Old Dominion 43
Federal Steel 52% Osceola 87
Do prefd S7V4 Qulncy '■'»
Mexican Central... 6 Tamarack 21.>
Old Colony 201 (Wolverine 43
i Rubber 60 Parrott 43%
1 Union Pac 46% Humboldt 2%
West End 93% Adventure 13
Do prefd 112 r Union Land 7
"VTestlngh Else 47 . Winona "... 16%
Do prefd 63 I
THE LQNDON MARKET.
NEW TORK. March 22.— Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were dull to-day, but flmi
'■ on the rise In consols, due to sinking fund pur
i chases and the African arrangement with
France. London bought Central Pacifies and a
few coalers. New York supported the latter,
but In the street they -were Inclined to eag.
New York bought Anacondas at 8 11-16. Tlntos
were 89%. Spanish 4's were 67%.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 88%: Northern Pacific pre
i ferred. 80%; Union Pacific preferred, 83; Grand
! Trunk, 7%: money, 2% per cent.
NEW TORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW TORK. March 22.— FLOUR— Receipts,
3L870; exports. 7718. Quiet, but firm and held
j above buyers* views.
: WHEAT - Receipts. 60,800 bushels: exports,
j 145.110 bushels. Spot. firm. No. 2 red, 81% c
If. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened strong
on higher cables, local covering and a cold
wave In the Northwest. In the afternoon
realizing produced a setback, but actual weak
ness was prevented by the strength of corn,
and our market closed rather firm with a late
' recovery at %@lc net advance. On the curb
May Jumped to 75c on further active buying
by shorts. ! March, 80%©81% C closed 81% c;
May. 73%@74%c. closed 74%e; July. 73@73%c,
closed 73% c; September, 71%<g>71%c, closed
71% c
HOPS—
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS More or less hesitation charac
terized dealings In metals. The net result of
price changes was not especially satisfactory
to either buyers or sellers, being very narrow
i at best and devoid of particular significance.
News from the West and abroad averaged up
pretty much as expected. The Metal Exchange
at the close called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, quiet and unchanged, I
with $10 50 bid and $11 50 asked.
LAKE COPPER— DuII and nominal, with |
$16 75 bid and $17 25 asked.
Firmer, with $23 65 asked and $23 85 I
asked.
LEAD— Barely steady, with $4 40 bid and
$4 42% asked. The brokers' price for lead is i
$4 20 and for copper $17 50.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $6 30 bid and
$6 40 asked.
COFFEE— closed steady. net un
changed. Sales, 13,000 bags, Including: April,
J5: May. $5 10; June. $5 15: July. $5 25; Sep
tember. $5 40; October, $5 50: November, $6 56;
December, $5 70; February, $5 so. Spot coffee—
Rio, dull. No. 7 Invoice, 6 l-Ific: No. 7 Job
bing, 6 9-16e. Mild- Quiet. Cordova, BOI4C.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining, 3"*> c:
centrifugal. 96 test, 4}* c; molasses sugar, 3»ic;
refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 7445 packages. Steady.
Western creamery, 16%@22c; Elgins, 22c; fac
tory, 12'g'14c.
Receipts. 13,845 packages: firmer.
Western, 14% c: Southern, WgHc.
DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits, steady. -■ .-.",
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, TQt>4c; ]
prime wire tray, 7%'g7Ts; choice, 9@9ftc; lancy, I
9%010c.
. PRUNES— 4U@9%e.
APRICOTS— ISOMc; Moorpark, 13017 c. I
PEACHES— Unpeeled. B011c; peeled. 25@2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
! CHICAGO, March 22.— A sharp bulge on the '
curb before business commenced, together with ;
the unfavorable weather, caused an eager de
mand for wheat at the start. May opened V
to 1c higher at 63@<i9%e. and as several trad
ers who have been skeptical as to serious dam
\ age to winter wheat changed their minds and
showed a sudden desire to become possessed of
contracts for future supplies, the market con
tinued to maintain an upward tendency. By
the time the price got to 69%' c, however, the
most urgent buyers" wants had been satisfied. j
and as soon as this support was withdrawn the ;
advance came to a halt. Then longs started to
take profits and as there was a good deal of
selling for the short account it did not take
long for the price to recede to 68$ic.
Liverpool closed with a gain for the day of
, from Id to Hid. This, together with fresh out
j side buying orders that came in, which were
I more than sufficient to absorb the offerings,
; started another upturn and at the close May
I wheat was bringing 69Vi@69%c.
The corn market was strong and the specu
'< lative business good. Receipts were very light
; and Indications were in favor of them running
j slim for some time to come, as the few accept
ances of bids amounted to almost nothing.
May closed He higher.
Light offerings and a good speculative de
mand based on tbe belief - In a late spring
strengthened oats. May closed %c higher.
Trade In provisions was on a moderate scale,
but prices were a little higher with strength
of the grain markets. May pork rose 6c. TUe
range In lard and ribs was of the narrowest
kind, closing a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 69% 69% 68% 69%
July 68% 63 63Vi 65%
Corn No. —
May 85% 35% 35 KM
July 8&% 36% 35% 36%
September 36% 36% 36% 36%
Oats No. 2—
May 26% 26% 26% 26%
July 24", 24% 24% 24-*
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 900 9 02% 895 900
July 915 920 ■ 910 9 17%
Lard, per 100 pounds
May 6 30 .5 30 5 25 5 30
July 5 42% 545 640 6 424
September 5 52% 5 57% 6 62% 5 57%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 470 470 4 67% 470
July 4 82% 4 82% 4hO 4 *2%
September 495 495 4 92% 495
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring- wheat, 67@*59c;
No. 3 spring wheat, fi3'S67%c; No. 2 red. 70©
71c; No. 2 corn. 34>-h<334>%; No. 2 oats, J7sio2Bc;
No. 2 white, 30®30%c; No. 3 white. 29Vi^30c:
Rye, 61Hc; No. 2 barley, 38048 c; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 IS; new winter, $1 21%; prime timothy
seed, $2 40; mess pork, per barrel, 18 80#8 !K);
lard, per 100 pounds. $5 17%>g5 20; short ribs
sides (loose). $4 4(r5'4 80; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 4ViQ4%c: short clear sides' (boxed),
$4 8554 90; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf, $5 83; granu
lated. $5 33.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,000 27.000
Wheat, bushels 68,500 70.000
Com, bushels 245.000 ISO.OOO
Oats, bushels 276.000 287.000
Rye. bushels 7,000 10,O(.O
Barley, bushels 21.000 4.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries, 14Q 1 2'>% c: Dairy,
ll%@l"c Eggs, firm; fresh, 12c. Cheese,
steady. •■;
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 172.500 44,820
Duluth 155.943
Milwaukee 18,900 4,900
Chicago i
Toledo 14.665 18,500
St. Louis 12.000 7.000
Detroit 3.492 1.056
Kansas City 11.000 89.500
Totals
Tidewater —
Boston 6,790
New York 60.800 135.610
Philadelphia 6.343 1,535
Baltimore '. 9,365
Ifrw Orleans 44, MX)
Galveston 28,420
Totals 111.719 181,615
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 5 4 5 3% 6 3%
Closing 6 4% 5 4% 6 4%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour — March. May.
Opening 43 05 43 60
Closing 43 20 43 60
Wheat-
Opening 20 65 20 80
Closing 20 70 20 SO
EASTERN .LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. March CATTLE averaged 100
lower, choice beeves excepted. which were
i scarce and steady. Fancy cattle brought $5 80®
6; choice steers, $5 30©0 75; mediums, $4 7505;
beef steers, $3 90@4 70; stockers and feeders,
i »3 60®4 76; bulls, $2 70<5>4; cows and heifers.
$3 40@4 20; Western fed steer*. $4 KO6; Texas
I steers, $3 75©'4 10; calves. $3 50<g:7 15. .
I HOGS ruled largely 2%c higher early, but
I the Improvement was all lost. Fair to choice,
) $3 80@3 92%; heavy packing lots, $3 60<jj3 77%;
I mixed. $3 60<S3 82%; butchers, $3 65@3 90; light.
i $3 SO® 3 82%; pigs, $3 25®3 70.
) SHEEP— There was a surprisingly good de
i mand, despite the continued liberal offerings,
i and prices rose rapidly, showing an advance
of 30c in two daye. Sheep brought $4 2505,
largely at $4 75®5, with a few culls bringing
$3fa.'3 76; yearlings, $4 70@5; lambs. $4 T.. . " 90,
chiefly at $5 40 and upward, and clipped West
ern lambs, $5 20.
Receipts— Cattle. 15,000; hogs, 30.000; sheep.
IJi7,OW. . ._ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIjIj, THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 1899.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. March 22.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
There Is a better feeling In the wool trade
than there was a week ago. Although It is
generally admitted that the" formation of tha
worsted trust may bring about some change in
established methods of doing business, it is
realized that even if tha plans of the promoters
of both the worsted and woolen trusts are car
ried to a successful consummation, they will
be able to control less than a half of the
machinery' employed In manufacturing goods,
so that it is acknowledged generally that the
bulk of the wool consumed will continue to be
purchased as it has been. Temporarily, how
ever, there Is more pressure to sell than there
was, and prices are on the whole easy.
The sales of the week In Boston amount to
1,921.000 pounds domestic and 469,500 pounds
foreign, making a total of 2.390,500, against a
total of 1,871,500 for the previous week, and a
t"tal of 1,299,500 for the corresponding week last
year. Sales since January 1, 1899, amount to
41,064,500 pounds, against 88,425,980 pounds last
year at this time.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March 22.— At the wool auction
pales to-day 10.912 bales were offered. Scoured
merinos showed a hardening tendency. There
was an all-around competition for wool, with
pricee fuliy maintained. The American buyers
picked up a few lots suitable for their wants.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. March 22.— Consols. 110%; silver.
27 7-16 d; French rentes. 102f 30c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers indifferent operators; cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; English country
markets, generally 6d cheaper.
LIVERPOOL, March 22. -WHEAT — Firm;
wheat in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady;
French country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 2 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT- Spot, firm; No. 1 red northern
spring. 68 UHd. Futures closed quiet; March,
5a 4%d; May. 5s 4%d; July. 5s 4Mid.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new, 3s
r.Vid- do old 3s 7^. Futures, steady; March,
3s 5%<3; May. 3a 49id; July. 3s 4%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 22.— Clearings, $248.
--126; balances. 156,661.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., March 22.— Wheat— Walla
Walla 56057 c; Valley. 5Sc; Bluestem. 60@61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Mnrch 22.— Wheat— Club, 56V4c;
Bluestem. 594@604c
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84%
| Sterling; Exchange, sight — 4 86% ,
Sterling Cables — 487 |
New York Exchange, eight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraph. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59 • i
Mexican Dollars — 48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— heavy rain offsets a Blight ad
vance East and abroad, and the market remains
unchanged. Business continues dull.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 05@l 07%; milling:,
$110@l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December —
2000 ctl.=. $1 12' i; 4000, $1 12%. May— $1 09.
Second Session — 12,000 ctls. $1 12*4.
Regular Morning Session— May— lo,ooo ctls,
$109%: 4000, $109%. December— $112%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 12%; 24,000. $1 12%. May— SI 09% ; 16,000,
$1 09%.
: BARLEY— heavy and protracted rain
I depressed futures again and kept the spot mar
ket dull, though a few sales were made.
Feed, $1 2001 25; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — o'clock — Seller '99, new
— 400fl ctls. m- .,. ; gOOO, 86% c; 2000, 86%e.
Second Session— Seller '99, new — 4000 ctls, 86%0.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99. new —
i 2000 ctU S6 3 fcc; SOOO. 86% c; 2000, 86c; 50,000. 86'-«c.
December— 2ooo. 89V4c: 6000. 90c; 8000, 89% c.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls.
$8».;e; 2000, S6V6c; 2000, S6c; 2000, 85% c; 200©,
86% c; 8000, 85% c. December— 89%o; 4000,
89c.
OATS — The market has become stagnant since
the rain and no sales of any consequence are
being made. Prices are no lower, but conces- j
sions would have to be made to effect sales.
Fancy Feed, $1 45 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 40©l 42 1 -.: common, $1 32%'gl 37%; Surprise.
$1 46@1 60; Gray. SI 35@1 40; Milling. $1-42% per
ctl; Red, SI & .;1 55: Black. $1 30®l 40.
CORN— Quotations for these goods never
i seem to change nowadays. Trade continues
very dull.
Small round Yellow, $1 25: Eastern large Yel
low. $1100112%: White. $110; mixed, $1 07%@
110 per ctl; California White, $112%.
RYE— sl 10<31 12% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras. $3 8598 90; Oregon and Washington,
?3@3 65 per bbl.
MIL LSTUFFS— in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
•per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50: extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50(34 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buck- <
wheat Flour. $4fff4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. 14 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 5506 95; in sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas.
$4 £.0 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF'S.
There was no Hay market, owing to the rain.
Feedstuffs remained quiet and unchanged.
The circular of Somers & Co. says of Hay:
"The weather lias Interfered with business
»to so great an extent during the last week that
we have nothing much of Interest to report
concerning the hay market at the present time.
The continued dryness and rather light receipts
were causing a considerable movement with
hay and prices were advancing rapidly. Rain
always has a depressing effect on all produce
markets, and as it interferes with the hand
ling of hay we have found during the past two
or three days that prices have dropped back
a bit. more especially as receipts are run
ning somewhat heavier this week than last.
'•Many farmers who would not sell their hay
at any figure ten days ago are now commenc
ing to unload. If all the holders of hay con
clude to get rid of their stocks Immediately
the market will probably be overcrowded and
we will see a? still further decline In prices. If.
however, hay is sent to market slowly and
evenly we will note a firm tone to the market
and possibly an advance of from $1 to $2 per
ton over the present range.
"A careful estimate of the amount of hay in
the country contributory to San Francisco con
vinces us that there is Just about enough to
supply us until the advent of the new crop.
If a greater portion of the hay Is marketed
at once prices will decline temporarily, but
when a shortage Is noted, say In a month's
time from now, hay may Jump up $5 or $6 per
ton. We would not like to see this condition
of affairs, but would ad\'ise all holders of hay
to send In their goods in a moderate manner,
thus Insuring a healthy tone to the market and
helping to bold prices to an even range. Re
ceipts for the past six days have been close to
2200 tons, 400 tons in excess of needs.
"Oregon and Washington have about quit
sending hay to this market, for they find a
better market throughout the southern portion
of the State where stocks of hay are very low.
An occasional straggling shipment of timothy
comes to market, but it does not meet with
much favor." i
BRAN— SI 9 F,0f?20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20 M©2l per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26^37 per
1 ton; Oijcake Meal at th« mill. $31@31 60; Job
bing, $32032 60; Coconnut Cake, $24fij~25; Cot- I
■ ti.nr.eed Meal, $28030 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50 1
(712150; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
. $19 00@20.
CALIFORNIA Wheat. $16®1S for good
, to choice and $14 DO'S 15 60 for lower grades;
, Wheat and Oat, 814017: Oat. $14@16; Island
, Barley, $12£f14; Alfalfa, $10 60012; Stock, $3@
11: Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13@14; Cheat.
$11 Eo@l3: Grass Hay. $9 60@10 50; Oat, $14Q)
. 14 BO; Clover, $10 hoisll 50; Timothy. $11@12 per
ton.
, STRAW-3:.«f70c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The market for all descriptions remains un
changed and quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 75@1 85; Small Whites,
1 $2 10." ( 20; Large Whites, $1 80@l 90; Pinks.
120592 15; Reds. $3 2698 35; Blackeye. $3 75®
3 85: Butters, $2 25@2 50; Llmas, $3 50@3 65; Pea,
1 $2 25<g2 50; Red Kidneys. $2 50@2 60 per ctl.
1 SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 £>o"g4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 75@4; Flax, $2 16<?f2 25; Ca
, nary Seed. 2Vi@2%c per Ib: Alfalfa. &@S%c;
, Rape, 2U<&2%c: Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy* s@sVjc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 65@1 70; Green. J2@
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS .AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 760 bezel Asparagus, 601 boxes
Rhubarb and 130 .sacks Peas. •
Potatoes are still higher and Onions have also
made another advance, being scarce.
The Vegetable market shows no particular
1 change, as the demand about balances the sup
ply.
; POTATOES— SI Do@l 60 per ctl for Early Rose
$1 40@l SO for River Burbanks; Sonoma and
; Marln Burbanks, $1403166 per ctl; Oregon
$1 25@1 60 for seed and $1 60*51 85 for large"
Sweet Potatoes, 76c for River and $1 75@i 85 for
. Merced; New Potatoes, 4c per lb.
ONIONS— 25 per ctl, outside quotation
! for Oregon. .
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. $1 25@1 50 per box
; for No. 2; $1 75®2 for No. 1 and 6@5%0 per lb
, for fancy: Rhubarb, 65c(fr$l 25 per box; Green
• Peas, 4®6c; String Beans, 15c; Cabbage. 40@
60c; Tomatoes, for Los Angeles and •—
--, for Mexican; Egg Plant. 12% c per lb; Gar
lic, B®9o per lb; Dried Ofcra, 15a per lb; Dried.
Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers. ;' Carrots. 26®
35c per sack; Mushrooms. 10@15c per lb; Sum-
I mer Squash, from the South, 15@lSc per lb.
, POULTRY AND GAME.
1 As there was very little Eastern Poultry on
1 the market yesterday local stock was firm and
1 .several kinds advanced. Game was steady.
' POULTRY— Turkeys, 14@16c: live
1 Turkeys, 12<8>13c for Gobblers and 13® 14c for
! Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 754?!; Goslings, $2 25
1 ©2 75; Ducks, $5 BOQ6 for old and $6 604?* for
! young; Hens, $5 50@6 60: young Roosters. $S®9;
, old Roosters. $5 50®8; Fryers. $7@7 60: Broilers
; $«©« 50 for large, $4^5 for small; Pigeons. $100.
; ©175 per dozen for old and $2 25<«2 50 for
, Squabs. •' ■ . _.
1 GAME— Gray Geese. $2 50<I?3: White Geese.- «oc
, @$1; Brant. $1 25@1 75; Hare, $1; Rabbits $1 oO
l for Cottontails and $1 for small; English. Snipe.
$3(g>3 50 per dozen.
\ BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
! There Is no further decline in Butter, but the
market Is very weak with a continued down
ward tendency. Packed goods are nominal, as
they are about cleaned up. Cheese and Eggs
show no change.
' BUTTER-
Creamery— creamery, 20c; seconds,
1 18@I9c.
1 Dairy— Choice to fancy, 16@17c; common
! grades, 15c. . .
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 16@17e; pickled roll, ;
140150 for dairy and 16017 c for creamery |
squares; creamery tub. nominal.
Eastern Butter — Nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll@ll%c; old.
1 10®10Uc; Cream Cheddar, 12@12%c; Young
i America. 11%@12%c; Eastern, 10@12o.
EGGS— Quoted at 14@16c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Arrival of 378 cases Mexican Limes. Oranges
continue quiet with ample supplies. Fine Ap
ples are scarce and firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 75@$1 25 for common. $1 50@l 75 per
j box for No. 1 and $2@2 50 for choice to fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25@3 25
per box: Seedlings. $I@l 75; Mediterranean
Bweets, $1 50@2; Mandarins,. ; Lemons, 75c I
@1 60 for common and $2f?2 50 for good to !
choice: Mexican Limes. $4 SO^S; California
Limes, 75e<g$l per small box; Grape Fruit, $2 ,
<g<3: Bananas. $1 60(S'2 50 per bunch; Pineap- ]
pies, $2@4 60 per dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS".
No further change In anything Is apparent. |
Stocks are too much reduced for any activity. j
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-60* 4% j
@5c for 50-60's, 4(£4%c for 60-70' 3V4@3%c for
70-SO's, 2%@3c for 80-90's, 2hb<Q2Kc for 90-100's j
and 2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, ; |
Peaches. 8%@9%c for good to choice, 10c for
fancy and for peeled; Apricots, 12%@15c !
for Royals and for Moorparks; Evap- I
orated Apples,* B%®9c; sun dried, 5@5%c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2@2%c; Plums, nominal, 2c j
1 for unpltted; Pears, nominal.
j RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4«ie for three
| crown, s**o for four-crown, 4%@6c . for Seed
| less Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels ;
and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, i
2»4®3c.
Chestnuts. 7c per lh; Walnuts. 8©
9c for hardshell, Il(gl2c for softshell; Almonds. ,
708 c for hardshell. 13iffl4c for' softshell, 15@170
for paper shell: Peanuts, 607 c for Eastern and
4%®5c for California: Cocnanuts, $4 5006
HONEY— Comb. 10011 c for bright and S@9c j
for lower grades: water white extracted. 7"4
@7%c: HghJ amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5@5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S327c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bneon, 8c per lb for heavy.
S%@9c for light medium, IOHOIIC for light,
12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10%©llc;
California Hams, 10c: Mess Beef,' $12012 60 per
i bbl: extra Mess Beef, $13 50; Family Beef, ;
$14 50015; extra prime Pork, $12; extra clear.
j $18; mess, $16; Smoked Beef, intone per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 605% C per lb for |
I compound and 7%c for pure: half-barrels,
pure. 7%08c; l -lb tins, B%c: 5-lb tins. B%c.
I COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%'§6%c; packages,
: less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls. 60 In a case, :"-r '
j 3-lb palls, 20 In a case. B%c; 5-lb palls. 12 "in
a case. S%c: 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c;
i f.O-lb tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7 T v'; wooden buck
ets, 20 lbs net. B%c: fancy tubs. K0 lbs net, ;
| 7%c; half-barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell j
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
! steers, lie; medium, 9c; light, B@S%e; Cow
| hides. BHO9c; Stags, fie; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, l".c: culls and brands,
12c: dry Kip and Veal, l.'c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10030 c each; short
Wool, 55060Q each: medium, 70-390 C: long Wool,
90c!g$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 2. »
for large and $1 for small; Colts,- 23050 c for j
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3H®3%c per lb:
No. 2. M(o3c; refined. 4%@5c; Grease. 2®2V4c.
WOOL— Pprlnjr Ollpn — Southern Mountain. 12. I
months. 709 c; Pan .Toaquln and Southern, 7
months. 809 c: Foothill and Northern free. 10
012 c: Foothill and Northern defective, 9011 c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 14015 c; Nevada, 10
@12c: Eastern Oregon, 10@12o.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno 9 <ail
Northern Mountain 7 010
Southern 6 0 7%
Plains 6 ©7
HOPS— crop.' 104911 c per lb for ordinary.
! 12f2?12% for good and 13015 c for choice to fancy
i from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— There l.« rather more tone to the mar
ket since the rains, though there Is no change
In quotations. Calcutta Grain Bags. 6tf@s%c
for June and July; Wool Bags, 26S 1 28 c; San
Quentln Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling
ton, (8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, 16; Coos Bay, IS; Waltaend, }7 50:
Scotch. $8: Cumberland. $8' In bulk and $3 25
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14 '
Cfinnel. $S 60 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 5%Ci Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6%c; Dry - Granulated. Mv: Con
fectioners' A. '<%'•: California A. 4%c; Magnolia
A. 4^c: Extra C. 4%c: Golden C. 4 He; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes. l%c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels )
or its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is no change to report. Packers think
that the rains will tend to cut down the free
shipments of thin hogs, which have lately
depressed the market.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7(?S per lb.
VEAL- Large, fi'',' ( i7i^c: small. 8c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B@B%c; Ewes, 8c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10@12%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. sVi®s%c for small, 6%0 \ _
for medium and s>3's\ic for large; stock Hogs )
and Feeders, 4®4V4c: dressed Hogs, 7@Bc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. i
For Wednesday, March 22.
I Flour, qr sks 8,341 'Chicory, Mils 10
Wheat, ctls 140 j Lime, bbls IS] ,
Rye. ctls 200 Sugar, bbls 200
Butter, ctls 248, Sugar, sks 3,200 ; ;
Cheese, ctls l? 1 "' Hides, no 133
Tallow, ctls 10 Hops, bale 1
Beans, sks 2,738, Wool, bales I!>3 .
Potatoes, sks I,l6s. Quicksilver, flics. 114
Onions, sks 57 Eggs, doz 20.2&0
Bran, sks 210 ; Wine., gals. 44,650 .
Middlings, sks.... 1001 Leather, r0115.... 177
Shorts, sks 05 Pelts, bdls... 402
Hay. tons....: — Hides, no 810
i Straw, tons -5'
OREGON.
Hay, tons 10
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10
THE STOCK MARKET.
The feature of local securities yesterday was
the continued decline- In Faauhau Plantation,
the stock falling to $38 50, subsequently recov
ering to $3.3 25. There was also a decline in
Hana Plantation and Hawaiian Commercial.
Mining stocks were stronger, as will be seen
by the sales.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has de
clared a dividend of CO cents per share, payable
April 1.
The Home- Gold Mining Company of Nevada
County has levied an assessment of 6 cents per
share, delinquent April 24.
Three of the quicksilver mines In this State
have Just submitted reports for the quarter
ending February 28, and have also declared
their quarterly dividends, payable April 1. The
Aetna reports gross receipts of $33,405, operating
expenses of $20,054. making the net earnings
$14,450, out of ■which a dividend of $10,000 has
been ordered, leaving a surplus of $4450 to go.
forward. The Napa Consolidated reports gross
receipts of $65,700 and $32,931 for operating ex
penses, or $32,768 for net, out of which a regu
lar dividend of $10,000 and an extra one or the
same amount have been declared, with a sur
plus of $12,768 to go forward. These dividends
make $1,000,000 for the Napa. The New Idria
reports $43,800 for gross and $22,943 for net re
ceipts, and a regular dividend of $10,000 and an
extra on© of $10,000. with a surplus for the
quarter of $2943. .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, March 22—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I ' Bid Ask.
Bonds— Kquit G L Co. BTi 9
is quar c0up. .113 — I Mutual El Co. 15V4 13%
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 40 49»£
(s quar new... — 129% Pac Gas Imp. — So •
3s quar c0up..107i4108 Pac L. Co.. 48 iS%
Miscellaneous— IS F G & 8.... 83% —
Cai-st Cab 68.115 116 I San Fran ..... 3V4 3ft
Cal Elec L 6s. 125V;i27H Stockton Gaa.. — 14
C C Wat 5s 108 — | Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — iFlrem's Fund. 22o 225
E L & P 65..130 — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 68.116 — Anglo-Cal .... 65 —
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Bank of Cal.. — 238
H C & S 5V4s. — 105 Cal SD & T.. 9S Vb\i
L A L Co 65.. — — First Nation!. 22o 225
Do gntd 65..100V410114 Lon P & A. ..1294133
Market-st 65..12T?i120 iMer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M 06.1154 — jNev Nat 8k...1774 —
N C N (J X 75. 107 — I Sayings -Banks—
NRy Cal 65..113\114i. G er s & L... — 1675
N Ry Cal 68..112%113!,4 Hum S & L.1050 1160
N [' CR R 6s. — 107 Mutual Say. — 414
NPC R R 55.102%103 6 F Say U.. 500 —
N Cal R R 55. 100 — S& L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55.. '.. 109 — Security S B 300 350
Om C Xv 6a...125Vi — Union T Co.. — 1470
P & Cl Ry 65..105^ — Street Railroads—
V&O 6s 117 — California 112 —
Powell-st 65... — 1214 Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry ss. — — I Market-st 64 —
SF& N P 56.111V4 — .Dak SL& H. — —
SF & S JVSs.IIS 116 Presidio 11 —
BlerraßCal S».l64ttlG#4 Powder—
S P of Ar t 0, .112 il2* 4 California ....170 190
SPC 6s (1905)113^114!i E Dynamite... & —
S P C 6s (1906)115 lib', Giant Con Co. 60% 61%
5 P C 6s (1912)1224 — | Vigor! t% Pit
SPCIs eg 55.105 — . Sugar—
5 P Br 6s 125 1254'Hana P C 0.... 17% 174
S V Water 65.11>;-,117v 4 Haw C & S C. 77% —
S V Water 45. 103% — 1 Hutch S P Co. 31 -i 32
S V W45(3dm).101%101%| Paauhau S P. 88V4 384
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 107 Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pac Assn.. lo9 109%
Contra Costa.. 62% 62% Ger. Wk5...250 —
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. lo2',ilo2Vi Oceanic S Co.. 74*4, 75
1 Gas and Electric— I Pac A F A.... 1% —
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor C 0.105. 105 —
Cent Gaslight. — — Par Paint Co.. 74 —
Cent L & P... — .7% I
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Equitable Gas. s 90. 9 00
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 !>74
65 Hana Plantation Co , .. 17 50
55 Hutchinson S P Co 31 50
$500 Los Angeles Light bonds (gntd).. ,...100 75
10 Market-st Railway 64 50
$5000 Oakland Gas 5 per cent 109 00
60 Oceanic S S Co 75 00
60 Paauhau S P Co 3S 00
100 Paauhau 8 P Co 37 75
195 Paauhau S P Co 37 60
50 Paauhau S P Co 37 25
305 Paauhau S P Co 37 no
10 Paauhau S P Co 30 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 25
$2000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 101 60
Street—
$1000 Market-st Ry Con 5 per cent bonds. lls 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
15 Alaska Packers' Association 109 00
25 Equitable Gas 8 874
75 Hana Plantation Co 17 374 ;
25 Hana Plantation Co, 8 90 17 37 W
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 77 25
75 Hutchinson S P Co 31 60
25 Hutchinson S P Co 31 75
160 Hutchinson S P Co 31 8 7 4
25 Mutual Electric Light 15 624 j
60 Oceanic S S Co 74 75
60 Paauhau S P Co 36 60
460 F"aauhau S P Co.< 38 25
200 Paauhau S P Co 38 00
60 Paauhnu S P Co 3S 124
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 00
20 S V Water 102 25
$3000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 101 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
SN^-Powder ". 3*3
300 Vlsorlt Powder 3 00
60 Hutchinson S P Co 52 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 75 00
70 Paauhau S P Co 39 124
25 Hana Plantation Co 18 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Giant Con Co 6100
10 Hana Plantation Co 17 624
20 Hana Plantation Co 17 .SO •
50 Hana Plantation C 0... 17 374
25 Paauhau S P Co 37 124
5 Paauhau S P Co 37 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 20 200 Gould & Curry. 46
100 Belcher Sol 400 Mexican 80
100 Best & Belcher 60 200 Overman 12
400 Challenge 44 50 Sierra Nev 130
300 Chollar 38 1000 Silver Hill 05 I
TOO Con Cal & V...2 20: 400 Union Con 63 ;
.100 Confidence 100 200 Yellow Jacket.. 29
100 Crown Point... 25 1
Afternoon Session..
100 Alta 13: 400 Hale & Norcrs. 3%
200 Andes 21 200 Mexican $4 !
100 Andes 22 100 Ophir 125 |
1100 Belcher 37 600 Overman 13 1
300 Best & Belcher 64 .100 Potosi 32 i
600 Best & Belcher 63, 100 Savage 32
100 Bullion 05' 400 Sierra Nev 1 35
200 Challenge 60 50 Sierra Nev 130
100 liar..: 40) 600 Silver Hill 05
650 Con Cal & V...2 331 200 Union Con 66
4no Con Cal & V...2 40*300 Yellow Jacket.. 35
600 Gould & Curry. 48 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session. ..;'.;..•
200 Andes 21 1500 Gould & Curry. 47
200 Belcher 35 400 Hale & Norcrs. 36 j
SM) Best & Belcher 81 300 Mexican 77 !
300 Challenge' Con. 45' 900 Mexican 80 I
200 Challenge Con. 44 100 Occidental . 31
200 Challenge Con. 43 300 Occidental 32
400 ('hollar 38 fcOO Ophir 120
600 Con Cal & V.2 12' 5 800 Sierra Nev 130
300 con Cal & V...2 15 300 Union Con 62 ;
1100 Con Cal & V...2 20 800 Union Con 65
300 Con Cal & V.2 17 1 ! 400 Utah .... v "2
200 Con Chl & V.2 224 MV> Yellow Jacket.. 28
Afternoon Session.'
200 Alpha Con 10 600 Mexican S2
500 Best & Belcher 62 200 Mexican 83 ;
100 Con Cal & V...2 25 300 Occidental 31
100 Con Cal & V...2 30 1 SO") Ophir '....1 22' 3
700 Con Cal & V.2 324 200 Ophir 125
200 Con Cal & V...L 3.') 300 Overman 14
200 Confidence 105 200 Overman 13
1000 Con Imperial... 01' 200 roioM 32
800 Crown Point... 28 600 Sierra Nev 1 35
100 Gould & Curry. 6(1 800 Union Con 66
300 Gould & Curry. 43 200 Utah 24
300 Hale & Norcrs. 37 1 200 Yellow Jacket.. 32
100 Mexican 8)' 200 Yellow Jacket.. 34
200 Mexican SI I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. March 22—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 09 10 Justice 24 25
Alta 14 15 Kentuck 12 15
Andes 21 22 Lady Wash — 04
Belcher 36 37 Mexican ....... SI »2
Best & Belcher 61 62 Occidental 30 33
Bullion — 06 Ophir 120 125
Caledonia 43 44 Overman ....... 12 14
(hollar 39 41 Potosi 32 33
Challenge Con. 49 60 Savage ......... 32 33
Confidence 100 1 05' Scorpion — 06
Con Cal & V...2 25 2 30 1 Reg Belcher 03 05
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nev 130 135
Crown Point... 29 30 Silver Hill 04 05
Con New York. — 04 Syndicate — OS
Eureka C0n.... 40 — Standard 275 —
Exchequer — 03 Union C0n...... 68 69
Gould & Curry. 48 49; Utah 22 24
Hale & Norcrs. 37 39 Yellow Jacket.. 34 35
Julia 04 O.V ■ :,<;-;;
.■ ♦ »
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William G. Inwood to Maud H. Inwood, lot
on N line of Greenwich street. 1SO:9 W of Lar
kln W L."> by N 137:6; also lot (in W line of
Oct'avla street, 75 S of Greenwich, S 25 by W
100- gift.
1. .in. 10n ami Pan Francisco Bank to Nora M.
Pratt (wife of O. C), lot on O* line of Wash
ington street. 152 X of First avenue, N 12r:S>4.
F 50 S to Washington. W 43:6 M,: $10.
Othello ('. Pratt to same, same: Rift.
Janet A Grlnnell to Louis Weule, lot on E
line of f'app street, 330 N of Nineteenth. N 30
liv X 122:6; $2!'00.
John McTadyen to M. C. Nunan. lot on N
line of Jersey street. 325 W of Castro. W 25 by
N 114- $10.
William O. Koch to Joseph Canepa. lot on W
line Of Mason street, 10«:6 S of Filbert, S 28
by W SO; $10.
H M Hartshorne (by R. I. Wh»lan, late
Sheriff) to William Ede, lot on NE line of
Seventh street, 120 PE of Berry. NE 45:10.
SE 102:6; W HO:SM>. NW 63:8; $4000.
I Newton and Florence S. Rosekrans •to
liaviil I) and John T. Sheehan, lot on NE line
Of Ka'isch Street. 212:6 NW of Folsom. NW
S7 # 8 by NX 112' also lot on NE line of Rausch
Ftrert" 175 NW of FoUom, NW IS:9. NE 112; $1.
Charles H. and Delia A. Athearn to same,
same (two descriptions); $5.
Charles and Amelia C. Cheffers to A. La
chin! lot on E line of Hampshire (Jersey)
street, 285 S of Alameda, S 25:6 by E 100;
QlOVanl and Mary Armanlno to Louis E.
Brunn lot on NE corner of Eighth avenue
nnd Lake street. E 25 by N 72; $10.
Antolne and Grade Borel to Jacques Bau
chou lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 125
N of California street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
C. B. and L. M. Ryer to Albert H. Quatman,
lot on NE corner of Fourth avenue and
Clement street. N 100 by E 32:6; $10.
Edward Klrkpatrlck to Giovanni Capurro.
U.ts 1 2, 6. 6, 10 to 12, 15 to 18 and 32, block
13. West End Map 1; $m.
Estate James G. Fair, by J. S. Angus. T.
G. Crothers and W. S. Goodfellow (executors),
to John and Mary Norton, lot on S line of
Ellert street, 100 E of Benntngton. E 25 by S
576. lot S. block 10, Fair's Subdivision Holly
Tark: $75.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Mary A. Faulk
ner, lot 276, Gift Map 3; $10.
Sewarrt A. Greene to Cordelia L. Dodge, lots
6ft and ROMs, Mock 9, each being 25 by 119:9,
and known as lot 60, block 9, Flint Tract
Homestead, Map filed April 10, 1574, quitclaim
deed; $1000.
George and Lena Radston to Julius Radston
Julia Lauter and Lillie Asher, undivided 21-193
Interest in following: Lot on S line of Sacra
mento street, 16:3 W of Fillmore, W 50 by S
132:6; also lot on N line of Tujk street, 57:6 E of
Leavenworth, E X by N 13. :6; also lot on W
line of Powell street. 25 N of Post. N 23 by W
60- also on SW line of Sixth street. 175 NW of
Folsom. NW 25 by SW SO; also tot on NE line
of Harriet stre€t, 176 NW of Folsom. NW 25
by NE 75; also property In Alameda County
$10.
Rudolph Aich to Katharina Alch (Wife), lot
on N line of Sacramento street. 110 E of Brod
erlck. E 27:6 hy N 127:Si-4; also all interest In
any property In San Francisco; gtft.
Lorenzo C. and Matilda Kelton to John K. C.
Hobbs, undivided half ot lot on N line o£ Üb
erty street. 150 E of Guerrero, E 62:6 by N
U MaVy'A. Schneider to Margaret M. Westwood
(wiie of Charles), lot on S line of 1 wenty
fotuth street. SO W of Noe. W 45 by S 114; $10.
Anna G Dunne to Maurice P. and Margaret
Dunne, lot on NW corner of Twenty-tilth and
Castro street* N 49 by W 80; gilt.
Hibernia- Savings and Loan Society to Delia
Kane, lot on E line Oi Collingwood street. 100
S of Eighteenth, S 2E by X 125; $2100
Simon and Janette Sllverherg to Ruby Hill
Vineyard Company (corporation), lot on i, line
of M.-.son street, 92:6 S of Eddy, S 4o by &
76; $10. .
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
to D'Arcy M. Cashin, lot on \V line of. Taylor
street. 137:£ N of Broadway. N 32, W IT, N 1.
"\V -SO N 2 W 15. S 3, W IS, B 32, E- 100; $10.
■William anrl Annabel Uannan to William I.
Smith, lot on W line of First avenue, 75 S of
California street. S 100. W 120, N "5, E o, N -'■>,
E 115; $10.
Albert Meyer to Alphonzo and Emma Har
rington, lot on N line of I street, 32:6 E of
Tenth avenue, E 25 by N 100: $10.
Henry B. Sheldon to Sigmund Oreenebaum.
lot on SW corner of Thirty-second avenue and
R street. S 47.". by W 240: ftt-
Plgmund Greenebaum. Percy and Emille S.
Beamish to William McCall. lot on W line of
Thirty-second avenue, 125 N of S street, N 47s
by W 240; $10.
Russell J. and Josephine K. Wilson to Nel
lie St. Goar (wife of Henry), lot on S line of
California street '.'Oti.-S W or Octavla, S 137:6.
W 41:4%; N 5«, N 48:1; W 0:l T 4; N 33:5, E 41:7' -
To correct ISOS d 193, recorded February 6. 1898;
$10.
Daniel A. and Mary Kelly (Ross> to Walter
E. Allen lot on N line of Liberty street. 255
W of Dolores. W 25 by N 114; $10.
Mary C and Alfred Rosenhola, Oustave J-.
Francis L.. Annie E. and Elizabeth G. Wacker
to Annie Wacker, lot on W line of Alabama
street. 2RO N Of Twenty-fourth. N 52 by W 100.
qult.laini deed; $10.
John C. M.-Kowen to William R. McKowmi.
lot on E line of Dupont street. 57:6 N of Pine,
N 20 by E 50; $50W.
Annie (i. and Jacob Gardner. Robert W..
Mary F.. John 0., Constance E-. James E. and
Joseph F. Roberts, Margaret 1., and Charles
F. Kinsman. Grace H. and Clark Ppence to
Margaret Roberts, undivided V 4 of the follow
ing: Lot on S line of Natoma street. 80 SW of
Becond 8W 20 by SE B0; also lot on W line of
Bright.' SOO N of Stanley. N 23 by w 100. lot 4".
blork 60, City Land Association: also lot on
S line of Nineteenth street. 155 W of Sanchez,
S 114 by W 50; also property outside of county;
gift
Charles Witte to George W. and Anna J.
Witte. undivided one-sixth of lot on W line
of Georgia street, 210 N of Sierra, N 20 by W
100; also property in Alameda County . $300.
Lars C. and Gusaie I^arsen to Philip Reiliy,
lot on S line of California street, 57:6 W of
Second avenue, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Christina and F. P. Robinson to Mrs. Ade
lalde Stark, lot on W line of Oxford street, 200
S of Olmstead. W 120 hy S 100. lot 3. block lOS,
University Mound Tract: also lot on W line of
Amherst street. -100 N of Mansell. W 12". N K'O.
E 120. lot 3, block 114, same: also lot on W
line of Bowdoin street 100 S of Olmstead. W
120 by S 100, lot 2. block Ilfi, same: $10.
Alameda County.
Peter and Sarah M. Thomson to Leo L.
Nichols, lot on N l!n»- of Thirty-sixth street,
808:6 W or Telegraph avenue. N 150. W to J,
S\V 150:9, E 36 to beginning. Oakland; $10.
Henry and Rose M"hr to Fred V. Wood, lot
on W line of Market street, 13i» S of Twenty-
Elxth, S CO by W 125, block 637. Oakland; $1"."
Fred V. and Laura M. Wood to Charles
Ward, lot on S line of Tenth street, 153:3 E of
Center. E 32 by 8 120, block 662, subject to a
mortgage for $Sj«Kl. Oakland; 510.
James Gamble to W. W. and Almira E.
Burgess, lot on NW corner of Grove and Carl-
Kin streets, N 52, W 106.87, -8 52, E 103.05 to
beginning, being lot 13. block G, Crystal
spring? Tract, Berkeley; $3^o.
Edward D. Judd to Harry L. Cook, lot on S
line of Merchant street, uo E of Vicksburg. E
50 by S 123. being: lot 4, Judd Tract, quitclaim
deed, Brooklyn Township; $1.
D, E. and Emma M. Collins to Henry J. and
Emily Letts, lot or. W line of West street, 80
S o( Apgar, S 50 by \V 1 1«. 64. being lot 7 and
B 24 feel ..f lot 8, block F. Major Given Tract.
Oakland; $10.
Carrie H. Furman to H. H. Plant, lots 1 and
2. block C, Parsons Golden Gate Tract. Oak
land: J475.
James A. and Nannie C. Hardtn to William
A. and Hatti*- M. Bransford, lot on W corner
of Fifteenth avenue and East Seventeenth
street, PW 70 hy NW 28, block 32. San Antonio.
East Oakland; 1600.
Doris H.-Uf-r to Eugene H. Lancel, lot on
NW corner of Louisa and St. Charles streets.
N 55 hy W 14", being portion Teutonia Park
and Homestead, Alameda: $10.
H. C. Morris to Joseph K. Burpee, lot 60,
block 34, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$100.
J. E. Crooks to Bank of Haywards. lot 17.
block 102, apd lots 5, 13 and 19, block 103, Meek
Tract. Hay wards. Eden Township: $10.
George and Louise J. Roeth to Charles Roeth,
undivided one-half Interest In lot on X line of
Sixteenth street, 225 \V of Telegraph avenue,
W 50 by X 105. Oakland; $3500.
Same to same, undivided one-half Interest In
lot on S line of Fifth street. 125 E of Clay, E
50 by S 100, block 44, Oakland; $750.
Eugene and Madaline Calmon to Xavler
Oangloff. lots 10 and 11, block 25. Warner Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $300.
Grace E. Dyer (wife of J. B.). Arthur J. (by
attorney), Clarence M. and James M. Selfridge
(and as attorney) to George Kirk, lot on N
line of Fourteenth street. 110 W of Brush, W
60 by N 125. blork 255. Oakland: $10. --. . ■
Mary B.' Odell to W...W. MlddlecoJT, lot on E
line of Harrison street, 1494 N of Twelfth. N
78 by E 150, lot 14, Alice Park property, Oak
land: $1500.
Edward F. Pelger and Matilda Brown
(executor and executrix of the estate of Fred
erick- Delger) to Ernestlna Delger, all interest
In lot on S line of Fourteenth street, 100 W of
Broadway, W 100 by S 100. beinc lots 10 to 13,
block 190, Oakland; $100,000.
Hllalre Remlllard to Evelena Remillard. lot
on NW corner of Forty-second and Linden
streets. N 200. W 293.25. S 200.92. E 311.82. to be
ginning-, block 2095. Alden Tract at Temescal,
subject to a mortgage for $4000; also lot on S
line of Tenth street. 150 E of Grove, E 50 by
S 100. being lots 12 and 13. block 115, subject to
a mortgage for 12600, Oakland; gift.
James S. Long and Eugene Newell (by com
missioner) to Home Security Building and
Loan Association, lot on N line- of Addison
street 80:8 W of Tenth. W 31:10, N 100. E 34, S
100. to beginning, block 99, Tract B. Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; $1067.
William B. Furman to Carrie H. Furman,
lot R. block 3. Herzog Tract, Oakland: gift.
Marie E. Starratt to Joseph R. Kaelln. lot
on W line of Marion street. 624 N of Four
teenth. N 50 by W 115.95. being lots 44 and 45.
HemphiU Tract, Brooklyn Township, quitclaim
deed: $1. .
Charles P. and Rachel McCall to Pauline
Sanders lot on NW corner of Thirtieth street
and Telegraph avenue, W 127.90. N 100. E 2S, S
32, E 100, S 88, to beginning, block 2035, Row->
land Tract, Oakland: $10.
Catharine Yon Borstel to John T. Jordan, lot
on W line of Chester street, 341:1% X of Middle,
N 42 W 115, S 45. E 122. to beginning, Oak
land;' gift.
J. E. and Elsie A. McElrath to Mary Moody
(wife of V. D.). lots 2S and 29, block 2093; lots
9 10 and 18, block 2096, and fractional part of
lot 24. block 2099: lot 28. block 210S;. lot 32.
block 2095; lots 1 to 5, block 2117, map of Alden
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Joseph M. and William 08. Macdonough.
Agnes M. Agar (wife of J. G.) and John G.
Agar (trustees of the estate of Joseph Mac
donoush) to Frank R. Oirard, lot on NE cor
ner of Thirty-second and Grove streets. E 100
by N 150, being lots 19. 20 and 21, block 2043.
Rowland Tract. Oakland; $3300.
Myer and Solomon Lewis to W. C. Alckley,
lot on N line of East Fifteenth street, 225 E
of Twenty-second avenue. E 37:« by N 150,
block 62, San Antonio, East Oakland; $5.
W. C. Aickley to Annie Bond, same, quit
claim deed. East Oakland; $10.
Drury B. and Mattle Parker to R. W. La
Fortune, lot on S corner of East Twenty-eighth
street and Twelfth avenue, SW 43:11314 by SE
84. being lot 1 of subdivision lot 31, Templeton
Tract. East Oakland; $700.
Mary A. Bowen to Charles A. Bowen, all of
block 61. Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, except lot on W line
of San Pablo avenue, 133:8 N of Delaware
street, N 50 by 135, Berkeley: gift.
J. Armstrong to Lee C Mayhew, lot on E
line of Spring street, 30.7 8 of Vine. S- 42 by 135.
block 3, Berkeley View Homestead, Berkeley;
$10.
Pacific Bank to H. U. Maxfleld. all interest
In lots 10 to 13. block 113: lots 24 to 27. block 3.6.
Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association; also lots 4 and 5, block 113,
same. Berkeley: $10.
Horace W. Carpentler (by attorney) to same
lots 10 and 11. block 113; lots 5, 26 and 27, block
36, Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Im
provement Association, quitclaim deed, Berke
ley: $5.
H. U. and L. B. Maxfleld to Horace W. Car
pentfer. lots 12 and 13, block 113. and lots 4 24
and 25. block 36, Tract B. Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association. Berkeley $5
F. F. Dodge to G. W. Schwelnhard and a'
H. Dolg, lot 23, Turnbull Tract, subject to
mortgage, Brooklyn Township; $10.
• G. W. and Mary E. Schwetnhard to Mary li
Ironside, lots 106 to 110, map of resubdlvlsion
lot 11, Baker subdivision lot 1, Yoakum Tract
subject to a mortgage for $3000. Brooklyn
Township; $SCO.
Augusta M. Palmer to- Sarah C. Hatch lot
on X line of San Pablo avenue. 55-6 N of
Twenty-seventh street, N 55:6, E 124 :S. S 50 W
100:8 to beginning, being lots 3 and 4. block
2025, Whitcher Tract, map 2. Oakland; $50.
Catherine yon Borstel to John T. Jordan lot
on \V line of Chester street. 341:1 2-3 N of Mid
dle. N 42. W 115:6. S 42, E 122 to beginning
Oakland: gift.
W. C. Aickley to Annie Bond, lot on N line
of East Fifteenth street, 125 E of Twenty
second avenue, N 150' by E 37:6, East Oak
land; $10. •
Joseph P. and Rose G. Hnller to Peter and
Anna M. Bangs, lot on W line of Sixth etre,-f
155 S of Addison. S 25 by W 132, block 1% Sls
terna Tract. Berkeley; $326.
Mattie and W. Tnpham to Commercial Rank
lot on N line of Durnnt avenue, 150 E of Fuitnn
street. E M by N 110. being portion of block n
College Homestead. Berkeley; $200 '
First National Bank of Oakland to Elizabeth
K. Tompklns. Sarah H. Burns and Juliet Wll.
bor, lot on N line of Stanley road distant NW
20:02 feet from E extremity center line land, of
county of Alameda used as public road' then™
SE 40.01, BW 20. NW 1372. NE 2229:3 120 fi
SE 1237:1 to beginning Brooklyn Township- jio
Albert S. Woodbrldße to Harriet T. ray lot
on E line of Sunnyslde street. 294.32 N of Bnv
View avenue N M by E 135. block 34. Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $200 ««>er
Emll LlndqulPt to W. W. Van Arsdal,- and
G^ l ? c , • Scott - lot 2S - block B - amended map
of Christlania Tract, Berkeley; JlO ■ P
Joanna and D. P. Barnett to William Corbln.
lot on NW lino of ones street, 150 SW of
(wife of t. VVW of Fruit vale avenue. W
ftWST&eS a£rtfon of Church Tract.
Brooklyn Town*h' pn: * Caßtie to James F.
WSXSBm
to a mortgage for £600; ?10
--~
t
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
a V....1, nr the United States Hydrographlc
mariners without regard to nationality ana
'^av^rTare cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept.Oß hand
for comparison and reference and the^ '»»'«
Information can always be obtained regaring
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce. Ferry
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market 'street, is hoist ed
about ten minutes before noon and popped at
Orn ro;ice rs'ta?.) nTw lh^h n c d r t^'ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any Is Published
in the morning papers the following da.^ it
<• - - Lieutenant. U. S. N , in charge. _
SUN. MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point,
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURBDAT. MARCH 23.
Sun rises ° : !*»
Sun sets V-e' V. m
Moon sets 3 5S P- m ;
O I
p ■ .
a
23 ...
24 ...
! 25 ...
26 ...
27 ...
28 ...
29 ...
3:02
3:3S
4:11
4:46
5:23'
6:021
O:ll|
2.4
1.9
1.4
l.Oj
0.5 l
0.2
| 5.7
Ft.
9:01
9:46
10:29
11:10
11:64
12:41
6:4»|
Ft.
4.8'
4.8
4.9
4.9
4.9
4.S
0.0
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
LW H W
3:16 0.8 10:94 6.t
3:48 1.0 10:28 5.»
4:16 1.1 10:50 5.2
4:47 1.3 11:15 6.5
6:20 l.oi 11:41 5.«
5:55 1.9
1:31 4.71 6:34 l.t
XOTE— In the rfbove exposition of the tides
' the early morning tides are given In the left
1 band column and the successive tides of the
i day in the order of occurrence as to time. ■ Tha
: second time column gives the second tide or
th* day the third time column the third tide
| and the last or right hand rnlumn gives th«
last tide of the day. except where there are but
! three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
i United States Coast Survey '-harts,
when a minus slen (-) precedes the h eight.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. J^_. pl *" t e ,. r^
■ reference is the mean of the lowr lo^ naters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographl- Office. V. P. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, fal..
The" time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
buildin* was dropped at exactly noon t°-day
i c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean Hggf OHBfl
LiAutenant. T. P. N.. in charg".
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
I,eelanaw (Seattle Mar. »
Weeott Coos Bay gar. ; 3
Orizaba Newport Mar. 23
Point Arena.... Point Arena ....Mar. .3
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 23
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 23
Townsend Coquille River Mar. 23
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 23
Bristol I Departure Bay Mar. 24
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Mar. ->
Santa Rosa San Diego .. Mar. 2->
Doric China and Japan j Mar. lo
Ettrickdale China and Japan Mar. 25
Aloha Point Arena Mar. 26
Alliance Portland Mar.
Chilkat Humholdt Mar. 25
Willamette Seattle ; M ar. 25
State of Ca1.... Portland Mar . ->■
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 28
Coquille River. l Grays Harbor Ma r ..7
Coos Bay (Newport « a I;4
Crescent City... Crescent City Mar. 27
Australia Honolulu L"— i Mar. ffl
rmattlla Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 2S
Curacao Mexico Mar. 29
Corona !San 1>1p(?o Mar. 23
City of Sydney. Panama ....Mar. 20
Columbia I Portland IMar. 31
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
■ Steamer. Destination. sans. t-ier.
Corona ..TT.fSan Dle*o Mar. 23. 11 am Pier 11
Costa Blc«. Acapulco Mar 23. 12 m ( PM!>S
TYeeott . . . .ITaqulria Bay. Mar 24. 5 rm'Pfr IS
Columbia ..iPortland jMar. 24. 10 amiPler 14
Pomona ....|Humboldt Mar. 25. 2pm Pier 9
Orizaba ....{Newport ! Mar. 25. 9 am: Pier U
China jChina&JapanjMar. 25. 1 pm PMSS
Pt Arena.. 'Point Arena.. Mar. 25. 3 pm'Pier 3
Arcata Jcoosßay ! Mar. 25. 10 amlPier 13
Chilkat .... Humboldt Mar. 27. 2 pmlPipr 18
Walla Wall 1 Vie & P«t Sd. Mar. 27. in am Pier 9
Santa RosaiSan PlPgo.... : Mar. 27. 11 am Pier U
Colon IPanama Mar. 2S. 12 m TM^S
Cooe Bay ..^Newport I Mar. 20. 9am Pier 11
State Ca'l...; Portland iMar. 2^. l'Um Pi^r 2*
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. March 22.
Stmr Mlneola, David. 89 hours from Nanalmo.
Stmr Brunswick, Andersen. 32 hours from
s Ital ship Caterina Accame. Bellando, 140 days
from Cardiff.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 84 hours from
Schr Transit, Jorgensen, 18 days from Hono-
U>lU ' CLEARED.
Wednesday, March 23.
Ptmr Alameda. Yon Oterendorp. Sydney, via
Honolulu; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br ship General Roberts. Fearon, Cape Town,
via Port Hownsend: J J Moore & Co.
Bark J D Peters, Klllman, Orca: Paclflo
Steam Whalinsr Co.
Schr Duxbury, Adler, Orca: Paclflo Steam
Whaling Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, March 21.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson. Greenwood.
Wednesday. March 22.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefield, Tacoma.
«Mr Chilkat. Anderson. Eureka.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen. Victoria and Port Town
send.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, Point Arena, etc.
Ptmr Liiella, Miller, Tillamook.
Schr James A Garfleld, Lewis. Willapa Har
bor.
Schr Eureka, Asplund, Cnquille River.
Schr Gem, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Schr Viking, Peterson, Coos Bay.
CHARTERS.
The Alcalde loads lumber at Grays Harbor
for Kahulul. ';"•-'
SPOKEN.
March 13, lat 4S N. long 23 W— bark In
verurle, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 22. 10 p m— Weather
Weather thick; wind BE; velocity 30 miles.
* DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW — Sailed March 22— Schr
Comet, for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed March 21— Stmr Arcata.
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed March 22— Schr Peerless, for
San Francisco. 'v\«- ■•■
NEWPORT Arrived March 22— Stmr Pa
sadena, from Eureka.
CLALLAM BAY— In port March 22— Bkta
Northwest, from Olympla, for San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived March 22— Stmri Se
quoia and Noyo, hence March 21.
GREENWOOD — Arrived March 22 — Stmr
Whitesboro, hence March 21.
MONTEREY— Arrived March 22— Stmr Ruth,
from Usal. «|**SW
PORT LOS ANGELES Arrived March 22—
Aus stmr Slam, from Comox. ■ 6&
EUREKA- March 22— Stmr Pomona,
for San Francisco.
Arrived March 22 — Stmr North Fork, hence
March 21: stmr Hueneme, hence March 21.
NEAH BAY— Passed in March 22— Schr Ex
celsior, hence March 8, for Port Blakeley.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived March 22— Ship
Glory t>f the Seas, hence March 10.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March 22— Stmr George W
Elder, for San Francisco; bktn Omega, for
Mollendo.
VENTURA— March 22— Stmr George
Loomls, hence March 21.
Sailed March 22— Stmr George Loomis, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 22— Stmr City of
Topeka; from Dyea; stmr Santa Cruz, from
Juneau.
Sailed March 22— Stmr Excelsior, for Un-
Alaska. '■..'•*
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In March 21— Br
ship James Kerr. from Hlogo; schr Endeavor,
from Honolulu, for Tacoma.
Arrived March 22— Brig Courtney Ford, from
San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LONDON— March 21— Br ship Al
cldes, hence Oct 17.
HONGKONG— Arrived March 21— Br stmr
Empress- of China, from Vancouver.
PORT NATAL— Arrived March Ship Ken
nebec, from Moodyvllle.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 21— Stmr City
of Peking, hence March 1.
TYNE— In port March 12— Br ship Clan Mac
pherson, from Seattle, for Swansea.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed March 22— Stmr CuHc
for New York: stmr Corlnthla. for Boston:
stmr Belgenlnnd. for Philadelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed March 22 — Stmr
Trave, for New York.
Arrived March 22— Stmr St Paul from New
York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived March 22— Stmr Wer
kendam, from New York.
NEW YORK— March 22— Stmr St Louis
for Southampton; stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool;
Btmr Kensington, {or Antwerp.
- ...-•:.■SAILING OF
THE ALAMEDA
FOR AUSTRALIA
Loaded With Goods for
the Southern Isles.
REGULARS OFF FOR MANILA
TRANSPOET CITY OF PUEBLA TO
SAIL SATURDAY.
Steamer Captain Weber in Commis
sion Again — Wages on Vessels
of the Sugar Fleet Cut
to §25.
•; The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda got away for Australia at an early
hour this morning. She was to have sail
ed at 10 p. m. yesterday, but owing to the i
non-arrival of the English mall it was \
nearly daylight before she got away.
About sixty cabin and thirty-five steerage
passengers went away with the mail
steamer. Colonel C. Compton, U. S. A.,
was a passenger to Honolulu. He is go
ing there to look after the garrisoning of
the islands.
• The Alameda took away a very large j
cargo of merchandise. She has aboard j
goods for Australia. Hawaii, New Zeal
and, Samoa, Fiji, Tonga and even the
Cape of Good Hope. There are large con
signments of canned goods, hops, bicycles
for almost every point In the southern
seas, machinery, beer, cigarettes and to
bacco, wine, fertilizers and almost every
conceivable kind of merchandise.
The river steamer Captain Weber is j
back in commission again. She broke her
shaft while on her way to Stockton about i
a month ago and has been laid up for re
pairs ever since. She is to be fitted with
steam steering gear and other labor-sav
ing devices, and when completed will be j
one of the finest steamers on the San j
Joaquln River.
The steam whaler Grampus is fitting
out for a three years' cruise in the Arc
tic. The majority of the whaling fleet
has got away, but all expect to be back
next November or December at the latest.
The Grampus, however, will winter on.
the mouth of the McKenzie River, and
next spring a : new crew and supplies will
be taken up to her.
The ship J. D. Peters, fitted out for a
voyage to the canneries at the Arctic Oil
Works was to have sailed yesterday, but
things could rot be got ready in time, so
ehe will leave to-day. There were lively
times aboard during the day, as nearly
ail the flsherr en were more or less under
the Influence >f liquor and navigation
was not g00d..: , * ♦», iio,
\V J. Cronin's claim against the Har
bor Commissioners was adjusted yester
day Cronin *md the board disagreed
ovef the amount to be raid for work
done on the nAw ferry depot. The differ
ence amounted to $1500. and Cronin
brought suit t6 recover it. Yesterday the
Commissioners decided to pay. the amount
and thus end the matter. . i
\bout one hundred soldiers arrived
from the East yesterday and were
marched aboard the steamer City of Pue
bla. The remainder of the men who are
to go to Manila on the transport will ar
rive to-morrow and the vessel will get
away Saturday in company with the
Charles Nelson. The Zealandla is now al
most ready and steam will be got on
her boiler* Saturday. She will probably
get away Saturday week.
c W Daley freight clerk on the Oceanic
wharf had an experience yesterday that
"wfilnotWel for many moon?.. He
was at tie head of the wharf, measur
ing some freight which was to be shipped
on the Alameda, when the telephone bell
rang A female, voice asked for the .
clerk, and Daley was sent for in a hurry.
He made his way up the wharf at a 2:40 i
gait, only to find that it was one of the
Alameda 1 s lady passengers who wanted
to know if the rain would delay the sail
ing of the mail steamer. A blue streak
followed the usually good tempered
freight clerk to the head of the wharf,
where he resumed his work In silence.
In future the rate of wages on all ves
sels of the sugar fleet will be $25 a
month. That is the rate paid on Welch
&, Co.'s vessels for months past, but Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co.'s and the J. D.
Spreckels & Bros. Co.'s captains have
been paying ?30 right through the winter
months." The cause for the change came
last Washington's birthday. The men on
the $30 a month vessels took a holiday, in
ppite of the rush, while the men on the
125 a month fleet had to work. In conse
quence the bark Albert and the barken
tines S. N. Castle and S. G. Wilder will
or.ly pay $25 a month when they ship for
this cruise. •:• - .
The British ship James Kerr arrived
last Tuesday at Port Townsend from
Kobe, Japan, in the splendid time of 27
days. ___^_
STRICKEN WITH BLINDNESS.
Thomas Murphy, a Tanner, Found {
Wandering Around in the Bain.
mas Murphy, a tanner, 29 years of
t • found wandering aimlessly I
Ground at Third and Mission streets yes- |
trrday morning in the rain by Policeman
John O O'Connor that
lid nut see and O'Connor sent him
to th<- Receiving Hospital. Dr. Bunnell
found that Murphy was suffering from
conjunctivitis of both eyes, which in plain !
a an aggravated case of gran- j
ulation. He lives at 1450 San Bruno- road
• to the City and County
Hospital for treatment.
Murphy said that five years ago, while
employed on a cattle range in Eastern
re Injured by alkali
dust, and Bince then it had cost him $2000
GRAPE-NUTS.
•••••••••••••••••••••ft
| Little I
| Folks |
S Like the §
I New Food •
• •
I Grape= I
I Nuts. {
© 9
••••••••«•••••••••••••
INSTINCT.
Boy Knows the Kind of Food He
... Needs.
A grocer in the suburbs of Chicago
has a son about six years old who has
been kept in the country with an aunt
a goodly part of the time, owing to his
p'utiy. half lifeless condition.
• -Thfe last summer when the little
, chap/returned home, he was round, fat
and hearty, but when he sat down to
his father's table, he refused the meat
and potatoes and demanded Grape-
Nuts, the ready cooked food.
The" grocer knew about Grape-Nuts,
end had been selling them over his
counter, but it never occurred to him
to use them at his own table. It was
found upon inquiry that the boy began
to Improve as soon as he was put on
Grape-Xuts by his aunty, and that the i
evidence of the value of the food was
shown by his condition.
It is needless -to say the grocer
supplied Grape-Nuts to his little boy,
without further question, and the entire
family have now Joined the Grape- i
v uts army. . '
CAUGHT IN A TREACHEROUS STORM.
THE British bark Strathdon. which arrived Tuesday night, made a quick passage from Newcastle,
NSW beating the American barks Sonoma, now out ninety-three days, and the Prussia,
out eighty-nine days. The captain reports that in latitude 28 south, longitude 148 west, "very
unsettled and stormy weather was experienced, with very treacherous rain squalls." On February Ka the
bark was becalmed off Pitcairn. but although the islanders burned beacon fires at night, no communi
cation could be held, as the island was twenty-three miles away. All went well after that until the Strath
don was off the coast of California, when she ran into a northwest gale, "with hurricane squalls and a very
high, confused sea." The Strathdon is coal-laden.
for treatment. He was out Tuesday and
got his feet wet and supposes that it had
an effect on his eves, as that night he was
unable to see. He went out yesterday
hoping that the open air might restore his
sight.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, ■with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
ILLNESS FOR ONE,
OLD AGE THE OTHER
ERASMUS PETERSON
DESIRES TO DIE
ERASMUS PETERSON, an old
man without money or friends,
attempted to hang himself in his
room, 625 Merchant street, Mon
day afternoon. He twisted a rope
round a nail in the wall and tied the
other end round his neck after climb-
Ing on top of a chair. Then he kicked
the chair from under him, and was
slowly strangling to death when his
landlady noticed him and raised an
alarm. A watchmaker on the oppo
site side of the street cut the old man
down and cut the rope in pieces so
that he could not make another at
tempt.
Tuesday the old man went to the
California street station and was
locked up, as he said he was afraid
he would do himself harm. Yesterday
morning Judge Mogan was disposing
of the "drunks" at the City Prison
and when the old man, with his long:
gray beard, stepped forward the
Judge said. "I^et him go."
"I don't want to go," replied the old
man. "I was not drunk, sir, but gave
myself up, as I was afraid I would
kill myself. I want to be sent to an
insane asylum, as my mind is giving
way and I will be prevented from kill
ing myself."
The Judge was surprised at the old
man's earnestness and ordered him to
be locked up till inquiries could be
made about him. He will probably be
sent to the Almshouse.
Peterson, when seen later, said that
he was a tailor, but old age and sick
ness had kept him from doing much
work. He had tried to hang himself
Monday and would do so again if he
trot the chance. His boots were full
of holes and he wore the last of his
clothing. He had lived in this city
for the past twenty years and his wife
and children had all died and been
buried here. He has a frightened
look in his eyes that betokens ap
proaching insanity. He said he would
prefer to be sent to an asylum, but
the Almshouse would do.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 1599.
Easter Novelties.
The prettiest display of Easter cards
and novelties ever seen here are on ex
hibition at Cooper's, on Market street.*
When a fish has lost any of its scales
by a wound or abrasion they are never
renewed.
MRS. META HARRIS
SHOOTS HERSELF
MRS. META HARRIS, the
daughter of the late "W. H.
Haight, a prominent Mormon at
Farmington, Utah, attempted to
commit suicide early yesterday morn
ing in her room at 8 Mason street by
shooting herself in the left breast.
She is at the Receiving Hospital and
the chances are that the wound will
prove fatal.
About 3 o'clock yesterday morning
Mrs. Reynolds, who Occupies a room
adjoining the one occupied by Mrs.
Harris, heard the report of a pistol
shot. She could not definitely fix the
location of the shot and paid no more
attention to the circumstance. Mrs.
Irwin, the landlady, had occasion to
go into Mrs. Harris' room shortly be
fore 10 o'clock and was shocked to
find her lying on the floor in her
nightrobe, with blood stains on the
front of her robe. The police were
notified and Mrs. Harris was sent to
the hospital in the ambulance. Drs.
Weil and Rinne found that the bullet
had entered the left breast, but they
were unable to locate It. They ex
pressed the opinion that the wound
was dangerous and might result fa
tally. Captain Bohen detailed Detec
tives Dlnan and Crockett to inquire
into the case, and on searching the
room they found the revolver in the
bureau with one chamber empty.
Mrs Harris admitted that she had
fired the shot. She had been a suf
ferer from rheumatism for a long
time and it made her despondent.
She bought the revolver with the in
tention of killing herself, and it was
the report of the shot that Mrs. Rey
nolds heard about 3 o'clock In the
morning. From that time till the
landlady had discovered her she had
been lying on the floor in a seml-con
scious condition.
Mrs. Haight, the young woman s
mother, as Bhe is only 24 years of age,
and her niece were also living in the
house. Mrs. Haight and the niece
came here about two months ago with
the object of taking Mrs. Harris home
to Farmington, Utah, but she had
been so bad with rheumatism that
she could not stand the Journey.
CAUGHT AFTER
FIVE YEARS
Arrest of a Negro for an
Atrocious Murder.
Eoeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 22.— James Bill
ings, a negro ex-convict, was arrested
in Brooklyn to-day on the charge of
having killed Susie Martin In the dis
trict known as "'Hell's Kitchen." in
1894. Billings' arrest was brought about
by the confession of William Johnson,
a negro convict -whose sentence at Sine
Sing has just expired.
The Susie Martin murder created a
great sensation. She disappeared from
her home, 656 Eleventh avenue, on
March 8, 1594. Eleven days later her
headless and limbless body was found
In a Thirty-ninth-street cellar, the
Identification being made by a portion
of her clothing.
Almost a year later, on March 6.
1895, the little girl's skull was discov
ered In a heap of rubbish in a cellar
at 459 West Forty-sixth street. De
tectives worked night and day. but
failed to discover the murderer. Now
Johnson says that the murderer con
fessed to him soon af;er the crime.
The guilty man, according to John
son's story, came to his house about
a week before the girl's mutilated body
was discovered. His clothing was cov
ered with blood, and he said he had
been in a fight in "Hell's Kitchen."
Johnson says he gave the man a clean
shirt and a pair of trousers and the
blood-stained clothing was carried
away.
After Susie Martin's body had been
discovered, Johnson declares, his friend
confessed to him. The man said he
was intoxicated when he met the girl
in Thirty-ninth street. He dragged
her into the cellar, and after assault
ing her, choked her to death and then
cut up her body so nobody could tell
who she was.
Harry Diamond's Death.
Harry W. Diamond, who was wounded
In the abdomen by the accidental dis
charge of a shotgun while hunting near
"Washoe Lake, Nevada, on March 12, died
In the German Hospital, In this city, last
Tuesday. The Coroner held an inquest
on the 'remains at 9 o'clock last Tuesday
night. A verdict of accidental death was
rendered. The deceased was 17 years old.
Artists' materials, house and floor
paints and fine bath enamels cheap at
Sanborn & Vall's. •
Porous Rrasxeiis
Do You Use Plasters?
You want the best, the one that relieves
and cures. Which is it? Allcock's!
Why ? Try it, smell it, compare its fine
aromatic odor with the smell of all other
plasters. They all smell alike, a nasty,
sweetish odor because they are made of
cheap materials. We guarantee Allcock's
Porous Plasters to be made of the high-
est priced and purest of drugs. Don't be
buncoed. Get the — Allcock's.
"AIDA" GIVEN
ANOTHER FINE
PRESENTATION
Gadski Repeats Her
Former Triumph.
CEPPI BETTER THAN EVER
BIG CROWD TURNS OUT TO THE
BOSTONIANS.
Comment and News of the Regular
Bills to Be Seen at the
Various Local Play
houses.
Thepe was not a crush at the opera
last night, but the crowd was some
what larger than the one that attended
the first production of "Aida," and the
performance was, as before, an enthusi
astic success. The curtain was rung up
eight times at the close of the third act
to a wild accompaniment of hand-clap
ping, boot thunder and bravos. The
cast was the same as at the other per
formance, with the exception of one
change: Rains replaced Boudouresque
in the part of the High Priest; and this
young American basso acquitted him
self with dignity and strength. Ceppi's
Radames was even better than before;
Qadski lived up to her earlier triumph
as Aida, and Olitzka, Bensaude and
Stehman contributed industriously to
the night's entertainment. Although
the crowd was not a huge one, there
was a long line of carriages— a double
row that extended from Third street to
Mission near Fifth. A big crowd will
be in attendance to-night, when Melba
will sing Juliet for the first time here.
De Lussan will repeat her Carmen to
morrow night, and for the farewell per
formance of Saturday afternoon Melba
and Chalia will appear in the double
bill of "Lucia" and "Pagliacci."
Notwithstanding several changes in
the company and the grand opera com»
petition, the Bostonians are making out
a big week in "Rob Roy." The Colum
bia was packed last night and the line
of carriages stretched a block on both
sides of Powell street. The piece will
easily run another week.
Around the corner at the Tivoll there
Is still more opera— that jovial master
piece of Gilbert and Sullivan, "The Mi
kado," which is attracting moderate
audiences. There will be a week's re
vival of the "Bohemian Girl," com
mencing Monday, and after that the
big Easter spectacle.
At the Alcazar the farce by the un
usual title of "Nerves" is playing to
good attendance.
The Alhambra is rapidly building up
a clientele of its own and bids fair for
permanent popularity. The present bill
is "La Belle Mario," with Agnes Hern
don in the double role, supported by the
regular stock company.
Half a dozen opera companies could
not stop the rush to the Orpheum,
where there are a bunch of new vaude
ville turns and a crush every night.
Several weeks ago it was suggested
in this column that the Chutes manage
ment vary the agony of "amateur
night" by exposing the novices in an
amateur cake walk. Since then these
cake walks have become a wonderful
feature and another one will be given
to-nißht. Great is the power of the
press! _______———
ACTS OF AN INSANE WOMAN.
Mrs. Sarah Vogelsang Tried Twice
to Set the House on Fire.
Mrs. Sarah Vogelsang, wife of Mark
Vogelsang, a laborer for the Street De
partment, living: in the rear of 287 Minna
street, was locked up in a padded cell in
the Receiving Hospital yesterday after
noon.
She has been laboring under a mild
form of Insanity for the past two yours,
and for the sake of his three young chil
dren the husband did not like to pond her
away Twice recently she attempted to
burn the house by sprinkling coal oil over
the floors and petting fire to it, but no
serious damage was done. Yesterday she
became violent and broke all the windows
in the house and smashed some of the
furniture.
Vogelsang was sent for and he had her
taken to the Receiving Hospital. As the
rain was pouring into the house through
the broken windows he took the three
children and went with them to the City
Prison where Officer McMurray of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children saw him und arranged for their
care till he could get the home fixed for
them again.
POSTAL REFORMS
IN PORTO RICO
No More Tampering
With Letters.
OFFENDERS TO BE PUNISHED
EVILS OF SPANISH MISRULE
DISAPPEARING.
Natives Return to Their Avocations
and Are Prosperous and Con
tent Under New Con
ditions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 22.
Acting Postmaster General Heath to
day received a personal letter from
Captain W. H. Elliott, director of posts
of Porto Rico, relating to his experi
ences on an official tour of the island,
which he has Just completed. Director
Elliott said the people were incredulous
when he told thorn that sealed letters
would be sacred in the mails, and that
any one who meddled with mail in tran
sit or in possession of the Government
would be severely punished. He said
the Porto Ricans intrusted to the mails i
only unimportant letters, never mailing |
any matter regarded as private or valu- j
able, as the mails had frequently been i
rifled.
The municipal authorities in the j
island, Captain Elliott reports, regard
their relief from the trouble and ex
pense of carrying the mails as the
greatest blessing. The municipal au
thorities have been compelled to carry
the mails without compensation as a
sort of interchange of governmental
courtesy, an imposition required .by the
general laws of the island.
The people, says Captain Elliott, have |
returned to their regular avocations
and in the farming communities the
crops are in fine prospect and the peo
ple expect to be prosperous. All are
greatly pleased with the coming of
American rule. Director Elliott says the
report of dissatisfaction or danger of
rebellion among the people is untrue;
they are entirely satisfied with Ameri
can rule and regard it as a blessing.
Railroad Across the English Channel.
The English Parliament Is considering the
plan of connecting that country with France
by railway. Engineers say a roadbed can be
laid on the bottom nf the English Channel,
and by mounting trestlework on wheels, bo
that It projects above the water, the railway
can be operated. This seems beyond belief,
but it is perhaps no more remarkable than
some of the cures accomplished by Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters In bad cases of dyspepsia. In
digestion and constipation. This is an age of
wonderful achievements.
EYE GLASSES
CHEAPER.
We have them, but. like everything else
cheaper, not as good— nor have they the clip
that doesn't slip, tilt or waver, fall or hurt.
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on premises. Quick repairing.
Phone Main 10.
nnnPiAM^^ APPARATUS.
OPTICIANS .
642 Market St. instruments
inaiiriioii'"' p.r.rv~>.
QUICK REUEF, SURE RELIEF*
■BROWN'S iFflUCSliai TfooHos
For Doughs and Golds*
.Fae-Slmile Jiff/? */ on every
•Sijnatura of trt&utj '*&*»"'&*, box.
"At Auction!
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY MARCH 28, 1899
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market St.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
South Bide (2111) Jackson St.; 137:6 west of
Laguna; 87:6x137:6; large, elegant residence of
10 rooms and bath; modern In all details; fine
view.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
Southwest corner (11) of Piedmont nd Ep-
stein sts.; 50x125; a nice house of 6 large
sunny rooms, bath and basement; an unsur-
passed marine and inland view.
SHIPLEY STREET INVESTMENT.
Northwesterly side (254-56) of Shipley St.. 350
feet northeasterly from Sixth; 25x75; 4 nice
flats of 3 rooms each; rents $36; all in Al con-
dition.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS FRENCH FLATS.
West line (28) De Long aye., 200:3 south of
Waller St.; 25x80; 4 French flats of 3 rooms and
bath each; rents $43.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
North side (565) Liberty St., 155 feet east of
Castro; 25x114; new modern house of 8 rooms,
bath and basement; up to date In all details;
beautiful view of the counties and ocean.
TWENTY-THIRD STREET FLATS.
North side (3856-88) Twenty-third 6t., 40:6
east of Sanchez; 25x90; 2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms,
bath and separate basement; rent $33.
MISSION HOME.
West side (842) . CarP St., 80 feet north of
Twenty-fourth; 20x55; 2-story house of 7 room*
and bath; high basement; In good condition. .
O'FARRELL STREET RESIDENCE.
North side (1726) O'Farrell St., 137:6 east of
Stelner; 21:3x137:6; 2-story house of 7 rooms,
bath and basement; rent $30. ■
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
North side (2422) Geary st., 62:6 east of Lyon;
25x137:6; nice cottage of 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment; street work done; also good building Jot,
25x137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
West side Scott St., 77:8% south* of Washing-
ton; 25x110; fine building lot: best part of
city, facing plaza; ready for building.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS.
638 Market Street.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABNTKT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearingon bodyand mind and
skin Diseases. J'nedoctoreureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low
,., Cnreicnaraßtrrd, Callorwrite.
Or. J. t.^BBOS. Box 1957. Sac Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montioello."
Mon.. Tuea., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:43 a.
m., 8:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 1 p. m.
Landing and office. Mlnsion-st. Dock. Pier No,
I Telephone. Main l£oB.
, FARE ,'n"" : M,,,,,i,ii..i>ni>yMl __
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES^
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP=ROOT.
Dr. Kilmer Has Discovered a Remedy;
That Cures All Kidney and . .
Bladder Troubles.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the emi-
nent kidney and bladder specialist, Dr.
Kilmer, has truly wonderful power in
curing kidney, bladder and uric acid
diseases.
Kidney trouble is responsible for more
sickness and sudden deaths than any
other disease. Your kidneys filter the
blood and keep it pure.
By special arrangement with The
Call every reader will be sent by mail,
prepaid, a free sample bottle and with
it a book telling more about Swamp-
Root, and containing some of the thou-
sands of testimonial letters received
from sufferers cured.
Please mention that you read this
generous offer in the San Francisco
Daily Call, and send your address to
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
get the regular fifty-cent and one-dol-
lar sizes at the drugstores or from
medicine dealers. .
AUCTION SALES
ELEGANT FURNITURE AND CARPETS.
THIS DAY (THURSDAY) at 11 a. m.
623 YORK ST., NEAR ISTH.
! FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 667 Market St.
■
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
L. Steamers leave Broadway
fffiV,.. wharf, San Francisco:
■ >BS«3S*» For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
flPrgfc-^ Mar. 12, 17. 22, 27; Apr. 1;
iaTfea22i«?a change at Seattle.
Un«|l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
KfiS&*'Sifi*|i C.) Port Townsend. Seattle,
f^^BSSgpli Tacoma, Everett, Anacorte*
and New Whatcom ash.).
*• 10 a. m., Mar. 12. 17 2&
27; Apr. 1. and every fifth day thereafter;
I change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Mar.
10, 15, 20. 25, 30; Apr. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter. _
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Mar. 9. 13. 17, 21. 25, 29; Apr.
2. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Mar. 11, 15, 19. 23, 27, 31; Apr. 4. and every
! fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and ' % .iKiymas (Mei.), 10 a. m., seventh of each
For further information obtain folder.
The company .reserves the right to change
! without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
| a TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
i street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
; THE 0. R. &N. CO.
tDIPPAT'-H FAST STEAMERS '20
PORTLAND
*>"rom Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. to.
CADE $1 2 First Class Including Oorthi
IAiIC $8 Second Class and M^ils.
Colombia sails March 14. 24: April J,»3, 23.
State of California sails March 19, \: April
c 18 28. >
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokaney Butte,
Helena and all points in the Ncvtnwest.
Through tickets to all points East. >
• E. C. WARD. General Ajlent.
; . 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. .'
Superintendent.
PIBEa Th" S. S. Australia
nJEiJffiir*ni£ falls for Honolulu
M 4 f«i m H «* Wednesday, /pril 5.
B itßr^l s^~~^~~\ %." P 's m .' \ irlposa
Sftf/infthinc) salis ; via l>->nolulu
QflCGlllJllll/ and Aucklarvl for
"^3P^ mfllß7li?m Sydney We.Viesday.
\villfJUH.q Aprn ]9 at lt t p m _
Favorite Line Round the World, via rfawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, IndW, Suez,
I England, etc.: $610 first class.
1 J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St.
HOLLAND4MERICA LINE.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM. VIA BOTJ-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(S300), STATENDAM (10.500). First Cabin, M
upward; Second Cabin, $37.
• Saloon steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM,
etc., $37.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK & SON. Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents, 621 Market Street, San Francisco.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN, Master.
Will Sail on op About May I.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN, 44 East st.
__. _„_______—_— ■
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TORS, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul.... February 2:iSt. Paul March if
Bt. I«oul« March Ist. Ixsulj .Man* a
RED 6TAR LING,
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, IS noe«.
'Kensington.... Feb"y IS | Southward..... .March C
Noordland Feb'y a ; Westernland.. March 11
Frlesland March 1 Kensington... .March 28
EMPIRE LINE,
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For lull Information regarding freight and pa**
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
to Montgomery it., < ny of lt» agend—
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p.m.. to*
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* lor
India, etc No cargo received on board on day
of calling.
HONGKONG MARTT Friday. March 17
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April Vt
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May i
Round-trio ticket* at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offica,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
COMPAONIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIC^.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS, .j..-.^-
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. -"tXIcXD
from Pier 42, North River, foot of «-«BBBah
Morton st. LA TOURAINE, March 25: LA
NORMANDIE. April 1: LA CHAMPAGNE,
April 8; LA BRETAGNE, April 15; LA TOU-
RAIS'E, April 22. First-class to Havre, $65 and
upward, 6 per cent reduction on round trip.
I Second-class to Havre. $45, 10 per cent reduc-
tion round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
! UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pa-
cific Coast Agts., 5 Montgomery aye.. S. F.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
• BEGUN NING APRIL 29th the Steam-
ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
and Cherbourg on the way to Hamburg.
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
US Montgomery at., San Francises _^ .
910
AL AM EDA COUNTY NEWS.
PRESIDENT
W. R. HARPER
IN BERKELEY
Addresses Students of
the University.
AN ENTHUSIASTIC RECEPTION
THE MILITARY REVIEW WAS
NOT HELD.
But the College Men Gathered in
Harmon Gymnasium to Hear
.the Distinguished Vis-
itor Speak.
BERKELEY. March 22.— Three hun
dred days or more out of a year the Uni
versity of California students can turn
out in full military array in honor of dis
tinguished visitors. Those are the days
•when it does not rain. To-day, however,
it did rain, and rained furiously, bo that
The Berkeley campus appeared In its very
•worst form as President Harper arrived
this morning. All attempt at anything i
like a parade was entirely out of the |
question, and President Kellogg issued
a notice rescinding the order for the re
view.
Everybody, of course, apologized for
the rain, but the visitor from the "Windy I
City seemed to take It as a matter of
course, and while expressing his regret |
at not seeing the demonstration prepared j
for him, remarked that he was only too ■
glad to meet the students and talk to
them by themselves as a student body.
There was no doubt in the minds of the
students that they were heartily glad Jo
see him in retu"rn, for when he stepped j
on the platform in Harmon Gymnasium
this afternoon they rose en masse to
gTeet him, and an improvised yell went
ringing through the building:
Ha! Ha! Ha! California!
U. C, Chicago.
Zip! Boom! Ah!
President Harper acknowledged the
compliment, and having been introduced j
by President C. E. Thomas of the Asso- ;
Ci'ated Students began his address. It was I
a clear, forcible, decisive appeal to lead
the nobler life offered by the opportuni- I
ties of thinking, and his hearers listened
■with close attention as he led them
through a careful analysis of his subject.
His manner of speaking was simple and
direct, devoid of all ostentation, with
■very few gestures, but strong and im
:ve. .
lent Harper said: I wish to say
a few words on the subject of thinking. '
Tou will be kind enough to notice ihat
the Bubject is not "thought," but "think
ing." My theme is not a philosophical
one. but* pre-eminently practical.
"To think is to live. Life itself is only
an expression of thought. Life without
thinking is not life. To follow the prog
ress of" thought is to walk in the path
along which the world moves. To think,
therefore, is to act. It is to speak, to
live to be.
••May I make an inquiry of those of
you who have entered upon your college
career? What is your purpose in the
years that are to follow? Is it to think? |
Will you make an effort to be numbered
among th.- thinking- few? To be a stu
dent moans that you have desired to rise
to a higher plane on which to live the
life that God has given you. I ask you
Is it your purpose to live an intellectual
life, to take interest in intellectual Ques- j
tions to concern yourself with intellect
ual affair?; In other words, to maintain ,
the position you have taken? In still
Other words, to become a leader in the
world's higher work? I
"In asKjng you this question and in i
Dressing it upon you for consideration. I |
recognize your right in turn to ask me
three quesnons: First is there an op
portunity to think? Second, does the
world give permission to think? Third,
•what is tho nature of current thinking?
The speaker dwelt at length .upon each
answer to these, laying especial stress
upon the last. He described current
thinking as more scientific than that of
■nast generations, less dogmatic, by far
more accurate and tolerant. ' Current
thinking now goes deeper than in former
days It deals even in tho popular mind
■with that which is fundamental. In the
upheavals of society, symptoms of wnlch
are on all sides, we have a signal Illus
tration of this. Unrest, wherever it is
found arises from a determination to
settle great and important questions in a
new way. The greatest and noblest char
acteristic of modern times is the spirit
of toleration which everywhere prevails;
the most fundamental principle of our
political system; the highest law of our
social life." This constitutes Americas
contribution to the worlds history, a con
tribution which has cost four centuries
of self-sacrificing devotion to a high
ideal and a contribution which, so far as
it has been accepted by other nations,
v as influenced beyond all calculation !
their national and individual life |
• •We occupy a plane far higher than
that occupied by our generations of the
cast but something still higher is possi
ble 'and being possible must be attained
Ik the thing to be attained by going still
dUpw in our study of the problems of
life and living? This will help, and from
this gT»at results will be assured, but the
th ng desired will be still greater. Mate
rialism does not furnish the key which
will unlock the secrets of the future The
visible world is great, but the invisible
still greater. Our thoughts must rise
above that which is simply material; our
minds must grapple with the problems of
the unseen. It is our function and our
duty to give to the world ideals which a
thousand years even may not see ful
"America, intended in the providence of
God to do more for humanity than has
been done by any nation of the many that
have helped humanity, stand;* to-day be
fore the whole world as an object lesson
for the study of what free and independ
ent thinking will produce. Let us then
pledge ourselves to trample down the
false and to uplift and uphold the true,
to make the thinking of our time not
merely Fclentific, but ethical and in the
best sense spiritual."
The Baptist Social Union gave a ban
quet in Oakland to-night in honor of
President Harper. The large hall of the
Masonic Temple was filled with guests,
n.r,d about 2.V) sat at tables, a large pro
portion being ladles.
Short fipeeohr-s were, made by President
Harper. President Martin Kellogg of the
University of California. Rev. Dr. J. K.
McLean of tho Pacific Theological Semi
nary and President Brownson of Califor
nia "College.^
High Water Bates Paid.
OAKLAND. March 22.— 8y the votes of
Mayor Thomas and City Engineer Cle
ment the disputed water bills of the two
. companies against the city for fire hy
drants were ordered paid this morning.
The Oakland company's bills amounted to
$2361 SO and the Contra Costa company to
52106 05. This is about three times what
has been paid under the old ordinance,
and the claims are based on the ordinance
of the "solid six," passed last year, but
■which was never enforced until this year.
City Attorney Dow opposed the payment
of the bills on various grounds,, but the
arguments of the water companies' at
torney prevailed with the Mayor and City
Engineer. These are the last bills upon
which the present board will act.
Dt. Wakefield Declared Elected.
OAKLAND, March 22.— The City Council
completed the canvass of the election re
turns to-night and there were no changes
from the unofficial figures. Councilman
Girard Introduced a resolution declaring
■Wakefield not elected as School Director
because of the reasons already set forth
In The Call. President Heitmann de
clared the resolution out of order, as the
Council can entertain no evidence but the
votes regarding aqy candidate Dr.
Wakefield was declared elected with the
rest, and Jf he does not resign his case
mult b« decided by the courts.
BRANDES' FATE
WILL SOON BE
DETERMINED
Noted Murder Case Is
Being Argued.
ACCUSED DENIES CONFESSION
ATTORNEY MATTHEWS ALSO
MAKES STRONG DENIAL.
Deputy District Attorney Melvin Bit
terly Attacks the Testimony of
the Defense's Chief Med
ical Expert.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
POB Broadway, March 22.
Attorney Wickliffe Matthews denies
positively that Brandes ever made any
confession of guilt to him. either in his
capacity as attorney or landlord.
The house in which Brandes lived at
Berkeley is owned by Mr. Matthews, and
the attorney went to see Brandes regard
ing the disposition of the house and of
the furniture, when the alleged confession
is said to have been made.
"There is absolutely nothing in the
story that Brandes made ,a confession to
me," he said. "At one time he consulted
! me about his case, but he always de
clared that he was innocent. He never
made a single admission of guilt."
Brarules says that he was associated
with Matthews in a business capacity, but
did not discuss with him the details of
Lillian's death.
This morning the Brandes murder case
closed. But first J. E. Harvey was re
called and an important piece of testi
mony was adduced. He testified that
while he was residing at the Brandes
house there never was a trunk upstairs
to the best of his recollection, clearly con
tradicting Brandes. Then Detective Her
bert took the stand and identified the lo
cation of the furniture in the dead girl's
room and gave measurements. Finally
Drs. Eastman and Pratt were recalled for
additional expert testimony in thfi nature
of sur-rebuttal, whereupon the prosecu
tion rested, while the jurors, attorneys
and the accused heaved a sigh of relief.
The case has occupied six weeks.
Shortly before noon Deputy District At
torney Melvin A>mmeneed argument and
occupied the entire afternoon. He por
trayed in eloquent words a picture of Wil
liam A. Brandes, the accused, as he beat
to death his innocent daughter Lillian.
He dwelt at length upon the testimony
of neighbors and summed up Brandes'
acts as such beside which the cruel
butcheries of the Spanish Weyler pale
into insignificance. He recited Hrandes'
fiendish act in hanging up the dead girl's [
body to save his neck from the gallows j
and to deceive the officers for the pur- i
pose of cheating the law.
In his argument Attorney Melvin re- i
ferred particularly bitter to Dr. E. H.
Woolsey, chief medical expert for the de
fense, who had stated absolutely that |
Lillian had hanged herself; that death j
was not due to any blows on the piri's i
head, and who startled the jurors with his
testimony as to Lillian's virtue.
"A man who would attack the reputa
tion of a dead girl," said Mr. Melvin, "a3
he did should have a special hell con
structed for him, for he is not fit to herd
with the common damned. All the attor
neys had to do was to ask this expert a i
question and he would go on an.l on like
Tennyson's brook, or more fittingly, his
testimony fell like filth from a broken
SOW6F. "
The prosecutor aJso argued that the de
fense's chief medical expert had shown a
violation of professional ethics in refer
ring during his testimony, to the case of
a prominent man, whose daughter sat in
the courtroom.
Mr Melvin will conclude his argument
to-morrow morning, and before the week
has closed the fate of the accused mur
derer will have been determined by the
twelve Jurors.
TISDALE AND BROWN
HAVE NOT YET MET
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE PROMISES
FURTHER SENSATIONS.
The Pugilistic Physician Will En
gage in No More Long-
Distance Interviews.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street, March 22.
The rain has interfered with the prom
ised sanguinary conflict between Brain
ard C. Brown and School Director
Charles L. Tindale. The streets have
been deserted on account of the down
pour und neither of the belligerents de
sires to display his prowesa without a
good audience.
It is now known that the attack of Mr.
Brown on the Alameda School Board is
but the beginning of a series of charges
that will be fathered by the Municipal
League. That organization has appointed
a special committee to conduct the
School Board light and most sensational
disclosures are promised before the cam
paign Is over. The manner by -vhich
every teacher in the department received
his or her appointment Is being looked up
and the official acts of Directors fisdalo
and J. B. Lanktree are being very closely
Investigated. The members of the board
who are candidates for re-election profess
to welcome the attacks upon their pub
lic careers, but they have influential
friends at work with the leaders of the
Municipal League attempting to prevail
upon them to "call off the dogs of war."
This, however, the leaguo refuses to
do. It asserts thai its fight will be cen
tered on the School Directors, feeling that
a reorganization of the local department
is Imperative.
The Brown speech has been pretty fa
vorably received, but the opinion is freely
expressed that It would have been more
effective If Dr. Tisdale had not been sin
gled out for punishment, and J. B. Lank
tree made to share the burden of *he al
leged corruption in the School Depart
ment. The citizens are taking great in
terest In the controversy, and having re
ceived a taste of redhot politics relish It
and are hungry for more.
Dr. Tisdale is the most unhappy man in
the city. He has been classed among the
astute politicians, and yet is forced to
confess that he was neatly trapped by a
comparative amateur at the game. Ho
has taken an oath never to talk through
another telephone. As a matter of fact,
when he read Brown's version of the mid
night interview, when sparks of lire, ex
clamation points and terrible dashes flew
from the wires, he was convinced that he
had been talking Into a phonograph.
The physician is still wrathy over the
occurrence, but has not fully made up his
mind what to do about it. His threats of
criminal libel will not be carried out. He
has taken the advice of the District At
torney that such action would be very
f>oor politics. As fb doing- personal vio
pnee to Mr. Brown, the latter's willing
ness for an encounter has cooled the
1 doctor down somewhat and - those who
were looking forward to some rare sport
will probably be disappointed.
However, the matter Is by no means
settled, and no one will! be surprised If
some blood is spilled before election day.
Centerville Divorce Suit.
OAKLAND, March 22.— Desertion is
given as the ground on which William W.
Bell claims he 1b entitled to a legal sepa
ration from Annie M. Bell. The com
plaint, prepared by Attorney B. C. Mlckle.
was filed this afternoon. The parties re
side In Centervllle. where plaintiff is em
ployed as engineer In a foundry. They
were married In 1893 and, according to the
complaint, the wife deserted her husband
and home in May, 1897.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 1899.
MANY NOW
OCCUPY AN
ANXIOUS SEAT
Knowledge of Guilt
Not Agreeable.
MAYOR SNOW IS HAPPY
HIS COLLEAGUES ABE NOT SO
PLEASANTLY SITUATED.
Not Likely That There Will Be Any-
Wholesale Changes in the
Police and Fire De
partments.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 22.
There are many employes of the city on
the anxious seat, nor can they ob
tain much satisfaction. The constitution
of the Board of Works is what is puz
zling these employes.
It is no secret that during the recent
campaign the Fire Department and the
Police Department were shamefully act
ive in politics, contrary to the rules gov
erning the members. It is known that
there are lists in the hands of interested
parties of the Individual members of the
department and for whom and against
whom they worked prior to election. It
is this knowledge that causes the present
uneasiness.
There will not, however, be any whole
sale changes. This is owing to the pecu
liar relations existing between the three
men who will compose the new Board of
Works. City Attorney Dow, if he felt so
inclined, would perhaps be justified in de
capitating half of the Police Depart
ment and as much of the Fire Depart
ment. Members of either body felt so
confident of his defeat tEat they openly
worked in behalf of his opponent. Should
Mr. Dow decide to administer his office
upon political lines these men know
what to expect.
City Engineer Clement knows that he
also was opposed by about half of each
department, but it was the other half to
that which opposed Mr. Dow. Mr. Clem
ent and Mr. Dow have disagreed for two
years on the board, and are no nearer
working in harmony than they ever were.
Consequently it is certain that Mr. Dow
will not help Mr. Clement to punish the
City Engineer's enemies, and Mr. Clem
ent is no more likely to help Mr. Dow
to visit reprisals on the City Attorney's
opponents.
Mayor-elect Snow, the other member of
the board, is the happiest of the trio.
So far as known no opposition was shown j
toward him by either the Police or Fire |
j departments. Apparently "they all stood
1 by him, and, therefore, he has •> ene
j iriies to punish and no workers to re-
I ward individually. It is not likely, there- j
fore, that he will vote with either of the
other two members to- do anything very i
radical, except it shall be shown that
! such a move would be for the good of the
i departments. Mr. Snow never was a pro
j grammer in the ordinary sense of the
term, and his success in politics has been |
largely, perhaps entirely, due to the fact ;
that he has conducted his own depart
ment of the city government for ten ,
years along rigid principles Independent
of outside Influences. There is no doubt I
he will pursue this method at the head ]
i of the government, and that he will re- j
| quire convincing arguments that changes j
! are desired simply for the betterment of |
the service and not to gratify political re
! venue or gratitude.
While it is almost certain that Deputy
Auditor Hinsdale will bo appointed sec
retary of the Board of Works when it
first meets, Mr. Hinsdale will not occupy
the position permanently. The permanent
successor to Harry Thomas has not yet
been agreed upon, and it is hardly likely j
that a choice will be made until the new ,
board gets down to business.
JOHN LYNN PLEADED
HARD FOR CLEMENCY
Fired Five Bullets Into His Wife a
Year Ago, but She Re
covered.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, March 22.
"I can only pay that I am innocent.
God knows, I would not harm a hair on
my wife's head, much less attempt to kill
her. I am wholly unfortunate. Now that
I have recovered my reason I am about
to be punished for having lost it. If you
Bend me to the State Penitentiary an
awful stain will fall upon my little child.
I hope you will send me to the County
Jail."
This was the statement made by John
W. Lynn before Judge Ogden when the
latter" asked whether he had any valid
reason to give why sentence should not
be imposed. Lynn was charged with as
sault to murder his wife. On February' 1.
1898, he tired five builets into his wife.
Miraculously she recovered, and at the
trial she stated under oath that she had
no desire to prosecute, and that she had
signed and sworn to the complaint under
a misapprehension.
At the preliminary examination Lynn
had feigned insanity and was sent to
>Tapa for several months, but at the trial
Mrs. Lynn testified that she believed her
husband was in reality Insane when he
attempted to kill her. The jury last
Wednesday brought in a compromise ver
dict, finding the accused guilty of an as
sault with a deadly weapon, practically
declaring him sane.
When Lynn appeared in court to-day
for sentence his attorneys. Hugh Aldrlch
and J. E. McElrath. advised the court
that they were prepared to make a mo
tion for a new trial In case their client
be sent to the penitentiary. Judge Og
den however, replied that he believed the
ends of justice would be subserved by
imprisonment in the County Jail. This
obviously knocked out the case for ap
peal. Then addressing the prisoner at
the bar Judge Ogden said:
"If you were really unfortunate and not
criminal, It would be a crime to imprison
you even In the County Jail. But the
jury in your case has declared you sane,
and the evidence went to show you
guilty of assault to murder, with which
crime you were charged. However, I do
not wish to ruid any burdens upon you.
You are therefore sentenced to two years 1
imprisonment in the County Jail."
Lvnn received the sentence without
manifesting the slightest emotion. He
was immediately taken to the County Jail
to serve his time, which, allowing for
credits, means twenty months.
Funeral of J. T. Carothers.
OAKLAND, March 22.— The funeral of
J T Carothers, ex-Commissioner of Pub
lic Works, was held this afternoon. There
was no minister present, as the deceased
had expressed a wish that his brother
Odd Fellows should take charge of the
ceremony. The pallbearers were Stephen
T. Gage", R. A. Donaldson, Charles H.
Redlngton, Marshall Pierce, M. C. Chap
man Charles E. Snook, Edson F. Adams.
W. H. Miller, Charles W. Wllkins and
George E. de Golla. The remains were
placed in the Carothers vault in Mountain
View Cemetery, alongside those of his
only daughter.
Has But a Month to Live.
ALAMEDA, March 22.— Alexander V.
Henko of 2105 Clement avenue was taken
to Fabiola Hospital to-day to undergo a
surgical operation for a tumor on the
brain. Mr. Henko went to the German
Hospital in San Francisc-o laet week, but
the physicians there were not willing to
handle his case, and told him that he
could not possibly live another month.
He is now totally paralyzed and as help
less as a child. Henko was formerly a
prominent furniture dealer in San Fran
cisco.
PRINGLE SAID
TO BE KEEPING
HIS CONTRACT
A Campaign Story Is
Explained.
STILL WORKS FOR OAKLAND
CITY ATTORNEY DOW TELLS OF
THE SITUATION.
Most of the Ten Thousand Dollars
Was Earned Before the Case
Reached the Supreme
Court
<£ ♦ ♦ <> <$> <$> <$> <$• ♦ ♦ ■>♦$♦♦♦♦♦♦
<$> <$>
<•» OAKLAND, August 23. 1593. <*>
<$> To "Water Front Committee, Oak- <$>
<$> land City Council: <?>
<^ Gentlemen— l will give my ser- <?>
<§> vices as attorney at law In all the <*>
<3> water front litigation already begun -^
<$► or which is now contemplated for <«>
<S> the sum of $10,000 in addition to <$>
<£ what has been provided in the case <?>
<s> Cook vs. City of Oakland. <$>
<» This offer will include the litiga- <$>
<«> tion in question in all the courts of <§>
<& California, to wit: Circuit Court of <S>
<S> the United States, Circut Court of <*>
<S> Appeals, Superior Court of Coun- <S>
<§> ty of Alameda and Supreme Court <$>
<& of the State of California, the cases <«>
<$> embraced being Southern Pacific <?>
# Company vs. City of Oakland et al. <$>
<$> (Broadway wharf case), and a gen- <$►
■■?> eral suit to quiet title to the whole <$>
<$> water front, which we recommend <J»
j <§> bringing Immediately for many <$>
<?► reasons) against the Oakland "Wa- <§•
<$> ter Front Company, and will also <§>
<?> Include suits for damages by South- ♦
•$> em Pacific Company. <$>•
<$► Mr. H. A. Powell authorizes me <*>
<^ to make the same proposal on his <§>
<*> behalf. <$>
<£ You may distribute the payment <§>
<*> during two fiscal years, say, one- <$>
<$> third .in one year and two-thirds <*>
<$> the next. Yours very respectfully, <$>
<$> EDWIN J. PRINGLE. <«>
♦ <S>
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. March 22.
During 1 the campaign the statement was
frequently made from the platform that
the water-front attorneys were not do
ing- their duty and that one. of them, K.
J. Pringle, was Inhibited from fulfilling
the above contract with the city of Oak
land because of his appointment some
months ago to a commissionership of the
Supreme Court.
It was also stated that City Attorney
Dow was not doing his whole duty by not
calling the attention of the City Council
to the fact that one of the four special
attorneys was unable to fulfill the terms
of his contract. This idea was strength
ened somewhat when a circular was pre
pared for the Legislature three w«ks
ago, asking for the insertion of a clause
in Senator Leavitt's bill, relating to the
Oakland harbor. This circular was sign
ed by only three of the four attorneys,
and the absence of E. J. Pringle's name
caused comment.
City Attorney Dow was asked this aft
ernoon if there was any truth in the
statement that Mr. Pringle is neglecting
to perform that for which he was paid
over four years ago. "I do not think so,"
he replied, "because all the real work
has already been done and Mr. Pringle
did his share of it. He will see, I am sure,
that the city does not suffer because of
his promotion. The matter now rests
upon briefs which Mr. Pringle helped
largely to prepare, and when the cases
are concluded 1 do not think there will be
any dissatisfaction with Mr. Pringle's
course."
Mayor-elect Snow said that he had not
heard of the matter till it was called to
his attention, but hinted that it would
seem as though some explanation should
be made to the city in view of the fact
that Mr. Pringle's contract was made
with the city through the committee of
the City Council.
The litigation has been once to the Su
preme Court, where a new trial was or
dered along certain lines clearly laid down
in the decision. It is now being sub
mitted on briefs a second time to Judge
Ogden. _
"THE GOOD-NATURED MAN"
AT SHATTUCK HALL
REVIVAL OF AN EIGHTEENTH
CENTURY DRAMA.
U. C. Students Appear In a Produc
tion of One of Gold
smith's Comedies.
BERKELEY, March 22.— A large college
audience gathered in Shattuck Hall to
night to listen to the production of Gold
smith's comedy, "The Good-natured
Man." The performance was an attempt
to present eighteenth century drama in
full eighteenth century style, the inter
est lying in the historical significance as
■much as in the plot, and judging from
the reception accorded it the whole went
off with remarkable success.
The play as given did not follow liter
ally the original of Goldsmith, but had
been recast for the occasion by Professor
L. Dv Pont Syle and Victor Henderson.
The very difficult task of altering an ac
knowledged masterpiece by condensing its
five acts into four and of slashing the
longer speeches for economy of time had
been done with the trained hand of sch< ', 1 1 7
arship, so that the abridged edition still
retained the distinctive eighteenth cen
tury elegance and grace of the original
without their falling a sacrifice to brev
ity The danger of presenting Goldsmith
up to date, in so far as it is avoidable,
had been admirably met by Professor
Svle in his reconstruction, and by careful
staging with appropriate furniture and
brilliant costumes the general tone of the
stage of the last century was maintained
with marked fidelity.
In one feature only was the work of
rearrangement subject to criticism. The
defect inheres possibly in the original as
written in five acts, but when cut down
to four it is only aggravated; the defect,
namely, of a signal lack of due subordina
tion of the minor plot to the major. Too
little prominence seemed to be given the
leading characters in comparison with an
undue importance assumed by the rest
of the cast. •
The tableau at the close of each act
could hardly have been adjusted better
by professional skill, and they were all
received with rounds of applause.
Although the acting, done by university
students, was the work of amateurs, the
peculiarly fortunate selection of a cast
naturally adapted to the parts taken left
little to be desired in the line of stage
work, even when judged by the best ama
teur standard. As Mr. Croaker Frederick
Blolettl made his third appearance in
eighteenth century plays, and his ren
dering of the character was inimitable.
Milton Schwartz as Mr. Lofty stepped
into his place with a natural fitness that
no training could have improved upon,
and his ease of manner showed up to good
advantage. Miss Lolo Jean Simpson as
Miss Rlchland and Miss L. E. Moller as
Olivia sustained their parts as the lead
ing women characters with noticeable
skill.
Following is the cast:
Sir William Honeywood, Harry H.
Hirst; Charles Honeywood. his nephew,
Arthur J. Elston; William Croaker, Fred
erick T. Bioletti; Leontine Croaker, his
son, Victor Henuerson: Mr. Lofty,
Milton H. Schwartz; bailiff, J. B. South
ard: Dubardieu, bailiff's follower, Fred
G. Dorety; Jarvis. Lawrence L. Greene;
Miss Riehland. Miss Lolo J. Simpson;
Mrs. Croaker, Miss Katherine Wolfenden;
Olivia, Miss L. E. Moller; Garnet. Miss
E. Lunday.
DIVORCE TRIAL STOPPED.
Mrs. Kennedy, Plaintiff, Has Mys
teriously Disappeared, and
Grave Fears Are Held.
OAKLAND, March 22.— The sensational
divorce trial of Mrs. Catherine R. Ken
nedy against R. C. Kennedy was to-day
continued by Judge Ellsworth for two
weeks owing to the mysterious disappear
ance of the plaintiff.
During the noon hour yesterday Mrs.
Kennedy assaulted Mrs. Dr. Howe, a wit
ness for defendant, while the two last
named were enjoying lunch in a local
restaurant. Mrs. Howe immediately had
a warrant issued for Mrs. Kennedy's ar
rest for battery, and when the trial wa?
resumed Sergeant Scanlan was stationed
at the courthouse door to serve the war
rant, but Mrs. Howe's assailant failed to
materialize. . .
Mr Kennedy at that time requested
that the trial be continued until his wife
could be found. He stated that he fear
ed she might commit suicide, since she
had on divers occasions threatened so to
do. The trial, however, went on; but the
whereabouts of the plaintiff being still
unknown to-day, the trial was continued.
BURDENED WITH SORROW,
HER MIND GAVE WAY
MRS. JOSEPHINE TANZER BE
COMES A RAVING MANIAC.
Grieved Over the Tragic Death of Her
Son-in-Law, Robert
Conway.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street, March 22.
After grieving for four months over the
tragic death of her son-in-law, Robert
Conway, Mrs. Josephine Tanzer has be
come a raving maniac and on Monday was
taken to a private asylum at Llvermore.
The unfortunate woman is the wife of
Adolph Tanzer, purser of the steamer
Acapulco, whose home is at 1209 Chest
nut street, Alameda. Mr. Tanzer left on
his steamer the day previous to his wife's
collapse and knows nothing of the unfor
tunate occurrence.
Robert Conway, the son-in-law, was
thrown from a narrow-gauge train at
Park street the evening of November 2
and was so seriously injured that he died
within a week without regaining con
sciousness. He was an especial favorite
of Mrs. Tanzer, who took his death very
much to hf>art. He and his wife had lived
at the family residence, 1209 Chestnut
street, since they were married.
From the time of the death the relatives
of Mrs. Tanzer noticed a marked change
in her demeanor. From a woman of
cheerful, happy disposition she became
morose, avoided her friends and relatives
and sat for hours sobbing and moaning
for her dead son-in-law. It was thought
that as time wore on her grief would pass
uway, but instead of regaining her for
mer self her grief became more intense,
until finally her mind gave way under the
burden of sorrow.
That her mind was failing became ap
parent last week. She threatened to end
her misery by throwing herself beneath
the wheels of a passing train, believing
that was the only way she could die and
join her son-in-law. Last Sunday her
mania took a serious turn and caused the
gravest fears among her relatives. Every
thing possible was done to quiet her, but
toward night she became violent and it
was found necessary to put her in a
f-traitjacket to prevent her doing her
self personal injury. On Monday friends
t"uk the unfortunate woman to the LJv
ermore Sanitarium.
Jt is stated that her case is not hope
less.
Women's Missionary Society.
ALAMEDA, March 22.— At last night's
session of the convention of the Oakland
District California Conference of the Wo
men's Foreign Missionary Society the fol
lowing new officers were elected: Mrs.
Marian Taylor. East Oakland, president;
Mrs. A. L. Baker, Oakland, first vice
president; Mrs. M. H. Alexander, Liver
rnor<\ second vice president; Mrs. A. H.
Needham, West Oakland, third vice presi
dent; Mrs. E. P. Dennett, Alameda, re
cording secretary; Mrs. A. I. KJnsey,
Martinez, corresponding secretary; Mrs.
M. C. Hackley, Berkeley, treasurer.
Bargains in pictures, frames, onyx
lamps and tables at Sanborn & Vails. •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTKT,.
G H Gasslor, NY ! T H Bunker, N T
Miss Gaasler, N V I Mrs T H Hunker, N T
Mips Ward, NY i A L Ehrmann, Cal
J F Nester. Detroit IMrs A L Ehrmann, Cal
J B Hexsie. St Paul I H C Shaeler. Mich
Mrs J P, Hexsie, St P J E Barture, N J
S P Wetherill. Pa E B Budd, N J
Mrs S P Wetherlll, Pa W A Brigham. Ohio
X Townsend, Pa i Mrs W A Brigham,
S E Baker, Ohio I Ohio
Mrs S E Baker, Ohio I Mrs L H Thomas
I) Beer, N V I Washington, D C
R C Rlcard, Oakland J A Drake, Ohio
V) M Slmms, Sacto J W Dusenbery, N V
M H Logan, lowa Mrs J \Y Dusenbery,
J M Howells, N T N V
H Hornbostle, NY G E Matthles. Conn
W J Swan, Sacto Mrs G E Matthles,
J W Graeme, U S N Conn
R L Macleay, Portld J X Beatter. Pa
A H Castle, Cal j \v Wait.' Pa
C D Clark. "Wyo IMrs F S Balre, Mass
Mrs C D ("lark, Wyo B B McGregor, N V
T H Bobbins, Boston Mrs B B McGregor,
N Hashlmato, Japan N V
E B S Edwards, Jai>an W S S Douglas, Eng-
Mrs P F Berdan. Ohio land
Miss riodnian, Mass A F Douglas, England
E T Wallace, Yreka F M Eldrldge, N V
Warren Wright, Chgo Mrs F M Eldrldge,
C Baker, Chicago N V
E Rammburger, Spo- W W French, Mass
kane Mrs W W French,
Mrs E Rammburger, Mass
Spokane Miss Alice C French,
H H Shutts, Chicago Mass
W B Bratten, Pa I Miss A E Chlsholm,
Mrs W B Bratten, Paj Mass
Miss L G Home, Mass A H Potter, N V
R J Given, Ind R McCreery, Cal
G F Dinwiedie. Ind | Mrs Delmas, Cal
Mrs G F Dinwiedie, ; Miss Delmas, Cal
Ind iMiss Barnes, Cal
J M Lobenstein, 111 O P Jenkins, Cal
Mrs J M Lobenstein, | H Jones, Ga
Illinois C N Sterry, Log Ang
W H Kraft, Mexico Dr M V Stone, Mare
R E Hyde, Vlsalia Island
C S Hartweil, N V Mrs A J Gilmore, Cal
Mrs Hartweil. NY L Blagden, N V
H L Halsteil, Toledo L E Larocque, N V
G E Whetson, NY F W Zane, Chicago
Mrs G E Whetson, NY C X G Billings. Chgo
J Freehburger, Chgo I Mrs C X G Billings,
Mrs J Freehburger, j Chicago
Chicago iT A Griffin, Chicago
J A McNear, Oakland i Mrs T A Griffin, chgo
E T Binford, Ohio C Ruddick. Chicago
W R Ormsby, Sacto jW Gregory, Chicago
C Gutman, NY I A c Kuhn, San Jose
GRAND HOTEL.
uuijv '•* =y 9;sx>u H. f L A Withey, Mich
P F Brown, Hollister S Prost, illch
J E Wolff, Vallejo J Reith JTsr, Davisville
J W Gagers, S Cruz F Halley, Minn
L Tozer Sacto Mrs P Given, Ind
J H Rice, Mich Mrs Q T Dinwiddl, Ind
M Diggs, Woodland G T Dinwiddl, Ind
E P Prentiss, Sacto C R Nelson. Auburn
J T Laird, Sacto J F Condon, Nev
J 1) McGilory, Denver F A Eldredge. St Louis
H E Cutler, Utah S Hubby. Cal
F G Phillips, Cal |M B (Sard, Nlles
F H Green, S Rafael J Laverty. N V
E de Heyneer, Sanger A Pryor & w, S Cruz
J M Barlow, Utah C B Peasley, Nashville
T C Perrin. S Jose L A Letrel, Saraoga
B Burke, Cal C X Cadman. Pinole
G Watt, Nev A E Nutt, S Diego
W H Kruse, Nev F E McCollum, Cal
W Johnson, Cal H F Hunting. lowa
J A Hull. Cal J N Woods, Stockton
F M Me Bean, Tex F L Morris & w, Or
S S Burke. Chicago B F Gels, Willows
T W Benson, Or H H Graw. Sacto
<; W Smith, Duluth A C White & w, Cal
G W Buck, Duluth J II Beecher, Cal
J U Walters, Minn |aJT3[ivx 'A^jadaoo x 3
Mrs A Hurmsby & d, F P Flint, Sacto
Cleveland II D Lausen. Oroville
A W Mately, Chicago Mrs H Hewlett. Cal
C C Graham, N V [Miss Read, Stockton
D A Hare, Ft Bragg |S T Constable, Ariz
J P Perclval & w, Cal IB W Sheldon. Sulmin
H C Keys & w, Cal F H Green. S Rafael
A F Thorm, Denver J H Beecher, Cal
E P Jordan, St Louis G Bancroft, Cincinnati
J Raggio, Cal W Egbert. R Vista
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S W Waring. S Pedro |V SchafT. San Jose
A J Bergman, Mo IF Kampman, Chgo
W F Garrett. Vallejo W A Lyman, Chgo
J F Searls. Sacto !j Williamson. Mass
J Maloney. San Job« W T Hawthorne. N V
Capt Stahl & w. N V R C Rleord. Fresno
H Wilkins. Mas* J P Flndlay. Oakdalc
SAW FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FraneJsco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
187 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
€11 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock,
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
Kit Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
ftreets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. ■
M.— Will meet THIS (THURSDAY) ,Jf%_
EVENING, March 23. at 7:30 o'clock. J\J\
Second degree. By order of the Mas- /~r '
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and •
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (THURS- _J\^
DAY) AFTERNOON at 1:30 o'clock for 3^>\
the purpose of burying with Masonic / ~r >
honors our deceased brother, EVAN RICH-
ARDS, late a member of St. John's Lodge
No. 37. F. and A. M., at Yreka, Cal. By
order of the Worshipful Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. ■
Officers and members are re- —^^^
quested to attend the funeral of our Tt_K
deceased brother, JOHN CHRIST, /~r '
GERH. BRUSE, P. M.. from Masonic Tem-
ple on FRIDAY, the 24th lnst., at 1:30 p. m.
By order of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary-
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M., ■
Masonic Temple— meeting THIS _f\_
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 IJ_K
o'clock. First degree. Masons are/^r^
cordially Invited. By order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club _ «y », .
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 3, QfOJl
ING, Fraternity Hall, 32 O'Farrell "^__l__f
St., at 8 o'clock sharp. Exempllfl- '-_j~ k
cation of new ritual. A full attendance re-
quested. Smoker follows.
JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
HESPERIAN Grove No. 15. U. A. O. D.— _fto
To the officers and members of Hes- qgfc)
perlan Grove No. 15, . you are requested -■'■"■
to attend a special meeting of the above
Grove THURSDAY at 1 o'clock p. m., at
Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter St., for the pur-
pose of attending the funeral of our late
brother, WILLIAM MOLLISON, P. A. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. By order.
A. C. JOSSELYN, N. A.
J. J. MOLLISON, Secretary.
EUREKA Grove No. 4, U. A. O. D.—
The officers and the funeral commit- {*§□
tee of the above Grove are hereby noti- M - a
fled to assemble at Druids' Hall, 413 Sut-
ter St., on FRIDAY. March 24, at 1 o'clock
p. m., to attend the funeral of our late
brother, P. A. J. D. G. HOFFMAN. By
order. CHAS. QUAST, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March, 1899. at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meetinr.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY.
March 17. 1899, at 12 m.
'•:■'.■:> ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d St.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Ft., rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Dividend No. 91 of the
Oceanic Steamship Company (fifty cents per
share) will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market street, on and after
Saturday, April 1, 1899. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, March 25, 1599, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
FRENCH second girl good waitress and
■ seamstress. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH houseglrl with 2 years' references;
first-class cook and laundress; city or coun-
try. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH chambermaid and seamstress, best
of reference, desires a situation. ■ J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren. wishes position as housekeeper. Call
between 1 and 3 at Golden West Hotel, Ellis
St., room 125.
WASHING, Ironing or housecleanln* wanted by
a competent woman. Call or address 707 Te-
hama st.
WOMAN wishes work by day or month. 246
Third St., room 9.
WELL-EDUCATED German woman wants
situation as nurse for Infants or grown chil-
. dren; references. Address D. . box 24, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position to do
general housework. 17 Howard st.
LADY would like care of children few hours
afternoon and evening. Address M., box 1159,
Call office.
PROTESTANT, trustworthy elderly lady
wishes light housework In a nice, small fam-
ily. Address 431 Preclta aye.
COMPETENT young woman between 19 and 20
years wishes situation as wet nurse: best of
references. Apply 1714 Eighth St.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants family wash-
Ing to take home. MRS. SCHOOLEY, 137
Julian aye.
YOUNG Swedish woman from the East wishes
situation general housework in small family;
wages $20. Address 1030 Carolina St.. cor. 23d.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
FARMERS Attention!
Send in your orders for plow hands, team-
sters and farm hands to us and have your
orders filled promptly free of charge. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. phone Grant
185.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary St.; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
beet help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42«.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 5«.
WANTED— By elderly man, to do chores and
make himself generally useful around place;
good horseman and driver; can milk and tend
to garden work; references. Box 1162, Call.
RELIABLE, Industrious gardener; understands
the care of horses, milking, lawn, flowers,
vegetables, chicken raising; around private
place; city or country- Box 1157, Call office.
REFINED, earnest, willing young man. Uni-
versity graduate, wishes employment office,
store, private home, as valet; willing to do
anything; references. Box 1128, Call.
TWO first-class general tailors from Boston
wish situations; 10 years' experience in Bos-
ton. 237 Minna St.. room B.
FIRST-CLASS cake baker and ornamenter
wants situation. 480 Jessie st.
JAPANESE boy wants position of half a day's
work in city. H. FRANK, 121 Haight st.
MAN and wife (colored) wish position, sep-
arate or together; man as butler, waiter,
porter. Janitor or coachman; wife as cook or
any housework; best , references; city or
country. Box 1142. Call.
AN experienced vineyardlst and wife would
like situation; understands wine making and
farming thoroughly. Address A. CAS-
SAGNES, 813 Jessie st.
YOUNG man. 28. speaking fluently and writing
German. English and Spanish, wants some
position in a wholesale house. E. 8., box
1146, Call office.
WANTED— A situation by a middle-aged man
'as gardener and man about place; under-
stands the raising of vegetables; good ref-
erences. M., Box 1149, Call.
GOOD all-around, hotel or restaurant cook
wants position; no objection to country. Box
1152, Call. . ; > V:- .v.
JAPANESE boy who has many years' experi-
ence In retouching photographs wants situa-
tion. S. 1., 22 Prospect place.
GERMAN gardener seeks work by the day or
month. Address Box 1148, Call.
MAN and wife desire employment on ranch,
man to do ranch work and wife to do cook-
ing or to take care of a place. J. E. 8., box
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wants
steady work, city or country, as foreman
Call or address 155 Lexington aye., bet. Elgh-
teenth and Nineteenth. Mtesion and Valencia.
MAN. thoroughly understands gardening, care
of horses, cows, chickens and handy with
tools, references, desires situation; private
place. H. G. ZOOT. Redwood City, Cal.
SWISS gardener (good landscaper) wants a po-
sition in private house or institution Cali-
fornia or abroad: speaks English. French.
German and Spanish languages; good refer-
ences. Address MR. LUDEMANN, Pacific
Nursery. Presidio.
WANTED— Situation as valet or attendant to
invalid by thoroughly reliable, steady Eng-
lishman: well educated: good manners and
appearance. Address TRAVELER, box 1091.
Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 night; $1 SO to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
NEAT refined girl light upstairs work and 1
child, $12. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK. $30; apply early. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. '
COOK* boarding house, $3Q; two second girls.
$20 and $15; cook, 3 in family. $2d; houseglrl.
$25- young girl to assist; waitress, $15. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
2 RESTAURANT waitresses, $5 per week each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife as cook and gardener 2 In
family, $40, see party here. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. .
REFINED middle-aged woman, country $10,
as companion and light work. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
6 WAITRESSES, $20 and $25 per month; hotels
and boarding houses, city country. «0
and $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young nurse girl, $10 country; nurse,
city $20; nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN. 6a
Sutter st. •_
YOUNG girl, assist. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter at. . _ , .
2 WAITRESSES and chambermaids, same
house. $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
2 WAITRESSES, $30 per month each, private
families. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Berkeley. ?25; ._*-•*_»•_
$30; Modesto, $20; Redwood City, $20. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. __
GERMAN cook. $30; Iris* cook, $30; 15 house-
work girls, city and country. $20 1 and $20. 8
young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISb CbL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St. _
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant I<S5
•> waitresses, country hotel, $25; 6 waitresses,
different country hotels, $20; 2 waitresses,
city. $20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; I
chambermaids to wait, country $20; fancy
lroner, $10 week, see party here 10:30. C, it.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN girl for housework and cooking,
small American family, $25; German house
girl $20; German or Scandinavian cook, $30;
second girl and waitress, German, for Ala-
meda, $25; second and care children, $20: and
many house girls. $15 to $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
4 GERMAN. North of Ireland. Encllsh or
Scotch nurses, $20 and $2. >; 2 Protestant sec-
ond girls, $20; 3 waitresses and parlor maids.
$25; 2 cooks. German style, $2.".; and a large
number of girls for cooking and housework,
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Batter st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian cook. 3 In family,
$25; girl for general housework, American
family of 3 $25: 5 waitresses, $15 and $20,
$5 and $6 week; and others. J. F. CHOSETT
& CO., 316 Batter st.
WANTED— Cooks. chambermaids, nurseglrls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkln st. • ;
FOUR waitresses, country hotels, $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
REFINED girl for second work and assist with
2 children; references. l t; " Fell st.
YOUNG woman to help In kitchen and wash
dishes. Call 136 Second St. ______
GIRL wanted for general housework; wages
$12; references. 2322 Devlsadero st.
YOUNG lady to learn the trade of Job print-
ing. 2127 Mission St.. near Seventeenth.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on ladies' cloaks and
suits. I. VISHOOT'S. 810 Howard st.
MARRIED woman or active young woman for
rooming house. Bet. 8 and 12 a. m.. 420 6th.
EXPERIENCED ladles' tailors: good pay.; per-
manent place. M. J. KELLER CO., Oak-
land. _
5 INTELLIGENT ladles; good salary. Gregory
block. Oakland, room 45; hours 2 to 4.
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady or gen-
i tleman. Room 4, 408 California et.
GIRL to mind baby. $6 to $S: one who sleeps
home preferred. 1532 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Neat German girl or woman for
light housework. 4.".1 Guerrero st.
WANTED— A rich contralto. MARGARET
JACKSON, studio, 523 Turk St.
OPERATORS on skirts: electric power. DA-
VIDSON & MILLER. 731 Market st.
WANTED— to establish agencies; sal-
ary and expenses. Box 1079. Call.
HELP WANTED M_'i LE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main EMS
WANT TO-DAY
Boiler maker for large company
Carpenter $2 50 day
Ranch carpenter J26 and found
Butcher for ranch ..J3" and found
Coal miners, furnace man. .concrete laborers
Woodchoppers. farm hands, choreboys, etc.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SHORT-ORDER cook, $8 week; cooks, city and
country hotels; 3 first-class hotel waiters, $25
and found; waiter, plain place. $25 and found.
-MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1-3
Teamsters railroad work free fare
Call at 7 o'clock with blankets ready to go.
Laborers new railroad work
5 Scandinavian laborers, $30 and board;
laundryman, country hotel, $23 and found;
elevator man, $20 and found; 2 Japanese for
housework, $20 each; waiter for a mine, $23;
first-class waiter, country, $35, and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — First-class mining blacksmith;
blacksmith and woodworker, $35 and board;
Scandinavian or Swiss man about place, $30;
drift gravel miners, $40 and board; cooks,
waiters and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., b.'>B Sacramento st.
SECOND cook, country hotel, $40. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny St.
KITCHEN man, country hotel, $15. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny St.
STRONG boy or man for coal yard: $15 to start
with. Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
TAILORS — Coat and pants makers wanted for
the country- Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.,
Market and Second sts.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply at 11 a. m. to
CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market st.
INTELLIGENT boy to learn the printing trade.
109 California St., room 21.
, , — , ■
BOY to learn trade. California Photo-Engrav-
ing Co.. 513 Market St.
SHOEMAKER on repairing. 525 Laguna St.,
near Hayes. .
BARBER shop for sale at a sacrifice; 2 chairs;
15c and 25c. Inquire at 2043 Mission st.
FOR sale — 1-chalr barber shop on account of
death; good living assured. Inquire at sa-
loon, S. W. cor. Steuart and Howard sts.
WANTED, by a tea importing firm, a capable
party who is a Judge of tea to take a posi-
tion In a capacity where faithful work and
ability will insure rapid advancement; only
applicants desired who are qualified to submit
to a very critical examination, testing their
ability to value various grades of Japan and
China teas on cup quality and style: submit
full particulars as to age. nationality, refer-
ences and compensation expected. Address,
Tea Expert, box 1143, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS ornamenter and striper on safes.
The Waltz Safe. 102-111 Market St.
TEN more genteel men wanted. $2 to $4 per
day.' 631 Golden Gate aye.
TAILORS on custom coats. 46 Ellis, room 54.
LADIES' tailor wanted for country; good
wages to right man; must be sober, rapid,
thoroughly proficient In all details and first-
class operator. Apply at STEIN, SIMON &
CO. '3.
BARBERS attention— to the welfare of
the barbers in general, J. J. Heinz, the em-
ployment secretary of the Barbers' Protective j
Union, has been authorized to extend the em-
ployment department into the interior
throughout the coast and see that none but re-
liable help is furnished. Office 630 Market St.,
down-stairs.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens or the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know >
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
summer. rates or . percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
SAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers; seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
BARBERS* Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 250
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
50 MEN to go on whaling cruise: no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber college, 138V4 Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
.. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
Eolelng. 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, loc. 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 30 wk. Elcho House. 863^4 Market st.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE furnished fine large sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c night: reading room: fre»
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.:*:*V : r; AGENTS WANTED.
: . WANTED— trustworthy men to can-
• " vase and collect; good income assured, with
"• great opportunity for advancement. Apply 8
.to 9 a. m . 4 to 6 p. m.. W. BROWNE, Ell
. - Montgomery st.
LADIES and gents, full line for each; quick
sellers; good profits. 343 C San Jose aye, near
:\- Twenty-sixth St.
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre; best
. 25c ortlcla on earth. BROWN, 332 Bush st.
'.BE wise and get In while the proposition Is
t.-iv ■■■■ : -i .k.. ypori money. IS3 Seventh at.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted with 5200 cash to Jo!n~old
prospector in Porcupine district of Alaska
Address H. P. ELLIS. 501 Pest, or call; rm. 6
1 — '.., _ . ——-—»—-»_,
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILL buy furniture of 3 or 4 rooms complete
. for ):■.:,■ kp. ; ;-!lt, Box 433. Call office.
li Ol.> L. S WANTED.
WANTED to rent — a cottage in country; 5 or 6
■ . rooms; about IV4 hours from city. Address
' r- ,\ 115 S. Call office. [
ROOMS WANTED.
' ELDERLY German lady wishes 2 rooms for
seki 1 Ing; private family. Box 1133, Call.
\VANT_O— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— 2 or 3 horsepower gas engine; state
Box 1141. Call.
'. SECOND-HAND incubator cheap; state price
and accommodation. Address box 1145, Call.
WANTED— IO tons old rubber, all kinds. Ad-
___■___ S. F. Iron Yard. 204 Mission st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
• AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
pate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
'.. $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
- ... Cramer; good for practice $72
.;■■ Weber; fine condition 161
'•" . Sterling; walnut case 185
... .■ Bradford grand upright 190
Easy payments: guaranteed. BENJ. CUR-
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
16. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HORN UNO'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tist?; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
. FOR Upright piano cheap. Call at 235^
■ Perry st.
' $150— ELEGANT upright; stool, cover; on $5
installments. 1115 Post st.
' PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted.
Send postal card to COOKE. 1081 Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms., 1710 Mkt.
NEW pianos, stool and scarf. $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., 660 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Haliett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
Ulster st., next Hlbemla Bank.
FOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent. 30S Post •.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
' Maury. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O"Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SAL*:— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. ;d-hand machinery- Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
. FINE cow a couple of days of calving; Jersey
and Durham. S3O Preclta ive.
•.. PRENTICE lathe, pcrew cutting, full set of
<• - attachments. See owner. 728 Capp st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
GAS and gasoline engines; , all. sires and
t rices: second hand engines purchased and
exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co.. £03 Cal. St. j
Merry Mineral Water Co.. Oakland. Cal. ; natural
cure for female complaints, stomach, kidney,
liver, bowel disorders, rheumatlsnv.sampl; write.
PULLETS covered by patent leather prevent
slippage; saves power. Ca!. Belt Co., 619
35,000 ft. rubber nd leather belting: all widths;
half price. WHITE'S. 514-513 Mission st.
BEAUTIFUL mahogany desk and bookcase
con.bined; very cheap. 222 Sixth st.
KLONDIKERS— Deerskin outfit for sale. 205%
Fourteenth st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe for sale cheap
at 42 Main st^
SAFES— AII sizes new and second- hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 B<>ale St.
OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co. ; tables,
ealoon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100; 2. $125;
.* S. $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
• -POLYPHONE. $35: attachment <only). $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl. 92:: Mkt.
BAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes, half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pag>-8. in wrapper, for mailing, SI per year.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
Faylng, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
FRENCH classes, under the auspices of 'Al-
liance Francaise," will open at the French
Library afternoons and evenings for adults
only graduate teachers from French Govern-
ment will give tuition; every pupil who Joins
cIaFS becomes member of the library. For
terr.-s apply at French Library, City of Paris
bldg., Geary and Stockton. 3 to 4. 8 to 9 p. m.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rrns. 572-6. Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ;
J shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship. 180; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: runny rooms; low rates; day,
. -evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
' LEGE. 1236 Market st.
NEVER tco late to get good teacher. Prof. L.
Mf-rki. violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
Inp mech. purvey, assay, archi.: day & eve.:
" pst.' 1564. VAN PEP. NAILLEN. 931 Market.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in the
T'nlt'«-1 giat^. postpaid, for $1 per year.
LOST.
LOST— Purs.c in "alifornla-st. car. Return to
9 Sansome st. '
- STRAYED from 1040 Dolores St.— A black setter
pup 1 year old. Return to above address and
receive reward. There Is a scar on dog
." known only to owner which will be means of
-.' Identification. CHARLES F. STONE.
LOPT— Lady's cold watch, marked inside of
«over "Nellie F. Kemp from H. F. Marsh.
" ' Return H. F. Marsh Jr.. £26 Market: reward.
LOST— 2 solitaire diamond rings Sunday night
" at or near Third and Bryant su\ ; liberal re-
ward. Return to UVij Bryant st. ■
LOST— A email tan dog- with brown stripe
down back; tongue hangs out: answers to
the me of "Wa Wa." Liberal reward and
no questions asked by returning to room 72.
- . Palace Hotel. H. C. MINER.
• LO«=T— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco In the
. name of AUGUST SCHUTT. No. 222-825. The
; ' finder will please return to bank.
; ATTORNEYS at LAW..
AT^vlcE~fneeTß~W^Klngr. attorney at law; Cth
floor Chronicle building; no advance charges;
tsUites mortgages, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, etc.,
drawn; moderate fees; call or -write. - :
ADVICE- free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, £50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS,
14 McAllister St., near Hibernla Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE Free? no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, .'27 Market 6t. • A
BUSINESS CHANCES. r.
A— sl2oo— CORNER grocery and bar; 1 block from
City Hall; 5 years' lease; a good paying busi-
ness; established for years; new stock; best
class of custom.; owner to make a trip to
Gt-rm'any. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market.
A— S4OO— SALOON ; doing a splendid business; j
best down-town, location; California and
Montgomery sts.; rent $45. Call WILKE ft
UNFUG. SO6 Market St. "
TRANSFER comer saloon: IS furnished
rooms; 3 pianos; cash register, safe, etc.;
clearing about $175 per month; large stock
of liquors; sickness cause of "a great bargain.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st. •
$225— CIGAR -stand, Stockton and Market sts.
WILKE & UNFUG. 90S Market at.
$150— BRANCH bakery with 4 living rooms;
rent $20; on McAllister St.: daily receipts,
$10. WILKE &, UNFUQ, 906. Market st.
SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab-
lished many years: always been money-mak-
ing place; best location; close to California on
Kearny st. ; rent low:* ' Particulars WILKE
_& UNFUQ. 906 Market St.
ATTENTION grocers; the best paying
corner grocery and bar in this city; estab-
lished for many years and doing Hrst-claes
paying cash • store and bar trade; choicest
location; close to Baldwin Hotel; owner
must leave for Europe on account of family
affairs; a great sacrifice. Address box 400.
Call office.
$1600— SALOON, receipts $25.
$900— Saloon, receipts $15 to $20.
?S50 — Saloon, receipts $15.
Good locations; best bargains in city. NA-
TIONAL AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
$SOO— BARBER shop; 6 chairs; clears $100; sell-
ing acc't sicknesß. Nat'l Agency, 7 Grant aye.
SALOON and lunch counter; receipts $7;
rent $20. NATIONAL AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
$200— DINING parlor; nicely, fitted; will clear
$75; good place for man and wife or 2 ladies.
NATIONAL AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
! PARTNER wanted, manufacture ladies'
cloaks; money used to enlarge present sue-
.. cessful business; a fortune to be made in a
few years. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary.
I $200— PARTNER, light business; $18 a week; no
I experience required; trial given; see it. West-
ern Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$150— SALOON; $3 clear a day; sickness. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$200— BARBER shop; elegantly furnished; good
trade. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$300— HOTEL; half price on account of de-
parture; this Is a rare bargain. McLAUGH-
LIN CO., 777 Market st.
$2500— HOTEL: near city; paying: established
business; trial given. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market 3t.
$250— PARTNER wanted; old established In-
door business; will pay $75 to $100 per month
to each yearly. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777
Market St.
{ LADY partner wanted; half interest; $50 per
week Insured; $750 required. Baslle. s:;; - Mkt.
$350— WORTH $800; coal yard, hay, grain, oil
route; 150 customers. BASILE, 873V4 Market.
FOR business chances, . rooming -houses, city
and country- real estate, bonds, stocks, loans, j
etc., call un CLARK & CO.. room £09. Ex-
antiner build! ig. !
GROCER'S and bar. well stocked. Seventeenth j
and Noe. for sale, cheap; established 12
years; low rent, store and 3 living rooms; j
lease obtainable; store and inventory open
for Inspection. For particulars apply on
premises or to CURTIN & BEAL'S, room 24.
3d floor. Mills building^
PARTY with $5000 can purchase interest in cor-
poration having monopoly on valuable staple :
and secure an agency, worth that amount a
year. ' Principals may address box 1161, Call
office, for interview; no particulars given by
mail; this opportunity is strictly bona fide
and only open a few days.
$150— PARTNERSHIP in good paying business;
$75 per month each. 1027^ Market, upstairs.
FOR sale, cheap—A well-established oyster '
house. 836^ Sixth st. _'
WHEEL of fortune at great bargain. Inquire
at 104 Seventh st.
FOR sale— Best centrally located barber shop
in San Jose; proprietor being otherwise en-
gaged will sell at a great sacrifice. Address
A. F. NOFTZ, 36 Fountain St., San Joee, Cal. ;
WANTED — Young man of good appearance as
partner -in a business where experience Is ;
not required. Inquire at 17A Sixth St., rm. 2.
OLD-ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale,
with stock and tools. Inquire 630 Broadway.
FOR sale— neat restaurant at 129 Fourth st. ;
3125. ■ .
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; no
cheap work; low rent. 332 Bush st^
I*3oo— HORSESHOEING . shop; good location;
departure cause sale. McLaughlin, 777 Mkt.
SALOON for rale In good cojintry town; corner
lot- property — good stock r>f liquors, cigars 1
and fixtures; price asked $2000. For particu-
lars Inquire of W. SCJIMALZ. 220 Kearny,
corner Hardie place, basement saloon, city.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day. or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Halgnt St.
$350— RESTAURANT : worth $1000: selling on i
account of death in family; receipts $30 per
day; located in 200-room hotel; owner going ,
to Europe; no agents. Call 913 Kearny et. .
FOR sale cheap; must be sold; grocery, wood,
coal, hay and feed business. ; whole or sepa-
rate. Apply northeast corner Valley and Do-
lores sts. 1
WANTED— A few good men with $1000 cash
each to Join in a first-class business; $10,000
a year Income to each. Box 1106, Call office.
A— To buy or sell your business quick for cash.
Apply to MOON & CO., 10O8H Market st.
SALOON and restaurant, city front; 14 fur-
nished rooms; large yard; rent $25. Apply
Call office.
FOR sale— Coal yard; good business. Western
Addition; well stocked. F. G. B. MILLS, 240 ;
Steuart Ft. •
DELICACY and dairy produce store doing a
good business for sale. Box 11,37 Call office.
GREAT snap; delicacy store; $275, worth $1000.
Call at 1054 Valencia and Twenty-second sts.
BAKERY In country town; good store trade: 4
horses and 2 wagons; $1200. Apply Call office
FINE restaurant; fine fixtures; good location;
will sell less than invoice. Call office.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business, Including stock
and good will. 340 Third* et.
COSMOPOLITAN Hotel business; Peta-
luma, Cak; 44 rooms; well furnished, and bar.
FOR sale Dry goods business. Address P. O.
box 112, Benicia, Cal.
SALOON. Inquire Anchor Brewery, after 3 p.
m ., or at 636 Third St. •
$150— LIGHT manufacturing business; clears
$100 per month. Box 1093. Call office^
SALOON, good paying, business quarter. Ap-
ply book store, cor. Clay and Montgomery.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWKLL & CO.'S. 41') Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER
Office, 1020 MARKET ST.
15-room house; central; $100 cash ' $ 300
30 rooms; rent $30; on Mission st 1300
54-room house; clears $300 2000
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
6-room flat; cheap rent 175
28-room house: clears $150 650
24-room house; new furniture 1400
18-room house; fine corner 1000
14- room house; new and good 800
16-room; fine corner; must sell , 900
11-room house: clears $75 600
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. sth.
A— KREDO & CO 22V4 GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms; 10c, 15c, 20c; clears $300 $5000
65 rooms; best on Fourth St.; half cash.. 2400
49 rooms; Geary St.; will pay for Itself... 1600
28 rooms; housekeeping; clears $100 800
16 rooms; Post St.: all full; cheap rent... 850
9 rooms; new 'and clean: clears $25 300
6-room flat; Geary St.: elegant house.,.. 400
40-ROOM lodging" house: good location: owner
has run It for 10 years; compelled to sell
account of other business: a bargain; cheap
rent. Call 317 Third st.
PRIVATE rooming house, 19 rooms, partly fur-
nished in housekeeping flats; all full: sunny;
central: $500. i Box 843, Call office, Oakland.
HYDE. 299—25 rooms; nicely furnished; 30 to
40 boarders; I cut: cheap rent; good-paying I
house: fine location: no triflers.
24 ROOMS In good location; always full; price
1900. Inquire DICK YON DER MEHDEN,
03 Fourth St.
SIXTH. 420—28 rooms, all rented, for sale
cheap; good reason for selling: pays well.
TURK, 127 — 17 rooms, all rented, for sale cheap;
party going East.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cnll 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one • year for $1,
postage paid.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms, complete for house-
keeping; cheap. 622 Howard.
4 ROOMS furnished In eak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
~~~~' SEWING MACHI-.ES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. - I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 1899.
PERSONALS.
LINCOLN BROTHERS.
Butter, 25c roll; picnic hams, 7^Ac lb; cheese,
12^c lb; flour, Ssc sack; cornmeal, 20c sack:
20 lbs rice, $1; 25 cans sardines, $1: 10 cans
table fruit. $1; 2." lbs prunes, pears, pearl bar-
ley or split peas. $1; tomatoes. 90c dozen; 8
lbs coffee, $1. LINCOLN BROTHERS, 226
Sixth St.. above Folsom.
LEDERER'S Quinonia Hair Tonic, the finest
hair food, 35c bottle. LEDERER'S Foamo,
the best shampoo, Go pkg. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER the leading hairdresser, price 25c;
longest hair rolls, only 35c; stock of fine wigs
to be closed out, $3; wigs for $2 50; must go;
switches, $1. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited. ,
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
WRINKLES removed a specialty at the new
and handsome quarters, Harmonlo Life In-
stitute, 70S Sutter St., near Taylor; consulta-
tion free; receptions every Monday and
Thursday -from 2 to 3 p. m.
ELECTRIC lights In even' room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter Bt. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, 50c up; this week
only; artistic opera dressing. La Verite Hair-
dressing Parlors, 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
RUBBER goods of every description; catalogue
free. EDWIN MERCER & CO.. Toledo. O.
THS genuine misfit, 272 Fifth St.; $30 and $40
suits at your own price; perfect fit guarant'd.
PRIVATE residence for ladles In delicate
health. MRS DR. FUNKE, 141 C Sth, Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no in-
jection ;guarntd. Dr. Gordln.oH Pine.ab.Kearny
DR. F. YON BUELOW has removed from 522
Valencia to 1206 Market St., rooms 9 and 10.
BATHS, 12Vic; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
. FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
. A — Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture.bought,
sold; teL Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 "Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESS.MAIi.ERS.
DRESSMAKER— Offered agency; newest dress
cutting system; big profits. J. G.. box 1181.
Call office.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up; drosses made
over; perfect fit.. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN
" — ** ~ *" — ~* *~* ~* — ~~~" — ™ "" — **— * *~— ' ~* ~*
SPIRITUALISM.
A—MRS. J. J. WHITNE I edlum,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. . $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP, spirit seer. 1724 Market
• st., near Polk; counsel, 50c; by letter, 50c;
\ meetings every night, 10c.
| MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. •. 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
i MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVED— Extraordinary good news for all;
MME. E. CURLEY has permanently located
at 337 Geary St.. bet. Powell and Mason. Her
success as a medium has startled the entire
world. Her power is acknowledged by press
and public to b<» of the highest order. She
advisee you to a certainty by a higher than
human power. Her parlors are thronged by
anxious people looking for important infor-
mation, and every reply is most gratifying;
all are pleased. Without a question she tells
each caller their name and for what they
came. She gives advice on business, specu-
lation, lawsuits, old estates, love, courtship
and marriage— everything. The unfortunate
and troubled should seek her counsel and
start aright. Positively no attention paid to
letter unless $1 accompanies. 9 a. m. to 9:30
p. m. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond slurht; diagnoses disease: full life read-
Ing; ladies, BOc: gents, $1; sit., $150. 126 Turk.
BLANCHE DE — Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 1531.4 Sth. r. 21.
NINTH. Your future told by cards; ladies.
10c; gentlemen. 25c; satisfaction guaranteed.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
and' palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny it., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Fam»ll st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Oer-
mainp, 3358 Twenty-first St., above Valencia;
tel. White 1571; reading by mall. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
st.; 15 "years' experience; references given.
DENTISTS.
DrT*T. S. HIGGINS 1 Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive: badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
at the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., corner Fourth, room 7, Flood building,
you can have your extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, & a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday,
9 to 2 p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.,
Manager.
A FULL pet of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; filling, 50c: crowns, $3 60; all
•work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 3 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason St., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM -Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ton operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices in 8. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4; filling, gold, 50c; silver, 25c; crowns. $3.
~~~ CArtPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor .work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
Bt.'; cleaning, So per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 128.
HORSES.
4(pHORSEB for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. \
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
ICO SETS second-hand harness; . wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 11*0 Folsoni st.
HOUSES TO LET.
GOLDEN GATE. 1915— Eiesant house of S'
rooms ; nearly new; $30.
HOUSE to let: 6 rooms. 23V4 Morris aye.. near
Sixth and Harrison sts.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.
cottagesTtcTlet.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 521
X St., Sunset District.
*LATS TO LET.
~FLATS. I HOUSES.
4 rms • 423 Bryant. |lJ; 14 rms.; 721 Ashbury.s7o
3 rms.; 120 William 10112 rms.; 2723 Pacific. 70
4 rms ; 606 Shotwell 11, 8. rms.; 1220 Laguna. 35
3 rms.; 521 Linden. » 6 rms. ; 707 Ellis 25
E rms.; 709 Green'h. 9 6 rms.; 642 Howard. 20
4 rms. ; 177 Rubs S 6 rms. ; 6 William... 18
3 f me. ; 250 Tehama 7 5 rms. ; 230% Third.. 14
A. M. SPECK & CO., 677 Market st.
CLAY 1415 A. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde-
First-class sunny flat, S rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD St., near Castro; upper
Eunny 5 rooms; $15.
597 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
47 Pond st. ; upper sunny 5 rooms; $14.
! OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st^
SHOTWELL, 811, -near Twenty-second— Flat of
4 rooms and bath.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath, 6% Dearborn,
off 17th, between Valencia and Guerrero.
$9—3 SUNNY rooms; 637 Bryant st. Keys 401
Third st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT^HoteT~Francisco. Turk and Taylor ets.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
CHESTNUT, 293— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; cheap; fine view and sun; no smull
children.
FOLSOM 1805, corner Fourteenth— Unfurnished
parlor suite and kitchen; rent $12; adults.
FULTON, 671—3 furnished rooms for house-
keeplng; $13.
GEARY, 1505—3 large sunny rooms, connecting,
gas range, bath, closet, $16.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—1, 2 or 3 sunny
rooms; complete; hkpg; bath, etc.; $12 to $25.
HARRIET, 270— 4-room flat for sale; furnished
for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 829— Housekeeping from $1 50 to $3
week; also other rooms ; cheap.
MARKET. 1940V4, cor. Haight— 2 housekeeping
rooms, $10, other rooms, $1 per week; sunny.
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; large yard.
MISSION. 839— Large sunny room; complete
for housekeeping, $2; small rooms. $1.
MISSION, 2133— Three sunny connecting, fur-
nished rooms, kitchen, bath; reasonable ;
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
suite; gas, water, stove; $12.
NINTH, 111 — 2 bedrooms and kitchen connected;
bath; all conveniences; rent reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 413Vfe — Sunny 4 rooms; yard; com-
pletely furnished: housekeeping: reasonable.
POLK, 522^ — 2 rooms, complete for housekeep-
ing; lent $12.
POWELL, 418— Housekeeping rooms, front and
back room.
ENBON. 403, cor. of sth— Nicely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; complete; cheap.
STOCKTON. 1307 — Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap^
THIRD, 340 — 2 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing, $1 50 per m
TWELFTH . ly furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; gas stove; ee-
lect locality.
VAN NESS, 31— Suite of 3 bay-window sunny
rooms, rent $18; also 2 single.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Ptat«s. postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET.
i ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
I tunny rooms; en suite or single: first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
7\T Stockton, 142— Snnny front rooms; suites,
single, facing plaza; day or month^
AT 62 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 56; night. 25c to 50c
BI'KN-TT. 1428 Market told No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, puites. single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 634. The La Mar— Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
! GEARY. 556— Large sunny bay-window front
room: also suites for hkpg; other rooms.
GEART, T36, near Leavenworth-2 neatly fur-
nished rooms; bath; $4 and $5.
I GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, "014— One single front room and 1
suitable for 2 gentlemen; rent low.
LEWIS, 18, oft Taylor, near Post— TWo large
rooms and kitchen; private family^
MASON, 225— Nicely furnished sunny baywln-
d iw rooms, $2 a week up; also transient.
MCALLISTER, 677— Furnished rooms; also
housekeeping first flat; cheap.
MCALLISTER, SlS— Newly furnished sunny
room; running water; private family.
i MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
j bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL 20- JSunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 502— Large sunny parlor suite
and front alcove, prettily furnished; private.
PINE. 614 A, near Kearny— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite: $5 up^
SEVENTH, 182 (Glrard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.^^
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 409. an-i Mint aye., 22. near
Fifth— Sunny furnished rms, prate ;sl_up.^
SUNNT front room for gentleman only. 226^4
Fulton »t^
TI'RK, 543- Nicely furnished sunny room, $150
per week: also one at $1 per week.
VAN NESS avenue, 904- Newly furnished
front room, $10: also room off parlor.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suits.
HYDE, 299— Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board; families solicited: reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable; table board.
POST, 609, near Mason— Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all hours.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
• very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
SUTTER, 1128 — Nicely furnished rooms over-
looking 'garden: board; desirable location.
RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'S, 16 Mason f-t. — French dinner, 50c;
lunch. 25c or a la carte: pri. rms. for ladles.
CAMPI'S Restaurant; any 2 150 dishes, with
pmall coffee, 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 48 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and lea
cream pqrl"r. 1035 Market. : popular prices.
CHJLDRE:. BOARDED.
WANTED— ChiId to board; sunny room: good
board; best of care; terms $8. Address R. 8.,
Call branch office, 387 Hayes St.
GOOD home for children not younger than 1
year, $2 per week or $3 per month. Apply 210
Lexington aye.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth et; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. B. CAPP & CO.. real estate agents. 630
Market St.
CLEMENTINA, 23— Store; 4 rooms and bar
fixtures; cheap rent; key upstairs.
MILK depot to let on Third st. Particulars at
243 Seventh st.
$25 — GROCERY and bar fixtures complete; B.W.
cor. Zoe and Bryant sts. Keys 401 Third st.
STABLES TO LET.
TO LET — A barn containing 15 stalls; low rent.
Inquire at 1630 Mission Ft.
PHYSICIANS.
MRs7~DRS. DONOVAN. 621 Hayes St.; all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs.
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. CDonnell, office
and residence. 1021& Market, bot. 6th and 7th.
TYPEWRITERS. .
ALlTlypewTiters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER 4% CO., HO Montgomery.
CITY REAL. 'ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
• 10 Montgomery st.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$10,500— Fine Investment near Market and Va-
lencia; corner lot, 62:6x55; splendid Improve-
ments; all rented; mortgage. $6000. can remain.
PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT.
Clementina st., near Fourth;, 2 2-story
houses; store and flats; rent $39; mortgage of
$2iOC-can remain.
BUSINESS CORNER.
Church and Clipper; 2-story building;
store and flat; lot 30x100.
A HOME AT THE MISSION.
$200 CASH. $20 MONTHLY.
Twenty-sixth St.. near Castro; nice bay-
window cottage; contains 5 rooms and bath;
this property is cheap at $2500.
$3500— cash, balance same as rent; Lake
St., near Ninth aye.: lot 30x72, backing up to i
Presidio Park; new bouse of 7 rooms and bath
and basement.
$22,000— An offer wanted; Drumm-st. corner,
within 1 block of Market St.; old improvements;
would pay well If properly Improved.
$4550—124 Beulah St., close to Golden Gate
Park, bet. Waller and Frederick; lot. 25x137:6,
with brand-new 2-story bay-window residence
of 8 rooms and bath, etc.; finished basement;
street accepted; open Sunday. •.-
GREAT BARGAIN.
$2200— Handsome new bay-window cottage. 6
rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x120; Fourteenth aye..
near Clement st. ; facing proposed drive con-
necting the Park with the Presidio.
$9000— Clay St., near Battery; 3-story brick
building; store and 2 floors above; cement base-
ment: rent $70.
$3250— Fine business corner on Seventeenth st. ;
new corner building, containing store and flat
of 5 rooms above; also new building containing
2 flats of 4 rooms and bath each; rents $74; all
rented; this property is a fine Investment.
$12,000— Rent $102; Hayes st., near Baker; lot
50x187:6; 6 flats of 6 and 6 rooms each; all
rented. ■ ■."■• .' ■:-
$6500—1315 Mason St., near Jackson; lot 35x
137:6, with 3-story residence of 12 rooms and
bath; also rear house of 5 rooms; stable for 6
horses.
$3750— Rent $87; Folsom-st. corner; 5 tenants;
lot 25x112:6; a splendid interest-paying property.
$7250—2 fine handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath; best portion of Devlsadero at.;
rent $62 50; lot 25x100.
$400 CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
$4000— New corner residence; Dolores st.;. con-
tains 7 large sunny rooms; latest sanitary
plumbing; large lot, 33x100; portion of lot va-
cant and plenty of room for another building.
$300 CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RENT. .
?500O— new residence, 8 rooms; hardwood,
floors; beautifully decorated rooms; latest
plumbing; street work accepted; 767 Cole st.,
near Frederick: no reasonable offer refused.
$3500— Seventh-st. corner, near Folsom: lot 25x
SO; ground rent $20.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
PARK LOTS!!! PARK LOTS!!!
SELLING LIKE HOT CAKES.
Take a car to-day and see the improvements
going on in Sunset District. Note the larce
amount of street work being done. . See the
homes being built, etc. Sunset Is the most
thriving and progressive section of the city,
and is a splendid place to invest in lots.
Lots facing on Eighth. Ninth. Tenth and
Eleventh ayes., at prices ranging from $200
upward. . .
TERMS $25 CASH,
$5 MONTHLY.
Take the Haight or Ellis-st. oars and transfer
to the electric road which runs to the Cliff
House, get off at H st. and Ninth aye. We
have a branch office there. Always open, Sun-
days included.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MEDICAL..
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by corn-
suiting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WTETH, 942 Post st., bet.
Hyde and Larktn; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
I diseases: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS DR. GWYER, 6*l Eddy St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: office hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to S. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief.
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc • babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay -cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 122S Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and pure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5: by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years: see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR G W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
femaie specialist, relives monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases or Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money,
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write, K83% Market st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly, consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5 p. m.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics:
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known: reliable, safe and rure: cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills II; cure
$5. 13— Market St.. bet. 7th-Bth, tel. Mint 1633.
DR. and MRS, AVEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted Into good
home*; call before consulting others.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond 'Brand), best. safe, reliable: take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon- to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
Ft.; $1 50. Send -2c stamp, for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 631 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D.: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
LADIES— Instant relief for monthly troubles
or money back: $5 up. Dr. Wise. 1113 Market.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs.;
IMf«4 Howard: Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
I!: WO^'f- HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
,■;)=••* of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and b«°t in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Ftates. nontPltld for M per year.
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
DELINQUENT SALE NOTICE— McCaII Sliding
Hinge Window Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business. San Francisco. Cal.
NOTICE— There is delinquent upon the fol-
lowing described stock, on account of assess-
ment levied on the 14th day of February, A. D.
1899 the several amounts set opposite tha
names of the respective shareholders, aa fol-
loW ' : * No. No.
Names— Cert. Shares. Amt.
Elvln C. McCall « 10.000 $500
Elvin C McCall 7 6,000 300
Elvin C. McCall 8 1.000 60
Elvln C. McCall 9 1.000 50
Clarence C. McCall 10 10.000 600
Clarence C. McCall 11 6.000 300
Clarence C. McCall... 12 1,000 60
Clarence C. McCall 13 1.000 60
Michail O'Sulllvan 14 10,000 500
Michael O'Sulllvan 15 6.000 300
Michael O'Sulllvan 18 1,000 60
Michael O'Sulllvan... 17 1.000 50
Jonas Weyl 18 . 6,000 300
And In accordance with law and an order of
the board of directors, made on the I4th day
of February, 1899, so. many shares of each par-
cel of such stock as may be necessary will be
sold at the office of the company, No. 215
Golden Gate avenue. San Francisco. Cal.. on
Tuesday, the 4th day of April, at the hour of
12 o'clock m. of said day. to pay delinquent as-
sessments thereon, together with the costs of
advertising and expenses of the sale.
F.LVtN C. McCALL. Secretary.
Office, 215 Golden Gate aye.. San Francisco,
Cal.
~ ~* PROPOSALS.
SAN~FRANCIS<S6, Cal., February 22, 1599?-
Sealed proposals, In trinlicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 12 o'clock noon,
Friday, March 24, 1899. and then opened, for
"Doing all the printing, and furnishing all
material therefor, that may be required at
Headquarters Department of California, dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30. 1900."
Preference will he given to articles of domes-
tic production or manufacture, conditions of
quality and price (including In the price of
foreign productions or manufacture the duty
thereon) being equal. The U. S. reserves the
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
In whole or In part. Information furnished
on application to undersigned.^ Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked "Pro-
posals for Printing." and addressed to J. M.
Marshall. Deputy Quartermaster General. U.
S. A.. Chief Quartermaster.
" STORAGE.
PIERX'E-RUDOLPH Storage urn! U .vlng Co.
Offlc<«, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
" Ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
'
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY $200! ONLY $100! 'INSTALLMENTS!
BEST AND CHEAPEST LOTS NEAR
BOULEVARD AND BEACH!
NEW BLOCKS FINE CLIMATE. SUPERB
VIEW.
$300 to Beautiful Sunset Heights lots;
best home sites in the city; only $25 down. $5
monthly.
Special bargains In Richmond lots— to
$800; ready to build an.
$100 to $300— near Mlsslon-Bt. electric
cars; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly.
Branch Office on Ninth aye.. near H st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDINO.
' — — — i
$450— LOT 75x200, running from 12th to 13th
ayes.. South San Francisco, within 600 feet of.
public school; 2^ blocks from Third-st. elec-
tric cars: title insured. F. A. McNALLY &
CO.. 19 Montgomery st.
MISSION COTTAGES
Four. 5, 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth St.. between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200: small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly: over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
ONLY $250 cash, balance $10 a month;
■ city poultry farm: new double bay-window
house; brick foundation; nice stable, chicken
house and city water; an absolute sacrifice.
P. A. DOLAN. 40 Montgomery St.. room 7.
$2400—824 Elizabeth St.: house of 5 rooms and
bath; fine large basement; $200 cash; monthly
installments.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to SSO per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FAKM CO., rm. 27. Bth floor. Mills bldg.. 9. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COT ATI CO., 302 California St.. S. F.
SALE or Chicken ranch: suburban home:
cheap. T. ABRAMS. box 174. Petaluma. Cal.
~ MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other, good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you' will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d. mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st.; telephone Main 1644.
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty: any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 3d and Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up;
i private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition Prvrien. 413 Montgomery St.
.FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate. 2d mortg., chat-
j tpis. etc Harrier & Kr»»)g<»r. 312 Kmnmirnr big.
TO LEi«E.
FOR Rent— Park House and stages for rent or
lease. For particulars address J. T. ADAMS,
Ben Lomond, Santa Cruz County, ■ Cal.
POINT RICHMOND R. R. terminus: lots, bus-
lness and res. G. W. Halght. 220 Sansome.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL KSTA-'E.
A COTTAGE home or lots for sale; located In
the coming part of "Greater Oakland" ;. In-
vest at present prices and on terms to suit:
the proposed "Emeryville Ferry." the "Cross
Town Boulevard" and "Electric Railroad."
the coming of the "Santa Fe" and the new
"San Pablo-ave. Electric Railroad," coupled
with the beneficial effect of the recent rains,
will make all happy who buy now: try It and
you will never regret it; wait and you can't
touch it. Apply to R. J. MONTGOMERY.
"North Oakland Real Estate Headquarters,"
470 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
A— ss MONTHLY rental for a nice chicken
ranch: 4 large chicken houses, fine brooders.
4 nests, 12 compartments; 6- foot high wire
fencing; very complete for Immediate busi-
ness; will sell, If desired, at a bargain; a
few lots left unsold, $75 upward; $5 cash, $5
monthly; will make special terms if desired;
Allendale settlement. East Oakland; 53 fam-
ilies within 2 years have located and own
their homes; streets all graded, some are
macadamized: neat a fine 3-story schoolhouse
and 3 electric car lines and also a 90-foot
wide boulevard; site, climate and soil the
very best; no fogs nor cold winds here. Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., near
Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner. ____■
WHY PAY RENT? •
We ran sell you a new 2-story house of 7
rooms, modern in every appointment, location
sunny side Adeline, near Fourteenth St., on
payments little above ordinary rent: house
can be finished by April 10. A. J. SAMUELS
& CO., 46$ Ninth St.. Oakland.
$1650— LOT 100x126: in heart of Oakland: will
throw In a good 8-room house;- all In fruit
full bParlnK. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway.
Oakland Cnl.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good »nd cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old wtorf. 408 EW^nth «t. R°e him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2000— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc.: easy terms.
Elegant new home. 8 rooms; lot 42x133;
Santa Clara aye.; terms $400 cash. $25 per mo.
$2680— N»w Colonial cottage, 8 rooms; lot 42x
207; half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash, $25 per month.
$3500— New house of 8 rooms: lot 40x150; fine
location; San Antonio aye.; Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash, $25 per month.
A fine business corner, 25xS2:S; store and flat
above: new and modern; must be sold; owner
going East.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORKAL *■ CO.. 1432 Park i»t.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
"~~ FOR SALE.
$3600—20 ACRES on San Pablo road: 3. miles
from Berkeley; the bargain. E. E. BUNCE,
908 Broadway. Oakland.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
George Hocrter and Leontine Peyre 42-34
W. Simon Stoermer and Frances J. Ne111.. 22-20
Charles S. Ralph and Minnie C. Rlchter.. 36-36
John Kuchler and Annie Dahin 30-23
Sidney G. Clark and Wllhelmlna Bellstedt.2S-2a
"BIRTHS— marriages— deaths.
Birth, marrige and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BOYD— this city, March 20, 1599. to the wife
of S. B. Boyd. a son
~~~~~ MARRIED.
RICHTER— this city. March 22.
1889, Charles C. Ralph and Minnie C. Richter,
both of Sacramento.
~~ ~ DIED. "■
Bierllng. Mrs. F. * McDonald. Rom
Blake. Anna S. C. Macdonald. Madeline
Bradbury. Wymond Madden, Mary F.
Bremer, Louis • Marham. Frederick
Burke, Lieut. W. F. Medina. Jesus
Bruse, Christian G. Mollison. William
Campbell. Mabel L. Morgenroth. Herman
Cavanagh. John Pearson. Isaac N.
Finnerty, C. P. P. Peck. William E.
Ford. Henry C. Pendleton. Emily F.
Gaughran, Maggie PinKnam. Carrie S.
Harrison, Randolph Raven. Iva
Hatton (infant) . Rogers, May
Herman; Frederick Stelllng, John
•Hoffman, J. I>. G. Webb. Cordelia B.
Kenny, John Young. Daly
Leverone. Frank Zahnlsher. Aaron
BIERLING— this city. March 20. 1599. Mrs.
Friederlcke Bierling, beloved mother of Mrs.
Elizabeth Hammersmith., and grandmother of
Alfred, Elsa and Florence Hammersmith and
Hans Dames, a native of Dresden. Germany,
aged 86 years 6 months and 20 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence or
her daughter. Mrs. Elizabeth Hammersmith.
138 Geary street, near Gougfl. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
BLAKE— In Santa Barbara. March 21. 1599,
Anna S. C. Blake.
IT7"The funeral will take place Saturday.
March 25, at 2 o'clock, from Trinity Church,
Santa Barbara.
BRADBURY— In Oakland. March 22. 1 99, Wy-
mond Banninz, beloved son or Philip and
May Bradbury, a native of Oakland, aged 1
year 5 months and 16 days.
E^The funeral will take nlace to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence. Zoo
Telegraph avenue. Interment private. Moun-
tain View Cemetery. • ->>.
BREMER— In this city, March 22, 1899. Louis
Bremer. a native of New York, aged 45 years.
BURKE— anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Lieutenant William F. Burke
this day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, at St.
Charles Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell
streets. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend.
BRUSE— In this city, March 22. 1599. Chris-
tian Gerhard, beloved husband of Caroline
Bruse, father of Fred, Minnie. Harry and
Elsie Bruse. and brother of Bern Bruse. Mrs.
Mary Petersen, Mrs. Lucy Schmidt and Min-
nie Bruse, a native of Oldenburg, Germany,
aged 44 years 8 months and 6 days. A mem-
ber of Crockett Lodge No. 139. F. and A. M.
Past Masters' Association; v San Francisco
Scheutzen. Vereln; Franklin Building and
Loan Society, and Golden Gate Council No.
60, Order Chosen Friends.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where funeral services will be held, under the
auspices of Crockett Lodge No. 139. Crema-
tion I. O. O. F. Crematory.
CAMPBELL— In this city. Marcn 22. 1819. Mabel
Lillian, beloved daughter of Charles R. and
Mabel L. Campbell, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 5 months and 18 days.
CAVANAGH— In Petaluma, March 21. 1599.
John, beloved husband of Delia Cavanagh,
aged 75 years. ■ ■ i '
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from St. Vin-
cent's Catholic Church.
FINNERTY— In this city. March 22. 1899. Chris-
topher P. P., beloved son of Thomas and
Kate Finnerty, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 8 days.
FORD— In this city, March 21, 1898. Henry C.
beloved husband of Katie Ford, father of
Hazel. Ruth, Henry, Reta and Zeta Ford,
beloved son of Margaret Ford, and brother
of Fred and Charles Ford and Mrs. Charles
Potter, a native of New York, aged 4".' years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 408 Rrannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem high
man will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GAUGHRAN— An anniversary requiem high
mass will be celebrated at St. Peter's Church.
Alabama street, between Twenty-fourth- and
Twenty-fifth, for the repose of the soul of
Maggie Gaughran to-morrow (Friday), at 9
o'clock.
HARRISON— In this city. March 21. 1899, Ran-
dolph, beloved husband of Eliza S. Harrison,
a native of Virginia, aged 67 years 6 months
and 21 days. "Blessed are the merciful for
they shall obtain mercy."
KT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple, Post and Montgomery streets, where
the services will be held under the auspices
of Mount Mortal) Lodge No. 44, F. and A. M.
Members of Washington Lodge No. 66, A. O.
U. W., and San Francisco Lodge No. 19, K.
. of H., are' respectfully invited to attend, In-
terment private. Masonic Cemetery.
HATTON— In this city, March 22. 1599. infant
! daughter of Robert and Fannie Hatton. a
native of San Francisco.
HERMAN— In this city, March 21. 18». Fred-
erick, beloved husband of Anna Herman, a
native of Germany, aged 59 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fuaeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street.
Interment National Cemetery.
HOFFMAN— In this city, March 21. 1*99, J. D.
G., beloved husband of Reglna Hoffman, and
brother of Henry Hoffman, a native of Ger-
many, aged 64 years 2 months and 9 days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street,
thence to Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street,
where the services will be held commencing
at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of Eureka
Grove No. 4, U. A. O. D., and North Beach
Lo<lge No. 9, Hermann Sons. Interment Odd
Fellows Cemetery. *
KENNY— In this city. March 21. 1899, John
Kenny, a native of County Tipperary, Ire-
land, aged 68 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Francis
Church where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LEVERONE —In this city. March 22. 1599.
Frank, dearly beloved husband of Sadie
Leverone, son of John B. and Maria Leverone,
brother of Louis and Joseph Leverone. Mrs.
<; Baffigo, Mrs. Filomena Arata. Mrs. Ma-
mie M. Hart and Mrs. Emilia Cuneo. son-in-
law of Mrs. Henry Schaeffer. and brother-in-
law of Mrs. Fred Minkles and T. P. Alex-
ander, a native of Italy, aged 39 years
and 10 months.
MCDONALD— In this city. March 21. 1899. Rose,
relict of the late James McDonald, and be-
loved sister of Mrs. Mary Gavin. Mrs. Kate
Gourdler and the late Mrs. Ann Fredrickson.
a native of County Meath, Ireland, aged 63
years.
(C^-FTlendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister. Mrs. Mary Gavin. 206
Moulton street, off Fillmore. between Green-
wich and Lombard, thence to St. Bridget
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MACDONALD-In this city. March 21. 1899.
Madeline Annie, beloved daughter of William
and Agnes Macdonald. and sister of Agnes
S.. William, Jeanie H.. John P. and Eliza
Macdonald, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years 10 months and 23 days.
" (^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence 529 Arkansas street, between Twentieth
ami Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery,. this city. March 21. 1899. Mary
MADDEN— In this city, March 21. 1599 Mary
Frances Madden, beloved daughter of Mathew
and Mary Burns, and sister of Mrs. G. Gra-
ham and J. F.. T. A. and M. Burns, a native
of New York, aged 35 years. •
tETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvJted to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the res!-
dence of her sister. Mrs. G. Graham. 10 Turk
street thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o ; clock Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARHAM— In the City and County Hospital,
March 22. »99, Frederick James Marham, a
native of Nebraska, aged 11 years.
MEDINA-In this city, March 22. IBM, Jesus
" Medina a native of Chile, aged 65 years.
MOLLISON-In this city. March 20. 1899. Wil-
liam Mollison. brother of J. J. and George
Mollison and Mrs. Hayhoe of London. Eng-
land, a native of Aberdeen. Scotland, aged
45 years 7 months and 11 days.
[TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock from 170 Perry
street thence to Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter
• street where services will be held at 2
o'clock under the auspices of Hesperian
Grove No. 15, U. A. O. D. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
MORGENROTH— In the City and County Hos-
pital March 22. 1899. Herman Morgenroth. a
native of Germany, aged 54 years.
PEARSON-In Oakland. March 22, 1899, Isaac
Newton Pearson, a native of Missouri, aged
63 years 8 months and 8 days.
PECK— In the City and County Hospital. March
21 1899 William Ezra Peck, a native of New
Jersey, aged 40 years.
PENDLETON— In this city. March 22. " 1899,
Emllv F beloved wife of Captain Phlneas
PendietorV, a native of Belfast, Me., aged 52
PINKHAM— In this city. March 22. 1599. Carrie
StantOß beloved wife of George C. Pinkham,
mother of Clifford. Lloyd and Bemice Pink-
ham, daughter of Kate F. and the late Henry
II Gardiner, and sister of Charles F.. Henry
H Jr. May Gertie and Milton Gardiner and
Mrs •F. Sarcarder, a native of California,
aged 30 years 10 months and 9 days.
RAVEN— Oakland. March 13. 1899. Iva, be-
loved* wife of Iver Raven, a native of Nor-
way, aged 41 years.
ROGERS— In this city, March 22. 1599. May.
infant daughter of R. W. and May C. Rogers
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 months and
16 days.
STELLING— In this city, March 22/ 1599. John
Ptelllng, dearly beloved brother of Mrs. Wil-
liam Beckmann. Mrs. Theodore Cornelius and
Elsie and Charles Stelllng, a native of Cux-
haven. Germany, aged 47 years and 10 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WEBB— In this city. Cordelia S. Webb, aunt
of Mr. Webb W. Barrett of San Francisco, a
native of Michigan. .
YOUNG-In this city, March 22. • 1893. Daly
Young, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 11 months and 15 days.
ZAHNISHER-In the City and County Hospi-
tal March 22. 1899. Aaron Zahnisher, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania; aged .'.7 years.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEBX
SO Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 90.
1112
STABBED IN THE
BREAST BY AN
UNKNOWN MAN
Mysterious Cutting on
Seventh Street.
M. SCHROEDER THE VICTIM
DECLARES HE DOES NOT KNOW
WHO INJURED HIM.
A Suspicion That the Fatal Wound
Was Inflicted by a PaJ With
Whom He Had Had
Trouble.
The police are puzzled over a mysteri
ous cutting scrape which occurred last
night at S "venth and Howard str>
■ Martin Schroeder, a well-dressed mid
dle-aged man. is the victim. He lies in
the Receiving Hospital with a knife
wound over his heart, and according to
Surgeon Tormey he
not live.
Shortly after 9 o'clock last night
- . ■ ring along Sev
enth s ■: wJ.en It] front of the
Girar.l House, which Is only a short dis
tance from Howard street, he placed his
hand to his heart and fell into the door
way. P. A. Phillips, who lives In the
house, saw Schroeder fall, and, .rushing
to his assistance, he asked him If' he was
hurt.
"I am stabbed," he feebly answered. "I
guess it is all off with me."
By this time a large crowd had collect
ed, ati'i as the unfortunate man seemed to
be dying, one of the number telepl
. ambulance. After being taken to
the Receiving Hospital S was
rating table, where a
d that ho
•was beyond all human help. The knife
penetrated the left breast directly above
the heart, making a fatal wound.
W"hen questioned about the cutting.
MARTIN SCHROEDER.
Bchroeder feebly declared that he did not :
know who had stabbed him.
"I was walking along the street," he
explained, "when I received the fatal
wound. I don't know who stabbed me, ;
nor can I tell where the cutting took
place. All I remember is that while
■walking along Seventh street I felt a pain
In my left breast, and placing my hand
in proximity to my heart, felt the
blood flowing from the wound. I stag
gered along the street h;ul finally fell in
front of the Girnrd House, where I was
picked up and pent to- the hospital."
Immediately after the cutting was re-
I to <"aptain Bohen h> detailed De- :
■ s Ryan, ODea nnd Crockett to
mak' 1 a thorough Investigation. They
visited the hospital and endeavored to
■wring from the wounded man the name
of his assailant, but without success. He
declared thai he was cut by a strangers
'•with whom he had had words. Con- :
vinced that he was determined to shield
the person who had cut him, the detec
isit.ii the Bcene where the stab
bing is su] ■ :urred and
to make h careful investiga
tion. After interviewing a number of
people who saw Schroeder stagger along
the Btreet they ' nvlnced that he
'•was ell I ed by a woman who was !
'Jealous of him or a man with whom he
had had trouble.
Police Green, who is fa
miliar with the habitual criminals who
d the docks in the Police ;
. declares that Schroeder about
tw i weeks ago was before Judge Conlan
charged with vagrancy. He was allowed
..n his promise to leave the city at
once. _ . , ,
Gr«-»-n also says that Schroeder is an
ex-conVict and that his picture adorns the
rogues' gallery.
The wounded man, however, denies
that he was ever in State prison.
"Sergeant Green is mistaken this time,"
he r< marked.' when asked if Green's as
rertions were true. "I was never before
'Judge Conlan or any other Judge for va- ;
'gTancy nor have I served a term in the
entiary. I have been arrested for j
fbeing drunk on several occasions, but fur- !
ther than that I have never transgressed i
the li
Detective Crockett is inclined to be- i
lieve that Schroder had a row with a pal !
presumably over the division of spoils,
and w;is stabbed. Schroeder claims that
he is i mploy< d by the Oakland Water
Company and that he left Alvarado,
•where he had been working, last Tues- j
day, and came to this city. He admits he j
had been drinking heavily, patronizing a
number of saloons on the water front.
The surgeons at the hospital nre in- '
clined to believe that Schro<?der was
stabbed by a woman. When his wound i
•was being dressed h* remarked that he \
should have known better than to "take '
a chance with that woman " This re- ■
mark leads them to believe that a woman
figured in the tragedy.
I^atc last night Schroeder was in a dy
ing condition and the hospital surgeons
pave as their opinion that he would not
live many hours.
Favors General Improvements.
The West of Castro Street Improvement ■
Club at its meeting put Itself on record
as favoring general improvements all over
the city wherever the same shall be nee- j
essary for the health and accommoda- \
tion of the people. It was thought ad
visable to encourage the Supervisors to
stick to the dollar limit as closely as pos
sible: yet a generous distribution of the
available funds in the several depart
ments would leave a wide margin for
necessary and urgent improvements. The
district represented by the club was
pointed out as an example of the deplor
able condition existing among the people
In the outlying sections of the city with
regard to school accommodation. The I
■west of Castro street section had been
promised a new school building time and
again,' but so far there is no immediate
Bign of this promise being fulfilled. Be
tween the promises to build and the
breaking of them the children are de
§ rived of that which the laws of the
tate guarantee— an education in the pub
lic schools. Gray Bros." rock crusher,
which permeates the whole valley with
an offensive dust and racket, was again
commented upon, and a request that the
Supervisors would see to It that it was
abated. The question of additional lights
through the district was discussed
DESIRELLO IS
CHARGED WITH
WILLFUL MURDER
Quick Verdict of the
Coroner's Jury,
i
DRAMATIC RECITALOFDETAILS
JOHNSTON WAS KILLED IN COLD
BLOOD.
!
After Two Hours of Diligent Inquiry
the Inquest Was Terminated With .
the Terrible Accusation Against
the Deputy Sheriff.
We. the jury, find that James J
Johnston came to his death by a gun- '
shot wound in the neck at the hands ■
of one Fred Desirello. and we, the >
undersigned jury, hold Fred Desirello !
for willful murder in the first degree.
I Such w:i.< the verdict of the Coroner's i
jury of San Mateo County after two
hour? of diligent Inquiry Into, the circum
stances surrounding the shooting of
James Johnston, the 17-year-old boy, who
was shot down by Deputy Sheriff Fred!
Desirello at Colma last Saturday evening. !
The inquest was held in the town hall j
at Colma yesterday morning and was at- j
tended by a larg>' crowd of townspeople ]
anxious to hear the dramatic recital of
the horrifying details surrounding the;
murder. District Attorney Joseph J.
Bullock conducted the examination of
the witnesses to the tragedy.
Coroner James Crowe and his deputy,
Claude Fox, sat near the District Attor- !
| ney to assist him if necessary in the
questioning of the witnesses.
Mrs. Annie Gugtiemoni ami Miss iAicy
Johnston, sisters of the deceased, appear
ed ;it the Inquest in deep mourning- and
listt-ned with tears in their eyes to the
recital of the facts which told the story
of their brother's; untimely end.
Desirello was not present at the in
; quest. He was In a cell In the County
Jail at San Mateo, where he was safe
from the vengeance of the outraged citi
zens of Colma. The authorities telt that
it was best to keep twelve miles and sev
eral iron doors b< tween Desirello and the
: angry people of the little town where he ;
! committed the crime.
Dr. J. L. Ross of Redwood testified to
having made a post mortem examination
■on the body of young Johnston. Dr. K<>ss
siatcd that death was caused by shock
and hemorrhages, resulting from a bullet
wound in the neck.
The most important testimony of the
day was given by "Jack " Vaccari, the .
young man who drove the wagon In '
which his companion was shot. Vaccari
answered all of the District Attorney's i
questions In a deliberate manner, and his
examination brought to light facts that <
will probably be powerful agencies in the
conviction of Desirello when he is brought ,
to trial for the shooting of Johnston. <
Vaccari recited the story of the shoot- (
ing in full, leaving out absolutely nothing '
that had any bearing on the murder. The ,
bulk of his testimony was substantially '
the same -as that given The Call last Sat- <
urday night shortly after the murder. He '
testified as follows: "When we were
passing the: White House a man came out j
Into the road and then stepped back sev- \ .
■ eral feet. The horses were traveling at ,
a moderate rate of speed, not too fast,
and not too slow. I heard a shot tired,
but did not pay any attention to it until i
James Johnston shouted, 'Jack, somebody
Is shooting.' He then turned around and i
said, 'Jack, I'm shot.' Johnston jumped
out of the wagon and I stopped thti
horses and got out after him. He was
! lying on the sidewalk.
j •"Somebody In the crowd said, 'Send for ■
j a doctor." Desirello answered, 'It's too ;
i late.' I then said to him: "Fred, why
i did you shout at us? You had no right
to fire at us. We were doing no harm;
no danger. My horses were not going
fast. "iou knew well who we were.' I>■ -
: sirello then said to me, "You keep still or
I'M put a bullet through you.' A young
lady named Lily Ravn told me to say no
more for fear he would shoot nv. 1 then
left the place where Johnston was lying
and went as far as Ocean View for a doc
tor and brought him to the scene. When
we got there Johnston was dead."
Vaccari stated positively that the horses
I were not running fast and his testimony
on that point was corroborated by Henry
Jensen, a 16-year-old boy who was seated
In the center of the wagon. Vaccari fur- ,
tht-r testified that after Johnston was
shot the horses only wen; three or four |
yards before he stopped them. Henry j (
Jensen testified that he was looking back
and saw the flashes from the revolver In
inds* of Desirello. Jensen also cor- ,
roborated Vaccari's statement regarding ;
the threat Desirello made on the life of
I Vaccnri.
constable Pajiiel Thomas Nevilre then i
appeared before the jury and told the
story of Desirello's arrest.
Misses Ida and Lillian R;»vn both state, l
that they were coming from the station
when they were attracted to the scene of
' the shooting by the crowd in front of j
Belli' a grocery store, where the dying boy i ,
was Lying. Both heard Deslrelio say to
A accari, "You keep still or I'll put a bul
let through you."
Several other witnesses were also called
who testified to minor details.
The Inquest which was opened promptly
at 10 o'clock was closed at noon. Wnen :
the testimony was all Introduced Coroner j
.iam<-s Crowe arose and requested the
spectators to withdraw from the hall j
while the jury deliberated on their ver- j
i diet Just as soon as one of their num- j
' ber could write the verdict they all signed
'it The crowd were invited to file into j
trie hall again in less than five minutes to
hear the verdict rendered.
The Jurymen who rendered the verdict ,
i charging Deeirello with the willful mur- j
! der of James Johnston were: Hugh C. |
i Rodgers, Thomas E. Kennedy. M. Millett,
' Joseph Selicano, James Rodgers, Michael
I Griffin Fred Selicano, Fred Pierce and
M. Chilian.
REOPENING OF THE
HOTEL VENDOME
The thousands of patrons of the Hotel
Vendome, San Jose, will be gratified to
learn of its reopening after the re
building and renovation Incident to the
loss by the fire of September 26, 1898.
All of the destroyed, sections have
been rebuilt and the entire structure
placed in thoroughly first-class order,
with every possible improvement look
ing to the comfort and convenience of
guests.
Thirty-six new suites of apartments
have been added, each provided with
large and elegantly appointed bath
rooms, toilets, closets, etc.
In both the old and new buildings the
latest devices in steam heating, electric
lighting and plumbing have been adopt
ed. This modern hotel now affords
every essential to the gratification of
the most refined and exacting ideas of
luxurious comfort.
Charmingly located in the center of
an ideal park, it is an ideal home. The
requirements of commercial travelers
have been observed in the establish
ment of commercial sample rooms, ab
solutely free of charge, connected with
the hotel.
■ ♦ »
Combs, tooth, hair and clothes brushes,
mirrors and fine perfumes at Sanborn &
Tail's. ■ W:-;*;
--■ ♦ «
"The thin red line" was formed by the
Ninety-second. Highlanders at Inkerman;
Kinglake's "Invasion of the Crimea" de
scribes it. Klnglake was the first to use
the expression.
-•- •
Ladles' tailor-made suits, - fur capes, cloaka.
Credit. M. iiothachlld, 211 Butter, rooms 8-7. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 23. 1899.
HELEN BERTRAM SCORES
ANOTHER DECIDED HIT
The Bostonians' Favorite Singer Win
Be Heard in the Tuneful Opera,
"Rob Roy," One More Week
PLAYGOERS will be delighted to learn that the tuneful opera. "Rob Roy."
now being sung by the Bostonians, is to be continued another week. The
large demand for seats and the increasing popularity of De Koven and
Smith's latest effort has led th,> management of the Columbia to re
arrange the plans of the company.
Helen Bertram's sweet singing and her charming presence has added
to the Buccess of "Rob Roy." Surrounded as she Is by artists whose names
have been heralded throughout the country as fine singers and clever act
ors, Miss TSertram is nevertheless a shining light among them. Her delinea
tion of Janet, the provost's daughter, has added further fame to her already
well-known name.
Miss Bertram was with the Bostonians three years ago and delighted the
ater-goers with her soprano voice. Subsequent to her second engagement
with tho well-known company she appeared in London and achieved a re
markable success. On Jessie Bartlett Davis and Miss- Bertram the bulk of
tho work in "Rob Roy" falls, and both ladies are Been and heard t<; ad
vantage. Miss Bertram's singing of "My Home Is On the Heather" Is ■
the hits of the performance.
SPOKE OF NEAL, DOW.
Mrs. L. C. Partington at the W. C. |
T. TJ. Meeting.
The regular meeting of the \V. C. T. U.
was pleasantly varied by the presence of
Mrs. L. C. Partington, the noted Ifalne
. i and lecturer. The lady
spoke earnestly of her work and called
especial attention to the Juvenile branch
of the union. In reviewing Mrs. Part
ington paid a brilliant tribute to the late I
Meal Dow punctuating her talk with i
many delightful personal reminiscences of '
the pr'-at man. On Saturday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Helbing, 2712 Folsom .
street, the juvenile classes will celebrate j
QUICKLY FOLLOWED HIS
FRIEND TO THE GRAVE
John Christien Bruse, Who Died Yesterday After
a Short Illness.
JOHN CHRISTIEN BRT'SE. the well-known grocer nnd a prominent fra
ternal man, died at his residence, 1512 Ljeavenwbrth street, at 5 o'clock
yesterday morning after a short illness. His death following so quickly
after that of his closest friend, the late Dr. Frederick P. liuftc, is com
mented on by their mutual friends as a sad coincidence.
The demise of Dr. Muffe was a sad blow to Mr. Bruse, and within a few
days after his friend's funeral he was taken ill. He declined to have a
physician called, believing it was only a Blight attack, but the next day
was compelled to take to his bed. Dr. Osmun, the family physician, was
called in and ministered to Mr. Bruse and a few days later he was able to
sit up. He again had to seek his bed on Monday last, and early yesterday
morning, much to the surprise of his family, he passed away. Death was due
to a complication of kidney troubles, which were aggravated by the wet
weather. Mr. Bruse was 45 years of age at the Unit- of his death and was
seemingly in the prime of life. He hfrd occupied his place of business at
Pacific and Leavenworth streets for twenty years, and during that time mado
a host of friends who deplore his taking off. He leaves a widow and four
children to mourn his loss.
Mr. Bruse was one of the executors of Dr. Muffe's will and was appointed
by the latter to act as guardian for his child. He was a Mason and a member
of the San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln and Chosen Friends. He was also
secretary of the Consumers' Yeast and "Vinegar Company and a member of
the Franklin Building Association.
the birthday of Neal Dow with appropri
ate exercises.
On .Sunday there will be a grand rally
by the various Bands of ' Hope under the,
direction of Mrs. Sarah Wright Kerrigan
at the Frist Baptist Church on Eddy
street, between Leavenworth and Jones.
Rarsneld Rheumatic Remedy is an
absolute cure for Inflammatory Rheu
matism. No remedy on the market has
been so uniformly successful. For sale
by all druggists. *
A Chinese teacher in a private school
receives about 1 cent a day for every pu
pil In his class.
SURRENDERED
HIMSELF TO
AVOID ARREST
W. E. Boody Faces
His Accusers.
WAS WANTED BY THE POLICE
CAPITALIST ANDERSON ASKS
HIM TO ACCOUNT.
The Prisoner Admits His Wrong-
Doing, and if. Charged With
Embezzlement Will
Plead Guilty.
W. E. Boody, a real estate and insur- '
ant*- agent, with offices In the Mills
building, having been informed that De
.. Charlej Cody and Tom Gibson
were [u< king for him. visited she office of (
the Chief of Police last evening and sur
rendered himself. He was placed in the
"tanks" and was later visited by At tor- ;
ney Gavin McNab and H. F. Anderson, a I
wealth] English resident of Ben Lomond,
Santa ity, whose money Boody
hns handled in a number of land and
<>r ; ; .-r transactions.
Mr. McNab declined to make any state- ;
in the matter, but from other
sources it was learned that Boody. who is
the successor to the rial estate bi^
•if Alsip, the man who departed from
Sacramento ur,<-j,.i peculiar circumstances,
was the agent of Air. Anderson and as
such handled large sums to he Invested
in different transactions, tor which he has ;
not j et ■-.
Mr. Anderson came to this city a week
ago i'"i the purpose or' having a pei
Interview with his trusted agent, but :
Boody, hearing of his coming, mil not go
to his office, tearing that he might leave
tin- .-.tan' without making a settlement,
Mr. Anderson visited police headquarters
and reported the state of affairs. De
tectives Cody and tiibson were detailed
on the case ami succeeded in locating
Boody in a house close to the Mills build
ing. Tlie latu-r, knowing that he would
i. sooner or later taken into custody,
voluntarily surrendered himself. No war-,
rant was issued for his arrest, and as he
Bhowed a willingness to stay in prison for
the time li.-ing he was accommodated
with a cot in tlie "tanks."
It is understood that Boody will not be
prosecuted tor an.) mistakes he has made
in handling his client's money, as Mr.
Anderson is both generous and wealthy.
I I.'- latter is desirous that various lanV
transactions be explained.
Aft. r Boody returned to the City I'rison ]
he gave an exceedingly vague statement
of Ins side of the case, lie \suuld not ad
mit that he had used any "i -Mr. Ander-
Bon's money for personal purposes, but
he did say that he would plead guilty if
that gentleman placed a charge of em
bezzlement against him. Boody's state
ment, as he gave It, is as follows:
"1 do not know whether Mr. Anderson
will place a criminal charge against me.
i !.•■!■( is a difference between us as to
business ai unts, but i prefi :■ to let Mr.
Anderson make a statement in regard to
that. 1 have acted a.s business agent for
Mr. Anderson for the past two years, and j
until about six weeks ago we had no dif
ferences. About that time he returned
from a trip to England and asked for an \
accounting. lie- w;us not satisfied with
th>- result, and a few days ago, while 1
was ill and confined to my room, he com
plained to the police authorities. Yester
day 1 learned that the detectives were
looking for me and I came to the City
Hall and was imprisoned. As to the sums
involved, Mr. Anderson must give out ]
the amount. He Is the finest gentleman
1 have ever known, and whatever charge I
he may make I will sign my name to."
During the. two years Boody has acted
a.s Mr. Anderson's agent he has handled
large sums of money, loaning it mostly
on real estate mortgages. When tlie
Klondike rush began Anderson financed
an Alaskan tiansportatlon scheme.
Boody was tlie general manager, and it I
is in connection with this investment that |
the alleged embezzlement occurred. The !
si tamer Belle Kellock was built at a
cost of about $20,000, but she was never
put In commission. Since completion she
lias been lying idle at Benieia. When Mr.
Anderson departed for England about a
year ago he left a considerable amount
of cash in Boody's hands with which to
continue the Alaska project. On his re
turn the statement made by Boody in re
gard to the expenditure of this aroused
his suspicion. He demanded a complete
accounting, which was not forthcoming,
and he finally decided to place the mat- i
ter in tho hands of the law.
Boody is an unmarried man about 33 ;
years old. He was an employe of A. K. j
Alaip, the real estate agent, and sue- ' :
ceeded to his business. He formed a
partnership with Uilmore Slaven and the I
firm, Boody & Slaven, has been conduct-
Ing a regular real estate agency at room i
29, second floor Mills building. Boody j
lodged at 27 Post street, at which place '
the officers were unable to find htm for •
two days, although he says he was there ; :
ill. As nearly as can be learned. Boody's ;
alleged shortage approximates $10,000.
DARING BOY BURGLARS
LANDED IN PRISON
NEARLY ALL THEIR PLUNDER
RECOVERED.
They Force an Entrance Into the Old
Omnibus Carhouse and Do
Irreparable Damage.
Locked up in the tanks of the City
Prison are four boys who the police be
lieve are responsible for a number of bur
glaries committed south of Market
Btreet. Their names are John Wagner,
aped 16; James Joy, aged 17; James Car
mlchael, aged 15, and James Purcell,
aged 14.
They were arrested Tuesday night by
Detectives Ryan and ODea and locked
up pending an Investigation. Yesterday
the detectives learned that the prisoners
a short time ago broke 'into a butcher
shop at 45 Seventh street and stole two
era and Beveral knives, which they
sold to a second-hand dealer at 850 How
ard street. They also found that the i
hoys . atered Tweedie'a bottling works at
409 Slghth street and stole several dozen
bottles of beer.
Last Monday, it is claimed, they got
Into the old omnibus car house on How
ard street near Third, and alter destroy
ing several cars, got away with a num
ber of brase journals valued at $200. The
damage which they wrought Is estimated
to l"' about $1000. The youthful burglars
sold their plunder t<> a junk dealer at 627
Brannan Btreet tor a few dollars.
The following night they forced an en
trance Into the junk store where they had
disposed of the brass and stole a quantity j
of stuff. Including the property they had
taken from the carhouse. They sold the,
plunder to another junk dealer at :::;4
Ninth street. Subsequently they entered
a second-hand store at 809 Folsom street, '
stole two pistols and a watch, which they
sold to another second-hand dealer at !
916 Howard street.
The detectives have also learned that
the boys several mont'is ago gained an
entrance to the office of the brickyard at i
Sixth and Channel streets and proceeded ;
to open the safe. They "jimmied" the :
outer door, but failed to effect an en
trance to the contents.
The detectives expect to-day to be able i
to place at least a dozen charges of
burglaries against them.
Triduum at St. Brigid's Church.
Despite the inclemency of the weather
the services of the first day of the an
nual Triduum at St. Brigid's Church were
largely attended, an eloquent sermon be
ing preached by Rev. Father Macdonald.
To-night Rev. Father Dempsey and to
morrow Rev. Father O'Rvan will preach,
and a large a^teadaacq ia expected.
MYSTERY OF
THE DEATH OF
MRS. VANCE
Poisoned by Fumes of
Chloroform.
FRIENDS SAY AN ACCIDENT
MEDICAL MEN INCLINED TO BE
LIEVE IT WAS SUICIDE.
No Motive for Self-Destruction Is
Known— Coroner Will Make
Strict Inquiries
To-Day.
Shortly after noon yesterday Gratia
Vance, the young and pretty wife of Ira
Vance, bookkeeper in a downtown fur
niture house, was found in bed at her
home, *n Shrader street, with her head
Mink in a bowl containing chloroform.
A rhysician was summoned, but his ef
for were fruitless, as Mrs. Vance died
within an hour.
A great deal of mystery surrounds the
death. Members of the family
scout the idea of suicide, and although
no motive is apparent, it seems unrea
sonable that death could have been ac
cidental. In fact, Coroner Hill, who in
vestigated the rase in person, has order
ed Dr. Zabala, autopsy physician, to
make a far. -ful examination of the body
and an inquest will be held at the house ,
at 11:30 this morning.
The. story as given out by the family
Is as follows: !
"Mrs. Vance was employed at ( aswell s ;
millinery store on Post street. She has j
übject to nervous headaches for a |
long time and has been in the habit of :
using chloroform to induce sleep when
attacked by the malady. Yesterday
morning the old troubl.- came upon her
and she left her work at about i<> o'clock
and went home. As she was going into
her room she met a woman who lodges
MRS. GRATIA VANCE.
in the house and told her that she was
sick and intended to try and get a little
sleep.
"At noon Mr. Vance went to meet her
as usual, but learned that she had gone j
home sick, and immediately started home :
to see her.
"He was met at the door by the lodger, j
who informed him that Mrs. Vance was
In bed and no response had been made to ]
repeated knocks. A doctor was sum- ;
moned and Mr. Vance entered the room.
He found that his wife had taken of:
her street dress, donned a black wrapper :
and gone to bed. Sho had taken with
her a small bowl in which wa.s a cushion |
saturated with chloroform.
"The doctor who answered the sum
mons worked for fully an hour, but Mrs.
Vance never regained consciousness."
Mr. Vance refused positively to speak
on tho matter, but th»- foregoing is an
authorized statement by a friend of the
family.
Mrs. Vance left no letters to throw light '
on the case, and so far as can be learned
the marital relations- of the young couple I
were mor-t amicable. They have been mar
ried about ten months and took great de
light in furnishing the pretty home on
Shrader street.
The family say It was an accidental j
death, but medical men say it is almost
impossible for a person to accidentally j
asphyxiate himself with chloform. The
■human system will Involuntarily fight
against it with 'ho lust atom of strength.
Mrs. Vance's head was deeply buried in
the bowl, as though it had been deliber
ately forced thero. Her face was horribly
burned from con Act with the poison.
Mrs. Vance was 2f> years of age and
leaves a 3-year-old son by a former mar- |
riage. Her maiden name was Sklnivr.
and sho -was first married to J. C. Dunnr>,
n photographer. She procured a divorce
from him about two years ago and
cured a position in Heald's Business Col-
There sho met Ira Vance, then an
instructor in that institution. Friendship
ripened into love and the counle were |
afterward married. Friends of the family
say that the young couple have lived to
gether most happily and that there was
no reason why Mrs. Vance should have
taken her life.
G. W. STEALEY CHARGED
WITH A SERIOUS CRIME
ACCUSED OF CHEATING PAWN
BROKER DAVAGA.
Succeeded in Getting Ninety-Five
Dollars on a Fictitious Check — Is
Quite Prominent.
G. W. Btealey, a yourp man of good
family, was arrested yesterday at tho in
stigation of i:,i Davaga, a pawnbroker,
for obtaining- money on false pretenses
Detective Clancy of Morse's Agency made '
the arrest and charged Steaiey with the
felony.
According to Davaga, the prisoner came
to him on tho Bth of the present month
and claimed that within a few days he
would come in fur a few thousand dollars
l..ft him by his father. Tho pawnbroker
believing his statement, cashed a check'
for one hundred d> 'liars, keeping, how
ever, out of that amount $n as his com
mission. At the request of Steaiey he did
not proffer the check at the bank until
two days later, when he was informed j
that there were no funds deposited in
St( aley's name.
The pawnbroker then hunted Steaiey
up. who. it is alleged, said he knew he
had no money coming to him from his
father's estate. Davaga, seeing no chance
of obtaining his money back, had Steaiey
arrested and charged as above stated
The prisoner declined to give his reasons
for acting as he did.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use herause it is pure.
Placed in an Asylum.
SAN RAFAEL,. March 22.— Joseph Aze
vedo, the insane person Who conceives
his earthly mission tobe the usherinfcin of
the millennium by killing a bluejay, was
taken to the Mendocino Asylum to-day
by Sheriff Taylor. He demurred to going:
at first, but finally submitted and made
no resistance when told he was to be
taken to visit a relative^
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
. effects of the well known remedy,
Syrup of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co.. illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting-
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
trentlv vet promptly and enabling one
♦o overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating, them, make it the ideal
laxative. ■ _
In the process of 'manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are- obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAX,. '
LOUISVILLE. KY. NEW YORK. IT. Y.
For sale by all Druggists.— Price SOc. per bottle.
3-Day Specials I
Sopolio— Prunes—
Whiskey — Lemons —
Table Fruit—
SAPOLIO, 4 cakes 25c
Regular price 3 cakes 25c.
PRUNES, Cal., per lb - 5c
A choice lot Prunes,
French type.
Regular price 3 lbs. 25c.
OK WHISKEY, bot. 75c, 3 bots s2
Gallon $3.00
Age and purity-
Guaranteed.
Regular price $1 00 and $4 00.
I SICILY LEMONS, <loz Isc
The very choicest. Regular price 25c.
TABLE FRUIT, can. 15c
Fine selected fruit
In heavy Fyrup:
Peaches, Pears, Apricots, Plums,
Cherries, Blackberries, etc.
Regular price -20c.
BUTTER, square 35c, 2sqrs. 65c
Choice creamery.
Telephone and Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
T«l.pbene Main 5522. Telephone West 152.
BUY NOW— PAY LATER. |
'■ ' ._■■!' Mr iIZ~ I
BABY CARRIAGES
ON SPECIAL, SALE /x% r% r- f\
! THIS WEEK. AN EX-Ur|-?.OU
TRA GOOD STRONG COO
ONE, LIKE CUT. AT.... w j
| WE ALSO HAVE A FULL LINE "
OF BABY CHAIRS AND CRIB 3.
IF THE "HOW" AND "WHERE" i
s ARE PROBLEMS. "CREDIT" 13 \
| THE SOLUTION. I
| THE J. NOON AN j
1 Furniture Company (Inc), \
J /O/r-/023 MISSION STREET, j
!| flbove Sixth. t
3 Phone. South 14. Open Evenings. j
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
Marian! Wins Tonic
Marvelous Results In Cases of
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS" EVERY-
WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portraits
and endorsements free.
MARIANI & CO.. NEW YORK. :
Painless Dentistry.
/|j|||| Fillings •- 50 'cb
«LMNnf Crowns • • $3.50
kJBb c it \.' ' <p<5«M
fflk W ALL WORK
™ WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sxth St., Cor. Stevenson.
" PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK.
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVEK. '
A EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
For the Past 7 Years
FOR ALL USES AND USERS ■
ON WOOL", GLASS. METAL, STONE. BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES ;. makes & perfect
amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 over any ether
palntf stands 500 DEGREES OF HEAT wlth-
OU BEAOTIFUU ARTISTIC. DURABLE,
WASHABLE. Prevents BARNACLES and
FOULING in SALT WATER CORROSION
and RUST from exposure. Send 25c for SAM-
PLE bottle and pamphlet. "WHAT IS PEQA-
MOIDI" ■:*■»' • " v --- -* i
WESTERN : AGENCIES CO..
: ___ „ ft and 62. _£l»B3lsia Buildlo*. a. >. .