VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 95.
THE AIR OF EUROPE
CHARGED WITH WAR
HOSTILITIES ARE
REGARDED NOW
AS INEVITABLE
England Facing a Coalition of
Germany and Russia in Africa
and the Far East.
Special cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright; 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON. March 4.— The week's I
closing is crowned with indica- j
tions that political events of dan- \
gerous magnitude are preparing.
The machinery is mostly out of '
Bight in the Foreign Office and in the :
undercurrent of popular passion, but ]
nevertheless it is real.
Tht-re is no news from South Africa. |
but a crisis is preparing for which the \
Transvaal is arming under instruc
tions of German officers. England is
quietly strengthening her garrfsons nn
the borders of Natal, and Delagoa Bay
will shortly become either Boer or
Jlritish, for th.- Portuguese have long
ago ceased to command respect at that
port, Th" best in Fouth Africa.
I have learned from good authority
that Russia has 10,000 men at Port
Arthur and 40,000 more In that general
neighborhood, whose principal busi
ness is to discourage others from buiid
ing railways in Northern China and
gradually to familiarize us with the
P tig a> the residence of a
Russian Governor. The Muscovite pro
test against railway extension to New
chang, in uhi'-h considerable American
,1 is embarked, proves that Rus
sian steps in China arc n<u In the line
• f an open door.
In Germany, the utterances of the
Minister, Baron yon Bulow.
are far from satisfactory so far as the 1
FRENCHMEN
THREATEN
THE QUEEN
Victoria's Yacht Will Be :
Convoyed by British
Torpedo-Boats.
Her Majesty Refuses to Forego Her
Annual Trip to the ■
Riviera.
Copyrighted, 1899, by t'n<» Associated Press.
LONDON, March — The arrange
ments for Queen Victoria's departure j
for the Riviera next Thursday have j
been completed. ' Her Majesty will j
travel to the south of France by way
of Boulogne-sur-Mer, instead of via !
Cherbourg, this being the first time she ',
will have visited Boulogne si-nee the
Crimean war.
Some interest is taken in the fact
thar the Queen's yacht will be cpnvoyed
by eight of the fastest torpedo-boat de- :
' p trovers in the British navy, five of
them being thirty-knot boats. Cruisers j
have previously been employed for this j
duty, and the use of destroyers, it Is!
hinted in some of the papers, is in
tended to set off the French papers'
talk about submarine torpedo-bc.-ats.
There is much indignation in England
:at the scandalous and coarse attacks j
.made upon Queen Victoria by some of
the newspapers of Paris this week. The
Libre Parole, In an insulting article, J
said:
Frankly, the Queen will be well advised |
if she does not come to France this
epring The constitutional fiction that *
it was f.or<l Salisbury and not the Queen
■who Inflicted the outrage of Fashoaa
.'and the humiliation of Muscat on France
will not sutflce. It is well known that the |
Queen has' directed England's policy |
throughout her long reign, and she has j
■never missed an opportunity of displaying
her antipathy for France. Under the cir- ,
eumstances, therefore, her visit is an ad- ;
•. tftional msult and a defiance of public
opinion. After this warning it will only
-be her own fault if she meets with a hos
tile reception in France.
M. Cassaignac's Autorile says:
' The Queen becomes our guest at a mo
ment when the British Government has
made Itself more than ever our enemj.
I>r journey will be full of the same risks
8* the Maine Incurred in entering Cuban
waters, and the French Government is
committing the same foolish act as Senor
flnrasta by not preventing France .J" '
ting ia c.l in such a position that the
smallest accident might precipitate both
-powers in a terrible conflict.
' After such insinuations as the fore
. ci.ing it seems possible that tne
Queen visit to France will not pass
without some Chauvinist incident. A
special police staff has left Paris to
watch over her Majesty at Cimiez,
where her heavy baggage is already ar
riving. Queen Victoria pays $12,000
monthly for her own rooms, without
counting the expense of her suite, num.
Bering sixty persons. Altogether her
"little trip will cost her about $<5,000.
Her chaise, favorite white donkey ana
' numbers of pet dogs and birds have i
be-en sent abroad. Her Majesty also ,
.'has a curious whim about sleeping in j
her own bed, which Is taken with her
wherever she goes. i
The San Francisco Call.
United States is concerned, for if his j
words are true we are compelled to
question the veracity of competent
eye-witnesses at Manila and else- j
where.
There are many forces making for >
war, and the Czar's proclamation
seems to have been the signal for re
doubled military energy.
England is conscious that she may
pnnn be called upon to fight against a
coalition of Russia and Germany, and
it is not beyond possibility that France i
may make a third In this coalition.
I believe to-day that the English
army and navy are in a better state of
equipment, organization and fighting
spirit than at any time since Cromwell.
There has been a silent revolution in
both services which cannot be appre
ciated until put to the test.
And, along with all this; it is manifest
• to high and low that politically
and morally there must be no future
differences with America, or if there i
are they must be settled peacefully by
some international supreme court. Re
flections of this nature are uppermost
in the thoughts of Englishmen, consti
tuting for us a golden opportunity,
which no two men can better appreciate
■ than John Hay and Joseph <'h".,
The lady known formerly in Chicago
as "the beautiful Miss Mary Leiter" is
' now toasted in every garrison in British
BRAVE DEWEY
BREAKS OUT
HIS NEW FLAG
Saluted as Admiral by the
Foreign Ships in Manila
Bay.
Filipinos Attempting to Relieve
Guadalupe Shelled Out— Two
Californians Wounded.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
MANILA. March 4.— Admiral George
Dewey raised his flap; as an admlra.l
rrn hoard the Olympia this morning and
was saluted by the guns of the forts,
of the foreign warships, the British
cruiser Narcissus and the German
cruiser Kaiserin Augusta, and by the
American ships in port.
At daylight General Wheaton's out
posts discovered a large body of rebels
attempting to cross the river for the
purpose of reinforcing the enemy at
Guadaloupe. A gunboat advanced un
d<T a heavy fir" and poured shot into
the jungle on both sides of the river
; and shelled the enemy's position at
Guadaloupe effectively, temporarily
scattering the rebels. The enemy's loss
was heavy.
Private John T. Oise of Battery C,
! Third Artillery, was killed.
On board the gunboat Privates Wll-
I liam Wheeler of Company L, and Louis
,' Barrier) of Company G, First Califor
'■ nia Volunteers, were wounded.
The rebels in the village of San Jose
i fired on the United States gunboat
i Bennington to-day, and the warship
shelled that place and other suburbs
i of Malabon this afternoon.
The United States transport Senator
j has arrived here with reinforcements
i of troops.
The United States cruiser Baltimore
: arrived here at 4 p. m. to-day from
! Hongkong, having on board two of the
i civil members of the United States
Philippine Commission, J. G. Schur
man, president of Cornell University,
and Professor D. C. Worcester, of the
University of Michigan.
Some of the wives of the officers have
been allowed to land from the United
States transport Morgan City, but they
I have been ordered to return on board
that steamer by 5 o'clock this after
noon.
The United States cruiser Charleston
has arrived here from Aparri.
MANILA, March 5, 10:14 a. m.—Gen
eral Otis, accompanied by his aids.
Captain Murray and Lieutenant Slade,
this morning paid a formal visit to the
civil members of the United States
i Philippine Commission, which arrved
here yesterday afternoon from Hong
kong on board the Baltimore.
A house on the Ermita water front
has been prepared for the residence cf
r the commission. Colonel Charles Den by,
the only one of the commissioners who
has not arrived yet, is expected on the
next steamsl lp from Hongkong.
The troops brought by the transpoit
Senator are still on board that vessel.
A permanent cable has been established
between Manila and Cavite.
WASHINGTON. March 4.— The War (
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
India. At least so tells me an officer just
returned from Calcutta. Another fa
mous American beauty, the former Miss
Mary Perkins of Newport, accompanies
her husband, Admiral Beaumont, to
Vancouver, -where he has been ap
pointed in command of the British ships
in that neighborhood. With a few
more American women in command of
British Governors the Anglo-Saxon al
liance may afford to do without parch
ment.
Not long ago Lord Dufferin laugh
ingly told me that England could never
declare war against the United States
because the House of Lords had been
captured by American wives.
RUSSIA READY FOR
THE AMEER'S DEATH
NEW YORK, March 4.— A special ca
ble to the Sun from London says:
Nothing has been heard during the
last few days respecting the reported
death of the Ameer of Afghanistan, and
it will be several days yet before re
plies of the Indian Government to in
quiries can be obtained.
In the meantime the prevailing belief
in official quarters is that if the Ameer
is not dead he is a pretty sick man, who
may die at any moment.
Sir Thomas Salter-Pyne, the nervy
Englishman, who for several years oc
cupied the post of the Ameer's chief
engineer and director of the arsenal,
is now safely in Calcutta. He says the
reason he left Afghanistan was that
he could see the Ameer had not l^ng to
live, nnd that no European's life was
worth a minute's purchase after the
Ameer's death.
He has given the Indian Government
information of vital importance, which,
according to semi-official dispatches
rore jved in London to-day, fully justi
fies all the suspicions recently enter
tained of the good faith of Russia,
which has already decided to support
the pretensions to the Afghan throne
of the present Ameer's brother, and has
massed troops within striking distance
of the Afghan frontier.
As far as can be ascertained England
will not actively espouse the cause of
any particular pretender, but will let
the rival elements right it out and will
then support the victor if he is not a
too pronounced Russian protege. This
is scarcely a bold policy and British
timidity will probably make Russian
intlucnce paramount for a time at any
• rate.
r Department has received the following
cablegram from Major General Otis.
MANILA. March 4.— Adjutant General,
Washinpton: Casualties near Caloocan:
First Montana, March 2, band. Private
Alfrr.-j CaFhmore, thlph. Flight.
Near San Pedro Macate, Third Artillery,
March 1, Battery G, Sergeant Dennis
Shea. hand, severe.
Just reported as missing. Grant Cullam,
Company C, Tenth Pennsylvania, sent
outside the lines for information on Jan
uary 27 and not seen since. - '
ADMIRAL DEWEY
MAY NEVER RETURN
NEW YORK, March 5.— A cable to
the Journal from Manila says: In con
Continued on Third Page.
CASSIUS M. CLAY INSANE.
General Clay and the Girl Wife Dora, for Whom
He Wrecked His Life.
NEW YORK, March 4.— A Valley
View, Ky., special to the Herald
gays: Cassius M. Clay, abolition
ist, duellist and ex-Minister to
Russia, is mad. The reason of
the "Sage of Whitehall" is almost gone
and his friends fear he will soon be a
total wreck. For weeks the neighbors
have been afraid to venture to his
mansion and he has been living in total
seclusion.
Since his young girl wife Dora left
him and married Rlley Brock and they
settled down in the home given to Dora ]
TRIPARTITE
GOVERNMENT
A FAILURE
Such the Sentiment of the
German Papers as to
Samoa.
WAY OF SETTLEMENT
An Understanding May Be Arrived
At by an Entire Change of Rep
resentatives at Apia.
Copyrighted, ISO 9. by the Associated Pr*M.
BERLIN. March 4.— The press de
votes much space this week to the Sa
moan question. The mails have
brought numbers of letters from Ger
mans at Apia and the leading papers
in many capes describe the occurrences
differently from the English and Amer
ican newspapers, putting the blame
upon the English-speaking officials.
The comments of the papers also differ,
but all agree that the tripartite gov
ernment is a failure, and the idea of
the partition of the islands is much
ventilated.
The organs of the colonial party op
pose the suggestion energetically, as it
would put an end to German annexa
tion of the group.
A writer in the Colonial Zeitung, the
leading organ of the party, attempts to
show that the partition of the islands,
even if peaceful, would inevitably lead
to a much worse situation.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press hears on good authority that the
negotiations thus far tacitly assume
that an entire change in the personnel
at Apia of the representative* of the
three powers will be the basis of un
derstanding to be arrived at, and that
this will include the recall of the Amer
ican chief jr.sti< «•, Chambers; United
States Consul < >sborne, British Consul
M.-ixso. Dr. Raffel. the German presi
dent of the Municipal Council, and Heir
Rose, the German Consul. It is under-
Btood that their removal is necessary
in order to reestablish peace and or
rjpr in the administration of the islands.
The German officials do not attempt to
deny this., though they add it has long
been intended to relieve them at their
own request.
Home of the German newspapers con
tend that a surrender in thiß matter
without similar concessions on the
other side will mean a grave loss of
German prestige.
KIPLING LOST NO GROUND.
But Did Not jtfake the Expected
Progress Toward Recovery.
NKW YORK. March 4.— At 9 o'clock to
night it was stated that Mr. Kipling had
lost no ground during the day, but had
not made quite as much progress toward
recovery as he had on the previous day.
The patient, th* physicians say. had not
spoken to any nn*> since talking a little
with his wife during the evening.
I by the old man a few months ago Gen-
I eral Clay has seen few visitors and his
j mind has shown signs of weakening.
To-day he sent a messenger to this
i place with the following telegram, ad
dressed to- Senator William Lindsay at
Washington:
"I and my former wife, Dora Brock,
| have been prisoners for about five
years, deprived of life, liberty, property
I and the pursuit of happiness by law-
I less persons called the 'Vendetta,' vio
f lating all our State and national laws
[ and rights. They have committed
WAS GOMEZ
PROMISED THE
PRESIDENCY?
A Confidant of the General
Makes an Extraordi
nary Statement.
UNCLE SAM'S PLEDGE
It Is Alleged That the Cuban
Troops Would Be Paid in Full
and Our Forces Withdrawn.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS^9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, March 4.— ln conversation
with me to-day a member of the Cu
ban Assembly, who is a general in the
army and a close confidant of General
Gomez, made the following extraordi
nary statement, which has weight be
cause of the standing and position of
the man making it:
First— The United States promised
General Gomez that if the offer of
$3,000,000 should be accepted and con
firmed by the Assembly, a further
pum of $10,000,000 would be advanced
to discharge the claims of Cuban sol
diers.
Second— A pledge would be given to
General Gomez that as soon as the
Cuban army was .disbanded and the
machinery for taking the vote of the
people was put in operation the United
States would retire from the island,
turning it over to an independent gov
ernment.
Third— until then the American
troops would be reduced to the lowest
number consistent with the preserva
tion of order in the Island.
Fourth— Gomez affirmed his
ambition to become the first President
of Cuba, and was promised that he
would receive every assistance in ac
complishing this object from the Amer
ican administration.
My informant assures that several
members of the Cuban Assembly have
been taken into Gomez's confidence in
the matter, and that they will strongly
urge the confirmation by that body of
the arrangement to accept the 53,000.
--000. General Julio Sanguillo also is
working with General Gomez, and will
accompany him to Washington.
Stolen Watch Recovered.
' STOCKTON. March 4.— The $400 watc-i
of Superintendent Fillmnre of the South
ern Pacific Company, which was stolen
in San Frandfcco a few days ago, was
a policeman. It teid evidently been ac
cidentally dropped by the man who had
stolpn it. and who is supposed to hf the
burglar who is operating in Stockton.
Made Its Bid in Vain.
CHICAGO. March 4.-The Mitchell Re
duction Company of San Francisco is the
lowest bidder for disposing of Chicago
garbage (its bid was $340,000), but owing to
the condition of the city finances the con
tract cannot be let until taxes are collect
ed. It is probable new bids will then be
called for.
against us all the crimes possible, clos
ing the United States mails and
telegraph offices outside and inside
the
"About th^ time of granting J. M.
Palmer a pension the 'vendetta' In the
town of Richmond, Ky., where I put a
petition of mine in the Federal Post
office and took a receipt for the same,
criminally destroyed it, and they vio
lated my constitutional right of petition
and protest and the penal law of the
United States. Finally Dora's mind and
reason became shaken and my eyes
have been put out so I can't see only
as In a thick fog and can't never read
print any more.
"] pray Congress to send a commit
tee here and save my life and me from
dyii z Mind and alone in my own castle.
Starvation, without crimp, or reward
for a lifetime of service in the cause of
justice and humanity In which I re
ceived seventeen scars; more than all
the major generals from Washington
to the present time.
"CASSIUS MARCELLUS CLAY.
"Whitehall, Ky., March 4, 1599.
"William Lindsay will immediately
give a copy of this to the President, the
Speaker of the Senate and House of
Representatives of tiie United States."
BURNS' DEFEAT
MAY MEAN THE
END OF HERRIN
Mexican's Ambition Creates War in
the Southern Pacific.
PONIATOWSKI ENTERS THE LISTS
Clashing Factions in the Company Will Meet in Con
flict in June— Herrin's Contract as Head of the
Law Department of the Corporation Will
Expire in July.
The ambition of D. M. Burns to be j
United States Senator has created a j
merry war in the Southern Pacific j
Company. Politicians generally, if not i
the public, believe that all is harmony i
in the big yellow building on Mont- |
gomery and Market streets. Those i
who have watched the exciting contest
at Sacramento have been led to under
stand that the railroad has been united- j
ly and heartily in support of the Mcxi- '
can and his absurd aspiration.
It has been whispered around that
Burns, the shameless politician, was to j
win his "vindication" through the rail
road, and that every energy of the
great corporation is being bent to his j
service. This is the falsehood of Ihe ;
Mexican's touts. The facts of the case !
are very different. There are clashing
factions in the Southern Pacific Com- i
pany and D. M. Burns is the cause of ;
the trouble.
The story is an interesting one. Burns
and Will Turn F. Herrin have fraternized ■
for some time. The crafty head of the !
law department of the Southern Pacific
Company has hazarded his official ex
istence upon the success of the Mexi
can. Herrin has undertaken the tre
mendous task of making Burns a
United States Senator, and he has done
so in opposition to the wishes of the
Stanford and Crocker interests in the
Southern Pacific Company.
In his official capacity Herrin repre
sents the Huntington interests. The
head of 'the law department as a mat
ter of course must attend to the po
litical interests of the company. The
only measure of his service that will
be accepted is success. If he fails in j
what he undertakes he knows that his
employers will not be siow to secure the j
Bervtc.es of some one else. Knowing
this, and estimating political conditions j
as he thought they existed, Herrin j
chose D. M. Burns to be the next United
States Senator.
Herrin now finds himself unable to
carry out his contract. He has cajoled,
threatened r.nd begged legislators to
follow his instructions, but has met i
with stubborn opposition from men
that are necessary to the success of
his plans. He finds himself discredited
in his own household. His political j
prophecies have failed and his enemies j
in the Southern Pacific Company are i
taking advantage of his discomfiture, j
He has gone so far as to link his own |
fortunes with those of the Mexican, and j
in the failure of that worthy he is likely j
to find himself on the street looking for j
a job. This condition of affairs has
been kept a profound secret for some
time, but the facts have leaked out and I
are now a mattei of gossip in the clubs ,
and in those circles where the affairs |
LATE SUPPERS
ARE TABOOED
London Custom Irritates
Americans.
-S
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Heral.l. Copyrighted. 1899. by James Gor
don Bennett. .
LONDON, March 4.— There is nothing
more irritating to a visitor to London,
who in American and Continental cities
is able to procure food at any hour of
the day or night, than the difficulty in
getting a meal after evening entertain
ments and while sightseeing on Sun
days. , 1
Even Londoners are beginning to
"kick" against it now. After the thea- j
ters are out, if one wishes supper, and
there are thousands nightly who do,
for many have long distances to travel
into the suburbs before getting home,
it is a case of bolting oysters, cutlets,
'croquettes and the rest with a rapidity
that would try the digestive powers of
an ostrich. But on Saturday nights,
I with the early closing hour, a comfor
table supper after an evening's amuse
ment is impossible.
Just last Saturday supper was or
dered for a very fashionable party at
one of the leading hotels down by the
Thames Embankment. "When they
came from the theater they had only
time to swallow some soup when they
were forced to depart. It was useless
to plead hunger, for the managers knew
very well how 'strictly the police watch
late parties in hotel restaurants. . : ■
Instead of being remedied, the evil is
likely to be aggravated, for the par
liamentary commission on licensing
laws proposes to curtail the hours, for
refreshments, particularly on Sundays.
There are already signs of indigna
PRICE FIVE CEBITS.
i of Herrin and his employers are ques
tions of passing interest.
The matter is not likely to reach a
: climax for several weeks as far as the
Southern Pacific Company is concerned.
i The Stanford and < 'rocker interests in
J the corporation have maintained a de
i termined. hostility to the Huntington
■ clique for some time, but they have
| been unable to gain any material ad-
I vantage. Herrin could rest easily
I therefore, even in the fare of opposi
i tion were it not for the important fact
i that the annual election of directors is
: not so very remote and several impor
i tant changes are likely to happen.
Herrin knows that he has deliberate
ly antagonized the Crocker and Stan
' ford factions b* championing the dis
; graceful cause of Dan Burns. Herrin
knows also that his own contract as
; head of the law department of th<?
! Southern Pacific Company will expire
; in July next, and he must mend his
I fences rapidly or take the chances of
being thrown out. While he has not
: faltered in his allegiance to the Mexi
can he has nevertheless been extend
ing the "glad hand" to his opponents In
the corporation.
His action is perhaps justified, for the
' programme now i.« to place Prince Po
niatowski in the directory of the South
i ' crn Pacific Company and add new
1 power to the influence of the Crockers.
j It is the purpose of the Crockers, as
sisted by the Stanford interest, to place
Poniatowskl in the directory at th©
election which will be held next June.
I It Is claimed that Poniatowski is in
j terested in the Southern Pacific Com
! pany to the extent of four million and
j a half dollars, and that he cannot be
| prevented from being a director if he
wishes to be one.
He has frequently declared his oppo«
pition to the policy of Herrin as far as
| the support of the candidacy of Burns
iis concerned. Herrin is fully aware of
this fact, which is important to him in
connection with the other fact that his
contract as head of the law department
of the company expires in July. Po»
! niatowski as a director will then have
i a vote in the choice of the paid attor
ney of the corporation. He has ex
pressed a desire to relieve Mr. Herrin
of his present position, and that worthy
1 gentleman is bothering his brain in an
effort to make both ends meet the situ-
I ation. It is not unlikely therefore that
! the failure of Dan Burns to win a seat
I in the United States Senate may cost
William F. Herrin his 'position as stat
j manipulator of the Southern Pacific
| Company. The destruction of the Mcx»
ican as a factor of political evil in th.3
State may compel Huntington to rpnr
! ganize his department of law and select
I for it a new head. The end of Dan
I Burns may be the passing of Herrin.
tion meetings to protest, because it is
on Sundays that many men take their
families for an outing, and of course
dine out as well.
CRITICIZE CECIL BfIODES.
South Americans Say the Briton
Lacks Information.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599. by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina, March
4.— Cecil Rhodes' predictions about the
absorption of South America by the
United States, which have been printed
here, have been very severely criti
cized. The newspapers agree in saying
Mr. Rhodes only proved that he has
not the slightest idea of conditions in
the South American republics.
Welshmen living in the Chubut terri
tory have sent a communication to the
press declaring they did not authorize
any one to request Great Britain to
establish a protectorate over Chubut.
MEXICO CITY. March 4.— That part
of the Associated Press interview with
Cecil Rhodes regarding the absorption
of Mexico by the United States has ex
cited much comment in press circles.
El Tiempo, the organ of the Clerical
party, is pleased, as it has for years
been predicting what it calls the paci
fic conquest of this country by the
Americans. Rhodes' views, it says,
only accord , with what the paper has
been saying for a long time, and now
this typical English imperialist throws
off the mask and shows the real aim
of the Anglo-Saxons, who aim to con
quer the world. The Tiempo then in
dignantly rebukes Rhodes for havinsr
said that the Latin-American repub
lics were barbarously governed. -
El Correo Espanol, the organ of the
Spanish colony here, says Rhodes is a
terrestrial Drake, alluding to the fa
mous English admiral, who was the
scourge of Spain's shipping and fleet in
the time of Philip 11. It assails Rhodes
as nothing but a filibuster, who made a
fiasco in South Africa.
The Mexican Herald says Rhodes is
plainly unacquainted with the progress
made by Mexico in recent years and
does not comprehend the intensely pa
triotic national sentiment of the Mexi
can people. President Diaz has so firm
ly implanted the ideas of peace here
that when he is dead his ideas will still
rule his fellow countrymen.2
ANOTHER DAY SET
FOR THE ELECTION
OF THE MEXICAN
Burns' Touts Continue to Run Their Stale
Bluff on the People.
BOASTING PLAYED TO A FINISH
*
Oft Repeated Assertions of Accessions to the Corral of
the Candelaria Candidate Fail to Even Excite
Comment Among Outsiders.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— Two new names
were added to the Democratic li^t of
candidates in the joint ballot to-day.
Twelve votes were cast for Gavin Mc-
Nab ar.d one vote was recorded for
Jesse D. Grant. Assemblyman Fair
weather cast the vote for Jesse and he
expects to get othors in line next week.
Senator Braunhart was the first voter
'Savin Me Nab and the assistant
secretary of the Senate had some diffi
culty m getting the name recorded cor
rectly. "Calvin McGab" was about as
near to the name as the recorder could
get and it went that way until Major
Kyle, the chief clerk of the Assembly,
got it Gavin McNab.
When Senator Feeney's name was
called the assistant secretary of th^
Senate did not clearly understand the
response, "John Rosenfeld," and there
fore. announced "Daniel M. Burns."
This little error caused a deal of half
suppressed merriment as the story has
been going the rounds for several weeks
that the Rosenfeld votes are really
staked out for Burns. Only one ballot
was taken to-day.
The manifesto inspired by Burns and
prepared by Grove Johnson has fallen
flat. The Grant men do not regard it
as worthy of a reply. They maintain
that the majority of the Republican
members of the Legislature settled the
question by a vote of 4S to 29 and that
Burns must abide by the will of the
majority.
The Grant forces are as firm as ever,
but the Burns people are holding out
the suggestion of a combination of
Grant and Burns to bring about the
election of a Senator. The truth is that
Burns is making a strong effort to cap
ture pome of the Grant men. but there
are no signs to-night of success in that
direction.
The "Colonel" is putting on a cheer
ful front this evening. Grove Johnson
made the declaration in the Assembly
to-day that Burns would be elected
Senator next Wednesday. The an
nouncement did not create a panic.
There are no indications to-night of a
break to get into the Burns corral. Dan
pays a visit every day to Colonel Jack
Wright's office at the depot and it is
presumed that Herrin at the San Fran
cisco end of the wire imparts words
of cheer to the railroad's candidate.
A NEW HARBOR
COMMISSION BILL
IN THE SENATE
Changes Made to Meet the
Objections to the Old
Measure.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— Senator Dickinson's
bill to re-ostablish the Harbor Commis
sion came up for consideration by the
Senate this morning, but all that was
done was to receive a subsitute sub
mitted by Dickinson. In submitting his
substitute Dickinson referred to the ad
verse report of the Committee on Com
merce, Harbors 6nd Rivers and said the
"substitute was offered for the purpose of
meeting some of the objections made to
the original bill In the committee. • The
new act is as follows:
An act to amend sections 2520, 2521 and 2552
of the Political Code relating to the Board of
State Ilarbor Commissioners, on establishing
the said board and defining certain of its
powers and duties, ; together with the terms i
of office and compensation of Its officers and
appointees.
The people of the State of California, repre
. s«-nted in Senate and Assembly, do enact as
follows:
Section I— Section 2520 of the Political Code
is hereby amended to read as follows: . .
2520— A Board of State Harbor Commission
ers, to consist of five persons, is hereby con
stituted with such powers and duties as are
prescribed by law. Each of said Commission
ers shall hold office for the term of four years,
provided that of those first appointed under
this act, two shall hold office for the term
of three years and one for the term of four
years from the date of their respective com
missions and until their successors are ap
pointed and qualified, and the two members
of the existing board having the longest terms
to serve under their present appointment shall
be members of the ' board hereby created for
the unexpired portions of their . respective
terms, under and by virtue of their appoint
ment and- qualification on the existing board.
X'pon the expiration of each of the terms of
the' Commissioners last named, his successor
shall be appointed and hold office for four
years. Such appointment shall be made in
all respects as those of other Commissioners
provided for in this act. All of said Commis
sioners must thereafter be nominated by the
Governor, and by and with the consent of
the Senate, be appointed for four years from
the dates of their respective commissions and
until their successors aie qualified. If the
term of office of any Commissioner expire dur
ing the recess of the Senate, the Governor mugt
grant a commission to his successor; which
shall be valid to all intent* and purposes, sub
ject, however, to the content of the Senate
at Its next regular session. If a vacancy occur
from any cause in ihe office of a Commissioner
before the expiratton of his term, his suc
cessor must be appointed and hold office only
for the unexpired portion of such term. ! .In
case the Senate, ' during its eesslon, fall to
act on or refuse Its consent to any nomina
tion the Governor may make of persons to
constitute the board herein flrnt provided for
or to fill a vacancy occurring thereafter by ex
piration of the term or otherwise, he must,
after I the adjournment of the Senate, grant
a commission for the term herein provided for,
or for the unexpired portion of such term,
as the case may be, subject, however, to the
consent of the Senate at its next regular ses
sion- provided, that upon the passage of this
Hrt the Governor shall nominate and appoint
the three Commissioners to fill the offices here
hv created. The Commissioner first ' appointed
for four years, and thereafter his successors,
iv,aii be the president and executive officer
nf the board. It shall be his duty to pre
,fi. at jts meetings, to supervise the official
-or^tiet of all Its officers and employ. es-
SSlaHy in the collection, custody and dis-
KMrKPmMIt of the revenues, and to require that
ail the books, papers and accounts be ac
iirptplv kept, and in proper form, and all the
of law. and the regulations of the
pro\ißlonb enforced and observed. He may
Minister official oaths to the officers and
administer oi boar d. except the other Com
employes or tne ( . hf>r lierßons in relation
roissioners ana «» ( >
to the business o JSM of the Pomica , Code is
Se «™dedto read as follows: . ■
isereby '521-The l iresldent of .the board mußt
,lve C ao fflclal ba&i in the sum ° 50 ' 000 - and
Outside of the corral the opinion is
almost universal that Burns is prac
tically out of the race. He may be able
to execute his threat that no Senator
shall be elected, but he cannot do more
than prolong the deadlock. The best
informed touts take this view of the
situation. The game of looking wise
and boasting has been played to a
finish.
Three weeks aga Dibble held up one
finger and remarked: "When the break
comes every man in the Bulla camp
except one— all but one— will go to
Colonel Burns." The break did come
and not one man of the Bulla forces
went to Burns. Assemblyman Cosper,
who was counted as a sure Burns man,
went to Scott, and men who know him
best assert positively that he will never
go to Burns.
General Barnes left the capital for
San Francisco to-day and will return
to-morrow evening. He is receiving
many messages of good cheer from
every section of the State. A promi
nent Republican of San Joaquin Coun
ty writing to him and wishing him suc
cess adds this comment:
"What a peculiar condition of affairs
it is, when men, who, if running before
the people, would stand no possible
chAnce of election can gain votes in
the Legislature over men who, if the
people had the popular say in the mat
ter, would be elected by an overwhelm
ing majority. The members of the Leg
islature cannot be blind to the almost
unanimous Republican sentiment of the
State in favor of yourself. How they
can act in such willful disregard of this
sentiment is more than I can under
stand. However, there are more things
in politics than are dreamed of in all of
the philosophy of the world."
It is expected that Irving M. Scott
will return to the scene of the struggle
next Monday. U. S. Grant i» here and
has not been away from Sacramento
since the battle began. He is obvious
ly the most unconcerned man at the
capital. Nothing disturbs him. The
keen observer can readily see that
Burns' tranquillity is artificial, but
Grant's is natural. The rumors which
disturb and worry his followers do not
affect Grant in the slightest degree.
There may be something like an or
ganized effort upon the part of certain
Democrats next week to bring Jesse
Grant prominently into the Senatorial
race with the hope of catching some
Republican support to break the dead
lock.
each of the other commissioners in the sum
of $50,000, which must be approved by the
Governor and State Treasurer by written en
dorsement thereon, and within fifteen days
after the date of their respective commissions,
must be filed and recorded in the office of the
Secretary of State, together with the official
oath urescribed by law. The commissioners
shall not be sureties for one another, nor shall
any officer of the State, nor any officer or
member of the Leelslature, be accepted as
surety on said bonds. The board hereby ap
pointed shall organize at once upon receiving
their commission and shall appoint a chief
engineer, a secretary, an attorney, and assist
ant secretary, a chief wharfinger, and such
number of wharfingers and collectors as they
may deem necessary. The secretary, the chief
engineer and the attorney shall hold office
for the period of four years, and all of the
other officers, appointees and attaches of the
said board shall hold office at the pleasure of
the board. The board may require such bonds,
except from the secretary, from all officers and
employes of said board, as they may deem
best.
Sec. 3— Section 2552 of the Political Code is
hereby amended to read as follows:
25!J2— The monthly salaries, of the officers
of the board shall be as follows:
The president. 1300.
Each of the other commissioners, $250.
The secretary. $250.
The assistant secretary, $150.
The attorney, $200.
The chief engineer, $300.
The chief wharfinger, $250.
The wharfingers, $110, and the collectors, $100.
The board must fix the compensation of the
other employes, attaches and officers.
Sec. 4— This act shall take effect immediately.
ASSEMBLYMEN ARE
GETTING IRRITABLE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— Senator Sammy
Braunhart's fender bill came up In the
Assembly again to-day, raised a rough
house for a half hour or so and then went
to the unfinished business file because the
hour for the consideration of Senate bills
had expired. Dibble attempted to break
one of his own unique rules by moving
to have the hour extended for a long
enough time to call the roll on the final
passage of the bill, but the House would
not stand for It. It called the time limit
on him. Then Dibble left his scat and
went to File Clerk Gyries' desk and
quietly told him to record the, bill on the
finished business file and state with It that
j the previous question had been ordered
: and stood against the rollcall. This will
j preclude further debate when the bill
| comes up on Monday and the bill will
stand with the one amendment Dibble
; has added to it, which throws the whole
fender matter into the hands of County
Boards of -Supervisors.
Laird's coyote scalp bill came up, and
I Belshaw wanted to deny It a second read
; ing. Kelsey had some amendments to
! offer, and Belshaw withdrew his motion
that the Santa Claran might have time
to print his changes in the Journal.
When Senate bill 27 came up Oamlnetti
attacked it vigorously. The bill is de
signed to enable the Santa Fe Railroad to
purchase and amalgamate as a part of
i its system the San Joaquin Valley road,
! and it is championed by all of the south
! em members and most of those from the
: north. Mr. Caminetti saw in it a measure;
not to be considered hastily, and had the
; temerity to say so. He was interrupted
ill-naturedly by Dibble, who said it was
| too late in the fif-ssion to make a political
i speech. Caminetti replied by demanding
< that the bill be referred to the Judiciary
! Committee. Valentine explained the
' harmless intent of his measure, but Cami-
I netti insisted, and made his demand a
motion. It was carried, and the bill went
: to committee. .
Assemblyman Hoey, who yesterday
! gave notice that to-day he would move to
! reconsider the vote by which the Folsom
I road bill was passed, called the matter
up, but it was lost by a motion to lay on
the table.
Valentine's motion to reconsider the re
i port which was submitted yesterday by
the Committee on Attaches met the same
fate.
At to-night's session the newspaper
claims for publishing constitutional
. amendments were the special order, and
the so-called majority report trimming the
j bills to such an extent that they could not
i be identified was adopted. An attempt
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 18iJa.
was made by the minority to amend the
bills back to the original sums, but they
were voted down. The bills were given
their second reading and will come tip for
third next week. '
Gage's numerous vetoes were the special
order for 11 o'clock. The Governor's ve
toes have come in lately with much regu
larity, but have been flatly ignored. They
were finally made the order for to-night
and were ignored again.
Grove L. Johnson got news during the
evening that Governor Gage had vetoed
the Mullan claim, in which Mr. Johnson
Is interested. "I guess." said Johnson,
"the Governor has heard that I voted to
down his golden poppy veto." Then Mr.
Johnson made a quick little motion to ad
journ, and it was carried before even Mr.
Dibble knew it. Governor Gage's vetoes
were left dangling on the hie. Dibble
wanted to consider them any way. Ad
journment did not make any difference,
but Johnson and the rest only laughed,
and the session was called off until Mon
day. _^
MORTGAGE TAX EXEMPTION
AMENDMENT PASSED
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-,
MEXTO, March 4.— There was a few min
utes of redhot debate this morning when
Assemblyman Mead's constitutional
amendment No. 19 came up In the As
sembly for final action.
Mr. Mead's amendment exempts from
taxation growing crops, trust deeds and
mortgages. Its principal features are as
follows:
Section 1 All property in the State not ex
empt under the laws of the United States, or
this constitution, shall be taxed in proportion
to its valuf to be ascertained as provided l>s
law ' The word "property." as used in this
article and section, is hereby declared to in
clude moneys, credits, bonds, stocks, dues,
franchises and all other matters and thingra,
r*al personal and mixed, capable of private
ownership- provided, that property used for free
public libraries and free public museums, rtow
lns crop?, mortgages, trust deeds, property
used exclusively for public schools, and nidi
as may belong to the United States, this Stati
or to any county or municipal corporation
within this State, shall be exempt from taxa
tion The Legislature may provide for a re
duction from credits of debts due bona fide
residents of this Stnte; provided further, that
this amendment shall not apply to mortgage.-?
and trust deeds executed prior to the date this
amendment takes effect.
In speaking to his measure Mr. Mead
MEXICAN DAN-" IT'S ME! THE PARTY BE DAMNED.
said that under the present law the mort
gage tax works a hardship on the bor
rower; that the original intent was that
the lender should assume the tax, but
that as it Is at present the borrower was
compelled to pay It. *
Wade of Napa said that he was against
the bill for the reason that the present
law had operated successfully, and he
could see no reason for changing it now.
Dibble and Judge Clough sided with
Mead and the amendment was adopted
with few votes cast in its disfavor. •
MULLAN'S CLAIM
GETS THE VETO
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— With a willing stroke
of his pen the Governor to-day punctured
one of Assemblyman Johnson's best be
loved bills. It appropriated $45,616 30 to
pay th<3 claim of John Mullan for collect
ing $225,081 51 due from the Federal Gov
ernment to the State.
The claim which the Governor has killed
dates back to* the Civil War. At that time
there was a "direct war tax" levied upon
the various States, which provided for an
annual income of $20,000,000. California's
share of this was $254,538 66. Of this
amount the State paid $247,445 41. leaving
a balance still due of $7003 26.
In December of 18S2 Mullan was ap
pointed by Governor Perkins to collect
this tax from the Federal Government,
which had by that time started to pro
vide for ihe paying back of the war tax,
and his appointment was ratified by the
Legislature in the spring of ISB3. This
ratification was made by concurrent reso
lution, and in addition to ratifying his
appointment the Legislature fixed Mul
lan's compensation at 20 per cent of any
amount he should collect.
The first installment of the tax was paid
back to the State in July of 1884. It
I amounted to $38,676 52. but before it was
finally turned over $7093 26 was deducted,
the balance due from the State to the
Federal Government. The balance of the
amount to be refunded, $31,583 26 was paid
over to Mullan and he turned it into tho
State treasury and received ln return
$77.15 30, a 20 per cent commission on
$. i W,676 52, instead of on $31,583 26. the
amount actually collected, or an excess
I of $1418 95.
In -February of 1888 Governor Water
! man revoked Mullan's appointment aa
agent of the State, setting forth as a
cause that the work was a matter for leg
islation and did not call for the services
AMUSEMENT FOR
THE MINORITY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO, March 4.— "Whisper
ing" Gavin McNab was the Dem
ocratic choice in the Senatorial
ballot to-day. His candidacy was
sprung, badly., by Senator Sammy
Braunhart, who called attention to
his entrance into the Assembly
chamber with the startling an
nouncement that he was "going to
switch."
Assemblyman Fairweather. Dem
ocrat, switched to Jesse D. Grant,
whose politics has never been as
certained, and Senator Langford
made another flop, this time to
Phelan.
Altogether the minority spent a
very pleasant half-hour.
In the Republican ranks there
was no change and no incident to
mark the balloting. But one bal
lot was taken and that resulted as
follows:
BARNES 22
ESTEE 1
BURNS 24
GRANT 2j»
SCOTT 5
DB VRTES (D.) •- 1
ROSENFELD (D.) ,|
WHITE (D.) 12
T'HELAN (D.) 3
McNAB (D.) •. v ~
JESSE D. GRANT (D.) 1
of an agent. He declared the expenses of
an agent could and should be saved. But
Mullan paid no heed to the revocation of
his appointment and went right along
with his lobbying: in Washington.
It was in IKiil that Congress became tired
of the persistence of the agents for the
various States who were working for the
State claims, and it passed a resolution
providing that the State claims be not
paid if any part of them was to go to any
agent for their collection.
The Legislature of California accepted
this condition and in the same year the
Governor received a draft from the Fed
eral Government for $208,246 89. and then a
little later another for the balance due,
$8110 98.
Despite the fact that these amounts
were paid after the appointment of Mullan
had been revoked, he claimed the credit
of securing the money and demanded hia
20 per cent commission.
It was refused and he sued for the
amount, but the courts would have none
of his contentions. His suit was defeated
on th=! point that the appointment had
been Illegally made; that the appointment
by the Governor in the first place was not
legal, and the subsequent ratification by
the Legislature by concurrent resolution
did not make It so. Mullan was further
advlaed that it was his business to know
how far the powers of the Legislature
went in the matter of appointments, and
he accepted a defective one at his own
peril.
In view of this decision and the revoca
tion of Mullan's appointment by Gover
nor Waterman before the bulk of tho
claim was paid In and In view of the fact
that he Is ahead of the. State over $1000
anyway, the Governor vetoed the bill pro
viding for his claim.
SENATE ROUTINE BY
A SMALL HOUSE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MKNTO, March. 4.— For the first time
since the beginning of this legislative ses
sion the Senate convened on a Saturday
afternoon to-day. The Senate was re
luctant, too, and the sergeant-at-arms
had to hunt the Capitol over to find Sen
ators to make up the quorum. It was a
bad beginning, for only this morning a
resolution from the Committee on Rules
added another half hour to the day's ses
sion, beginning next Monday, by order
ing the morning convention of the Son
ate at 9:30. The Senate wants to do more
work— that was the object of the resolu
tion—but Saturday afternoon whs a. dif
ferent matter.
Assemblyman Caminetti's bill 439, pro
hibiting "treating," and the "buying or
giving of any cigars or Intoxicating bev
erage, or any temperance beverage, to
any person by a candidate for public of
fice," was paised to third reading. Short
ridge wanted to kill the bill offhand, with
out Second reading or anything else, but
he was persuaded to let It live until third
reading time.
The Governor's message approving
Stratton's primary law was read to the
Senate this morning, and also another
message approving- the rider, which toned
down the penalty provided in the first Dill,
which was allowed to be inflicted upon
any one who." having been appointed to
serve as an officer of a primary election,
refuses to do so.
Senator Bulla's bills 336 and 337. amend
ing the Political Code so as to make it a
misdemeanor to interfere in any way with
telephone wires, were passed.
ADMIRAL DEWEY
RETURNS THANKS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— Admiral Dewey has
received the hearty congratulations
cabled him yesterday by California, and
to-day, in answer, came the following
to Major Kyle, chief clerk of the As
sembly:
"MANILA. March 4, 1899.— Kyle, Sac
ramento, Cal.: Heartfelt thanks.
"DEWEY."
Three hearty cheers went up when
the message from the hero of Manila
Bay was read in the Assembly, and it
was at once taken by Kyle himself to
the Senate chamber, where it was
greeted with another enthusiastic out
burst.
It was ordered printed in the journal
of Monday.
A PREMIUM SET ON
GOING TO THE POLLS
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— The Assembly this
morning accepted Mead's constitutional
amendment No. 13, and in doing so de
clared itself against poll taxes and simi
lar charges against the franchise.
The provisions of Mead's amendment
axe as follows:
Section 12. The Legislature shall provide
for the levy and collection of an annual
poll tax of not less than $2 on every male
Inhabitant of this State over 21 and under
60 years -of age, except paupers, idiots.
Insane persona and Indians, not taxed.
Said tax shall be paid into the State
school fund; provided that every male
who votes at a general election shall bo
exempt from the payment of such poll tax
for the next ensuing two years.
Smith's Registration Bill Approved.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— Senator Smith's bill
providing for a new method of registra
tion has found the approval of the Gov
ernor, who so reported to the Senate in
a message submitted this evening.
Senator Smith's bill provides for the
abolition of the great registers and for the
registration of a' voter by a system of
affidavits similar to the ones now sworn
to before a registrar. Instead of having
the facts contained in these printed in a
register the bill provides that copies of
the affidavits themselves shall be bound
and used as a register at the polling
places.
The idea Is that when a voter appears
at the polls he shall figrn his name, and
his signature as well as his description as
it appears on the affidavit shall be the
:nean3 of identifying him. It is claimed
that a comparison of the signature writ
ten in the booth and the one affixed to the
affidavit will form a method of i.leiuili
cation which cannot be beaten. The mil
further provides for a -small index of the
hound affidavit, which will bo mailed to
each voter in order that he may assure
himself that he is properly represented
in the register so formed. The act will
do aw;-y with thousands of dollars in
printing hills.
Cleaned Off Its Table.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Maich 4.— The Senate Finance
Committee this afternoon finished up a
number of bills that have been hanging
fire for some time. Those bills which met
Its approval are the following: Senate bill
722, making r.n appropriation to pay the
funeral expenses of the late State Treas
urer Levi Rackllffe. and Assembly bill
622. appropriating money for the support,
of orphans and abandoned children. The
bill making; en appropriation to pay the
claims of certain State Normal School Di
rectors for mileaflK in traveling to and
from the State Normal School at San
Joae was also allowed.
No Restriction to Racing.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— Assembly Mil 831. pro
viding for the prevention of pool-selling
except at racetracks was accepted as an
amendment for his own pool-selling meas
ure by Senator Braunhart this evening.
BURNS' LATEST
SCHEME WAS NOT
A BIG SUCCESS
Johnson's Sine Die Adjournment Motion Was
Quickly Squelched.
CROOKEDNESS WAS NOT TOLERATED
Much Arrogant Blnster as to the Fntore Indnlged In by the
Mexican's Chief Tout After His
Defeat.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— As soon as oppor
tunity offered this morning Grove L.
Johnson attempted to put in play Dan
Burns' lalest scheme to make himself
Senator. "
As The Call of this morning said he
would do, he made an abortive attempt
to adjourn sine die this present session
of the Legislature. To accomplish it
he called up the resolution to adjourn
to-day, which was adversely reported
yesterday by the Ways and Means
Committee. The Speaker, however, Was
forewarned and sternly informed John
son that his motion was out of order.
The Assembly, with Speaker Ander
son leading it, was in no mood to tol
erate any such crooked scheme as the
Burns touts have just failed to make
good.
Grove Johnson's motion of this morn
ing was expected and not one in the
House but recognized it as the first
move to bring about an extra session
after such a time as Burns and his
gang had succeeded in quietly maneu
vering a caucus that would result in
the Mexican's election as soon as the
Governor should be forced to call for
a reconventiori.
The Burns push in the House was
lined up in solid phalanx and ready to
stand with Johnson should he succeed
in getting consideration for the resolu-
There were others who stood with
him as well, though with not the same
incentive. They were those who hy
pothecated their warrants for three or
four weeks ahead and blew their sub
stance into such paltry delights as this
city of Sacramento affords. Already
they have been reduced to the lunch
counters, and the argument put to
them yesterday that if they left the
The Assembly bill does not restrict rac
ing to sixty 'days in any county in any
year nor to any other time, a feature
which marks the principal difference be
tw. .-n it and the one for which it may
be made a substitute. It was referred to
the Judiciary Committee with orders that
a nnort upon it be returned on Monday
at in o'clock. The bill was taken up by
the committee later in the afternoon and
It was decided to recommend that it cto
pass. The bill will come to a vote on
Monday, when it will be decided whether
or not it will be accepted by the Senate.
Selection of Jurors.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— Senator Hrautihart's
bill relating tc the selecting and returning
of jurors was passed by the Senate tnis
morning.
The measure makes several radical
changes in the present law of secuiing
jurors, principal among them being a spe
cific direction that the Superior Judges,
themselves, and no one else, shall
select the names of persons to
serve on juries. It provides also
that where the list is finally verified
each Judge must attach to his list an af
fidavlt attesting th.c fact that he person
ally has selected the names. It is further
provided in ihe act that no person shall
Berve as a grand juror within two years
of a previous term, nor on a trial jury
within one year of a previous term. Nor
shall he serve on a trial jury panel more
than for five cases or for one month in a
year. _________^_^
STEAMER BUTTORF
STRIKES A BRIDGE
The Vessel Supposed to Have Sunk,
but It Is Thought the Passen
gers Escaped.
NASHVILLE, Term.. March 5. 1:« n.
m.— A telephone special to the American
from Clarksville says: The steamer H.
W. Buttorf struck the Louisville and
Nashville bridge at this place at 1:40
o'clock this morning, and at present is
sinking on the opposite bank from this
city. The first known of the accident was
the sound of the boat crunching into the
western pier of the bridge. Those awake
at the wharf boat, about 600 yards below
the bridge, heard the boat signal for the
draw to be opened.
A few moments later the crash came,
followed by the cries of women and
| sounds of confusion on board the boat.
; The boat made for the western bank,
; but on account of the timber and other
obstructions she could not reach It. As
thn boat is across the river from the city
i nothing is known as to the fate of the
passengers. It is believed the boat has
sunk, but that many, if not all, the pas
j sengers escaped. Skiffs are now being
hurried to the rescue.
The Buttorf was en route from Nash
ville to Paducah.
DEATH OF J. M. COOK.
Was the Head of a Great Tourist
Agency in England.
LONDON, March 4.— Mr. J. M. Cook,
the head of the great tourist agency, is
dead. He never recovered from the ill
ness which he contracted while con
ducting the recent tour of Emperor
William of Germany in Palestine.
John Mason Cook was born at Mar
ketborough, England, in January, 1834,
and from his tenth year was associat
ed with Jlis father, the founder of the
famous excursion business, in its exec
utive management. In ISSI he was his
father's chief assistant in the already
large enterprise handled by Thomas
Cook in conveying 165,000 persons to
the gieat British exhibition, and con
tinued working in connection with his
father until 1856, when he accented an
appointment as noting superintendent
of excursion traffic of the Midland
Railroad of England. In 1864 the excur
sion business Increased to such an ex
tent that Mr. Cook joined his father
permanently.
CREEK CHIEF" REPORTED DEAD.
Ishparhecher Said to Have Been Sum
moned Before the Manitou.
MUBKOGBB, I. T.. March 4.— lt is
reported here that Ishparhecher, prin
cipal chief of the Creek Indians, is dead
at Okmulgee, capital of the Creek Na-
I tion. The rumor cannot be verified.
general appropriation bill unpassed
they could come back here and do their
business in extra session on full pay
readily appealed to them. They were
ready to-day for anything that showed
the alluring twinkle of dollar marks,
but they were not of sufficient num
ber to carry the plan into effect. John
son had a forlorn hope and he knew it,
but he stood by Mr. Kenneally's
nel Dann M. Burns" faithfully in :h>
face of the Speaker and the decent
ment in the chamber.
Johnson made no further attemnt
during the day to call up the resolu
tions, but in speaking about the ques
tion of an extra session later, he said;
"If an extra session is called it will
be empowered to elect a Senator
whether such object is included in the
call or not. When Senator Stanford
died in office, Senator Hearst was ap
pointed to succeed him. Shortly after
this, in the summer of 1886, the Legis
lature met in extra session to con
sider irrigation matters. In the mean
time the Legislature had become Re
publican and some one moved that a
Senator be elected. It was so ordered,
and A. P. Williams was chosen. 2,iorc
than this, Williams was seated."
Johnson's attention was called to the
fact that if he, as one of Burns' lead
ers, should move to adjourn sine die it
might be construed to mean that the
Mexican had given up the fight. In
reply to this he said: "If such an in
terpretation is to be placed on the move
I shall be opposed to again bringing
the matter up. I have from the start
favored an adjournment at the end of
sixty days. I am confident that D. M.
Burns will be elected United States
Senator next Wednesday. I now make
the statement that he will be elected
Senator on next Wednesday at noon.
Rather than have any false reports
about this thing go out. I shall not
again bring up the resolution to ad
journ." *
Okmulgee is quarantined on account of
smallpox, which is epidemic there
Ishparhecher was a full blood Creek
Indian and for four years had been the
principal chief of his people. Ever since
he became a leader among the » reeks,
Ishparhecher fought all legislation
tending to change the tribal conditions
in the Territory, and only recently he.
was practically forced into giving his
consent to the negotiations of the
treaty between his people and the
Dawes Commission. The sterling hon
esty and the indomitable will of the
aged chief made him much respected
among both Indians and whites.
Bakersfield Attorney Dead.
BAKERSFIELD, March 4.— Hon. T. W.
Lockhart, a well known attorney of this
city. died this morning. His body will be
Fhfppert to Dcs Moines, lowa, to-morrow
for Interment. He was a native of Leba
non, lnd., and came to Bakersfleld in 1892.
Ship Dominion Overdue.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 4.— Some anx
iety is felt for the ship Dominion, from
Honolulu for this port. The bark Do
minion, which left Honolulu thirty days
after the ship, arrived this morning with
out any intelligence of her namesake.
Santa Clara Beats Berkeley.
SAN JOSE, March 4.— To-day the Santa
Clara College first nine defeated the first
nine from the University of California by
a score of 11 to 3. Joe Corbett was present
as coach for Berkeley.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" Better c ße Wise
Than Rich."
Wise people are also rich
when they know a perfect
remedy for all annoying dis-
eases of the blood, kidneys,
liver and bowels* It is
Hood's Sarsaparilla, which
is perfect in its action. It
so regulates the entire system
as to bring vigorous health.
It never disappoints.
Goitre-"For 42 years I had goitre, oi
swell ngs on my neck, which was dißcour-
aging and troublesome. Rheumatism also
annoyed me. Hood's Sarsaparilla cured
me completely and the swelling t ha£.\in;
tirely disappeared. A lady in Michigan
saw my previous testimonial and used
Hood's and was entirely cured of th<=
same trouble. She thanked me forrecom.
mending it." MRS. ANNA SUTHER.
LAND, 406 IX) veil street, Kalamazoo.
Mich. .
Poor Health-"Had poor health for
years pains in shoulders, back and hips.
With constant headache, nervousness and
no appetite. Used Hood's Sarsaparilla
gained strength and can work hard all
aav; eat heartily and sleep well. I took
it because it helped my husband." MRS
ELIZABETH J. GIFFELS, Moose Lake-
Minn.
Make* Weak Strongr-"I would *iv«
$5 a bottle for Hood's Sarsaparilla If 1
could not get it for less. It is the bes)
spring medicine. It makes the weal
strong." ALBERT A. JAGNOW, Doug-
lastown. N. Y.
yy . ■ -^
sHocdA \ ocVtiafMViiCfa
Ho6d's Pills cure liver Ills; the non-irrltatlnt
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsa-
, parllla. - m
•OT>TTOXJT7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
I JSK U OIIAO ss^j-agj*} ,&?,:/
brewers, bookblndem. candy-makers. cann«r».^
dyers, flouruiills. . foundries, laundries, paper- .^
hanfrers. printers, painters, shoe ; factories,
stablemen, tar-mofpr*. tanners, tailors. etc. '-r? . ;>
■■ :'1 :■: BUCHANAN BROS.. ♦.-■•
Brush Manufacturer*; 609 sscrijm«nt» 3tLOUBET'S LOVE
OF SIMPLICITY
PLEASES PARIS
Outwits the Gold=Laced Cro=
zier While Moving Into
the Elysee.
Pr,,.p r ,,. The Call and the Mew York
. en Gor-
PA h 4.-M. Philippe Crozier
Js t! the moment. It is true
mriosity felt about De
ipade on the day of
M Loubet is natur
• conversati »n, and
n ke< p up Lntei ».
is, but what unites the whole
of Paris is what the chief protocole is
lo next. Solomon in all his
id give but a faint idea of
licence when he gets on
ith decorations and
; king his chest run
we very hard, and with
. stick, glorified drum majors
;n his ha i
; M. Loubet does not take
very kiru!:> to -M. Crozier's coaching.
The new President is a man of very
When he left the Petit
I hursday to take up his
it i he Elysee he was preceded
■vn four-place cab upon
h were stowed his boxes,
md much worse for
President's moving in
affair, ;u regiment of
□ up whii.- a mili
: the -Marseillaise" as
ie pate of the presi-
Faubourg street honore.
Lou • ■ > ■ hatea fuss. It
knew exactly when
jie v, start for the Elysei,
M. Crozier's orders
i instructions to bring
as the President
indications of getting under
word was brought on
i hat a passing cab
..'. that M. Loubet's
■ his son had been
n it.
: ; ad taken another carriage, which
ts way. There was hurrying
and scurrying. Imagine M. Crozier's
re were only twenty-six
ipal guards and a bugler to do the
verything was done
that ciil'l be to make a brave show,
t went up on the roof in
COUSIN OF MARK
HANNA A BEAT
San Rafael Creditors in !
Mourning.
MANY BILLS LEFT UNPAID j
RELATIVE OF THE SENATOB
DEPARTS SUDDENLY.
j
From Santa Rosa. Too. Come Reports
~; • That He Is Wanted b7 Busi
ness Men Who Accord
ed Him Credit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FAX RAFAEL, March 4.— For .just '•■
( «our brief months the residents of this
community have plumed, themselves
over the pleasing fact that among them
has ,dwelt no less important a person
age than a first coußin of Senator Mar
cus Aurelius Ilanna. He was common
ly regarded as a walking oasis in the ;
midst of a plebeian desert and the de-j
votees of society vied with one another .
in doing homage to the relative of the
great man.
But of late a change has come o'er
the spirit of their dream. The cousin's j
.star uddenly ceased to shine in San j
Kafael by reason of the fact that he i
emulated the Arabs and left many I
mourning creditors, whose tongues have ■
Binee borne evidence of their disesteem |
In epithets more forceful than elegant. )
ADVERTISEMENTS.
o -T  Moralists may
. ;<-'.> % t % ''-c prate, and doc-
.j •'.' -2 JP^ tors prose, and
~ r^s*>^'*"j science shout
pS\ 1 ' / v ~"^==- from the house-
- — 'V 1 \ • //'> 1 tQ p- but J ust
\y -> ■ •■ r s4r A \so long as the
)\ - -jrif^^^lr^ ) birds sing and
< ■ttt^^&CT^r the flowers
J T/C^j^J:^--^ bloom, and a
/ii_^^\i7^ST) _^7^ maiden's lips
■ *— • V»^ '/v- —^% are cherry-red,
.J^: VJy / J ]K and a young
V /JIJ ' \man's eyes
*W/_m__J.'*\ Jj I / look love, just
■ \j^ JL\hL -V ' i J so long the lads
/S^^Vam y I^L_7 and lassies will
\-Qr kiss — and kiss
again.
. And where, good men, is tlw harm if the
i;issers and kissees be healthy, and true
! :love stands sponsor. It is only when ill-
■•- health has biasted the sweet cleanliness of
...vouth that death lurks upon its lips. The
- [deadly germs of dread consumption are as
' harmless as Jane-time butterflies to the
: young man or woman who is thoroughly
.cleaii, sweet and healthy in every fiber and
' .tissue. The germs of disease only attack
• th>t which is already partly decayed.
'•'• There is a great dicine that is a sure
- "and certain protection against all germs
and a speedy cure for all germ diseases.
■ It is Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
irv It gives youthful zest to the appetite.
- -It corrects all faults of the digestion. It
■ aids assimilation. It fills the blood with
the vital, life-giving elements of the food.
■It builds sweet, clean, healthy tissues in
• every part of the body. It drives out all
disease germs. It cures 98 per cent, of all -
"cases of" bronchial, throat and lung affec-
: tions if taken in time. All good medicine
•iaealers sell it, and have nothing ' just as
good." •
'■■.Mr Jos. Henderson Dirbltin. of 544 Josephine
6trcet. New Orleans, La., writes : "I was ailing
• for some two years, suffering from dyspepsia, a
•■ tired feeling/and loss of energy and appetite
j J-tried one bottle of Dr. Picrce's Golden Medical
thscorerv and found great relief. I took two
juore bottles, three in all, and one or two vials
. of the • Pellets. 1 when I wwas» s in good health
" again. I recommend Dr. Pierces Golden Medi-
••"fcal Discovery to do all that it is claimed to do. '
*- - & A man or woman who neglects
■ jAp?^ constipation suffers from slow
r* €j&A poisoning. Dr. Pierces Pleasant
■rA man constipation. One
constipation suffers from slow
poisoning. Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets cure constipation. One
' Rw '■ little "Pellet" is a gentle laxar-
■• W tive, and two a mila cathartic.
"".» ll -v All medicine dealers sell them.
" x I •*• No other pills are "i"«tu sood. ' '
readiness to hoist the flag. The troops,
if twenty-six men can be called troops,
were drawn up in the courtyard. A
crowd gathered in the street, eager to
see the new President take possession
of his seven years' lease, but M. Lou
hot did not arrive.
Quite heedless of M. Crozier or any
thing else, he had pone for a drive as
far as the Arc ds Triomphe. When he
reached the Elysee at about 6 o'clock
many people had grown tired of wait
ing, go M. Loubet wuh able to make his
entry without commotion. This demo
cratic simplicity must endear him to
Fiance. As a matter of fact, the only
real reproach ever made against 51.
Faure was on the score of his love of
display. It is therefore only another
: cc of cups'edness of human na
ture that the very papers that teased
M. Faure for his ostentation are now
puking fun at M. Loubet for his lack
of it.
He if evidently in sympathy with a
Deputy who, during a discussion in the
i number about Faure's funeraJ,
shouted "A bas le protocole!" while an
other made an expressive gesture in
dicating that he was sitting on this
code ceremonial.
M. Loubet, in spite of his careless
ness in regard to the protocole. has
won hands down in the first encounter
which he has had in the field of cere
mony. After this who dare say that
M. Crozier is useless, even in democ
racy. In one respect the new occu
pant of the Elysee is a decided chance
from his predecessors. Although M.
Faure lover a cigar, and one of the
last little jokes about him was that he
was going to put a new cigar bearing
hi? name on the market, he smoked
in moderation.
M. Loubet, on the other hand, smokes
like Vesuvius. He is rarely without a
pipe in his mouth and would surely
have been held in horror by M. Thiers,
who hated both tobacco and those who
smoked. One bond of union between
him and M. Jules Faure was their
equally strong detestation of the weed.
From these details you will see there
is no immediate likelihood of revolu
\ tion. M. Deroulede's frothing over has
given just the requisite note of gayety
to the rather lugubrious events of the
past two weeks.
As solace there has now come to these j
men the knowledge that Mr. Hanna's ;
star gained experience in the art of
rising and setting gracefully in the
cities of Stockton and Santa Rosa,
where there are several merchants who
would delight to interview him on other
subjects than what it is like to be the
blood relation of a distinguished states
man.
C. B. Hanna came to San Rafael in
the latter part of last October. He was
a large, well-built man, of distinguished
presence and pleasing personality. In
a quiet and unassuming manner he in
formed leading citizens that he was a
cousin of Mark Hanna and supplied
them with documentary proof of his
statements in the shape of several let
tors. He announced his intention to
make his future abode in the realm of
society and was received with open
arms. The weekly papers gave notice
of his arrival and notified the public
of the honor that had been voluntarily
accorded the town. Not a merchant
was there who did not jump at the op
portunity to oblige the new resident
and most of them were privileged in
that resp< I
The first thing Mr. Hanna did was to
rent a beautiful cottage on Petaluma
avenue, which he furnished lavishly.
In a short time a daughter named Mrs.
Cherry and her husband came to live
with him.
Mr. Hanna opened an account with
several of the leading merchants and i
deepened the excellent* impression he
had made at first by calling around
and settling accounts punctually on the
Ist of the month. He did this once, and
if the practice had been kf>pt up there
would have been no trouble, but ad
cording to the dealers themselves it
wasn't.
As time rolled on and Mr. Hanna's
bills increased seme of his creditors
grew a little bit uneasy. Among them
were C. Grosjean & Co., who wrote to
friends in Santa Rosa to learn of the
previous standing of their debtor. A
proiJHnerit merchant of Santa i
George King, answered the inquiry and
declared Mr. Hanna was a "dt-ad beat"
and had left there several hundred dol
lars in debt. Hanna was further char.
acterlzed as a "slippery one," and the
firm was told to "keep an eye on him."
About the same time Marshal John
Healy received a letter from another
Santa Rosa merchant, Kdward Carter,
who said Hanna left there owing nearly
Healy was requested to "put
everybody on" or somebody would "get
left." He informed Prey & Co., whole
sale liquor dealers and creditors of the
statesman's cousin, of the communica
tion. Messrs. Prey and Grosjean there
upon drew the line at further credit and
the fun began.
Grosjean intimated that he wanted
his money and kept so persistently after
it that he gr,-t all but a small amount.
Frey was not so fortunate and bewails
the loss of about $50. Mrs. Saiinders,
who rented Hanna her cottage, also got
the coin fever, and after a deal of per
suasion got the major portion of what
was coming to her from him. It is as
serted that there are other creditors
wh'i were not so fortunate.
Last Monday evening Hanna's furni
ture was packed and expressed to the
broad gauge depot, where it was stored
on account of a failure of the owner
ito prepay the freightage. Mr. Hanna.
his daughter and her husband then
departed without the friendly cere
WALES DOESN'T
LEAD FASHION
An Announcement That Will Cause
Dudes to Change Their
Idol of Dress.
Special cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
+ LONDON, March 4.— An announcement that will make the dudea +
-♦■ of New York change their idol of dress is made by a journal called ♦
4- "Fashion," which claims to be the organ of male attire. This is to +
+ the effect that the Prince of Wales does not lead the fashion in men's -f
■♦■ dress, but upon many occasions has stamped an innovation or revival ■♦•
-f by adoption. +
+ It is interesting to note that the approval of the Prince of silk for -f
-♦■ evening dress waistcoats did not establish the garment in popular •*•
-f favor. , :.Vr v "*"
♦ + ♦♦♦♦ ♦ + + ♦ + + + ♦♦♦*♦♦ + + ■♦-♦♦♦♦ + + + ♦♦ + ♦♦
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
Hales. | Hales. | E^^L^^^ L^^^^-^^,-- Hale>S ' -- - - .'--.I ■■-:-.-.--i£ a ?*-?'_-.-.-.^-.-.V-
-•■ ■ I ■■ j| we've had made 'or us a laundry soap— made well: it lathers freehand quickly in hot or cold water: for ail ifk - - I |.- ; % AAAn tf\f It A
CfimOTninnr ftDninQnlll nQU/l laundry purposes .tceinses thoroughly, rinses easily and quickly: it won t shrivel up the hands nor harm 111 Ij2§(P\ UjlQr Till" I^l.
DUiiIuIIIIIIH. UUUIUCUIY HuWl the clothes-it won't, we say. because it's fr;e from alkali: we shall for three days ssll ten cakes of this IU UUIICO OUU|J lUfi IUU
O • J soap for 15 cents: each cake weighs half a pound — 5 pounds of good soap for 15 cents ! iHc a cake.
t|| |■ ■ ■ j "Sir — We want you to"
old our advertising man yesterday: WfM.
"goods every day need your, careful attention: there's more new goods of a- better quality and of a greater assortment than we ever bought
"before, and we want every woman in this State to know it: we want these bright spring creations to go forth in printers' ink, described as"
"fully, as truthfully as possible: we want these laces, these ribbons, the dress goods, the silks, the wash fabrics' opened up, displayed, criti-"
"cized: we wish all this done right away: these goods will make the public enthusiastic if you but let them know you are really enthusiastic"
"over them: the goods will sell when once they are seen, we have no fear about that: we've bought in New York, Paris, London, Scotland,"
"Ireland, Germany for cash — spot cash, discounted cash: that's your foundation, Mr. Advertising Man, with which to open up the spring campaign."
new dress goods: new rich silks: • new embroideries : new neckwear: new niching:
.. ♦-.„„)„ —,-JL *ri«i n< . w among our latest arrivals we welcome with the "Rehan." satin stock collar, with full ends i liberty "chiffon, juby trimming, used ex-
plain colored whipcords and paqulns, in fancy stripe taffetas, in purple green, new g]ee j yaf(lg of gwlsg and cambrlc em at the back o£ whUe orienta lace full fly : tensively for covering seams on dresses
all spring colorinss; all wool; g! I blue stripes on cream grounds, .0 lncnes Cl broideries bought at an unusually low figure, bows of thf same lace on Brussels net. O JL : and also edging for neckwear; colors
extra heavy quality *P * wide which enables us to sell them at about one- edged with narrow fluted satin ribbon. OOC black, cream and all light shades:
(braid sets for suitings, in black (for trimmings use butterflies in cream third less than usual prices; the lot consists of i ncn wide, per yard 12Hc
only, very effective for plain col- a nd black embroidered chiffon to ep- all widths of nainsook and cambric etiges. i; inch wide, per yard 15c
nr i_ ' «.* ./, sc ift i -i,,... on yokes sleeves caps, 35c to an entirely new stock collar, with flowing end , _ ... -,
orlngs. $4 to |6 o0.) plique on jokes, sleeps, ps, o Ito W Inches wide per yard ..2 eof chiffon, edged with a pretty design of orlen- Lorraine ruffles, of fine quality Japan-
extra choice line of fancy and plain 6oc each.). Wto 1 inchel wde^eTvard:: »« B c tallace and flniShed off with «£ | eZf\ ese .silk colors ack. cream Og C
all wool suitings 50 inches wide. In fancy taffeta plaids, ln purple, green cardi- Pto 4 inches wide, per Yard......... 7 1-Uc narrow fluted ribbon tM.OU and light shades. 1 in. wide, yd -6 CFV
latest spring colorings. per *CJ{ na lues turquoise. 19 inches wide <J» | 2Vj to 5 Inches wide, per yard 8 l-»e ruffling made of'no. 2 ribbon of satin;
sult • i"Vr«c"'/ "MHi ' ' * *•'* 3 to 6 Inches wide, per yard I<> c the "Czarina" collar, the novelty of the sea- largely used to trim reveres, Iffp
(reveres to match, *i -•> to }JW •■•• „.,#„-,» colors to mat-h In 3 to 9 inches wide, per yard ll!l-2e son, made of a series of insertion of valen- skirts and collars; per yard.. »Wv
pair) /:. F ( pr n g r ie and bead effect," extremely rich, *to 9 inches wide, per yard 15 O ciennes lace and .edge, with narrow j wider widths. 20c and 50c per yard.
Peau d'Gaunt suitings, a plain colored jHonair) ' 5 to 9 inches wide, per yard 1O i!-3e Valenciennes lace to match; collar pointed, with ■ ,'-. -
fabric with a soft finished surface, ln i 3 °° palr ' ' two full long flowing ends of Japanese silk Japanese silk side plaiting, for dress
slate, tan. mode, green, new blues, f pompadour silks, in striped effects, pink, ■— — — — m— j finished the B ame as collar S2.SO ■ ifT'^ '" i^h C SS? Md 25C
brown; 4* inches wide, per suit <££* turquoise, mais, purple stripes on «J»| QC I : « < 1 " 1 ' 1 light shades; 1 Inch wide **XJ\*
tpvr brocade( i white grounds, per yard. <J>l»-^tJ
(Bolero revere effects in | spangle (eleKant trimming for these are now Send YOUr name and ad-  .. , - . jw
WTb « T sb)5 b ) tion - t0 <>°p>a>-ed on trimming counters.) dress fo/our new spring and seasonable items reasonably priced!
# _ _ SUmnier Catalog COVer in " stockinet dress shields, nos. 1. 2, 3; per palr.Sc ladies' fancy hair clasps 250
neW WaSh gOOdS that Came in Saturday! three co | ors: nearly 2000 corset steeln, 4 hook, black only; per palr...Bc "hell side combs; new styles 25c
madras shirtings, 33 inches wide, in medium colors, checks and Btripes, very latest illustrations: all there is i adles - fancy frilled elastic side garters, in Bh f X P°™ adour combs, with rhine-
for men's shirts, 15 colorings, per yard ••• 1- l--e d{q b^ b j ue , p nk _ re d, yellow and ack lOc Btone setting, from BOc up
madras in two widths. 27 and 33 inches. 45 patterns and colorings, per yard 15c » '' Mt with - co , ored Jewe i B__BOc8 __ BOc shell side combs, with rhinestones.7sc
Scotch mad-as 32 inches wide, in checks and woven stripes, very choice colorings. 2sc ' shell pompadour combs, with rhine-
p lq ues in stripes and woven plaid patterns; navy, light blue, pink and black grounds renaissance *° W belt buckles, with cut stones 81.50
piques in stripes and woven plaid patterns; navy, light blue, pink and black grounds •••"
with white stripes; destined to be extremely popular 3« l-2e ClOak department I ' ladies' shell hair band combo 85c
dimities, newest Etripes and figured grounds, dainty patterns for the children 15c Bt eamer capes of fine imported enamel a d gold buckles, ln fancy shad«s.2sc jugt , n Saturday night an eleg ant line
percales yard wide, red. navy blue, black, medium and light grounds, fully a thpu- new golf and the correct thing nne imported cut steel buckles; many designs... 75c of leather belts with new eyelets.
percales yard wide. red. navy blue, blark, medium and light grounds, fully a thou- «t'-amer rugs- the correct thing GTT PZ.{\ cut steel buckles; many designs 75c I of leather belt 3 with new eyelets.
sand patterns and colorings to indulge your fancy, from .....XZ l-2c esI eclaUy for'traveling '. tj> i tDU
indigo blue prints, »* width, ln stripes and figures, per yard '. 5c affpta sllk gh;rt waistB ln b]ack and color 3 Kent 9, alllEator coln purses, with double compartments 25e
stripes and checks; al?o fine black satin; New • »...»«. •».
»^iir HranOMOC rPJJCnnSlhlv nn'ppH T York designs and latest colorings; others «£(S ladies oblong coin purse, leather lined, ln alligator and grain leather .25c
new arapenes reaSOnaDly priCeCU ask J6 SO; aie- 8 %>O la(11e3 . combination pocketbook and'eard ca»e. B «l grain, assorted color. 25c
in nieces tarestry, 50 Inches wld-, in blue, terra cotta, green and red. per yard 85c 36 ladies' black satin brocaded separate skirts, ladles' combination Docket book of monkey skin, in green, tan, black and red 50c
iv i«^ --i. . . • ... .-. , ;.'..-. __ fu ]j width, lined throughout with percallne and
20 pieces 50 inches wide tapestry. in fancy woven. and solid colors, per yard 65c finiphpd at bottom with best bindings- as- ladies' 2-clasp pique walking glove, ln red, navy, brown, tan, green, purple, white
new ruffled cottage curtains. 3Vi yards long, in Swiss and novelty, made extra long «orted patterns; very attractive; offering <I>S and black; sizes. 5% to 7*; per pair *1.00
especially to meet the wishes of many _Qf_ our customers, pair .7Oc at W
i-»- .nrt.in, in white and ecru, "overlook corded edge, 3V^ yards long, 60 to 60 24 • figured brilllantine skirts offered CO any glove over a dollar that you buy at Hale's store will be kept in repair and
lace curtains 81.23 at €J>^ cleaned any time you wish, free of charge; bring them to glove department.
incnes ■ ...««*
millinery opening latter part of this week: watch our advertisements!
3000 yards of 32-inch wide jliP^P^^^^^(^^^^R) ever V saturda y afternoon, 2to
percale in red and blue /£// Jm^^^_ ___—^ —^ to 5, Stark's celebrated
grounds - - - p — OOOD^^ Vienna orchestra p
(on sale till all sold : fIL/ yd. S/in Fr^HCl^CO'^ frre^te<st m^il=nrder linti^P has been en g a § ed to &™c ali* CC
limit 12 yds to each buyer.) VW J Jdll IldllWatU 5 gICdICM Illdll-UIUCi HUU^C. popular concert at Hales. RK VV
y 937 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market St.
(also Sacramento, San Jose, Stockton, Petaluma, Salinas and Los Angeles.)
mony of telling their acquaintances
very much about it. A day or two ago
Hanna was seen on the streets of San
Francisco by R. M. Donne.
Mr. Frey says he would not * rust
Hanna any further, when he learned
of his Santa Rosa record from Mar
shal. Healy. He calls his debtor a
•dead beat," and says he will get his
money by retaining the furniture under
due process of law, if necessary. He
believes the reason Hanna left town so
suddenly was that he (Frey) let so
many townspeople know of his record
in the past. ._*.«.
It was asserted by Hanna that he
formerly lived in Stockton, and he pro
fessed an intimate acquaintance with
ex-Governor Budd and other well
known persons of that city. He was
accustomed to speak of his business
dealings as if he were worth hundreds
of thousands of dollars, and there were
few men here that would not at one
time have indorsed his note for any
amount of money.
S\NTA ROSA, "March 4.— C. B.
Hanna came to this city, presumably
from Stockton, about two years ago.
He was known as "Colonel" Hanna and
was a veteran of the Civil War. hav
ing served as an officer in the Tenth
Massachusetts Regiment He asserted
that he was a cousin of Mark Hanna
and proved his claim not only by cor
respondence, but by securing a pension
through his relative.
When Hanna left here In October last
hp left unftaid bills aggregating hun
dreds of dollars. He was always prom
ising to pay these bills, and said he ex
pected to get "back pension money"
through the influence of his cousin
Mark. He departed without paying
Otto Fox, a dry goods merchant, the
sum of $200 he had owed" for several
months. D. T^eppo, a furniture dealer,
to whom about $100 was due. never got
a cent of that amount. George King,
a grocer, also lost about $50 by trust
ing Hanna. Small bills of Fred King,
a stableman, and Frank Ross, a wood
and coal dealer, were left unpaid.
Leppo did not lose the full amount of
his bill, taking a number of articles of
furniture back before Hanna left town.
It was wholly owing to his relation
ship with his cousin Mark that Hanna
secured any credit at all. At one time
he was arrested and placed in jail for
drunkenness. When he was searched
all that was found on his person were
a nickel and a quart bottle full of
whisky.
WIXL SELL GOODS DIRECT.
NEW YORK, March 4.— The Amerl-
can Woolen Company, which has just j
been organized by the woolen manu- !
facturers who have combined their in
terests for obvious reasons, promises
to develop successfully. The preferred
stock of the company is to be $20,000,
--000, with authority to increase it to $25,
--000,000. The common stock will amount
to $30,000,000, which may be increased
to $40,000,000. The' officers of the com
pany are: Frederick Ayer, Lowell,
Mass., president; William Wood, Bos
ton, treasurer; W. P. Chapin, Law
rence, manufacturing agent; J. C.
Woodhull, New York, selling agent.
The executive committee is composed of
James Phillips of .Boston, Charles Flet
cher of Providence, R. 1., and William
M. Wood of Boston.
Among the companies interested In
the new enterprise are the Washington
Company of Lawrence, Mass.; the
Riverside Worsted Company of Provi
dence, R. I.; all of Charles Fletcher's
interests and those of James P. Phil
lips Jr. A great many others were
heard from to-day, and judging from
the manner In which the subscriptions \
are coming in the list will be sub- |
scribed. Within ten minutes after the
opening of the list £10.000.000 was sub
scribed in blocks of a half million and I
a million dollars.
The company will sell its goods direct
and not through commission houses,
and In this way a considerable saving
is expected.
FUGITIVE YOUNG
NOW IN CANADA
Hr.E33Sr:R,Y YOTT2STG.
SAN RAFAEL. March 4.— When Henry
Young, the alleged lire fiend of Tiburon.
"jumped" his ball and fled the country
prior to his preliminary examination be
fore Justice Rodden, he evidently desired
to put as many miles between him and
the scene of his alleged crime as possible.
Sheriff Taylor received information to
day that Young is in British Columbia,
and will take steps to have him brought
bark, if he ran be apprehended before h«
leaves there.
The- information reached Taylor through
a friend who knew of a letter that Young
had sent to a bosom friend in Tiburon.
This bosom friend grew talkative after
partaking of too much wine, and the se
cret came out. Sheriff Taylor thinks that
i Young can be arrested without any
trouble. Whether or not he can be extra
dited will have to be learned later. If
Young is brought back and made to stand
trial there will be rejoicing at Tiburon.
The case against him to much stronger
than that against his wife.
Advances made on furniture and piano*, with
> without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
CALIFORNIANS
WINNING FAME
Gallantry Displayed at
Manila.
PRAISE FROM HIGH SOURCE
ACTING INSPECTOR GENERAL'S
GOOD WORDS.
Though the Men Are Suffering From
the Campaign in a Hot Climate
They Are Making No
Complaint.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. March 4.— Walter S.
Martin, lieutenant colonel and aid-de
camp on the Governor's staff, writing
from Manila, lias reported to Adjutant
General Peeler with reference to the
condition of the National Guard of Cal
ifornia on duty in the Philippines.
The colonel says the California Vol
unteers have made themselves conspic
uous by gallantry, by their position al
ways in the front and by good discipline
and good spirit. He quotes Captain W.
E. Birkhimer, U. S. A., acting inspector
general. Eighth Army Corps, as having
said the military bearing and appear
ance of the troops were line. The colo
nel reports the First Californians as ap
pearing exceedingly well at the inspec
tion, in their khaki uniforms. The re
port further states:
As to the question of returning home,
I think that the officers and men would
at any time bo glad to receive a sum
mons. Their families, business interests
and a natural desire to exchange the in
conveniences wbicb they moot with here
for the pleasures of home, would explain
this. I rtoul.t if any interrogation would
<■li.it a request to this effect. The health,
quarters and living, at present, are as
good as it is possible to expect, and tne
prospect of winning new glorii s and a
chance to fipht has quelled all idea and
talk of returning. However, the hot s.-a
-son is coming on, and it will go hard with
our men in camp, or in the field, and.
there fore, if any action is proposed in
this matter, it should be Settled immedi
ately so as to avoid the unfavorable con
ditions here, and the discomforts attend
ant upon travel on the transports in hot
weather and during the typhoon season.
PROGRESS OF THE STRIKE.
Laborers at the Osage Mines Will Re
turn to Work.
FORT SMITH, Ark., March 4.— The
i miners at Huntington are holding out
1 firmly for their demands, only a few
men being at work.
At Govern, I. T., the situation re-
I mair.s about the same. All the old
miners are out and no work is being:
1 done. The company imported twenty
seven , negroes from Oklahoma, but
they have gone away again.
The miners at Wilberton, I. T., re
main practically idle.
A telegram to A. H. Raymond, gen
: eral sales agent of the Western Coal
and Mining Company, from W. T.
i Clelland, superintendent of the Osage
j mines at Krebs, says the men there
' have returned to work in the mines of
the Western Coal and Mining Company
at that place. The telegram says:
"A mass-meeting at each mine this
morning voted to work, 402 against 62.
This was confirmed at a general meet
ing this afternoon by a vote of 446 to
work against 62 to strike. Shipments
will be resumed to-morrow."
INVITED TO INSPECT
RIVAL CANAL ROUTES
House River and Harbor Committee
May Go on a Junket to the
Isthmus.
NEW YORK. March 4.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: The Maritime
and Panama Canal Companies have jc'nt
ly invited the House River and Harbor
Committee to inspect the rival routes
across the isthmus. It is proposed by the
companies to charter a steamer for the
aecomodntion of the committeemen and
make elaborate arrangements for their
trip arms? Nicaragua and Colombia. The
object of invitation is, of- course, to give
the members of the committee an oppor
tunity to familiarize themselves with the
two routes and the condition of the work
performed on each. The decision will be
made in a few days a? to whether the in
vitation shall be accepted. If it is favor
able the trip shall be made within the
next three months.
BRAVE DEWEY
BREAKS OUT
HIS NEW FLAG
Continued from First Page.
sequence of the spreading of the cam
paign throughout the Philippines, Ad
miral Dewey ■will not return to Amer
ica now.
"It may be my fate to die out here."
he said. "I am beginning to think I
may never see our own country again,
for the campaign is now assuming
such an aspect that I cannot think of
going home.
"I am grateful to my country for
gratifying my highest ambition. All
I now ask is that the people stop writ
ing to me."
LAWTON'S TRANSPORT
REACHES SINGAPORE
WASHINGTON, March 4.— General j
Lav.-ton has arrived at Singapore on j
the transport Grant. The following
cablegram was received at the War De
partment from him to-day:
SINGAPORE. March 4.— Arrived to
night. Stop six hours for coal. No seri
ous illness. Favorable conditions still.
Probably reach Manila early on the morn
ing of the 10th. Have so informed Otis.
LAWTON.
The Grant has aboard all of the j
Seventeenth Infantry and four com
panies of the Fourth Infantry*.
DEWEY WILL RECEIVE
EXTRA COMPENSATION
WASHINGTON, March 4.— ln the
last hours of Congress It was provided
that the admiral of the navy should re
ceive the pay and emoluments of the
last general of the army. This expla
nation was supplemental to the passage
of the bill reviving the grade of ad
miral for the benefit of Admiral Dewey.
Its effect is to give Admiral Dewey
compensation at the rate of $14,500 a
year. Of this amount $13,000 is the
regulation pay of an admiral of the
navy. The extra $1500 is the allowance
made to the general of the army of
$125 a month for quarters.
Dewey holds the highest rank in the
military service of the United States,
army or navy, and ranks with the
highest officers in the principal foreign
navies.
PRINTER'S "DEVIL"
HEIR TO MILLIONS
Boston Lad Inherits the Wealth of
Frank A. Mouritzen of
California.
NEW YORK, March 4.— A special to the
World from Boston says: William War
ren Morrison, 17 years old. works in a
printing office in the Federal court. The
boy has received indirect information
from California that he is hen- to $20.
--000,000. He knew about this yesterday. He
was at his work to-day, clothed in his
right mind.
He trotted around with proofs, answered
the telephone, ran errands and performed
the various duties of a printer's "devil"
just the same as usual.
The story is that young Morrison's
greatunole. Frank A. Mouritxen, one of
the wealthiest residents of <'alifom'a and
the owner of vast estates in Denmark,
has died and left the bulk of his property
to his youngest grandnephew, a son of tha
iate John Peter Morrison.
NAVAL CADETS NAMED.
Seven Young Men Who Will Enter
the Naval Academy.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— The Presi
dent this afternoon appointed the five ca
dets at the naval academy who were pro
vided for by special enactment. In each
case he named an alternate to step into
the place in case of the failure of the
principal. The names are as follows:
P. V. Gridley, son of the late Captain
Gridley of the Olympia, with D. N. Le
breton, grandson of Commodore McDow
ell, as alternate.
L. C. Bagley, brother of the late En
sign Bagley, the first American naval
officer killed in the war. with H. C. Beck
with. son of Engineer Beckwith, as alter
nate.
Gustave Busbee, grandson of the late
Admiral Worden, with R. G. Gatewood,
son of the late Constructor Gatewood.
who lost his life In the service, as alter
nate.
Alexander Thacker. grandson of the lata
General Sherman, with F. V. McNair, son
of Admiral McNair, as alternate.
Nixon W. Elmer, son of the late Captain
KlmiT, who died in the line of duty af
X. \v York at the outbreak of tbe war.
with Percy C. Warton as alternate.
The last named was appointed on tht
recommendation of ex-Secretary Bliss.
Having been given the privilege of ap
pointing also a cadet from the District of
Columbia, the President named R. R.
Wallace, son of Commodore Wallace, with
Rufus Saxton Thompson, grandson of the
late General Saxton. as alternate.
In accordant with the expressed inten
tion of Congress, the President also ap
pointed Osman Deignan, one of the Merri
mac crew, as a cadet.
Snow Derails a Train.
TACOMA, March 4.— A freight train was
blocked by snow and two cars and an en
gine derailed while approaching the
Stampede tunnel of the Northern Pacific
Railroad from the west last night. No
damage was done and a crew from Ta
coma cleared the track. The eastbound
overland leaving Tacoma on Friday even
ing was delayed at Weston twenty-four
hours, and the westbound overland, due
in Tacoma this morning, tlicl not arrive
until 10 o'clock to-night. The snow is ten
feet deep at the summit.
Canadians ''Jumping" Claims.
SEATTLE, March 4.— Advices received
from Alaska to-day say there is no foun
dation for the recent reports that Cana
dian customs officials have trespassed on
American territory at Haines Mission. An
unconfirmed report has reached Skagruay
that Canadians have "jumped" all the
claims on Pine Creek, in the Atlin dis
trict, with the expectation of wearing out
the American owners by long litigation.
34
SILVELA HEADS
NEW MINISTRY
Statesmer) Who Have Been
Chosen to Guide the Destinies
of Spain.
SENOR FRANCISCO SILVELA,
MADRID. March 4.— The new Cabinet took the oath of office to-day. The
Ministry is composed as follows:
Senor Silvela, Premier and Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Senor Dato, Minister of the Interior.
Marquis Villaverde, Minister of Finance.
Senor Duran, Minister of Justice.
General Polievaja. Minister of War.
Marquis Pidal, Minister of Public Affairs and of the Colonies.
Admiral Camara, Minister of Marine.
It is expected that General Martinez de Campos will be President of the
Senate.
The brother of Marquis Pidal, it is thought, will be chosen as President
of the Chamber of Deputies.
There was some '•xcitoment in the cafes last night when the formation
of the Silvela Cabinet was announced. The "Marseillaise" was sung and
there were cheers for liberty.
There was an immediate surrounding of Senor Silvela, who says his sole
idea is to regenerate the country. He holds that the Queen Regent can rat
ify the treaty of peace with the United States without the vote of the
Chambers and that, therefore, their dissolution need not defer the Ratifica
tion.
5O CENTS F*ER_ HUDYAN fACKACE.
I AMMIA I
HUDYAN CURES! JSf
Is a disease met with among young women principally. It is very common and
is fi forerunner of consumption. It is a disease of the blood. There is only a :
small quantity of blood in the system and it is of a poor quality. The symptoms
of the disease are quite numerous. They are readily discerned. If the progress, of
the disease is not checked death from consumption or some other disease is in-
evitable. HUDYAN will check Its progress. HUDYAN will enrich the blood and
make the patient strong. HUDYAN is
-*- -*>. for women as well as men. HUDYAN is
r jl \ a vegetable remedy and it is harmless in
r BW N !t? r ff pct - It contains no Iron to cause the
/ J%J^_ 1 " teeth to decay. If you are suffering you
I J' \ I should take HUDYAN now, and then note
I / _ \ the change in your condition. Study, your
fl*' r 7^ ' Jfev'jrS symptoms carefully. Take HUDYAN
I "'&' rV I now and tney wl " disappear.
V\^^r^ YOUR SYMPTOMS ARE:
Y^ty.^Si/by 1. CONSTANT HEADACHE. The feel-
"" I ing is as though the head were going to
1 I burst from too much pressure. HUDYAN
) "— "^ V^ by its action on the blood will equalize
\^ the circulation of the blood; the headache
X will disappear.
2-2. SUNKEN EYEBALI^S AND DARK
y^ X RINGS BENEATH THE EYES. HDD-
/^ VAN will cause the rings •to disappear
and make your eyes bright.
3-3. PALE CHEEKS from the poorqual-
©.^ ity of the blood, it being almost devoid
7 > <" red coloring matter. HUDYAN. will
% I enrich the blood and cause the cheeks to
y\ I become bright and rosy. -'.■*
1 J 4. WEAKNESS IN THE HEART. This
1 I ' is the most pronounced symptom. The j
\ jfa^ I heart becomes weak and there is a con- !
\ E£% / stant sinking feeling around it. HUD- I
1 I VAN will make the heait strong and
. . \ I cause it to beat regularly and the slnk-
-1 I ing fueling will disappear.
\ I o. FEELING OF WEIGHT IN THE
j ! STOMACH AND INDIGESTION. This
j I is due to the fact that the food in the
I \ stomach is not acted upon by health
/ \ blood, therefore It is not properly di-
/ . \ gested. This leads to habitual constipa-
/ \ tion. HUDYAN will cause the food to be
- / \ properly digested, improve the appetite
I . , I and relieve the constipation.
I \ HUDYAN will relieve all the above
.1 1 symptoms and make you well. HUDYAN
/C*./..j- is for you. It is for men and women.
You should begin tlw use of HUDYAN now« Have your health restored: HUD-
YAN will restore tire color to your cheeks and relieve the pains in your back. -The
functions of nature will be properly performed and you will be cured. Do not delay
any longer. Don't allow your system to become weaker. After you are cured tell
other women what HUDYAN has done for you. There are many other sufferers
and they also wish to be cured. HUDYAN can be procured of druggists for 50
rent* Der package, or six packages lor $2 80. If your druggist does not keep it, send
fiTro-t to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.. corner Ellis and Market streets. San
T^Wncisco Cal. Call upon the HUDYAN doctors. Consultation is free. You may
call upon the doctors, or write, as you u>sire. .Address T\
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
Corner Ellis and Market Streets,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAJU
r— '.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
WAR CONGRESS DIES
WITH CHEERS FOR
ADMIRAL DEWEY
Thrilling Close of the
House's Session.
ALL BILLS ARE DISPOSED OF
JOE WHEELER TRIES IN VAIN
TO MAKE A SPEECH.
Then Follow the Resolution of
Thanks to Speaker Reed and
Patriotic Songs, in Which
All Join.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, March 4.— Wearily
the House sat through the silent
watches of the night, taking recess
from time to time while awaiting con
ference reports upon the appropriation
bills. The floor of the House was lit
tered with waste papers, which drifted
ankle deep about the desks and made
the hall look as if it had been swept
by a snowstorm. Still the weary and
! heavy-eyed legislators kept to their
posts through the night. The leaders,
upon whom the strain and burden of
the closing hours fell most heavily, and
the Speaker, who had the greatest re
sponsibility of all, remained constantly
in their places watching vigilantly the
progress of the contests between the
two houses.
The final agreement on the river and
harbor bill, containing the compromise
on the Nicaragua canal, was secured
about 3:30 a. m., the sundry civil bill,
in which the House forced the Senate
to surrender the provision for the Pa
cific cable, about 6 o'clock; the District
| of Columbia bill, the provision for
I .sectarian institutions eliminated, about
i 7 o'clock; the deficiency bill at 8:30. and
the final conference report upon the
naval bill at about 9:30 a. m.
A'out 7 o'clock Henderson aroused the
House- by an electric speech. It was one
of the most eloquent of this Congress.
! The surroundings added lmpressiveness
to his utterances. The disheveled mem
bers and the wreckage of the night were
about him. It was on the question of
sectarian Institutions in the District of
Columbia, provision for which had been
stricken >ut of the district appropriation
bill. Wit!; foice anl pathos he denounced
the bigotry of the conferees, who. ho said,
were willing, at the bt he^t of a secret or
ganization "to turn the homeless and
friendless into the streets. Tne scene was
dramatic in the extreme when Henderson
recalled the dark days of the war, when
i the white.-capped sisters of mercy were
j administering on the battlefield to the sick
: and dying soldiers.
With the advent of the day the House
again took on the appearance of life.
Members went below for baths and break
fast and returned refreshed to their st<.
tions. As early as 7:30 the people began
to pour into the galleries. The important
business of the House had been virtually
completed when the House took a recess
for an hour at 9:30. All that remained was
the enrollment of bills and the final cere
monies.
At 10:30, when the House reconvened, the
galleries were again packed to the doors,
and the hall buzzed with the confused
murmur of Voices.
At 11:15 o'clock the assistant door
keeper, with a long pole, set hack the
hands ten minutes. This raised a loud
laugh. Immediately afterward came a
most dramatic episode.
General Wheeler of Alabama, who has
carefully refrained from exercising his
privilege as a member of the House,
pending the determination of the ques
tion as to his right to his seat in the
House, arose from his old seat down near
the front on the Democratic side an..
loudly asked for recognition. ■
"Mr. Speaker!" he called.
The Speaker's face wm flushed slightly,
but he looked straight ahead as if he did
not hear.
"I ask unanimous consent to speak for
five minutes," shouted the general. But
the Speaker disregarded him. Every eye
was now riveted upon the diminutive fig
ure of the grizzled old veteran of two
wars. The situation was intensely dra
matic, but Payne, the floor leader of the
majority, htirried to the rescue. He
moved a recess for ten minutes.
"Pending that I ask unanimous consent,
to speak for three minutes," demanded
General Wheeler.
The Speaker then Uiraed toward him
for the first time, aid, looking straight
into the gray eyes of the general, ig
nored his request completely, putting
the motion of Payne and declaring it car
ried.
As the hands of the clock pointed to
seven minutes to 12, although it was really
three minutes past that hour, the com
mittee appointed to wait upon the Presi
dent marched down the aisle.
The Speaker had retired to his room and
Payne, the Speaker pro tern., was in thr
chair. Dalzeli. in the center, announced
that the committee had fulfilled its duty
and that the President had made reply
| that he had no further communication to
make.
"The President requested us to state,"
he continued, "that the Fifty-fifth Con
! press had performed its extraordinary dv
! ties manfully, and he requested me to ex
j tend to each and every member his West
| wishes for his safe return to his home."
Great applause greeted this announce
j ment. But five minutes remained. In it
I was enacted one of the most dramatic
Rcenee ever witnessed in the Hall of Rep
resentatives. Payne summoned Dockery
of Missouri to the chair, and he in turn
recognized Bailey, the minority leader in
this Congress, to present the resolutions
thanking the Speaker for the Impartial
manner in which he had presided over the
deliberations of the House. A great hush
fell upon the vast concourse in the gal
leries as Bailey began to speak.
In his speech Bailey said: "It is an ad
mirable trait of the American character
and it is one which will tend to the per
manence of our institutions, that no mat
ter how we may contend with each other
over our differences of opinion each is
always ready to accord to the other what
ever praise "may be deserved. This com
mendable spirit has led some ahallo'w
men to criticize us because they could not
comprehend how we could so strenuously
combat the principles of our adversaries
and still respect those adversaries them
selves. These men do not know that a
large majority of the men in every party
of this cofmtry sincerely believe that a
large majority of the men in every other
party are earnestly anxious to promote
our country's welfare. (Applause.) And
I it Is out of this broader spirit that a cus
tom has grown which is as old as the
House itself, that in the closing hours of
every session there shall be offered a reso
j lution like that which I now send to the
clerk's desk.
The resolution was read as follows:
"Resolved, That the thanks of the
I House are tendered to the Hon. Thomas
1 B. Reed for the able, impartial and digni
fied manner In which he naß presided over
its deliberations and performed the ardu
ous and important duties of the chair
man."
| The reading of the resolution was greet
] ed with tumultuous applause.
"Mr. Speaker." continued Bailey, "we
i have- not always agreed with the dlstin
! guiahed occupant of the chair, and we
' have taken more than one occasion to
emphasize our dissent, but. remembering
I the momentous questions which have con
j fronted us in this Congress, and remem
bering, too, the Intense excitement which
! they aroused throughout the country as
wefl as in this hall, the wonder is that
I those occasions were so few. and in this
I hour of impartial retrospect I do not hesi
tate to say that he has been as fair to us
and nur side as any one of us. were our
positions reversed, would have been to
him and to his side." ("Loud applause.)
The chair called for a rising vote. Every
member was on his feet, and the resolu
tion was unanimously agreed to, amid
prolonged applause.
Speaker Reed was escorted back to the
chair. Slowly and with great deliberation
he returned his thanks for the compli
ment the House had conferred upon him.
Half a dozen times during the progress
of his remarks the Speaker was obliged
to pause owing to the spontaneous ap
plause which arose from all sides, and
when he concluded with the announce
ment that the House stood adjourned sine
die the applause and cheers were deafen
ing. The galleries joined the outburst.
Suddenly some members down near the
rostrum began singing, and above the din
arose the strains of "My Country, Tls ot
Thee."
It was a scene to live a lifetime to wit
ness and a fitting and patriotic climax
for the great war Congress. Down in
front the gallant General Henderson, with
his cane aloft, was beating time for the
air, while all around on the floor and in
the galleries the inspiring words poured
out in immense volume. The emotional
side of the vast concourse was touched,
and there were tears in many eyes. When
the anthem was concluded General Hen
derson started "Auld Lang Syne," and it
also was sung with a will.
Suddenly John Murray Mitchell waved
aloft a small American flag and members
and galleries went wild, joining in singing
"The Red, White and Blue."
While the singing was in progress Hull
of Hull bill fame jumped on a desk with
a large red, white and blue streamer,
waving it to the rhythm of the air and
redoubling the tumult. A voice from the
gallery shouted, "Three cheers for
Dewey!" and they were given with vio
lence and explosive vigor. Then there
were three cheers for the army and navy
and finally for "Joe" Wheeler. This won
derful demonstration concluded with the
singing of the "Doxology."
MANY NOMINATIONS
ARE NOT CONFIRMED
Among Them the Hawaiian Commis
sioners and Officers of the
Army and Navy.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— The Senate
spent an hour in executive session to-day
and disposed of a largo number of nom
inations. Senator Pritchard made an at
tempt to get a vote on the nomination of
Hamilton G. Ewart to be District Judge
for the Eastern District of North Caro
lina, but Senator Butler talked out the
time until the doors were again opened.
Confirmations: Harry L. Rees of Ore
gon, paymaster in the army with the rank
of major.
Postmasters: Oregon— C. D. Harmon,
Grants Pass; R. R. Riddell, The Dalles.
California— Asa Crocker, Suisun.
Edwin Jones of Ottumwa, lowa, to be
a commissioner to examine and classify
land within the land grant limits of the
| Northern Pacific Railroad Company in
I the Helena (Mont.) district.
Among the most important nominations
that failed of confirmation are the fol
| lowing:
I Senators Morgan and Cullom, Repre
sentative Hltt, Sanford B. Dole and Wal
ter F. Frear? to be Hawaiian Commis
sioners; Martin J. Carter of Pennsylvania,
|to be Consul at St. John, N. F. ; the naval
j advancement for conscientious conduct in
I battle sent in with the Schley and Samp
i son nominations; H. G. Ewart of North
I Carolina, to be United States District
I Judge, Eastern District of North Caro
• Una.
Jndian agents— G. W. Hayslctte of I.a
porte City, lowa. Navajo agency, in New
Mexico; D. G. Keyes of Wichita Falls,
Texas, Fort Apache agency. Ariz.; C. S.
McXichols of Momence, 111., Colorado
! River agency. Ariz.; F. B. Spriggs of
TJtica, N. V., Nevada agency. Nev.; A. A.
Armstrong of Arizona, Fort Apache
agency.
Samuel J. Barrows of Massachusetts, to
I be Librarian of Congress; M. A. Paugh
erty, to be Receiver of Public Money at
Sydney, Nebr. ; George W. Garrett of Ar
kansas, to be Commissioner to examine
find classify land within the land grant
i limits of the Northern Pacific Railroad
: Company, Missoula land district in Mon-
Postmasters: Utah— C. M. Meigham,
I Ogden.
All of the army brevet nominations sent
! to the Senate were not confirmed. These
! include men nominated for gallant action
j in the Spanish war.
IMPORTANT BILLS
ARE FINALLY PASSED
Legislation Accomplished by Con
gress During the Closing Hours
of the Session.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— Several Im-
, portant bills of general legislation pending
when the review of the legislation of the
| past Congress was made by the Asso
ciated Press a week ago have become
laws since the summary was published
The most important of these are the army
reorganization bill, the navy personnel
hill, the bill providing a code of laws for
I Alaska, the omnibus claims bill and nu
! merous important public building bills.
The project for the construction of a
canal across the isthmus of Nicaragua
made progress to the extent that a pro
vision was attached to the river and har
! bor appropriation, providing for a very
I complete inquiry into the matter. The
: addition of a. provision to the army ap
propriation bill forbidding the grant of
j property franchises in Cuba was also an
: important legislative act.
Among the important projects which
i failed to receive favorable attention in the
j closing days were those providing a Pa
cific cable, for a Government armor plant,
; for an antl-scalplng law, for an eight-hour
law and for a Government -for Hawaii.
The navy personnel bill completely re
organizes the navy, and is the consumma
tion of years of earnest effort by the Navy
Department. The original army bill was
intended to meet the same want for the
army supplied to the navy by the per
; sonnel bill, but it failed, and the present
j bill Is considered defective in that it is
i only a temporary measure. It. however,
Increases the army to 100.000 men and pro
vides for the retention of this number
until lflOL The omnibus claims bill pro
vides for the settlement of several hun
dred claims, some of which are almost a
I hundred years old. The Alaskan code
also meets a long-felt want in supplying
! a system of laws to this Northwest Ter
ritory- m
LEO'S CONDITION
CONTINUES TO IMPROVE
The Pope Has a Good Appetite and
Danger Is Regarded as
Past.
ROME, March 4.— The Pope sat in an
armchair from noon until 3 o'clock.
He continues to improve, and has a
good appetite, and danger is regarded
as past.
The Pope's condition at 9 o'clock this
evening is satisfactory. To-day he
told Mgr. Angeli that he had read a
collection of newspaper articles on his
illness and was pleased to find that all
spoke respectfully of him.
CELERY CROP CORNERED.
| California Combine Controls the En
tire American Product.
SANTA ANA, March 4.— lt developed
here to-day that D. E. Smeltzer, the. cel
ery king in the peatlands near here, to
gether with the Earl Fruit Company and
others associated with them, has "cor
nered" practically all the celery in the
"United States. This combine has quietly
bought all the available celery in Mich
igan, Nebraska and at Rochester, N. V.,
and already has control of the California
product. The last shipment of California
celery, twenty-five cars, left here to-day
for the East. The Michigan crop is al-
I ready in and only small shipments remain
I in Nebraska and Rochester.
Sacramento's Protest.
SACRAMENTO, March 4.— The Cham
ber of Commerce to-night took strong ac
tion against that portion of the county
government bill which provides extra dep
uties for several of the county officers.
A stiff protest was addressed to the local
members of the Legislature.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
[ or without removal. J. Nooaau. 1017-1083 Mission.
FORMAL CLOSE
OF THE SENATE
Disposes of Deficiency
and Naval Bill.
CONCESSIONS TO THE HOUSE
POINTS YIELDED IN ORDER TO
SECURE LEGISLATION.
Most Important Measure Left in the
Air Is That Relating to Immi
gration Laws for
Hawaii.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
■ WASHINGTON, March 4. — Vice
President Hobart declared the Senate
of the Fifty-fifth Congress adjourned |
without day eight minutes after 12 j
o'clock to-day. It was after a contin
uous session, beginning at 11 o'clock on
Friday, with the exception of one hour
recess during the forenoon.
The day of final adjournment broke
with the Senate in executive session,
disposing of a large number of nomi- j
nations. When the doors were opened
there was seen but a handful of tired j
and haggard looking Senators who were
waiting for the final reports from the j
conferees on the two bills yet in dis- j
pute. Finally Hale appeared with both, j
The deficiency bill was quickly passed, j
and then came the final and closing j
light on the naval bill and the price j
of armor plate and for an armor plate i
factory. This was finally over and the j
weary Senators took a short rest.
Upon reassembling the Senate took
on a new appearance. The chamber
had been cleaned up and the Senators
came back to the closing n.eeting with j
a more spruce appearance. Some few i
attempts at legislation were made, but
all were unsuccessful. Then the gal- j
leries tilled with gaily dressed visitors, j
who were there to see the final cere
monies. They were not long permitted
to enjoy themselves as an executive
session drove them into the corridors,
where they patiently waited for the j
doors to be opened. When this was done
only five minutes remained of the Con
gress, but the hands of the clock were
turned back ten minutes to give time
for the usual complimentary resolutions
and the address of the Vice President.
President McKinley and his entire
Cabinet had come to the Capitol and
were in the President's room back of
the Senate chamber, where the various
bills were hurried for signature. Finally
the last big appropriation bill had re
ceived the President's approval and
everything was ready for the close. The
resolution thanking Vice President Ho
bart and President pro tern. Frye was
adopted and the Vice President re
sponded in an appropriate address and
the Senate, which had been in a tur
moil for several days, quietly came to
an end.
At 8 o'clock the Senate resumed busi
ness in legislative session. Soon after
ward Hale of Maine presented the confer
ence report on the general deficiency
bill, and it was agreed to without division.
At 8:30 a. m. Hale presented the con
ference report on the naval bill, and it
was submitted to the Senate. Hale said
that perhaps there was never an appro
| priation bill concerning which the action j
of the conferees was 'beset with more j
difficulties than this bill. He announced i
that the House had refused absolutely to
authorize the construction of a Govern- '
ment, armor plate factory. Hale explained !
that the report of the conference commit
tee fixed the price of armor for the ships
authorized by this bill at |300 a ton, no
contract for the hulls to oe made until
contracts had been made for the armor.
The number of battle-ships, armored and
protected cruisers, remain as fixed in the
House bill. The Secretary of the Navy
is authorized to contract for armor for the :
ships provided for in the naval appropria- '
tion bill of IS9B at $400 a ton. — ,
Butler asked: "Will we conclude any
contracts for new war vessels under the I
pending bill if it becomes a law?"
Hale replied: "No, I think not. I be
lieve we shall do no more than get out
the plans and specifications for the au
thorized ships and decide about turrets
and the like. Of course, the Senate con
ferees had to yield something."
"But we seem to have yielded every
thing and the House nothing," said Till
man.
"The Senate conferees cannot settle
this controversy alone," said Hale.
"But the Senate can," responded Till
man. "We can place on the. House the
responsibility of an extra session. I was
never strongly tempted to say, 'This bill |
shall not pass and become a law, 1 but
have assurances from gentlemen on this •
side of the chamber"— waving his hand j
toward the Republican side— "that they ;
will help us out at the next session, and
I am willing to accept those assurances."
The conference report was finally agreed
to without division. This was the last of j
the conference agreements on the appro- j
priation bills to be acted on by the Senate,
and its acceptance caused a general sigh
of relief.
A recess until 10:30 o'clock was then or
dered.
At 10 o'clock President McKinley and his
entire Cabinet came to the President's
room in the Senate wing of the Capitol,
where the many bills which had been
passed were presented to the President"
for signature. He had little time to give I
consideration to the different measures.
The President signed all the appropria
tion bills, with the exception of the Dis
trict of Columbia. He signed the omnibus
claims bill. < HBSESK
When the Senate reconvened at 10:30
o'clock the Senate chamber had been
"spruced up," and appeared quite tidy.
The galleries were crowded. .
On motion of Mason, the printing of the I
testimony taken In the investigation of j
the Bureau of Engraving and Printing j
was ordered.
Fairbanks moved the consideration of
the bill extending the immigration laws
to the Hawaiian Islands. Pettus objected
on behalf of his colleague, Morgan. The
bill, however, was taken up,- and Petti
grew spoke upon it. He asserted that
since the annexation of the islands 10,000
Asiatic slave laborers had been imported. j
Perkins also urged action at the present I
session, declaring that the contract labor
ers in Hawaii were secured at one-third
the cost of labor to the sugar makers of
California or Louisiana. Without action
a motion by Morgan to go into executive
session was carried ayes 32, noes 22 — and
the crowded galleries were soon vacated
to permit the last executive work of the
Congress. .
At 11:45 o'clock the doors of the Senate
were opened and the Senate began the I
final legislative session of the present
Congress. • -
Hoar reported that the committee had
waited on the President of the United !
States and had been instructed by him
that he had disposed of the public busi- i
ness which had been laid before him by
the two houses, and that he had no fur- :
ther communications to make; that the :
two houses had reached the end of a very
laborious and important session and that
he wished their members a safe return to '
their homes.
Vice President Hobart then addressed i
the Senate, at the close of which he de
clared the. Senate adjourned without day i
There was general handshaking amorii? >
the Senators, and numerous expressions
cf regret were heard that many whose
terms expired to-day were not to be here
when the Senate met again.' Preparations
were everywhere observed for departure
many Senators intending to leave for their
homes at once.
A -pyir-R.TTSggNT&_
TO-MORRO W.
GREAT
SPECIALS.
/Vo I Afo. 3. , f
m-^o/ g silks i«s?§
SSS^.S!S?...S?rSi U > yocial- »1. tor t-J» a « r ' a^l/
. fl.t ...••• ...«•• • •
/Vo. 2* IWo. 4 m
Black Novelty Creponnes In Bf ac snks^full I3 h /r S "
BlaCk rich Mohair figures, new "'"h" f XC enent qual- f% t~
THIS
WEEK'S OFFERINGS.
Ne« Wash *£S£lS&SS£\»*J*. S^J
Printed Piques in stripes, /^r r j r^o^i^-'f.^ $650
new shades of heliotrope, / O /V * V**
blue, pink, black and white. §yj \j
Price a yard : U n eiam, Ladie3 f Maco Cotton
w*w» PMniio hpavilv >/% nublery Hoee, plain and fancy
White Fique, neavny g~% g-m * HhhcH in fast hiark
corded, regular value 30c *J I§ f\ Department Ud ta? /? £■ '
a yard; tor this week £C/ O h j g C .pllced heels Sa toes. Q /T/i"
* Special value at j£ %j
CA/, O^ «n// All of our Sheets j a pair
MeetS ana andPlllow Cases^are chi]drens imported fast black cotton
Pi OW Cases. ce t?ng! torn by I ribbed Hose, high spliced heels and
hand, Ar^r laund^d; lith a 2 inch toes : extra quality; size j^r-
n and 'rfilv for u!e 5% to 8^; regular value 30c; #/)/*
hem, ready for use. fQ - r tnl^ wee only / %J C
Sheets. Hemmed. Hemstitched. a pair
63x90 .T, %C 47% c —
72x^ 2-v« '^-^« fmAiwii//o/ii/ Latest and prettiest pat-
81x90 'IX'r c n/,^ C CmOrO/aery terns ln Embroidery
90x90 53% C o-VsC « i Edgings, in great vari-
_.,, _ . QUW. ety of designs; will be
Pillow Cases. . sold in their original lengths .f #-»
45x35i2 J-V2C I«%C- of 4^-yard strips only at I *"% f\
50x3SV 2 IB%C *<Jc 60c, 50c, 35c, 25c, 20c. .a strip g%J \j
54x38>J ICI2-3C 388% C I ' VV
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
WHIT WHEELER
WISHED TO SAY
Speech Which Speaker
Reed Prevented.
"FIGHTING JOE'S" TWO JOBS
GENERAL WANTED TO EXPLAIN
HIS POSITION.
Believed the Constitution Accorded
Him the Right to Sit in Con
gress and Be an Army
Officer Also.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— With ref
| erence to his attempt to-day to secure
! recognition for the purpose of address
| ing the House, General Wheeler said
to-night:
"Seeing there was nothing to be done
in the House, I asked unanimous con
sent to speak for five minutes. I was
not recognized, but Mr. Payne was no
tified to move for a recess for five min
utes. I then asked that before that
motion was put I be permitted to ad
dress the House for three minutes. If
the Speaker had submitted my request
I am confident no member of the House
would have objected. What I intended
to say was as follows:
" 'No one reveres the constitution
more than myself and I could not be
induced to advocate a construction con
trary to the intent of its framers.
" 'When I received the appointment
as major general of volunteers last
May I was requested by persons whose
desires I could not disregard not to
resign my seat in Congress. I found
that during the present Congress
thirty-three of its members had been
appointed to offices and that none of
them had resigned their seats in Con
gress. I examined, the decisions and
precedents on the subject and found
that during the 110 years of the exist
ence of our Government hundreds and
possibly thousands of members of Con
gress had accepted offices during their
terms and that none of them holdine
temporary offices like mine had ever
been unseated. I found that the decis
ions of courts, even including four de
cisions quoted by General Henderson In
his report, took the ground that inhibi
tlons found in constitutions with regard
to officers referred to offices of a perma
nent character and not of a temporary
character. I also found that the At
torney General of the United States
had rendered an elaborate opinion on
the subject, in which he took precisely
the same pound and held that an office
in the volunteeni was not such an of
, flce^ as was inhibited by the constitul
j ""I was anxious for the matter to be
brought up in the House and fully dis
i cussed, an that I would be n ha rmony
wlt h the spirit of the constltut on ' "
LB I.RETON DIVORCED.
Wife of Lillian Langtry's Brother
Proved Unfaithful.
LONDON, March 4.-p m 1^ p ro(
sSßsgaTss
court to-day, owing' to his wife's miscon
duct with Lord Grantley, who was mulct
ed In costs. The two were married in 1877.
Lord Grantley had been an intimate
friend of the family for years past. Lord
Grantlev's wife was Mips Katherine Mc-
Vickar, daughter of William H. McVickar
of Chicago. She died in 1897. The es
tate of Lord Grantley in Yorkshire cov
ers about 4500 acres.
Mr. Le Breton and Grantley were almost
like two brothers, visiting each other and
going about constantly together. Mr. Le
Breton testified that 'he did not suspect
anything until last autumn, when ha
found the couple had been at various
London hotels as Mr. and Mrs. Gray.
The suit was not defended.
Cutting Transatlantic Fares.
NEW YORK, March 4.— The Allan Line
of steamers nas met the cut of the other
trans-Atlantic lines by cutting its rate
to $45 for first cabin and $30 for second
cabin. At the office of the French line
the announcement was made that tha
first cabin rate was reduced from $65 to
$55 and the summer schedule from $90 to
$65 for first cabin.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Special
Prices on
Opera
Gloves.
52.50 12-button length *| |g
gloves for $1.13
$3.00 16-button length *| -71?
gloves for $1.^3
$3.50 20-button length (| iF
gloves for <4.4«J
$4.00 and $5.00 24 and 30 *i <■»(-
button g10ve5........ $I.iD
These 1 greatly reduced prices
are on gloves of fine quality
Suede, in all colors.
800 MARKET ST.,
Corner Grant Avenue.
|_ Mall Orders Filled.
'•''■'/,. STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
$4 00 Per
cpl^ Gallon
Money Back If You Don't Like It. .
Colors and Booklet, "Cost of Painting," * re€ '
MANUFACTURERS:
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
302 Market St., S. F.
710 to 716 Broadway, Oaklard^
Use t f*% 3t)
Woodbury's >>*>% Woodbury's
Facial Soap. 3^7 Facial Cream ,
Wrinkles, red nose ana veins, ni ol "; c %r .^'.
scars, tattoo, powder and b irltl!na ' T o H v H.
lessly and permanently removed by J y "' d li 3
•WOODBURY, 26 W 23d St., New Yor-. ™« , y
Sta;e t., Chicago. Send 10 cents for -ae
Book, and receive samrla eaon, o u "»
Cream, free.ARMY BEEF THAT
HAD A DECIDEDLY
"DEATHLY SMELL"
Bad Quality of Both the Refri£=
crated and Canned Stuff
Served to Troops.
WASHINGTON. March 4.— The War
Department Court of Inquiry wound up !
its week's work with a half day's
session to-day, having exhausted its
list of witnesses now on hand. There
may be some witnesses at the Monday
n. but the court will start for
Chicago early next week, probably on
Tuesday or Wednesday.
Just before the close of the session
to-day a volunteer witness presented
himself, but was not accepted. He wore
an army uniform and said his name
was Frank Rundas, late of the Third
Nebraska (Colonel W. J. Bryan's) Regi
ment, and that he had recently been
honorably discharged from the service
and was on his way home. His story
was in brief that he had served in the
company kitchen with his command in
Jacksonville, and that during a long
period when the men were living on
refrigerated beef there was so much
internal trouble among the men that
the issue of this was stopped.
At another time he got hold of some
refrigerator meat in the kitchen that
was of such a peculiar color that the
attention of the company officers was
called to it. The surgeon In charge ex
amined it, bo Rundas says, and re
marked that the meat was "all right,
but had been prepared ;■ Porto
Rico, and since it had been issued the
men had as well use it." The meat was
cooked, but all the men who ate it were
made sick. The inference drawn was
that this was some of the same Porto
that Dr. Daly had analyzed
and alleged to "be chemically treated.
Rundas said he was on his way homy,
but had stopped off in Washington to
offer this information to the court of
inquiry if it thought it worth hear
ing. He presented himself to Colonel
s, the recorder of the court, but
was told that he would not be wanted
as a wit r.
On being asked soon afterward
whether Rundas was to be called, or
why he had been rejected, Colonel
Davis said: "I know nothing about the
man. He has on a uniform, but that
Js no proof that he is a soldier or ever
has been. There are all sorts of cranks
and impostors who come up here and
want to t-stify. As to this man. if he
can identify himself and the court di
rects me to call him, I will do so."
The counsel for General Miles will In
' quire into the antecedents of this man,
and if he appears to be what he rep
ts he will be called,
mcl Gallagher, who was recalled
in answer to a question from Major
L«=e as to whether he had issued canned
to the Cuban refugees because our
soldiers would not eat it, replied: "We
issued the canned beef to the Cubans
because they preferred io eat it and
the bacon to our men because they pre
ferred that. We were trying our best
to civ.- every one what they most pre
■
"Umph," commented Major
Louis J>. Hunter of the Sixth Massa
chusetts and regimental commissary
while in Porto Rico, said his experience |
with both rh<- canned and refrig<
n the whole had been quite satis
... s me of the canned beef was
mned, but the percentage was
small. There had hpon considerable
at times, but on one
occasion the quantity had been cut
down on the advice of the Burgeon. The
men liked the native beef, whicTi was
v.-ll flavored, but very tough.
Lieutenant Hunter said the men ate
a larg*» amount of native fruit, and
bananas, raw or cooked, became almost
a staple article of food. Probably 2
per cent of the sickness was due to
fruit.
Cross-examined, witness said the m^n
dsd not use over 5 per cent of the
eef after reaching Porto Rico.
They traded the rest to the native
keepers. On the march he had
many m«n throw away the beef
tifter making one meal out of th^ can.
of else give it to the natives. Witness
had been made sick, as he supposed,
: ting canned beef. His general
health was good.
Major George Ruthers of the com
missary department, who hai supplied
th»- Seventh Army Corps with refriger
while at Jacksonville, said
hr- had never received a complaint.
The meat had been rigidly inspected
and showed no evidence of cuts or
puneturr-s or anything else that might
give rise to the suspicion that it had
been chemically treated. At Jackson
ville he had issued a general circular
to the Seventh Army Corps calling at
tention to the fact that beef or vege
tables furnished and not coming ud to
GERMANY VERY
CONCILIATORY
Now Encourages Ameri
: ; can Commerce.
INSURANCE CASE REOPENED
.MEAT INSPECTION BILL HAS
FAVORABLE FEATURES. '
" Concessions Regarding Fruits From
the United States Show That
i the San Jose Scale Scare
Was Exaggerated.
Copyrighted. 1599, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN. March 4.— United States
EmbaHsadnr White says that "for some
time past there has been a tendency- on j
the part of the German Government to
be very conciliatory toward American
".commerce. In the first place, regard
ing American insurance companies,
which formerly were forbidden to do
business in Prussia, the Government
has conceded that the case, which was
Bupposed to be closed, may be reopened,
•and also, as the insurance companies
• have been urging, it has sent repre
sentatives of Prussia to New York to
investigate the methods of American
companies. Whether these concerns
will be permitted to resume business
will depend on the nature of this re
port." '• -■-I '-'-/Lif- \
Regarding ' American meats. Mr.
White added: "The meat inspection
bill has a number of features favorable
■ specifications were to be returned to
1 the commissary offices issuing them.
even if the defect was not discovered
until the food reached the company
I camp.
Major I.cc took up the cross-examin
ation and developed the fact that there
had Been at times complaints as to tho
beef, and that in one case SOO pounds I
of beef had been condemned. Witness
said he had throe official complaints
! of the beef at Jacksonville.
"I understood you to say," said Ma
| jor Lee, "that you had never had a
Single complaint as to the refrigerator
•beef. If I am wrong I would like to
bo corrected.
"You are, sir," replied the witness.
"What I said was that I had handled
1,020,000 pounds of refrigerator beef at
Savannah without any complaint. The
complaints were made at Jackson
ville."
Lieutenant Colonel Curtis Guild of
Boston, who was attached to General
Fitzhugh Lee's staff as inspector gen
eral of the Seventh Army Corps, said
in opening that he had already been
before the War Investigating Commis
sion, and had two very careful reports
on the subject, one by order of In
spector General Breckinridge, both of
which w^re on file in the War Depart
ment. He submitted to the court that
these reports, being accurately com-
I ih il from official data, would be bet
ter evidence than he could give off
hand.
"We will, of course, call for your
official report to the War Department,"
said Colonel Davis. "But," he added,
very positively, "your testimony before
I the War Commission will, of course
I not he available for us."
Witness said his experience at Jack
sonville had been very satisfactory. I i * ■
! had personally inspected many cars,
tindinp very few sides of beef to the
whole of which any exception could be
i taken. Of the canned roast beef he
j had unofficial}- condemned 42,000
pounds, which had been transshipped
i from New Orleans before it was de-
I livered to the army in Jacksonville.
!He explained that a largv- shipment
■ of canned roast beef had arrived at
Jwcksonvlle in very offensive condition.
He had picked out offensive smelling
cases, amounting to 42,000 pounds, and
called in the Jacksonville Health Of
ficers, who condemned it as a public
nuisance, thus giving him the right to
destroy it at once in the public crema
tory- Armour's agent, who was on the
: ground, asked leave to telegraph his
home office, and quickly received word
from his firm that it would be very
glad to take hack the whole shipment
and furnish good beef in its place. This
was done. The beef had been s^nt to
New Orleans by Major West, the com
i missary, but there was no stamp or
; other means on th^ packages to tell by
what army officer the beof had been
inspected and accepted. It was
stamped by the Birreau of Animal In
dustry.
Witness had subsequently made in
spections of Texas beef killed in Cubn
in the past few months, reports on
I which are on file in the War J>
'■■ ment. He had made chemical analy
ses and bacteriological examinations
of the canned roast beef used in Cuba,
and had made personal comparisons be
tu-(.cn refrigerator beef, native Cuban
cattle and Texas beef killed in Cuba
which had not been in cold storage.
His experiments had been exhaustive
I'and conducted as fairly as possible
i with reference to practical conditions.
i His own opinion was that th p best meat
our troops could get in the West Indies
was American cattle killed and refrig
erated in Cuba as near as possible to
the spot where it was to be used.
Quartermaster Sergeant Sullivan of
the Ninth Massachusetts had been
through the Santiago campaign and
came to the stand full of the memories
of canned and refrigerated beef. The
former, he said, the men barely tasted.
The latter he started in to describe as
a strange and grewsome article, unlike
i anything he had ever seen. He said it
had a "deathly smell." Here he col
lided with the recorder, who insisted on
having a strict definition of a "deathly
i smell." Witness got as far as saying
that the "deathly smell" was different
trom the smell of a decomposing body,
! but here the recorder demanded a state
ment of the mechanism of decomposi
tion and a list of the gases which would
'be evolved. The witness thereupon
went to pieces and reduced the whole
statement to saying that "thf href was
f very bad," and on this he refused to
be shaken.
The witness list, having been cx
i hausted the court adjourned until 10
o'clock Monday.
to American interests, showing good
will toward the United States. The
essions regarding oranges, raisins
and dried fruits and the passing of
thorn in bond without inspection is also
of great value, and the indications are
favorable for a fair settlement of other
issues.
"The Germans, " continued Mr. White,
"claim that it is now the turn of the
Americans to make concessions such as
the release of their ships from the ton
nage dues imposed under the adminis
tration of President Cleveland, and
since continued under a misapprehen
sion. There are also many other signs
that the Germans desire the widest fa
cilities for business with the Ameri
cans, an example being the especially
favorable report of the Hamburg
Chamber of Commerce in regard to
American trade. All this seems to mi
i dlcate that opinion is tending in a re
j markable degree in favor of equitable
' treatment of American products. This
doubtless will have marked effect on
the commerce of the two nations."
The report of the Chamber of Com
merce of Hamburg referred to by Mr.
White is a highly interesting and re
markable document. It reviews briefly.
but completely, the relations between
Germany and the United States during
the past year, and says there is no
doubt the Dingley tariff has been a
great benefit to many articles made in
the United States. It is further as
serted that the reason for the strength
of American industry is found in 'the
fact of the capacity for production on
a large scale of certain commodities in
I comparison with which the German fa
i cilities, with only a few exceptions, are
! far inferior. European industry, it is
added, may be prepared for the fact
that in many articles which have hith
erto been imported the United States
will become sharp competitor?, espe
cially in the iron and steel industries.
Concerning meats, the report says:
"Much wrongdoing has been committed
in the German customs during the past
and, in fact, there have been many
cases of trichinosis after consuming
home pork which had been duly in
spected and certified as sound, which
proved that the inspection is a doubt
ful sanitary benefit."
The report further says the San Jose
scale scare was exaggerated and that
much damage was thereby done to the
trade, adding that, it is singular no
German Consul in America has drawn
attention to the matter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT,, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 189!>.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
Initial Spring Exhibit
Dress Fabrics— Mew Tailor Gowns.
Millinery — Neckwear and
Ribbons.
Timely Shopping Suggestions for the Opera
Season — An Interesting Column for
Ladies anil Men*
A Carpet Sale— Thirty Articles for House-Cleaning— Four
Big Liquor Specials, and a Host of Other
Money-saving Items.
For Opera JiV-S
SeaSOn. opera will sug-
gest ' gest many little accessories to the toilet
■ which you will require ; wants that the
big store has anticipated and is prepared
' to supply at fair prices. The following
, list contains many suggestions for both
, ladie3 and gentlemen :
I Ladies' Cloves. The long or
, short lengths as you prefer ; superior
> qualities for the prices.
1 16 - button
' length white, I — T"""^/*^' ■ \
mousquetaire, f I /,,,,i,.,,, x
' Dressed Kid M. / fj\p:. r;
' Gloves —very iI.V •/ 11, Vj. i X
; fine $2.50 -Ml 11/ , N& X
, Best quality Y^> / Jl. \y
, Undres-x-'i Kid /*/\ ')k >/
i Mousquetaire ITrJ\\ \ J
>in choice a3- / /a\V\\
' sortment /LAy '• \
' evening col- mil \\\U
orintrs. llf- \\\r
12-button
, length, $!-S5 .
, pair; 16-button length. $2. pair; 20-
-. button length, 53.00 pair.
L'4-button length Mousquetaire Un-
' dressed Kid Gloves in white only. $4.00. ;
Ladies' 2-clasp light-weight Kid
' Gloves, embroidered backs, white, cream
\ and primrose, 00.
Ladies' 2-clasp Real Kid Pique Gloves,
> embroidered backs, in white, cream, prim-
• rose, pink, light blue, lavender or pearl,
' $1.50.
' Jill gloves b.vtght of us cleaned frc;
\ after fi' -wearing.
' SUk VeStS. Ladies' Spun Silk
1: : . — -~ Vests — hand-
' c -\ ' *^ X\ o mely finished
| up\i>*iY: with lace etching
j (y i^e^\ around neck and
i V ' t armlets — colors
' ~\ \. cream, pink, sky
1 - /ss. S®^ nlue, lavender and
' V : -^':#\ black-each
1 WWrnm \ - 55c
'vis', n f'ijS* \ Ladies' China
; /S}VU \U\vh \ Silk Vests-elab-
<-o('M|( \' •■')(/ ) orately hand cro-
' I V^''l^U\v<C\ che t c d yokes,
I C^Vj ( \\ll square necks and
/F I ' !> » V shapes — in all
"—^-^i opera shades. An
exquisite and very large assortment — .
ranging in price from
$2.50 to $7.50
\ Silk Hose. Two reason ably
 priced lines in colors to match evening
, costumes :
i Ladies' Silk Plated Hose — Richelieu
1 ribbed — colors Cream. White, Pink,
' Sky Blue, Lavender, Nile, Cardinal and
1 Black — good wearing quality — per
I pair $1.00
Ladies' pure China Silk Hose — high
' spliced heeis and double toes — colors
| Cream, White, Pink, Sky Blue, Laven- !
, der, Maize, Bronze, Eminence, Nile, Car- j
i dinal and Black — very fine indeed — per
pair $2.75
\ Handkerchiefs* Real Duch- i
> esse Lace Point Applique and Real Point '■
1 Lace Handkerchiefs.... !
' 50/ $12.50
' Real Valenciennes Lace Handkerchiefs,
plain or hand embroidered — from ;. I
; $2.50 to $4.75
, Imitation Laco Handkerchiefs in very
> large assortment — from
« 25c to $2.50 i
« Empire Fans* The correct* 9- !
' inch size, silk gauze, spangled or hand i
' painted in designs of the Empire period
' of France — shades to match evening
| costume — gilded wood or inlaid ivory
. sticks — prices from
, .. - $1.35 to $10.00
! RtlcMngS, Etc. The new and
[ ** * beautiful all-
\ silk Chiffon, and Liberty Silk Rucfiings
, and Ruchings in suitable widths and
« qualities for trimming opera costumes, j
1 range in price per yard from
«' 50c to $2.25
DreSS DraningS* Accordeon
pleatel Chif-
-1 fons in fancy effects — novely just re- j
' ceived from New York — for trimming ■
' or making complete — prettiest ■
' we've ever shown— pink, blue, white and
, black — 22 inches wide- costs per yard...
75c
Dotted and figured all-silk Chiffons —
1 white only— inches wide — new and eT-
' fective — per yard $!.50 and $1.75
; Chenille Dot All-silk Brussels -42
\ inches wide in full assortment of evening
, shades — per yard 51. 15 and $1.25
', Chenille Striped Silk Gauza —21
inches wide— in the light evening shades
1 —very rich and dressy— per yard. ..51.25
Lorgnettes, Etc* a nice as- '
1 . -^•^./^^S^rf^^X sortment in new-
c \^^>»^^>^— s est designs— also
>(& ; . Opera Glasses at
\ $>§q surprisingly low prices.
Vria' Sterling Silver Lorgnettes '/
W 55.50
' JL . Sterling Silver Gilded Lorg-
w nettes, like picture.... $6.50 j
|| Genuine Tortois9 Shell Lorg-
'V\ nettes $5.00 ;
•li i Beaded, Lorgnette or Opera
KA Chains, all colori $1.00 .
ifeJC Rolled Gold Lorgnette or Opera |
VgJ Chains 51. 50 to $7.50
Opera — powerful achromatic
• lenses — pearl and gilt tubes — 0n1y...
 $5.00
Genuine Le Maire Opera Glasses as low
as : $4.00
Opera G.'ass Holders — pearl handled....
$3.75
Cut Glass Smelling Salt Bottles-
sterling silver top $1.50
Send name and address for the mammoth Spring; Catalogue now in preparation. T>o not buy your summer supplies until you have
seen this book and our prices. New Grocery Price List out this week.
THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR.
'-**■*.*.* ..^*^*** ********************** *. _«._»_«. .*. -*..*. a
Men's Jewelry, studs, Cuff
Buttons, etc. Full Dress Shirt Studs,
white stonine, per set .J3c
14 kt gold-filled Shirt Studs, per set. soc
Solid Gold Shirt Studs— the correct size
and finish— per 5et.....: $2.00
Link Cuff Buttons — White Stonine — per
pair 25c
14 kt. Gold-filled Link Cuff Buttons—
per pair *'-00
Solid Gold Link Cuff Buttons— per pair
_ ; $3.50
Dress Shiris, Etc* Best
makes of full dress shirts— open back
and front— collars cut to fit comfortably
and right — /IPV
sleeves your A .=■ l|]i\
proper length, $§\—/st\
each TO.'V/ I ''"'^
$1 and $1.50 k\ .'{■ 'f\
Men's Muf- | vIM,//'/
flers, Reefers ft/l Vw %Ji '
and Fnll Dress \\\\%^v
Sh ield — new- >Q\\ }\ %
est designs — /AuVvli\\\
polka dots — y/^7v\^^W
Roman stripes h * x W$S i \ ft ;%\
in black, ex- ■',-|\il\l\
tra heavy Iff* SJ& \A% V\
twilled orbro- wWP
caded .* >'. /\\ * >,jr
.$1 to $2.50 \>-^
French Lawn Bows, 2 for 25c
Full Dress Ties— white lawn or black
satin, in lengths to fit different sizes of
collars.
Evening Dress Gloves, pearls or slates,
genuine kid, one or two buttons or clasps,
per pair $1.50
Men's extra large twilled silk Handker-
chiefs 75c and $1.00
Men's Full r Made of fine
_ ' — m A Imported Uotns—
Dress Suits* \\ ne d throughout.
4&!\ with silk, tailoring of
W~ c) the very highest stand-
■ \ *jjO ard, hand-made button-
yS^f • holes, shoulders and
/vW\ lapels hand - padded,
/\r\ \\^ collar hand-padded and
/ )\\\\l\ felled —and we posi-
/ J \\\\j[\ tivelv fit you.no mat-
/ >jA >^VLI ter now stout or tall
\ Y-L^/j kii i yoU may e — e ua ' to
■ merchant tailor made.
Ml lln Why pay t^ iree times
II /A? our P r ce3 for dress
'I™ ,' / Jm suits made to order
Ij II JjJl when we are sure that
\! / / ''111 we can please you at
1 / / ' • n from $25 to $35
111 Men's full dress
|I / White Vests, single
[j / and double breasted, in
I / VJ< absolutely correct style
,\y ***" $1.50 to $2.50
M MS— 4 ##» Of all the fanv-d
/a mm 10 Oriental bazaars in
TOUriStS. San Francisco, the
big Chinese and
Japanese Depart-
ment in this store flMfe
is easily the finest. p^^^K
The rare ivories, ;■ .y v^j^f PjS
curious brie -a - £r-—& -j?-ftj^™^\
brae, carved ebo- Aty{ "* i^ IK, i
nies, embroiiered #L_/ h J JB®&\
silks, beautiful ~~^^JL^,^h^mf~
Cloisonne ware
and curios from x^«l?§lPpT!«^ai
all parts of tho ir ,,^/ j^
Orient are well ( \/
worth a visit of l
inspection. Goods are marked, in plain
figures at prices surprisingly low to peo-
ple who have seen similar articles in
Chinatown at Chinatown prices.
Colored More than 30 ° styIes
Wash GOOdS. undoub
the largest collection on the coast.
Fancy Piques — new warp welt weaves
—in a large range of colorings. Per
yard 15C
Novelty Scotch Zephyr Ginghams-
very newest raised thread weaves — spe-
cial waist designs — quantity limited.
Per yard • 2Oc
Percales — 2 cases, in addition to our
regular stock of Novelty Stripes and Fig-
ures, have just been opened — inches
wide — cloth. Per yard 12 ,C
Japanese Crepe3— about 200 pieces of
this stylish, serviceabh wash fabric, new
from the looms of Japan — 29 inches wide
— fancy and solid colors. Per y;ird...
16% c
Madras Cloths — the finest cotton fa-
bric that the Scotch looms have turned
out this season — select colorings — in
pink, blue, lavender, etc., effects— stripes
and plaids — all colors permanent — width
32 inches. Per yard 30c
VMhite Very much in favor this
_, _ season, part icularly
GOOtiS* Piques, Ducks, Satin
Stripe Lawns and Organdies. Everything
in these lines that are new and desirable.
These fabrics are very recent arrivals.
Imported Welt White Pique — made in
England— size cord — very special.
Per yard 2Oc
Open-work Stripe Lawn — hemstitch ef-
fect, with rich satin stripe— s different
styles. Per yard '....'. 15c
' White Organdy — sheer.weave— fully 70
inches wide — a special leader. Per
yard • 35c
Dainty hair line striped White Dimity
50 pieces of it— neat and effective. Per
yard ...-•. lOc
Wide Ribbons be in B n^
for 29c. Monday,
March 6, a large shipment of 4vj-inch
w : de. all-silk ribbons just in from New
York.
Satin Stripe Plairis, Dresden effects.
Satin Stripe Plaid Taffetas.
Polka Dot Taffetas, check effects.
Black Taffetas— White Satin Polka
Dots. V ■-
White Taffetas— Black Satin Polka
Dots.
White Grounds with Novelty Stripes.
A 50c yard value for 29c
Sorintt Charming Silks for,
«,Cv» ** Spring and Summer — per-
&iinS* feet examples of the silk
weavers' art — no flaws in • the weaving —
colors that will not fade — designs that
eclipse those of previous seasons. They
must be seen — we cannot describe them
in print.
22-inch French Novalty Silks, Satin
Moires, Gros-Grains' and Taffeta Brocades,
suitable for opera, reception and evening
wear, per yard $1.75 {0 $3.50
22-inch Plain Coiored Satins, ricti
heavy quality, new shades of Green, Pur-
ple, Turquoise, Bine, L?mon and Laven-
der, for evening and reception costumes,
j per yard $1.50 ani $1.85
22-inch Swiss Taffeta, rich luster, dainty
j stripes in lace effects, exquisite color-
ings, exclusive designs, per yard. s|. 3s
21-inch Black Satin Pekin Stripe with
small embroidered colored figure, per
yard... $1.10
20-inch Fancy Corded Taffeta with
embroidered stripe, spring and summer
colorings, including new shades of Helio-
trope, Green, Golden Brown and Tur-
quoise, per yard $1.10
' Glass- «g=i
ware Wy
Half \&J
g 1 assware at >f~hf\
ed . cbance to •iriTu ■— -tti»'
I buy vases for
Easter flowers. The collection includes :
Vases Cream Pitchers Rose Bowls
Knife Rests Cologne Bottles Olive Dishes
Pin Trays Water Bottles Etc., etc.
___
Colored o ,f» d c '
Dress Goods, lection of
! spring Dress Goods by its large number
of exclusive novelties, its uniform excel-
lence, its acknowledged stylishness, its
fair prices.
,40 in. aP-wool Coverts— suit $3.50
40 in. all-wool fancy Checks. suit.s3«sO
44 in. all-wool Coverts — suit $3.60
45 in. Novelty Plaid Cheviots— suit
;. $4.50
54 in. Venetian Cloth, colors — suit
, $c.25
42 in. Silk Crepons ; spring shades, tan
or gray — -suit $13. 00 |
42 in. Silk Crepons ;. striped effect.-, tan
or gray — suit $15.00
\ VWhite After the season
«■»» _ a we find some small
BlanHetS. lots of high grade \
white woolen Biankets on hand, in com-
plete lines. Some have been slightly
soiled by handling, but not otherwise in-
jured. They are all fine white Oregon
Wool Blankets, to be closed out at these
prices per pair —
j 4-lb weight.. 9s 6-lb weight...s*.6s
j 5-lb weight.. s3.9s 7-lb weight. ..ss.so
——^— —
Gnnd Covered
: WWmm a with daintily
GomfOrterS* covered col-
! ored silkoline — reverse side in plain col-
ors — pink, blue, yellow, etc. — hand tuft-
j ed, filled with pure white cotton ; very
special each $1.15
Sheets and . *■•*■
_-,--_ — b & bneet-
PlllOW CaSeS. ings have
! advanced considerably in price, and will
go much higher. Handling all goods in
large quantities from first hands we are
well prepared with a large reserve stock
of sheets and cases at the old prices.
j This week, we offer the well-known "Pe-
quot" brand high grade sheets, well made
ironed and ready for use —
54x90 inches... 37^C each.
72x90 inches.... 4-Sc each.
81x90 inches SOc each.
90x90 inches... 55c each.
Broofilyn^^*™
Bridge. link between the two
! sections of America's greatest city, to-
gether with the Bartholdi statue, is this
week reproduced with spool cotton in our
notion show window — real work of art
worth coming down town to see.
Shirt "■ The little P icture
-_- . * herewith gives aomo
WwaiStS. idea of the daintiness,
the womanliness / r^
of the new Shirt Jd[ #"^i\
Waists for 1899. Vi/s; M
They are far less C| j J7f
mannish in cut \ y
and finish than jl7'x^\- j
those of last /^ffTljJK)^^ l
year. Many of f -lyfuM^^i I
them have pret- I J|||Wggjtf\ J
ty trimmings of J S£s JS22O* V/
embroidery, lace I -^g I ife^^^s^/
or tucking. The 1 Mi|§£\\f§3s|y '■' '
big store has V \i*r^iiiy //
ready a charm- Ns^ssft^S-^?<^
ing assortment /x^^
in white and 'IJiJ
fancies — percales, piques, zephyrs and
fine lawns, ranging in price from 390
to $6.50 each.
One pleasing line in Fancy Percales —
some plain finished, soma tucked, some
daintily trimmed — all of best make, with
pearl buttons and collars of aara? mate-
rial as waist — beautifully laundered and
easily worth 75c. Are marked G3o
: r . ■ ■ ■
NOVBitif Assortments for
-- --- -f_ spring now com-
VeiHngS. plete. The ingenu-
ity of the veil manu- -,
facturer must have Jn///
been taxed to devise ! fl'M
new meshes after the jjjS&foslig&a,
almost infinite vari- i^^^^^f^^
ety of last season, J|l||»h££td^
but they have pro- M^^^^ffl^
duced new ones, and jK^«j9?fl3^|©£<)
some of them are
pretty enough to terSjT^rf^X^S^J
make the plainest KJSSSsn^^A&j)
faces attractive— \?B^>*''. '"fX'^if
prices range from... , m£ .^/». <<*.*'
# . ...... 25c to $1.30 sLv"^" = " Jj& n
Especially pretty H>»«itjP'\
dotted Tuxedo and |§Ph \
dotted Chiffon Veil- ///%&jgig^;
ings, per yard.. ..soc <<*r ir"^- -^*
:'• • ~ '
New Black J>,«:
Dress Goods* arrived
last week — among them :
Mohair Lustre and Mohair Blistor
Crepons, entirely new and very hand-
some— per yard... 52.00 and $2.25
Silk and Wool. Souffle — an exquisite
line of this swellest of black dress fab-
rics for spring — will make up as effec-
tively as the higher priced novelties— ncr
yard". $2.00
TTf*» Af«»MS Jet and steel
J» T* nG beaded crushed
BdtS. Belts; the very
newest kind, with cut steel and enameled
buckles — each 75c to 53.50
Riveted cut steel slides ; gcod assort-
ment of pretty shapes — upward from
; :. ! wo
Hand-carved Mexican Leather Belts —
from , $1 to $2.50
See the native Mexican leather carvers
at their interesting work in the rotunda.
Extra heavy patent leather belts with
covered buckles 25C
Popular J^TZ'_
NCW BOOHS, low a discount
of 2O pen cent from publishers'
prices on all books except medical, net
priced and school books. Here's a few
of the new ones:
Publishers' Our
Prii-<\ Prirp.
PhroßO (paper)— Hope BOc 40c ,
Short Rations— Fish $1.25 SI.OO
Rwall.-.w— Hazard - $1.50 f]-*!'
Sinking oftheMaine-SlKsnee.U.^O fl-^JJ
The Heart of Denlse— Yeats.. fI.OO
Life and Letters of Lewis
Carroll— Coll lngswood $2 50 $2.00
Letters of E. B. Robert a . nn
BrowninK (2 vols.t -.$o 00 jM.OO
Life of rarnell— $2.50 $2.00
And hers ar? f ome of Kipling's works
at Emporium prices:
JunKle 800k...51.20 . Pay's W0rk... 5t. 20
Seven 5ea5... .51.20 Light That Failed.
Captain Courage- .OO
ous ...... SU.UO Soldiers Three
Ballads *1.O<»; JfV°°
rialn Ta1e5.... 51.00 Phantom RJ.-k-
-fnder the Peo- shaw $1.00
ars fl.OO ; Many Invitations..
The Naulahka : f1.20
....- 91.00
l he fSZZ s . •?"!« s
rOr sOww* spring and sum-
mer, each one an ex-
ceptional, not-to-ba-
£i wv I . v 1 i cated good
L jiiiMSji Men's Chocolate
W Shoe?, me-
kJ^A^f^^^^^^^ dium Bul '"
•^^^^ dog toe
-^ sewed welt
soles, strictly correct shape, perfect fit-
ting, made for comfort
and long wear — all s'zes &Stth.
and widths $3.00 /pMwS^
Ladies' Chocolate Color \y.j^£/
Vici Kid Lace Shoes — \%\ 7/
fancy silk v?sting tops, Av\m
diamond-shaped tips; sew- U&Jp^
ed flexible soles — fiexibil- /<<s2Js^\
ity, durability, perfect £&^«?B|^!y "
\\\ IoL 3nn & low % / \^
yf@ms&> $2.48
If ijf&u \\ Ladies' Chocolate color
U fjjgsFlV Vici Kid Lace Shoes—
| '^eJ*' 1 y fancy vesting cloth tops,
new ' coin toes, straight
s==s>. tips, sewed flexible soles —
y a stylish shoe that retains
/ its shape remarkably
\ 1 well — all sizes and width 3
*-* • $1.98
Sutherland . " M j"V f the
a. hundreds of vis-
%>lSterS. itors to the
Toilet Article Department who have been
advised free of charge as to the proper
treatment of the hair and scalp have re-
turned and told us how well pleased they
were and how greatly benefited.
The ladies with the remarkable growth
of hair who are demonstrating the Seven
Sutherland Sisters' Hair Grower and.
Scalp Cleaner freely give v iluable advice
to all who ask' it, whether purchases are
made or not.
Garnet Choosing car-
mr> pets is vexing and
MLCOnOnty. paying for them
is burdensome in most stores. Our sys-
tem renders carpet-buying easy and
simple. The variety, the display space,
the light, the qualities and the prices
contribute to your personal convenience,
satisfy your taste and increase the pur-
chasing influence of your money.
Tapestry Carpets, standard makes,
their only fault is they've lingered after
the stock-taking period, border to match,
complete on floor, laid and lined. Per
yard 55c
Velvet Carpets, various makes, all re-
liable, effective designs and pleasing
color schemes ; just because they left
the looms last season instead of this sea-
son you may buy $1.15 grades laid and
lined per yard 97 _O
Axminster Carpets, absolutely perfect
and usually sold for $1.35, styles that
we gathered late last season, artistic
patterns and colorings, laid and lined.
Per yard $1.10
Lowell Body Bruseels — They exemplify
all the gra~e and goodness associated
with the great name of Lowell ; you'll
find the same qualities and styles in
other stores marked $1.35 per yard. Our
price laid and lined $1.10
Art Squares — Useful and serviceable in
many ways ; just what you want to
adorn oiled floors or to unroll over mat-
ting ; the prices of these are exceed-
ingly low, and the patterns, as well as
the color combinations, are new and
effective : they are all wool. Cost
varies according to sizes :
3x2 yards.. .s3.9o 3x4 yards.. .s7.Bo
3x3 yards. 7s 3x4^ yards.SB.7s
3x3',4 yards.s6.Bs 4x5 yards.. .sl3. oo
35c quality Linen Warp Matting 27^c
30c quality Linen Warp Matting 22u,c
25c quality Linen Warp Matting 20c
Linoleums regular 50c and 60c quali-
ties, 2 yards wide. Our price
39c and 4-9 c per square yard
Snf%f9*n2l These reversible Smyr-
_ "^ na Rugs claim your full
HUffSm appreciation; they are
good and beautiful — wa may not be able
to offer them again the thrifty will take
no chances size 60x30 inches $1.25
This Couch rTh ,^ ndo la
a« 9 g-n Couch, like pic-
&wmmm*M%Sm ture. is the acme
of comfort — upholstered in finest three-
toned Velours, several different patterns
and colorings, with spring edge and
graceful curves — it ordinarily sells for
$15— our price $12m50
ffmfSltn The new '99 styles in
«V - 1" Men's Standard Bosom
ShtrtSm and Golf Shirts are
ready. The mate- /^»S
rials that will be K^^Tj
worn most are sj *J*
French Percales, Jo^c
Woven Madras and .^tfCJcSS^V^
Zephyr— some have /^^WrEE^^Av
- cuffs' attached, /^Mv|3lb\kV
some separate— all iyMw^TO
made in right (fflv llraffl
lengths of arm and HC4A \\\\\'t3E? raj }
comfortably fitting \^^j3dQilmii^
necks. $' and $1.50 I |||l)
Men's . I|(*H /' HI;/
Neckwear— '
■ The novelty silks and new shapes for
epring — Graduated Four-in- Hands. As-
cot?, Puffs and Club Ties, each 50c
M SmiOß* Try Emporium Malt
LiqUOr _ Extracts —it will
SpGC/SitS* surely please you,
and only costs $1.75 per dozen. !
These are this week's specials: •
4-year-old Bourbon Whiskey, gallon
; $2.05
Good Table Caret, gallon 25c
Games' Old Private Stock Bourbon,. 10
years old, regularly $1.50 bottle, this
week $1-15
Domestic Porter, a good article, regu-
larly $125 dozen, this week Qsc
Special Sale X^ET
HOUSe . offers for the
Cleaning -£, «J
ArtlCB&Sm ly . price-cut
articles that you will find use for almost
every day of the year
Golden Rule Savon Soap, 1-lb bars,
regularly 6 for 25c, this week 88
for $1.00
Emporium Savon Soap, 1-lb bars, regu-
larly 6 for 25c, this week 33 for. $1.00
Ivory Soap, 10-oz, for both bath and
laundry, each ~-." S 1-2 c
Golden Rule Sand Soap, regularly 6 for
25c, this week 14 for sOc
Sapolio, the genuine, 4 cakes ior.2sc
" Crystola, works like Sapolio, 4 for.lsc
Pearline, the large packages, 3 for
25c
Babbitt's "76," the 1-lb packages, retru-
larlv 10c, this week 7c
6-lb boxes good laundry
Starch, while supply lasts,
at 35c
Gold Water Starch, 1-lb
packages, while supply
lasts • 5c
Greer's Ammonia, quart bottles, regu-
larly 25c, for 2OC
Lirge bottles, Liquid Blue, regularly
10c, for i..... 5c
i,-lb boxes Ball Bluing, regularly 10c,
for 7O
i.^-lb boxes Nurenburg Ball Bluing,
regularly 23c. for 15c
Chloride Lim?, 1-lb cartoons, regularly
13c, for 8c
Duryea's Gloss Starch, 1-lb pack-
ages 7c
u iso *"*„ v Fir3t - clans
Housework, ciothes wtim
Housework, ( h33 wnn?
ers, 10-inch roller, will fit any tub.sj.7s
Heavy galvanized iron Wash Tubs
sOc
Cotton Floor Mops lOc
Heavy galvanized iron Water Bails
2Oc
Good Corn Brooms 25c
A good serviceable Scrubbing Brush....
: .We
12-inch Feather Dusters 2Oc
Wash Boards, goo quality 15c
Gamphorette Insect Destroyer for
moths, ants and roaches ■. 100
Window Brushes, all bristle SOG
■ . •-■:' ■
56
tPfoe vA|||^Cf all
SUNDAY MARCH 5, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F-
Telephorie Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...SIT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARTUEP.S. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, f> cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year fO.OO
DAIIiY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). S months .- 1.50
DAILT CALL— By Single Month..... y:5o k
PUNDAY CALL Year l.B»
WEEKLY- CALL. One Year • I '°°
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
far.r.le ccpies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ...^T^:...: *» Broodw-y
NEW YORK OFFICE... .Room 188. World Bulldinft
DAVID ALLF.JN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE -- Rife 6« H<w»«
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE ••••••••• Marqaetto Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES-627 Montgomery street, corner Clay, j
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street open until
9-30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
IMi Mission, street, open until 10 o'clock- 22»l Market
• «tr«et corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mlsson street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh, ;
street, open until & o'clock- 1505 Polk »tre«t, op«r
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
K«nluck.y streets, open until 9 o'clock- ; ■ ■'
AMUSEMENTS.
California— ''Magrda."'
Columbia— 'La Tosca," .to-morrow night. .
Tlvbll— "Madeline, or the Magic Kiss." •' :
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "The Girl I Left Behind Me."
Comedy— "Twelfth Night." ;
Grand Opera House— Ellis Opera Company. Monday eve?>-
lns. March 13.
Alharr.bru— Sousa Concerts.
Alhambra— "Uewey the Hero of Manila," Monday evening,
March c.
Chutes and 1)oo— Pianka. the "Lady of Lions."
Olympla— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Ingleslde Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback— To-morrow, at 10:30 a, m.. and
2:30 p. m., Turkish Rugs, at 123 Geary street.
By S. M'atkins i Co.— Monday. March 6, at 11 o clock,
Horses, at .220 Valencia street.
MUNICIPAL ECONOMY.
THE dollar limit on local taxation was discussed i
before the Street Committee of the Supervisors
on Thursday in an informal manner, but several
points were developed which are somewhat interest-
Supervisor Perrault said that if the limit were
reed this year the amount raised by taxation
would not meet the ordinary' expenses of the muni
cipal government, let alone paying for the improve
ments for which petitions have been filed to the num
t seventy-three by improvement clubs and prop
erty-owners in different portions of the city. A. S.
Lii'iie of the Mission Federation of Improvement
Clubs replied to Dr. Perrault by saying that if
economy were exercised in the management of the
local government a tax levy of $i on the $100 of
valuation would be sufficient to conduct the city and
Lde for all needed improvements.
Both gentlemen are right and yet wrong. Under
the present law the local government cannot be con
ducted economically. Eighty per cent of its appro
priations are fixed by law, and the Supervisors could
not change them if they would. The other 20 per
cent may be cut down.. The important department,
for which a reasonable appropriation is demanded,
js the Street Department, where the bulk of the
money is needed. The appropriation for this depart
ment is flexible. Salaries of deputies and the expen
■: s of most of the executive departments are fixed
by law. and if an appropriation is not made for them
they may draw the money from the treasury anyhow.
Supervisor Perrault is entirely correct in saying
that the city government cannot be conducted for $1
on the $100 and the improvements petitioned for car
ried out. The Supervisors have attempted during
several years past to make necessary repairs on worn
out public buildings and dilapidated public streets,
with the only result of producing a deficit in the
treasury. Deficits have now become a regular thing,
and it does not appear possible to avoid them under
the present system. If a sufficient amount of money
is not included in the tax levy to be imposed this year
c improvements asked for by the improvement
ciubs will have to be postponed. In other words, if
the Supervisors arc going to conduct the government i
foi Si. they. cannot do more than meet necessary cur
rent expenses.
Doubtless the municipality can and ought to be
run on a tax levy of $1 on the $100, but the experience
of several years has proved that this is impossible un
der the present law. Under the new charter it may
be feasible to make a change in the system. If it is,
it certainly ought to be done.
By the amount of pipe being sent to Manila it may
be judged that that town will have a sewer system
long before San Francisco shall have progressed to
the point of draining itself. Then we can send com
missioners to the Philippines and find how to put
sanitary methods into operation.
Milton Green is not anxious to answer any ques
tions at the bar of the Assembly, and there do not
seem to be many who are anxious to ask the ques
tions, anyhow. Probably the date set for the Green
matinee might as well be canceled.
The latest revolution in Costa Rica orrfy lasted
thirty minute?. Heretofore a revolution there was ex
pected to endure at least for a day. The new plan,
however, gives an opportunity for several of the
events between sunrise and sunset.
The bicycle rider's idea that he is always right and
thus constantly at liberty to go ahead has resulted
in at least one death recently. However, this will not
lesson the prevalence of the idea among surviving
wheelers.
Spain has never in all her shameful history done
anything so idiotic as the present course of putting
the gallant Montojo in jail for the offense of having
fought bravely and been honorably licked.
A Coroner's jury has censured the FJectric Light
Company for so disposing of its iive wires as to kill
a man, but the company is not reported to be suffer
ing greatly. _
There is a report from Manila that Aguinaldo
wants $7,000,000 for the release of Spanish prisoners,
but as. Creclman confirms the report, it is probably
untrue. .
The State quarantine service will never be missed
save by the officials it has supported and the private |
citizens it has annoyed.
THE BURNS PRONUNCIAMENTO.
THE Burns Junta at Sacramento, borrowing a
custom from Mexico, has issued its Pronun
ciamento. In this document the party is lec
tured upon its duty and the will of the majority is
lauded as the only rule of action. The statement is
! put in this precise form: "This country has a rep
-1 rcsentative government; all selections of officials are
; decided by a vote of the persons entitled to act
! thereon, and the selection of a majority, no matter'
j how small numerically, becomes, by the force of law,
! the selection of all. This law of the land has become
by usage the law of political parties."
Very well. The persons entitled to act in the Leg
islature, representing the Republican party and
charged with the function of electing a Senator, have
been acting according to the law of the land for the
last eight weeks. The majority of the "persons en
titled to act" have every day during that time acted.
A majority decides affirmatively and negatively at
once. Every day of the session the majority has de
cided against Burns. On no ballot taken has he had
even a plurality of the votes cast. On no ballot has he
had the highest number of votes cast for any candi
date. Up to the day his Junta assumed to instruct
the party on the sacrosanct nature of a majority "the
persons entitled to act" for the seventieth time acted
and cast against him an overwhelming majority.
For the seventieth time "the persons entitled to act"
cast against him more than a two-thirds majority.
For the seventieth time the majority of over two
| thirds declared that Colonel Burns was not the choice
| of the party nor of "the persons entitled to act."
Now, the Junta's Pronunciamento continues and
! says: "The selection of a majority, no matter how
! small numerically, becomes by force of law the selec
j tion of all." Therefore the rejection by a majority,
no matter how small numerically, becomes by the force
of law the rejection of all. Colonel Burns, having been
: seventy times rejected by a majority of two-thirds,
i should, according to the reasoning of his Junta, step
j aside. His minority of less than one-third should re
spect the will of the majority and cease to oppose that
will. Its refusal to obey the will of the majority is
\ likely to lead to disastrous and wide-reaching results,
I for the Burns Junta says in its Pronunciamento: "It
i i ; absolutely necessary to the preservation of a politi
cal party that this law (submission to the majority)
! should govern the deliberations of its members, for
I without it a party becomes a mere mob, without co
' hesive power, a rope of sand only powerful to injure
itself." The majority, having decided that it does not
want Burns for Senator, his contumacious resistance
of that decision, according to his own Junta, is likely
; to turn the party into a mob capable of injuring only
itself. Surely there can be no stronger reason given
for his immediate obedience to the will of the more
than two-thirds majority seventy times cast against
him. Majorities act by natural instinct, first against
the point of greatest danger, and then toward the
point of greatest safety. Instinctively the majority
has seventy times acted against the candidacy of
Burns. Seventy times he has returned to the attack
and thereby has compelled continuance of the resist
ance. Let him obey the principles laid down by his
own Junta, let him bow to the majority, and then that
majority, no longer compelled to defend itself against
his assault, no longer compelled to protect the party
against his rebellious refusal to obey the majority,
will address itself to the duty of electing a Senator and
can do it on one ballot.
This is the first time in the history of parties that a
rebellious minority, seventy times outvoted, seventy
times rejected, seventy times defeated, seventy times
refusing to obey the will and law of the majority, has
had the presumption to accuse that majority of being
in rebellion against the minority!
The Junta's Pronunciamento amounts to just that.
It is a distinct insult to .the majority. The
two-thirds and more of the Republican mem
bers of the Legislature have stood with
unbroken front against Burns. Incidentally they
have cast their votes for other candidates, all of whom
have avowed themselves ready to get out of the way
as soon as the defensive campaign against the re
bellious minority is over and let the majority combine
on a proper candidate. It is only Burns, the seventy
times rejected aspirant, who refuses to release the
majority from its defensive duty and permit its affir
mative action.
So much for this self-condemning Pronunciamento
of the Burns Junta. There is left of it merely the
pretense that the will of the majority is operative only
through a caucus. That pretense has been disposed of
nlready. The majority has expressed its will seventy
times, in the way provided by the laws of the United
States and of the State, and Burns, having seventy
times refused to obey it, cannot be permitted to dic
tate the terms on which he will obey it.
THE SUPREME COURT flGfllN.
ON January 10, 1899, Senator Dickinson intro
duced a bill covering proposed amendments
to the State constitution and designed for the
relief of the congestion in the Supreme Court. The
bill was referred to the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate, which has now reported a substitute bill to
which every objection already stated by The Call to
the creation of three new courts of appeal is dis
tinctly applicable. To the matter of expense we have
already adverted. This objection would probably de
feat the proposed amendments at the polls. But there
are other reasons against their submission to the peo
ple. The effect of their adoption,. if our views are
correct, would be to defeat their avowed object by in
creasing the labors of the Supreme Court, deprived
of two of its members, and establishing three tribunals
that would be practically sinecures. We have no
doubt that the existing Justices would be glad to ex
change their present offices for the new positions the
Senate Judiciary Committee proposes to create. The
direct appeals authorized by these amendments from
the Supreme Court embrace constitutional questions,
State and Federal, taxation and assessments, eminent
domain, proceedings for usurpation of or intrusion
into publrc franchises, certain municipal controver
sies, and criminal cases where death or imprison
ment for life is involved. In addition to this formid
able array, in every case where the decision of a court
of appeals conflicts with a decision of the Supreme
Court or of another court of appeals it is to be heard
in the Supreme Court. A singular feature in the text
of this part of the amendments is that it seems to re
quire a decision in advance of a transfer. The Su
preme Court itself, moreover, is invested with "dis
cretion" to order any case decided in the courts of
appeal to be heard before itself, and the applications
under this head alone would probably occupy a large
part of the time of five Justices.
Under this plan we suggest that confusion would be
worse confounded, and that, while nine judgeships
would be available to the numerous candidates for
such offices, with the certainty that they would not be
overworked, the burthen thrown upon the Supreme
bench, already overweighted, would be simply in
tolerable. Whatever new jurisdiction is created
should be final, within its own limits, to which it
should be rigidiy held. One court of appeals, of three
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
Justices, vested with exclusive and final authority in
the appeals set apart for its consideration. and deter
mination, would meet all the present necessities of the
situation, and would be satisfactory to the people un
til the time comes, as is inevitable, when our entire
judicial system and methods of administering the law
shall be remodeled.
A FiN DE SIECLE EXPOSITION
SOME high and mighty ladies of London have
devised for the entertainment of that city during
the last year of the century a scheme suffi
ciently novel and attractive to be worthy of Parisian
brains. They propose to open a grand international
exposition of woman's work and her caprices in all
lands, in all ages and of all kinds.
The promoters and patrons of the movement are
dames of high degree and wide renown. The honor
ary committee, as given in a recent number of the
London Chronicle, includes the Duchess of Devon
shire, the Duchess of Marlborough, the Duchess of
Sutherland, the Marchioness of Twceddale, the Mar
chioness of Zetland, Lady Cowper, Lady Warwick
and Lady Cadogan, and it is further announced that
the gifted and smart Miss Tessa Mackenzie acts as
secretary. From that list judge the rest. The whole
array of titles and names is more suggestive of a
grand ball than an exposition, but that is the charm
of the enterprise. It is to be fin de siecle. It is to
show that the dames of fashion in these days can
manage entertainments larger than masquerades and
more exciting than high teas.
The scope of the exposition is to be universal so
far as women are concerned. Particular attention is
to be given to the historical section, which is to in
clude relics, works and pictures of famous women,
and a vast hall is to be given up to an exhibition of
feminine dress, fashion and adornment in all nations
and from the earliest ages. It appears that for these
features of the exhibit there are to be no temporary
structures erected, but that some of the stately his
toric buildings of the city are to be used. Thus the
Chronicle announces the display of dress and orna
ment is to be made in the Ducal Hall, and the his
torical exhibits are to be in the Royal Galleries.
While the management of the enterprise is at pres
ent in the hands of the noble coterie described, it is
intended to make it thoroughly democratic as soon
as the movement is fairly launched. It is not to be
an affair of the Four Hundred. The Duchesses are
not afraid they will lose prestige by associating with
working women, and propose to invite the co
operation of women of every part of the globe. Men,
however, are to be rigidly excluded, not only from
the management, but even from the service of the
exposition as far as possible, as the prospectus an
nounces that in every department women are to be
employed wherever the work is of a kind that women
can do.
The novelties proposed for the exhibit are numer
ous. They include a children's fairyland, a nurses'
department, a picturesque home and a realistic hall.
The latter is suggestive. What manner of exhibit the
combined women of the world will make in a realis
tic hall is a question calculated to excite the curiosity
of even the dullest minded man that ever lived. For
the answer we shall have to wait until the exposi
tion opens. In the meantime it is just as well to take
note of the fact that London does not propose to
let Paris have all the crowd in the closing year of the
century, and the Woman's Exhibition is not going
to be a sideshow to the World's Fair in the French
capital, but a great moral circus and family amuse
ment of itseH.
fIN ABERRATION OF ENTHUSIASM.
OUR esteemed contemporary, the New York Mail
and Express, -admires the President's speech at
Boston, and so, indeed, do most people in the
country; but the admiration of our contemporary
reaches the degree of an aberration of the intellect
and has led it to give to the youth of the nation some
counsel far below the level of the normal horse
sense advice usually given by newspapers to aspiring
young men. •
Full of the enthusiasm generated by the President's
address, the Mail and Express actually advises young
men to take to oratory for a living. With something
like a dithyrambic fecundity of utterance it ex
claims:
"It is said all the stores are full, and fathers even
pay for the privilege of placing a son behind the
counter. It is said even the new profession of elec
ticity has become hopelessly overcrowded. 'What
sli.iil we do with our boys?' has long been a hard
question in good English families. It has not of late
been a simple one here. But there are other callings
than the commercial. There are other rewards than
riches. To speak well. It must be, as we take it, an ex
quisite joy to the speaker himself to nobly sway for
noble ends great audiences of his fellow-men, and
there are so many causes now for which one might
expect God's blessing on his tongue."
Ai all that one is tempted to exclaim, like Hamlet
to the ghost, "Art thou there, old truepenny?" The
counsel is most excellently well uttered, but yet it
will fare ill with the young man who turn* from com
merce and electricity to achieve fortune by speaking
well and invoking ?. divine blessing on his tongue.
The oratorical professions are about as overcrowded
as any other vocations, and while most of these elo
quent talkers receive "other rewards than riches," the
rewards do not pay the tailor, the landlord, the
grocer, the laundry, nor even the bar bill.
Let all who will cultivate oratory and feel the ex
quisite joy of nobly swaying to noble ends large au
diences of their fellowmen, but let no young man take
to it as a means of earning a living, or he may have
to lend his tongue to strange causes and the money
grubber will use him, and when all is said and done it
is doubtful if God will bless him even if he hires a
hall.
The gentleman who had the thoughtlessness to ob
serve worms in the meat furnished the soldiers in
Cuba, and the further thoughtlessness to mention the
fact, evidently failed to realize the scope of the in
quiiy. The purpose is to find, not that the meat was
wormy, but that it was a first-class article, at the re
ceipt of which the soldier was in duty bound to render
up his soul in thanks.
Some of the colored residents of Cuba have de
cided to work no more, but rely upon the generosity
of Uncle Sam for enough to eat. We prophesy a
change of heart or a touch of famine.
A Board of Inquiry with a fixed purpose not to in
quire if the answer is likely to be displeasing will
reach adjournment ultimately, but nothing else of im
portance.
Dewey refuses to write for publication, whereat the
belief that the Admiral is a great and good man takes
even firmer hold upon the people.
The Legislature will pass comparatively few bills,
but it cannot be deprived of credit for its failure to
pass a lot which were introduced.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
In New York a woman has been con
demned to electrocution. I have no
idea the sentence will be carried out,
and hope it will not be. Even to be
lievers in capital punishment there is
something- unspeakably repulsive in the
idea of visiting upon a female murderer
the extreme wrath of the law. In the
first place, women do not need to be
held in check as men do. Without of
ficial statistics at hand, I venture the
assertion that a thousand wanton mur
ders are committed by men to a soli
tary one by .women. In the second
place, no ■woman falls so low that she
does not seem to masculine human
judgment to merit more consideration
than a member of the sterner sex. . It
is a phase of the same feeling that
causes a gentleman to yield his seat
in a street car to a lady, although he
may be tired and have no reason to
think her leg-weary. The position is
perhaps not one to be upheld logically,
but belief in the principle is deeply im
planted.
• • •
The Rev. Frederick C. Lee of the Cal
ifornia M. E. Church preached last
Sunday a strong and practical sermon,
in which he paid attention to the mem
ber of society known as a criminal law
yer. It is a pleasure to agree with
what he says (concerning this person. I
do not think that a lawyer who takes
the case of an assassin whom he knows
to be guilty, and endeavors to clear
him by keeping out evidence, by abus
ing witnesses or twisting the law, is
one whit better than the assassin; but
I do think the pair should be hanged on
the same scaffold.
• • *
My good friend, Edward Cahill, a
Frenchman, as his name implies, has
been indulging in mixed metaphors. He
was inspired by the circumstance that
a babe had been ordered out of court,
charged with being a disturber of jus
tice. He, as the proprietor of a lot of
babes, objects. He wants to know if
the ordinary babe is calculated to make
justice slip a cog. There is no answer
to this, as no parents ever yet have
confessed to the possession of an ordi
nary baby. Then he wants to know if
Justice sits so unsteady on her throne
that the hand of a child may upset her
ballast. I cannot conceive of Justice
slipping a cog and then sitting on a
throne and having her ballast upset.
If all these things happen to Justice she
will be in a bad way.
\* v v . • • •
Some person writing for an afternoon
sheet recently termed the dramatic
critic of The Call "Miss" Ashton Ste
vens. Splendid! Ha, ha! Ho, ho! This
was taken to be the climax of jest until
the same person in an unparalleled fit
of jocosity changed the designation to
"Mrs." Ashton Stevens. What a merry
wag! Meanwhile Mr. Stevens, as the
best dramatic critic of San Francisco,
goes on about his business precisely as
though nothing had happened. His
time is too much taken up to be di
verted to the rabble yipping at him,
but having a little leisure to-day, I
have ventured . to employ it to show
that their success in the attempt to be
funny has not gone unnoted. . . ;
• • • ■ ■' ■■. .■ ■ - f,\ \ t
Mrs. Dora Fuhrig seems to possess
many, of the essential elements of a
pestilence. There have been charged
against her lately the deaths of four
women, and urged on by his grief, the
husband of one of these victims has
taken his own life. Mrs. Fuhrig can
with propriety add him to her list of
triumphs. Just why offenders of the
Fuhrig type should be arrested is not
clear, • however. The process is never
more than an idle and expensive for
mality. To be suro, they ought to be
sent to prison for life, but to be sure,
they never are. On the contrary, they '
have no more need to be afraid of the
courts than has Piggott, the pocket
picking scoundrel, to whom arrest is
merely a Joke.
• • •
Expert evidence given by doctors ig
a weariness. When a physician of ex
perience views the wounds on a dead
body, and swears their result must
have been of a certain specific charac
ter, which he minutely describes, th»?
layman, naturally thinks the doctor
knows what he is talking about. Where
the mystery comes in is at the advent
.of the doctor swearing for the oth^r
side, and who from the same Bet of
facts deduces conclusions exactly con.
trary to those already pointed out. It
is impossible to avoid one of two be
liefs, neither of them to be entertained
with pleasure. One is that doctors are
painfully ignorant, and the other, that
there are members of the profession
willing to perjure themselves for hire.
This, has been demonstrated anew in
the Brandes murder trial, which from
the first has been conducted in a fash
ion reflecting no credit on the lawyers
for the defense. One set of experts is
certain that the child, Lillian Brandos,
died from the impact of blows on the
head, and that her body was subjected
to post-mortem hanging, none of the
visible effects produced by strangula
tion having been present. Another set
declares that the child hanged herself,
.and the bruises on her, head were not
caused by blows which in themselves
could have had serious effect. A third,
with rare intelligence, ascribes the un»
happy girl's taking off to pneumonia.
This last theory has peculiar features.
If she was a victim of this malady, did
she hang herself before or after? Had
death been due to natural causes, on
what hypothesis would any one have
subjected the little corpse to the indig
nity of suspension? As to the guilt of
the father, I hold an opinion which,
while the trial is in progress, there
would be perhaps indelicacy in express
ing. However, I do not believe that a
frail and suffering child often turns to
suicide for ; relief, nor that having died
from any cause, retains the ability or
desire to create a mystery by simulat
ing self-destruction. Supposing that
Lillian died of pneumonia and was
afterward discovered apparently stran
gled by suspension from the bedpost, it
is clear that the wretch who performed
this ghastly office thought himself or
herself the author of murder, and was
trying to hide the evidence. But com
ing back to. the subject' of experts,
there are , honest and able ones of
course. The difficulty is in selecting the
fools and liars and judiciously throwing
out their deceptive babble. >&?•.'
•- • *
That Kipling is recovering is a cause
for gratitude. The race could ill spare
him. To say that the Anglo-Saxon
people could not in the death of any
other individual sustain so great a loss
is merely to express a sentiment that
been voiced wherever the language
of which Kipling is master and magi
. clan has been spoken. For Kipling :is
By HENRY JAMES.
the genius of our age. Every genera
tion brings forth bright men, men or
talent and learning, who command re
spect and even veneration. Only the
centuries produce a genius. Christ was
one of these, a magnifi cent personality
who spoke with inspired wisdom, and
whose matchless teachings form the
safest, noblest guide to human conduct.
Shakespeare was a genius, writing as
though he drew upon the fount of ab
solute knowledge, inscribing imperisha- ;
ble lines, appalling mankind by the |
profundity of his intuitive learning. ,
Such men are not to be understood.
We merely accept them, thank God for
them, and wonder. Philosophy cannot
explain a Kipling. He is, and that is
all we know. His grasp of life is be
yond ordinary ken. The charm of his
pen enthralls. He builds a poem, and
the world beats time to its cadence.
He tells a story, and entranced we
watch the portrayal of emotions which
had thrilled us, but which we could not
define; of desire, aspiration, love, pat
riotism. He exalts the commonplace or
from the sublime strips the glamour.
He tells of the sea, and we hear the
beating of surf on a distant shore. He
tells of ships, and we listen to the throb
of thc-ir mighty engines, while the foam
flying from 'their prows as they cleave
the waves smites the very brow. He
tells of war, and the din of battle awes
us, the groans of the wounded break
the after silence, and before us there
spreads in fascinating horror a vision
of the dead. He tells of the beasts of
the junglo, and we perceive that the
secrets of the forest have been revealed
to him. He carries us from the tropics
to the northern floes, and we go with |
him content. Kipling towers above his
literary fellows a splendid giant. His
work has a mystic, marvelous touch
no other intellect now framed in mortal
clay can give, and the reader is aware
that through the august phrases of a
modern writer the Infinite is finding ex
pression.
* * •
I observe with pleasure that a man
who was engaged in robbing an eagle's
nest was attacked by the mother bird
and received some scratches. The rob
bing of nests always seemed to me on
a plane with the robbing of hen roosts.
• * •
The Rev. Charles Locke, for whom I
entertain a deep respect, says that a
Sunday law is necessary. Yet the peo
ple to whom he preaches would under
such a law have only the freedom to
worship that is already theirs, while
people outside the narrow world of
creed would not pay to such a law the
slightest attention. The reverend gen
tleman can sustain his position only
on the hypothesis that everybody
among the upright occupies the same
point of view as that from which he
studies the universe. Were this tru<:,
he would have no occasion to sus
tain it.
• * a
Captain John McCafferty has written
several columns about the situation at
Manila. Concerning this article there
are two strange things. One is that
any paper should have given it space,
and another, that anybody should have
read it, as I must confess having done.
The article possesses no value, unless
as a symptom of dyspepsia, and to be
regarded with interest from a medical
standpoint. I judge that the captain
while in the Philippines told the men
in authority how to run things, and
that they failed to be impressed.
«. • -
It is a shameful and sorry rirctim
stance that scandal should have come
out of the war with Spain, and that it
should have touched both the army and
navy. As to the army, there is a charge
that soldiers were fed on rotten meat.
The charge was brought by Major Gen
eral Miles. There is not the slightest
reason for believing he would have
brought it had he not been certain it
was true. He had nothing to gain by
making false accusations, but much to
lose. He had, save the respect of his
countrymen, nothing to gain by laying
bare the truth. The investigation which
has resulted has been from the first a
farce and a sham, directed not to the
ascertaining of facts, but to an effort
to besmirch Miles and protect his of
ficial superior and a lot of rascally con
tractors for whom hanging would be
too good. Since Miles has been tra
duced and belittled, it would be a fit
ting recompense were he to see the Sec
retary of War turned from office, and
there being no politics in this column, I
do not hesitate to say this is what the
Secretary deserves. During the Civil
War he was never a good soldier, an
unpalatable verity known to Milas, and j
in political life he has not been spot
less. As to the navy, Sampson and the
people behind him have so clearly been
trying to job Schley that Sampson
ought never to have been advanced an
other peg. He had been advanced sud
denly once over the heads of better
men, and he showed his appreciation by
trying to discredit those who calmly
submitted to the injustice and faith
fully strove to Perform their duties.
Sampson has been spoiled, and his
goody-good friend Long also causes
that tired feeling. Neither one could
pay a finer tribute to the exigencies of
the occasion than by resigning.
» • *
The police are being blamed for a
lack of effort to rescue a woman who
had attempted suicide by fyrning on !
the gas. I do not blame them in the
least. For my part I would consider
it a presumption to so much as turn
over my hand to prolong the life of
one who was anxious to die, unless
that person were near to me, and I
had reason to believe that to her or
him life would be sweeter than deatn.
I do not advocate suicide. It is tha
refuge of the coward, but when one haa j
striven vainly and long, and failed; j
when the best that nature bestowed ;
has been exerted without reward; when i
the future holds no promise and ths I
past is a procession of haunting regrets, j
I do not censure one who snuffs out
the candle, nor question the right to
venture a new existence for the exist
ence which has been a disappointment.
There are theories about life having
been divinely bestowed, and. so a sa
cred thing, but they do not appeal to
me. The majority of human beings
come into the world unwelcome. Ex
perience teaches them that they are
superfluous. They must fight or fall,
and the benign power which gave them
breath did not eflulp them for fighting.
There is no kindness in keeping in th«
world one who has grown weary of It,
and each must be judge in his own
case.
* * •
There was an editorial in this paper
a few days ago based upon the sup
position that the poppy had been Be-,
lected as the State flower. I regret to
say that the editor was writing if I
Say be allowed the figure, through hia
hat The poppy has no official exist
ence It is still a golden flame lighting
£c hills and valleys of California The
State ought to. have a flower. After
having secured this It need, a cerea
a vegetable and a fruit. Then .it will
be fixed I would suggest that the
poppy come forward again for the first
place For the cereal let us have
wheat; for the vegetable the immortal
potato, flanked by a cabbage and dec
orated with radishes and sprouts. Then
there is no finer fruit than the prune,
the delicious, leathery prune which car
ries joy into every boarding house,
gives the humorist a chance for funny
business and brings the grower a good
price, excepting in the years he has a
crop. If he happen to have a crop, of
course he does not expect anything for
it These are merely suggestions. Pos
sibly a legislator might find more Im
portant topics, but with the great State
of California fairly yearning to have a
flower of its very own. certainly a
break in the direction indicated may
be looked for. and there is no reason
why it should stop at the flower.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
J. H. Mansfield of Chico Is at the Orartii.
W. C. Good, a Santa Rosa fruit packer,
is at the Grand.
Frank Dowdy, a Oilroy stock raiser, is
staying at the Russ.
B. C. MoClellan. a civil engineer of Re
no, is staying at the Lick.
W. A. Hnwrll, County Clerk of Bakers
fleld, is a guest at the Lick.
F. C. Mahony and wife of St. Paul,
Minn., are guests at the Occidental.
\V. W. Mlddlecoff, a Stockton attorney,
is making the Lick his headuarters.
S. J. Scott and D. D. Knapp. business
men of Porterville, are located at the
Grand.
C. R. Gilbert, a prominent merchant of
Los Angeles, is one of the arrivals ar the
California.
Senator J. H. Seawell. the well-known
attorney and politician of Ukiah, is lo
cated at the Grand.
John Sparks. **a cattleman of Reno and
owner of extensive cotton plantations in
Texas, is registered at the Palace.
W. D. Sewall of Bath, Maine, son of
Arthur Sewall. who was the Democratic
candidate for Vice President with Bryan,
is at the Palace. lie is interested in ship
building with his father.
Rev. M. P. O'Connor, a parish priest of
Harrison. N. J., has come to this coast on
a pleasure trip and is a guest at the Pal
ace. He will celebrate mass in St. Pat
rick's Church this morning at S o'clock.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 4.— V. H. Perrin ot
San Francisco is at the Grenoble.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. March 4. — Senator
White leaves to-morrow for New York
City, where he will be engaged for several
days on legal business, and will then leave
direct for I.os Angeles. Senator Perkins
will leave for Oakland direct in a day or
two. Judge Maguire will spend a few
days in New York, will return here for a
day or two and then leave for San Fran- ,
Cisco. Mr. T.oud will remain here several
weeks on postal business. Representative
Castle has already departed for home.
Mr. de Vries goes in about a -week. He
wants to try and get work on the Stock
ton postoffice started before he leaves.
Victor Metcalf "wfll remain several days.
J. D. Spreckels and ex-Senator Felton are ■
at the Hotel Walton, Philadelphia. Mr.
Felton will remain some time in Philadel
phia. Mr. Spreckels will return to San
Francisco via New York in a few days.
A CHARITY BAZAAR.
Coming Fete by the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society.
The Catholic Ladies' Aid Society will
hold a grand charity bazaar in Native
Sons' Hall on Mason street, near Post,
| about the last of April. Tliis is the first
appeal of the society to the public, but
the great demands for aid on ita funds
have necessitated this call In the cause
of benevolence.
The ladies in charge of the affair are
arranging many novel and pleasing feat
ures, such as a tea garden framed of
bamboo and covered with tropical vines.
This pretty Oriental corner will be pre
pided over by Miss Blanche Dean and
Mrs. D. F. Jtagan. Miss Mary Ford and
a bevy of assistants will people a floral
bower, while Mrs. C. Oasassa will super
intend a splendidly arranged luncheon de
partment. In this the menu of each day
will include soups, salads, roast and
boiled meats, vegetables and desserts.
Mrs. Casassa will be assisted by Mrs. Ed^
ward O'Neil, Mrs. M. J. Kelly and Miss
Margaret Curtis, the grand secretary of
the Aid Society.
There will be a large number of valua
ble articles disposed of by ticket. on»
being a lot 40x100 feet, in the Santa Maria
del Mar tract at Santa Cruz. It is sit
uated near the hotel and is a pleasant
place of residence.
A GRAIN PORT.
Santa Fe Road Will Establish One at
Point Richmond.
One result of the conference held In this
city by the Santa Fe officials is the deci
sion to make Point Richmond a great
wheat port on the same linos as that of
the Southern Pacific at Port Costa. The
point has many natural advantages for
the object intended, as it is on the open,
bay>and ships will be able to come direct*,
ly up to the warehouses. The elevation of
the point is such that grain-laden cars
may have their freight discharged by
gravity into the holds of the ships.
No plans have as yet been devised in
regard to the proposed improvement, but
contracts have been let for the removal of,
nearly 3W.000 cubic yards of earth from'
the hills to he used aa a foundation for
future ferry buildings. The contract was
let to Poley Bros. & Muir, who have sub
let it to James McMahon. A camp has
been established on the top of the point,
and forty men have been put to work.
A piledriver will begin the construction
of the trestle far the embankment across
the cove to the north and a steam shovel
will load the earth and rock into dump
cars running along the trestle. With this
steam shovel at work progress will b»
much more rapid than it has been.
Lecture on Human Cruelty.
The Rev. T. A. Caraher will deliver the
third discourse of the series being: held
under the auspices of the Calvarian So
ciety at 3 o'clock this afternoon at St.
Mary's Cathedral. His subject and text
will be "Human Cruelty"— "Then, there
fore Pilate took Jesus and scourged
him," and the soldiers, platting a crown
of thorns, put it up on his head with a
reed, and they did spit upon him" fSt.
John, xix:l-2..) There will also bo the
"\Vay of the Cross" and benediction.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
NO FREEZE.
"I think it would be well." said the
decorator, "to have your dining room
bordered by a frieze."
"No no," remonstrated the man who
had only recently struck it. "I want that
room, above all others, to have a warm
cozy appearance."— Philadelphia North
American.
California Limited,
Santa Fe Route. Leaves Sundays, Tuesday*
and Fridays. Elegant service. Vestibuled
sleepers, observation cars. Harvey's Dining
Cars through from California to Chicago with
out change. Get full particulars at company*
office. 628 Market sL •ADVERTISEMENTS.
-G-0-9-Q-6-* % 9 o 0-»-»-e-e-6-a-e » a o •-
ten carloads
of furniture
come to oMosMo •
"the big store in the Mission."
the big store covers nearly two acres ; you have
no idea how big it is until you see it ; it's an easy-
to-get-at store, for all cars of the Mission-street line
and Fillmore-street cars specially pass the door ; it's
a safe store, for everything is marked in plain figures ;
it's a store with a reputation worth protecting.
we start a huge sale : prices I=3 off !
furniture bought direct from the
huge factories of Grand Rapids, Michi-
gan, the largest in the world.
PARLOR 27 Roman chairs, with
FCRMTURE. polished finish frame, up-
holstered in French silk damask, assorted
colors. Sale price 91.50
60 rockers in this great sale, worth up to $6.
Tour pick 93.50
25 odd easy chairs, no two pieces alike,
most of them part of our three-piec> par-
lor suits, upholstered in fine silk damask,
usually 112 50 to $13 50 9»
10 couches, hi rich durable tapestries,
tufted, thoroughly reliable. Sale price..
; 911.75
Combination desk and bookcase in fine
polish mahogany finish, hand carved, two
drawers and cupboard below desk, height
5 feet 9 inches, width 3 feet 6; regularly
sold at $IS. Sale price 913.50
Library table, round top, mahogany finish,
with elegant claw feet (about half price)
f}).l£^
Handsomely carved oak hall table 9!>
Solid mahogany parlor table, French de-
eign. Inlaid top and sides: regularly $23.
Sale price 915
Empire parlor table In mahogany 97 ,
BEDDING. 6-lt) pair pure live roose
feather pillows; regularly $5 93.50
California blankets, 11-4 size, all wool; usu-
ally $7 50 95
Elastic cotton mattresses, full size 95
BEDSTEADS. The newest, in metal,
with roll tops, now on exhibition. We
offer an enameled bed for 92.00
}lATTRE«SES "We make thera our-
selves and guarantee quality.
Pure hair mattresses. 3.". pounds weight,
■ made to your order, choice of best sateen
ticklrg, in one or two parts; usually sold
for $20. Complete for 915
Extra quality of long white hair, as above..
••••...••••••••••••-•••••••■••••••"•••••"'"•"^^
CURTAINS. Cluny lace curtains, with
net centers: regular price was $3 75/ 54 50.
<- $7 50 and $10 a pair. Go at 92.50,
93. 93.50, 95 and 97.50 a pair. !
Brus-els lace curtains, with fast edges, full
wMth ar 3>-i yards long: the regular
price wa= $6. 17 50. $10 and $15 a pair. Go
at 94 95 »<*. sO and *IO a pair." ;
Real Renaissance lace curtains, full width,
full lenjrth \*"=* make: the regular price
wait S-, $7 50 $10. $15. $30 and $30 a pair.
Go at 93.50. 95.50, #7, 99. #12 and
18 a pair. '
Pattosien's,
a store a little out of the way, but well worth knowing. <
Sixteenth Street and Mission-
send for Illustrated catalogue-free to out-of-the-eity people.
MADE FOES OF
SURLY CONVICTS
* Why Guard Shields Was
Discharged.
PROTESTS HIS INNOCENCE
DID NOT AID IU THE SAN
QTJENTIN PLOT.
{The Disgraced Official Says He Was
Ousted on the Word of Crim
inals Whom He Had
Disciplined.
Sp«clal Dispatch to Th« Call.
(R7ISUN, March 4.— James F. Shield?,
who was discharged from his position
as guard at San Quentin and against
whom serious charges were made by
Convict Cooper, implicating him in the
smuggling: of firearms to eight convicts
wjio had plotted to escape, denied the
allegation to-day. He also denied the
accusations connecting him with the
emuggling of opium.
"The 'dope' story," said Shields,
• "was the result of malice on the part
of a Russian convict named Decker,
who had threatened to do me up."
Shields says he observed a convict
named Jackson throw a knife into a
pit. He called his partner's attention
to it. They went to the pit and found
the knife. Decker interfered with the
guards and was struck across the head
with a cane. The convict vowed venge
ance and later started the opium
•tory respecting Shields. Warden Hale
■aid he could not take the convict's
word. Shields, however, was- removed
from the mill and given a position as
second night watchman.
Coming to the second accusation,
Shields said:
"I went to bed at ten minutes past
5 on thp night the supposed plot was
to be carried out. I remained there un
til the call to go to work. At the gate
I was accosted by Warden Hale, Cap
tain Edgar and Captain Birlem. On
getting inside Hale asked me to go to
his office, where he Informed me Con
vict Cooper had implicated me in the
taking of firearms . to the convicts,
cooper said I had taken some pistols
and cartridges on Wednesday evening
and that I had more on my person that
night. I denied the statement and
asked Hale to search me. Later Cap
tain Birlem and Frank Arbogast came
in and together they searched me. and
+ verything in my room, finding nothing
.. hatever to corroborate Cooper's blase
ness and lying story."
Shields contends there is not a scin
tilla of incriminating evidence against
him and will demand an investigation
b«fore the board next Saturday. He is ]
furniture sold in all cases at much
less than you pay down town, because
our operating expenses are about one-
tenth what downtown heavily rented
stores must have.
CARPET Body Brussels, "Wiltons, Ax-
-BALE. minsters, Moquettea offered by
a house whose word is to be relied upon.
Best Sanford & Roxbury Brussels carpets.
all the new styles. Per yard 75c
10 rolls of Tapestry Brussels carpet; sold
regularly for 60c. To close at sOc
Velvet carpet, fine selection of new de-
signs: worth $1 15. Per yard 9.1
Ingrain carpet, extra quality 3.> c
Linoleum, big range of patterns, latest
styles. Per yard 35c
RUGS. Fine "Wilton and Bromley re-
versible rugs.
"Wilton rugs, 6x3 lii'.vXA
g 3x10:8 912.50
9x12 Inches 915
200 Smyrna rugs, size 30x60 Inches; regular
$2 25. Now 91.45
Bromley rugs. 9 feet long by 6 feet wide...
:.. .97.50
7 feet 6 Inches wide by 10 feet 6 Inches
lon<? • ■ • 91 1
12 feet long by 9 feet wide 914.25
MATTING This will be a record-break-
ing sale In desirable China and Japan
mattings, because values equal tn these
have never been offered before at these
prices:
Short ends of matting— remainders of
1 pieces that sold as high as 40c a yard.
To close 1• »c
1200 yards 20c to 30c quality mattings. To
close, per yard luc
1600 yards 3oc to 50c quality. To close, per
yard 2 c
LINOLEUM. All quoted here is four
yards wide and in four grades: it's Bla-
bon's linoleum, known the world over:
A grade, regular $1 10. Now square yard..
Ksc
Be-radeVfeguiar 90c. Now square yard..
75c
C grade, regular 80c. Now square yard..
<» o
D grade, regular 70c. Now square yard..
; ° i)i>C
REPAIRING Two entire floors of
A>"D the building adjoin-
rPHOLSTERINO. ing our Sixteenth-
street front are devoted exclusively to the
manufacture of couches, parlor furniture
and mattresses and repairing and upholster-
In? workrooms. Our wagons call for and
deliver all reoair work. Also hair mat-
tresses remade. Estimates furnished.
confident of the results of an investiga
tion which will exonerate him from the
grave allegations.
JUST A SCHEME
TO CREATE OFFICES
Proposed County Government Act Is
Denounced by Citizens of
Santa Clara.
SAN JOSE, March 4.— The new county
govf-rnment act now pending before the
State Legislature is the most unpopular
measure ever introduced for the supposed
benefit of the residents of Santa Clara
Valley. At the meeting of the Farmers'
Club this afternoon it was denounced as
a vicious measure Intended only to fleece
the taxpayers and make fat places for
politicians. Its adoption means an addi
tional expense of $40,000 to $50,000 a year
in the running of the county.
The following resolutions were unani
mously adopted:
"Resolved, By the Santa Clara County
Farmers' Club that whereas certain
vicious legislation is proposed under the
county government act affecting the most
~<tal interests of Santa Clara County,
.tiich we regard as an attempt to rob
Se taxpayers of many thousands of dol
.ars a year in the appointment of a lot
of unnecessary officers and a removal of
the safeguards surrounding the letting of
contracts; and
"Whereas, The attempted robbery is
being tried under cover of an omnibus
act affecting the whole State, but par
ticularly applying to counties of the
fourth class, of which Santa Clara is the
only one; and
"Whereas. Said measure has passed the
lower house of the Legislature; be it
therefore
"Resolved. That our honorable Senators
Shnrtridge and Morehouse are hereby re
quested to use all means In their power
to frustrate this attempt at robbery; and
be It further
"Resolved. That a committee be ap
pointed to visit Sacramento to aid In this
A committee of three will go to Sacra
mento to fight the measure. Morehouse is
fathering the portion referring to Santa
Clara County and he is being severely
condemned.
The Santa Clara County Grajige and
Republican Good Government League
adopted equally strong resolutions.
FIVE YOUNG WOMEN
PURSUE A THIEF
Encompass the Capture of the Cul
prit After an Extended
Chase.
SANTA CRUZ, March 4.— Pedestrians
on a street in the residence portion of the
city were this afternoon treated to the
spectacle of a burglar being pursued by
five young women, who eventually en
compassed his capture. The fellow at
tempted to enter A. Jennings' residence,
anoSwas detected by a young woman liv
ing in an adjoining house. She hastened
to give the alarm, but the only persons
she could find were four others of her
sex. The five pluckily started out to cap
ture the burglar. As they approached the
culprit took to his heels, and they fol
lowed at the top of their speed. After a
couple of blocks had been traversed the
burglar, in turning a corner, ran plump
into the arms of two men, who grappled
with him and held him. He was turned
over to a policeman, who landed him in
the city prison. \Vh<n the fellow was
searched there was found in his possession
a number of skeleton keys and tools used
in his profession.
The subscription price of the Daily Re
port has been reduced to 25 cents per
month, delivered" by carrier; single
copies at the office. One Cent; the Report
thus becomes the pioneer one-cent daily
paper in San Francis©*. *
THE SA!N" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
EXPANSION AND THE CONSTITUTION.
i I To the Editor of the San Francisco
j Call: Tour correspondent, Henry
James, in The Call of last Sunday, dis
putes the soundness of my opposition
1I to expansion in Asia, May I trespass
> on your space to the extent of a reply?
Mr. James does not contend that the
acquisition of the Philippines, either as
! a colony or as national territory, is
within the terms or the implications of
! the Federal constitution. Following the
! lead of Sir Boyle Roche in the Irish
; Parliament, in reference^o the unwrit
i ten British constitution, Tie recognizes
! the conflict but coolly brushes the en
tire instrument aside. "The constitu
tion," he tells us, "wafi formed under
stress of circumstances which have
passed away, to meet the requirements
iof people who have long been dust.
Wise and glorious as the document is
; I do not see how it could at that time
I have been so contrived as to fill the
! needs of generations then unborn — to
f^eal with situations of which no states
: man had the remotest dream." If this
I be true then the constitution has been
I "outgrown," and it would be interesting
; to ascertain under what form of gov
| ernment we live. The preamble says
that the constitution is ordained and
i established, among other things, "to
| secure the blessings of liberty to our
: selves and our posterity." For one hun
! dred and twelve years the American
! people have supposed that our Federal
| Government was a constitutional re
■ public. The Civil War was waged upon
, the theory that the "more perfect
j union" established by the constitution
could not be disrupted at the will of
one or more of the States, and that se
! cession had no legal justification.
The first official act of this Govern
i ment, of which I am aware, that not
I only disregarded the terms of the con
| stitution but the Declaration of Inde
pendence was the acceptance of the
claim of Spain to the Philippines, after
she had been dispossessed, as vesting
title in the United States and transfer
ring to us the allegiance of the Fllipi
j nos, the natives, and in the substantial
j occupation of the country. During our
I Revolutionary War the rights of the in
habitants of the thirteen colonies to
i government by their own consent, to
i the correlatives of taxation and repre
| sentation, and to the enjoyment of "life,
I liberty and the pursuit of happiness,"
in their own way, were not only main
! tamed by themselves on the land and
I on the sea, but, in the face of King
| George and his ministry, with Lord
North as Premier, were proclaimed in
i the British Parliament by Chatham and
' by Burke, whose devotion to liberty has
i been wrought into the American mind
I by our common schools and celebrated
; on Independence Day in every State and
Territory of the Union. These are the
rights that were entrenched in the Fed
' eral constitution and the solecism of
acknowledging them as "inherent" in
the whites and yet denying them to the
blacks was the real cause of the blood
-1 iest internal struggle that ever con
j vulsed a nation. When that struggle
' ended, with the preservation of the
Union under the constitution, now hap
pily cemented by the concurrence of
! the whole people, it was our proudest
! boast that in this continental republic
freedom, equality before the law and
the representative principle existed in
■ absolute uniformity, and that wherever
i the constitution extended and the flag
waved the sovereignty of man, without
"^distinction of color or race, was an ac
complished and an unalterable fact.
The miserable pretense of som,e illogical
expansionists that holding within the
Union our fellow citizens of the South
against their temporary will is a pre
i cedent for the coercion of ten millions
of alien Filipinos into the acceptance j
of our control is the use of a false an
alogy that any school boy can expose
' and could be employed to justify the
'■ arbitrary enforcement of our rule upon
\ every community, civilized and barbar
i ous upon the face of the globe. bo
monstrous a doctrine would convert our
Government into the freebooter of na
! tions and would establish a tyranny,
I re«ting on militarism, more intolerable
than any despotism that history has
condemned. ,
Under our constitution the develop
ment of the United States, most effect
ually proved by the statistics of 1898.
has surpassed all the achievements ot
the past. And yet this is the instru
ment that Mr. James declares to have
been "formed under the stress of cir
cumstances" and to be impotent "to
me^t the needs of generations then un
born," or "to deal with situations, for
example, such as the short war with
Spain has produced. Like all other ex
pansionists of the present imperialistic
or Asiatic annexation type, Mr. James
fails to perceive the distinction between
immutable principles and varying con
ditions. The moral law is not a penal
code, but it has remained the same
since the days of Moses. The Ameri
can constitution is not a legislative^ Ni
cest but a grant of power adapted to
the combined necessities of a nation
and resting upon fixed principles that
are as eternal as the soul of man. If
thp Declaration of Independence was
not a tissue of falsehoods it applies as
Inexorably to the Filipinos in Asia as
it did to the colonists in America. If
King George had no right to bombard
the heroes of the Revolution into sub
mission to his arbitrary authority then
we have no right to dominate the Fili
pinos by shot and by shell. Indeed
the attitude of King George was more
plausible than our own, because the
thirteen colonies sprang from British
stock and had been for generations
under the dominion of the British
crown whereas the Filipinos are alien
to us in race, in history and in govern
ment, and the only pretext we have for
the acquisition of the Philippines is
that we purchased them from Spain,
against whose authority, in exatt cor
respondence with our own political
theory, the Filipinos had persistently
rebelled. If the expansionists are right
the founders of this republic w-ere
wrong and our constitutional system"
should be replaced by British expedi
ency that protects liberty at home and
administers imperialism abroad.
But if it be true that our constitution
Is too circumscribed for the conditions
with which we are now confronted
then it would seem that it must be
formally repudiated. We are not in a
state of anarchy, and while our present
government lasts, as it has no legal
existence except under the constitution,
that national charter must be respected.
Tt Drovldes a mode of amendment, but
it does not provide for its own destruc
tion, and as it is legally operative over
every foot of soil that belongs to the
United States and as it embraces no
powers that are not expressed or neces
«arilv implied, then, short or long, ter
n! nora'rv or durable, unless it confers
some 'authority for Asiatic extension
the retention and administration of the
Philippines would be a sheer usurpa
i tion The dilemmas in which the Amer-
i can people would be entangled by the
i fluctuating demands of the expansion
ists are so numerous and so intricate
' that they will have either to be cut by
! the sword of imperialism or settled by
• the strong arm of American citizenship.
So much for the views of Mr. James
on the constitution. When he refers to
i Washington, the anniversary of whose
i birth was this year celebrated with
I more than ordinary enthusiasm, he is
i equally unfortunate. To the "Father of
I his Country" he attributes a "magnifi
cent personality," but as he never rode
on a trolley or a railroad and had not
been prophetically educated in the mod-
I crn applications of electricity, we are
! informed that, although "not a back
i number," "his ashes are not up to
j date." If Washington was not scien
-1 tlflcaUy Inspired at least he had a pro
phetlc vision for his country and an
ticipated and endeavored to counteract
the retrogressive tendencies of the ex
pansionists. He and his compatriots
framed a new form of government and
produced the conditions that, without
treachery to its principles, assured its
permanence. But Washington foresaw
that a time might come when there
would be a concerted effort to revert
to the repudiated type of governraentt
that originated in divine right, the an
tithesis of the sovereignty of man, that I
characterized the middle ages. His
fears have been justified, for it is not
some new advance, not discovered when
our constitution was formed, that the i
expansionists p jpose, but a reversion j
to the substance, perhaps to the very
forms, that, in his double capacity of
General and President, Washington so
largely aided to overthrow. It is for
tunate that the last celebration in
honor of his memory proved that "even
In his ashes live their wonted fires,"
for the theme of most of those who con
tributed to the education of the dai i
was the maintenance and the perpe
tuity of the American republic, -with it*,
cornerstone unchanged. "And whoso
ever shall fall on this stone shall be
broken; but on whomsoever it shall fall
it will grind him into powder." Our
country is not yet to be turned Into an
imperial missionary, spreading Ameri
can civilization with navies and armies |
among benighted Asiatics, or marching j
arm in arm with Great Britain toward j
universal dominion.
A few of the other suggestions of Mr.
James grew out of the basic miscon- r
ception to which I have alluded v For j
example he doubts whether Solomon ;
would have made a satisfactory presi- j
dent of the Stanford University. That |
admirable Institution is fortunate In J
the possession of a president who is at j
least on the road to greatness, but if
It* were deprived of his services I think
he would agree with me that a resus
citated Solomon would make an excel- j
lent substitute, who would probably
learn the new facts that Mr. James con- i
founds with principles with unusual ;
facility. He would be likely also, as he i
grasped the projects of American ex
pansionists, to repeat his declaration !
that "there is nothing new under the I
sun," and to disagree with Mr. James j
about the inapplicability of the pre
cedent of republican Rome. And al
though it might take some months or
years for Washington to master the in
ventions of a century, if he revived it
Is my deliberate opinion that he would |
make a greater President than ever, i
With due reverence I would rather see
him sitting on President McKinley
than, as represented by a New York
pictorial. President McKinley sitting on j
him. However, there is probably no I
occasion for either to sit on the other,
as I have yet to learn that our present
chief magistrate is infected with the
imperial delirium, which is also rapidly
dying out among the loyal citizens of
the country.
I appreciate the courtesy and the \
graphic terseness of Mr. James, but I :
still remain an American, wedded to tho ;
constitution and politically tied to this ;
continent, while rejoicing at the com- j
mercial prospect that, if we are true to i
ourselves, no European combinations
will obscure.
HENRY E. HIGHTON.
San Francisco, March 2, 1599.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CREMATION'-W. X.. City. The casket
is not burned with the body at a crema
tion. The body is divested of clothing,
wrapped in a cloth saturated with an
alum solution and then placed in the fur
nace to become ashes.
A LEGAL, QUESTION— J. M.. Surf, Cal.
The question in your letter of inquiry Is
one that calls for a lepal opinion upon a
presentation of the facts, and this depart
ment does not undertake to give legal
opinions involving the rights of individ
uals.
GOD TEMPERS THE WIND—M . E. 8.,
Walnut Creek, Cal. "God tempers the
wind to the shorn lamb" is from "Maria,"
by Laurence Sterne, who lived 1713-1768.
In 1594, 119 years before the birth of
Sterne, Henri E.stienne wrote in "Prem
ices": "Dieu mesure te frold a la brebis
tondue" ("God measures the cold to the
shorn lamb").
PARKS OF THE WORLD— A. S., City.
There are a number of parks in the world
larger than Golden Gate Park in San
Francisco. The following is a list of th«
principal parks of the world, together
with their area: Golden Gate Park, 108S
acres; Regent's Park, London, 450; Le
8018 de Boulogne, Paris, 2100; Phoenix
}'ark, Ireland. 17WI; the Prater, at Vienna,
2300; Royal Park, Munich. 1300; Queen's
Park, Edinburgh. 407; Central Park. New
York, Bfi2; Fairmount Park, Philadel
phia. 2740; Prospect Park, Brooklyn,
X. V.. 550; Boston Commons, 4S, and pub
lic gardens adjoining, 21Vi; Jefferson
Park, Chicago. 586; Tower Grove, St.
Louis, 277; Kden Park, Cincinnati, 216;
Yosemite National Park, 40 square miles,
and Yellowstone National Park, 3312
square miles.
NOT KNOWN— T. M., City. This de
partment answers all questions to which
an answer is obtainable. The address of
the party asked for by you some time
ago was. not furnished because it could
not be ascertained. Had you written
your name instead of initials to your let
ter of inquiry and your address a letter
by mall would have been sent you. But
you did neither, and write a second letter
complaining that your query was not an
swered. The question was one that any
one might ask, and there was no reason
for concealing the identity of the writer
by Initials. Often it happens that this
department has to communicate with a
correspondent on the subject of an inquiry
made, but when only initials are given
and the address is not furnished it is Im
possible to do sck
ADVERSE POSSESSION— H. M., San
Mateo, Cal. In relation to adverse pos
session In this State the law says:
For the purpose of constituting an adverse
possession by a person claiming title, not
founded upon a written Instrument, Judgment
or decree, land Is deemed to have been pos
sessed and occupied In the following manner
only: First— Where it has been protected by a
substantial enclosure. Second — Where It has
been usually cultivated or Improved. Pro
vldfd. however, that In no case shall adverse
l«.sse?sifin be considered established under the
provision of any of the sections or section of
this code, unless It shall be shown that the
land has been occunled and claimed for the
period of five years continuously, and the party
or persons, their predecessors and grantors,
have iai(\ all the taxes, State, county or muni
cipal which have been levied and assess upon
suth land.
In the case cited in the letter of Inquiry
it appears that the owner of the land has
never given up possession thereof and
that the tenant is a tenant at will, and
may, on -thirty days' notice, be required
to vacate. The condition upon which the
tenant became possessed of the property
would in all probability, if the case should
come into court, not change the position
of tenant at wlll^
VOTING MACHINE— Reader. San Jose,
Cal. No State has} yet adopted a voting
machine, though in several sections of the
country there have been experiments in
a small way with machines. One of the
most satisfactory that has been tried of
late years is that Invented by John W.
Raines of St. Paul, Minn., which he calls
a votograph. It is provided with a set
of keys of one color for the Republican
party, one of another color for the Dem
o cratic party and there may be aa many
different eets of colored keys as there
are parties. There Is a space for the par
ticular office and another for the names
of candidates for that office. The voter
presses down one of the keys to Indicate
his choice for a candidate, and as he does
so it locks the keys of all candidates for
the same office, so that there cannot be
any repeating. As the vote is cast for
the candidate the total number of votes
is registered, so that at the close of the
polls, when the machine Is opened the to
tal number of votes cast for each candi
date appears and inside of ten minutes
after the machine is opened the result of
the vote can be announced. Another fea
ture is that when the voter nas voted for
all he wishes to the machine is locked,
and can only be reset for the next voter
when the voter has left the booth. Those
who have an Interest for purity of elec
tion demand a machine that will be per
fect and simple, so that a voter will not
bo confused when votinr.
FASTEST MILE
MADE AWHEEL
Fournier'sTandem Low
ers All Records.
GOES THE DISTANCE IN 1:35.
! EXCITING RACES ON THE SAN
JOS- TBACK
Furman of Loa Angeles Takes the
Measure of Hardy Downing
in che One-Mile Han
-1 dicap.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 4.— The bicycle
racers stormed the town to-day, and
j the Garden City gave up to them with*
j out a murmur. The occasion was the
opening of a big two days' meet at Cy
clers' Park, and all the cracks who
'have recently been competing in San
Francisco are here to contest for honor
and money.
The races began at 2 o'clock In the
afternoon. The event of the day was
a ten-mile match race between Orlando
I I. Stevens of lowa and Harry M. Gib
son of Cincinnati. Stevens was paced
by Fournier's "infernal machine" and
j Gibson by two triplets and three tan
! deme. Fournier, by sitting almost
' upright on his motor machine, was abie
to shield Stevens almost entirely from
the wind, and this advantage was so
great in Stevens' favor that he caught
and passed Gibson after they had rid
i den three miles. Stevens kept right on,
and Gibson also stuck bravely to his
work, although he must have known it
was a losing game. Stevens was paced
so fast, however, that in the seventh
mile he again passed his opponent.
Gibson's pacemakers then tacked on
behind Stevens and held their man
even for another mile, the order being
Fournier's machine, then Stevens, Gib
son's triplet pacing machine, then Gib
son. The pace was a little too hot for
"Michael No. 2," however, and on the
ninth lap Gibson faltered, losing his
pace and falling back a half lap. Ste
vens never failed and held the killing
pace to the end, finishing strong.
Stevens won the jnatch and the purse,
his time for the ten miles being
' 19:38 2-5. Gibson finished the full dis
tance, though beaten two laps. Stevens
rode every mile in less than two min
utes.
The one-mile handicap professional
event was run in three heats and a
final, and proved very interesting, as
nearly all the cracks were entered. In
the first heat the starters were Teddy
Goodman, 15 yards; William Furman,
25; AJ Weinig, 40; Charles Turville, 75; !
j and Charles S. Wells, 90. Furman is in ;
I fine condition and when the sprint came
! he was right there, winning from Wells
'• in a dashing ride. Goodman was third :
; and Weinig fourth. Time, 2:37.
In the second heat were Jay Eaton on
! scratch; Hardy Downing, 15 yards;
! John Chapman, 30; Earl D. Stevens, 35;
j and Henry Pilkington. 135. Eaton punc
j tured his tire on the second lap and
', was out of it. The back mark men
! would not exchange pace and conse- j
! quently Pilkington virtually walked in.
! Time, 2:23 2-5. Downing had no diffi
culty in disposing of the others for sec
ond place and Stevens took third.
The third heat was the most ioterest
-1 ing and proved the fastest of the three.
I The starters were Iver Lawson, 20
i yards; Frank Cotter, 25; Tom Barna-
I by, 35; Ed Leonart, 35; Fredericks, 75;
Nawn, 60; Clem Turville, 100. By ex
changing pace Cotter and Lawson soon
I cut down the leaders, and, once in
front, won as they pleased in the order
named, Leonart taking third and Tur
ville fourth. Time, 2:11 1-5.
The starters in the final heat were
Furman, Wells, Pilkington, Downing,
Cotter, Lawson and Leonart. Wells
; and Pilkington paced each other from
the long handicaps, and Cotter did the
donkey work for the back mark men,
hoping to pull through his team mate,
Downing. According to schedule, Cot
ter dropped out on the last lap, and |
Downing forged ahead, but they had •
failed to count on "Big Bill" Furman j
! of the Bay City Wheelmen, and Iver |
Lawson and Eddie Leonart. These
three were still "in it," and, passins
Wells and Pilkington on the last turn,
the quartet forged ahead and fought it
out down the home stretch, Furman
' winning, Downing second, Lawson
j third and Leonart fourth. The time
'. was 2:10.
Mons. Henri Fournier of Paris and
' Tom Barnaby of Boston brought out
' Fournier's famous motor tandem for
an exhibition mile. Fournier could not
make much speed out of his tandem on
the San Francisco track, owing to the
difficulty of controlling it on the short
turns, but on the big track here it was
easy, and they covered the mile in the
astonishing time of I:3S, which is the
I fastest mile ever ridden on a track in
California on a bicycle, horse or any
thing that doesn't run on rails. The
performance was warmly applauded.
The starters in the Australian pur
suit race were: Downing-Cotter, Chap-.
I man-Furman, Turville-Goodman. Ju»
! lius-Lawson and Fredericks-Nawn. The
nature of the race was that the teams
should start at five different points on
the track and ride until one team had
overtaken and passed all the others.
The race was very exciting and for a
while the men remained equally as far
apart as when they started. Finally,
after three miles riding, Fredericks and
Nawn caught Goodman and Turville
and the latter team at once quit. Fred
ericks and Nawn then went after
Downing and Cotter and caught them
after a mile chase, passing Furman
and Chapman in the meantime. They
then had left only Lawson and Julius
to overtake, but the latter team did not
give in so easily. In fact both teams
were strong, all four riders being re
cent contestants in the six-day race In
San Francisco and well conditioned for
I a long, hard ride. On the back stretch
Fredericks and Nawn met with a mis
hap, however, puncturing their front
tire and they had to give it up, much
to their disgust. Julius and Lawson
passed them and finished the ride up
to six miles, which they did in 12:21. a
new world's record for the distance,
the best previous time being 12:54.
The officials of to-day's meet were:
President of the day— Dr. F. Schumaker.
Referee— Floyd McFarland.
Judgrs-Geofge Osen. J. W. Macauley.
Thoma-* Thwaites. Grant Bell.
Timers-Wilbur. J. Edwards. H. Spring,
J A Desimone. Thomas McGeoghan.
Starter— Chief Kirtward.
Scorer _Ed Williston.
Clerk— R. J- Butler.
Announcer-Wilbur F. Knapp.
The events for to-morrow are as fol
lows:
One hundred mile race, for a purse of
$1000— First $250. second $200. third $150,
fourth $100, fifth $50, sixth $25- $100 to the
man scoring the most laps. ITS to tne sec
ond and $50 to the third. This will cer
tainly be a most interesting event, as
every lap will be a race. The entries are.
John Chapman. Tom Barnaby, Earl Ste
vens, Fredericks. Turville brothers. Wal
ler C. S. Wells, John Lawson, Oscar
Julius. Afhing-er. Burns Pierce. Nawn,
Aronson, Pilkington and Frank Cotter.
One mile, open, amateur— First heat, !
Edmund F. Russ, O. C. W.; W. J. David- j
eon. B. C. W.; W. G. Lonewell. B. C. W.J I
OVER WORK MAKES
WEAK KIDNEYS
Unhealthy Kidneys Make Impure Blood.
YOUR KIDNEY.S ARE YOUR BLOOD PURIFIERS.
A Prompt Way to Cure Yourself When Symptoms Show That
Your Kidneys Are Out of Order.
To Test the Wonderful Merits of the Great Modern
Discovery, Swamp- Root, Every ••Call" Reader
May Have a .Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
The way to be well is to pay attention j
to your kidneys.
They are the most important organs
of the body — the blood filters.
All the blood in your body passes
through your kidneys once every three
minutes.
The kidneys strain or filter out the .
Impurities in the blood— that is their j
work.
Purifying your blood is not a question
of taking a laxative or physic.
Does your blood run through your
bowels?
What the bowel-cleaner does Is to j
throw out the poisons confined in your j
bowels ready for absorption into your !
blood, but the poisons which are al- j
ready in your blood, causing your |
present sickness, it leaves there.
There is no other way of purifying
your blood except by means of your |
kidneys. ]
That is why bowel-cleanera fail to do j
their work— they forget the kidneys.
When you are sick, then, no matter
what you think the name of your dis
ease is. the first thing you should do is
to afford aid to your kidneys by using I
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great '
Kidney Remedy.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to nature, for Swamp-Root
is the most perfect healer and gentle
aid to the kidneys that is known to
medical science.
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent physician
and specialist, has attained a far- i
A. T. Smith. Acme.
Second neat— C. M. Smith. B. C. W.; B.
A. Bozio. Olympic: R. R. Robinson, S. F.
R ('.- Sylvester, unattached; H. D. Bean,
O. C. W.; Ed McNess, unattached.
Third heat— G. A. Tantau. O. C. W.; A.
Davidson B. C. W.; Holmes, T'n.: Charles
Ruesser, B. C. W.; Justice Young, Acme
-non. _
Five mile exhibition— By Monsieur Four
nier on his motor cycle.
One mile open championship, profes
sional, purse $150. J75, $25, first heat— Jay
Eaton Tver Luwsnn, Frank Cotter, Clem
Turvilie. Tom Barnaby, C. S. Wells
Second heat— Hardy Downing. Teddy
Goodman, John Chapman, Fritz Lacy,
Harry Merrill. Charles Turvilie.
Third heat-O. 1.. Stevens. William Fur
man. Al Weinig, Ed Leonart. C. R. Coul
ter, Bob Terrill, G. A. Wyman.
The city is full of cyclers to-night.
who have come from San Francisco and
other points to attend the races, and
th-' rooms of the Garden City Wheel
men are crowded with visitors.
FIGHTING A COMBINE.
Bakersfield Saloon Men Against Ice
Dealers.
BAKERSFTET/D. March 4.— A few days
ago three ice companies doing business
here— the National, the Union and the
San Jnaquin— formed a combine, put the
business under one management and
raised the price of ice 100 per cent. Now
the saloon men, about sixty in number,
have organized to buy ice from an inde
pendent firm at Stockton at a much lower
figure They will establish an ice depot
at the Valley road and ship over that line.
In time they will supply other consumers.
They will not patronize the combine under
any' circumstances. They ordered their
first carload to-night.
BLACK SPIDERS RICH ORE.
Averages Almost a Thousand Dollars
to the Ton.
REDDING, March 4.— The Black Spider
mine, west of Keswick. is shipping to the
smelter ore that averages almost $1000 a
ton. Ten tons just delivered yielded $8000.
The mine is owned by Scanlon & Bell of
Shasta. It was not regarded as a very
promising piece of property, but in per
forming the annual assessment work a
pay streak was encountered that is mak
ing the property a regular bonanza.
Music cabinets in mahogany or oak,
very low prices, at Mauvais", 769 Market.*
Oakland Handicap Decided.
NEW ORLEANS, March Weather
fine; track fast on the outside. Results:
Six furlongs, handicap. Prince Harry
won, Hobart second, Gold Fox third.
Time, 1:16&. „, _ ,
Four and a half furlongs, selling, Jake
Stern won, Johnny J second, Barney' 3
Last third. Time, :57%. . ;
One and a sixteenth miles, selling. Elkin
won, Vlctorine second, Friar John third. ;
Tlme..l:slU.
Oakland handicap. $1000, one and a quar- !
ter miles. Clay Pointer won. Donna Rita !
second. Ben Ronald third. Time, 2:11^.
One mile and seventy yards, selling, :
gentlemen riders. Egbart won, Glenmoyne
second. Protus third. Time. 1:54.
Seven furlongs, selling. Lillian Belle
won. Wood Ranger second, Prince of
Orange third. Time. 1:31.
■■ » ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with '
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission. !
■ ♦ « — ' ■
Mules for Hawaiian Plantations.
REDDING, March 4.— Hawaiian sugar
planters are in the California mar
ket for mules for plantation work. James
Snell of Fall River Valley, this county,
has gathered up a bunch of good, strong
young animals that are engaged for Dass
| famed reputation through the discovery
j and marvelous success of Swamp-Root
lin purifying the blood, and thereby
! curing chronic and dangerous diseases,
caused by sick kidneys, of which some
of the symptoms are given below.
Pain or dull ache in the back or head,
; rheumatism, neuralgia, nervousness,
I dizziness, irregular heart, sleeplessness,
sallow complexion, dropsy, irritability,
loss of ambition, obliged to pass water
often during the day, and to get up
many times at night, and all forms of
kidney, bladder and uric acid troubles.
Swamp-Root is sold by all dealers.
i in fifty-cent or one-dollar bottles. Make
! a note of the name, SWAMP-ROOT,
| Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and remem
ber it is prepared only by Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Binghamton. N. Y.
To prove the wonderful merits of his
great discovery he now offers to every
' reader of this paper a prepaid free sam-
I pie bottle of Swamp-Root, which he
; will send to any address, free by mail.
A book about Health, Diet and Dis
ease as Related to your Kidneys and
! giving some of the thousands upon
thousands of testimonial letters re
' ceived from the sufferers cured, also
sent free with the sample bottle.
The great discovery, Swarrfp-Root, Is
so remarkably successful that our read
ers are advised to write for a sample
bottle, and to kindly mention the San,
Francisco Sunday Call when sending
their addresses to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
1 Binghamton, N. Y.
age from San Francisco by sailing vessal.
The fare will approximate $30 a head.
To Lecture on Militarism.
STANFORD, March 4.— George L. Rees,
'09, will lecture here next Tuesday even
ing. Rees is one of the Stanford students
who went to Manila with the First Cali
fornia Regiment. His subject will be
'•Militarism and Democracy." His data
was gathered from his recent experience*
in the army.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■--. ■/•--...'-.-
OUR NEW ESTABLISHMENT
_ i?i*'SCCT<uipSag | =ja
The above engraving shows the new factory
and salesrooms in San Francisco of D»-
Pierces Celebrated Electric Belts and Trusses.
We occupy the entire second and third floor*
of this building, which is located at 020 Mar-
ket street, directly opposite the Palace Hotel,
and turn out more Belts and Trusses than any
similar firm in the United States.
Having Belts as low as $3.50 each, almost
any one can afford to purchase, while for from
JplO to $25 we furnish the very best Electric
Belt made, which we guarantee to be superior
to any Belt sold elsewhere at double the price.
For RUPTURE we manufacture an Ele-trlo
Truss, which has cured, thousands of cases.
Call af the above address and examine the
sriMx'.s, or send 2j in stamps for Booklet on
Belts and Trusses, as may be required.
All callers receive respectful attention. Thera
ate no quack doctors connected with this estab-
lishment.' |
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hail.
ALL HIGH-GRADE ARTISTS.
The Great Eastern Comedy Stars.
SHERMAN and MORRISE!
The Comedy Acrobats,
VOULETTE AND CARLOS.
The Most Clever of Equilibrists.
Last "Week of the Prime Favorlts,
....QUEHfTA VINCENT..
New Songs and* Dances.
TEN ATTRACTIVE ' FEATURES.
, AJDMISSION • FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
78
DAISY BELLE MINE
PROVES A BONANZA
New Shasta CouQty StriKe Yields
a Thousand Dollars to
the Toi>
REDDING, March 4.— The lucky miners who made the rich gold
strike at Furnaceville were in town to-day to receive the returns from
their shipment of $3757 in gold to the United States Mint in San Fran-
They made another shipment to-day of $500, the result of three
days' work with a hand mortar.
W. M. Dale, one of the three partners, said this afternoon that every
ounce of gold they had taken out was pounded out of the ore in the hand
mortar or came from the ledge in the shape of nuggets.
"We haven't any means of working the lower grade rock," said Mr.
Dale, "but are taking it from the mine as we go along and we esti
mate that our dump will average $1000 to the ton in free gold."
Some handsome quartzr gold specimens were exhibited again to-day.
These are not included in the shipment to the Mint, as they will bring
a higher price as .^pocimens. Miners and prospectors about the hotels
here are much interested in the strike and a number have gone to the
scene.
MLLE. COUEDON
WARNED LEO XIII
Predicted His Death to
Follow Faure's.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, March 4.— Popular interest
Is now divided between Rudyard
Kipling's struggle with death and the
man of the Vatican. The Kipling
.ins are followed with intense in
; and the news of his probable re
covery Is received with profound relief,
which is expressed throughout the
, the Times, during the course of
a long editorial, saying:
The deep sympathy manifested in Amer
.. :>. regarded us a titling tribute
writer who has lately done more
diplomacy, treaties, arbitration and
1. -making to convince the two na
sprung from the same stock that
till in many ways one.
The illness of the Pope gave rise to
speculation as to his successor and re
: the stories of the intrigues at the
Vatican. F.ut the latest favorable
have dispelled the gloomy
: . igs. it appears the Pope him
,aa responsible for the attack, as,
the audiences of Monday, when
very tired, he insisted upon driving in
the garden to Loo's Tower, in spite of
the biting north wind. He returned to ]
his apartments shivering with cold, ■
and, on feeling himself in pain, he said
he recalled the prophecy of Mile.
lon, whose spiritualistic prophe- j
were the talk of Paris some time
and who declared that the Arch- j
: Gabriel had announced to her
that the Pope would die immediately
t Faure.
"Perhaps," said the Pope, "God's will
epoke through her mouth."
The; political event of the week un
tedly was Italy's demand for a
"door" in the Celestial empire. The
Saturday Review says:
It can hardly be doubted that this will
the signal for a general and final
rush. Japan will advance her long-ex
: claim to the. province of Fuklen
(on the mainland of China and opposite
the island of Formosa) and Russia will
seize a. pretext for urging further con
ns injurious to British influences
out of the helpless Government at Peking.
has not vet got her con,
:i, and a dispatch from Peking says
Are Indications that the Dowager
Empress is disposed to reject the demand.
The attitude of Russia regarding the
gum- the British loan on ac
count of the northern Chinese railroads
has caused considerable anxiety among
who, however, rely upon
Salisbury to carry out his prom
md insist that t'hina respect her
engag and ignore Russia's pro
igalnset the terms of the railroad
contract. Up to now Lord Salisbury
has tak( n a firm attitude and it is gen
erally believed Russia will not go be-
The monetary and industrial situation
in America Is followed with close atten
tion here. The Economist takes a pessi
mistic view of railroads. Speaking of
th^ recent boom it says:
f these securities among
British Investors who have not availed
themselves of the opportunities of the
■ ■•.••■■ is to r< alize on their securi
are, we think, few and far between,
f • in most cases the improvement has
-ince run out to such a level as may
, warranted by increased earn
r other tangible factors. The ad
the past few months had noth
nore solid than remote prospects and
rently oversanguine industrial fore
. upon, every kind of unfavora
being cast into the shade
■ nts of the unprece
(3 prosperity which was coming into
nee in all directions.
The Statist takes a more cheerful
of the monetary situation. It
thinks there ought to be no danger of
• iou.s dearth of money in America
during the present year, or at any rate
not b -ember. The paper ex
de to further expand and that
will be an outburst of new en
terprises.
WHISKY POOL GROWING.
Absorbs the Mellwood Distillery in
Kentucky.
LOTJISVILLK, Ky., March 4.— The
K -mucky Distilleries and Warehouse
company, the latest combine in the
whisky world, to-day purchased the
plant of the Mellwood Distillery in this
city. The price is in the neighborhood
of $1,000,000.
CINCINNATI, March 4.— Since the
organization of the Kentucky Distiller
ies an<l Warehouse Company, whisky
men have been guessing as to what the
policy of the combine will be. Vice
President Bradley has given out the
following:
"No trade relations respecting the
middlemen or the making of prices will
be radically changed by the present
consolidation. Prices will be gauged
rding to the price of grain and the
supply and demands of the finished
products. Few distilleries will be con
tinued according to the value. There
will be no conflict with the American
Sprits Manufacturing Company or the
Standard Distilling and Distributing:
Company."
CRIME OF A POLICEMAN.
Attempts to Kill a Fellow Officer
With a Coupling Pin.
SACRAMENTO, March 4.— Just as the
officers were all lined ur> for changing
guard from day to night at the city prison
to-night William Vaughn and Lew Radl
gan got into an altercation. They were
seen to come to blows, and suddenly Radl
gan fell. Vaughn ran away, but was cap
tured. Radigan was found to be badly
cut about the head. Near him lay a car
couolir? pin, with which \ aughn had as
saulted him. His wounds are serious, but
he probably will recover.
Advances made on /urnlture t.nd pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
WILL NOW FAVOR
GREAT BRITAIN
France to Make Conces
sions in Madagascar.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, March 4.— Very favorable
j reports were received this week regard
| ing the negotiations on outstanding
; questions between Great Britain and
: France. It is said that M. Dupuy, the
■ French Premier, has decided to en
| deavor to settle all questions and that
; in the question of Madagascar he has
i made up his mind to propose important
\ tariff modifications in favor of Great
• Britain, thus removing the cause of the
! bitter complaints that the French
practically killed British trade imme
i diately after Ihe protectorate over the
island of Madagascar was declared by
erecting a tariff barrier.
The question of the Bahr-el-Ghazel
Valley is also said to be in a fair way
lof settlement. France has agreed to
i barter her claims for a fair considera
i tion elsewhere and the Muscat (Sultan
ate of Oman) difficulty has been tided
over by an arrangement by which
I France gets her coalsheds and saves
her honor, but does not make any ter
ritorial acquisition. Great Britain got
her back up against the latter feature
of the question because she suspected
France wanted a coaling station in
Oman, not for herself, but for Russia,
i who would make it the terminus of a j
I Central Asia railroad from Turkestan
i to the Persian Gulf.
So great a pressure has been put upon
the president of the Board of Trade, C.
i T. Ritchie, that he has postponed the
second reading of the automatic coup
ling bill, a measure which gives the
I Board of Trade power, five years hence,
to compel British railroads to supply
the whole of their rolling stock with
automatic couplings. Reports indicate
that the cost of the innovation will be
$50,000,000. There are, it is added, 1,000,
--i 000 cars in Great Britain of which one
i half are owned by private companies,
: which are up in arms against the ex
: pense.
A lockout of 10,000 plasterers began in
' London to-day, owing to various differ
ences between employes and employers.
The former object to the emnlovment of
unindentured boys, and the latter com
plain that the men are trying to force
the foremen to join the union.
The production of Meilhac's farce,
j "Decore," under the title of "The
i Cuckoo," at the Avenue Theater, has
j served again to bring a storm of abuse
| on the licenser of plays, G. A. Radford.
"Decore" is described as being "the
Frenchiest of French farces." and
while it is bright and amusing and
splendidly played by Charles Hawley
it abounds in nastiness. Mr. Radford.
while permitting the production, re
fused Beerbohm Tree permission to
represent "Oedipus Tyrannus."
George W. Lederer -has bought Henry
' Lowenfeld's lease of the Prince of
Wales Theater.
The presentation copy of Rudyard
Kipling's "Echoes" (by two writers,
from J. L. X., the author's father),
brought $107 50 this afternoon when
auctioned off at Sotherby's. A copy of
the first edition of "Departmental
Ditties" was sold for $42 50.
— — — — — — — — » —
GUERRA'S REBELLION
HAS BEEN CRUSHED
Forces of President Andrade of Ven
ezuela Gain a Decisive Victory
Near Morro Cayes.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 18'J3, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CARACAS, Venezuela, March 4.—Sup
porters of President Andrade rejoiced to
day over the news that the Government
forces had won a decisive victory over
Senor Guerra. the president of the new
State of Guarico, who recently organized
a rebellion.
The armies met nf>ar Morro Cayes. >.o
details have reached the capital as yet.
NEW YORK. March 4.— The Herald's
dispatches of February 21 told of the up
rising led by General Guerra, who was
President of the new Venezuela state and
was formerly Minister of War in Presi
dent Crespo's Cabinet. He gained no force
j m Congress, however, and President An
! drade was able to send a strong force
j against him.
CONGRESS PREVENTED
SHAFTER'S PROMOTION
War Department Was Eager to Make
Him a Major General Before
His Retirement.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— The Presi
dent expresses himself as well pleased in
• general with the outcome of the session
i of Congress just closed. He takes a hope
| ful view of conditions, believing the rail-
I ures of Congress to meet the requirements
• in several instances will not operate to
embarrass the Government seriously. It
was the purpose of the President, had
i Congress listened favorably to his re
quest for authority to appoint four addi
tional major generals, to have named
Gtmrals Fitzhugh Lee, Wheeler, Wilson
and Wood.
It was a bitter disappointment to the
! War Department that the request of the
President for authority to appoint only
one additional major general of regulars
should have been negatived. It was th°
gurpose to name for that honor General
hafter, in order that he might retire with
i the laurels he has earned. The general
i must be retired by law on the 14th of the
present month and must go out with only
i a volunteer commission. It is the purpose
! to give him at least this.
Three Children Burned to Death.
SEATTLE, March 4.— A Post Jntelli-
I gencer special from Sedrowooley says
! three small children of Mr. and Mrs. R.
: Rhinehart of Walkers Valley were burned
Ito death yesterday. The children had
! been locked in the house while the parents
were at work in the woods.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
WOLCOTTS ARE
NOW SEPARATED
Senator and Wife to Be
Divorced.
SUIT SOON TO BE BEGUN
INCOMPATIBILITY OF TEMPER
THE ALLEGED GROVND.
Story of Domestic TJnliappiness That
Will Startle the Most Ex
clusive Set in Wash
ington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 4.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: In the most exclusive social
set in Washington the fact is known
to a few personal friends that Senator
Edward O. Wolcott, the brilliant young
Senator from Colorado, and his wife,
have separated. Legal proceedings are
about to be instituted for an annull
| merit of their relations, at the instance
of Mrs. Wolcott.
Senator Wolcott is now staying at
the Arlington Hotel and has been there
for four days, while his wife remains
at their handsome residence on Con
necticut avenue.
That Senator and Mrs. Wolcott have
agreed to separate is not denied by in
terested persons, but in view of the
high position they occupy in official
and social circles, the matter is being
kept very quiet, with the expectation
that Mrs. Wolcott will proceed to Colo
rado and procure a legal separation
without any undue publicity being
' given to their domestic infelicities.
Friends of Senator Wolcott insist that
I there is nothing savoring of scandal in
I the proceedings. Close friends of Sena
; tor Wolcott told me that a legal separ-
I ation would be sought by Mrs. Wolcott
j simply on the grounds of incompatibil
ity of temper. I am also advised from
! the same source that no other persons
are directly or indirectly connected
with the affair, and a separation is to
be obtained by mutual agreement.
Senator Wolcott will interpose no ob
jection. Mrs. Wolcott is acting upon
I the advice of her brother, Dr. Metcalf,
| who is now In Washington with her.
1 Senator Wolcott, while admitting the
; separation and forthcoming divorce, de
i clines to discuss the subject. At the
: Wolcott residence neither Dr. Metcalf
I nor Mrs. Wolcott were willing to make
any statement for publication.
The news that Senator and Mrs. Wol
cott have separated will come as a se
vere shock to the social circle of which
I they are conspicuous members. It ha*
! been whispered in their set that domes
i tic happiness was not the most attrac
tive feature of the handsome and richly
furnished home of the Wolcotts, but
'■ there was no dream of legal proceed
, ings looking to a separation.
Senator and Mrs. Wolcott have been
in society together within the last
week or ten days, and on Washington's
birthday Mrs. Wolcott was one of the
most interested listeners to the read
! ing of Washington's farewell address
j by her husband in the Senate cham
ber. Their home has been the cen
ter of many brilliant gatherings since
they came to Washington, for Mrs.
Wolcott has a large fortune in her own
right, and the Senator has a iarere mi
i come outside of his salary as Senator.
Mrs. Wolcott is the daughter of Mrs.
E. M. Metcalf of North street, ■Buffalo.
Mrs. Metcalf is the leader of Buffalo's
most exclusive society. Mrs. Wolcott
has one son, Metcalf Bass, who Is a
graduate of Yale. He received a com
mission in the volunteer service at the
beginning of the war with Spain.
Laces can be made to represent large
sums of money. The Astors have been
credited with owning lace worth $3,000,000
and the Vanderbilts value theirs at $4,0^0,
--00n The Pope is said to be content with
only $75,000 represented in lace, and the
Princess of Wales can boast of $250,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
____.—- - - - - - -
® -f ® -f ® > ® ♦ ®+®+ ®>®4<sH^>f (SWSWSWSWSWS*®*®*®*^^
& rvir tv Amn nk | T ¥H¥^ /^TTf^r^n.l DR. ALTHAUS. THE FAMOUS LONDON PHYSICIAN, APPLIES ELEC- ®
TI 1 1 11 Alilh I \\ Hh lllchi 1 I TRICITY DIRECTLY TO THE BASE OF THE BRAIN, AND |
S UJLII rivll^ Vrtil DsU VUI\L/l/i has postponed old age in many cases. f
® ®
X Ae-ain lam able to quote a member of the medical profession to bear me out in the claim which I have been making for the past twenty years, -f
® that old age is simply the wasting away of the vital energies. Youth is vitality. All men are young in action and in feeling, mentally and physically, ®
■4- so long as they retain the vital power of the nerves, which is Electricity. Here are extracts from an article recently printed in the London Lancet, +
® bearing on this subject: ALTHAUS Tells of His Experience in Treating Old Age With Electricity. ®
/^ -"*" ■ "I have come to the conclusion that if old people receive about the sixtieth or sixty-fifth > X*"""^ N. ®
V / year, or, Indeed, at any time when age has bef?un decidedly to tell upon them, proper and f \ ■
X if \ faultlessly carried out applications of electricity to the brain, either daily or every other day / \ X
® t - . \ for some time, they may keep their faculties fairly well until the age of eighty or ninety, / . \ W
■T. Bi 4 ■' s \ unless the case should be complicated with serious organic disease." Jl , . . - I X
® lII- •'**" — ' « * s '" t alone does this treatment seem to restore the feeling of youth; it is claimed by Its In vY^s^ /| ®
-♦• Mir ' i»4<4<£A i\ inventor that it also produces the appearance of it. He says: , /-tiv-, X
(i) t fW'W' J *J*£&&vZ%&Si<'4\ " In haI ' people the growth of the' hair is stimulated, and when gray or white It may re- \>l(fSr&~^^^j^ : &e*>-S**£ i ll ®
-S- L ttUl(^W^< : \tSi sume. at least to some extent, its previous brown or black color." tl .IlkkW^: * " -**r «>" *^ -J.si h\{\i •♦
<V\ h'UW'milfP^''^' "^^^SU "In cases of genuine old age,." continued the doctor, "especially in its early stages, I „ |Ba\& /^l w <B J||| \ \l' \i (»)
Jl. rafi ll»\ *«1^ ' 'V '/T 'Swifi bave found that we are able, by a cautious use of the constant current to the brain, and iUlHlliE^r^^ Wi-fV >t.JHlUNl'Jl!ili -^
r-, WlWIk. ■&■')'■ / ' \ (Hk'jA (Id n>ore especially to the vaso-motor center in the bulb, greatly to retard t)i- progress of the •l(i|lflß^*4,'"f '""' "^wis! Hall ll T
i< 3™Hlbm "'" 7^' " >\7«if t!«/l^SlK/fi arterio-sclerosls. A week or two nftc-r the commencement of the treatment the energy of ; JiilK|Bv/V^ V^S™it»O^»V^S ! v«Jwfi W. 1
'-' ; fiU IH^KI '%),• v '"'i' 1 '■ K^^UlHfilllf fll the system is habitually found to have been considerably enhanced. The old man takes ImHiBMB^ ' Vv*Wfi B jfe MaK^'ilii A,
■f- IJUffHIisM Vfti '"-^^v- ■''•i'WjH iHIJw fresh lntereßt in the aftalrs of dally life, he resumes Ins work with some amount of vigor, HHjBBI» 'vVv'^-Sg*^' -'flff IBlilir'i *
® «pJIIP^I/w'"W ~^>f!«H ifllln 7/ ne ha " a more ereCt carriage, he waU and stands better, and he has a quicker digestion and infflßH^P* V V>."" iuT V ' Vl*'^wii^|ir ft"
•' 'llmßß BR. i%) " '^V^BbHbBhII a "His general " aspect is so much changed that he looks five or ten years younger than be- lUb&%*l\>>!lu *\ >'ii Vi'S^v^^«^l*M/ T
T WlllB*i«P l^ I ' •'■'«! ■i'iyWrS^^HßUi 1 farf ' tho treatment was commenced. His peevish and querulous temper is no longer a source s*s^ ' ' ''^^\^!LLJ.t!^r'!«\\V^^^\S » ®
"£_ &sr ! *^\^titL!!j. "z^^/i^^Skv^^^ " "' In no case h that I have troatod was the treatment entirely useless. The function which ' l!i'liV^^^^^'''v| ; i\vv "*
X y^ff' 'In *-$?^^£^Wr..MW%?*\ n. improved in every one of them was that of walking. -.. »- vWf\ '"'llr* ®
5| '. -I so ''IVviffi' "Quite recently a veteran actor who had delighted the last generation by his magnificent V-*^^ S " -♦•
▼" " * \ 'llw Shakespearean performances, told me, after a few applications: 'I no longer crawl, but "\ rs\
® • <E5T^T V * " -walk.' The longer such treatment Is continued in a given case the better are, in general, \ ■*>
+ --■ the results." The actor referred to, it is learned on authority. Is Henry Irving. -♦■
% SOME OF THE OLD MEN WHO HAVE BEEN REJUVENATED BY DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S METHOD, AND WHAT THEY SAY ABOUT IT. ®
® •mjxrs- to /-y jA ■^r-f-> r\ dg *~"\\ X~\ better, my back does not pain me. and the circulation and nerves are natural. This is !?
■♦- rit* IC9 J "*r ■ C_<rtrv3 V_^*-^U. the first time I have ever permitted my name to be used as a testimonial, but Ido A
® "T Buffered for thirty years from Rheumatism and Impotency. lam 74 years old and so now, as merit and benefit received calls for It. Yours gratefully, ®
•♦- T was doctored and dosed without result and used several other kinds of Electric Belts, L. B. BROWN, l!tt>4 Estrella aye. X
I but they were no good. Yours acted differently. I felt it at once and the pain left r\ FORMER MAYOR'S EVIDENCE, f
I for'the first time in thirty years. There has been a great change in my vital J~* §A> McLAUGHLIN ,_ Dear slr: It vant &£ ET. \J I J_J fc, fN C_- E• >
X norm and I Kive great praise to the Belt for what it has done for me." c; vx jqsf Ci! Tan M icon ®
® Parts, and Igi c X cApT f w JOHNSON, Redlands, Cal. DB< MA. M , I.MT,HLIX.-D,ar Sir: I want to mv iostlmony to y^r c^ilec- X
X __ T V-^kw --^ I\/\ £\J\I I\/\ ELViF? S »-¥ CX PPV tlon of evidence, pointing out the value of your Electric Belt, which I have had for the ®
® /YIN *— ti-^M-M JV\t-\l^* JJ\f-\M—fC^ n/-%I I X • past ten years. It cured me of rheumatism years ago, and I have since found it a T
+ LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 4. 1838. good thing for any sort of sickness. If a man has any trouble abdut his kidneys or ®
® yyo fjr j^ MCLAUGHLIN.— Dear Sir: I was more than a year making up my mind back it will cure him. It is an invigorator of great power, and beats any medicine on "T
X * n rmrchase one of your Belts, as I considered It a fraud, but I am greatly pleased to earth. I can do you a great deal of good in this country, as I am well known here ®
® fl \ i thnt it has been of great benefit to me. Being 74 years old I find that I did not and in Kansas, where I was Mayor of the city of Wichita. I will go out of my wav to -♦■
X h w nroner circulation, and my nerves were in such a run down condition that it pro- testify to the fact that I know your Belt to be all you represent it. Yours truly (S)
$ duced general debility. Your Belt has caused me to feel better in every way. I sleep • * JOHN B. CAREY, 2$ South Eighth 'st. jfc
I .*fl^^lW^ HE DISCARDS HIS CANE AT 77. v f
f£i >*^F^S»[l|||ilg*^|g^ "I consider your Belt the grandest remedy I ever beard of for rhoumatlpm. lumbago -„ .-- , l r2:-^"t' li (?)
V . J&sSjifigtYMMfd^aNnin Rnfl general weakness. I am seventy-Seven yoars old, and after using your Itelt thirty days J^ji-zfZS^SS^ijJiL i.
T jsgEBßt\«lfttutligMßWi tno change In me has been remarkable. I am nov; free from all pains and aches, and have V.. \<.~s&£o^s}"Jl\\ 71
® J^SpSß&'WKSfcSißMafil discarded my cane. I feel better than I have for thirty years. I am known all over this ''^Si^^^^^Hlw J3 ®
>. *a^3Bg?^kJg»iaS|Jt^j^gK| country, and will answer any inquirj' made of me regarding, the effect of your Belt. Yours - f\^ -^ '^2&JjfCiLSl> ♦
® flB KS a# FEELS THIRTY YEARS YOUNGER. W f'.'^fflwßj ®
r\ Mb ••' *^35ri rJIBsS^ W%i Dear Sir: I have used your electric appliance since last October, and can say that it has iSß^^^^k JSkJJB
«^» -{■^f''* SHJt>- Mjp done wonders for me. I was a broken down man, completely of no account for business or Boi!«§s!rare© ®
•♦■ Vtg ' X • mf pleasure; was dizzy, nervous, lamo in Icrs, back, and in fact all over. My memory was poor BRsSsSStorl "■43G?s2BSB«s''**3 "*"
f?) \*i \ w and I was greatly debilitated. I got relief within three days after putting your Belt on; my llB!s£§§!<SJiiaHl V'»'gs3XK!n>Sl ®
X V i _ .rf.j f strength improved and the lamenoss left me. I have gained every day sin.'c. ar.d lam now BsßK^iSSs£s'YBl Y2SiS£sS&f?9 ■♦■
■j- >4 *.*•&*> / completely cured. I feel as I did thirty years ago. Your Belt knocks medicine into Christen- KKSBaM^SSPtaA '^SESSfS§W ®
v; { / dom. I owe my health to it. Yours truly, J. D. HOPKINS. ffiS^XfiP*^^ V
I A>!^L^ ELECTRICITY IS LIFE TO YOUNfi AND OLD MEN. W |
/ \N. :: l?offlns£r^!!!%23&*% It is the fountain of youthful energy. When you are weak it will revive you: when you -V«^«\r-'» \ -k.
'•-> y \ Vj^Zg^* IPMBiSSi, have pain? it will cure them. It Is as good for women as for men. It is a blessing to the */' ''.Ir*j# \ r-
T r I \ 'm?PSSS* prematurely aged of either sex. It gives spring to the step nnd a flash to the eye. It in- \:*^H*V«. -v \ vl)
® / / V .i^^^SK/lvjvy^^y epires confidence In young men and restores the snap to the blood of the aged. It is truly ' <^'\ -J* Tk ' r »^\. J "*"
® '.^»' \' \<-^j\ v\yyy Call and see my Dr. Sanden Electric Belt, which is the most perfect electrical con- V^^^V.4^X'T!g^ifis^s^^^^^<J^ ®
X \^ 1. ';5«Lv I \'o trivance In the world to-day for the .infusion of vital electricity into the body. It is with * *ij?'2KS* J *«s»ilß^HHEß s r X
rj) mi '3 \ * this famous life giver that I restore youth to the old man. If you cannot call send for my -^^^^^JgSfcVfieaßJf? ®
X m ' 4 book, "Three Classes of Men," which explains fully my method of treatment, gives volumes <=-«3f\K?S'¥ S^T ' X
Z. of .proof and prices of my Belts. Call or address, ;,■■;: •;-•.< _W-^^,/ y ®
£ r^lF? A/1 J\ Mnl >AI JOHI IN 702 MARKET, cop. Kearny, Fnanclsco; or 204 1-2 |
® JLItX. /YIL. f-\* /YlCl^MUOniwin, South Broadway, Los Angeles. Office hourB-8 A.M. to 8:30 |
® • p M Sundays, 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUQ STORES |
FURTHER RIGHTS
FOR CATHOLICS
Action of Centrists in
the Reichstag.
CONCESSIONS ARE DEMANDED
REPEAL OF OSTBACIZATION OF
JESUITS EXPECTED.
Prominent German Army Officers
Members of a Club Where
Gambling Sharps Are
Introduced.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, March 4.— The rejection of
part of the provisions of the military
bill by the Center members of the bud
get commission has created amaze
ment. This is explained by the fact
that the Center is waiting for certain
concessions to the ultramontane inter
ests. This, it is said, has been agreed
upon and the Center will vote for the
bill.
It was reported that the concessions
include the appointment of a Catholic
department, a chief of a Catholic sec
tion of the Ministry of Public Worship,
the amending of the municipal election
law to give the Center dominion over
the Rhine cities, and it is also claimed
that the Bundesrath will sanction the
repeal of the ostracization of the Jes
uits and other orders.
The officials of the German Foreign
Office say that considerable time will
probably elapse before the claims for
damages filed by German manufactur
ers and merchants in Cuba during the
war will be proved. These claims now
amount to several million dollars,
mainly by three firms for factories and
plantations burned by the Cuban in
surgents. The question as to whether
the Spanish, Cuban or American Gov
ernment is responsible is another diffi-
Tiie Russian tyrannizing of Finland
is severely commented upon in political
circles, even among the conservatives,
the Kreuz Zeitung forcibly voicing
these sentiments.
In the Reichstag this week the Min
ister of War, General yon Gossler, re
peatedly referred to gambling in the
army and to the allegations that the
Harmlozen Club contained many of
fenders, confirming the Emporor's de
sire for the strictest investigation into
the matter. The Minister added that
according to the present information
there were not many officers compro
mised.
The Tageblatt to-day denies this and
says over a hundred active officers be
long to the club, adding on one oc
casion among the forty-two persona
present were thirty-six uniformed oili
cers, and that another notorious gam
bler, Wolff, brought in a number of of
ficers, of whom every one was a Prir.cc
The Post, discussing the increase of
the importation of Ann rican horses, ad
vises the Government to increase to at
least 10 per cent ad valorem the pres
ent duty of 10 or l! 0 marks P'-r hers.-.
It claims that not only were 6919 horses
directly imported, but that many more
came into the country by way of Bel
gium and Holland, and adds that this
is detrimental to agricultural interests.
By the Emperor's orders the Thier
garten, which is crown property,
though it is the chief park of Berlin, is
to be modernized. About 30,000 trees
are to be felled, ornamental shrubs are
to be planted, new walks, children's
playgrounds and tennis courts are to be
created and other improvements are to
be made.
On Wednesday next the Emperor will
give a diplomatic dinner, the guests in
cluding the wives of the military at
taches and others.
There appears to be a strong proba
bility that the Minister of Agriculture.
Baron yon Hammerstein-Lexten, will
be forced to resign because of the meat
WOMEN OF PARIS
POSE AS MUMMIES
Their Latest Fad Is to Be Pho
tographed While Reclining in
a Sarcophagus.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Be:inett.
PARIS, March 4.-Accordins to Gil Bias, one of the latest fcdß
in Paris is to be photographed- as a mummy. The pat J" haeus
ttms, generally of the gentle sex, are stretched out in a sarcc v m
bandaged in true Egyptian style and then P hot °S raph ?., noT)U .
Collections of these mummy portraits probably W1 " Deco ™" " _ e . B
lar, as at very little expense one can have the sensation that one
dearest enemy is safely put away.
inspection bill, which he disapproves of j
as being anti-Agrarian.
Prince Hohenlohe-Langenburg, it is
understood, will shortly resign the im
! portant office of governor general of the
Reichsland (Alsace-Lorraine) and -will
be succeeded either by his son; Prince
Ernest, or by Prince Adolphus of
Schaumberg-Lippe, Emperor William's
brother in law. The office is lucrative,
with a residence at Strasburg.
Emperor William arrived at Bremen
this afternoon and was received at the
railroad station by the burgomaster
and the principal civil and military au
-1 thorities. He then drove to the famous
1 Rathskeller amid the hearty cheers of
the crowds assembled.
The Reichstag to-day agreed by a
large majority to the bill providing for
j the establishment of a special Bavarian
division of the military court in Ber
lin. This is an outcome of the ar
rangement made by the Emperor when
he was passing through Munich on his
return from Palestine, with the Prince ,
Regent of Bavaria concerning the pro- i
cedure of military courts. I
Prince Hohenlohe. the Imperial
Chancellor, said the Federated Govern
ments had agreed that no further modi- j
i Qcation of the law should be made
; without a fresh arrangement with Ba
varia. The Bavarian Minister, Herr
Lorchonfeld, said Bavaria adhered to
the view that Bavaria possessed spe
cial reserve rights in the matter which j
was protected by the bill, adding that |
i Prince Hohenlohe's statement fur- 1
nished the guarantees which Bavaria j
demanded.
He Meant Well.
A well-known young lawyer was walk
ing alons East Main street one clay dur
ing the late cold weather, and as he ap
proached the. corner of St. Paul street
he perceived a very pretty pirl coming
toward him. Ho had barely time to note
her attractive appearance when a f?ust
of wind seized the young lady's hat and
blew it alonp the sidewalk in the direc
tion of the gallant attorney. The lawyer
endeavored to stop the hat after the man
ner of a shortstop pettirip in front of a
ball and had the momentary pleasure of
seeing the runaway bonnet lyinpr flutter
ing at his feet- Anticipating the younp
lady's grateful smile, he stooped to pick
up the hat. and that is where the side
walk pot in its deadly wor*k. His feet
flew from under him and he landed
squarely on the hat. The owner of the
headgear came up at that moment to re
ceive her property and the unfortunate
pillar of the law handed her a mass of
crushed millinery the shape of a pie.
The lady mustered up self-possession
enough to thank him for his efforts to
catch the hat, but there was an unholy
"la re of contradiction" In her eyes as she
said the words, while the lawyer walked
on trylnp to look as if he did not know
that "people were lauprhlnpr at him.—lio
chester I'nion and Advertiser.
A Grant-Lee Militia Company.
Georgia will soon have as a part of the
National Guard a company composed of
veterans of 1861, in which the followers of
Grant and those of Lee will be mingled
"i(!(> by side in the ranks. The petition
for the formation of the company cornea
to Governor Chandler from Fitzgerald,
the latest product in the State in the way
of a municipality.
The town of Fitzgerald, as is commonly
known, was mainly settled from theXorth
and West, and many of the survivors
of the Union army live in the county Bide
by side with the Confederate soldiers.
The is no company of the State militia
within sixty miles.— Atlanta Constitution.
.I ♦ ■
The clay pipes of England, France and
Holland are mostly made by the labor of
children.
MEN NAMED FOR
WAR PORTFOLIO
Speculationas toAlger's
Successor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March s.— The "World
this morning says that last night it re
ceived advices from Washington to the
effect that General Anson C. McCook
might succeed General Alger as Secre
tary of War. General McCook attended
a private dinner party at 54 West Fifty
sixth street last night, but to a World
reporter would say nothing about the
report.
A special to the Journal from Wash
ington says: General "Joe" Wheeler
may be the next Secretary of War.
The President, when he heard how-
Speaker Reed had Insulted the general
by refusing to recognize him on the
floor of the House, was indignant.
Several gentlemen talked over the mat
ter with the President this evening:,
and when they left the White House
the news became current that General
Wheeler would succeed Alger. and that
the latter might oblige his friends by
announcing his willingness to retire
next week. The President, it is said,
will appoint Wheeler, for manifold rea
sons, to enthuse the South, to reward
a hero, to show Democrats the breadth
of the Presidential mind and to an
nounce that money is not an issue, but
that expansion is.
PRESIDENT CUESTAS
HAS NEW CABINET
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Tiennett.
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, March 4.—
President Cuestas has organized his
new Cabinet with elements of different
1 parties. The new Ministers have prom
| ised to permit the return of all persons
banished for political causes.
The press condemns severely the fe
licitation which the American Minis
ter, William R. Finch, sent President
Cuestas, considering it as an intrusion
' into interior politics of the country. In
his note Minister Finch says, among
; other things: "You defeated the secret
opposition of false friends and combina
tions of foes without employing un
; righteous means." _
Indian Murderer Captured.
SANTA ROSA, March 4.— An Indian
named James Stevens, who beat another
Indian to death with a picket near Se
mi la?t week, was captured by Dep
uty Sheriffs Logan Tombs and George
Lewis this afternoon. Stevens was dis
covered hiding in a large hop furnace at
Peterson's ranch, four miles from this
city. He will be charged with murder.
ADV-ifiBTISEMENTS.
fine shoes]
The Finest i
: " " I
Shoe in the
World for j
$5.00! j
Men's Fine Vici Kid Lace |
Shoes, just the thing for g
tender feet, hand-welted |
f soles, all the latest style |
toes, the best makers, Or 2
on sale for OJ I
The same style and qual- |
ity in French Calf and Box j
Calf, guaranteed as good j
•;."' as can be made to order Or
for $io; our price . . . OU j
Ladies' Shoes.
Laird, Schober & Co.'s
Make— Fine French Kid j
Lace and Button Shoes,
cloth or kid top; light hand- !
turned soles fcr dress or
hand-welted stitched edges
for lighter, heavy for walk-
ing; all the late style toes.
This well-known make of
shoes is the best and finest
in the world. To be QC
sold for Ou
ANY OF the ABOVE goods
not AS REPRESENTED RE- |
TURN THEM AT OUR f,
EXPENSE I i
See Our Windows h
...0p... f>
Send for Special Pr'ce List. 1
NOLAN BROS.
812-814 Market St., I
PHELAN BUILDING.
PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK.
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVEB.
A EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
For the Past 7 Tears
FOR ALL USES AND USERS
ON WOOD, GLASS, METAL. STONE, BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES; makes a perfect
amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 ovar any ctber
paint, stands 500 DEGREES OF HEAT with-
out scaling.
BEAUTIFUL, ARTISTIC. CURABLS,
WASHABLE. Prevents BARNACLES and
FOULING In SALT WATER CORROSION
and RUST from exposure. Send 25c for SAM-
PLE bottle and pamphlet. "WHAT IS PEGA-
MOID?"
WESTERN AGENCIES CO..
81 and 62. Chronicle Building. S. F.
Eye=Glass Anchor.
That's'-w-hat the new Clip roally is— a new.
perfect, right-up-to-the-moment anchor. It
holds the eyeslasses firmly in place with nevpr
a slip or a tilt or a waver, and no pinchinir.
Attached for 50c.
Good eyeglasses, too. Skillful, careful work
In every part.
Oculists* prescriptions filled.
Factory on premises. Quick repairing.
Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANS pHOTOGB^ H^f M P^ c TU
642 Market St. instrument*
pernoDooooooooupaoa
o w PALACE '-""S
IGRAND hotels 0
D BA* FRANCISCO. q.
*? Connected by a covered paMaceway.
8 1400 Room B-900 With Bath Attached. «
MOO Rooms- «OO With Bath Attache*. *■
O ▲11 UnJer One Management. Q
BW>- HOTE THE P&ZOS3: Q
-. European Plan.Bl.OO per day and npward n
V Aja«rican P1an.93.f10 per day and upward^
Q Correspondence Solicited. {|
A JOSS 0. KIKK7A7SICK. Xtnigtr. q
ouOO.o 000000 00000000
THE HOME REMEDY SShi
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS iW'
wiwj. Fcr all UMM puns, lrr^uiaritiw an! difficulties no
remedy on earth & nrin Dlrfc Eastlrappll*! by Udj her-
equa'.'.^fatcouswJallU-KJO >elf. Believe* all paH
Sin Womb or Orarle* In 10 minute*.
Promptly reliere* Headache, hloouai
Bladder Traublti. Falntness, NerrousD»«. ?««•
and Despondency. Cnres Leucorr v rr», « or. ■>
CompUinti, Di»nlae»ment«, Backiche, Betißl
Down Paint and all Female Ditori'"- J^9K
CPb^' Itanlahc* Sorer.em andnc»iatir«J^f 1 1
Cheers the spirits and VUp'lr -• CJMf
the whole frame. Safe. Saw B"d X^tF
Abaolntely IlarnileM. One, 60 tmt box wi 1
complete a care in ordinary eases. „,,•!
stBps "all PAIMI BOIJ > BT AIXDRITQI9TS.
lllrTOftLL irtin or mailed in plain wrapp- <* r ""■»■
IN 10 M!NUTES|Tbrp C .,re y UCo.C.,t.nB l0 r.^«
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
la a powerful aphrodislne and «peclflo tonlo
for th« sexual and urinary organs or fcotn
•exes, and a great remedy for diseases of th*
kidney, and bladder. A great KestoratiT*.
L^Tno^o^wS^stingfafn^s^
II L%T Wind" bleeding, ltchlnff,
PILES &sf Cases of
BL.|_IJ years- standing cured by
■ ■S3 Ba 7 single 50c box.
A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists,
gQ4 Washington Street. San Francisco.THREE NEW OCEAN GREYHOUNDS SOON TO COURSE
BETWEEN SAN FRANCISCO AND AUSTRALIAN PORTS
One of the Speedy Triplets to Be Built at Once to Replace the Steamers
Alameda, Mariposa and Moana.
PHILADELPHIA, March 4. — San
■ of ocean-going mer
•!)• rs will have thi ■
• and best appoinud yea
■ ir class ever Been in the
c.ed to its number before
The steamers are to be built for the
hip Company and will re
ilia, now running- between
. ..I:.! the Al
.. now on the run be-
Iney, X. S.
\\'.. via Honolulu, H. 1., Apia. Samoa, and
N. Z.
The mers will bo 6000 tons pro?.-;
rly a thousand tons big
ger than the China of the Pacific Mall
fleet. At the present time the
China is the lai 3sel entering the
Francisco, so the dimensions
of the new vessels now contract
ran be gathered from the following com
parisons:
ELECTRIC LIGHT NOT
SUITED FOh SIGNALS
CANNOT REPLACE GAS IN PO
LICE TELEGRAPH SERVICE.
Red Globes Would Absorb so -iiiuch.
Light as to Spoil the Lamps
as Illuminants.
William R. Hewitt, superintendent of
the Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph, has
i communication to the Board of
Supervisors reparding the BUbstitnticn of
red electric light globes denoting fire
alarm boxes to replace those on gas lamps
jiow in use.
Mr. Hewitt does not believe the substi
POSTUM CEREAL.
THREE COFFEE WRECKS.
Plain Facts Worth Considering.
For the past six years, up to twelve
month* ago, I was a perfect wreck and
Flave to coffee. It kept me in a pros-
trated condition continually.
Gradually my heart became affected,
find I suffered intense pain in the left
Bide and over the region of the heart.
ry now and then had nervous
ppells that laid me up for weeks at a
I was also troubled with short-
ness of breath whenever 1 exerted my-
eelf in any way.
I could not lie on my left side and my
eleep was broken with severe pains
and smothering sensations. The doc-
tor told me that it was coffee drinking.
I put myself under his treatment but
did not leave off the coffee, and as I
obtained no help, became despondent
and gloomy.
By chance I learned of the Postum
Food Coffee, and concluded I would
try and quit the coffee habit and use
Postum. After a week's time I felt
greatly Improved, and continued using
the Postum and am still using it My
appetite returned to me and I gradu-
ally re-gained my health and strength,
and am now as well and hearty as I
f-ver was. I have had no return of my
heart trouble since using Postum.
I do not understand that Postum Is
In any way a medicine, but that it is a
food whereas the ordinary coffee Is a
v«ry powerful drug, as shown m my
CBse and many others.
Two of my near neighbors were ad-
dicted to coffee, and it treated them
much as it did me. They are Mrs. M.
N. Powell and Mrs. Mary Pitts.
When they found what a change had
been made in me by leaving off coffee
and using Postum, they threw away
their old coffee pots, got some new
ones and began to use Postum. me
first time they tried it they did not
like it very well, but they soon found
that they had not allowed it to boll
long enough. Now they are two as
healthy ladies as you ever saw, rosy
and well; their physical aches and ills
all gone. They sleep and eat well and
seem to enjoy life better than they ever
did before. Mrs. Emma Harris, Paris,
MiSB.
' i Lenpth Brd'l
■hina ' 6.060.82 j 440.4
.'ew steamer? • i 450 50 35
Gross.
The new vessels will have double bot
toms and watertight compartments.
They will each have two sets of triple
expansion engines, which will develop 8000
horsepower, and twin screws will drive
t lie vessels at sevenu< p. knots an hour.
Thf China has magnificent cabin accom
modation, but her second-class quarters
could easily be improved upon. Tho new
Japanese steamers America Mam, Hnng-
Maru and Nippon Maru are away
ahead of the China in this respect,
but even these new Bteamers will not be
able to compare with the fliers now under
way for the Oceanic Steamship Company.
These will accommodate 175 first class. 130
second class and 100 steerage passengers,
and in each section the comfort of travel
era will be better looked after than on any
'.•>.--••! ever seen on the Pacific.
tution can be made. He says that globes
of cloar glass absorb 10 to 20 per cent of
lit<ht, ground glass 30 to 40 per cent, opal
glass 50 to 6u per cent and red plass 75 per
cent. This would not meet the require
ments of street lighting where a uniform
illumination should be attained.
The superintendent also declares that
the fire alarm service would lose Its pe
culiar and striking beacon if electric
lights are used, as they are usually placed
so high above the piano of ordinary vision
be useless for the purpose of box
location.
ATTACK UMBSEN & CO.
Suit Filed Against Them to Recover
Heavy Damages.
Suit was filed yesterday by .T. A. Camp
bell and P. A. Wilberg fetinst C. ll.l'mb-
Ben & Co. to recover $13,000 damages and
$500 paid on account of a purchase, the
damasks being sought for certain alleged
fraudulent acts and representations on
the part of the defendants corporation.
It Is averred by the plaintiffs that on
LBth nil. tho defendants "falsely and
fraudulently and Id bad faith" represent
ed that they had full power to sell to the
plaintiffs for the price of $12,000 a piece
t)f property on the southwest corner of
Washinßtxin street and Dunbar alloy. An
agreement was drawn up between the
parties and $500 .was paid to the defendants
by the plaintiffs as a part of the pur
chase price. Subsequently, it is alii eed,
the plaintiffs have offered to pay the bal
ance duo, but the defendants refuse to de
liver them a deed of conveyance.
The plaintiffs also assert that they have
been informed that the defendants had
no power or authority to sell the proper
ty, or even to agree to convey it. For
these reasons they seek to recover dam
ages in the amount stated and the money
already paid out under the alleged fraud
ulent agreement.
Two Damage Suits.
William H. Coulter has sued the Union
Transportation Company to recover $10,000
damages for personal injuries and certain
tortious acts of the defendant. The plain
tiff avers that on February 21 last he
was refused a ticket on the steamer
Dauntless to Benicia, and when he In
sisted that one should be sold him he was
Beverely handled by the defendant's offi
cials.
J. J. Schutz had the misfortune to fall
through a hole in the sidewalk at the
corner of Ellis and Octavia streets a
short time ago and yesterday he filed suit
against the owner of the property front
ing on the sidewalk, Sarahd H. Macauley,
also Superintendent of Streets Fragley, to
recover $10,000 damages.
Baldwin Fence a Nuisance.
Shopkeepers on the south side of Ellis
street, between Stockton and Powell, have
petitioned the Board of Supervisors to de
clare the fence about the Baldwin prop
erty a nuisance and to have it set back
where the law allows it to be maintained.
The petitioners affirm that traffic on the
south side of the street has ceased en
tirely, to the injury of their business.
B'ne B'rith.
The Purim appeal for the benefit of the
schools in the Orient has been sent out,
and it is believed that the several lodges
of this jurisdiction will respond in a lib
eral manner.
The city lodges are experiencing a boom,
as each is receiving applications and in
itiating candidates at every meeting.
Arrangements are being made by the
feneral committee for an outing to San
ose on the 21st of May to raise funds
for the entertainment of tne constitution
Grand Lodge that is to meet in this city
next year
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
The new vessels will, of course, be
lighted with electricity throughout. They
will also have something that has l'>ng
been required on steamers in the Austral
asian trade and that is a refrigerating
plant. Australia and New Zealand are
large exporters of frozen beef and mutton,
and shipload after shipload is going from
there to Manila to feed the United States
soldiers and sailors. There is a demand
fur the frozen meat in California, and the
new steamers will meet this demand by
carrying New Zealand mutton to San
Francisco. Five cents a pound is a big
price to pay for mutton in Australia or
New Zealand, while here 12^> cents is con
sidered cheap.
Besides the frozen meat cargo the
steamers will carry 2~>oo tons of general
cargo and 2000 tons of coal in their bunk
ers. They will be built to comply with the
navy regulations and when in service can
be turned into auxiliary cruisers inside of
thirty-six hours.
BOZICH THREW AWAY
THE GOLD OF LIFE
STJICIDE OF A DEMENTED SLA
VONIAN MINER.
Placed a Mirror Between His Knees
to Take Good Aim, and Shot
Himself.
Bozo Bozich, a Slavonian miner, shot
himself in the head yesterday morning or
Friday night in his room at 272 Brannan
street. Although undoubtedly insane he
made his preparations for death with the
greatest care and deliberation. He took
the mattress off his bed and laid It on
the floor. Then he sat on it, placed a
small mirror between his knees so as to
take better aim, placed to his head the
muzzle of the suicide's delight— a cheap
American bulldog — pulled the trigger and
died instantly.
The lodging-house in which Bozich
killed himself is kept by a Slavonian
named Joe Qallovich. The deceased not
making his appearance for breakfast. Joe
entered his room at 10 o'clock and found
the gory corpse cold and rigid in death.
On the person of the dead man were
found the following notes, written In
Slavonian:
Brothers, no friends, no enemies: thpy hlnme
me, but God will jurißc them. Good-by, world,
sun and moon. Good-by home; good-by dear
Joe. BOZ.
A policeman was looking for me; I don't
know why I am here. I lived nine years
here and never have been in jail, nor have
any of my relatives. Enemies'. I'd sooner
die than have a pollcemar take me to jail.
Bozich came from the country about a
week ago and took a room in Gallovich's
house. Nothing is known as to his ante
cedents or relatives. Thirty-seven dol
lars cash found in his pockets were turned
over to the Coroner.
The body was taken to the Morgue.
A Cut in Fine Stationery.
Crane's "Kid Finish" and "Early Eng
lish," Hurd's "Royal White," "Russian
Blqe," "English Repp" and "Highland
Heather" are being sold in all sizes at 15
cents a quire by Cooper & Co., the art
stationers, 746 Market street. •
A REFEREE SELECTED.
Smith and Lavigne Have Chosen Jim
McDonald as Judge of Their
Fight.
The representatives of Georg-e "Kid"
Lavigne and Billy Smith met last even-
Ing at Charley Geggus' sporting resort on
Stockton street for the purpose of select
ing a referee for their fight, which will
take place next Friday evening in Wood
ward's Pavilion. The managers of the two
fighters did not delay very long in se
lecting the man whom they considered to
be the best referee. As soon as Billy La
vigne read from a prepared list of sports
the name of Jim McDonald Smith's man
ager said "that's enough; McDonald will
suit me," and without further delay the
famous baseball umpire was notified of
his selection.
There is a great demand for good seats
at this early hour, which is an evidence
that the Pavilion will be packed on Fri
day evening.
The Trust Was Valid.
The Supreme Court has reversed the
decision of the lewer court in the case of
the estate of Amasa P. Wllley. In 1892
Wllley made a trust deed of certain prop
erty in favor of two friends, and a few
days later he made a will under which
were various bequests. As the trust deed
It was originally the Intention of the
Oceanic company to have the steamers
built at the Union Iron Works in Kan
Francisco. John D. Spreck< Is, president
of the steamship company, and Irving M.
Scott of the iron w r orks held a number of
conferences, but owing to the number of
contracts in hand it was found impossible
to build the vessels in the specified time.
Mr. Spreckels wants to see the vessels in
commission in March or April. 1900, at the
latest. Mr. Scott decided that what with
the warships and merchant vessels he
was now at work on and those the works
was under contract to build, it would be
impossible to accept the building of the
three steamers if they had to be complet
ed in a year. Mr. Spreckels accordingly
came East last month, and to-night gave
out the news that the contract had been
let to the Cramps.
The Alameda and Mariposa were built
by the Cramps, and two better vessels
feature cut some figure in the will and a
contest was made by the son. the lower
court held that the trust was invalid.
The higher court takes the position that
the trust Is not invalid and does not In
validate the will. The case, with several
branches, will come up for further con
sideration in the Superior Court.
COURT WILjl NOT ASSIST.
Mrs. Virginia McMullin Cannot Se
cure Separate Support.
The Supreme Court has decided that
Mrs. Virginia McMullin is not entitled to
ri celve maintenance without divorce
from her husband, Thurlow McMuliin.
The couple were married in 1871, and six
years later the husband permanently left
home.
In 1891 the wife began an action against
her husband for support, although she did
not desire a legal separation from him.
Kighteen months after these proceedings
were begun McMullin made her an offer
to provide her a good comfortable home
in some place of her own selection, and
return to her. The woman refused the
offer, and the lower court denied her de
mand Cor support.
The order was upheld by the higher
cnun. which sets forth that proceedings
for divorce may be begun one year after
desertion, and ndds that "if prior to the
expiration OI such time the party desert
ing returns and offers in good faith to
fulfill the marriage contract and solicits
condonation the desertion Is cured." The
court further believes that the time limit
for those who repent should be extended.
In this, as in many cases, reconciliations
may be made more as matters of con
venience, but the law takes the position
that even under such conditions it Is bet
ter th?n to break up families. The order
of the lower court was upheld.
WORKED TO DEATH.
The Mother of a Family of Small
Children Suddenly Taken Away.
In order to save herself, her husband and
her three little children from starvation,
Mrs. Angela Tett of 128 Oak Grove ave
nue worked herself to death.
At noon yesterday while engaged In fin
ishing a dress on her sewing machine she
sank back into her chair and breathed her
last.
When Coronetr Hill arrived at the resi
dence he found the bereaved husband,
Henry Tett, almost distracted, and the
children, the oldest of whom Is only foui
years of age. hanging over the dead body
and begging her to speak to them.
The family came from Nlles. in this
State, three months ago. Unable to secure
employment the husband performed the
household duties while his wife, an expert
dressmaker, worked for the small pittance
that barely kept soul and body together.
Bhe was only 29 years old. but her short
life had been one of toll and sorrow.
There was not a dime in the house when
death visited the self-sacrificing wife and
mother, and unless charitable hands are
Interposed she will be buried as a pauper
by the city undertaker.
luaimed for Life.
D. C. Hare, a boy 17 years of age em
ployed in the shipfltting department at
the Union Iron Works, was cutting a
piece of wood yesterday morning with a
circular saw, when his left hand slipped
and was cut through to the wrist. The
boy was taken to the Receiving Hospital
in the patrol wagon, where the hand was
amputated by Dr. Weil. The boy lost
considerable blood owing to the long dis
tance the wagon had to go and come.
He lives at 1607 Eleventh avenue. South
San Francisco, and was just about com
pleting his apprenticeship.
You can get a good Gibson piano at
Mauvais 1 , 769 Market street, for ?250. •
were never turned out of a shipyard. They
have now been in commission nearly
sixteen years, and never had a
serious mishap. Year in and year
(. ut they have been making the 6000
mile run to Sydney and 6000 miles
back to San Francisco with the regularity
of clockwork, and far more punctually
than the trains. According to dispatches.
every day. the Western bulletin board
bears the legend, "Overland 6, 8, 12 or 24
hours late"; but the Alameda or Mart
pofa never. Wednesday next the Alameda
will be due in San Francisco from the
Southern Seas, and it will bo a safe bet
that she is alongside her wharf at noon
on the Bth inst. If the Cramps were able
to turn out two such vessels in 1883, what
will they be able to do now with their
perfected plant and added experience?
The three new vessels will undoubtedly
be a credit to San Francisco, and will
spread the fame of California among the
Southern Seas.
THE ZEALANDIA AGAIN
IN TRANSPORT SERVICE
WILL CARRY WAR MUNITIONS
TO MANILA.
Continuance of the Oceanic Steamship
Australia in Her Old Hawaiian
Island Run.
The Government has again called into
service the Oceanic Steamship Company's
Zealandia for transport duty between San
Francisco and Manila. It will be remem
bered that this vessel was used by the
War Department last year and was re
leased from that duty at the close of hos
tilities with Spain. However, the need of
replacing the volunteer forces In the Phil
ippines with the regular regiments and
the transportation of horses, mules and
large consignments of munitions of war
to. Manila have necessitated the re
employment of several steamships.
The Zealandia by reason of her size and
roomy construction was found to be
I amply fitted for transport duty and was
' Immediately chosen for the service. It
whs the intention of the Oceanic Com
pany to put the steamer on the Honolulu
! run in place of the Australia, as the con
! stant work of the latter vessel in her
steady seven-day passages between this
port and the islands has necessitated a
| lay-off for repairs. The Australia will nec
essarily continue on the Island service till
tin' return of the Zealandia, or until some
I other steamer relieves her.
TWO WAYWARD GIRLS.
Daisy Warner Tells a Fairy Story to
Judge Graham.
Daisy Warner, a protty girl, 16 years of
age, was arrested in a saloon on Califor
nia and Dupont streets early yesterday
morning by Policeman Chappelle and Offi
cer McMurray of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children. She was
with Jennie Moyles, a girl 18 years of age,
who bears an unenviable character.
The two girls were taken before Judge
Graham yesterday, when Daisy said she
had been married in a tent at the Presidio
on December 12 to John Gilmore, a tailor,
who had become a soldier.
The cases were continued till to-mor
row, and Officer McMurray found later
that no marriage license had been pro
cured, and Daisy admitted that she had
been romancing. Her father is a soldier
in Manila, and she does not know where
her mother is. Mrs. Montgomery -took
pity on the girl recently and sent her to
the Beulah home, but she ran away from
it on Monday last and joined the Moyles
girl.
Ancient Order Foresters.
On the evening of Washington's birth
day the members of Court Twin Peak-
A. O. F., gave a patriotic entertainment
and a dance in Twin Peaks Hall, which
was artistically decorated. T.he handsome
banner of the court occupied a prominent
place on the platfrom. The very fine pro
gramme that was offered by the commit
tee on entertainment pleased th« large
audience, and the dancing afforded en
joyment for the young folks who believe
that there is nothing like dancing. This
court has of lata received applications
at every meeting.
£>ons of Veterans.
Fair Oaks Camp No. 15, Sons of Veter
ans, had a very enjoyable function in
Ruby Hall of the Red Men's building,
•which was most tastefully decorated with
flags, stacks cf arms and other emblems
of war. There was a literary and musical
programme that included a vocal solo by
Mi-=* Alice Towle. recitation by Miss Julia
Ellis vocal solo by Past Captain Walter
F Howe select reading by Alexander
Williams and an operatic selection in
Spanish by Mrs. L. E. George accom
pnnied by Miss Maria Rahn. After that
an hour was pleasantly spent at progres
sive hearts. In this the ladies first prize,
a rranicure set, went to Miss Julia Ellis.
The skillful playing of Past Captain Law
rance won for him a silver paper knife.
The gentlemen's booby prize, a large yel
low kid, went to Past Captain Handley,
after a hard struggle, while Mrs Plymire
carried away second honors. Then there
wa« a banquet, prepared by Mrs. f . K.
Handley, Mrs. L. E. George and Mrs. D.
B. Plymire. who constituted the commit
tee from the Ladies' Auxiliary. The af
fair was a success in every respect and
was the first of pleasant reunions to be
given by the camp. Several applications
for membership were secured during tne
evening. The division officers present
were Surgeon Plymire. Chaplain W emert
and Quartermaster Handley.
NATIONAL GUARD NOTES.
Hen Have Become Tired of Waiting
for tne Re-establishment of the
State Soldiery.
Another week has passed without any j
definite result looking to the re-establish
ment of the National Guard of the State.
The only thing toward that end has been
the placing of the Dickinson bill on the
special file of the Senate. The men who
had signified thfir intention some time
ago of entering the service have taken on
a huge disgust, and it is doubtful if one
third of those who declared their inten
tion of becoming State soldiers would
now shoulder a musket.
For many weeks scarcely a company
except the Signal Corps of the Second
Brigade and the Naval Militia has held a j
meeting, and a reason for this is that j
there are no officers and no arms with
which to drill. A member of the guard,
referring to this condition of affairs, said
yesterday: "Just see what a condition
the State is in now. There is a company
of good men at San Rafael, but it is use
less, not having an armory nor a stack of
arms. Supposing the proposed break at
San Quentin had been successful, what
protection would the people of Marin
County have had against a mob of des
perate prisoners? If the company at the
place named had been in proper condition
It would have been of great value to the
officers of the county, but the men of the
comnany would have been only valuable
as individuals, and there you are. It is
about time that something was done to
?ut the guard into active service again,
t is to be hoped that there will not be
any need for the services of the National
Guardsmen, but it would be wise to be
S. L. Napthaly. aid on the Sec
ond Brigade staff, has been granted leave
of absence for twenty days.
The medals and bars awarded to the
men who won them at target practice in
1R97 have at last b^en distributed to the
proper authorities for presentation to the
winners. _ .  x . .
William Thnmas Bonney of the rsa\ai
Militia has passed a successful examina
tion for lieutenant commander, as also
did William Speck for ensign.
Clare A. Noble has been elected ensign
for the Sixth Division of the Naval Mili
tia, stationed at Santa Barbara
Next Tuesday night there will be offi
cers' mess on board of the Marion, and a
special guest will be Lieutenant J. E.
Lombard , who was in the naval service
during the recent war.
"A LACK OF INTENT."
Charge of Manslaughter Against As
semblyman Kenneally
Dismissed.
The charge of manslaughter against
Assemblyman Charles F. Kenneally for
causing the dr.-ith of William Quane, an ;
old rrint^r, on December 29 last, was dis- j
irlssed by Judge Mogan yesterday.
In givincr his decision the Judge said j
one of the principal witnesses for the !
prosecution had materially contradicted
his evidence before the Coroner, and be
sid< B there had been a lack of intent. The
evidence showed that the defendant had
merely shoved the old man away from
him, and ho fell, striking the back of his
head against the curbstone.
The prosecuting witness was not vin
dictive," and did not evince any disposi
tion to prosecute the case. He was satis
-1 fied that no jury would convict, and
thought it would put the city and county
j to needless expense to hold the defendant.
ATTORNEY NAGLE'S RING.
Mrs. Nellie E. Rodgers. the Pretty
Milliner, Arraigned for Steal
ing It.
Mrs. Nellie E. Rodgers, the pretty Geary
street milliner, looked smiling and confi
dent in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
morning when her case was called. She
was represented by Attorneys Whittaker
and Linforth. Attorney C. G. Nagle was
also in court and had an attorney to look
afiter his Interests.
When the complaint was read it was
found that Attorney Nagle in drawing it
up had omitted to insert the letter "s" be
fore the word "he."' so that Mrs. Rod
gers was always referred to as "he." The
Judge ruled that this omission was fatal
to the complaint, but agreed to allow the
necessary alterations to be made and the
defendant was instructed and arraigned
on the charge of stealing Nagle's diamond
rlns. By consent the preliminary exam
ination was set for March S.
IRRIGATION DISTRICT SUED.
Damages Alleged to Have Been
Caused by the Bursting of
a Dam.
The Huron Mining Company has begun
a suit in the I'nitPd States Circuit Court
against the Turlock Irrigation District to
recover $23.<W1 damages alleged to have
been caused by the bursting of a dam be
longing to the defendant in the Tuolumne
River.
The overflowing waters blocked the bed
of the ri\er with debris, etc., so that the
plaintiff could not work its mines and
thereby sustained damage to the amount
sued for.
■ ♦ ■
Shielde-. by His Mother.
John Toomey, the young tough who
threw a lighted lamp into the face of his
mother at 323 Harriet street, was yester
day held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Mogan on the charge of
assault with a deadly weapon in $4000
bonds. He was also convicted of battery
upon Policeman J. F. Murphy and sen
tenced to six months in the County Jail.
His mother's testimony was in his fa%'or,
and was so opposed to the truth that the
Judge suggested to the arresting officers
they should prefer ,a charge of perjury
aga"inst her.
Postoffice Appointment.
Robert L. Apple has been appointed
newspaper accountant at station D to fill
the 'vacancy caused by the resignation of
George J. Knox. who has taken a posi
tion in the Hibernia Bank.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"77"
Is Dr. Humphreys' Specific for
Coughs, Colds, Influenza and
GRIP
What it will do!!!
••77" will "break up" a hard Cold that
"hangs on" tenaciously.
»*77" will "knock out" the Grip and
leave no bad after effects.
**77" will check a Lingering Cough
that threatens the Lungs.
**77" w jjj prevent Grip, Colds and
Pneumonia. Carry and take
"77" at the first chill or shiver
and escape.
At druggists or sent prepaid; 25c, 50c and $1.
DR. HUMPHREYS' BOOK SENT FREE.
"Humphreys Med. Co.. cor. William and John
ats., New York. Be sure to get
HUMPHREYS'.
DIVINE HEALING.
won allow
HIM TO LEAVE
THE CITY.
Healer Truth's Big Case, $5,000
for a Man's Eyesight.
Fhe Money Is Deposited in a San
Francisco Bank.
Freats Many Free Every Day of His Life — A
Blessing to the Poor.
A BUSINESS MAN WELL KNOWN
in this city, hearing the wonderful
reports of the work Healer Truth is per-
forming: at his parlors, 440 Geary street,
and being blind for the past year from
what the experts call paralysis of the
optic nerve, and the same experts also in
the same breath pronounce it an Incura-
ble disease. After an examination made
by Dr. Truth the gentleman was told he
could regain his sight If he would go un-
HEALER TRUTH.
der the Healer's treatment, which he
readily agreed to, with the added induce-
ment of $5000, which is deposited in a San
Francisco bank, to be paid Healer Truth
when the gentleman .was able to see
again, which he confidently expects to
do within the time agreed upon. The gen-
tleman, in conversation with a reporter,
said he did not want his name mentioned
until he was cured. A substantial proof
of what Healer Truth is doing in our
city will be found in the cases given be-
low.
Mr. "William H. Barden of 441 Geary
street swore before Justin Gates, 14 Mc-
Allister street, notary public in and for
the city and county of San Francisco.
State of California, that he was cured of
morphine habit of nine years; also rheu-
matism and one blind eye. Mrs. Mary
Barden, his wife, swore that above is
true. .Mr. Gilbert Mansfield, 259 Valen-
cia street, a noted music teacher, was
cured of nervous prostration and trou-
bles of twenty years' standing. Mrs.
Nettie H. Cuddeback, 1213 East Twenty-
second street, East Oakland, of eplleptio
fits.
Mrs. 8. A. Cross, Berkeley, cured of
cancer in the breast. Mr. Charles A.
Harper, 149 Taylor street, city, sore on
leg, necessitating going on two crutches;
was able to go without any and go to
work. Mrs. V. E. Phillips of Reno, Nev.,
cured of paralysis of left side.
Mr. Frank A. Bemis. city, was cured of
organic weakness and loss of vitality.
Miss Dora Gordemeyer, 591 O'Farrell
street, city, was deaf; could not hear her-
self talk; was losing power of speech; is
cured. Mrs. J. M. Brooke's daughter of
Fresno is cured of rupture, nervousness
and eye disease. Miss Maggie Galewan,
city, lost her voice; cured in three treat-
ments. A lady strained her jaw so she
could not eat without pain; cured in one
week. The cures which are made at a
distance are wonderful in the extreme, as
there seems no limit to trie distance the
power can go. Every mail brings re-
ports of cures from all over the country,
made by Healer Truth's absent treat-
ments, which he gives to all who write
him. His mail keeps two people busy con-
stantly answering questions. Dr. Truth
is treating people all over the East,
Texas, .Mexico, Honolulu, Cuba and Eu-
rope.
Catarrh caused k
hoarseness and diffl- #G[fiiiA|^%
culty in speaking. I |l&%T£*Vst3i
also to a great extent J«s*#^|,,«l
lost hearing. By the /imivijfTO^f
use of Ely's Cream V^ Jr&Jff
Balm dropping of mv- W" <$%ff
cus has ceased, voice *»,, w
and hearing are great- X-^^S&Y
ly improved.— J. "W. #\V*JSm»»V
Davidson, Att'y at ,lfi mu— ■'■ i nii—n
Law. Monmouth, 111.
Cream Balm is placed into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief la
immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
—does not produce eneezlng. Large size, 50c;
at druggists or by mall: trial size, 10c, by mall.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St.. New York.
I r DBIIU'6 FOR EITHER SEX.
LC DuUn O Thl* remedy being in-
Ji i 1 1 il directly to the
Sjm* seat of thoHe dlsenses
Q , ■■of the Genito-Urinary
Jff ■■ Organs, requires no
fVj IfTl chance of diet. Cure
JSZ--\^ guaranteed in 1 to 3
Hii I ii Wmall plain pack-
*"■ TT "B& TZT" a S c - h y mall » SI.OO.
\j? U JNb JCflSold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., 8018 A^eaU,
214 Kearny at.. San Francisco. Cal.
PCklekeater's EojtUsb Diamond Biul ' -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
_<S,-n. Original Mid Only 6«aolne. ▲
, ./*|£Nl •Arc, alw»j« relitblo. uiDica •>* /JTV
f> S\ t"- AM Druggist for Chichttter § JTnaiuA X>io.«VL
Lri&nJFF Brand In lied ud Gold meulUo\\|7
T^jjfjboisi. stmicd with blue ribbon. Take VB^
7*l ft^wlio Other. Refute dangtrout nitMtitu- V
I*l — flr tiqnt and imitation: At Dr o^liti, or m< €%.
IC» - 2Jf in* itiinpi for p»rticnl»rt, IMtlmontlU *■<
I ts» 0 " Ballaf for Ladle*," in irtur. t>r retmrs
m \r Br MaiL l»,O0OTMtlmo»l»li. JTaau Paftr.
v «— "r Cfcloheater C'hemleal Co.,Ma4Uoa Bq«ar%
■tU »y aU Local JDrngtUt*. PHIL\OA^Pir
"DR.MQNULTY.
H^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
JL Specialisteure« Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases ol Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men.free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
PatlentacuredatHome. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
t03da!1y ; 6.30 to 8:30 ev'gs. Suudßys, 10 to 12. Consnl-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
p. ROBCOE aiexui/re. M.l>.
26 ; Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
P?9fp]L BALL'S REINYIGORATOB
a^^T^^ Five hundred reward for any caaa
t£ufl Br£B| ne cannot cure. This secret remedy
SDIL HALL'S REIN YU.ORATOI
Five hundred reward lor any cam*
we cannot curs. This secret remedy
■tops all losses In 24 hours, curt*
m^* EJP^H Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele,
fTTI fPVR Ccnorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Stricture*.
Wiii u'JlI Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
f9m f&BB fects self-abuse or excesses. Seat
fcSsscSSaSJ sealed, s2 bottle; 3 bottles,»s; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTB, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Als*
for sal* at 1073 Market st.. S. F. All prl-
vat* diseases qulckiy cured. Bend for fa— boafc,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
|6 to $8 week; $8 to »30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; are grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year.
910
STANFORD WON
BY ERRORLESS
FIELD WORK
Insurance Team Loses
a Close Game.
CARDINAL'S GREAT SHOWING
A SMALL CROWD WITNESSES A
FAST EXHIBITION.
Lanagan's Steady Work in the Box
and His Splendid Support Fea
tures of the Day's
Contest.
If Stanford's representatives put up as
Brood bail later in the season as they did
yesterday in their game with the Fire
man's Fund team, Berkeley will have to
extend itself to land the pennant in the
coming annual tournament. The Cardi
nals played nine Innings without an er
ror, and defeated the local nine by clever
fielding, good base running and hard bat
ting. Added to this, the twirling of Lana-
Ijan was a marked feature. Although he
■was touched up for ten hits, Lanagan
pitched a steady and heady game, fan
ning five of the Fireman's Fund's best
men and only allowing one man to walk
to first. The Palo Alto boys have shown
great improvement in their work. Their
batting was extremely hard, hits well
placed and fielding unusually good.
Despite the fact that four errors are
charged against them, the insurance men
played good ball. Through excellent
fieldir.s: Stanford was unable to score until
the fifth, and then but a solitary tally.
In the next inning, however, the colle
gians cut their opponents' lead down, and
w.Uh victory in their grasp the Cardinal
aggregation tried to lengthen, but barely
managed to add another run in the eighth
inning.
Schmeer at short and McGin at second
were the bright particular stars for the
Insurance men. The game was played in
unusually fast time and was greatly en
joyed by the few hundred spectators who
Witnessed it.
Following is the score: —
sta'nford.
ab. R. BH. sb. po. a. E.
Loughead, ss 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Murphy. 1. I 4 13 0 3 0 0
Etrohn, 2b 4 2 2 0 3 4 0
Bwindelle, c 4 0 10 8 10
Ynunp. lb 4 0 1 0 12 0 0
Wright, 3b 3 110 13 0
Crandall, r. f 3 0 10 0 10
I^anagan, p 3 0 10 0 2 0
Edwards, c. t 3 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 32 4 10 0 27 15 0
FIREMAN'S FIND.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Eehm»er, ss 3 1 0 1 0 4 2
W. Hammond, c 4 0 2 0 4 1 1
Krug. 3b 4 0 2 0 2 2 0
McGin. 2b 4 0 0 0 3 4 0
Weber, r. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Mosktmon, p 4 0 4 0 1 7 0
Follansbee, lb 4 0 0 o 12 0 0
Butler. If 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
J. Hammond, c. f... 3 1 2 0 1 0 0
TotaJs S3 2 10 1 24 IS 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stanford 0 0001201'— 4
Base hits 11101303 •— lO
Fireman's Fund 002000000 — 2
Base hits 01310121 I—lo
SUMMARY.
Two-baße Murphy, Krug, Young-, Moski
mon. First base on errors— Stanford 1. First
base on called balls— Stanf rd 1, Fireman's
Fund 1. Left on bases— Stanford 4, Fireman's
Fund 5. Struck out— By Lanagan 5, by Mos
kimon 1. Hit by pitcher— Double plays
- Krug to McGln to FoHansbee: Strohn to
Ixiughead to Young. Passed balls— Swindells 2.
Tiny of game — 1:25. — Mertea and
Goldsworthy. Official scorer— "Bug" Haslacher.
INDOOR SPORT.
Dlympic. Reliance and Young Men's
Christian Association Active in
the Field of Athletics.
Tndnnr pport i? thriving irt the Olympic
end Reliance club? and the Younp Men's
Christian Association at the present time.
On Tuesday evening the Olympic indoor
baseball team defeated the Y. M. C. A.,
which placed them at the top of the list.
On Tuesday next the Y. M. C. A. and the
Reliance will meet again, this time in the
gymnasium on Kills street.
The teams will line up as follows:
Reliance. Position. T. M. C. A.
Deacon Catcher P iran
rioFenhrlm Pitcher Harbour
platt First base McShane
Holmes Second base
Third base Hanrihsin
I^hnpr Kinht shortstop Shaw
M<-.«klman Left shortstop OoMrich
fjiiiPr I>ft fl. 1.1 Toohy
White Right flf-ld Burnhanl
On March 9 the Olympic Club will
grive a ladies' night, introducing the novel
feature of an indoor base-ball game. The
contesting teams will be the Olympics
and the Reliance and the result will be
accredited to the triplicate schedule.
There will be other numbers on the pro
gramme, whifh is at present being ar
ranged by John Hammersmith, the Olym
pic club leader.
The opening of the basketball season
"ii Friday night by a game between
the Missions of this city and the Athens of
Oakland. On Friday evening next the
jjffio^BajgßF Is the prtco cf the DAINTIEST,
j4osM%fflV JAUNTIEST, most stylish littU
48h. jmwot'Ms*i&r wheel "that ever w **'" the jio, i&
XV Th 20-Year-Old Wheel.
* iUk ' That should easily settle a choice between a Ram-
bler and any other wheel, of any »ortl "NAME,
' QUALITY, PRICE, are what eoaat."
"YOU ARE INVITED TO CALL AND SEE RAMBLERS,
WHETHER YCU INTEND TO BUY OK NOT" »
THOS. H. B. "V-A.R.2SrE"2",
RAMBLER BICLORAMA,
HARKET AND TENTH STS. San Francisco.
Miss-ions and the Spartans will play In
the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium.
The Olympic Club track competition,
which was begun last Sunday, will be
completed to-day. The contestants
will test their abilities in the quarter
mile and the broad jump. So far Burgess
has scored the most points for first place,
with Klarman second.
FOURSOMES AT OAKLAND.
Presidio Golfers Let Contest for Liv
erpool Medal Alone.
Over at Oakland on the Adams Point
links yesterday there were many golfers
and visitors. The event of the day was
the men's foursomes, with handicap,
eighteen holes, match play. The follow
ing entries were made: F. S. Stratton,
E. R. Folger, H. J. Knowles, R. M. Fitz
gerald, Arthur Goodall, W. P. Johnson,
J. M. Taft, A. S. Macdonald, Orestes
Pierce, J. H. Ames, P. H. Remillaid, S.
R. Hutchinson, W. A. Magee, M. Requa.
Richard Cooke, W. de Burgh Whyte and
D. F. Belden. , Several of these, however,
did not actually play.
In the first round R. M. Fitzgerald and
Arthur Goodall defeated D. F. Belden and
J H. Ames 4 up; R. A. Cooke and \V. A.
Mice defeated J. M. Taft and M. Ro
qua 2 up. In the second round R. M. Fitz
gerald and Arthur Goodall played -gainst
X Cooke and YV. A. Magee. but had only
time to play nine holes. The remaining
nine will be played some afternoon of this
week. The prizes are medals presented
by the club.
INTIMIDATED A GIRL.
John Downer, a Hoodlum, Incarcer
ated by Judge Mogan.
Ethel Hall, a pretty girl 19 years of age,
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday
to answer a charge of vagrancy. She told
the Judge that she had run away from
her home in San Jose about two months
ago and was anxious to reform and return
to her parents, who were respectable peo
ple, and had given her a good education.
A hoodlum who gave the name of John
Downer had been threatening her if she
attempted to go back home. Downer was
in court. The Judge called him up and
denounced him as a parasite and warned
him not to intimidate the girl on pain of
being sent to jail for six months. Downer
gave the Judge a saucy answer and was
promptly ordered Into custody on a
charge of vagrancy. The case against the
girl was continued till to-morrow.
Imrline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tuo Daths. Salt water direct from ocean.
■ » ■
Knights of Pythias.
Last Wednesday night the officers of
Golden Gate Company No. 3, First Reg
iment California Brigade, Uniform Rank,
Knights of Pythias, were publicly in
stalled in Pythian Castle in the presence
of a very large assemblage by Colonel J.
JI. Wright, A. Q. M. G. All the local of
ficers were present in full dress uniform.
and. together with the officers and mem
bers of the company, also in parade uni
form, presented a very attractive sight.
The officers for the current term are:
George W. Monteith, captain; T. L. Web
er, first lieutenant; Numar Rose, second
lieutenant; A. J. Roberts, recorder;
George F. Buck, treaurer: A. J. Morrison,
guard, and W. C. Lohmeyer, sentinel.
During the evening the audience was en
tertained with a piano duet by Misses MII
-ler and Silvestrf, "Eligla" and "Faust"
fantasia, for the violin, by Gustav
Rowan; aria from "Faust" and "The
Brook," soprano solo. Miss Irene Silvestri,
and tambourine dance, Miss Mac Cum
mins. These several numbers, all of a
high order, were deservedly applauded.
This programme was followed by danc
ing. The affair was under the direction
of Captain G. W. Mnnteith. Colonel W. J.
Kidd. lieutenant Colonel F. W. G. Moros
co and Lieutenant G. H. Buck.
Reception to the lowa's Men.
An elaborate programme has been ar
ranged by the reception committee and
the Mothers' Club of the Young Men's
Christian Association for the entertain
ment of the lowa's officers and men at
the association's building, Mason and El
lis streets, next Tuesday evening, March
7, at 8 o'clock. John A. Percy will
welcome the guests. The following will
appear in the programme: Knickerbocker
male qu.irtet; Mrs. J. W. Madden, con
tralto; Robert Lloyd, barytone; Professor
Newton and Miss Lydia Jacob, readers;
Eugene Laurant, magician: Dr. H. L.
Dietz, club swinging; and George Baker,
cannon ball work. A special committee of
fifty young ladies will assist in entertain
ing the guests of the evening.
■ m ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. N'oonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
The Juniors.
Thf> Washington day celebration gave
gratification to all the members of the
order, because of the many strangers
who were present and listened with
marked attention to the addresses of the
evening.
The committee of Lincoln Council, Ju
nior Order American Mechanics, is at
\vr,rk making arrangements to give a
suitable reception to the California Vol
unteers on their return from Manila. The
lon will be made one to be pleas
antly remembered by those patriots who
went to the front to defend the honor
i >f the flag. The committee has advices
to the effect that the California boys will
be back before the close of the next sum
mer.
Court Sutro Heights.
Court Sutro Heights No. 136 of the For
esters of America will celebrate its fourth
anniversary on the night of the 25th inst.
by an invitation ball to be given in Native
Sons' Hall. An energetic committee has
the matter in hand, and its purpose is to
make the function, like those of the past,
a credit to the court.
Gone to a Higher Court.
Lieongr Quan Sing, who was Indicted by
the Federal Grand Jury for aiding and
abetting th? fraudulent landing of Chi
nese women at this port, died in China
town last Friday night.
THE SAN TBANCISCO CALL, STTSTD^X, 3IARCH 5, 1899.
CAT-CALLS AND
HISSES GREETED
GOLDEN RULE
A Rebuke to Corrigan
Tactics.
'wanted sardine to win
EXCITING FINALE TO THE
RACING STAKE.
: Formero With Piggott "Up Captured
the Lissak Money — Martin's
Stern Orders on Wheel of
Fortune.
The popularity of Ed Corrlgan, the "Iron
chancellor" of Inglesfde, was attested at
Oakland yesterday, when four thousand
race-goers hooted his crack two-year-old
| Golden Rule as he returned to the stand.
j winner of the Racing stakes. It was no
! doubt the tactics employed that caused
the displeasure of the crowd.
There were but three starters, the Cor
rlgan duo. Sardine and Golden Rule, and
Marcus Daly's filly Ella Boland. The
Corrlgan pair, coupled, were prohibitive
favorites. It was undoubtedly the wish
of the stable to win with Sardine, thus
sparing her stable mate from a penalty.
At the start "Skeets" Martin, on Golden
Rule, broke away first, closely followed
by Ella Boland. Thorpe, on Sardine, hus
tled his mount along, and before a hun
dred yards had been covered cut In, caus
ing Piggott to pull Ella Boland up. The
trio hit the stretch nicely aligned, with
Golden Rule romping and Martin looking
behind for Thorpe. But the Daly entry
seemed to be outfooting Sardine, and
Thorpe again carried Piggott in toward
the rail behind the leader. It was a neat
piece of jockeyship, but Piggott squeezed
between the pair, nearly opposite the
paddock, compelling Golden Rule to win,
and beating Sardine a head for the place.
Piggott received a tremendous ovation
from the crowd, but the hisses, groans
and catcalls tendered the Corrigan pair
were continued for nearly five minutes
This was the only exciting feature of the
day s sport. The Lissak stakes were cap
tured by Formero, the race passing off
without incident. Favorites displayed
rare good taste by annexing four purses
The Lissak stakes for three-year-olds
over one mile attracted a very select field
to the post. Some days ago Formero was
beaten in a race by Olinthus. but Mar
tin's handling of the former was of such
a bungling description that it was plainly
apparent the Sink colt was capable of re
versing the verdict. When the betting
opened yesterday Formero, with Piggott
to ride, opened a 7 to 5 favorite. Then
came a determined play on First Tenor
the Burns & Waterhouse entry, forcing
the books to rub from 4 to 2, and sending
the price against Formero back to the
same quotation. Seven to two was laid
against Olinthus. and 4% to 1 was offered
about Horton. The race was short of de
scription. Piggott took Formero to the
front and, never headed, won cleverly by
over two lengths from Olinthus in 1:41
First Tenor labored along the last half,
but finished gamely, downing Horton a
nose for the small end of the stake.
Prompto. at odds on, led a cheap band
of platers out in the opening six-furlong
scramble. New Moon, ridden by Mounce
succeeded in taking the place from Peter
Weber.
The mile and a sixteenth selling run
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Saturday, March 4, 1899.— Fifty-nint]
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine. Track slow.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
"7CO FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Horse. Age. Weight.
ttm.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
755 Prompto, 4 105 1
7.57 New Moon, 6 100
759 Peter Weber, 3 88 1
759 Bonibel, 3 86 1
756 Stan Powers. 4 10S
757 Midas, a 105
737 Roadwarmer, 6 104 1
74.; Green Hook, a ....102]
7.M Sweet Cakes, 3 101
702 Cardwell, 6 106
759 Naplan. 3 891
I 2
I 5
9
I 8
i 6
I 3
I 1
7
4
_
110
11
...
2 1
*>*•*
6 Vi
4 Vi
7 h
3 1
1 h
11
9 1
8 4
10 2
1 1
6 tt
7 1
3 Vi
8 3
4 2
2 1
9 2
5 tt
10 1
11
12 |H. Martin...
2 n IMounce
3 1 XV. See
4 2 J. Relff
5 1 Macklin
6 3 I. Powell
7 2 Bullman
8 V, Ellis
9 3 Gray
10 4 Harris
11 Devin
1 7-10
6 15
6 30
5 13-2
10 40
10 40
6 6
100 300
15 100
50 200
10 30
Time-%, :25; M. :49tt: %. 1:13%. Winer. H. L. Jones & Co.'s b. h. by Racine-Rose-
bud. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. •-.*.--...
The winner breezed home. With a more urgent ride Moon would have been dangerous.
Weber sailed well with a landlubber at the helm. Bonibel quit. Powell, on Midas, drew the
bat and he quit. Too far for Roadwarmer. .--•»-.;..,-
Scratched— Melkarth 99. Durward 102. Sweet William 105.
_r_JC_ SECOND R.
(Otis purse. $400.
miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
Mm. Mm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
747 Wh'I of Fortune, a. 104
746 Tom Cromwell, 6... 109
761 Roadrunner. a Ill
724 Mistieton, 4 109
717 Reolia, 4 100
' 739 Bonnie lone, 4 104
3
2
1
5
6
4
4 3
2 h
1 2
6 1
6
3 1
2 Vi
3 1
1 1
5 1
6
4 3
In
3 4
22
51
6
4 2
1 ltt
3 6
2 h
4 3
6 2
6
1 h
2 n
3 3
5 h
6
4 tt
1 1
2 6
3 1
4 h
5 3
6
H. Martin
E. Jones
Piggott !
Tl . - -
6-5
-2
10
2
40
20
3-2
2
13
6-2
100
40
[Thorpe ..
Mounce
Ellis
Time— 1-16. :07: 5-16, :31*_; 9-16. :56"4; 13-16, 1:22*.; mile, 1:42; 1 1-16 miles, 1:48*.'. Win-
ner, J. Harvey's ch. m. by Gano- Jennie B. Good start. Won first three driving.
Martin, on the Wheel, made no mistake to-day. Tom Cromwell is In fine fettle. Mistie-
ton stumbled at the start and sulked thereafter.
Scratched— Mori nga 102.
-r-y /"| THIRD RACE— furlongs; two-year-olds; Racing Stakes; value, $1000.
Index. Horse.
ttm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
681 Golden Rule
(589) Ella Boland
(721) Sardine :
1
2
3
1 2
2 Vi
3
1 ltt
2 n
3
1 2
2 h
3
Martin.....
:gott ....:..
1-4
3
1-4
3
*rpe !
•Coupled with Golden Rule.
Time— Va. :24; M. :*«9. Winner, E. Corrlgan's ch. g. by Imp. Golden Garter-Lucille Mur-
phy. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Golden Rule Is a high class youngster. Ella Boland was badly interfered with by Sar-
dine. N
Scratched— 118.
771 FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
ttm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
I Jockeys.
759 Sir Urlan, 3 91
754 Rainier. 3 88
725 Montallade, 6 102
721 February. 5 103
732 Dolore. 5 103
737 Chappie, 5 1.05
730 Meadow Lark, a....
751 Kootenai, 3 96
764 Alicia. 6 100
7
S
5
2
1
3
6
4
•
4 3
6 *_
3 %
2 V,
1 1
6 1 ■
7 3
8
4 m In
6 2 3 tt
2 tt 2 h
1 % 41
3 tt El*.
6 3 * 6 2
7 4 7 5
8 8
1 1
2 h
3 ns
4 1
6 2
6 *_
7 6
8
Devin
Houck .....'...!
II. Martin
Ellis ...I
5
10
-10
6
10
15
8
20
6
7
20
3-5
7
20
20
12
20
15
Gray I
Jones
I, Powell
ISperry
Holmes |
•Left. /
Time—-, 5; M, :49M: %, 1:15. Winner, A. M. Ldnnell's ch. g. by Ori_aba-NadavIs.
Good start. Won first three driving.
The winner received a sweet ride. Montallade was ridden wide in the stretch. Rainier
saved ground at the stretch turn. February blew up. Dolore unable to stay. Sperry, on
Kootenai, should have been tied to his mount. &*W_%
-y-rQ FIFTH RACE—
three-year-olds; the
$1500. ■
Index. Horse.
Mm.
-m.
Str.
741 Formero ■
(741) Olinthus '.'
(349) First Tenor.
743 Horton
3
1
3
4
1 2
2 2
4 .
3 2
11.
2 n
3 2
V4 _
1 2
2 2
3 1
4
1 2
2 8
3 h
4
1 2%
2 2
3 ns
4
I Plggntt
H. Shields....
7-5
7-2
3
4
2
7-2
2
9-2
Thorpe
N. Turner
Time— *4. :25; *_. :50; %. 1:15%; mile. 1:41. Winner. XV. B. Sink Jr.'s ch. c. by imp. Con-
veth-Formosa. Good start. • Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Formero outclassed his field. Olinthus ran " gamely. Tenor had enough three furlongs
from home.
Scratched— Gauntlet 110. Rio Chlco 107, Corslne 110.
_J_f*\ SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
ttm.
"-*-*.
Str.
Fin.
748 Midlight, 5 106 3 13 13 12 . ... 11 I H.Martin *3 4
(739) Torsida, 4 .109 1 4*4. 3h 3tt ... 2 V, Turner 4-5 4-5
«99 Castake. 4...V. 102 5 7 2 7 2 7 6 ... 3 h J. Relff 50 100
(755) Highland Ball, 4.... 108 4 31 5% 61 - ... 42 iMacklln ...... 12 20
737 Etta H, 5 114 2 '2 2 21, 2 2 . - ; ... j< 6 V, G.Wilson..... 6 13
747 Wyoming. 6 ....Ill 6 5 V, " 4 V, 4 h .... 6 3 ... H. Shields.... 5 8
739 Hohenzollern, 5 114 7 61 6tt 6% ... 7 3 [Piggott 10 10
687 Joe Cotton, a.. ......105 8 8 8 8 ... 8 ' Romero 300 500
748 Midlight, 6 106
(739) Torsida, 4.. .109
«99 Castake. 4..... 102
(755) Highland Ball, 4.. ..108
737 Etta H. 5 114
747 Wyoming. 6......... Ill
739 Hohenzollern, 5 114
C87 Joe Cotton, a.. ......105
3
1
5
4
2
6
7
8
1 3
<*.
7 2
3 1
'2 2 .
6 m"
6 1
'■. 8
1 3
3 h
7 2
5%
2 1 .
' 4 tt
6 Mi
8
1 2
3 tt
7 6
6 1 .
2 2
4 h
6 tt
8
11 H. Martin.....
2 M Turner.;......
3 h J. Relff
4 2 IMac-lIn ...... j
5 M G. Wilson.....
6 3 ... H. Shields....!
7 3 iPIggott I
8 * Romero j
Time— :13: %. :37; "4. 1:02: %. 1:27%. Winner. F. J. Kittle-nan's br. m. by Imp. Mid-
lothian-Electric. Light. Good start. Won first three driving.
The start beat Torsida. She was hard ' ridden . the - first ; part to get a position. ■ The
. Winner off flying. Etta H found the route too far. Wyoming had the "reverse English" on.
Scratched— Gotobed 105, Guilder 108, Jerry Hunt 97, Gold Fin 94, Major Cook 105.
saw Joe Harvey's good mare. Wheel of
Fortune, close a slight choice over Tom
Cromwell. Bullman had been engaged to
ride the mare, but while at the post in
the first event astride Roadwarmer, was
kicked and quite severely Injured by Bon
ibel. This necessitated a change of rid
ers and Mr. Harvey secured the services
of Devin. The betting had progressed for
some minutes and the judges thought a
more experienced rider should be put up.
They mentioned "Skeets" Martin but
Mr. Harvey demurred, saying he d d not
like the ride Martin gave his mare in her
previous race. But Martin was substi
tuted and Mr. Price, presiding steward,
retired to the paddock, where he read a
very interesting lecture to Martin.
"Skeets" handled the "Wheel" faultless
ly and she led Tom Cromwell past the
tape a length in 1:45»4. .
Montailade had a strong call in the
betting on the fourth number, a six lur
long sprint, but could not land, in a
driving finish Devin, with the leg upon
the 7 to 1 shot, Sir Urian, reached the
wire a length before Rainier, the favor
ite ending up in third position.
"Daggle" Smith's handy performer
Torsida, ruled a topheavy choice In tne
betting on the closing seven furlong run,
but Ferguson was unkind to her at tne
start. Midlight, ridden by Martin, awa>
living, won all the way. Turner, on the
favorite, got up in time to take the place
from Castake, a 100 to 1 shot, piloted by
John Reiff.
Track Notes.
Johnny Woods, the jockey, will leave
for England to-night. He will make his
first appearance on the English turf
astride one of the horses owned by ex-
Jockey Alex Covinton.
Chase & Mendenhall held a very suc
cessful sale in the paddock at Oakland
track yesterday. The horses in tra ning
owned by Tom Ryan brought the follow
ing prices; Goal Runner, $1000, G. vv.
Scott; Al. $225, J. Agnew; The Wooer, $400,
F. Ireland; Montailade, $900, Al Smith.
First Call, the property of P. Ryan, was
knocked down to the bid of J. Coftey tor
$1500. Garnet Ferguson secured Dare 11
for $1050. The latter horse races in tho
colors of Sloan & Hurst.
ECHOES FROM THE LINKS.
March Is the Great Golfing Month at
Del Monte.
On Saturday, the 25th ult., there was no
competition on the Oakland links, though
several pairs played friendly practice
matches. This afternoon there will be
men's foursomes for medals to be pre
sented by the club. As several Improve
ments in the course have lately been car
ried out whereby some of the holes have
been lengthend. new score cards are in
preparation and will shortly be issued.
On Friday next, March 10, the
ladies' handicap monthly competition
for the Winslow medal is announced to
take place at the hour of 10 in the morn-
Ing. Miss M. B. Houghton is the present
holder of the medal, having won it at the |
February competition. She is not, as has j
been recently stated, the lady champion
of the San Francisco Golf Club, for the
ladies' championship event is held only
once in each season, and the date set for '
it on the schedule of events for 1898-99 is
May 16 and 17.
There has not hitherto been very much
play on the Del Monte golf links, but 1
March is the great month for golfers j
there. The San Rafael Golf Club is in
creasing rapidly in numbers. It now has
140 members and has raised its initiation
fee from $10 to $25. T. W. Tetley, who ]
laid out the links, is at present in South- j
crn California, and reports that he has an
unusually fine stock of clubs and other i
golf necessaries on hand. An instructor's j
house will be built on the links, which ;
will be occupied by T. W. Tetley on his
return.
The work of dredging Lake Merritt and
draining the arm "between the power house i
and the eighth putting green of the Ad- '■
ams Point links is advancing rapidly. A j
levee now runs round one side of the :
green surrounding the eighth hole, and the
following ground rule has been posted at !
the clubhouse: "'Where a ball is driven
Into the water beyond the levee on ap- i
proaching the eighth hole the player may \
drop another ball at the place where the I
last play was made and count another
stroke."
Stoe Los Angele-s Country Club is a cor
poration, and has more than 200 regular ]
and associate members. Its president is
M. S. Severance, and its secretary-treas- ;
urer is John D. Foster. It has a tract of i
forty acres and a nine-hole course, with a j
handsome clubhouse, near the electric
road to Santa Monica. Though it bears
the name "Country Club," it interests it
self mainly in golf.
GOOD BETTING
ON DOG RACES
AT INGLESIDE
Sportsmen From the
East Interested.
SOME VERY LONG COURSES
VANITY FAIR AND WHISK
BROOM HUN FOUR MILES.
The Hounds That Baffled the Sports
Who Are Supposed to Know the
Good From the Bad When
Selecting Winners. '
Quite a large crowd of sport lovers took
advantage of a beautiful day and wit
nessed the run down of an excellent
coursing card yesterday at Ingleside
Park.
Among the admirers of coursing who
put in an appearance at Ingleside was
Mr. Massey of Wyoming, who is on a
business visit to this coast. Mr. Massey
arrived on Friday, and immediately hunt
ed up his old friend Judge Grace.
"With me there arrived a few particular
friends," said Mr. Massey, "which are
commonly called longtails. The dogs that
have been accustomed to cold weather,
but who in future will enjoy the pleasures
of your beautiful climate, are named
Wigmore, 4Vi years old; Winning Style, 3
years old, and Marcus, 4' 2 years old The
two former dogs were born in the Emer
ald Isle, and when they will have become i
acclimated I think they will render good
accounts of themselves. Marcus is a big!
and strong follow, who will tip the scales j
a * 65 pounds. He is by Boomerang-Pearl I
of Peking. I think the new arrivals will
do well after they have had a chance to
study the country."
The coursing of yesterday was, as is
usual, hrst class, and the large concourse
ot up-to-date sporting men left the park
fully determined to be on the grounds at i
an early hour to-day to see the final runs I
of the meeting.
The longest course of yesterday was be
tween \ anity Fair and Whisk Broom. It
lasted 3 minutes and 45 .seconds. Those
who played the short ends on the follow
ing races retired with smiling faces, viz.:
Capadura vs. Black Night; Lawrence vs.
Royal Buck, the oads 5 to 1; Peter M vs
Persecution; Black Bess vs. l.i.ssuk- Be-
n ,'. < ;!j S oy vs - J ' as Palmas; Johnny R vs.
Wild Traleo; Magdallah vs. Grasshopper.
The dogs that won and lost in the run
down of the puppy and all-age stake are:
Ingleside Coursing Club puppy stake run
down— Twilight Jr. beat Nancy R, 13-6; Eleven
iil '°}j!f at . Ml)S * Rosf '- s "°: Emprew beat Chief
or Hill, b-4; St. Elmo beat Richmond Queen,
16-7; Morse's Patrol beat Lady Bell, 12-0; Olym
pus beat Mary Ann, 9-6; Honeymoon beat
Sweet Briar, 6-5; Pleasant Girl beat Snow
storm. 6-0.
Open stake; result of the run down— Prince
George beat American Eagle. 11-4; Black Night
beat Capadura, 4: - 0; Vanity Fair beat Whisk !
Broom, 23-11; Glen Chlbe beat Sunburst, 6-4;
Lawrence beat Royal Buck. S-4; Mystic Maid
beat Kerry Gow, 3-2; Biriy Gladstone beat
Bendalong, S-3; Peter M beat Persecution, fa-1;
Lady Klma beat Belle of Moscow, 10-8; Norah
beat Melba. 10-0; Rpglna beat Tocaloma. 13-4;
Royal Prize beat Commodore, 4 1 -t-0; Hadiwist
beat Fedora, 6-4; Black Bess beat Lissak, 8-2;
Mohawk beat Petroniu<= 19-5; Pastime beat
lowa Boy, 7-5; Thornhil! beat Galivant, 4-2;
Maud S beat Lottie M, 4-2; l_as Palmas beat
Beniria Boy, 9-1; Tod Sloan beat Scot Freei
4-1: Rusty Gold beat Blue Violet, 14-7; Scout
beat Maid of Bail. 8-0; Flying !!u.-k brat Non
pariel, 6-1; Clifton Lass beat Gj-anuale 5-4-
Luxor beat Fe;ir Not 3-1; Royal Oak beat Nelly
B. H-.">; Maid of Erin beat Hummer. 4-3; Mount
ain Beaut; beat lowa Girl. 6-0; Victor Queen
beat Doll;* Varden, S-3; Pox Kenny beat Bona
Dea, 8-2; Maid of Hill beat Arab, 6-0; Low
lander ran a bye; Wild Traice beat Johnny R,
5-1; Tommy Rex beat Van Knapp. 10-5: Cava
lier beat Twin City Girl. 16-9; Magdallah beat
Grasshopper, 6-3.
AT UNION PARK.
Dogs Ban to Form in the Open
Stakes.
The coursing at Union Park yesterday
was of a high order. The beautiful
weather drew an unusually large crowd,
and the betting was lively. The dogs ran
well to form, except in the Consolation
stake, and the favorites had the best of
it. The hares were fast, and many of the
courses were long and exciting. Dennis
& Porter's October Woodcock, an im
ported brindle dog, by Meilford Swell, out
of Neredah, made his debut and beat W.
Creamer's Jersey Lily easily, leading to
the hare by ton lengths. Great things are
expected of October Woodcock, and he
and Interesting will probably be the final
contenders to-day.
Minneapolis was a 10 to 1 favorite over
Star Pointer and won. but not until she
had been forced to run for her life. Star
Pointer surprised every one by his game
ness. Rock Island Boy made Beauty
Spot look like a counterfeit dollar, al
though both dogs were even money in
the books. The former easily led to the
hare and killed in a lightning drive be
fore Beauty Spot could score. Moondyne
had a narrow escape in his course with
Pretender. lie was slipped unsighted and
ran wild three-fourths of the distance to
the hare. In the pointing he was fre
quently off, but managed to take charge
of the hare after a long run and score
enough points to win.
Hurricane on the short end upset Ida
in a fairly long course by superior speed
and better handling of the hare. Van
Cloie, against whom was laid 5 to 1, gave
Royal Flush a warm argument. He won
by a nose in a short course. Tic Tac, the
favorite at 2 l ? to 1, was easily beaten by
Victor King in a hard course. Green Val
ley Maid, In her course with Swedish, was
the favorite. She had hard luck, the hare
favoring Swedish in the wrenches, who
won by a good margin. O'Grady kept up
the short-enders' victories in the Consola
tion stake by easily defeating One Spot, a
2Vi to 1 favorite. Flush and False Flat
terer ran to form and helped backers of
favorites to recuperate. Miller's Robbie
beat War Cloud easily, the latter quitting
like a dub, and a fresh hound was turned
loose to kill the hare in order to save Mil
ler's Robbie. Firm Friend, a 9 to 1 fa
vorite, easily beat Belle Seward.
The following is the way the dogs ran:
Hurley & Rielly's O. K. Capitol beat A. Mas
sey's Hattle; F. Moran's Gulden Russet beat
T. Logan's Mtss Grizzle; Handy & Smith's
Jennie WliSOfl beat F. A. McComb's Little
Joker; J. Seg-gersnn'.s White Chief beat H.
Weber's Montana; Pasha Kennels' Emln Pasha
beat M. Loudon's Sharkey; W. F. Hobbs' Mercy
May be&9 Larkey & Rock's Van Needa; T. E.
McEldowney's Rosebud beat T. A. Uaffney's
Sir John A mot; J. Perry's Commodore Nash
beat D. Healys Matchless; Handy & Smith's
Dauntless beat J. Seggerson's Gold Hill; Kay
& Trant's Sylvia beat Dailey & Prebeln's Shy
look Boy; Pasha Kennels' Metallic beat A.
Massey's Lightfoot; R. Scott's Lord Byron beat
C. Strahl's Jimmie Cork; W. Creamer's Report
beat R. Scott's Garden City; Dennis & Porter's
October Woodcock beat W. Creamer's Jersey
Lily; H. F. Anderson's Crawford Braes beat
Pasha Kennels' Fair Helen; F. Moran's Bit
of Fashion beat M. Loudon's Magneto; J.
Flynn's Hicks beat F. Moran's Snapshot; O.
Lahusen's Fireball beat I. L. Sears' Beauty;
J. H. Smith's Merced beat Kay & Trant's Lady
Norbaine; J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory beat
Kay & Trant's Christmas Day; R. E. de B.
Lopez' Minneapolis beat C. Strohl's Star
Pointer;: W. Creamer's Jesse Moore ran a bye
with Little Joker; Dennis & Porter's Interesting
beat O. F. Moore'e Decency; Larkey & Rock's
Myrtle beat F. Moran's Flying Boy.
In the John Grace cup. Consolation stake. R.
C. Scott's Rock Island Boy beat Yosemlte Ken
nels' Beauty Spot; George Whitney's Theron
beat Yosemite Kennels' Wild Lassie; J. Dean's
Moondyne beat R. K. Malcolm's Pretender; Ed
Evatt's Hurricane beat Handy & Smith's Ida;
F. A. McComb's Royal Flush beat R. K. Mal
colm's Van Cloie: R. C. Scott's Victor King
beat I. F. Halton's Tic Tac: K. Kavanaghs
Hwerllsh beat It. E. de B. Lopez' Green Valley
Maid; A. Baumelster's O'Grady beat G. Van
Bergen' s One Spot; F. A. McComb's Flush beat
Frank Passon's Kitty Scott; Handy & Smith's
Victor ran a bye with Ida: F. Moran's False
Flatterer beat John Eagan'6 Mayflower; J. H.
Rosseter's Miller's Robbie beat Al Austin's
War Cloud; J. H. Rosseter's Firm Friend beat
J. H. Perigo'a Belle Seward; T. Butler's Susie
beat Dailey & Srebein's The Exile.
You can obtain all the local and tele
graphic news every day for one cent per
day by subscribing for the Daily Report;
25 cents per month by carrier; One Cent
per copy at office. • •
ADVEBTISEME3TTS. __-_—— ~~— —
18QQ T'FI IDII \I C
ILTRIBUNE
Streak I 1>1 ! I^-.V 1: - • "
ALWAYS HAVE BEEN KNOWN TO BE GOOD BICYCLES.
popular prices $40 and $50
Racers • $J5
30-inch Wheels $50 ;
Also a good serviceable- wheel (fully guaranteed) — $25
OLD BICYCLES TAKEN IN EXCHANGE.
All the world's Indoo- records from 3to I The fastest mile rld 1 d . e1 J. 4^3:5, !lf by
,5 ro.les bro en by FLOYD MoFARLAND on ployd" MeFARLAND, on January 29, 1899.
February 22 oo a BLUE BTHEAK TRIBUNE. at San Jose. Cal.
THE TRIBUNE IS THE EASIEST RIDING BICYCLE IN THE WORLD.
tr\EZ? WJf\¥ ¥ J57 TWENTIETH AND
.. UkJIZ n\JL,L*C fqlsqm STREETS.
YACHTSMEN ASTIR.
Pleasure Craft Will Soon Leave Their
Winter Quarters. •
On Monday evening the yacht owners
of the San Francisco Yacht Club will
meet at Commodore T. L. Hill's house to
discuss the programme for the coming
season prepared by him, and to suggest
any changes that may seem desirable.
Commodore Hill has already appointed
ex-Commodore W. N. McCarthy, ex-Vice
Commodore G. T. S. White and G. D.
Campbell as the regatta committetr-, and
R. H. Morrow, L. Q. Havens and M. H.
Hernan as delegates to the Pacific Inter
club Yacht Association. The opening day
will probably be April 29. It is proposed
that there shall be a chowder supper at
t> in the evening at the clubhouse, and
dancing afterward. A tug will take guests
back to San Francisco after the dance.
The arrangements for the opening day are
in the hands of a committee consisting
of Frank L. Platt, Dr. A. W. MeKenzie,
M. H. Hernan, J. R. Savory, L. Q. Havens
and Mr. Holbrook. On Sunday, March 12,
Commodore Hill will bring the sloop Cyg
nus down from the Corte Madera Creek
to Sausalito, where she will be put into
commission early in April. The cutter
Folly, built by the Davidson brothers after
designs by Burgess of Boston, will be
sailed this season by G. D. Campbell.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
directors ot the Corinthian Yacht Club,
held on Thursday evening, H. H. Gorter
was appointed measurer, having held this
office in 1892 and 1893. J. H. Hopps, ex-
Commodore A. J. Young and O. Eastwood
were appointed delegates to the Pacific
Interclub Yacht Association. A commit
tee, consisting of J. V. O'Brien, E. F.
Sagar, \V. Howe, W. H. Crowell. H. T.
Hawks and T. J. Kavanaugh, was ap
pointed to arrange the Jinks for opening
day. E. S. Emmons was appointed floor
manager, and the following were appoint
ed on the floor committee: T. W. Ran
some, W. S. Grover, W. H. Feldman, J.
S. Mattoon. P. W. Hurndall and R. R.
l'Hommedieu.
The bridge to the lagoon will be opened
on March 26, and all yacht owners are
requested to have their boats ready to go
through the bridge, as the tide is not a
particularly high one on that day. Open
ing day will be April 22 and dosing day
October 21. A yacht owners' meeting will
be held in about a fortnight to decide on
the details of the programme for the sea-
O Eastwood has sold his little yawl
Kittlwake to George Wellington, who will
sail this season with ex-Commodore J.
W Pew on the sloop Truant. R. R. l'Hom
medieu and S. C. Delamater's sloop Phoe
nicia, which was raffled recently with all
her fittings, was won by A. B. Moulder,
secretary of the Giant Powder Company.
S C. Delamater will form one of ex-Com
modore A. J. Young's crew on the sloop
The annual meeting of the Encinal
ADVERTISEMENTS.
When a Man
Is Afflicted
With a Contracted Ailment
Or a Weakness
He Should Consult Specialists of Known
Integrity and Ability.
DR. MEYERS & CO. FOUNDED 1881.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have long been recognized as the most successful
physicians in America.
DR. MEYERS & CO. cure all ailments and weakness of men recently con-
tracted or in a chronic state.
DR. MEYERS & CO. rebuild shattered constitutions in the shortest time
possible consistent with a permanent cure.
DR. MEYERS & CO. passed the experimenting stage more than 18 years
ago. They do not doctor symptoms, but cure the disease.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest and best equipped medical institu-
tion in the world and the most extensive practice.
DR. MEYERS & CO. do not ask for money until their patients are cured.
The price may be deposited in any bank in San Francisco on these conditions!
DR. MEYERS & CO. will accept small monthly payments if the patient
does not care to deposit or pay the price for a cure when treatment is com-
menced.
DR. MEYERS & CO.'S prices are always reasonable, and all cures are aa
lasting as life. They make no charge for consultation or advice at office or
by mall.
DR. MEYERS & CO. do not resort to the U3e of electrical appliances or
other dangerous stimulants to deceive and injure their patients' health and
to get their money. Nor do they use poisonous or injurious drugs.
DR. MEYERS & CO. cure and restore thousands of men annually without
seeing them. Sufferers who cannot call should write for private book, ad-
vice and treatise on any disease. All letters confidential. No printing on
books or packages to indicate name of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 "K£F
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours, Bto 5 daily; Evenings, 7to 8; Sundays, 9to 11.
Yacht Club will be held next Tuesday,
when a new board of officers will be elect
ed. The Enclnals do not follow P°» tlc
methods in their choice of dlrecto^i "2
nominating committee being appointed
and no ticket being prepared. Secretary
H. M. Landsberger intends to resign nl3
° The" Oakland Canoe Club will have plen
ty of racing this season. The following
programme has been prepared:
March Club handicap for sloops.
April 9— Mixed race for canoes and sioop".
May 7-Club handicap for sloops _
June Open race for yachts under twenty
two feet. t
July CluD handicap for sloops.
August Open race for yachts under iwen
ty-two feet. ,
September 3— Club handicap for sloops.
October B— Mixed race for canoes and sloops.
November 6— Club handicap for sloops.
December 3— Mixed race for canoes ana
sloops.
TENNIS NEWS.
The rain played havoc with the tennis
cracks last week. Some very important
matches which were arranged for Tues
day and Wednesday were perforce post
poned, and the other two days of the
week saw but little active work on the
courts. •
The Whitneys. Robert N. and George,
and Root and Bliven played a hot match
on Thursday. The former team gave the
latter thirty and it proved too big a hand
icap, for Root and Bliven won out in, a
very close set of 10—8. The four players
then engaged in a series of singles, pro
ductive of some very close scores with
an equal division of honors on all sldrs.
During this week the players of trie
California Club will get together and ar
range for a number of club tournaments.
Doubles, singles, mixed doubles and la
dies' tournaments will be on the pro
gramme.
■ m ■ ■
Handball Entries.
In addition to the usual attractions fit
Ryan's handball court, SSS Howard street,
an invitation has been extended to John L.
Sullivan, who is now in this city, to virit
the court and take a hand in the popular
game of which he is a champion. On a
previous visit to this city Sullivan gave
an exhibition of his ability to keep the
little hall in motion which caused the
local athletes to hunt their rooms. It is
expected that he will take a turn in the
court on Sunday afternoon. The regular
entries are:
J. Kirby and P. Repan vs. E. Barry and
M Kirby; M. McT.auKhlin and J. Dowllng vs.
P Ryan and J. Lawless; A. McVlcker and J.
Condon va T. l.ftich and G. Smith: L. Water
man and E. McHonough vs. N. J. Prenderjcast
and D. J. Pheehan; T. Serres and E. White
vs A. Whiteman and J. Glynn; J. Riordon
and J. Collins vs. J. White and M. Magruirn;
.1. C. Nealon and R. Linehan vs. T. F. Bonnet
and A. Hampton.,{ 1 "; ADVERTISEMENTS.
l
[CITYOF^fe PARIS;
I DRY GOODS COMPANY. ®
I I
| ...SPRING OPENING 0F... |
I Rich Novelty Silks I
| /VVONDAY, MARGH 6th, t
(i). ■ . * . • ■ ■ ■' ' ■^ -
+ . ...coMPir/s/w0... ®
; ELEGANT FOULARD SILKS. ®
I PATTERN DRESSES, in Checked Fancy Border Taffetas. ?
|, Striped and Checked TAFFETA SILKS, |
- | 50 pieces FRENCH POPLINS, the latest colorings. i
I 100 pieces HEAVY TWILL WASH SILKS, new designs. §
t 200 pieces TAFFETA LINING SILKS, all colors. X
m ■ r l
* o
$£?s£• We shall receive daily by express all the latest Silk Effects produced by the +
//.:$;• leading manufacturers of America and Europe. ?
'■■v.< 3*.. - : ■ ®
.'••; ■■+[. COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. ♦
®
•¥■ " — -f
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 5
'•X" S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco. ?
® UNION SQUARE. t
T +
SAN QUENTIN
CONVICTS UNDER
DOUBLE GUARD
More Knives Found in
Convicts' Cells.
COOPER KEPT OUT OF SIGHT
THE 'STOOL PIGEON" WILL ASK
FOE A PARDON.
Shields Is Now Said to Have Been
Mixed Up in the Smuggling
of Opium Into the Prison
All was quiet over at San Quentin»Peni
tentlary yesterday, but extra precautions
•were, tak-n by Warden Hale to prevent
the" possibility of a successful outbreak
among the convicts, and last night the
guards w< •■■ doubled for the Bame reason.
'.There wen no new developments during
the day further than the linding of the
rriold in which the skeleton keys found in
the,.'colls of the .conspirators were made,
together with the soap, with which the
clever rascals secured impression of the
looks to the doors of the prison.
Cooper, the convict bo spoiled the
plans of his fellow-prisoners by betray
ing I em to the Warden, is kept secluded
and closely guarded for fear he may meet
with summary punishment at the hands
of friends of the men he betrayedj who
R-'oujd undoubtedly take desperate
sha rices to wreak their vengeance on the
traitor. Cooper is In a very unenviable
position. He is not only cursed by the
:onvicts, hut he is looked upon with con-
U rapt by the very Ulcers whose lives he
ciaims to have saved by giving informa
tion that enabled them to nip a plot to
murder them in the bud. Cooper expects
"*.<■/ -secure a pardon as his reward, and
Mil ttiake a plea before the prison direct- i
)/« when they meet at the penitentiary
jest Saturday. ; *-
' \Var< Hale said yesterday That he had |
fiver, up the iroh for the revolvers said
o hkve been smuggled Into the prison, as :
t was almost a hopeless task to locate j
Them, as he knew from previous experi- ;
vnee. He is conJidcntthe men in the dun- •:
-;*H>n will finally u-ll .where the weapons :
•ire hidden, and he ig content to wait until !
.;lien,.as he 3e satisfied that all the men j
■ n the plot, which Includes all! those who
;no\v. the hiding place of the pistols, are
•■afely locked in the dark ce!l3. It maybe a
v£.*k and it ma be three weeks before |
j .<■]!>-. of broad and water served in the i
IJlence and darkness of th"< dungeon will
tring. the men to terms, but it is sure to
lo so sooner or later, and the Warden
ays tie is In >>o hurry.
There has been considerable talk among
he ards at the penitentiary regarding
he iismlssal of GuArdi Shields, and the;
Vanden took occasion yesterday to posl-
Jvr-iy dony that Shields' discharge was |
(tic to any connection he may have had
t ith the alleg< d plot of the eight des
'•rate'eonvicts to break. out of the prison.
Je Vaguely Intimated that Shields In- 1
urred his displeasure, through his sup- ]
posed connection with an attempt to
mugglc opium Into the prison about a
mnth ago. It may interesting to note i
hatihis attempt was also balked through
i" Instrumentality of the "stool pigeon," [
•••■. The latter told' Captain Edgar
hat Shields was bringing opium into the |
■r4Son and hiding it in the water closet,
rhAre it could be I lund by certain con- ;
icts. A watch was Bet, and a few days '•
iter. Cooper Informed Captain Kdgar th'nt j
npther consignment of opium h«d ar-
X < d.
Upon Investigation a package of the
rug was found in a lavatory, but thece
ras no evidenci to connect Shields with
be aJTair other than the word of the con
ict. Cooper. Warden Hale will not
harge Shields with "standing in" with
he.l convicts, but the discharged guard
»us£havo had an intimation of what was
omiiig, as he removed his fumil.. and
Qusehold effects from the house in San
fuentin. which he occupied, two weeks
ero .'Shields announced before hia de
arture from the penitentiary that he
'ouTd seek reinstatement at the coming
ieetlhg of the Prison Directors.
The -gtiards yesterday found several
dives in addition to those first un-
Irihed, which the conspirators evidently
«a concealed for the purpose of aiding
lem in- making their escape. The knives
.''•ere ..found in the cell of Convicts Gould
rid Morrell. — ___;_.
Hydrants for Precita Valley.
Precita Valley Improvement Club held
b usual weekly meeting at Graham's
All, on Alabama Btreet, on Friday night,
Hh President J. B. Viazard in the chair
nd H. Young secretary. The report of
le'executive committee was read, recom
f'ndlng that the Board of Supervisors be
Kitioned to place hydrants at the inter
tction of the following streets: Harrison
nd No'rwlch, Treat avenue and Precita
renue- and York street and Precita ave
j<- A similar request was ordered Ben]
i the water company, asking it to extend
-v f mains along York street from Army
jW reet to Precita avenue in order that the
'id rants may have a water supply. In
ldilion to the perpetual nuisance at the
- .wer mouth of Bryant and Twenty-sixth
- reets the attention of the Health De
trUaent will be called to the sewer open
ins at Army strpot and San Bruno road.
The tardiness of the contractor with the
grading: of Harrison street between that
street and Precita avenue will be a suh
ject for conpideration before the Street
Committee of the board at the next
mpeting.
Real estate sales and plans for new
dwellings in the Precita Valley give an
Priocipals ir> trje Mysterious Marriage Licerjse
Affair.
assurance of continual progress and im
provements in that section of the city.
Woodmen of the World.
Golden Gate Camp at its last held meet
ing again increased its membership by
initiating eight stra.'ngers into the beauti
ful mysteries of , the order. .".: ;■ '\]
Redwood Camp has been quite busy in
th.- line of initiations, of late, having in a
period of thr.ee weeks initiated twenty
three strangers.
< al:fornla Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft has been instituted with
seventeen' charter members, and there
are on file the applications, of a number of
ladies who desire to join. This circle bids
fair to catch up in a short time with Red
wood Circle in membership.
The Choppers' Club.
The Choppers' Friendship No. 1 of the
Woodmen of the World gave an interest
!7.t} entertainment and dance on the 22d
of last month in the social hall of Forest
ers' building, when there was presented
the direction of George J. Strong
(appointed master of ceremonies) a pro
gramme that included a recitation by Miss
josie Butler, vocal solo by William Riley,
selections on belifl, harmonium and guitar
liv N. Miller, recitation by J. Reardon,
vocal solo by Miss Samuels, dramatic se
lections by Daniel E. Hanlon, vocal solo
by John Murray and recitation by Miss
Alice Perrin. This was followed by danc
uhtll midnight.
El xiorado Druidic Circle.
ESI Dorado Druidic Circle No. 12 gave Its
first anniversary ball in Washington
Square Hall last Wednesday night and
there was present a large number of the
friends of the circle, who enjoyed the
good programme of dances arranged for
the occasion.
This circle at its last held meeting had
four candidates initiated by District Dep
uty John ilutton, after which there was
a social hour. The circle is arranging for
8 panic.
Friends of the Forest.
Owin to changes In Washington Hall,
on Eddy street, Lincoln Liodge of the
Friends of the Forest decided last Mon
day ijiKht to secure new headquarters..
The lodge will hereafter meet in the For
esters' building. 102 O'Farrell »treet, and
on next Monday nlghl will have a houee
warmlng there. l
■ ♦ ■ •
Ladies' tailor-mad" suit*, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 211 gutter.. rooms, ti-7. . ,
iMJ- »AJ>T FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MABCH 5, 1899.
MISS FLORENCE
WILLIAMSON'S
LITTLE ROMANCE
Gossips Ask if She Is
Maid or Matron.
A BROTHER ON THE WARPATH
_______ _____
i
MAHONEY SECURES A LICENSE
TO WED THE GIRL.
Supposed Bridegroom Disappears to
Avoid Becoming a Corpse — Alleged
Bride Declares There Was
No Wedding.
The gossips In the neighborhood of
Wet>ster and Waller streets are in ecsta
cies of delight over the alleged secret
marriage of one of the belles of that sec
tion of the city to a young medical stu
dent. But the joy which attends the mas
tication of this choice morsel is not alto
gether unadulterated, because of the vig
orous, although rather coquettish, denial
of the supposed bride. Still the sight ot
an' angry brother tearing around the
neighborhood with blood in his eye and a
| miniature battery of artillery strapped to
j his person, breathing vengeance and
clamoring for a momentary glimpse of his
alleged brother-in-law in order that he
might perforate him with bullets, has, in
! a measure, atoned for the lack of details
\of the marriage ceremony. No blood has
been spilled up to date, for the very good
reason that the young man has gone into
the country for an indefinite visit, pre
sumably to avoid being made an unwill
subject for the Coroner, and the gossips
are talking more than ever and waiting
to see what the result will be when he
ventures to again put in an appearance on
the scene.
The heroine of the escapade is. or was.
Miss Florence Williamson, daughter of
the late Supervisor Williamson, who re
sides with her mother, brother and two
I sisters at 9S Webster street. The man in
the case is James Mahoney, a young med
ical student, residing at 115 "\\ ebster
street, who is employed, when he works,
in Martin's undertHking establishment on.
J Geary street, thereby adding to his
i knowledge of anatomy and his bank ac
count at one and the same time.
Young Mahoney was 21 years old last
Thursday and started in to celebrate the
event in a manner befitting the occasion.
]n the course of his mranderlngs he hap
! p*ned to meet Miss Williamson, whom he
i had known for several months.
"Suppose we get married?" he sug
gested.
I "All right; I'm willing." 1 replied the
young' lady with refreshing promptness?.
Straightway the pair hied them to "Cu
pid" Danforth and demanded a license.
As the bride-to-be admitted to having:
spent twenty-two summers on this terres
trial sphere the necessary document was
forthwith provided and the happy couple
departed, presumably to have the matri
monial knot securely tied without unne
cessary loss of time. Here all knowledge
of the double-headed celebration of Ma
honey's birthday ends, and whether the
couple were married or concluded to fore
go the ceremony until some future time
is merely conjecture. Mahoney has dis.
appeared and the young lady naively de
clares that she is still h maid.
Nevertheless the . publication of the
marriage license in the dally papers on
Friday caused an explosion in the Wil
liamson household which was heard for
blocks around, and while the neighbors
were wondering at the cause of the erup
tion Dr. William Williamson issued from
the front door armed to the teeth and
eager for a rhance to do battle with the
cause of his mental perturbation. He
raced over to the boarding-house which
had been the abiding place of Mahoney
and nearly frightened the landlady out
of a year's growth by demanding that
the youth be produced at once,, dead or
alive. He was finally convinced that the
object of his wrath was not in the house,
and departed to continue the search else
where. His efforts were unsuccessful, and
he was at last forced to return to his
house without having accomplished his
object.
Miss Williamson appears to regard the
whole affair as a joke, although she pos
itively declares that no marriage < ere
j mony, in which Bne figured as one of the
principals, has taken place. She was very
; much averse to being interviewed last
! night, and flitted in and out of the par-
I lor at her home like a will o' the wisp,
while being questioned.
"You must see my brother. T must re
fuse to talk," she said as she disappeared
Into the hall. A moment later she reap
peared.
"Will you deny that you are married?"
was asked.
"I will most grossly and blankly," she
replied, rather ambiguously, and the dis
appearing act was again successfully ac
complished.
Once more she fluttered into the room,
and, pointing to the photograph of a
rather handsome man on the piano, she
exclaimed: "There Is a picture of the man
I am engaged to. Dr. ." But her sister
put a sharp period to the Interviewing at
this stage, and the alleged bride made her
final exit from the scene.
Dr. Williamson, the brother, a veterin
ary surgeon, talked freely, but he evi
dently has recovered from his abnormal
thirst for gore, and Is now extremely
anxious to hush the matter up.
"There has been no marriage," he de
clared positively. "Mahoney is a nice
young: man and if he and Florence wanted
to get married they could have done so
without making any secret of it. They are
good friends but nothing more. In fact,
my sister is engaged to a very estimable
gentleman — a medical man, whose name I
am not at liberty to mention, as I do not
care to have him mixed up in this affair.
My sister had nothing to do with taking
out the marriage license and neither did
Mahoney. It was all a joke aimed at me [
by certain people, who have annoyed me j
in that manner before. While I am mor- I
ally certain who the parties are, I have no
proof, and therefore cannot give any
names. Mahoney has been in San Jose
for several days, and my sister has not
been out of the house since last Wednes
day, so you see they could not have been
at the marriage license office. A certain
young man went there and, representing
himself to be Mahoney, secured the li
rense and caused it to be published. I will
admit I was very much exercised over the !
affair when I first learned of the trick.
and they are talking about my going j
around gunning for Mahoney. I nevr j
carried a gun in my life, so that is ah- |
surd on the face of it. I have been both- j
ered to death by inquiries concerning my i
sister's supposed marriage, but, as I said ]
before, there is absolutely nothing in it."
Evidently "Brother Bill" does not keep
very close tab on the movements of his
sister, for notwithstanding his positive
statement that she was not out of the j
house on Thursday it is just as positively
known that she did mort Mahoney on the .
afternoon oi" that day ami went with him
to secure the license which has caused all
the turmoil. Miss Williamson is an attrac
tive young woman, and is said to possess
a small foVtune, inherited from her fathor.
Mahonoy is also said to b.e comfortably
fixed financially. It is said he was to re
ceive about $15,000 on his twenty-first
birthday, left him by an aunt, who died
several "years ago. but the tale lacks con
firmation. The young man's father ia
chief engineer of the steamer Acapulco.
ANOTHER PIONEER
HAS PASSED AWAY
DEATH OF ALFRED A. GREEN, A
WAR VETERAN.
Was Instrumental in Defeating Sev
eral Fraudulent Land Grants in
Early Days of This City.
Alfred A. Grcon. a well-known uioneer,
passed away In this city on Friday even
ing last. His death was due to cancer
of the stomach, from which he had been
suffering' for a long time.
Mr. Green was one of the veterans of
the Mexican war and came to this city
as a member of Colonel Stevenson's regi
ment In 1847. He was clerk of the first
Town Council and member of the first
Legislature. Up was on the point of be
ing nominated for United States Senator
when he was called away to Mexico,
where he resided many year*.
Deceased was the original owner of the
Candelaria mine, and Colonel Ingersoll
passed the opinion a few years ago' that
the title was still vested in him and his
partners, Stevens and Burson. It was due
mainly to the efforts of Mr. Green that
the notorious Santillon grant, which cov
ered the public lands of this city, was de
feated. Through him also the La Abra
and "Weil claims were declared fraud
ulent. He obtained the evidence on which
Congress, after years of bitter warfare
on the part of the claimants, decided
against them.
He lectured throughout the United
States with General Caspar Sanchez
Oehia in the interests of Mexico and per-
formed valuable services for that coun
try. At the time of the French invasion
heowned extensive cotton plantations
which were destroyed. He filed a claim
for 1388,000, which was denied, presumably-
Because he refused to use questionable
lobbying taeti-s.
The San Rafael de la Zanza grant, one
of the richest in Arizona, belonged to
him. but is now in the possession of the
Camerons. relations of Senator Don
< ameron, who hold ir under contract and
will settle with his heirs when the contest
is decided by the land court of Arizona
AUrcd A* Green was born in Miramichi.
New Brunswick, upon a large grant given
to his grandfather. Senator Baxter, a roy
alist, who obtained large concessions from
the crown. His wife died one year ago,
and his remains will be buried with hers!
Deceased leaves four children— Mrs. Sain
Shear. Mrs. William Henrty, Mrs. W. J
O'Brien and Alfred T. Green— and three
brothers- William H. Green of this city.
Colonel George M. Green, an officer in the
Mexican army, and Thomas Green of
Charlottetown. Prince Edward Island.
MISSION IMPROVEMENT CLUBS.
1 They Request the Governor to Sign
the Bill Formulated by
Registrar Biggy.
A meeting of the Mission Federation of
Improvement Clubs was held in the rooms
of the Holly Park Club. Highland avenue
and Mission street, last night.
. A resolution was adopted requesting the
Governor to sign the bill formulated by
Registrar Biggy. This bill provides for a
consolidation of election preclncfs and is
calculated to save money for the munici
pality. ,•
i Another resolution was adopted? recom
mending: the Supervisors .to ' devote the
$44,000 in the street lighting funds to pro
viding new lights in the outside districts.
A committee on organization- consisting
.of C. Stader. A. S. I.illie and G. Schnerr
was appointed. This committee will do all
In its power to bring clubs into the feder
ation.
: ■" v ■■■ • : — . ♦ ■
The City of Puebla In.
Early this morning; the transport City
of Puebla from Manila arrived in port
and dropped anchor off Moiggs wharf.
A charming set of waltzes by Mrs. Alma
A. Crowley, entitled "Plney Ridge," has
just been published by Mauvais. • I
ASSAILANTS
ARE ARRESTED
Ballard and Edwards
Neatly Bagged.
:both notorious crooks
PLACED IN THE TANKS AT THE
CALIFORNIA STATION.
i
Detectives Gibson, Wren and HcMa
hon Cleverly Capture the Mea
Who Held Up a Sa
loon Keeper.
Frank Ballard and Harry Edwards,
two clever crooks, who have been under
the eyes of the police for some time,
were arrested last evening and their
names placed on the small book at the
California-street police station. The
crime of which the men are supposed
to be guilty is the robbing of John
Strothoff, a saloon-keeper at 45 Third
street, on Sunday, February 26, and
Detectives Ed Gibson, Ed Wren and
George McMahon, who made the arrest,
have what they believe £o be sufficient
evidence to secure a conviction.
Since the bold robbery a number of
the detectives in the Police Department
have been in search of the guilty par
ties, but -up to the latter part of last
week they were unable to find any
clews to the identity of the criminals.
Through private information, the
source of which they will not divulge,
Gibson, Wren and McMahon recently
learned who the men were, and a de
scription of them was given to all the
officers on the police force.
■ The detectives were not working on
the case last night particularly, but as
they -were passing the corner of Kearny
and California streets about 10 o'clock
they saw Ballard and Edwards within
I a stone's throw of the police station
| and it took but a few moments to place
them behind the bars. They will be
transferred to the Central Police Sta
tion to-day, when charges of robbery
will be placed against them.
Both of the men are well known to
the police. Ballard has served a term
in San Qurntin for burglary and Ed
wards, while he has never been con
victed, has been suspected a number of
times of being implicated in robberies
apd hold-ups. The Palace saloon on
Market street is a rendezvous of the
men, and this place has been watched
since it was learned that they Were
mixed up in the robbery, but they have
avoided the saloon.
The crime for Avhich Edwards and
Ballard have been arrested was one of
the most atrocious jobs that has been
brought to the notice of the Police
Department in many a day. Between
12 and 1 o'clock Sunday morning two
men entered a saloon at 45 Third
street, conducted by John Strothoff,
and ordered some beer. Strothoff was
just about to close up, but as the cus
tomers were well dressed and appar
ently respectable, the proprietor served
them with the liquor. He had just fin
ished counting his day's receipts, and
had put the money in the safe, which
was still open.
After having their first drink the men
called for another, but as Strothoff was
anxious to close up he refused to serve
them the liquor.
He came from behind the counter in
tending to turn out the gas, and as he
passed the ' two men one of them
grabbed him from behind and pinioned
his arms, while the other pressed a
handkerchief saturated with chloro
form to his nostrils. The saloon-keeper
was rr-ndered unconscious in a very few
moments. The bold thieves then helped
themselves to the contents of the safe.
Altogether they secured $96 in money
and a diamond pin. When Strothoff re
gained consciousness several hours
later he was seated in a chair in the
barroom.
The detectives are absolutely certain
that they have the right men. Ballard
was wanted by the police four months,
ago, he being implicated in the robbery
of Alex Brome!!, a wealthy Klondiker.
John Erickson and Maud Smith, who
assisted Ballard in this job, are
now serving eight years in San Quen
tin.
GREAT CARNIVAL OF
ELKS AT ST. LOUIS
LOCAL BRANCH MaKING AR
RANGEMENTS TO GO.
Announced That It Will Be the
Grandest Gathering in the His
tory of the Organization.
The Benevolent and Protective Order of
Elks throughout the I'nited States are
making preparations for the grandest car
nival cvor given in the history of the
order. It will be the Grand Lodge meet
ing and annual reunion at St. Louis, Mo.,
commencing June 20 and lasting until
June 23.
A striking circular lately issued by the
St. Louis branch, who are arranging the
preliminaries for the entertainment of the
delegates to the convention, announces a
"purple week." Twelve thousand dollars
in cash prizes will be awarded, four times
as much as the largest prize list ever
offered, for various forms of competition
among tlie lodges and members in attend
ance, and $1750 in prizes to bands accom
panying the visiting lodges. Low rate
excursions are being arranged "to the
mountains, to the Great Lakes and on
the Great River," which will leave St.
Louis after the festivities are over.
The circular continues in the following
merry strain, and gives one an idea of
what the Elk may expect should he visit
St. Ivouis during carnival week:
"We have $18.00" just 'to blow in' to
make everybody have a good time and go
away saying we are the best people on
earth. Don't be afraid of cold weather:
we'll make it warm for you. We told you
we would do it and we wfll."
San Francisco Lodge No. 3. thn local
branch, will send a representation to the
convention. H. S. Manning, present ex
alted ruler, will be elected delegate and he
will be accompanied by J. O. Reis, James
P. Dunne and Past Exalted Ruler J. R.
Howell. It is the intention to charter a
special car, and there will be delegates
from Chieo, Sacramento. Stockton, Oak
land, Fresno, Los Angeles. San Diego and
probably Bakersfield and San Luis Obispo.
There will be over three hundred and
fifty lodges represented by their exalted
rulers. In addrtion to these there will be
other delegates who may take part in the
deliberations, but will have no voice in
the deciding of constitutional question*.
The business convention will last four
days and will be presided over by Grand
Exalted Ruler John Galvln. The last
three Grfind Lodge meetings have been
held in Cincinnati. Minneapolis and New
Orleans, respectively, and were elaborate
affairs.
The drill corps of the different lodges
will be made a special feature, and prizes
wnl be given to the most, expert. The
lodge sending the largest number of dele
gates will also be rewarded. In fact
prizes will be given for all sorts of prop
ositions.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
WORLD i \7TRi
FAMOUS | VI IN
MARIANI
MARIANI WINE TONIC.
BEFORE DURING AFTER
SPRING FEVER
Malaria, Grippe and Wasting Diseases.
(«SSJr 'ri3k \\fJ^sht
C °CA D(j PEROO * \kD.^2^s^
-^^ '4)111
GENERAL DEBILITY OR NERVOUSNESS.
Written Endorsements From 8000 Physicians,
Write to MARIANI & CO., 52 West Fifteenth street, New York city, for .
album of portraits and indorsements of Emperors, Empress, Princes, Cardi-
nals, Archbishops and other distinguished personages. Sent free. Mention
this paper.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS EVERYWHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES.
Paris — 41 Boulevard Haussmann; London — 83 Mortimer street; Montreal
— St. James street.
THE CITY BOARD
OF HEALTH AND
THE QUARANTINE
What Will It Do With
Dr. Chalmers?
YEARLY COST OF THE PERKINS
CAPTAIN LANE AND THE OBE
DIENT SENTRY.
Four Overdue Vessels "Upon Which
Beinsurance Has Been Paid.
Sailing of the Trans
ports.
City Quarantine Officer Chalmers sails
out on the bay and boar&s the incoming
ships, but he might as well stay up in
the City Hall and entertain the Health
Officer with stories of his wild cruisings.
The doctor carefully inspects the new ar
rivals at the harbor gates and tells them
whether they can come in or not. but he
has no more authority to do so than one
of the sweepers on the water front. Three
Superior Judges of this county have de
clared In effect that there Is only one
quarantine officer for this port and he is
Dr. M. J. Rosenau of the Marine Hospital.
So the Federal quarantine man has ex
clusive jurisdiction.
In the meantime the Board of Health
of this city is asking itself what is to be
done, regardless of the fact that there is
nothing to be done except lay the State
quarantine tug Governor Perkins up ami
discharge the Quarantine Officer and the
crew. Dr. Chalmers gets $150; Captain W.
H Milestone of the tug, $100; Engineer J.
C. Cousins, $100; Deckhand Clem Johnson,
$75; Louis Jones, a messenger for some
body, $75. The abolition of these posi
tions would save $500 per month and the
discontinuance of the tug in a useless ser
vice would save In coal and other running
expenses about $750, or a total of some
! thing like $1200 per month. If the State
Supreme Court says the city quarantine
service is not needed then the city may
save $14,400 a year by letting it go.
Dr. J. M. Williamson, chairman of the
auarantine department of the Board of
Health, stated yesterday in an interview
that the present bill before the Legisla
ture to abolish the San Francisco Quar
antine Office and establish a State office
would place the service on a stronger and
more satisfactory footing. This has been
done at New York and New Orleans, and
there the State quarantine officers have
successfully held their own in desperate
warfare with the Federal officers. If the
bill does not pass. Dr. "Williamson thinks
the only course left for the city is to ap
peal to the United States Supreme Court
form the decision of Judges Cook. Dunne
and Lawlor, or abolish the service. The
doctor holds that if uhe bill becomes a
law its passage will not end the fight be
tween the city and the Federal Govern
ment; it will only make the State a party
in the warfare, which hardly settleß
peacefully the old painful question.
• The following: quotations have been fur
nished on overdue vessels by Marine Un
derwriter M. A. Newell: British ship
Brussels. 100 days from Newcastle. N. S.
W.. to San Francisco, 8 per cent relnsur*
anc.e paid; British ship Carnarvon Bay,
168 days from Tacoma to Queenstown, 30
per cent -reinsurance paid: British ship
Banklands, 155 days from Iqulque to. tho
English Channel, 15 per cent reinsurance
paid; British ship Alcide, 138 days from
San Francisco to London, 15 per cent re
insurance- paid.
Captain Lane of the steamer Valencia
was refused admittance to his own vessel
yesterday morning. A young second lieu
tenant just from west Point came down
to Folsom-street dock with a squad of
soldiers, and, s?eeing a number of people In
common, everyday civilian clothes moving
up and down the gangplank, concluded
that was not war and placed a sentry
with musket and bare bayonet on the
wharf. The first civilian that found that
bayonet jammed against his breast pocket
was Captain Lane. . In vain he tried to
convince . the military man that he was
.the master of that crait, iuid .virtually
independent of the United States army.
The soldier was there to oboy orders, and
not even the captain of the ship could
walk up the gangplank. Nothing could
he dono till the young officer came around
and Captain Lane ku on the wharf
Stringer alongside his ship till he was re
li< yea from his predicarrn-nt. The lieuten
ant was somewhat surprised to learn that
steamships have captains and other peo
ple who "are necessary on board and do
not wear natty military uniforms. The
orders to the sentry wore changed.
The entire Market-street car system
was tied up yesterday, and the stationary
coaches reached in an unbroken string
from the ferry to Kearny street. The
grip of Haight-street car 153 crashed into
the bumper at the ferry turntable, and
the floor of the dummy was wrecked. As
the grip struck the bumper it was
wrenched from the gripman's hands and
dragged down on the track under the
car with a force almost overturning the
coach. A wrecking gang of men worked
industriously for an hour before the road
was clear.
The Valencia will get away for Manila
this afternoon and the Cnnemaugh some
time this week. Over 4'"X) tons of quarter
master and commissary stores will soon
be purchased for shipment to the Philip
pines. This is much more than Folsom
street wharf will hold, and the question
of dock space is growing more trouble
some. When the Government begins to
look around for transportation for the six
regiments to Manila there "will be a call
for steamers.
The French Consul visit.d the lowa yes
terday. and was received -with a salute of
seven" guns. To-nr.r will be general visit-
Ing time to the big battleship, and Cap
tain Henry Peterson will run three steam
launches out to the vessel.
Mike de Pangher, thp invalid baseball
player, will be given a benefit at Recrea
tion Park, Eighth and Harrison streets,
this afternoon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVE YOU
BEEN pED!
If Not, Why Not?
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEANY, THE OLD RELI-
ABLE AND LONG ESTABLISHED
SPECIALIST.
LV. ; . Office 737 Market street.
Where the sick and afflicted can receive
treatment in the future, as they have in
the past, from the ablest and most suc-
cessful Specialist of the age.
Some doctors fail because of trsatlns
the wrong disease; others from not know-
ing the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES. NO FAILURES.
In the treatment of any of the following
diseases. Vitalrty and Vigor imparted to
all diseased organs and perfect cure*
guaranteed: '■-: .^ : -' ..
Kidneys. Brifeht's Disease,
Catarrh, ' Nervous Debility,
£ Throat, Private Diseases,
l.nn Blood and Skin,
Head, " .", Rupture. .;.>
Heart, Rheumatism.
Bladder. -V ; . Diseases of Rectum,
Liver. Spleen. Varlcocele,
Stomach, Hvdrocele,
And all swellings, tenderness and im-
pediments* of the sexual parts; effects of
indiscretions in youth or excesses In
after life, i neglected and improperly
treated cases; lack of vitality; sexual
weakness, dizziness, weak back, falling
memory, despondency,. etc., promptly ana
effectualy cured. • •-. ■< .>. . ; -...•«.■
WOMEN'S DISEASES A SPECIALTY. \
WRITE if you cannot call. Letters con- .
fidential and answered in all- languages.
j HOME TREATMENT-The '.. mps't \ suc-
cessful home treatment known to the •
medical profession. Thousands who were V
unable to call at office have been cured HtSt
home by our special treatment. Consul- i
tation free. Call or address • •• ■•;■*>.;■
F. L. SWEANV, M. D.,
737 Market St.
Office Hours— to 12 m.; 2 to 5 and 7 to 3
. p. m. ; Sundays from 10 to 2.
tvi.it DR. JORDAN'S <*•»<
&gL Museum of Anatomy
Will 1061 HA3»TST.Iiai. 6th* 7th, S.?.C»L.
9 &*!■ rbe Largtitoflti the World.
ira!l\ DR JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Oon.altiHo'a tn«. Writ, fat B.ek
k\l Philosophy of Marriage.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BT'FTNESS OFFICE of the San Francteco
TsJ!. corner of Market and Third streets, open
antl'l 12 o'clock every- night In the year.
ERA-NCH OFFICES— 6J7 Montgomery street,
corner Clf.y: open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 La.-kln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; Of>en
until y o'clock.
venth street: open until 9 o'clock.
dlssion street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-secoM and Kentucky
itrtets; open u'ltil y o'clock.
CHLIICH NOTICES. .
ST. PAUL'S Church, California St., near Fill-
more, the Rev. W. M. Iteilly. rector— Holy
Ci mmunion, 7:30 and at 11, when the Right
Rev. P. T. Rowe, D.D., Bishop of Alaska,
will preach. The rector will preach at 7:30
p. m. Special sermons every Tuesday and
Friday evenings during Lent.
"ENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion s;., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. : subject, "Contentment"; at 7:30
p. m.. "Why More Men Do Not Go to
Church." Sunday-school. l p. m., R. V.
Watt, superintendent. Endeavor, 6 p. m.
Seats all free. This is a people's church.
Everybody cordially Invited. Midweek ser-
vice Wednesday evening.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, pastor, residence, JSO9
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m The pastor will preach at both ser-
vices. Topic at 11 a. m.. "The Path of
Light,*/ followed by communion. At 7:30
p. "m.. "A Preamble and Some Resolutions."
Sunday school at 12:."0 p m., C. B. Perkins,
Superintendent. Epworth League meeting at
6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting, Wednesday even-
ing at 7:45 p. m. The | ib lc cordially invited
to all the servk-es of this church. Beats free.
Ushers in attendance^ t
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
and Geary sts.— Rev. John Hemphiil. D.D.,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Topic, evening, "Duty vs. Pleasure." Music.
morning. "Te Deum" (F.). (F. Schilling);
offertory, "Sun of My Soul," J. E. Gould;
bass solo and quartet. Music, evening. "Ju-
bilate L>eo" (D), (Gerrish); offertory • O, for
the Wings" (Knight); solos and quartet. All
are made welcome.
FIRST Congressional Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
pastor, will preach at both services; 11 a. m.
iheme, "Christian Sowing," followed by com-
munion and ptlon of members; 7:30 p. m.
theme. "The Cferenee Between Hearing and
Seeing." All are cordially invited.
FIRST Baptist Church. Eddy St., near Jones—
E A. Woods, D.D.. pastor; residence, 2150
Van Ness aye. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Morning subject. "Rope Holders";
evening, praise service. Choir, double quar-
tet, male quartet and 'celloist.
NEW Jerusalem Church. O'Farrell st., between
Webster and Fillmore— The pastor. Rev. D.
V. iwen, will conduct the services at 11 a.
m. ; subject of sermon, "Divine Providence."
Sunday-school lv a. m. Tuesday evening
meetings for the study ot Swedenbors/s writ- |
ings held in Sunday-school room at 8 o'clock.
Seats free at all services and the public cor-
uially Invited to attend. Free library, open
every Sunday al 12 o'clock.
WEST Side Christian Church, Bush St., near
Devisadero— Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. by Mark Wayne Williams. Y. P. S.
C. E. at 6:30 p. m.. Regular prayer meet-
ing on Wednesday evening at S o'clock.
THE First Divine Science Church— E. Cra-
mer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m.; subject,
"Not to Destroy, but to Fulfill." Services
every Sunday in" Yosemite Hall, Native Sons'
building. Mason st.. between Geary and Post.
Tak" elevator.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts.— This afternoon at 3 o'clock Chaplain
Frederic C Brown of the U. S. battleship
lowa will address a union mass meeting.
open to botli men and women; subject,
"Strength of the Invisible." Seats free and
all ary welcome. A reception and concert
will be given in honor of the officers and
men of the lowa at the Association building
Tues evening next.
SERVICES of the Latter Day Saints, Pythian
fastle. '.'W Market St.— Special meeting Sun-
day •vening, 7:45 o'clock. President E. H.
Nye of the California Mission speaks; subject,
•The Roberts Case and the Attitude of the i
Mcrmon Church in Relation to Polygamy."
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood <Th<? Theosophlcal
Society in America), ■. : lemy of Sciences
building. 819 Market— Lecture to-night.
• •Cowards." by Dr. J. A. Anderson; Tues-
day night, "The Real Meaning of Art";;
Saturday night, "Harmony."
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to-
nisht at S o'clock In Odd Fellows' building.
corner Market and Seventh sts. Subject,'
"Nature's Greatest Force, " by Will C.
Bailey.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SUNDAY platform— By request Dr. York will
continue his le.-ture.-- at Lower Scottish Hall,
Larkin st . this evening, on "lngersoll and
His Critics." All cordially invited.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists. Occl-
dental Hall, cor. Larkin and McAllister sts.—
Sunday, March 5, no meeting on account of
recia to elevator. :
SAN FRANCISCO Free Thought Society, 1133
Mission st . S p. m. Subject, "Are Free-
thought zations a BenefltT" By T. :
R. Simpson. Free.
AT Dr. Rlnes' Spiritual Society, 909 Market; 11-
-2-8; free; Mrs. Gillingham, S^eley. Vigers; all
tests; 123S Howard st., Tuesday, 8 p. m.
KATIE SSMANN, returned; circles, class-
es, resumed; test meeting to-night, 10c. 641
Jessie st. ;
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; tests,
sealed letters read; 10c; readings dally. 120
Sixth st.
C MAYO-STEERS, 112% Oak St.; circles Tues-
day, g p. m.; Thursday, 2 p. m.; 25c; read-
ings, $1.
A TEST ting, 2 and S p. m., 10c; 1346 Mar-
ket st.; R. A. Stitt, Nita, Butler, Hargrave.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual, business medium; to-
batco habit cured or no pay. 280 Valencia st.
C. V. MILLER'S etherealizine materializing
seance; 8 p m ; 50 cents. 40i» Leavenworth st.
GRAND SDlritual test meeting to-night, 909
Market: Mrs. L. S. Drew; conv'g tests; free.
NEW method; every one gets a test at LEAN-
I'KR test circle to-night. 313 Eddy st.
MEETING NOTICES.
FUNERAL Notice— California Com-
man<J'-rj- No. 1. K. >fflcers and tea*
members are hereby notified to assem- ff]S
ble in the asylum THIS DAY (SUN- <feP
DAY), at 1 o'clock p. m. sharp, for *^
the purpose of conducting the funeral of our
deceased frater. SIR JOHN G. FOX. Templar
fervice. By order of
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
UNITY Lodge No. 131, I. O. o. '-jfur-
F.. Sixteenth and Valencia— : ojP'2f9z£-
Member? are requested to at-
tend lodge TUESDAY EVEN- -'(■'>
ING. March 7, to consider advisability of re- ;
ducing dues. C. R. THATCHER, N. G.
GEO. P. PRECHTEL, Rec. Sec.
ALTA Lodge No. 20f,, I. O. O. F.- -Wftfr
MONDAY EVENING. Maroh 6. oZ§si&c:
Initiation. Gr.od time asaureM. -^^JB^^F
F. W. DERBY, N. G. -*w/tiw
ST. PATRICK'S Day Convention— The fe-sfr*.
convention of 1899 will assemble TO- \T ■ if
DAY- fSUND Vi. at 2:30 p. m.. at \ V
Knights of the Red Branch Ha!l,c£»Jgg
O'Farrell and Mason sts. It is re- s~^B_r
quested that every delegate be in attendance,
promptly on time, as considerable business
will 1•■ transacted. Preliminary arrangements
for making the celebration a. great success
will be entered on, and as the proceeds go to
the building fund of the new Youths' Di-
rectory, a most worthy undertaking, It is to
be hoped every delegate will be present. '
Ladies and gentlemen desirous of singing in
thr- McKenzte chorus at Mechanics' Pavflion ;
Ft. Patrick's night are Invited to attend re- i
hearsal at Kohler-Chase Hall, 26 O'Farrell 1
St., at 2 p. m : also Monday evening at 8
o'clock. By rder
JOHN J. BARRETT, President.
JOHN S. BANNERMANN, Secretary.
PACIFIC Coa Marine Firemen's Union will
hold a special meeting by order of the emer-
gency committee. TUESDAY, March 7. 1833!
THE Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
will not b«> responsible for any moneys col-
lected by PATRICK ROGERS, our ex-secre-
tary and business manager of said corpora-
tion, since February 14. ISS3.
BRICKLAYERS' International Union ''-ill
fornla No. 1 meets at I 16« Mission st. first and
third Mondays In month.
THE California brls Commission, having rel
celved applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from D. M. Butterneld. in the Santa
Cruz placer mine, near Quincy. Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in a worked-out
pit; fr<->m the Hong Fat Company, in the
Doherty mine, at Howland Flat. Sierra
. County, to deposit tailings In the east branch
of Slate Creek; from Sam Ahtye. in the Span-
ish Flat mine^ear La Porte, Plumas County,
to deposit tunings in worked- ut pits, and
from J. D. Wetmore and Martin Tufford. in
the Dry Creek mine, near Brownsville, Yuba
County. 1o deposit tailings in Dry Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be hald at room 59,
Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.,. on March
20, 1899, at 1:30 p. m. •
THF. lecture of Professor Herbst In Altcnheim •
will be r>o«tprned on account of the death of
MR THEO. KIRCHHOFF until SUNDAY.
the l?th lnst. DAS DIRECTORIUM.
SEWING MACHI..ES.
*•> MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
"machine supplies. 145 Sixth; Phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pair! at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at. ■
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d St.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 66»0.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DIVIDEND O T I C S l ;_^_^_ o _^
DIVIDEND Dividend No. 1 (30 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market street, on and after
March 10. 1899.
Transfer books will close on Saturday,
March 4, 1899. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ATIOXS WANTED —
YOUNG girl with 2 years' references wants a
place at second work; assist with children.
Call MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
LADY -with a 3-year-old girl wishes to (Jo house
or chamberwork In exchange for room and
board. 1113 Vi Howard St.
GERMAN governess wishes position; refined
young lady; German, music and English
branches: experienced teacher; country; refer-
ences. Box 393, Call office.
WANTED— By young girl, position as clerk in
Btore; candy preferred. Box 1803, Call office.
WANTED— By seamstress, work by day or
week in private family. Address ALICE X.,
1024^4 Folsom st.
THOROUGHLY competent working house-
keeper wishes situation; best of references.
Call at 2136 Howard st. No postals.
WOMAN wants general housework or cooking.
717H Bush Ft. _^_____
STYLISH young dressmaker, perfect fitter,
would like a few engagements by the (lay;
$1 and car fare. Address box ISO 4, Call office.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper, governess
or companion to lady; references. MARY E.
SACKETT, 1604 Howard st.
REFINED young lady desires position as nur-
sery governess: best references. Address box
1773, Call office.
NEAT, respectable girl, 18, as second girl or
companion to lady. Box 17S1, Call office.
YOUNG lady, experienced, wishes position as
saleslady: references and bond. Box 1772,
' Call office.
DRESSMAKER goes out by the day and also
takes work home; good fitter. £40 Ellis st.,
cor. Hyde.
YOUNG lady would like private customers for
hairdressing and manicuring. Address box
366, Call office.
WANTED— Position to do upstairs work In pri-
vate family; wages $20. Call at 919 Sanchez
st., near Twenty-third.
POSITION wanted as housekeeper. Call or ad-
dress 919 Sanchez st.. near Twenty third.
LADY with a child would like a posit! n as
housekeeper. Box 1807, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day.
washing, ironing or housecleanlng; will work
reasonable. 103 C Potrero aye.; near 23d St.
EXPERIENCED ladies' tailor, cutter and fit-
ter, $2 per day. Address Dressmaker, 12 Mid-
dle st.. between California and Pine, Fill-
more and Webster.; telephone Bteiner 24."1.
LADY, speaks French, German and English,
wishes position as housekeeper. Box 237, Call.
GERMAN lady w.-.rits work by the day, house-
cleaning or office; $1 and car fare. Address
MRS. HACKEY. 206 Hyde st.
DOMESTIC, refined woman would keep house
or care for elderly people: strictly reliable.
neat and rconomicaj; reference. Reliable, 997
Market st.
AN experienced nurse would like position to
care for invalid. Apply f>2s Pine, or box ISOS,
Call office.
GIRL of IS to assist with light housework and
mind baby; wages $10; no postals. Apply 2706
Mission st.
YOUNG girl, Scandinavian, wishes general
housework; city or Oakland; wages $15. Call
or address 314 Precita aye., nenr Folsom st.
COMPETENT young woman desires situation
for second work. Please call to-day, 915 Na-
toma street, near Tenth.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker; $1 10: cuts by
tailor system; dresses made over; suits made
In 2 days. M.. 2526 Mission St.
SCOTCH Protestant woman wishes housework
In private family; good cook. Call 2<M Turk.
NEAT Eastern woman, elderly, desires posi-
tion as housekeeper where there are small
children: capable of doing the entire wr.rk !
of small family: references given: wages
email. Address box 447. Call office.
REFINED widow wishes working housekeep-
er's position; city or country. Box 44>\ Call.
RESPECTABLE American woman wants p«'si-
tion in gentleman's home as housekeeper;
capable of taking full charge. Address box j
411, Call office, Oakland.
COMPETENT girl wants position In a private
boarding-house In the country to do upstairs ;
work and sewing; has best references. Box
1784, Call office.
WORK wanted by ladj- who understands real [
estate and insurance business; also bookkeep-
ing for both. Call at 209 Eleventh st.
YOUNG colored lady having typewriter would
like steady employment at home; no triflers.
909 Jackson st.
COMPETENT housekeeper desires situation;
country preferred : please state wages. Ad-
dress MR. H., 2526 Mission Ft.
AN intelligent, trustworthy Protestant old lady
■ wishes light work in a small, nice family. |
Apply 2007 Leavenworth St.. near Union.
GERMAN woman wishes a place to do cooking ]
and housework. Address box 1776. Call office.
YOUNG girl wants position to assist In light |
housework and care or bab: Apply 6 Brady.
SITUATION wanted to sew In families by
young lady; first-class work guaranteed. 638
Ellis 6t
WANTED— Position by young lady as book-
keeper or copyist. • Address 122 S. Commerce
St., Stockton.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman with six-year-
old daughter wants a place as housekeeper.
423 Sixth St., Oakland.
WAITRESS wishes position; city or country.
E. M.. 929 Pine st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as companion to
elderly lady. W. E. D., box 405, Call office.
A WEEK'S news tor 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE. ,
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 436.
CHINESE boy, first-class family cook, wants
situation; city, country; good references.
Call W. S. K. COOK & CO., 615% Dupont. I
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook; >in-
derstands English. French. Italian and Ger-
man cooking; strictly honest and reliable.
pA.ddr.-ss C. A. ROSEN. 10% Eighth st.
WANTED— Position In office by young mar-
ried man: university student. Address C.
. P. U., 948 Harrison Bt.
HAVING small income, can afford to work
very cheap in small grocery or cigar store,
or any light business: highest references, j
Address box 185, Call office.
YOUNG man IS would like to get work in the
country; compensatl moderate. 1805 Bay.
YOUNG man, 28, would like work in -wholesale
house; has experience in grocery and plumb-
ers' supplies; small salary expected to start;
referei Addn i s box 302, Call.
WANTED— Steady position in private family
as assistant gardener by faithful, perfectly
honest man; plain gardener; careful driver;
can milk. A. VITRINGA. care Dr. Payne,
East Berkeley. |
WANTED— Position of any kind in hotel or
lodging house for board and lodging; best of I
references. Address box 299, Call office. |
WANTED, by young man, position as waiter or I
head waiter; S years' experience; 2 years last
place. Address box 301, Call office.
PAINTER, psperhnnsrer and decorator, first-
class, quick, temperate young man, best refer-
ences, will work cheap; city or country. Box
2!>5. Call. j
GARDENER, German, honest, -sober and Indus- I
trious, good ref. ; careful driver; milk and
work around private family; very handy, city
or Oakland. Address box "14, Call.
BOY, 15 years old. living with parents, wants
work In some manufactory; to learn a trade
preferred. A. W. GRAVES. IC Perry st.
EXPERIENCED male cook, German, epeaks
English and French, wants position in a hotel
or boarding-house. Box 461, Call office.
YOUNG man would like position In office or
as clerk in store; good reference. Apply at
387 Hayee St. ' -
MIDDLE-AGED reliable gentleman with type-
writar would do bookkeeping and copying and
collecting at home or at office; reasonable;
reference. Box 724, Call office. Oakland.
GARDENER, practical, Scotch, wants charge I
of private estate: understands all branches of !
. greenhouse and outdoor work; no horses or i
cows wanted; best of recommendation; 6 years I
In last fituation; married. Call or address Y. - j
M. C. A. .
FRENCH boy of 16 years would like any kind j
of work; speaks French and German; small
wages. Address or call at 10 Hanover place,
off Sacramento St., near Mason.
BAKER foreman, steady and reliable worker,
wants situation; city or country. Address M.
G.. box 842. Call of flee. Oakland, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
\TIONS WANTED — Contlnnea.
; WANTED — Situation by a steady, sober and
reliable man in private family as gardener
or all around man; handy with tools; refer-
; ences; good home more an object than sal-
I ary. Box 1782, Call oftlce.
- POSITION wanted by experienced man as
nurs.* or invalid's attendant: small wages; ex-
ttfllent recommendations. Address box 1757,
; Ca.il office.
YOUNG man (German) desires . position as
' night watchman or fireman; is handy with all
| kinds of tools; anything permanent. Address
, box 1777, Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind in the
morning for 2 or 3 hours per day in city.
Apply to DR. CHAS. FONG, 813% Sacra-
mento st.
• I YOUNG man desires a situation; 5 years' expe-
j rience as stenographer, typewriter, clerk and
I accountant; best references. Address J. J.
- : O'L., box 363. Call office.
• ! WATCHMAKER and salesman with Al refer-
ences desires position. Box 676, PetaJuma.
- ; BUTLER: a Japanese; thoroughly competent;
1 first-class references. Butler, box 391, Call.
. WINCHESTER House, 44 Third «t., near Mar-
-1 | ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $«
i week; convenient and respectable; fre» 'bu»
and baggage to nnd from ferry.
' HELP AVANTED FEMALE.
; ! COOK, plain country hotel. $25; 6 waitresses,
r different country hotels, $20; German cham-
bermaid. $20; ranch cooks: housework girls;
governess for the country. MURRAY &
. READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SEAMSTRESS and chambermaid. $30; parlor
maid and waitress, $25; 20 housework girls,
$25 and $20. MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter.
' STRONG, neat girl for cooking and housework
of small family In country; house has modern
improvements. Apply Monday morning at
'. 3322 Seventeenth St., near Mission.
• EXPERIENCED proofreader; must 6et, make
, up, etc. 543 Clay st.
• SCULPTOR wants young lady as model. Box
343, Call office.
- YOUNG girl; assist housework, mind baby;
c good home; small wages. 20 Alpine St.
- ELDERLY lady to take care of small child;
f good home. 1229 Folsom St.
- QUICK starchers wanted at St. Nicholas Laun-
J dry. Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
WANTED— A well established corporation de- '
sires to oprn a San Francisco office; a lady
) who can furnish $2000 in coin can secure an
, office position with a liberal salary and
make a permanent Investment that will guar-
antee a good return on the money invested.
r Address E. E. BOSTWICK, room 204. Bul-
c lard block, Los Angeles, Cal.
- LITERARY correspondents wanted for our
register; also .items of general interest and
t manuscript; inclose stamp. ILLUSTRO'
LITERARY REGISTER CO., Chicago.
- APPRENTICE girl -wanted at bookbinding.
f.38 allfornia st.
s WANTED— Tidy girl to assist with second
work. Call bet. 9 and 12 this morning, 2110
'allfornia st.
[ LADY assistant about 30 wanted by magician
to travel; experience unnecessary.^ Box 1R27,
■ I Call office.  .-. '
- WANTED— First-class lady canvassers can
, make $2 to $5 per day. Call all this week, be-
tween 10 a. m. and 4 p. m.. at BON TON
TOILET CO.'S, 746 Howard St., second floor,
room 1.
• GIRL: general housework; small family; no
washing; wages $15. 166S Fell st.
i
MAKERS and apprentices for millinery 'at
130 Sixth st.
WANTED ladles with $500 each for business
; enterprise; 2 to go East. Box 395, Call office.
. GOOD finisher wanted on coats. Apply at IS6
i Shipley st.
FINISHERS and apprentices on custom pants.
541 Market bt.
: WANTED- Protestant girl for general house-
-1 work and cooking; wages $15. 1125 O'Farrell.
CHORUS girls, BOUbrette, juvenile lady, etc.;
road oonip'y. Hallett's Ag., 26 O'Farrell, r. 33.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and general house-
work in country. Call at 1409 Webster st.
Monday.
LADIES and gentlemen desirous of singing
in UcKenzle chorus at Mechanics' Pavilion
St Patrick's night are Invited to attend re-
hearsal at Kohler-Chase Hall. 26 OFarreJl St.,
at 2 p. m.; also Monday evening, S o'clock.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladies' wrappers,
waists underskirts, etc. H. FHIEDLANUER,
33S Fell st^
STRONG, capable, willing girl for lunch room;
wages small. 2105 Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced shirt operators: best
prices; steatly employment. EAGLESON &
CO., 638 Market st.
WANTED -Woman or girl to take care of one
child; small wages; good home. 835 8 Howard.
WANTED— Fifty poor cooks to take cooking
lessons Monday at 2 o'clock; 3 dishes taught
I for 25c. 7 Van Ness aye.
i LADIES' Ladies! Ladies!— McDowell
-making, Ladles' Tailoring and Millinery
School is the most reliable school on the
coast; come and take advantage of this great
opportunity to learn ladles' tailoring; now is
the time to learn millinery; ■ hats trimmed
free; patterns cut to order. THE McDOW-
ELL SCHOOL. 103 Post St.
RELIABLE canvasser for advertisements
wanted on commission: lady or gentleman;
experience and references necessary- .S. A.,
b *. 1766, Call. .
EXPERIENCED onerat on istom shirts;
steady employment. ROGERSON'S. 535 Va-
lencia st.
i WANTED— A good girl for general housework,
! plain cook; wages $15. Apply 141S Geary Bt. :
no washing. '
ECTABLE girl for housekeeping; family
Of 2; $6 00. Call at 368 Fell st.
YOUNG girl for housework; good position. 40
Caselll aye., bet. ISth and 19th, above Castro.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats. 641
Market st.
FIRS*T-CLASS tailoress on pants. 736 Minna
street.
YOUNG lady, not over 20. to sell cosmetics In
the country; good salary. Apply between
10 and 12 a. m.. 49 Geary ut.
HELP WANTED — ii.X.
I cTr7~H^\NSEN^&^CO Phone Grant IS3
Cook, country hotel, $55; cook. $12 a week;
cook, $10 a week; Frenr h dishwasher, $25. C.
R. .HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
VIOLIN player, country, $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEX & CO., 104 Geary st.
SHIP Monday— Laborers,' mountain railroad,
thirds fare free; German vegetable gar-
dener, $25; milker. $20; stableman, $25: shoe-
maker, country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary St.. :■,..-
. 8 MINERS, $2 50 a day; hard and soft ground;
steady. C. R. HANSEN & '■<>.. 104 Geary st.
WAFFLEMAN for country hotel, $35 and free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HARRY WALTERS, the bellboy— Please call.
Elevator boy, country hotel, $15. C. R. HAN-
-BEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
' A— MURRAY «- READY Main 5848. Phone
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY
89 woodchoppera, different jobs, $1 25 and $1
cord: 95 tiemakers, different Jobs. Be, 9c and -
12c each; 12 farm, orchard and vineyard
i hands, $25, $20 and $15 and found
Stableman city, $25 and found; 3 choremen.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
! A— NIGHT cook. $35 and found; baker, shop,
i $40- 4 cooks. 3 waiters, 3 dishwashers. MUR-
; RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. '
' i MACHINE blacksmith Painter
and kalsominer, institution. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
TWO first-class butlers, $40 and $45. MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
' LADIES and gentlemen desirous of singing In
McKenzie chorus at Mechanics' Pavilion St.
Patrick's night are Invited to attend re- !
, ! hearsal at Kohler-Chase Hall. 26 O'Farrell
i St.. at 2p. m. ; also Monday evening. 8 o'clrck.
' GOVERNMENT positions; don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
• our illustrated catalogue of Information: sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,.
! Washington, i>. C.
' WANTED— Men with push to introduce the
• best, cleanest and cheapest belt dressing
made; large Inducements to good live men.
; American Oleite Co.. St. Louis, Mo.
1 i SEE how easy and sure you can make $5; just
try it. Send only 10c to Co-operative League.
S. E. cor. Filbert and Ninth sts., Phlla. Pa.
; WANTED— First-class carriage 'painter; must
1 be a good striper; steady job- Apply Bay
i View Carriage Factory. San Rafael.
1 BOY with some experience to distribute type.
1 Commercial Pub. Co., 34 California, top floor.
" OPERATORS wanted on shirts, overalls and
spring-bottom pants. 410^ Mission, top floor.
I WANTED— A young man to assist in restaur-
' ! ant. ' Apply at "The Louvre." San Rafael.
: | THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth St.; $30 and $40
I I suits. at your own price; perfect fit guarnt'd.
■ j BOY to run errands and learn trade. THUM-
i | LER & RUTHERFORD. 53$ California st.
1 I WORKING partner wanted; must have $10.
i i Box 296, Call office. . . . .
I WANTED — pressman on custom pants. 411V4
Kearny: call to-day between 10 and 12. •
', I $1000— INTEREST In corporation: secured: hon-
! orable business; good empl6yment to investor
If industrious. Box 1368. Call office.
CLEAN, cozy, comfortable and convenient. The
Philadelphia, 421 Bush st., opp. California
| Theater; aivays open; transients; nu' sed.
-*
HELP AV._NT__»— Continued. ,
WANTED — Reliable men and women in every
town to work for us; neat, steady employ-
ment; good wages; no deception: no delay;
send us your address and we will send you
work immediately. Address STANDARD
ART MFG. CO., 142 West Twenty-third «t..
New York City, room A.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet maker wanted. FINK
.v SCHINDLER, 1309 Marset St.
SALESMAN for typewriter supply; state busi-
ness experience. Box 178S, Call.
ADVERTISING man for good publication: lib-
eral commission. Address boy 1755. Call.
EXPERIENCED salesman on letter filing cab-
inet: new system: good pay. Bo* 1786, Call.
WANTED— Experienced typewriter salesman.
Box 1737, Call.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoe*, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 662 Mission
St.. bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
.unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become *uch; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, reaU and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Fraricisco, Cal. •
WANTED— A working foreman for ranch; one
from New York or New Enjland preferred.
Henry Cowell Lime Cement Co.. 211 and 213
Drumm st.
GET your shoe? half-soled while waiting. 35c
to 60c. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Specialty salesman with experience
• for quick-selling line of premium goods: lib-
eral commission, with advance for expenses,
to right man. Address drawer 675, Chicago.
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
tablished firm; $50 per month and expenses
to start. Manufacturer, box 826. Chicago, 111.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
HOBPON Houjc, 417 Kearny— Rooms from iia
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise: no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Broad-
way and Devisadero st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
et.. men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. J. SCHNEIDER. Act. Sec. 325 Grant ay.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms. 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade for
$3 at 1542 Market st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
• Barber College, 135% Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts. fc^
SEATTLE HOUSE, 106% Third-Furnished
rooms 25c to 50c day: $1 25 to $3 week.
MEN'S line calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
soleing. 35c; only one pr e... 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms. 1. .c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 563 1 Market st.
SAILORS nnd ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
WANTED -To collect wages due laborers and
clerk?. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Butti st.
SINGLE furnished, line, large sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and bagga?-" to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
SALESMEN— S47 50 weekly selling brand new
gaslight burners for kerosene lamps; samplr ;
' free. E. w. Perfection Mfg. Co., Cincinnati.
AGENTS wanted for grocery trade; well known
article; good commissions; ready seller. The
Watson Co., 31 Beekman st.. New York. City.
WANTED First-class advertising solicitor at
once. Box 1778. Call office.
CITY and country, to sell leather Lustre; best
25c article on earth. BROWN, 332. 8u5h st.
FEW good men for Hght Belling artlcuie: sal-
ary or commission. 132 Geary st.
BE wisp and get In while the proposition is
new and make good money. IS3 Seventh st.
PARTNERS AVANTED.
$350 CABH, exclusively for advertising; spe-
cialty; permanent business: big money. Ad-
dress PHARMACY. 521 Ellis st.
$200— PARTNER wanted In a patent. J. C.
WATERSTREET, 1037 Post St.
PAINTER with pome cash; 3 months' orders
on band. Call at 2137 Dwlght way, Berkeley;
telephone Red 1112. ■
ROOMS WANTED.
2 GENTLEMEN want adjoining rooms; hot and
. cold running water and bath; 15 minutes
from Call building. Box 460. call office.
WANTED— A couple of unfurnished roo.ns for
hcuskeeplng. Box 1774. Call office.
FURNISHED rooms in exchange for painting j
and paper-hanging. Box 295, Call office.
3 CONNECTING unfurnished housekeeping i
rooms; sink; central. Address box 404, Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD VVAATBB.
SUNNY furnished or unfurnished moms, with
board, for gentleman, wife and daughter, be-
fore March 10; private family preferred; state
price. Box 335, Call office.
AVANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
DELIVERY wagon and greenhouse cheap; in
good condition. Box 401, Call office.
WANTED A Bicycle In exchange for dental
work. Address box 1526. Call office.
SECOND-HAND pianos wanted for cash. Ad-
dress box 1760. Call office.
________
DENTISTS.
DR T S HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive: badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling, from $1: plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the Electro Dental Clinic, 908 Mn»ket St.,
room 7, Flood bulldlnjr. you can have your
extractions done nainlessly; teeth without
plates our specialty: gold crowns, $:! 50 up,
I.lates, extraction free. $4 50 up; office hours,
'.' a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 2 p. m. G.
W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager. ;
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly hy his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth. $5; crowns, $3: fillings, 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason st.. corner of Market. j
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed |
work; lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings nnd Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G. i
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
j LOWEST prices in S. F : painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th. I
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny: set of teeth
$4: filling, gold, 50c; silver, 25c: crowns. $3.
CHEAPEST and b-«t In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, pent to nny address In the
United States, postpaid, for 51 per year.
OAitPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS," Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St. ; tel. S. 40. .
; ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowe&t rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944. __
J. K. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74
CONKLIN'S Carpet- beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
"attorneys AT LAW. ~ ,
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce law; private: estates. J.
E. EVANS, 14 McAllister, nr Hibernla Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; divorce law; costs advanced in
_good cases. ROSS. 1236 Market St., room 127.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market Bt. k
PERSONALS.
LINCOLN BROS.
Sell 2 lbs coffee, 25c; 10 lbs beans. 250; corn-
meal, 20c sack; oatmeal, 35c sack; sugar-
cured hams, 10c Ib; 20 lbs rice, $1: 12 cans
corn, $1; 13 cans tomatoes, Jl; 10 cans table
fruit, $1; 10 cans baked beans, $1; 20 cans
sardines. $1; 13 cans oysters, $1; 7 cans bpst
jelly, $1; 25 lbs prunes, $1; IS lbs granulated
sugar, $1; flour. 85c sack. LINCOLN BROS.,
Cash Grocers, 226 Sixth st., above Folsom.
LEDERER'S Quinonla. The best hair tonic, is
without a rival; costs but little; only 35c bot-
tle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
I DO the most fashionable hairdressing in town
for o.'m- only; hair rolls. 35c; good switches, $1;
fine, $2 50. LEDERER'S Foamo Shampx>, oc
pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
RUPTURE, stricture, cured. No knife. No in-
jection. Gurntd !Dr.Gordin,sl4 Pine.ab.Kearny.
I WANT an envelope self-addressed and I'll
tell you how to cure drunkenness without
patient's knowledge; don't send money. MRS.
MAY HAWKINS. Grand Rapids. Mich..
Lock Box 131 "D."
WALLACE'S system of dresscuttlng taught at
419 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. gem. Matthew. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
DR. F. yon BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1206 Market st.. rooms 9 and 10.
WRINKLES positively removed at Harmonic
Life Institute, 236 Powell i-t.; te^t free.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney-at-Law and Copyright
No 4 S.itter St.. Law a Specialty.
Pan Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms:
25c 10 $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed: no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
tlve. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
BATHS, 12i",e: 30 porcelain tubs: separate en-
trance for ladies; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $s B0; bednn sets $x; bed loung-
es H6O; open ev"n. 1.. .1. NEUMANN, 1216 th.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1028 Folsom st.
BERWIN A GAB3NER, furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FI'NKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome St.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. J5 up: dreeseßinade
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, milli-
nery ; patterns cut. McDowell Sen,. 103 Post.
SPIRITI XI. ISM.
A— MRS .] .r. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free, sittings, 51. 2.TJ St'.ekton St.
MRS E1.1.1S tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 2*.c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia St.
MliS H BAUMANN, the 'well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 313 O'Farrell.
MRS MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 11* Halght st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card render: born with double veil and Sec-
ond Bight; iliacno«es disease; full life read-
ing: ladies. 50c; gents, *1; sit., Jl 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards, 2."> c. 1039 Mission
st.. downstairs: Monday. Wednesday. Friday.
NINTH. 77 Your future told by cards: ladies,
lOc; gentlemen, 2. r .c; satisfaction guaranteed.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings: this ap-
pears Sundays only; 1.,26 c; g..50c. 928 Mission.
MME. AUGUST, IIM Mission st.; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25e. 153's r.th. r. 21.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; 10c; ladies only.
643 Natoma at., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
2!H Kearny st.. rooms 9 and 10. »
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 2.'ic up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAYENA rends lif« fluently: business
advice; names given: 25.0 up. ( Fourth St.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farr#ll St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, ient to any address In the
T'nited Ptat«*«. postpaid, for SI per yenr.
I -KEI>ICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St.; future
events. 50e ; advice, all questions; satisfaction.
I'ALMISTRY.
MME NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
malne. 33SS Twenty-first st.. above Valencia;
tel. White 1.-.71: reading by mail. $1.
sl PERFLUOU!) IIAIH
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH, 2li."> Bush st. ; 15
years' experience: references given.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and sp#dy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the, doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home: consultation free and
absolutely confidential: satisfaction guaran-
teed, without injury to health, or money re-
funded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st..
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12.
2 to 4 and 7 to 8: phone East 995; Sundays by
appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
c^ses of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause). saf«- and sure, relief guaranteed
at any time when others hive failed: travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the 1
same day: n > instruments used; self cure. $5;
home In confinement; skillful medical atten-
tion; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where: hours, 10 to T> and 7 to R. MRS. DR.
WYETTI. 916 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
AT. I. ladies <' only Dr. and Mr?. M. Dnvles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
rvO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease, or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write: free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122« Market St.;
pills, 51: very strong, $2.
LADlES— Chiohester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Hrand>. best. safe, reliable: take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free: traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5: by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A- DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. 1023> 3 Market Ft.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all |
cases of monthly irregulnrltles from whatever ]
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, J5: travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and strictly confl-
-1; hours. 9 h. m. to 5 p. tn. MRS. DR.
KOHL. 1122 Market bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods: strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known: reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills. $1; cure
J.'. 1362 Market St., bet. 7th-Sth. tel. Mint l<n.l.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
ft. ; $1 EO. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., "wil X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms I
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes. (
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; sare cure: $2 50;
expressed r O. D. : don't delay uhtil too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs.;
IMOV2 Howard; Mrs. M Wiedemann, midwife.
LADIES— Cure guaranteed for monthly trou-
bles: |8 up. DR. and MRS. WISE. 1118 Mkt.
BELLEVT T E Sanitarium — Ladies cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue aye.. Los Ang.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-Rt'DOLPH Storage and MovTng~Cp?
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main i 713.
DON'T store in cellars. See O. M. JUDSON
& CO., 1123 Howard St.; advances made.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing, advances, etc. 735 Market; tel.. Black 311.
HOrsES^JORSALE.^
18.BOOM HOUfE-;,. ba _ pER MONTH:
, 60-room corner house: clears $3aO • ♦ ..^
, SS-room house; clears J^i i!. 1.500
I s rooms; eggs iIX\V " very' good. . 450
■
Alameda property. PECK-.it. iu^»
: A-KREDO i 55^=.^—^ Geary
ney advanced on all J^W 'tlfifl $1300
• 46 rooms; Market st.: clears $W)-^...*j
1 36 rooms; south of Mfirket, t™"- lenl -800
1 28 rooms; housekeeping: clears $100 |«
Mm near Plaza
22 rooms Market: always fuU. ':
' 18 rooms Third St.; clears $75.
t 9 rooms; elegant home, all new __ fl
8 rooms: flat; cheap rent KRFDO
Call and get list KRLUQ.
I OVER 40 hou S^~n^T7nTlourh of Market
t st.. from $275 to $400: you have >our c™"^;
;
\ WINSTON & COT 546 Market X- U%
22 rooms: Golden Gate aye.: snap *»«
! 40 rooms: rent $105; part cash.. £
50 rooms: r^nt only $50: bargain •.<■**)
i ii ROOMS; near"oiymrlc Club: clears $175;
36 rooms: n-ar T.voli: new oak furniture.
A. M. SPKCK____CO.. 667 Marke__s_
$325 LODGING house; 17 rooms: sold at sac-
; rifice. Mclaughlin ft co Market st.
; TWO lodging houses on Market St.. r $22?. and
; $1000. PACIFIC EXCHANGE, Market___
■ $350-SNAP; 3l^roonThou-e: central; all rented;
' rent $50 month. BASILE. B7»V_ Market si
SPLENDID bargain; 9 furnished rooms^ all
occupied: must sell; going East. 259 Steven-
son st. — — —
: ALE -Lodging house In Stockton: 30
rooms; a bargain. Address S. J. KINNE\.
; 32S Main st.. Stockton. Cal.
' RESTAURANT and lodging-house for sale in
; country. Apply_at_Cal__offlce I__1 __
1 CORNER; very good location: with 30 roome ; 1
Boor well furnished. Box 399. Call office.
SIXTH, 420— Good-paying lodging house; 2S
; rooms. Apply after 6 p. m.
FOR sale on account of sickness— Furnished
house: 17 rooms: full. 653 and 691 Geary st.
'. FURNITURE FOR SAll^__^____,
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4R 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
! A^we^are^seinnß good upright pianos for $<5
cash and $6 per month we ask you to investi-
! gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3 $4 and
$S"per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
J Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
; west of Chicago is KOIILER & CHASE'S.
1 2K 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
[ and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
1 customer. ":"/•"■' '■
' A FEW gilt edge bargains— walnut
, case, upright, bargain: Knabe, good as new,
upright, rosewood; Chickerine. used three
months, upright, mahogany: guaranteed five
years; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ &
I SON. IS O'Farrell st.
. ABSOLUTE bargains In pianos, this week only;
Chickering. $73; Steinway, $127: Emerson.
$188; Kelso. $145: Spencer, $175; Colby. $185:
i Conover. $225; Steinway. $250. SPENCER'S
Piano Warerooms, ISIB Market st.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; h!s touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
. TH re S hnrealn in the city can be found
at MAI'VAIS". 7c:< Market st. Call and see
; the stock in their elegant new rooms.
• AN elegant Hardman upright, little used; a
'• snap. THE J. DEWING CO., second floor,
Flood building. . ■ '
• A GOOD Fischer upright, $107; fine order.
Room 21. Flood building.
GOOD Fischer upright sacrificed by lady
obliged to sell at once. Rm. 21, Flood bldg.
1 FINE Steinway Chickering. both uprights, at
a sacrifice. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
1 NEW pianos rented. $3 mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Co. Seir-playifig piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
A— T'PRIGHTS, $63 up: installments. $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
' W O BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
! BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. BCHMITZ. 16
McAllister st.. next Hlbernia Bank.
. BOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
! A PIANO that will please • you, the Byron
Mauzy 308 Post St.
'. KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
; LER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
, SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
' MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
________ j
' MAMMOTH auction sale of 100 head of broken
z and unbroken horses, Monday, March 6, at
11 o'clock, at Emporium Salesyards. 220 Va-
lencia st. S. WATKINs, Auctioneer.
! 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR sale— A very desirable home, on main
thoroughfare, close to East Berkeley station;
e_sy payments. Address box 70. Berkel ey.
Wagons and carriages.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
THOROUGHBRED chicken eggs for hatching;
Brahma, Cochin. Plymouth Rock, Mtnorca,
Houdan, Spanish Leghorns. Hamburg, Po-
lands. Bantams; also fowl: for reply or price
list inclose stamps. F. KRAUS, 1031 Mc-
Allister st.
FOR sale cheap— Moving picture machine,
stereoptlcon attachment; 60 films; outfit com-
plete: splendid condition. Answer box 434.
Call. ■
WHITE Plymouth Rocks, the farmers' and
fanciers' fowl: eggs for hatching. 2855 Jack-
son St.. Alameda, Cal.
FINE canary birds, males and females, cheap,
at 316S Sixteenth st., bet. Valencia and Guer-
rero. _
: OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co.; tables,
saloon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mk:.
FINK new- Bxlo photo outfit; big bargain. S.
A. THOMPSON. 3442 Twentieth St.
Mercy Mineral Water Co., Oakland, Cal. : natural
cure for female complaints, stomach, kidney,
liver, bowel d i sorders rheumatism ;sa'm pi; write.
FULL, bred St. Bernard dog for sale; 2 years
old; good watch dog and gentle. Call 2251
• Mission st.
A— 50,000 GALLON tank for sale: nearly new;
a bargain. JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 19
• Montgomery st.
SIX large dogs: suitable for Klondike. Apply
! 2321 Twenty-third St.
GASOLINE engine; 6 horsepower; cheap. Box
_SS. Call office.
LARGE portable oven for sale cheap. Apply
N. McCOLLUM. 331 Sixth St.
$10— NEW family Singer, complete. 738 Ellis
street.
FINE sealskin jacket for $90; cost $200. UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
GAS and gasoline engines; all sizes and
prices: second hand engines purchased and
exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co., 503 Cal. St.
ENGLISH pug dogs cheap at 27S Tehama st.,
cor. Fourth.
FOR National cash register, nickel-
plated. 718 Turk st.
CARPENTER shop and fixtures for sale cheap;
business fair; with room back for light
( housekeeping. 2123 V. Mission st., near 17th.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAX. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
SMALL engine and dynamo, lighting purposes;
40-Hght capacity. White, 514-516-51S Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower $100; 2, $125;
3. $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
CHEAP small screw-cutting lathe; 1 portable
blacksmith forge; 1 sqr. shears. 648 Mission.
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission St.; tel. Br. 331. !
POLYPHONE. $,"..-; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-. 423 Sacramento St.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F. |
BUSINESS CHANCES.
TfTseTrvour business quick see us.
No charge till sale is made.
We have several good buyers.
Wanted-Manutacturing business
Wanted— Boarding- stable.
Wanted-A small business.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
a— «7s- OYSTER stand: $10 a week clear. West-
ern investment Co.. 9 Geary^t.
PARTNER. light business: $18 a week; no
*'exp^rience required; trial given: see it. We*.
' em investmentJJo^-g^eary^st.
8400— PARTNER, manufacturing business; $23
a week. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$S S O_PARTNER: great investment; $30 day
trade. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary it.
11700— PARTNER, livery business: office work;
iaxTa month clear; value in stock. ce B tem
Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
J3OO-SMALL business for lady; good living.
Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
J4OO-SALOON; $8 clear a day; sickness. West-
ern Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$550-GROCERY and bar; a snap; sickness.
Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$350— RESTAURANT: high class trade, good lo-
«tion: sell on account of death. Western In-
vestment Co., 9 Geary st. •
FOR groceries, with or without bars, call oa
usi we have them from $400 up to $4000: liquor
houses and saloons: some great bargains from
1175 to S7SW- also bakeries and branch baker-
ie_ candy stands, cigar stands: in fact any-
thing you want to buy. The German-Ameri-
can, 112 Kearny st.
JTono— P \RTNER wanted in jobbing and retail
liquor' business connected with compound and
manufacturing: good business; we 1 estab-
lt»hed_J_______E_____CO_. 1206 Market St.
TO buy. sell or exchange city and country
property see HARTLEY CO.. 1206 Market.
mgi WHOLESALE and retail wine and liquor
house- card billiard rooms; basement: sar_
Investment. HARTLBY & CO.. 1206 Market.
A-$1600: GROCERY and bar: also % interest in
grocery and bar for $500: also $200 grocery and
bar. KREDO & CO , -2V_ Geary st.
A— Sl7SO' SALOON, Market-st. corner; also H
interest in saloon and family liquor store,
_--,0' also $500. $T-. r > and $200. saloons; look at
these. KREDO & CO., 2-tt Geary st.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange prop-
erty or business of any kind see JONES &
LAWN, 719 Market St., for square dealing.
SALOONsTSTSO up; cigar stores, $175 up; gro-
ceries $350 up; delicatessens. $150 up; lodging
houses, air sizes, all prices; ranches etc. for
exchange. JONES & LAWN. 719 Market st.
GOOD saloon: well located: $650. 1055 Mar-
ket st.. Pacific Business Exchange.
RESTAURANT; fine business $800
Restaurant; rent boarded 0ut............... 12.
racific Business Exchange, 1056 Market Bt.
A STEADY man wanted with $150 as partn«r
to attend cash counter in first-class oyster
and chop house across the bay: experience not
necessary; rare opportunity. Apply to
FCHOTTLER & CO.. 632 Market st.
VARIETY, gent's furnishings and dry goods
store on line of S. P. R. R. and electric!
cars at town adjacent to San Francisco.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
FOR business chances, roomlng-hou«e city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans,
etc., call on CLARK & CO., room t>o9, Ex-
amlner building.
$4000— FIRST-CLASS hotel; fine furniture; grM
business; thriving town; owner other bu.-l-
ness; must sell. JONES & CO.. 860 Market.
X— buy or sell your business quick for ca?h
apply to MOON &CO 1008'^ Market st.
WANTED— man with $2000 cal to
carry stock of goods and manage branch
business; $150 per month and expenses; extra
percentages; permanent position: reference-
required. HENRY VERNON, Boycc build-
lng. Chicago.
$500; HALF interest for sale: best bus!r.es3
of kind in city; strictly day: cash commission;
no night or Sunday work; no previous expprl-
ence but must understand plain office work;
full investigation. Box 1554, Call office.
GOLD in California: every person having $10
cash and can pay $10 month for four months
can secure income of $so monthly; $960 per
year. Address box 367, Call office.
FOR sale— Branch bakery, stationery, notions.
school supplies and confectionery store; 3
doors from a school. Apply at 150S Golden
Gate aye.
FOR sale— Good paying business; or will take
reliable lady partner. Particulars ot MRS.
DR. E. J. WILLIAMS. 967 Mission st.
$1000— LARGE interest in corporation, secured;
highly honorable business; good monthly In-
come or employment.
W_CLL-ESTABLISHEI> carriage, wagon wood-
working business; fine shop. 332 Thirteenth.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee saloon for sale BC6 Mission st.. nr. Wh.
$150— PARTNER: office business clearing $5 to
$10 per day; lady preferred. Box 310, Call.
HAY, grain and coal business ; on account of
sickness: all for $275. 215 Bay st.
jSO—BRANCH bakery and coffee parlors; S
living rooms; rent $11. 1024 Larkin st.
PROFITABLE dry goods business In country
town for sale. Box ISO 2. Call office.
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; no
cheap work; low rent. 332 Bush st.
MILK ranch and business for *ale; Includes 1
acre of land, 2 houses, barn, 15 cows, whol<_
milking outfit, horse, wagon and harnes-s: 85
milk customers; nets $30 month: situated in
Berkeley. D. J. TOBIN, real estate and in-
surance agent. 2121 Stanford place, Berkeley.
ON account of leavinc for Europe, will sell
tailoring business; 650 yards of cloth and
trimmings. JOHN REDLEY. 340 Third st.
RARE chance to get a good butcher business
near city; well established; no opposition.
Inquire at 112S Vallejo St., San Francisco.
$125 — DRESSMAKING, cigars, stationery,
laundry office; suitable for branch bakery.
Box 1775, Call office.
$15O^HALF interest in good-paying business;
eas<y work. 1055 Market st.
BRANCH bakery, notions, cigars and tobacco.
1209 Dtvlsadero st. : '
FOR Sale— store, with factory. 132 Ninth
street.
$4500— cash only; for sale, one of th«
best hotels in the city of Oakland: 60 sunny
front rooms: house full all the .ime; reason
for selling, sickness of the proprietor; or
would take a good partner with $3000 cash:
persons without money need not apply; no
agents for business. Address C. A. S. H..
Call office. Oakland.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PURDY'9
brokerage office. 45 Sutter St.. . opposite Oc-
cidental Hotel; the latest New York and
Chicago markets.
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$25 a day; celling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 500 Halght st. ; no agents.
— $2500; SHOE store for sale; will invole*
$4000; doing business from $1500 to $2000 per
month; in a good location. Address box 331.
Call office.
SALOON, well located, with stock and good
fixtures, for sale f heap on account of illness
I of owner. Apply to CONRAD ALLEN, Red-
wood City. - -- :
RELIABLE, profitable business for small capi-
tal. Harmonic Life Institute, 236 Powell st.
STORE and lease; ground rent $5 mo.: near
sugar refinery at Crockett, Contra Costa Co.
GOOD paying saloon for sale; open day and
night. Liquor Store, 795 Mission st. "• i
WANTED— Grocery store; must be cheap: cash.
Box 359, Call office. ■■•-•;;<-■: ■■
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
$500— RESTAURANT for sale on account of
leaving city; a snap. 313 O'Farrell st.
— FOR rale; restaurant; present owner run-
ning over 10 years: a bargain. 108 Seventh st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; «*•
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 2i
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing-
individual instruction: new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, ' I
penmanship, English branches, etc.: lif»
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS-COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st. .
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.: day St cv» •
est. 1H64. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market!
DaNCING taught: ballroom or stage- otivata
or class. IRVINE, 421 Post St.. near P_weilT
L>A , S choola o 90 « Broadway. Oakland : 927
Market st., San Francisco; day and night
N S VJ _? too late to get good teacher. Prof L
Merkl. violin, mandolin. guitar. Mission!
PIANO, slnKinx and elocution lessons Mn.V 1
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter rt.^*
"*- BlCYC j___~
FOR SALE— First-class lady's hicvcle «rf
Twenty-sixth st.. near Mission. y 83 * 7* CITY REAL ESTATB.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., ~ i
IiKAL ESTATE AGENTS
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
ELEGANT PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$10,000— Very cheap; elegant modern residence
' i~ i I,^1 ,^? 0 " 5 , 8 ana b lli > lUtie and basement, etc.;
27:6x100; Geugh st
mmM THREE ELEGANT FLATS.
. $9000— Three elegant, new, modern flats of 6
rooms and bath each; 27:6x100; Western Addi-
tlon; rt:i:b *;;..
THIS IS A SNAP.
$Ssoo— Corner Investment on Folsom st.. within
S blocks of Third, Market and Kearny; 3 sub-
- Ftantla!. modern flats of 7, 7 and 6 rooms and
bath each; cost $15,000 to build; rents $972 per
annum; 26x100; must be sold.
-TERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
$Sooo— Rents $7SO per annum; 2 good modern
houses of S rooms and bath each; 33x96:6; Scott
st ; Btreet accepted by the city.
P'HREE VERY CHEAP FLATS.
$7000— Post st ; 3 modern flats of 6, 5 and 4
nd hath each; a very good location; al-
vays iited; do reasonable offer refused.
A REAL BARGAIN.
$6P50-Three elegant modern flats of 8. 6 and 6
. rooms and bath each; rents $690 per annum; 25x
SO; Webster st.; nice location.
HAIGHT-ST. RESIDENCE.
$6000— Very cheap; Bne modern residence of
12 rooms and bath, etc.; i:f.x112:6.
A GOOD BUSINESS CORNER.
$5750— Corner, 6xllo, on Devisadero St.; a
fine lot for a flret-class grocery store or drug
store and flats.
.ANOTHER GOOD INVESTMENT— MOSS ST.
$4000— Rents $492 per annum; substantial house
in 3 flats; 25x75.
ANOTHER GOOD INVESTMENT.
. $3900— Two 2-story houses of 5 rooms and bath;
rents $420 per annum; large lot.
A VERY CHEAP HOME.
$3500 — Grand marine view; 2-story modern
house of 7 rooms, and bath; 25x125; Western
Addition.
MISSION FLATS— A BARGAIN.
$2750— Substantial house in 2 flats cf i and 4
rooms and bath each and lot.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$2500 — Positively must be sold; 2-stcry modern
. residence of 9 rooms and lot 23x95; Mission
warm belt; handy to several lines of cars.
A COZY COTTAGE.
Western Addition cottage of I rooms
and bath, etc.. and lot; easy terms.
NORTH BEACH.
. $1600— Two-story brick building in 2 flats of 4
rooms each; rents $13 50 per month; lot runs
through to rear street.
LOT AT A BARGAIN.
.' $1400— Waller St.; 25x120 to rear street; this
Is a real snap. -
. ■
RICHMOND BARGAIN— CORNER.
• . $1050— Corner of Eighth aye., en line of Sut-
ter-st. cars and near Geary and Powell Bt.
lines; 32:6x100; this is a real snap.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
x ords, which contains a list of properties for
Wle in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
23 CHOICE MISSION BUILDING LOTS VERY
chc&D
$900 and upward; corners $ISOO and $2000;
s Noe. Henry and Fourteenth Ets. : 1 block from
Market Bt.; Noe Bt. accepted by city; other
g streets sewered and macadamized: lots 25x115
md 2:»xlO5; corners 27:6x105: level, on grade
and ready for building; offered at very low
prices and are so nicely located they are
pelling rapidly. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14
Montgomery st.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
30x160 to rear st.— Mission, near Fourth; rents
. $146 B0; $26,000.
27:6x104— Bt.. adjoining Oriel Hotel;
frontage on 2 sts. ; sold to close an estate;
$25 000.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington St.;
brick improvements: rents $190.
Ssxl2o to rear st.— Ellis st., near Jones; 11-
- rent $65. _ , „ _
27:6x^7:6— California st., near Larkln; 2 flats;
rents $<W 50; always rented.
47 :6xl37:'>— Broderick st., north of Golden Gate
aye. ; residence, stable, grounds, etc.
137:6x137:6 — Corner of Leavenworth and Green-
•wich sts.; 10 rooms and bath; rents $50; $12,000.
43x137:6— Pine St.. near Taylor: $12,000.
20x57:6— Corner Dupont and Hinckley; store
. «r.d lodging house; rents $S3: $10,000.
50x75— mentlna et.. near Fifth; 2 houses;
rents $71; $S500:
27:6x120 — With Improvements, on Ltnaon :
aye.; Hayes st., near Laguna; $6300.
i'.xSO — Fourth st.. near Harrison; store and
flat: $6.500; sale urgent.
20x576 — Lewis place, west of Taylor St.; 3
bay- window flats; rents $59; $6000.
25x60— Commercial St., near Front; brick
■.building: *60no. "-
-61x117—0 modern flats: rents $110; sunny and
fashionable; Mission belt.
2Sx73— Corner Eighteenth and Collingwood
*ts.; store and flats; $7000.
. 25x85— Nineteenth. near Valencia; 2-story I
• house of 8 rooms and bath; $3000.
24:3x69:9 — Green St.. near Powell; new mod-
ern bay-window flats: rents $38; $4500.
23x66— Green, near Hyde; modern doubie flats.
' 20x"i)-6— Vallejo Bt., near Powell; $4000.
25x122:6— well st., near Twenty-fourth; 2
fiats. $3800. n
25x114:6— Twenty-second St., near Guerrero; 2-
Btory bouse: $2900.
26:9x76:9— Corner Boardman place and Fargo
place; store and flat: rents $22; $2200.
' x9o— Twenty-sixth Et., near Harrison;
' cottage; $2100.
UNIMPROVED.
fOx7l:lO— SE corner Polk and Lombard.
23x115— Scott, near Washington.
137:6x137:6— Francisco, near Van Ness aye.;
■ Will subdivide In lots to suit.
25x85— 13th, near Stevenson; 2 lots.
Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
25x95— 13th, bet. Valencia and Jessie.
2SXIIO— Noe, near Ford; $1500.
60xlSS— Corner B st. and 25th aye.; in 1 or
more lots.
• 23.5x114— n.ar Dolores; $1000.
• . 23x90— 24th st., n«"ar Douglass; $S3O.
Silver Terrace Homestead lots cheap.
BEWARE—
Curbstone brokers and land sharks are sell-
ing lots near Ocean Boulevard and Park at
$400 which In rainy weather are submerged,
forming a lake, as the situation Is low
ground. Parties desiring lots In that vicinity
that are high and dry, with fine view of
ocean and boulevard can have their choice at
$300 on very easy payments by calling on
JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery st.
N. B. Cars and houses built on lots to suit.
$230 CASH— Second aye., near Point Lobos; bal-
ance of $500 can remain at 7 per cont; street
graded and sewered: lot 25x120. W. H. CRIM ;
& CO., 118 Montgomery st.
. HEALTH RESORT OF SAN FRANCISCO.
In the beautiful fc-unset Valley, near the
lovely Ocean Beach, and only 1 block from the
park and within lv minutes' walk of Sutro
Heights, where the climate ia warm and the
eea air balmy, Jacob Heyman & Son will ar-
range with purchasers to sell them lots and
cars or build them houses on small Install-
ments of $: and $7 50 per month. Fresh spring
water piped into cars and buildings and all
the conveniences required; 10 fnmilies have
already settled there permanently, and are
the happiest people In the world; don't delay,
as property is advancing in value near the
boach: ask only for Jacob Heyman's lots, as
• he Is the own«»r ami builder.
JACOB HEYMAW & SON, Owner,
11 Montgomery st.
■ ". N. B.— Next week we will have a branch
office fronting J st. and the boulevard.
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new 5-room
cottage near Holly Park; near Mission elec-
tric cars.
{250 Lots on Twenty-ninth Bt., near Diamond
and Glen Park; $5 monthly installments; lota
25x114 each. JACOB HEYMAN & BON,
■. • 11 Montgomery st.
RENTER: , I
What would you say If a man were to lend
you $6 and charge you $4 Interest on the above
amount? Would you not think him an ex-
tortioner of the worst type? ThouEh you
■may never have thought of It that is exactly
the Interest you are paying your landlord
every rrrstith for the use of hfs home. For
every payment ol $10 you make- us on account
of your own home we credit you with $6 on
' the principal and save you the monthly ex-
toction tjf«s4 We have 3 new houses on the
ll*yman Tract for sale on easy terms. Mr.
Cotter will .-how them to you. Take Mls-
■ plon electric cars, transfer to Twenty-second- i
* Ft cars and ride to Hoffman aye.
' JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 11 Montgomery st.
$100— LOTS In CoTma^ on the electric road; easy
■terms: JACOB .MAN, 11 Montgomery St.
CKXTKR £ BPADBR^ AGENTS>
11 MONTGOMERY ST. (Lick House block). j
! 173 000- Choice downtown business property,
paying over 7 per cent: always rented; large
lot 6 r . feet front; particulars at office.
$11 000— Must be sold to close an estate; choice
lot on Brannan st., near Fourth: 100x120.
. $90 per foot— any size; Guerrero St.. near
$!500 t 'la^h-Choice building lots. Sixteenth and j
Brvant ets.; ready to build on. 1
$900 each— Lots on Florida St.. near Sixteenth; |
. ready to build on.
$2000—130 Parker aye.. near Geary St.; new
modern cottage. 5 rooms: part cash: lot 23X120.
$2400—132 Parker aye.; 2 modern flats; rents
$25 per month: lot 25x100: part oash.
FOR sale— Pacific Heights residence Just be-
• ing completed, corner Jackson and Buchanan.
Finest homes ever offered on the market.
• Finished In mahogany and oak. Contain 12
rooms, attic, billiard room, wine room, heat-
er, etc., 7 mantels, dressing room adjoining
each bedroom. Inlaid floors In reception hall.
| Full particulars, MADISON & BURKE, 626
Market Ft. ____^
$6000— ELEGANT residence In Western Addi-
tlor: 10 rooms and bath; unobstructed marine
■ view; lot 37:6x137:6; foreclosure pale.
. ' $2600— Pine el. ; 8 rooms and bath; lot alone
worth the money.
J. W. WRIGHT & CO., 630 Merket st.
I £ CITY REAL ESTATB. _
1 NEW Property Listed for Sale During the
Month of January.
! $2400— Pays $27; good investment; close to
! Third and Bryant sts.; 2 houses; both rented.
$200 CASH.
BALANCE MONTHLY, SAME AS RENT.
j $1350— bay-window cottage in Holly Park |
i Tract, close to Mission st. cars; contains o :
| large rooms and bath; lot 50 feet front.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$. 'ooo— Handsome new building, close to the i
I Park Panhandle; splendid neighborhood; 3 i
j modern flats; ail rented; lot 50 feet front.
$7250— A good speculation; 2 modern flats of
: 6 and 7 rooms and bath: lot 28x100; on the ;
. business portion of Devisadero st. ; building j
, should be raised and store built under; would i
; pay well.
j $3200— Broadway, near Leavenworth st.; rent
| $32 50; Improvements consist of 3 flats of 4
rooms each.
$15,500— Prominent Haight et. corner; large
corner lot; 66x73; improvements consist of store
and flats; rent $120.
$2200— Cl?ment st.. near Fifth aye. : modern ;
i bay-window cottage, 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
: 100; stable In the rear.
! $7000— Folsom St., near Sixth: lot 37:Gx90; two
i houses of 7 rooms each; rent $50.
i $.'soo— modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
; bath each, on Lyon st.. near McAllister; lot 2ix
100; rent $45; mortgage o; $3500 can remain.
! $1850— Texas St., near Eighteenth; lot 25x100,
with cottage of 5 rooms and bath. ;
Handsome modern residence on La- :
guna St., near Broadway; contains 11 rooms, i
bath, etc.; lot 27:6x107:6.
Dolores st., near Twenty-eighth; lot
25x100, with cottage of 4 rooms and bath, with ;
| driveway to rear of lot.
i $4500— Baker st., near Sacramento; cottage of
| 6 rooms and bath: lot 25:5x102:6.
i DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
■ $36,500— Pays over S per cent: one tenant;
' lease has 7 years to run: good investment In the j
i wholesale district, near Mission St.; lot 43:10 x •
; 137:6, with 2-story brick building.
J2SoO— Nineteenth St.. near Noe; lot 25x114;
j rent $26; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms each.
j Ksoo— Mason St., near Jackson: 2-etory brick
I residence of 12 rooms; also flat of 5 rooms In
rear; extra large lot; 35x137:6.
! $7200— Rent $60: business property on promi-
I nent street in Western Addition; handsome 2-
story building; contains store and flat of 6
j rooms and bath; this is a very desirable piece ;
, ■of property and the improvements are new.
$SOOO— Offer wanted; rent $75; California st.. ;
between Baker and Lyon; lot 23x137:6; 2 hand-
some flats of 7 rooms, etc., each; always rent- |
ed; splendid investment.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
_____ ■
WESTERN
ADDITION
RESIDENCES.
Reduced to $16,500: almost new Pacific Heights
residence; parlor, sitting room, reception hall, j
dining room, breakfast room, kitchen, butlei s
pantry 10 bedrooms; finished basement; all
modern conveniences: hardwood floors; every- ;
thing in perfect condition; best neighborhood; |
a sfs e 000- : Laguna et. corner residence; 2-story. ,
! attic and basement; contains 15 rooms. 2 baths .
' and all modern conveniences; large mortgage
j can remain; property must be sold. ;
$4S3O— Near the Park Panhandle: brand new
house of S rooms, bath, etc. : good location; lot
I 25x137:6; house Is very attractively finished; a ,
" "f 500— Clay st corner residence, containing j
12* rooms. etc.; modern in every respect; splen- j
did location; large^ner^ou q -anted.
10 Montgomery et.
I A 15000— 5500 cash, "balance same as rent; beau-
! tlful "new residence of 8 rooms, bath, etc., ,
c ose to Golden Gate Park Panhandle : splendid
b E l gS/'Mo« 1 g m b e^t.
T ?o IS P e\ S the^Tea ) Park which Baldwin |
& HoweH are selling so fast. If you wait
much longer they will be all gone. Over 100 j
"ts sold in the past 100 days. Prices range j
from $200 up-wards. Terms $25 cash, $0 montn- i
lv Lots graded, streets graded, splendid
views Best residence lots in the city for the
money. Lots face on Eighth, Ninth. Tenth
and Eleventh ayes.. south of Golden Gate
Park Take the Haight or Ellis-st. cars. |
transfer to the electric road which runs to ;
the Cliff House and get off at Ninth aye. and i
II "st We have a branch office there where ,
you can obtain diagrams and price lists.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
NEAR MARKET. \ j
NEAR MARKET. 1
On Seventh st.; store on first, floor; S good j
rooms above: rents $50; must be sold at once; j
price reduced to $5000.
BUSINESS CORNER.
In Western Addition; splendid corner; fine i
new 2-story building covering lot 25x98 feet;
rents $85; can be bought at a great bargain;
1 price $10,000; will shade this.
ON TEHAMA ST.
A good J-room hou?e standing on lot 37:6x73
feet, with room to improve; rents $25; good j
Investment; price $3000.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE. :
On Broderick St.. near Hayes; house of 10
rooms; lot 25x137:6; will sell more ground If
desired; a fine home for the money; price $6000. ,
CHEAP LOTS IN RICHMOND.
On Seventh aye., bet. Lake and Presidio
Reservation; lots run back to Mountain Lake
Park; $750 and $1000.
IN PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
On north side Clay st.. near Walnut: 30x
127:8; fine eunny lot ready to build on; street j
bltuminized; reduced to $2750.
We have several cheap Mission cottages.
SEND FOR OUR LIST
Of cheap lots In the Panhandle and Alamo 1
Square districts; also Presidio and Pacific
Heights lots.
ON CALIFORNIA ST.
A great bargain on California Ft., near 12th !
aye.; fine lot, 25x100; price reduced to $600; It's i
a very cheap lot. •
McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
AUCTION SALE OF REAL ESTATE
BY *
COFFEY. HUGHES & CO.,
At Salesroom, 19 Montgomery st.,
WEDNESDAY, March 15, 1599, at 12 o'clock. !
[ 625 Turk st., near Van Ness— 27:6xl2o to rear
■ street.
1209 Page st., near Baker— 9 rooms and bath;
1 27:6x137:6.
Three lots, east of Twentieth aye., north of j
j Clement; 25x120 each.
2521 and 2523 Bush st., near Dcvlsadero— I
residences: sold as whole or subdivisions.
2933 ■jay st., near Devisadero— rooms and
bath; 27:6x127:8%.
50S Mason st., near Post — 18x55.
323-325 Bryant St., southwest cor. Ecker, bet.
' First and Second; also cottage on Ecker st. ;
' lot 25x80.
Flats 1014 and 1014% Ridley St., near Haight |
I and Scott; 25x119.
j Probate sale — and 109V4 Langton st. ; front i
I and rear houses; lot 25x80.
Four houses, southeast cor. Pine and Scott
! sts.; lot 82:6x87.
Probate sale— south of Oak St., west of
! Steiner; 30x120.
Lot west of Diamond st., south of Eighteenth;
1 block from Castro; 24:8x125.
For further particulars apply to COFFEY,
HUGHES & CO., Real Estate Agents and Auc-
tioneers, 19 Montgomery Bt.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET STREET.
$75,000— Tw0 f.ne water lots; size 91:8x137:15
feet: in the coming wholesale district; Fre- :
1 mont and Market sts.: this Is a big opportunity i
, to (ret a fine piece of business property cheap; ]
1 have a first-claps tenant for purchaser, who i
will erect building.
$36,000 — Geary *t. : down town; lot 97:6x120
feet; with four houses, all rented, for $140 per
month: can b" much Increased by expending ,
1 a small amount; this Is a fine property.
$20,000— Sansome corner; size 61x62 feet; with j
; three-story brick building on; partially rented
for $116 per month; can be made to be $200; a
fine investment.
$2150— Minna st.. near Third: two flats; rent-id
/or 1 per cent per month on investment; lot
30x70 feet: a bargain.
$75.000— st. ; lot 25x100 feet; well rent-
ed: with brick building on; particulars at of-
fice.
Park avenue; opposite City Hall; lot 25x90
j feet; mußt be sold: subject to approval of
Probate Court; make bid.
For further particulars apply to
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAO,
624 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
1 " ZHZ
: $20 230— PAYS 7 PER CENT NET INCOME.
Grand business corner; new building; long
lease; best part of McAllister st.
$2100— CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
On Folsom st., near Twelfth; street accepted;
must sell. -*.>" :
$11,000— BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Elegant 3-story building, large store and 2
fine flats; double lot to rear st.; close to City
Hall' any reasonable offer submitted.
BURNHAM Ar MARSH CO.,
.:j!..,r 20 Montgomery st.
$1000— POTRERO ; bargain; Twentieth St.. 25
feet west of Missouri st. south; 25x100 feet;
near Union Iron Works; ground rents pay
irood Interest on investment: half cash. In-
quirt QUSTAVE "SgHERRER. 235 Mlsslsslpl.
$26 000— HOUSES; lot 137:6x87:6: north part of
city. GEO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Montgomery Bt.
MILL VALLEY— sale; house and lot. Ap-
ply box IS2S, Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
Established 1858. 626 Market st.
Stockton st., flrst block from Market St., fine
piece of business property at a bargain.
Must be sold— fine flats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low. $55; only $7250; make offer. ,
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
Gough st., near- Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x52:6.
$2600 only for a nice 2-story house in perfect j
order; Hampshire Et., near Eighteenth; lot 25x 1
100. ■ . ___
— Central aye., near Hayes St.; good
building- with an old-established restaurant and
bakery business; lot 25x100.
$5000— flats; Twenty-flrst st., near Va- ;
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 23x90.
$5000— O" Bt., near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45x80.
$2900— Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114. ....
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-flrst St., near
Castro; o rooms and stable; 25x114.
Webster St., near McAllister; 6. rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6.
Hyde St., near Union; cars pasa; lot 26x60;
only $2500.
$2200— Building and lot; west line Mission St.,
near Cortland aye. ; 26x60.
$900— Ripley St., near Harrison; 25x75; 7-room
house.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20,000— Pacific aye., southwest corner Octavla j
St.; 50x127:8.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts.; 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner; only $2250; California and Locust
Bte. ; 37:6x107:7.
50-vara; Buchanan Bt., corner Chestnut; $6000;
137:6x137:6.
J5200— Oak st., opposite the Park, near Clay-
ton; 50x137:6.
Church St., near Sixteenth; 50x123; only $2000
per lot.
California, near Broderick; 24:5x52:6.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay st.. near Spruce; 27:6x127:9.
$3000— Twenty-first St., near Sanchez: 60x114.
Filbert, corner Buchanan; 25x90.
$1750— st., near Webster; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J St.; 25x120.
Twenty-first St., between Diamond and 1
Eureka; 25x97:6.
-Jersey St., near Noe; 25x114.
$800— Twentieth St., corner Douglass; 30x110.
California 6t., near Second aye.: 25x100; $SOO. j
$800— Tremont aye., near Frederick St.; 25x75.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
HAVE you money to Invest?
Then Come to Our New Office.
A. M. SPECK A CO., 667 Market, corner Third. |
Elegant Accommodations. Good Inrestment*.
$4SOO.
8 brand-new flats, rented $52: select location.
$5500.
9-room house, vicinity Van Ncsa aye. and
McAllister st.
$2550. '--
Two new flats, vicinity Sixteenth St.; rents
$30 . I
$1250— good fiats, near Broadway and
Mason St.; halt' cash.
$2000 — 20-acre poultry ranch, near San Rafael;
house, barn, etc.
$10,500— E2xSO feet, with 8 flats; rents
$115; 1 block from Market st.
$21,000 — 40 feet, corner Golden Gate aye. ; pays
7 per cent net; good improvements. '.'■"?;
$$250— Corner C2:6xl00; Haight and Broderick;
40-foot front; Hayes Valley;
new improvements; rents $90; fine, sightly lo- ,
Ca Corner 137:6x137:6. with Improvements, j
"$60.000— Corner 60x109 feet on Van Ness aye.; I
r.er 60x109 feet on Van Ness aye.;
"IJToOO— "Six-story brick building, near Bald-
win; 1 tenant pays 6 per cent net.
jxiO 000— Grand corner on Ellis St.; rents $600,
lot 55x120 feet; 3 fronts. ■.„»
«S0 000— Grand 6-story Investment; vicinity 01
Sixth ahd Market ets. ; jrenU ; gj^ & ca
' RUSSELL «f SURRYHNE,
Real Estate Agents, Rent Collectors and
Insurance Brokers.
" 138 MONTGOMERY ST. .
$3"30-Corner on Golden Gate aye.; lot 32:6 x
100; building arranged for store; rooms in rear;
good location for grocer. "
$4600— Steiner st.. near Geary; 2 flats. 5 and
6 rooms; rent $33: lot 25x90; owner determined
to sell; would consider an offer.
$siVrO— Probably less; 3 flats, 5 rooms and
bath each; rents $43; lot 25x97:6; good location :
In the Mission. '■ ' \'J ;
$IS3O— Near Bteiner and Geary sts.; good |
house of 7 rooms and bath; lot 22x70; must |
be Fold. . ,; ;
Folsom st., near Second: fine house, 12 |
rooms and bath; at small outlay oould be con- I
verted into 3 flats: lot 25xS0; sold to close an |
estate; will consider an offer.
$2350— Vallejo st.. near Lf-avenworth: 3 tene-
ments; rents $20 per month; lot 25x137:6; cheap ;
$3250— Want an offer; near Ninth and How- !
ard; 2 flats; rents }3o; lot 25x75. ■•'.-
-ss2so —Near Haight and Fillmore sts.: corner
store; now occupied as a grocery, with flat
above: rents $50; lot 24xSl. • ;
{7500— Want an offer: flne lot on Post st., .
near Van Ness aye.; 25x120, running through !
to a rear street.
$900 cash — Nice cottage, 5 rooms and bath; :
lot 25x75; Nineteenth St., near car line; bal-
ance of $1000 on easy terms.
$1250— Lot 25x80; Clementina Bt., near Second. |
$10,000 — Elegant modern residence; Jackson
st., north side; 10 rooms and bath? unobstruct- |
ed marine view. ;
Further list at office. i j
HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath: lot 27:6x110; cor- j
ncr Leavenworth and Chestnut; $4500; $300 I
down; Installments $35 monthly.
$6000— TWO elegant flats; 2229 and 2231 Fifteenth
St.; 6 and 7 rooms; basement partly finished;
large stable; owner lives in lower flat.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING. 1
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY $200! ONLY $200! INSTALLMENTS! :
BEST AND CHEAPEST LOTS NEAR
BOULEVARD AND BEACH!
NEW BLOCKS, FINE CLIMATE. SUPERB
VIEW.
$300 to $800— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots; '
best home sites in the city; only $25 down, $5
monthly.
Special bargains In Richmond lots— s4oo to !
$800; ready to build an.
$100 to $."00— Lots near Mlsslon-at. electric ■
cars; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly.
Branch Office on Ninth aye., near H st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDIKO.
$5750— elegant flats. Just completed, 5 an<! I
C C BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
"Agent, 324 Montgomery Bt.
Make Northeast corner Twenty-sev- ,
enth and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 j
e S2SOO— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 50x
$2goo— North line Carl st., near Stanyan; 50x
137:6 feet. " _ ,_
Residence and North line Pacific aye.,
near Webster; lot 30x127 feet.
In Berkeley— lot; 87x150. with modern
house of 9 rooms. '
1 - MISSION COTTAGES
Four 5. 6 and S-room houses on the sunny
Fide of Twentieth st., between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200: small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
' COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN— SO acres of land; near school;
facing county road to San Jose, bet. Warm
Springs and Mllpltas; 3 acres vineyard, bal-
ance grain land; good 9-room house, barn,
well windmill and tank. For further par-
ticulars call 425 Eleventh St., Oakland.
$900—6% ACRES, IVi miles from Hay wards;
cottage, 5 rooms; windmill, tank and tank-
bouse; 'family orchard: wood and water. A.
M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market Et.
$6 AN acre 200 acres level, fenced, on living
stream and public road; barn, well, spring,
garden but no house; $600 down. $600 on time;
must sell at once. M. GRIFFIN, Cotton- :
wood, Cal.
$1000— GREAT bargains in Santa Clara County;
164 acres: write for particulars. McEWEN
BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
MILL VALLEY, cottage, 5 rooms and bath,
stable, fruit trees, for sale cheap. Apply 2719
Bryant aye., city.
MILL VALLEY— sale; house and lot. Ap-
. ply box 435. Call office. ■_
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per i
' acre- choice lands In tracts of all sizes: im- I
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; • easy terms: rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27, Bth floor Mills bldg.. S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts- 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. SO2 California St., S. F.
WANTED— SmaII improved ranch; cash bar- 1
gain. Box 394, Call.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
290 ACRES, no incumbrance, hay. grain, fruit
and vegetables: 50 inches water; Chinese run
vegetables; fully stocked and equipped; lias
over 1000 feet glass hotbeds; owner non-resi-
dent; will sell or exchange for city or Oak-
land income. Address T., Station F.
$3500 RESIDENCE In Oakland for property of i
less value, with cash difference; $2500 cottage
in Napa for rentable property. PACIFIC
EXCHANGE, 1055 Market st.
FOR sale or exchange for city residence, nice
home In Alameda. Box 392, Call office.
CITY REAL ESTATE!.
1 EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
ELEGANT PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$16,500— Modern house of 10 rooms and bath on
■■•-• ..-,•.. Broadway: street bituminized; large lot,
34:4x127 feet.
EDDY-ST. RESIDENCE..
$15,000— Large modern residence, one block from
Van Ness aye., in one of the best resi-
dence districts In the city; mortgage of
$11,000 can remain; lot 34:4x120 feet to
rear street.
TUKK-ST. FLATS.
$6,500— Tw0 nice Oats, with stable, etc.; always
rented; street bltuminized; cement side-
walk; nrar Buchanan St.; lot 25:11x120
feet to Laurel aye. _,"•-"
BARGAIN.
$3,100— house of 8 rooms and bath, on
California st., near Pierce; street bitu-
mlnized; cement sidewalk; California,
Sacramento and Fillmore street cars;
lot 25x137:6 feet.
STEINER-ST. INVESTMENT.
Pays 10 per cent.
$4,soo— Store with flat of 6 rooms above; near
Turk st.; .street bitumlnlzed; lot 25x
87:6 feet.
RARE INVESTMENT IN FLATS.
$3,ooo— Four fine flats of 4 rooms each: separ-
ate basements; rents $33; must be sold;
make offer.
MISSION HOME.
$3,ooo— Small cash payment, balance like rent;
elegant modern home of 5 rooms and
porcelain bath; high basement; brick
mantel, tile sink, etc.; lot 25x114 feet. •
SAN JOSE AYE. HOME.
— Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath:
basement and brick foundation; renta
$17 per month: lot 25x100 feet.
RARE INVESTMENT.
Pays 1 per cent per month.
Only $500 required; balance easy: a few
blocks from Market and Fourth sts.;
large house arranged to accommodate
3 tenements; Al condition: just re-
■ mudele.i: don't fall to see this.
RICHMOND HOME.
$100 cash, balance on flat mortgage; 7 per
cent or installments; modern cottage of
5 rooms, bath and high basement; on
Sixth aye.: street work done; cars pass
door; must be sold.
FINE EXCHANGE.
Modern 10-room residence In Pasa-
dena on best avenue; corner lot. 80x209
feet: orange,- lemon, prune and magno-
lia trees: will exchange for residence or
business property In San Francisco.
We are preparing our monthly cata-
logue for our March auction sale. For
particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
«3S Market St.
. . FORECLOSURE OF MORTGAGE
Only $2975
• For two pottages and
very large lot on beautiful bitumlnized street;
electric cars, etc.
Must be sold _...
H. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
DO you want a pretty lot
To build a pretty home?
Only $775; beautiful lots bordering on the Pre-
sidio; nothing in the vicinity for less than
$1000 to $1200; very choicest and most beau-
tiful location. H. MURPHT, 636 Market st.
Jl4W — snap In Western Addition; Waller,
near Fillmore; through to rear St.; 25x120;
Waller pt. bltuminiz' d.
$2600— 1£ Capp st.; Fine cottage of 6 rooms,
with stable" on rear street; must be sold to
close an estate.
Chp&p. tine building lot in the Mission;
will build house to suit on easy terms. Mc-
EWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
i sire: avoid red tape and publicity see us flrst;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-6?, Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
j LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
! ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 2d
j and 3d mnrtiraKes. estates, real estate in pro-
bate, mortgages and leifacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
TO LEND. BUMS FROM $500 TO $50.00n. at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by install-
ments.
Money loaned on PATENTS. INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured tn DEVELOP
AND PERFECT SAME. R. GOULD.
131 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
plry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market «t. : tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 100314 Broadway,
Oakland. Hotirs, 10 to 3.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rate=; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
BORROW money on Indorsed payer or your
salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d & Jensle.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.
ON pianos, furniture; Oakland: Alameda:
Berkeley. EPSON, 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgafres and undivided Interests In
estates n specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $30,000; lowest rates; Ist nnd 2d mortff. ;
any proposition. DrydPn. 413 Monteom»ry st.
FINANCIAL.
YOU CAN MAKE BIG MONEY
BY answering: this ad.; no fake; absolutely
straight and desirable: a genuine business
chance for any one with small capital; no
canvassing or soliciting; nothing of the kind;
something new and extraordinary; write n;e
immediately. WATSON, 106 Fulton St., N. Y.
16000 — A LADY in hard circumstances would
like, to sell her home near Park Panhandle;
Immediate relief necessary; mortgaged for
nearly half. Inquire Call branch office, 357
Hayes st.
MONEY to loan — Real estate. 2d mortg.. chut-
tels, Ptc HBrper & Krelger. 312 Examiner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTAI'E.
$600— NEW cottage and lot, 50x135; well located:
near local train; terms only $5 month. AL-
DEN CO.. 902 Broadway.
$200 ER acre for 30 acres at Froitvale; re-
duced from $1000 per acre. ALDEN CO., 902
Broadway.
ELEGANT residence: will take part
trade. ALDEN CO., 902 Hroadway. * ,
MONEY to loan on real estate; also furniture,
pianos, etc. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
THE recent decision In Oakland's annexation
suit; the prospect of the Santa Fe rallroa'd;
the proposed "cross town boulevards" from
Piedmont Hills to connect with prospective
ferry at Emeryville, and the new electric rail-
road now in course of construction on San
Pablo aye.. is creating an unusual demand
for "North Oakland Real Estate." Lots and
acreage property belonging to the estate of
Margaret P. McCourtney, deceased, located
In that locality and valued at over $60,000,
now on the market at private sale, subject
to withdrawal as soon as all debts and
claims are paid. For particulars address
RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY, Executor, 470
Thirteenth St., Oakland. Cal.
A— MONTHLY will buy a new cottage and 2
lots In the Alvln Tract; take Hayward3 local
train to Elmhurst (trains stop In front of the
Alvln Tract), or Haywards electric car to
Jones aye. ; free carriage meets electric cars
.Sunday. W. H. WIGGINS, resident agent.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON. 11 Montgomery
St., or 902 Broadway, Oakland.
2-STORY, 6-room modern house; lot 33x150; for
V- Its value; East Oakland.
S acres level land; 5-room house:. barn, wind-
mill and tank; must be sold. See JAMES E,
WHITE. 906 i:roadw.ay, rooms 36-37. i .. /
$20 CASH. $5 monthly: cottage cabin; lot 50x
ISO; price $190 all told; 150 feet new fencing:
large grove of trees: flne soil: grand view;
.excellent climate: no togs nor cold winds;
near a flne 3-story schoolhouse and electric
cars: 90-foot boulevard; streets all graded:
some macadamizfd; drainage perfect; a few
lots $75 upward: $5 cash, $5 monthly; special
terms made; Allendale Tract, East Oak-
land. Call or send for. circular. 455 Seventh
St., near Broadway, Oakland. H. Z. JONES,
Owner.. . _
NEW 5-room cottage, high basement, all mod-
em improvements and 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks; $200
down, balance same as rent. Field Realty
Co., 1145 E. 14th Bt, nr. 23d aye., E. Oakland.
80 MINUTES from San Francisco; 3 minutes
from station; In attractive neighborhood;
new residence. 7 rooms; strictly modern; thor-
oughly constructed and finely finished; lot 42x
12. r • small payment anil monthly Installments
can be arranged. HERON & HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway.
$2000— WONDERFUL bargain; 8-room house;
lot 102x126; near Telegraph aye.: one of the
1 greatest barralns In Oakland; I am author-
ized to sell immediately: forced sale. E. E.
BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oakland. . ■ . -
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, IS pages, sent to any address in the
United Etate» or Canada one year for $1,
postnee paid. • -*--:.■■■'■
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store, 40S Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
i ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1000— Lot 50x125: house 5 rooms; good location.
$2200—75x150; cottage, 5 rooms; Central aye.
$3500 — Elegant house, 8 rooms; large lot;
Grand St., near San Antonio aye.
$3500—50x150; new 8-room house; Morton street
station.
Choice lot on Chestnut St., near San Jose
avp., $22 per foot: to exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; splendid 7-room cottage; at
Morton street station.
The above are In best locations and can be
bought on terms to suit: convenient to trains
and schools. ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1500 Park st., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
San Francisco Office, 30 Montgomery st.
BARGAINS.
Several 5 and 6 room cottages: small pay-
ment down; balance on time to suit: must
sell. A. R. DENKE SR.. Webster st. station.
$1500— A NEW first-class 5-room cottage: all
modern; at station (to order); lot 30x100: it
will cost you nothing to Investigate; terms.
J. H. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park st.
12000— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150:
fine artesian well, windmill, etc. ; easy term 3.
Elegant new home. 8 rooms: lot 42x135;
Santa Clara aye.; terms $400 cash. $25 per mo.
$2600— New Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; lot 42x
20"; half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash. $25 per month.
$3500— New house of 8 rooms: lot 40xla0; nne
location; 'San Antonio aye.: Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash, $25 per month.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
For sale or rent, 11 acres adjoining University
grounds: good house, barn, etc. DR. S. M.
MOUSER. 707 Bush St.. San Francisco.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
7-ROOM new house; Ashby station: rent tli.
THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market Bt.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$1100— A BARGAIN: $150 cash and $15 per
month: house of 5 rooms and bath; barn,
fruit trees: lot 100x105; all fenced; only 3
blocks from Fruitvale Station.
Half-acre lot with cottage of 3 rooms
and basement; barn, pigeon house; city water;
easy terms If desired.
$lSOO— 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath; fine
mantel; barn, choice fruit trees In bearing: lot
50x150; located In the best part of Fruitvale;
$100 cash, balance $20 per month.
$2800—3 acres in choice fruit trees of a variety;
house of 6 rooms: barn and chicken houses;
flno well, windmill and tank: fronting electric
car line: only 1 mile from Fruitvale Station.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.
NEW, modern house in hest locality Frultvale;
9 large rooms; floored basement, full size:
plate-glass windows: finest plumbing and
sewerage; main rooms frescoed; hot-air fur-
nace connected with rooms; 2 blocks to school
and cars; lot 60x190; lawn and cement walks;
for eale; very moderate. Apply at 1475 Twen-
ty-seventh aye. ___
HOUSES TO LET.
CLIPPER, 144—14 rooms, stable: reduced from
$27 50 to $20. A. M. SPECK & CO.. C 67 Mar-
ket St., opposite Kearny.
~ HOUSES. • I FLATS.
1220 Laguna; 8 r...535 232S Fillmore; 6 r....525
1222 Buchanan; 7 r. 3033 California; 6 r... 20
HIS Guerrero; 10 r. 40,1609 Turk; 6 r IS
542 Howard; 6 r... 20 1 41 Hill: 5 r 17
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
$10— HOUSE of 3 rooms, with large basement.
140 Rose aye.
10-ROOM house, well furnished. Western Ad-
dition. Apply SAUNDERS. 93S Geary st.
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms; grand view; to a small
family only. X Lawrence place, off Fremont
6t., between Harrison and Bryant.
FIRST advertising solicitor for publication.
Address at once box 1778. Call office.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house, 9 rooms, bath; piano;
la.»''ment; parties going to their summer
home; responsible. Call 311 Taylor, 2-4 p. m.
$4".— 262S FOLSOM. near Twenty-second: 12
rooms, bath, laundry, yard, stable, garden.
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms; rear cottage, 3 rooms;
large stable and wagon shed; reasonable. 1562
Turk st.
GROVE, 1617/4, nr. Lyon— Cottage of 3 large
Eunny rooms in rear; rent $7; G. G. Park.
SUNNY cottages of 5 rooms: also flat. 6 rooms,
bath; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St., nr. Dolores.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder, 521
X St., Sunset District.
KLATS TO LET.
AN elesant upper 7-room flat, bath, laundry,
sanitary plumbing; sunny side; 8 a. m. to 2
p. m. 71SA Bush St.
APPLY 1722 Howard, near Thirteenth, 5 rooms,
bath; new and sunny; 3 front rooms; glazed
porch; rent reasonable; please Investigate.
BUCHANAN, 916— Sunny corner bay-window
flat. G rooms, bath; rent $15.
CLAY, 1415 A, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde-
First-class sunny flat, 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.
FIRST, 225— 5 eunny rooms; large yard; busi-
ness center; rent low.
FLAT of 4 rooms: bay-window; bath; $12. 716
Natoma St., between Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT of 5 sunny .rooms; cheap rent. Corner
Bryant st. and "Morris aye.
FLAT of 3 rooms. 1017 Bryant St.; $7.
FOR rent— An elegant sunny flat of 6 rooms
and bath; all modern Improvements. 407
Devlsadero st. ; rent $25.
FOURTEENTH, 134, near Howard— Modern
sunny 5 rooms; bath; cellar; $18.
GEORGE R. SANDERSON.
JOHN W. FLINN.
WILLARD B. HARRINGTON.
Elegant flats and houses, furnished and un-
furnished, to let in Presidio Heights, Nob Hill,
Richmond and other parts of city.
FLINN, SANDERSON & CO..
Real Estate and Insurance Agents,
tSS Montgomery st.
GO see those modern sunny flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath In the elegant new building
corner of Valencia and Nineteenth sts. Ap-
ply tn L. A. SOUC & CO., 465 Valencia St..
near Sixteenth.
HARRISON, 2905— Flat, 5 rooms and bath; op-
posite Garfleld Square.
LIBERTY. 221, near Dolores— Flat, 5 large
rooms; bath; gaa; tubs; rent only $15.
LOWER flat, 4 rooms and yard; rent $12. 113V4
Lily aye.
MCALLISTER, 635— Fine flat of seven rooms,
and bath; rent reasonable.
MODERN flat of 6 rooms; large yard. 1531
Broadway, between Van Ness aye. and Polk
St.; key basement.
NEAR Mechanics' Pavilion— Fine top flat, 4
sunny rooms. 60 Ivy aye.
NEW modern flats. Nos. 242-244 Frederick st..
between Clayton and Tromont.
NICE fiat of 5 rooms and bath. 21% Lapldge
Et., off Eighteenth, near Valencia.
NINTH Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
an d bath, $15.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of flats from BALDVV & HOYV-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
POST, l/ower flat; 6 rooms and bath; large
yard, rent $18.
SHOTWELL, 10228, near Twenty-fourth—
of 4 sunny rooms and bath; rent $15.
STEINER. bet. Geary and O'Farrell—
new sunny flats: open to-day; 9-room. $47 50;
7-room $37 50; also on same lot, facing Elliott
Park 5-room. $22 50; 4-room, $18: have porce-
lain tub-9 basements and all modern Improve-
ments; water, (scavenger and Janitor service
included. • \
STORE and flat on sunny corner of Twenty-
fifth and Shotwell sta.; rent reasonable.
SUNNY flat, suitable for tailor shop or dress-
maker. 638 Jessie Bt., between 7th and Bth.
BUNNY flat, 4 rooms, bath; rewly finished. 7
Madison aye.. off Harrigon
SUNNY -6-room flat and bath: latest improve-
ments; rent low. 1040 A Folsom st.
SUNNY lower flat. 4 rooms. 172 Hawthorne
St.. near Harrison.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; newly papered; cheap.
Call 921 Harrison St., 1 to 4 p. m.
SUNNY flat, suitable for tailor shop or dres«-
maker. Jessie st. .
UPPER and lower sunny corner, 3 rooms and
bath flats: rent $10. 2219 Polk st.
•12 FOUR sunny rooms and bath. 1264 Rose
aye near Halght and Gough sts. HOOKER
& LENT.
HANDSOME sutmiv 4-room upper modern
fiat. 2643 Harrison St.. near Twenty-third.
$13— LOWER flat, 6 rooms; bath; big yard.
2578 Clementina «t.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD St., near Castro; upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
597 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
699 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; lower 4 rooms;
$13 . ,
47 Pond St.; upper sunny 5 rooms; $14.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A FLOOR with 3 beautiful large complete
furnished rooms; bath, gas, hot and cold
water; new house: fine view; healthy lo-
cation; private family; no children. 4231
20th St., near Castro.
CLEMENTINA. 7U7— Front housekeeping, bath
and laundry. $" "P-
-EDDY, 743—2, 3 or 4 furnished sunny rooms;
also single room: use of piano. ___
FIFTH. JM— Ne— house; parlor, bedroom, large
kitchen, complete for housekeeping; hot and
cold water; reasonable.
FlFTH, ~3S3— Furnished, 3, $12; 2, $12; single, $4
up; private family.
FIRST, 2S— 3 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping, $12 mo.; also 2 unfurnished, $6 mo.
FOLSOM. 646— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms, with yard: suitable for housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 563 — 2 large sunny housekeeping
rooms, with yard; furnished complete.
FOURTH, 225— Large sunny room for light
housekeeping; also single.
FULTON, 213—2 unfurnished parlors, or parlor
and room suite, for light housekeeping.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny rooms suitable for
housekeeping: also other rooms; bath.
GUERRERO. 1147, near Twenty-fourth— Three
rooms furnished for housekeeping; reasonable.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Desirable
housekeeping rooms for 2; use of parlors.
HOWARD, 525—1 or 2 rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; stove and water; $6
and $8.
HOWARD, 761H— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite, with kitchen; man and wife; reasnble.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near 16th— 2 newly furnished
housekeeping rooms; cook stove; cheap.
LANGTON, 15. near Seventh and Howard— 3
neatly furnished rooms; housekeeping; cellar;
$10.
LARKIN, 804—2 sunny rooms, furnished for
light housekeeping. $11; large sunny front and
back rooms, $S and $5.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— 2 rooms and
kitchen, unfurnished.
LIBERTY, 126— Warm belt of Mission; sunny
suite; piano; use of kitchen; reasonable; Va-
lencia st. cars.
MARKET, 1597—2 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping.
MCALLISTER, 1050^-Sunny furnished room
and kitchen; running water; gas; large
closet; $12.
MINNA 111H— Furnished bay-window house-
keeping room, $1 50 and $1 25 week.
MINNA. 545— Sunny furnished housekeeping
room; cheap rent.
MISSION, 834— Light housekeeping rooms,
sunny front room.
MISSION, 1125V4— Large front room, nicely fur-
nished: good cookstove; cheap.
MISSION, 1217— Sunny furnished suites, com-
plete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1747—2 funny front suites, $10; stove,
water; aIRO single rooms.
MISSION District— Young couple will share
pretty furnished home; cheap: light and
sunny; convenient; gas range. Box J64, Call.
NATOMA. 538— Sonny unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms.
! NATOMA, 739. near Ninth— Single or house-
keeping rooms; sunny.
NATOMA. 1002. nr. Eleventh— Furnished sunny
rooms for light housekeeping; also single;
quiet family.
NINTH. 20— Front bay-window suite. $12; 2
sunny connecting, $10; single; stove; water;
gas.
NOE, 151, N. of Market— 2 sunny bay-window
rooms; modern: gas range; grate; bath; 112.
OCTAVIA 411, neap Hayes— 2 rooms; sunny.
neat, clean; light housekeeping if desired;
$3 50 and $4.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— 2 bay windows;
singly, $>*: with kitchen, gas stove, $13.
POLK, 522— Nice front suite of unfurnished
housekeeping rooms.
POST, 615- Pleasant alcove rooms for light
housekeeping; also sunny single rooms.
POWELL, 508— One sunny unfurnished parlor;
private family; references.
SECOND, 223—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$7 B0; also furnished bedroom. $5.
SHOTWELL, 324, bet. Seventeenth and Elght-
Icely furnished front rooms for
housekegpli | • t% ; rent $10.
SIXTH 21CH— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms: light housekeeping & sing.: rent rea».
SIXTH. 420— Sunny front housekeeping rooms;
running water, bath, etc.: also single; reas.
STEVENBON, 257— Furnished housekeeping
room; 2 or 3.
ST. JAMES. 824 Laguna— Sunny suits, from
$15 up; unfurnished, $12 50; quiet home.
SUNNY bay-window room for housekeeping;
private family; reasonable. Box 303. Call.
TEHAMA. 5. near First — 4 sunny rooms near
business: rent moderate.
TURK, 543—2 front rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; pas; bath; $16.
TURK, 643— Fine large frnnt room, furnished
complete for housekeeping; gas; bath; $10.
TWELFTH, 230 C — 2 front rooms: house-
keeping;; use of gas stove; private family;
good locality.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367. near Mission— Large
sunny housekeeping suites, furnished, running
water, $8. '
VALENCIA, 1175— Nicely furnished front bay-
window housekeeping; bath, sink: cheap.
VAN NESS aye., 401B— Modern nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; sun all day.
VAN NESS, 940—3 partly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent $18 per month.
VAN NESS aye., 706—3 front eunny rooms; and
?. back, with yard. $16.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath ; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT Taylor. 149— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
quiet house: transient; reasonable.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
eunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
A— SUTTER, 717. 831— Sunny, choice, reason-
able; appreciated if seen; please investigate.
AT 14A Geary -Double bed, hair mattress; run-
ning water; $1 50 a week.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk., $1 50 to
$3; Flrple. $1 to $1 50: night. 23c to 50c.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms: suites,
Bingle; facing plaza: day or month.
BUCHANAN, 606— Furnished room; reasonable.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 700V4. corner Powell— Nicely furnished
sunny bay-window room, $10; also single, $6.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished rooms; prices to suit.
EDDY, 207— Neatly furnished sunny flngle
room; $5; with gas.
EDDY, 473— Bright sunny room; double bed;
$5 per month.
ELLIS. 1340— T0 let; nice furnished room; rent
reasonable.
FOLSOM, 820. near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 per week
GEARY, 36^. The Clyde— Changed hands; front
rooms, $2 to $6 per week; 50c to $1 50 per day.
GEARY, 622— Large bay-window front sunny
room; modern conveniences; also one small.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; grate;
private family; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050— One large sunny, well-
furnished room; free telephone.
GOUGH, 540— Sunny front furnished single
room, $1 a week.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant eunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HARRIET. 15, off Howard, near Sixth— Fur-
nished bedroom; rent $4.
HARRISON, 7S4H, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week.
HICKORY aye., 11, 2 doors off Van Ness— Sin-
gle or double 6unny bedroom; quiet house;
from $4 up.
HOWARD. S29— Rooms $1 up; also "housekeep-
ing and transient.
HYDE, IOOOM., corner Pine— Large front Bunny
unfurnished room; gents.
JONES, 41S— Elegant new furnished rooms;
board optional ; rent reasonable.
JONES. 610— Front sunny room, suitable 2 gen-
tltmen or couple; running water; reasonable.
LARKIN, 247, corner McAllister— Furnished
rooms and also unfurnished, suitable for
offices.
LARKIN. 1007— Sunny corner suite; running
water; grate; closet; single rooms; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 411— Parlor floor of 3 rooms
for doctor or man and wife.
MARKET, 1055— Neatly furnished rooms; day,
week or month.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MARKET. 1122— Suite of sunny rooms; larga
bay-window, facing Market; also single.
MASON, 219, near O'Farrell— Sunny furnished
rooms; man and wife or two gentlemen; sin-
gle rooms.
MASON, 611— Large sunny room; gaa; bath;
also single room; private family.
MCALLISTER, 697—2 furnished rooms, $8
and $8.
MINNA, 357%. bet. Fourth and Fifth— Large
eunny room, $6.
MINNA, 434— Large sunny front room; up-
holstered furniture; for 1 or 2 men; cheap.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week: transient.
MISSION, 1051— Large front room; partly fur-
nished; running water; gas; rent reasonable.
MISSION, 1221— Sunny bay-window room, suit-
able for 2 young men; also other rooms; reaa.
MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh— Sunny single
front room, $5 per month.
MINT aye., 26 — Newly furnished large front
room; private family.
NATOMA, 282. near Fourth— 3 unfurnished
rooms; rent $6.
NATOMA, 245— Furnished rooms. 75c, $1, $1 25,
$1 £0; housekeeping rooms, $2 50 per week.
NINTH, 113— Nice sunny furnished rooms;
cheap.
OCTAVIA, 411, near Hayes— Two rooms, sunny,
neat, clean; light housekeeping If desired;
$3 50 and $4.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 230— Nice sunny suite; also sin-
gle; transient solicited.
O'FARRELL, 419, above Taylor (end of court)—
Furnished room in private family. *l".
O'FARRELL, 805— Comfortably furnished room
for gentleman; gas and bath; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 923. near Van Ness— Nicely fur-
nished sunny back room: board optional.
PINE. 514 A, n^ar Kearny— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite: $5 up.
PINE, 101S— Sunny furnished rooms; private
family: references required.
PINE, 1227—2 handsome, sunny unfurnished
rooms; with or without board.
POLK, 17— Sunny front rooms; double or sin-
gle: $1 to $3 per week.
POLK. 433— Large sunny front room: furnished;
grate; use of bath. ___
POST, 515— Sunny furnished room; reason-
able.
SEVENTH, 192 (Glrard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable: also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 229— Sunny fmnt furnished room;
cozy and comfortable; $4 50.
SHERMAN Apartment Houee. 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 125— Sunny furnished rooms, single and
double; also housekeeping rooms; very de-
sirable; rent reasonable.
SIXTH, 136— Large front room suitable for busi-
ness; also rooms $1 per week.
STEVENSON, 409. and 22 Mint ave.— Sunny-
furnished front rooms, with grate, and others;
$1 up.
STEVENSON, 733'<2. near Ninth— 2 nice sunny
light rooms; suitable for gt-ntlemen or light
housekeeping. _
SUNNY alcove and adjoining room; separate or
together; reference; private. Box 17S3,__Call.
SUTTER, 544— Elegantly furnished sunny front
suit; also other rooms.
SUTTER 1111— Comfortably furnished rooms,
single and en suite; also housekeeping terms
reasonable.
TAYLOR, 320. corner O'Farrell— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny corner suite; private; bath at-
tached. _______________
THIRTEENTH, 405. cor. Valencia— Nicely fur-
nished front room; closet; bath and tele-
phone; rent $7.
THIRTEENTH. 418%, above Valencia— Sunny
furnished room: rent $5. and one large.
TURK 127— Bright parlor for dressmaking or
office; light housekeeping; gas; new furniture.
TURK, 313— Front and back rooms, newly fur-
nished; bath and sun; $7 to $11.
TURK, 543 — Nicely furnished sunny room; gas;
bath: very desirable: $1 50 per week.
TWELFTH. 221 A —Large neat furnished bed-
room. $6; also 1 small. $5.
VALENCIA, 117—2 nicely furnished rooms;
terms reasonable. *
VALENCIA, 128, near Market— New, elegantly
furnished rooms, with or without board, in
private family.
VAN NESS aye., 302— Finely furnished suite;
other rooms: private family.
VAN NESS, 518— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas range.
VAN NESS aye., 1021—2 furnished rooms; bath;
hot and cold water; $7 and $9.
3 LARGE sunny rooms; rent $S; key at 853
Bryant st.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 334— Large sunny alcove;
other rooms; private family; board.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first-class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator:
Buite3. with board for 2, $50 month up.
HOWARD. 2606— Large light furnished room,
with family board for young man. $17.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; «x-
-cellent board: reasonable: table board.
O'FARRELL, 913. near Van Ness— Nicely fur-
nished room and board in Spanish family;
references.
PRIVATE family, having large sunny alcov»
bedroom, would board 2 gentlemen or married
couple. Call at 140S Jackeon st., bet. 9 and 1.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
COMFORTABLE, pleasant home for infant or
children; kindest care; healthy location: ref-
erences exchanged. MRS. J. BALDWIN,
Glen Ellen. Cal.
LADY wishes one or two growing children to
board; fresh cow milk. 2251 Mission st.
WOULD like couple of children to board; given
best care. 362 C Clementina st.
GOOD home for 2 children; furnished room for
parent. 51 Clara st.
ONE or two children to board In German fam-
ily; nice sunny yard. 439 Minna st.
STORES TO LET.
FINE large corner store; basement; good loca-
tion: near Mission High School. Eighteenth
and Dolores; also small one: rent very cheap.
Apply GOSSACK BROS., 102 Sixth st.
L\RGE -well lighted basement underneath Ger-
man Methodist Church: suitable for kinder-
garten school or store room. S6SB Folsom.
SEE those store* In the elegant new build! r.r
corner Valencia and Nineteenth sts. Apply-
to L. A. SOUC & CO., 465 Valencia St., near
Sixteenth.
HALF of store, with large front window; be3t
location In city. 237 Kearny at.
STORE and 4 rooms; water free. Apply en
premises, 40 Moss st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
LOST.
SMALL black terrier: lonsr. curly hair; brown
Inside legs; tail curled: mange on back. Re-
turn same to 776 Fulton St., receive a liberal
reward; call before 11 a. m. and after 6 p. m.
LOST— B pass-books with the Hlhernla Savings
and Loan Society cf San Francisco, standing
In the names as follows:
Book No. 10.040, REV. P. J. GREY.
Book No. 35.672. REV. P. J. GREY. Trustee.
Book No. 5675, MRS. T. W. BREN'NAN and
MISS ELLEN DARKEN, assigned to P. J.
GREY.
Book No. 3173. MARY E. CASEY, assigned
to P. J. GREY.
Book No. 26.762, WILLIAM B. O'CONNOR,
assigned to P. J. GREY.
Book No. 27,667. THOMAS WALSH, as-
signed to P. J. OREY.
Book No. 21,239. JULIA COSTELLO, as
signed to P. J. GREY.
Book No. 24,704, MARGARET VANSTAN,
assigned to P. J. GREY.
The finder will please return the books to
the bank or to the office of M. C. HASSETT,
Attorney at Law, Phelan building.
Dated March 4, 1899.
LOST — A black shepherd dog with white sjvt
on chest. Please return to Campi's Restaur-
ant. 531 Clay St., and receive reward.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, fl per year.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekty Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prlc«a. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25~CalTgraph, $15; Yost. J2R;
get sample- work. SCOTT, 233 Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS.
MRS. DRS. DONOVAN, 621 Hayes St.; all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs^
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence, 1021 ft Market, bet. 6th and 7U.
1314
MArtRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
William R. Saunders and Hanefa E. W00d.29-20
Samuel Berlin and Annie Wender 22-20
r>omenico Strazullo and Rosa Sampognaro.3B-2f.
Antonio L. Azevedo and Maria F. 8razi1. .29-15
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ANTHIFN— this city. February 19, 1599, to
the wife of Leopold Anthien, a son.
CAIN— In this city, March 1, 1899, to the wife
of Richard Cain, a daughter.
CARR- In this city. March 2, 1899. to the wife
of William Carr. a daughter.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. March 2. 1899, to
the wife of Joseph Cunningham, a son.
EISNER— In this city, February 27. 1899. to th*
wife of Herman Eisner, a daughter.
FLAKER— In this city, February 27, 1899. to the
wife of J. H. Flaker, a daughter.
HEANEY— In this city, February 25, 1599, to
the wlf<» of Frank G. Heaney. a son.
LONG— In Oakland, March 3, 1599, to the wife
of William Long, a son.
MeCARTY— In this city, March 4. 1899. to the
wife of John McCarty. a daughter.
MFKKS— In this city, Fabruary 2S. 1599, to the
wife of J. F. Meeks, a son.
MEYER— In this city. February 26. 1899. to the
wife of Dr. Albert Meyer, a daughter.
MILLER— In this city. February 25. 1899, to
the wife of William Miller, a eon.
MITCHELL— In West Berkeley, March 2, 1899.
to th* wife of Albert G. Mitchell, a daughter.
O'CONNELL— In this city. February 2S. 1599,
to the wife of M. W. O'Ccxnnell, a daughter.
POLMERK -In this city, March 3, 1599, to the
wife of W. H. Polmere, a daughter.
POPE— In this city. February 26. 1599, to the
wife of John Pope, a son.
SCHLOBOHM— In this city. February 19, 1899,
to the wife of C. H. Schlobohm, a son.
6CHWARZMANN— In this city, February 18,
1599, to the wife of Gustav Schwarzmann. a
daughter.
TRIMBERGER— In South San Francisco, Feb-
ruary 2S. 1599, to the wife of H. Trlmberger,
a daughter.
WALSH— In this city, March 1, 1899, to the
wife of Thomas Walsh, a son.
MARRIED.
DAVIS— MCCARTHY— Reno. Nev., Decem-
ber 15, 1898, by the Rev. Father Reynolds,
Lewis H. Davis of Watsonville and Mamie
E. McCarthy of San Francisco.
LEDDY— In this city, March 4.
1899, at Central Methodist Church, by the
Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke. Allen L.
Dowler and Lillian Leddy, both of Chicago.
GIBSON— BARKLBY- In this city, March 4, |
1599, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.,
Calvin G. Gibson and Musa E. Barkley, both
of San Francisco.
HERBST— In this city. March 4, 1899,
at Central Methodist Church, by the Rev.
Dr. Charles EJdward Locke. Walter H. Lord
and Rose M. T. Herbst. both of San Fran-
cisco.
-CHEVALIER— In this city. February
2.'. 1899, at Centra] Methodist Church, by the |
Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke. John Rees |
of Vallejo, Cal., ar.d Annie Chevalier of San
Francisco.
DIED. —
Alt, Bernard McLaughlln, John
Anderson. Fred. Matzen. Ernst H.
Bennett. Margaret L. Munroe, George
Carroll, Man' Reed. Gertrude T.
Churchill. Miranda Richmond. Willard
Coffin. Hannah Rcdgers, Mary
Doherty. Michael Rucker, James T.
Donovan. John J. Rudee. Wolf
Donovan. Margaret Russell, John
Gassmann. John B. Schultz, Louisa E.
Green. Alfred A. Schultz. Philip
Grote, Bophle Seiberlieh, Joseph F.
Hagerty, Charlie Smith. Thomas A.
Hale, John T. Summerville. Horace
Hasklns, Daniel M. Yon Haydenaber,
Healey, Mary E. Amelia
Holtum. Carrie Wagner. H. Anna
King. John Waters, Thomas
Kirchhoff. Theodor Williams. Anna E.
La March. Walter M. Wrede. Gertrude
Levy, Morris A.
LT— ln this city, March 3, 1599, Bernard, be-
loved son of Margaretha and the late Chris-
topher Alt, and brother of Mrs. T. A. Thorn-
hill, Mrs. Otille Yercevlch and Joseph Alt.
a native of Brooklyn, N. V., aged 39 years
4 months an 1 E days. A member of California
Castle No. 1. K. G. E.
INIGHTS OF THE GOLDEN EAGLE— Cali-
fornia Castle No. 1, K. G. E. Officers and
members: You are hereby notified to meet In
Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street, to-mor-
row (Monday), at 12:30 o'clock sharp, to at-
tend the* funeral of our late brother, Bernard
Alt. WILLIAM R. MILLER.
Attest: Noble Chief.
W. O. MACDOUGALL, M. of R.
ANDERSON— In this city, March 3, 1899. Fp*Q,
beloved husband of Mary Anderson, brother- |
in-law of the late Mrs. Annie Hoepner md j
Mrs. Winifred Dixon, and uncle of William,
Frnn-'i-- and Alice Hoepner, a native of Swe-
den, aged A>'< years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite! to attend the funeral this day <
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi- j
dence, ' 2itS Francisco street, thence to St. j
Francis Church, where a requiem high mass I
will be celebrated for the repose of Els soul, |
at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
BENNETT— In this city, March 4. 1899, Mar- j
gar^t L. , beloved wife of C S. Bennett, and ,
mother of Ethel and C. S. Bennett Jr., a na-
tive of Virginia City, Nev.
I^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day I
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment j
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CARROLL— In this city, March 3, ISM, Mary, j
beloved wife of John Carroll, a native of Ire-
land, aged 60 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o clock. from her late resi-
dence, 7 Blake street, off Point I>obos road,
thence to Holy Cross Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the r- ; ■-■ of her soul, commencine at 11
O'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHL'RCHILL— In this city. March 4, 1899,
Miranda Churchill, r*>loved mother of Frank
end Seth Churchill and Mrs. Clara Singer, a
native of New York, aged 66 years 6 months
and 5 days.
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
■ dence, ,32S Second avenue, between Point Lo-
bos avenue and Clement street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
'COFFIN— In this city, March 4. 1599, Hannah j
Coffin, beloved sister of James and Michael
Riordan, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged fil years 9 months and 4 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's
. Hospital, thence to the Chapel of the Pas- j
' Fion, attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the . reoose of her soul, commencing: at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOHEHTY- In Washington, D. C, March 3.
1599, Michael, beloved husband of the late
Jane Doherty, and dearly beloved father of
Mrs. Mary A. Melin (nee Shea), a native of
Dublin, Ireland, aged 65 years 1 month and 25 j
DONOVAN— In Oakland, Merch 4. 1899. Mar-
garet Donovan, beloved mother of John 8.,
Daniel H., Robert T., Margaret A., William
J. and Edward G. Donovan, a native of j
County Cork, Ireland, aged 76 years.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 613 Sixth street, thence to the Church
of the Immaculate Conception, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
DONOVAN— In this city, March 3, 1899, John
J., beloved husband of the late Julia Dono-
van, and father of John and Thomas Dono-
van, a native of London. England, . aged 6S
years 8 months and 11 days.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of James MeMenomey & Son,
1067 Mission street, near Seventh.
GASSMANN— In this city, March 4, 1899, John
Baptiste, beloved husband of Emelle Gass-
mann, and father of Eugene Gassrn:inn, Mrs.
Clclle Camozzi and Mra. Alice Doassans, a
native of France, aged 70 years 8 months and
15 days.
' (r^Nottce of funeral hereafter.
GREFN— In this city, March 3. 1899. Alfred A.
Green, father of Mrs. Samuel Shear, Mrs.
W. E. Hensley, A. T. Green and Mrs. W. J.
O'Brien, and brother of W. H. Green and
Colonel George M. Green of Mexico, a na-
tive of St. John, New Brunswick, aged 71
years and 10 days. ,
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the New Jeru-
salem Church. O'Farrell street, between
Webster and Fillmore. Interment private.
GROTE— An anniversary mass of requiem will
be celebrated In St. Mary's Church, corner
California and Dupont streets, for the soul
of Sophie Grote, to-morrow (Monday), at 9
o'clock.
HAGERTY— In Rio Vista, Solano County,
Charlie, dearly beloved husband of Minnie
Hagerty. father of Alice and Budd Hagerty,
and brother-in-law of Hannah Sullivan, a
native of Ireland, aged 47 years.
HALE— this city, March 3, 1899, John
Thomas Hale, beloved brother of the late
Joseph P. and James C. Hale. Mrs. Margaret
L. Ryan and Sister Mary Benedict Hale, and
uncle of Mrs. Josephine Boyle, a native o£
Easkey. County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 61 years
9 months and 9 days. .
' (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem mas% will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal- |
vary Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
PTJNERAX. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. :
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South it
HASKINS— In this city, March 3. 1599, Daniel
M.. beloved husband of BrMtret Haskins,
father of Philip J.. Thomas H. 3nd George J.
Haskins. and brother of Mrs. S. J. Russell of
New Bedford, Mass.. a native of Providence,
R. 1., aced 58 years and 11 months.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to- attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, I°l3 Florida street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HEALEY-In this city. March 3. 1899 Mary
X.. wife of Peter R Ilealey, and beloved
daughter of Margaret and John C. Tormey, a
native of .San Francisco, aged 27 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:13 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1463 Sacramento street, thence to ht.
Marys Cathedral. Van Ness avenue, where
a reauiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOLTUM— At her residence, Ashby station.
South Berkeley, March 4, 1899, Carrie, dearly
beloved wife of Ferdinand Hpltum, and
mother of Ferdinand Jr., Christian. Leonora
W. and Laura Holtum, a native of Norway,
aged 45 years.
EXFrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KING— In this city, March 3. 1899. John, be-
loved husband of Mary Kinu, and beloved
father of Mary, Eugene, John and Thomas
King and Mrs. C. Evers. a native of the
parish of Listowe. County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 64 years and 7 months.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 117 ' Gilbert street, between Brannan
nnd Townsend, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
nt 8 o'clock. Interment. Holy Cross Cemetery.
KIRCHHOFF— In this city. March 2. 1599,
Theodor Kirchhoff. a native of Uetersen,
Schleswig-Holsteln. Germany, aged 71 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence "809 Scott street, between Fulton and
McAllister, thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
where the remains will be cremated.
LA MARCH— In this city. March 4, 1899, Walter
M . beloved husband of Rose La March, and
father of Walter and Bertie La March, a na-
tive of New York, aged 36 years 7 months and
16 days.
LEVY— In this city, March 2. 1599, Morris A.,
beloved son of Louis and Minna Levy, and
brother of Sarah. Essie and Carrie Levy and
Mrs. Gus Bernard, a native of Pan Francisco,
aged 21 years 4 months and 17 days. A mem-
ber of Court Golden Gate No. 5, F. of A.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), from his late residence, 113."i Geary
street. Service at 10:15 o'clock. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
McLAUGHLIN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, March 4, 1899, John McLaughlln. a native
of Ireland, aged 64 years. t
MATZEN— In this city, March 1, 1899, Ernst
H., Ireland, beloved son of Catherine Matzen
"ZEN— In this city. March 1. 1899, Ernst
, dearly beloved son of Catherine Matzen
of Germany, and nephew of Captain M.
Maas. a native of Heillgenhafen, Holstein.
- Germany, aged 33 years and 6 months. A
member of San Francisco Lodge No. 1, O. d.
H. S.
tCTFrlonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth", thence to Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter
ttreet, where funeral services will be held
under the ausDices of San Francisco Lodge
No. 1, O. d. H. S., commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ROE— In this city. March 4, 1599, George
Munroe, a native of England, aged 56 years.
REED— In this city, March 3, 1599. Gertrude
T Reed, beloved mother of Thomas Reed,
and sister of Mrs. A. S. Moore. Mrs. K. M.
Sllva and Katie. Edward, Thomas. Frank and
Louis Fullum. a native of San Francisco.
C7"lnterment private, Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
RICHMOND— In Oakland. March 1. 1899, Wll-
lard P., husband of Mary H. Richmond, and
father cf Lester C. and Edna Richmond, a
native of Little Compton. R. 1., aged 42 years.
(Rhode Island papers please copy.)
P7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this flay
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
RODGERS— In this city, March 4, 1599. at St.
Mary's Hospital, Mary, beloved wife of Jo-
seph J. Rodgers, a native of New York, aged
46 years.
RUCKER— In this city, March 4. 1*99, at his
residence. 1921 Vallejo street. James T.,
dearly beloved husband of Anna Bliss Rucker.
a native of Santa Clara County, Cal., aged 36
years. ■ " : . - :
{CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
RtJDEE— March 3. 1599, Wolf, beloved husband
of Cecelia Rudee, and father of Henry, Sid-
ney. Mervyn and Alex Rudee. a native of
Rypin. Poland.
'^j- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 718 Snrader street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from corner Waller and Shrader streets.
RI'SSELL— An anniversary mass of requiem
will be celebrated in St. Mar> r 's Church, cor-
ner California and Dupont streets, to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, for the soul of John
Russell.
SCHUL.TZ— this city. March 4. 1899. Louisa
i: Schultz, beloved mother of Mrs. William
Peacock, a r.ative of Germany, aged 73 years.
BCHUI/TZ— ln this city. March 2. 1899. Philip,
beloved husband of Catherine Schultz. and
father of Carrie, Mabel, Maud and Edna
t-chultz and Mrs. Rose Remington, a native
of Germany, atred 61 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 28SS Sixteenth street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
SEIBERLICH— In this city, March 3. 1899. Jo-
seph Francis, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
Magdalena and the late Ignatius Seiberlich,
and beloved brother of Louis. Frank. Annie,
William and Acnes Seiberlich and Mrs. M.
Delwlsch. a native of San Francisco, aged 34
years and 14 days. A member of St. Peter's
Verein.
Friends and acquaintances are resppct-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from the residence
Of his mother, 63!' Dolores street, between
Nineteenth and Twentieth, thence to St.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SMITH— In Alameda, March 2. 1899. Thomas
A. Smith, a native of Georgia, aged 63 years
10 months and 25 days.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), nt 12:45 o'clock, from Christ's
Episcopal Church, Grand street. Interment
private. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
SUMMERVILLE— In this city, March 3. 1899,
at his residence. 413 Tehama street. Horace,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Summerville,
a native of Virginia, aged 59 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Central M. E.
Church. Mission street, near Sixth. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the
mortuary cha»el of the Golden Gate Un-
rtemkinc Company. 2425 Mission street, near
Twenty-first.
YON HEYDENABER— In this city. March 4.
1599, Amelia yon Heydenaber, a native of
Germany, aged 68 years.
WAGNER— this city, March S, 1599, H.
Anna, beloved wife of David Waerner, and
mother of Laura R. and Clyde R. Wagner, a
native of Ohio, aged 58 years.
ITT'The funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence, 421 Oak street. Interment pri-
vate.
WATERS— In this city, March 3. 1899, Thomas,
beloved husband of Hannah Waters, father
of John, Eileen, William and Josephine
Waters, and brother of Mrs. Eugene O'Neil,
a native of Limerick.
EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 16 Freelon street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his sout. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
T. M. I.— Pioneer Council No. 1. Y. M. I.'.
The members of this council will assemble at
the late residence of our deceased brother,
Thomas Waters, 16 Freelon street, this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral. Fines for non-attendance.
S. L. SULLIVAN. President. .
J. J. BORDEN, Secretary. j
WILLIAMS— In Alameda, March 4, 1899, at 3260
Central avenue, Anna Eliza Williams, sister
of Susan C. and S. Ella Williams, a native of
Boston. Mass.
WREDE— In this city, March 5, 1899. Gertrude,
dearly beloved mother of Thomas Wrede, and
sister .of Mrs. Jennie Moore. Mrs. M. Silva
and Edward, Thomas, Frank. Louis and
Kate Fullum. a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years.
r The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1112/* Harrison Btreet. Interment pri-
vate.
MR. and MRS. ELLIOTT, 622 Taylor street,
thank all their friends for their sympathy
and kindness during the serious Illness .of
their son. FrankA. Lohfink.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 4.— Clearances, *168,
--402; balances, $35,944.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 4. —In Wheat to-day
there was some spirited bidding to meet ton
nage enßaßements. Walla Walla, 69960 c; val
ley and blue stem, 61W62C.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., March 4— WHEAT— CIub,
5SVic; blue stem, 81V4®62%C.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. March 4.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 24 noun from Eureka.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson, 26 hours from
Eureka.
Hr ship Cedarbank, Robbinp, 184 days from
Dundee via South Shields 167 days.
Sihr J. M. AVeatherwax, Sorenson, 44 days
from Salaverry.
Schr John, Hellquist, 3M: days from Eureka.
SAILED.
Saturday, March 4.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, ■
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr Luella, Miller, Crescent City.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 4, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind northwest; velocity 8 miles per
hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived March 4— Stmr Hu
eneme, from Eureka.
VENTURA— SaiIed March 4— Schr Fanny
Dutard, for Blakeley.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed March 4— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 28— Stmr Empire,
hence Feb 26. March I— Stmr Arcata, hence
Feb 27.
Bar bound March 4 — Stmrs Empire and Ar
cata. for San Francisco.
IVERSENS LANDING— SaiIed March 4— Schr
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived March 4— Stmr North
Fork, hence March 3.
Sailed March 4 — Stmr Pasadena, for San
Feiiru: schr Fortuna. for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed March 4— Schr Web
foot, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived March 4— Bark Harry
Morse, from Honolulu.
Sailed March 4— Stmr State of California, for
San Francisco; schr James A Garfleld, for San
Francisco. ________________
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J O Schacke, Ohio Mrs J Boyd,
I. W Satterlee, Wash G P Brlech,
Mrs L W Satterlee, J J Burley,
• Tacoma ' Miss Burley,
Mrs M J Rosenstock, iR H Claussen,
Omaha i Mrs R H Claussen,
F L Deming, Chicago |1> Dumont,
J C Clam, Chicago Mrs D Dumont,
I)r J W Stitt. Cal jMrs P H Edmonston,
A X Kenyon. N V 'Miss G Edmonston,
T M Alexander. Wia Q W Edmonston,
Mrs T M Alexander, |C W Edmonds,
Milwaukee F D Edmonds,
Mrs J W Cameron, Wis Miss A W Edmonds,
J H Stedman. Boston C W Finch,
A Koullier. Cal .Mrs C W Finch,
F P Fitzgerald, Cal [Miss A Gates.
W Peyton. Sta Cruz Mrs A M Norton,
C P Cutten, Palo Alto!J A Hall
X \V Lancaster. Cal jF E Platt,
E W Roper. NY 'j H Holleran,
Mrs E W Roper. N V Mrs J H Holleran,
I. S Miohelson, NY CM Hidden,
Miss E Thompson, T R Helb,
Seattle I Mr? T R Helb,
Mrs L Graham, Wash ! W Herron.
11 R Noyes. St Paul I Mrs, W Herron,
Mrs I> H Noyes. Minn'C W Holmes,
G H Ten Brock, Mo I Mrs C W Holmes,
Mrs M A Fitch. MassJE S Hyland,
E P Rhodes, Pa Mrs E S Hyland,
R P Rhodes. Pa H M Jones,
H White, London Mrs II M Jones,
H F Wetlman, H I iP J Klstler,
M L AVilliams. Mo ;H Krug,
Mrs M L Williams, Miss Beatty,
X V r }• Rutledge,
W D Sewell, N V Miss M X Hartine,
Mrs W D Sewell, N V Mrs M H Lohmeyer,
C B Brettyman. Pa Miss S Miller,
Mrs C B Brettyman, Miss A L McEldownejr
Pa Mrs A M Brictel,
T Graeme, Pa J McMillan.
Mrs T Graeme, Pa Mrs J McMillan,
J Sampsnn, Shanghai O P Miller Jr.
Miss L Leddy, Chgo IE D Murphy,
J M Meifthan, Boston Mrs X I> Murphy,
H Godey. Philadelphia (' Parikn.
Mrs H Godey. Pa Mrs C Parkin,
W P Worth. Pa J H Perkins,
Mrs W I' Worth. Pa Mrs J H Perkins,
i ' M Flckert, Cal A R Rice,
W F Wllkens. Neb- Mrs A R Rice,
Mrs W F Wilkens, S Rowland.
Neb Mrs S Rowland,
J Hparks. Nev . E Russ,
E S Vance.* Oakland ( - T Packett.
J Lewis, f'al Mrs W Schloss,
Mrs c Baird. • Miss L C Smith &mal<J
J Boyd. M Stein,
Mrs E Ptoaterbury, Mrs M Stein,
Mrs F Wilson, Miss R Stein,
Mrs M F Wood, Miss S Edler,
J S Murphy, Miss E P Tapley,
Raymond & Whitcomb I Miss E W Tapley,
Excursionists
GRAND HOTEL.
F Brannlsan. Wash Mrs A Currie, N V
\ ISr.-mnifcan, Wash l> McKay, Sacto
I I Allenbach. Reno J Priest, Mont
I Garret. Dcs Molnes W C Ward. S Rosa
M Jones, Grass Val Miss Gray, Alameda
[, D Ja<ks, S Rosa 2 A Stone, Spokane
J R Miller & w. Cal. S <"arni^-& w, S Jose
J H CoutaJenc, Cal A J MoiSe. Mojave
J E Mauer, Omaha. E Ogden, Menlo Park
1' R Worth. Anata H A Hilborn, Sacto
VI Carter. Irvinpton N' Garrigan. Sacto
rapt Coorkill, SSlndia R Pratt, t'fil
F Lilipman, Berkeley H Demmlck. Vallejo
It Railly. Berkeley >O Williams. Cloverdale
? Edde Berkeley |J Seawell, Vkiah
I H Mansfield. Chlco C X Woodruff, N V
F Leith. Sacto T Gil K er, S Paula
j Anderson, Alameda .1- Break & f, London
J A Black, Chicago II McComas. X Jose
r J Scott. Cal P Davis, La Grange
V D Phipps. <"al E F Cadle, Stockton
A May in-, Mont E F Sanhorn, Omoha
XX Smith & w. Chicago F H Prior. N V
I W Cook, S L Obispo |J P Massey. Denver
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
U C Baclgrer, Bolinas iW R Minter. Fresno
F Shrewsbury, Sanao Z R Slatterbach &. w,
F Shrewsbury, Cal Santa Rosa
W E Elliott, Kio Vista M Davis, Visalla
J Kilraln, Husrnn N M Anderson, Cal
T M Forrest, Chicago H Maguire. N V
J H Brundage, Suisun J N Galnes, N V
.1 J Connolly, Vallejo J F Ross, Lns Ang
W E Derry, San Jose IM Peterson. Cal
J Cameron, Sacto T Rilley, Seattle
M Baxter, Visalia
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Contract for Building Officers' Quar
ters at Mare Island Secured by
a San Francisco Firm.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— Bids for
officers' quarters at Mare Island navy
yard were opened at the bureau of yards
and docks, Navy Department, this morn
ing. Sinnott & McCann of San Francisco
were the lowest at $100,147. Other bidders
Were the following: Peacock & Halllday,
San Fnincisco, $137,562; Campbell & Pet
tus, San Francisco, $117,400; W. L. Brooks,
San Francoisco. $104,859; Dennis Jordan,
San Francisco, (125,000; W. W. Anderson.
San Francisco, $121,953; W. J. Veiteh &
Brother, Oakland, $124,774; California
Bridge and Construction Company. $113,
--937; Carnahan & McDonald, $106,460; Phil
Sheridan, Oakland, $122,748. The amount
available for the construction of these
quarters is $107,500. Sinnott & McCann
will be awarded the" contract.
The following men will, after their re
enlistment in the Hospital Corps at Fort
Sheridan, ni., be sent to San Francisco,
and upon arrival will report to the com
manding general. Department of Califor
nia, who will forward them by United
States transports to the Philippine Isl
ands: Acting Hospital Steward George C.
Van Sickle, Privates Harry Levensohn,
Earl L. Lucas, Paul H. Wall, John B.
.McElroy, Edward A. Malle, George E.
Parisoe, Frederick L. Rea, Quincy K.
Smith, John J. Sullivan and Charles O.
Simmerman.
The following enlisted men of the Hos
pital Corps, now at the United States
General Hospital, Presidio of San Fran
cisco, will be discharged the service of the
United States by the commanding officer
of their station: Privates Frederick A.
Lambaugh, Ora Platt, Anton Larsen,
Isaac N. Ryer, Walter G. Walrad, Henry
W. Wiebeke, Theodore T. Dowdall, Mi
chael Fitzgerald, Edmund T." Johnson,
Paul W. C. Stoeckle. Ossian J. Wallen
berg and Emil Wendt. After their re
enlistment in the Hospital Corps at the
Presidio they will be sent to the Philip
pine Islands.
The following transfers have been
made: Commissary Sergeant Charles
Barler, now at Jefferson barracks. Mo.,
to Manila; Commissary Sergeant Charles
H. Brooke, now at Presidio of San Fran
cisco, to Manila.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Herman V. Wer
thern, San Francisco. $8 50; Felix G. Mc
('lrlhmd. Woodhridge, $6; William H.
Coker, Sacramento, $12. Increase — James
Angus, Bakersfleld, $17 to $30; Henry M.
Haney, Cloverdale, $17 to $30. Reissue—
l>r. Isaac W. Smith. Janesville, $12. Origi
nal widow, etc.— Mary A. Biggs, Azusa,
$12.
Washington: Original— Henderson R.
Canter, Montesano, $6. Original widow,
etc.— Elizabeth Scott, Deep Creek Falls,
$8. .
LOSES BOTH OF HIS EYES.
Bloomfield Resident the Victim of a
Horribxe Accident.
SANTA ROSA, March 4.— D. Zanolinl
of Bloomfield, while trying to remove
the wads from the barrel of a gun, pro
ceeded to burn the wads out, with the re
sult that a charge of powder, which was
in the barrel unknown to Zanolini, ex
ploded while he was looking down the
barrel. He lost the sight of both eyes,
which wrre removed from their sockets
last night.
Bid for the Big Fight.
NEW YORK. March 4— W. B. Gray,
manager for the Westchester Athletic
Club, to-day deposited $500 with Dave Hol
land of this city in support of the club's
offer of 115.000 for the Fltzsimmons-Jef
fries fisht. with the condition that George
Si lor be referee
GOLD FOUND ON
TAHKIN CREEK
Large Field Opened to
Miners.
PROSPECTOR'S RICH STRIKE
PORCUPINE DISTRICT ANOTHER
KLONDIKE.
Excitement at Juneau Over the Lat
est Discovery Made on the
American Side of
the Line.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Feb. 22.— A new
strike in the Porcupine district has ex
cited people here. P. N. McGuire came
down from the Tah-kin two days ago
with about $4 worth of coarse gold in
a bottle. McGuire is the man who
found a fair prospect on a bar of the
Taku River, along which runs the trail
of the same name, last summer. The
prospect on the Tahkin is so much bet
ter, considering first results, that Mc-
Guire will abandon the Taku, for the
time being at least, and stick to the
Tahkin. This creek flows into the
Chilkat r" at twelve 'miles from
Haines Mission, on the left-hand side
of the river.
McGuire dug a hole in the snow, cut
wood, thawed the ground, and-, with
snow melted into water, claims to have
taken out of the hole, within two feet
of the surface, the $4 in dust in a day
and a half. This was a most laborious
and tedious process. Under ordinary
circumstances the returns ought to be
ten or twelve times that amount, that
is, with the snow off and with a sluice
box and plenty of water to work with.
McGuire exhibited the gold in the
Franklin Hotel. There were several
men in his party and all told the same
story. He lives on Douglas Island,
where he worked in the Treadwell mine
for a while and is considered a reliable
man.
If this gold came from a single pros
pect hole sunk only a short distance
below the surface it is a most extraor
dinary find. Proportionately it is the
richest yet struck in the entire Chilkiit
or Porcupine country. The Tahkin is |
not properly in the Porcupine district.
It is only a few hours' travel up the
Chilkat or Dalton trail. Every foot of
ground in the creek has been staked.
A rush followed the discovery. Scores
of men are tramping over the snow in
that region, looking for other creeks,
and from the nature of reports ever
since the original Porcupine was first i
staked they will in all probability be j
found. Many miners can b<_- found who i
say the Chilkat country is going to
prove to be the best placer mining
country and camp yet found in Alaska, j
Nobody expects it will be as rich in
spots as the Klondike creeks, but the
dust seems to be there in paying quan
tities, spread over a country the goM
bearing area of which is not yet known.
Haines Mission has already grown
from a village in short skirts into a
flourishing maindenhood. Bunkhouses
and restaurants are springing up on
every hand. Stores and saloons are ap
pearing along the trail. There are two
to three steamboats each way daily
from Juneau and Hkaguay, and already
there is a law suit over the townsite.
At the present rate of growth in three
or four weeks the place will look less \
like a missionary post than anything in
Alaska. The whole country back of it,
except beyond the divide, is in Ameri- |
can territory, in Alaska proper, and
claims are 1500 feet square, or about
twenty acres in area. Consequently if
there is any gold in the ground at all
there ought to be a comfortable sum
in a twenty-acre gravel field.
E. P. Cronin, a Black Hills miner of
the '76 rush, who has Just returned here
from Porcupine, says:
"It is undoubtedly the mining camp
of Alaska. I prospected several creeks
east of Porcupine and found gold in
every one of them. The best
prospects I found were on
Trail Creek, a tributary of the
Tahkin. Repeated pannings on the
surface gave an average of from 6 to 8
cents to the pan, and at a depth of
three feet as high as 25 cents was
panned out. From five to fifteen colors
to the pan were found in the gravel
bar at the mouth of the Tahkin. and
this bar is about forty feet deep. There
may be some trouble from water there.
Ahkuk Creek, a tributary of Chilkat
Lake, also prospects well. Other creeks
in this locality, I have been told, show
up as well/]
NEW DIRECTORS HAVE
NO LEGAL STANDING
Union Savings Bank Management
Awaits Confirmation by the
Court.
BAN JOSE, March 4.— The Union Sav
ings Bank directorate, as now constituted,
has discovered it has no legal standing,
and will hold no more meetings until the
members shall have been appointed and
confirmed by the court. This afternoon
the directors invited Attorney General
Ford to confer with them on Monday aft
ernoon in regard to bank affairs. At that
time It is proposed to have the Superior
Court recognize the board as now reor
ganized.
Nothing has been done yet to give the
depositors representation in the directory.
F. W. Potter was to have been elected as
their representative, but a question has
arisen as to whether stock can now be
transferred to him. Tt is said that even
those who have been selected for the new
board may be ignored by the court and
that other names will be put forward for
directors. .-■*.•_.«
The ownership of the fruit in the Soro
sis Company warehouse was discussed to
day. Both Howard and the Sorosis people
claim some $30,000 worth of dried fruit. It
is being disposed of by the company, but
the bank has decided to take no steps to
stop this, as the corporation is responsible
for such sum.
There is a lively fight on for the receiv
ership of the bank, P. P. Austin. T. F.
Morrison and about a half-dozen being in
the race. _.
Statue to De Laveaga.
SANTA CRUZ, March 4.— lt is proposed
to erect a statue of J. V. de Laveaga at
the entrance of Laveaga Park, the cost
to be defrayed by popular subscription.
Laveaga bequeathed a large tract of land
to the city and county f»r a public park.
It Is a portion of this park which the Leg
islature has just accepted for National
Guard encampment purposes.
Will Be Santa Cruz Guests.
SANTA CRUZ, March 4.— The Epworth
League of this city is making arrange
ments for the district, convention on April
14 to 16. About 250 delegates are expected.
The programme will include drives, open
air meetings and "round tables," presided
over by Rev. W. W. Case.
To Convey Herschell's Remains.
BERMUDA. March 4.— The British
cruiser Talbot has sailed for New York.
She is ordered to convey the remains of
Lord Herschell from there to Ports
mouth.
OFFERS AMNESTY
TO THE REBELS
Proclamation Issued by
President Aifaro.
INDUCEMENT TO GIVE UP
THOSE WHO DO NOT LAY DOWN
ARMS TO BE OUTLAWED.
Vigorous Attempt to End the Latest
Insurrection in Ecuador by
Making Promises and
Threats.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISS9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA, Colombia, March 4.— The
Herald's correspondent in Quito tele
graphs that President Aifaro of Ecua
dor has issued a proclamation granting
amnesty to rebels who shall lay down
their arms within thirty days. Those
not complying with this proclamation
will be regarded as outlaws and ene
mies of the Government, and will be
treated as such. Amnesty is not to
include leaders, chiefs and officers of
the rebellion.
The Government offers $6 for each
Mannlicher rifle surrendered and for
each rifle of other patterns.
News has reached Quito that Gen
eral Arellano, commander of the Gov
ernment forces in the north, has made
a triumphant entry into Tulcan. the
rebel stronghold. His troops marched
in and were greeted with enthusiasm
by the people, who turned out en
masse.
I learn on good authority that Vice
President Billinghurst of Peru has been
chosen to go to Ecuador on a special
diplomatic mission of a delicate nature.
Since tho retirement of Senor Enriaue
Bustamente Salazar from the Peruvian
legation at Quito his country has been
represented only by Senor Augustin
Blanco Azcona, Charge d'Affaires. Re
lations between the countries has been
somewhat strained, owing, I am in
formed, to the connivance of the au
thorities of Piura, Peru, in repeated
invasions of Ecuador by Ecuadorian
rebels from that department.
SCHOOL BOYS DISGUISED
IN GIRLS' CLOTH'NG
Eight Youngsters View an Exciting
Game of Basket Ball at
Stockton.
STOCKTON, March The Berkeley
"co-eds" to-day defeated the team of the
Stockton High School- in a game of j
basket ball by a score of 12 to 0. i
The game was played in the pavilion here.
The Berkeley girls made eight points in
the first half of the game and four in the
second half. The Stockton team did not
make a point, but played a good game,
so the visitors say. A large audience of
women filled the galleries, and eight
school boys disguised in girls' clothing
were in the crowd of spectators. After .the
game the home team entertained the vis
itors at a banquet, and the Berkeley girls
took the steamer in the evening for their
homes.
«,
San Miguel Bank Suspends.
PAX MIGUEL, March 4.— The bank at
San MJgruel, the only banking institution
at this place, has been discontinued and
its business transferred to the CMtizens'
Bank of Paso Robles. The bank was es
tablished in 1595 as an agency of the,
Citizens' Bank and has made money, but
I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rupture Was Cured
Five Years Ago the Experiment
Was Tried.
No Doubt But What the Cure Is
Permanent.
In the early part of isr>3 J. D. Thompson of
Cnstorlanrl. X. V.. was attracted by the news-
paper announcement that Dr. W. S. Rice of
418 T. Main St., Adams, N. V., had perfected a
MR. J. P. THOMPSON.
new and marvelous cure for rupture. Mr.
Thompson had a rupture that the various kinds
of trusses on the market wouldn't hold, so he
communicated with Dr. Rice and began treat-
ment immediately. He wa.>s cured so completely
as to upset all former theories regarding the
treatment of ninture and for the past five
years has been as sound as a dollar. This fact
is worthy of publication since there are thou-
sands of sufferers who honestly believe they
cannot be cured. Write to Dr. Rice and he will
send you free a book that describes this grand
treatment,
It is a home cure at small cost, painless,
harmless, without operation or loss of an hour
from work. It cures man, woman or child,
and no matter how bad the rupture may be the
cure is quick, complete and permanent. If you
are ruptured do not neglect this notice of the
Rice rr.ethnd of cure. It is the recording of
facts like the above that make our newspapers
of such value to us. Write at once for Dr.
Rice's book, and if you know of any one else
who is ruptured it will be an act of kindness to
see that they also learn about the marvelous
Dr. Rice system. Write to-day.
RADWAVS'S BEADY RELIKF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years aii
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
lor Malaria and all Bowtl Palna. All drucgista.
owing to the drought last year and the
uncertainty of the season this year, the
management considered this action ad
visable as a matter of economy.
Oil Company Organized.
SAN MIGUEL. March 4.— The Turkey
Flat Oil Company of Partfleld has been
formed here by James T. Preston, J. W.
Azbell. L. M. and D. E. Methever, W. P.
Courter A. B. Dodson, Edith ML Bayer
and B. I. Corey. The company was or
ganized with a nominal capital to acquire
oil and mineral lands and has recently
Placed on record in Monterey County a
mining claim to 160 acres of land at Tur
key Flat, near Partfield.
Crops Still Looking Well.
SAN MIGUEL. March 4.— Though no
rain has fallen in this section since Feb
ruary 3. with only .26 of an inch on that
date and a total for the season up to that
time of 3.85 inches, the early sown and
much of the later sown grain is looking
unusually well, and with rains during this
month a" good crop can be expected, i eed
is getting scarce again and causing farm
ers considerable apprehension. Ihe
weather is clear, with no indications ot
immediate rain.
Probably Incendiary Fire.
TULARE. March 4.— The farm residence
of Jeff Janes on Tule River in Southern
Tulare County was burned this morning
at 2 o'clock. It was a magnificent build
ing and one of the best in the county. It
was valued at $6000. Nothing was saved.
The insurance is $3000. The fire is sup
posed to have been of incendiary origin.
It started in the dining room, in which
there had been no fire the previous day.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
PECULIAR POISONS.
GENERATED IN THE HUMAN BODY.
The Result of Imperfect Digestion of
Fooi.
Every living thing, plant or animal, con-
tains within itself the germs of certain
decay and death.
In the human body these germs of
death (called by scientists Ptomaines) are
usually the result of imperfect digestion
of food, the result of indigestion or dys-
pepsia. ;-/■,■• -i
The stomach, from abuse, weakens,
does not promptly and thoroughly digest
the food. The result is a heavy, sodden
mass, which ferments (the first process of
decay), poisoning the blood, making it
thin, weak and lacking in red corpus-
cles, poisoning the brain, causing head-
aches, pain in the eyes.
Bad digestion weakens the heart, caus-
ing palpitation and finally bringing on
disease of this very important organ.
Poor digestion poisons the kidneys,
causing Bright's disease and diabetes.
And this is so because every organ,
every nerve, depends upon the stomach
alone for nourishment and renewal, and
weak digestion shows itself not only in
loss of appetite and flesh, but in weak
nerves and muddy complexion.
The great English scientist, Huxley,
said the best start in life is a sound
stomach. Weak stomachs fail to digest
food properly, because they lack the
proper quantity of digestive acids (lactic
and hydrochloric), and peptogenic prod-
ucts. The most sensible remedy in all
cases of indigestion is to take after each
meal one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, because they supply in a pleas-
ant, harmless form all the elements that
weak stomachs lack.
The regular use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will cure any form of stomach
trouble except cancer of the stomach.
They increase flesh, insure pure blood,
strong nerves, bright eyes and clear com-
plexion, because all these result only from
wholesome food well digested.
Nearly all druggists sell Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets at 50 cents full-sized
packages, or by'mail by inclosing price to
Stuart Company, Marshall, Mich., but ask
your drupjrist first. A little book on stom- i
ach diseases mailed free. Address Stuart
Company. Marshall, Mich.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
CALIFOINIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LjBSSEEI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
B AN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:BO. 9:00, J1:00 a. m. ; 1»:O.
S:3O, 6:10, 6:SO p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturday*— trips at 1:M
and 11:80 p. m.
•UNDAT9— 9:80, 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. 8:1*,
6:00. 6:20 p. n». -
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
VTEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 11:48.
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
BtJNDAYS-a:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. X4O.
5:00 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schaetaen Park ;
■arne schedule a» above. j
i Leare Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Franclso*
,_ . ■ October 16, — — — —^~
Week ! Sun- 18»8. Sun- i Week I
Day^. * Days. Destination. days. I day*.
7-80 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:26 am
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:85 pm 6:22 pia
Fulton, •
f tSO am * Windsor. 10:15 mm
Bealdsburg,
Lytton,
Oeyoerrtll*.
■:80 pm 1:00 am Clorerdale. 7:88 pm l:Mpa
Hopland and
T:SO am Uklah. 7:86 pm 6:11 pm
T:JO atn 10:» am
8:00 am Onmeyrllle. 7:86 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pm
740 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:10 am
and ■ •.;• : '•
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:33 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
j:3O pm 8:00 pmi 7:35 pm »:28 pm
Btag-es oonnect at Santa Rcaa (of Mark. West \
•prlnjrs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs ; at Ooy- !
aervllle for Skaggrs Springs; at Cloverdale toe
xhe Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springe. i
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport ar.d Bartiett I
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lane*. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter '
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, ■
John Day's, Riverside, Lterley's, Bucknoll's, i
Banhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr*« |
Hot Springs. Mendooino City, Fort Brags;.
We^tport. usal. Wlllitts. Laytonvllle, Cum- i
going's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,
ficctla and Eureka. -'• -:■--«
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at :
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets t* all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices,. 660 Market «t.. Chronicle bldg,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
jQeneral Manager. Oca. Pass Agent.
A Superb Train
4jgfmßfs|> EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR :
'^-Unfon Pacific. 1
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT_CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRART CARS
WITH PARBES SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE)
ONLY 3% DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at < p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Ajtent.
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via SaoaaUto "'•rry.)
' Leave San Francisco. eoaußencla* Sunday
Bejpt. 11. 1898: T '
Week Days— a. m., I:4* p. to.
Sundays— 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. l:li 9. m.---
Round trip from Mill '/alley, tt.
TBOB. COOK A SOW AgenU. C2l MiH»t
■twot. Saa Francisco ...
sssssSs^sßSilGß
CAN BE
Permanently Cured,
If you suffer from Epilepsy, Fita.
Spasms, Spells, Falling Sickness, St.
Vitus' Dance, etc., have children, rela-
tives, friends or neighbors that do so.
or know people that are afflicted, my
| New Discovery. Epilepticide, will PER-
MANENTLY CURE them, and all you
are asked to do is to send for a FREE
bottle and try it. It has CURED thou-
sands where everything else failed.
My 90 page Illustrated Book, "Epi-
| lepsy Permanently Cured," FREE.
When writing please mention The Call,
give name. AGE and full address. All
correspondence professionally confiden-
tial.
W. H. MAY, M. D.,
May Laboratory. 94 Pine Street, New
York City.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
lOCTHRRN I'At'IFIC CO3IPAKT.
(fACiriC BVBTKM.)
fralu i«»e i.iul »r« <Im« to itrrlw- ••
MA.fi rUAKtJIM*!©.
(Main Line. Foot of Market gtreel)
UATB Z From Deo. 18. 1398. — ak»it»
•0:OOa Nflee. 8»u Jose and Way Stations... •8:43*
7tO©A Beiiicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 0:43*
•S i«»a MarjßTille, OrofiUo and Redding tU
Woodlnud Oi4B»
1-OOk Elmlra, VacaTllle and Runisey 8:43*
ia« Martinez, Sau Kanion, Vsllejo. Napa, <>■
OaliatogattndSftnW Rosa. 6:1 5p
M:OOa AtUuti, Kxpress. Ogden and TCast.. 8t43»
»iKOa Sau Jose. LlTermore, Stocktoii.
lone bacrmiueutu, Plaoerrllie,
MaryßTlllo, Chico, He<l JMutr 4i13»
SiSOa "Mikon, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4il3p
•IOOA Martinez, Trmcy, Latbrop, Stockton.
Merced irnd Kreano 12j13#
•r«M»A Fre»i>o, Uaiersfiel.i. "Santa Hnrhara,
Urn Acgelee, Deming, El P»ao,
New Orleans and Ea»t 8:43 »
lOsOOa Vallejo, Martliez and Way Stations 7:43#
IlltOVx 2fU»«, Llvermore, Stockton, Baera-
mento, Mendpta. Hanford, VUalla,
Porterrille 4ilf»>
•l«OOr Sacramento Itlver Bte»meni "8:00 r
4iO»i- Martinez, Ban lUuion, VaHeJo,
Napa, C'allatogK. Hunt-ii Hosa DilS*
4>oOr Benicia, VacaTille, Hacramento, I
Wo<»!laud, Knights Landing,
MarysTille, Orovllle... 10:43*
4:3OFNilea, Ban Jose and Stockton 7«15»
0:oOi-fcan Francisco and Los Angeles
limited Fresno, Bakersfield, Los
Anseles • 9'.4Zk
S:SOr Stockton, Metce<l, Freeiio 18sl5f
tiUOp Martinez, Traoy, Jfendota, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa iTiirbara and J.Ol
Angeles ■'"*
f6:OOF Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and Sast g9:45Ji
•iß»r flauta re Itou.c. iuuik ..aiuoss
for Mojare an<l Kaat ii:4*r
OiOOp Kiirdpoaii Mall, Ogileu and Katt.... n:»->i
OsOUr Haywards, Niles and Han Jose -:iX\
•fliOOr Vallejo 12:13?
t7iOOr Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J0:4.1F
•i«Or Oregon Kiifrmia, Sacramento. Marys-
»lilt.. Itr.l.llii(t, rorUan.l, l'nget
Hound and Ka«t Bil3*
«l»iOsr Sonset Limited. Fresno, I.os .
Angnies, El Pano, New Orleans
andEant 61:43>
; ' BAS JiKAM»I«I AMI lIWW.4KON I,OCII<.
(Foot of Market Street.)
" ~~S Molro"«e, Sciiilnary lark, ?
SiOOa Kitclibar^, Klniliurst, A:«3a
(ViOQa f»an lioaiKlro. South Saa t*Si4s«
lO.OOa Jjeamlro. K»tnill!lo, 1«:I3a
<11:OOa ■ Lorenro, Cherry • a =* 3p
»t*Op nn<J [*'***
5««»i" llayw.rds. <s'"»
7i«op | nun , throusli to Nllss. 7U3
) t From Niles. I.
" (OAST DIVISION (Narrow (innfre). "*
• (Foot of Market Street.) _
' SilSa Newark, Centerrille.San Joee.Felton,
Boulder Creek, 3anta Oruz and Waj
Btationit. '■••• BiB«s>
•«ilSp Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almadexj. Felton, Boulder Creek,
gaata Cruz and Principal Way i .
Station* •I0:»»4
4:1 Newark, Saa Jose and Los Gatos... 9:20 a
tl 1:4. Hunters' Eiourslon, San Jose and
Way Stations t'& 9 »
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrsmSlH FRiHCISCO — or Market Strtit (Slip 8)—
•7:18 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:03 t3:00
•i:00 $8:00 *6:oor.ii.
rr»mOilU»D—f»«t»f Broadway .—"6:oo 8:00 10:004.11.
tl2:00 •1:00 t2:00 *3:00 ti:CO '5:00 p.m.
COAST IHYISiON (Broad «Aii(re). ~~
(Third itnd Townsend Sts.)
7:00 a San Jose a.,.1 Way .Stations (New """
Alinaden Wednesdays only) li»O»
•iO«a Ran Joie. Tres I'luo.i, Suntii Crux.
Paclllc UniTo. Paao Unbles. San
I.uls Oblstio, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way StiUions 4iI0»
I»i4Oa Sau .lon. and Way Stations »BiOOa
11:30 a San J<«e and Way Stations Bi39A
•Si4oi> San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San -lone,
Gllroy. HoUlster. Saiita Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
drote MOiSBa
•SiSOp San Jose and Way Stations *0:OO«,
•4ilsr San.Toseand Principal Way Stations 9:43 a,
•3:OOr San Jose and Principal Way Stations . 6:33 a
3:8 Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:30p
6:30p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30r
t11:45p San Jose aud Way Stations..- 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Runria;* eicepted. t Sundays only. * Saturdays only
•[Mondays and Thursdays. aTuesdays and Saturday*.
(Saturdays and Wednesdays. bThnrsdnrs and Sun lar
California
. Limited
Santa fe Route
Connectingr Owl Train Leaves Sai>
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUESi
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chlcasro at 9:52 A. M. thai
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Obi
eervatlon Car and Elaotrta
Lighted Sieging Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dall*
- Overland Express. • ■..--.
SAM FRANCiSCa TICKfIfTICE— MARKET SI
TELEPHONE MAIN 16JL
O&kland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street. :^%
Ban Jose Offioe— West SanU Olara Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Yin Sausalito Fer«-v.
FROM SAN B'RANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEt
'■ AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O, »9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; *I:4S.
«:4S, B:1B. •6:00, 6:30 p. m. . ->
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
oayB. Wednesdays and Saturdays at ll:S0 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:00, •10:00. »11:39 a. m.; n:M»
8:00. »4:30. 6:15 p. m. ,
Trains marked •■run to San Quefktln.
PROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »6:35. 7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20. «J:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. <*::••'.-%.•:
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. *S:00. *10:00. ni:ss a. m.;
•1:16, »3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • starts from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS- 5:45 fi:4s. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
12:35. 2:45. 3:r.0. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on * Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
• BUNDAYS-S:00. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:C6. 1:20, 3.29.
1:00. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:10 a. m. week days— Cazadero and war sta'nm.
1:46 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and wa*
stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way ata
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAH JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. 1599. trains will run as followa*
South-bound. North-bound, i
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
-1 ger. 1 Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
. Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally. 1
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm'
8:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pnu
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fi-eano 9:30 am 2:42 pnv
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pra
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 ami
11:69 am 6:2.'. pm ' Vlealla 6:40 ami 1:22 pm.
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am. 1:05 pm,
■ Stopping at Intermediate points as regulred. '
For particulars of stage and other connection^
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Marks!ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
DR. WOOLSEY
MAKES GRAVE
ALLEGATIONS
He Says Photographs
Were "Doctored."
LILLIAN BRANDES' INJURIES
E. R. JACKSON, THE ARTIST,
RESENTS THE CHARGES.
Defendant's Expert in Brandes Mur
der Trial Clings to the Theory
of Post Mortem
Marks.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
■•roadway. March 4.
Dr. E. H. Woolsey, chief medical ex
pert for the defense in Brandes' murder
sensation at the District
office this afternoon by charg
ing in an offhand manner that the photo
graphs showing the marks, Sruises and
discoloration s on Lillian Brandes' body, j
i xhiblted before the jury, had been doc- j
tared in retouching.
The remark was promptly resented by !
E. R. Jackson, the official photographer,
with District Attorney Allen, his
deputy, Harry Melvln, and J. E. :
Bennett, one of tht- attorneys for t
was pr< sent at the time. Jackson
tie very indignant uver the Imputa
nnd his reply to the aged doctor
1 the latter to leave the omce very
much wrought up and talking of re
venge.
Mr. Jackson was prepared for such j
charges and had in his possession the neg- '
s from which the photographs were
printed, and when Dr. Woolsey wished to
handle these Mr. Jackson's distrust as- j
serted itseif and he vigorously refused to
allow Dr. Woolsey to touch them. This
action resulted in the defense's chief ex
pert flushing up with rage-.
By ieason of tho controversy it is quite !
likely thai Brandes 1 trial will be protract- j
ed by augmenting the list of experts al- |
ready called, for no doubt experts on I
photography will now be subpenaed.
whol< dispute arises out of the fart
that the bruises and marks on the dead j
girl's body, as they appear in the photos, '
• 11 defined and their edges terminate j
abruptly. Bruises of that nature are ad- ;
mitted by all the exports that have thus |
far testified to be such as are produced
death, while post-mortem marks i
<5o not end abruptly, but their discolora
tions are more extensive and fade grad
ally toward their termination.
Dr. Woolsey viewed the remains of
the dead girl while they were lying at the
[•taking parlor in Berkeley Just prior
to their burial, when the body was dese
crated by the removal of the skull and
membranes. He has stated under oath
that those marks were post-mortem.
Mr. Jackson's photographs clearly con
tradict Dr. Woolsey. who now insists
that the pictures were "doctored" to i
make the marks appear as though they
and he will undertake to
■ tion.
nference adjourned it I
■ 1 -hat all parties concerned,
Including I'hotographer Jackson, his neg
: the photos, uppear before
Hall next Monday afternoon at 2
k, when tho negatives will be legal- j
ly and official!'. t with the pic
ust with which the prose- !
r.ution arid defei trd each other,
. however, will probably result in Judge
•-'Hall handling tl natives exclusively.
William c. hawlevs
whereabouts unknown
TAKES NO INTEBEST IN HIS
"WIPE'S ESTATE.
Sarah H. Edgington, Sister of De
ceased, Has Now Applied for
Letters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
9>)S Broadway, March 4.
William E. Hawley, whose wife. Mary
F. Hawley. was supposed to have com
mitted suicide on the night of September
;. by firing a bullet into her brain
while she was in bed beside her husband,
h*H disappeared. He has not been seen
here within the past five weeks.
Just a week ago the alleged will of Mrs.
Hawley was denied probate by Superior
Judge "Hall because The subscribing wlt
'ified in court that they had not
afflx/d their signatures until two weeks
after Mrs. Hawley's death and then only
: .Mr. Hawley. The mis-ing
vidently f'Ok little Interest in
the attempted probate of the alleged will.
for he left Special Administrator William
< ;. Hawkett to fight the battle out, nor
has he since applied for haters on ills
'wife's esti
Late this afternoon Sarah H. Edging
■ Napa, a sister of deceased, filed a
n for letters of administration on
the e^iate and in of the estate
and person >>f Halfl< O. Kdgington. who,
with , William E. Hawley,
Jamea K. Edgington. George A. Edging
ton ("hnri- eton and Nettle F.
Xt of kin. John T. York
rs as petitioner's attorney. The es
.'. present la valued at about $20,000,
cleQr of incumbrances, and consists of
state in Alameda and Napa i;oun
■
William G. Hawkett, who had been act
ing as special administrator, says that he
nothing concerning Hawley's
abouts --md that he has not heard
from him for over a month.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
Th» State Medical Institute Disoovers a
. Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Vrw samples of a most remarkable
remedy afeXing distributed by the State
vi^iral Institute. Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who ha<3 battled for
years against the mental and physical
Ruffering of Jost manhood that the insti-
tute has - decided to distribute free trial
fiackastes to ail who write. It is a botae
ffientanil all men who suffer With
any form of sexual weakness, resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
lurerE'h and memory, weak back, varlco-
eeleTor emaciation of parts can now cure
lh e remeBy h hS e 'a peculiarly grateful
eflect o*f warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed,
ft cure's all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
in afl caVes A request to the State Med-.
caf Institute, 193 First National Bank
hifildinfi : Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
vmi d«ire one of their .trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
U desiro»w of reaching that great class
of roen who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it Is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
nroper remedies are employed. The In-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
Embarrassment or publicity.- Readers are
*«aueBted to write without delay.
■ ■ . ■
WATER FIGURES
FOR COUNCILMEN
TO MANIPULATE
Two Schedules Sub
mitted Last Night.
ROOM FOR WARM FIGHTING'
THE ''SOLID SIX" WERE NOT j
PROMINENT.
Earl Submits a Long Array of Prices
and Offers a Resolution That
Will Doubtless Meet With
Strong Opposition.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. March 4.
A comparison of the water ordinances
for the past four years shows that more
ingenuity can be rut into a schedule regu
lating water rates than almost any other
document on earth. The ordinance passed
by the Non-Partisan Council in 1595 is tho
ktweßt ever heard of. It places the rate
for a house not occupying more than 400
square feet, of one story, at 30 cents. The
ordinance for 1897 gave such a house 31
cents, ana the ordinance of last year,
about which all tho trouble occurred,
piaced the same sized house at 25 cents.
It is not in the ground area of houses
that the rates cut any figure. It is in
the additional charges made for every
purpose to which water can be put. As a
matter of fact, the 25 cents ia merely for
drinking water, and at meter rates would
permit any one drinking or using for cook
ing purpos( s 1250 gallons per month.
The Non-Partisan ordinance, as that of
l-'T is known, only produces about three
fifths of the income which would be ob
tained from the IS9B ordinance, and yet
the lS:ts ordinance Is said by water com
panies to be actually lower than its pre
decessor.
It is difficult for one not acquainted with
the manner in which such documents are
juggled to get any understanding or sat
isfaction from an Oakland water-rate
schedule. To look at last year's ordi
nance, a man with a medium-sized house
of two stories would find that his bill
should be $1 50. In fact, he finds it to be
about $4. and on looking further along in
the ordinance he discovers that he ha.s to
pay fvji each bathtub, for each drain
closet, for window washing, irrigating
lawns, closets, washing sidewalks, for
horses, cows, and also for a permanent
boarder.
The inequality of this ordinance in one
respect can be seen at a glance. The rate
for a family of ten persons in any house
is less than* the rate for two persons who
may have a permanent boarder, there be
ing no limit to the term "single, family."
The Non-Partisan ordinance took it for
granted that there would be al least one
Bath and closet in an ordinary house and
did not make an extra cnarge for it. It
• • xcd the rates for hydrants at $1 75
per month. The ordinance of last year
doubled this allowance for hydrants, and
in addition the city pays for placing and
repairing them. These figures compared
with the ordinance, which will be intro
duced next Monday night, will give an
Idea of what water users may expect to
pay after June 30.
Something has evidently gone wrong
with the programme of the "solid six"
in regard to fixing water rates. There is a
vast difference between the ideas of some
members of the six a year ago and now.
At to-night's meeting of the Water Com
mittee of the City Council there was a
bare quorum, but there were some sur
prises.
Councilman Earl presented an ordinance
that was mainly remarkable for the con
tract regarding fire hydrants, when com
pared with last year's. Earl's ordinance
only allows $1 75 for each hydrant, and
requires the corporation to place and keep
them in repair. Last year Mr. Ear!
worked and voted for an ordinance that
gnve the company $3 50 per hydrant and
required that the city pay for all repairs.
Mr. T'pton introduced an ordinartre that
cutsthe hydrant rate of last year c<*isider
ably. but'which ia much higher than Earl's
ordinance, fixing it at $2 75. Councilman
Upton's ordinance makes no changes In
the ground area rates from those now
( ■xiFtir.g for house.-- and dwellings occu
pied by a single family, and public and
private buildings not Including other spe
cified rates. Where the dwelling is occu
pied by more than one family the rate
for each additional family is 30 per cent
of those rates; for churches and halls
used for religious purpose? 50 per cent
of the present rates; for water used in
public and private schools, slaughter
nouses, breweries, and for other purposes
not specially rated In the area schedule
and requiring large quantities of water
the following meter rate is urged by Tjp
ton.
For the first 2000 -cubic feet used per
month, 26 cents per hundred cubic feet;
for the next :!000 cubic feet. 24 cents per
hundred cubic feet; for the next 5000 cubic
22 cents: the next 10.000. 21 cents, and
20 cents per hundred cubic feet for water
used in excess of 20,000 cubic feet per
month The minimum meter rate is given
as $1 25. Water used for street sprinkling
to be charged according to the foregoing
meter rates, and the same for flushing
and cleaning sewers.
Councilman Earl' 3 ordinance would
raise the rate on ground area tor dwell
ings ocupied by a single family, varlous
lv from 21 to 40 per cent, and on larger
houses not more than from 3 to 10 per
cetif for irigation of lawns and gardens
a charge of 3 mills per square yard per
month; for horses kept in private stab c.
including water for washing one vehicle,
30 cents the same in livery stables 2o
cents- for each car, stage, saddle or draft
horse 20 cents: cow, 10 cents. In Earl's
ordinance the meter rate is fixed at the
flat rate of 20 cents per 1000 gallons.
Councilman Earl also introduced a reso
lution fixing the water rates in accordance
with his ordinance. Ordinances require
the Mayor's signature, whereas resolu
tions do not ,and water rates can be
established either by resolution or ordi
nance There were but three members of
the Water Committee present at the
meeting to-night, and both ordinances
were referred to the City Council without
recommendation.
WEBSTER STREET BRIDGE.
After a Month's Delay Reconstruc
tion Will Be Hurried.
OAKLAND. March 4.— The work of re
moving the center pier, on which once
rested 'Webster-street bridge, and of
dredging the estuary at thin. rtoint. pre
paratory for the placing of the caisson of
the proposed new bridge, will be begun
next Monday. , ■ ;
Reconstruction has been' delayed a
month, because Cotton Bros., the con
tractors, have been unable to secure the
services of the only scoop dredger on the
coast which ha« been working at the
Oakland pier. The time limit for the con
struction of the bridge expires next July.
The cost of the proposed new bridge is
$96,000. .• • • i
■ ♦ ■ .
Three Foreclosure Suits.
OAKLAND, March 4.— The Fireman's
p'und Insurance Company filed suit to-day
against Adam T. Green. Harriet H. Green,
et nls., for the recovery of $5500 and In
terest on a promissory note, dated San
FrancMCo, December 2X, 1594. secured by
mortgage on property in Berkeley.
Bun was also commenced by William
Kohler against Max Neckhaus. Josephine
Neckhaus, K. J. Flanigan. et als., to re
cover $4000 on a promissory note dated
Oakland, November 20. 1897, together with
interest and 5175 attorney's fees, secured
by mortgage on property in Brooklyn
S^ilT to 7 ' foreclose a $1000 mortgage on
Berkeley property was also filed by
Helena M. Tucker against David F.
Barry, his wife. *t al».. given as security
on a promissory note dated Oakland, De
cember 9, 1896.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUB PAY, MABCH 5, 1899.
BURNED BY
AN EXPLOSION
OF COAL OIL
Mrs. T. O. Crawford Is
in Grave Danger.
HOME TOTALLY DESTROYED!
FURNITURE AND LIBRARY ALSO
IN ASHES.
The County School Superintendent
Had Left Home Only a Few
Minutes Before the Acci
cident Occurred.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. March 4.
Mrs. T. O. Crawford, wife of the County
Superintendent of Schools, is hovering be
tween life and death at Fabiola Hospital,
and the Crawford home at Fruitvale is in
ruins, because of an. explosion of coal oil
this morning..
Mrs. Crawford was pouring coal oil
from one vessel into another near a fire.
The fumes reached the flames, the explo
sion followed, and Mrs. Crawford was in
stantly surrounded by fire. The only
other occupant of the house at the time
was Mrs. Stoddard, mother of Mrs. Craw
ford, who is a feeble old lady and utterly
unable to render any assistance in such
an emergency. Mrs. Crawford was so
overcome by "the fumes that she was un
able to hem herself, and it was only
when the residents in the Reno house,
adjoining, noticed smoke coming from the
windows and doors that they knew of the
accident.
As the Renos rushed into the house they
encountered Mrs. Stoddard, so overcome
with nervousness that she could not tell
them what had happened; but a look in
at the room where Mrs. Crawford was
enveloped in flames at once revealed the
cause of the fire. Every effort was made
to extinguish the flames around the un
fortunate woman, and after this was done
and she wns taken to a neighbor's house
attention was turned to the burning build
ing, from which fire was issuing in half a
dozen places. , ,
Mrs. Crawford was afterward taken to
Fabiola Hospital, and the doctors are. un
phle to s-iy what may be the result of her
fearful injuries. Fully one-half of her
entire body was burned In some degree.
The Fruitvale Hook and Ladder Com
pany went to the fire, but having no en
gine could do little. The Reno home was
also burning in one corner, but a garden
hose and a good deal of energy put out
the flames and saved the house. The ac
cident occurred shortly after Superin
tendent Crawford and his daughter had
left home for his office. Their home, fur
niture and library are a complete loss.
INDEPENDENTS PUT A
TICKET IN THE FIELD
PLATFOBM EMBODIES A WIDE
BANGE OF IMPBOVEMENTS.
Candidates Chosen for Trustees, Town
Clerk, Treasurer, Assessor, Mar
shal and Library Trustees.
BERKELEY. March 4.— The Independ
ent Tax-payers and the Non-Partisans
held their Joint caucus in Shattuck Hall |
to-night for the purpose of putting into
the field a ticket for the approaching mu
nicipal campaign.
Each party brought 105 representatives
to the meeting, fifteen from the several
wards of the city. The election of offi
cers resulted in the choice of George D. j
Metcalf for chairman and John B. Garber j
for secretary. A platform committee was j
appointed by the chair, consisting of the
following; delegates: Professor William
Carey Jones, Dr. Carl C PJehn. Charles
Wiggin. F. K. Keon, John McCarthy. R.
C (Jilehrist, Thomas Dowd. J. S. Crew
and Warren Clark.
This committee submitted to the con
vention a platform, the principal provi
sions of which called for the future con- j
structlon of a municipal water works ;
«\ stem for the retention of the office of j
City Superintendent of Schools, for an
improved Fire Department, for fur
ther improvement and macadam
izing of the city streets and for a rigorous
enforcement of the one-mile limit liquor
faw All the measures were approved
and' loudly applauded by the entire as
sembly. , M . M , 1
The joint caucus then adopted the fol- |
lowing list of candidates for a municipal
ticket *
Trustees— First Ward, Captain W. H.
Marston; Third Ward, Clarence S. Mer
rill- Fifth Ward. Major Charles Jersen;
Seventh Ward, Christian Hoff.
School Directors— First Ward, "W . K.
Wclra; Third Ward, Dr. Henry Senger;
Fifth Ward. 'A. T. Sutherland; Seventh i
Ward, Gocrjre C. Phillips.
Town Clerk— M. L. Hanscom.
Treasurer— John Squires.
.Assessor— lsaac W r ells.
Marshal— Richard W. T ,loyd.
Library Trustees at large— First ward,
S D Waterman; Second Ward, *A. F.
Lange; Third Ward, D. W. Mclaughlin;
Fourth Ward, H. D. Irwin; Fifth Ward,
A. w. Naylor.
Death of Mrs. Holtum.
BERKELEY, March 4.— Mrs. Carrie
Holtum, wife of Fred Holtum. passed
away early this morning at her home on
the corner of Adeline and Stuart streets,
West Berkeley. Death was due to a pe
culiar accident received last Monday
evening, from -which the unfortunate
woman was unable to recover. It seems
that about 7 o'clock that evening- Mrs.
Holtum started to come downstairs, when
her foot slipped, and, falling the whole
length of the stairway, she struck uncon
scious upon the floor of the hallway be
low. Being alone in the house at the
time, she lay In that condition, helpless,
for two hours, until her husband, return
i ing home, found her in a partially para
| lyzod condition. From the first her in
juries were seen to ha of a nature too
serious for recovery, and she lingered till
this morning. Deputy Coroner J. E.
Streightif has ordered an Inquest to be
held next Monday night.
Funeral of Thomas Smith.
ALAMEDA, March 4.— The funeral of
the late Thomas A. Smith will be held
Sunday afternoon from Christ Episcopal
Church. Rev. Dr. J. T. Lacey will conduct
the services. The pallbearers will be F.
B. Graves, Henry Michaels, George L.
Lewis, G. H. Andrews, R. S. Bullock,
Flf mon Drake. The interment will be at
Mountain View Cemetery.
Mrs. Noble Alleges Cruelty. ,
OAKLAND. March 4.— Mary H. Noble,
through her attorney, Phil M. Walsh; this
afternoon filed suit for a legal separation
frnm George A. Noble on the ground of
cruelty. The defendant is a painter in
the employ of the Southern Pacific Cotn
panv, and'the parties reside in West Oak
land.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, March 4.— Mrs. Marie Jas
per, wife of Antone Jaaper, passed away
this morning at the. family residence. 816
Henry street, West Oakland. Deceased
was aged 36 years and leaves one son,
aged 14 years.
A Mothers' Union has been organized at
Golden Gate, the purpose of which is to
have every child In the district attend a
kindergarten for preliminary training of
some kind. Mrs. Illian has been chosen
president and Mrs. Cahill vice-president.
Auditor Snow, the Republican candi
date for Mayor, returned to town to-night
from the funeral of his wife.
WON'T BE EVEN
"SISTERS" TO
THE BACHELORS
Young Ladies Hot at
the Ex-Club.
BUT CLYDE CONKEY IS FIRM
" r
SAYS HE WILL BEMAIN LOYAL
TO CELIBACY.
The Other Ex-Members Will at Once
Propose Marriage to Square
Themselves With Scorn
ful Beauty.
ALAMEDA, March 4.-The young ladies
of Alameda are not in a frame of. mind
to forgive the members of the Bachelors
Club. Even the dissolution of the organ
ization, which took place to-night, and
the unconditional surrender of the club,
may avail the members nothing. At this
date the young ladies refuse to even be
sisters to the young men who, in a
thoughtless moment, entered into an anti
matrimonlal compact.
All the bachelors but one are penitent.
The remorseful ones agree with President
Dr W R. Hughes that " 'Tis not well to
live alone." The exception is Bachelor
Clyde Conkey, treasurer of the club. He
has protested emphatically against the
disbandment of the organization and In
sists that it is against the future happi
ness of the members to release them from
their anti-matrimonial agreements in
his present frame of mind there will be a
bachelors' club in this city if he ia the
only member. . . .. „.
Other bachelors of the organization that
passed out of existence to-night assert it
was not Mx. Conkey's fault that he did
not break the anti-marriage contract
when it was in force. It is stated that his
protestations of everlasting affection were
spurned by some of the young ladies who
now refuse to forgive the bachelors.
"This is the secret of Mr. Conkey s firm
stand against matrimony and the dissolu
tion of the Bachelors' Club," said one of
the most penitent members. Secretary 11.
L. Zimmerman. "I truly hope he will see
the error Of his ways before it is too late.
If he- does not and insists upon being a
bachelors' club all by himself I hope the
young ladies will not hold the rest of us
responsible for his actions. He is a good
hearted young gentleman, and would
make an ideal husband if he will only lay
aside his prejudices against the fairer sex.
He will puffer if he does not. The six
months during which I lived up to the
rules of the Bachelors' Club was the most
lonesome, desolate period of my exist
ence. I want no more of it."
The final meeting of the club was held
this evening at the home of Bachelor J.
H. Wittich, 1603 Walnut street. Despite
the protest of Bachelor Conkey a motion
prevailed to adjourn the organization sine
die. Bachelor Al Behneman sprung a sur
prise in tho shape of an agreement binding
j the signers to propose marriage to some
I Alameda young lady within the coming
: six months. With the single exception of
j the member of the new anti-matrimonial
club all present signed the agreement.
After the business meeting the ex-bach
elors discussed an elaborate banquet. Dr.
W. R. Hughes acted in the capacity of
toastmaster, and In his introductory re
marks stated that he hoped the experience
of the past six months would be a valu
able lesson to the members.
A GIFT WITH A STBING TO IT.
Alameda Will Not Accept a Building
Offered for a Hospital.
ALAMEDA, March 4. — From present in
dications it is not likely that Alameda will
have a receiving hospital unless It con
structs one itself. The offer of the
Woman's Exchange to give its building
! to the city for the purpose stated had a
1 string tied to it. Upon the recommenda
! tion of the Board of Health the offer was
' accepted by the City Trustees, but it now
appears that the exchange wants some
assistance in return for the proffered
gift, and the city authorities do not see
the matter that way.
The ladies of the exchange desire to go
out of business and disincorporate. The
legal expenses would be in the neighbor
hood of $30, which the members think the
I city ought to pay. The Board of Health
: has been doing some figuring on the mat-
I ter. They find that if the exchange
building is accepted it will cost several
hundred dollars to move it to the city's
lot and fit it up properly. With a little
additional outlay a new building design
ed for use as an hospital could be con
structed. Th 4 latter plan may be adopted.
The city's new ambulance is completed
' and will "go into commission March 20.
OAKLAND DEMOCBATS BALLY.
J. L. Davie Talks of the Criticisms of |
Dr. Pardee.
OAKLAND, March 4.— The Democrats
1 held their second rally to-night at Ger- :
j mania Hall. Henry C. McPlke presided. It I
i had been announced that John L. Davie i
?' ould answer the criticisms of Dr. G. C. 1
ardee made in East Oakland. Mr. Davie
I spoke at length on the incidents con- j
nected with the railroad strike, when Dr.
Pardee was Mayor. He also referred to
the many dealings that he (Davie) had ;
with Pardee while the latter was Mayor j
and when Davie was running an opposi- '
j tion ferry.
Campaign Orations Commence.
ALAMEDA, March 4.— The Municipal
League will open the local campaign Mon
day night at Linderman Hall. Frank
Otis candidate for member of the Board
of Education, will be the speaker of the
evening. He will discourse on "Munici
pal Elections and the Rights of Voters."
The league proposes to hold these meet
ings once a week during the campaign.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. March 4.— Cordes Hose
Company will give a banquet March 11 at
the Court-street firehouse in honor of the
retiring foreman, William Wahmuth.
Dr. and Mrs. Alfred Sander will give a
reception to-morrow afternoon at their
residence, 2233 Santa Clara avenue.
A Japanese dinner party was given last
evening by Mr. and Mrs: George H. Mas
tick at their home, corner Pacific avenue
and Wood street. _
Ladies of the Maccabees.
California Hive of the Ladies of the
Maccabees had a snow party last Tues
! day night in the social hull of the Kor
! esters' building, at which there was a
! large attendance. In the hall, which was
decorated to represent a snow and Icicle
grotto, there was given a programme that
Included instrumental music, vocal soloa.
I recitations and specialties by the follow
ing named: Mrs. Nell, Miss Betts, Miss
Lena Johnson. Edna Bell White, Carrie
Brown and Jennie White. Miss Hattie
Simpson, Miss Berta. Miss Howard, the
Waterman sisters, Miss Naporini, Ed
Hanlon and the Michaelson brothers.
j Then followed a dance and refreshments,
i and taken as a whole, the affair was one
that reflects credit on the committee of
arrangements and shows that it is the
equal of the committee of any of the local
hives in arranging for an enjoyable even-
Ing.
Daughters of Montezuma.
The members of the Daughters of Mon
tezuma Council, Degree of Poeahontas,
I. O. R. M.. enjoyed a most pleasant even
ing at the novelty party Monday last in
Washington Hall, Red Men's buiiding-.
One of the features of the evening,
a cake walk by two couples, who did not
black up for the occasion, walking across
the floor to rag time music, was equal
to any ever presented by professionals.
This was followed by a programme of
dances that kept those present together
until midnight.
CHILDS KNOCKS
OUT ARMSTRONG
Colored Championship
Decided.
FIERCE FIGHT AT CINCINNATI
BIGHT SWING ENDS THE MILL
IN THE SIXTH.
Large Crowd of Sports Attends and
the Chicago Contingent Wins
Heavily on Its
Man.
Special D'spatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, March 4.— A ten-round
contest for the colored heavy-weight
championship of the world was the
main event to-night before the Stagg
Athletic Club. The contestants for the
honor once held by Peter Jackson were
Bob Armstrong of New York and
Frank Childs of Chicago. The men met
in Chicago about two years ago and
Childs gained the decision in the sec
ond. Armstrong claimed, however, that
the contest was prearranged and that
Childs took advantage of an opening,
thereby gaining the decision over him.
The contest to-night assumed cham
pionship airs, a large delegation being
present from Indianapolis, St. Louis,
Cleveland, Louisville and Chicago. An
extra attraction was the presence of
Tom Sharkey and hie manager, Tom
O'Rourke. The men fought for a divi
sion of the receipts, which reached the
thousands, owing to the prices, which
were from $1 to $25.
Armstrong's seconds were Tom Shar
key and Tom O'Rourke. Childs was
looked after by Connolly, Sara Sum
mers and George "Washington. Shar
key received an ovation, and in re
sponse to the cries for a speech said
he was grateful for the reception. In
regard to a fight with Fitzsimmons, he
declared he had posted $1000 with a
New York paper to bind the fight with
the champion.
Armstrong and Childs shook hands
at 10 p. m. Johnny Murphy of Cin
cinnati was chosen referee. Armstrong
towered over his stockily built oppon
ent. He resorted to left hand leads in
the first round, invariably receiving a
right counter from Childs.
In the second round Armstrong was
the aggressor, but a hard counter on
the jaw staggered him and worried
him r-xtrerncly. Childs rushed and re
ceived a right uppercut on the face.
At close quarters Armstrong had the
advantage. Childs rushed matters in
the third and in a mix-up he floored
Armstrong with a right swing on the
jaw. Armstrong took nine seconds of
the count. Upon rising ho managed
to keep clear of his smaller opponent,
who forced him around the ring, vainly
trying to land a knockout.
The fourth round was a furious one,
Childs being staggered by a right on
the head, while evidently holding back
for a chance, to land his right.
In the fifth Childs rushed and landed
right and left repeatedly, driving Arm-
I strong around the ring. Armstrong's
replies were with right and left jaba.
A hard right swing on the jaw stagger
ed Armstrong, and Childs, following it
up. landed left and right, which made
Armstrong very groggy.
In the sixth Ohilds rushed at Arm
strong and landed a hard right swing
on the jaw', which sent Armstrong fly
ing clear across the ring. But for the
ropes he would have tipped headlong
among the spectators. As he rebound
ed from the ropes. Childs landed his
i right again on the jaw. which sent
Armstrong reeling about the ring with
his hands hanging by his side. Childs
was about to give the finishing punch
when O'Rourke, realizing that his man
was helpless, threw up the sponge and
the colored heavyweight championship
was awarded to Childs.
The Chicago contingent won a large
' sum of money on the contest.
After the fight was over O'Rourke
and others held a conference on a pro
i position that Sharkey challenge Childs.
The winner to-night developed such
surprising parts that Sharkey agrees
to meet him soon.
Druidism.
The grand officers recently paid a, visit
to Jackson, Amador County, where they
instituted Jackson Grove No. 114 with
fifty-two charter members. The officers
were met at Bone, the terminus of the
railroad, by S. Campanella and Mr. Bu
onamici and driven in carriages to Jack
son. The following day they were taken
in charge by this committee and the won
ders of the county, its mines and re
sources shown them.
The grand officers will meet in the of
fice of the grand secretary at 2 o'clock
this afternoon and from there go to Au
rora Grove and pay it an official visit in
Mission Parlor Hall. In the evening the
grove will celebrate its second ar.nivtr
sa y by a grand ball in the same hall.
A;; ra. Alfplnl and Galileo groves are
arra i j,.; Cor a picnic to bo held jointly
by thi' groves named in May.
Templar Grove will hold its annual pic
nic in San Jose next May.
Independent Foresters.
On the night of the Sth of next April
there will be given a grand public enter
tainment and ball In Odd Fellows' Hall
by the local courts under the auspices
of tho City Board of Deputies. That
body will act as the committee of ar
rangements, and it promises to present
to the public one or the best functio#s
that has ever been given by this order.
Court Yerba Buena at its meeting last
Tuesday night rescinded a resolution to
collect a war tax of 10 cents per capita
to keep in pood standing its three mem
bers who went to the rront, as the object
—the war with Spain— is over. The court
rendered financial assistance to one of its
members who is very sick and in financial
straits.
His Essence of Truth.
For many years the sage held to his in
vestigations. He sat at his desk in the
library with tomes (whatever in the world
they are) heaped all about him. He un
rolled manuscripts and studied them in
deep abstraction. He turned the pages of
many books. At intervals he would nod
solemnly and make a note on the sheet
of paper lying in front of him. At last
the frail body weakened under the strain
of unremitting toil. The ancient scholar
took to his bed.
"The end Is near," said the physician,
holding the thin, worn hand in his so that
he might lend the old student some of hia
own courage.
"I care not," whispered the sage, with
a smile of resignation. "My work is fin
ished. I have proved it— as I said. On
my desk in the library. You will lind it
there."
When his spirit had departed the life
long friend who had been chosen as ex
ecutor went to the library.
There, upon the :*rewn desk, he found
the fruits of all the labor, the essence of
Truth which the scholar had extracted
by years of reading and research. There
was the Finished Work. It was as fol
"If 'honey' did not rhyme with 'money'
and 'Lou' with "you," there never could
have been any 'coon' songs."— Chicago
Record.
The Parlor Lamp.
"Oh what a beautiful parlor lamp!
How do you light It?"
"You don't light It at all. That's the
beauty of it. it's perfectly safe, and it
rant smoke the ceiling."— Chicago Trib
ur
ADVERTISEMENTS. . - .
Prof. Jules Laborde's Wonderful French Preparation ot
"CALTHDS" That Restores Lost Manhood. . .
. Ql FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Q^S) . Absolutely Free by Sealed Mail.
M^f^t^^^ N0 c * °* D * 0R DEPOSIT SCHEME
r'^ic^^xl-ifi Bffif\) The marvelous French remedy. -CALTHOS," nt-
t&%J&F'(Ws& SfiSSP^ / cently introduced In this country by the Yon Mohl Co..
»':Vft^^3|ii*j.«j^^^ j ■ of Cincinnati. Ohio, one of the largest, richest and mosi
V : '3Ss'*^''"'-?!^3^^ lA responsible business firms in the United States, has at-
ty\ \&ssmsr^ iiiflml traded the attention of the entire medical profession, be-
V?.'i &i's''sijf /£^? cause of the wonderful cures it has effected. If yoa
E^ V^Wll 1 /*S \\£ \ Buffer from Lost Manhood,' Varicocele, Weakness of anj
V\ ■J*^*j*i I f I nature In the Sexual Organs or Nerves (no matter ho«
I 1 n \ ill V caused), or if the parti are undeveloped or have shrunk-
V\l^J I \\ \ I 1 en or wasted away, "CALTHOS" will restore you.
1 "■"miiiiUnWHlli 1 \l bB "CALTHOS" is » French discovery by Professol
tli^**^™p3 I V *H Jules Laborde, famed in Paris as France's foremost spe-
A \ g| "CALTHOS" Is the ONLY remedy recognized by th«
A \ '/« medical profession as a specific cure for weak men.
$£*§^£%§|hL W A V 1 II has th endorsement of the German and French
b3 f itT^&i /fl rnments. and is largely used in the standing oxmiei
'fMr&W&i&S I feVvVA^ Sra of those countries.
SsfSHKfillsf I EstivVbd \ B "CALTHOS" is put before you on Its merit!
IsPisiiS&iSJ 1 H^ / m alone. Try it and put it to the test. TRY IT FREE.
i?*«ffSerSfial ) mT^VTI I B Thert Is no security required; no C. O. D. scheme.
H£Si&as»9 / iHHanl I I Bend us your name and aiiress, and we will sen 4
sftr-Tiwra«» I v ***i3.'M I r<j TOU enough "CALTHOS" to last five days. IT WILL
\L / jfsa- I II S? BE SENT IN A SEALED PACKAGE BY MAIL. In thi
/ / / _*!_"' I \ I 42? ouiet of your home you can try it and see what it does.
I' J jS«r" I )S >X All correspondence relating to the "CALTHOS" de»
/g^S\^" \ \\Jr partment of our business is strictly confidential.
PELff .V_ Xjc We neither publish nor furnish testimonials. Ad-
'Sr^ dress applications for trial treatment to
THE YON MOHL COMPANY. 106 B, Cincinnati, 0. p^^iU^raT-gftJd^i^
GOOD WORK OF
THE CALIFORNIANS
Delegation Did Well for
the State.
APPROPRIATIONS SECURED
WHITE SAVED RIVER AND HAR
BOR BILL FROM DEFEAT.
Perkins, Loud, Hilborn, De Vries,
Barham and Barlow Also Joined
in Securing Needed Leg
islation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel.
Washington, March 4.
It is not generally known that Sen
ator White of California brought about
the adoption of the Nicaragua canal
substitute provision, which not only
saved the river and harbor bill from
utter defeat, but secured a compromise
on the Nicaragua canal project. Sen
ator White was strongly in favor of
the canal bill; but after consultation
with conferees on the part of the
House realized they would never yield,
so rather than jeopardize California's
prospect of securing $1,250,000 In the
river and harbor bill he interceded with
his colleagues on the Commerce Com
mittee, Morgan and Frye, and the re
sult was the adoption of Burton's com
promise provision providing 51.000.ikj0
for preliminary work and committins:
this Government in favor of construc
tion.
The Californians, as a rule, are well
pleased with the result of their labors.
They not only secured large appropria
tions for the removal of Arch and Shas
rocks in San Francisco Bay, but for
the improvement of the Sacramento
and San Joaquin rlveie, Humboidt and
San Pedro harbors, Alviso channel,
provisions for public buildings at Oak
land, Los Angeles and Stockton: for
protection of Yosemite Park, for light
stations and revenue cutters; Goat
Island naval training station, apd a
number of lesser appropriations.
Each member of the delegation is en
titled to credit for the work performed;
Loud for appropriations for Shag and
Arch rocks and Alviso channel; Hil
born, Oakland postoffice; De Vrles. Sac
ramento and San Joaquin improve
ments, Stockton postoffice and Yosem
ite Park appropriations; Barham, for
Humboidt harbor, and Barlow, for Los
Angeles postoffice.
Too much credit, however, cannot be
given Senators Perkins and White, who
labored zealously, and are entitled to
share the honors accruing to the rep
resentatives, individually and collec
tively. On the whole, the California
delegation pulled as much "pork" out
of Uncle Sam's barrel as any delega
tion in Congress?, and each member
leaves for home well satisfied.
The bills of special importance that
failed were the Pacific cable, arid lands,
reservoirs and mineral lands bills.
De Vries has organized a campaign for
the next Congress and feels certain that
the mineral lands bill will pass at next
winter's session.
QUEER WORK FOR WOMEN.
Bemarkable Varfc ;y Shown in the
Applications at an Exchange.
"I'd like to write verses to order." said
a little woman the other day, taking her
stand In front of the desk of the manager
of an exchange for woman's work.
"Hey?" questioned the manager, look-
Ing up from the letter she was reading.
"I said I'd like to write verses to or
der — for birthday parties, luncheons and
dinners," the little woman repeated. "My
husband Is sick, and the doctors say
that— that," here there was a little break
In her voice, "he'll always be an invalid,
so I've got to earn some money to take
care of him and help educate our chil
dren."
"And you wish to write verses." The
manager was puzzled. "Well, you see,
we are not a publishing house nor a — "
"Oh, yes. I know: but you don't under
stand. I don't write poetry — only rhymes
and doggerel. The kind one sends with
birthday presents or puts on a luncheon
card. That's what I want to do. I have
been doing it all my life for my frunds
for nothing; just whenever they wanted
anything of that kind they'd call on me.
Now that I have to earn money I
thought you might find some persons who
were willing to pay for them. I can do
them on any subject, and bring In any
peculiarity or characteristic they want."
The manager was about to reply when
a woman who had been seated in the of
lice got up and came forward.
"She's just the one I want." she said
hurriedly, her cheeks pink from excite
ment- "My daughter is going to have a
Valentino luncheon next week, and two
weeks later is her birthday, and I am
thinking: «f giving her a dinner. I would
like verses for both of these entertain
ments and some original ideas. If you
have those for sale, too," she added,
looking timidly at the little woman,
"Yes. I can give you ideas about favors
and decorations, if that is what you
want?"
"Then suppose you go over there." said
the manager, indicating the chairs
[ against the wall, "and talk it over with
Mrs. Blank. She is one of our regulai
patrons, and if she gives you work am
you do it to her satisfaction, then you
will pay our registration fee and a pei
cent of the amount made on your firs»
order. What is it you wish?" turning t<
the next applicant. ; "
"I want work. I came from the coun
try, and I'm very handy with my hands.
The girl was healthy and strong look
trig, though she did not have too mucr
confidence in her own abilities appar
ently.
"You can sew?" '
"Well, not much," she admitted, un
willingly. "You see. I was raised on i
farm arid used to help father. I can choi
wood, milk—" , „,, _. ,
"Can you saw and handle tools? 1n«
manager looked as one who had recelvec
an inspiration. '■  '
"Oh, yes," the girl replied, as if it was
the most ordinary of womanly acorn
pTcishments. _ , ■ 
"Then you are the very one T am look
ing for. Here is a letter from a lady wm
wishes some one to each her two littl
boys how to use carpenter s tools. She j
been to see me twice, and now here s ne>
l6 Then she turned the letter and the gin
Then she turned the letter and the gir
over to an assistant. SJ^u
"I'm fond of pets," said the, next appli
cant, who was a young girl, "and I want
to get orders for washing cats.
"Washing them!" the manager ex-
Cl "Yes: replied the girl. "Cats have t<
be washed, and 1 want to wash them. ]
never heard of any one doing such s
thing, but that's the very reason I should
be able to get orders from persons whe
have pet cats and don't know how 01
C^yoira"re S quire e Tight about that" saU
the manager "It is so far as I know ai
untried ftlld," and there seems a chanci
for success. Last week a girl came ir
who wanted to exercise dogs, and befon
the week ended I gave her fas many or
ders as she could possibly attend to. Sh«
is fond of dogs and accustomed to out
of-door exercise, so she finds her wo™
not only pays, well, but is congenial.
I New Yo"rk Sun.
The Age of an Oyster.
He who wishes may find out the exaei
age of an oyster, though he has not th«
telltale evidence in teeth. The lines ii
the groove of the hinge of the shell tell th.
whofe story, each line representing t a h year
An oyster is of age at four years; that is
he is old enough to vote, take care of a
family and go to market. Going to mar
ket is a a na sastrous under taking for s
four-year-old oyster is particularly palat
able By this it must not be supposed
that after an oyster ha 3 passed the four
layer period and has five, six or even ter
wrinkles on his shell he is a back num
ber. Indeed, there are records of oysters
being eaten just after celebrating theii
thirtieth birthday, ami in most cases thej
formed a delicious meal. Thirty is an un
usual age for an. oyster to attain, be
cause few are given an opportunity tc
live so long. If left to enjoy life in his
own way, It is quite probably that tru
oyster would become an octogenarian 01
even centenarian.
Captain Cochrane on his last trip to Ful
ton Market brought in an oyster found or
his beds that is believed to be at leasi
thirty-five years old.— Fishing Gazette.
LATE SHIPri.XO INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
USAL— Sailed March 4— Stmr Grace Dollar
for Alcatraz. via Pan Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed !Kerch. 4— Schi
Corinthian, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived March 4— Stm)
Carthagena. from Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 4— Stmr Kara
mania, from Marseilles; stmr Assyrian, front
Halted March 4— Stmr Hecla. for Copenhagen
stmr Umbrta. for Liverpool: stmr Friesland
for Antwerp; stmr Phoenicia, for Hamburg
stmr La Normandie, for Havre; ftmr Saalo
for Naples. _
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 4— Stmr Campa
nia. from New York; stmr Cyrie from Ne»
Tork; stmr Nomadic, fmm New Ttork.
Sailed March 4— Ptmr Etruria. for New York
GLASGOW— SaiIed March 4— Stmr State oj
* SO^T HAMPTON— Sail M March 4— Stmr &
Paul for New York.
Arrived March 4— Stmr Friedench der Gross*
fr HAVn a E-SaiW March 4-Stmr Bretagne, foi
Arrived March 4— Stmr I* Touraine, frore
NP \NTWERP-SAlled March 4— Stmr Kensing
tnn.' fnr New York.
DIED.
COVOLLY— In this city, March 5. 1899, Edward
A* beloved husband of the late Margar.-'
Conolly. and father of Mrs. C. A. Clllette.
Mrs Margaret Hughes. Mrs. J. J. Lermen.
Acne* J. Conolly and Sister Mary Agnes ol
the Slsiers of Charity, a native of Dublin
Ireland" aged 68 years.
GTJNDRY— In this city, March 4. 1899. Mr*
E Gundry, beloved mother of Lillian and
Frank Gundry. and sister of Mra. F. E.
Larkln. a native of New York, aged 63 yeari
and 16 da-ya.
AUCTION SALES.
ABSOLUTE AUCTION
OF FINE, RARE, '■' ANTIQUE
TURKISH, rVW T/^ C*
reM £" X I IdS
ROYAL IRANS 1 V \J VJ bJ
BY THE
TURKISH RUC CO.
AT
I^3 GEARY STREET.
TO-MORROW (MONDAY), at 10:30 a. m. f ane
2:S> r- m.
GOODS NOW ON VIEW.
This direct lmoortation is just out of th«
Custom House for this sale, and none of th«
rugs have been shown In th» Uulted States b«-
fore. • A. W. LOUPERBACK. Auctioneer.
A. TV. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
MAMMOTH AUC'fION SALE
fek AT £5
EMPORIUM SALESYARDS. 220
VALENCIA STREET,
MONDAY, MARCH 6th, at 11 o'clock,
On account of settling up Murry Estate. W»
will sell
100 head of - broken and unbroken i horses,
suitable for all purposes; weight from 900 tt
1500 pounds. ,
This , stock will positively be sold to th«
highest bidder. Stock can be seen on th»
premises. ;
S. "W ATKINS & CO., Auctionea**
1516
COUNTY OFFICIALS WILL
ATTACK THE CHARTER
Claim That They Are Entitled to
Hold Their Positions for a
Term of Four Years.
Arrangements Are Now Being Made to Take the
Matter Before the Supreme Court of the
State for Settlement
PLANS are now being made by a |
number of county office-holders to (
renew the fight against the char
ter, notwithstanding the fact that
that Instrument has been approved j
by the people at the polls, has \
passed the keen scrutiny of the legisla- •
tors and been made the basic law for this |
city and county by the signature of the !
Governor, himself a lawyer of long train- j
ing.
The movement afoot is to annul one i
of the most important provisions of the
new charter, which is to go into effect j
en the first of January. 1900. The matter j
in issue will be the terms of those offi- |
cials who, by a recent decision of the Su- |
preme Court of California, were' held to ■
be county officers, as distinguished from j
municipal, under the consolidated form j
of government of the city and county of
San Frai Cisco. No attempt will be made,
It is sserted, to attack the charter ex
cept as to this particular matter.
The offices affected are those of Re
corder, District Attorney. Public Admin
istrator, County Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner,
Justices of the Peace and Police Judges.
It is claimed the new charter, in cur
tailing the terms of office from four years !
to one, is in conflict with the county gov
ernment act, and that a municipal char
ter cannot legally interfere or legislate in
county affairs. This will be • the ground
of contention except in the cases of the
Justices of the Peace and Police Judges. |
In regard to the latter it will be held
that these courts are part of the judicial
system of the State and are not, there
fore, affected by the charter.
Section 5S of the county government act
provides:
All elective unty and township officers
and city Justices of the Peace, except
otherwise provided for In this act, shall
he elected ,it the general election at which
the Governor is elected, and shall take
office at 12 o'clock meridian on the first
Monday after the first day of January next
Fucceedins: their election.
It is claimed by the incumbents elected
DR. D. M. CONEY DENIES
A SENSATIONAL STORY
WM. BUDDE NOT RAILROADED
TO THE ASYLUM.
He Was Legally Declared Insane.
The Knowledge Kept From His
Wife for Sufficient
Reasons.
The sensational Story published In an
evptilnp paper that WMliam Rudde, who
died last Friday at the Stockton Insane
Asylum, had been railroaded to that in
stitution is emphatically denied by Dr. D.
M. Coney, a brother-in-law of the de
ceased, and a reputable citizen of this
city.
"That Rudde was insane," said Coney,
"was proven to the satisfaction of two
Insanity Commissioners. Prs. Pwindell
and Wadsworth. The reason why Rudde
was not brought into court was on ac
count nf his weak physical condition, and
a special order was issued to have him
examined at St. Mark's Hospital, where
he was confined. The reason for his wife
being kept in ignorance of his insanity
was her delicate condition and the hope
that her husband might be restored to
health and the full use of his senses."
"Lust December Rudde was taken with
hallucinations and imagined that he was
going Insane. On account of his extreme
nervous condition the 'rest cure' was pre
scribed for him and he was taken to a
]'.dginp-hoi!se, at the corner of Baker and
p e l] <; : r f.,.!s. on December 10. On Decem-
V.er 22 his nurse left him temporarily and
iwled out of the window and climbed
up a waste pipe in a light well, presum
ably to get on th» roof, from which he
could iump off and kill himself. He lost
his hold and fell back twenty feet
through a skylight, and fractured his
knee cap Notwithstanding his injury he
walked into the hall and picking up two
pieces of pipe began to heat himself about
the head, shewing conclusively that I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABY ITCHED
SIX YEARS.
Body Covered With Humor. Legs
Down to Knees a Solid Scab.
Five Doctors and Medical Col-
lege Could Not Cure. Father
SPENT ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS
Trying to Get Him Cured. Old
Friend Suggested CUTICURA.
Sleep and Rest on First Appli-
cation. Now Completely Cured.
My son, when he was six weeks old, had a
breaking nut on the top of his head. It spread
all over his head, and then his arms broke out
from shoulder to wrist. Around his body and
around his less from his knees to his ankles
■was a solid scab. My family doctor treated
him for eighteen months, but no good was ac-
complished. I tried four more, and then a
medical college in St. Ixmis six months. No
•rood yet Spent not less than a thousand dol-
lars in money and time. Old Mr. Barney Clap
Insisted on my trying CUTICURA remedies,
telling me he had a spell like my child's him-
X X By the time my wife had used the
CUTICURA (ointment) up, he began to im-
prove, and got so he could sleep short naps,
and gave me and wife some reel. Thank t)ie
Lord he Is well now, fat, hearty and stout as
any boy, after six long years of itching, cry-
ing and worrying. (TTICI'RA remedies cured
him W. M. NICHELL., Lexington, Okl.
Sept. M, '98.
CUTICURA
Begins With the Blood and Ends
With the Skin and Scalp.
That is to say It purifies the blood and cir-
culating fluids of HUMOR GERMS, and thus
removes the cause, while warm baths with
CUTICURA SOAP, and gentle anointings with
CUTICURA (ointment), greatest of emollient
skin cures, rlcanse the akin and scalp of
crusts and scales, nllay itrhing, burning and
Inflammation, soothe and heal. Thus are
epeedlly, permanently and economically cured
the most torturing, disfiguring humors of the
Fkin Fcalp and blood, with loss of hair, when
the best physicians and all other remedies fall.
Sold throughout the world. POTTKR DRUG
AND CHEM. CORP., Props., Boston. "All
About Baby's Skin,"_free.
mum EC Prevented and Cured by
illrirLCj cuticura soap.
at the last election that as an election
for Governor takes place only every four
years, the terms of all officers included in
the foregoing prevision of the county gov
ernment act must be co-extensive with
the terms of office of the Governor, or i
four years.
In order to further substantiate this
contention a bill has been introduced In i
the Legislature amending the county gov
ernment act by adding to it a section to be
known a.< 58%, which provides that the
terms of the officers named In section 58
shall be for a period of four years.
T'nder the provisions of the new charter I
an election fa to be hchi November 7 of
this year, and every second year there- :
after." for Mayor, • ighteen Supervisors, |
Auditor. Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collec- j
tor. Recorder. City Attorney, District At
torney. Public Administrator. County
Clerk, Sheriff. Coroner and four Police
Judges. It is further provided that each
of these officers shall be elected for two
years, except the Police Judges and tho
Assessor, who shall be elected for four
years and thai the city and county offi
cers elected in November, 1898, except the
Superintendent of Public Schools and Jus
tices of the Peace, shall relinquish their
positions on the Ist of January. 1900.
This last provision curtails the terms of
all the Incumbents, with the two excep
tions specified in the charter, to one year.
It is proposed to take the matter to the
Supreme Court, as soon as the proper
time arrives. The matter has been the
subject of frequent discussions among the
officials at the City Hall, and legal advice
has been sought. According to the opin
ion of one of the attorneys consulted, the ,
incumbents have a good case on which to.
base proceedings for the retention of their:
offices for four years.
When Recorder Berthier -was inter
viewed in retard t<. the matter he de
clared that there was no intention to at
tack the charter as a whole, but only so
far as it affected the terms of offli
the county officials. He added that it had
not yet been decided in whose name the
proceedings would be brought, nor at
what time. He said that it was simply "a
move intended to protect the rights of
these who believed they were entitled to
hold for four years," despite the provi
sions of the charter.
was demented. He was secured and re
i to St. Mark's Hospital, where Dr.
Card removed one-third of the knee cap.
He sustained other severe Injuries, and
one day confessed that he had tried to kill
himself by eating ground glass, showing
some of the particles which still adl
to his teeth. He tried to climb out of the
window of the hospital and had to be
watched constantly.
"The large chunks of flesh which are
said to have been removed from his back
were bedsores, which resulted from his
unclean habits. Again, he would yell in
cessantly at night and could not be quiet
ed On the advice of Drs. Card and Tug
gle of St. Mark's Hospital, we decided to
send him to the insane hospital, seeing
that he could not be properly treated
"I ""cannot understand why the relatives
of Rudde could have brought such grave
charges which have no foundation in
f-ict It is true that our side of the house
has never been friendly with them, having
not even spoken to them in several years;
but I cannot see why they should manu
facture, a story o»t of whole cloth, unless
it may be for petty revenge.
"They have only stated one fact— that
Rudde truly loved his wife and children.
and realizing himself that he had tenden
cies toward insanity he deeded all
his securities and property to Ws
wife That she did not testify
at the examination was oecause the true
facts were kept from her in the fear that
fatal effects would ensue upon her ap
proaching confinement. As it is. the pub
lication of the infamous story has had a
distressing result uprn her.
"These arc the true facts of the case,
and all of us who had any connection
with it are ready for and In fact will court
the fullest investigation."
Coming Weddings.
Messrs. Cooper & Co., the art station
ers, -have unexceptional facilities for en
graving wedding invitations and an
nouncements^ *
FOR THE CHILDREN.
Easter Entertainment in Aid of the
Hospital Fund.
The lady patronesses of the Children's
Hospital are busily planning a fete to be
held during the week of April 11, the pro
coeds of which are to go toward the hos
pital fund. The nature of the entertain
ment has not yet been decided upon, al
though the ladies have concluded to fnl
low somewhat in the footsteps of the suc
cessful gingerbread fete of last year. The
patronesses who will have charge of the
entertainment are:
Mrs. W. B. Harrington. Mrs. William Hardy.
Mrs. J. F. Merrill, Mrs. W. T. Fonda, Mrs. N.
I) Rideout, Mrs. L. L.. Dunhar. Mrs. F. H.
Green Mrs. Henry Payot, Mrs. Henry Bothin,
Mrs. Samuel Knight. Mrs. W. J. Dutton, Mrs.
Antone Borel, Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mrs. Rolla
V Watt. Mrs. James Kerr, Mrs. W. P. Shaw,
Mrs H. M. Fiske, Mrs. C. E. Holmes, Mrs.
George Grant, Mrs. Wendell Eapton Mrs. John
H .Dickinson. Mrs. Helen Hecht. Mrs. A C.
Rulofpon, Mrs. F. A. Frank, Miss Mary Kohl,
Miss Fannie Doyle, Miss H. P. Miller.
SALE OF NEWSPAPER STAMPS.
Five Hundred Sets Disposed Of in
One Day.
Stamp collectors were quick to take ad
vantage of the opportunity to obtain a set
of the periodical stamps recently retired
from use by the United States, afforded
by their being placed on sale at the local
p'ostofflce at $5 a set. These labels had
not been previously sold to the public.
When the postal authorities decided to re
tire these stamps it was arranged to save
50,000 sets for sale to collectors. All the
remaining labels were burned and the
plates from which they were printed are
to be destroyed.
The much-coveted stamps were placed
on sale at 8 o'clock yesterday morning,
ajid before nightfall orders had been re
ceived for half of the 1000 sets on hand.
The set consists of twelve stamps, rang
ing in face value from 1 cent to $luo.
Dr. Charles W. Decker,
Dentist. Phelan Bldg. , SO6 Market. Special
ty, "Colton Gas" for painless extraction. •
Friends of Children.
At the monthly meeting of the Eureka
Society for the Protection of Children
Secretary Wadham made his report,
which shows the business transacted last
month.
Complaints received, 72; investigated, 60;
children involved, 150; placed in public
institution, 31; prosecutions, 12; convic
tions, 9.
The following new members were elect
ed: Frank Marty, E. Marchand, David
M. de Long, S. Varessi. C. Copollo,
rharles Aubrey, Jacob Hyams. James A.
Doughty, Julius Trost, E. J. Banning. Dr.
\V. (". Rlley, George Knox, George B.
Crooh, Wallace Austin, H. Hackman,
James M. Taylor. John R. Aitken, Mrs.
M. A. Lintott, Captain D. F. Van Pelt,
Fred H. Jung, Charles Heinmeyer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, StTINPAY. MARCH 5, 1899,
ALL HONOR TO EMMET,
PATRIOT AND MARTYR
IN song and oratory the name and
fame of the Irish patriot Robert
Emmet was extolled in Metropoli
tan Temple last evening before a
tremendous gathering of his fellow
countrymen, who cheered the mention
of his name and grew enthusiastic over
the recital of his great undertaking to
secure liberty for their native country.
The occasion was the celebration of
the anniversary of the birthday of
the martyred patriot, given under the
auspices of the Knights of the Red
Branch. Hardly a seat remained va
cant in the handsomely decorated hall
when Dr. A. P. O'Brien, chief surgeon
of the now famous First California
Regiment, opened the entertainment
with a short address. Like those who
followed him. he was warmly greeted.
He told his listeners that they had all
gathered to do honor to the great Em
met, whose name was revered by every
lover of liberty.
Dr. O'Brien stated that owing to a
press of business brought on by the
closing days- of the Legislature, His
Excellency Governor Gage could not
be present to act as chairman. He
read a letter of regret from the chief
executive, and also from Archbishop
Riordan and General Shafter. When
the hero of Santiago's name was men
tioned it was received with tremendous
applause.
The committee of arrangements
spared no expense nor labor in their
efforts to beautify the temple. The
stage was a mass of color tastefully
displayed, and was favorably com
! on by every one present.
Across the platform a huge Ameri
can fine was suspended, and beneath
its folds a picture of the patriot in
whose honor the celebration was given
was entwined with evergreens, a fit
ting token that his memory will ev«r
remain bright in the hearts of his
countrymen. "His epitaph shall he
written," was displayed immediately
beneath his picture in bright letter-
Ing.
his picture in bright lettering.
Between the two gas jets used in il
luminating the back part of the plat
form a harp composed of myriad jets
of flame shone in splendor. Festoons
of green, white and yellow bunting
heightened the effect. Potted plants
and ferns completed the pretty decora
tions.
Mayor James D. Phelan delivered an
eloquent oration and was repeatedly
cheered by the big audience. He dwelt
on the Irish struggle for liberty, the.
noble resolve of Emmet, and told of
his sad end. The speaker save a his
JUSTICE COOK
CALLS FOR
THE SHERIFF
A Disturbance in His
Courtroom.
A CLIENT'S UNBRIDLED ANGER
FORGETS THE CONSIDERATION
DUE HIS HONOR.
Z. Zelinsky Brands Attorney Petty a
Liar and Precipitates a Fight
Which Is Quelled With
Difficulty.
A defendant untutored in the ways of
the law and the etiquette of its courts
created a sensation yesterday in the
courtroom of Justice of the Peace Cook.
It was the ease, of John Quadt against
Z. Zelinsky for material furnished.
Attorney Perry represented Qtfadt and
was pressing his claim vigorously. Dur
ing his argument in comhating the claims
of Zelinsky, he said: "I'll show that
statement to he false!"
"You lie!" shouted ZelinPky, forgetting
his surroundings. He rose to his feet and
was gesticulating wildly the while his at
torney was pulling Zellnsky's coattails
and trying to calm his ruffled feelings.
The irate litigant shook his clinched fist
»t Attorney Perry and was ready for any
kind of an encounter.
Justice Cook took a hand in the proceed
ings at once. He told Zelinsky he would
not tolerate such language and such ac
tion in his presence and would commit
him for contempt. That that was no
place for barroom brawling.
As he has no bailiff to maintain order,
his Honor dispatched a messenger to the
Sheriff's office. Under Sheriff David Mar
tin and a deputy responded at once and
restored the peace. After the parties at
I interest left the courtroom they renewed
hostilities. Tne corridors rang with their
verbal battle, attracting a large crowd.
Sheriff Martin was again forced to assert
his authority and the combatants finally
left the building by separate entrances.
The case was for the collection of a bill
I against Zelinsky for material used on the
Affiliated Colleges building. He claimed
it was not delivered in due season and in
conseuence he was damaged to a degree
sufficient to offset the first claim. After
judgment was rendered against defend
ant he boasted that it would never be col
lected, as he was execution proof, and the
trouble is still brewing.
Park Music To-Day.
The Golden Gate Park Band will render the
following programme to-day at the park:
Overture, "Hans Helling" Marschner
Dance, "The California Poppy" Cllckman
Entr'acte et Airs de Ballet Massenet
"Spanish Retreat" Hopkins
Selected themes from "El Capltan" Sousa
Reverie. "On .the Lake" Sellenick
Duet for cornets Selected
Performed by Messrs. Mahood and Keller.
Reminiscences of Rossini
Morceau, "Danse Annamite" Maquet
"March of the Stars" Miss Spellan
Murderers Arraigned.
Philip Ferttitta, charged with the mur
der of Joseph Sierro on Sansome street re
cently, was arrainged before Judge Gra
ham yesterday and the case was contin
tory of the patriot and described the
times and troubles that led up to his
execution. During his lenpthy a<\
dress his periods were punctuated by
applause, and when he concluded he
was pivrn an ovation.
Thp following pogramme was ren
dered in its entirety. Every number
was warmly received and encored:
Vocal quartet. "Come Back to Erin"
(Coltelll), Miss K. Black, Mis* E. V. Mr-
Closkey. D. Manlloyd. B. J. Sandy; bass
polo. •'Oh, Where's the Slave" (Moore), G.
V. Wood; soprano solo, "Kathleen Ma
vourneen" (Crouch), Miss Ti'.lie Salinger;
oration. Hon. Jame* D. Phelan; vocal solo,
"Norah Magee" (E. I. Bronson), Miss Daisy
V. Keane; reading, "Emmefa Speech,"
Thomas W. Hickey; contralto solo. "Oh,
Breathe Not His Name," Miss. E. V. Mo-
Closkey; selection on hnrp. Miss Tepsie
Cook; tenor solo. "The Minstrel Boy"
(Moore), David Manlloyd; fepprano polo. "My
Emmet 'p No More.' Miss Kitty Black;
vocal duet, "The Moon Has Raised Her
Lamp Above. " D. Manlloyd and 8. J.
Sandy: accompanists, Mi:-s Jessie Cook and
Miss Kitty Cook.
The folowins vice-presidents were
invited to attend, and many of them
occupied seats on the stage:
ued till March 14. Daniel Seatena, charged
with the murder of his partner, S. Bran
coll, in their fruit store, Sll J,arkin street.
was arminged before Acting Police Judge
Barry and the case was continued for a
week".
DE PANGHERS BENEFIT.
An Interesting .Baseball Game to Be
Played at Recreation Park
To-Day.
A benefit game of baseball has been ar
ranged by the friends of "Mike" de Pan
gher. the old-time l>ackstop, who is rap-
Idly losing his eyesight through nn acci
dent that befell him whiie working for the
Harbor Commission. The pame will
be played to-day at Recreation Park. :\nd
will be between the Athletics and a picked
nine, composed of Eastern stars now tak
ing a vacation on the roast. De Pangher
has hundreds of friends, and they have,
come to his assistance by purchasing
bunches of tickets. Following will be the
line-up:
Athletics. Position. Picked Nine.
Youngey Johnson. Pitcher Hughes
Lohman Catcher Chance.
J. Johnson First base. ...TV. T,ange
Josh Riley Second base Mertes
Stultz Third base.. Fred Lange
Billings Shortstop
Hilderbrand Right field -Bliss
McCarthy I>eft field Sullivan
MeT,aughiin Center field Murphy
Extras— Donovan and Muller.
To-day the Seattle champions will end
their tour with a game at Sacramento,
after which the team will return to San
Francisco and disband. The players have
all signed for the season of 1599. Hartman
will remain with the local team. Kleiber.
ODea and Andrews go to San Jose, (lark
and Rand to Santa Cruz, and Babbitt will
play with London, Ontario. Tacks Par
rott and Captain Dugdale are billed for
the Western Association.
LAWBREAKERS PUNISHED,
A Quartet of Criminals Sent to Pris
on for Various Terms.
It was the fashion yesterday for pris
oners who appeared before the court for
arraignment to plead guilty, waive time
and receive sentence. Frank Ward said!
he was guilty of assault to commit rob
bery upon M. Berkowitz, and was sen
tenced to three years In Folsom prison
by Judge Lawlor; Salvador R. Garcia,
a minor, accepted a charge of burglary
in the second degree and was sent to
Whittier Reform School by Judge Dunne;
John Delaney pleaded guilty to a charge
of burglary in the second degree and was
sentenced "to six months in San Quentin.
Charles Smith, who robbed a Chinaman
out of $13. was sent to San Quentin for
eighteen months.
A beautiful walnut Decker & Son piano
for $350 at Mauvais'. 7R9 Market street. •
Scandinavian Society's Musicale.
An elaborate musical and literary en
tertainment in celebration of the forti
eth anniversary of the Scandinavian So
ciety was given last night at Native Sons'
Hall. The programme included remarks
by Oliver Olsen, piano solo by J. B. "War
burton, soprano solo by Miss Helena Neil
sen, bass solo by Bert Georges, contralto
solo by Miss Sandelin, fancy dances by
Misses Freese, Simpson and Froese; so
prano solo by Miss Agnes Simpson, lute
solo by Samuel Adelstein, humorous se
lections by W. J. Hynes, tenor solo by
William O'Brien and violoncello solo by
Albert W. Neilsen.
The hall was artistically decorated, and
a large crowd was in attendance. J. B.
Waxburton acted as director and accom
panist. The following composed the com
mittee of arrangements: Captain A. C.
Freese (chairman). Consul Henry Lund,
Consul John Simpson, Leonard Georges,
Albert Hansen, Captain Jacob Jensen,
Captain H. A. Thompson, Dr. J. A. W.
Lundborg, A. TV. Wilson, Charles Plam
beck, Andrew Olsen. N. P. Holtum. H. A.
Brunnell, P. O. Aune, Oliver Olsen.
A Rose Social.
Sherwood Circle of the Companions of
the Forest gave a rose social in Social
Hall of the Foresters' building last Thurs
day night. It was well attended and
proved a great success. Each of those
Jeremiah Mahoney, Archbishop Riordan:
A M. McCabe, Ban Jose; Mr. MCcKagney,
San Joae; M. Devine, Sacramento; M. Brad
ley. Pan Jose; R. Donovan, San Jose; M. C
Gorman, Sacramento: Frank MoGowan,
Hon. M. M Estee, General Shafter. J. J.
Valentine, .T. J. Dwyer, John Murphy, Pro-
Jordan, John Mulhern, General
Walsh. Rev. I). O. Crowley. M. J. H;irt.
Rev. Father Frieden, S. .T.: Rev. J. Hickey,
s .1 . Rev Father Gleason, Oakland; Rev.
Kntiifr McNally, Oakland; Dr. C. A. Clin
ton, .T. King. I. M. Scott. T. Bannerman,
James O'Hrien, Jeremiah Deasy, T. P.
Crowley, Daniel C. Deasy, M. Cooney,
James R. Kelly P.. C. T"hin. Captain Dr.
O'Brien, Judge Murasky, Ed I. Sheehan,
M. Hayes, J. B. Cosgrove; J. H. (,'reagan,
Oakland; M. Coakley, Oakland; Martin
Ryan. Oakland: J. J. Barrett, Hon. R. Fer
ral, Hon. P. Sullivan, John Mahoney, John
Ganey, T. J. Rattlgßn, M. J. Wrcnn,
Jurljre Stafford, Rev. H. H. U'yman. C. S.
P.; Key. p. D. Brady, W. .1. Stafford. i'ap-
Mm iJardener. I*. S. V. ; lieutenants Mc-
Grath and Sullivan, IT. S. V.; Major En
ritrfiT. James Con lan, Captain T. J. Mei
lott, Lieutenant M. J. C.hii!. R. C. 6'Con
ne-r, P. V. l'unne. P. J. McCarthy, P. J.
McCornJlckr, Hartley Lree, J. C. Neilson. M.
C. Gorham, Judge I^Hwler. J. J. fonntff,
c r. Sheahan, John R. T<>hin. Thomas F.
Dunn, Kd Law ton, Jeremiah Sheeny.
who attended was presented with a bunch
of roses, and for a time, when all were
seated, there was presented to the view
a parterre of the quien of flowers of all
colors, for each one wore the beauties on
breast or coat lapel. There was in addi
tion to a good programme of modern
dances an exhibition of fancy dancing by
Professor Thomas and Miss Beardsley.
The affair was under the direction of Mrs.
M. A. O'Brien, Mrs. Ksther C. Dunn,
Mesdamee Furgeson, Harvey, Hartley.
Hart and Messrs. Goodman and Wessel.
Young Men's Institute.
"The End of the Controversy" is the
title of the lecture that will be deliv
ered to-morrow night by Right Rev.
George Montgomery, Bishop of Monterey
and liOs Angeles, before the members of
Mission Council in Metropolitan Temple.
The committee on laws and supervision
met last Friday night and took action in
the matter of printing the constitution as
amended.
Colonel Tohin will deliver a lecture be
fore the council In Watsonville on the
17th inst.
NOVELTIES
arrived last week in
silks neckwear dress trimmings
ribbons shirt waists vestings and yokings
Silks for Spring Wear
$1.00 a yard
• Twenty-four inches wide, good quality in
the latest designs, such as Pekin stripes and
Shepherd checks in the following combinations
of colors: black and white, pink and white,
turquoise and white, violet and white and
green and white.
Taffeta Vestings and Yokings
beautifully embroidered, appliqued and jew-
eled; undoubtedly the most extensive assort-
ment of elegant goods ever shown in this
city; prices are from
$2.50 to $12.50 a yard.
Dress Trimmings
Silk applique in the newest designs of bow-
knot, floral and festoon effects in black, black
and white, black and gold, white and gold and
silvered effects.
Skirt ornaments, many exclusive designs in
the very latest shapes.
A Special Value
Taffeta silk, 19 inches wide, a good quality for
65c a yard.
Goods now on display in our windows.
125 to 131 Kearny St.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ___ ™
LINEN
department:
...SPECIAL OFFERING...
OF
Fine Housekeeping Linens.
On Monday, March 6th, and following 1 days, we will
offer some SPECIAL VALUES in extra qualities IRISH
AND GERMAN LINENS, and invite particular attention
to the following* :
1 Case 72-INCH BLEACHED SATIN TABLE <P4 AA v ,
damask •••— • tpi.uu i ara.
150 Dozen 3-4x3-4 BLEACHED SATIN <£Q AA Dn7p
DAMASK NAPKINS <PO.UU UOZeil.
1 Case BLEACHED LINEN DAMASK TABLE
CLOIHS, size 2 yards by 3 yards §3.75 Each.
(extra quality)
50 Dozen GERMAN DAMASK TOWELS, $6.00 Dozen.
satin finish, with knotted fringes <pU.VJV UOZGH,
1 Case Extra Size LINEN DAMASK ToW-
bortere!!^*^...™™^ $3.00 Dozen.
200 Dozen LINEN HUCK TOWELS, both fl>O AA nn7ATI
hemmed and fringed, extra heavy.... 3>^i.VU UOZen.
2 Cases IRISH GLASS LINENS, assorted colors,
12le, 15c, 20c and 25c Yard.
50 i^owel^ S i z !. BLE * C . H . ED .. TURK : $2.75 Dozen.
1 Case 20-INCH TWILLED IRISH LINEN 4 JT p v ,
toweling iokj i ara.
We are also showing an elegant assortment of
LINEN SCARFS, TRAY CLOTHS, DOYLIES, PILLOW-
CASES, PILLOW-SHAMS, HEMSTITCHED NAPKINS,
FINGER-BOWL DOYLIES, TEA CLOTHS and DAM-
ASK SETS.
111, 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
WORDS OF PRAISE FOR
THE ALMSHOUSE
GRAND JURY COMMITTEE'S
FLATTERING REPORT.
Existing Excellent Conditions Do
Not Agree With the Common
Idea of the "Poorhouse."
The report of the committee appointed
by the Grand Jury to examine into the
condition cf affairs at the City and County
Almshouse ha? been received by that body
and reflects much credit on the managers
of the institution. It shows a wonderful
increase in improvement and a decrease
in general expenses.
The report commends Ihe condition of
the grounds, and states that economy is
practiced to good advantage by the sys
tem of imposing manual labor upon the
inmates. The men cultivate fifty-two
acres of land planted in different vege
tables and hay. and the women do house
work and' mending.
The product of vegetables entirely sup
plies the inmates for the year, mid the
potatoes for seven or eight months. Th«
aggregate production of this farming,
which is all done by inmates, affords an
important reduction of expenses. Out of
the appropriation for maintenance of last
and the previous fiscal year, a new and
very commodious laundry was construct
ed, with foundations, walls and flooring
of cement, tin roof and modern ma
chinery, including a new 2,">-horsepower
engine and boiler. A new concrete
morgue was also constructed. The cost
of both was $6024 77. These new buildinga
were built by the inmates, with the ex
ception of foreman and finishers.
During the last fiscal year the Board
of Fire Commissioners presented the in
stitution with a new fire engine and a
concrete building in which to shelter it.
costing $U»24 86. This Includes 1800 feet of
pipe connections, and catastrophe by fire
may now be averted. A tire brigade has
been organized and they drill frequently.
Complimentary mention is made of th'i
library now being erected at a cost of
several thousand dollars by Mayor Phe
lan and of a handsome piano donated by
Mrs. Phoebe Hearst. The hospital and
accommodations for religious servic.
are highly commended. Recommendation
is made for a new building for the accom
modation of married couples, a new stable
and minor improvements, aggregating
about $25,000. «.,*..«
The report closes by giving a tabulated
statement of the decrease in expenses for
the past fiscal year, as compared with
previous year, as follows:
In the fiscal year 1596-96 the daily aver
age of officers, employes and inmates was
875; the daily cost of maintenance to the
institution was $21S 15, or 2'^ cents per
inmate. In 1897, T<4t persons cost $207 39
daily, or 22 a i cents per capita, and in 189S
the 092 inmates cost J2OS 42 per day, or 21.9
cents per capita.
Knights of the Maccabees.
San Francisco Tent has adopted reso
liltions of respect to the memory of the
late Alexander Fredericks Holland, who
was second master of the guards of the
tent. He was on active and very popu
lar young man, who, by hi.-; kindly spirit
and demeanor, won the love of all who
knew him.
On the last Friday in February this tent
had an enjoyable social and smoker In Its
hall in the Alcazar building-, when there
was presented a good programme of mii
pie, song and addresses, arranged by the
entertainment committee, after which
there was inaugurated a whist party.
That was one of a series of monthiy
smokers which the tent proposes to give to
enable new members to become better ac
quainted with the order and the members
thereof.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
SPECIAL
THIS WEEK.
A FOLDING BED CQ.OO
Finished In Antique. MU
We are at present able to
show several dozen different
styles of Folding Beds with
or without mirrors. Meed
one ? Buy now; pay later.
THE J.~NOONAN
Furniture Company (Ino.).
fO/T-/023 MISSION STREET,
flbove Sixth)
Phone, South 14. Open Evenings.no_textTHE CALL Sunday Edition.
WONDERS OF
NIAGARA FALLS WINTER
If I MS the slg-ht of a lifetim* to see
I Niagara Falls In winter.
■ During January or February
;JL of any year It is well worth a
trip across the continent, but :
this year it has been grander than ever.
Indeed it is said to rival the display it
made in ISS3, which surpassed in gran
deur that of any previous winter on
record.
Of course when Niagara is in its
•winter glory the weather is intensely '
cold. So cold that, the flngers^and toes
of visitors sometimes get frozen and
only the heaviest wraps can keep out
the Arctic atmosphere. But the colder
the weather the more beautiful the dis
play of Jack Frost.
This year the intense cold weather
. began early in January and kept up
steadily for weeks. The result is that
the spray from ; the immense body of
falling water. has been frozen to every
. thing with which it came in contact.
The trees on Goat Isjand are like a
dream in fairy land. Every branch,
twig and dead leaf Is covered with a
thin coating of glistening ice. There
are myriads of branches bo fine as to
be scarcely visible, but all are coated
bo clenrly and distinctly that they look
lik*> the finest of filmy lace.
It does not look lik« cotton lace, but
lace of diamonds, rubies, emeralds and
pearls. Countless branches gently
move and sparkle with dazzling bright
ness. When the sun comes out with its
pale, weak rays scarcely able to cast a
shadow and passes through the Ice
covered branches a prismatic effect of
color is produced that it is impossible
to Imagine. It is the rainbow frozen
solid and then broken up into millions
of pieces, each a glistening bit of float-
Ing, living light.
No greater illustration of what can
be done by the accumulation of small
particles can be found. In all the world
than th«» great ice mountain that
formed this year at the foot of Ameri- 1
can Falls. Molecules of water almost
as fine as those in steam have been
frozen one by nnc until they have piled
up nearly 100 feet Into a solid hill that
weighs millions of tons. This hill, or
mountain, as the visitors call it, is as
round and smooth as a hailstone. It is
great sport to climb this hiil and then
Bit down. Instantly you are at the bot
tom, having slipped over the smooth ice
as easily as though you were dropping
through space.
fr This little feat that Bends a thrill
through you more "breath-taking" than
any toboggan slide is not without its
dangers. Foolhardiness generally meets
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
with disaster. Early In the season a
boy, not content with the speed he could
obtain by sitting down on the ice and
letting himself go, concluded to Improve
things with the aid of a large tin pie
plate. He put this under him for a
seat and gave himself a shove. But po
little resistance did the tin pan offer to
the ice that he shot forward with the
speed of a cannon ball, and when he
reached the bottom, instead of stopping
comfortably In a snowdrift, kept on go
ing- and flew through the air for a dis
tance of fifty feet, finally bumping
against a block of ice and being
knocked senseless. He sustained a
slight fracture of the skull, and was
laid up for several weeks.
Naturally, during the long spell of
cold weather, the supply of water for
the falls Is considerably diminished. In
certain spots It only fell down In trick
ling streams that quickly froze and
formed enormous icicles. One "formed
near the stairway this year that was
over ten feet thick and seventy feet
long. Old visitors to the falls say that
It Is the largest icicle they ever saw.
For. a short distance below the falls
on both sides of the river the icy mantle
has covered every standing: object. Tel
egTaph poles, bridge's, wires, trees and
fences all are given a coating <<f icy
varnish. The bluffs on both sides of
the river are simply walls of Ice with
Etalartites hanging here and there in
the most fantastic manner.
Snow has fallen once or twice since
the cold weather set in and in many
places has filled up the crevices In the
ley walls and softened the face of na
ture.
While Niagara has been In its most
beautiful winter garb the crowds of
visitors have been fnr greater than on
the average day (luring the summer.
Regular excursions have boon run from
Buffalo and other near-by towns. It
Is «lso customary for parties to charter
a private car and make a gala winter
day picnic of the trip to the frozen
■waterfall. Parties have even come from
as far away as New York.
It is a ptrange sight to see the river,
that in the summer is a whirling eddy
ofturbulent waters, as solid as a road
way, with thousands of people walking
about on the surface. At night the
boys build fires on tho ice and light up
the whiteness of the surroundings, giv
ing an entirely new aspect to thne beau
ties of the scene.
Not content with what nature ha«
done with ice the people of Niagara
Falls have built an enormous ice palace
that from a distance looks like a
structure of the whitest marble. In
side is a skating rink, where visitors
have the joiliest kind of times.
Part of the skating rink programme
consists of masquerade balls. Of course
skates take the place of dancing slip
pers, but the general effect of the merry
makers as they appear on the "floor"
is not particularly different from any
mardi gras ball. There are all kinds of
costumes, and of all the colors of the
rainbow, and over all is shed the bril
liancy of electric lights reflected from
walls of ice.
But it will all be over soon. A couple
of days of spring sunshine and the iri
descent beauty will vanish into water
whence It cara&18
Do Charitable Organizations Encourage Pauperism?
DISCUSSED BY i David Starr Jordan, Dr. Joseph Le Conte, N. P. Cole, Mrs. A. F- Morrison, C. V. S. Glbbs, Mrs. Lovefl White, William Doxey.
Mrs. Judge Currey, William Sproule, Mrs, P. N. Lllienthal, Captain Oliver Eldrldge.
DO charitable organizations lessen poverty and raise the in
digent? Do they encourage pauperism? Do they create the
evil they are designed to relieve? Are they breeders of idle
ness among the weak-spirited? What are they accomplishing
with that great social problem— the poor? Some of those best
qualified to discuss these questions have briefly answered them below:
* • •
The question Is a very complex one and I fear that these charitable
Institutions are regarded by many as a sort of bonus to idleness.
f ■ S> The main thing is the next generation,
DR JOSFPH I F rnNTP and when we strive to strengthen the
UK. JUbtPH LE CONTE, gre&tetit prO pagators of the world (the
Univemity of California, we ak and impoverished) we are poisoning
* — -^ the blood of the next generation by the
preservation of their species.
Some years ago I had thoughts upon this subject, but it was too
wide a field to follow up; however, I reasoned upon the following
hypothesis: In organic evolution "the fittest" are those most in har
mony with the physical environment, and therefore they survive. In
human evolution the fittest are those most in harmony with the ideal,
and often, especially in the earlier stages, when the race is still
largely under the dominion of organic factors, they do not survive,
because not in harmony with the social environment. But, although
the fittest individuals may indeed perish, the ideal survives in the
race and will eventually triumph.
In organic evolution the weak, the sick, the helpless, the unfit
in any way perish and ought to perish, because this is the most
efficient way of strengthening the blood or physical nature of the
species, and thus carrying forward evolution.
In human evolution the weak, the helpless, the sick, the old, the
unfit In any way are sustained because sympathy, love and pity
strengthen the spirit or moral nature of the race. But let us remem
ber that in this material world of ours and during this earthly life
the spirit or moral nature is conditioned on the physical nature, and,
therefore, in all our attempts to help the weak we must be careful to
avoid poisoning the blood and weakening the physical vigor of the
race by inheritance.
This gravest of social problems, namely: How shall we obey the
higher law of love and mutual help without weakening the blood of
the race by inheritance and the spirit of the race by removing the
question of self-help? This problem, I believe, will be 6olved by a
rational education, physical, mental and moral.
I am unable to give any decided opinion In regard to the matter,
but I think all who are Interested in Buch Institutions feel at times
<&, — ♦ that their alms are misdirected. I should
mrs i F MORRISON certainly oppose any radical changes in
MKb. A. r. Mwmaun, thege offlceß of BQft humanltV( t6r the
Prwid.nt of the Century Club. crying: orphan must be fed, and we must
<S> ■$> mix the tears of pity with those of grati
tude. On the whole I think that those who are helping others would
rather be fooled once In a while than to allow a worthy applicant of
charity to gro unheeded.
So there remains bat one solution to the vexing problem— we must
sustain charitable institutions which are united in their efforts to
seek and succor the feeble.
• • •
This subject admits of no Inconsiderable diversity of opinion, and
one cannot hope to reach any definite conclusions in the matter.
<;, <$► If man dwelt in his natural state it
' urq i nvFi i WHITF ls obvious that the law of the "survival
MRS. LOVELL WHIIt, of the fittest .. would obtaln a 8 , t does
I Pr»«ide-.t of the California club, j j n the existence of the wild animals.
«g. — <g> Each individual would be compelled to
provide his own sustenance or he would perforce perish, but such a
condition is manifestly incompatible with the present order of things.
There are many among us who are absolutely dependent on the
charity of their fellow-beings. Their survival Is due to the tenderness
which is lodged in almost every human breast. It Is right that it
should be so, and it is the only -thing possible. But unfortunately
charity does not confine her favors to those who are deserving of
them, but bestows assistance where evil sometimes results from her
generosity. For in every community' there are those who prefer to
depend upon the milk of human kindness rather than to earn their
own living. Now if these men who beg their way through life were
confronted with the proposition that unless they toiled for their daily
HAND TO HAND FIGHT WITH A GRIZZLY
Thrilling Experience of a Fresno County Hunter While Out Camping in the Sierras.
TO roll down a snow-covered moun
tain side tightly clasped in the em
brace of a grizzly bear is an ex
perience few men pass through and
live to tell: but that 1b what hap
pened to Frank Lecky of Fresno
about two weeks ago, and he has only a
few scratches and bruises and a big bear
skin to show as signs of his terrible en
counter.
"It was the wickedest fight I over got
Into," said Frank when telling of his ex
periences, "and I have been In a good
many, going out hunting In the Sierras
every winter, as I do.
"This big fight happened up In the Whit
ney country. It was juat a few miles east
of the Minarets, and in a spot where
a fellow is always pretty sure to find big
game.
"It was pretty late In the afternoon,
and I was all alone In camp, as the other
boys had not returned from a deer hunt
they started on in the morning.
"I had been dozing In the tent all day,
but came out to have a look at the sky.
As I glanced along the top of a bluff a
few hundred feet from camp I saw some
thing dark moving about.
"That was enough for me. I got my
rifle and Btarted right after it. The kind
of game I was going after didn't con
cern me at all, but I really didn't expect
bear, at least such big cantankerous bear.
'Taking a roundabout way through the
Bnnw, I Boon reached the top of the bluff,
and began to crawl along carefully in
orrlor to get a good resting shot and not
come upon my game too suddenly.
"Finally I caught a close view of a big
dark body movfng behind a clump of
bu^hos. It was so large that for a mo
ment I thougnt I had been stalking a
cow. and was ready to kick myself. Then
a long-drawn sniff and a deep growl told
me it was bear I was sighting. Instantly
I was all excited with interest, and
strained every nerve to get the beast in
line and so plant a bullet into the right
epot. The bear, however, had a mind to
keep his eyes on me, and kept moving
"I Kept Strikiog at the Bear Witt) My KDife as We Rolled aod Bounded Dowq the Hillside Till Suddeoly There Came a Terrific Burop and the Bear Let Go
about as he peered between the branches
of^ the brush.
"Suddenly one of the horses down in
camp neighed loudly and attracted the
bear's attention. As the bear turned and
exposed his Bide I fired. Down went the I
bear like a bag of wheat, and I thought
my rifle ball must have gone clean
through its brain. Without stopping to
consider whether my shot had really been
fatal, I rushed forward. As I stooped
down to see where theball struck the bear
Jumped up, and then I knew I had only
'creased' it— that is. Just grazed its head
or spiral cord and knocked it senseless
for a moment.
"Before I could swing my rifle forward
to get in a shot the bear had knocked It
out of my hands, and was right on top
of me. Somehow I managed to draw my
knife and get in a few jabs that did no
damage. The bear hugged me tighter and
tighter, and I kicked harder and harder
and jabbed wildly with my knife. Then
we both rolled on the ground, and the
bear tried to bite my face, but I kept
off his fast clawing blows by hugging
tightly against him. I jabbed and jabbed
as we - rolled over and over, and the bear's
face and jaws were pretty badly cut and
one of his eyes put out of service. The
snow all around was torn up and spat
tered with blood.
"Before I knew It we were Just on th«
edge of the bluff, and an almost vertical
wall of snow lay just beiow us for over a
hundred feet to the bottom.
"This frightened me more than tho bear,
for I knew what it meant, but before I
could think of doing anything we were
over the edge and rolling down at light
ning speed.
"It could not have taken more than a
few seconds, but It seemed to me like
years. Now I waa on top of the bear,
and now underneath. Snow filled my
eyes and" ears, and I was scratched and
wounded and bumped until I thought my
end had come.
"It seems to mo that I kept striking at
the bear as we rolled, or rather shot,
downward, for we were going at the speed
of a cannon ball. Then there was a sud
den bump, while I was on top. and the
bear gave a moan of pain and let go of
me.
"That gave me my chance, and I drove
THBBAN FBANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, MABCH 5, 1899.
bread they would surely go to the wall It Is more than probable that
every one of them would find means for his maintenance.
But unfortunately our civilization Is such that there can be no
classification of those who are deserving of charity and those who are
not, and were the attempt made there would doubtless be much in
justice done on both sides. And so each of us must make his own
choice, using his best judgment and being neither too liberal nor too
stinted, for there are those who really deserve our help. And we
should be thankful, moreover, that we are not afflicted with the
hordes of paupers that inrest the cities of Southern Europe and prove
such a pest to those who are compelled to abide with them. Our
freedom from this evil is probably due partly to our beggary laws
and partly to the energry and enterprise of the American character
I most assuredly do not favor the constant "boosting" up of the
cjironlc mendicants, but it is human to hunt the wretched out and
* ~~~ ♦ this can only be done by a perfect sys-
N. P. COLE, . tern of organize/! charities, therefore, I
Pieii^nt Sin Francisco Benevolent think them a public necessity. The San
Association. Francisco Benevolent Society used to re
—<S> ceive $5000 per year from the Police Court
fines, which was distributed without expense to the city to the ab
ject poor. This fund ceased a year or so ago, and now were it not
for the bequests made by philanthropic individuals we would have
been obliged to close our doors long &go. I think that the city should
tax us and the fund be applied to the lowest rate of wages for public
improvement which can be obtained, and then when the unemployed
desire aid let them be set to work. This method would relieve cases
of poverty that cannot be remedied otherwise.
To a certain extent these charitable institutions do foster pau
perism, but at the same time they do more good than harm, infinitely
<$> — $> more so. If It were not for the charitable
WILLIAM DOXEY, societies a great many worthy people
Pretldent British Benevolent Se- would be in dire distress. There are two
ciety. classes of worthy people — one is the man
<$> ■ $ who Is willing to work but Is not able to
obtain employment. If he Is a single man he is deserving of pity, but
if he has a family depending upon him It Is not enough to help him
up; we must find him permanent means of support for that family.
The British Benevolent Society gives only temporary relief to
enable them to tide over a little time and will not accept chronlo
cases of destitution. It is particularly necessary for us to have an
Institution, because Britishers come from all over the world to this
pivotal point. We seem to be the center of the world for the British
wanderer, and have calls from Japan, Canada, British Columbia, New
Zealand and India. In a great many instances the money which we
have expended has been returned to us, thus enabling us to help others
with the same fund. The other class of worthy poor is the sickly
and unable to work kind. The great trouble that we have with this
class is that they are apt to think that they are pensioners. The
indiscriminate giving of meal tickets to great strapping fellows who
won't work makes the work of the society still more difficult. The
general public usually support this class. I believe that the societies
are doing a vast amount of good by their careful system of investiga
tion and assistance to the worthy poor.
• * • •
Unless charities are managed with the greatest care they be
come a means of giving something for nothing:, and therefore they
<$> S> lower the Incentive to self-help.' The
DR DAVID STARR IORDAN- lower the incentive to Is that The
nR mvin <TTARR lORnAN. essence of wise charity is that it should
UK. UAVIU bIAKKJUKUAN be discriminatln&; giving help where help
| Pr»». Leiand Stanford University. | j s needed or the best thing to give and
<$ <$> giving advice and sympathy where they
are best. There is no hard and fast rule in these matters. There is
no sieve through which the paupers and beggars can be run. Each
case must be treated on its merits. To do this requires brains. The
value of associated charities and charity commissions is in the fact
that they are able to call brains into service.
Poverty is not pauperism. The person now subject to poverty
may have within himself the cure for it. The pauper cannot cure
himself, and all help given him but intensifies his pauperism. There
are various conditions — sickness, dissipation, the weakness of age, evil
associations — that may plunge the average man from poverty' into
pauperism. We are none too well equipped for the struggle for life
at the best, and the loss of weapons may make any man helpless for
the time being, but some are helpless from the time of birth.
There is in every nation a multitude of men and women to whom
my knife Into his heart.
"The skin measured over seven feet. I
found out while we were cutting him up
that when he struck the rock at the bot
. Tom of the hill he shattered his spine. It
I was just a piece of luck that the bear
struck the rock, and not myself."
fitness Is impossible. They are simply incapable, and they are the
descendants of others who in similar conditions have been likewise
incapable. They are born to misery, and the aggregate of mtsery
would be sensibly lessened had they never been born. Hereditary
Incapacity of the few has been in all ages a burden on the many
who could take care of themselves. The descendants of these increase
in number with the others. Thus the future of hereditary weakness
is a growing problem in our social organization. The destruction of
the unfit has not kept pace with their power of reproduction. We
may blame the kind influence of charity for lack of discrimination in
its efforts for the help of our neighbors.
The indiscriminate charity of the Middle Ages is responsible for
much of the misery of ours. It is only lately that science has shown
that charity is to be Judged not by its motives, but by its results.
"Charity, falsely bo called," says McCulloch, "covers a multitude
of Bins, and sends the paupers out with the benediction 'Be fruitful
and multiply ! >J -'
Such charity has made this element, has brought children to
birth and insured them a life of misery, cold, hunger, sickness. From
all institutions a certain form of degeneration must arise, because all
institutions tend in some degree to do away with individual effort.
All forms of tyranny have their beginning in kindness. Paternalism
in time hardens into oppression and checks the growth of the in
dividual man, who should become responsible to himself and for ,
himself.
Of course the conditions of life have never yet made the survival
of the fittest" the real survival of the best. The growth of civilization
approaches this end, but has never reached it. In knowledge lies the
surest remedy for most social and political evils. "What more can
be done is the work of students of social science to determine.
Dr. Amos \G. Warner has well said that the "true function of
charity is to restore to usefulness those who are temporarily unfit,
and to allow those unfit from heredity to become extinct with as little
pain as possible." Sooner or later the last duty will not be lesß im
portant and pressing 'than the first. Good blood as well as free
schools and free environment is essential to the making of a nation.
• ■• •
If charitable institutions are properly managed I think they ara
a great benefit to the community. I am interested in several of these
<$ — «► relief homes and if it had not been for
r v <; riRR<; I their existence, especially during the past
**■ Vi 3l OIDDO ' year, there would have been untold misery
vice President Crocker Home. j n m any homes, caused by the exodus of
h the heads of families for the Klondike
region last summer. The English visitors to these institutions are in
the majority of all nations in their appeals for assistance, and of all
religious denominations the Catholics, contrary to the popular opinion,
are In the minority as shown by the records. The ruined Bpend
thrifts must have another chance, somehow or somewhere, but we
were obliged to legislate against them by excluding the unmarried
of both sexes. AJI mankind's concern is charity, and "it blesses him
that gives and him that takes."
Do I think that charitable institutions create the conditions that
make them a necessity? I say no, most emphatically. I do not be-
A — £ lieve that it Is a natural instinct of hu
. lM n.nrt riiopcv manity to depend upon others for cup-
MRS. JUDGt CUKKtY, port Conditions may arise to make the
President Woman's Exchange applicant for charity unfit to labor, but
$, •<§> that Individual prefers to paddle his own
canoe as soon as the opportunity presents itself. The Woman's E*
change is a daily testimony to the fact that these institutions should
exist. It is a depot where gentlewomen reduced in circumstances can
dispose of their work and still be shielded from contact with the world.
Each consignor has a number and is charged but 10 per cent commis
sion for the sales.
Their expressions of gratitude from day to day because they are
provided a market for their industries is proof enough that these In
stitutions should exist. It has often been said that the Woman's Ex
change simply supplies women with pin-money, but that is absurd.
for each consignor is obliged to testify that she is dependent upon
her own exertions before she is given a card. For my part I should
be sorry Indeed if charities should cease to be.
I have no doubt that injudicious benevolence tends to create pau
pers. It must be so. Bui the Associated Charities Is simply a clear-
A -$> Ing-house for the various charitable so-
I rAPT ni ivpr pi nmnrcF cietles, and its work Js to deal In a sys-
CAPT. OLIVER fcLDRIDGfc, tematic way wUh tne cu i mlna tion of the
President Associated Chailt.es. one great or un i ver sal Want. During the
<$ £> year 1897 we compiled a statistical table
showing how we investigate the conditions of the needy:
Total number of cases investigated 2,559
Number of Impostors 187
Marital state of cases investigated:
Married couples 665
Widows 221
Deserted husbands and widowers 50
Deserted wives 20
Single men , , 112
Single women 47
One thousand and forty-eight could neither read nor writ*, anfl
the chief causes of distress were intemperance, insufficient employ
ment and begging as a speculation. Four hundred and elphty-two
were American born, 184 were Germans and 196 were from In land.
• * *
I do believe that charitable institutions create beggary-. I am
forced to do so by the experience of our own society. For -
<s> <S> years we had a relief home and
woe o m i n ICMTWAI much imposed upon lhat we were obli^er}
MH * r> "■ LiLicn i n«u, tfl c]ose its doors, ani now we only pro-
Preiident Em«nu-Ei Sisterhood. v;.le work for the applicants ir. need. We
<$ $ discovered that by constantly furnishing
relief we fostered that spirit bt mendicancy instead of diminishing it
and that our society, non-sectarian as it has always been, -
was another avenue for the professional begrgar. So we were obli^r.'i
to close our doors to all applicants save those who askPd for work.
These we are still helping and on the whole it is the most satisfactory
method that we have yet pursued. Education and employment are
the most potent agents yet found to eradicate the evil of pauperism.
I do not believe that charity creates the evils it is designed to
relieve. Indiscriminate charity does create them in a very limited
<p — <J> sense, but indiscriminate chnrity is the
Wll I lAM SPROULE exception— more read, about than rial. If
WILLIAM br-KUULt, v were g eneral it would create suhject g
Attorney »t Lew. for cna rity more than it would alleviate
•^ —^ distress. That wo cannot always discrim
inate in our charities is a weak reason for declining to be charitable
The charitable Impulse often £?iv«>s the sufferer the benefit nf thl
doubt. In trying to save a man from drowning we don't stop to de
cide whether he ought to be drowned. In our scheme of society th«
fit survive, the unfit go under and cry for help. So lone as som* fal
in the struggle for subsistence, whether because of inherent physical
mental or moral defect or stress of environment, bo !ong -win tin
humane seek to relieve the sufferings that follow Incapacity.FIREMEN
IN THEIR LOPESAOING WORK...
JUMP!" cried the drfTl instructor,
"tuck up your legs, . hold your
breath tight, and jump!"
The fireman in a blue sweater,
pering out of a second story win
dow thirty feet from the ground,
did not seem to relish the idea. He shoot
hl« head gravely and drew back a little,
"They're all a bit nervous about it at
first," said Engineer Fernandez, whe was
in charge of the proceedings, "He's a Hew
man. but he'll be all right >oen."
The engineer knew what he wm talking
about. He had not been drilling firemen
for years without gauging the stuff out of
which his heroic fire-fighters were made,
Sure enough, as we watched, the man at
the window gathered up his courage and
plunged boldly downward, flashing
through the air like a meteor.
There was really no danger about the
feat, it only looked a bit awkward. Be
neath in the graveled yard twelve strong
men spread themselves round the circum
ference of a strong rope net some twelve
feet in diameter, xney grMpod the thlek
outer rope with both hand*, holding their
wrists upward 30 aa to give tho maximum
of resistance. They braced themselves
against the shock, pulling backward with
all their might, and at th© same ttm§
keeping a wary eye on the Jumper abeve,
It was all over in a second. The body
plunged Into the center of the net, forcing
It inward and downward until In the mid»
die it nearly touched the ground, But tha
power of the twelve strong men offered
sufficient resistance, the Jumper escaped
unhurt. He did not, an one might i.aye
expected, rebound violently like a ball
from the net; there was no tossing effect.
He simply turned a half somersault back.
ward, and the twelve mon drew the net
back to Its original position.
There is something more than mere
muscular strength needed to perform this
net-practice eafely. The holders hay«
to be watchful to see that the Jump,
er does not miss the receptacle. By con
certed action a body of trained men enn
move the net several feet In either direc
tion within the very brief space of time
required to fall from a burning building,
Thus they can make sure of catching thci
escaping person, unless tho Jumper make
a very bad shot indeed.
At a real fire the greatest watchfulness
and skill would be necessary to lnsuro the
effective use of the net. Half-crazed suf
ferers, blinded by smoke and scorched by
heat, cooped up on the roof of pnme high
building, cannot Jump with the same skill
and accuracy as a fireman on drill. < -.;
"Some of them," remarked Engineer
Fernandez, "would be sure to miss, es
pecially the women, "but I think we could
manage to catch most. Even if the height
were too much for' the men to keep the
net from touching the ground, they would
at any rate be able to break the fall, and
the sufferer would get off with some
bruises or perhaps a broken bone. You
cannot expect a man or woman' impris
oned In a" burning building to behave .with,
the coolness of a trained fireman. Why,
there was that man we took off the cor
nirf» of the Baldwin. We Just reached him
in time, and next day. when he had got
over his fright, he came around to the
station and told us that in a couple of
minutes more he would have cut his
throat."
It Is good to know that our firemen are
so diligently practicing the use of these
r.ew life-saving devices. Every Sunday
morning one or other company of
firemen ' gathers at the Seventeenth
street station for drill. The place
Is admirably equipped for ' the pur
pose. There is a high, four-square
wooden tower, bunt like a house, and ris
ing toa height of seventy-five feet. It has
windows on each story, and is supplied
with a regular fire-escape and hose pipe.
Every kin<l of fire drill can be carried on
with the aid of the tower, but Just -at
present we are more Interested In -the new
life-saving devices -. which have been
brought from the East, and in the use of
which our firemen are rapidly becoming
skilled. The net which we have already
seen is of local manufacture, constructed'
out of the finest tiemi . exactly on the
principle of a spider's web. Experts dif
fer as to the best kind of net to be used.
In some Eastern cities they employ can
vas, and In I>ondon rubber sheeting.
Engineer Fernandez is a firm believer. In
good, old-fashioned rope. "Nothing is so
strong," he says. "Canvas may split, or
rubber stretch, but rope will never go. See
how many meshes there are! It would be
impossible for enough: of those to get rot
ten all at once to cause danger. Why, I
have tested this net by dropping a bag of
sand lnto.lt from the top of the tower.
You can imagine the force with which a
dead weight would fall from such a
height. The net showed no signs of giv
ing, but the men who held, it felt the
shock terribly. They all had sore necks
next day." . . - '
Even more interesting as a drill, and Im
portant as a life-saving , device, Is the
hook-and-lsdder exercise. It is marvelous
what trained men can do with- these sim
ple Implements. Four of them rest on tho
ground before the tower. They are mar
vels of Ingenious construction, made by a
celebrated Kansas firm in such a manner
as to combine the maximum of strength
with the minimum of weight.
Strictly speaking It is hardly right. to
call these Instruments • ladders. They do
not conform to the conventional type at
all. Instead of having two uprights with
rungs between, they consist simply of a
Btout hickory pole having short cross*
pieces at convenient Intervals.' The steps
are just wide enough to afford foothold
for a man and strong enough to bear any
weight which can be put upon them.
The pole is about fifteen feet long, and is
strengthened by a stout steel wire fast
ened along its entire length. Even if the
woOd should break or burn through, the
wire would still hold, and the ladder is
guaranteed to bear a strain of 2000 pounds,
though it weighs only twenty-five.
The hook, however. Is the most interest
ing feature of the device. The ladder ter
minates in a strong, steel arm, extending 1
at right angles for about three feet, and
slightly curved at the end. The Inner
edge Is serrated to prevent slipping, and
Is capable of taking a firm hold on wood
or store or iron.
"Take up ladders!" commands the en
gineer, and four men, girdled with 'hug©
canvas belts, rush to their posts and seize
the ladders, raising them perpendicularly
•against the wall. The belt is an essential
■feature of the equipment, quite as much
so as the ladder, for one would be useless
without the other. It is constructed of
stoat woven material, fastened by leather
thongs. It needs to be well made, for
every time It Is used the fireman trusts
his life to It. In front. Is a large steel
hook made with a spring snap, so that it
can be readily hooked onto anything.
"Scale the tower!" Is the next order,
and the eager firemen rush at the doomed
building, which is supposed Just now to be
enveloped in flame and smoke. The fire
escape is not available, and the problem
the men have to solve is the scaling cf
this seventy-flve-foot building with no
' other aid than their hooks and ladders.
The task does not daunt them; were the
structure twice as high they would at
. tack it with equal readiness.
Of course there are windows on th«
THE 6A2ff FRANCISCO CAKL, STTNDAT, MARCH 5, 1899.
( THERE ISrjM* Tl WE;T* /
' HESITATE !^ AT ANY ' MOMENT \
, THL RPPE ,' NR/HICN IS THEIR. «NIY_
II^E SAf CTY, WAY BEi
tWKNED THR<n>6Hl
t»war -withmit their aid the trick could
not be accomplished. The men work In
couples. The leader takes his ladder, and
dashes it again3t the window of the first
Story. The hook passes through the
glass, through the shutters, if there are
any, and takes a firm hold on the window
Bill, swinging freely a short distance from
the wall. The bold climber ascends and
Knaps his hook on the top of th« ladder,
swinging backward, his weight sustained
by the belt, his arms free for action. His
comrade below passes up the second lad
der; and this in its turn is attached to the
•window sill- of the next story. The leader
goes ap, the other fireman follows, and
story after Btory the process is repeated
until the top is reached. In a marvelously
Bhort time all four mon are on the roof,
line in hand, ready to haul up hose or to
rescue the imprisoned victims of the fire.
To come down Is simply a reversal of
the process, but our agile firemen know of
many a shorter cut. Each climber carries
with him, slung round his shoulder, a coil
pf stout manila rope, and with this and
his snap-hook, he has a perfect fire-escape
all ready made. At the third story of the
building, far below the rescuers on the
roof, a woman leans out of the window
Bhrieking frantically for help. The flames
have cut her off from the staircase, soon
they will burst into her room. Already
great volumes of smoke are pouring from
the window. If she ia to be saved it must
be done quickly.
The fire laddies are never at a loss. To
go down the ladders would be too slow.
Taking a couple of staples from a pouch
on his belt, the fireman quickly attaches
the rope to the cornice. In a second he
has taken a couple of turns with 'the rope
around his snap hook. With one hand he
grasps the rope underneath and boldly
throws himself over the edge.
The friction of the rope on the ring
checks his descent, he slides rapidly but
safely to the third-story window, and
dashes bravely Into the burning room.
Overcome by the smoke and heat the wo
man has fallen prostrate on the floor, but
the intrepid rescuer seizes her In his arms
and ruphes to the window.
There Is no time to hesitate, no time to
lower the victim to the ground. At any
moment the flame?, now bursting through
the upper windows, may burn the rope
•which is their only hope of safety. The
woman has just strength enough to clasp
her arms firmly around her rescuer s
neck hlB one free arm he winds tightly
around her" waist. He passes the rope
ngain around his hook, and with his fair
burden precipitates, himself from the win
dow. Together they Bllde safely, amid
the cheers of assembled thousands, to the
ground, and another gallant rescue Is
placed to the credit of our California boys
' This is what this most admirable drill
Is teaching the firemen of this city. Of
course there Is no smoke or flame, one has
to imagine these dramatic accompani
ments It would be too expensive to bum
down a fire tower every time you wanted
a realistic drill. Neither is there a dis
SALARIES THAT KINGS GET
HOW much 'do a k'ng get?" asked
one of Mark Twain's odd charac
ters, and the answer was not very
satisfactory. If we apply the title
"kin?" to each of the chief execu
tives of the great nations, there is
no wonder an answer was difficult, for the
pay of rulers varies greatly and is gov
erned by no «parent rule of proportion,
unless it is that the pay increases with
the liability to assassination. The ex
tremes of salary are illustrated by the pay
of the Czar of. Russia and the President
of Switzerland. The former gets $24,000 a
day, while the latter is happy and satis
fled -with $7 92 each twenty-four hours.
These figures are based on 365 working
day.= In the year, for monarchs are sup
posed to be always working.
Now these executives— of > Russia and
Switzerland— are at the extremes of the
rulers' payroll, the first getting $5.766.000 a
ypar. and the other $2900. Between these
extremes the other eleven nations consid
ered are scattered in a haphazard man
ner, with no uniform relation between the
amount of yearly salary and the number
of persons who must pay it. The Emperor
of Austria, with his $4,380,000 annually,
comes next under the Czar of all the Rus
slas, while President McKlnley, with his
$50,000, comes next above the President of
little Switzerland. After Austria comes
Germany, which pays Emperor William
$3,400,000; then the King of Italy, with $2,
- Shah of Persia, $2,335,000; Queen
Victoria. $1,875,000; King of Belgium. $632.
--000; King of i>orway and Sweden. $560,000;
Queen of the Netherlands. $292,000; King
of Greece, $253,000, and the President of
France $239,<XH). The latter receives
but little more regular salary than Presi
dent McKinley, but he has fixed perquis
ites that bring dis income from the State
to the amount given.
An idea of the relative proportion be
tressed, shrieking female In the case, but
a young lightweight acts the part perfect
ly well. Not that it is necessary that the
person to be rescued should be light. The
heaviest man can be saved as well as the
smallest woman. By slipping a loop
around the man's legs and then taking a
half-hitch under his shoulders he can be
lowered with perfect ease to the street.
Or if the man is coo.l and strong enough
to hold on he can take a firm grip round
the fireman's waist, allowing the body to
hang down. The two. with the aid of the
hook, can slide to the street. The same
appliances can be utilized in many other
ingenious ways, but it would take too
long to detail all the devices which our
clever firemen employ for saving life. It
1b enough to know that our Fire Depart
ment is thoroughly up to date, and that
no person will be needlessly sacrificed for
the lack of skilled
Some Duties of a Librarian.
He (the librarian) must know that the
confident society woman who asks for
"The Bajetta Woman" expects to receive
Hardy's novel. "But Yet a Woman"; that
the timid lady who asks for "Two Little
Angel Babies" is to be given "The Heav
enly Twins." He should have patience,
too. for the awkward boy who engages
him In a conversation like the following:
"I want a universal history."
"Tea. my boy; but would a history or
Europe suit you better?"
"I think It would."
"What part of Europe would you like I
"I want Great Britain."
"Yes? How about England
•Td like a book on England."
. After a pause the librarian said: Per
haps you want something on London.
"Yes. I do," brightening.
"Westminster Abbey or the Tower T
tween these amounts can he gained if you
consider one printed line of the Herald as
representing the salary of the Czar, then
a period will represent the stipend of the
President of Switzerland, and one-fourth
of the letter "n" the pay of President Mc-
Kinley. Half of a line will be the amount
the Emperor of Austria receives, and a
little more than a filth of a line what
Great Britain pays to Queen Victoria.
The amounts of the salaries of these
honored men and women bear very odd
relations to the number of persona for
whose benefit they are supposed to ad
minister laws of their own or the people's
making. Now, each subject of the Czar
has to annually pay 7 4-5 cents to his rul
er, and stands eighth on the list; while
the Persians, each of whom must yearly
pay to the Shah 30«- 4 cents, head it. Switz
erland, with the smallest population and
salary, does not pay the least per capita,
for the United States, with .07 of a cent
for each Inhabitant, Is at the bottom of
the list, Switzerland being next above,
with .08 of a cent. Turkey, with 20 cents
for each subject, naturally comes next
below Persia, and Greece, with 11 2-5
cents, comes next. Then. In the descend
ing scale, come Austria, with 10 2-5 cents
for each subject to pay to the ruler; Bel
gium. 10 1-5 cents; Italy, 9 cents: Norway
and Sweden, 8 cents: then Russia, then
Germany. 6 3-5 cents; Holland, 6 1-5;
France, 6: Great Britain, 4 3-5, and then
Switzerland and the T'nlted States.
Figures alone hardly convey to ordinary
mortals an idea of the amounts of some
of these salaries. Take, for instance, the
$5 .766.000 received annually by the Czar.
Put that amount in silver dollars, and
perhaps it will carry more of a meaning.
It would mean 274 tons of silver, and if
the dollars were piled in a single column
th°y would reach thirteen miles, or. If
plnr^d edge to edge would extend 207
mil*'; -one-half rf the distance from St.
Petersburg to Moscow.
"The teacher told me to write a compo
sition en Westminster Abbey; so if you
have a book on that It'll do."— Youth's
Companion.
Self-Sacrificing Physicians.
Few persons ieallze how much our
prominent physicians, and particularly
specialists, in great cities like New York,
Chicago or Boston give to the deserving
poor. Many of the most eminent physi
cians in the country are attached officially
to large public hospisals and give a part
of their time daily to gratuitous work
among the poor. The late Dr. J. E. H.
Nichols of New York, whose specialty
was the treatment of the throat and of
eye and ear diseases, and who was car
ried away in middle life by disease re
sulting from overwork, told a friend that
his annual donations to the poor, by his
regular daily service in ■ the hospitals,
amounted to not less thnn from- $20,000 to
$25,000. Dr. Nichols spoke French. Italian
and German as fluently as he did English,
. and this fact made him sought after by
charity patients who spoke these lan
guages. He was one of the most tender
hearted men In the profession, and his
untimely death was sad news Indeed to
many a suffering household in the poverty
stricken sections of New York.— Leslie's
Weekly.
« ♦ ■
Wife (who has been out shopping all
day) — Oh, dear, how tired and hungry I
am.
Husband — Didn't you have any lunch In
town ?
Wife — A plate of soup only: I didn't feel
that I could afford to have more.
Husband— you find the hat you
wanted?
Wife— Oh, yes; it's a perfect dream,
John, and cost only sixteen dollars.
1920
HIRE`S the Richest Farmer in America
He oWr\s Fourteen Farms ir\ Missouri and Fattens JMore Cattle
Special to The Sunday Call.
TARKIO, Mo., Feb. 2S.— A millionaire
farmer is clearly to be reckoned a sort
of latter day miracle; all the more if he
lives in Missouri, and farms all-round,
and all the year round.
Tarkio, Atchison County, Is his local
habitation, David Rankin his name. To
be strictly accurate, the Hon. David Ran
kin; he has served more than one term
In a State Legislature. He owns and
manages 23,000 acres of land in Atchi
son County worth from $50 to $100 the
. acre, and not in the market even at those
figures. He has bought every acre of it
since 1876, mostly from speculative East
ern holders, who were gleeful at getting
J6 to $10 an acre for their holdlnj be
cause the railway, you see, had passed
them by.
It gives a new idea of magnificent \\ est
crn distances to know that the Rankin
lands are scattered over an area of forty
odd miles. Yet their owner visits them
all every little while. He lives in a hand
some house lust outside the town of Tar
kio Five o'clock every flne morning finds
him in his buggy, whirling to his main
office as fast as a spanking span can car
,-y him lie finds a confidential secretary
awaiting him. A brief Interval of talk,
clear and pointed Instructions, a low
notes, mental and written: then he whips
away for a round of maybo half a dozen
of his fourteen farms before he thinks
of turning his horses' heads home.
The farms run from 600 to acres. To
work them requires between 130 and 150
hands 700 horses, more than 100 wagons,
plows! harrows, planters, cultivators
and feeders innumerable. Each ranch is
in charge of a competent foreman, who i
gets $50 a month and board. Farm hands ;
are paid $20 a month and board. Usually |
the foreman's family runs the farm
boarding house. Besides tho various fore
men there Is a farm superintendent, at a
salary many a bank official might envy.
It is questionable, however, if his best' I
endeavors are worth as much as the eye \
of the masti r.
Never Sells His Corn.
*All the land ie arable, yet but little more
than half goes yearly under plow. Per- |
haps 2000 acres are sown to wheat. The ;
remainder is planted in corn, and yields,
in average years. 800.000 bushels. Not a
grain of it is sold until it has been trans
formed Into fat stock. In addition to his
own crop Mr. Rankin buys whatever corn
his neighbors have to sell. Ha buys also
their stall: fields, after the corn is gath
ered, and turns Into them herds of cat- j
tie. to gather up their rich gleanings. Be
sides all that, he buys ton upon ton of j
cotton seed meal, for feeding. Small won
der that his lands grow and increase in
fertility under continuous cropping.
All land not under plow is laid down
in clover, timothy and blue grass pas
tures. After standing four years they are I
fallowed, and put in grain, the grain fields
meantime going back into grass. Thus
part of the soil, originally as rich as any
In the world, is always resting.
Once at least his Iron-clad rule apair.Et
the sale of corn led him into a funny mis
take. It Is, of course, quite Impossible
a raan who owns so many teams and hires
fo many drivers to kepp all of them ac
curately in mind. But there is an infal
l!Hr> Rankln ear-mark— at Least Mr. Ran
kln himself thought so for a good while.
It Is the wagon harness. He u.=es the
old fashioned trace chains, as being both
cheaper, handler aid more lasting than
the new-fangled outfits of straps and
leather. So whenever he meets a team so
acroutered, he naturally sets it down as
part of his property. Some little time
back he met a four-horse team, brave in
chain harness, drawing a b)'p load of corn
through Tarkio streets. The sight of it
6et him wild. "Thou shalt not sell corn:"
was a sort of eleventh commandment
with him.
A favorite expression with him. and one
that he uses to give vent to his feelings.
Is "Set fire," repeated two or three times
quite- rapidly. On this occasion he com
menced with "Set fire! Bet fire!: What
are you doing here with that corn?" The
driver calmly replied that he had brought
it (o town to sell. This gave rise to a re
newed storm of "Set fires," but fortunate
ly some one who knew the man came
forward and explained matters. He was
a farmer who had adopted Mr. Rankln's
Ptyle of harness, and it was his own corn
that he had brought to town to sell.
Fattens Thousands of Cattle.
Mr. Rankin fattens more cattle than j
any other man in the world. Every year j
he buys and fattens eight to ten thousand
head. The bulk of them come from Tex
as, though Kansas, Nebraska, lowa and
Missouri are fair sources of supply. He j
has been known to buy SOCK) head in a ■
bunch, and pay on them a freight bill of ]
*23,000. He has Just now bongUt 6000 head
of Texas cattle to be delivered next No
vember, paying for. them $30 a head. His
shipments of fat cattle begin in June.
From the Ist of June to the Ist. of Sep
tember he ships two or. three train loads
each week.
■He keeps 10,000 .to 12,000 head of ,hogs all
the time, and fiells fat. ones to the value
of SSO.OOO yearly. All these he raises. ■In
fact he never buys a pig. except. for. the
Irfusicn of new blood into his breeding
stock Some years back, while there was
money In horses, he undertook the breed-,
«rur of draftght beasts, and built upon his
"home farm just outside of . Tarklo a
horse barn very much up to date. It cost
JlO 000 rind is ; an ; octagonal brick ' building,
fou<- Btories high. It ie lighted through
out with electricity, j Each stall has its
own incandescent lamp, and the cupola
an are light which turns - midnight Into
day all over the barnyard. .
David Bankin Personally. •
It Is worth while to look a.llttle. Into
the genesis of this man and his fortune.
Physically he is tall, ■ raw-boned, sinewy,
with keen blue eyes, a - weather beaten
face, gray hair and beard. Primitive to
a degree, yet without roughness, he
knows life, knows men, yet has never got
far from the soil. It floes not astonish
TKar\ /\rvy Otker JMan in the World
you to find that he was aa a young man
a follower and ardent admirer of Abra
ham Lincoln. He grew up in Illinois.
Though he was born in Sullivan County.
Indiana, May 28. 1825. The Hankins were
of Scotch-Irish strain. David's father, a
poor farmer, mur.t have been something
HOW JHE GROWN OF INDIA ISGAfZD FROJVI TJ4E QREAT JVI/\IJL/\ND SJORM.
ONE of the victims of "the great Maitland storm"-the most disastrous hurricane that ever visited the coast of Australia-reached port last Saturday. She is the British rour-maated barJj
Crown of India, but from her trim appearance, alow and alofr, as she sailed in through the Golden Gate, no one would ever think that less than nine months ago th» captain and
crew had been huddled together in her after cabin for fourteen days, hourly expecting the stout ship to go d>wn i fh» «* rt ™ „„.
On the morning of May 5. 1898, the Crown of India was towed out of Newcastle, N. S. W., on her way to San Francisco. At 1:30 p. m. the tug cast her off At midnight the storm came
up and caught the ship on a lee shore. It was then a question of carrying on sail or going on the rocks. Up to 1:30 p. m. of the 6th the sticks stood the strain, then the foremast carried
away twenty feet above the deck, the main topmast eight feet below the lower cap, while the mizzen topgallant mast went by the board.
For fourteen days the dismasted vessel lay like a log within five miles of the Seal Rocks. How she escaped going on that dangerous reef is a miracle Captain Corkhill cannot explain
Vessels came and went, in the distance, but no one offered To go to the Crown of India's assistance. The Japanese steamer Tokio Maru and one of the A U. S. N. fleet passed her by. but
were in too much fear for their own safety to go near the disabled ship. Just when Captain Corkhill and his men had given up all hope the American four-masted schooner. Golden Shore,
lumber laden from Puget Sound for Adelaide, came along and immediately bore down on the derelict. "I never saw a man handle a vessel better said Captam Corkhill. Captain Rasmus
sen brought his schooner around under our Ftern, and in spite of the waves, which were rolling mountains high, he rounded too under our lee. He could do nothing for us as I would not
abandon the ship, but he steered away out of his course and beat up toward Newcastle to send us assistance. Captain Rasmussen was 'the man that did stand by. Later we were picked
up and towed into Sydney, N. S. W., where it. took six months to repair our damages." »,«♦— r^r,* i~ „ «-
During "the great Maitland storm" fourteen vessels went down with all hands. At the time the Crown of India towed out of Newcastle the barks Pndo and Hunter went in company
with her. Neither of them was ever heard of again. One of the apprentice boys on the Crown deserted in Newcastle and shipped on a coaster. The vessel he shipped on went down In the
hurricane and he lost his life. «_««.«.
The passenger steamer Maitland, with over a hundred souls aboard, went down in sight of land. The beach was thronged with people eager to lend assistance but out of all aboard only
five were saved. It was from the loss of this steamer the hurricane got its name. It is no wonder therefore that Captain Corkhill when speaking of his own and his crew s rescue says that
they "came out of the jaws of death."
STUDIES OF. A WELUKNOVfIf WAX-FIGURE MAKER
THE SAN FR.ANCISCO GALL, SXJ^DAT, MARCH 5, 1899.
of a nomad. He moved many times be
tween the Indiana home and the final set
tling Jn what is now Henderson County,
Illinois. David quit the schools at the
age of 11, and set to work for his living.
Began Business With One Colt.
Doubtless he earned something more,
but it all went in the family fund. When
he was free, his father gave him a colt,
the first thing he ever owned. Most smart
youngsters would have Been in it a pros
pective saddle horse. David was another
sort. He sold the colt for $52, and put
the money in calves, to grow while he
woTked for more. Pretty soon he had
the chance to buy an eighty-acre farm.
It took grit to go in debt for it. with
wheat at 25 cents a bushel and firewood
$1 the cord. Those were the prices Da
vid's father had got for what he had to
cell. Still David bought the farm.
j Inside of four years he had paid for
it, with money earned mostly by break
ing prairie. The virgin sod Is too tough
for horses or mules. It must be turned
with the slow, steady draught of oxen.
David Rankln managed to buy a pair.
His breaking plow, a special lmple
-1 ment, he made himself by help of a local
j blacksmith. He had no money to buy
i the necessary iron, but a friend stood se
i curity, so he got it, and thus was enabled
literally to set his hand to the plow.
It is no wonder he loves land, and pre
fers it to all other investments. From the
first it has prospered him amazingly,
though from the first he haa seldom sold
i crude products. That first eighty-acre
i farm had a herd of cattle on It even be
' fore it was paid for. So driving and thriv
ing, the master of it came to own 3000
acres by the time the Civil War began.
That era of inflation sent prices too high
for his judgment. He kept on buying un
til he had 8000 acres, then went West.
Atchison County has much more than
Justified his choice of a new residence.
It is no longer a region of one railway.
A new one, the Tarkio Valley, runs right
through the middle of it. and Tarkio
town, a beautiful and thriving village, has
grown up magically in its eighteen years
of life. Naturally Rankin interests pre
dominate. David Rankin Is president
and principal shareholder Jn the town s
First National Bank, as well as president
of the Electric Light and Power Com
pany, the Water Company, the Rankin
Auditorium Company and the- Tarkio
Brick and Tile Company. These various
! enterprises represent the investments of
! over $100,000 of Rankin money. In ad
! dition to them Mr. Rankin has trade rela
tions with most of the trade centers and
is in close touch with moneyed men all
over the country.
Founds a College.
Surpassingly rich, he has forgotten
what it means to be poor. As becomes his
blood, he is a Presbyterian, and strives
: to live his religion as well as to believe j
It. Liberal in support of his church and !
her works, he can be depended on to be j
as liberal to any good cause, especially j
I the cause of education. Tarkio College
alone has received from him nearly $100,
--! 000. He had given to the institution above
$25,000, when flre destroyed the main build- I
ing. He at once offered $25,000 toward re- :
1 building if as much could be raised else- I
' where. Since then he has had a stand- |
ing offer to give to the college a dollar ;
for every dollar contributed outside. By
his help, the college has put up its pres- j
ent magnificent buildings, and holds its ;
place among high-class Western institu
tions of learning. Needless to add, Mr. j
Rankin's picture appears upon the college i
I button, or that his unique and original j
I objurgation "Set flre" makes an impor- |
i tant part of the college yell.
H© has been liberal to other schools
1 than his home college, to other churches
ithan his own United Presbyterian.
Perhaps that Is how a certain man and
brother of African, descent came to rely i
'so confidently upon Mr. Rankln as the j
i lord's almoner. The brother lived in a j
! Tennessee town, and combined in his own
person the offices of pastor of a church j
and principal of a school. Church and j
school were In deßperate need of money. !
The pastor told his brethren if only tley i
would raise money to send him to Tarkio ;
the Lord and Mr. Rankln would do the j
rest. Bo to Tarkio he came, saw and at j
first did not conquer. Mr. Rankln heard j
him with patient kindness— ho even sent i
courteous answers to the most barefaced :
begging letters— but answered with em- j
phaßis, which no doubt seemed to the
trustful listener harsh, that help was out
Of the question; he had all he could do j
to furnish aid to his home college, his
church, and his church's school society.
The black man looked at him aghast.
Pale he could not grow, but no words
j came— he tried to move to go away, but j
tottered, and fell fainting, utterly strick- j
en by the shattering of his trust. In the j
end his trusting conquered. When he
went home a little later he. had in his
pocket the necessary $300. David Rankln
had given two hundred of it. The rest
came from his son and the employes of j
his office.
"Remember the Sabbath day to keep it
holy" is a living law upon every foot of
Rankin land. By way of helping his men
to keep It, Mr. Rankln stipulates In the
beginning that Monday shall be pay day.
As they are paid off weekly he thinks It
wise to minimize Sunday temptations. He
does not relish the thought that a man
may waste his earnings In an hour, and
leave his family in want before next
week's money comes in.
WAX FIGURES That Gan Almost Talk
It pcqvires Qreat/Art to JVIaUe Jnem, bvjt JKis Country is Beating
Europe at the Business.
Special to The Sunday Call.
Tfce creation of a perfect wax figure is
as great a triumph of art as the success
ful portrayal of life upon canvas. It takes
ac great a genius to accomplish this as to
chisel from marble a laughing naiad, or
to perpetuate mythology in statuesque
bronze.
There are good and bad creators of wax
figures, a3 there are daubers and painters,
but nowhere in the universe is so great a
variety of the sort of folk who make wax
figures found as in the United States. Nor
can any other country lay claim to such
artistic work in that line as cornea into
being here.
Nine-tenths of the wax figures of the
world are made in this country- A few
years ago Germany and Italy held the
fame and won the reward, but home pro
duction has forged to the front in this
regard so strongly that, as statistics show
RUSSELL SAGE On the Extravagances of the Rick.
I HAD asked Mr. Sage for an opin
ion upon the money mistakes of
the late Calvin S. Brice.
Mr. Sage would not talk on this
subject, but he did express himself
upon the extravagances crt New
York life as above quoted.
Sage spoke earnestly. He was in
slippered ease at home after the day's
toil had been compensated for in some
measure by a before-dinner nap. The
most democratic of all millionaires had
come down to see me in his stocking
feet, carrying his shoes in his hand.
The picture reminded me of the stories
of the simple and unaffected manners
of Lincoln and Silas Wright. Russell
Sage is a gentleman of the old school
and you take him as you find him, and
you find him natural.
As usual, Mr. Sage gave voice to a
theory prolific in surprises. It is not a
growth of love of luxury which prompts
the amazing expenditure of money by
century-end New Yorkers.
"What Induces these unreasonable
outlays of money on personal ac
counts," said Mr. Sage, "is not the
gratification of luxurious tastes and
Impulses. You understand me, that it
is not, but it is an obnoxious desire to
make an appearance before the public
which will attract the attention of the
public.
"Why, my dear young man, I asßure
you it is a fact, a surprising fact, that
men endure unwarranted expenditures
of money on their living account which
are made for no otuer purpose than
to excite the jealousies of their neigh
bors.
"How wicked that is— yes, I^may say
It is wicked. I do not say that a man
is to be so much blamed for spending
largely to gratify the hrmest tastes of
himself and his family for expensive
luxuries — horses, carriages, pictures,
music and things of such sort.
"But these are not the wrecking ex
travagances." '
the merchandise record, we have exported
far more- than we have Imported.
While there are not more than fifty per
sons in the United States who can con
struct a figure in wa* perfect, lifelike, the
work itself gives employment to a. host of
people, for in the actual work of putting
! a figure together almost every step Is a
trade by itsolf. This is where trade, and
I profession go hand in hand, for the. artist
! loses none of his art, though he calls the
tradesman to his aid.
The fact that the average Bpan of life
of a wax figure is twelve years makes
the substitution feature an important one.
It la the making of figures over and over
again which makes the profession or In
j dustry. as you choose to call it, as' proflt
; able as it is. There are the same ex
penses to be met in originating a figure
in wax as fall upon a painter when he
puts his ideas on canvas.-models and
paints— and it comes about in this way:
elucidated! that the BUbJeCt bS fUrth6r
-/'Well, it Is like this sal(J Mr Sage
nr°t U >f l tfully: " Men by thls investment
or that investment acquire interests
com^rfaYle'&mr "^ S&y ' * f * lrly
"What do they do?
™ 3 h^ y &o abroad. They meet people
who have been accustomed to all the
extravagances of another kind of life
for generations. Perhaps they are per!
mltted. to lift the skirt of a Prince's
CQ&t, . ... ,
Mr. Sage paused thoughtfully
oki *i\" he continued. "It is a remark
able thing that. if an American goes
abroad and happens to lift the skirt of
a Princes coat he returns home and at
once eets about to spend money in a
N HtVrj nVl T e c E iticism - Yes, to invite
criticism. la that, not strange? But
it is a fact.
.'.'Young: man; I have observed the ar
rival rise, fall and departure of such
men during my business career of ix
ty-four years— yes, sixty-four years
I have seen them spending money—
and money is hard to come by and easy
to go— for no other purpose than to ex
cite, envy.
"Now, how wrong, how foolish!
■ ,'To xc te envy is to make enemies,
That is not its worst consequence.
Men who have a fairly comfortable in
come, let .us say men whose invest-
SS«a5 are made so as to net them from
$50,000 to $100,000 a year, not satisfied
with living in the simple comfort which
reasonable economy would safely af
ford, proceed.to live in a manner which
is obnoxious, which excites criticism,
and they establish a standard of lfving
which their, incomes do not warrant and
then they make an inroad on their cap
ital. -':'■'
"That 13 fatal!
"Let me explain: If a young man is
running an elevator, let us say, and Is
paid, perhaps, $10 a week, and his mode
of life is such that he is not always in
the best physical condition to run that
elevator, he impairs his capital as much
aa the man who has an income of $100,
First, the sculptor— for only the sculpt
or can successfully follow the craft of
making wax figures— secures his model.
It Is necessary for him to work alto
gether from life, and that means In the
nude. There is no difficulty whatever In
securing beautifully proportioned figure?,
hut It Is the face which causes the most
trouble. If the sculptor wishes to be par
ticularty true to life he does not carp 5
Idealize if that can be avoided. Therefore
he tries many models until he finds one
w"hose features are such as to be capable
of reproduction in wax and still preserve
their beauty.
The model secured the molding of th»
clay begins, and it is here that the
sculptor's early, lessons in clay modeling
are of the greatest use to him, for if he
has neglected these In any way he might
better say good-by to the wax figure and
try something else. The clay having been
satisfactorily molded a plaster cast of the
model is made. When the plaster is har
dened sufficiently melted wax !s poured
into it through an opening in the head.
right where all humanity Is born with
a soft spot. This opening Is closed and
wax and cast are allowed to stand twenty
minutes. By this time the contents of the
cast have partly cooled, part of the. top
of the head been removed and such ef tho
wax as has not adhered to the cast is
poured out into the big receptacle used
for that purpose.
The amount of wax that has adhered to
the plaster is generally about an inch In
thickness. The plaster is broken from It
and then the wax !i washed in turpentine
in order that it may be hardened, after
which it is sandpapered. "While the gen
eral contour of the faro has been retained
during this casting process, the eyea and
the mouth must be formed. This is the
sculptor's first task, and he curves th«
opening for the eyes and Inserts the glass
orbs, for the eyes of every figure are of
glass.
It 13 by no means the case that a figure
is always constructed in one piece. Mnrn
often, to expedite matters, the Umba,
trunk and head are cast separately, and
when this is the case, one individual at
tends to each part. When the different
sections of the figure are complete they
are wired together, all but the head and
bust. These are in the hands of a young
woman, who is engaged In putting on th*
hair. Most persons have an idea that wax
figures wear wigs, but they do nothing
of the sort. Each separate hair is fas
tened In as tightly as nature has fastened
the hair on a person. Nor Is the hair man
ufactured. It is all human and comes al
most entirely from Germany.
The task of placing this hair in the fig
ure's head is a rather tedious one. A
needle, just a trifle larger than a hair, Is
used to puncture the wax, and in this
puncture the young woman places the end
of the hair. Then she presses the wax
tightly against it. This process is con
tinued until a regulation head of hair is
affixed. The most delicate task of this
sort is affixing the eyelashes and eye
brows. These are so conspicuous that the
slightest error has an ill effect.
Again, there Is always the danger that
the eyelids will break if the pressure upon
them is too great, and this practically
means the ruin of the figure— or at least
the head and bust. This work is done, in
every case, with the view of the closest
Inspection being given, and if It is pro
nounced perfect the chances are that any
flaw which exists will be visible only to
the eyes of an expert.
The task of affixing hair, eyelashes and
eyebrows complete, the figure 1b ready for
inspection, and if this is satisfactory it is
shipped to the purchaser. The best of
these figures are so lifelike that if the
light be Otherwise than bright only close
inspection will reveal the fact that the fig
ure is of wax. Of course these works of
art— for they are nothing else— are high
priced and range from $200 to $300.
A fairly good figure can be secured for
a sum considerably lower, but the very
best work always comes high. The $6 sort
are to the figures dsecribed about as the
fearful daubs sometimes termed paintings
are to the work of the brushes of the Aca
demicians. They are cheap, and yet dear
at any price.
The wax used in the manufacture of
these figures in the pure white refined
beeswax. It comes from Texas, Califor
nia and South America, and the average
price Is 20 cents a pound. To make the
head and bust of a figure from eight to
ten pounds of wax are needed, while a
half figure takes from fifteen to seventeen
pounds. The hands and forearms of a fig
ure are generally solid wax, but all the
rest Is a mere shell.
In the studios where these figures are
constructed every nationality is represent
ed that Is ordinarily found in the ranks
of the workers. As no particularly artistic
taste is required to perform the mechan
ical tasks of figure work, there is little
evident among the workmen. The mold
ers, those who put on the hair, eyebrows
and eyelashes, receive from $20 to $24 a
week, as do those who finish and paint the
figures. The other salaries range from
about $10 to 515 per week. The wax re
ceives a certain portion of color when it
is melted by being mixed with artists"
paint, therefore the painting of the figure
consists in the coloring of the features.
All the larger museums of the country
make their own wax figures. Each estab
lishment is presided over by a sculptor of
high ability. Time was when an artist
who engaged In a task of this sort was
looked down upon by his professional
brethren, but that day is past. Mrs Jar
ley's Wax Works are no longer considered
in trade.
-000 and spends $110,000. The principle
is the same."
I asked the Wall street veteran if he
had an instance in mind which could
be quoted of a $100,000-a-year man over
spending. Mr. Sage looked as if he
doubted the questioners sincerity, and
then said: "I could name a hundred in
stances, but it would not be charitable
to do so. In a recent case— of course
1 shall not mention or indicate any
name— a man died who is supposed to
be worth $20,000,000.
"Well, such figures are exaggerated.
Now they are exaggerated, foolishly
exaggerated, in my case. But the world
believes the man I speak of to be worth
many millions, surely."
Mr. Sage regarded the toe of his com
fortable slipper before he added, "I will
not say what my estimate of his wealth
was. That makes no difference. Of
course I am in various affairs and it
comes legitimately to my knowledge
that gentlemen are sometimes not
worth all that they are credited with.
"But let us speak of his case. He dies
and his estate is found to be worth
about the sum he spent annually — and
the liabilities of the estate are not yet
known.
"What pleasure, what moral gratifi
cation, did that man get out of his un
warranted expenditures?
"None.
"But, mark you, the evil of such a ca
reer is not to be found in the history of
that individual. He sets an example.
He did not gratify a laudable ambition.
He— and I speak of him as a type—
gratified but a conceited pride. But in
doing so he excited to unwarranted ex
penditures the man whose income was
only a little less, and he in turn excited
the conceit of a man with still a little
less, and so the unfortunate example
extended down, down, down in this
town where display fs so brazen and
purposely open until it affected the
C ] er j{— even the shopgirl, porhaps— who
tried to make a $5 a week salary pur
chase the display only justified by an
Income of $6 a week."SAN" DIEGO, Jan. 80.— The last stand
made by Indian Ravages on this
continent is at Tlburon Island In.
the Gulf of California. The Yaquls,
unconquered from time immemo
rial have at last patched up a
neac« with the Mexican Government. The
Apaches, terrible by reputation and in
reality are pretty thoroughly cowed and
Scattered The Utes. as bloodthirsty as
the Apaches. ar» surrounded by miners
BARNUM'S ADVICE TO YOUNG MEN
On How to Succeed in Life.
From a Manuscript That Has Just Been Discovered Among the Great Showman's
Private Papers.
fortune."
Phinea* T. Bamnm-the greatest show
nan the world ha. ever known-took ad
,antage of th« "tide in the affairs of
hen ■• and it Rave him fame and fortune.
[-he 'great showman loved young people.
*c took keen enjoyment In making the
rreatest Bnow on earth" °* P«"cular ln
erest to children, and when the en.l-
Iren" had grown to manhood and woman
-l Ood he took the same Interest in them.
But it was his interest In young men
hat led him. on his deathbed-being un
ible to write-to dictate at the closing of
i-s useful life his advice. to young men
ust starting down the stream of life s
o-urney. In his last words to young men
,c summed up the experience of his own
lfe The great showman was a believer
n "honesty Is the best polic>-. And an in
erestlng incident Is related of him which
s timely now that his advice is published
or the first time, because Mr. Barnum
[wells much upon honesty.
"Well" said Barnum to a friend. in
S4l, "lam going to buy the American
"Buy it!" exclaimed the astonished
riend, who knew the showman had not
• doHar. "What do you intend to buy it
7 "Brass," was the prompt reply, "for
liver- and gold have I none." _
Francis Olmstead. who owned the Mu
eum building, consulted numerous refer
nces. all telling of a "good showman who
rould do as he agreed," and accepted a
reposition to give security for the pur
haser. Six months later Mr. Olmstead
appened to enter the ticket office at noon
ml found Barnum eating for dinner a few
Hcos of bread and some corned beef. _
'•Is this the way you eat your dinner?
c asked. .
"I have r.ot eaten a warm dinner since
bought the museum, except on the Snb
ath; and I Intend, never to eat another
ntil I get out of debt," was Barnum s
eply. .;'•• - :
Barnum paid for the museum before
hat year was out.
The man who rode a horse In his youth
or 10 cents a day said that we live in a
ow and exceptional age; that America
3 another name for Opportunity; that
haracter to power-i. Influence; it makes
and freighters, who promptly kill them
off if they begin a raid. All these Indians
are more or less civilized or toned down
by contact with the whites. The Seris of
Tlburon alone are savages, pure and sim
ple, with heathen rites and brutish cus
toms.
It ha« been pretty generally disproved,
however, that the Seris are cannibals.
Once it was declared with posltlveness
that they ate human flesh. The Mexicans
friends, creates funds, draws pat- !
ronage and support, and opens a sure and
easy way to wealth, honor and happi
ness. As there Is nothing in the world
great but man, there fa nothing truly
great in man but character.
His object in writing his advice to
young men was to encourage, inspire and
stimulate those who long to be somebody,
to do something In the world, but feel
that they have no chance.
Barnum died on April 8. 1891. The man
uscript, dictated and signed December 6,
IS9O, was held In the hope that he might
elaborate it by writing of other phases of
life. After his death the manuscript was
stowed away and Barnum's last words
to young men have never reached them
until now. The manuscript is now in a
*Cew Yorkers autograph collection.
Young Americans will do well to follow
the great showman's advice, which Is
printed exactly as he dictated and signed
it, including Mr. Barnum's own "heads."
• • •
ADD to your equipments typewrit
ing and stenography, both of
which will be useful to you,
either as employe or employer.
I believe the time Is not far dis
tant when both will be an Integral part
of a business educatio^ just as much so
as arithmetic.
Choice of Business.
Choose carefully the work most con
genial and for which you feel most
fitted. If you cannot find it at once
take the next best place you can get
and do your best in it, whatever it may
be. You will be forming habits of sys
tematic industry which will be invalu
able to you when you find the right
thing, and you will prove to yourself
and to others the capacity for work
that is in you. Don't wait for the place
you want in an idleness which will fill
you with chimerical Ideas and visionary
longing for the impossible opportunities
to become rich at one bound. Idle wait
ing demoralizes the waiter, and no
body wants the man who is content to
"All things come to him who waits,"
but it is the manner of the waiting that
insures the coming of all thingß, If you
do your best always for your employer,
as much as for yourself, you will surely
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALX,, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
LAST
SAVAGES ON THE
CONTINENT
of Sonora, who see more or less of tho
Serfs, especially the women, declare that
the Indians are not eaters of human flesh.
They eat' raw flesh, however, either of
animals or fish, and esteem burro meat
above all others.
The bucks of the Seri tribe used occa
sionally to visit the Mexican ranches of
Ran Francisco de Costa Rica and Santa
Ana, owned by Don Pascual Enclnas. The
Costa Rica ranch is fifteen miles from the
gulf, and the nearest settlement to Tlbu
ron. Santa Ana ranch is north of Costa
Rica. Both are cattle and horse ranches,
feeding thousands of head. The vaqueros
are young Mexicans and Papago Indians,
with occasionally a Yaqui. The Papagos
have the reputation all through the
Southwest of being the best fighters i
among the Indians. They are better rifle
shots than the Apaches or Seris, and
stick to a trail longer. The Seris are In
mortal dread of the Papagos, for the lat
ter never let up In the chase when once
they are aroused. The Apaches, too, have
been "cleaned out" several times by the
Papagos.
The Sonora country opposite Tiburon
Island Is level and covered with brush—
palo flerro or lronwood, mesquite, palo
verde, garambullo. etc. Occasionally
there is a giant suhuaro cactus, holding
its great arms -up as if supplicating for
rain. The streams run only in the rainy
season, and therefore It is necessary to
' dig wells to supply livestock. It was in
find your right vocation. But until you
do, take the advice of the inscription
over the fireplace of Luther'a house
and "do the next thynge."
Good Habits.
Keep your brain free from the fumes
of alcohol, your blood free from its
taint. Avoid tobacco, as the poison it
really Is. Keep yourself clean physi
cally and morally. Give your body the
care you would give to any machine of
which you require good work.
Honesty the Best Policy.
There Is no such thing as a trifling
dishonesty, but there may be dishon
esty for a trifling gain, and many a
man has ruined his financial future by
what he felt was a very slight lapse.
I knew of one man who lost a lucra
tive position of trust which he had held
many years, when it was found that
he had had his private account for coal
Incorporated in his employer's bill. I
myself discharged a valuable assistant
who helped himself to my postage
stamps for his own correspondence. At
one tim© I was about to embark In a
business venture of considerable mag
nitude with a man who had Impressed
me favorably.
While our arrangements were pend
ing I gave him money to buy for him
self and me two theater tickets. Us
ing my name he secured complimentary
tickets, but took my money and let me
think he had bought them. A casual
glance at the tickets showed me a man
ager's private mark which I recognized,
and I had no more dealings with a
man to whom I had been afcout to en
trust hundreds of thousands of dol
lars. Large employers are obliged to
sift carefully their men and reject the
unreliable.
A Good Name.
Make strictest integrity the rule of
every business art. Do this because it
is right and not solely and chiefly be
cause "honesty is the best policy." If
your word is always"your bond," If no
pleasure nor persuasion will induce you
to be in the smallest degree dishonest,
you have already one of the main ele
ments of success. Strict integrity can
no more be hidden than "love, a cough,
smoke and money," and commands a
price in the labor market proportionate
to its excellence and scarcity. How
rare it Ib, Is perhaps only realized by
digging the first well !n that country, at
Costa Rica ranch, that Pedro Encinas,
son of old Don Pa6cual, almost lost his
life through Seri treachery.
Young Encinas had no help except the
Seris, who at that time frequently crossed
to the mainland in their catamarans at
a place called the Embßroadero. The Se
ris profepsfd the greatest friendship with
the white man. But the white man car-
rled a rlfla and six-shooter constantly,
and never permitted a situation where
the Indians would have him at a dis
advantage. For instance, he would never
descend Into the well unless some of the
Indians preceded him. He knew he would
be stoned to death in an instant by the
treacherous brutes. But with some of
their number In the well fie felt safe. In
this manner the well was slowly sunk to
a depth of 150 feet. The only means of
hoisting was a windlass.
One day young Enclnaa had occasion
to ascend to the surface. He stuck his
foot In the rope and gave the signal.
There were two Indians in the well, and
the others were at the top hoisting. When
the Seris had hoisted Encinas half way
they suddenly stopped.
The Mexican Instantly fell a chill of
horror. He knew mischief was brewing,
with his life as the forfeit if the Indians
could catch him napping. But, steady-
Ing his voice, he called out, asking why
they stopped.
large employers looking for trust-wor
thy subordinates and rich men seeking
reliable executors. This comprehensive,
far-reaching quality of unflinching
trustfulness and honesty affects all
who conic In contact with It and Im
plies respect In the most unscrupulous.
Of one of my employes who had this
virtue in Its fullest development. I
could tell many apposite and amusing
stories. Many men are more brilliant,
some are more amiable, but none are
more valued and liked.
On one occasion the giant Chang,
who had lost by death the trusted
agent who had served him for many
years, was referred to this aid of mine
by a candidate for the vacant place.
On asking Mr. as to his knowl
edge of the applicant's character and
capacity, he received the reply "Have
nothing to do with him, he is an un
scrupulous rascal." Naturally, Chang
did not engage the man so described.
Next day the disappointed applicant, in
| great disgust and vexation, accosted
' Mr. with "Why did you say such
! abominable things of me to Chang?"
"Simply," said Mr. , "because
they are true." It sometimes happens
that the canvas men of my great
show and their paymasters do not take
exactly the same view of salaries due,
and many times It has happened that
the dissatisfied person has said, "Well,
I'll leave it to Mr. ; If he says it
is all right, It is right." The value of
a man whose word Is taken unhesi
tatingly by his chief and subordinates
must be apparent to the veriest tyro
in business.
Benefit to Children.
Not only to yourself but to your chil
dren will your good habits, good mor
als and good name be incalculable bles
i sings. We know that unfortunately
goodness is not Invariably transmitted
from parent to child. We see it every
day, and if we were tempted to over
look it, we should be reminded of it by
pessimistic proverbs, apropos of
"black sheep In every fold," "clergy
men's sons," etc. But your son has
just as much chance of inheriting your
moral tendencies as he has of inherit
ing your blue eyes or black hair. His
morals may be the duplicate of yours,
just as much as his physique may.
Tour name, good c-r bad, he must in
herit and be helped or handicapped
thereby. You can give him no riche3
that can compare with a good name
and a good example. The men who
know what you are will expect the samn
of your son, and until he has proved
whatmetal he is made of they will "giv.i«
him the benefit of the doubt," and he
can get a better position and more
easily than a young man of whose fam
ily nothing, or nothing good, is kno/wn.
I could give you many Instances of
this, but one illustration will suffice.
One of my head men has two young
sons. A friend of mine who has gained
great wealth by industry, shrewdness
and that business capacity, one great
element ot which is the power to read
character and determine "who will make
the best employes, offered to the eldest
"No puedo trabajar mas," was the re
ply. "El muchacho muy cansado." ("I
cannot work any more. The boy Is very
tired.")
Young Encinas meantime hung between
top and bottom, facing deafh. He rapidly
surveyed the situation, but saw that he
could do nothing. Thanks to his precau
tion In having the Indians in the well,
he felt assured that the men at the wind
las would not dare to let him drop, thus
killing some of their own people. He
heard, nevertheless, with a great deal of
foreboding, the mutterisgs of the savages
above his head. Finally, after an hour of
horrible suspense, the Indians returned to
the creaking windlass and pulled him out.
Apparently their simple minds saw an
excellent chance to kill him, but they
could not devise the way to do it without
killing some of their own number.
Since the Seris murdered Captain George
Porter and Sailor John Johnson at Tibu
ron Island something over a year ago, the
bucks have kept away from the Mexican
ranches. They stick closo to the island,
and live on fish and turtle. The women
have only recently resumed their visits
to the ranches, to pick up a little prop
erty in the way of cast-off clothing, etc.
On these visits they put on all their cloth-
Ing, leaving none at all on the island.
But at best they are In rags, not sufficient
to hide their nakedness. In squalor and
depth of degradation they cannot be com
pared with any other Indians of the West.
On one of the women recently visiting
the ranch was a large mantle made of
pelican skin. The skins of five or six
pelicans are used to make their wraps.
With these and the hides of wildcats the
Indians manage to cover themselves in
very cold weather. At other seasons they
go naked. They have no houses whatever,
their abiding places being merely tempo
rary camps on the bare ground, with a
campfire sometimes awl sometimes not.
If they are hard pressed for shelter they
take the tops of two adjoining bushes
and draw them together and tie them,
finding a little shelter underneath.
Efforts have been made time and time
again by the Mexicans and by American
scientists to discover the tribal customs
and laws of the Seris. Very little infor
mation is obtainable. This is for the rea
son that no one man. Mexican or Ameri
can, Is safe among the Indians, and the
savages themselves give little light on
their home life. It is known that until
recently there were two chiefs, onch ap
parently with equal power— Mata de Maiz
(Corn Stalk) and Pelado (Peeled). Pelado
is dead, and his successor is not known.
So far as ascertainable these chiefs are
the repository of all power. At the same
time the tribe has customs of unknown
antiquity over which the chiefs have no
control.
son, as soon as he left school, a place
in his office. By and by, he said, "I
want the younger boy also, for I like
the stock.". The father of these boyß,
an orphan, and without any extraneous
aid, rose In England from direst pov
erty to competence. His sons, in this
land of larger opportunities and with
the heritage of their father's good
name and the incalculable advantage of
his example and training, may become
— ability commands • success.
When A. T. Stewart was in the first
flush of enthusiasm over his plan of
building a model city, he sent for a
skilled architect, a relative of mine, of
whose ability and honesty he had the
highest opinion. Laying before the man
his scheme, dilating on the beauty and
sanitation of which he proposed - to
make his Garden City the incarnation,
he ended by saying: "Now, I want you
to take entire charge of this thing and
carry it through. \ Make the contracts,
see that they are correct and-carried
out aright, pay all bills, etc." The arch
itect heard him through, then said
very quietly. "Mr. Stewart, the man
you want is doing business for himself."
"Who Is he?" inquired Mr. Stewart
with quick curiosity and the evident
intention of securing him at any price.
"Any man," said the architect, "who
has the knowledge and ability to do
what you require Is inevitably at the
head of an army. of subordinates. ; Such
skill and executive. ability never stays
in the ranks." i'
PHINEAS T. BARNUM.
.■ ♦ »
According to the laws of good society In
China young widows should not remarry.
Widowhood is therefore held in the high
est esteem, and the older the widow
efows the more agreeable her position be
comes Should she reach 50 years she
may, by applying to the Emperor, get a
sum 'of* money with which to buy a tab
let on which her virtues are named. The
tablet is placed over the door of the prin
cipal entrance of her house. .;
The great composer Handel was an
enormous eater. It is said that at a.tav
l?r The always ordered dinner for three
'•Dinner Is quite ready, sir, when the
company come," said a waiter to him one
d^en prin* up de dinner," .said'- the
Anglicized German; "I am de rompanjrl* i
When a Seri girl arrives at womanhood
she is made to sit at the end of a small
lane made of branches stuck in the
ground, while there Js a feast and dance.
At the end of the dance the girl walks
through the lane and is thus officially
proclaimed a woman and marriageable.
The bucks secure wives by trading skins,
weapons or other valuables for them, the
father of the girl getting all he can and
the lover giving as little as possible.
The Islanders have a stern code some
where in their jurisprudence, as was
shown some years ago when the Mexican
Government took steps to punish them
for the murder of a Mexican citizen. Word
was sent that the murderers must be
surrendered immediately to the Mexican
authorities or the whole island would be
cleaned out. The two chiefs, after vain
parleying, finally replied by sending to
the Mexicans the heads and hands of the
offending tribesmen. They explained that
it was needless to send in the whole body,
as the head would Identify the murderer
and the hand would prove that no more
killing could be done by it.
A number of years ago the Serls klhed
a Mexican woman, whom they had tried
to capture alive. The whole country was
aroused, as this was a repeated offense.
Several Mexican girls had been abducted
by the Indians years before and forced to
live with their savage captors. The leader
of the avenging band of cowboys and
ranchers was Ignaclo Enclnaa, another son
of Don Pascual. It was the boast of this
band that they killed 135 Seris. men,
women and children, in that one day's
hunt. They pursued the Indians to the
island, surprised them and shot them
down like animals. Ignaclo Enclnaa. at
the head of the troop, encountered a
rather comely looking squaw, who was
said to be descended rrom a Mexican
woman captured years before. Rumor
had it that Enclnas was the father of the
papoose she carried. At any rate, when
he strode through the camp she flung the
child up before her. crying:
"Pity! Do not kill your own eon!"
"What does a Seri know of pity?"
shouted Encinas. "This Is the pity I
will give you!" and he slashed them down
with his machete.
Such incidents aa these have had their
influence in preventing the pacification
of the Seris and the opening of the island
to exploration.
The bucks of the tribe are extremely
active and warlike. They like nothing
better than fighting so long as the ad
vantage Is on their side. They will plot
and lie in wait for years in order to re
venge themselves for wrongs real or
fancied. The vaqueros, rounding up their
cattle on the range, sometimes ride with
in sight of the island, but they are ex
tremely cautious when approaching as
close as this. They generally ride in
groups and keep a lively lookout against
surprise. The Seris have a plan of dig
ging little holes in the earth In which
they hide for hours and even days. The
eye glancing over the expanse of sandy
ground broken only by stunted brush sees
no sign of such ambuscades. The murder
of small bands of cowboys has made the
others very alert and watchful.
By some manner, supposedly through
the murder of victims, the Seris have ob
tained possession of a number of rifles.
They cannot get cartridges, however, and
are, therefore, reduced to the exercise of
considerable ingenuity In providing am
munition. They make their own car
tridges by taking pieces of green raw
hide and molding them to the shape of a
cartridge and filling it with powder and
lead, or with a small pebble if lead is
not at hand. For a percussion cap they
take a common parlor match and stick
it in the hole in the end of the cartridge.
They send their women over to the main
land, where they steal or trade for
matches. These cartridges are sometimes
slow in exploding, but they are really
quite successful.
The main weapons of the Seris, how
ever, are bows and arrows and a short
spear, used for catching fish as well as
fighting. The bows are made of the gar
ambullo wood, fortified by rawhide or
deerskin. The arrows are made of the car
riso and are nowadays tipped with iron
or brass, which the Indians get from
wrecked boats, or pick up about the cat
tle ranches. They invariably poison their
arrows for killing their enemies. The poi
son is obtained by hanging up a cow's
liver to putrefy, when the arrows' tips
are dipped in the mass. Sometimes a rat
tlesnake is excited into biting the liver,
thus making the poison more deadly.
Like all wild people, the Seris are en
dowed with strong bodies and great en
durance. They , literally run a deer to
death, and have been known to capture
horses the same way. They take the trail
and follow the animal until it drops of
exhaustion. The Seri's feet are long and
narrow, much unlike the Yaqui's, which
are broad. The Seris are of all sizes, some
of the men reaching a height of almost
seven feet. Most of the men, in fact, are
tall and powerful, while the women are
not above medium height. All paint their
faces with ugly colors.
Of the squaws pictured here only one
could speak Spanish. She was the old
woman with the pelican mantle. The
others spoke the savage tongue only. It
is guttural and entirely unintelligible to
the neighboring Indians. The women are
shrewd and bargain well. They are full
of laughter and ' profess the greatest
friendship for the whites, inviting them
to the island and saying that no harm can
come to them. They are deft in weaving
baskets and bowls of the tender bark ob
tained from the roots of mesquite trees.
Some of these baskets are so made as to
hold water without leaking.
The Seris have peculiar ideas regarding
sickness. They are In mortal terror of it.
Some of them are pockmarked, which
shows that they have struggled through
smallpox unaided. When a member of the
tribe becomes . ill, no matter what his
grade nor the number of his relatives, he
is instantly deserted and left to die or get
well as nature determines. On no ac
count can a Seri be induced to stay and
nurse the sick. At the Mexican ranches,
during a smallpox scare, a Seri became
111 His wife, without an Instant's hesita
tion, rolled up her bundle of clothing and
started for the Island. Looking back,
with tears streaming down her face, she
bade her husband farewell. Nothing could
induce her to remain. On the island the
sick are placed on a pelican-skin blanket
and left In a secluded place, with an olla
of water near their hand. If they sur
vive it is well; and if they die. the spptls
visited after a week-s time and the body
burned. The heat renders the bodies com
bustible, and it is said that they are to
tally consumed without the aid of. any
fuel. .
gome women are as clever and original
when It comes to making a living as other
women are helpless and dull. The frog
farm of Miss Mona Selden. for Instance, is
one of the most unusual business ventures
that any woman was ever laughed at for
making It seems that Miss Selden was
a schoolteacher until a few years ago.
Shlwas probably a good teacher still her
choice of a profession was not exactly
original or uncommon. Not uncommon
ei the? was the ill health which overtook
her in the sober and beaten track of her
duties Perhaps it was a failing appetite
which led her to Inquire the price of
frogs' legs in the market. Perhaps, top.
it was a failing pocket book which made
her meditate ruefully on the price she
heard-meditate ruefully at first but aft
erward with an increasing hopefulness
At any rate. Miss Selden conceived the
Idea of raising frogs' legs^ herself, and
when she began to look for a suitable
place for the experiment she came upon
friendship, New Jersey. Friendship is
surrounded with marshes, bogs and ponds,
and is ideally adapted to frog culture.
The people of that section, however, had
never thought of it in that light; so,
when Miss Selden offered to buy their
land— which was principally water— at 13
an acre, they sold it gleefully, turning
meanwhile a deaf ear to the reproachful
voice of conscience. Then they waited to
see what was going to happen. The first
thing that happened was the fencing in
with wire strands of Miss Selden's newly
acquired property. This caused her neigh
bors to shake their heads, while they
meaningly tapped their own intellectual
brows. It Is said that Miss Selden spent
the winter learning to hit a target the
size of a frog, and succeeded so well that
when spring came she took her rifle and
picked off frogs as easily as she had once
called the roll in her schoolroom. It is
also stated that she has made from $3000
to $5000 a year out of her frog crop, and
that her neighbors have ceased tapping
their brows, and Instead respectfully take
off their hats to her.
Pocket-picking Is an occupation that
admits of a vast display of ingenuity.
While disclaiming any particular merit
for that country, it Is an Indisputable fact
that again England is in the van of all
nations in that her pickpockets hold their
own against all foreign competition. In
London alone over 100,000 men. women and
children gain their daily bread entirely by
this unscrupulous mode of living.
Maudle'e papa is night editor on a news
paper, a fart which Maudie apparently
hasn't learned, for when some one asked
her a few days ago what her father did
for a living she replied:
"I dlv It up. I fink he's a burglar, 'tause
no's out all night."
2122
THE GREEN BROUQHAM
THE estates, properly belonging to the Dowager Marchioness . of
Auriol, herself Baroness de Lys in her own right, were situated
in an outlying part of that western country which is accounted by
Its inhabitants the most beautiful.; She was a handsome woman of
a royal presence, was scarcely 50, acknowledged to less, and still
maintained her position in the world of fashion among younger
and less dignified rivals. Upon this property it was natural that 'Lord
Francis charmian should be supposed to keep an eye. The Marchioness,
herself journeyed in state at intervals into the west, but to her son she
resigned the charges of that territory which should one day be his. Char
mian. however, had an eye and a spirit for the country upon occasion, and
even in the heart of the season was known to have spent a week at the
castle with comfort and entertainment to himself.
But it was naturally in winter that his visits were longest and most
satisfactory. He hunted now and then, and be shot at all times; but his
Irregular seasons had got him the name of eccentricity from the more
rabid partisans of these pursuits. It was, for example, egregious indeed
that Lord Francis should be returning to the castle on a wild January day,
Instead of some three months earlier. Even Lady Auriol had spent her
Christmas in the country, though she had fled to town with her retinue
about the middle of January; but here was the month drawing to a close,
and the future master of the district had only just deigned to descend
upon it from his preposterous amusements abroad.
The castle lies some long miles from the little market town of Lunn.
and only some three from the tiny station at Arraway; yet, as trains to
Lunn are more frequent, it was in the market town that Charmian had
alighted that stark bleak afternoon of January, stiff and cold from his
journey. His carriage was waiting at the station, but, giving the man his
orders, he proceeded on foot briskly toward the "White Hart," followed
respectfully by the brougham. It was now past 3, and he had nothing
to eat since breakfast; consequently he lunched comfortably at the inn.
enjoyed a pint of warm Burgundy, and toasted his feet till half-past 4 or
even later. At that hour, recalling unwillingly the long drive, he rose,
stretched himself, paid his reckoning and went out accompanied by his
obsequious host. As he reached .the landing a sudden outbreak of rude
noise and laughter came down the stairs.
"What's that?" he asked.
The innkeeper looked at him with apologetic eyes. "A party, my lord,"
said he. "I'm afraid it's very noisy. Gentleman's been entertaining some
friends, and, they're — " He hesitated.
"Merry. Cotton?" suggested Charmian; drawing on his gloves. "Don't
be ashamed of it, man." - : .//y ..
"It isn't that, my lord." explained Cotton, with more dignity; "but
I'm afraid his poor lady, who is waiting for him, must be very tired."
"That is very kind of you. Cotton." said Charmian airily, "and If there
was time I should take the liberty of communicating your sentiments. As
It Is you must do it yourself"— and . with a nod he skipped out of the
door and emerged Into the shadows of the falling night. Ere the innkeeper
could recover himself in time to follow (as he would naturally have done)
to assist him into his carriage, Charmian had pulled open the door of the
brougham that stood before the inn, had clapped it to again, and was rat
tling next moment along High street in the direction of the little river
which marks the confines of Lunn. ,W - .
The gray, cold day had broken into a savage evening, and the lamps
twinkled through a drizzle of snow. The light had gone unexpectedly, and
it was impossible to see beyond a yard or so. But presently after, and
when the carriage had crossed the small bridge, turned Into the lane that
branched from the highway, and was fully launched upon its voyage into
the country, there fell a perfect hurricane of snow. The peaceful tenor
of the wind changed; it shook the windows of the brougham, and a stream
of flakes rained thickly upon the road and open fields. Charmian looked
out across the flat, inhospitable meadows. from which the storm was driv
ing. The gusts rustled about the carriage, and he turned complacently
to settle himself into his corner. He put out an arm for a rug which he
had left upon the seat, and to his astonishment his hand came in contact
with something warm and soft. . J---./'
"What the mischief is this?" though Lord Francis. Instantaneously
with the thought he struck a match, and the light flared and rested on the
face and figure of a woman. /•/"/;;':. /<-:'.'■;.'. / . "..';■//
She was young and handsome; she lay back with her eyes closed, her
bod;.- nestled in the cushions, and (as Charmian conceived) . his rug dis
posed about her. The light went out, and but for fear of waking' her he
would have whistled. As it was, he sank into his own seat and reflected
on the position with pleasant amusement.' It was plain that the lady must
have mistaken the carriage; and, now he/ considered, there returned to
him. the conversation of old Cotton, and the tale of an unfortunate lady
who was waiting on a merry-making husband. This must be she; and she,
poor creature, had succumbed to the weariness of those long hours and
was delicately enjoying a comfortable slumber in his carriage, and some
two miles upon the road to the castle. The idea tickled him. . ./:/>;
"It. would he a shame to wake her," he thought.' "Heaven be my wit
ness. I am not brute enough for that. The world shall see that I can be
kind to women." With which he folded his arms, cuddled close in his
* corner and shut his eyes. . ■ ...
. The rage and blackness of the night increased. The • horses were
brought down to walking pace; the snow encumbered the ground thickly,
and the timid animals slipped and stumbled on the treacherous surface.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
4
.finally one of them came down on' his knees with a Jerk, and the
brougham lurched and shivered. The laidy woke with a cry, and starting
up brushed against Charmian. . -'^ ; ' 'V
. "What »s it. Fred?" she asked. "Is it an accident? I must have fallen
asleep. Where are we? .':"■'*/•.'
"My dear madam," answered Charmian smoothly, "it is not Fred, but
me; and it is not an accident. And if you will promise not to scream I
will light a match, which will enable you to gain a better notion of where
you are than I can give you." '-'/..•'
The lady made no answer beyond' a formless ejaculation; and Charmian
struck a second match. He held It before him, and the eyes of the two
met in the light above it.
"Who are you, sir?" inquired the lady In a low voice, but not without
spirit.
."The circumstances," said he gently, "In which I find myself are, I
assure you, not contrived by me. It may seem difficult to believe that—
but. my dear madam, consider this. I enter my carriage, I do not perceive
you owing to the dark, and when I make the discovery we are already
miles away from our starting point and I can see no other course than to
let you have your sleep out, and to carry you to some place. from which
you can return in comfort and safety whither you will when the fury of
the storm is dropped."
As he r.poke the match burned his fingers, and he let it drop hastily,
plunging the carriage into darkness.
"But what— does all this mean?" cried the lady In bewilderment,
"We must go back. The carriage must turn back."
"My dear lady." paid Charmian soothingly, "it is not a night for a dog
to be out in; and though my coachman is only my coachman—" He felt
she had sat bolt upright.
"Sir, I demand that you have the horses turned round," she com
manded, with an' imperious note in her voice.
"Madam, my carriage is at your service," said Charmian, in his finest
Spanish manner, "but—" <?>"/;///'
He got no further. "Your carriage!" she cried indignantly. "It Is my
carriage." " //<•':'•
"Pardon me, madam— he asserted firmly.
"Oh. this is monstrous,": declared the lady. "Either I or you are mad.
Yoii will have it that 1 am your wife next!" she added sarcastically.
"That, madam, is not true." remarked charmian severely; "and to
quiet all your doubts I will light another match."
He struck it on .the Words, and the two pairs of eyes wandered about
the brougham. The lady's danced with anger and triumph, and Char
inian's stared with amazement. The brougham was upholstered In green,
and it was certainly not Us. His gaze returned to hers, which was flushed
and excited.
"A thousand pardons," he begged humbly; "though I have not been
lunching a party of friends, It is inexcusable. The darkness— the storm
misled me." -/•'Vc*/
"And now, perhaps, sir," said the lady with dignity, "you will be good
enough to have the horses turned round." : -"r^
"Certainly," replied Charmian. with the same humility. "The coach
man is yours, madam." lie hesitated with his hand on the door. "But
the question is, where are we? You see, if this is not my carriage, you are
probably safely on your road to your destination."
"True," said she. as if struck by this fact for. the first time. "I had
forgotten."
. "Then may I ask." said Charmian. with some little indignation, "where
the devil— l beg your pardon— where that may be?"- ■■'.'..;.• ■■-
"We live at Sackring." said she, now quite civilly. -
Charmian groaned. "A good dozen miles from my Journey's end," he
murmured. braced himself, "If you will allow me to rap on the glass
perhaps I may best attract the coachman's attention that way."
She hesitated/and then showing -her hesitation in her words, "It is a
terrible night," said she. "It would hardly be fair—" '
"Oh. what's fair for him is fair for me,", said Charmian cheerfully.
"Besides.: l have deserved it." ■ ;• '-/V-.- ' /. - .
"If I might venture to suggest." observed the lady more coldly, "you
had better come on to Sackring. There is a good inn there."
"But yfiur husband?" be asked suddenly.
She paused, stammered, and Charmian would have wagered in the
darkness that she blushed. "Mr. Fletcher," said she, with great dignity,
"will follow, no doubt." - - , . ' .
. But just at that moment and ere Charmian had time to answer the in
vitation thus amicably offered the carriage came, to a stop abruptly, and
each looked out of a window. Upon either side the white waste of a great
moor stretched and relied into the night. The coachman had come down
from his box and appeared before the door by Charmian, a spectacle of
gleaming snow. He turned the. handle and peered in, putting a finger
mechanically to the snow that was his hat.
"Beg pardon, sir, but I've lost my way," says he. >: /•/-I.'
Mrs. Fletcher made an exclamation. "Good heavens! James, you can't
mean that?" she cried. "Whore are we?" V :
"Can't exactly make out. ma'am," said James in perplexity. "I know
we're en the moor, but the roads have t^me. and from the way the horses
are plunging I fancy we're on a side track." • "• /
- "You must find the road at once," commanded the lady in consterna
tion.' , ",  ,
"Beg pardon, but perhaps master— began James, and stared apolo
getically into the corner of , the carriage in which he supposed Charmian
to be. ::.;: -. " /
"Oh— of course— yes," stammered Mrs. Fletcher. , "Well, your master
will think it over and. let you know presently." And then. upon. the with
drawal of the man, to Charmian*' "What are we to do? Whatever are we
to do? He thinks you are Mr. > Fletcher." . :...'*.-.
"Let him think so," said Charmian promptly.
bq b* &» ttbnittel--COat»D*
"But— " She hesitated. . - \ ; ir"* v *'"V. iW i.
"My dear lady, the first part (and it Is of prime importance) is that we
should get somewhere. The night is wild; if I am a judge of the sky, it
is beating up for worse; and to. lie here twittering about points of eti
— quette in the drift would expose us to death of cold, hunger or suffoca
tion. James must drive on." ...
• The decision was communicated to the coachman, and the carriage
painfully resumed its jolting journey. The lady had grown submissively
meek and silent. She began to be alarmed; and only by a start or an
exclamation of anxlotv at each deeper plunge or rougher Jolt did she
break the stillness of the interior. Charmian sat back; he was very cold,
and he was very tired, and he saw no prospect of dining. He was out of
patience with the lady. In this neutrality of silence more than half an
hour elapsed, upon the end of which the carriage drew up once more and
James appeared at the door. !•' i!.  ,_ ±*. . A ,
"We've got somewhere, sir," said he, respectfully but triumphantly.
Charmian looked out. and through the streaming flakes beheld the
feeble light of a wayside inn. His heart warmed within him.
"James mustn't see you," whispered the lady In his ears in an agitated
voice. • ' " . " '■■■'■■
Charmian had forgotten. "Not he," he Bald cheerfully, and opening
the further door hopped lightly into the night. The lady descended with
more leisure, and Charmian dodged into tho inn. He met the landlord
bustling to the doorway. ■•-■■■';■
"A— a lady and I— that Is— have been caught in the storm, he ex
plained. "Can you give us food?" B&tB • ,_ - x . . .
The landlord gave a phlegmatic assent, his eyes observing the lady
where she stood, her garments flecked with white ,and her face warm from
tho thrashing winds. She hung back, but Charmian took her arm and
bowed her with stiff courtesy into the coffee-room.
The door once shut, Mrs. Fletcher turned quickly round. "Understand
this," she said, showing a hotter face; "I cannot dine with you."
■ "But, my dear lady, exclaimed Charmian, "we must have food, and we
came together; It's plain we cannot dine apart, or we shall raise suspi
cions."
"I will pot dine at all." she said firmly.
Charmian shrugged his shoulders in despair, while he observed her
more nearly.* She was tall and young— some five and twenty, as he guessed
«he owned a pair of fine eyes, and her complexion was delicately pink.
A spirit flashed in her handsome face, which changed swiftly with the
vicissitudes of her emotions. She confronted him now with anger and
resolution alike conjoined in her features and sparkling In her eye.
"My dear Mrs. Fletcher," he said gently, "of one thing I am certain—
that you shall dine if I have to walk all the way back to Lurtn."
She was silent a moment, and then— "But you could never do that,
she murmured in another tone. "I don't want to drive you away. You
see mv position." she added appealingly; "I don't even know your name.
"My dear lady, that has nothing to do with your dinner," he protested.
"I don't spree with you," she cried sharply. „ ;
"Oh. well, replied Charmian, "if it will make any difference, call me
Smith." „. ._ , . , . ,
"Is that your real name? she asked suspiciously.
"Madam," he returned, meeting her look gravely, "in the circumstances
perhaps is all that you need know. After this unfortunate incident Is over.
I am sure you would wish to forget the humiliating position in which I
have unwillingly placed you, and with it the very name and existence of
such £i DGr^on *
PU She dropped her eves and fell Into a chair: but as quickly started up
again. "Bui we shall have to stay hero all night!" she exclaimed in agl
"lt looks like it."' confessed Charmian ruefully. .
"But we can't— we can't!" she protested. She wrung her hands. .
"Hush' hush! here's some one coming," interposed Charmian nastily:
and' rapidly composing themselves and endeavoring to assume an expec
tant air the two drew up to the table.
The landlord entered the room. "-L 1 - ... _ . *
"Beg pardon, sir." said he, "but would the lady— He seemed to pause,
and she Interposed eagerly.
"Mrs Fletcher/' she "No. 'no^ it's all right." he said reassuringly.
Charmian coughed. "No. no. it's all right." he said reassuringly.
"Hurry up hum- up!" and dismissed the fellow with his importunity.
Charmian turned to the lady. "What did you give your name for? he
"I 'am not ashamed of my name." she retorted petulantly.
"Heavens! but I have given mine as Smith, he exclaimed. _ lf> .
She turned red. "Well. 1 could not have said I was Mrs. Smith,
C 0U "No ? of course not." stammered Charmian; "that did not occur to me.
But you see he will th'nk we have run away together. '
Vlr" Fletcher Jumped from her seat. Her cheeks were crimson, and
became her dark eyes. "Oh!" she cried, and hid her face In confusion.
• "Pray do not take it so hardly," pleaded Charmian soothingly. "I will
""^nde.V.-fried^^eTady.'slfddenly raising her head and looking at him
with angrv'eves; "Indeed, as you have got me into it. you can do no less.
Chairman was abashed, but he went on with spirit.
"Well now let us consider the position. It is not so outrageously seri
ous We 'shall have a few minutes before the dinner is fetched. The ques
tion is. what are we to be? We must make up a good lie while were
ab0 Mrs l . Fletcher was almost in tears. "I can't' think of anything," she
BaU "Weii h how" would brother and sister do?" inquired, Charmian.
"I never thought of that." she said, brightening; "yes. that would do
beautifully. "We could be that, couldn't wo?" *' t^ door
"Why of course and we will." said Charmian decisively, as the door
whs thrown open and the landlord appeared with the dinner. spirits rising,
The m.al went on pleasently. M»s. Fletcher found her spirits rising,
and frcm the unexplored recesses .of the cellar a tolerable wine was pro
duced Presently a little silence of embarrassment fell upon her.
"I don't know if I am doing right," she said haltingly.
"Mv dear "slid Charmian lightly, "it, is a mistake to moralize, and to
interrogate farts is the part of a skeptic she said indignantly, and red
••You ha y,- no right to say that to me." she said ind.gnantly, and red
dening prettily. . ■■ . ,
' "What?" asked Charmian in amazement.
"What you said," she replied, in some confusion.
"I will not misunderstand. you," he said; "you refer to the address -
But consider the relation in which we stand. -It is a fraternal lorm 01
sreech." . . . .
Mrs. Fletcher dropped her glass and pushed back her chair .^but Just
on the instant when Charmian had made up his mind that ho was destinea
to a little outbreak the door rattled under a knock. >,«- «t« n
"It is James." she whispered, all her hauteur gone; I know ms step.
Oh. what shall we do?" . ttk*
Charmian rose, hesitated and slipped behind the chimney nooa. ins
coachman entered. ' , . _,♦-, maat^i- I
"Excuse me, ma'am." said he, "but I wanted a word with master, x
can't find him anywhere."  '■'■-».*; . v „^.j, t
"I will-1 will send him to you presently." said Mrs. Fletcher hurriedly.
"^ttiile danger" was over Charmian returned and looked ruefully at
his companion. She was extremely discomposed. .
"I don't know what we shall do," she cried in distress. They are sure
to find out. and they will think we have—"
•'What?" said Charmian.
"Run away," she murmured shamefacedly. "//■,_ ..„. »,_,» v»ttor
Charmian sighed. "If that Is so." said he desperately, we had better
make the best of it and confess we have."
"Sir!" cried Mrs. Fletcher, rising, all aflame, ±llxrrj . TT»rA"«
-; "For heaven's sake." he said quickly, "don't let ,ua^ quarreL^ Here
some one else." And sure enough, upon the words a second knock sounded
and the door was gently opened. The intruder, an elderly but vigorous
man, advancd with an apology. ':-■';:■-> .•/.' . - , a riL**'
"I am sorry to disturb you. but I am staying in the .lnn. = and I left
my-" He broke off suddenly, and in another voice saluted Charmian.
"Mv dear fellow. I had no idea it was you, or that you were in the neigh
borhood," and he came forward holding out his hand.
' Charmian now recognized him for an old squire living in the neighbor
hood of the castle, and heartily cursing his fortune rose to meet the,prof
fered hand.
' "Oh, yes, I'm here, you see," he stuttered. . ---»i«»--„
"I was told that a Mr. Smith had arrived." said the old gentleman,
"and—" His puzzled glance fluttered to Mrs. Fletcher. „_.„. „„;._,■
-"Oh. yes. of course. Stupid o/ them," said Charmian. Pray allow me
to Introduce you, Coleman, to— " / : ' ; :-V'' ; w-- J i : # (i 4 .
He made a momentary pause; the truth was that he had forgotten the
nar^Oh/yes, I understand," said old Coleman, exhibiting some confusion.
"To Mrs. Smith; Isn't Itr'ti^fjffgmp , a ,
"No," cried the lady, eagerly .interposing in equal confusion— his
sister." .._.
"My— my sister," feebly echoed Charmian. ... ■  . „,
"Quite so— sister. I beg your pardon." said the old gentleman hastily.
"A nice evening, madam"; and then to Charmian. May I have a word
with you after your dinner?" 1
"Have it now," said Charmian desperately, and followed Coleman to
Outside the old gentleman came to a pause, turned the handle delib
erately, and faced the young man.
"Look here. Charmian." he said gravely, "you have no sister, you
know. ■ This won't do. I can make allowances, you understand, but when
it comes to being on your own estate, my dear fellow— You won't misun
derstand me? I am thinking of your interests." '
"Oh, please leave me out," sighed Charmian. "I have no interests just
now, except to get out of a most unpleasant situation."
"If it is that." said the old' gentleman promptly, "pray command me.
I knew it was an entanglement."
"No, no; you don't understand," said Charmian. "It Is all an accident
The lady dislikes It a good deal more than myself."
"Quite so," said old Coleman formally— "quite so. Well, I fancy I must
be going now, as I have some business to attend to." • :
He hastened away, leaving Charmian with the clear Intelligence that he
was disbelieved. He sighed deeply, and returned to the room, where Mrs.
Fletcher was awaiting him in a state of suspense.
"He knows you?" she asked.
Charmian assented. . • • . :
She threw up her hands. "Then our case is worse than ever. Whom
does he think I am?" she inquired, after a pause.
•"My— mv sister," stammered Charmian.
"Oh!" she sighed, in a certain relief; and immediately upon that, and
as a new thought, "But have you a sister?"
"Well, no," began Charmian; "but can manage — ■-«"■•
"Does that man know you have no sister V' she went on in tones of
growing alarm;
"I think he does," said he feebly. • t ■ ■'
"Oh!" she cried in dismay, "how could you? You have ruined me,
and hid her face. ' '~**i
"My dear lady." said Charmian moodily, "I suggested just now that
there was only one honest course before .us."
'.'No!" she exclaimed, and suddenly raised herself and assumed a face
of much determination. "I will see this to an end. I will not yield
weakly." ~ ?- „ _ '
"You encourage me," said Lord Francis heartily. "I feel a new man.
If that is your disposition we shall yet be able to confront the world."
He stopped hastily, feeling that Mrs. Fletcher was regarding him with
suspicion. But it was his nature to be flippant. Outside the door rose
the sound of an altercation, and James' voice mingled with the innkeeper's.
"I tell you," said the latter, "that there's no Mr. Fletcher in there,
and the voices fell to be inaudible.
Charmian and the lady exchanged glances of concern, and then James
voice sounded louder. "I'll take my oath I never drove no Mr. Smith here.
The door handle rattled, Mrs. Fletcher gave a little shriek, and th«
landlord, red and confused, was before them. .—._»*. -
"May I ask." said he in his flurry ."which of you is Mr. Fletcher?
"I am," said Charmian promptly: "that Is to say." he corrected pre
cipitately, "neither of us is; he Isn't here." -
The Innkeeper scratched his head. "Ah! he said in a bewildered
manner, hut withdrew with a show of satisfaction.
"I can stand this no longer," cried the lady, displaying considerable
agitation; and she moved swiftly to the farther door, which opened into
the Interior of the hostelry.
"What would yon do?" asked Charmian in surprise.
"I am going away." she said firmly, hut brokenly; and ere he could
stop her she was out of the door and was gone. _^
Charmian made a little grimace and walked to the window. He threw
It open and looked forth. The snow had ceased and the sky was clearing;
but it was not on these facts he reflected, for no sooner was the blind up
and his head out than the light from the lamp fell full, upon the face of
Jacob his own man. standing by his own carriage before the door.
"Now, how the devil." he wondered, "did Jacob get here? and called
him eagerly. " ...
Jacob advanced, saluting like a machine. - •V^ *•
"Glad to catch you, mv lord," he said, even with a trace of emotion.
"How did yon get here?" asked Charmion in amazement. .
"Well mv" lord, it was like this: Gentleman seized me and made me
drive him Of course, if I'd known that your lordship had— was— what
your lordship was doing— But your lordship didn't let me know.
* There was no censure implied in this statement; it was merely a stats-
Charmian lowered his voice. "What gentleman? he asked.
Jacob glanced about him and also lowered his voice. "Don know his
name mv lord-has a red mustache— and Is angry, very ungry^ my lord
very angry, indeed, mv lord. He's in the bar- now, my lord.
"Drunk?" inquired Lord Francis anxiously. .■_.■„ . ,
•"Not so very, mv lord." said Jacob dispassionately; "not what you*
*?**%£, JaenK' ' I said r cbarmlan reflectively, "good Jacob! Refresh your
«splf at once and be in readiness." so Mrs. Fletcher came into the room,
He withdrew his head. As he did so Mrs. Fletcher came Into the room,
veiled, cloaked with her furs, and prepared for a journey. She was but
toning a glove nervously. '
"My carriage is ready." she said resolutely. ■ - . •
"So is mine," said Charmian cheerfully. . .
"Why. ? yes: Mr. Fletcher has been good enough to bring It. I must tell
you that he is here, and— "•
"/unnerst^d," she said bitterly, and for a moment there was silence.
"He had no right to follow me like that." she broke out,- and the tears of
mortification, of injured pride, of humiliation, started to her eyes.
"No man has a right to follow his wife," remarked Charmian..
She eyed him with a flush of anger, looking very beautiful.
"I don't know who you are. sir," she said with dignity, "but this I do
know-that you have been the cause to me to-day of bitter humiliation
and ( "hafmlan d bowe mf ?o r w.' "I have been tragically aware of it." he said
gently ™But I have systematically tried to make the situation less serl
°USa' gleam of amusement shot into her eyes, and a little laugh which was
Par^lnd now^iT'T wm^wme." pursued Charmian pleasantly. "I
thi^u ",mnHcitv itself." he said. She Interrogated him with her eye*.
"ft is sfmplicitv itself." he said. She Interrogated him with her eyes.
"T et u* 'embark.' each of us, In our respective carriages- ■ -
Ha nauled Her eves kindled. "Leaving-" she breathed.
"preciseH " said Charmian. Their eyes exchanged meanings. Tha
«>, n *„£■ df a smile crept over her mouth, but Charmian s face was grave.
Bha ™?Tnmfvthink it was time we were home," he murmured.
"And the snow will muffle the sound of the wheels," said Mrs. Fletcher.
A noise was Audible as If of some one in the passage. They.
100 -Let us o go. a " will pay the reckoning," he whispered, and went forth to
W ttdSini. he found her before her carriage.
"Good-bv?" she said, holding out her hand. "James must not see you."
She "Wefl he Snows' whom he brought to the inn, that's one thing," said
Charmian gayly. He set her in the brougham, and himself hung in the
H°er' laughter tinkled pleasantly. "Have you a long drive?" she asked.
"As far as Castle de Lys." said Lord Francis. ,
She started. "Then you are— " she began. , '• /•;,. .,;;
"My name is Charmian," he explained. , „ - 4
"Oh!" cried the lady: "and what must you think of me?" «-- -V
"My dear Mrs. Fletcher," said Charmian. pressing her hand, "I think
you're ** brick!" ' ; - , . M
He closed the door with a bang, the horses started forward, James piled
his whip, end the faint light of the stars gleamed for an instant upon a
face set in rich furs, smiling from the carriage window. Charmian turned
to Jacob. H. B. MARRIOT- WATSON.Remarkable "Finds" of a Party of Swedish Scientists White Exploring the Arctic Regions.
WHILiE making a search through the Polar re
gions for traces of the balloonist Andree the
expedition under Professor A. C. Nathorst also
made a most thorough exploration of the places
visited. The result Is a most valuable ad
dition to scientific knowledge. Many of the facts obtained
are surprising in more ways than one. A report of this
expedition has Just been received at the Academy of Sci
ences in this city and Is attracting much attention on ac
count of Its unlooked for array of new discoveries.
Perhaps the most surprising statement made in the
whole report is the fact that the greatest energies of the
expedition were devoted to a search for microbes over the
fields of Ice. This is the first time that such work has been
done, and the results are sure to be of the greatest benefit
to hiimanity. As a search after microbes the expedition
was both a success and a failure. It was a success be
cause It showed that the air of the Polar regions is the
purest to be found on the face of the earth. . It was a
failure because no microbes were found.
The preparation for this work was about as complete
as it could bo. Several bacteriologists were employed, and
the laboratory on board the steamer AntarcUc was sup
plied with every possible piece of apparatus. Test plates
of gelatine were carried to the tops of icebergs and ex
posed to the air, on all the islands the same work was
done the water of the sea was examined, and no microbes
were found. The stomachs of seals, birds and fishes were
also examined, and all that came to light was one harmless
microbe, such as can be found in the stomachs of human
beings almost any day. j "
It was demonstrated conclusively that the air or tne
Polar regions is absolutely bacterium proof. This was
further proved to the members of the expedition by the
fact that none of them "took cold." On two occasions
Professor Nathorst fell into the icy water, but he felt no
evil effects beyond the immediate chill. On one of the oc
casion* he was compelled to stay in his wet clothes for
a couple of hours. He suffered severely from cold, but
as soon as he got back to the ship and put on dry garments
he felt as well as ever he did isi his life. In a temperate
climate, where microbes are plentiful, he would most cer
tainly have experienced a long siege of sickness.
The fact that the Polar regions are healthful has been
known to the people of Sweden for several years. At
Advent Bay. Spitzbergen Island, Professor Nathorst found
a health resort in the shape of a good-sized hotel. The
structure, he says, is the northernmost building, excepting
the huts of Indians, to be found in the world. It is close
up to the eightieth parallel, and for the greater part of
the year is burled In snow and ice. But sick people get
well there Professor Nathorst met several consumptives
who had been at the hotel only a short time but were able
to report a large gain in weight and a marked improvement
in general condition. ....
Professor Nathorst made the first landing of which there
is any record on Charles XII Island, far to the north of
Spitzbergen. Here he found a sheltered valley with a
scrubby growth of timber. This was a surprise, but he
received his greatest shock when a couple of large rein
deer wandered up to him without showing any signs of
fear Tha animals had never before seen a human being,
and they were bo tame they could be stroked like pet
While voyaging over the ice fields in the steamer the
expedition ran into an icepack that was being heaved about
by a mighty ground swell. The ice rose and fell on giant
rollers, and the ship crunched her way over this In constant
danger of being crushed to splinters. But Professor
Nathorst says that, In spite of this danger, the tossing
fields of ice presented the. grandest scene he ever saw.
Besides making careful examination of several small, un
known islands the expedition explored the eastern shore of
Spitzbergen' lsland, where the foot of white man had never
trod before. The climate was frightfully severe even in
the summer, but the explorers were rewarded by discover
ing enormous ledges of excellent coal. The amount in
sight Indicated the value of the fields to be millions. Judg
ing by the other coal fields which have been found on the
northern shores of -Europe, these could not be exhausted
In hundreds of years. . ,;
The explorers found several beetles in localities where
none were supposed to exist. A- few small animals were
also found, and a large quantity of botanical specimens
were secured. Deep-sea soundings were made, and several
unexpected facts were thereby brought to light.
The Swedish Geographical Society looks upon this ex
pedition .as the most successful ever sent to the Polar re
gions. The- report Just issued is a long document and can
not be reproduced here In its entirety; But a synopsis of
It has been made for The Call by Dr. Gustav Eisen of the
Academy of Sciences' and Is as follows:
i - 9 * • • • f •. *-*." •■."• • • •
The report of the chief of the Swedish Polar Expedition
shows that many and Important discoveries resulted from this
visit to the high northern latitudes. No Arctic expedition had
been fitted out with so much care. Not only did the staff con
sist of the usual scientific assistants— hydrographers, surveyors,
botanists, zoologists and geologists— but in addition to these
the chief. Professor A. G. Nathoret, had provided a complete
bactereological laboratory in order to ascertain the actual
purity of the air in the Arctic regions. The investigations of
the (bacteriologist of the expedition are In many respects re
markable and unexpected. •
The expedition started from Gothenburg on May 25 and re
turned to Tromso September 7. The main object of the expedi
tion, besides making a search for Andree, was to exploit;' tnu
eastern part of Bplt«bei»en and the laud to the east of Spitz
bereen known as KirifiT Charles Land. Owing to the influence
of the Gulf Stream, the western coast of Spitzbergen la com
paratively well known, while the eastern part, which is filled
flmong other things they discovered a petrified tropical forest Inclosed Iq an Icy. covering, unKnown Islands, "vtfild" animals that had no- fear of men,
and the fact that microbes do not exist In the pure air of the North.
THE SA^ FKANOISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
with Ice until late In the season, has rarely been visited and re
mained almost unexplored. The Antarctic, a steamer specially
built for Arctic explorations, has been purchased for the expe
dition and fitted out with the latest Improvements for scien
tific work.
The first object of visit was Beeren Eiland, an Isolated
Island midway between Norway and Spitzbergen. This Island
had previously been very Imperfectly known geologically as
well as geographically, and several weeks were spent in re
searches by the various members of the expedition. The Island
is almost inaccessible on account of its steep sides and lack of
proper harbors. In many places the sides rise precipitously
1200 to 1500 feet above the ocean.
Geologically this Island Is one of the most Interesting places.
Professor Nathorst sums up its history as follows: "During
the Silurian period the now island was a deep sea in which were
Blowly deposited strata of such low animals as trilobites and
mussels characteristic of the period. These strata became later
strongly folded and rose above the surface of the sea. After
hundreds of thousands of years this land was again depressed
below the sea and the rivers of the neighboring continent de
posited layers of sand, with remains of vegetation and other
fossils, which now constitute the carbonfferous formations of
the island. Hundreds of thousands of years passed by and
again the sea rose and its bed became dry land. How long this
lasted it is impossible to know, but later on the land tank and
became a pemlan tea with new carboniferous deposits contain
ing the characteristic animal 3 of that period. The many re
mains of corals which constitute the mass of Mount Misery
were deposited at that time. The coal deposits on the island
are of the highest importance, and it is only a question of time
v.htn they will be utilized. They are, indeed, too valuable to
remain long neglected. * • *
"In the far north the outlook had signaled ice floes, and dur
ing the night we were suddenly warned of their presence. A
heavy shuck to the vessel and ah ominous grating were the first
signs, so well known from previous experiences In the polar
seas. I rushed on <\eck at once and found that we were well in
among the ice. The sun shone brightly, though in the middle of
the night, and on every side were thousands of ice blocks of a
brilliant whiteness, with sides of the purest blue and green. A
morp magnificent sight cannot be imagined. We were now
breaking through the outer ice. which is a little thicker than
the inner. With a good ice vessel like our Antarctic such a trip
i* on<? n"ver to be forgotten, one of unmlngled pleasure, of new
and unexpected charm at almost every turn. When the ice is
less dense you go between the larger ice blocks, pushing the
smaller ones aside. When It is denser you have to break your
way through with the iron-shod prow. During sunny weather
you may see the seals everywhere on the ice hlocks sunning
themselves, while the Arctic seagulls, with their brilliantly
white wings, sail undisturbed in all directions. A peculiar phe
nomenon in these regions is the ice-blink, an undescrlbahle
glimmer in thQ air a.nd sky wherever the solid ice pack in near.
Whenever this glimmering light was seen we knew that our
journey in the direction of the light was at an end, as a vessel,
however strongly built, can no more penetrate this ice than it
couW go through solid reck. • • •
■"Midsummer eve was one of the most charming days Im
aginable. The sun shone with its brightest rays; the tempera
ture in the shade was 45, while In the sun it was 75. We had
changed our course, and our objective point was Stans Fore
land, in front of Stor-FJord, the largest bay on Spitzbergen.
When we cast anchor In Recherche Bay I decided to remain
there some two or three weeks in order to give opportunity to
the scientific staff to investigate thoroughly the fauna and flora,
both living and of the fossiliferous strata, for the latter are
known to be among; the very richest In fossils In the world.
The anchorage was so secure that we could extinguish the fire
under the boilers and save our coal.
"The shores of the two main bays were mapped and found
to be very different in shape and size from what they had pre
viously been reported. Geologically this part of Spitzbergen
is most interesting. We discovered here the Arctic strata pre
viously known only on Greenland. The tertiary formations,
which we found in abundance, were wonderfully rich In vege
table fossils. These strata contain an endless store of petrified
eaves and fruits of such trees as magnolias, lime treefc, swamp
LARGEST RANCH IN THE WORLD.
It Covers More Territory Than the States of Rhode Island and Delaware and Thousands of Cattle
Roam Over It.
w T seems natural that the largest
I ranch in the world should be found
I In the largest State In the Union—
I Texas. Indeed, this ranch Is so ex-
JL tensive that some States could not
contain it. Connecticut, for example,
could not hold It by several thousand
acres. The two States of Rhode Island
and Delaware combined could not contain
this immense ranch, which consists of
over 3.000,000 acres, or almost 5000 square
miles.
About a dozen years ago, when Texas
needed a new State Capitol, the Legisla
ture adopted a novel plan to get it. A
promise was held forth that a vast tract
of unappropriated land would be given in
exchange for a suitable granite building
at Austin. Among those tempted by this
offer were ex-Senator Charles B. Farwell
and his brother John, who ultimately
formed a syndicate in Chicago and took
upon themselves the responsibility of
erecting the proposed capltol. Their part
of the agreement appears to have been
carried out to the satisfaction of the
State, and in due time they came Into
the possesssion of the immense domain
now known as the X. I. T. ranch.
The ranch is situated in the extreme
northwest corner of the Panhandle of
Texas, and covers or touches nine differ
ent counties. Its northern boundary is
"No Man's Land," now a part of the Ter
ritory of Oklahoma, and its western limit
Is the line between Texas and New Mex
ico. In width (from east to west) It aver
ages about twenty-five miles. In length
it is about 200 miles. The land lies in
what is known as the Staked Plains, a
high plateau. The soil Is mostly of a
black or chocolate color— very fertile,
and covered with a thick coat of buffalo,
mesquit, grama -and other grasses
whicty cure on the ground and furnish
winter as well as summer pasturage for
stock of all kinds. At the southern end
of the tract the altitude Is about 2300 feet,
and at the northern end about 4700. The
climate is pronounced to be generally de
lightful, the air being bracing though
dry.
When the Farwells obtained the land
they inclosed It with a substantial barbed
wire fence. There are many cross fences
upon it, separating the territory into from
twenty to thirty large divisions, besides
many small ones. To make these fences
It required just fifteen hundred miles of
barbed wire. The syndicate also built
ranch houses, bored and 1 , dug wells, of
cypress .alders, etc., showing what wonderfully rich vegetation
existed in ages gore by in these now inhospitable regions.
"We had here splendid opportunity to hunt. The reindeer
were so tame that they came up within a few feet of the rifles,
and we had no difficulty in getting all the meat we wanted. I
need hardly state that we did not kill more than was necessary
for our table.
"Our work successfully finished in the vicinity of Recherche
Bay, we steamed for Belsound and Advent Bay, where we ar
which there are now about three hundred,
averaging one hundred and twenty feet
In depth and having earthen or wooden,
reservoirs and drinking: trough attach
ments; erected windmills over the wells;
built dams across arroyos to conserve the
rainfall, and in various other waya made
the place suitable for a ranch. They
placed cattle upon it as fast as it could
be put in safe condition to receive them,
and have since continued to add to the
herd from time to time by purchase and
breeding until they have at present about
120,000 cattle, besides almost 1600 horses.
The calf crop branded in 1897 exceeded
31,000 head. The whole property is val
ued at $10,000,000.
These figures afford an Idea of the ex
tent of the business. The Farwells at
tend to the chief affairs of their office in
Chicago, but have a general ranch man
ager at the ranch headquarters, which
is situated at Channlng, in Hartley
County. Manager Boyce has supervision
over the whole property, being assisted
by seven foremen, each one of whom is
responsible for one of the principal divis
ions. Each of these divisions of Itself
would form a large ranch.
There are raised on these plalnß three
breeds of cattle— namely, Hereford, Ab
erdeen, Angus and Durham. At the pres
ent time the herd Is unequaled, It Is be
lieved, either In quality or size, anywhere
In the United States. The hundreds of
horses are bred, not, as may be supposed,
for the market, but rather for service
in traveling between widely separated
points on the ranch. No sheep are raised.
When the cattle have reached such a size
as to become marketable they are cent
to Chicago. Not all stop there, however,
as many go still farther East, and are
eventually shipped to distributing points
in Europe.
One of the surprising things In connec
tion with the enterprise is the fact that
all the duties are performed by a force
of about a hundred and twenty-five men,
or an average of only one man for every
24,000 acres. There are houses, barns, etc.,
at the seven division headquarters, as well
as line camps, where there are smaller
buildings. The men assigned to the camps
repair the fences, oil the hundreds of
windmills, and busy themselves in other
work of this sort. Some of the squads
have no house in which to stay, but are
provided with a "chuck" wagon to carry
their food and beds as they move from
place to place. All are fed by the com
pany, each division having freight wagons
to haul supplies from points on the rail
road where they are bought. The three
divisions at the southern end trade at
Amarlllo, Potter County; the other four
at Charming.
One might naturally Imagine that the
yearly loss of cattle- would be enormous.
As a matter of fact it Is not, being only
from 2 to 5 per cent. The loss Is chiefly
due, not to disease, as may be supposed,
but rather to the occasional severe
weather In winter.
In' these days of general dependence
upon all possible means of quick commu
nication ft may afford relief to some wor
ried and wearied business men to know
that on the largest ranch In the world the
telegraph is not used and the telephone is
a stranger, neither being considered as
necessary- Barring such few messages as
are sent by horsemen to points near by,
all the communications go by mail, as
there are postofflces nearer to several of
the division headquarters than Channlng
is. Payments to employes and others are
made monthly at the main office in Char
ming, where .the company's accounts are
all kept.
As has been stated, the X. I. T. ranch
has, with its 5000 square miles, an area
greater than that of Connecticut, or of
Rhode Island and Delaware combined; for
Connecticut, it may be stated for the ben
efit of those who are fond of exact fig
ures for purposes of comparison, has only
4750 square miles, Delaware 2120 and
Rhode Island 1306. After a moments study
of these statistics the question naturally
may be asked, "How many towns orother
settlements are there in all this vast
area?" There are two, and only two:
Channlng, where the general manager
lives, and Texline, In Dallara County.
Both towns contain hotels, stores and
schools, but nowhere else on the ranch
is there any settlement.— lndies' Home
Journal.
He took It very philosophically. In the
course of time men become philosophical
even in love affairs.
"So you have decided that you cannot
marry me," he Baid.
"Sir!" she replied, "I have decided
nothing of the kind. I can marry you
to-mnirow if I wish. I could have mar
ried you any day In the last six months,
as you well know. What I have decided
is that you cannot marry me."— Chicago
Post.
The average \ amount •of ■ sickness in
human life Is nine days out of the year,:
rived on July 17. At this place is situated the most northern
hotel In the world— the Tourist Hotel— where travelers and ex
plorers may receive all the comforts and most of the luxuries
of civilised life. In the vicinity of the Ice Fjord we found two
species of beetles, a discovery which was the more important
as no beetles had theretofore been found on Spitzbergen.
"Our next work was bounding the great deep known as the
Swedish Deep, on the western side of Spitzbergen. "When we
began this work, on July 14. we found at once to our great sur
prise that the Gulf Stream had modified the temperature of the
water to the enormous depth of 1200 feet. When the same local
ity -was explored in IS9O it was found that the water of the Gulf
Stream spread only on the surface, while comparatively a few
feet below the water of the ocean was icy cold. Great changes
must have taken place in comparatively few years, and it is
easy to foresee the tremendous effect such change in tempera
ture must have upon the animal life of the ocean. Millions
upon millions of f.shes unaccustomed to the warmer water must
have suddenly perished or b<-"-'n driven away, while other, more
southern specie?, have taken their place. This spread of the
Gulf Stream accounts for the vpt>- favorable climatic condi
tions enjoyed by the more northern latitudes during the last
few years.
"In the vicinity nf Prince Charles Foreland we found by
sounding that the greatest depth reached was 1500 feet. From
these great depths large collections of deep-sea animals were
brought to the surface and preserved for future study.. The
lnst soundings were taken along the large ice pack known as
the Greenland Ice park, on account of its being driven by the
currents from the polo southward along the east coast of
Greenland. It is this same ice rack that carried Nansen'y
steamer Fram diagonally across the polar sea. This ice pack
was now carefully Investigated in order to ascertain if it is
derived fro mthe Siberian polar sea. as Nansen suspected. Our
investigations arc, however, not finished.
"The time v. as now at hand when we had to attempt to
reach King Charles Land, and I accordingly changed the course
toward the east In order to take advantage of the more free
passage south of Spitzbergen. We had, however, to force our
way for several days through an ice pack of no inconsiderable
thickness. But our steamer surmounted all obstacles, and the
4th of Aogust found us in open water in the vicinity of King
Charles Land. For twenty-eight years I had constantly hoped
some time VT be able to explore this land, which so many harl
attempted to reach without success, and now, when we had
pushed our way to its very shores. I was sorry that the diffi
culty of reaching it had not been greater— the effort seemed to
me altogether too t;imp. We found that King Charles Land
consists of two principal islands— the Swedish Foreland and
King Charles Island, with Johnsens Mountain. Geologically
speaking, the Swedish Foreland belongs to the Jura formation,
overlaid by basalt. During the great ice age this island was
submerged and rose at a later date. It is thus much later than
Spitzbergen. On King Charles Island we found the upper table
lands actually covered with enormous quantities of driftwood,
which must have remained here many thousands of years
without decaying. Many of the trunks had become petrified,
and some measured as much as three feet in diameter. Much
of the snow on this Island was pre^n and red, caused, of course,
by microscopic algae of various ppecies, specimens of which
were collected for future investigations. During- our several
weeks' stay on these islands we brought together various and
valuable collections of minerals, fossils, plants and animals,
and the two Islands were carefully surveyed and mapped. • ♦
"I thought it best to make an effort to reach the mysterious
White Island, to the north of King Charles Land, of which so
much had been surmised and so little was really known. We
therefore started north. On the 18th of August we noticed a
peculiar glimmering at the horizon, which later in the day
proved to be nothing but the snow and ice-covered sides of
White Island. The Island proved to be entirely covered with
ice and snow, except for a small narrow band along some parts
of the shore. The walls were precipitous, and their broken sides
dropped from time to time as Icebergs into the sea. We landed
at two places and explored the shores, but were prevented from
staying by the ice, which closed around the island from all
sides. The highest latitude reached on our trip was 81 deg. 14
mln. • • •
"Not the least Interesting results were those achieved by the
bacteriologist. The air was filtered in all the various localities
visited and tested for bacteria. The results were certainly most
Interesting and remarkable. It was ascertained that bacteria,
the bane of all temperate and tropical climates, are absolutely
absent from the Arctic air. Not a single bacterium was found
during the whole voyage, the air being- absolutely free and
pure. The stomachs of birds and mammals killed were also
examined bacteriologically, with most unexpected results. In
the intestines of the birds, with one single exception, not one
bacillus was found, while in the bears and the seals were found
only very few of a variety similar to those existing in man.
Even the water was found to be almost free from bacteria, and.
on King Charles Land we found that It contained at the most
only one bacllluf to each eleven cubic ctnttjneiers.''
23
♦ 4
+ Photograph- £
4- 4
-- 4
-- 4-.
4- ing 4
-- 4-.
4- 4".
4- 4-.
X the $
4- 4
-- 4-.
4- 4
-- Wonderful ♦
4- . 4
-- 4
-- ■ r 4-
TROPICAL X
4- 4
-- 4
-4-' 4-
X FOREST X
4- . : 4
4-- - - 4
-- 4
♦ Found J
4- 4
+ 4
-- 4
-- Buried 4
4-- 4
-- 4
+ 4
♦ 4
+ m +
4- 4
-- 4
-- 4
: «* :
4- 4
-- 4
>. ■ ' ' ■ ' 4
-- FAR 4
-- 4
-- ■ ' 4
-- ' 4"
4- - T ' ' ; . 4-
Northern +
4- ♦
4- 4
-- 4
♦ ice ♦
4- ♦
4- ' ' ■; 4-
X FIELDS. X
4- *■—'■': :■ 'i ♦24
Special Committees
j(re Tjrying to
• jffeip Tjhem.
THE teachers of San Francisco ara
having a winter of struggle and
turmoil, of war and famine, be-
B lde which nil their past trouble
seem but the ordinary annoyances
of life The long-suffering workera
<rf the School -tment have received
frights and been In hol water many times
before but the winter of 18518-99 will b«
historic In the annals of the ban Francisco
-The trouble has all been caused by tne
extravagance, dishonesty and recWessneai
of the -Id board." says ElishaWßrootaJ.
the veteran principal of the Girls' High
School, "and now the old rascals are
chuckl n ff because they go scot free while
tho tf*u-hers are suffering. The tough old
board: was not a circumstance to the last
one. Cl Is a pity we can't get at them and
punish the guilty parties."
That Is the way most of tho teachers
talk about the late board. One remarked
Harcasftically: "Its memory has been per
petuai hy naming "no school the Bar
rtngtoji School. 1 think w* ought also to
have a Waller School in this city."
It was on the afternoon of November SO
that tli? teachers first gathered on a quick
Bummorw in Golden Gate Hall and np
pointed a.n utlve oommlttee. consist
ing of Charles H. Murphy of the Polytech
nic Bchool! AJbert w. Lyser. principal of
tho . ihn Sw<Mt Grammar; \V. D. Kings
bury of the Horace -Mann. Miss Agnes M.
Manning, principal of the Webster, and
Miss Kjnma E. Stlncen. principal of the
"WhittiiM-. This committee was instructed
to engage legal counsel and go into the
court* with their November salary
c'.aim.s. The teachers taxed themselves
1 per cent of their salaries for a defense
fund.
For the old board, upon nearing the end
ct Its reckless extravagance and finding a
vast shortage about to be disclosed, had
decided to pay all the Bupply and similar
bills that they had been piling up and to
let the teachers wait and get their sala
ries - me time, if they could. The teach-.
<?rs have occasionally had to wait a
ir.omh or several months for a small part
cf their salaries, when deficits had oc
curred, but there was never a fear that
their money would not be paid in time..
Tho board had always approved the sal
ary warrants, wnich the teachers could
keep or discount until the Auditor would
allow them to be paid, thus having a rec
ognized claim for what was due them.
But this time the board, on the night he
fore the mass meeting, resolved to "with
hold" the November salaries, thus defl
nitey denying payment until the end of
the fiscal year, June 30 next, when they
■were to be paid out of any money remain-
Ing in the treasury. Tho board, in fact,
porposed to pay its extravagant supply
bills and consign the teachers and a big
deficit to luck and the next boai»i. They
would not even "pass" the salary war
rants and thus give the teachers a piece
of paper which would be a certificate of
indebtedness.
The teachers paw that their monpy was
being diverted from them and that their
ever petting: it would be doubtful, and
they also foresaw what happened later.
their December salaries would be
treated in the same way. The salaries of
ira were includp^d, and the whole
amount for two months was a little less
than J200.000. The teachers' salaries for
November amounted to $58,609 SO. and for
December to $90,737 10.
The committee employed H. T. Cres
well a_nd Olney & Olney, and the present
tangle of litigation over sa^ri^s was be
gun with the suit for an injunction, with
Klisha Brooks, principal of the Girls'
HfKh School as nominal plaintiff. tr> re
strain until the teachers had first been
paid the payment of the bills of the mer
chants, contractors and other like cred
itors. That case is still pending, but
Judge Seawell has definitely decided the
SARAH BERNHARDT
AS SHE IS AT HOME
By Algernon Shaw, Who Acted as Her Secretary.
THE "Divine Sarah" is said to be
contemplating a trip through India,
to shoot tigers, elephants, snakes
and Incidentally to captivate the
hearts of the susceptible rajahs.
Her travels have, been numerous.
Bhe is always on the go, and you cannot
tell any more than you can tell where the
pea is in a shell game where she will bob
up next.
I know whereof I speak, for I have trav
eled much with her. I had the honor —
pome would pay the misfortune — to be for
fnme time her private secretary, cable
dispatcher and general man of affairs.
For the average theater-goer she may
he the "Divine Sarah," but after having
known her well under her different lights
and shades, moods' and passions, the best
term I find for her is "the Feline Sarah."
An extraordinary woman in everything,
her temper was most disconcerting while
I traveled from city to city with her.
I remember one evening in New York,
■when playing: "Glsmonda" at the Empire,
nfter the third act everything seemed to
have pone wrong, and I could see the
etorm brewing under her expressive face.
The curtain came down amid the usual
ovations, then up it went, she smiling
with a grace and abandon to drive the
bald head crowd to untold foolishness.
The curtain eaxne down again, and then
the storm broke. Her teeth clenched, her
eyes flaming, she went to her room, say
ing, "Bring me the four Barons and a few
other idiots."
I sat in my little corner, a very meek
young man. All that stagy grace was
goi.o from her. but she was superb in her
anger— an anger real and divested of art.
In came the four Barons, she berating
each in turn as to his manner of playing,
repeating his lines and showing 1 him how
he should have said them.
"AJlez et tachez de faire mieux," she
paid, "Go and do better," as a Parthian
6hot.
Her voice in these moments of anger
lost its sweet tone. No longer what her
admirers call "La voix dor"—t he golden
voice— it was metallic, steely, vibrating.
Her eyes, large and gray, had the fascina
tion of a snake, the cruelty of a tiger.
They were beautiful; you feared and ad
mired their gaze, which seemed to pene
trate you like a blade.
She camo to this country in February,
under Abbey, Shooffel and Grau, for
a four months' tour through New York,
Montreal, Boston, Philadelphia, Xew Or
leans, St. L,ouis and Chicago. She could
not talk English, and on this voyage I
had to interpret all the gushing mes
sages, whether verbal or written, and
stand guard over her sanctum.
. The women brought flowers, which she
received with graceful languor. There
would be photographs with the flowers.
For the autograph cranks, for every one,
ehe had a kind word— when they were in.
Consequently there used to be amusing
ucenes of human vanity as the lucky ones
ewellerl and passed haughtily by those
lees favored.
Struggles of the Teachers to Set Their Salaries
important points that the one-twelfth act
applies to the Board of Education, and
that the teachers' salaries are not stat
utory and hence cannot be paid out of
the funds of the next fiscal year, as had
been frequently done. Hence it was or
dered that whatever of six-twelfths of the
appropriation remained in the treasury on
December 31 should be divided pro rata
among the salary and all other claims.
As another result of the ruling that -
the salaries were not statutory, it was
found that $113,000 paid the teacher* In
August on account of June aalarlea wu
illegnlU- paJd, and that this sum must be
deducted from the Falary claims of No
vember and December. The result would
be that the teachers would get a few
cents on the dollar, that practically all
of their November and December salaries
would be Irretrievably lost. No prospect of
gettinp the salaries for those two months
is yet in sight, and the teachers are still
in the legal predicament of having looted
the city treasury last August of $113,000,
which they owe to the city and which
they must pay back, though really in
common honesty the city owes them the
amount, and more. And their share of
the balance in the treasury on December
31, yet tied up by the litigation, will not
be enough to meet this legal debt. What
they got last August they honestly earned
and had to wait for. and it was spent
months ago, hut now they have to pay it
back and lose more besides, because there
is not enough money legally available to
pay the balance that would be due them
out of their November and December sal
aries. There is a grimness about that
phase of their troubles.
The merchants brought an Injunction
suit, and the teachers brought another,
and there have been orders, demurrers,
writs and postponements galore. That is
the situation of theNnvember and Decem
ber salary account now, with a possibility
<<f s ;ine understanding with the outside
creditors being readied.
Then late in January, nearly three
months since a dollar had been paid the
teachers, the Auditor decided not to pay
January salaries until any balance due on
She was charming in those moments,
saying little phrases, cooing in pigeon
English, then breaking in voluble French
to Cocotte or Marie, her maids, to brin^
a handkerchief, a fan. anything to get
rid of them. She told the women how
she liked the American women. Most
stupid questions I had to Interpret. Some
young men would come and stammer
something about beautiful, grand and-
collapse und stare! The men were pref
erable, using more tact, more discretion,
although there were painful exceptions.
After they were gone she would cry:
"Ouf! They are gone. Quirk, Cocotte—
powder, dress and my wraps! That old
idiot of a Piron has been railing me. for
the first act." She was not punctual, but
very particular in her make-up, very con
scientious and a strong advocate of stage
realism.
I Bitting among the pillow? on the sofa,
pad in hand, she would dictate to mo hor
answers to letters. Some were begging.
others admiring, some wanted to name a
mare after her. She would laugh and
say: "If I gave to all whn asked 1 would
soon be poor myself. Throw them in the
basket."
But most of the letters were simply
written to get an autograph, and some
must have ground their teeth when they
got my illegible signature.
Sarah wan most partial to truthfulness
In costumes, and many she used to de
sign herself, such as the beautiful one of
"Gismonda," In which Mucha, the French
poster artist, represents her, with a
bunch of flowers on both sides of her
head and palms in hand. She changed
her hose every act and— a detail which
may interest women — she wore no corset
Her skin was white, of a milky white
ness which is observed in red headed peo
ple, without the freckles. Her hair was
of a beautiful Titian red. but it was dyed
to that color. It was heavy and short,
and in hor angry moods she would shako
it like a mane.
In the Oriental play of "Izeyl" her
stocking had five toes and her jewelry
was real Hindu.
On February 25, 1896, she played in Al
bany and the next day— the 26th— we were
all in Montreal. She had only twenty
two trunks of her own, which the Cana
dian officials very kindly passed through
without opening. It was cold and she
went to the Windsor.
The next day the entire company, she
leading, took sleighs and rode on the Sf.
Lawrence to a little inn, where she be
came as "one of the boys." , We ate sand
wiches and visited the Indians at Caugh
nawaga. She wore a heavy sealskin and
high heeled shoes. A mischievous idea
striking her, she jumped into the snow,
v.-o following after with groat discomfort
and loss of dignity to the elderly females.
Some of them wore low shoes and we
were in the snow up to the knees. We
were then photographed, after a battle
of snowballs, while the natives gaped and
thought it queer to see so many "beauti
ful ladies," as they said, roll in the snow
and pelt each other. The result was we
got tremendous colds, Sarah alone ex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
Well-known teachers who are doing all they can to help the workers in the School Department.
that $113,000 was figured up and taken out.
This was a disheartening blow, but a few
("iays p.eto, on suit being brought in the
nam<- of Georgia C Morse, the January
salaries were ordered paid. The new Board
of Education had reduced January sala
ries 20 per cent, and so, after waiting
over three months, the teachers and jan
! cepted, showing her extraordinary stam
; ma and endurance.
Her affection for her son Maurice was
great, and T remember cabling money to
him from Montreal at her request. A
great deal of the money she made went
to Buppori and help him in his theatrical
ventures, buying him a theater at the age
of 18.
She was very strict at rehearsals, and
would herself set the example. Khe would
work continuously, rising at about 10
o'clock, from thai hour to 12 having re
ports brought to her and receiving a few
callers. Tin n she had lunch, or what the
French call "dejeuner a ta fonrchette."
She would not drink while eating, saying
it was conducive to stoutness, and she
was afraid of that for her stage career.
She would rehearse from 1 o'clock till 5
if no matinee prevented. She would fine
any one not there, and it was a high treat
to see her recite her roles and help the
weak ones. Her memory was wonderful,
anrl she could learn her role in two or
three clays in an emergency. One of her
favorite places of solitude and retirement
when she wanted to learn a role was her
studio. Nobody dared interrupt her.
Hardly eating from suppressed excite
ment, she would walk up and down the
floor, talking aloud, gesticulating, speak
ing aloud, and I have actually seen her
cry in one of her roles— La Tosca. The
tension, she said, prostrated her. and she
would come into her room with tears
streaming down.
Bhe would use very crude language
sometimes, but it was always to the point
and in French, which, like Latin, the
French say, braves honesty. She had a
leading man— Darmand— tall and hand
some, but I remember her telling him:
"Darmand, all these females will spoil
you by their incense and flattery-" It
may be presumed they have, for he start
ed the Theater Libre in Paris In opposi
tion to her La Renaissance.
She is a woman of strong character and
does not easily forgive or forget, as I
saw often. The parasites following her
the world over cordially detested each
other, and she would say, "I have a great
time keeping my snake family quiet!"
Among these constant companions of her
whom her insight or kindness brought
out of obscurity were Suzanne Taylor, her
closest companion; Clairie Louise Abberna,
whom she made celebrated as an artist
by painting her, and several others more
ornamental than useful. She is the fairy
godmother of all who show talent,
whether young or old, and many a young
man she has helped to rise to fame.
But, like the Parisians, she must
have a new idea or new hobby to-morrow.
Continually on the go, on the breastworks,
in the battle for artistic supremacy, she
forgets her friends, being ungrateful to
some like Yaun Nibor, the sailor poet; and
hating others like Yvette Guilbert, the lit
tle songstress, as she calls her, and Re
jane, her most hateful rival at l'Opera
Comique.
She lives very pleasantly In the little
hotel In the Boulevard Pereire Nord amid
ttvn, to the number •* «-botrt 1200. hay«
received 80 per cent of one month's salary.
This has been a slight relief after the
three months of hardships, the extent of
which has surpassed anything the gen
eral public has Imagined.
, The- teachers were unable to borrow
money cf brokers on their November and
SARAH BERNHARDT in H«r Own Horn«.
Sketched from a Photograph.
the curios and souvenirs she has brought
from many places.
The hotel is one story high, built In
red brick, with a large entrance- for car
riages and persons. There Is an immense
buffalo robe In this hall, a souvenir from
Ameriosk
The sleeping apartments are sumptuous,
her bed being a square affair after the
style of Henry 11, with baldequin.
The dining room, in the front, is light
and airy, -with natural paintings. A small
parlor, rather dark, liea between this and
the etudio.
December claim*, because these had not
been allowed. Few fad any money put
by. Some were able 'to borrow here and
there of friends an^ were forced to do
bo. Others had no place to go for a dol-
j ar> jr or -weeks Bcores.^^en hundreds,
of teachers and janitors dany walked lon*
distances to schools because they could
not rid*. (The ■treat car lin«» bave lost
from $IDW to $2000 In nickels through th«
rascality of the old board.
"Up there on Blank street." said a pa
per-carrier the other day. "is a poor old
man with a wife, both unable to work.
and their only support is a daughter's
salary of $50. They can't take the piper
any more, and I can't press my bill. I
don't know what they are going to do."
"There has been more suffering In the
department than the public dreams of,"
said Professor T.yser a few days ago.
"Many teachers have families or rela
tives dependent upon them and they at
times have hardly known which way to
turn."
"Some teachers hnve been In the de
partment twenty-five years." said Prin
cipal A. T,. Mann, "and they have never
suffered anything worse than a discount
of their warrants. Now, I believe, all but
three teachers In the Denman School are
really distressed. Many teachers have
taken obligations in the way of mort
gages m homes or Installments which
now they cannot meet. It will take a long
time to make up the loss of two months'
salary and many will be badly pinched
for a good while to come. They have to
A Favorite Corner of Sarah B*rnhardt's Studio.
From a sketch by Algernon G. Shaw.
the°?tuSo. tW ° BtCPa and *™ ln
The most striking thing Is a large paint
ing, by Clalrie. representing her as Frou
frou.
Showcases are next to the wall- a
painting of her son Maurice playing with
an aristocratic hound.
There is a divan, arms on the wall, more
paintings a palm tree, a large piano,
books and photographs on the table.
She is an artist of no mean ability, as
her bust of Damala, her former Greek
husband, testifies. Damala was a beauti
ful type of manhood, but died of the mor
phine habit.
There is little else can be Bald of her,
Jtai/e Organized to
Xjhetr
interests.
deny themselves many things they hay»
been accustomed to and many must go
without needed clothes. Most can get
credit In a small way, but It la humiliat
ing to have to keep creditors waiting and,
: moreover, half the ordinary expenses of
life require cash."
"I have known times when certain
teachers had only bread to eat and rlso
many instances of help being press* on
those who would not ask It." said Prin
clpal Emma Stincen. "Many have bo»n.
6lmply desperate at times and It has .<■••>
bo discouraging that It has taken their
heart for their work, out of them and
thus been an injury to the schools." '
Besides the teachers and janitors and
those dependent on them and their sala
ries of from $25 a month up, the loss of
nearly $200,000 and the delay in paying
January salaries has been a hardship to
thousands of others. All over the ctty
landladies have had to wait for needed
board, and rent payments, "and ha-. had
to put off their own creditors because of:
It. In every .line of business and profes
sion the two months' loss and three
months' wait have caused invonvenienca
and distress. J ■ <;'v''
Meanwhile the teachers' committee | g
seeking a #ay to get a few cents on *he
dollar at' least out of the wreck. Pome
look to a future bond issue under the new
charter. "Elisha Brooks suggests increas-
Ing the monthly salaries one-twelfl of
the amount due for one year, which could
be legally done. But the new charter goes
Into effect on the first of the year, and it
limits the salary fund to $2S for eac pn
pil in average attendance. Under the new
charter Principal Brooks' plan would
have to be acomplished within this limit.
This might be done during the fiscal year
beginning July 1 next and before the char
ter goes into effect. Under the new char
ter salaries will be safe in a special fund.
Amid all this trouble tfie teachers re
ceived a new scare the other day in news
from Sacramento that there was pending
a bill threatening their prized civil ser
vice tenure by requiring the annual elec
tion of teachers throughout the State.
Thereupon there was another big maps
meeting at the Girls' High School on
Monday, when Charles H. Murphy, W. D.
Kingsbnry and Deputy Superintendent
Mark were appointed to go to Sacra
mento and look after fhla and other
' threatened legislation. The bill waa
quickly amended so as to except cities and
counties, but there is danger even with
that change, for nobody can tell until
the Supreme Court gets through with It
whether a general law applies to San
Francisco or not.
A Russian shopkeeper has hit upon a
unique form of advertisement.
"The reason why I have hitherto h*en
able to sell my poods so much cheaper
than anybody else is that 1 am a bache
lor, and "do not need to make a profit for
the maintenance of a wife and children.
II is now my duty to inform the puhllc
that this advantage will shortly be with
drawn from them, as I am about to be
married. They will, therefore, do well to
make their purchases at once at the old
prices."
Employer— l..at 6 again, John; can't you
manage "to get here in time?
Employ?— l can't sleep o' nights, sir,
and am apt to he lare in the morning.
Employer — H'm, sleeplessness. Why
don't you consult a doctor and find out
the cause?
Employe— l know the cause, sir; It la six
weeks old.
intimate life, which is systematic, ener
! getic and of ceaseless toil, exceot the
1 few months she takes by the sea in Brit
anny every year.
Of her Incomparable talent nothing can
be said for or against it. She often told
that it was a sad thing for her to think
that she would age and have to retire.
"I will stay on the stage until T drop,"
she would say. "There is no rest for me,"
and with a touch of sadness she would
' add, 'il am on the move all the timo; I
! play all the timo, and still 1 am cnniDara-
I tively poor. How I would like to rest and
end my days by the ocean in Brittany at
Belle Isle, far from those who smile at
me whiie hating me."
ALGERNON G. SHAW. ,t pages bm^
25 -ro 32 "^^^^
Remarkable Story of the Oldest Living Californian
Jcidnapect lOhen a
ffioy and brought to
van Francisco u/hen
TJhere 71/ as Only One
Jtouso Jrere.
JOHN SEBASTIAN, age PS years,
birthplace Montreal, Canada.
Just a tiny white card of identi
fication pasted above a cot at the
City and County Hospital.
And the man who gasps for breath
on the cot and in pain and poverty counts
oft his years that are so close to the cen
tury mark — this man, who is now eat
ing the crust of charity and quaffing the
cup of bitterness that falls to the lot of
the sick and destitute, was once monarch
of all he surveyed. For John Sebastian
came to San Francisco long before the
days of old, the days of gold. While tne
forty-niner was yet plowing the fields
on a New England farm, or measuring
out sugar at a grocer's, John Sebastian
was breaking bread with the good padres,
who counted their beads and said
their orisons in the Mission Dolores.
The holy padres and a half a dozen.
Mexicans were then then the only
dents of Terba Buena. That was in 1812.
For John Sebastian claims that during
the year that America was fighting Eng
land in 3M2 and while most people were
still unaware of the existence of Califor
nia. h' 1 first saw the stretch of sand dunes
is now covered by the thriving city
r.Hsco. From that day he has
n out of California.
eighty-seven years that John
lived here he has reaped
C barren regrets. He lived
■ d the life of the Californian
and the sorrows and misfor
• have been theirs since tlie
have likewise darkened
why John Sebastian does not
■.. neer Society.
an "oldest inhabitant"
. b not hear modern ear
mpared with John Sebastian's.
site John A. Slitter's
late date when lined up
12 which John Sebastian writes
h?s ::ame.
i loved the Mexicans and
them. He was bound to
j clos< r ti- s than kinship— affection
tection. They taught this little
the far-off country to Fit in the
■ . throw the lasso, eat frijoles and
Purita Meadcana."
■ In time he forgot that he was not
"Purlto Mexicano." And when other
• white people began to come to California
they, too, regarded young Sebastian as a
- latter-day biographers and his
torians have not had a clew to this "old
est pioneer" and have bestowed the honor
whore it does not belong.
It was not until sick and well-nigh dy
ing Sebastian came up here to the hos
pital That his story became known. He
had traveled in a wagon, peddling by the
way. from Monterey to Hollister. There
his asthma became so bad that he turned
his horse loose, sold the broken-down
wagon, and with the proceeds came to
the city to seek relief in the hospital.
Because he was almost a centenarian
he attracted the attention of the officials
at the hospital. For, despite the fact that
he is almost 99, his eye is bright and his
brain clear. But his speech is impeded by
the dreadful asthmatic attacks and his
tongue does not lend itself as easily to
English as to Spanish.
Bit by bit. however, his story unfolded
itself as day by day he became stronger
an.d more inclined to talk. On the cot
next to him lies a man who came to Cali
fornia in '48. Though he is but three
score years and ten, his hair is whiter
and he is far less active than John Se
bastian. For Sebastian, like the old peo
ple of his adopted race, does not show
his age.
Common Little Lives-Sunday Sermon
By Rev. Geo. L. Perm, Boston, Mass.
Well, thou good servant; because thou hast been faithful
in a very little, have fhou authority over ten cities. — Luke
X'X-17 .
Special to The Sunday Call.
EVERY ore will recognize these words
as belonging to the Master's answer
to the first servant, in the parable of
the talents. He was given one talent.
or pound, which he straightway in
vested; and when his Lord comes he
has. instead of one pound, ten pounds to
return The point of interest is to be
found in the fact that the servant did not
despise his opportunity.
My purpose would be served nearly as
well, perhaps, with the answer of the
third servant, "Lord, behold here is thy
pound which I have kept laid up in a nap
kin." Probably one reason of this action
to be found in the fact that the man
had so very little to use. U seemed to
him commonplace— so small it was hardly
worth Investing. The easiest thing was
simply to keep it and give it back When
his Lord came. What was he? A poor,
unworthy servant* What were his oppor
tunities? Poor and metin at the best.
What could he do with his common little
Not much, surely; and so he under
-1 the whole thing and threw away
his opportunities.
There is a good deal of that same spirit
in the world to-day. Wo think of our
aa common, of our opportunities as
aid mean, and so we come at hist to
underestimate the common day, with its
common task; to nndcrestimate the com
mon event with its common settings, and
ther to overestimate the occasional
irith its occasional task. I would like
to hold the thought before you that, when
Ht from a high point <.f view, there
are really no common days, nor common
lives, nor common events, so long as they
are linkM win. some genuine moral pur
pose. And yet things really do seem com
SbH H> . JL- WL 3r B XL o 11) *r £3^^hikb^^bkj9&'
"I remember It was just after my
ith birthday." said Sebastian, in re
counting; how he came to California in
ISI2. "that I was down at the wharf in
Montreal. Some sailors asked me if I
would like to go on board their ship. I
was ful! of curiosity ainl of course I said
They took me into the cabin and
mo nuts and candy to eat and
strange shells to play with. This was
part of their trick to kidnap me and use
me as a cabin boy.
"I fell asleep, and when I awoke I felt
terribly sick. After we had been out to
sea a few days I got over the seasick
ness. Then I began to cry for my father
and mother. I wanted to play with my
little brothers and sisters. But the cap
tain told me it would be a long time be
fore I would see them again. He said
we were going to a strange country
called California. The captain was an
Englishman, but many of the sailors
spoke French, and as my parents were
French-Canadians and I could speak the
language they grew very fond of me.
Every one was very kind to me. I never
forgot the name of the captain nor the
ship's name. It was th»- Colombo and
the Captain's name was Umphrey.
"It seemed years to me before I woke up
one morning and found that we were not
moving. Soon some sailors took me on
shore. There was just one house in sight,
and to that we went. That was the first
house on the spot that afterward became
San Francisco. While the sailors were
bartering for hides and tallow I talked
with the padre. He was French and the
only one who could understand me. Tho
rest of the people on shore were Mexi
cans. I told him my name and then he
made me tell him all about the sailors
taking me from Montreal.
"There was a tall dark gentleman in a
big sombrero who stood near us and lis
tended to -what we said. The father spoke
to him in Spanish and the gentleman pat
ted my head and smiled at me.
"After supper the padre asked me If I
would like to go with the gentleman. I
said 'yes,' and that very night I was put
on a horse and rode away with the gen
tleman. We traveled for several days.
"It was Senor Pacheco, father of Ro
mualdo Pacheco, and he took me to
his ranch. I soon learned to talk Span
mon, even commonplace, and we grow
tired of them. Why is it?
• • •
Familiarity without appreciation makes
I things seem commonplace. Supposing the
'• moon were to rise only once a year— then,
I whether seen in crescent or with its full
I face of light, we should all turn out even
I at midnight to see it; but we have grown
I familiar with the sight, and so, perhaps,
I careless. Yet to the heart with apprecia
j tion it is still just as silvery, just as
I beautiful, just as wonderful as it ever
I was. Men will prepare for months ahead
for an eclipse of the sun, and all the
world stands gazing in wonder before the
creeping shadow which slowly shuts out
the light of day. But every day of the
sun's shining, with its warmth and light
' and comfort and life-giving power, is a
i thousandfold more wonderful than the
-•■■
I remember with what wonder T took
my first kuruma ride through the streets
of a Japanese city. Everything" l saw,
from the curious little wagon in which I
was riding, the queer little people swarm
ing around me, the strange little band
box houses and shops, to the wonderful
five-story pagoda and the old medieval
castle, seemed nothing less than marvel
ous to me. I felt If I were to stay in
the country for fifty years tne wonder
of it would oever pass away. But it was
the same old story. I actually lived there
only four years, and long before I left I
could rid<- from end to end of the great
city of Tokio without a single thrill of
wonder. Our own land, our streets, our
city, our people are just as wonderful to
the eyes of the stranger; there isn't a
commonplace spot in his own town to a
man of appreciation who has not lost the
art of seeing things.
So it is with our lives; they are not
common and never commonplace, save to
him who grows too familiar to see the
' wonder and the glory contained therein.
SA?Q FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
Came to California in IS/2,
Sometimes I go to a carpenter's ship and
see a man skillfully using tool after tool
with a dexterity and intelligence that
seem to me scarcely less than marvelous.
But the poor carpenter toils away day
after day for what he , regards as poor
wages, perhaps discontented, troubled,
weary with his lot. disgusted with life
and longing to fly away from it all. It
is commonplace because it is too familiar.
Go into a great cotton mill and look for
the first time upon a marvelous machine
in operation. But what will the poor
weaver tell you if you ask him what be
thinks about it? The wonder is ail gone,
curiosity all gone, interest n.ll gone; per
haps little save loathing left. And yet,
really in all these spheres what the un
initiated sees is there. It is curious, it
is wonderful, it is interesting to the last
degree; but the one who is living in it
lias prown so familiar with it that his
interest is all pone and he becomes weary
and disheartened.
So in every walk and every work in
life. The housekeeper feels it, the
teacher feels it, the lawyer feels It, the
mechanic feels it, and each one comes to
say at last: "Oh, what a commonplace
life this is I am leading!' Commonplace
because it is familiar, und there is no
longer an appreciative heart to see the
wonder and glory of it all.
Weary as we grow of our common little
lives, they have their value, and I want
to point out a few important facts.
In the first place, we find here the real
tests of character. What was the real
measure and test in the life of General
Grant? It was measured not on the bat
tlefleld, but In his home at Galena, in
communication with his officers around
the camp fire, in the hours when off duty
and off his guard. What was the true
measure of President Lincoln? There
are those who say it IB to be found in
the heroic patience with which he en
dured the four years' struggle in the
"White House. But far more truly was
the measure of the man taken in the
years of preliminary preparation as rail
splitter, surveyor, law student, success
ful lawyer and politician on the frontier
of Illinois.
Many men acquit themselves splendid
ly on public occasions, rise to great
heights of eloquence and power when in
view of other men, who are mean and
petulant and critica* and overbearing and
difficult, to live with in private. It is not
so difficult to be great on great oeca
| slons; the blood is up, courage runs high,
there is inspiration and hope. How much
more difficult it Is to be great amid the
grinding cares and toils of one's common
life from day to day! How hard to be
great when there is no banner, no music,
no applauding multitude — but when, si
lent and lonely, one sees the simple du
ties needing to be done without a word
jof praise or a ray of hope. How many
brilliant women there are. in the face of
other men and women, social stars and
suns, fitted to dazzle and charm and In
terest by their graces of manner or cul
ture of mind, who are absolutely unin
teresting and nearly useless amid the
petty cares and simple duties of life. It
Is so much harder to be great in common
life than to be great on the special oc
casion.
Xo; for the real tests of life you shall
not go to the battlefield, nor the Senate
chamber, nor the ballroom, nor the stock
exchange, nor the legal forum. You
shall go to the home and study the spirit
of the girl In the kitchen who does the
drudgery of the family life, or see the
patient wife and mother, with infinite
care and painstaking doing the simple
things from day to day which need to
be done to hold the homo intact; nr to
the husband returning after his day of
toil in shop or field or office, and watch
his intercourse with wife and child and
servant, or follow him back again on the
morrow and see how ho acquits himself
at his work. Is he brave, is he patient,
is he earnest, is he temperate in this
common little life which he is living from
day to day? The test is there.
jCed a Singular JLife
of 7/ps and *Downs
and i/ow J%e Jrfao
{Reached the <Snd~~
the Jilnuhouse.
ish. and the senor was always very
kind to me. He wrote down my name nnd
the date that we put into port and said
that If ever he got a chance he would let
my parents know what had become of
me. I grew up just like the other Mexi
can boys and I was never lonesome for
Montreal.
"Years afterward, when young Vallejo,
who afterward became General Vallejo,
went to Sonoma he took me with him.
Senor Vallejo, his father, sent him there
to manage the large tracts of land that
the Vallejos owned around what is now
Santa Rosa. At the mission of San Fran
cisco Solano was a padre and I used to
talk Knglish with him. General Vallejo
told him my story and he wrote to the
American Consul at Monterey. Through
thfs Consul my parents heard of me.
"But I did not want to go back to Mon
treal. -I loved my friends, the Vallejos,
Pachecos and the rest of them too much
to leave them.'
"General .Vallejo always treated the
Americans kindly, but they took every
thing away from him a^id from all the
rest of the Mexicans, who had this coun
try long before the Americans came to
ft. When he died I lost my best friend.
I will never forgive the Americans. They
killed him. Not with shot, but they broke
his henrt. All my other friends were
treated the same way. Now they are all
poor: once they had everything.
"Have I got no one to take care of me?
I never married, and my friends are all
Mexicans, and they are dead or too poor
to help m*\ What little they have they
will share with me. but I cannot accept
anything from their small savings. I
never made friends among the gringos.
They did not treat the Mexican right, and
I hate them."
It is like showing the proverbial red rap
to the bull tn mention the gringo to John
Sebastian. Attempt to defend the Ameri
cans and his weak gray eyes light up with
an intense hatred. He immediately re
fuses to talk, and his anger usually
brhifTS on an asthmatic attack.
Addressed !n Spanish, however, he
told his story willingly and in a very
clear, connected manner, considering his
years. Though he often wandered from
the main thread of his interesting story
he would never say anything of the hap
Most Tariffing Race on Record.
AMONG all the wonders of the last
twenty years, there have been few
things more remarkable than the
development of speed in cycling.
It seems but yesterday that there
were only four men in the world
who could ride a mile on a track under
3 minutes, and that Cortis' feat of com
passing twenty miles within an hour was
a world's wonder. To-day Major Taylor,
the lightning black rider of the States,
can ride a mile in 1 minute. 41 2-5 seconds,
or, with a flying start, in 92 seconds, a
rate of 39 miles an hour; and Elkes, an
other American racer, has covered 34
miles 1220 yards within the hour.
After thirty years of development the
cycle has at last eclipsed in speed every
means of traveling except the locomotive.
It can give the swiftest thoroughbred
that ever flashed round Tattenham Cor
ner a start and a beating in a mile race,
while for shorter distances Persimmon
even would be left panting in the rear.
To illustrate the relative speeds of the
different methods of human progression,
let us in fancy start them all in a mile
handicap. No such thrilling race has
ever been seen on any track, and it would
be worth traveling a thousand miles to
see it.
We must place Major Taylor on his
cycle at scratch. We will take Persim-
Tnon In his marvelous form of Derby day,
1898, when ho covered the course in the
astonishing time of 2 minutes 42 seconds,
and, mounting Watts on his back, we will
give him 20 yards start of the bicycle.
The fastest mile ever trotted is credited
to Alix. who brought down the mile time
to 2 minutes, 33.4 seconds. ■ ur cyclist will
be able to give this lightning trotter a
start of 318 yards. The fastest mile ever
covered on skates wan J. Nilsson's mile
at Montreal, which he covered in 2 min
utes 41*8 seconds, a speed which would
admit of a start of C 3 yards from Taylor.
W. G. George, in 1886. ran a mile In four
minutes 12% seconds, and would require a
start of bi less than 1054 yards, or 154
yards more- than half the mile.
The winning Oxford crew of 1593 cov
ered the course, from Putney to Mortlake.
at the rate of 4 minutes 42 seconds a mile,
and would claim a start from the cyclist
jM PAG~ESj|||p
W$ 25 to 32 VgfpU
peninga during the great gold excitement
Of '49.
"I kept store on North Fork. I put some
money In a mine, but they cheated me,"
is the way he dismisses that exciting
period in the history of the State. He
has wiped his memory clear of the
"gringo" and his doings.
Bui while the present and the immedl
ate past are dimly Impressed, the memo
ries of those earlier, happier days come
surging thick and fast to crowd out the
Joyless happenings of Inter years,
Sebastian has not forgotten the days
of bountiful hospitality when the Mexi
cans' doors swung wide open for padre,
beggar or senor. - He recounts the days of
feasting and thp bullfights; nights passed
in watching the fascinating fandango and*
softly stnimming on the gu'tar.
At times he forgets that he is on a nar
row cot in a public hospital. With a gay
band of cavaliers he is traveling sixty
miles to attend some wedding where rich,
and poor will feast and mak" m^rry for
a week. The cavalier in those days would
often travel for days if a pair of black
eyes and twinkling feet awaited him at
the .iourney's end.
Then there are moments when John Se
bastian realizes his prosent plight. But
those moments are fortunately few. Ho
t<-lls his story, his age — 98 years, the year
that ho came to California— lßl2, in a sim
ple, straightforward manner that does
not admit of dispute.
For he does not say it boastfully. He
docs not wish to be enrolled as the first
and oldest pioneer. Hi 1 will have nothing
of the "gringos and their societies." Ha
states it simply. :is if it were an ordinary,
indisputable fact.
• • •
T.nst week Sebastian was removed from
the County Hospital to the Almshouse,
where he expects to end his days.
While a crowd ot Harvard boys w«r«
celebrating the Pennsylvania game in . he
cafe of a Boston hotel, one of the students
became infatuated with a gorgeous wliite
waistcoat worn by one ot the colored
waiters. He called the man and said to
him. "I want to buy that waistcoat. '
"What you want of that west, boss?"
said the man.
"I just want to buy it. What will you
take for it?"
After a good deal of guffawing and
pome hesitation, the colored man allowed
that he would take five dollars for it.
"Done," said the Harvard man. and he
pulled out a five-dollar bill and gave it to
the negro, who began to pull off the
waistcoat.
"Oh. you needn't do that." said the stu
dent: "I don't want you to give it to me
— I just wanted to feel that I owned that
waistcoat."
Ine negro went to wait on his own ta
ble, whpn the student called to him,
"Come here!"
"What you want, boss?"
The student called the negro up close,
dipped his own fingers into a plate of
cranberry sauce, and with them proceeded
to mark a big "H" on the middle of the
front of the white waistcoat— his waist
coat!
"I hear you have a little sister at your
house?" said the grocer to a small boy.
"Yes, sir," replied Johnny.
"Do you like her?" was the grocer's
next question.
"I wish it was a boy," said Johnny, "so
I could play marbles with him. an ball,
an' all those things when he got bigger."
"Well," said the grocer, "why don t you
exchange your little sister for a boy?"
Johnny reflected for a minute, then
saiil. rather sorrowfully:
''We can't now. It's too late. We've
used her four days!"
of 1127 yards, oc -within 633 yards of the
goal; and the swiftest living walker, to
rival W. Perkins' speed in 1874, when he
covered a mile in 6 minutes 23 seconds,
would require a start of no less than 129*
yards, leaving him little over a quarter
of a mile to cover.
Our handicap for the most exciting rare
of all time stands thus: bicycle scratch;
Persimmon, 20 yards; trotter, 31S yards;
skater, 653 yards; runner. 1054 yards;
racing eight. 1127 yards; and walker, 1294
yards. A race with these handicaps would
furnish the closest finish in sporting an
nals, for all the competitors would break
the tape at exactly the same moment, un
less one or other broke the record and
came in by a neck.
To introduce the locomotive into our
"end of the century" race, we will credit
it with a speed of 60 miles an hour, and
should have to place it 1214 yards behind
scratch.
The speed per hour developed by the dif
ferent Competitors would be: Locomotive,
CO miles: cyclist. 39 miles; thoroughbred, a
shade under 39 miles: trotter. 29: skater
22 1-3: runner, 14 1-5; racing eight, about
1234; and walker, over 9 1-3 miles an hour.
But more marvelous even than the cy
clist's speed is his power of endurance.
To cover a mile in 1 minute 41 2-3 seconds.
and 34 miles 1220 yards in an hour fs by no
means as astounding as to maintain a
rate of 25 2-3 miles an hour for 24 consec
utive hours, as M. CorOang did in his mar
velous days ride at the Crystal Palace in
1897.
The stupendous nature of this feat be
j comes apparent when we consider thai he
could have run sixty-one of the swiftest
horses in England to a standstill, racing
them one after the other for ten m:!t>3
each: probably the most wonderful evi
dence of human endurance and perfect
mechanism ever seen in the worlds his
i tory.
Almost equally remarkable, when we
consider the difficulties of surface, pradi
ent and weather are the long-distance cy •
cle records on the roads. Last year F. R.
Goodwin covered a distance of 42s miles
on ihu road In tv. >. r.ty lcur hours, main
ta'ninp an average s-peed of ncarlv eight.
een miles an hour.26
THE gayety of th© social world la
reluctantly giving way to the calm
of the Lenten season. As yet
there has been no appreciable dif
ference in the number of enter
tainments given. Luncheons, dinners, af
ternoon receptions and theater parties
have continued as heretofore, dancing
being the only diversion that has been
tabooed. Although a few of the belles
have taken prompt advantage of the rest
and Quiet that the penitential period of
fers, there are others who would prolong
their amusements and who give them up
unwillli
• • •
Grand opera is the brightest spot in the
near future. It is quite the proper thing
to be musical in Lent, and society is lit
erally counting the days until a week
from to-morrow night, when it will be
given a chance to don its finest raiment
and miillnery in honor of the song birds'
reign at the Grand Opera-house.
Mrs. Harold Sewall has been the pivot
around which interests of a social nature
have revolved during the week, numerous
entertainments having been given her In
order to make pleasant her visit to her
old home.
One of the most charming of the affairs
fiven in her honor was the luncheon which
Mrs. Downey Harvey gave at resi
dence on Pacific avenue last Tuesday.
Those Invited to meet Mrs. Sewall were:
Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase, Mrs. Jack
Cunningham, Mrs. Mountford Wilson, Mrs.
W. Mayo Newhall, Mrs. Rudolph Spreck
eis. Mrs. McMullin-Belvin, Mrs. Robert
Nuttall, Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mrs. Chaun
cey R. Winslow, Mrs. McLaren, Miss
Catherine Clement and Miss Smith.
On Wednesday evening Mrs. Sewall was
again the guest of honor at a theater
at the Orpheum. given by Mr. and
Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase. The others
entertained were: Mr. and Mrs. Timothy
Hopkins, Miss Kohl, Frank Michaels and
Edyar Mizner.
• • •
One of the most elaborate weddings of
the season was that of Miss Minnie
Schwabacher and Albert Ehrman, which
took place last Wednesday evening, at the
home of the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs.
Louis Schwabacher, 181!') Clay street.
Mips Emma M. Kohler was united in
marriage to Maurice Silbersteln on Wed
nesday evening, March 1, at the First
Unitarian Church. Rev. Horatio Steb
blna officiated. The bride is the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Kohler and grand
daughter of the late Charles Kohler.
After the ceremony there were a recep
tion and supper in the rooms of the Soro
s-is Club.
Another wedding, which took place on
Wednesday evening, was that «f MIM
Adelaide Allen anu Maruu bnu'ui, ttt i...-'
Hotel St. Nicholas. The Right Rev. Wil
liam Hall Moreland officiated. Mrs. Smith
is the daughter of A. M. Allen, the Ne
vada City capitalist. The groom is also
a capitalist and a member of the Bone
mian Club. Mr. and Mrs. Smith left on
Thursday to visit the home of Mr. Smith's
father near Los Angeles. Upon their re
turn they will make a trip to Honolulu,
coming back later to reside in this city.
• » »
Major General William Rufus Shatter,
U. S.A., was the guest of honor last Wed
nesday evening at a banquet given by
California Commandery of the Loyal Le
gion, at the Occidental Hotel. Colonel J.
C Currier presided. Among the speakers
of the evening were General Shafter,
Commodore Watson, Horace Davis and
Captain Terry.
Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase gave a
charming children's party on Saturday,
February 25, at her residence, 2618 Buch
anan street, at which she entertaind
thirty-five little ones.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker gave an
elaborate dinner party at the Waldorf-
Astoria Hotel in New York city recently.
Their guests were Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Oelrlchs, Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Dillon Rip
ley Mr. and Mrs. James Speyer, Mr. and
Mrs. Lanfear Norrie, Mr. and Mrs. Her
man Oelrichs, Mr. and Mrs. Charlos
Childs Mr. and Mrs. W. Storrs Wells,
Mr. and Mrs. George B. de Forest, Mrs.
James P. Kernochan, Mrs. Frederick
Neilson. Mrs. Mopes Taylor Campbell,
Miss Louise McAllister William H.
Crocker and T. Sandford Beatty.
At a dinner given Thursday evening by
Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Hellman at thnlr res
idence, corner of Franklin and Sacramen
to streets, announcment was made of the
engagement of their daughter, Miss Clara
Hellman, to Emanuel S. Heller. The
bride-elect made her social debut two
years ago. Mr. Heller is a young attor
ney and a eon of the late Moses Heller,
one of California's pioneer capitalists. No
date has been set for the wedding but
it will probably take place in the fall.
Another engagement of Interest is that
of Miss Irma Herz to Nathan Landsbcr
§»r, the young violinlßt. Miss Herz is the
aughter of the late Dr. Cornelius Herz.
• • •
Announcement is made of the engage
ment of Mrs. A. S. Hollister and James
Rowlands Jr. Mrs. Hollister is the daugh
ter of James B. Stevens of this city. Mr.
Newlands is the son of James Newlands
of Nevada and a nephew of Hon. Francis
G. Newlands, the Congressman from Ne
vada. The wedding will take place on
Wednesday, March  at the residence of
the bride's family on Vallejo Btreet. It
■will be a very quiet affair owing to the
Illness of her father.
Mr and Mrs. Samuel Knight, accom
panied by Miss Merrill, went south early
in the week.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Watson returned
to the city Wednesday morning after
Bpending a few weeks in Southern Cali
fornia. They are located at the Califor
nia Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Clemmon Horst and
family, accompanied by Mrs. W. B. C.
Brown, returned Wednesday * from a
month's visit to Coronado Beach.
Sheldon Kellogg has returned from a
visit to his parents at their Santa Clara
home. .*'■■'— ......
Mrs. W. Frank Pierce and her daugh
ter Miss Frances Pierce, have returned
to their home in Oakland after a pleasant
stay at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Dexter
Pierce, "Glen Ridge," near Los Gatos.
Mr. and Mrs. Lorlr.g G. Nesmlth hay»
come up l'rom San Jose and are occupying
apartments at the California Hotel.
Mr and Mrs. Callaghan Byrne have
token a house at Santa Monica for the
Mr. and Mrs. Sydney V. Smith expect
to sail this week for Japan for the bene
fit of Mr. Smith's health. They will be
£one six weeks. Their daughter, Mrs.
,ansdale, will join them at Honolulu on
their return trip.
Colin M. Smith returned Friday from
his Eastern trip.
Major General Shafter, U. S. A., left on
Thursday for Bakersfield, where he will
snend Sunday. He was accompanied by
Captain W. ft. McKlttrick, U. S. V., and
Mrs. McKittrlck.
John Dolbeer and Miss Bertha Dolbeer
returned from Coronado Beach on Tues
day and are at the Palace Hotel.
Southard Hoffman returned from Hono
lulu on Wednesday after a month's ab
sence in the islands whore his family
have been spending the winter.
Mrs Prentiss Selby is visiting Mrs. Ed
ward Bosqui at her home in Ross Valley.
Captain F. L. Carrington, U. S. A., who
arrived In this city last week on a short
leave of absence, has returned to Van
couver Barracks with Mrs. Carrinerton
and their Ua&r- daughters, who have been
spending the winter in Berkeley.
Mr. and Mrs. Chester L. Smith and
family and Mrs. George W. Bowers are
at the Colonial, where they will remain
during 1 the coming season.
Mr. and Mrs. Sumner Buckbee, accom
panied by Miss Annie Meeker, are now at
Sorrento" They will spend the spring
months there, and before returning to this
country will visit Norway and Sweden.
Miss Bettie Ashe is visiting Mrs. Wil
liam Babcock at San Rafael.
Mrs. Mary E. Hart left Thursday for a
month's visit to relatives in Los Angeles.
• • •
The Fortnightly, San Mateo's Uterary
society held its fifty-first meeting at the
residence of D. V. Walker. San Mateo,
on Thursday evening. The following were
present: Mr and Mrs. W. H. Palmer, Mr.
and Mrs. George W. Dickie. Mr. and
Mrs. W. E. Dennison, Mr. and Mrs. C. M.
Morse Mr. and Mrs. Phil M. Roedel,
Mr. and Mrs. D. F. Walker, Mr. and Mrs.
J H. Doane, Mr. and Mrs. George C.
Ross. Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Lawrence, Mr.
and Mrs Paul Bettelheim. Rev. and Mrs.
George Wallace. Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Ful
ler Mr and Mrs. D. W. Donnelly. Mrs.
voii Wedelstaedt. Mrs. Reynolds, Mrs. E.
W Van Slyke. Mrs. F. T. Ferree, Mrs.
Sisson. Mrs. E. McD. Johnstone. Mrs. C.
H Kirkbride, Miss Goodhue, Miss May
Trolliet Miss Belle Dennison, Miss Bon
nie Waggoner. Miss Lawrence, Miss Ed
wards Miss Reynolds, Miss Louise Fer
ree Miss Dickie and Miss yon Wedel
<?taedf L. 11. Wilcox, L. C. McAfee, C.
GOSSIP OF A SOCIETY BUD
DEAREST Marguerite: This has
hcen a red, white and blue week.
"The army and navy forever!" is
now our motto. For shoulder
straps and brass buttons have
cast a golden glow over our little Len
ten pastimes. Were it not for the offi
cers we. girls would simply have to hiber
nate on the memory of former days. For
the men have taken to this reprieve from
social duties like colts on the green pas
tures and we can only watch their antics
from afar — over the fence, as It were.
They have entirely deserted us, just
dropping in for a moment or two on
Sunday afternoons to "keep off the social
blacklist/ Dick says "Lent's not so aw
fully dry, don't cher know:" and then
smacks his lips and looks wise. So
they've evidently found a substitute tor
cotillon punch.
However, we don't mind a bit— not a
bunch of sour grapes! For with the lowa
in our harhor and the cadets from Y.'est
Point on our shores what more can w«
ask? The officers on the lowa have en
tertained us one and all. Almost every
day there is a luncheon on board to which
a dozen or more girls and chaperones are
invited. Each time it Is a different set,
and every one vites the lowa the
rint-st ship that ever anchored, and its
officers the most gallant hosts that ever
drank to lovely woman. When they go
we shall have to repress our sighs or
there will be a gale at sea.
A great many of the '99 boys from
West Point are with us, waiting for the
first transport to take them to Manila.
They are dear little boys, who are full
of enthusiasm and are not gLven to un
derestimating their own importance. They
blush prettily when addressed by their
titles, and wear their straps with the
same transparent air of nonchalance that
the little girl assumes when she borrows
a long gown and plays "growed up."
They are the dearest youngsters, and
while we have not, perhaps, lost our
hearts to them in the first person, singu
lar number, still we love them collective
ly. A great many ot them who were to
leave on the Valencia called on Friday
evening to say au revoir. They really
were not a bit sorry to go. for they are
so anxious to smell gunpowder that even
parting from us did not cause their tears
to flow.
Ou Tuesday night the officers gave an
informal hop at the : Presidio. The girls
who aro. keeping Lent strictly said "Nay,
nay," but some of us. and I plead guilty,
stifled our little compunctions of conven
tionality, and accepted. We had a per
fectly delightful time and have ali vowed
to go every time they give one, Lenten re
strictions "to the contrary notwithstand
ing. Besides they are such informal little
affairs that surely if the ladies can have
their card parties we can have our hops.
The married ladies have all taken to
cards. Mrs. Jones. Mrs. Smedberg and
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins have all given
card parties at which twenty or more of
our discreet mammas have tried for the
prizes. Mrs. Morgan gave one on Friday
;o eighteen ladies, the materfamilias
among them, and instead of being satiated
with card parties they have declared their
intention of keeping them up ail through
However, Mrs. Morgan will not be with
them, for she and Theresa left for Coro-
L. Dresbach, A. L. Hall, Frank Rodolph,
'Mr Fuller, Mr. Johnstone, C. N. Kirk
! bride. Dr. yon Wedelstaedt, Dr. Slsson,
j Rev. R. H. Kennedy, Charles Roedel, F.
Dickie, Grove Lawrence and Phil Wal-
A 'pleasant party was given to Miss
Theresa Giovanini at her residence, (29
Thirteenth street, Tuesday evening, Feb
ruary 21, in honor of her eighteenth birlh
i day. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
P. 'Giovanini, Mr. and Mrs. P. Prior, Mr.
i and Mrs. J. Klein, Mr. and Mrs. C.
i Schopp, Mrs. C. Osterloh, Miss Theresa
1 Giovanini, Miss Martha Sohnabel, Miss
Louise Werner, Miss Carrie Neilsen, Miss
I Ethel Andrew. Miss Lizzie Huber, Miss
! Emma Buttner, William Huber, John
' Werner, William Moroney, Albert Oster
loh Joseph Osterloh, Clarence McClain,
Jerry Sullivan, Phil Giovanini, William
Osterloh, Otto, Romeo, Louis and Paul
Giovanini. XT
A birthday party was given to Harry
! Gaetjen at his home, 1328 Harrison street,
ion Monday evening, February 27 Those
< present were: Mr. and Mrs. Gaetjen,
i Hairy Gaetjen. Francis McDermott, Rob
| crt Seymore, Margaret McElearney, W.
! Pabst, Alicia Golden, J. McDermott,
Flora Russell, T. McGee, Mac McElear
ney W. Gaetjen, Etta MacLeod. P, Fahy,
Mac McCaron, J. Hallahan, Irene Til-
I ton Hugh Dougherty, Ruth Sleaford, t,.
I Oorman: Lucie Rienke, F. Til ton. Rosa
j line Barry. H. Lisa. Bertha Hayden, W
I Fahy, Pearl Dempsey, E. McGee and
i Alberta Edmunds.
• • ♦
The Ban Francisco Vercin was awarded
an exceptional mueical treat yesterday
afternoon by a recital given by Mollle
Adelia Brown, soprano, assisted by Rus
sell H. Bollard, cellist, and G. Fugel Crist,
i pianist. .^ , 
! The programme was artistic In Its com
| position, and was rendered in such a
j finished manner as to leave nothing to be
I desired. . .
Miss Brown quite captivated the audi
j ence with her singing. She has a fresh,
pure soprano voice of exceptional range
! and sweetness. Her upper tones are
limpid and pure, and in her middle reg
ister especially she showed sympathy and
expression. Her songs were varied in
sentiment, and she rendered them with
taste, discretion and true artistic finish.
Mr. Kallard is a masterly player of ex-
I ceeding depth of feeling, artistic phrasing
and interpretation. His tone production
is ndmirable and he handles the cello
with the confidence of an artist.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
Miss Crist displayed both as soloist and
accompanist a talent of no mean order,
and her clever work added much to the
enjoyment of the afternoon.
• • •
Miss E. M. Stevens of Portland, Or., will
rive her annual party to the children of
Silver Star Free Kindergarten in the kin
dergarten rooms, 806 Sansome street. Mon
day, March 6, from 10:30 a. m. to 1 p. m.
All" are cordially invited
The Native Sons of Vermont will give
an entertainment at Odd Fellows "Hall on
Friday evening/ March 10. Little Miss
Lottie Crowley will impersonate the God
dess of Liberty.
A grand benefit and ball will be ten
tered to Frank S. Colburn by his comrades
of the California Volunteers at Native
Sons' Hall on Saturday evening, March 18.
The d' Accord Club will close the season
of 1898-99 with an assembly and hop on
April 6 at Cotillon Hall.
The engagement la announced of J. F.
Fleming to Miss Josephine E. Murphy.
Miss Elsa Epstein of 1000 Paru street,
Alameda. accompanied by her brother,
Milton, is visiting in San Diego.
Mr. and Mrs. Wolf Samuel announce
the engagement of their daughter. Miss
Ray Samuel, to W. Bick.
The wedding of Louis M. Whitehouse
and Miss Margaret Harrison took place
on the 14th in Honolulu. The groom is a
member of the firm of Wilson & White
house.
The Fin de Siecle Whist Club met on
Thursday evening at the home of Miss
nado to-day. I ran In late Saturday aft
ernoon to say good-by. Theresa really
needs a rest, and as long as she stays in
town that is impossible. She has burned
thr- candle at both ends all season, doing
bpth socirty and athletic with a goodly
amount of reading thrown in. So, no won
der she is feeling the effects of it.
We are all golfing a.« gayly as ever, de
spite the fact that "no returns" reward
most of our valiant efforts. Miss Hough
ton won out at the last big game, which
was somewhat of a surprise even to the
young lady herself. Ella Morgan played
particularly well, which was likewise a
surprise to that devotee of the links. As
golf reaches the high-water mark of
popularity, tennis appears tq be on the
wane Off and on the old-time habitues
of the California Court wield the racquet.
But principally off— for golf has conquer
ed all rivals in the athletic field.
Mrs J. Downey Harvey gave a little
luncheon on Wednesday. We were few
in numbers, but had a delightful time.
Papa and Mr. Harvey went up to Sacra
mento the day before, so It was the old :
story of "when the cat's away.
A half dozen of us called on Leontine
Blakemaa and spent the afternoon in an
ol(]-fn=hloned "heart-to-heart. Leontine.
and Ethel Keeney wore at the hop on
Tuesday, and they declared that it was
thn first drop of comfort to revive their
drooping spirits. They find us rather dull
after St. Louis. Or rather Ethel does
Leontine did. but Fince the arrival of
Lieutenant Munton of the Twenty-third i
Infantry she condescends to smile once j
more. And the lieutenant as of yore, j
keeps within the radius of that smile. The ;
first time he was out here he was df-voted
to'her the second time he was more so.
nut now he has reached the superlative
degree, and the rest of us are correspond
'"f 'haye a re"ped a harvest of wrinkles try- !
Ing to glean something of interest from
the Lenten crop of things social. We are i
all enjoying ourselves, but just 'l"nig
nothing in particular and everybody in
general. L° vln S»' FLORA McFUMSY.
p s.— Write to Marie Wells and ask her
who Flim-Flam is.
Lottie Maeir. A series of games were
played. Miss Wolfe and F. A. West won
the first prizes. The rooms wore prettily
decorated with festoons of smilax and
banks of violets.
A birthday party was tendered to Miss
Eva Beatty at the residence of her moth
er 275 Dore street. February 11. it being
her ninth anniversary. Those present
were: Judge and Mrs. Graham, Mrs. A.
Plantz. Mrs. A. Lill, Miss L. Plantz, Miss :
T Beatty. Miss Eva Beatty, Miss Ethel |
Graham, Miss Rena Glover, Miss Gertie i
Plantz Miss Alice Foss, Miss Kate Coyne, I
Miss Gertie Foss, Miss Mamie Coyne,
Miss Vera Plantz, Miss Nouie Foley, Mips
Annie Plantz, Miss Maggie Coyne, Miss
Belle Lindsay, Edgar Plantz, Fred Ellis,
Patrick Coyne, Bert Talbot, Henry
Plantz James Graham and Frankie Foss.
The lota Chapter of the Psi Phi Fra
ternity of the University of California
•held its annual banquet Friday evening,
February 24. Dr. J. M. Williamson per
formed the duties of toastmaster. Among
the members of the faculty present were:
Dr W. B. Smith, Dr. J. M. Williamson,
and Dr. M. J. Sullivan. Of the college
staff were: Dr. J. D. Hodgen, Dr. C. A.
Sutton, Dr. W. M. Harrington, Dr. Keefe,
Dr. Tobriner and Dr.. Bowman. Of the
alumni there were present Dr. Harold
Davis, Dr. H. L. Seager. Dr. C. R. Wil
coxon. Dr. R. C. Gifson, Dr. W. R.
Hughes, Dr. C. C. Markus, Dr. C. L. Mo
rey and Dr. J. M. Stalder. The active
member* present were: J. A. Colegrove,
Scott South worth, P. H. Dunbar. 8. L. Pi
per, W. R. Allin, Robert Blake, A. L. ,
White, H. H. Rea-ding, E. E. Rogers, H.
S. Stern, H. B. Knox. W. F. Lillard, J. '■
A. Lindsay, G. S. Milberry, J. F. Gallo- j
way, John Ginno, J. H. Finley, Philip !
Cummings, Ralph Burns, Frank Vaughn, !
J. Chilton. D. E. Blackburn, E. J. Broad,
H. N. Henderson, E. F. Herbert and A.
E. Hackett.
* • •
A very pleasant evening was spent at
the home of S. A. Eklund Saturday even
ing, February 25, in honor of the twenty
first birthday of August Eklund Jr. Those j
present were: Miss Eklund, Miss Eda
Eklund, Miss Lorenzo, Miss Anderson,
Miss Hansen, Miss Friel, Miss Lorich,
Miss Etta Lorich, Miss Rissman, Miss
Marshall, Miss Sorpnsen; S. A. Eklund,
Ernest Armstrong, Oscar Armstrong,
George Armstrong, P. Rhode. Thomas
Lorenzo, A. Mellln, A. Bunth, J. T'elson,
J. Schriel, L. Rissman, Mr. and Mrs. Wal
ler. Mr. and Mrs. Westman and Mr. and
Mrs. Menzer.
A delightful euchre party was given by
SOCIETY
the Misses Jennie and Emma McMillen
at their home last Saturday afternoon.
The young ladies were assisted by Mrs.
J. Eugene Freeman, Miss Gertie Gallwey.
Miss Eva Powell, Miss Sara Dean, Miss
Tillle Feldman and Miss Julia Mau.
The Ladies' '99 Progressive Euchre
Club met at the residence of Mrs. J. N.
Patton, 505 Cole street, last Wednesday
afternoon.' The first prize was won by
Mrs. C. W. Johnson and the second prize
by Mrs. J. Edwards. Those present were:
Mrs. J. A. Becsey, Mrs. J. .Edwards. Mrs.;
M. Jennison. Mrs. C. W. Johnson, Mis. H..
J. Owen, Mrs. H. G. Trull, Mrs. G. John
son, Mrs. A. B. Maynard, Mrs. G. A.
Moore, Mrs. J. J. Reavis, Mrs. J. W. Per
ry, Mrs. Jessup, Miss Jessie Cranston and
Mrs. J. N. Patton.
The Young Men's Holy Name Society of
St. Dominic's Church are making prepa
rations for a musical and literary enter
tainment, to be held in St. Dominic's
Hall Friday evening, March 17.
• • •
The German Ladies' Benevolent Society
Red Cross will give their annual masquer
ade at Saratoga Hall. 814 Geary street, on
Saturday evening, March 11.
Theodore Frledlander, son of Mr. and
Mrs L. Friedlander. will be confirmed at
the ' Taylor-street synagogue March 11.
At home Sunday, March 12, at 2322 De
visadero street.
The San Francisco Verein gave a very
enjoyable musical recital yesterday after
noon at the club hall. Those who con
tributed to the programme were: Miss
Mollie Adelia Brown, Mr. Ballard and
Miss Gussie Fugel Crist.
The Independent Rifles gave its twenty
second anniversary ball last evening at
Saratoga Hall.
The members of the Lonng Club will
give the third concert of their twenty
second season at Odd Fellows' Hall on
Thursday evening, March 9.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Tillie Korn to Julian Oestreicher of New
York. Reception Sunday, March 12, from
2 to 5 p. m. at 1327 Laguna street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Grace Theodora Stull of Oakland to
Charles M. Elliot.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Belle Goldsmith to Dr. D. Gates Bennett.
They will be pleased to see their friends
Sunday. March 12, from 2 to 5, at 1531
Geary street.
• • •
Mlsa Constance Williams of Chicago
will be the guest of Mrs. Isidore Burns
during the engagement of the Melbourne
McDowell company in this city.
Mrs. Simon Clayburg is occupying her
new home, 1916 Jackson street, and will
rfcrive on the first and fourth Fridays
of the month.
Miss Mattle Gibney of Alameda is
among the California girls who are pur
suing vocal studies in New York City. The
reports from there of her successful prog
ress are gratifying. Her voice, which is
one of immense volume, range and rare
quality, will bo heard for the first time
by a New York audience in concert some
time noxt month.
Mrs. M. M. Kahn will be pleased to see
her friends tho first Tuesday of each
month at 16118 Sutter street.
JvHL/\Dy'S BOUDOIR.
arrangement of an apartment
or a house always betrays her
W % who occupies it. Let a visitor
who is somewhat of an observer
enter a drawing room, although |
never having met or seen the dweller,
and ho will at once be able to analyze her
tastes, her temperament— l may almost
add her virtues and her faults. How
much more Is shown in a boudoir or a
woman's little den! Every trifle is an in
dication.
Every woman of refinement ought to |
have such a den, be the space of her lodg- :
ings ever so limited. She can, if at all In- |
LAST OF BAZIN'S FAMOUS ROLLER BOAT.
BAZIN'S roller-ship, the Ernest
Bazln, now lies in the Hull Docks,
England. Had she realized the
high expectations of her builders
she was to have revolutionized the
form and -construction of our swift
est passenger steamers. She cost over
$100,000, and a large measure of praise Is
due to her plucky inventor, who had the
courage to risk a fortune in putting to the
test an entirely fresh principle in ship
genlous, always contrive -to at least re
serve some corner of the drawing or sit
ting room for that purpose, If no room can
be specially allotted for it.
Here, surrounded by screens, artistically
arranged, so as to shut her off into de
lightful privacy, in the midst of plants
and flowers, sho can dream, or write, or
simply meditate. It is hero that, morally,
she throws off all worthy conventionality
and allows herself without restraint the
joy of being entirely her own self, without
the ever ready smile of ceremony.
In the boudoir her intimate friends come
to tell their secrets or gossip of the
latest drawing room news. In the little
desk close at hand is locked up all the
precious correspondence of her dear ones,
and in fit moments she delights to peruse
it once more.
The boudoir is forbidden to all casual
intruders. Milady lives in it for herself
only, with her favorite books, her piano
and her music. Everywhere else £he may
seek to shine, to be queen. In her retired
little nook she only plans her happiness
and how to keep It.
A boudoir is necessarily of small dimen
sions. The longer and narrower the bet
ter, so as to allow the further end to re
main in a becoming semi-darkness. Al
though everywhere else In the house the
most scrupulous order needs to be ob
MARRIED AN AGONG GIRL
HONOLULU, Feb. 21.— "Love will find
the way," and so Bessie Afong,
II daughter of the Chinese Croesus of
"Hawaii, and I. R. Burns are mar
ried at last. In spite of parental opposi
tion, a delayed divorce, sisterly expostu
lations and the slow course of true love
running joltlngly, the happy day arrived
when Mr. Burns became a free man, and
there was only parental displeasure left to
cope with.
And Bessie did not cope with it. • She
betook herself to the house of an older
sister, Mrs. J. Alfred Magoon. and with
a younger sister for bridesmaid became,
under a maili bower, Mrs. I. R. Burns.
The Afong family has been for some time
divided against itself. It began when
young Humphries, a lawyer who married
Marie Afong, attempted to interfere in
the management of the Afong affairs.
Mrs. Afong took his advice kindly, but
the majority of the girls rebelled, and
"things were never the same again." So
the girls, who have sided with Bessie in
hsr love affair, did it more to go against
their mother and her adviser, Mr.
Humphries, than for any real sympathy
with Bessie, who was not going to marry
anything but a plain civilian after all, re
gardless of the Afong fondness for bra^s
buttons.
Mrs. Afong has brought up twelve
daughters without, until lately, a suspi
don of "pilikla" — which is Hawaiian for
any form of trouble. When Papa Afong
returned to China— prompted by the gen- j
erous imnulse of not making himself too
"special" and sticking to any one family,
to the exclusion of another— he left his
Hawaiian wife with two beautiful homes, |
one at the beach, tho other In a fashion
able valley, and ample means to educate |
twelve daughters. And as these daughters !
came out they married in due time, after \
tasting thodelightsof a belleship that was j
undisputed. Each daughter married a
building:.
It is easy to be wise after the event,
but his central idea of facilitating the
ship** progress by rolling over the water
instead of forcing a passage through it
was lust one of those problems which can
be solved only by a full-sized trial, and
the maritime world is Indebted in great
degree to M. Ernest Bazin for definitely
setting at rest for all time the feasibility
of attaining any notable- improvement in
speed or stability by the adoption of the
roller principle. The six hollow rollers
served, here an artistic confusion Is not
only permitted but really imperative. As
hangings and coverings only small fig
ured, light, dainty silks .must be used;
never woolen or brocade materials. Only
the airiest furniture must be adopted,
heavy pieces being entirely out of place.
One corner, of course, is to be occupied
by a comfortable couch, heaped with pil
lows, draped with antique shawls or. cost
ly furs, or with cheap denim, as the purse
allows. Near by a dainty little working
table or an enameled basket for the sa.me
purpose looks well. Everywhere should be
pretty trifles, softly shaded lamps, ex
quisite little cups. No particular style
need be adopted, but let fancy dictate the
rest. The only inflexible rule for the bou
doir Is that it shall strictly harmo'nlze
with her who is its queen. Her little king
dom will then be one more success if she
appears In it more charming to those who
love her, and If In their eyes she reads
their admiration when she admits them
into it.
There is only one town In which the
singing of music hall songs in the street
is prohibited. That is Southampton, Eng
land and the prohibition extends only to
Sundays. Policemen there have instruc
tions to stop everybody singing in tne
public thoroughfares on the Sabbath.
white man, and married well. Each
daughter was married from the terraced
and luxurious Afong home, and if Papa
Afong was not present to give them away,
at least his portrait, hanging on the wall.
testified to their good will for him. while
their spacious mansion and luxurious sur
roundings told of his regard for them.
And Mamma Afong smiled and was
content. Her Chinese husband had been
hard working, shrewd, successful and
generous— far beyond any Hawaiian hus
band on record— and her girls were mak
ing satisfactory matches. Eighteen grand
children clustered about Mamma Afong"s
knee, and Mrs. Afong, well preserved,
good-looking and prosperous, looked upon
her white sons-in-law and thought, "All
Is well."
But there is always a fly In the mo
lasses, and at last I. R. Burns came to
Honolulu In search of a divorce— and, It
was rumored, an Afong. Mrs. Afong 1 at
once discovered the fly, but instead of In
HELEN GOULD`S TROUBLES
HELEN GOULD suggests In no way
the owner of millions. She goes
about her sitting room, which is
the second story front of the old
house at 575 Fifth avenue,
dressed in a sort of gown which a maid
or a country seamstress might have
made, her hair brushed soberly away
from her face, and sometimes even an old
fashioned white apron to protect her
dress.
There are thousands of girls In New
York whoso fathers wonder where the
money to buy their clothes and matinee
tickets is to come from who lead a more
elegant existence than this simple young
woman.
Mlps Gould has all the old fashioned
habits of thought as well as the old fash
ioned virtues. Four years ago she made
a confidence to an intimate friend.
"There are," she said, "three things
that I want to do. I want to bring up
Frank to be a fine man, as good a man
as my father was, for I believe he was
the best man who ever lived. I want to
make the world understand how fine and
tender a man my father was; and I want
to make the name of Gould as loved In
New York as that of Burdett-Coutts in
London."
Frank Gould has just attained his ma
jority, and he bids fair to carry out his
sister's plans for htm. He is clear-head
ed, good-looking, grave and tender toward
his Bister, and he gives her the worship
for her devotion which she deserves.
The late Jay Gould had many enemies
in his lifetime, and the vision of some
of them may have been blinded.
During the late trial of the blackmail
or who tried to prove that Jay Gould
had been a bigamist his reputation was
more or less gone over by the press. One
morning Helen threw down a newspaper
are about 35 feet in diameter and 12 feet
thick; the shape closely resembles two
saucers having their edges joined togeth
er. About one-quarter only of each roller
Is submerged; no part of the hull of the
vessel touches the water. The deck,
about 130 feet long and 44 feet wide, is
elevated considerably above the water
line, and carries the superstructure de
voted to passenger accommodation and
machinery spaces.
The method of propulsion is the usual
screw, rotating in an inclined position be
\iting him into her parlor, as was com
patible with her well known hospitality,
she took another stand and declared that
she thought him "fly."
So Bessie met him outside, which, al
though not an original mode of procedure,
was satisfactory enough. They bicycled
together daily and spent many hours in
each other's society, while the sisters tooW
sides and Mrs. Afong refused to accept
congratulations. In the meantime Mrs.
Afong was told that her would-be son-in
law had stated, on leaving San Francisco,
"I am going to Honolulu to marry an
Afong; any one of them will do; all
Afongs look alike to me."
This was not soothing. Mrs. Afong b«
lleved it, but Bessie did not, and so sh<i
and her fiance waited for the divorce, and
they came to realize that the law is slow.
In all this time Mr. Burns was never
admitted into the Afong home. And the,
majority of Mrs.' Afong's sons-in-law
stood In with her. But the Magoons cama
to the rescue and had the wedding, and
.now Mr. and Mrs. Burns are residing in
a neat little cottage on Emma street, two
or three miles away from the Afong
home, and they don't speak to Mamma
Afong as they pass by. Still it is thought
that a reconciliation will take place, for
although each of the girls has $10,000 of
her own, Mrs. Afong has more.
MAUNA LOA.
Sham Puesne.
There was a small boy of Duquesne,
Who had a most terrible puesne;
The doctor's in doubt,
Turned the lad Inside out.
And he never has felt it aguesne!
—Life.
The Power of a Cyclone.
Careful estimates of the force of a
cyclone and the energy required to keep
a full fledged hurricane in active operation,
reveals the presence of a power that
makes the mightiest efforts of man ap
pear as nothing in comparison. A force
fully equal to four hundred and seventy
three million horsepower was estimated
as developed in a West Indian cyclone.
This is about fifteen times the power that
Is creatable by al. the means within th©
range of man's capabilities during the
same time. Were steam, water, windmills
and the strength of all men and animals
combined they could not at all approach
the tremendous force exerted by this ter
rible storm. _
The insurance upon St. Paul's Cathedral
is about $500,000.
In which she had just read the statement
that if Jay Gould was not a bigamist ha
had taken the money of widows and or
phans.
"And what." I should like to know,
Miss Gould said scornfully to her private
secretary, "are widows and orphans spec
ulating in Wall street for? I knew my
father as no other human being on earth
knew him. I know he never heard of a
rase of sorrow or distress which he did
not try to relieve."
The final Idea of Helen Gould to be a
second Baroness Burdett-Coutts has been
discovered by persons who live by their
wits. As a consequence she Is besieged
mi every hand by people with schemes,
philanthropic and personal, as well as by
frank beggars. They write to her for all
sorts of things. One day she is invited
to appear at a church fair to be exhibit
ed a la Hobson. Another day somebody
wants her to help a church out of debt
or pay for the education of a young gir\
who has "a fortune in her voice."
Then there are the schemes. They
range from dally newspapers and theat
rical ventures to boarding: schools foi»
young ladies and patent incubators. On
an average of two a week come Ideaa
for everything: from a flying machine to
a thumb thimble that would trlpl« the
Gould millions if there was only money
enough to patent and exploit It.
As for the offers of marriage, they aro
legion. These letters are by no means
from illiterate or ignorant persons In aH
cases. The names s4gned to some of them
would surprise the world were they pub
lished.
She has had a card engraved as daln-«
tlly as an invitation. It reads:
"Miss Gould does not feel that she cart
respond to your requent. Not, she hopea
you will believe, from any lack of sym
pathy or Interest in the matter you pre
sent, but because numerous and exact
ing demands, together with the countless
applications she has received, make it in
this instance impossible."
tween the rollers and driven by a 500-.
horsepower engine; the rollers also pos
sess Independent motive power, In tha
form of a smaller engine connected to
each pair.
Unfortunately, on trial the ship hardly
realized half the speed anticipated. anS
she has recently been sold at a fraction
of the original cost, to be dismantled and
broken up; nevertheless, the Ingenious
conception, unique design and exqutsita
workmanship are quite worthy of an ap
preciative record.*F you have given the shop windows a
1 passing glance you have noticed that
all the sior.'S arc- displaying silks of
some variety. In one window are a
dozen beautiful pieces of the "latest
Parisian foulards." In still another
hang India, China, crepe or summer silks.
There is method in this displaying of silks
In preference to organdies or other sheer
materials. For the lighter materials are
are only for out-of-town wear, while the
silks can be used in the city whenever the
thermometer registers the required de
grees above comfort.
Although I was looking for silks this
•week the first thing that caught my eye
were the pineapple gauzes from the Phil
ippines. Interest in our new possessions
made me pause and inquire about this
new material. 1 was informed that they
were made from the fiber of the pineapple
found in the Philippines, and the fancy
Ftripes running through the gauze are
made of silk. The gauze is to be worn
over a silk lining and is exquisitely beau
tiful, particularly in a shade that is ex
actly like the delicate tint of the heart
of the pineapple.
Wash silks are displayed in profusion
and are far prettier than heretofore. They
range in price from 25 cents to the finest
of satin Shanghais at $3 50 per yard.
The Shanghai satin is a novelty of this
season and though it is heavier than the
ordinary Chinese silk and wears better,
it is just as soft and clinging and cool.
A number of the ultra-fashionable are
having gowns made of it so that the com
paratively small quantity imported has
almost been sold out.
In fact, all the higher class of novelty
Frcck for Girl Fro-n 7 to 8 Years Old.
This Is an extremely effective yet
simple style for a child's gown. The
■yoke is finely tucked, and under
neath the embroidered straps is a
double ruffle of a contrasting shade
of Bilk. The sleeves are finished
with a ruffle and the skirt is cut
with a Spanish flounce.
goods come in limited quantities, some of
them in sinpie patterns only. This is es
pecially true or the gauzes spoken of,
which 'are imported only to order.
In chiffons the heavy broad corned ef
fects are the latest. These come in
checks, in stripes and In plaids, showing
only the delicate opalescent tints.
While everything tends toward the
Ftripc or dot, or a combination of the two,
there are even varying combinations
which are almost too intricate to under
stand. Rome of the newest patterns look
very much like the puzzle patterns, in
somewhat of a seaweed effect, but strewn
thickly with dots of all sizes and shapes.
graduated in Size nr of contrasting sizes.
These are in two-tune effects mostly, al
though there are some very striking pat
terns of three colors. In many of the
prettiesi pieces there are several shades
of -one color and then a contrasting color
to heighten the whole effect. These may
be with the three shades in stripes and
a bright color in dots.
Whiie these dots undoubtedly originated
I" the polka dot, they are often made into
an exclamation point, a heart, a comma.
D melon seed a diamond, a square or a
dash, and all in one size or of varying
siz< a Some of them are combined with
which make a sort of conventlonal-
Ized Climbing vine, while others are in
curves and seem to be intended to illus
trate "fireworks of some kind— a fountain
of sparks, a spinning wheel or a rocket
or meteor One of the latter designs is
composed of a red ground with graduated
dots and a red star in the center of each.
These are essentially Chinese in char
-8< Next to the Chinese in point of novelty
ami popularity come the Persian patterns.
These are exceedingly rich. When In two
or three colors they, are used for street
dresses while the more gorgeous patterns
are used exclusively for house gowns.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's 4-day Hair
Restorer restores the natural color to
c-ray or faded hair quickly, perman-
ently and without inconvenience or dis-
aereeable aftereffects. Not a dye; no
Rtickiness, and no sediment. All
druggists, $1.00
>♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»»♦♦♦»♦»♦♦♦♦<
Gray Hair
Gone
»♦»♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦<
Superfluous Hair
Permanently removed by the Electric
Needle as operated by me.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
DERMATOLOGIST
40-42 Geary St. San Francisco
Fashions Latest in Summer Silks.
The small figured silks are liked better
that the large ones of last year, while
the corded Japanese wash silks are used
only for waists. The finest of shot silks
Is * the very latest in gown patterns
These are minute and .ire entirely or
white on a celored ground.
The new foulards will be very popular,
and the oia time popular zigzag pattern
has been replaced by designs suitable for
young and old, stout and thin. As for
colors, blues are the favorites. There is a
new blue, which is a light shade of navy
blue or army blue. Next to the blue come
the gray in favor.
As I said before, these silks are being
made up to wear in the city on warm
days. They never look out of place, and
when It comes to weight there is nothing
which is lighter for city summer wear
than these dainty silks.
• » •
Although the wearing of mourning has
been the subject of much argument, the
majority still persist in wearing black as
the emblem of mourning. Mourning can
be the most becoming or the most un
becoming style of dress a woman can
wear, and it requires considerable time
and thought to choose wisely in this par
ticular line of goods. In no other class
of goods has there been such an improve
ment as in the mourning goods. Rusty
black is rarely seen now, even in the
cheaper materials, while in the expensive
qualities all the fabrics have an exquisite
black shade that is neither blue-black nor
gray black, but simply black, and this
means a great deal.
Henrietta and Eudora cloths are, as a
rule used for the first mourning gowns.
Ku'lora is very much like Henrietta, but
it is heavier and a little different in the
weave. These materials are very soft in
finish drape well and are especially suit
ed to the styles of the present day, which
are soft and clinging.
Among the new materials shown in the
mourning goods is the cravenette or
waterproof serge and cheviot. These new
cloths are said to be. and apparently are,
absolutely waterproof and at the same
time possess none of the disagreeable
qualities of the usual waterproof mate
rials. The manufacturers say that the
material is rendered waterproof by a cas
ing of glass around some of the threads.
Gown With Dotted Chemisette.
The dotted chemisette In this gown
gives It a quaint yet fashionable ef
fect. The shoulder capes are of the
same material as the bodice and
show several rows of tuckings in
the sleeves. The collar is odd and
is finished in front with a bow of
soft material harmonizing with the
applique bow knot on the bodice.
A ribbon belt and gored skirt com
plete this pretty costume.
These costumes, like the Eudora and
Henrietta cloths, should not be trimmed
with crape, but with. the material of the
gown. For street gowns to be put into
hard service there are a great many
serges, cheviots and plain wool materials
that make up well and look very smart.
Kntire gowns of crape are most becom
ing and fashionable. They are made up
in house gowns, dinner gowns and street
gowns. A gown of crape made with a
coat and skirt is very smart. Broad
bands of crape on a gown look better
than small folds. Small folds also collect
the dust quickly and somehow lack the
style of the broad bands.
• • •
Dinner gowns and house gowns of
mourning silk are among the novelties
this year. The silk is dull in effect, ab
solutely lusterless; the jet, too, with
which the waist is trimmed is also lus
terless. There is never any white used
on these gowns: that would quite spoil
the effect. The dull black evening gowns,
or the black satin evening gowns, with
folds of white tulle just against the neck,
and tulle or net sleeves, are among the
new things shown for mourning wear.
The out of door costumes, trimmed with
white tulle around the neck and sleeves,
are very dainty. The sheer white collars
and cuffs are more and more used on
widows' costumes each season. They re
lieve the dead black astonishingly, and
at the same time seem to heighten
mourning, if such a thing is possible.
Widows wear, too, a little white ruching
inside their bonnets.
• • •
Apropos of mousseline or chiffon pllsse
many women have an Idea that once the
plaiting becomes rumpled or limp the
flounces or trimmings are to be discarded
as useless. Not so— after ripping them
from the garment, they should be ironed
out and taken to the plaiter, where they
will be restored r-qu.il to new.
• • •
This new pampas cloth Is one of the
successes of the season. It Is soft, lus
trous and so fit to make up into tunics
and princesse models. Applied designs in
white suggest an effective trimming.
• • •
Among newly made cotton gowns skirts
I are seen where the front gore is split Its
length and then laced together with a
contrasting cord. An Eton waist has its
fronts laced together also below the high
revers. On certain pretty sheer afternoon
lawns these lacings might be introduced
as a novelty, but. Instead of cord, nar
row ribbons or velvets would prove more
effective. Plain sheer lawns in buff, pink
and blue made over white would show
these lacings off so prettily. A single lac-
Ing down the front of skirt is not very
| pleasing. Introduced on the sides, or
j forming pyramids around the bottom of a
skirt, they are very much 'prettier. But
these lacings on skirts should have a tack
or stitch here and there to keep them In
place and prevent the ribbons from catch-
Ing on projections in walking about.
• • •
We may soon look for a change of line
in corsets. The latest Paris model, not yet
adopted on this side, is straighter down
the front than the present models, giving
greater freedom to the muscles of the
stomach. This French corset Is very
deeply set over the hips when made for
stout figures. Slender waist measure
ments are still In vogue, but there is a
marked increase in the amplitude of the
bust, which will be sure to be the spring
gown's new bodice feature.
As Paris lingeries always set the fash
lons in everything comprised under the
term underwear, the most prominent
makers of Rue de la Paix declare for
Snint Simplicity. They frown down all
past complications in chemises and night
dresses, and no longer will tolerate over
frillings or empiecements. Both materials
and laces cannot be too fine or too ex
quisite, but they must simply be intro
duced. Among the varieties of lace Val
enciennes is preferred, but fine guipure
may be used on nightgowns.
If you live •In Madagascar you must
have children or else pay a tax to the
authorities. This is the latest decree la
eued by the government of Madagascar.
For some time the population of that
island has been decreasing. The Govern
ment authorities sat in council a short
time ago and decided upon a tax to be
levied upon every man who, at the age or
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
25, is unmarried, and upon every married
man who, at that age, has no children.
The tax is |3 75 a year.
Every girl must pay a tax of *1 80 a
year as long as she remains single after
she passes her twenty-fourth year, and
every married woman does the same
until" she has children as the result of her
marriage.
f\ovJ to Make a Gup of Jea.
PARIS, Feb. 25.— Chatting over a cup
of tea at Miss Davies' tea parlors,
in the Boulevard Hausmann, yes
terday, I gleaned the opinions of the
proprietress on the subject of mak
ing tea.
"China tea takes quite four minutes to
infuse, but Ceylon tea, as a matter of ex
perience, infuses more quickly. China
tea has a coarser taste, and you might,
under similar circumstances, think it
stronger, but in reality it is not. At one
time I had three varieties of China tea.
Flare Secured bvj Flounces That ptest or\ the Floor.
Many people liked it, finding that strong,
smoky taste — not a perfumed taste — to
their liking. But lam perfectly certain
that Ceylon tea is better and more popu
lar and can be made stronger than any
other kind if you put in the proper
amount, though for ordinary tastes you
would not have to put in so much to get
a moderately strong cup of tea.
"In regard to earthenware pots, one can
follow with safety the advice of 'O.
Shaw,' and use two in order to have a
perfect cup of tea. It is true that in do-
Ing so It takes longer. People who come
to a tearoom won't wait for all this prep
aration, for it is like making tea twice
over. Still, if you have time to make
tea at home, I should recommend that
the teapot should be heated beforehand,
until it is dry— an earthenware teapot by
preference — heating the teapot over the
boiler if you can; then put the tea in and
pour freshly boiled water on it. Then
two or four minutes (according to
Galisthenics as an Aid to Beauty
This department Is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics ana tne hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects the questions will be cheer*
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
ci -i WOMAN with stooped shoul-
TTvT den cannot be a beauty, no
fl j\ matter how fair her skin, or
I U how regular her features. I
ii \> really know of nothing more dis-
tressing than to see a young
and pretty girl with round and stooping
shoulders who goes through life looking
for possible pins on the ground. This la
one beauty ill that is wholly unnecessary
and of which any woman can positively
cure herself, without any outside help.
All that she needs Is a little energy and
will power, together with plenty of per
severance. Although most of us know
remedies for our small failings few of us
— more's the pity— apply them persistently
until a cure is brought about.
When starting in to reform round shoul
ders the first thing to remember is that
the chest must be held outward and up
ward. In doing this, It is not necessary
to force the shoulders back to such an
extent as to make little crowsfeet in the
back of your gown. There are several
benefits to be derived from holding the
chest in this manner. If practiced con
tinually, it will strengthen the lungs, and
will aleo develop the neck and chest as
nothing else will.
The breathing exercises that I wrote
about several months ago will also help.
These are best taken in the morning, in a
loose gown, and with the windows open.
Inhale slowly and smoothly as much air
as you can. Hold for a few seconds and
then exhale It slowly and gradually. Con
tinue this for five minutes, walking slowly
across the room while going through the
exercise. If continued for a year the
breathing exercises will develop the chest
an inch or two.
Incorrect positions during deep are re
sponsible for many stooped shoulders.
You should sleep on a hard mattress and
should be careful that the pillow is not
too high, as this throws the head forward
and increases the roundness of the shoul
ders. It is best to sleep on no pillow at all,
and after one has become accustomed to
sleeping that way it will be found alto
f ether comfortable and much more rest
ul. Instead of lying curled up like
shrimps, as most women do, lie face
downward, with the arms straight at the
sides.
The custom, common to many women,
of pinning the hose supporters to the
front of the corset has by constant pull
ing of the elastic a tendency to make
Bhoulderß droop In a most disconsolate
way.
Shoes with high heels and narrow toes
are equally bad.
There is nothing like a tailor-made
gown to make a woman stand straight,
for unless she keeps her shoulders back
the front of the bodice will fall into the
most distressing wrinkles and utterly
spoil the "melted-and-poured-in" effect
that women 6O dote on. I
whether it is Ceylon or China tea) will
suffice, when you should pour the tea off
into another dry, hot teapot. The tea
thus made can stand as long as you like,
and is always good. In this respect tea
is superior to coffee, because the latter
loses its flavor after standing, whereas
tea does not.
"Now, few people understand making
iced tea, which is so agreeable in the
summer.
"Very many think iced tea means only
tea ordinarily made and then iced. This
Is all wrong. It should be made with
cold water. Put a generous amount of
tea in a jug, pour cold water on the tea,
then let it stand for several hours. I
prefer letting It stand over night. Next
pour the tea off into another jug and
place it in a refrigerator.
"Do you approve of using cosies?"
"No. Tea cosies take us back to many
years ago, when old fashioned housewives
imagined that ten minutes' infusion was
necessary. Nowadays this method is not
followed."
"Should the milk be poured into the cup
before or after the tea?"
"Well, I think it should be poured into
the cup before the tea, and you will find
that the tea has a better and smoother
flavor. On the other hand, if you pou*
the milk In afterward one can measure
more easily the exact quantity of milk
required.
"Coming back to the subject of using
two teapots, I am sure that it would not
be practicable in a tearoom. People
would not believe it was properly made
if they did not see the tea leaves in the
pot. Why. they would think it was made
in one of those large 'tea boilers' which
are used in England for 'school treats.' "
Sir Henry Hawkins was once presiding
over a long, tedious and uninteresting
trial, and was listening, apparently with
great attention, to a very ions-winded
speech from a learned counsel. After
awhile he made a pencil memorandum,
folded it and sent it by the usher to the
By Mme. Hygeia.
Other things to be remembered are:
Always stand on the front or ball of the
foot and keep the knoes straight. Carry
yourself so that a plumb line dropped
from tho tip of your nose would fall just
an inch in front of your great toe. Don't
put your head forward and be in such
a hurry that you will waddle along like
a little duckling with absolutely -no grace
or carriage. Have your clothing com
fortable and loose enough to give your
lungs opportunity for the full expansion
that, for the sake of your health, they
should have. Do not stoop over your
work or reading, and always sit in a
chair with a straight back to lean
against.
If these rules are followed religiously
the worst case of round shoulders may
be cured, unless they are caused by a
weakness of constitution or health. In
that case. In addition to the rules, a good
strong tonic should be taken, lots of sleep
and plenty of outdoor exercise.
Remember now you can't be pretty, un
lessuyou hold the shoulders back, the chin
well in the air, the bust out and the
stomach in. The old Sunday school ad
monition, "Look up and not down; look
out and not In." Is an excellent one to
bear in mind when starting in to correct
round shoulders.
-* • •
Answers to Correspondents.
CECIL T. M.— As you have such a
"very, very clear" complexion, my ad
vice to you Is to let weH enough alone.
"Making up," as you express It, is a sort
of slavery that once begun must be
continued forever and a day. A little tal
cum powder sprinkled over your r -ice
will not injure the skin. Rosy cheeks
are best obtained by perfect health.
Rouge is vulgar and common, there is
no doubt about that. However, if -ou
think otherwise and fancy that you have
apt enough to apply it so it will not show,
then merely add a little carmine to
your home-made cold cream. That is the
purest rouge that can be gdt. As I do
not know the color of your hair or the
tint desired, I cannot very well tell you
what to use on it.
EAST OAKLAND— I have never ad
vised the use of ammonia by itself for
superfluous hair. In combination with
peroxide of hydrogen it will bleach and
finally deaden the little hairs. A tea
spooriful of ammonia to six teaspoonfuls
of the peroxide is the proper proportion.
Dabble the superfluous nairs with this as
often as you think necessary. It will take
time and patience, for the bleach will not
take effect immediately. If you care to
try the electric needle again and will send
me a stamped addressed envelope, I will
send you the address of some one who is
very skillful with the little needle am
whose terms are quite reasonable. A very
slight quantity of ammonia is put in tne
water to soften It. The preparation you
mention is very good indeed, although
I would use as little of it as possible on
the chin and upper lip, where the ten
dency to grow superfluous hair is exces^
Bive. I think what your skin needs is
lawyer in question, who, unfolding the
paper, found these words: "Patience
competition. Gold medal, Sir Henry Haw
kins; honorable mention. Job.
jkt\ Ocearv Jragedvj.
AN appalling tragedy occurred the
other day on the steamer Orion, as
the vessel was making her way
from Santos in Brazil to Genoa.
Among the passengers was a fam
ily named Forrarini, the members
of which were natives of Modena. The
family comprised the father, mother and
four children, who were returning to Italy
with a snug little fortune which the lather
had accumulated in Brazil.
During the voyage Mr. and Mrs. For
rarini frequently quarreled, the husband
accusing the wife of improper conduct,
and she retorting that he was insane
through unfounded jealousy. Finally in
presence of all the passengers the hus
band made an awful charge in regard to
the two youngest children, winding up his
invective by saying that he would not
acknowledge them. At this the wife be-
came beside herself with indignation, and,
catching the two little ones in her arms,
she sprang to the side of the vessel and
flung herself overboard.
The witnesses of this horrible act were
for the moment petrified with amazement.
Then the captain was notified, the vessel
Was stopped and boats were hastily
launched In the hope of saving the three
unfortunates. This hope, however, was
soon seen to be baseless. The sturdy sea
men did their best, but the sea had en
gulfed its prey, and the bodies could not
be recovered.
When Forrarinl saw that tne search
was useless he abandoned himself to de
spair, and It soon became evident that
he was losing entire command of himself.
Consequently a close watch was kept over
hi.-; movements, but he eluded his watch
ers, and on the third day after his wife
had drowned herself and the two young
est children he, too, flung himself over
board and met with the same death.
There were now only two children left,
and when the vessel arrived at Genoa
they were handed over to the care of the
authorities.
a nightly scrubbing with a complexion
brush, tepid water and pure castile soap,
followed by a smearing with a good cold
cream. The following can be depended
on: Spermaceti, 1% ounces; pure white
wax, if, ounce; oil of sweet almonds, IVi
ounces; rosewater, % ounce. Do you take
a daily sponge bath and lots of exercise
in the open air? Both are necessary in
the acquirement of a fine skin.
JENNIE L.— Massage the bust gently
for ten or fifteen minutes each night with
equal parts of cocoa butter, lanoline and
cocoanut oil melted together, rubbing
around and around with the palm of the
hand. Then in the morning bathe the
breasts with tepid water, rubbing brisk
ly with a Turkish towel. Last unday's
Beauty Talk contained a number of sug
gestions that will he of benefit In treat
ing that troublesome nose. I should ad
vise frequent applications of witch hazel.
L. L. C. S.— The following astringent
wash Is excellent for coarse pores: Take
a half-pint bottle and place in it three
tablespoonfuls of fresh, uncooked cucum
ber juice. Half fill the bottle with elder
flower water and then add two table
spoonfuls of eau de cologne. Shake well
and add very slowly half an ounce of
simple tincture of benzoin, shaking the
mixture now and then. Fill the bottle
with elder flower water. Use two or three
times a day, letting it dry on the skin.
Also use the face scrubbing brush every
night with tepid water and castile soap.
R. A. P.— For the falling eyebrows ap
ply a tonic made of five grains of quinine
dissolved in one ounce of alcohol. Dear,
dear! Here is the same old plaint again —
hair that Is turning gray. What if your
hair is turning gray? I think it's lovely.
But then opinions differ so. If you must
have the darker shades back, then take
an iron tonic and rub claret into the
Bcalp. Or you might try this hair-darken
ing agent, which may be of help: Sul
phate of iron, crushed, one dram; rectified
spirits, one fluid ounce; oil of rosemary,
ten drops; pure distilled water one-half
pint. Ir you cannot get red vaseline the
ordinary yellow kind will answer the pur-
pose.
HELEN C— You can have no Idea what
a pleasure It is to me to receive a sin
cere little letter like yours. The appre
ciation expressed is quite sufficient re
turn, I assure you, for any service I may
have been to you and your friends. Let
m«» see — you asked about the hair, didn't
you? In the Sunday Call of February 12
there was a special Beauty Talk about
the hair. I feel certain you must have
found in it something that just fitted your
case. If not, write to me again and I will
try and suggest something else. In the
foregoing reply to Jennie L. you will find
formula for the cream and a4so directions
far Its use. The alum wash is to be used
only in case of nabbiness of the skin. |
"Write to me again. Do net fear that I
shall vote you a nuisance, no matter how
often you write.
AILEEN— You will find a portion of the
information you ask in foregoing reply to
Jennie L. Calisthenics and swinging In
dian clubs will also help, particularly In
developing the arms. Did you see the
Beauty Talk of February 12? It an
swered your question about the hair.
BABY E.— Am sorry you have had to
wait so long for your answer. My corre
spondents all clamor for immediate re
plies, but I have to treat them all alike
and take each one in turn. If you find
the skin food too oily for your skin, why
not try a cream that contains less oil?
Formula is given In reply to East Oak
land for ore that I think will be just the
thing lor your skin. A few grains of bo
rax will improve It if your skin is very
oily. The following cosmetic jelly you
wiil find particularly nice to rub on the
skin before applying powder: Gum tra
gacanth, whole, 30 grains; rosewater, 7
ounces; glycerine, half ounce; alcohol,
half ounce. Soften the tragacanth in the
rosewater for a day or two ana then
strain forcibly through muslin or cheese
cloth. Then add the glycerine and rose
water previously mixed, shake well and
perfume to suit.
A READER— PIease try the following
skin food on your face. I am sure it will
help It: Spermaceti, half ounce; white
wax, half ounce: sweet almond oil, 1
ounce; lanollne, 1 ounce; cocoanut oil. 1
ounce; tincture of benzoin, 10 drops; or
ange flower water. 1 ounce. Melt the first
five ingredients in a porcelain kettle.
Take from the fire and add the benzoin
and orange flower water, beating with an
egg beater until cold and smooth. I do
not care for liquid face powder, although
the one you mention is as good as any
made. Why do you not try the formula
given to L. A. B. in Sunday Call of Feb
ruary 19? It will not roughen your skin,
I am sure. Never wash your face just
before going out, or immediately after
coming in. A good plan is to smear the
face with cold cream after exposure to
wind or sun, rubbing it off in a few min
utes with a soft cloth.
LAISE— I am positive that I have never
spoken of any such thing as "mutton
cream" for the eyelashes or any other
purpose. What I usually recommend for
the eyelashes is a mixture of equal parts
of vaseline and cocoanut oil. You must
be careful in using It, not to got it in the
eyes.' A little alcohol in water will not
injure the skin, but pure alcohol, used
frequently, is altogether too harsh and
drying. Glycerine does not agree with all
skins. If you find that it suits yours then
a few drops of it in rosewater can be
used with safety. I cannot say that I
approve of your manner of taking a
sponge bath. I think it is much better to
dry oneself thoroughly before getting into
bed. The temperature of the water in
which one bathes should be governed en
tirely by the individual. If one is robust
enough to stand a sponging off in cold
water it is most invigorating, but for a
person of delicate physique it would be
very unwise. So I usually recommend the
tepid sponge as most likely to agree with
every one.
MARIA B.— Rub lemon juice on the
hands and when it has dried on apply
cold cream. This will whiten them nice
ly. If you do not happen to have a good
Something Absolutely J^eW irv Jackets.
cream, you will find formula for a very |
very excellent one In my reply to East i
Oakland. For the eyebrows, get an j
ounce of alcohol and in it dissolve five
grams of quinine. Apply this every other
night, and on the nights in between
times massage very gently with the fln
gera dipped in some olive oil. slightly
warmed. Your eyebrows can't help grow- j
ing then.
ANNETTE D.— A druggist will prepare i
your cold cream for you, or you can j
make it yourself, whichever you prefer. !
Why not "try it yourself— it's lots of fun;
fussing over these things. The only uten
sils needed are a porcelain kettle and an :
egg beater. I see nn reason why milk
should make hair grow on the face. Aj
little borax added to it. instead of the |
salt would be more efficacious in remov- ]
ing tan. I sent you the address you ]
asked for by mail.
MINNEHAHA— In last Sunday's Beauty
T-ilk you will have found all the infor
mation you desired on treatment of pim
ples When you have gotten rid of the ;
eruption, you 'can go for the blackheads.
Ordinary washing of the face will not |
rid it of this latter affliction. You must ,
take a cupful of warm water, add to it
one tablespooriful of alcohol and then j
with the camel's hair face brush and a
little castile soap gtfve the face a good |
scrubbing. Rinse the face well after- ,
ward and apply cold cream at once This
Is necessary to ward off any irritation
that may come. After the first thorough
cleansing of the pores, the water soap
brush and cream will be sufficient. The
alcohol is to be used only as the_ I first
means of clearing the skin of the black
beads. Too much alcohol is very bad for
one's complexion. Do not press the
blackheads out unless they are very large
and stubborn.
I TESSIE D.— The simplest way of re
moving freckles is to dissolve fifteen
grains of borax in one ounce of lemon
iutce and apply to the face every night
"with a small soft brush. This will re
move the freckles, but it will not pre
! vent them from returning. Nothing will
! do that but to protect the face from ex- i
! posure to the sun.
i A BEAVTY LOVER— In purchasing
! peroxide of hydrogen get a bottle that has ;
! never been opened and after taking out
| the quantity you wish to use the bottle
! must be tightly corked and kept in a
dark place when not in use. Possibly that
which you got was not quite fresh, or
perhaps you did not use it often enough.
Massage with olive oil Is the only thing
I can suggest for the knees.
K. X.— The sage tea is the very thing
I would advise for your hair. I don't care
for the wash you have been using. It is
very drying to the skin and is apt to make
lit harsh and scaly. Neither do I approve
of washing the face in hot water. In time
it will make it coarse, leathery and liable
to chap. Use tepid water always. If your
skin is very sallow you will find the fol
lowing wash of benefit: One-quarter
ounce white rose leaves, steeped in one
quarter pint each of fresh lemon juice
and brandy. Let simmer slowly for three
hours Press, strain and decant. Apply
at nißtat The creme violette is fine ana
will help any sort of skin Get the regu
lar polishing powder for the nails. You
can get it at any place where they keep
manicure articles. I am very sorry, but
I haven't a formula for liquid face pow
der that I care to recommend. A very
delightful toilet soap Is made by taking.
White castile soap, 8 ounces; honey.
1 ounce- spermaceti, 1 ounce; oil of sweet
almonds. ft* ounces; white wax 1 ounce;
essence of violets, ounce. Shave the
castile very fine. Put the honey in a
double boiler and when hot add the soap.
In another double boiler put the oU of
almonds and the spermaceti and the wax
which have been grated fine. W hen the
soap Is entirely melted pour the oils and
the soap together. Sometimes it may
be necessary to add a little hot water to
the honey and soap, but be very sparing
of it lest you weaken your soap so that
it will not harden. Two tablespoonfuls
at most is quite enough. After the oils
and soap have been in the hot water bath,
which should be kept boiling briskly for
ten or fifteen minutes, remove from the
fire add the essence of violets, stir and
then pour into teacups. Your letter was
inspiring. I hope all the readers of this
department feel as enthusiastic as you
HOPB H.— l laughed heartily when I
read your experience in purchasing a
camel's hair complexion brush. It was
very funny. If you will send me a
stamped addressed envelope I will send
you the address of a man who keeps
them. The cold cream, formula for
which is given in reply to East Oakland,
will not make hair grow upon the face. If
you will read my replies to Annette D.
and Minnehaha you will find the rest of
your questions fully answered. Do writ©
to me again.
The Bishop of London was once much
chaffed by his clerical friends because ha
fell asleep while listening to a celebrat-
Ed preacher just seven days after preach
ing himself on the manner in which ser
mons should be heard.
Sunset.
Looking at those red clouds
Piled up In glorious banks or light.
How small seems earth! How puny our
desires! ...
Eternity— how bright!
From out that ruddy glow
The future shines resplendent, though
afar; .'-_-«
Faith's piercing eye can look beyond and
.greet.
The rising of Life's star.
Strange yearnings fill my heart —
A sudden deep unrest;
E'en as the fledgling feels his Instinct*
stir
Within him in the nest.
So, pinioned to earth too long,
The soul awakes, and, fluttering ere'lt
flies.
Brushes its spirit wing against my cheek
In rare surprise
That it had slumbered thus awhile,
Lulled by the voices and the earthly din
That made the body all unconscious of
The visitor within.
And so a glory steals abroad,
. A deep content that wraps me long;
For me the heavens have borne a mes
sage rare.
The firmament a song.
—Francis A. Walker in Washington Star.
'. ♦ ■ ■ — - -- '•}":'
The theme at "Keith's" now is the
opera season. Fashion dictates that
small effects, jewels with aigrettes,'
Louis XIV bows, art flowers rightly ar
ranged are comme il faut for this occa
sion. Try Mme. Keith always for what
is fine in the millinery line, 808 Market,
Phelan building. Madame will arrange
j your own laces. •
; ■ ♦ « .
Quinn: Are you fond of Welsh 1 rabbit?
Topllff: Before eating, while I am eat
ing, and far a very short time after.—
Boston Transcript.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
II milMJiTi Is removed by the DR. and MRS.
K»?'fcO*W ! A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
WKS3^Pwra building, 1170 Market St.. cor.
HKS*3B&*mX Taylor, rooms 28-29. with the
■t v^K, '>*/■ electric needle, without pain or
jE^gprL* scar. Moles, warts, wrinkles,
BJS^ J blackheads. freckles. birth-
■^■T —^K3 marks, etc., also removed. Per-
falaa^^Bll manency guaranteed. Hours, 1
■"- i ir %mSsaZ* ■ to 4P» B^
2728
Kipling
UDTARD KIPTJNU was born in
T*\ Bombay, India, D*e«mb«r 30, JSGS,
\*\ the son of John I/ockwood Kipling
■ \ and Alioa McDonald, He was edu
* cated In the United Services College
at Westward Ho, in North "Devon, Eng
land.
After his school days he returned to
India, and took up his labors In a sub
oditorial capacity on the Civil and Mili
tary Gazette at Lahore, continuing this
work in one form or another from IS ? 2 to
■ luring which time, amid a multi
plicity of office duties, he found the op
portunity to wrii me of 1 rsea and
tnles which are now to be found in the
;rtmental Ditties," "Soldiers Three"
and -'Plain Tales From the Hills." The
vhen he was but 21 years of age.
Briefly, then, his career may be said to
3hing of his
:' which he
was I mental Dit
-11 Of this book Sir William
ellor of Bombay Uni
versity, said, writing in the London Acad
emy: "The book gives promise of a new
: ::tst."
Then followed •:■■ ■'■'■■■■ "Soldiers Three,"
"The Gadsb: s," "In Black and White,"
"Under the Deodars," "The Phantom
'Rickshaw." "Wee Willie Winkie."
Tru -■• were ■■■A\ issued by Indian puh
lishinp houses before he finally left the
East In 1W on his return to England, via
(hir.a. Japan and America. His work in
India evinced a strong individuality, and
his many duties, working side by side
with the "native, gave him the keen insight
into nature wl those are
work- rs themselves can ever hope to at
tain, 110 was not a theorist but a prac
tical hand, and if his reading -public was
at first limited, he certainly catered with
a skilful, artful pow.r. as well as infus
ing into the subject matter the wisdom
FRATERNAL NEWS.
EASTERN STAR NOTES.
Oak Leaf Chapter on the 24th of Febru
ary initiated eight candidates in the ad
mirable manner for which that chapter is
noted. The chapter is making arrange
ments for a children's night, to be given
on the last meeting night this month.
Carita Chapter will have several initia
tions at its next meeting:
The grand patron has instituted two
new chapters in Los Angeles, one called
Esperanza and the other Los Angeles.
Mrs. Maria A. Pierce, the grand matron,
paid a visit to Miramonte Chapter, in
Slountain View, last Wednesday.
The grand matron will hold a school of
instruction in District 9 at Napa to-mor
row night. On Thursday she will hold
one in District 7, at Healdsburg, and on
the 15th she- wil hold one in District 6, at
Sacramento.
ODD FELLOWS.
At the twenty-ninth anniversary of
Golden Rule Encampment, In Oakland,
Unity Encampment will, aa It has for
ever bo many years, pay it It 9 annual
visit. There will be congratulatory
speeches and a banquet.
The grand master is still in the southern
part of the State, making visits to lodges
there.
The Grand Lodge will meet on the 9th
of May.
The grand patriarch will pay an official
visit to Benicla Encampment this week.
THE REBEKAHS.
On Saturday, February 24, California
Rebekah Lodge gave a party in its hall,
•which turned out to be one of those pleas
ant affairs that are periodically given
under the auspices of this energetic body.
Waihalla Rebekah Lodge (German) cele
brated its eleventh anniversary February 24
by a pleasant social evening in its lodge
room in the Odd Fellows' building. There
was a good attendance of members and
friends and there was enjoyment for all
until a late hour.
The members of Mission Rebekah Lodge
and their many friends assembled in
large numbers in the lodgeroom on Mis
sion street to take part in a sheet and
pillow-case party got up under the direc
tion of the entertainment committee of
the ledge. As that committee knows how
to arrange an evening's fun, it is almost
needless to assert that there was a great
deal of amusement for all participants.
Last Wednesday Oriental Rebekah
Lodge had ten candidates to initiate, and
as It had been announced that there
would be presented some new features In
the floor work there was a large attend
ance of members of the order, many from
other lodges anxious to secure points.
The work wae done to perfection and was
highly complimented by those who are
competent to judge. After the ceremony
and the close of busim-«s there was a
pleasant social hour.
The Assembly of California will meet
in this city on the 9th of May.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge will on the 29th
inst have as special guests the Veterans,
Canton No. 5 and Miss Kunice Melville.
On the 25th inst. Miss Eunice Melville
of Minnesota will lecture in Odd Fellows 1
Hall for the benefit of the home at Ther- j
malito and the one at Gi'roy. This will |
be urider the auspices of District Tso. 5.
DEGREE OF HONOR, A. O. U. W.
4<pew J.o<Jsa-oJ tjie P««ree of Honor wju
cSW $orth '» a 9/ote 3soo/c
and keenness ef a Btren§r and vigorous
in ISBI he collaborated with Walcott
Bsilcntier in "The Naulahka, which was
published in L,ondert in 1892, during which
year he married Mlsb Caroline Star,.
Balcstier, tho plotei' of his collaboi-ator.
liis later work is one long record of suc
cesses. Mr, Kipling is Bald, properly
enough, to bo or a modest, retiring dis
position, and it is not intended herein to
deal with those personalities of his life
In which the public has no moral or legitl-
mate Interest. Enough that this slight
series of appreciations should deal with
such facts nf public interest as may be
properly accredited, and such report as
may have a possible bearing upon the
work of the head and hand of thin strong
man. From 1892 to 1896 Mr. Kipling lived
chiefly in the I T nited States, building him
self a home among the Green Mountains
at Brattleboro, Vt.. residing there until
he returned to England. In 1898 he sailed
for Cape Town, South Africa, accom
panied by his family, returning during the
autumn, and taking up his abode at Rot
tingdean, on the south coast of England.
His next journey was to America in Jan
uary, 1899, en route, it was said, to Mexico.
Mr. Kipling, it is thus seen, has been a
great traveler, and it is by this means
possibly that the full vigor of a naturally
strong and virile brain gives out only its
best. We have in Mr. Kipling, as evinced
by his works, a true exemplification of
the virtue of turning occasionally to
"fresh fields and pastures new" for one's
inspiration, a circumstance which is self
evident when one recounts the variety
and scope of his recent work.
Biographical J^lote.
"Three different nationalities have gone
to make up Kipling's complicated nature.
On the mother's side Scotland and Ire
land, on the father's England, though 400
years ago the Kiplings came from Hol
land. There is likewise a mixture of two
different temperaments in the genealogy.
Both grandfathers were clergymen, but
the father is an artist, and the mother
has throughout her life told storks in
Instituted at West Berkeley last Wednes
day night by Grand Chief of Honor Mrs.
Mayon, assisted by the drill team from
Ivy Lodge of Oakland. There were pres
ent members from all the Alameda Coun
ty lodges. The new lodge is called Lau
rel, and its numli'-r is Bf>. It starts with
thirty-two charter members.
Another new lodge was instituted at
Stockton last Friday night. It was organ
lzed by Deputy Grand Chief of Honor
Mrs. A. A. Wood.
Arrangements have been completen for
the institution of a new .lodge at Santa
Ana on the Bth inst.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Last Monday night Terba Buena Lodge
admitted three members by initiation, and
the applications of nineteen strangers
were read and referred to committees.
J. Taylor Rogers delivered an interesting
address on the advisability of the city
acquiring and owning public works, as is
the rule in a number of European cities.
Noiman Lodge in a body visited Ameri
can Eagle Lodge on Wednesday. There
were present many visitors from other
lodges. Addresses were made by Grand
Treasurer Zehfus, ox-Supreme Represent
ative Crowe, Deputy B. E. George and
others. There was also a vocal and in
strumental programme.
Ycsemlte and Confidence lodges will pay
a fraternal visit to Liberty Lodge to-mor
row night, when Past Grand Dictator
Barnes will deliver a lecture on "Frater
nity." There will also be a programme of
special features.
The Grand Lodge will convene on the
21st inst. in the Alcazar. It will be an un
usually interesting session.
The list of the supreme reporter, dated
March 1, shows 211 deaths, with sixty
claims paid. One hundred and eight of
these deaths were of members over 61
years of age and fifty-two between 50 and
60 years.
NATIVE SONS.
Mount Diablo Parlor of Martinez will
soon lose Its very competent secretary,
Gus Weiss, who has acted in that capa
city since the organization of the parlor
in 1887, except while going through the
chairs. Mr. Weiss will leave for New
Mexico, where he will engage in business.
Woodland Parlor, at its last held meet
ing, had the horor of being the first to
Initiate father and son at the same meet-
ing.
Grand Trustee A. W. North of Winters
visited the office of Grand Secretary Lun
stedt last week and reported the parlors
in his district prospering.
Grand First Vice President Mattison
paid an official visit last Monday night to
Presidio Parlor, and last Wednesday he
called on Marshall Parlor in an official
way.
Last Friday night Grand Trustee Mor
fan paid an official visit to San Francleco
Parlor and was well received.
Grand Trustee A. W. North and a num
ber of the grand officers officially visited
South San Francisco Parlor last week.
After the rendition of the ritualistic work
in a very satisfactory manner the grand
trustee delivered an interesting and in
structive address. L
A number of gTand officers will accom
pany Grand Trustee Joseph K. Hawkins
on his . visit to Mount Diablo Parlor at
Martinez to-morrow night.
Grand Trustee R. H. McNoble of Stock
ton will officially vieit Mission Parlor next
"Wednesday nifrht. and on the 15th he will
visit Alcalde Parlor.
Xbj*-x«0O!&-«£ Uiaxid True tea F.
THE SAl* FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
verse and prose-. *The same complexity
existed tn the early environment of the
future author, spent in the ■wonderful
■world of India, midst the primitive cul
ture of the East on the one hand and toe
most advanced civilization of the "West
on the other. The child could thus see
one family content with four clay walls
under a straw thatch, with three earthert
pots and a handful of rice, earned br hard
work, while close by he could find him-
Reif surrounded by all the conveniences
which Europeans find necessary to make
their Btay In India bearable.
"As the child began to talk he learned to
call things by two different nsmeß, ftnd
learned to speak Hindustani as fluently
as English."— London Daily News.
y\ Kipling Jtem^rvce.
"In a pottery at Burslem, in Stafford-
I ehire, now Dnulton'B, was a young man
nam«3 Jolin Kipling, a designer of deco
rations. He was a very clever young
man, although somewhat eccentric.
"One dny at a plcntc to the young peo
ple of tho neighborhood at a pretty little
English lake between the villages of Rud
! yard and Rushton, not far from Burslem,
' John Kipling met a pretty English girl.
I Mary McDonald, the daughter of a Meth
■ odlst minister at Endon. Kipling fell In
| love with her at once. They met very
j often, and It grew into a love affair on
both sides. Then John Kipling went to
the art schools In Kensington, and was
afterward sent out to direct the art
i pehools of the Madras presidency In In
dia. When he went to India he took
pretty Mary McDonald along as his wife.
"In the fullness of time a son was born
to the Kipllngs In Bombay. Their first
| meeting at Rudyard Lake must have been
i the pretty bit of sentiment of their lives,
for when they named the son they took
i for him that of the little lake on the
banks of which they first met each other."
i — Kanßas City Star.
Kiplir\g's First Book
In "My First Book" the experiences of
various contemporary authors, published
| in London in 1894. Kipling gives credit to
| "Departmental Ditties" as being his first
i published book. As a matter of record
three other volumes appeared before the
date of the publication of "Departmental
Ditties," to each of which Kipling had
contributed "School Boy Lyrics,"
"Echoes," published in ISSS, and "Quar
tette, the Christmas Annual of the Civil
' and Military Gazette." by Four Anglo
j Indian Writers, the same year.
Ar\ Ir\diarv NeWspaper Off cc.
This Description !b taken from "Tho Man
Who Would Be King."
"One Saturday night it was my pleasant
duty to put the paper to lied. A king or
courtier was dying at the other end of the
world, and the paper was to be held until
the last possible moment.
"It was a pitchy black, hot night, and
raining— now and again a spot of almost
boiling water would fall on the dust.
. . . It was a shade cooler In the press
room, so I sat there while the .type j
clicked and tho night jars hooted at the
windows, and the all but naked composi
tors wiped the sweat from their fore
heads.
"The thing, whatever it was. was keep
ing us back. It would not come off. . . .
T drowsed off, and wondered whether the
Lph was 8 blessing and whether this
riving man was awaie of the inconveni
ence or delay he was causing. . . . The
dock hands crept up to 3 o'clock, and the
machines spun their fly-wheels two or I
three times,' to see if all was in order. !
before I said the word that would s.'t
them off. I could have shrieked aloud.
Then the roar ,'md rattle of the wheels
shivered the quiet into little bits."
Departmental Ditties.
Such a night as is above described was
"the kind of a night 'Departmental Dit
ties' and their younger brethren were
born," says Rudyard Kipling 1 In "My
First Book."
''Rukn Din, the foreman, approved of
them Immensely, for he was a cultured
Muslim. 'Your poetry very good, sir; just
coming: proper length to-day.'
"Mahmoud, the 'comp.,' had an unpleas
ant way of referring to the poems as
another of those things.
"There was built a sort of a book, a
lean, oblong docket, to imitate a Govern
ment envelope, bound in brown paper,
and tied with red tape."
Later there arose a demand for a new
edition, and Kipling's "First Book" was
i to from time to time and sul>>.
nurnt editions were issued under a reg
ular publisher's imprint, and when the
book finally blossomed out as a London
publication it was as a much fatter, cloth
Byington. who recently visited Santa Lu
cia Parlor at Salinas, is that it is very
progressive and taking in a number of
now members. The parlor is actively at
wurk arranging for the reception of the
delegates to the Grand Parlor, which will
meet there on the 24th of next April and
be in session nearly a week.
STANFORD PARLOR, N. S. G. TV.
Fred H. Jung, recording secretary of
Stanford Parlor No. 76, N. S. G. W., has
received a letter from Captain George
Filmer, commanding Company B, First
California. Volunteers, at Manila in ac
knowledgment of good things pent to him
and other members of the parlor who are
in the volunteer service. The captain
writes as follows:
Your kind letter on behalf of the brothers of
Stanford Parlor, also box containing
my "share of the spoils, " as you
were pleased to call it, arrived O.
X., ami I assure you and all the
brothers of Stanford Parlor that I thoroughly
enjoyed all the good and useful things con
tained In the trox of goodieß. It is impossible
to explain how I felt some 8000 miles away
at receiving such an appropriate gift from dear
old 'Frisco. Only the poor fellows who did
not receive any Christmas present can explain
what the feelings must be at not receiving
one. It is needless to say that I will never
forget the kindness, and hope to be in a
position some time when I will be able to par
tially chow my appreciation. Stanford Parlor
has always been dear to me. I have always
been proud to say that I am a member of
Stanford Parlor. We look forward to return-
Ing home some time in the near future. I
hope to be able soon to express to you per
sonally what I cannot find words to write.
Kind regards to all the brothers and best
wishes for the future of Stanford Parlor.
There are from this parlor In the ser
vice at Manila A. H. Clifford, regimental
commissary sergeant, First California;
E. E. Chenot, in the hospital division; and
S. I. McMartin, in the First California
Regiment band. .
Among those who have recently been
initiated into this parlor and who are
well known, are Louis F. Bartlett. Louis
A. Steiger, Charles L. Patton, A. A. Cav
agnaro, George W. Collins., A. E. Sbar
boro, Richard Bpreckels and Stanley
Jackson.
Last Tuesday night the parlor was vis
ited by Grand Trustee D. E. Morgan of
Nevada City, and the ability to go
through the ritualistic work was exem
plified by the initiation of eleven candi
dates.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The following named are the officers of
Pine Burr Parlor No. 104, . recently Insti
tuted at Colfax: Mrs. Mary E. Durnin,
past president; Mrs. Mary E. "Wolford,
president; Miss Aggie E. Bradley, first
vice president; . Miss Lotta A. Hanson,
second vice president; Mrs. Amelia Bell,
third vice president; Miss Adele Buck
ley, financial secretary; Miss Alice Kilgo,
recording secretary; Mrs. Kate McCleary,
marshal; Mrs. Rose Werry, treasurer;
trustees — Mesdames Nettie B. Stone, E.
Russell and Mary T. Rose.
On the night of the 24th of last month
Sans Souci Parlor had a very enjoyable
grab-bag party in its hall on Devis
adero street, near Page. There were pres
ent many of the members and their
friends, also members of a number of the
local parlors, who, in addition to discov
ering what the Goddess of Fortune had
in store for them, danced until 11 o'clock.
Alta Parlor on the last Saturday, In
February had an "at home" strictly fo*r
members, after the business of the par
lor. The feature of the evening was a
"baby show," several of the members be
ing the babies. The smallest baby In the
bunch was Grand Treasurer Miss Lizzie
Douglass, and a good second was Mrs.
Meyers, past president of the parlor. The
"babies" were seated in a circle on' the
floor, and while in that position were en
.tentained^ Mrs. §• ftem^ Y^jßg. jfps
bound volume with a gilt top. But Kip
ling himself has said, that he "loved it
best when it was a little brown baby with
a pink string around his stomach."
The first edition printed at Lahore by
the Civil and Miitary Gazette Press !s
now as scarce as to command from $50 to
$150, according to condition.
Out of India.
Thus it was that Hudyard Kipling first
entered literature; At the" present day
''journalist ' is but another word fer lit
erary man, or should be at ieast as ap
plied to those of the craft who stand at
the head, and Kipling's heroic work on
the Indian newspaper for the value of a
few hundred dollars a year pave his art
the impetus which he later turned so well
to account; His travels led him to Eng
land, across the Pacific and through the
United States, as the outcome of which
he published through, various newspapers
a series or observations, or impressions,
Which might properly be called "American
Notes: '
Therein he grave the free and democratic
attitude ef the masses, or such part of
that body with whem he came In contact,
some hard shocks.
Entering the United States through the
Golden Gate, he journeyed first to the
Northwest, thence through Yellowstene
Park and Chicago to the Hast.
His running comment was both apt ana
pertinent, and to express the most and
the least which can be said In their favor
—he told some very evident truths.
Kiplirvg orv S*e\ter\sor\.
"There is a writer, called Mr. Robert
LiOulb Stevenson, who makes moat deli
cate inlay work in black and white and
flies out to the fraction of a hair. Ho
has written a story about a euiclde club,
wherein men gambled for death because
other amusements did not bite sufficiently.
"My friend Private Mulvaney knows
nothing about Mr. Stevenson, but he once
assisted informally at a meeting of almost
such a club as that gentleman has de
scribed, and his words are true."—"Sol
diers Three." •
—From "A Kipling Note Book," pub
lished by M. F. Mansfield & Co., New
York. Price 15 cents.
J-lis Recent Illness.
The feeling people here have shown i
since Mr. Kipling fell ill has moved some !
friendß who have seen a great deal of ]
him during this visit to talk interesting
ly about him. They wish to clear away
an old misunderstanding. It seems that !
nothing has ever distressed Mr. Kipling
more- than the general impression prevail
ing here and in England that he dislikes :
the American people. It is utterly un
true.
His chief object in coming to America
this time, his friends say, was to efface
that false Impression. He was willing to I
do anything he could to show his real
feelings for the fellow-countrymen of his !
wife, to show that he was not the
"bloomin" bludgeon" they took him for.
The man is bored by formal going out,
yet he offered to dress every night of his
visit to meet any and all people whom he
could make his friends.
When Mr. Kipling was a young man he
made a journey from India to England
by way of the United States. He had'
one or two of his books published and he
was an extraordinarily "clever young
man," with a power over words that ho
was accustom< >1 to let out freely. The
running glimpse of American life afford
ed the young genius an opportunity
which he "must have been a dozen years
older to have neglected. He wrote' a vol
ume of amazing notes, which the mass
of readers— who are by no means amaz
ing in their, literary understanding—swal
lowed seriously, and they proved a lump
ish mouthful. Now Mr. Kipling's sin pur
sues him. He makes this hard-headed
misconception of his nal position and
sympathy. He is hard put it to it to show
himself through the veil of prejudice.
Kipling's Ambition.
People who are impatient for greater
work from the man who reached almost
at a leap an extraordinary level, and who,
they say, has done no more in a half
dozen years than maintain that level, will
be interested in this opinion of his own.
Mr. Kipling says that no man can write
a nal novel until he is 40. Up to that
time the artist must be willing 1 to do lessor
thincs. practice smaller efforts, pay more
attention to detail than It apparently de
serves and wait, for the power of the mas
ter. By and by that will come; the artist
will write a novel that is big with the
larger facts of life, handled in a larger
way.
When Mr. Kipling does write his great
novel it will be something elemental
snmetninq- almost primeval. "Without
Benefit of Clergy" may furnish the thenv
and for setting and characters the new
novel will almost surely contain, "writ
large," the Kngllshman and ' Indian
woman, and their story— all of It.
j^larch Magazines.
—————— —7 The most interesting
THE CENTURY. Or important article in
] a magazine is not al
——— — ways to be found at
the beginning. Sometimes a striking fea
ture is secured when half the forms are
ready for the press, and room has to
be made for it near the latter end of the
magazine. It was so with General Shaf
ter's "Capture of Santiago" in the Febru
I appeared as Madame La Belle Helene
ballet dancer, and let them see what she'
knows about ballot dancing pas de seui
and the like. Next Saturday night the
• members of this parlor will celebrate the'
twelfth anniversary of ltS foundation by
a banquet. '
Oro Fino Parlor has devised a scheme<
to start a library for the Native Daugh
ters' Home. It is in the nature of a so-'
cial evening to be given in the home. 9"5
OFarrell stre£t The tax for admission
will be one book for each person. A line'
programme has been arranged. Th»re is
now in the home, as a guest. Miss M A
Edglngton, formerly of Sacramento. "'
NATIONAL UNION.
On the night of the 24th inst. the San'
Francisco Cabinet held a meeting at'
which there was a good attendance of '
representatives from the seven local coun-<
ells, also several invited members of the<
order. President Arter presided. The
principal business was the discussion of'
proposition to give an entertainment in'
celebration of the eighteenth anniversary
of the order in May. The opinion of cv-<
cry member was taken, and it was de
cided that there should be an entertain
ment something on the lines of the one 4
given last year, and to excel it if possi-<
ble. It was decided that there should
not be a ball to follow the programme to
be offered. It will be given under the<
•auspices of the cabinet. • ' j
Last Friday night the members of the
cabinet paid an official visit to El Do-
rado Council in the Alcazar building, and<
there the team of the cabinet initiated j
candidates for the sitting council, in the'
full form of the three degrees. The at-<S
tendance was a good one, and in addition
to the membership of the council and of
the cabinet, there were present quite a
number of members of the order. Ad
dresses were made by President Arter of
the cabinet, Senator Field, Secretary
Hastings of the cabinet, and a number of
others.
Last Tuesday evening there was a good
attendance of members at Golden Gate
Council, and a very pleasant evening was
spent after the transaction of routine
business. There were a number of ad
dresses, and vocal music by the National
Union Quartet.
SONS OF EXEMPTS.
At the last held meeting of the Sons
of Exempts, in the hall of the Exempts
on Brenham place, there was presented
the names of a number of sons of old
time firemen who are eligible to member
ship, and a committee was appointed to
call upon them with a view of having
them become members of the organiza
tion that is to perpetuate the Exempt
Company of San Francisco Firemen of the
Volunteer Department. At an informal
meeting recently held It was announced
that when the old Exempt Company was
reduced to a very small number all the
property and archives now in its posses
sion would pass in to the care and cus
tody of the Juniors to preserve for all
time to come. The new association is
doing well, considering the short time
that has been organized, and w-nen Its
objects become thoroughly understood
there is no doubt that eligibles— who must
be sons of volunteer firemen, who them
selves were eligible to admission Into the
ranks of the Exempts— wJll swell the
ranks and in a short time make it one
of the powerful social organizations of
the city.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
■ There was a goodly number of the mem
bers of the order last Monday night in
the hall of Bay City Circle, it being the
occasion of the official visit of Grand
Chief Companion Coburn to that subordi
nate. He was accompanied by Mrs.
Flora Jacobs, grand sub-chief- Mrs. E.
W. Haughy, grand treasurer; Mrs. Kemp
Y&ft fit WA m* A »ftVto. KWrt trus
Palmistry
5O many thousand impressions 01
palms have been forwarded to this
department for reading that it has
been decided not to receive any
mere until those on hand are an
swered. This is done in justice to the
palmist and to those who might forward
impressions and be obliged to wait a long
time before a careful reading could bo
made in this column.
• » •
R. R. M. L,., Oakland -A hand of talent,
but poor financial returns, Strong will,
great perseverance and courage. You lack
logici act too impulsively, You have in
ventive genius, and would make a greater
success of lift: If you were more steadfast, i
ALMA M.— You will marry three!
times; will be divorced after a stormy life ;
with your third. You will have an event- ;
ful life. Many joys and sorrows. Not 1
much money in early life.
MRS. MARY G.— One who has expe
! many reverses of fortune, a good
economical manager, fond of home and
family. A thoroughly independent person,
Inclined to be too Intense. Great trials in
home affairs. Two long voyages. Money
late in life. Serious heart affection,
brought on by trouble.
MISS ERNESTINE X.— This is a happy
combination { the artistic and the practi
cal, a blending of the two natures. Fond j
of hom<> and family, great respect for age.
A heart bo full of affection that it lives
Upon plans for the future. Good abilii
make money. Self-reliant and prudent
Fond of display. Will marry twice.
MISS BESSIE M.— A very versatile,
adaptable nature, generous and frank,
ary Century; it is so again this month
with Major General Greene's "Capture of
Manila." General Greene is the author
of the standard history of the Turco-Kus
sian war and of other military works.
In writing of the campaign in "the Phil
ippines he speaks with authority, for he
commanded the second expedition from
San Francisco and took a conspic
uous and important part in the operations
of the army. This the first of two articles
from his pen. Lieutenant Hobson tells
in this number of his experiences in pris
on in Santiago and his observations of
the Biege; Lieutenant J. B. Bernadou,
who commanded the torpedo boat Wins
low in th.- action at Cardenas, In which
Ensign Bagley was killed, tells the story
of May 11; Lieutenant Cameron Wins
low, who commanded the cable cutting
expedition at Cientfuegos on the same
day, describes the hazardous operations
J'flz Departed Info the Mourvtairv to J^rAy."
Photographed From the Original of J. J. Tissot's Great Painting Expressly for
McClure'a Magazine for March.
tees; Mrs. Emma Harrington, Junior past
grand chief companion; Mrs. A. M. Duke
and Mrs. E. A. Carah, past grand chief
companions. The business methods of
the circle won the approbation of the
grand chief, but he and the other grand
officers were more than lost in admira
tion for the work as exemplified by Mrs.
Marks, chief companion; Mrs. Goodman,
junior past chief companion; Miss M. Lor
yea, sub-chief; Miss Bessie Bom-m, right
guide, and MIBB Ettle Berkheim. left
g-uide. Never in the history of the order
was there a more perfect exemplification
of the work, particularly by the guides.
There were a number of excellent ad
dresses and the presentation to the grand
chief companion of a handsomely worked
necktie case and of a handkerchief case
to the grand sub-chief and to Mrs. Carah.
the deputy of the circle. At the close of
business the members and visitors ad
journed to a cafe in the vicinity, where
there was served up a collation. Mrs.
Helena Worms, past chief of Bay City,
in a logical address paid a high tribute
to the worth of Mrs. Jacobs, who is In
line of promotion for the. office of grand
chief companion. Before the adjourn
ment of the circle the "three beauties"
thereof and all present were photo
graphed in a group by flashlight.
Grand Sub-Chief Companion Mrs. Ja
cobs will to-morrow night visit Manza
nita Circle at Angels' Camp, and on Wed
nesday she will be with Mother Lode Cir
cle at Jamestown.
Grand Treasurer Mrs. Haughy was one
of the grand officers who visited Golden
Gate Circle last week.
The annual masked ball given by Ocean
View Circle. Court Castle Rock and Court
Serra at Santa Barbara recently was a
great social success and was attend) il
by a great number of people. There were
many novel and pretty costumes. The
prizes for finest costumes were given to
L. A. Carrillo and Miss Mamie Haynes,
and for the best characters to Orrin Har
rison and Mrs. Hubbel.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
On the night of the 24th of February
Martha Lodge had another big Initiation,
twelve candidates receiving the degree
that night, making twenty-three In two
weeks. The lodge still has half a dozen
Shad t *£■&*<*
but Inclined to go to extremes too dar
ing- for your own safety; your domestic
life will "be rather disappointing! one en
emy who will take every opportunity to
make things disagreeable. • ;' : '
MISS FKANCES W.— This hand gives
evidence of a refined, educated mind,
some musical talent, good conversational
ist and a bright, cheerful manner.: you
are conscientious In all your dealings;
you will have a quiet, happy married life.
M. F. CAS.— You have a IVrm, unyield
ing nature; a love that is jealous and self
ish and not always as pure as it should
be: there will be an occasion In the near
future when this tendency will cause you
serious trouble; one serious illness is In
dicated In the life line between 30 and 3...
WILLIAM D.— You have a sunny, cheer
ful nature; no superabundance of affec
tion though you are fond of home ana
country; you will never know trouble; in
fact, you are inclined to be too phleg
matic. ■ 'y£*i?
QUJEEN OF SHEBA.— Your hand shows
much worry and vexation; you are ambi
tious and would accomplish a great deal,
but you have many obstacles to over
come; three marriages are marked; two
will be close together; one husband will
die suddenly; you are intellectual and en
ergetic: will take one long voyage, which
will influence your whole life.
MISS ELIZABETH A.— This hand
shows a visionary', imaginative mind;
large ideas but poor attainments; not a
strong constitution; inclined to be ex
travagant; you have an intense love that
will stop at nothing; you do not always
use good judgment.
MISS M. J., Fruitvale— life lines
show that ill health has Interfered with
your on-going. You will marry.
MISS NELLIE M.— You have two tal-
which he directed; and Arthur Hough
ton gives a realistic glimpse of "Scenes
in the Spanish Capital' on the eve of the
late war. The Century Company: New
York.
In the current issue of
Harper's Magazine ap
pears the last Install
ment of "The Span o'
I. iff- "' by William McLennan and
.1. w. Mcllwraith. The romance will
shortly be brought out in boob fnrin,
and with its many and beautiful illustra
tione by P. de Myrbach will make a most
attractive volume. It is a stirring story
of the French and Indian war, dealing
with the Chevalier Maxwell, who is an
adherent of Prince Charles, and who, af
ter the battle of Culloden, is forced to flee
HARPER'S.
Continued on Page Thirty-two.
I applications to pass upon. There were ]
present during the ceremony a number of
the grand officers.
Last Monday night there were thirteen
candidates Initiated into the membership !
of Bay City Lodge in the presence of a
large number of visitors and grand offl- j
cers. Among the latter w.-n- Grand Pro- 1
tector Mrs. L. J. YVheeloek. Grand Sec
retary Quitzow and Grand Chaplain Mrs. ;
S. Krueger. After the ceremony there
waa an address by the honorary mem
ber of Aurora Lodge, the gnmd protec
tor, the grand secretary, Grand Repre
sentative Dr. American and others; also
a recitation, "The Oregon," by Mrs. Hale,
one of the new members.
Golden Rule Lodge at its last held meet
ing initiated one candidate and received
three applications.
During the month erf January and Feb
ruary there have been initiated into the
order eighty-nine new members.
ROBIN HOOD CIRCLE.
The official visit by Grand Chief Com- I
panion I. W. Coburn to Robin Hood Cir
cle, Companions of the Forest of America,
was on last Wednesday night. Those who !
are of the "prominency" of the order and
| were present were: Grand Sub Chief Mrs
Flora Jacobs, Grand Financial Secretary i
Miss Bremer. Grand Recording Secretary \
Mrs. L. Atwood. who is also chief com
panion of the circle; Grand Trustees Mrs.
R. Kemp Van Ec and Mrs. A. Davis Ju
nior Past Chief Companion Mrs* p:mma
Harrington and Past Chief Companion
a. M. A. Duke. Grand Treasurer Mrs.
Haughy sent her regrets at not being
able to be present on account of sickness
at her home. There were many members
and visitors in the prettily decorated
rodtn. Tiio grand chief companion, under
and welfare, threw baskets of ora
torical bouquets over the recording secre
tary, Miss Alice Tricoulet, for the perfect
manner in which she keeps her records,
and also gave a few to Miss Mamie
Scheon, the financial secretary. He was
particularly flattering in his remarks
! about the work of the officers, who exem
plified it by the initiation of four candi
dates. The financial secretary made the
announcement that the reports now
I show that Robin Hood Circle is at the
jjiead of all the circles, in finance andj
ents and could make your life successful
by the cultivation of either* one. You lack
npplication. Y<>ur life will be most inter
esting and exciting, full of joys and sor-
MBS. C. E.— You will have unexpected
B i fortune in old nge. Long life.
WILLIAM <). Yon will have a quiet,
uneventful life. You do not care for the
opposite six - specially, and dislike to as-
Bume marital reaponwWiltle*. A life of
hard work with poor financial results.
MRS. K. J. X.— A nature careful In ma
terial matters; fond of home, yet apt to
worry over trifles. Serious trouble with
thfl head is indicated. Many Journeys.
Two marrlagi s.
MISS JANE 0., Mokelumne— An excel
lent combination of the artistic and th©
practical. Will have two serious love af-
I'.ilrs. Much travel.
MISS D. M. 8., Morgan Hill- -Long life.
Strong mentality. Generous nature. Fond
• -peculation, yet cautious. You will not
iiiarrv until you find your ideal.
MISS MOLLIB M.— You have a very
sensitive, affectionate nature. One serious
illness between 29 and 30. You are intel
lectual and tactful. You have an active,
intuitive nature. Are thoroughly indepen
dent, with ability to manage people.
MISS E. M., Oakland— A very eventful
career. Two marriages. Best prosperity
after 35.
JAMES B.— You have an economical,
cautious nature. Not demonstrative in
affection. You are level-headed and prac
tical. Will have many changes within th©
next fifteen months.
MISS ALMA H.. Oakland— You have a
loving, cheerful nature, moral, and exact
ing the same strict rectitude from others.
Four greatest happiness will be in your
married life. You will marry a man of
ability and money.
J. T. O. R., Vallejo— A man with good
business ability and honest family love.
Easy going, cheerful, happy temperament
Inclined to be too rash In speculation.
One marriage.
MISS H. 11. H., Vallejo-A nervous, wor
rying nature. Many love affairs, all end
ing in disappointment. A religious nature.
You will marry an old .sweetheart after a
broken engagement and a long separation.
You will travel a great deal, both by land
and water.
LELAND P.— A most extraordinary ca
reer. Good health until the twenty-third
year. You will be assisted by people of
money and Influence. Your strong deter
mination will carry you through two se
rious financial losses. One long sea voy
age at 27, which will bring money and
fame.
C. F. S., Suisun— A generous, kind-heart
ed nature, practical, with a kern apprecia
tion of the tine arts. In th.- past your cau
tious nature has saved many losses. [ n
the future you will be more daring and
your speculations will not be successful
MISS JULIA J., Santa Clara— A nature
fond of ease and luxury, inclined to bn
extravagant. Good taste, generous to a
fault. A versatile, affable, inconstant na
ture. One great disappointment in love
that will cause great unhappin> s-s in early
life. A happy marriage between "0 and
35. Two long voyages in thr- near future.
JAMES H. P.— A jealous, critical nature:
intellectual, logical. A man who can b«
suave, even to those he dots not care for.
Two marriage?, one of which will not be
satisfactory. Several children.
MRS. MATT D.— You are careful and
close in money matters. A good man
ager. Strong love of home and family.
Two severe illnesses before 30. Several
voyages. One grear sorrow, which under
mines the health. Many trials and strug
gle? In early life.
MISS M. M. , Oakland.— A severe illness
between- 25 and 2fi; one who will have
many joys, but with corresponding Bor
bows; a jealous nature; fond of taking
chances on everything in life.
MISS P. J. M.— Yours is the hand of a
steady, active mind, not easily persuaded;
great" prudence and caution indicated;
several voyages of note: will marry a per
son of great business ability.
MISS MABEL C— You will rise grad
ually to success; you have good ld^as. but
nut ' force of will enough to carry out
your aspirations: you will have one love
affair, which will cause sorrow; a broken,
engagement is plainly marked.
MISS M. TV. W.— Your nature is phley
matl<' and sensual; you are generous with
those you love; you are fond of the good
things" of this world and are thoroughly
material; love to speculate, very impul
sive and daring; an erratic nature.
MISS ELLIS.— A very ardent, impul
sive nature: prudent in money matters;
many struggles in early life; one mar
riage, two children.
j. H.— You have a well-balanced nature;
one who can make the best of every' sit
uation in life: inclined to be too daring.
and will lose money through speculation;
long life; two marriages.
MISS MINNIE T.— You rft.ve two
marked tal< tits and would succeed in
either one if you would concentrate your
mind and put a lot of useless people out
of your life.
MISS ARTIE O.— You have a great in
terest in the opposite sex; are fond of ad
miration and dross; you will marry and
have many struggles in your early mar
ried lifo; four children; you have talent,
but you lack continuity.
MRS. KATE W. —An open-hearted,
frank, generous nature; a true friend: one
who has not the best of health and yet
possesses a sunny, cheerful disposition;
much talent and originality; affectionate
and thoughtful; will marry twice.
MTSS BETH H.. Oakland -You will
have all your struggles In early life. You
will marry happy at 28 and have flvn
children. You will accompany your hus
band on several long business trips.
Greatest prosperity between 38 aoid 40.
M. M. X.-An ideal wlfo and mother.
Fond of music and art. Poor health in
the early part of life. A womtt of high
ideals and great plans. Will marry once
and have a large family.
BABY M. S.— A nervous, restless, excit
able nature. Will follow a professional
career. Will travel much and make a,
good deal of money, but will spend It as
fast as he makes it.
MISS MINNIE X.— You are not aa
sweet and amiable as you might be. You
allow "the little foxes to spoil the vines.'*
You are fond of admiration and incon
stant in affection. A most exciting and
eventful career. You will be a widow
twice. One husband will cause no end of
trouble.
The following named sent in prints too
poor to be read:
MISS MARY MOORE.
MRS. A. D. WILLSON. J j
MR. JAMES WILLSON.
ROSE COOLEY.
Madame Neergaard, pupil of St. Oermala,
scientific palm reading. 33SS Twenty-flrst §t.,
near Valencia. Telephone White 1571.
membership, and Is entitled to the titlo
of "Banner Circle." The circle through
its honorary member presented the grand
chief companion an elegant pocketbook,
and the grand sub ahier a fine purse ia
appreciation of their work for the circle
and the order generally. In addition th»
grand sub chief was presented two bunch
ea of flowers from individual members of
the circle, who appreciate her worth and
want to see her elevated to the positon
next above the one she now occupies.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Social Council No. 46 gave one of tha
most entertaining "evenings at home
last Tuesday night that It has ever given
one that was a success in the sense or
being a drawing card and excellence of
programme. The event was in the ban
quet hall of the Native Bons' building, and
the attendance exceeded 300. The commit
tee of arrangements, consisting of W. P.
Gibson, chairman and master of ceremo
nies, Mesdames Gibson, Baccua, Voy and
Adams and Miss Clara McDonald, pre
sented a varied programme, which nad
for features: Scarf dance. Miss Lois
Underwood; vocal solo, W. Ratigan; reci
tation, Mary E. Hart, vice president of
the Pacific Coast Women's Press Associa
tion; address, by F. D. Brandon; cornet
duet. Misses Josie and May Gitchell. and
vocal solo, by Miss Maude Still, whose ef
forts were unusually good. So pleasing
were her efforts that she was encored
three times. The programme was followed
by dancing, under the direction of J. S.
Carr. floor manager, and F. Uphaus, G.
W. Smith and W. M. Sullivan, assistants.
The Progressive Councils, represented
by a committee of three from each of tha
local councils, met in the hall of Fair
mount Council last Monday night and
adopted plans for the entertainment or
the delegates to the Grand Council.
Garden City Council at its last held
meeting had three initiations, received ap
plications and wound up with a chicken
tamale supper. The council is arranging
for the celebration of the anniversary of
the order.
Grand Councilor Boehm has appointed a
committee from each of the local councils
to meet next Friday in the hall of Golden
Gate Council to arrange for a celebration
of the anniversary of the order on thi
29th. of May.THE week has not been notable for
novelties; In fact there was little
or nothing new at any of the
show houses; but it gave us a
few hours of pause In which to
make ready for the opera season and
realize generally how the theatrical
prospects of San Francisco have loomed
up in as much of the season as has al
ready been accomplished. A year ago
San Francisco was enduring a theatri
cal famine. There was money in the
town and there were playgoers willing
t" spend it; but the attractions were
almopt uniformly frivolous, vulgar and
cheap, and the regular old-time patron
of the drama found it to his advantage
to stay home o' nights. For many
months he persisted in staying home;
and even when Bane productions were
again in order, it took him a long time
to exchange his fireside and book and
Flippers for the pleasures of the theater.
But now it would seem that he is com
pletely won back to his old love. The
managers of the higher-priced theaters
have found uninterrupted prosperity in
the new year. And at the same time
the managers of the lesser houses of
amusement have lost nothing; they
have continued business with pleasure
to their patrons and profit to them
selves. To be sure the Baldwin is
burned and old Morosco'a is no more.
But the destruction of the Baldwin
merely forced attractions and audiences
t" the California, which before that
time had been anything but a prosper
ous house; and the closing down of
meant the rev.val of the
i ; rand Opera House and the prospect
of another and hiei^r theatrical piunge
un th>- part of Mr. Morosco. The
Orpheum has continued the most popu
lar and financially fortunate theater in
San Francisoo by giving its following
th-> best possible vaudeville show for
an incredibly cheap admission. The
comic opeia and other productions at
the Tivoli have succeeded on similar
lines. The Alcazar, which has always
; <:-r.t« rprise in securing
the rights to fairly new plays, has held
its own faithful clientele and gained
many new friends in the way of former
Morosco patrons. Even the Comedy
Theater, with its several disastrous
productions, has managed to keep the
lights lighted and the doors open. It
has endured beyond the most sanguine
tations <>f experts and now seems
to occupy a permanent place in local
theatricals. And this week the Alham
i>ra will be opened as a regular temple
of melodrama. Include the Chutes,
which is really a formidable enterprise,
and count on th<* Grand Opera House
and the Alhambra as already in opera
tion, and you will see that we are sup
porting no less than nine legitimately
organized places of amusement, to say
nothing of an expensive symphony so
rWy and the endless procession of
email concerts. Even with fewer thea
ters—and I fear that at least one of
the cheaper ones will not last — the town
is paying handsome tribute to the men
who furnish its entertainment. In fact
there seems to be a theatrical boom
<n the way for San Francisco — a boom
that may ultimately bring us the Met
ropolitan Opera Company, Irving, Duse
AMTJSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA «&«*
I ™'. 8 MONDAY, MARCB 6. £X
BLANCHE
WALSH,
MELBOURNE
MACDOWELL
AND THE
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL CO.
IN
FANNY DAVENPORT'S PRODUCTION
Of Sardou's Great Pla*
FIRST U/EEK-
LA TOSCA
Comine— Famous Original BOSTONTANS.
ffl&rala THEATER.
TO-NIGHT,
FAREWELL PERFORMANCE,
Th« younjr American Tragedienne,
NANCE
O'NEIL.
Repetition by request,
MAGDA.
STEEPLECHASE
CENTRAL PARK, Eighth ud Market.
THOUSANDS DAILY RIDE THE "GRAVITY
HORSES." . 
Extra Attractions To-tday, as follows: Royal
and Imperial Japanese Troupe of Acrobats,
High Divers and Swimmers; Pigeon "Fuse
Shooting" Gallery. Direct From France; "Vos-
mer, the Aeronaut, in Thrilling Mid-air Per-
formances. Open Dally from 1 p. m to 11 p. m.
Admission. Including "Horses," Only 10c J
and whatnot. Ever eince we paid $7
a seat to hear Melba and a handful of
singers in what were practically noth
ing more than costumed concerts, our
reputation has been on the rise in New
York. Mr. Frohman and his associates
have found out that we do not take
kindly to tenderloin farce, but that we
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Morocco Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessee.
THE BAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
NEW TORE STXPHONT ORCHESTRA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet!
Principals — Mmes. Melba, Gadski, De Lus-
san, Olltzka, Challa, Mattfeld, Van Cauteren,
MM. Bonnard, Pandolflni, Van- Hoose, Del Sol,
Cass, Bensaude, Bourdouresque, Stehmann, De
Vrles, Rains, Rosa, Vlviani. Conductors — Sig-
nor Armando Seppilll and Herr Richard Fried.
Opera* staged under the direction of Mr. Will-
iam Parry.
Repertoire, first week— 13. opening
night, "FAUST," with Mme. Melba; March
14, "AIDA," d^but of Mme. Gadskl; March 15,
"LA BOHEME," with Mme. Melba and debut
of Mile, de Lussan; March 16, double bill,
"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA" and "I'PAG-
LIACCI." with Mmes. Gadski and Chalia (her
first appearance here); March 17, "CARMEN,"
with Mllr>. de Lussan and Mme. Gadski; March
18, matinee, "BARBER OF SEVILLE," with
Mme. Melba. Repertoire for thp second and
last week will be duly announced.
The sale of SINGLE seats for the first six
performance*! will open at the box office of
the GRAND OPERA HOUSE to-morrow
(MONDAY) mr.rningr at 9 o'clock. Prices of
RESERVED SEATS. $5. $4. $3. $2. according
to location.- PROSCENIUM BOXES, 3 left
and 4 right, and third tier boxes on sale for
the season.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Urm. Erneatln* Kreling. Proprietor and Mrr.
TO-NIGHT— TIME!
The Fantastic Comic Opera,
MADELEINE,
Or, THE JAQIC KISS.
. TO-MORROW EVENING
And All the Week.
Regal Presentation of
'- - \ THE MYTHOLOGICAL WORK.
"I_M BELI-E HELENE"
MATINEE EVERT SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
Popular Prices Zse and SOo
jf B—A reserved ee&t for the matinee, 2Sa
... £»ur Telephone. Bu.h 9. >■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
THE THEATRICAL BOOM THAT
IS ON THE WAY HERE.
will turn out numerously to the produc
tions of higher grade. Even the burn
ing of the Baldwin did not take away
from the success of "Secret Service,"
-which was telegraphed all over the
country. And we will get other big
metropolitan successes just as soon as
they can be spared from New York.
And In immediate prospect is a strong
stock company season— not a Frawley
uncertainty, but a band of picked play
ers, headed by Henry Miller and Ed
ward Morgan, in the best available
plays of the period. In the little Broad
way offices of New York where all the
Beasons are schemed they are beginning
to take us seriously and are willing to
provide us with a clean and moderately
literate drama. And we can thank our
selves for having brought about this
condition. It was hard on us while the
famine lasted, but our persistent dis
esteem for cocktail carnivals and un
derclothes orgies masquerading as dra
matic fare, and our cheerful patronage
of anything serious or worthy, have
finally won out, and our situation is
now much less remote than the map
would make It out to be, and we are in
the way to have not only a lovely fu
ture, but a nice new little past. This
Ellis season of grand opera will, from
every indication, be a big pecuniary
success. It will be an artistic succesa,
too, let us hope; but just now it is the
pecuniary part of it that counts most
in our theatrical fortunes. Let Melba
and this company do two weeks of
record business and we have thrown
the Golden Gate wide open for the
greatest shows of the world.
Jhe Columbia.
Blanche "Walsh and Melbourne Mac-
Dowell commence a fortnight's season in
AMUSEMENTS. ■ '
,jpfflUf^"g>w -^ San Francisco, Cal.« Estab. 1887
wi\ k° s Angeles, CaL, Estab. JBB4
WEE JK &j ])J§ t*\ A/ S Ul\ MARCH 6 r
COMMENCING T l'fl%dt /v AJ' jML M f 1899.
10- New Amerioan and European V&udeViile Oelebreties and Novelties —
PACIFIC COAST DEBUT OP EUROPE'S RENOWNED COMEDY STARS
THE TWINS MARCO
The Famous Comique Eccentriques.
...OLA HA YDENZr
The Phenomenal Girl Barytone.
In the Comedy Skit With His Acrobatic
•'MATRIMONIAL ABSURDITIES." MONKEYS and CLOWN BABOONS.
THE THREE FORTUNIS BROS^
Greatest Novelty Comedy Act of the Day.
CORIIINNERTLOUrS IIiSSEN
America's Celebrated Legitimate Artists, In "MY HUSBAND'S MODEL."
TH£ HULINES THeT4 EODYS
Comedy Musical Artists. « Acrobatic Wonders.
Send the Weekly Call (o Your Friends.
ENLARGED TO l6 PAGES, ONLY $1 PER YEARi ••
By Ashton Stevens.
the late Fanny Davenport's Sardou playa
at the Columbia to-morrow night. The
young actress has hren selected, as Fanny
Davenport's successor, and from all ac
counts has quite distinguished herself in
this field, "Ua Tosca" will be played
during the first week and "Fedora dur
ing the second. Miss Walsh will have
the title part and Mr. MacDoweil will be
seen again in his well-known impersona
tion of Scarpia. The productions, so it is
promised, will be ;is beautiful and flab
orate as ever. The supporting company
is said to be a good one.
Jhe Galiforrxia.
Nance ON.MI will close her pngag^ment
at the California Theater this evening
in "Magda" instead of -'East L.ynne," as
first announced. The Suderman play, as
presented by Miss O'Neil and her com
pany, is a performance of more than
ordinary interest, and the farewell per
formance this evening will be well at
tended.
# The /\lhambra.
The Alhnmbra will open to-morrow
evening under the management of Hol
den, Mac Donald & Kilgo as a popular
priced dramatic theater. A stock
company especially engaged for the
purpose in New York will appear in a
patriotic naval drama entirely new here,
entitled "Dewey, the Hero of Manila."
The scene is in Cuba and the Philippine
Islands, and among the chief incidents
are the arrival of the Maine in Havana
harbor, the escape of the heroine from
Morro Castle, the destruction of the
Maine and the victory of Dewey and his
fleet over the Spanish armada in Manila
Hay. The company includes Laura Al
berta, Thomas Dayle, Joseph L. Tracy,
P.? Witt Clinton. Charles Swain (an old
favorite) and Florence Rossland.
Jhe Ti^oli.
The Tivoli Opera House will revive this
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA 'Egfe
Oottlob, Marx & Co Managers
"THE STARS AND STRIPES FOREVER."
OUTBURSTS OP ENTHUSIASM.
SOUSA 4
f\nd His Band.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:30.
AGAIN TO-NIGHT.
Box office at theater open nil day Sunday
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner of Jones and Eddy Streets.
Under the Management of liolden, Mac Donald
and Kilgo.
To-Morrow Evening, Monday, March 6, 18M.
first production in this city of the successful
Patriotic Naval Drama,
DEWEY
THE HERO OF MANILA
A play that every true American will see.
First appearance of our New York Stock
Company.
A series of magnificent spectacles and soul-
stirring situations.
Prices of Admission — 10c, 15c, 25c and 85c. r
BOX OFFICE NOW OPEN.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND .EVENING.
TO-DAY I TO-DAYI
Last Two Appearances of
...PIANKA...
jgfm,. GREAT BILL IN THE FREE
(iBl THEATER !
f GREAT BILL IN THE FREE
THEATER!
The ONLY LTNWOOD, MICHEL-
W&7 SEN-BROTHERS, BLANCHE REED.
W7 LITTLE MILDRED, COTRELY anil
AM4 VAN GOFRE. DU BELL and NEW
fit MOVING PICTURES.
Ascension by MARKEBURG This Afternoon
10c, including 1 Zoo and Theater; Children, sc;
Sundays and^ Holidays, 19c -> -<: • ( ,
week Offenbach's famous mythological
work, "La Belle Hetene." This charming
work has been lately revived in Paris and
New York. In the latter place it has
aroused much discussion. Its score is
filled with catchy music and the book is
one of the best mythological burlesques
ever penned. The cast includes Anna
ABASEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY!
Last Performance of
JOHN L SULLIVAN'S COMBINATION
— .■■-■■■■'. ■ ■•
ONE WEEK ONLY.
Commencing To-Night
SOUVENIR AND PROFESSIONAL MATI-
NEE WEDNESDAY.
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY.
Introduction to San Francisco of
THE YOUNG AMERICAN ACTRESS,
JANET
..WALDORF ..
Supported by a Company of Intelligent
Players.
REPERTOIRE:
To-Night (Sunday) "Twelfth Night"
Monday "HUNCHBACK"
Tuesday "AS YOU LIKE IT"
Wednesday Matinee (Professional and Sou- ■
venir) "INGOMAR"
Wednesday Night "LADY OF LYONS"
Thursday.. "MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING"
Friday "TWELFTH NIGHT"
Saturday Matinee (Souvenir) ..Request?
Saturday Night "ROMEO AND JULIET"
POPULAR PRICES I
Seats secured Box Office and Emporium.
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
t 6°unTa h vT' The Girl I Left Behind Me,
IP YOU INCX 1 GO WHERE
ANT FUN WFFK ™ E FUN IS
. London' Host Noted Farce Triumph,
A MAN Br « kt '
WITH Irresistible,
A PAST **V-
Lichter as the beautiful Queen of Sparta,
Helene; Annie Myers, the gay young son
of Agamemnon, Orestes; El via Crox as
Paris, the hero; Bernice Holmes as the
overbearing wife of Agamemnon, Clytem
nestra: Ida Wyatt, Helene's sprightly
maid. Bachis; Phil Branson as the drowsy
old King, Monclaus; Bdwln Stevens as the
Mph priest, Calchas; William Schuster as
the King of Greere. Aeramemnon; William
Pruette as Achilles; William H. West as
the blacksmith, Euthyeles; John P. Wil
-808 and Fred Kavanagh as the two
Kings, Ajax I and 11, and Duncan H.
Smith as the servant to Calehan. Philo-
Comus. "The Pretty Poacher," adopted
from th" French by Oscar Weil and form
erly played by the Bostonlane, will follow.
In this opera Gerald Oerome. a grand and
opera tenor, will make his first ap
pearance here.
Sousa.
The last two concerts by Sousa and hi*
band will take place at the Alhambra
Theater, corner Eddy and Jones streets,
this afternoon and evening. The band
master and his organization will have
particularly enticing programmes for
these concerts, and the soloists, among
whom are Maud Reese Davies (soprano)
and Dorothy Hoyle (violinist), will render
some request numbers. The programme
for this evening is as follows:
Overture — "Carneval Romalne" Bellos
Trombone solo— "lx>ve Thoughts" (new)..Pryor
Arthur Pryor.
Idyl— "Echoes de Bastions" (new) Kltng
Russian peasant mazourka, from "The
Charlatan (new) Sou
Soprano solo— "Ah fors c lv" ("Travlata"
(new) Verdi
Ml?s Maude Reese Daviea.
Excerpts from •'Slegrfried" Wajner
Intermission of ten mtnutes.
Carnival scene from "Suite Nlclan" (new)
Glraud
Serenade— "Badlne" (new) Gabriel-Marie
March— "The Charlatan" (new) Sousa
Violin solo— "Souvenir de Haydn" Leonard
Miss Dorothy Hoyle.
Overture— "William Tell" Rossini
|^eW Gomedvj.
Janet Waldorf, a young Eastern actress
who has been touring the coast with con
siderable success in Shakespearean plays,
will introduce her talent to San Francisco
to-night in the Comedy Theater, appear
ing as Viola in "Twelfth Night." Misa
Waldorf is a pupil of Mrs. Ada Dow Cur
rier, who is reputed to have discovered
and coached Julia Marlowe. The stag's
will be under Mrs. Dow's direction. The
company includes Messrs. McVay, Mac-
Gregor, Hernandez, Carroll. Dunne, Mor
ton, Adam, Martin and Shaw, and the
Misses Boyer and Compson. This is tha
order of the week's repertory: "Twelfth
Night," to-night and Friday night; "Tha
Hunchback," Monday; "As You Like It,"
Tuesday; "Ingomar," at the special sou
venir and professional matinee "Wednes
day; "Lady of Lyons," Wednesday night;
"Much Ado About Nothing," Thursday,
and "Romeo and Juliet" on Saturday
night. The Saturday matinee will be se
lected by request.
The y\lcazar.
Beginning to-morrow evening;, Harry
and Edward Paulton's English farce In
three acts, "A Man With a Past," will be
the Alcazar's attraction.
Blanch, the bride, has a fad for every
thing which borders upon the "sporty."
The only fault that she finds in her hus
band is that his past is too tame. Befora
the couple arrive home from their wed
dinp trip the husband is approached
quietly by a confidential agent, who in
forms him that his conduct while in India
was such that he is liable to be black
listed from society. Poor Horace Drum
mond denies all charges, but circumstan
tial evidence is so strong that he goes to
his senior partner, who is likewise named
Drummond, and tells of the accusation.
The partner, to shield himself, has Horace
shoulder the blame and thereby win the
record which his wife so covets. Horace
consents, and the complications are gay
and numerous.
Jhe Orpheum.
The Orpheum has five new acts an
nounced for this week. At the head o*
the list are the famous Twins Marco, ec
centric comedians, and who are credited
with being the cleverest in their line In.
all Europe. Francois Nivens . and his
troupe of acrobatic monkeys and clown,
baboons are another novelty brought from
Europe for the Orpheum circuit, and
along with them come the Fortunia
Brothers, comedy acrobats. Ola Hay den,
the famous contra-tenor, is expected to
furnish a pleasing number, as she was a
prime favorite when here one year ago.
She has all new songs. Hayden and
Hetherton also return with a new comedy
skit, in which Queen Hetherton will intro
duce a number of songs written for her
by Joe Hayden, the author of "A Hot
Time." Those retained are Cora Tanner
and Louis Massen, the Four Eddys and
the Hulines. ■"" rX
Ellis Opera Seasorv
The sale of season tickets Just concluded
for the twelve performances of the Ellis
Opera Company is highly satisfactory.
It is twice as large as the famous Pattl
sale, and when the box office is opened
for the single sale of the first week at the.
Grand Opera House to-morrow morningr
the intending purchaser will find all of
the boxes and most of the choice seats
Continued on Page Thirty-two.
AMUSEMENTS.
NGLESIDE COURSING PARK
OPEN STAKE
PUPPY STAKE !
SATURDAY and SUNDAY*
BIG MONET. CORKING BARES.
JOHN GRACE v .... Judge. '
JAMES GRACE Slipper.
N. B.— Ji'dge Grace ehall announce the seer*
after each course, which shall be placed on
the blackboard.
Take the Mission-street car and It will laag
you at the sate. -
I ADMISSION, 25Cj LADIES fRS^ -
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower.
Bank clearings larger than usual.
Wheat firm. Barley futures advanced.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet.
Hay very dull.
Feedstuff? unchanged.
Peans and Seeds as before.
Potatoes and Vegetables about ttaa sam«.
Butter lower and Eggs eaay.
More Kastern Poultry due.
Game In light receipt.
Mexican Limes out of market.
Oranges and Apples unchanged.
Provisions in fair demand.
Wool, Hops and Hides quiet.
Meat market unchanged.
Increased revenue collections.
THE HAY MARKET.
The circular of George Morrow & Co. says:
"Receipts for the week, 2052 tons. The re
ceipts have been neither light nor heavy, and
yet we are confronted with an exceedingly dull
"market. Holders seem disposed to let go and
buyers are very shy about making offers for
nnything except strictly choice wheat hay, and
even that article has gone off in price to some
extent. The market showed every sign of
weakness on Monday and Tuesday, but
Wednesday's rain, although It did not amount
to much, certainly tended to make matters
ptii: worse. Reports from most sections of the
State Indicate that with seasonable showers
during the current month this State will have
a good average hay crop. As there Is no rea-
Fon to suppose wo will not have the showers so
much desired, now that the ice has been ,
broken, so to spenU. it is hardly reasonable
to expect any material Improvement in values :
In the near future, llnd the rain not come as j
It did, we are inclined to think the market j
might have picked up a little."
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal collections in this district last month
were 1232,988, against 125,844 for February.
IS9S. and Included $69,252 for beer. $70,046 for
pplrlts. $19,155 for tobacco and $68,430 for war
stamps. The collections for the first two
months of the year were $452j6%, against $251,-
B2J for the same time in 1893.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Lnra.l bank clearings last week were un
nsua'.ly large, being J21.29T.805, against $17,435,
--614 for the Fame week last year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, March 4. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
flate, as compared with those of same date ,
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
fcours:
Last This Last
E Stations— 2 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 23.60 26.74 ;
Red Bluff 0.00 13.26 12.07
Fncramento 0.00 7.93 8.5 a
Fan Francisco 0.00 8.00 7.32
Fresno 0.00 5.74 3.4j ;
Fan Luis Obispo 0.00 7.20 5.15
Ix>s Angeles 0.00 2.92 4.30
Pan Diego 0.00 3.71 3.13
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.23 .
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
73; minimum, 4S; mean. eo.
LEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is cloudy in Western Washing
ton and Eastern Oregon; elsewhere on the
Pacific Coast it la clear. LigTU rain has fallen :
on Puget Sound and snow on the eastern slope
of the Rocky Mountains. v
The temperature has risen over the entire
Pacific Coast, except In .Southern Arizona,
Where it has fallen slightly. The tempera
tures in the interior valleys of California ap
proximate 70 degrees this evening.
Conditions are favorable for lair, wanner I
weather Sunday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March C:
Northern California—Fair Sunday; warmer; \
frfsh north wind.
Southern California—Fair Sunday; fresh
north wind.
Nevada Fair; warmer Sunday.
Utah—Fair; warmer Sunday.
Arizona—Fair; warmer Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Sunday;
warmer; light north wind.
G. H. WIHiSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 4— The stock market
to-day worked upward under the impetus of ■
yesterday's movement until the appearance of
the bank statement showing a loss of over
$r.. 000. 000 In the surplus reserve, and another
expansion In the loan accounts. Prices lm- j
mediately gave way sharply In many shares, j
the recession being from 1 to 2 points, and
leaving the standard stocks fractionally below j
yesterday's figures. A good tone prevailed on !
Ixindon exchange for Americans, but advices
the nature of the purchases were con- I
fllctlng. some Intimating that the movement j
was initiated from this side, while others af- '
firmed It to be confident buying for English
investment account. There were sharp ad
vances early here in the Bteel stocks, the an
thracites, Tobacco, Brooklyn Transit, General
Electric an.l prominent railways, the latter
Improving In some cases. Reports of some !
of the large bull Interests seemed to lend sup- j
port to Burlington and the Steel stocks. New
York Airbrake was a very strong spot, after ,
the appearance of the bank statement, when
everything sold off. Many of the early buy- I
eys threw over stocks an.l the market closed I
weak at the lowest. Stocks In which luss-s
occurred for the week outnumber those which
advanced over t\i to 1. The market opened
with a show of strength on Monday, and there
after sagged until Friday, when a better tone j
prevailed up to the appearance of the bank ;
statement, when prices eased off. The more
prominent declines were Third Avenue Rail- '
road. 21; Metropolitan. 7; Pittsburg C. C. and '
St. Louis, !<. Burlington, Central Pacific and ]
Pacific Mall over 4 each. The conspicuous
exceptions to the general tendency were Am- ■
erican Tobacco and American Steel, the former
rising M 4. while the latter was up !%.
A false rumor that Admiral Dewey hjyl sunk ]
a German cruiser exerted an unsettling inflvi- •
*n. c on the market which was not altogether
dissipated by the emphatic denials of the j
rumor. The underlying conditions were no less
favorable than formerly, while there were
many evidences of prosperity in commercial
and financial circles. The prevailing feeling
of confidence was reflected by the advance in
the wages of iron and cotton workers In vari- |
ous sections of the country. The balance of
trade, usually considered dependent so largely ,
ireign demand for cereals, whs
strengthened very much by the increasing ex- '
ports '" domestic manufactured articles which
are exceeding the imports by about 25 per
cent. Indeed, ttoe exports of such articles
average in value - for each working
flay, commercial activity was also shown by
the Increase in the bank clearings of 4u per
cent for the week, as compared with the cor
responding period of lust year. The continued
demand for iron and Bteel products at rising
figures had a stimulating influence on Bhares
of companies connected with the trade. The
gradual contraction in the surplus reserve
shown In the weekly bank statement, together
with an expansion in the loans, cannot be re
garded as remarkable when It Is consides*rd
that money has been needed to finance many
railway deals, but more particularly colossal
Industrial combinations.
The capitalization of such concerns organized
wlthil. two months exceeds $1,500.0U0.00<J. Then
large sums were required to car- for American
stocks returned from abroad, but there were in
dications that some of these stocks were al
ready beginning to be reshipped to London. A
hardening rat»» for money appeared at one
time, call money touching -M 4. but subsequently
r-asing off to VA per cent. The higher rate's
were established or. securities which lack an
active market. It is usual for money to be
mcving toward the interior at thi:- time. "but the
temporary appearance of a higher rrfca f e started
an Influx of money to New V. rk.
The inirn vement In the money rate was
promptly followed by a decidedly easier tone
In the sterling exchange market, which was
taken to indicate the probability of America's
draw. ntr DBon Ub funds lo.ir.<><l abroal -should
the money rates rise sharply. The import of
marly $25,000,000 in gold at San Francisco with
in th<» last seven months has not attracted
much attention in the East. This inflow, how
ever, has been fully reflected in the weekly
bank statement x>f New York Institutions froiii
week to week Scale buying by the leaders < f
tne street, together with some commission
hoove purchasing, absorbed the offerings of
timid holders and traders at times when prices
were aJ-out lowest.
The bon ! trading during the week was very
irregular, with a marked undertone of firm
ness. United States threes and the twos a<l
vanc d ';-. tbe new fours registered %. new
fours coupon «i. the fives hi. and the old fours
registered %.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 409,400
shares, including: 6139 Atchlson, 34.430 Atchl-
Bnn preferred, 10.C2.", Burlington. 47,840 Head
ing preferred, CSSO Missouri Pacific, 18.400 On
tario and Western. ?.:><<u, Rock Island 5430.
I'nlon Pacific 13,270 St. Paul, 4100 Southern
Pacific 3950 Union Pacific preferred. 23.575 To
bacco. 34,794 Steel, 10.134 Steel preferred. 3300
People's Gas, 5330 Brooklyn Transit, 10,624
Bugar, 7190 T. C. and I.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atehlson ........... 22U ;St I,ouiß & 5F.... 11%
Do prefd filVi I>o prefd 71
Baltimore <£ Olilo. 70% Do 2d prefd 3S
r&nada Pacific... 89% St Paul 128
Canada Southern.. 57'.i| Do prefd 169
CentPac 4!>U|St P & Om 93
Ches & 0hi0:....... 27 Do pre M...*..-...170. ..*..-... 170 "
Chi & Alton 173 Bo Pacific 33%
Chi R & Q 140 So Railway.. lI2OU
Chi & E 111 66?*! ' Do prefd 48
Do prefd Texas &- Pacific.... 24« i
Chi G W I Union Pacific 46%
rhi md & t........ 9 ) Do Prefd 79%
Do prefd 43 UPD & 0 12
Chi * N W 1« IWabaßh 5H
Do prefd 192 | Do prefd 21%
C C C & St L 6S>4 Wheel & L E 11
Do prefd. 36 Do prefd *»
Del & Hudson IJZ% Express Companies—
Del L & W 10" Adams Ex HO
Den & Rio G *1T» American Ex l-'J
Do prefd 73V» United States i>s
Erie (new) lIW Wells Fargo 125
Do Ist prefd 3S . Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne 178 A Cot Oil 34%
Gt Nor prefd IS.% Do prefd Jl%
Hocking Val .>•* Am Spirits 13V
Illinois Cent 114% Do prefd l<\
Lake Erie & W.... 19 Am Tobacco 19u%
Do prefd o5 Do prefd MS
Lake Shore ....200 Cons Can.... 2H%
Louis & Nash 64 Com Cable Co 190
Manhattan L 110% Col F & Iron 32%
Met St Ry 239 I Do prefd.. 94
Mich Cent li:t Gen Electric 116>i
Minn & St L 53 Haw Com Co. 7fi
Do Ist prefd 99 Brooklyn R T 92%
Mo Pacific 4;'i|lntl Paper 53
Mobile & Ohio 27Vi! Do prefd SS
Mo X & T 135* Laclede Gas 51
Do prefd 39 Lead .' 34
N J Central 109% 1 Do prefd 112%
N V Central 135% Federal Steel 51%
j N V Chi & St L.. 14 j Do prefd 88
Do Ist prefd 65 Nat Lin Oil . >>
Do 2d prefd 34 Pacific Mail 47
i Nor West IS People's Gas 112%
No Amer Co 9% Pullman Pal 157
I No Pacific r>V& Silver Certificates. 59%
I>o prefd 78% Standard R & T... 9%
Ontario & W 26% Sugar 13SVi
Or R & Nay 40 Do prefd 114
Or Short Line 43 TC & Iron 45%
Pac C Ist prefd... S9 U S Leather 6%
Do 2d prefd 64 Do prefd 71
Flttsbtirg ISO U S Rubber 49%
Reading 22% Do prefd... 115
Do lKt prefd 64% Western Union 63%
RG W 36 Or Nay prefd 70
Do prefd 75-. Pac Coast 4S
Rock Island 117 Colo Southern 6%
St Louis & S W.. 9% Do Ist prefd r.3';
Do prefd 27% Do 2d prefd 23%
CLOSING BONDS. .
V 8 3s 107% N J C u5...." 117
r S new 4s reg 129 \'orth Carolina 65. 130
U S 4s 112 Do 4s 101
Do coup 113% No Pac lsts 115
Do 2ds 99% Do 3s 68* i
U S6s reg 112% Do 4s 102%
Do 5s coup 112% S V C & S L 45.107 ii
District 3.65s 117 Nor & W 6s 130Vj
Ala class A ... 109 Northwest consols.l 43
Do H 10S% Do deb os 122
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s 101%
Atchlson 4s 101% O S Line 6s tr....128%
Do adj 4» 83% O S Line 5s tr....110%
Can So 2ds 109 Reading 4s 89%
C & O 4%s 92% 18 G W lsts 94%
Chicago Terr.i 45.. 96% ,S L & I M Con Bs.lll
(' & O 5s 118% B L & S F Gen 68.121%
C H & D 4'<s.3 104% ISt P Con I(J4
D & R a lsts ....108% St P C & P 15t5. .122%
D&R G4s 100% Do os 120%
East Term lsts . 104H 4 So Ry os 105%
Erie Gen 4s 72% Standard R & T 6s. 57%
F W & D lsts tr.. 84%ITenn new set 35.. 97%
Gen Elec 5s 112 Tex Pac L G lsts..
G II & S A 6s 109 Do Reg 2ds 53 i ;
Do 2ds 110 Union Pac 4s 104%
II 4TC 5s 111% U P D & G lsts.. 90
lio con 6s 111% Wabash Ist Es ....115
lowa C lsts 107 I Do 2ds 97
La new consols 45. 109% W Shore 4s 112
L & N Uni 49 95',» Va Centuries J. 2%
Pac Con 6s 115 1 Do deferred .... 6
M X & T 2ds 67% Wls Cent lsts 67%
Do 4s 94 Colo Southern 45.. 87%
N V Central lsts.. 115%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 36 Ontario .*.. 5 75
Crown Point 1$ Ophir '.',".
Con Cal & Va.... 60 ■•lymouth 10
Dead wood 50 Quicksilver ....... 1 75
Gould & Curry 35 Do prefd 500
Hale & Norcross. 35 'ierra Nevada ... 130
Homestake 50 00 Standard 2 7.".
Iron Silver 70 1 Union Con 5S
Mexican 70i fellow Jacket .... "25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Wls Central I 1;
Call loans ...... 2%&3% Ed Elec Tel 195
Time loans 3%@4 Atchison prefd ... 61%
Stocks — Bonds—
A T & S Fe 22' i Atchlson 4s lOCi
Amer Sugar 13S'i Mining Shares- —
Do prefd 114% Atlantic 37
Bay State Gaa V% Boston & Mont. ..367
Bell Tel :....• 347 Buttt- & Boston.. 93
Boston & Albany.. 24s Calumet & Hecla.77o
Boston <*• Maine. ..lT" Centennial 59
Boston L 86%. Franklin 26%
Chi liur i Q 140 ( Old Dominion .... 41
Fitchburg 114 Osceola 93%
<;••.. Electric 116 Quincy 175
Fed Steel 57% i Tamarack 230
Mexican Cent 6 Wolverine 49
Old Colony 201 Parrott 43
Rubber 4s>% Humboldt 2%
I'nion Pac 4G% Adventure 15%
West End 94 Union Land S%
Do prefd 112 jWlnona 20
Westingh Elec ... &0 I
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK, March 4.— The Financier sayß:
The statement of the New York Clearing House
1 ynks Tor the week ending March 4 shows a
fall of $1,756,775 In surplus reserve, bringing
the total excess of cash to $24,587,125. This
Is a decrease of about $4,000,(XX> since the clos
lnK week in January. In the same time the
loans have expanded $r>4,333.0y0 and deposits
more than $.'.3,000,000. As a five weeks' record
this advance has never been equaled. Had
the interior called for funds In the usual vol
ume the present surplus reserve would have
been very much less than reported. Conditions,
however, are such that receipts until within
a week or two have been sufficient to counter
act in large part the increase in the re-- i ■
requirements. Now that the movement from
the Interior is temporarily less, the constant
loan and deposit expansion Is having Its full
effect on the surplus money on hand. Hut
when the full scope of the operations of the
past month Is considered. It is to be said fur
the banks that they are making a wonderfully
strong showing. They have met the demand
for funds fur new trusts, financed the return
of American securities for Europe, supplied an
unusually heavy stock exchange demand and
absorbed the large volume of paper Incident to
the present trade revival.
The current statement, therefore, while In
teresting in its changes, must be regarded na
reflecting a culmination of previous conditions.
The reduction of 54.251.200 In specie Is test
than the $.",000,000 decrease reported by one
bank and la due to the smaller interior receipts
and operations with the sub-treusury covering
the past ten dayx. the previous week's state
ment not having shown these losses fully. The
increase in loans Is heavier than expected, but
In this Item also more than the current week's
business Is Included. The cash decrease oper
ated to reduce deposits and the total ex pan si en
was only $4, 236.700. This is less than the in
crease of jr.. 000,000 reported by the Chase Na
tional, showing a real decrease on the part of
the remaining sixty-two banks. The financing
of new trusts had a zreat deal to do with the
deposit changes. The slight advance in rates,
which the Btatement forecasts, will probably
bring a great deal o r money to New York
within the next two weeks.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 4.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was more active to-day and
the tone was good. Americans were quiet but
firm ami above the parity. The closing was
at : k t out the best.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 93; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 81%: Union Pacific preferred, glfl;
Grand Trunk. Ji s ,; bar silver, quiet, 27 7-16 d
per ounce; money, 2 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March 4.— FLOUR— Receipts.
22.327 barrels; exports, 6830, Very 'lull and
rather weak. "Winter patents, $3 V>dH; winter
straits, $3 6S@3 65; Minnesota patents, $3 90®
4 20; winter extras, $2 50@2 85; Minnesota
bakers, $3 10@3 25; winter low grades, $2 40®
2 65,
WHEAT— Receipts; 21,600 bushels; exports,
87.431. Spot, dull; No. 2 red. 85c f. o. b. afloat
spot. Options ruled weak all the morning. Be
sides liquidation prompted by weak cables
short wheat whs put in prospective bearish
statistics for Monday and closed weak at V-c
net decline. March closed at Ss2%c; May, 70 Vi*
77t4c, closed 77c.
HOlS—S teady; State common to choice, 18%
crop, 708 c; UWJ crop, 14c; 1898 crop, 17018.
Pacific Coast, 1896 crop, 7fgßc; 1597 crop, ]l(S;i3c;
1898 crop. 181819 c.
HIDES— Finn; California. 18«4c.
Wool — Firm; fleece, 17®22c; Texas, 12®15c.
METALS— The Metal Exchange issued no re
port to-day. The brokers' price for lead is $4 10
and for copper $18.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 0 points higher. Sales. 14.500 bags, includ
ing March, $5 25; April, $5 30; May, $5 35; June,
$'. 40; July, $5 50; September, $5 65. Spot coffee-
Rio, quiet but steady; No. 7 invoice. 6»£c; No.
7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 6<§;i4c.
sriiAß- Raw linn, but not quotubly higher;
fair refined. 3 vie; centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; mo
lasses sugar, 3 11-16 c; refined, firm; mold A,
f.V ■; standard A, 4%c; confectioners' A, 4 T «c;
cut loaf, 6%c; crushed, Mjc; powdered, &%c;
granulated. Be; cubes, SV&C.
BUTTER— Receipt*. 1183 packages. Western
creamery, lfi!ii2oc; Elgins, 20c; factory, 12@14 1 / 4c.
EGCS— Receipts. 2535 packages. Steady; West
ern, 28c; Southern, 27Vi<82Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 4.— The world's shipments
of wheat and flour for the week were placed at
near 9,000,000 bushels and the predicted oold
wave which caused some apprehension yester
day had not put in an appearance by the time
business commenced. With such Juicy meat
for their morning: meal the bears felt so lusty
and strong that they knocked Vie >>ff the price
of May as soon as they got a good chance at
It. The conclusion that they evidently came to
on observing the heavy tone of wheat the for
eigners had taken this week was that the
latter did not know what they were about, as
the weekly requirements of foreign wheat by
Importing countries amounts to only 7,000,000
bushels. Reports from California thnt the
wheat crop prospects were critical on account
Of continued drought caused early sellers to
become somewhat anxious and a 'light rally
set in near the close. May closed at 72% c, a
loss of %c.
Corn receipts were considerably heavier than
expected and the dry weather led to the ex
pectation of freer offerings from the country
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. SUNDAY, MAECH 5, 1899.
In the near future. That vf&s presumably the
reason for the abandonment early in the ses
eion of a considerable-sized line of long corn.
The market felt the effect of that selling and
ruled heavy throughout. May closed %c lower.
Oats ruled weak and lower in sympathy with
wheat and corn. May lost '.iftVie.
A further decline in the price of hcga, to
gether with the weakness of the grain mar
kets, depressed provisions. The market con
tinued heavy throughout the session. Perk de
clined 12% c, lard 7%(ffloc and ribs s<g>7%c. ..-. -
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 72% 72% 72% 72%
July 71»% 71Vi . ,70v» 71%
Corn No. 2—
May 36% 36% 36% 36%
July 37 37 36% 36%
September 37% 37% 37% 87>4
Oats No. 2—
May 2S 28% 27% 28
July 26 26% 25% 2«
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 9 37% 940 930 9 32%
July 950 950 9 47% 950
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 5 40 5 40 6 35 6 37%
July ..5 50 G 62% 6 47% 560
September 5 62% . 5 65 6 60 5 60
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May ..4 77% 480 .4 75 4 77%
July 490 490 4 87% 4 87%
September ......5 00 5 00 00 6 00
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet;
winter patents, $3 70^3 80; straits, $3 40@3 60;
clears, $3 20fg3 30: spring specials, $4 20; pat
ents, i 3 40(<i3 7<J: straits, J3iS3 20; bakers, $2 3048
2 60; No. 2 spring wheat, 68<g;71c; No. 3 spring
wheat, 64@70c; No. 2 red, 73c; No. 2 corn, 35%®
S&'Vic; No. 2 oats, f. o. b. 2Sc; No. 2 white. 30»i@
31V*c: No. 3 white, 30@30%c; No. 2 rye, 57c; No.
2 barley, 42@50c; No. 1 fiaxseed. ?1 15%; prime
timothy seed, $2 40; mess pork, per barrel, $9 15
<g9 20; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 22»£@5 25; short
ribs sides (loose), $4 50«4 70; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), $4 25@4 37%; ehort clear sides
(boxed), $4 90® 5; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, }1 26; sugars, cut loq£ 5.70 c;
granulated, u.2oc.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 16.000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 79.000 11,000
Corn, bushels 454,000 228.000
Oats, bushels 265,000 316,000
Rye, bushels 12.000 3.000
Hurley, bushels 47.000 14.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 14<ij'2Oc; dairies,
Il%(<fl7c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 20c. Cheese, steady;
creams, 9%fg10%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities- ' ■ Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis V. 38,500 . .
Duluth 143,506 • - 7.806
Milwaukee 39,000 13.500
Chicago 78,750 10,771
Toledo 16,000 28,000
St Louie 27,000 14,'K10
Detroit 5,374 3,723
KanHas City 69.000 49,500
Totals 425.390 127,600
Tidewater —
' Boston 39,558
New York ; 21,600 87.431
Philadelphia 3,146 37,616
Baltimore 7,691
Galves»ton •
New Orleans 39.75S 40,000
Totals 111.783 165.047
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
•vVheat— March. May. July.
Opening 5 7Vb 5 7& 5 7V4
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— ,;:P March. May.
Opening 43 55 44 20
Closing
*\\ heut — ■"*»*•*'■■--* ; M ,'-
Opening 20 90 2115
Closing f ...••
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, March 4.— CATTLE— few cat
tle that were offered to-day found buyers at
unchanged prices.
HOGS— Were 5c lower. Fair to choice, $3 70
@3 87%; heavy packing lots, 13 50@3 67%; mixed,
$3 50<g3 75; butchers, $3 55®3 SO; light, $3 S<JU
3 70: "pies. $3®3 50.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs were unchanged.
Inferior to choice sheep. $2 50®4 60; yearlings,
$1 30@4 65; lambs, $3 M(u* 95.
Receipts— 300; hogs, 25,000; sheep, COO.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, March 4.— The Commercial Bulletin
, will say to-morrow: .
Trading has been rather quiet during the
week. Offers are being made at a little below
quotations and territories have sold on a 40
cent basis. Combing stocks are still very firm.
The sales of the week are 2,561,000 pounds do
mestic and DCO.OQO pounds foreign, a total of
3.521.000 pounds, against 3.317,500 pounds last
week and 2,306,900 pounds for the same week
last year.
The sales to date show an Increase of 1,201,900
pounds domestic and a decrease of 3,317,700
pounds foreign in the sales to the same date
In IS9B.
The receipts to date show an increase of SBIS
bales domestic and a decrease of 15,311 bales
foreign.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March 4.— Consols, 110 11-16; Sil
ver, 27 7-16 d; French Rentes, 103f sc.
' Wheat cargoes ofT coast, buyers and sellers
apart: cargoes on passage, quiet, leas disposi
tion to buy, 3d lower; cargoes No. 1 standard
California." 29s 3d.
LIVERPOOL. March 4.— Wheat steady: No.
1 standard California, 6s 7d@6s 7&d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-i6d.
' CLOSING.
WHF\T — Futures closed dull: March, 6s 7VSd;
May. 5s 7»4d: July. 5s 7V*d. Spot Wheat, stsady;
No. 1 California. 6s 7d©6s 7>4'l; No. 2 red West
ern winter, 6s l^d; No. 1 red northern spring,
CORN— Spot quiet; American mixed, new,
3s'ri'«.d- do, old. 3s Sd. Corn futures, easy;
March. 3s 6d; May 3s 5%d; July, 3s 5%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter patents,
IjOPS-^-At London— Pacific Coast, firm, £4
15s@£5 ss. i
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, March The imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at the port of
New York for tnls week were valued at $11.
--973 557. The imports of specie this week end
ing Saturday were: Gold, $20,790: silver, $27,901.
The exports of specie for the week ending
Saturday were: Gold. $172,729; silver. $996,098.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March COTTON— Quiet;
middling, 6 9-lCc.
NEW ORLEANS, March 4.— COTTON— Easy;
middling, 6c. ■'. . '-> ■
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, March To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury-shows:
Available cash balance. J267.818.595; gold re-
Berve, $234,330,571. _
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — J4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87y*
Sterling Cables ..... — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphio — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59V4
Mexican Dollars — 47%@48
v. WHEAT AND ' OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— market closed the week firm
on account of the dry weather, but prices re
mained about the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, tt 12%@1 15; milling,
$1 17> ®1 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls December—
000 ctls, $1 21%; 6000. Jl 21%.
Second Session— May— ctls, $1 IS%: 8000,
$1 IS*4; 2000, Jl 18%. December— Jl 21%;
26,000, Jl'lß%.
Regular Morning May— 2ooo ctls,
$t IS,4: 22,000, Jl 18%. December— 2ooo, Jl 21Vi;
16.000, $1 21' i. ' M " '
HA RUCY- Futures advanced 2c. Spot prices
cIM not move. v.v \'
Feed, Jl 25@1 27%: Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — Seller '99,
_6000 ctls, Jl 05Mi; 6000, $1 05%.
Second Session— Seller '99, i new— ' ctls,
$1 05%: 2000, Jl 05%; 6000, Jl 05%; 18,000, $1 06.
Regular Morning Session — Seller '99, new — 4000
ctls, $1 05%; 10,000, $105%; 2000, *1 05%; 20,000,
$1 06.
OATS— was very little going on yes
terday.
Fancy Feed, Jl 37%@1 40 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 35*1)1 37% : common, $1 32>,<,; Surprise,
Jl 45@1 W>: Gray, Jl 32>/i©l 35; Mining, »1 37H
per cti; Red, nominal; Black, nominal.
CORN — An advance in small round yellow
was the only change.
Small round Yellow, $1 27%@1 30; Eastern largi!
Yellow; Jl 10@l 12V4: White, Jl 10; mixed. Jl 07%
@1 10 per ctl; California White, Jl 12%.
RYE— sl 12%@1 15 pec ctl. • :
BUCKWHEAT— '•-■- -•
. FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
TJhere Is a fair demand for Flour at the quo
tations.
FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras. J3 85«j3 90; Oregon . and Washington,
J3Q3 65 per bbl.
' MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the • trade: Graham
Flour, J3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, J2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, J7; Cornmeal, J2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal. J3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, J4 75; Hominy, J3 25<33 50; Buck
wheat Flour, J4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. »3 76;
Farina, J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55@6 95; in sacks, J6 35®6 75;
Pearl Barley, J5; Split Peas, J4 25;- Green Peaa,
$4 50 per 10i> pounds. . . .
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged. ■'.;.;; .'-
Hay continues excessively dull. There is
hardly any outside Hay coming in now, as thfl
decline in the home product has shut it out.
An advance of $2 per ton would bring it In
again, however.
. BRAN— S2O@2O 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2I@22 50 per ton. ; „ -.
FEEDSTUFF'S — Rolled Barley. $26@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J31@31 50; Job
bing, $32@32 60; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; - Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50
@24 50; Cracked Corn. $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$19 50<H20.
CALIFORNIA HAT — Wheat, $15@16 50 for
good to choice and $13@14 50 for lower grades:
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $13@lt>;
Cat, $12<g14; Island Barley, $12@13; Alfalfa, $11
@11 50; Stock, $9@10: Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13@14: Cheat.
$ll@]l 50; Grass Hay, $10@10 B0; Oat, $12@13 50;
Clover, $10@ll; Timothy, $10 r.o<gl2 per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are quiet but firmly held at the prices.
Seeds are dull.
BEANS— $1 75@1 S5; . Small Whites,
$2 10@2 20; Large Whites, $1 80@l 90; Pinks,
$1 95@2 05; Reds. $3 25@3 35; Blackeye, $3 75@3 SO;
Butters. $2 2S@2 50; Llmas. $3 30@3 40; Pea, $2 2a
©2 60: Red Kidneys, $2 4Q@2 50 per ctl. : ■ . -
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 504J4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mnstard. $3 75@4; Flax, $2 1502 25; Ca
nary Seed, 2V (32%c. • per lb; Alfalfa, Si^rS^c;
Rape, 2»i@2%c; Hemp, 2&@3c; Timothy. s©sHc
DRIED PEAS— $1 65@1 70; Green. $2®
I 230 per ctl. •-■■■.:-';};. • ,
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There wag no particular change In anything.
j The receipts of all descriptions about balanced
| the demand. Asparagus sold rather better and
Rhubarb was weak.
Receipts were 336 boxes Asparagus, 190 boxes
Rhubarb and 80 sacks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 25@2 per doren.
POTATOES- sl@l 10 per ctl for Early Rose.
90c@$l 10 per *sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marin Burbanks, 90c@$l 10 per ctl; Oregon,
Ssc@sl 15: Sweet Potatoes, 75c for River and
$17.1 for Merced; New Potatoes.. 2®2 1 4c per lb.
ONlONS— 6oc@sl 10 per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— s@6c per lb for
No. 2, 7@9c for No. 1 and 10@llc for fancy;
Rhubarb, $I@l 75 per box ; Green Peas, 3@6c;
String Beans, 1.", c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes,
$l(fl 75 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 10@12%c per
lb; Garlic, 6<3>7e per lb; Dried Okra. 15c per lb;
Green Peppers, 25(g>35c per lb; Dried Peppers,
7@l2V4c; Carrots, 25@35c per sack.
POULTRY. AND GAME.
A car of Eastern dressed Turkeys will arriv*
to-morrow. It has been sold and will go into
cold storage. A car of Eastern live Poultry
will also go on.
Arrivals of Game continue light.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14@17c; live
Turkeys, 12Vi«rrl4c for Gobblers and 12V&@14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings. $2 23
<$2 50; Ducks. $4 50@6; Hens. $s<g>s 50; young
Roosters, $7<&8; old Roosters, $4 60©5 50: Fryers,
$6(86 50; Broilers, $5@5 f.O for large, $3 50'<i4 50
for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and $2 25@2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Geese, $2 50<a:3; White Geese,
$1 25@1 60; Brant. $1 25@1 7:.; Honkers, $3 50;
Hare, $I<S>l 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and
$1 for small.' •
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter continues to shade off and stocks are
liberal. Cheese is unchanged.
Eggs stand about the same, though there
were sales at the lowest quotation. Supplies
are not heavy, as the Eastern shipments have
cut them down.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 23@24c; sec
onds, 21©22 c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 20@21c; common
grades. 17(319e. • -'.^- ■■• ■;
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 16@17c; pickled roll,
14@16c for dairy and 16@17c for creamery
squares; creamery tub. 19c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 13'/ 2 (214c per
lb; Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll@HHc: old, 10
<&io'.,r: Cream Cheddar, 12@12'^c; Young Amer
ica. "im@l2^c; Eastern, 10@12c.
EGGS— Quoted at 13%@15c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Mexican Limes are out of market. Oranges
are in moderate supply, but quiet. Apples
show no further change.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 75c@$l 25 for common, $1 Go@l 75 per
box for No. 1 and $2 for choice.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@2 75
per box; Seedlings, 75c@$l &0; Mandarins, $1 25
01 75: Lemonn, 75c@$l 50 for common and $2@
2 60 for good to choice: Mexican Limes, ;
California Limes. 50c<@$l 25 per small box;
Grape Fruit, $I@2; Bananas, $1 2502 50 per
bunch;. Pineapples, $2@4 SO per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
The market continues dull and featureless,
sales being of a retail character. ■'.'/,-
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6V4c for 40-50's, 4*i
<(H%c for 50-60"s, 3>i@3%c for 60-70's. 2%<5'3e for
70-SO's, 2'^2i;c for 80-90's, 2@2»ic for 90-100' s
and l%@2c for 100-110" Silver Prunes, 2%@
6c. Peaches, "H®B%c for good to choice: 9@9^c
for fancy and for peeled: Apricots, 10»4«j>
13V4c for Royals and 14V£@15c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 7<SSc; sun dried, f. 'n .'. > - ;
Black Figs, sacks. 2@2V4c; ; Plums, nominal,
l@l%c for unpltted: Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4?4c for three
crown, s*ic lor four-crown. 4»^(SCc for 'Seed
less Sultanas, 3V4c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c r.er lb; Walnuts, 84j>
9c for hardshell, llij?l2c for softshell; Almonds.
7@Bc for hardshell. 13@14c for softshell. 15@17c
for paper (shell: Peanuts, 6s?7c for Eastern and
4V'" 1 for California: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10<gllc for bright and 9c for
lower grades; water white extracted, 7c: light
amber extracted, 6<S'6Hc; dark, s®sVic per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
There Is a fair demand at unchanged prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B(fi;BHc pl»r lb for
heavy, B>4@9c for light medium, 10%@llo for
light. 12c for extra light and 12<£@13c for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Cali
fornia Ham>, 10c; Mess Beef, $i:@l2 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $13 50; Family Beef, $14 50®
15; extra Prime Pork $12 50; extra clear. $17 50;
mess, $16: Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4*i@s%e per lb for
compound and 7&7% c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 7%SSr: 10-lb tins, BV4c; 5-lb tins, 87ic.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%@67ic: packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9V4c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 In a
case S'.io; 10-lb nails, 6 in a case, B%c: 50-lb
tins," 1 or 2 in a case, 7 7 ic; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, BHc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. 7%c; halt
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c. '
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The markets under this head have been quiet
for some time and quotations show no change.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under tbe quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium, 9c; light. 8@8«4c; Cow
hides, B^@9c; Stags, 6c: Salted Kip. 9c: Calf,
10c: dry. Hides, sound, 15c: Culls and Brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, 17o ;
Sheepskinß, rhearlings. 10@30c each; short
Wool, 35§r60c each: medium 70@90c; long Wool,
90c@l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75(8:2 25 for
large and $1 for small: Colts. 25#50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50@2 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%«?3>/-c per lb;
No. 2. 2%ig3c: refined, 4%@5c; Grease, 2@2^c,
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months, 7-59 C; San Joaquln and Southern. 7
months, B@9c: Foothill and Northern free, -10®
12c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 14@15c; Nevada, 10®
12c: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 @ll
Northern Mountain 6V.(gi 9
Southern 6 ® 7H
Plains 5 & 6
HOPS— IS9S crop, 10@llc per lb for ordinary,
12@12!4c for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue, firm. The other descriptions
show no change. ;-,
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— per lb. .
VEAL— Large, B@S%c; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers BV-@'Jc per lb: Ewes, 8@
B%c.
LAMB— 9%@lOo per lb for yearlings and 124
@14c for Rpring. ~ . -
PORK— Live Hogs, s'i@s%c for large, 6%@€c
for medium and 5@5%c for small; stock Hogs.
4'/s><3sc; dressed Hogs, 7@9c.
, GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, sH®>s%c for
June and July: Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quen
tln Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southneld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
{6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland. $8 50 in bulk and *3 75
in sacks; -Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $li;
Cannel, $8 GO per tonrßock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been nine arrivals of coal from
Washington with 19,478 tons; three from lirlt- j
lsh Columbia," 9218 tons; one from Oregon, 450
tons; three from Australia, 7242 tons; one from
Cardiff, 2874 -tons; total, 39,262 tons. The ar
rivals this year to date are slightly in excess
of the deliveries of .IS9S, and the generous
amount at hand this week will supply all im
mediate requirements. There is no change to
note in prices, and trade generally Is reported
good In the fuel line. The outlook for a rain
storm is now more encouraging, and the few
light showers we have had this week are
bringing buyers and sellers closer to each
other,' so that business for future loading
grows more promising. Several new names
have been added to the loading list in Aus-.
tralia, which now numbers nearly as many as
last year This is astonishing with the pres
ent high freights now ruling for coal. There
Will be a serious decline In all foreign coal j
tm rf -r l'ffNri-wiyfThTrr'iTr --nfrrniiint- fai^V-i >irti»r — **-rv -Pn — it "-rVf"t""iii r -ft • -i jlittßww ria *W
charters, if our anticipated stormy weather
should visit us.
"The Coast mines are reaping a harvest again
this year, as over SO per cent of our fueP is
furnished from those sources, and the delivery
price here leaves a generous profit. So long as
they are freed from labor troubles and acci
dents, the Northern mines are valuable prop
erty. It Is now a long time since the Coast
collieries have had any serious setbacks."
SALMON— Alaska Salmon is quoted at $l{i
1 OS i>er dozen f. o. b. on carload lots.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms net cish: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 674 c; Powdered. 6%c: Candy
Granulated, s"*c; Dry Granulated. 5%c; Con
fectioners' A. 5%c: California A. 5Hc; Magno
lia A. 5%c: Extra C. sVic; Golden C. o%c: half
barrels, Uc more than barrels, and boxes He
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday. March 4.
flour, qr <=ks 15,922 Straw, tons 10
IVheat. ctls 30.". Pelts, bdis fi2B
Barley, ctls 8,640 Hides No 200
Cheese, ctls 30 Wool, bales 40
Butter, ctls 324 Mmc, bbls lw
I'allow, ctls 224 Epgs. doz 23.370
Beans, sks 800 lauirksilver. flks. 304
Potatoes, sks ... 1,634 leather, rolls ... 102
Onions, sks 172 Lumber, feet .... 10,000
Bran, sks 1,050 Powder, car 1
Middlings, sks .. 40n,wini- gals 92 SOO
Hay, tons 236 Raisins, bxs 230
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 790 >nions, sks 50
Barley, ctls 2SS 'Mustard Seed,sk3 73
Potatoes, sks .... 4111
NEVADA.
Hay. tons 20 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were moderately active for
Saturday. Equitable Gas and Market-street
Railroad were weaker.
Mining stocks were quiet and quotations
6to:id about the same as un Friday.
Since tha hydraulic pump in the C. and C.
shaft stopped, at 11 p. m. on March 2. on ac
count of the breakage of a section of the dis
charge pipe, the water has risen to a point 35
feet t>elow the 1750 level and la still slowly ris
ing. The duplicate piece, made of gun metal,
which is to replace the broken section of pipe,
was shipped by the Risdon Iron Works Friday.
It Is expected that the pump will be repaired
and the lowering of the water resumed by
Monday morning.
The Morning Star Mining Company of lowa
Hill. Placer County, has declared another
monthly dividend at the rate of $3 per share.
The official report of operations in the Stand
ard Consolidated mine of Bodie for the we<»k
ending February 25 slates that 16 inches of fair
ore is showing In the top of raise 4 on the 150
level and 42 inches of the same quality in the
top of raise 1 on the 318 level. Raise 3 on the
818 level has 36 lnchps of ore in the top and
has been stopped temporarily. Raise 4. same
level, has 16 inches fair ore in the top. The
east crosscut, same level, shows several streaks
of low-grade quartz. The usual quantity of
fair to good ore was extracted from the stopes
on the 150, 270, 318, 470 and 552 levels. The
Btopes are looking fairly well. At the mill 374
tons of ore was crushed during the week; aver
age assay of vanner tailings, $11 f>S; tons con
centrates produced, 1 1 -.; plate amalgam pro
duced, 21S0 ounces; assay value, $3 26 per ounce.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, March 4—12 m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Equit O L Co. 9^4 9%
4s quar c0up.. 113 — Mutual El Co. 15 1 / i 15%
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 49 49%
4s quar new..125%129',i Pac Gas Imp.. S4 85
3s quar coup.. — — Pac LCo 48^ 49^4
Miscellaneous— B F G & E... 84f4 —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 114 — Kan Fran 3% —
Cal Elec 55....U'5%127Vi Stockton Gas.. — 14
C C Wat as — lOSVi I Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — iFirem's Fund. l2o —
E L & P 65.. 130%— | Bank Stocks—
F & Cl Ry 63.110 119 'Anglo-Cal .... 66% —
Geary-st R ss. — 102 IBank of Cal.. — 260
H C & S 5%5. — 105 Cal SD & T.. 98 ?8%
L. A L Co 65.. — — [First Nationl.2l9 225
Do gntd 65.. — 102 Lon P & A... 133 —
Market-st 68..127%118}41Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 68.114% — ,N>v Nat 8k..175 —
N C N G R 75. 107 — Ravings Banks—
N Ry Cal Gs-.H^ilMVilGer S & L... — 1675
X Ry Cal 55. .113 114 JHum S & L.10;"0 1160
NPC R R 65. 104% — Mutual Say.. 35 41%
N P C R R 55.101%102V4's F Say U.. 497% —
N Cal R R 55. 100 — |S & LSo — 102%
Oalt_Gas 55. ..110 — Security S B 300 350
On C Ry 65..12!> — Union T C0.. 1422%1450
I' &Cl Ry 6a. .106 106% Street Kailroails—
P & O 6s 117 [California 111% —
Powell-st 65... — 12!* 4 i;eary 45 —
Sac HI Ry ss. — — IMarket-st 64 65
SF& N P 55.111»4 — lOak S L & H. — —
SF & S JV55.114% — |Presldio 11 —
SlerraKCal ti5.1"4m05% I Powder—
S Pof Ar 65..112' i — California 162% —
SPC 6s (1905)113^4 — E Dynamite... 87% *■
S P C 6s (1906) — 11614 Giant Con Co. 60% 61%
SPC 6s (1912)122% — Vlgorlt. 2% 2%
SPCIs eg ss. 105 — Sugar" —
SPBr 6s 124 125 Hana P C 0.... 16% 16%,
S V Water 6s. — 117 |Haw C & S C. 7C% —
S V Wat^r 4s. — 104 I Hutch S P.... 33^4 ZV<,
S V W4s(3dm).lolV- J luj:. Paauhau S P. 39% 40
Btktn Gas 65.. — 105 I Miscellanpous—
Water Stocks— A 1 J'ac Assn. .llo 111
Contra Costa.. 64 66 IGer Ld Wk5...2f.0 —
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley.lo2%lol Oceanic S Co. 76
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% 1«4
Capital Gas... — — I'uc C Bor Co.loo —
Cent Gaslight. — — |far Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent L 4 P... - —
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska. Packers" Assn 110 73
DO Contra Coata Water 64 SVA
GO Contra Costa Water 64 50
150 Equitable Gus 9 50
295 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 76 50
$7000 Market St By Con 5 p.-r cent bonds.ll4 57%
90 Market Street Railway 64 00
20 Market Street Railway, s 90 64 00
215 Mutual Electric Light 15 25
116 Mutual Electric Light IS 37W
50 Paauhau S P Co 3S 25
30 Paauhau S P Co, b 10 3a 25
50 Paauhau S P Co, b 30 *. 3J 25
250 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
20 Pacific Gas Imp 84 50
1 Pacific Gas Imp 84 00
ISO Oceanic S S Co 76 00
120 S F Gas & Electric Co S4 2j
$.",000 S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1905). ..113 50
50 Spring Valley .Water 102 60
5 Spring Valley "Water, s 5 102 W .'.
15 Spring Valley Water 102 &V 2
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
$150 V 8 4 per cent bonds 114 00
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 110 00
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 76 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 50
40 Spring Valley Water 102 37^
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 21 300 Mexican 76
11)0 Best & Belcher. 52 100 Mexican 77
200 Best & Belcher. 53 100 Occidental 30
500 Bullion 06 100 Ophir 110
200 Chollar 40 2:,i>Ophlr 105
100 Con Cal & Va.l SO mo Overman 11
300 Crown Point 23 100 Sierra Nevada. 1 r.
400 Gould & Curry. 40 900 Vnion Con 64
300 Hale & Norcrs. 40 300 Utah 24
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 24] 400 Mexican 75
300 Best & Belcher. 041 700 Mexican 76
800 Bullion 061 800 Mexican 7S»
300 Chollar 41 500 Occidental 31
1800 Con Cal & V..1 75 400 Ophir 10".
600 Con Cal & V.I 77 V 4 1200 Ophir 1 10
700 Con Cal & V..1 SO 700 Savage 33
600 Crown Point .. 2t 200 Seg Belcher ... 0..
500 Gould & Curry. 30 200 Sierra Nev...l Zl<j
600 Gould & Curry. 40 500 Vnlon Con .... fil
700 Ha 1 c & Norcrs. 40i300I'nion Con 01
500 Hale & Norcrs. 3.1 300 Utah 23
SOO Justice 20 1 600 Yellow Jacket. 2S
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Saturday, March 4 — 12 m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 07 Julia , 04
Alta OS 10 Justice 18 20
Andes 20 21 Kentuck 10 12
Belcher 22 23 Lady Wash 04
Benton 05 .. Mexican 77 78
Best & Belcher 52 53 Occidental 28 29
Bullion 05 07 Ophir 105 110
Caledonia 40 Overman 10 12
Chollar 41 42 Potosl 31 32
Challenge 28 29, Savage 31 33
Confidence 82 j Scorpion 03
('. C. & Va....l 75 Iso Seg. Belcher... 04 Ofi
Uon Imperial.. <U 02 Sierra Nevada. l 35 140
Crown Point... 22 23 Silver Hill 05
Con. N V 04 Syndicate 08
Eureka Con... 40 ...Standard 2753 00
Exchequer 03 1 Union 63 64
Gould & Curry 40 41 Utah 23 24
Hale & Norc. 39 40 Yellow Jacket. 28 29
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Upha
Llta
Vndes •
Jelcher
Jest & Belcher
bullion .- j
;aledonla
;hallenge
'hollar •••••
,'on Cal & Va
,'onfldence
'rown Point
Jould & Curry..:
lale & Norcross
rustlce
ilexican
iphlr
)verman
)ccldental
'otosl ■;
iavajfe ...;...»
standard
Sierra ' Nevada
Name of Stock.
M. T. IW. T. | F. | S.
07 08 07 06
11 12 10 09 OS 08
■IS 22 24 23 21 21
23 28 25 24 23 22
57 65 62 Gi 54 53
07 07 07 '07' OK 16
3') 4 1 .;.. 37 ;.
28 .36 31 32 . 30 28
39 1 So| 4» 47 41 41
1 85 2 53 2 20 2 10 1 90 1 80
75 87 86 S2 80 ....
ZZ 331 -.' ; -3 .. 23j 23
43 52 47 '44 41 40
40 48! 44 , 44 41 40
23 25! 22 i 21 18 18
70 90 87 SO 75! 77
1 10 1 35 I 23 1 15 1 10 1 10
13 j 1C 14 12 12 11
28 32 31 30 29 i 30
29 38 33 35 31 30
32 39 34 33 32 31
3 06 3 20 12 75
1 40 1 60 1 55 1 50 1 40 1 35
58 74 67 65 63 64
25 2S 27 27 25 24
33 40 34 30 30 2S
Jnion
'tah
'ellow Jacket
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
B. E. Sehmitz to Julia A, Schmltz, lot on W
line of Fillmore street, 25 S of Green, S 25 by
\haHou"'Glein to Elizabeth Walton, lot on
NW corner of Waller and Fillmore streets, \V
Laurence Masterson to Joseph A. Masterson,
lot on S line of Sutter street, 100 W o£ Baker.
and George W. Hendry and Charles
J. Hendry & Co. to Jessie V. Leek lot on N
line of Fell street, 181:3 W of Ashbury, W 2o
by N 137:6; $10. • ' •
Wolf-Wreden Company to Wreden-Koplmoos
Company, lot on N line of McAllister street,
331:6 W of Parker avenue, W 25 by N BS:9, ISE
25, S 89:8; $10.
* Purceil Rowe to Sarah E. Rowe, lot on E line
of Clayton street, 136 S of Frederick, S 30 by
E 101:3; gift. , „
Spencer M. Kase to Hattle Kase, lot on N
line of Thirtieth street, 230 E of Noe, E 25 by
N 114; $10. •
Thomas Clarke to Frank H. Vorwerk, lot on
W line of Clara avenue, 196 N of Eighteenth
street, N 2S by W 136; $10. . i=< :
Amanda A. Wheeler to Charles E. Wheeler,
undivided half of lot on W line of Front street.
111 N of Clay, W 107:6, S 19:4, W 30. N 45:10.
E 137:6. S 26:6, and party wall on the south; $o.
Charles Wheeler to same, undivided half of
same; $5.
Joseph and Jeanne Equi to Pedro Costa, lot
on E line of Dupont street, 117:6 S of Filbert,
S 20, E 137:6. N 19:3, W 77:6, N 0:9, W 60: $10.
Lillie yon Karon to Franz Braver. lot on S
line of Bay street, 137:6 E of Stockton, E 45:10
by S 88:9; $5.
John and Catherine McGrath to Christian
Froelich, lot on NW line of Howard street, 123
S\V of First. SW 2r. by NW 85; $10.
Etta M. and Raleish P. Hooe to Solomon
Getz. lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue. 200
S of T. street, S 16:3, S S7 deg. 15 mm. \Y
240:3, N 13:< E 240; $10.
Sol J. and Bertha Levy to Rufus L. Rlgdon,
lot on E line of Thirty-seventh avenue, 17j S
of C street, S 31:3 by E 120; $10.
Jonrs. Allen & Co. to Fred Lewis, lot on S
line of P street, 107:6 E of Forty-eighth avenue.
E CO by S 100; lot on E line of Forty-eighth
I avenue, -575 S of P street, S 25 by E 120; SlO.
j Morris Lachman to Louis Polafsky, lot 20.
I block 37, Sunnyside; $10.
Benjamin Gilbert to William F. Sawyer, lot
on NE corner of Tenth avenue South and M
street South, N 95 by E 30, lot 94, block 185.
C. P. Homestead Association; $10.
Bridget F. Arnett to James Arnett. lot on N
line of Preclta avenue. 75 W of dividing: line
between Potrero Viejo lots 96 and 97, W 25 by
N 100. Potrero Viejo lands; $10.
Same to George Arnett, lot on N line of Pre
cita avenue, on dividing line- of Potrero Viejo
lots 97 and 98, NE 05, N 81, S 98:6, Potrero
Viejo lands; $10.
Alameda County.
Alexander Mcßean to P. McG. Mcßean, lot
on W line of Broadway, 137:6 S of Durant
street, S 37:5. W 181:5%, N 3S:10, E 191:7 ! 2 , to
I beginning. Oakland; $5.
j John and Catherine Garvin to "WilheUn T.
1 Sagehorn, lot on E line of Castro street. 12."j N
I of Seventh. E 75 by N 25, block 72, Oakland;
I $2000.
Alexander Meßean to P. McG. Mcßean. B.OS
acres, beginning at a point in center line of
Pleasant Valley avenue, 215:3 S from point of
intersection of said center line Pleasant Valley
avenue with NE line of plat 23, Rancho V. and
j U. Peralta, thence SW 800. SE 725.31, NE 274.13.
to -N'K line of plat 23. thence N\V 591.30, NW
I 315.26, to beginning, being lots 12. 13 alid N
portion lot 14, Pleasant Valley Tract, Oak
land; $1.
Frederick A. Dodge to Ralph D. and Ned B.
Child, lot 3. Turnbull Tract, being a subdi
vision portion lot 7, Yoakum Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
A. E. Shaw to Elmhurst Land Company (a
corporation), undivided 54 Interest In follow
ing: Lots 7, 9, 10, 13, 14, 21 to 28. 31, 32. 85, 47,
48. 49. 50, 54, 55, 58 to 60, 63. 73 to 79, 81, '.'4. 95
| and <J6, all on Map of Elmhurst Park. Brooklyn
Township; also undivided % Interest in lots 1,
10, 11. 13. 17. 78, 84 to 89, 93 to 98, 105. 109 to 117.
121 to 12:t. all In Elmhurst Park No. 2, Brook
lyn Township; $500.
Harriett Stewart to Antoine M. Stewart, lot
on SW corner of Bay View avenue and Cherry
street. W 100 by S 141, being lots 12 and 13,
block 14, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township;
gift.
John P. and Charles P. Scully (executors of
the estate of Thomas Scully) to Bank of llol
lister, lot on S line of Central avenue. 120
W of Ninth street. W 22 by S 135, being lot 22.
block 18 Oak Shade Tract: also property in
San Benito County, Alameda: $30,685.
Bank of Hollister to Thomas M.. John P. and
Charles P.- Scully, same. Alameda; $29,685.
Jacob Salom to Dora Mosbacher (wife of
Emanuel), lot 10, block D, map of Oakland
Vie* Homestead Association. Oakland; $10.
Huharl Surphlis to Hannah Surphlis. the S
12 feet of lot C and all of lot D, resubdi vision
of lots 7, 8 and 9, subdivision 36, map No. 3 of
Glen Echo Tract, Oakland Annex; gift.
T. B. Draper to Mary Dewing, same, Brook
lyn Township: $10.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, MARCH 5.
Sun* rises ......,.,...*., G:34
Sun sets 6:OS
Moon rises 1:39 a. in.
p
• ]
6 ...
• ...
i
4:441 6.6 12:14
6:54 6.7 1:15
LW H W
1:00 2.9 7:05
2:05 2.6 8:11
3:00 2.0! »:11
3:.-il! 1.51 10:06
4:41 10 11:00
rt.
Time Time
Ft. — Ft. Ft.
HW L W
O.Oi 7:34 4.2 11:49 S.I
— 0.31 8:30 4.4
L W H V.'
6. 51 2:10—0.4 9:15 4.S
6.0 2:59!—0.4| 9:54 5.2
6.0 3:44 —0.3 n ; 30 5.4
6.0 4:2« i 0.01 11:0:. s.fi
j 5.8 5:07! 0.3| 11:401 5.7
7... J
8 ...
<» ...
10 ...
11 ...
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the lfft
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
t'nlted States Coast survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic j
Office, located at the Merchants' Exchange, Is ;
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of i
mariners, without regard to nationality and j
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the j
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand J
for comparison and reference, and the latest i
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at \
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re- j
ceived each day from the I'nlted States Naval j
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers the following- ilay.
W. P. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, V. S. N.. in charge.
TXMH BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S.- N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 4, 1599.
The time bail on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at noon of the 12Cth meridian, c r at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich m<>nn iim»
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, IT. S. N., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Aloha Point Arena Mar. 5
A. Blanchard.. Coos nay [Mar. S
Corona ISan Pieso lM«r. ■"•
Wpoott !Coos Pay |Mar. ."
Arcata ]C*oos Bar IMar. ">
Empire ICoos Bay iMar. 5
Mackinaw 'Tacoma |Mar. fi
State of Cal....lPortland IMar. «
Propreso iSeattle 'Mar. 6
Siam 'Xnnalran jM.ir. 6
E. Thompson... iSeattle [Mar. 7
Leelanaw ISeattle IMar. 7
Alliance lOrepon Ports .Mar. 7
Orizaba iNewport IMar. 7
Hongk'ngMarulChina nnd Japan 'Mar. 7
Pomona JHumboldt IMar. S
North Fork (Humboldt jMar. 8
Alameda ISydney iMar. S
Walla "W alia... I Victoria & Pujret Sound'M^r. «
Bristol ! Departure Bay IMar. S
Mineola ITacoma 'Mar. S
Willamette ISeattle IMar. S
Chllk.it IHumboldt [Mar. g
Coquille River. iTUlamook Bay M.-ir. 9
Point Arena |Point Arena Mar. S
Santa Rosa ISan Dief?o " IMar. 9
Welllngrton IDeparture Bay IMar. 10
Ijuella ICrescent City IMar. 10
Coos Bay INewport Mar 11
Crescent City... lCrepcent City Mar.lt
Columbia [Portland Mar. 11
Vmatilla IVlctoria & Puget Sounfl'Mar'. 13
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Pomona ... Humboldt Mar. S, 2 pmtPier 9
C. Nelson.. lPutret Sound.. Mar. 5, 10 am! Pier 2
Coos Bay... I Newport IMar. 5. 9 amlPler 11
Ohilkat .... Humboldt Mar. 5, 2 pm'Pler 13
A. Blanch'diCcos Bay Mar. 6. 5 pmipier 13
Newport ..[Alaska Mar. 6.12 mlCenter
Queen Vie & Pet Sd. Mar. 7. 10 ami Pier 9
Corona San Diego Mar. 7. 11 amlPier U
Arcata Coos Bay !Mar. 7. 10 amlPler 13
Weeott — [Yaquina Bay. ! Mar. 7, 10 amlPier 13
Australia ..[Honolulu Mar. 8, 2 pm!Pier 7
Aloha I Point Arena.. Mar. 8, 3 pmjPier 2
State of CaliPortland (Mar. 9. 10 am Pier 24
Orizaba .... ! Newport IMar. 9. 9 am Pier 11
Gaelic Chlna&JapanlMar. 9, 1 pmiPMSS
Curacoa ..JMexico !Mar. 9, lOamlPlerll
Santa RosaiSan Diego |Mar. 11. 11 amlPier 11
Pt. Arena. .iPolnt Arena.. IMar. 11. 3 pm I Pier 2
Walla WaJliVic & Pgt Sd.iMar. 12. 10 amPler 9
Columbia ..1 Portland IMar. 14, 10 am .Pier 24
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
. ARRIVED.
"■-'•;'• /;: Saturday, March 4.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 14 hours from Bowen*
Landing. - CLEARED. :
Saturday, ■ March 4.
Stmr Velencla. Lane, Manila, via ■ Honolulu ;
U G r° V pomo e ni: Parsons. Eureka; Gooda.l.
P | r k rnr S ct,s C °Bay. Shea. San Pedro: GoodaU.
P Bark S Alden Beese. Potter, Honolulu ; J r>
p! Brf ke .T 9 P S&Sg. Christiansen. Honolulu
and Mahukona; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
sailed. -.:: .
Saturday. March 4.
Stmr Washtenaw. Crosscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Columbia. Green. Astoria.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett, Ventura.
Bktn Mornlnc Star, Bray, Mlcronasla. via
Bktn" Irmgard. Schmidt. Honolulu. _
Schr Mary Dodge. Hansen, Hana, via tt.a
-hUIUi '- SPOKEN.
Jan 16. lat 25 S, long 23 W-Br ship Water-
I°De1 °Dec l^o! :e ia? C 533 2 sV lons W— bark Invers
naid, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT Arrived March 4 — Stmr
S6uth Coast, from Eureka.
Sailed March 4— Schr Wawona. for Fort
Blakeley: schr Lottie Carson, for Eureka.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived March 4— Stmr Noyo.
hence March 3. •"• .^
NEAH BAY-»Passed March Stmr ±TO
greeo. from Seattle, for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed March 4— Schr Eric,
for Tientsin: bktn Echo, for Kaichow.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 3— Bktn
Klikit.it. from Honolulu, for Port Ludlow; Br
ship Scottish Hills, hence Feb 21.
In port, bound out, March 3— Bark Hesper.
from Port Ludlow, for Kaichow; schr VV F
Jewett. from Port Gamble, for Honolulu.
SEA.TTLE— Arrived March 4— Stmr Dlrigo,
from Dyea: stmr Al-Ki. from Dyea.
Sailed March 4— Stmr Willamette, for San
Francisco ■ ' _ ' _
CLALLAM BAT— Sailed March 4— Bark Cory
phene. for San Francisco: shiD Oriental, for
San Francisco; bktn Amelia, for Honolulu.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— March 3— Stmr Finance,
for Colon; U S Btmr Relief, for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS. !
CAPE TOWN— Arrived March Ship Kenne
bec, from Moodyville.
SHANGHAI— prior March 4— ltalian
bark Cavour, from Port Blakeley. . >
MANlLA— Arrived March 3— Stmr Senator,
hence Feb 1 .
GUAYMAS— Feb Schr Beulah, fm
Columbia River. :/ ■■■• '. :■•
FRKEMANTLE— prior March 3—
Bark Empire, from Vencouver.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed March 3— Br ship
Tohn Cooke, for Limerick: Br ship Cambrian
Hills, for Cardiff; Br ship Dunboyne, for Ham-
b NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Jan Bktn
Chas F Crocker, for Honolulu. Feb 23— Br bark
Adderley. for Honolulu.
WELLINGTON. N Z— Sailed March 2—
stmr Warrlmoo. for Vancouver.
OGTJSAS TBAVEL.
HAWAII 7
Next Party Leaves
San Francisco,
Wednesday, March 8.
Cost of Membership, ) tf»|Cfr|
All Expenses' lncluded $ -tJJ IUUt
All Arrangements Strictly First-Class.
Japan Tour, March 25
Programmes Free.
THOS. COOK & SON,
621 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
1^ Steamers leave Broadway
»^-. wharf. San Francisco:
Illl^^^ For Alaskan _ports,^lo a. m.,
EaTiKsftixl change at Seattle.
Mn«l For Vlctori*, Vancouver (B.
HCm^BI c), Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^Dl Taconia, Everett, Anacortes
■^•aSSI an( j New Whateom (Wash.).
10 Tn., Mar. 2, T, 12. 17. -2,
o- \™ 1 nnd every fifth day thereafter:
thereafter. Monterey, San Simeon.
For Santa rt Cru / arf ord (San Luis Obispo);
Cayucos, Port Harrow Ventura. Hueneme.
Gaviota Santa iwri n! LJ^ (Los A^s) »nd
Pan Pedro, Eafet San Fearn iv b
cV For ffiSafe BSS2S. Bay. San Jose del
Ca F bo' Mazatlan. Altata La Paz r Santa Rosana
and Guavmas «Mpx.). 10 a. m.. Mar. *. Apr. o.
i For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to ' Change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
a iIOKBT SrriOE-l New Montgomery
St GOOP^LL: C PEHKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
uuu l alu iq Market st,, san Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMSRS TO
PORTLAND
From SDear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC *12 First Class Including Berth*
rAnt S8 Second Class «nd Meals.
Columbia sails Feb. 12, 22: March 4. 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7. 17. IT.
M Short 'line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East..
EC. WARD. General Apent.
630 Market street.
OOODALU PERKINS & Cg^.^,.,.
Superintendent.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
'. (French Llno>
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS r^rrM
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <Tjs2^
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, >,ortn «^RH«^
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE arch U
LA BRETAGNE arc !} 18
LA TOirRAIN Ma rch ,, 2 V
LA NORMANDIE April 1
LA CHAMPAGNE V April 8
First class to Havre. $65 and upward, 5 per
rent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Rowling Green. New York.
J. F FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents.
5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIB,[
From New York Kvery Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul February tttSt. Paul Maroh II
' St Louis . March I* St. Louts March 21
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp,
From New York Every Wednesday, IS noon.
Kensington.. ..Feb'y Southwark March I
! Noordland Feb'y 3i\ Westernland. .March IS
Frle6land March 1 Kensington — March a
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
. Bage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
80 Montgomery st.. • -ny of Its agencies
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
j ,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe. (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
; of sailing.
! HONGKONG MARU Friday. March 11
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 13
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May «
Round-trlz> tickets at , reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
fansssfLisiel a s. Australia
ifeHnßL saUs for Honolulu
trmiHf Wednesday, March 8.
■ - J— -^ at 2p. m.
G>±S^V\ The S. s Alameda
>JP3flKninr) sails via Honolulu and
GMCdllljlliy^ Auckland for Sydney
(fin\P\7u)U— Wednesday. March 22,
VyiipQlCfep at 10 P m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
] Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Sues.
! England, etc.; $610 first class.
I J. D. SPRF.CKELS BROS. CO , 114 Montgomery Street
Freight, 327 Market St., San Francisco
BAY AND RIVER STjeAyJEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
- Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a,
m., 5:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. in.
Landing and office, Miasion-st. Dock, Pier No.
t. Telephone. Main 1508.
FARE .. u n .....MaBOYS AND GIRLS PAGE
OU will know that
the Lady of the
Black Robe, escap
ing by magic from
the Three Kingdoms
of Zybokar, has
tened to the aid of
Alfred and Arthur.
Tou will know also
that Egbert, who
now wore the crown
and name of King
Kahtola, ruled with
out betraying that
he was Egbert,
which was very
easy to do while he
kept Atoll In a dungeon, away from
the sons of Atrld, the black dwarfs.
We will leave Egbert for the present
and tell what happened to Alfred, who
tvas deep under ground.
Three good giants lived in the desert
of Abo-Kinnaar. To them came the
Lady of the Black Robe, disguised as a
rabbit. When they saw what they
supposed to be a rabbit they all tried
to catch it. The rabbit burrowed in
the sand and, dig as fast as ever they
r-ould, the rabbit went down a little
faster than the giants could go.
"Hello: What is this?" said one of
the giants.
No wonder that he was surprised, for
proping under ground he found Alfred
:netead of the rabbit and dragged him
>ut to the daylight.
"Good day, line giants," said Alfred,
"and thank you very much."
"Who are you?"
"Alfred, son of the good King."
"But how came you here?"
Alfred told hie story, to which the
three giants listened with much inter
est.
"I am the champion of the Lady of
the Black Robe," said Alfred. "Help
me to find the kingdom of Atreus, the
brother of King Kahtola, and I will
reward you well."
"What say you, brothers? Shall we
go?"
"Aye," said the three giants, "we will
do what we can to foil the wicked Atoll
and to help the son of the good King."
"The rabbit — what of that?" asked
the giants.
"I cannot tell you; but here are
three little bits of fur. Fasten them to
your caps and they will do you good."
"A charm," laughed the three
giants. "We need little of charms, for
who shall stand against our strength?"
Alfred then told them of the croco
diles and of the Lady of the Black
Robe.
There was a mighty spider In a cave
In the desert, who spun webs like a
cable for strength and who was wise
before all things that live in the des
ert. To this cave the giants are come
with Alfred, and the spider says:
"Al;iek-a-day— you ask me -the way
to the Three Kingdoms of Zykobar. If
I tell you that will mean death for
me."
'"It will mean death to you now," said
Alfred, hotly, at the same time draw
ing his sword, "if you do not tell us.
We will not be trifled with. Speak."
With a quick movement, so quick
that neither Alfred nor the giants
ONLY 5 years old, and yet she has
been eight times around Cape
Horn, has crossed the equator
sixteen times, visited half the
ports in America, sailed into
many of the ports of the old world,
played hide and seek in the Orient and
knows the southern seas almost as well
as an inland trader.
This little traveler is a native daugh
ter of the Golden. West. Her name is
Gladys Margaret Graham, and she re
turned to her birthplace after an ab
sence of two years on the brand new
American phip Erskine M. Phelps re
cently. Gladys is as bright and as
beautiful a little maiden as ever trod
a ship's deck, and a thorough sailor
lassie. She knows all about the spank
er boom, can box the compass and tell
the difference between the topsail and
pkysail yards. In an instant she can
hi that the ship William F. Bab
cock, on which she was born in San
Francisco Bay, had fore, main and miz
zen masts.
Gladys' father Is the commodore of
the Bewail fleet of ships. He worked
his way up in the employ and now
commands the first American sailing
ve s feel built of American steel in an
ican shipyard, the Erskine M.
Phelps. He was here two years ago in
command of the ship William F. Bab
cock, but left her when she arrived at
Baltimore in order to superintend the
fitting out of his new command, ffifl
wife and little daughter have accompa
nied him in all his voyages, and that
is how it comes that Gladys has been
eight times around the rape of storms.
She has been in New York, Philadel
phia, Boston, Baltimore, San Francisco,
Tan -a Seattle, Port Townsend in the
States Victoria and Vancouver
In British Columbia; Hiogo, Nagasaki
and Yokohama in Japan; Hongkong
and Shanghai in China, Newcastle and
Sydney in Australia, Honolulu, London
and Liverpool and a dozen other places.
Yet like many another child of the sea,
the port she likes best is the one she is
bound for.
"When we are at sea I have lots of
fun," said Gladys. "If it is fine weath
er I play around the deck, and when it
is very rough I play in the cabin. When
the ship is rolling it's great fun to slide
along the floor. The sitting room floor
is beautifully polished and It makes a
fine slide, and the Erskine M. Phelps
rolls just right to make it nice. I sit
down <">n the starboard side, ajid when
she rolls to port down you go. Then
you have just time to turn around and
eet ready, when over you go to star
board again. Mamma doesn't like It
SOCIETY EVENT IN BOOKLAND.
By ALLIE AKIN, SAN FRANCISCO.
ALL was excitement "In old Ouinn
basset," for this was the evening
or the reception given by Hllde-
Oraham. or as *hewaa
more generally known, "Queen
Hildegarde." in honor of the
4 , h uv Twins" distant cousins of
To b4 hon.Ht, the twins were not the
only and most important attraction,
for there was to be a -really and truly
Prince present; now the boys tried to
throw cold water on their enthusiasm
by saying he was only a pretender, to
which the girls retorted that they
didn't care if he was, that he was too
perfectly lovely for anything! So
Uxere. "Alice Deane," who had won
could escape, the gTeat spider threw a
web around them.
"Ha, ha," laughed the spider, as the
four struggled helplessly, and without
strength to break a single mesh of the
powerful web, "brave talk is cheap.
Stay you there awhile until I am ready
for my breakfast."
Alfred saw that he had made a dread
ful mistake, but he did not waste any
time grieving. "The fur," he whis
pered to the giants when the ugly
spider had gone to sleep.
The giants handod the fur to Alfred,
who rubbed the three pieces together.
To the surprise of all, the fur became
one piece. Not only that, but there
was suddenly a rabbit in the fur. The
rabbit, having wonderfully sharp teeth,
could, little by little, gnaw the webs
apart that the giants were not able to
break when the meshes of web were
all a source of strength to the web.
Quietly but rapidly the rabbit worked:
When one rope of the web was gnawed
through all fell apart and Alfred and
the giants were free once more. The
spider awoke, but too late to catch the
four friends, who thought best not to
deal with the spider any more.
Alfred carried away a long rope taken
from the spider's web. As Alfred and
the giants journeyed the sky was dark
ened by a huge flock of birds which
were traveling toward the mountains
that form the eastern boundary of an
unknown land. These birds were larger
and more powerful than any eagles.
STORY OF" A CHILD MARINER.
BY JOSEPH T. MANNA.
very much, because It makes your
clothes in an awful muss.
"And, oh! I've got to tell you some
thing. Santa Claus came to our ship
when we were at sea. Wasn't he good?
He must have worked awful hard in
order to come away off shore and see
us. He brought me two dolls and a doll
LITTLE GLADYS GRAHAM PLAYING WITH HER DOLLS IN MIDOCEAN.
buggy and some dishes and lots of nice
things, but, oh dear, it is such a nuis
ance; they are visiting on another ship
dered at everything from infancy and
was known as "Alice in Wonderland."
took this occasion to wonder what eirl
he'd ask to go with him. What a hub
bub it caused, for they hadn't thought
of that before. No two could decide
on the fortunate one, for every one had
a different opinion.
The "Doctor's Daughter," true Yan
kee that she was, "guessed" that he
would take Betty Alden, for hadn't her
folks come over on the Mayflower and
wasn't that as good as having a title?
While those who were from the
Southern States "reckoned" that there
wasn't anybody could be compared to
their "Lady Jane." So the war of
tongues wagged on till now the event
ful evening had arrived and you may
be sure that Instead of It being fash
ionable to be late It was Just the op
posite.
Although every one had "Grea* S*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
THE LADY
OF THE BLACK ROBE
They were Rocs — such as you have read
about in the "Arabian Nights." The
giants warned Alfred to hasten to bury
himself in the sand before the birds
should decide to prey upon him. Alas!
Alfred was about to be torn from his
brave and strong comrades. The giants
and Alfred hid themselves and heaped
the sand above them.
. "Brother Rocs," said the leader of the
fiock, "I smell the rope of the great
spider of the desert. Let us search, for
if we find it we need hunt no more, for
the rope has power to snare even a
lion and to hold him fast. Good luck, I
can see from this height that the rope
is below me, shining in the sand."
just npw.
"One day when Gladys Amelia Bailey
and Susan Anthony Brown — these are
my dolls, you know— and I were playing
about thedeck we saw a bark ahead of
us. Our ship soon passed her, and my
papa told me the other vessel was the
bark Temuco, from Chile for Puget
Sound. I think there must be a little
girl aboard that vessel that Santa Claus
did not get to sea, for after we passed
pectations" of it being a swell affair.
"Hildegarde's Home," that quaint old
Downward from his dizzy height in
the air swooped the Roc. The rope
had been fastened by Alfred about his
waist that he might not lose It. In his
haste to cover himself with the sand
Alfred had failed to pull all of the rope
in out of sight. Without a warning,
and just as he was thinking that he had
escaped from the awful Rocs, he felt
himself whirled through the air at such
a speed that he could hardly catch his
breath.
The rope unwound, and Alfred hung
dangling in the air, swinging to and fro,
like an enormous pendulum, far above
the earth. He would not call out to the
giants for fear that he would betray
the Temuco a big sea broke aboard our
ship and washed Gladys Amelia Bailey
and Susan Anthony Brown and my doll
buggy overboard. They were carried
right down to that bark and were taken
aboard, I'm sure. Now my papa is go
ing to watch for the arrival of the Te
muco at Victoria, and as soon as she
makes port he is going to write to the
captain and ask him to send me back
my dolls. And we're going to have a
tea party Just as soon as they arrive.
"I'm going around the Horn again
with papa and mamma. From San
Francisco we are going to Honolulu. I
like Honolulu, but I don't like the mos
quitoes. From Honolulu we will go to
New York with a load of sugar, so we
will have to double the cape again.
"Have you ever seen Mother Carey's
chickens and the albatross and the fly
ing- fish and the sharks? I like Mother
Carey's chickens best. They are so pret
ty aid they fly so fast. They get right
under the crest of the big waves, and
just as you would make sure they
would be drowned they give a dart, and
there they are right under another
wave. And the flying fish are real fish,
and their wings are what papa calls
'elongated fins.' They can't fly very
far, and only jump out of the water to
escape big fish that are chasing them.
"I hope we will make a long stay in
Ban Francisco, as I like it better than
any place in the world. Perhaps when
we get back to New York the ship will
be sent here again, and I think that
would be just splendid. By that time I
will be 6 years old, and mamma says I
will then have to stay ashore with
grandma and go to school. And I don't
want to go to school. I want to live on
the sea and be a sailor, like papa.'
"House of the Seven Gables." must
have caused a pleasant surprise, judg
ing from the exclamations of ohs and
ahs from the girls and "rather neat."
"not bad," from the boys. And truly,
it seemed as though Monte Cristo had
lent the magic of his fingers in trans
forming the usual staid dignified house
into a perfect bower of fragrant love
liness. Flowers were everywhere, in
the parlors, the library, dining-room,
in the halls, while the wide stairs in
the hall "looked like one large rose in
bloom."
"Hildegarde's Neighbors," "The
Grayaons," were the first to arrive, and
after them came the other guests in
quick succession: "Lord Fauntleroy"
(in black velvet and curls) and "Dotty-
Dimple," "Peck's Bad Boy" and that
good little girl. "Elsie Dinsmore."
THE NAMES OF TEN SAN FRANCISCO STREETS AS PICTURED TO PUZZLE YOU.
BY BRONSTRUP - .
them to the Rocs. The giants, for their
part, were surprised when, some time
later, they came out from under their
piles of sand to find that Alfred was
missing. As there were no footprints
in the sand to show that Alfred had
run away, the giants concluded after a
little that the whole affair was one of
magic. Then they returned to their
desert home. Alfred, far above the
earth, dizzy and in great danger, was
left alone to do the best he could with
out their aid.
At night the Rocb paused to sleep.
Alfred's weight at the end of the rope
had been so little for the strength of the
Roc to bear that the great bird had not
paid any attention to it. When the
flocks of birds settled at the edge of a
great forest Alfred was seen. He cut
the rope with his sword, which he was
able to do now that his arms were free,
although he could not free himself when
he had been in the web with both his
arms bound fast Next he tried to run
away to hide, but a Roc seized him and
held him fast for the other Rocs to see.
This would have been the end of Alfred
If he had not had a sudden wise
thought.
"Wonderful and wlso Rocs," said he.
in a tone of flattery, "behold a mighty
magician, who will be your friend if
you will let him. I have taken from
the great spider of the desert, as you
see, a rope, which shows my strength
to be great. If I had not magic power
could I do that? When you stopped fly
ing you saw me break the rope, which
no one of you can do. I was then has
tening to perfect a charm for your good
TO A LITTLE GIRL FRIEND.
BY CHfIRLES ELMER UPTON.
JT- ONELY gleams the firelight. Come, aear mue g;rr v -
fj y With the potent tove-wanrf, such as angels know.
Build again the castles that have fallen low.
Cfasp thy arms about me. let each dainty cur! >'
Be a claim that binds thee nearer to my heart \
Childhood's hour is passing, soon we two must part:
Would you believe It? It seems as
though "Polly Oliver's Problem" had
been solved by spending "A Summer in
a Canyon," for she came in smiling
with "David Copperfleld." Then "Jack
and Jill" talking of that candypull
which we all know never came off.
"Dame Durden" and "Martin Chuzzle
wit" were followed by that "Old Fash
ion Girl," "Hope Benham," who was
with "John Halifax." Next "Donald
and Dorothy" came tripping in, happy
that they were brother and sister after
so many cruel doubts.
"Gypsy Breyton" came with the
"eight cousins," "Tom Sawyer" and
"Huckleberry Finn," the "Six Boys
from Ingleslde," "Ragged Dick,"
"Rough and Beady," "Mark the Match
Boy," "Tattered Tom," "Julius, the
Street Boy" and "Bob Burton," the
"Seven Little Sisters," "Five Little
Peppers" and all the rest of the young
people. All this time every one was on
the lookout for the Prince. Suddenly
the band struck up and in came "Bon
nie Prince Charlie," and leaning on his
arm, not "Betty Alden" of Pilgrim de
scent or "Lady Jane" of Dixie land, but
"Ramona," that beautiful Californian.
She was simply attired in a gown of
white, with a cluster of golden eschsch
oltzias at her bosom, while two half
opened ones nestled in her raven hair.
"I'd like to have 'Ben Hur,' " said
Gypsy, later in the evening, to 'Huck
Finn,' which remark almost made that
democratic gentleman drop his plate of
ice cream in disgust. Then he told her
of his experience with the Dauphin and
Duke, and converted her to the belief
that the nobility were a "rotten lot,"
while in the library a number of the
when one oz . our numuer suuyycu liltT .
The rope will be yours if you will let
me finish my work. But I cannot end up
my work here now, as you have broken
the charm
"l am in search of the Three King
doms of Zybokar. There must I now
go. The distance is far. Help me to
get there and I will reward you. But
should you refuse to help me, beware
of my vengeance."
This speech so moved the Rocs that
the leader of the flock agreed to carry
Alfred to the' Three Kingdoms.
'"Only one may go with me," said Al
fred, wisely. ;
He thought that he would find a way
to deal with one Roc, even the largest
and the fiercest of. the flock, but knew
that he would be betrayed to the ven
geance of the Black Dwarfs by the
presence of a great flock of Rocs, who
would not fail to inquire into the reason
for the appearance of so many strange
birds in their land. He also feared that
he never could escape from so many
Rocs if he did not get away now.
Still hanging by his spider web rope,
but now sitting easily in a swing, Alfred
was carried away the next morning by
the Roc.
"There," said the Roc, looking down,
"are the Three Kingdoms of Zybokar."
"Then we will go down."
The Roc flew down to a farm, where
a black dwarf was plowing.
"This is the very place," said Alfred,
"for me to perfect my charm. Let me
go to that spring of running water,
TIME, the cruel wizard, will steyNny/glidine' teetjrj
At the fateful crossing where rife's highways rheeL
Promise me. oh, darling!?— whisper |ow, my dear. • Sj
That the precious secret only I may hear—
When eternal splendor gilds -this earthly shore
girls were discussing "Ramona," call
ing her one of "those" girls from the
wild and woolly West. A number of the
young men were in the hall listening
to "Roger Granger" tell of the beauties
of the land of "sunshine, fruit and flow
ers." It made such an impression on
them that I expect to meet them any
day in this city by the Golden Gate, or
hear of them in the South— the land of
CLEVER SCHEME OF LITTLE DON.
BY ELSA HUGG, SAN FRANCISCO.
AFTER little Don had tasted Mrs.
Baker's apple butter he made a
point of going across the street
to see her every afternoon. Each
time he was treated to a saucer
ful of the dainty and some fine light
bread. This was because Mrs. Baker
loved children and knew what was good
for them.
One day he appeared a little later
than usual, and found Mrs. Baker in
the dining room, dressed to go- out.
"\h Don, you are the very one I have
been wanting to see," said she, gladly.
"I was just going over to ask your
mother if you could go with me to the
park. Wouldn't you like to row on the
lake?" . , . ,
"No," said Don. firmly, as he looked
about the room for some sign of the
apple butter.
"But you will have a ride on the mer
ry-go-round besides. Then there are the
donkeys and the bears."
where 'I may annoint the end of th«
ror>e Then the charm will be good.
Then you will be a magician, as I am.
and you will be able to rule over every
land that is shadowed by your mighty
wings. Fly low and follow me.
The Roc did as he was commanded.
The black dwarf who was plowing ran
Svard Alfred to seize him. Alfred took
oW^f the end of the spider ™ b «»?
and threw It In a noose over the head of
the dwarf.
••Fly away, fly away," screamed Al
fred, "for he has spoiled the charra
and will ruin us both."
The stupid Roc obeyed, and as th©
rope tightened the black dwarf was
swept aloft in the air. The ; rope was
around his body, bo that it did not pre
vent him from crying out to the other
dwarfs in the field, "Save me.
The dwarfs hurled stones with slinga
at the Roc who, seeing so many ene
mies, decided to go as far away as pos
sible.
Alfred hid behind a tree until all th»
dwarfs, racing over the hills in pursuit
of the Roc, had gone out of sight. Then
he went into the farm house, which was
quit© deserted. He ate a good dinner,
cooking it himself, and was pleased be
cause his plan had worked so well.
"Ha, ha," he chuckled, "I have done a
very good day's work, for I am in the
Three Kingdoms of Zybokar. I have
rid myself of the Roc and the black
dwarf who owned this farm both at
once, and I am feeling very well."
How fared Arthur, the third son of
the good King, who was, when we last
saw him, struggling against a quick
sand that was threatening to swallow
him? We shall see. D. H. W.
(To be continued.)
"Ramona."
So the evening was spent, and when
the sweet sad strains of "Home, Sweet
Home" was heard, all of our friends—
"Our Mutual Friends"— gave three
cheers for "Queen Hilda." Soon "The
House of Seven Gables" was all in
quietness and the Maule roses swayed
gently back and forth to the music ol
Alice Pyncheon's harp.
"I don't care for those things any
more," said Don. With this he fastened
his eyes on the door of the closet where
the apple butter was kept, and heaved
a very deep sigh as he wondered how
Mrs. Baker could be so forgetful.
"Why, what is the matter with you,
Don?" asked the lady as she finished
buttoning her glove.
"Oh, nothing much!" burst from him.
"Only I do-nt care to hear about tha
lake and the merry-go-round, nor any
donkeys and bears!"
"Well, what do you like to heaa
about?"
"Mrs. Baker"— and Don gazed at hei
as though she had done him a wrong,
and spoke in his softest, sweetest tone—
"just let's talk about the apple butter."
Mrs. Baker laughed so she had to sil
down. When she arose she went to thai
closet for a saucer overflowing with ap
ple butter and some sponge cake. Aftei
Don had eaten he said he was ready foi
the lake and the merry-go-round, and
the donkeys and bears. He also said
he hoped they would not get back til!
dark.
3132
!■■■■■ ■-■■■■■■-■"•■-■■■ ■■■■ "■- ■---■ " *_' '°"'""** * B B " "" P *'" ""B " " "" r " B■■ '■ " _______ «_. ___■ iggßkffiW _ffl^S| _S "
. DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT.
.A.t ©So.
10-4 COTTON BLANKETS, in both white and colored, soft, fleecy and warm; worth Ssc;
will be offered at 65c a pair.
At $1.15.
11-4 COTTON BLANKETS, 72 inch.s wide in both white and colored, extra heavy and
fleecy; worth $1 50; will be offered at tl 15 a pair.
AtTs3.sO.
11-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, nearly all wool. 72 inches wide, the soft, warm kind;
worth *4 50; will be offered at $3 50 a pair.
At 700.
WHITE BED SPREADS, a fair size and a good material; worth 90c; will be offered at
700 each. __________-__—-
_A_t $1.15. / .
WHITE BED SPREADS, the full size, extra heavy. Marseilles pattern.; worth » 60; will be
offered at U 15 each.
At $1.©5.
WHITE MARSEILLES SPREADS, full size, pretty raised patterns; worth II 25; will be of-
<eredat»6seach.
.red at ,165 each a _ 45C, 50C find 55C.
BE ? t^^eTVirs; i_.^t !^..i^av«sS?-«« V2*f3s-&t& 1 ?&
90x90. 550 each.
At SSO.
TAT?ir DAMASK 54 Inches wide, in cream only, all pure linen, heavy and serviceable;
worth 45c; will be offered at 35c a yard.
At sOc.
TABTE DAMASK, 72 inches wide, extra heavy, and a fine, soft, mellow finish; worth 70c;
Will be offered 'at 50c a yard.
At 900.
LACE CURTAINS. 3 yards long, lacey effects and a good material; worth $1 20; will be
offered at 90c a pair.
At $1.35.
t ,™ rrRTAINS 34 yards long, in both white and ecru, a good grade of net, pretty
-tvles -worth |1 75; will be offered at $1 85 a pair.
At $1.50
t »<--• nTRTA.TNB 3^ yards long, in both white and ecru, in floral, point d' esprit and
fl.hnet effects; 'worth Jl 90; will be offered at $1 50 a pair.
At 750.
BED COMFORTERS. r«irular fize, pure white cotton fllling, heavy and warm; worth Jl 00;
' will be offered at 75c each.
At 900.
rtvrt mMFORTERf full size, with silkoline rnverin- and pure white fllling, nicely tufted,
soft and fluffy; worth $1 25; will be offered at 90c each.
Iml ¥ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts, /
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist Church. Eddy street, near |
Jones— Hey. E. A. Woods.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-second.
St Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot
well streets— Father F. J. Cummins.
St. Brendan'?, Fremont and Harrison
street*— Father Nugent.
St. Brigld's, Van Ness avenue and Broad
way—Father Cuttle.
Church of Corpus Christl, Alemany and j
Croke streets— Palepian Fathers.
St. Charles. Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
streets— Father I'uminlngs.
St. Dominic's. Bush and Steiner streets-
Rev. I'lus Murphy.
St. Francis, Vallejo street and Montgom
ery avenue.
All Hallows Sixteenth avenue and N street
— Rev. D. O'Sullivan.
St. IgnatKis. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
St. James, Twenty - third and Guerrero
streets— Father P. R. Lynch.
Bt. Joseph' 3, Tenth street, near Howard-
Father P. Scanlan.
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
o'Farrell street— Rev. J. J. Prendergast.
V. (1.
St. Mary's Church. California and Dupont
streets— Paulist Fathers.
St. Patrick's. Mission street, near Third-
Father Gray.
St. Paul's, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets— Father Connolly.
Bts. Peter and Paul. Filbert and Dupont
streets— Salesian Fathers.
St. Peter's. Alabama street, near Twenty
fourth—Father P. S. Casey.
St. Rose's, Brannan street, near Fourth —
Father Nugent.
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street, near
Stockton— Marist Fathers.
St. Teresa's, Tt-nnessee and Butte streets-
Rev. P. C. O'Connell.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point
Lobos avenue — Father Coyle.
West Side Christian. Bush street, between
Scott and Devlsadero— Rev. W. A. Gard
ner.
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
First Congregational, Post and Mason
streets — Rev. G. C. Adams.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue
and Clement street— Rev. P. Coombe.
Fourth Congregational Church, Green and
Stockton streets and Montgomery avenue
—Rev. S. Slocombe.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and
Noe streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Market— Archdeacon Emery.
Grace Episcopal, California and Stockton
streets— Rev. R. C. Foute.
St Lukes, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Rev. W. H. Moreiand.
St Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation
Rev D. O. Kelley.
« John the Evangelist. Fifteenth street,
near Valencia— Rev. E. B. Spalding.
St Man' the Virgin, Union and Steiner
■treete— Rev. H. Parrteb.
Morning — '"Rope Holders." Evening —
Praise service.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the community. Evening
— Sermon and vespers.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Even-
Ing— Vespers.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish at 11 o'clock.
Evening — Vespers and sermon.
Morning— High mass and pennon at 11.
Hvoning— Sermon and vespers.
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even
ing—Vespers and sermon.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Even
ing—Sermon and the recital of the ro
sary.
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Vespers and sermon.
Morning— High maps and sermon on the
Gospel at 11 o'clock. Evening— Vespers,
benediction and sermon.
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel by Rev.
Father Calzla. Evening — "Christian
Science," by Rev. Father Woods.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening — Ves
pers, benediction and a sermon.
Morning — High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening—Ves
pers.
Morning — High mass and sermon at 11.
Evening — Vespers, lermon and benediction.
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 11
o'clock. Evening— Vespers, sermon and
benediction.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the parish. Evening—
Vespers, sermon and benediction..
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even
ing—Sermon and vespers.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Even
ing—Sermon in Italian by one of the
priests of the community.
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening-
Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Morning — Solemn high mass at 11 o'clock,
with sermon by the pastor. Evening —
Vespers.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the community. Evening —
Vespers and sermon.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening
— Vespers, benediction and sermon.
,
''■■ Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Sermon and the recital of prayer.
Morning — Sermon by Professor J. H.
Goodell. Evening— Vesper services from 5
to 6 o'clock.
Morning — "Christian Sowing." Evening —
"The Difference Between Hearing and
Seeing."
Mornii:*— "The Loneliness of Christ." Even
ing—"Thomas Carlyle, the Calvlnistlc
Skeptic."
Moroing--"L,eps<->ns From the Rainfall."
Evening — "Honorableness in Religion."
Morning— Communion at 11 o'clock: sermon
on "L<sve's Reflex Action," by the pastor.
Evening— Fourth of a series of lectures by
George W. Dickie, manager of the Union
Iron Works, on "Essentials of Religion."
Morning— "The Wrestling of Jacob." Even
ing — "Beacons of the Revolution."
Morning— Holy communion at 7: morning
prayer (full choir) at 10; choral celebra
tion and sermon at 11.
Morning—Sermon and service at 11. Even
ing—Sermon and music.
Morning— Sermon by Ulshnp Moreland.
Evening- Sermon by Rev. Henry E. Cooke,
rector of Trinity Episcopal Church.
Morning— Special service for the soldiers.
Evening— Sermon and instruction.
Morning — Divine service and sermon at 11.
Evenins — Sermon.
Morning— Mass and holy communion at 7:30
o'clock: high mass and sermon at 11.
* Evening— Evensong and sermon at 8.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 1899.
A Few Special Offerings
In Connection With
THE SALE OF
J. SAMUELS' BANKRUPT STOCK !
COLORED
DRESS GOODS
At i2S Cents. --J
95 pieces FIGURED CHEVIOT DRESB
GOODS, 37 inches wide, reduced from
60c a yard to 25c a yard.
At 35 Cents.
87 pieces 39-INCH ALL-WOOL MIXED
DRESS GOODS, striped and mottle
weaves, regular price 60c a yard, will
- be placed on sale at 35c a yard.
At.SO Cents.
47 pieces 52-INCH ALL-WOOL LADIES'
CLOTH, all shades, will be placed oa
Bale at 50c a yard.
/\t 5O Cents.
39 pieces 44-INCH FRENCH BROCHE
PLAIDS, regrular price SI 25 a yard, will
be offered at 50c a yard.
At 5O Cents.
35 pieces FINE ALL - WOOL STORM
SERGES, 46 Inches wide, new spring
shades, will be offered at 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
29 pieces 46-INCH SPRING NOVELTY
SUITING, medium colorinscs. extra *ood
value for $1 25 a yard, will be placed
on fale at 75c a yard.
[/[/ Murphy Building J
Market and Jones Streets.
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street, near
Fillmore— Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly.
Trinity Episcopal. Bush and Gough streets
Rev. H. C. Cooke.
St. Stephen's Episcopal Church. Fulton and
Fillmore streets— Rev. E. J. Lion.
St. James Episcopal Mission. Clement
street and Sixth avenue (Richmond Dis
trict.
St. Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes street-
Clergy of St. Stephen's Church.
St. Alban's Church (Episcopal). Golden
Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street.
First English Lutheran, Geary street, near
Gough— Rev. E. Nelander.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church, Fifteenth
avenue Bouth and P street— Rev. W. D.
Crabb.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth —
Rev. C. E. Locke.
Potrero M. E. Church. Tennessee and Sola
no streets— S. M. Woodward.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue and
Clement street— Rev. George Baugh.
Centenary M. E. Church, Bush street, be
tween Gough and Octavia— Rev. C. R.
Riddlck.
Epworth M E. Church. Church and Twen
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. WoodwarH.
California Street M. E. Church, California
and Broderick streets— Frederic C. Lee.
Bethel African M. E. Church. Powell street,
near Jackson— Rev. W. B. Anderson.
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church, Guerrero
street, near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E.
Dugan.
St John's Presbyterian, California and Oc
tavia streets— Rev. H. Weller. D.D.
First United Presbyterian, Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street.
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez and
Twenty-third streets— Rev. R. W. Rey
nolds.
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and Powell
streets— Rev. J. Hemphlll.
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web
ster streets— Rev. S. S. Cryor.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F.
W. Fischer.
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mackenzie.
First Unitarian, Geary and Franklin streets
Rev. Stopford W. Brooke.
Christian Union Mission. 549 Howard street
—Rev. W. H. Tubb.
First Church of Christ. Scientist. 223 Sutter
stree t— The Bible and Science and Health.
With Key to the Scriptures.
T. M. C. A. Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets.
THEATRICAL.
Continued from Page Twenty-nine.
gone. As already announced, the opening
opera will be "Faust," with Melba as
JVlarguerite. This is the arrangement for
the rnst of the- week: Tuesday. "Aida,"
Gadski: Wednesday, "La Boheme,"
Melba and De Lussan; Thursday, "Caval
lorla Rustlcana" and "I Pagllacci," Gad
ski nnd Chalia; Friday, "Carmen," De
I.ussan and Gadski: Saturday matinee.
"Barber of Seville," Melba.
Morosco's in Oakland.
The well known Morosco company of
SILK
DEPARTMENT
At 5O Cents.
COLORED SILK VELVET: former price $1 25.
will be closed out at 50c a yard.
At 55 Cents.
22-INCH COLORED CHECKED PEAU DE
SOIE SILK; former price Jl 25; will be
closed out at 55c a yard.
At 65 Cents.
24-INCH BLACK FIGURED SILK; former
price 85c; will be closed out at 65c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
COLORED FANCY BAYADERE STRIPED
SILK; former price $1 23; will be closed out
at 75c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
24-INCH BLACK SATIX DUCHESSE; former
price $1 00; will be closed out at 75c a yard.
At 9O Cents.
COLORED FANCY CHECKED TAFFETA
SILK; former price $1 15; will be closed out
at 90c a yard.
I/U Murphy Building', Jr
Market ni Jones Streets.
Morning — Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow
ed by litany service and sermon by the
rector. Evening— Song service and ser
mon.
Morning— Holy communion at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon and instruction.
Morning— Morning prayer at 7; preaching
by the rector at 11. Evening — Prayer at
7:45, and sermon by Rev. H. Parrlsh.
Morning— Prayer at 11. Evening— Prayer
at 8.
Morning— Sunday school at 9:30. Evening-
Prayer at 8.
Morning— Church service at 11:15; Sunday
school at 10 o'clock. All are cordially in
vited.
Morning — "The Withered Hand." Evening
■Simon of Cyrene, the Conscript Crosa
Bearer."
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Sermon and religious instruction.
Morning— Services at 11. Evening— Sermon
by the pastor.
Morning— "Contentment." Evening— "Why
More Men Do Not Qo to Church."
M'Ttilnl— Divine services at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock; Sunday
school at 12:30. Evening— Divine service
at 7:30 o'clock.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Same.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor at 11
o'clock. Evening— Sermon, followed by
prayer service.
Morning— "Forgive Us." Evening — "Sam
son—Marriage a Failure."
Morning— "The Greatest Charity." Evening
—"The Living Vine."
Morning— "The Help and Cheer We Re
ceive From the Victorious Dead." Even
ing — "The Bent Knee."
Morning— ''Love of Christ as a Motive,"
Evening— '"Sermon of the Raven and the
Dove."
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even
ing—Sermon and the recital of prayer.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Same.
Evening— "Duty vb. Pleasure."
Morning — "Martyrs." Evening — "The
Cities of Europe — Rome— the Eternal
City."
Morning— Sermon by the Rev. J. B. Flncher
from Portland, Or. Evening— Song service
and address by Rev. Dr. D. McDonald, su
perintendent of Canadian Methodist mls
olons in Japan.
Evening— First of a series of addresses on
"The Changes Taking Place In the Prot
estant Churches."
Morning— Sermon on the subject of "Joy
in Temptation."
Morning— "Occupy Till I Come." Evening
— "They That Are Whole Have No Need of
the Physician, but They That Are Sick."
I Morning— Address on the subject of ''Sub
stance."
3 p. m.— "Strength of the Invisible," by
Chaplain Frederic C. Brown of the United
States Battleship lowa.
this city, which has been enjoying: a suc
cessful season on the road ever since the
Grand Opera House closed, will com
mence an engagement in Oakland to-mor
row night at the Dewey Theater in "Th.s
War of Wealth." under the management
of Landers Stevens and Fred Butler. The
following week the company gives way to
the Sullivan combination, returning to the
Dewey on March 20 for an extended sea-
Fon in such popular melodramas as "A
Fatal Card." "The Fire Patrol" and "The
Eagle's Nest." The following list of play
ers will show the strength of the com
pany: Lo'rina Atwood, Julia Blanc,
Fanny Gillette, Marie Winson, Belle Hil
lary, Landers Stevens, Fred Butler. Mau
rice Stewart, Max yon Mitzel, James Cor-
BLACK
DRESS GOODS
At 5O Cents.
50 pieces BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR, 45
inches wide, marked down from $1 to
50c a yard.
At 65 Cents.
30 pieces BLACK ENGLISH STORM
SERGE, 48 inches, regular value $1,
marked down to 65c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
20 pieces BLACK CREPOX, regular value
|1, marked down to 7".c a yard.
At $1.00.
10 pieces BLACK ENGLISH STORM
SERGE. 58 inches wide, good value for
fl 25, will be offered at U a yard.
At $2.00.
15 pieces BLACK MOHAIR PIEROLA, the
newest designs, extra value for $2 50,
will be offered at $2 a yard.
At $1.50.
S pieces BLACK DIAGONAL, 5S Inches
wide, a very good tailor suiting, cheap
for %1, will be offered at $1 50 a yard.
[/[/ Murphy Bufldlnr. J
Mariet ni Jones Streets.
rigan, Bert Morrison, Joseph Muller,
Frank Webber and William de Carr.
Music.
Mrs. Elizabeth Mowrj', a dramatic so
prano of note, will give a concert in the
Association Auditorium on Wednesday
evening next, under the direction of Dr.
11. J. Stewart. Others who will con
tribute to the excellent programme are:
Antonio Vargas, barytone; John Mar
quardt. violinist, and Louis yon der Meh
den, 'cellist.
John W. Metcalf, the Oakland pianist,
will give a concert in the First Unitarian
Church of that city on Thursday evening,
assisted by Mrs. J. E. Birmingham, Clem
ent Rowlands. Alex T. Stewart and Mrs.
Edith J. Batchelder.
Saeur, the pianist, is no longer urider the
direction of R. E. Johnstone, but is being
managfd by Victor Thrane. He will be
heard here In April or May.
The Chutes.
At the Chutes Free Theater Pianka, the
"lady of lions," will appear for the last
times to-day, and beginning to-morrow
the bill will be almost entirely new. Ethel
Lynwood, a London contortionist, who
can make herself more crooked than the
average legislator, will make her first ap
pearance, as will also the Michelsen
brothers, banjoists. The younger, aged
10, is called the "Mozart of the banjo."
Blanche Reed, an Eastern dancer, prom
ises to tip-toe her way into favor, and
little Mildred, who was a great pet with
the Frawteys, will give some diminutive
songs and dances. To-day, as a special
attraction, there will be a balloon ascen
sion and parachute drop by Emil Marke
bcrg. _
Steeplechase
Extra "gravity horses" have been In
stalled at the. Steeplechase at Central
Park owing to the large number of riders.
In addition to the permanent attractions
the management has engaged for the com
ing -week the Royal and Imperial Japa
nese troupe of divers, acrobats and swim
mers. A novelty in the shape of a pigeon
fuse shooting gallery has been imported
from France, and Vosmer. the aeronaut,
will give midair performances.
The Olvjmp'a.
The bill at the Olympia is headed by
Sherman and Morrisey, the unique com
ply acrobats, with Querita Vincent fol
lowing close for favors. There are ten or
more other turns on the bill.
MAGAZINES.
Continued From Page Twenty-eight.
to the New World. He is made an officer
in the French army, and the story con
cerns itself with his love affair with his
cousin, who follows him through the Ca
nadian wilderness attended only by her
maid. The story is as good as modern
romantic fiction affords. The authors
know their ground thoroughly and they
have woven a most entertaining story
around Wolfe and Montcalm and the dra
matic capture of Quebec. Harper Broth
ers, New York.
The recent suc
cess of the Brit
sh arms over the
Mahdists in the
Soudan demonstrates that even fanati
cism cannot stand against drill and dis
cipline. But in earlier days it is easy to
understand why the Arabs swept all be
fore them. An ingenious tenet of Mo
hammed taught his followers that the
hour and minute and second of death
were fully ordained. Therefore the be
lieving soldier's self-regardless fighting
was for a while invincible. Confucius
Zoroaster. Buddha. Brahma. Mohammed
—each of these great religious thinkers
now has his followers beneath the far
flung flag of the United States. It is con
sequently the highest political wisdom to
understand what each of our new wards
believes. The February number of Thp
Cosmopolitan will contain the first chap
ter of "The Founding of an Empire" by
John Brisben Walker. The first part
gives a bird's-eye view of Mohammed and
his religion. The Cosmopolitan, Irving
ton, New York.
(THE COSMOPOLITAN
The March number of
Scrlbner's shows Gover
nor Roosevelt in the
sort of description that
he likes best— a narrative of a fight. With
SCRIBNER'S.
LADIES' CAPES.
At $3.50.
LADIES' BLACK KERSEY CLOTH CAPES, handsomely braided and beaded; value for
$6 00; sale price, $3 50 each. \: "~--
At $5.00.
LADIES' PLAIN PLUSH CAPES, length 27 inches, collar and fronts edged with black
Thibet fur; regular price, $10 00; sale price, $5 00 each.
At $7.45.
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, some plain, others trimmed with braid and beads, collar and
fronts edged with Thibet fur; were $12 30 and, $15 00; sale price, $7 45 each.
At $9.75.
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES lined with silk, plain or trimmed, collar and fronts edged with
Marten or Thibet fur; regular prices $17 50 and $20 00;, sale price, $9 75 each.
LADIES' JACKETS.
At $2.45.
LADIES' BLACK BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, storm collar, faced with silk
serge; regular price, $5 00; sale price. $2 45 each.
: At $4.90.
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly or double-breasted fronts, faced with silk. ,In
black, blue and tan; value for $10 00; sale price, $4 90 each.
At $7.50.
LADIES' KERSEY AND COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, some plain,' others trimmed with
braid; worth $12 60; sale price, $7 50 each.
At $9.75.
LADIFS' COVERT AND KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly or double-breasted fronts, lined
throughout with silk; were $15 00 and $17 50; sale price. $9 75 each.
F\t $11.75.
T ADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, lined throughout with pilk, colors tan, navy and
green; also black; regular prices, $17 50 and $20 00; sale price. $1175 each.
LADIES' SUITS AND DRESS SKIRTS.
At $6.90.
LADIFS' TAILOR-MADE SUITS of black and navy serge, fly front, jackets lined with silk
serge, skirts lined with percaline and bound with velvet; were $10 00; sale price, $6 90
each. • .
At $1.45.
LADIES' COLORED "DRESS SKIRTS, made of fancy suiting, well lined and bound; regular
price, $3 00; sale price, $1 45 each. .
At $6.90.
LADIES' BLACK SATIN DRESS SKIRTS, double lined and bound with velvet; worth $13 60;
sale price, $6 90 each. ; *
I gig Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
\& kJk San Francisco. /
his usual candor he calls this "General
Young's Fight at Las Guasimas," and
pays a hearty tribute to his brigade com
mander and to the regulars who won
equal honors with the Rough Riders in
that hot sklrmisn. Any one who reads
the colonel's account will have no belief
in the story of an ambush. The advance
was carefully planned out by consultation
of the leading officers, and every com
mander knew exactly what was expected
of him.
Senator Hoar has been lately compared
to Webster by reason of the literary and
oratorical quality of his recent speech in
the Senate. As a young man he frequent
ly heard Webster "speak, and this install
ment of his •'Political Reminiscences"
gives his impressions or the character
and oratory of Webster, and also con
tains an unpublished letter of Webster's
to Senator H<>ar"s brother, which is the
last anti-slavery expression of Webster,
and is a valuable contribution to the po
litical history of the period.
Stevenson's letters in this number were
written from Mtntnne during the first
breakdown of the health of the novelist.
Tt was at this period that he wrote his
famous essay "Ordered South." Charles
Rcribner's Suns. New York.
The timely topic of
Mormon polygamy.
and the opinions of
the late Brigham
! Young and various
Mormon wives regarding: it. is tactfully
discussed by Mrs. Frank Leslie in an il
lustrated article which is one of the prin
cipal features of Frank Leslie's Popular-
Monthly for March. The Nicaragua
canal project, past, present and future. M
ably discussed by K. A. Fletcher, whose
contribution has the advantage of being
thoroughly well illustrated. "Queen Wll
helmina and Woman's Work in Holland,
by S M. d'Engelhronner. is full of per
sonal and literary as well as pictorial
interest which is equally true of "Sketch-
Ing From Nature." by H. Villiers Bar
nett. Thomas R. r>awley Jr.. famous for
his hairbreadth escapes while campaign
ing with Gomez in Cuba, tells some thrill
ing stories of that veteran hero and the
late General Quintin Bandera. "A Skein
of Silk" is a charming illustrated paper,
by W. C. Kitchin. describing silkworm
culture in Japan. The "Woman in Action"
article tells about the fair sex in Wall
street. Bret Hartc and Egerton Castle
head the fiction writers in Frank Leslie's
Popular Monthly, and there are complete
short stories (his month by Mary J.
Holmop (illustrated by Wenzell), and Etta
W Pierce (illustrated by Rosenmeyeri.
"Marginalia" contains some spicy con
tributions by R. K. Munkittrick and
others.
NEW FRANK
LESLIES POPULAR
MONTHLY.
The March
number of
WHAT TO EAT.
i this popular
J magazine of
tr-istronnrmcs is iuny up to the high
standard it has set for itself. Ihe last
Issue contain* some valuable hints about
eatinc during \.c\\t. The daily menus are
particularly good. Pierce & Pierce, Pub
lishers, Minneapolis.
The March Pall Mall
Magazine has an un
commonly attractive ta
ble of contents. The
number opens with a line poem by Pro
fessor Charles G. D. Roberts, entitled
"Kinsmen Strong." emphasizing the as
pirations of those who favor a closer
union between the United States and Eng
land. The frontispiece is by C. Dana Gib
son, who also contributes to the magazine
the first of three articles, illustrated by
himself, picturing his recent travels in
Egypt. Among the other notable con
tents are: An article on the life and work
of the late Puvis de Chavannes by Miss
Mario I>. yon Vorst. with portrait and ex
amples of his work; "The Shipwreck." a
powerful short story of American life, by
Mrs. Gertrude Atherton; the third of
George Somes Layard's articles dealing
with "Suppressed Plates"; the fifth of
Clark Russell's interesting papers on tho
"Evolution of Naval Architecture": an
article by Frederick Greenwood discussing
in its political aspects the Kaiser's recent
jaunt in Palestine; and the fourth install
ment of General Sir Hugh Gough's "Old
Memories" of the Afghanistan campaign.
Pall Mall. Magazine, Astor Court building.
New York.
PALL MALL.
The complete novel
In the March issue of
Lippincott's is "The
Sport of Circum-
B'es," Dy (Jiarlnda I'endieton Lamar,
c of modern Southern life,
eph A. Nunez, in an article on
a." gives timely and interesting facts
Ing to animal and vegetable life in
our new possession.
"Recollections of a London Lawyer."
by G. Burnett Smith, tells amusing inci
dents of London law courts, especially
LIPPINCOTT'S.
connected with the career of Montagu
Williams.
Owen Hall, in "Imperialism— An Esti
mate," talks about the policy of coloni
zation.
Revenue Collections for February.
The following are the receipts of In
ternal Revenue Collector Lynch's office
for the month of February:
Lists. $3025 02; beer. $69,251 SS; fruit spir
its. i 36,559 95: grain spirits. $33,158 3S;
cigars, $14,639 32; cigarettes. $2197 >ii; snuff,
$13 05; tobacco, |230;> 23; specials, J2997 42;
playing cards, $49 CMS: export stamps. $3;
documentary, stamps, $fi0,001; proprietary
stamps. $542915. Total. $232,988 02. Collected
February, 1898, $125,843 35.
Mate Moye Held to Answer.
Arthur Moye, second mate of the Ameri
can ship Erskine M. Phelps. was on yes
terday held to answer by raited States
Court Commissioner Heacock for b^atin^
and wounding with a belaying pin several
sailors of tne crew.
" THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Storits High
Metal beds like cut, }4-
and full size, in brass-trim-
med white enamel. $2.50
Our display of metal beds is worth
a visit. In white and colored enameh.
brass and nickel trimmings, at $25 and
$30. All-brass beds with canopy. $60.
A hundred patterns, displayed in broad
aisles, easy of selection. Their beauty,
durability and sanitary advantages,
make them the modem bed.
Oak combination bookcase and
writing desk, with mirror; wide fold-
ing leaf for writing $7
A line of bookcases and writing
desks, single and in combination, any-
one of which would add to the comfort
and beauty of the home at small cost.
Solid oak 3-pieces bedroom set.
neatly carved in relief. High head;
French mirror, 24x30 516.50
Some beauties in Golden Oak, Ma-
hogany, and Bird's-eye Maple just
received.
Damask Portieres, full width for
double doors (50 in.) in neat patterns
and desirable colors 51.55
Heavy Derby ribbed Tapestv Por-
tiers. with beautiful silk effects, re-
duced to fQ. Elegant all-silk Por-
tieres, $17.50.
CARPBT DEPARTMENT
We've ransacked the carpet market
for our Spring stock, and it is now all
here and complete. Tapestries, Brus-
sels, Moquetes, Axminsters and Savon-
neries in new patterns. Oilcloths,
Linoleums and Mattings in larger stock
than previously.
Floor Oilcloth, an economical cover-
ing in nice designs, a yard 15c
Bring your measurements.
Free delivery, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
M FRIEDMAN & CO.,
233 to 237 Post St. S. F.
Open evenings Near Stockton