VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 178.
DEWEY STATUE AN
ASSURED SUCCESS
Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars Sub- °
scribed in One Day to the Monu- 1
ment to the Hero of Manila. •
TWENTT-PIV E THOUSA NP
DOLARS was the amount
subscribed toward the monu
ment to Admiral Dewey and
the American navy yesterday.
It vms the tirst day the citizens'
committee having charge of the
project had hpgun ihf> Rotual work
.if raising funds, and one-fourth of
the entire amount necessary for
the purpose was the result But the
.: not going to
come in in $5000 and $10,000 lumps,
li must be distinctly understood
that California's tribute to the hero
of Manila Bay and the officers and
men who shared with him the
glorious victory is an offering from
all the people, and not from a few.
The committee wisely decided to
give the people an absolute guaran
tee of the success of the movement
by securing a safe start before
calling upon the multitude's for their
offerings.
Thousands have already been
pledged; now the dimes and dol
lars will begin to pour in.
The general committee met in
r Phelan'fl private office at 4
Lay afternoon, there
. a larger attendance than at
either of the previous meetings,
which attests to the growing popu
larity of the Dewey monument.
Mayor Phelan presided, and there
were also present E. B. Pond. Irv
ing M. Scott, Captain Fletcher, F.
W. Van Sicklen, George D. Clark,
Charles 1.. Patton, Joseph D. Grant,
Bloss, W. C Stafford, J. B.
Reinsteln, Charles Bundschu, Jo
seph S. Tobin and Colonel C. H.
Murphy. Mr. Scott announced that
he was going East on the evening
train and would see the California
colony in New York and elsewhere
and -nlist their co-operation.
\ finance committee, consisting
O f ]•:. W. Hopkins, K. B. Pond,
Charles L. Patton, F. W. Van
KILLED BY LIGHTNING
WHILE PREACHING
Awful Death of Rev. H. H. Baldwin
While Conducting Revival
Services in Oklahoma.
NEW YORK, May 26.-A special to the
Bun from Guthrle, O. T., says: Rev, , H.
H. Baldwin, an aged preacher, was killed
by lightning while conducting religious
hers.. at Fountain, in Dewey County,
last night. For a week he had been con
ducting a revival, and the little church
was crowded yesterday. He gave out the
hymn and led in prayer, and then went
to the Bible and gave out bis text. Then
the storm broke. He appealed to' the con
gregation to lead better lives and to feel
spiritual calm after a life of sin, the
roughness and turbulence of which he
compared with the violence of the storm
raging out of doors.
Just then the crash of thunder came,
while a brilliant flash almost blinded those
in the front pews. When they recovered
from the confusion the minister lay on
the floor dead. The congregation was in
a great state of fear, and the men in the
audience, mostly cattlemen, feared to ap
proach the body for some minutes.
Women screamed and some fainted.
Mr. Baldwin had been living in the Ter
ritory several years. He came from ll
nois.
AN APPEAL TO AID
THE FAMINE SUFFERERS
Rev. Mr. Francis Writes That Two
Million Dollars Are Required
for Russian Relief Work.
NEW YORK. May X. A cable to the
Bun from London say a: Rev. Mr. Fran
pastor of the British-American
church in St. Petersburg, writes to the
papers a pitiful appeal for help for 5,000,
--000 famine Bufferera in the eastern prov
of Russia, where lie is now work
ing as chairman of the relief committee.
fives distressing details of the Buf
fering of the people. Tic says that $2,000,
--000 will be required to keep the starving
] pi<> alive during the three months to
the next harvest.
The San Francisco Call.
Sicklen and Leon Sloss. was ap
pointed to take charge of subscrip
tions as they come in and attend
to the other financial matters.
Captain Fletcher submitted
sign for a Bouvenir receipt,
was adopted with a few slight al
terations suggested by the mem
bers present. The souvenir is a
marvel of artistic elegance and will
long be cherished by the fortunate
ssors.
Then the question of raising funds
was brought up and it was decided
after some discussion as to the best
method of proceeding, that it
would be advisable to go before the
people with a positive assurance of
the success of the movement in the
shape of a sufficient sum pledged to
dispel all doubt. Mayor Phelan an
nounced that although First
Vice President Claus Spreckela
has been out of town for
some days, and consequently
unable to attend the meetings
of the committee so far, he had
sent word to the Mayor that he
would be happy to send in his sub
scription to the fund as soon as the
committee was in readiness to re
ceive It. The Mayor was requested
to send a telegram to Mr. Spreckels
inviting him to head the list. The
dispatch was sent and promptly
came the reply that Mr. Spreckels
would head the list with $10,000.
Mayor Phelan told the committee
that he was anxious to pay $5000
for one" of those souvenir receipts;
another member announced that
John W. Mackay's check for a
similar amount was awaiting
the committee's pleasure, and still
another stated that "a friend"
who modestly declined to
have his name made public
just at present was ready
with the third $5000 subscription.
Each announcement was received
WHEN DOES THE 19TH
CENTURY CLOSE
This Question Takes the Presbyterian
Assembly Longer to Decide Than
the Roberts Case.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., May 26.— 1t took
the general assembly of the Presbyterian
church longer to decide to-day when the
nineteenth century ends than it took to
pass the resolution against the Mormon
Congressman Roberts and in favor of
the anti-polygamy amendment to the na
tional constitution. These resolutions,
which represent the matured thought of
the Presbyterians of the United States
after many months of consideration, so
exactly expressed the sentiment of every
conunisisoner that they were adopted
without even a single supporting speech.
The commisslone rs generally feel that in
calling for the expulsion of Roberts and
for the adoption of an amendment to the
national constitution detlning legal mar
riage to be monogamic they have started
a movement which will be taken up all
over the country and will reach event
ual success. The adopted resolutions were
originally written b» K<-v. William Paden
of Salt Lake City, but were modified arid
expanded by the committee on bills and
overtures, though not essentially.
As for the end of the nineteenth cen
tury, one of the reports spoke of next
year as the opening of the new century.
I'pon objection and after a little debatt
the stated clerk held that next year is the
last of this century. Presbyterians will
henceforth get along without this exciting
topic of discussion.
DEWEY AMAZED MY
LAVISH PREPARATIONS
NEW YORK, May 27.— The World's
Hongkong corespondent cables he gave
Admiral Dewey to-day the first Informa
tion that the city of New York will ex
pend $150,000 and the State of New York
$7fi.000 in giving a fitting welcome to the
hero of Manila Bay. The Admiral said:
"I am amazcu at such lavish prepara
tions."
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MAY 27. 1899.
with hearty applause, and the
members expressed themselves as
more than satisfied with the out
look. Some of them suggested that
the committee on design would
have to hurry up with Its work or
the money would all be collected
before the plans had been cum
plete 1.
With a quarter of the total
amount pledged at the start, the
committee felt that the people
would feel assured that the monu
ment was beyond the sentimental
stage and had become a reality, and
th"y would respond accordingly.
The city was divided into districts
and every member of the committee
assigned to one section with in
structions to make a most thorough
canvass for funds. Every bank and
insurance company, merchant and
broker, tradesman and professional
man will be called upon to contrib
ute. As the Dewey monument is a
State affair the country is looked to
for support as well as the city, and
for the benefit of those living out of
town as well as residents of the
outlying districts all the local news
papers have been authorized to re
ceive subscriptions. The commit
tee will appoint no collectors and
nobody aside from the business of
fices of the daily papers and the
members of the committee them
selves is authorized to collect sub
scriptions. If you are not nerson
ally acquainted with some member
of the committee the best plan is
for you to drop into one of the
newspaper offices and leave your
contribution or write to the com
mittee for a subscription blank,
which has been prepared and will
be sent to you. Fill this out and
send it in and one of the committee
will call upon you.
The first $25,000 was raised In one
day, the people should strive to
raise the second $25,000 in equally as
short a time.
RECOVERS THE BOY
HE MOURNED AS DEAD
Kidnaped Son of T. S. Gardiner Found
With a Family at Otter
Bay.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 26.— The
seven-year-old son of T. S. Gardiner, said
to be a merchant of San Francisco, was
discovered to-day by the police in the pos
session of Samuel Cawker, who lives at
Otter Bay. Three months ago the Gardi
ner boy mysteriously disappeared from
Seattle, where his father had placed him
in a private family. It was learned thai
he had been stolen while on the way to
school, but the father persisted in the be
lief that be was dead. So certain was he
of this that he wrote to a firm of under
takers in this city, asking if they knew
anything about the boy having beeh bur
ied. They did not, and then the case was
placed in the hands of the police.
The boy, who is a bright little fellow,
was enticed away by his stepmother, who
■I' • rted Gardiner two years ago. She
brought him to Vancouver, and here
treated him cruelly. Then she took him
to the Cawkers. which is an out of the
way place, and left him there, promising
to pay for his board. The child was thin
and emaciated. Nothing has been seen of
the stepmother since. She lived at the
place for a while, but used the child so
badly that Cawker, taking a fancy to the
boy, agreed to take care of him.
Oardlner is expected to arrive here next
week after his -son, who will be placed
again in the care of friends at Seattle.
GERMANS ARE JUBILANT.
Gratified by What They Are Pleased
to Term Kautz's "Recall."
BERLIN, May 26.— The newspapers
here are jubilating over what they term
Admiral Kautz's "recall."
The Lokal Anzelger says: This shows
anew the American Government's good
will to remove all obstacles to a peaceful
understanding. It also says that a third
German, Captain Knlse, is now under ar
rest on the German cruiser Falke, at
Apia, charged, like Herron Huffnagel and
Marquardt, with complicity in the recent
insurrection.
COLD BEDS
WILL HELD
MILLIONS
Thus Declares the Discoverer
of the Cerro Pinto
Placers.
ALLEN FRASER TALKS
By the Crudest Methods Indians
and Mexicans Have Taken
Out Fortunes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 26.— Allen G.
Fraser, who has gained prom
inence through having been the
first white man to enter the rich
placer dig-sings j n tne Santa
Clara district. 300 miles south of En
senada. In Lower California, is a fruit
grower, having his home at Arlington,
Riverside County, in an Interview with
James Irving, the assayer, Fraser said:
"I can fully confirm the reports of
discoveries of gold in the placer
grounds in the Santa Clara district.
The half has not been told, neither has
the greatest wealth in that section been
touched. These placer grounds have
been worked in a crude way by Indians
and Mexicans for many years. They
have used the simplest of appliances.
! In keeping with their nature they have
been very secretive. The large quan
tity of gold that came from the lnt< rior
had aroused much speculation, hence
the receni discovery.
"The find that I practically made
covers about fifteen square miles, but
there is another field that la equally
as rich several miles from the first that
has so far not been touched. The fu
ture alone can tell how much the dig
gings will yield. The output will run
i into the seven figures before it is ex
, hausted. Pres mi appliances are so im
perfect that the heaviest gold only is
taken out When modern dry washers
I are in operation the yield through Tiner
gold will rapidly swell the output.
"The lti(ii;ins with their methods took
"Ut from $1 to $20 a day. I have taken
up 250 acres and shall go back as soon
us I complete some business arrange
"One peculiar thing is that after dig
ging down two feet water is encoun
tered, and it iooks to me as if an un
derground swamp had at some time
existed. It is a peculiar condition and
one that offers opportunity for the
student. I think sufficient water can
be developed for all purposes."
Fraser says the process of taking up
claims is Blow and the Mexican Gov
ernment wiil not issue a certificate un
less the claim has been surveyed by the
proper persons. He knows nothing
personally of the $158,000 reported to
have been shipped to Guaymas. That
the report is true he does not deny,
because the field Is rich and the con
tributions of the many would soon
reach that figure if nuggets were in
cluded in the shipment.
The Santa Fe passenger department
is making preparations to accommodate
the travel expected from here. The
new El Dorado can he readied <>nly via
the Santa Fe from San Diego, and in
quiries as to rates and routes are nour
ing in upon the passenger department.
Work will at once be begun upon the
necessary printed matter, showing, in
detail how to reach the district. Kates
of fares will be quoted and dates of the
Bailing of steamers out of San Diego.
Should the bonanza pan out as has been
predicted, a regular passenger service
will be instituted from San Pedro down
the coast. The Southern Pacific pas
senger department may also recom
mend to headquarters at San Francisco
that a steamer line be placed in service
from Port Los Angeles.
THE STAMPEDE IS ON.
Schooner Anita to Take the First
Load of Gold-Seekers.
SAN DlE<;<>. May 26.— Scores of pen
pie are only awaiting an opportunity to
try their fortune in the Cerro Pinta
placers. Captain Dunne of the schooner
Anita, which will sail on Monday for
San Pablo Bay, has been besieged with
applications for passage on his vessel,
and application was made this morning
to the Board of Inspectors of Hulls at
San Francisco to allow the vessel to
take fifty passengers in addition to her
crew.
"We could book 250 passengers on
the Anita," said Agent Mendelson this
morning, "if we could only rind room
for them."
At noon to-day Mr. Mendelson re
ceived a dispatch authorizing the Anita
to take the additional passengers asked
for, and when the vessel sails she will
be loaded to the guards with passen
gers and freight for the placers.
Manager Swain of the Ibarra Mining
Company at Calmalli, who has a thor
ough knowledge of the country where
the excitement is on, believes implicitly
in the reports of the rich gold discov
eries at Sierra Pintada. and has given
local carpenters an unlimited order to
supply him all the dry washers they
can make by Monday at $25 each. They
will be taken down on the Anita, and
will sell at the mines for not less than
$150 each.
The St. Denis is being fitted up with
additional berths, and on her next trip
will go to Ascension Bay. She will
have accommodations for 100 passen
gers.
The next definite news from the
placers will be received by the Santa
Barbara, which is due at Ensenda
about May 30. The schooner was sent
south from that port with a full cargo
of provisions, and is expected to bring
back a quantity of gold.
Every available craft on the bay has
CHINA WILL TURN
UPON HER SPOILERS
Orders to Put Troops on a War Footing
to Resist German and Italian
Aggression.
LONDON, May 27.— The Shanghai correspondent of the Daily
Mail says: "Orders have been issued from Peking direct
ing the Viceroys and Governors of the neighboring prov
inces to put all their forces on a war footing, owing to the
arrival of six Italian warships in San Mun harbor.
"It is thought also that the Chinese propose to drive the
Germans from the Shan Tung peninsula."
NEW YORK, N. V., May 26.— A Sun Cable from Shanghai
says the North China Gazette says Great Britain has agreed to
transfer Wei-Hai=Wei to Germany two years hence in return for
German concessions in South Africa.
FINLAND INTENDS TO
SAFEGUARD ITS RIGHTS
ALEXANDER'S STATUE AT HELSINGFORS.
Around This Monument, Built by the Subscriptions of Thousands of Finns in Grati
tude to the Czar who Granted Them All the Liberty They Enjoy, the
People Lately Gathered to Protest Against the Tyranny
of Alexander IPs Grandson.
V fELSINGFORS, Finland, May 26.
nThe Finnish Diet, r.fter a pro
tracted deliberation over the new
i military law, is discussing a counter
1 measure by which some of the Rus
sian institutions will be accepted, but
the principle of the rights of Finland
i will be strictly safeguarded.
been chartered by parties going to the
mines, and business houses report a de
cided increase in sales of supplies dur
ing the past few days. Horace G.
Lowe, W. E. Hadley, A. J. Culver. M.
Kew and T. M. Loop have organized a
company under the name of the On
ward and Upward Mining Company,
and to-day commenced to get their out
fit together. T. Loop, F. A. Culver and
J. T. Kew will represent the company
at the mines, £.nd will leave for the
Sierra Pintada gold fields as soon as
their transportation can be obtained.
Inquiries regarding transportation
were received to-day by the agent of
the schooner Anita from Virginia City,
San Francisco, San Jose and many
other parts of the West. The following
passengers were booked to-day for pas
sage on the Anita, en route to the
placers and as many more are expected
to engage passage to-morrow: F. A.
Garretson, F. M. Vernon, W. W. Morris,
G. BrackenhofL", S. K. Weed, W. C. Kal
The closing of the Diet is now im
minent and will accentuate the differ
ences between the Russians and
x inns.
The ITinnish press declares that
proclamations are being circulated
among the population, urging them
to niake "common cause with the
ston, Theodore Baker, J. Moss, A. Bell.
F. S. Carter, Frank Safford, Alfred Orn,
J. W. Thorman, Alfred Cave, Fred
Hacke, J. P. Israel, E. C. Hlckman, Mr.
Kahln, S. J. Agnew, J. Runk, W.
Sheldon, H. M. Snyder. Joe Tobin. M. O.
Loughlin. J. J. Price and partner.
NO MORE PAPER MONEY
FOR THE PHILIPPINES
Uncle Sam Cannot Afford to Feed
Ants on Bills of Large Denom
ination.
NEW YORK, May 26.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Paper money
cannot be used in the Philippines, for
there is variety of ants in the islands
which eat almost everything, and arc par
ticularly fond of paper. In a recent ship
ment of money for troops was H ,000.000 In
paper money of small denominations, and
preparations were beins made- to send
more paper in the next shipment, when a
warning was siven that hereafter nothing
but told and silver coin must be sent to
PRICB FIVE CENTS.
Poles against Russian barbarism,"
and declaring that the aiceptance of
Russian rule will result in a division
of the land pmong the poor. The press
adds that this agitation is inspired by
malevolence and with the object of
involving the Finns in differences
with the Russian Government.
tne islands. Jt was stated that the ants
got Into the boxes and attacked the pack
ages (if bills, which were saved from de
struction only by the greatest care. As
far as the officials here know none of the
money was actually destroyed, the dam
age dune being probably no more serious
than the eating away of the edges of
notes, or perhaps making holes through
some of them.
PRUSSIAN DOCTORS
DRUGGED RECRUITS
Method of Exemption From Military
Service Has Caused Four
Deaths.
BERLIN, May 26.— A sensation has been
caused by the arrest of two physicians
in Elberfeld and Renischeid. towns of
Rhenish Prussia, charged with system
atically drugging recruits so as to exempt
them from military service. It is assert
ed thai four of the persons thus treated
have died from the results of the drugs
administered to them. The prisoners of
fered bail in the sum of 50,000 murks, but
this was refused.2
TAGALS TO BE
WHIPPED INTO
SUBMISSION
There Will Be No More Dal
lying With the Bellig
erent Filipinos.
ENVOYS SO INFORMED
Aguinaldo's Representatives Must
Come With Unconditional Surren
der to Again Be Received.
Sp»i ial Hispatch to The Call.
NEW yORK, May 86.— Th( Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: "When you desire to re-enter
the American military lines come pre
pared for an unconditional surrender:
otherwise you will not hi; admitted."
1 am told at the War Department
that this, in substance, is th-' parting
message Apuinaldo's peace envoys, so
called, received when they left the Am
i rican Peace Commissioners to return
to Aguinaldo's headquarters. Our C<>m
missioners, if they haw not already,
will receive instructions to adhere to
this decision.
The foolhardiness of further neeotia
tions with the irresponsible leaders of
the defiant rebels is at last fully ap
preciated by administration officials.
The Insurgents must be whipped into
submission. The President, 1 am told,
i^ now of this opinion. He regrets that
he is unable to share in the optimistic
opinion of Mr. Schurman, chairman of
the commission, that th^ so-called en
voys will speedily come back to accept
in full our own terms.
Mr. Schurman expresed similar views
immediately after the first correspond
ence more than three weeks ago. and
thereby caused the President to fall
Into the mistake of anticipating peace
at once.
The fact that the authorities have
again t: ken up the question of send
ing additional troops to the Philippines
is a pretty good indication that they
consider the recent peace negotiations
a failure. I understand that the Twen
ty-fourth infantry (colored) has been
Blated for service in the Philippines in
addition to those previously decided
upon. Other regiments are also being
talked of.
ADDITIONAL TROOPS TO
BE SENT TO MANILA
WASHINGTON, May 26. - Additional
troops are to be sent to Manila in accord
ance with the War Department's policy
oi relieving the volunteer regiments as
litiously as circumstances will p> r
mit. Serious doubt it> entertained, how
<v. r. by some of the highest officials
whether it will be nracticable to muster
all volunteers out in view of the latest
developments. Receni instructions from
the War Department provide for the ciis
jatch of several reguiar regiments from
Francisco, the next to depart being
thr Ninth infantry, to be followed by the
first body of men next reaching the coast.
The question of garrisoning posts at
home is becoming a serious one, and
should all the volunteers in Manila be
mustered out on returning home, as they
are promised, the authorities will have
scarcely enough force to care for coast
fortifications and the more important mil
itary posts. It is thought that some of
the volunteer regiments would be willing
to continue in the service if relfeved of the
hard duty at the front in the Philippines.
I'ntil recently the brunt of the fighting
has been borne by these regiments, near
ly all of which are from the far West,
and previous to the insurgent outbreak
last February they conducted the patrol
work at Manila and vicinity. It is said
by War Department officials that the reg
ulars now in the Philippines with those
under orders to go there constitute over
one-third of the full enlisted strength and
that it is neither advisable nor practica
ble to reduce the force in Cuba and Porto
Rico in order to provide more regiments
for Manila.
oaosi 01 uenerai uti? messages of late
have given comparatively encouraging re
. yet there have been no signs
nt Immediate peace in the Philippines, and
it will probably be necessary to maintain
In the island.-: for many months a consid
erable body "f troops. The return of Gen
eral Lawton'a command to Manila after
a triumphant campaign is accepted uy
many as Indicating it was useless to pur
during the present rainy
season and that to maintain the troops
ir their unhealthy surroundings and away
from their base of supplies would be to
in', ite disaster and illness.
• nil Mac Arthur's brigade is also ex
pected to !•■■ recalled soon, so that with
days or 'wo weeks it is anticipated
the greater part of our army operating
in the Held wiil go into camp at 'Maura
There are likely to be no further over
tures for peac< from the natives as ''ions
ey are noi actively pr< ssed In the
Held and rather than Burrender now it h
thought they will make the best of their
situation until the close of the rainj sea
son with a hope that there may in the
meantime be some leviopments.
The \\'::r Department baa not been ad
vised of the departure from the Philip
of any transport bearing returning
volunteer regiments. The War Depart
ment expects to be apprised of the de
parture of troops Immediately on their
netting sail for the United States.
LARGER ARMY NEEDED
IN THE PHILIPPINES
MANILA, May 20. 7:40 p. m.— The events
of the past weeks have emphasized the
ne<>d of a much larger army here, without
•which, according to th>- best authorities
in Mar.ila. it would be attempting the jm
pouible to expect to maim Kin supremacy
in the Philippine Islands. The»inadequacy
of the American forces is laid to l>e re
sponsible, for the large loss In the number
of small encounters, without material re
sults as a compensation. Most of the
fighting has been in territory which the
Americana had swept, but had been com
pelled to abandon because they could not
■pare troops to hold it.
The forces commanded by General
-Mil-Arthur and General Lawton held
two Important lines of communica
tion and commerce, the railroad to
Fernando and the Rio Gran.ie But
much of the country they have swepi '■]•
eluding Bcores of the smaller towns and
larger onfs have been left uncovered sim
ply for want of men to hold thorn, and the
insurgents have returned and are occupy
ing the towns the Americans abandoned
and are camping in the jungles and woods
outside uf others, on the watch fc-r
chances to harass the garrisons and .t
tack scouting parti"* or detached com-'
panics with greater forces. This Is the
kind of warfare they prefer to regular
battles.
Ii appears that the Filipinos who at
tacked the Third Regiment between San
Miguel and Balluag were part of Pj 0 del
Piter's army. They came fr<>m the south
across the mountains, presumably to m«ct
% wagon train which Geiniral Lawton ex- ■
DISCHARGED FROM
UNCLE SAM'S ARMY
Osca M. Welburn, fllias "Olan H-
Bedell," Will Not Go to th)e
Philippines.
TALL HEADQFARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHING-,
TON, May 26.— "01 an H. Bedell" was discharged without honor from the
army of the United States to-day by direction of the Secretary of War.
"Olan li. Bedell" is Osca M. Welburn, late Collector of [nternal Revenue,
now in the hands of the Federal authorities at San Francisco awaiting
trial for embezzlement committed while in office. Wolburn fled from Cali
fornia after his indictment by the federal Grtfnd Jury, and in Texas en
listed as a private in the regular army. He was captured at the Presidio
of San Francisco while waiting to be sent on a transport to Manila.
poctcd along the road. They also planned ;
' to capture several larpe detachments and
v • re placed in ambush at different points.
They lired from the junele at a distance
I of 200 yard? and pave the Americans one
; of the hardest fights experienced in the
campaign. The Filipinos lost more heav
ily than the Americans in all the recent
.r:ters. The insurgent generals, take
'■■ the loss of arms more to heart than they
I do the loss of men.
Foreigners who have arrived here from
i the Insurgents' country under the recent
say th< ' . meteries In
all the towns are filled with fresh graves.
1 A majority of the Filipinos wounded are ;
neglected because the insurgent hos
pitals are Inadequate, medicines are
scarce and they have few surgeons except
Spanish captives who have been Im
pressed^ ________^_ __
FASTEST MILE MADE ON
TWO-WHEELED VEHICLE
Henri Fournier On His "Infernal
Machine" Reduces the Record
to 1:32 2-5.
BALTIMORE, Md., May L'O. -Henri
Fournier, the Frenchman, and his "infer
nal machine" were the features of the
cycle meet of the National Cycling- Asso
ciation at the Hartford Avrnue Coliseum
to-night. With Henshaw on the front
seat Fournier made a mile in 1:32 --o.
which was a second and a fifth slower
than the world's record (or a two-wheel
vehicle, established by himself in Wash
ington. A spectator tapped the bell one
lap .-1;' >rt . which caused Fournier to lose
perhaps two seconds, he slowing up and
st:irtfner strain
The events were hotly contested in
heats and finals excepting the mile handi
cap, professional, which was won in hol
low style by the limit man lieeause of
the bad start made by the back mark
, men. Floyd McFarland, who is winning
■the bulk of the money at present, won
i the first prize in the two mile professional
and undoubtedly would have won the han
; dicap had he been started properly. Earl
Kiser landed second in the open and he
■ was the only one able to give McFarland
a battle. Eddie Bald acted as starter.
Attendance 4000. Summary:
1 Two-mile professional— F. A. M^Karland. San
won; Karl Kiser, Dayton, 0., second; O.
'' L. Stevens, Ottumwa, la., third. Time. 4. '7.
Half-mile, handicap, amateur— Hnrt Ripley
Princeton OB yards), won. Time, 1:02 I
One mile professional, handicap— R. A. Miller
(85 yards) won; George J. ICelfer, Chlcag
; yards), Becond; O. V. Babcock. New York (90
j yards), third. Time. I':f7.
HORRIBLE CONDITION
OF THE TOMBS PRISON
Mrs. Ruth Howard Will Tell Her Ex
perience to the Mazet
Committee.
NEW YORK, May 26.— Frank Moss,
counsel of the Mazet committee, will di
rect the attention of that body at its
next session to the condition of affairs
existing in the Tombs Prison.
Mrs. Ruth Howard, whose revelations
to the police after her arrest as an ac
complice, of the "W. B. Denning & Co."
hand of swindlers, led to their arr. ->t
and imprisonment and gained for herself
a suspension of sentence on Monday last,
was subpenaed to-night by Mr. Moss to
appear before the Mazet committee on
May 8L She will tell the story of what
she saw, heard and experienced during
the three months she was imprisoned in
the Tombs awaiting trial. Her story she
told at length to Mr. Moss to-day. He
said when he had heard it that its recital
before the legislative investigators would
stir the people of this city as few cities
have been stirred since Charles Dickens
revealed the shames and outrages suffered
in London's prisons.
There are conditions, he s^aid, perhaps
not blamable to any political party or
: men. which need only to be told
to arouse a sense of public shame that
they exist. Action is bound to follow-,
he added, that will remove this blot.
INSURANCE RATES
MAY BE REDUCED
Conflict That May Affect the Entire
Coast Is imminent at Los
Angeles.
T.OS ANGELF:S. May 26.— 1t was ru
! mored here to-day that an insurance rate
: war is imminent. Insurance men assert
I that If the war is started rates may drop
' from 25 to 50 per cent. The intimation has
| been given that the of underwriters
ii about to adopt certain instructions
which will not suit the Milwaukee Me
j chanics' Insurance Company and that this
I company will, if the rules are passed,
start the cut. I>. L. Kromwell, the agent
Of the Milwaukee Mechanics' Company.
la in the city to bring about a settlement.
"Should any measure be taken on the
lines suggested by the underwriters."
paid Mr. Bramwell to-day, "we will meet
the issue squarely. Should the board of
underwriters refuse to allow agents of
!j.,ard companies to represent non-board
companies we shall be- compelled to with
DIED RETURNING
FROM THE WAR
WHILE returning from the seat I
of battle it. the Philippine I
Islands Sergeant J. J. Hay of I
Battery A, First California I
Heavy Artillery, died on the trans- 1
port of dysentery.
While Sergeant Hay was hut 33 years ■
of age at the time of his death he is a I
veteran of two armies and comes of I
good lighting Stock. A subject of great I
Britain, he served his time in the army I
of the Queen, and was for two ye.ir^H
a corporal. His father before him had H
worn the red coat for twenty-one H
years.
Young Hay came to this country I
abut three years ago and took up hisH
residence at 17 Carolina street. HisH
frank manner and engaging waysH
earned him many friends In the P<>-H
trero. At the outbreak of hostilities I
the lighting blond in his veins show-dM
itself and he enlisted at the first op- 1
portunity. His BOldierly bearing and I
unfaltering attention to duties soon I
won him a sergeant's chevrons and I
had he remained longer at the front I
the chances are that he would have I
been advanced still further.
With his battery he went aboard th<->l
transport Portland. He was in bad I
health at the time and when the vessel I
was three days out from Manilii 1 1 ■•
succumbed to the disease which has wrought Bad havoc imong white men
stationed in the '.roplcs. Although he did noi know it at the time, his father
had passed away twclvt daya before him. A host of friends In and about
the city regret the end of a good soldier and a faithful, trustworthy friend.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 27. 1899.
draw our agents from local hoards, and
we may he compelled to carry the war
into Washington, Idaho and Montana."
DREYFUS SCORES HIS
PUBLIC PROSECUTORS
PARIS, May 26.— The Figaro pub
lishes to-day some notes written by
Dreyfus in November and December,
1894, when he was awaiting trial.
These in part are as follows:
Durinp the seventeen days following
my arrest I underwent several examina
tions. An officer came In the evenings
with his secretary, anger in his eyes and
insult on his lips. My overtasked brain
could not stand more.
I always asked what were the proofs of
the accusation, but he refused t" show
them, and said that the instrument of
my 80-called crime was a letter. Why
was l tiu; shown it? My condition be
came such that F wished" to commit Bui
cide. 1 was mad. Jn the midst of my
trouble I took my sheets and prepared
to hang myself to the window, but I re
flected thai if I did this all would think
me puilty. and that 1 must live in order
t<> cry aloud that 1 am innocent.
Dreyfus goes oa to express astonish
ment thai he should be arrested and
disarmed because experts asserted that
his writing was similar to thai <>f the
incriminating letter. Throughout the
Investigation they said tn him: "You
Rre lost. Nothing can save you." Fin
ally he was informed, he says, that he
would be sent. before a court martial.
as the presumption of guilt were suf
ficient t" warrant it. Thus the "over
whelming proofs" of the first days of
investigation had become at the end
of two months only "presumptions."
To this he replied: "1 declare that a
monstrous infamy is being committed
toward me, a nameless act of coward
ice. I have nothing to do with Investi
gating judges, but with executioners."
Scientists Talk to Farmers.
SANTA ROSA, .May 26.— Three sessions
of the- Farmers' Institute held at the
Armory Hall In this city to-day were
largely attended. A number of addresses
and lectures were given by Professors D.
T. Fowler, J. K. wickaon and Dr. Loug
bridge of the Agricultural College at
Berkeley.
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on July IS an ex
amination will be held in San Francisco
by the Board of Examiners, consisting of
H. P. Gush (chairman). H. Mahler (.secre
tary), and C. M. Sherman, for the Mint
and assay service, for mechanical trades
and skilled positions in the Mint and As
say Office:
Applicants are advised that they must fur
ntFh, in addition to filing their applications,
satisfactory evidence as to their character and
integrity.
This examination la nppn to all citizens (if the
United States who comply with the require
ments. All *uch citizens are Invited to apply.
They will be examined, graded ami eertlflea
with entire Impartiality a nd wholly without
regard to any consideration save the ability
a* shown by the grade given them in the ex
amination.
Persons deFiring- to enter this examination
should apply to the secretary of the board of
examiners at the Mint and Assay office in this
city for application blanks, which should be
properly executed and promptly riled with the
secretary of the board.
No application will be accepted after the
hour of closing business on July 1,
Trouble With a Doctor.
Mrs. Sollaine of Portecville, Tulare
County, died yesterday at the McLean
Hospital from the effects of an operation
performed at that institution, and Dr.
Hunsaker refused to sign the death certi
ficate, alleging as a reason that he did
not know the cause of the patient's death.
Coroner Hill made an investigation and
found that death was due to natural
cruises and signed the certificate, so that
the body might be buried. The husband
of the dead woman informed the Coro
ner's deputies and the undertaker that
Hunsaker wanted $25 from him, which he
refused to pay.
Bound for San Quentin.
E. Schmidt was looked up in the City
Prison last night en route to San Quenti»,
where he is to serve 4 years 11 months and
29 days for receiving stolen property
Schmidt was sentenced by Judge Noyes of
Riverside County. The peculiar sentence
is due to the fact that Schmidt pi. ,id.<l
guilty and then escaped, receiving the
maximum punishment, which is live
years. Schmidt is now sorry that ho did
n<>t stand trial, .as he believes that he
could have got off with a lighter sentence.
Smuggled Cigars Seized.
A seizure of 22i>0 Manna cigars was made
yesterday on board the American ship
Ceylon by Customs Officers Ldndquist
McGovern and Beban. The cigars were
secreted In a false locker in the captain's
cabin and in a sofa with a false bottom
The Ceylon i.s from Honolulu, where Ma'
r.ila cigars are admitted duty free \\ o
arrests were made.
Sergea J J Hay.
SPANIARDS
EVACUATE
ZAMBOANGA
Not Accomplished Without a
Hot Fight With Minda
nao Insurgents.
ANARTILLERV BATTLE
Batteries of the Filipinos Silenced
and Captured, and Losses Are
Sustained on Both Sides.
Special Dispatrh to The Call.
MANILA, May 26, 9:55 p. m.—
The Spanish general, Montero,
while on the way hither with
the Spanish garrison from Zam
boanga, on the steamer Leo
XIII, died from wounds receiv
ed in a recent engagement with
the Filipinos in Mindanao.
MADRID, May 26.— The Minister of
War, General Polavieja, has received
:i dispatch announcing the evacuation
i f Zamboanga, island of Mindanao, by
the Spanish garrison. The dispatch
further said that as the Spaniards had
declined to assent to the Filipinos' de
manda that the arms and munitions of
war should be surrendered with . the
city, fighting ensued, the Spaniards
suffering some loss.
The dispatch adds that the natives
continue bitterly opposed to the idea of
American annexation, and that the
conquest of Mindanao will prove to be
a hard task.
Following is the full text of the dis
patch which was sent by General Rios,
Spain's military representative in the
Philippines, from Manila:
Arrived hire on board the Leon XIIT. !
The occupation of the island of Jolo by
the Americans was effected without spe
cial incident. The American warships sa- ,
luted our fhig with twenty-one guns when j
II was lowered.
The Filipino batteries at Zamboanga, '
Island of Mindanao, continued to shell the
town an<l the port, causing losses in our j
garrison, but finally after a lively attack
by the Spaniards the insurgents fled.
They Buffered numerous losses. Our
losses were two officers and three soldiers
killed and nineteen soldiers wounded.
One company of our troops attacked a I
battery, which the enemy then abandoned |
and two other batteries were dismounted |
by our artillery. After this reverse the
Insurgents declared their adhesion to !
Spain and suspended hostilities.
The evacuation of Zamboanga was ac- J
complished in the most orderly way. In :
spite of a violent storm, which caused the j
loss "i" Beveral boats and the stranding 1
! the steamer Portn Rico on the enemy's j
coast, every one was safely embarked.
Two American warships were placed at !
my disposal toy the admiral, but we did
not need them. The bpanish flag was sa
luted by the guns of the American ships.
If the Minister of War does not order
t<> the contrary T shall sail for Spain on j
board the P. de Satruslegui.
The Cabinet has approved the plans
of General Rios.
HENRY CLAY CHIPMAN
DIES AT SACRAMENTO
Was Senior President of the Grand
Parlor of the Native
Souk.
SACRAMENTO, May 26.— Henry Clay
Cbipman died at his home in this city this
afternoon at the age of 46. He was one of
the best known Native Sons In the order,
and had the distinction of having been the
senior past president of Sacramento Par
lor and the senior president of the Grand
Parlor. He served a term in the Legisla
ture as an Assemblyman from one of the
city districts, and was at one time a mem
ber of the City Board of Education.
By occupation Chipman was a sign
writer, and for many years his work was
regarded as of the highest type, com
manding the admiration of his fellow
craftsmen wherever exhibited. It was in |
ihWi that Chiyman engaged himself as an
apprentice with James Calvyn, a pioneer
sign writer, whose work was seen on the j
stores of Huntington, Stanford, Crocker
and other early merchants of Sacramento,
as well as upon the floating palaces which
in those red-letter days of river travel
plied between Sacramento and San Fran
cisco. Calvyn was an artist, hut the
young man who engaged himself with
him in IM>X possessed a skill and taste
which would have brought him great
fame had he been more ambitious and I
sought the higher realm of art. With ;
Chipman sign writing became an art, and
he grew to a master of it. The imprint of
Calvyn and Chipman was to be found
underneath the lettering on every bank
window and upon every costly sign in
Northern California, and for a long time
they hold a monopoly of the business, to
which Chipman in part succeeded twelve
years ago, when Calvyn died.
t'hipman was very popular with the Na
tive Sons and in the personal walks of
life. He was a natlv* of Sacramento. His
widow, the daughter of H. Weinrelch, an
old-time merchant, survives him, as do a
daughter and two sons.
HASSALL JILTED A MAIDEN.
Romance Antedating a Recent Trag
edy at Stockton.
STOCKTON, May 26.— 1t has just come
to light that a week before the marriage
of 11. A. llassall. husband of the woman
who killed Mrs. Will Hickman and then
herself in this city recently, a Miss
Vaughn came out here from Denver to
become his wife. That was over a year
ago. He made ostensible arrangements
for the ceremony, hut while she was in
Oakland at the residence of her sister, a
married woman, Hassall went to San
Francisco and married Miss Reike, the
English girl. Miss Vaughn has not been
seen here since, and nothing further is
known of her. Hassall had written her
that he was sick and unable to come to
her, and she came here, expecting to find
him in bed. The story was learned
through a neighbor, who directed Miss
Vaughn to HassaH's house.
Eccentric Character Dead.
SALINAS, May 2ti.-Rafael Miranda,
for the past fifty-five years a resident of
this section, died at his home near Santa
Rita this morning, aged 89 years. Mi
i randa. who was a native of Lower Cali
fornia, immigrated to Monterey in 1844,
and when the American forces landed
I from Commodore Stoat's squadron in 1845
joined Lieutenant Charles Heywood's de
| tachment of California Volunteers and
; served during the entire Mexican war
i with the United States forces. He was a
j familiar and eccentric figure on the streets
of Salinas for several years past, hi?
snow-white locks and dark— almost black
—features attracting general attention.
i Miranda loaves three sons and one daugh
ter. He will be buried by the local post
[ of the Grand Army
WORLD'S LARGEST
GRAPEVINE DYING
Or)e of the Attractions of Santa
Barbara to Be Cut
Dowq.
BANTA BARBARA, May 26.— The big grapevine in the Montecito
will be cut down on Monday. This vine is the largest of its kind in the
world, and no tourist considers his visit to Santa Barbara complete
without having seen it. It is known the world over. The trunk is over
four feet in circumference and the trellis 75 feet square.
Albert Magee, its owner, is satisfied that the vine is dying, and so
has decided to destroy it. The vine is supposed to be from 75 to 100
years old. There is no definite record of its planting, but the cutting
was set by a Mr. Robles.
Its history is interesting. The original vine, which was taken up
after its death and carried to Philadelphia in 1876 as an exhibit at the
Centennial Exposition, was a cutting from a Mission grape. It had
been used as a riding whip by some senorita who came to visit the Robles
home either from Ventura or Carpinteria. She planted the cutting
with her own hands and it took root and grew undisturbed for years.
From the thrifty young vine the Robles family took another cut
ting and planted it near the first. The soil and other conditions were
extraordinarily favorable, and both vines grow to enormous size.
The trunk will be on exhibition at the Chamber of Commerce.
OCCUPIES RABBI
FIBBER'S PULPIT
Genti c Pastor Preaches
In a Synagogue.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, May 26.— Rev. Reuben H.
Sink, pastor of the First Congregational
Church, delivered the sermon to-night at
the regular Friday evening service in the
Jewish synagogue. The Christian minis
ter was introduced to the congregation
by Rabbi Farber in an address which
was not less significant of the trend of
liberal ideas than was the presence of
the minister in a Jewish place of wor
ship. •
"Judaism accepts all truth from where- !
soever it comes," said the rabbi. "Preju- i
dice and superstition must eventually go
down before the irresistible march of
enlightened thought and modern frater
nity. Since my arrival- in this city I have
endeavored not only to be a teacher to
my people, but to meet with those of all
persuasions and enter into the life of
the community. I was gratified to soon j
be able to establish pleasant and helpful
relations with the Ministerial Associa
tion of this city. We exchanged our ]>ri
vate views and often find them to be In
harmony. J have, my people, taken a new !
departure in inviting a representative of j
another congregation to speak here this
evening, and 1 esteem it an unusual pleas
ure tn present to you my friend and col
league, Rev. Mr. Sink."
"It is a pleasure for me to be here, and
I feel that I can indorse the kind senti
ments expressed by your rabbi." said Dr.
Sink. "That you indulge me here speaks
your kindly feelings more than words."
I>r. Sink said he would base his remarks
on Kxodus 111:15, wherein the Almighty de
clared himself to be the God of Abraham,
Isaac and Jacob. The speaker referred
to a visit to Egypt, and how, when he
stood at the Pyramids, it had occurred to
him that the great wonders had been
reared in the gronns of oppressed Israel,
cemented with their life's blood and
washed by their tears. He traced the
history of the Jewish people and spoke of
the distinctive features in the relations
between the three patriarchs and God. To
Abraham he was a God of youth, leading
and directing the founder of Israel when
he went into a strange land. Isaac's re
lations were those of a home builder, and
upon his marriage and life he invoked the
blessing of the Most High. To Jacob God
was a help in time of wrestling and dis
tress.
Dr. Sink said what humanity, regard
less of creed, needed was a personal fjtod.
such as was the one of the patriarchs —
a God of youth, a God of marriage, and
a God of aid in time of distress. The
common father should he set up in the
heart to the exclusion of all else. It would
make better men. better homes and a
happier people. He hoped God would be
exalted in every life, and his reign be
complete in the daily walks of every aud
itor before him.
The only direct reference to Christ was
at the close, when he spoke of the great
example of one whom he believed to be
the Incarnation of God upon earth.
The best families of the city were rep
resented in the congregation, and wide
spread attention will doubtless be at
tracted by the event. Rabbi Farber will
speak in Dr. Sinks's church on Sunday
evening.
PIERCE FOR PRINCIPAL.
Re-elected by the Los Angeles Nor-
mal School Board.
LOS ANGELES, May 26.— The new
board of directors of the State Normal
School in Los Angeles met this afternoon
at the school building and organized. Di
rector N. P. Conrey was elected chairman
of the board and Professor Pierce, princi
pal of the school, was elected secretary
The by-laws of the preceding board wire
adopted. Professor Pierce was elected
principal of the school for a term of four
years. There was some talk of increas
ing the salary to $3600, but the action was
not taken. The annual meeting of the
board will be held on Saturday, June 10,
at 3 p. ir... and on June 22 the school will
close for the year.
CHICO, May 26.— The newly appointed
Board of Trustees of the Chico Normal
School met this morning. Those present
were F. C. Lusk and T. H. Barnard of
Chico, Richard Belcher of Marysville,
Frank D. Ryan of Sacramento, Clifford
Cogglns of Igerna and State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction Kirk. The board
organized by electing F. C. Lusk per
manent chairman and Richard Belcher
permanent secretary. Chairman Lusk
and Trustees Belcher and Barnard were
appointed delegates to the meeting of
the joint board of Normal Trustees in
Los Angeles about July 14. Belcher and
Barnard were elected to serve with
Chairman Lusk as an executive commit
tee.
AUSTRIA'S POLITICAL CRISIS.
gwo Cabinets Expected to Resign
Next Week.
VIENNA, May 26.— The political crisis
arising out of the Ausgleich, the agree
ment under which the cost of the ad
ministration of common affairs in the
Austro-Hungarian monarchy is borne by
both parties in a proportion agreed upon
from time to time between the two Par
liaments, is intense, and both the Aus
trian and Hungarian Cabinets are expect
ed to resign next week.
In Czech circles the Cabinet of Count
yon Thun-Hohenstein Is considered al
ready fallen, although the reports of his
resignation are not confirmed.
It is expected that a new Cabinet will
be formed to carry out the Ausgleich, and
that after this question is settled it will
be replaced by a Ministry of the Right.
Crusade Against Saloons.
LOS ANGELES. May 25.— A movement
is on foot in this city which is intended
to be the start of a crusaue against the
saloon element. The idea was conceived
two months ago when Rev. Thomas Pen
ury in an address before the ivos An
geles Ministerial Union pointed out a
course and was requested to begin for
mulating a plan of procedure. The Young
Men's Christian Association, the Minis
terial Union and the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union became Interested. A
committee is now engaged in preparing
a circular statement and programme of
the movement, which will be distributed
within a day or two.
MUSTERING OUT
THE CUBAN ARMY
Distribution of Gratuity
Begins To-Day.
HAVANA, May 26.— The distribution of
the $3,000,000 which the United States Gov
ernment has offered as a gratuity to the
Cuban troops on disbanding and surren- j
dering their arms will begin at 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning at tho foot of the
Prado. There are only 400 Cubans on the
rolls for Havana, and Lieutenant Colonel
George M. Randall, the commissioner su
perintending the distribution here, does
not expect any trouble.
At a meeting of the Veterans of ]nde- |
pendence last night, which was largely j
attended, a resolution declaring against
either giving up arms or accepting money j
from the United States was carried unani- j
mously.
In accordance with this action Colonel j
Nunez began to disband his followers to- |
day. 800 men being billeted among the
towns of Pinar del Rio province. The j
first brigade, 400 infantry and 500 cavalry, •
are under orders to mustnr out on May ]
31. The second brigade, V 47 cavalry and ;
300 infantry, will begin to muster out to- .
morrow. Four regiments which Colonel '
Illeras has quartered near San Antonio
de Los !'..ns"s. with eighty cavalrymen,
will be mustered out next Monday.
The Cubans arc attempting to form a
club composed of all the Government em
ployes, with a view to a contribution of
a percentage of salaries to a general fund
for the relief of the necessities of ex
soldiers.
SANTA FE DISASTER.
Four Men Seriously Injured in a
Wreck at Gallup.
GALLUP, N. Mex., May 26.— The Santa
Fe Pacific westbound passenger train No.
1 ran into some coal cars on the west
switch here this morning at 3 o'clock,
overturning an engine standing on the
sidetrack and piling up the tender and
mail car opposite. The baggage car and
day coach were damaged. The engine is
a total wreck.
The injured are: Engineer Norman,
skull fractured, serious; Fireman Swear
inger. badly bruised; — Graves, repre
sentative of a boiler compound firm, rid
ing on engine, one arm broken; unknown
man riding on the blind baggago car, foot
cut off, bruised, probably will die.
BIG MORTGAGE TILED.
Spring Valley Water Company's
Four-Million Dollar Instrument.
SAN JOSE, May 26.— The biggest mort
gage ever filed in this county went on rec
ord with Recorder Owen this morning, li
is given by the Spring Valley Water Com
pany of Sun Francisco to the I'nion Trust
Company of that city and the sum is
$4.000,0(W. The mortgage was issued last
year and at that time filed in San Fran
cisco. The company owns lands in this
county back of Mount Hamilton and that
J£ y tne instrument was recorded here.
The holdings embrace an excellent water
supply. Some $2000 in revenue stamps were
required on the filing of the original doc
ument.
Failure of a Water Company.
BUTTE. Mont.. May 26*— The Butte
"Water Company was to-day placed in the
hands of a receiver by Judge Knowles on
the application of the Massachusetts Loan
and Trust Company, holder of $2,000,000 in
bonds upon which ,the water company de
faulted. It is understood that a reorgani
zation of the company is to be made by
the parties interested in the Amalgamated
Copper Company, the trust which has
acquired nearly all the big copper mines
in Butte, and that of the water company
will be made one of the assets of the copp
er trust.
Steamship Company Organized.
AUSTIN. Texas, May 26.— The charter
of the International Trading Company,
with a capital stock of $100,000. was filed
in the Secretary of State's office to-day.
The purpose of the company is to estab
lish and operate a new line of steamers
between Port Arthur. Texas, and Euro
pean and South American ports. The
principal stockholders are Edward Wag
"er. of Berlin, Germany, and Jasques T.
Nolthenius of Kansas City, Mo.
Deadly Feud in Texas.
AUSTIN. Texas, May 26.-The detach
ment of State rangers sent to Columbus.
Texas, a few days ago to suppress a
threatened battle between two political
factions, has disarmed every man In the
town and controls the situation. All busi
ness Is suspended and the leaders of the
feud assert that hostilities will be renewed
the moment the rangers are withdrawn.
A number of citizens of the town -have
already been killed as a result of the
feud.
Will Have a Tug-of-War.
MARYSVILLE. May 26.— A feature of
Hermann's Sons' picnic, which will be
held at Shelton's Grove one week from to
morrow, will be a tug of war between
teams composed of Hermann's Sons on
one side and the Marysville Turn Verein
on the other. Considerable interest is be
ing taken in the approaching contest.
Delegations will be present from Nicolas,
Woodland and Sacramento lodges.
Carload of Fruit Sold.
SACRAMENTO. May 26.— A single car
load of California fruit, mostly cherries,
with some apricots, etc., shipped from
Suisun in C. F. X. car No. 19.426 on May
11. was just sold in New York for over
$4500 gross. This car wil. net the growers
in California, after deducting freight, re
frigerator and other expenses, about
$4000.
Invests in New York Realty.
NEW YORK, May 26.— D. O. Mills has
bought the entire block fronting on Fifth
avenue, between One hundred and Fourth
and One Hundred and Fifth streets, to
gether with five adjoining lots. Mr. Mills
said this evening he had purchased the
property as an Investment.
Government Relief Not Needed.
VICTORIA. B. C May 26.— D. L. Dun
brack, who arrived from Alaska to-night,
says the reported distress among pros
pectors at Dease Lake is not so serious as
to require Government relief.
CRISPI AROUSES
IRE OF DEPUTIES
Uproar in the Italian
Chamber.
REFERSTO MENELIK'SVICTORY
FORMER PREMIER ATTEMPTS TO
EXPLAIN.
When the Rout at Erythrea Is Men
tioned the Din Becomes So Gr,eat
That the Session Has to
Be Suspended.
Special Dlspati h to The Call.
ROME. May 26.— Former Premier Crispl
in the Chamber ol D< putlea to-day asked
for permission to explain the circum
stances leading to the Italian rout in
Erythrea. iiis remarks led to an im
ni'iise uproar, during which anathemas
■were hurled indiscriminately and the din
became so great that the session was sus
pended. After its resumption there was a
repetition of the ■
Signor Ferry, Socialist, accused General
Barratieri. who commanded the Italian
forces in Erythrea, of having fled and left
his troops in the lurch. Ferry refused to
withdraw his accusation and in the midst
of indescribable uproar the House ad
journed.
The rout In Erythrea *ref era to the defeat of
the Italian urmy ci mmanded by General Bar
ratlerl at Adowa, the Indian East At'ii'-an oni
ony, in March, L 896. The exact number of men
killed or made prle nera on that occasion has
not been made public, but the Italian War
Office irlng the exciting scenes which
■ 1 Italy's reverse In the Chamber of
• - admitted that about 12,000 native Ital
ian troops were engaged, In addition to some
7000 auxiliaries, an. l that about ln't officers
; and .', r.en were killed by the forces of King
: Menelik of Abyssinia, in addition it is known
! that a large number of Italians were nwle
prisoners. Some reports at that time had it
that the Italians lost about 10,000 men in killed
and wounded, in addition to losing five pieces
of artill.-ry and their ammunition and wagon
trains.
j General Barratieri, who commanded the Ital
i iau troops at Adowa, was the farmer (sovernor
; threa. He was tried by court-martial
and acquitted of having attacked the Abyesin
i ians from inexcusable motives, under clrcum
! stances rendering defeat inevitable, and of hay
! ing abandoned the chief command of the troops
at 12:3" o'clock un March 1 until 'J o'clock
: March .1. thereby failing to give the orders re
| quired, lessening the consequences of the de
\ feat.
The advocate general, in his address for the
j prorecution at the time of the court-martial.
: demanded that the general be sentenced to ten
j years' confinement in :i fortress.
Signor Crispl was Premier at the time of this
j disaster to the Italian arms and a great deal
Icf the odium fell upon him. His resignation
was a :ce»>ted on March -i. 1898, after a com
j mittee of the Chamber of Deputies had re
i rr-cnmmendinK "political censure" for
his connection with ihp Bank of Naples scan
. dais during hi? Premiership.
CRASHES INTO A FREIGHT.
South-Bound California Express in a
Wreck Near Oregon City.
OREGON CITY, May 26.— A serious ac
cident was narrowly averted to-night on
the Southern Pacific near this city. The
south-bound California express train ran
into the rear section of a freight train
on a trestle near here and demolished the
caboose and three freight cars. The
freight engine was unable to pull the
train up the grade and left one section
behind. Before the- engine returned the
freight cars started down grade and col
lided with the passenger train, the engine
of which was slightly damaged. No one
was hurt. :■ , ..'.
Slayer of Harris Captured.
ASH FORK. Ariz.. May 26.— Sheriff
Munds of Prescott, with Deputy Sheriffs
Foley and Marsh, arrived to-day from
Winslow with Amador Lucero, the Mexi
can charged with the murder of Section
Foreman Harris here. The prisoner ad
mits that he burned his clothing near
Harris' cabin, but denies that he mur
dered Harris. He was taken to Prescott
BOOH after making this confession to
night, as the feeling is very strong
against him. The officers are satisfied
they have the man who murdered Harris
in order to rob him of his possessions.
' 'The Milt Cannot Grind
with Water That's Past"
This is what a fagged out,
tearful little woman said in
telling her cares and 'weak-
nesses* Her friend encouraged
by telling of a relative who
had just such troubles and was
cured by Hood' Sarsaparilla.
£ The little woman now has tears of joy,
for she took Hood's, which put her blooa
in prime order, and she lives on the
strength of the present instead of worry-
: ing about that of the past.
Stomach Trouble— was ran
down and suffered severely from stomach
complaint. I used Hood's SarsaparilU
and have had no trouble since." Mrs.
Jane A. Ford, Walworth, &C Y.
Blood Disorders —My step-daugh-
ter and I have both been troubled greatly
with blood disorders and stomach troubles,
and several bottles of Hood's SarsaparilU.
; have been of great benefit." James F.
Thompson, Wilmington, Ohio.
Hood'a Fills cure liver Ills ; the nonlrrltatlns and
only cathartic to take with Hoodl SarsaparilU.
tFINE TAILORING
tL FINE TAILORING
&&k PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
f' ifftm WORKMANSHIP, at
tfMfffiPP 25 P er cenl *- ess than Other .
Wmßffii Tailors Charge, Go tc
W JOE POHEIM
/Wm All Wool Suits to &\f%  «tnr
I I 1 Order from 4) I L $00
I II Puts from.'. $4 to slo
M^Ctf— J|L 20! and 203 Montgomery St.,
1 1 1 1 0 and 1 1 12 Market St., S.F.
485 »4th Street, Oakland, Cal. >=;^
SWEET y^
RESTFUL Woodbury's .KM
SLEEP Facial Soap
Follows a bath with WOODBURY'S Facial
Soap, and the face, neck and arms and hand!
rendered beautifully white, soft and smooth
with WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. For ami*
; everywhere.TORRES AND
HIS TROOPS
RECALLED
Nicaragua Has Raised the
State of Siege in Blue
fields.
YIELDS TO DEMANDS
Honduras Is Also B.ing Brought to
Terms by the Firm Stand of
the Un ted States.
Special Cable to Thf> rail and the New York
Herald Copyrighted, 1899, by James Oor-
Bennett.
♦ PANAMA. Colombia, May 26.— ♦
♦ The Herald's correspondent in -f
♦ Managua telegraphs that the -f
♦ Government has raised the Ftate ■♦•
♦ of Biege in Bluefielda and Gen- ♦
♦ eral Torres and his troops have -f
♦ been recalled. -f
NEW YoKK. .May 26.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: r l'li>- Blueflelds dispute 'and
Pears case is bringing Nicaragua and
luras t'< terms. Minister Merry has
Informed t in ■ state Department that
the Nicaraguan Government has re-
General Torres from command
of th.> Department of lSluefields, and
that he understands the Managua au
thorities will 11"! press American mer
chants for double payment of duties as
originally exai I
Honduras is still trying to secure ar
tion of the Pears case, and to this
«nd has enlisted the good offices of
Guatemala, which has urged th-^
United States not to be harsh with her
üblic. This Government re
■ ■••inly refused arbitration when sug-
I by the Honduras Government,
Btructions sent to Minister
Hunter will cause him t.i persist in his ]
ief\:> ■ tinue t" press the de- i
I for indemnity of $10,000 for
I'rank Pears of Pittsburg, who was j
by Honduran soldiers. f
General Ton ra.l is the result
ntatiens made by Minister
Merry, complaining of the harsh treat
'■ meriean citizens in
Bluefields by that official Both Minis
ter Merry and Minister Hunter have
it plain t<> the Nicaraguan and
Honduran authorities that the
United States has grown tired nf the
ued persecutions of American
citizei
Now that the Bluefields trouble has
I ii disposed of, I understand the De
troit will I>>- ordered north Immediately
upon t ho Vixen's arrival. The Vixen
will remain in Central American
waters to protect American interests
until the department has fitted up and
averted yacht to relieve her.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Assistant Surgeon Purviance Will
Accompany Major Ray to the
Alaska Station.
WASHINGTON, May 26.— The special
between Kenllworth and
Carl! nty, ( lal., will i i
May 3L The name of the
• North Temescal, Alameda
.; changed to Alden.
Army orders: By direction or the Sec
retary of War. Captain William B. Purvi
assistant surgeon United States
army, will B "rancisco and
■: not later than Jun<
SI fter, commanding the De
lifornia and Columbia for
to duty, to accompany Major
!'. Henry Ray. I p nited States in
fantry, to Wb station in Alaska.
or William L Alexander, commis
t subsistence. United States army,
will proceed from Washington, I>. C, to
on official business per
taining to the Inspection
to be shipped to .San Frani
The following changes In the stations
■ "ffkvrs vi the medical de
partment are orde.r< d :
• :ain William H. Wilson, assistant
on, is relieved from further duty at
ispital, Fort Monroe, Va.,
s m Francisco and re
port tv Genera] E r assignment to
duty. Acting Assistant Surgeon Robert
H. Zauner is relieved From further duty
and will proci
San Francisco md repori for assignment
to duty.
private em Alien, • ompany ti, 1 wenty
fourth I'nit'-'i States infantry. now at
Francisco, will be dis
charged the service of the United States
imandlng officer of his station.
Recruit Neel P. Akers, general sei
Presidio of San Francisco, is transferred
(-■ a Becond class private to the signal
and will report to the cummaniiins
Dej ■ ■ ment of < !alifornia, who
• irnish him transportation to the
Philippines.
First Lieutenant Powell C. Fauntleroy,
mt surgeon, United States army, is
d from further duty at the general
Sai a nn. i h, Ga., and will pro
. Francisco and repori for as
■ . duty. First Lieutenant Clyde
1 Ft ■ tant surgeon, will pr<
From Camp " i Ban Francisco and
: ■ port for a I to duty.
Captain James B. Erwln, Fourth I'nited
Is relieved from duty at
Yellowstone, Wyo., and will pro
. ,-,i :•■ | 'residio of San Fran
• . th< C >minandiiig ofll
hls regiment for duty as adjutant.
John Hagany. Battery D,
Third \ rt j 1 l«-r>-. now at San \
1., is transferred as a
i hi- signal corps. He
will >>■ sent to San Francisco ana will re
port v I to the commanding
of California, who
will ( tra nsportation to the
Phllippini . Recruit Olan 11. Bedell, now
in the hand vil authorities, will
be discharged without honor from the
Horvic< States by the com
manding ofl Pr< sidio of San
Francisco. Recruit Bert E. Wymer, unas
signed, Eighteenth ['nited Btatefl Infan
i of San Francisco, hay-
I ilse pretenses, will
be discharged without honor froni the
Hervice of thi United States by the oom
mandinc officer- ot thai nrmi
PARISHIONERS DEFIANT
Bishop Jannesen Gives Them Three
Days' Further Time.
ST. LOUIS, May 26. Bishop Jann&n
has given the parishioners of St Pat
rick's Church in Easl St. Louis time days
more In which to a< pi Father Cluse as
their pastor.
"The parishioners of St. Patrick's
Church will accept Father Cluse or none
other," said Bishop Jannsen to-day
To-day the scenes in St. Patrick's
Church of the two previous da.\s when
r Downey attempted to read the
communication from the Bishop to the
people were re-enacted. Every pew In the
church was filled and many women cried
at the conclusion of the service.
The parishioners say they will never
submit to the appointment and will agree
to having the church closed up before
they will submit.
Hermann Sons' Picnic.
WOODLAND, May Z6.— The order of
Hermann Sons will hold a bis celebration
in < 'oil's Grove on Sunday. An excursion
will be run from Sacramento.
ROSA BONHEUR, GREAT ARTIST, IS DEAD
One of Rosa Bonheur's Greatest Productions, the Companion Piece to' The Horse
Fair," INoya/ in the INe\A/ York Museum, for \A/HicH Cornelius Vanderbilt
Raic^ $53,500 at the Stewart Sale.
FONTAINEBLEAU, France, May ">J.
—Rosa Bonheur died at 11 o'clock last
niKht.
Man- Rosalie Bonheur, the eminent
paint* r of animals, whose pictures are
widely known in Europe and America.
was born at Bordeaux, March 22. L 822.
She was a pupil of her father, Raymond
TRIES TO SLAY
AN AGED WOMAN
A Rejected Suitor At
tempts Murder.
;.,! DtspatcD to The Call.
SAN DJEGO. May 20.— At Coronado
early this morning Benedict Bergmann at
tempted to murder Miss Elizabeth Breck
ley and then made an effort to kill him
s . if. a knife was Bergmann's weapon.
The crime was urinated by the refusal
of Miss Breckley, who is about 50 years
old. to marry Bergmann. He is 40 years
old, and until recently was employed by
the Coronado lee Company.
The attempted murder and suicide were
committed in the Orange Avenue lodging
house about 3 o'clock this morning. The
building had been occupied by Miss
Breckley for the past four or five years
as a rooming house and at the time of the
• .. . were only two lodgers in
the rooms— Bergmann and George B. Mil
ler, an engineer at the electric light works
oronado Hotel. According to the
statement made by Miss Breckley to City
Marshal J. H. Hartupee of Coronado. who
was first summoned by Miller, the would.
be murderer broke in the door leading to
hei room. When he gained admission he
rushed to her bedside and, throwing back
the bedclothes, stabbed her In the region
of the heart.
The weapon used by Bergmann was an
ordinary pocketknife with a blade about
Inches long. Possibly believing that
•ai> would prove fatal be left the
room. Miss Breckley called for help in
the hope of arousing Miller, but he is
deaf and was not awakened by her cries.
With almost superhuman effort Miss
Breckley found her way downstairs, and,
opening tin- front door, called for help.
hut there was no response. She returned
ti the house and succeeded In arousing
Miller. who had slept undisturbed
throughout the tragedy. Miller summoned
■ mcc. Marshal Hartupee was .he
lirst to arrive on the scene and a lew
minutes later Dr. Edwards was in attend
ance on Miss Breckley. By this time the
unfortunate woman v.as in a critical con
dition from the loss of blood and there
\>as little hope entertained for her recov
ery.
Marshal Hartupee's first effort was to
find the would-be murderer. Going to the
room occupied by Bergmann he found the
door locked. The door was burst open
and there, lying on his couch, partly
dressed, was Bergmann, blood streaming
from a gash in the 1. ft side of his neck.
j :.. knife with which he had hoped to
take Miss Breckley's life and his own
lay by the bedside.
At the request >f County Physician
Gochenauer, Bergmann was taken to the
County Hospital. An examination showed
that in addition to an ugly gash in the
throat and a stab In the region <>f the
heart there were ■ i^ht stabs about the
stomach. Late to-night he was resting
easily, but Dr. Qochenauer has only
slight hopes of liis reef. very.
Miss Breckley, though suffering greatly,
is expected to re<
HONORS FOR THE DEAD.
How the Garden City Will Observe
Memorial Day.
SAN JOSi:. May 26.— The Memorial day
celebration will eclipse .-ill previous efforts
of the eitiezns and old soldiers in this
city to honor the nation's dead. It will
be in the nature of an all-day affair, 'i he
morning will be given over to a decoration
of the jrraves of the dead. In the after
noon there will be literary exercises at
Victory Theater and in tin- evening Gen
eral Shafter will deliver an address.
At the afternoon exercises Rev. Alfred
Kummer will offer a prayer. Miss Ma
( umber will recite a poem and addresses
will bo delivered by Hon Frank McGowan
and Senator C. M. Shortridge. The pro
gramme will be of a similar nature in the
evening, except Rev. Captain T. Harris
Maromber of the Presidio will offer the
Invocation and General VV. li. Shafter, in
troduced by Senator Morehouse, will de
liver the address. Mrs. A. A. Stowe is
down for a poem.
Schooner Decoy Aground.
SEATTLE, May 26.— The steam schoon
. r Decoy, making her fir i trip from San
Francisco to Grays Harbor, ran upon the
mud Hats to-day at the mouth of the
Ho<iuiam River. The master has hopes
that she will float off at high tide.
DINNER SET DAY.
Some Bets cut bo per ceni.
Some sets cut 50 per cent.
It 7. r .. $4 X, «.' BE. $f> 25, VR» per set
ODDS. AND KtTDB, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1899.
"CO/VYING HO/WE FROM THE FAIR."
Bonheur, and began her studies by
copying pictures in the Louvre. She
first attracted public notice by the ex
hibition of two pictures at Bordeaux
in IS4I, and has since then produced a
large number of works which have
placed her in the front rank of artists
in the field t" which she devoted her
DEADLOCK AS TO
BOUNDARY DISPUTE
No Development in the
Canada Controversy.
Specla! Dispatch to Ttu> Call.
NEW YORK. May 26.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: See
r-tary Hay said to-day there were no
new developments in regard to the ne
gotiations looking to a recall of the
Joint High Commission for a settle
ment of all pending questions between
this country and Canada.
This is taken to mean that the dead
lock over the American boundary dis
pute continues. The United States
seems firm in its refusal to separate the
boundary dispute from other pending
questions and to submit it to arbitra
tion as proposed by Great Britain.
Dispatches from Kmbassador Choate
Indicate a willingness on the part of
the British authorities to have the
whole subject come up before the Joint
High Commission again, but the For
eign Office seems to be withholding
final decision on account of the atti
tude of Canada in demanding that a
certain portion of the concession be
made before the question of boundary
lin<- gees to arbitration.
BRITISH PAPERS PLEAD
FOR ARBITRATION
LONDON, May 27.— The morning papers
discuss the future of the Anglo-American
commission, with an apparent desire to
pacify both Canada and the United States,
though strongly disinclined to give the
colony any lack of moral support.
The Daily Chronicle says: "The whole
boundary dispute is small, but there is
much reason to fear that the lumber
Quarrel, the other cause of friction, has
produced a needlessly hostile temp, r be
iv..een Canada and Washington. Both
sides appear to be thinking of perpetual
retaliations and reprisals. Such a state
of things is full of evil. As the com
mittee affords an opportunity to give
and take, it is urged that a settlement
should be achieved. Should this fail and
should the Nicaraguan arrangements also
fail a very unpleasant reaction might en
sue. A return to any unfriendly temper
between the two branches of the Anglo-
Saxon race would be a disaster to every
one and above all to Canada herself."
The Daily Mail says: "It is obviously
unfair for the United States to expect
the British Empire to do all the giving,
and America to do all the taking. This
is a form of diplomacy to which we are
painfully accustomed in our dealings will
a certain power in the Far East. What
America seeks is an annulment of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty, and Canada
presses for a decision regarding the Alas
kan frontier, which is of vital interest to
her. If arbitration can anywhere be em
ployed here is the place, and no oppo
sition to it would come from Great Brit
ain or Canada, for we are conlident of
the justice of our claims."
i)e Carlo Must Serve Time.
WOODLAND. May 86.— Walter de Carlo,
who has been confined in the County Jail
for a year and a half awaiting the de
cision of the Supreme Court on his ap
peal from the lower court from convic
tion on a charge of perjury, has received
a letter from his attorney. Charles T.
Jones of Sacramento, informing him
briefly that the Supreme Court has af
firmed the decision of the lower court,
which means that he will have to go to
the prison at Folsom and serve eight
years, which sentence was pronounced by
the lower court shortly after conviction. !
Was a Woodland Resident.
WOODLAND. May 2*;.— Robert Nether
eott, who died of apoplexy in the Asylum
for tin- Insane at Napa on Thursday
night, was for many years a prominent
business man of this city, and served a
term .us a member of the City Board of
Trustees.
Chinese Burned to Death.
PORTERVIL,LE, May 26.— Fire de
stroyed the local Chinatown to-night.
Quong Hung, in trying to save money he
had placed in a cellar, lost his life. The
body has not yet been recovered. The
loss is about $.jO(Kj, no insurance.
First-class bathhouse and barber shop.
Brodck's, 1 226 Powell street •
self. She received a first-class medal
at the Paris Salon in 184S; was ex
empted by a sp. <-ia! decree In L 853 from
having her works passed upon by the
Salon jury; received a first-class medal
at the Paris Exposition in 1865. and the
Legion of Honor in 186f>. "The Horse
Fair," painted in 185;!. is perhaps I
ENGLISH BUTLERS
Arrest of Young Men for
Daring Theft.
Si", I— Dispatch to The Call.
NKW YORK, May 26.— George Hird,
32 years old, and Robert "Wright. 20
years old, two English butlers, were
arrested this morning by Brooklyn de
tectives for being concerned in the
theft of $10,000 worth of diamonds from
M rs. Thomas E. Stillman, wife of
Thomas E. Stillman of the law firm of
Stillman & Hubbard. Stillman's
daughter, Miss Mary Stillman, was
presented to the Queen at a recent
drawing room.
About the middle of March Mr. and
Mrs. and Miss Stillman went to Eu
rope, leaving their residence in charge
of the servants, among whom were the
two men who were arrested this morn-
Ing. In a safe in the Stillman house
Mrs. Stillman put about $10,000 worth
of diamonds when she went to Europe.
She and her husband returned home on
May 2, and a few days later Mrs. Still
man went to the safe to get some of the
jewelry. She found that a number of
diamonds and ather precious stones
valued at about $10,000 had been stolen.
Captain Reynolds of the Brooklyn de
tective force was notified, and he and
the detectives worked on tho rase.
Yesterday afternoon Wright went to
Mrs. Stillman and handed her a clover
leaf diamond pin, valued at $2500, which
he said he had found in the parlor.
Mrs. Stillman was delighted to get this
pin and believed Wright's story. A
little later Wright again went to Mrs.
Stillman and handed to her an unset
pearl, an unset diamond and a $o gold
piece, all of which he averred had been
found by him in the parlor.
Mrs. Stillman then remembered that
in the list of jewelry she had furnished
the police there were no pearls men
tioned. She went again to the safe and
found that more jewelry had been
taken since Wednesday. The detectives
went to the house and arrested the two
butlers.
The police announced this afternoon
that they had recovered $5000 worth of
the missing diamonds.
PUTS A CHECK ON
RIVER IMPROVEMENTS
Attorney General Ford's Opinion
Means a Serious Loss
to the State.
WOODLAND, May 28.— 1f the opinion
rendered by Attorney General* Ford in
relation to the office or Commissioner of
Public Works is upheld by the courts the
effect will be to stop any further river
improvement until there can be further
legislation. This will be a serious loss to
the interests concerned, as there still re
mains more than $180,000 in the fund ap
propriated by the State f, )r river improve
ment, and the auditing hoard and Com
missioner had much important work In
view. The work already accomplished
has been generally indorsed and com
mended. To stop the work at this time
will not only be a serious detriment to
the State, but may result in impairing
the efficiency of that already completed
Commissioner Leake says that his views
have not been correctly quoted. He has
DO doubt that the claims which have been
regularly and legally incurred can and
will be paid. Neither has he any doubt
that the auditing board is authorized to
complete all contract work now under
way. When such contracts are finished
its functions will probably cease until
there is some legislative action.
Two eminent lawyers have advised him
that he still holds the office of Commis
sioner of Public Works by virtue of an
unexpired commission issued by Gover
,nor Budd, and by reason of the invalidity
of an amendment to the law which creat
ed the office. The beneficial results that
have followed the completion of the jetty
system, the easement and the "cut-offs"
iri the San Joarjuin River are so great and
have been so generally recognized and the
necessity that river improvement should
be continued is so urgent that he deems
it a matter of justice to himself and a
duty he owes to those who are most in
terested to take such steps as shall have
the law judicially interpreted, provided
competent legal authority holds out a
reasonable hope of success.
bi it, and is the most celebrated of her
pictun s. It was sold the A. T.
Stewart collection in New Yurk in 1887.
and presented by the purchaser. Cor
nelius Vanderbllt, to the Metropolitan
Museum, New York, where it now is.
A replica of this pic-ture, of smaller
size, in the National Galley, London,
"THE BOWERY"
LAID IN ASHES
Coney Island Property
Destroyed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK', May 26.— Coney Island
property to the value of nearly a million
dollars was destroyed by fire early this
morning-, twenty acres in the heart of the
summer resort, the district known as
"the Bowery," being reduced to ashes.
The 200 buildings burned were located
between the Bowery and the ocean, Til
yous walk on the west and the old iron
pier on the east. These buildings ranged
iti size and importance from a wabbly
bath "na*ilion" to the handsome five
story Hygel Hotel, including theaters,
concert balls, dance pavilions, stores of
various kinds, restaurants and hotels of
every grade. The fire made shelterless
for a time a native and transient popula
tion of about 3500, including 500 men and
Women classed as comedians and sou
brettes employed in the district, and si
lenced no less than 100 pianos which have
for years assisted in merrymaking at
Coney Island.
At ;> o'clock the firemen were called out
and extinguished a blaze in a cottage.
Half an hour later they were called out
for a second Ore.
Additional alarms followed in quick suc
cession until twenty engines, some from
as far away as South Brooklyn, were
called. In ten minutes after the second
fire started th« whole Bowery district
was in wild alarm. The thousands im
mediately threatened rushed out attired
as they slept. They were quickly joined
by the entire native and over-night popu
lation of the island, some 10,000, whose
eager interest hampered the firemen. It
was seen that the firemen had determined
to make the Bowery the fighting line, and
then, the last hope of those south of the
Bowery that any of their houses might
be saved being gone, a pellmoll rush for
salvage or- plunder took place. Scores of
thieves broke through the fife lines and
entered the district from the ocean side,
and then the work of looting was whole
sale.
A crowd carrying off a piano was one
Bight which taught th<> police what kind
of crooks they had to deal with.
So far as known only four persons were
injured or burned and all will recover,
Deputy Battalion chief Kirkpatriek says
he is convinced that the fire is of In
cendiary origin. He arrives at this con
clusion owing to the fact that the flames
broke out in two different imrts of the
island at about the same time, both places
being difficult of ac< ess so tar as lire en
gines are concerned, and from the fact
that upon his arrival he found traces of
keiosene <>il along the board walks and
around both houses where the lire origi
nated. ______________
YOUNG CHRISTIANS IN
INTERNATIONAL CONVENTION
Anthony Comstock Speaks on Impur
ity and Appeals for Financial
Aid to Suppress Vice.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., May 2'J.—
There was a large attendance at all the
sessions of the Y. M. C. A. International
Convention to-day. At the morning ses
sion the subject of discussion was
"Forces Which Are Destroying Young
Miti."
Anthony Comstock's topic was "Impur
ity," and his address was devoted mainly
to a description of the work of the New
York Society for the Suppression of Vice,
i which he said must have financial assist
| ante at once in order to maintain its use
i fulness. He wad followed by Dr. B. M.
i Buckley, editor of the Christian Advo
cate, who spoke of "Rationalism," which
he considered a dangerous force, but not
nearly so bad as impurity or intemper
ance.
In the afternoon the convention was di-
I vided into three conferences, one of
I which, led by W. D. Murray of New
I York, discussed "Bible Study." Another,
led by Bruno Elobbs of Kansas City, con
sidered "Reiigious Meetings," and a
i third, led l>y S. M. Sayford of Boston,
discussed "Personal Work" for an hour.
The auditorium was crowded again tt
the evening session, which was devoted
to reports from field secretaries. One of I
the most interesting addresses was that
of William C. Weedson, president of the
association at Honolulu.
Ranchers in Luck.
VISALTA, May 88.— Alfalfa hay is sell
ing at $3 a ton in the field in this county.
There is a tremendous crop. Fruit buy
ers are paying $1 a tree for figs. Growers
thus get $10b an acre for their crop.
and a fine work, "Plowing in the Niver
nais," is in the Luxembourg Gallery.
Paris. Her painting was exceedingly
r bust and vigorous in style; and as
may be s<'n in 'The Horse Fair." which
was painted when the artist was in her
best period, she possess.-* a fine talent
for composition.
OFFICERS CAN'T
ATTEND TRIALS
Ordered Not to Visit
Palace of Justice.
! Dlspatcb to The. Call.
PAKis, May 26.— The Minister r., r
War, Camille Krantz, has issued strin
gent orders that no officer, either in
civilian costume or in uniform, shall
frequent the Palace of Justice or its
precincts next week during the public
hearing of the demand for a revision
of the Dreyfus trial and during the
trial before the Court of Assizes of
Paul de Roulede and M. Marcel-Habert.
on a charge of provoking offenses
against the security of the state and in
citing the army to mutiny.
On the day of the funeral of the late
President Felix Faure of Frances Feb
ruary 23 last, as the troops led by Gen
eral Roget were returning from the
cemetery of Pere la Chaise to the bar
racks at Neuilly-Sur-Seine, Paul de
Roulede, chief of the League of Patri
ots and a violent opponent of Dreyfus
revision, called upon General Roget to
march his troops on to the Elysee Pal
ace. The request was ignored.
M. de Roulede, who was then joined
by M. Marcel-Habert, a member of the
Chamber of Deputies for Rambouilet,
another violent anti-revisionist, headed
a band of men and entered the court
yard of the barracks with the brigade.
De Roulede and Marcel-Habert boldly
proclaimed that they wished to lead the
army into a revolutionary movement
and to replace the parliamentary re
public by a plebiscitary republic. They
refused to quit the barracks and were
placed under arrest. On the following
day the facts were reported to the
Chamber of Deputies, which promptly
authorized the Public Prosecutor to
take proceedings against them on the
charge of attempting to turn the troops
from their duty.
The public hearing of the demand for
the Dreyfus revision is expected to open
on Monday next. The speeches will
probably occupy four days and the de
cision be given on June 2 or 3.
®>®t®>®^®^®>®Wf®t®^®>®^H®>®>®^s>t®4®4®>®«f®-f®>®-f®
I A MAN AMONG MEN. 1
I ft^^, STRONG MIND j
| l^^ 9^^ STROM BODY i
I MVlf^ H STRONG NERVES I
4- M > £?Y\ WHO is /the MAN that X
® va . - _ jSE If does not want to be strong?- It is ®
X Vl rWE?*vA» 4^/ an ambition worthy of the truest -(.
® \\ i^^SJr'' - - / manhood: and the stronger a man 0
♦ .. -L /ffiffiKMESlfc. xim -i^- is tn> ' stronger he wants to be, be- X
® // •iNtflßJSgiJgStoi^^' ijw S/ys? cause he knows that his strength— (ij
"♦" ///// \ - | y' J I *!^ "IF yvy// his health— is the best part of him. X
® l/////,\ '^S- /Zl %sz^ With strength a man can fight ill (2)
ff/////\ s?)\ rs///A fortune— and win. Without it he ■?
5 i////////\ *£yk\ o/f/fs is a victim to all the evil that is ®
X //////////)P& — -j^J^XAw atloat. Mental and physical vital- ♦
X ' I I/ I llSliiA^^^^^^"'^ ll >' is born in every man and ®
* ' I 1 1 ftiMi& ~^e^T^ S y/ZyJlr^ when it is lost the greatest capital ♦
W >1 1 l>iMsam\ r ~f^' S //yfit&lf/ that man possesses is gone. It V
■*■ r///£BgB \ 7 Ml/ /J&Hr/// should be regained. Manhood de- >
(V) illm&Wm V *^ $$//, mands that it be regained, be- ( i)
♦ ff£*faewL4i&''* t *'jp' A??/' cause without it a man is only x
(Ti « Wmßf^St w' half a man. Happiness comes from /y.
♦ T&r?s3Ef S -afflT strength, and to be happy you k
must be strong.
i DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT §
% Is a magnificent for weak men. Its touch is the touch of magnet- +
w ism. It fills the nerves with snap. It charges the body with a grand force <§
+ . of vitalizing energy and turns back the hand of time for men who have be- .*.
® gun to feel old, broken down and feeble. It is a grand remedy for all weak- g)
+ ness in men. -$■'
® READ DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S BOOK, FREE. ®
± It is full of valuable information to weak men. It explains why mcdi- q
® cine fails and Dr. McLaughlin's Belt cures. Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt X
+ is as good for women as for men. Book free. Call or address
I dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send for my book , |
5! 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S. F. "three CLASSES OF MEN." %
(•) , And Cor. Spring and Second Sts., Ix>s Angeles. __ „„„_ '.*- X
-A. Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.: Sundays. IT IS MAILED FREE, A
0* 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. V
® .+ ® 4- ©+ ®-f ®4®^£)4<2>4<jj>^S)^^®4^
FIND GOLD,
BUT SUFFER
PRIVATIONS
Cape Nome Argonauts Weary
of Their Quest of
Wealth.
RICH CLAIMS STAKED
Gold in Store for Many, but During
the Winter Fourteen Men
Have Died.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
T.ACOMA, May 26.— A letter has been
received from Charles Gould, fo»merly
of Seattle. Riving hitherto unpublished
details of winter life and conditions at
Cape Nome. The letter was written on
December 9, at Anvil Creek, fifty-five
miles from Cape Nome. Gould says:
It was in October when we got hero
and we were all out of provisions. We
were not the only onea in that rix, but
there has been enough to las: thr >ugh,
and as soon as we can ■: t word to St.
Michael there will be plenty..
We need fuel more than anything else.
No wood of any kind grows within 200
miles of this section. Phe only thing that
grows here that can be mini d is a sort
of sage brush or juniper bush, which
burns up in a jiffy. !t is about like hay to
burn, in .act it could be cut with a scythe
if we had one. It grows from two to four
feet high.
You cannot hire any one here, as all
have claims thai are so rich they havo
got swelled heads and will not work for
others. Of those whose claims have beea
worked much this winter two men figure
that they have (80,000 In the dirt that will
be washed out as soon as it is warm
enough, and must of the others' "hums
are nearly as rich. It is only a few feet
to bedrock and it is all pay dirt. I re
cently washed out about a barrel of dirt
that netted me fully $200 in nuggets and
coarse gold, and my partner, a man
named Hicklln, from Missouri, found one
nugget that weighed li^i ounces.
So much for the gold. We will all have
! plenty, but I would not stay here another
winter for the whole shooting match.
Hardships have been terrible and fourteen
men have died. We. now have 211 here,
seven being women. Food has been
scarce and lack of variety has made al
most all of us sick at times. Improper
shelter has been the worst setback. There
are but three buildings here, the best
being a portable aluminum house, the
other two being practically cowsheds
made of lumber that composed the tem
porary deckhouse on a boat that wa3
towed" up here by rowboats.
! The tents soon cracked and went into
■ shreds from freezing and from the wind,
which is stronger than any zephyr that
ever came my way before. Those having
tents had to double up and by putting
two and three together, one inside tho
other and keeping the snow off the out
si, l.- they have managed to pull through.
but it has made things very crowded,
which, in turn, helped to keep us warm.
r '"h. aluminum house has been turned Into
a hospital and Is altogether the most
comfortable place here.
Some of the boys had to build ice huts
to live in on account of their tents catch
ing fire. Ice huts are much more com
[ortable than one -would imagine, tlin
worst part being ihe ventilation Vrm
would luufth to co» tne «ay the boys have
made windows for the store out of glass
bottles, which is the only transparent
stuff they could get hold of. Firearms are
not needed, as there is no game here
about.
GOLD IN A STREET.
Yellow Metal Taken Out of a Marys-
ville Thoroughfare.
MARYSVILLE. May 26.— While digging
a ditch on the main street of this city to
day workmen took out blue gravel which,
when washed yielded gold in heavy flakes.
The dirt is from a gravel pit in the north
ern suburbs of the city, and it is known
that strata of gravel extend in all direc
tions from the pit. A very black sand ap
pears with the gold when the gravel is
washed. —
Justice Gass' Narrow Escape.
SAN JOSK. May 26.— City Justice J. \V.
Gass had a narrow escape from serious
injury if not death at hi? residence this
morning. By reason of wounds received
in the war he is compelled to use a
■wheeled chair. He has an elevator in his
home to enable him to ascend to the sec
ond floor. The wire rope became unfas
tened this morning and the elevator fell
while the Judge was coming down to
breakfast. His chair was smashed to
splinters and he received a slight blow
on th*> head from the rope. Outside of a
shaking up no serious injury was sus
tained. A physician was called, but after
an investigation Justice Gass was able
to perform his duties in the courtroom.
Jerome B. Johnson Dead.
MARYSVILLE. May 26.— Jerome B.
Johnson is dead at his home, near the
Oregon House. Apoplexy was the causa
of death. Johnson was a native of Ver
mont, aged 72 years. Mrs. H. A. Grover
of Sacramento and Mrs. A. E. Townsend
of Shasta County are daughters of tha
deceased.
Was an Early-Day Pilot.
MARYSVILLE. May 26.— Captain J.
Ransom Rideout, who died in Sausalito
yesterday, was a brother of Banker N.
D. Rideout and Mrs. Justus Greely of
this city and Mrs. Thresher of Stockton.
In early days hp piloted freight steamers
on the Sacramento and Feather rivers.
34
OUTCOME OF THE
HAGUE CONGRESS
Will Be as Predicted by
Embassador White.
RESULTS TO BE LIMITED
ONLY SLIGHT RECOMMENDA
TIONS AS TO DxSARMAMENT.
All Suggestions and Petitions From
Outsiders Will Be Received and
Then Pigeonholed With
out Consideration.
to The Call.
THE HAGUE, May 26.— 1t can now be I
stated with some degree of confidence
that the delegates to the Peace Con
ference are gradually arriving at the
belief that its outcome will be very
much what Andrew White, United
Embassador at Berlin and head '
of the American delegation here, fore-
I ■ •':. correspondent of the As
ted Press in the interview cabled
t<i the Tnit. .i States last Monday.
So far as armaments aro concerned, j
the utmost that is expected to be ac
plished is some slight recommenda
tions to the Governments participating.
The various committees have now
1 to work, ami the delegates have :
begun a formal exchange of views. It:
was decided to-day to appoint commit
tees i" re.-eive all suggestions, pro-;
a and petitions emanating from
outsiders, but so far as Is yet ascer- j
talnable these will be pigeonholed with
out consideration, unless they
within the purview of the questions
enumerated in the circular of Count
Mtiravieff, the Russian Minister of For- ;
Affairs, in outlining the subjects
for consideration.
The disarmament committee met this
morning, and M. Bernaert, chief of the
Belgian delegation, who presided, set
forth the points submitted for consid
eration. The two sections immediately !
divided and proceeded to a discussion of j
of firearms and explos- '
Ives, which continued until the hour l"or
adjournment.
The arbitration committee met this
aoon under the presidency of the
chiel of the Fn in h delegation, Leon
Bourgeois, who was Hanked by the;
honorary presidents of tlu- committee.
Sir Julian Pauncefote, chief of the Brit
isfa delegation, and Count Nigra, chief
..t the Italian delegation.
M. I presented the questions
of mediation and arbitration and sug- j
d a programme the committee
might follow, urging recourse to all
pacific means to settle international
Questions before a recourse to war. He'
submitted a long list of possible sub
jects of dispute which might arise be-'
tween nations and yet might find solu- .
tlon In arbitration, closing with the
more difficult problems. He then pre
sented a Bcheme already introduced to
the full conference by a Russian d
.t scheme consisting of forty ar
tides.
Th< nf of M. Bourgeois was
clear ami concise, commanding the
-t attention.
Sir Julian f&uucefote proposed that,
the committee should immediately
all else, to consider the
rmanent tribunal of ar
bitration. He did not, however, sub
mit any plan and eventually withdrew
his motion in view of the suggestions
. by Count Nigra and others, who
I the wisdom of following the pro
tne of the ], resident, in which
the question of a permanent tribunal
s the general subject of arbitra
tion.
M. Bourgeois observed that the com
mittee, by not opposing it, gave adhe
•■> the principle favoring a peace
ful polution of international questions
before a recourse to arms.
Recognizing that the committee was ■
too large to consider the Russian pro
posals, M. Bourgeois appointed the fol
lowing sub-committee: Chevalier Des
camps-David, of the Belgian delega
tion; Professor Asser, privy councillor
of The Netherlands delegation; Baron
Estournelles de Constant of the French
delegation; Frederick Holls, secretary
of the United States delegation; M.
I.ammasch of the Austro-Hunirarian ;
-ation; Professor Maartens of the
Russian delegation.; M. F. Odier of the
Swiss delegation, and Dr. Zorn of the
University of Konigsberg, representing;
the German delegation.
Sir Julian Pauncefote and fount
Nigra were appointed honorary presi
dents of the sub-committee and M.
Bourgeois and M. Destal were em- ]
powered to attend its meetings.
This arrangement gives representa
tion to all the great powers as well as
to Holland, Belgium and Switzerland.
Chevalier Deacamps-David was ap
pointed chairman of the sub-commit
•
Great importance is attached to the
ngs held to-day a.nd to the unani
mous acceptance of the 'general prin
ciple of arbitration and mediation.
PACIFIC GROVE FIELD DAY.
College Conference Delegates Com
pete on the Cinder Path.
PACIFIC OROVB, May X.— The results
of the field day contests held by the Pa
cific Coast students here to-day follow.
The- University of California is greatly in
ad <if the other {Colleges:
10fl-yard dash— Lamb, Pomona College, Cali
fornia. Time, :1Q 2-5.
220-yard dash— Lamb, Pomona College. Time,
.22 3-').
75-yard dash (faculty handicap)— Ekins. as
sit-tam secretary Ban Francisco Young Men's
Christian Association.
Half-mile dash — Gustafson, University of
California. • ' • • ■ • .
220-yard walk— Swan. University of California. i
Potato rare— Proll. Stanford.
Sack race— Herriott, University of California.
Obstacle Service, University of Call-]
fornia. ; •
Three-legged rare— Tollman of Berkeley and
Anderson of University of 'Nevada.
Standing broad jump— Service, University of I
California; distance. 9 feet 30»£ inches.
Running broad jump— Service, University of
California; distance, 1* feet 10 inches.
Hop, skip and Jump — Service. University of
California; distance. 3S feet 9 Inches.
Phot put OG-pound shot)— Peck. University of
California; distance, 33 feet 2\4 inches. .
The tennis finals (singles') played to-day \
Resulted in Sanderson (Stanford) winning
from Blxby (Pomona College). Score: 6 — l, I
6—l, 6—3.
Schaefer and Harrison Win.
NEW YORK. Mas 28.— The second
night's play in the four-handed profes
sional billiard match al three cushion
caroms resulted in a victory for "Wizard"
Schaefer and W. D. Hatrison <>f Oiiaago,
•who scored K5 points agalnsi 56 for "N»
--poleon" tVei and John a. Thatcher. This
gavp them the match, their total scoffl
- 126 to 100 .'*:• the other .team. Har
rison was the tuar of the night's game
and his Individual score Bnowed 39 points
to his credit, against 3.f for Ives, 26 for
Schatfer and 22 for Thatcher.
Pnzefieht at Stockton.
STOCKTON, May Young Peter
Jackson j was given a decision: to-night
over Joe I. it r n> after a' fight which
lasted through five extra rounds after a
twenty-round •> mill. They seemed well
matched, and .Jackson I did not win j the
fight until the last half of the twenty
fifth, when he; succeeded in flooring. La
vigne twice with blows on the neck and
Jaw,... •, . -..,.-:.....
BIG FIELD IN
THE BROOKLYN
Filigrane the Choice of
the Talent.
FLEUR DE LIS AN OUTSIDER
FIFTY TO ONE IN OVER-NIGHT
BETTING.
Ben Holladay, Don de Oro, George
Keene and Banaster Will Carry
Considerable of the Pub
lic's Money.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 26.— The Brooklyn i
Jockey Club's spring meeting will op^n j
to-morrow and unless all signs; fail Ihe
attendance should be record break : iifct. ;
Tin track is as fast as at any time since
it was built and the tteld in the $10,000 j
Brooklyn handicap is well matched at the
weights. Seventeen horses are named to
start and from present appearances all
but one will go to the post. The list, with
weights and jockeys, is as follows:
Ben Holladay, 127 Taral
Algol, 121 Burns
Pink Coat, 114 Simms
Don de Oro, 114 Spencer;
Banaster, 110 Maher
Jeannot, 103 Odom [
Imp, U0 Clayton
Boyd, 110 Hamilton
c, 109 Turner'
Warrenton, 109 O'Connor
Previous, 109 , W. Martin
Fleui de Us, 108 Doggett
B \. LOG H. Martin
Lanky Bob, 108 Everett ;
Thomas Cat. 100 o'Leary
FMgrane, 98 M.-fue
Jefferson, 98 Collins
.;• >rge Keene, 114 Clawson
Some of the lot. have been raced this
year and their ability is pretty well
known, while some will ko to the post for
the ftrst time this season. Ben Holladay,
Pink Coal an.l Fleur de Lis are the only
on which no line can bo pot. except
I ullops. hi spit, of this, Ben Holla
daj fs likely to be one of the best-backed
horses in the race. It Is more than likely
that Filigrane will be the favorite on uc
count of his easy victory In the Metro- :
■: handicap, although there are a
!,,! of racegoers who do not believe a
three-year-old can win either the Bi
lyn or the Surburban. Another popular
favorite is Banaster, who as well as Fili
grane broke re da at Morris Park, and
who has shown some fafci time at tne dls
this we. k. Don de Oro will Burely
I !,,; ..; public money, especially as
ci will be on him and ought to ride
him better than has O'Leary. Jeffers m s
n Thursday at Morris Park was the
best Kmd of work for the Hr<»>kl>n a:ul
] take a good deal of beating ac
ng to the rail birds who are it the
track early and late to get points, in
.•v.ry horse sent out as a likely !
■ r has a host of friends and not one
will X'< unbacked.
The following b.-ttinp was announced
.■ran.\ 3 to 1 and 6 to 5;
Keene, ■"• to l and 2 to 1: Hen Hoi- :
laday 7 to l and 2% to l: Don de I »ro, 8 to
l and :; to i; Banaster. 10 to l and 4 to 1; >
ius, 12 to l and .", to 1; Box. 12 to 1
to 1; Imp, 15 to l and 6 to I; Jeffer
son 20 to 1 and 8 to 1; Lanky Bob, 1!."> to '
, ,;' io to I; Thomas Cat, 50 to 1 and 20 ro
l Warrenton, 60 to l and 25 to l; Fleur de
Lis 50 to 1 and 20 to 1; Pink Coat. 60 to 1
and 25 to 1; Algol, 50 to 1 and 25 to 1;
to l and l" to 1; George Boyd,
100 to 1 and 40 to 1; Jeannot, 500 to 1 and '
200 to 1.
CINCINNATI, May 26.— There was an
sellins ■■!'•>■ booai at i^atonia to-day.
.1. !!. Smith bid up Jolly Roger, winner of
the fourth race, from $>>M to $1205. Tne
horse was bought in by his trainer. Rob
ert Tucker, tn the fifth race Beauchamp
on Olekma fouled Ladj Elite and the
a disaualifled his mount and -
third money to Lady Elite, Weather fair,
track fast. Results:
six furlongs, selling- .)■ hn McElroy won,
Periwig re md, CoraHa third. Time. i.\>;.
Five furlongs, two-year-old8 — Summer won,
Curtis third. Time. 1:03^.
Mile - 3alvarse won, True Light Fec
ond, Vanessa third. Tim.-. 14:,.
Mile and a sixteenth. Belling— Jolly R ger
v. ii Don Clarenclo second, Han dOr third.
Time. 1:48. . ,
F.ur and a half furlongs— Larkspur won.
Maj Jane Becond, Lady Elite third. Tina
i ilekrna finished third, but was disqualified for
fouling Lady Elite.
Six furlongs, selling— Panoharm won. John
Boone second. Prince Zeno third. Time, 1:16 ! 4 .
ST. LOUIS. May 26.— The opening two races
at the fair grounds to-day were tak-n by the
favorites, while well-played second i
were fortunate In three of the other events.
Rebel Jack at 15 to 1 was the outsider to uj>-
BCt the talent's run of good luck. Track fair.
Six furlongs, mai.lr-n thre« -year-olds— La Jose
phine won Katharine i-> second, Lady Osborne
third. Time, 1:16.
Five and a half furlongs, celling- I
I \.rnt won St. Augustine second, Newßgatherer
third. Time.
Five furlongs- N>d Dennis won. Greenock
Becond, Maud Wallace third. Tim", 1:03.
Six furlongs found won. Fervor second,
Gibraltar third. Time. 1:14%.
Mile and an eighth, H.-lling-Jimj. won, Clay
nd Nannie I. third. T
One mile, Belling— Rebel Ja.-k won. Branch
Eddie Jones third. Time. 1:42%.
CHICAGO. May 2fi.— Weather wet; track
good. Lakeside results:
Four furlnnes— Zaza won, Huronla second,
Miss Fe" third. Time. :48.
c >ne mile Necedao won. Locust Blossom sec
ond, Clara Header third, Time, 1 i" 1 ,.
.^■x furl>mcs -(.harmante won, Fintah second,
Star !■ lo third. Time, 1:11
Mile and a halt -Robert Hnnner won, Dr.
Marks :-<■'■. md. Sunburst third. Time, 2:37%.
r .r and a half furlongs— l'nsighlly won,
First Fust second, Georgetown II third. Time,
Bt» furlonjts— Free Hand won, Pauline J sec
ond, J J T third. Time, l:iS%.
WORLD'S RECORD BROKEN.
Pennsylvania University Athlete's
New Broad Jump Mark.
NEW VoliK, May W.— Tho twenty
fourth annual athletic meeting under the
auspices of the Intercollegiate Amateur
Athletic Association to determine the in
tercollegiate championship at field and
track events began this afternoon on
Manhattan Held, where it will be conclud
ed to-morrow, the trials having taken up
the time to-day.
One world's record was smashed. This
was on the running broad jump, and A.
C. Kxaentlein of Pennsylvania, who had
acquitted himself cleverly earlier In tho
afternoon by winning his high and low
hurdle trials, was the <>ne who did the
trick. On bis lir.st jump the Pennsylva
nlan covered 23 feet 10^2 Inches, but
• clipsed his own world"s record of 24 feet
3% Inohea on his second attempt, covering
114 feet 4V-2 inches. There was some doubt
;is t<i whether his jump was a world's rec
ord, but "Father Bill" Curtis dispelled
this by asserting that Xewburn's jump nf
2\ feet d\ inches, ma<l>- at Mullingar, Ire
land, was not accepted by the. Irish or
English associations.
Pennsylvania has certainly the best
chance for the honors, and except some
thing happens to disable, her representa
tives the intercollegiate trophy will re
main In the University of Pennsylvania
for another year. Representatives of
Pennsylvania, Princeton, Harvard. Yale,
Columbia. Cornell, Syracuse and George
town are competing-
McOovern the Winner.
NEW YORK. May 26.— Terry McGovern
of Brooklyn defeated Sammy Kelly in
less than five rounds at Broadway Athletic
Club to-night. Kelly was in good shape,
McGovern, with youth on his side, was
better. Both stripped well, and although
McGovern was the favorite at lflQ to 4i
there wwe many bets made at even
money that Kelly would last twenty
rounds.
San Rafael Bicycle Races.
SAN RAFAEL, May 2C— A numbor of
persons interested In athletic sjiorts are
arranging for a series of bicycle races and
Bprinta to occur in this city on Decora
THE SAN FKAISCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1899.
VAIN ATTEMPT TO
FLOAT THE PARIS
COVERACK, Cornwall, May 26. — A supreme effort to float the American
line steamer Paris commenced at 5:10 p. m. to-day. Smoke was then
belching from all her funnels and the tugs assisting her churned the
water into foam. The noise of the straining engines was audible
afar. A fresh east southeast breeze was blowing and the sea was ris
ing, as the attempt was made to refloat the steamer. When the tugs and
engines of the Paris were going at full speed the Paris appeared to be
swaying a trifle, but the leakage in the steamer's engine room was increas
ing.
The wind has veered to the eastward to-night. There is a heavy sea
and the Paris is rolling heavily.
tion day. The particular feature will be
a relav'race for bicyclists, in which throe
teams" will participate. The course for
this race will be from San Rafael to San
Quentin point, thence to Greenbrae, to
Tamalpalß and back to San Rafael, a dis
tance of twelve miles. The roads of the
county are at present in excellent condi
tion, and from the ilumher of entries trom
San Francisco, Oakland and Marin ( oun
ty an exciting contest is expected. A
silver trophy will be awarded the win
ning team in the relay race, and suitable
prizes contributed by local merchants will
be given individual winners in the other
bicycle races and the sprints. Ihe pom
mittee on arrangements is composed 01
Walter N. Ross, John Begley and E. Mag
ncr. _
SOME LARGE BETS
ON THE BIG FIGHT
Fitzsimmons a Warm Favorite, but
There Is No Lack of
Jeffries Money.
NEW YORK, Maj 26.— Fitzsimmons is!
a big favorite for the coming flght with j
Jeffries. A good deal of Jeffries money
was in evidence at Dave Hollands to
day. Two wagers of $300 to $450 were
on the Californian. Larry Ryan, a
hot Fitzsimmons enthusiast, laid $100 to
$75 on the champion twice. T. J. Ryan,
the bookmaker, has $2000 to back the
Cornishman. Jerry Fitzpatrick to-day
found a taker for $200. Alf King, mana-
Solly Smith, found a customer for
m ;' his money. Zeke Butler agreed to
lay $1000 against this sum. These are the
largest Odds given against Jeffries since
the flght was Hrsl broached
"Skeets" Martin, the jockey, says he
has $1000 which he wishes to stake againsi
$2 «i that Jeffries will win. Peter Daily.
the actor, has placed $1000 to $500 on Fitz
simmons. Joe Little Of Oceanic. N. J..
where Jeffries trained last year to me. ,
Bob Armstrong, was in town with a targe !
wad of greenbacks to hazard on the < alt
fornian at l to 2. "Hilly" Curran, another
Jeffries supporter, has $586 to back the
boiler maker at the prevailing odds.
\s the general impression around town
was that "the battle would be for twenty
rounds the announcement that the limit
of the' encounter had been Increased to
twenty-five rounds naturally caused a
good deal of comment. In consequence m
the change many wagers were made, stip
ulating the number of rounds in wntch
either pugilist would do the trick. 1-ltz
«immons has the call in this respect, and
a number of bets at even money were
recorded to-day that he would stop the
brawny boiler-maker in about thirty min
utes.
TWELVE-INNING GAME
RESULTS IN A TIE
Darkness Ends a Battle Royal Be
tween the Brooklyn and St.
Louis Baseball Clubs.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pel Clubs— W. L. Pc.
Brooklyn ...-24 10 .706 Baltimore ...IS 16 .529
Pt Louis. ..22 11 .686 Pittsburgh. .l 220 .375
Boston .21 12 .633 New York.... 12 20 .375
Philadelphia 20 13 606 Louisville ...12 20 .375
Cheasco 20 14 .^Washington. .11 23 .324
Cincinnati.: 17 11 1 Cleveland ... 723 .233
ST LOUIS, May To-day's game was
called at the end of the twelfth Inning on ac
count of darkness. It was a pitchers' battle
from the outset. Powell pitched in magnificent
form, but two bases on balls and a brace of
singles allowed the BuperbM to tie the score
In the ninth Inning. Up to that time only three
hits had been made off the St. Louisan. Dunn
also was in magnificent form and kept the ten
hits made off his delivery well scattered. At
tendance. 4500. Score:
Clubs- R - H - E -
St. Louis I 10 *
Brooklyn • s ° -
Batteries— Powell and (Tiger; Dunn. Kennedy
and Farrell. Umpires— O*Day and McGarr.
CLEVELAND. May 26.— Cleveland put up a
very poor game to-day, Baltimore winning with
ease The home nine could neither field nor
bat.' Attendance, 100. Score:
I Clubs— *• H. E.
Cleveland • J « *
Baltimore 12 -° "
Batteries- Sudhoff, Knepper and . Zimmer;
Kitson Miller, Robinson and Christian. Ur
n pires-Smith and Burns.
PITTSBURO, May 26.— Rhlnes did not give
a hit until the sixth Inning, when one hit and
an error brought In a run. In the seventh and
eighth six hits and two runs were made off
him and Tannehill retired the visitors in one.
two, three order in the ninth. Fifield was easy
picking for the home team, but sharp fielding
kept the score down. Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs- B. a E
Pittßburg < « 2
I Philadelphia » 7 .1
Batteries— Rhines, Tannehill and Bowerman:
Flfleld and Douglass. Umpires— Gaffney and
Andrews. r -'*7- :
CINCINNATI. May 26. — The Reds could not
; hit Hiekman to-day and suffered their first
shut-out of the season. Hahn was lucky until
the eighth inning 1 , when he was hit hard.
Ptahl's batting was a feature. Attendance,
1500. Score:
: Clubs— " R. H. E.
Cincinnati « 3 1
Boston • 6 12 1
Batteries— Hahn and Peltz; Mlckman and
Clarke. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
LOUISVILLE, May 26.— The New Yorkers
! bunched their hits in the first two innings.
! After that Cunningham was very effective.
Garrick kept the Colonels guessing throughout
the game and only one man reached third base.
Attendance, 1500. Score: -
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 0 6 0
New York 3 13 0
Batteries— Cunningham and Klttredge: Car
: rick and Grady. Umpires— Emslle and McDon
ald. ■ •
CHICAGO. May 26.— The Senators made only
two hits off Taylor to-day, but; those proved
sufficient, as Cassidy's double followed Chi
cago's only error and scored two runs. Mc-
Farland was hit, but -with men on bases the
hits invariably went straight Into some fielder's
hands. McFarland's fielding was very fast.
, Attendance, 900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago ••••••••■. ..*.■•.■•*....*••■•• 062
Washington 2 2 1
Batteries— Taylor and Chance: McFarland
and McGuire. Umpires — Swartwood and War
ner.
Has Convulsions in Jail.
SAN RAFAEL, May 26.— John Wilson,
agpd 70 years, was arrested as a vagrant
and incarcerated in the County Jail yes
terday evening. Being annoyed this
morning by some small hoys, he broke
the windows of his cell. Sheriff Taylor
was attracted to the scene by the noise
and found the prisoner in convulsions.
A physician was summoned and the old
man was found to be a sufferer from epi
lepsy. His condition is. such that he
probably will have to be taken to the hos
pital
FOLSOM LINED
WITH WEAPONS
Startling Discovery of
Warden Aull.
; Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, May 26.— Prison- Di
rector James H. 'Wilkins has succeeded in
giving Folsom Penitentiary one of the
most wholesome upheavals in its history,
and incidentally a very disagreeable sur
prise to Warden Aull. The Warden used
to think Folsom remarkably free from
weapons, on account of the limited op
portunity the convicts there have to
manufacture such articles as compared
with San Quentin prison, but he lias
changed his mind.
On account of tho cowardly attack on
Guard Janus McDonald by Jacob Oppen
hetmer and the murder of Showers by
Putt man, both crimes occurring with
only a few hours' difference of time, the
Board of State Prison Directors con
cluded at their late meeting at Folsom
that a drastic method was necessary to
prevent the repetition" of such terrible
events. Accordingly Director Wilkins
drew up a resolution, adopted by. the
board, which provided that any prisoner
caught in future with a deadly weapon in
bis possession should be placed in soli
tary confinement and kept there for the'
remainder of his term, without regard to
its length. \
In' the case of "Toughy" Wilson, also
known as "Shy Red." a convict who had
been punished seventeen times for in
fractions of prison discipline, the law was
made ex post facto. Wilson was brought
before -the board for trying to Stab a
man, the attempt failing on account- of
the assailant stumbling as he ■ made- the
thrust, He was exceedingly. defiant and
said he would arm himselr as often as he
'pleased. -- • * -
"Well," said President Fitzgerald, "we
have made a new rule; under which you
will have to serve the remainder of your
term of thirty-six years in solitary con
finement." _ '.-■.-.
"What? Thirty-six years in solitary
confinement!" yelled the now thoroughly
frightened man. He was tokl it meant
that, and was so overcome that he had to
be supported to his cell. The news was
soon disseminated anmng the convicts
and caused a commotion.
Last Wednesday Warden Aull Bet all
the guards available at work to search
the penitentiary and the result nearly
gave him an attack of heart failurJ.
Knives, brass knuckles, "billies," skele
ton keys, "jimmies." and bludgeons wore
found all over the prison. They were dis
covered on convicts, in cells, in the work
shops, around the grounds and in various
Bafe places throughout the different build
ings, the small arsenal piled before War
den Aull at the close making his eyes di
late in wonder.
"Holy smoke:" he exclaimed, "I never
dreamed there were so many weapons in
the prison from the time it was built un
til wp made this search."
What caused the greatest wonder was
the discovery of a murderous dirk knife
of prison manufacture on the "trusty"
who assists Clerk Urainerd S. Smith.
Aull was not nearly so surprised as was
Smith when this discovery was made,
because the "trusty" was thought to be
one of the most reliable convicts at Fol
som.
The prisoners were then all lined up and
addressed by the Warden. He told them
of the new rule and the intention to en
force it, without regard to consequences.
The convicts w.re informed that as the
prison had just been cleared of weapons
th.y had a clear record With which to
start and had better take Lhfl warning.
A pin could have been heard to drop
while Aull was speaking, and it is safe to
say that weapons at Folsom will here
after be manufactured on the retail plan.
Alameda's Tax Money Refused.
SACRAMENTO, May 26.— A tender was
made to State Controller Colgan to-day
of the taxes of Alameda County due the
State, but the Controller declined to ac
cept the tender pending the settlement of
the conUntion relative to the commis
sions of Assessor Dalton for the collec
tion of poll taxes. The amount tendered
was according to Assessor Dalton's cal
culations.
S. M. HUGHES IS NOW
GOVERNMENT ANALYST
UN'i'l.K SAM has created a new
office in the customs department
fn this city, and S. M. Hughes,
Ph. G., the well-known druggist,
has been selected as the first man to
administer it. The position is that of
special analyst for everything except
wines, teas and coffees.
Mr. Hughes' duties are quite numer
ous and arduous. They call for the
chemical analysis of, ores, oils, chem
icals, silks and every import of which
it is necessary for the Government to
know the constituents. Probably the
most important part of Mr. Hughes'
work will be that of polarizing Import
ed sugars to determine their sacchar
ine strength. Another responsible re
quirement of the office, which means
much to the canners of the State, i 3
that of determining the amount of
sugar contained in canned fruits ex
ported from this port, for which the
Government allows the shipper a
drawback.
The now official is a graduate of the
University of California, and has fol
lowed the profession of druggist and
chemist for the last twenty-five years
in this city. By reason of his well
known abilities it goes without say
ing that the exacting duties of the po
sition will be well performed. Mr.
Hughes is now receiving the congratu
lations of his many friends.
PRELIMINARY
WORK FOR THE
LOCAL ELECTION
Registration Opens on
June 1.
-♦ —
CONSOLIDATING PRECINCTS
THE REGISTRAR WILL HIRE
EXTRA CLERKS.
Compilation of Averages Upon Which
Apportionment of Delegates to
Various Districts Will
Be Eased.
A meeting of the Board of Election
Commissioners was held yesterday morn
ing for the purpose of considering such
measures as are necessary to be inaug
urated at this time in order to comply
with the law governing the coming pri
mary and municipal elections. Such busi
ness as was necessary to be transacted
was set forth in the following communi
cation from the Registrar:
SAN FRANCISCO, May 24 1899.
To th<- Honorable the Board of Election
Commissioners - Gentlemen: Registration
for primary and municipal electiunb will
<men at this office June 1, and will con
tinue U) and including July 22. when the
Fame will cease for the purpose of the
primary. For the municipal election regis
tration will conttnue to ami Including Oc
tober 12. when all registration will cease.
RECAPITULATION-SHOWING TOTAL AND AVERAGE VOTE (MUNICIPAL) 1898
mmmm
1 mm
am/held separate and . aff t,*[?™ XtweS
would Klve an estimated vote to be cast
make an average of 440 \otes lo -
make an average ol 440 votes to a pro
Cl Tho election law. section 1129, Political
C v m£? "There Bhall be as many pre
■ nrts s «hall be .sufficient to make the
number of votes polled at any one pro
c in't to be not more than 200. as nearly as
Ca T n he be .a a . SC^o ln r e d q u.re a the Registrar, and
It is his duty, to obtain from the tax
Irt and restatw the names ot the rodent
citizens possessing the necessary qualifica
tions to act as officers of election, and have
the game placed in a book for ready refer
ence Special cards of instructions to of
ficers of election and to voters will now
have to be prepared for the primary elec
tion as required by sections 1210 and 1368 of
he PoliUcll Code, and tally list, poll books
and official returns prepared as by law
directed: it will be necessary also to com
pile the election laws for use at the elec-
would, therefore. request your honor
able board as follows: to advertise,
Flr-st-That I be authorized to advertise,
as required by law. the opening and closing
Of registration. , "-■ "■'•■' "' ■'"
Second— That the number of precincts for
the municipal election be determined as
soon as possible.
Third— That I be authorized to map out
the precincts in accordance with your or-
Fourth—That I be allowed six extra clerks
on June 1 for the purposes of registration,
cancellations and removals, and to make
the Uat of qualified persona to act as elec
tion officers, as required of me by law,
and to prepare the necessary blanks, cards
of instructions, tally lists, poll lists and
official returns and the compiling of the
election laws. Respectfully,
.(. BTEPPACHHR, Registrar of Voters.
All of the requests made by the Regis
trar were granted and he was Instructed
to proceed with the work of consolidating
the precincts for the municipal election,
it being understood that the consolidation
shall reduce the present number of pre
cincts to as near 150 as possible.
Registrar Kteppacher has completed the
work of compiling the averages upon
which the aportlonment of delegates to
be chosen by each political party at the
coming primary e-lection will be, based.
The result, as set forth in the accompany
ing table, was reached by taking the total
number of votes cast for all of the can
flid;iies of each party in each of the As
sembly districts and dividing it by the
number of candidates upon each party
ticket.
Contractors Arrested.
James A. Campbell and Thomas A. Pet
tus contractors for building the naval
station at Goat Island, were arrested by
the United States Marshal yesterday on
complaint of Walking Delegate Harry
M Saunders. who charges them with vio
lating the Federal eight-hour law. Ihe
contractors were released on their own
recognizance a-nd their trial was set for
Friday next at 11 a. m.
CARLOADS OF CRANKS COMING.
Santa Cruz Fanatics Will Root for
Their Team To-Day.
Baseball of the noisy, spectacular sort
will be served up to the fans at Recrea
tion Park this week. No genuine base
ball enthusiast will miss the coming
struggle for first place between Santa
Crui and San Francisco. . particularly
when it is known that two hundred rabid
supporters of the Sand Crabs are coming
up from the city by the sea to shout and
root for their pet aggregation of home
talent. Manager Tuttle of Santa Cruz has ;
chartered a special train to convey his
young men and their ardent supporters to
this city and they will arrive this morn- |
ing The fans of Santa Cruz have not
recovered from their indignation aroused
two weeks ago. when their team was
given a walloping on the home diamond. j
They have been laboring under the delu- |
sion that Manager Harris, the. umpire and
Captain Tip (/Neil entered into a con
spiracy to rob them of the game, and they ;
are coming all the way to San Francisco
to get satisfaction. A series of three
games will be played, one of which will
take Place in Oakland Sunday morning, ,
and the visitors will use three pitchers,
commencing with Daubenbis and winding
up on Sunday afternoon with Do nil n. the
kingpin twlrler of the league The Friscos
will depend largely on "Fireman Fitz,
who will do the Pitching this afternoon
and to-morrow afternoon. The only time
he has been batted hard this season was
in the game against Santa Cruz, and he
is cage? for. an opportunity to convince
the Sand Crabs that they are not .the hot
test batters in the game. John P. CahiU,
who appears to have the confidence of the
Santa Cruzans, has been detailed by Pres
ident Moran to umpire the games.
Following is the line-up for to-day.
San Francisco. Position.- Santa Cruz
"Swindell* Catcher ', V ' : .
FUzpatrkk Pitcher Dau bent^
Sullivan First base •,:' arlc
CTNeif Second, base Williams
Riley Third base Devereaux
Krug'"." Shortstop X leiber
MuUe'r . Left field Strelb
p."'' ..''......Center field Drennan
Jlild-brand Right field Bur«e
The Sacramentos and San Francisco*
will play a regular championship game on
Decoration day.
ENCINALS' SEASON OPENS.
A Vaudeville Entertainment and
Dance at the Alameda Club
house To-Night.
Tho Encinal Yacht Club will open the
season to-day with a reception in its home
at Alameda. There will be a vaudeville 1
entertainment in the evening, in which -
the following will take part: A. Rosbor- I
ough. Harry Melville, w . J. Hynes, w. J.
Kelly, tenor soloist; Captain John Leale
of the ferry steamer Bay City and Beri
Ireland. After the entertainment there
will be dancing to music furnished by
Hynes' orchestra. To-morrow there will
be" a cruise in company with the visiting
yachts.
Commodore J. 1.. Hanley ha* issued hfH |
sailing programme for the season, which
contains the following events:
May SO— Cruise to witness Corinthian regatta. ',
June 17— Cruise to McNears Landing.
June, M— Cruise up Sacramento River.
July 3 and 4— Join annual cruise of raHflc
Ir.tercluh Yacht Asociation.
July 16— Cruise to witness Wallace trophy re- ;
gatta.
.Augusa ." and 6— Cruise to lower bay.
September 3— lndies' cruise to Baden.
September 9— Cruise to witness animal re- 1
Katta of Pacific Interdub Yacht Association, j
September 23— badies' cruip* to San M.ueo.
October 14 and I.V- Hunting; cruise.
October 21— Closing; day.
Buffers for Sins of Others.
J. M. Rademaker. proprietor or" the
Metropole saloon, 733 Market street, is be
ing made to suffer through the sins of
others. Among the arrests for conduct
ing percentage poker games recently was
one Hanson, whose place of business ad
joined the Metropole. In the publication
of the arrest Hanson was referred to as
the proprietor of the "Metropole," where
as his place was known as the "Market
Street Social Club." The same mistake
was made upon Hanson's conviction in
the. Police Court. As a result of these
errors Mr. Rademaker says his business
has been practically ruined. He had
agreed to sell the place to the Golden
Eagle Distilling Company and the papers
were being prepared, but in consequence
of his saloon being confounded with the
poker rooms the deal was declared, off,
and many of his former customers are
now afraid to be seen entering the place.
He asserts that there has not been a
game of cards played in the Metropole in
three months.
New light on Christian Science and
its development in next Sunday's
Call.
0/ Impaired Digestion Costiveness IB
If Lack of Energy fo Dizzy Spells
B Sallow Complexion 75 Headaches
111 Tired Feeling • Dumb Chills M
M\ Coated Tongue Loss of Appetite IS
HUDYAN CURES. I
® The above distressing symptoms result when the system becomes impregnated with ®
4 malarial poison. Stomach and liver troubles arise, and often the liver and spleen be- +
® come enlarged. . /y.'.
4. . Hudyan will cure. Hudyan will counteract the malarial poison that is in your
(9) system and will assist nature to expel it. People who live In malarial districts should +
£ take Hudyan, for this valuable remedy will prevent as well as cure malaria. ■®;
® SAN ANTONIO. Texas. '$'.$? BAKERSFIELD, Cal. .. +
X Dear Doctors:' I was in a bad way from > Dear Doctors: I am very thankful for (i)
g) the effects of malarial poisoning. I could your Hudyan, as it cured me of malaria. V
X not eat, and was always costive. Suffered I was very yellow, no appetite, and would -"^ ■'
T with headaches and a tired and worn-out - have chills every other day. . .., ' ©
vS) feeling. ;**.-';• ■; : After trying many remedies without re- .4.
4- Hudyan removed all these distressful suit I took Hudyan. It relieved me at .
©symptoms, and I now feel splendid. ! once, and In a short time had ■ cured me . V
:--.. MISS LAURA COLEMAN. | perfectly. T. H. KELLEY. . .> X
— . Hudyan is for sale by druggists — 50c a package or fix packages for $2 50. ... bf.-
<S) If your druggist does not keep Hudyan send direct' to the HUDYAN REMEDY" fir
4- CO., corner Stockton, Ellis and Market streets, San Francisco, Cal. ( >■
® YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE, FREE OF ' (•)
4- CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE. "::■
®4®4<g 4 @4<s>4<s> 4 ®40 4 ®4« 4® 4 ®4<5>4-?> 4 ®4-®4<s) 4 ®4® 4<5) 4 ®4<S> 4 S>4®4>*)
POLICEMEN RUN
INTO A TARTAR
AND ARE SORRY
Five Stalwarts Have a
Fierce Battle.
THREE PLACES DEMOLISHED
"OLLIE" FAIRFIELD'S LACK OF
LOVE FOR TELEPHONES.
Bound and Carried to Jail After Sus
taining Several Injuries and
Charged With Two
Offenses.
Oliver Fairfield, a newspaper <- ;) rripr,
•whose route lies in the Mission district, is
what the police term a "Tartar." When
"Ollie's" stomach is filled with wine he "v.
develops exceedingly destructiv< tenden- /
cies, especially true as regards the local
telephone system, and gratifies his desire
to the great discomfort of the blue-coated
stalwarts. After imbibing rai
yesterday Fairlnld blazed his
through several places, and five ;
proved their authority to arrest hit i
ment of the evening only by thi
their brows.
About dusk Fairti'M entered tl
and saloon of A. Speckter at Twi
fifth and Mission streets and proceeded to
smash everything in sight. The police
were notified, but when an officer arrived
the bird had flown to Schubert's saloon
at Sixteenth and Mission streets, where
the performance was repeated. "Ollie" then
went to Mayers' oyster cafe, and. after
breaking a telephone to pieces because
"central" did not answer soon enough to
suit him he started in to demolish the
store.
He was engaged in this work on., the
wholesale plan when two persons un
known banged him on the head with
clubs, inflicting some severe bruises and
a bad cut over the right eye. Officers
Graham, Connell, Fitzgerald, Dalton and
Farrell arrived on the. scene just-as Fa4r
field was recuperating -and look the- ini- .
tial step at taking: him into custody,
eral other steps: were taken, but good
deal of time" elapsed between them; as 1
the limbs of the law. found it necessary
to work in relays. j ' ~ i .- 1 -'<■•"«
After a terrific struggle, in which the
establishment' was nearly wrecked, the
man was trussed hand and -foot and Car
ried almost to the Seventeenth-street Sta
tion. Once he got his feet loose and
kicked two of the officers hard enough
for them to remember the occasion for
a long time. Almost arrived at the sta
tion Fairfield broke loose and fled. He
was recaptured and brought back after*
another hard struggle in the street. It
took about ten policemen to put the frac
tious prisoner in the dungeon.
Charges of disturbing the peace and ma
licious mischief were placed against Fair
field's name. He is said to be a decent
sort of a fellow when sober, but has made
the police trouble on various occasions
while intoxicated- His reputation was so
well known that' the one officer sent at
first to arrest him, after learning of the
person with whom he had to deal, sent
for more until the full complement of
five was made up. • .•:...,
CUSTOMS APPOINTMENTS.
Several Clerks Promoted and Some
New Hands Placed at
the Wheel.
Collector Jackson made the following
promotions and appointments in the Cus
tom-house yesterday: W. A. Rowlands,
promoted from a $1000 clerkship to a 11200
position: W. D. Hoyi. the same; C. B.
Sexton, from the eligible list, was ap
pointed clek at $1000; chemist, $1000 per
year. S. F. Hughes, formerly druggist,
corner of Powell and Post streets; H. R.
Everett of Sutter County was appointed
one of the new Inspectors fmni the eli
gible list.RICHMOND WILL FIGHT
THE FRANCHISE GRAB
Residents See No Good in De
mands of Railway.
Iroquois Braves Adopt Condemnatory
Resolutions Which Are Presented
by E. P. E. Troy.
THE residents of Richmond District
are up In arms against the officials
of the Market-street Railway Com
pany in their efforts to make a
grand clean-up of franchises before
the new charter goes into effect on the
first day of next January.
A meeting of the executive committee of
Richmond District Improvement As
pecially railed for the pur
onsiderlng the application of the
V irket-street Railway Company for fran
yf Ises in the Richmond District, was h. ...
j* . st night at Eighth avenue and Clement
Mreot. Many members of the club at
tended.
The unanimous opinion was expressed
that the purpose of the Market-street
company is to destroy the Sutro railroad,
the only competing line In Richmond, to
the end that It may monopolize the Btreet
car traffic of that section of the city.
Resolutions were :k l. >j . t •■< J calling the at
tention of the Board of Supervisors to the
fact that the Geary-street Railway fran
chise will soon expire and under the pro
visions of the new charter the city may
truct and own Its first municipal
street railway on Geary street from the
ferries to the <"liff House.
The following committee was appoint
ed t'i represent Richmond District at the*
next meeting of the Board of Supervis
ors and t'> present its objections to the
granting 1 t a franchise on Geary street
ami other parts of ttichmond District: C.
Il.Hubba (chairman). Charles Mueller, F.
TV Curtoni, Mr. Vlleges and E. P. E.
Troy.
Resolutions were also adopted approv
ing of the action of the minority of the
! ', of Supervisors and particularly
commending the vigorous opposition of
rvisor Lewis F. Byington to the at
■ • .! franchise ati ..is.
The people who live under the shadow
one Mountain are suspicious of the
intentions .if the great street railway
: elieving no good can come from
present desire to attain privileges.
They see behind the application for fran
- In Richmond a possibility that the
road, which developed the district
!h;-.n any other factor, will be crip-
Its value ultimately destroyed
through the shutting off of its access to
•rt of the city.
The chief concern of the Rlchmondites
Is over the franchise on California street,
linni Central avenue to First avenue, a
distance of seven bljcks. For i:\. blocks
• • ■ ■ • •■■ ady line.- fran
■ record. The first was gr 1
Lei and Stanford In November, IOT9; the
. to Gustav Sutro in December, 1886,
■ ■ last to Adolph Sptro in July. IB9i
I'nder the law no more than two roads
•■■ ..v.^r on ■ street and thf com
pany granted the a .-<> nd franchise can i
■ M".-k< if the other's tracks.
In looking over the situation some per-;
GAMBLERS ABE
CONTENTED, BUT
CITY SUFFERS
Losses Through New
Patrol System.
The supporters of the new system of po
lice activity to prevent gambling in the
dens of the Mongolian district are legion,
but for reasons heretofore explained in
The Call the larg-est percentage of
supporters is composed of the Chinese
gamblers themselves. Although the pres
ent head of the Chinatown squad. Ser
geant Donovan, fails to strike terror to
the hearts of the almond-eyed gamblers,
as did the "white devil," Sergeant Price,
he cannot be blamed for so gaining the
support of these game-keepers and pa
trons.
The truth Is that Donovan's moves to
euppress the lawless element are Or:
by a board of strategy. Each night he
must report for instructions, and with
i ach instruction goes on his way the less
capable of coping with the situation as he
find it, for he must obey instructions.
The lunacy of the present syst< tn of pe
riodical visits to the various games of the
district has already been exploited by The
Call, but the disastrous financial result,
as far as the collection of fliie.s is con
cerned, has not before been ailuded to. if
the small figures representing the amount
of fines paid into the treasury- since the
inauguration of the new system denoted
a decrease in gambling there would lie
cause for universal rejoicing, but when it
Is manifest that sufficient evidence exists
rove that gambling never flourished
as at present and with so little Interfer
naught can bo said of the system
but in criticism and a wish prevail for a
change and a rauical change.
On April 21 the new system was inaug
HE HAD OVERLOOKED
MISSION ROCK ENTIRELY
.-.. f I \HKRE is ,in ex-Supervisor in town who has just made the (to him) *
O surprising discovery that there is one available portion of the peninsula °
<;> that waa overlooked by himself and associates while they were in of- ®
O flee, nnd he baa already begun to lay plans for another term, with a 2
-*- view to correcting the oversight. q
O This form ther is E. C Hughes, who mailo the. discovery that $>
♦ threatens to again Inject him into politics in a peculiar manner. • 6
9 Mr. Hughes, v.i t h s.,m._- friends, including Jeremiah Deasy, present mom- ®
O ber of the board, visited th<- Claua Spreckels building yesterday, and the J?
<»' party was conducted up to the cupola, 350 feet above Market Btreet, where the o
O big beacon glows at night. Mr. Hughfs was deeply Impressed with th.- grand- <v
| ear of the panorama spread beneath him and waxed eloquent. Turning to °
.i, Mr. Deas) and sweeping his arm around he said:
o "No fairer spol can l>e found on earth; no lovelier city was ever built o
♦ than tills! Over {his splendid domain I once held full sway, and now to you ®
O that same mighty power has passed. Do not abuse it; deal with these poo- <?>
♦ pie as fairly as did 1." 6
There was. a pause for an instant a? Mr. Hughes' oye alighted on some
q unfamiliar object out ii: the blue waters of the bay, and then he resumed, °
<«> though in a slightly altered tone: o
o "But what is thai peculiar object out there?" <§>
"The transport Sheridan," volunteered one of the gentlemen.
,? "No. it Isn't a ship. I im-an that dark object that resembles a fort q
O somewhat, lying .lust off shop and to the south of the transport!" <g>
♦ "oli. that— why, that's Mission Hock," resptonded the others in a chorus, o
° "Surely you ought to know that, Ed." <s>
♦ "Mission Rock nothing. You caii't josh your Uncle Edward on that, so o
O don't try it." <$>
♦ "Why. yes, it is. You certainly must have heard of Mission Rock?" O
"Ye-as, I've heard of it all right, but blame me if I hadn't always been led
q to believe that the hoard preceding the one 1 was in had gathered in Mission <g,
['• Rock, and anything they got hold of they moved off the map. Blessed if I o
W' can see lIOW our crowd made such a mistake as that." ♦
The entrancing panorama had become blotted out of Hughes' eyes, his ®
eloquence was stilled. What he longed for was to get back to terra flrma q
O and further Investigate the status of Mission Rock. <j>
O
sons profess to see in the application a
possibility of the Sutter-street Company
ending its relations with the Sutro line.
It is pointed out that Robert Morrow and
Mr. Grant, who control the Gutter-street
line, are also the minority stockholders
in the Geary-street road. If the fran
chise Is t.i be abandoned it is held that
their con sen must be obtained before it
can be surrendered." It is expected they
will naturally demand some concession
, for the Sutter-street line. It is reasona
ble to believe the concession would be
joint ownership of the proposed electric
road to the beach. Should that be brought'
about, eventually they would hardly con.
; tinue transferring to the Sutro line. This
I would leave the Sutro line without a con
necting link with the heart of the city.
It would undoubtedly destroy it. leaving
Clement street without a road. This Is
the business street of Richmond, and was
built up by the Sutro Company.
No franchise is asked for Point Lobos
avenue, which is taken as an intimation
that the Market-street Railway Company
expects to hold that great thoroughfare
on an old franchise. On June 3, L 892, .1
franchise was granted the Ocean Beach
Railroad Company, since merged with
the Market-street Railway Company,
from First avenue to the Cliff House
road. This was to run fifty years. No
work has been done on it, hence the claim
is made that the company has no legal
Tight to its possession.
The Iroquois Club has also taken a
hand in the tight. At a meeting last night
the following resolution, presented by K.
P. K. Troy, was adopted. It reads:
Whereas, The Market Street Railway
Company of San Francisco has applied to
the Hoard of Supervisors for numerous
lranchises; and
Whereas. This corporation has always ex
hibited an utter disregard of the rights,
comforts and even the lives of the people
and has frequently violated the law by lay
ing rails upon streets of this city with
out securing a franchise, namely: O'Far
rell street, from Scott to Devisadero, and
on Church street, from Ridley to Sixteenth;
and also destroying the only desirable
driveway to Golden Gate Park by laying
rails of a character dangerous to life and
limb on Devlsadero; and
Whereas, There Is a large number of
streets covered with its rails and slot!
unused, and it frequently abandons parts of
franchises to suit its own convenience; and
Whereas. it has steadfast!} refused to
adopt working brakes and life saving fend
ers; and
Whereas, The charter adopted by the
votes of our people expressly provides that
it is the purpose of the city to acquire its
public utilities and that no franchise shall
be granted for more than twenty-five years;
therefore. be it
Resolved, That the [roqula Club protests
rigainst the granting of any franchises at
the present time, especially to the grant-'
Ing of a franchise to the Market street
Railway Company to cover Geary street;
and be it further
Resolved, Thai we protest against the
Board of Supervisors granting the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company the right to lay
another steam railroad track through the
Mission district.
urated :'nd the j •■ >li<-*» "merry-go-round"
commenced. For a day "r h<i tin- Chinese
tnflted, but with cbaracti ristic
shrewdness they soon got the "police vis-
Its" timed and during the interim played
merrily away with no fear of Interfer- j
>!.'•■. Again, watches were so placed I
that the > xpected arrival of the police !
was heralded to the players In the vari
ous dens and when the Bquad arrived the '
door would swing open, .1 tew disconsol
ate appearing Chinese would be bi ated on
their haunches, perhaps another reading,
another smoking. A cursory glance
around would satisfy the squad, it would
leave and instantly in*- games would
open.
This system is still continued. As said
before, it was Inaugurated on April 21. In
cluding that day and tip to and includ
ing May 19, Sergeant Donovan and posse
made seventy-seven arrests. Out of this
batch lines were collected amounting to
(765. Of the seventy-seven gamblers ar- i
rested twenty-five were dismissd and
seven cases ar»- still pending. The preced
ing month, from and including March
2\ and up to and including the 18th of
April. Sergeant Price, under the old
system, which was "Investigated" ami
found wanting, made 224 arrests. Pines
were collected from tins.- gamblers
amounting to $2600, forty-flve cases were
dismissed and a few are still pending. In
other words a comparison will show that
under the old system 347 more arrests
were made, tin- city was enriched Sis:',;,
and less gambling was indulged in. The .
19th and 2oth of April— these dates, as
will be seen, being omitted In the calcu
lations—were occupied by Sergeants Prlc ■
and Donovan in consultations. Price was
preparing to turn the district over and
Donovan to receive it, consequently no
am-sts were made.
It will be seen from these figures that
under the new system the city will lose
about $2000 a month, $24,000 a year, and
still the "merry-go-round" continues, and
Chinese continue likewise.
To properly handle the Chinese district
it is evident that experience is required.
During the last two raids made under the
supervision of Lieutenant X.sola seventy
arrests were made, but each and every
case was dismissed.
Insufficient evidence to convict was
taken by the police on these occasions,
but on the long list captured by Price but
forty-live escaped, and the rest donated
to the city treasury for their wrongs.
Doubtless the old system was the best
system— the Board of Strategy notwith
standing.
New lighj on Christian Science and
its development in next Sunday's
Call.
THE SAN FTCANCISCO CALL* SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1899.
SCHOONERS
IN COLLISION
ON THE BAY
Harvest Queen Ran
Into the Relief.
ABBIE ALSO DID SOME DAMAGE
TORE CITY OF STOCKTON'S PORT
QUARTER OUT.
The Marine Underwriters Reward
Captain Whitney— Captain Pierce
Will Not Be the Master
of the Grant.
There were two collisions on the water
front yesterday. The schooner Harvest
Queen drifted down on the tug Relief and
was nearly sunk, while :he schooner
Ahhie ran into the river steamer City of
Stockton and tore away nearly all her
pert quarter.
The fact that the wind was light and
there was a very strong flood tide ac
counted for both collisions. The Harvest
Queen was bringing a load of shingles
from North Beach, when she got caught
in the tide rip off Mission-street wharf.
H carried her along at a good rate of
speed, and the captain congratulated him-
THEY MET AND THEY PARTED.
THE crew of the schooner Mary Dodge was given a very pleasant surprise at sea on May 22. It was a
beautiful night and right ahead the lookout on the schooner could make out a British bark. The
Dodge rapidly overhauled the larger vessel and then Captain Hansen made her out to be the Moel
Eilian, frrm Pisagua fo~ San Francisco, with nitrate. The Mary Dcdge was on her way here from
Honolulu. As the latter came up all on board heard from the forecastle head of the Britisher the strains
of the "Star-Spangled Banner." This was followed by "Yankee Doodle," "Dixie," "Maryland, '"'Marching
Through Georgia" and other American melodies. The crew of the Moel Eilian is a musical one and it has
a band of its own, composed of a comet, flute, accoidion, tin whistle and two drums. Captain Hansen says
that in all his life he never heard such perfect music as that which floated over the moonlit waters from
the Moel Eilian.
self on the time he was making. Sud- I
• l.iily the wind dropped light and the
Harvest Queen lost steerage way. Be
fore the anchor could be dropped the tide
had carried her across the bow <>f the \
Relief. lying at Folsom-street wharf. -and
the Harvest Queen was cut down to the
water's' edge. Nearly all her cargo had
to li.- lettisoned to keep her from Sinking
and then the tug Amelia took her to the j
Mission mud flats.
'l'h' Ahl>i> was on her way out to Cas- ,
par and the City of Stockton had stopped
t.> allow her v> pass. The wind and tide
again took command and the Abl>ie
sheered into the steamer, carrying away
over twenty-five feet of the steamer's
port quarter.
Captain Pierce is not going out in the i
transport Grant after all. He gave up'
the command of the Centennial in order
to be captain of the big steamer, but the ,
powers that be at Washington havo
changed all that, and a .man is now on :
his way out from the Kast to take com
mand of the transport. It seems to be ',
a case of "very hard lines," but the
chances are that Uncle Sam will take care
of Captain Pierce on some other vessH.
The Grant .will get away next Monday
with about 1500 troops aboard.
The Sheridan came off the drydock yes
terday and will !><■ coaled in the stream.
Bhe will then go back to her berth at the
Government wharf to load for Manila.
The marine underwriters remembered
Captain Whitney of the Klihu Thomson
yesterday. For bringing the steamer
safely into port after she had lost her
propeller they presented him with a gold
watch and chain, a diamond locket and a
check for |600. 'liny also gave him a
check for $250 to divide among the men
who assisted him. On the inside case of
the watch was engraved: "From marine
underwriters on S. S. Klihu Thomson, to
Captain J?. B. Whitney, in recognition or
meritorious services. San Francisco, May,
l>s;»9 " The presentation was made by J.
J? I-evison of the Fireman's Fund, and
Captain Whitney responded in a neat
little speech.
In August, 189 S. the board passed a reso
lution to the effect that no employe should
hypothecate his salary on pain of dis
missal This rule has been more honored
in the breacji than in the observance, but
now the Commissioners have issued a
new edict, and the next time a money
lender presents an order the employe who
gave it willbe dismissed.
Captain Lew Williams will take the
bark Alaska out to-day. She is bound for
the gold lields and Captain Cogan was to
have gone north as master. He is very ;
sick at his home in Alameda. but expects
to be well enough to rejoin the vessel at j
St. Michael.
The steamer Portland will get away for |
Unalaska and St. Michael next Monday.
Bhe will call at Victoria. B. C, for cargo
and passengers on the way north. The
Bertha will lie ready about the sth of.
June and will sail direct for UnHlaska.
St. Michael and Cape Nome a few days
later The Alaska Commercial .Company
expects big travel, as the inquiries about
the gold 1 fields are very numerous.
To C. Herlitz, the energetic manager of ;
McNear's wharf at Port Costa, is due the
credit of having shipped in one day the ,
heaviest cargo ever loaded at this port.
On Wednesday 2'1.K00 sacks of wheat were
put on board the British four-masted bark
Pyrenees. Tills enormous Quantity was
handled by one gang only between the
bouds of EL m. and 5 p. m.. notwithstand- !
ing the fact that considerable time was
taken up shifting from one hatch to an- |
other and rigging up the necessary gear, j
Stewart Menzies & Co. of San Francisco
were the stevedores, who took it away as
fast as Manager Herlitz could pour it on
board.
THE WHEELS OF
JUSTICE CEASE
THEIR GRIND
No Money to Maintain
Jurors.
JUDGE COOK CALLS A HALT
CRIMINAL DEPARTMENTS HAVE
CLOSED THEIR DOORS.
«
The Board of Supervisors Will Take
Steps on Monday to Provide
Such Funds as Are
Necessary.
The public larder is empty and the
wheels of justice have stopped their
grind. Yesterday morning Judge Cook
announced that the criminal departments
of the Superior Court would try no more
cases until provision had been made to
feed the jurors sitting- to determine the
guilt or innocence of accused persons
brought before the bar. This decision
was reached after due deliberation on the
part of the Judges of this branch of th.}
court — Cook, Lawler and Dunne — and they
intend to adhere rigidly to their decision.
All prisoners in custody are entitled to
trial within sixty days after their incar-
eeration, and in event the matter of cre
ating a fund to supply the jurors with
food is not arranged by the Finance Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors with
in that time the doors of the city jails
will be thrown open and a dangerous
host of criminals will stalk forth to re
new t heir chosen vocations.
A short time ago it was announced that
the fun,d created to pay restaurant bills
incurred on behalf of the jurors was ex
hausted. Thursday at noon the* jury in
whose hands the fate of John J. llierer,
charged with manslaughter, rested was
ordered into the custody of the Sheriff,
and a deputy was directed to take them
to lunch. The twelve men good and true
were marched to a near by restaurant,
but the keeper refused to feed them with
out money in advance, saying that he
could not trust the city for the outlay.
The jurors were returned to court, and
when Judge Cook's attention was called
to the matter he disbanded the jury and
ordered its various members to return
yesterday morning to deliberate upon a
verdict. At noon yesterday the jury
came into "court and asked for further
time, and then the court instructed them
that they could not l.c fed. The Jury re
turned to the deliberation room and for a
couple of hours these hungry men dis
cussed the evidence in favor of and
against the accused. Finally they came
into court and entered a verdict of not
guilty. The court then dismissed the jury
and went into consultation, with Judges
Lawlor and Dunne. The Judges hold that
juries are entitled to maintenance and
care by the Sheriff during the time they
are in custody, and if maintenance can
not be assured them the Judges will re
fuse to call them into court. Ofttimes,
they say. juries require as many as twen
ty-four hours in which to arrive at a ver
dict, and to prevent a miscarriage of jus
tice they should be properly cared for
during that time and will be, else the
criminal department will close up and the
jails will be emptied.
Later in the day Attorney Peixotto, rep
resenting Sheriff Martin, appeared before
the Finance committee of the Board of
Supervisors and after stating the action
taken by Judge Cook asked that some
steps be at once taken to provide money
for the maintenance of jurors.. In reply
Chairman Perrault stated that the mem
bers of the committee would hold a con
ference with the Auditor and Treasurer
to-day and decide as to how best to meet
the {"mergency. The committee will re
port to the board on Monday, and that
body will no doubt pass whatever author
ization may be necessary In the prem
ises. The action contemplated is the
transfer of money from one fund to an
other.
■ ♦ ■
Vagrant Girls.
Etta Birmingham and Stella Risley, two
girls in their teens, were arrested yes
terday by Officers Graham and Fitzgerald
and lodged in the City Prison on charges
of vagrancy. The first girl went to I,ark-
Bpur recently with a family named Dyer,
living at Nineteenth and Valencia streets,
and, stealing two vail sea full of clothes,
returned to this city. She then coaxed the
Kisley girl, who was employed a.s a do
mestic by a family named Cohen, living
at 1009 Greenwich street, to leave there
for a short pleasure tour. "When the His
ley girl did not return yesterday the police
were notified. The officers found her com
ing out of a saloon in the tenderloin dis
trict. The Birmingham girl was arrested
In Alameda and the discovery made that
both girls had been on a "spree" with a
local real estate dealer, for whom the
police are now searching.
R. T. Brodek, late prop. Baldwin Hotel
barber shop. Is located at 22G Powell. •
BUCKLEY WANTS
HIS OLD POWER
BACK AGAIN
Forming Clubs in All
the Districts.
HE IS WORKING VERY QUIETLY
RUMORS CONNECTING HIM WITH
VARIOUS FACTIONS.
The Blanket Ticket Idea Has Not Yet
Been Dropped by the Com
mittee of One Hun
dred.
The blind boss is the coming thorn in
the side of the local Democracy. He is
organizing and all the friends of the Com
mittee of One Hundred can say will not
keep the rank and file of the party out ;
of the secret. He is particularly strong
in the Twenty-ninth, and there are others
of the downtown districts where he is
strong enough to shQw himself in the
open, but there is not a district in the
city that he has not canvassed and in
which he has not men working. Ih some
he has small clubs; in others he has large
clubs, but in all he has some kind of a
footing and he is reaching for more.
There have been all kinds of rumors
regarding the workings Of the Bucktey
f action, many of them, it Is believed, hav
ling been set going by himself. He is
said to have been affiliated with every
wing of the party, respectable and other
wise, since he returned to search for his
former power. He h;is been credited to
the Committee of One Hundred more than
once, but most persistently is he con
nected with the prospects of Phelan. It
is believed that much of the talk con
necting him with Phelan is an outgrowth
of his own desires, but so far there have
been no denials.
Coupled with the rumor of Buckley and
j his Phelan flirtation is the well defined
] idea that if Mr. Phelan wishes to win
[ in his coming campaign he must come
j down to "practical" politics. The Com
mittee of One Hundred is about of the
: same mind concerning itself, but its prac
tical politics is of a nature peculiarly
its own. There is a minority in the com
mittee which has heard the Buckley ru
mors, and these men are asking that be
fore Mr, Phelan becomes their candidate
I he be requested to declare himself free
and loose from all sid.' Issues and petty
i bosses. If he does this he will lose his
1 chance of doing "practical" politics. If
he does not do so, it will probably cause
ail kinds of a row in the committee anil
the little bosses will profli anyway.
Kainey is doing very little so far, but he
has condescended to bury the hatchet In
the Twenty-ninth and join hands with his
! old-time enemy, Buckley. The Twt-nty
, ninth is Braunhart's district. He has al
ways considered himself sole proprietor,
! and when the idea of forming a club was
| broached to him he took it under advise
i ment and allowed the formation of the
j club to drag along listlessly. But now
I he has become most active. Both Buckley
! and Kainey have well organized clubs
; right in his own stronghold, and Braun
. hart is now out with another club of his
j own make into which he hopes to gather
; what he considers the temporarily falth
i less. The worst of it is the two foreign
| clubs seem to be on the best of terms
; with each other; it is practically a join
ing of forces.
The blanket ticket idea of the Commit
-1 tee of One Hundred has not been dropped.
It is still simmering, and if there is the
slightest chance of It going through it
will be the form of ballot submitted to
. the faithful at the next primary. The
i State Central Committee has advised
i that the precincts be given representa
, tion. and it was decided that such a plan
might be a good one. The idea was taken
| as a suggestion only, however, for it was
i pointed out that the State Central Com
i mittee had no jßwer to do more than ad
! vise the Committee of One Hundred; and
j even if it had, did not the Committee of
One Hundred control the State Central
Committee anyway— so what was the dlf-
I fer»>nce?
The outgrowth of all this has been the
quiet formulation of a plan of representa*
tion that, while seeming to have sub-
I stance, is really nothing but a shadow
i and a hollow one at that, if such a thing
I exist in the economy of nature. The idea
■to give a representation of sufficient size
to allow of a man from each precincet
I and then to so allot the entire number
I that only the districts solid for the com
! mittee will furnish the men, is one too
attractive and too "practical" for the
committee to let go without a tremor,
and it wUJ keep bobbing up. No one will
be surprised if it should be thrust for
', ward "with the announcement that all
j representatives will be chosen "at large. 1 '
Commander in Chief General Miles
and General Miller of the Iloilo expe
dition write about our new memorial
day in next Sunday's Call.
LEGACIES OF
THE CAMPAIGN
THAT MAY FAIL
Bills Party Managers
Will Not Audit.
TIME FOR THE WIND-UP
mclaugilin may call a meet
iitg of the committee.
Gage Threatens to Kick Against
the Board of Health Programme
Which Burns Has Pre
pared.
The executive committee of the Repub
lican State Central Committee had very
nearly reached the order of "unfinished
business" when the contest for United
States Senator called some of the mem
bers to Sacramento. The incidents and
events of the Senatorial campaign em
bracing the part which the Republican
"organization" played in the contest are
still so fresh in the minds of the people
that it is hardly necessary to recount the
failures of the session.
The "unfinished business" of the exec
utive committee must be adjusted some
time, and many leading Republicans
fancy that Major Frank McLaughlin
could not do a better thing than call the
members together at once for a final set
tlement of affairs. In the language of
the prize ring fraternity, it is time for the
"wind-up."
The aspect of affairs is not delightful, j
The statement is made by one member of j
the committee that there is no money in !
I the treasury, and yet there are many un- i
: paid accounts. The fact is known that the
Republicans were generous contributors to
theeampaignfund for the election of Henry
1. Gage and his associates. Among the'
: liberal contributors were "sound money" !
I Democrats, who were firmly convinced ■]
j thai the welfare of the State demanded I
the success of the Republican party.
There is a record in the committee's
possession of many cash contributions.
; This record, together with the memoranda
: t,t what might be called cash donations
out of the regular order, ought to show
the aggregate amount of coin received.
The vouchers on hand should show the
disbursements and the amount of the un
j paid claims can be easily ascertained. It
i will be an easy matter, therefore, to de- i
lermine the amount of money required to ■
liquidate all outstanding obligations.
The auditing committee consists of j
Judge Nusbaumer, Phil Lilienthal, Judge .
Hart, Wendell Easton and Paris Kilburn.
The last named is treasurer, but cannot
pay bills unless thf same be audited.
: Several members of the auditing com
• mittee assert that they will never audit :
! bills for certain services at Sacramento. I
' They take the position that the engage- !
! ment of rooms at the Golden Eagle Hotel i
was unauthorized so far as the executive \
committee was concerned and therefore j
cannot be charged to the account of the '■
j organization. There is no certainty but j
i only a surmise that the party will be |
' asked to pay certain bills con-tracted at I
Sacramento. An effort was made last |
! winter to obtain the written consent of j
' a majority of the members of the exec
■ utive committee for the maintenance of
headquarters at Sacrnmento. but when
The Call hegan to make inquiries oon
cerning the character of the document
and the names of the signers efforts to
obtain signatures were suspended if not
abandoned.
A leading member of the committee said
yesterday: "I do not believe that Mc
i Laughlin. Kilburn, "Watt and Steppacher
will put in claims for money expended at
; Sacramento. I am sure that the auditing
> committee will never approve sucn
claims. There is llkeW to be a lively time
; when the executive committee meets, and
i the meeting must take place sooner or
later. We might as well settle the matter
'■ now as defer the question. 1 know that
, several Republicans will speak their
minds when the committee gets together
to discuss the subject. Th<e power to call
a meeting of the committee rests with
Major Mclaughlin." .
Governor Gage, D. M. Burns. Major Jic-
Laughlin and Phil Crimmins cannot agree
as to Board of Health appointments. So
; far Burns has had things pretty much his
i own way in the distribution of patronage,
: but the report comes that Gage is inclined
to kick against Burns" Board of Health
' programme. Martin Kelly ajid Phil Crirn
i mins have taken steps to en-.ghten the
Governor concerning the limited range of
Burns' Influence in local aff rs.
The Governor has arranged to attend
the annual meeting in the valley of the
Board of Yosemite Commissioners. If he
does not change his mind he will an
nounce Board of Health appointments on
the eve of his departure for the valley.
The adjutant general and Labor Com
missioner may be named before the jaunt
■to Yosemite begins. Major Bj C. Tru
! man. who reported the ttrst but not the
worst speech made in California by Go\
ernor Gage, will leave Los An eles this
i evening to attend a meeting of Commls
; sioners in this city on Monday to or
-1 ganize the Paris Exposition Board.
BROKERS MADE HAPPY.
City Attorney Declares That Seats in
the Stock Board Are Not
Taxable.
The following opinion relating to mat
ters of taxation will be welcome news to
holders of seats in the San Francico Stock
and Bond Exchange:
SAN FRANCISCO. May 26, 1599. j
Washington Dodge, Assessor City and County
- D ear sir; in your communication of the 24th
inst you Inquire If the members of the San
Francisco Stock and Bond Exchange should be
assessed for their seats or the right of mem
bership held by them in such exchange. The
constitution of this State defines property, sub
ject to taxation (Article XIII. Sec. 1) as
••moneys debits, bonds, stocks, dues, fran
chises and all other matters and things real,
personal and mixed, capable of private owner
" Does a seat In such an exchange or board fall
•within any of the terms used in the constltu-
In ' the cases of Lowenberg vs. Greenbaum
(99 Cal., 162) the court defined a seat upon the
San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board as
being merely "a personal privilege of being
and remaining a member of a voluntary asso
ciation with the assent of the associates." And
in the case of San Francisco vs. Anderson (103
Cal., 70) the court held such a '."seat" to be
too impalpable to go Into any category of tax
able property. "It Is a mere right to belong to
a certain association with the latter' consent,
and to enjoy certain Deri tea] privileges and
advantages which flow from membership of
6iich association. Those privileges and advan
tages cannot be transferred without the con
sent of the association, and a forced sale of
them would not give to the purchaser the right
to occupy said seat."
It has 'also been held that a seat on the San
Francisco Produce Exchange Is not taxable
property (San Francisco vs. Wangenheim, 37
Pac. Ren. 221).
Assuming that the San Francisco Stock and
Bond Exchange js. similar in organization to
the San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board
and the San Francisco Produce Exchange, I
advise that seats upon such exchange are not
subject to taxation. Respectfully.
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
''■'■;•'■''■■ Attorney- and Counselor.
Handball Game Entries.
The games to bo played at Phil Ryan's
handball court, 858 Howard street, on
Sunday will be lively and entertaining.
The second series of the return game for
the Ryan trophy will be contested by
E. Foy and M. MaKUire vs. J. White and
E. Curley. Other entries are:
J. Dowline and M. Mcrure vs. P. Ryan and
J. Lawless; T. Foiey and J. Klrby vs. D.
Regan and M. Klrby; A. McVlcker and T.
I.ydon vs. G. Smith and .1. Condon; D. RoUgers
and M. McNeil vs. G. McDonald a/id P.
Steiner; J. Rlordnn and M. Dillon vs. J. Ilarlow
and E. Maloney; J. C. Nealon and A. Hampton
v*. M. J. Kilrallon and R. Unehan. The sec
ond series of games for the medal between R.
Toy and M. Magruire vu. J. White and K. Cur
ley.
Trunk moved, 25c; furniture, pianos, freight.
Slcnal Transfer Co.. 530 Jonea; tel. Sutter 441.
THOUGHT THEIR
PATIENT HAD DIED
FROM SMALLPOX
Alarm at the Harbor
Hospital.
A VOLUNTEta HAD MEASLES
SUCCUMBED TO THE DISEASE AT
COUNTY HOSPITAL.
Owing to Suspicions of Contagious
Disease Ail Persons Brought in.
Contact With Him Are
Vaccinated.
The death of James W. Gustin at the
City and County Hospital on Thursday
has created a scare among all the people
with Whom he was brought in contact.
Malignant measles was the cause of
death, but the report gained currency
that he was suffering from smallpox.
"When the Sixth Infantry arrived from
the East last Monday it was accom
panied by W. Gustin. He wore the uni
form of Uncle Sam's men and said he
belonged to the Sixth, but was not at
tached to any company. At the Govern
ment wharf he was taken ill and was re
moved to the Harbor Hogpital. Dr. Hop
per made a cursory examination, and
rinding the man to be seriously ill at once
notified the medical authorities at the
Presidio. After some delay an army doc
tor arrived. After questioning Gustin, he
found he was a discharged volunteer and
did not belong to the regular army. He
therefore declined to have anything' to
do with the man.
In the meantime Gustin was suffering:
a great deal, and as he had all the symp
toms of typhoid fever the City and Coun
ty Hospital officials were notified and he
was moved there. He was placed in a
ward, but owing to the serious condition
of the man he was moved to a room In
which there were other men afflicted with
measles. These men were under the care
of Dr. William W. Kerr, one of the visit
ing physicians. At his suggestion Gustin
was isolated in order to allay the fears
of other patients, who had an impression
he was suffering from smallpox.
The man died on Thursday. Dr. G. E.
Sussdorff, superintendent physician of the
hospital, together with Dr. Reilly of
Cooper College, and Dr. Jules Franken
hHm of Tnland College pronounced it a
case of malignant measles, with suspected
intercurrent measles. No autopsy was
held, it being considered unnecessary. As
there had been a question as to the pres
ence (>f smallpox, Dr. Sussdorff ordered
the body placed in a sealed casket.
As an additional precaution, all persons
exposed to the supposed contagion were
vaccinated, while the rooms were disin
fected. Down at the Harbor Hospital
there was a decided scare.
Mrs. Andrew, the matron, had done
everything in her power for Gustin, and
Driver Kelly had given her assistance.
Drs. Hopper and Fine had examined the
patient, while Drs. Fitzgibbon and Oliver
had been in to see him several times.
Mrs. Reid, the night matron, and George
Liby. the driver who is on night duty,
had also been in attendance upon Gus
tin.
When the news of the death reached
the hospital Dr. Fitzg'bbon at once vac
cinated all the persons named. He de
clined to be treated himself, saying lie
had been vaccinated six months ago. The
others wiinlii not h» denied, hnwover, and
while some held Fitzgibhon, Dr. Fine vac
cinated him over the right knee. Each one
as he was cut with the lancet gave a yell
of pretended pain and fear and by the
time the last operation had been per
formed there was a crowd of several hun
dred people around the hospital.
Dr. Sussdorff hopes the scare will has
ten the erection of a building by the Su
pervisors in which persons suffering from
contagious diseases may be placed. At
present they endanger the health of the
inmates in the great public institution.
Invited to Vallejo.
MARE ISLAND, May 26.— An invitation
has been sent to the Veteran and Ex
empt Firemen of San Francisco to join in
the Fourth of July celebration in Vallejo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, yg. It is a marvel how-
L=J9 jsr some men will, risk their
»^S^>Sr lives by sheer neglect.
w=|sly^ T^? cv s ' ee P away entirely
'^^^a oblivious of the danger
; '^p)H creeping upon them. Men
i J\^> can hardly be made to re-
•^^g--V alize that a little sput-
ml\f^^\ tering spark of disease
W.<\ xXV which. might be stamp-
•jT^V^JiVK ed out in an instant
»%k -^f/l > may mean death if it
;iK^—^(i2l.jis allowed to keep on.
gf^W ZL^cL Dyspepsia, con-
n I \Pi\\S\ s . u P at j° n a , n d
yj' j^S • v^l \ I*ver1 * ver complaint
SjV~T T 1* 1 i \\\ seem like trifling
J f]POWD£)mJ \\\ matters but they
r - J IT Ir \\\ win eventually
' -^A I) / 'L-J \ wreck the con-
.^\ ..i^&^gS&tfma st ' t " >; "' 1 — '
>^ ■ * ■!»»■ --»< r surely as a
(rrm / 4f& -"*■ spark will blow up a keg of
/< ?./^-powder.
/ 3>x/. ■»* If your health is not strong
«A, ~\ and vigorous it is a simple
•* (\\l/ and sensible thing to write to
'^t'^i: Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief con-
IVY suiting physician to the In-
. valids' Hotel and Surgical
Institute, of Buffalo, N. V., and obtain from
him and his staff of eminent specialists,
without charge, professional advice which
will enable you to put your constitution on
a solid basis of health and strength forth-
with, before th#ie ailments have a chance
to reduce you to a physical wreck.
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery is
acknowledged as the most wonderful med-
icine ever devised for those diseases which
are caused by imperfect action of the liver
and digestive organs.
Mr. F. M. Robinett, of Xenophon, Hancock
Co., Term., says in a letter to Dr. Pierce: " I can
heartily recommend Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery for indigestion and torpid liver. I
tried different doctors with but little result. I
could scarcely eat anything— it would put me in
such dreadful distress in ray stomach. I had a
dull aching pain in my stomach, and continual
hurting behind my shoulders, bad taste in my
mouth, tongue coated brown, had faint spells
with a tired worn-out feeling. I took eleveu
bottles of • Golden Medical Discovery ' and re-
ceived great benefit. lam now able to work. If
it had not been for this wonderful remedy I be-
lieve I would Dot be living- to-day."
The most difficult diseases to cure are
those which are aggravated by constipation.
' In such cases Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets
should be taken in conjunction with the
" Discovery. " They never gripe. All good
dealers sell them.
DR. MEYERS
jgSff^^ =^S SPECIALISTS
Shew 1 FOR men.
jSSBg rt^ftQWti g-Jt^ Established IS Tear*.
W, 3*§Pm; PAY WHEN CURED.
\Jißll £-\ I ' *^° cn ar ? e for consul-
wU'foz. -—LMfimL- a tatton. Home cures
IWtW' rfttfWSSSui a specialty Private
1 °li',i?fe!f y.Kr'-TKia^f book, dlucnosle sheet
JwlS'' / vw nd advlce free by
WL^SmM^ 731 Market St., S.F
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, '
KEAKNEY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to 11 50 day;
15 to JS week: $8 to 130 month. I Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; lire grates la event
room; elevator runs all night.- ■/'.":•'
56
SATURDAY .7. MAY 27, 1899
.■-, ' ...■•.■.-•■'". . -s'-'=- " :.■:■■'■. ;■•, ■.«-.•'■•' f.- ;-■■■■". .-■
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE ..Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IMB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, IS CENTS PER WEEK.
Ftnjfle Copies, S cents.
Terms by Mi.lt, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (lncltldlnj Sunday Call), on* year $0.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00 i
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), t month* •>. 1.30
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «»5c
SUNDAY CALL One Year X.tiO
WEEKLY CALL, Oae Ye«r....- 1.00
AH postmasters are authorized to receive FubscrtpUons.
eanyile coplts will be rorwar.*.<>d wber. requeet«d.
OAKLAND OFFICE ~ 908 Broadway
f\EW YORK OFFICE.. Room 188,' World BtrHdlnft
C. GEO. KROGNE6S. Ad\-ertislnft Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE .'.Marquette Building
C. GEOR<3E KROG.NESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, open until
9--3 C o'clock 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock;. 615 Lar^ln street, open until 9-.30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market ;
£treet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh.
itreet. open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Moth ani the Flame."
("IrfiT'.d Openi Hnuse — The Gypsy Baron."
■
A] .: .: "In M .. • --a."
a."
Chute* Zoo and Free -r— Vaudeville every afternoon
and fv.riinc.
Olympian-Corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
Interstate l'anorama Co., M«iki«t street, near ElgUth— Bat-
Ue of Manila Hay. .
EgUtTO l^.Uhs-SwiiTiTninß.RaPf-s, etc. Tw-r.ty-Flf:h Ftreets,
Ice. Tobocpan Grounds, Dolorea and Twenty-Fifth streets,
Glen Park— Mission Zoo and Cirrus tcwlay.
Sliffnian-Oay Hall-Knelsel Conrort, This Afternoon.
RecreaticA I'ark— lias«-i>all to-day.
THE STRAW BOND INVESTIGATION
WHEN the Grand Jury began to i tigai
Court
K<
that the inquiry would
; ■ isc and n mprehensive
sible in order that the whole subject might be
' nown.
■ iw reason for 1 vrill be
d and thai • ■ . tion will be un-
i >\v that the
- on straw bonds
■ried on with impunity for so long a time
:.■ ,-\ | i bold they hardly
:en the
lvC been ti
in the matt* I is id th< Supervisors themselves
have shown an undue willi to relieve from
theif obligai I bonds that ha\
• straw
and with Supervisors rea ieve sureties
d bonds, the life of a criminal in San Francisco
has ; ■ 9 means an unpleasant 'me.
The > [< of the evil is far greater than the
public : -cd. .Attorney O'Donncll, who has
:d to !"■ >k after the recov
i iti d bi mds, stated to .a i tative of
The Call that when he wa i d to take chajge
•it eight years ago he discovered that
inized j,'an>r was in existence that made a living
of acce] '-■■■ bonds. By
rts 1 - ■ • dispei »ed and the
-. but Mr. * >'Donn< I
■'Within the past two years this pernicious
tin been rearing its head and many sureties en
tirely worth! ; ''ks in the
Police Conns and others have been extremely negli
gent in accepting bonds, if nothing worse, and 1 have
experiei it trouble in ■ m of the
I" >nd- ■ the < given that
they had been pigeonholed or mislaid. I have sug
many times in my reports to the Board of Su
pervisors a system whereby on< uld take
of and be responsible for all bonds accepted,
More particularly in the I'" : urts. I can
not watch the J' 1 rts and musl rely upon the
IrtS to notify me of any bond that is
not considered right. My dutj is merely to take ac
tion when a bond is declared forfeited. Therji i
party to l r>i| k •■ bonds, and
d index should be kept showing what hail
h bond."
It i- imp< rati ething 1 ■ ■ '•
to puni the straw bi >nd frau
being i i by the Grand Jury, but that steps
be taken to pre\ enl the future.
The evil has become so notorious as to be an open
• ttention has been dii the fact that
minals have been re!' .-••' before their
bail b< 1 filed. Persons known to be |
sional and iriveterafc "crooks" have been turned
loose in that summary way. h is time to have a clean
•I in the fraud-, and then
the adoption of some measure which will at least
ult in future.
Mark Twain, after having poked fun at all the
royalties of Europe for lo! these many years, rtiet
Wan- ntly when ushered into the presenc<
The j:re.-u American hu
morist, wl ipposed to be as read]
completely 1 1 ■ d. His. !■ 1
weakened and his teeth ■■ d. While ha
swallowed German verbs were gnawing at'his vital,
lips could not frame a Teutonic appeal for help.
For the first time in his life he wa an easy Mark.
] Ie was up against it.
Tin- Tinted Stat rnment is meeting with a
• tfban sol
what they have not earned. Fractious Cuban |
are urging their followers not to part with tl
honor for $75. A belief is current that the "patri<
would lose nothing b ng the money.
ticians interesttd in the future of the National
:ratic party intend to -'^cuss "Why Are We
■ St. Louis. The toasl "Where
Are We?" will not b< | until after the Presi-
I ( •!<■( ti< »n.
Admiral Schley. in declining to review his part in
thr Spanish war. says that those who assist in mak
ing history should not write it. The distinguished
sailor seems to have no particular objection, how
tory:
J. F. Price has decided not to contest Maude's seat
tii the Highway Commission. He is under the im
n that such a proceeding would be nothing
short of unladylike.
VERBAL RAILROAD INSPIRATION.
THE Evening Post of this city ought to be inter
esting to theologians. It is probably the only
existing and conceded specimen of plenary and
literal inspiration. Not dnly its ideas but its lan
guage . such as it is, are inspired directly by the Mills
thai grind unceasingly in the yellow building at the
intersection of Market. Montgomery and Post streets.
On Thursday it transmitted to an incredulous pub
lic a few of the latest railroad falsehoods. The Mar
ket Street Kail way Company has asked the Super
visors for so much of the earth, with two or three
trifling reservations, as lies on the northern side of
th<- city, between Market street, the bay and the
it, and a large proportion of the territory on the
southern side, between Market street, the bay and
the divi-hng line between San Francisco and San
Mateo County. It has pieced out and adjusted its
ing franchises so as to exclude all possible com
petitiou. It pr, /poses to connect the Post street and
the Geary rtrcet systems by a new franchise for one
k on Taylor street, which also unites with an old
unused franchise that ought long since to have
been forfeited It has also directed its agents in the
board to confer upon it a new franchise along Grant
avenue from Geary street to Bush street and down
to Sansome street. It has further ex
n of Montgomery street, of Sansome
street and of Battery street
These are only portions of the intricate network of
franchises and privileges of which the present clean
up of the Market Street Railway Company is composed,
but they arc sufficient for our present object, and the
omitted parts oi the gigantic scheme have been more
than once recapitulated in The Call. Surrounded and
entrenched by all the other franchises and privileges,
it has offered to surrender its existing cable franchise
on Geary street in return for a now franchise "to run
fifty years, but for the initiatory five without any
contribution to the municipal treasury. On this
street, between Grant avenue and Taylor street, it
claims to own another old and unused franchise,
so that on so much of the route it assumes that in
additi -ion it has a double grip. The
Street Railway is now substantially part of the
Market Street Railway system, but it has a s<
lity to bondholders of $671,000 that will not
ire until 1921, or about eighteen years after the
present franchise will expire. This deliberate fraud
is to be ratified by the new franchise, and it hae been
dy pointed out by The Call that, with this ac
quisition for fifty years ami an expenditure of
>00. interest at 5 per cent per annum on at least
two millions could be secured.
The railroad, through the Post, on Thursday last
ited the Geary street application from the re
: of the swindle in which it is an important
element, and, treating it as standing by- it -elf, inquires
why, if it is so valuable, the proprietors of three
morning newspapers that oppose the projected fraud
cannot singly or collectively outbid the Market
Street Railway Company and thus reap the larpe
ley anticipate from the steal. "Does any one
believe," says the railroad or Mr. Huntington or the
or all three — "that if this franchise had one
tenth of the value that it is asserted to have by
, Hearsi and De Young, any of
mid hesitate for a moment to secure
it over the Market street company, which, it is
• think of bidding anything like what
the franchise is worth? Here are three millionaires—
men who are Looking for business investments —
loudly clamoring that a valuable franchise of the city
is being given away, when any of them could 6ecure
it by making a fair bid therefor."
And, to clinch the proposition, attention is railed
fact that no immediate payment of money is
d, but that the responsible bidder-, offering
the lai .. ntage of gross receipts will take the
■
There are numerous answers to this correlation of
impudent mendacity. The Market Street Railway
ipany, which evidently has not examined its own
charter in connection with the Illinois decision
Pullman Car Company, considers adver
: tisjng a legitimate part of the railroad business. It
does not follow th;<t the owners of newspapers should
ide the purchase of street railway franchises as
mpaniment of that kind of investment.
But the truth is that, when the deary street franchise
is offered the Maria-: Str< el Railway Company will be
cessarily the # only bidder. Of incalculable value to
If, tin- purchase would he worthless to any other
idual or corporation. The monopoly, with its
dv] . im on four blocks of Geary street and
entire line flanked by and connected with
other branches of its gridironed system, could
afford to corrupt a dozen Boards of Supervisors, at
the highest known rate.-, in order to consummate its
■ '(■-a!'.- robbery. But it can laugh at competition
! the gullibility of any citizen who would believe
one of its false and bold assertions.
There are only two real questions in this business.
in-;. has a bare majority of the Board of Super
under the lead of a majority of the Street
Committee, absolutelj agreed in advance to adopt
the legislation dictated by the monopoly? To this
question an affirmative answer has already been twice
given. ■ md, can ;• bare majority control the
'i. or i- it i>. . • ssary to override the veto,-, of
tyor? Th< opinion seems to be that
section 68 of the consolidation act is hoi inconsistent
■.\ii!i the statutes of [893 and i*> 7, and so far there
; no evident c that two more votes arc in the market.
It cannot be too thoroughly drilled into the public
thai this shameless attack upon the municipal
it) CANN( >T be successful without palpable corrup
tion A Supervisor who would confer a franchise for
fifty years, when hi- own constituents have voted to
nty the, and when the latest expres
sion of thrir will, ratified by the Legislature, will bo
operative in seven months, i a I fcRTAINLY dis
as it is certain that two and two make four,
rvisor who will vote to exempt a corporation
from the payment of any percentage for five yea.rs
and then to exact an amount which will not exceed
.} per edit, when, under a new charter, framed by
Freeholders Of his own city, approved by popular
vote and - mcfioned by the Legislature, for five years
than 3 per cent of gross receipts can be col
lected, and after that for equal portions of twenty
years 4 and 5 per cent, MUST be a dishonest m^i.
A Supervisor who, within seven months of vie
operative force of a new charter that permits one
ilway company to u^e the rails of another for
ten Mocks, votes for a franchise limiting that use to
5T be a dishonest man.
These are .--elf evident and indisputable proposi
tions. It i> equally indisputable that seven Super
it vote five, but that five can frequently
k seven, especially if two of them would have
to be purchased by a railway corporation, and at
It t one of tli- two i> unapproachable at any price.
Mrs. Inez Adams, of Ukiati is a woman worthy of
more than passing fame. Discovering that her hus
band was infatuated with another woman, she packed
his grip in the presence of her rival and gave him
orders to pack off at once with both pieces of bag
gag©
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, MAY 27. 1809.
MORE REPUBLICAN OPPOSITION.
=I^X-GOVERNOR BOUTWELL of Massachu
setts is among the Republican leaders who op
pose imperialism. He has been Secretary of
the Treasury and has long been prominent in party
affairs and public matters. His words of warning
added to those of Republican United States Senators
and of the President himself deserve attention and
should be heard and heeded.
One of the most eminent of Western Governors
was William Larrabee of lowa, long a member of the
State Senate before his election for two terms as
Governor. He is now, by appointment of Gov
ernor "Shaw, chairman of the Board of Control,
which has charge oi all the State institutions, and is
lecturer on constitutional law and civil government
in the State University. In a recent lecture in that
institution he said:
"The President is not justified in the measures he
is now using and the plan he is following. We who
oppose expansion are called little Americans, while
those 'big' Americans are pursuing a course that
will bring disaster to our nation. The Philippines are
a country totally unfit for habitation by Americans
and offering no advantages except to a few ad
venturers. The people are 10,000,000 of the worst and
most unmanageable in the world. It will take a thou
sand years to teach them the first principles of Ameri
can citizenship, and as long as we hold them we will
have the opportunity to pay war taxes -and stain the
soil with the life blood of our young men. A great
mistake has been made. It was easy at one time to
avoid it. If the President had instructed the Com
missioners who made the Paris treaty to unload them,
instead of paying the price he did for this worthless
class of people and this non-productive land, the
question would not have appeared. It will cost this
country $50,000,000 per year to hold the Philippines
and the blood of many of our citizens. The islands
will be a constant drain on our population and our
purse, and, as for me, I wouldn't give the life of one
lowa boy for the whole land and its ten million
people."
These expressions were received with every demon
stration of favor, tor Governor Larrabee is a much
respected man and of great influence in his State. It
is noteworthy that the thoughtful opposition to im
perialism comes from the Republican party. Colonel
Bryan, who a year a^o wont to Washington and ad
vised war because it would be "good politics," is
crying in more or less of a wilderness against expan
sion, but the motive is the same — a desire to make
politics and seek party advantage. In his case the
(.lenient of principle is lacking, and if positions were
reversed he would as readily join Senator Morgan
and the Democratic expansionists as stand where
he is.
The matter is one for the deepest nnd most pro
found Republican consideration. Neither the Presi
dent nor the party is committed to any permanent
. A strong imperialist party exists within the
tanks of both parties and is trying to manufacture a
for the President and to whip the country into
it. There is no evidence thru these fanatics represent
him or that lie is in sympathy with their repudiation
of the Decalogue, the Declaration of Independence"
and the constitution. Indeed there is every ground
for belief that he will promptly purge himself of any
suspicion of sympathy with their mi-Republican propa
ganda. The most respectable opinion in both par
ti* s is opposed to the imperial scheme. By this we
mean the men who r.re in no sympathy with Bryan's
use of the issue as a jimmy to force free silver into
the treasury policy. Republicans who believe in lAn
roln and revere his memory cannot brook the policy
of holding subject races. To them it is as offensive
as to hold slaves. The hiiji and mighty doctrines of
the party, conceived upon the- best ideals and, held to
1 roled the i as dear to Republicans
now as when they were inscribe. l upon it > banners
in 185 ft and triumphed in iB6O. When those ideals are
exchanged for their antipodes the party will have
parted with its Hf< apd its epitaph may be written.
AN ANNOYING TANGLE.
ATTORNEY GENERAL FORD'S recently
submitted opinion that the office of Commis
sioner of Public Works h.Ts no longer a legal
existence brings to light another evidence of the
carelessness with which legislative work is done at
Sacramento, and the carelessness in this case is the
re annoying because it may compel a cessation of
I river improvement at a time when it is urgently
needed.
It appears from the record that no doubt can exist
as to the intention of the Legislature to continue the
office, which under the original art terminated March
I. The act which was sent to the Governor, however,
and signed by him, was not identical in form with that
which was passed by the two houses of the Legisla
ture. The Attorney General holds that the defect
vitiates the whole act, and consequently that the office
has landed.
A test case on the i^sue will of course be promptly
made up for submission to the Supreme Co.urt, and
ir is fair to presume an early hearing and decision
will be given by that body. In the meantime, how
it is probable the Board of Public Works will
have t-i suspend operations. In fact, H. J. Corcoran,
a member of the auditing committee, is reported to
have said: "The auditing committee's hands are
tied, and not one step further in the direction of
river improvements can be taken until the Legisla
ture meets and passes a new act creating the office."
Mr. Corcoran takes, perhaps, too hopeless a view of
the situation. Where legislative enactments are
vague in their terms Supreme Courts have not in
frequently construed them according to the plain in
tention of the framers, and such a course may he
taken by the court in the present case. Should such
be the decision ol the court the cessation of the work
i if river improvement would he for a shorter time
than Mr. Corcoran fears, and the wrong done to the
State by the carelessness of the officers of the Legis
lature would be less than he supposes.
The incident serve? to point once more the familiar
moral of employing competent and faithful clerks for
the performance of all the clerical work of the legis
: lative body. It has been the custom to make the dis
tribution of clerkships and offices of all kinds in con
nection with legislative sessions the spoils of party
politics. The persons chosen as attaches arc hardly
ever fit to (In anything except the lower sort of cam
paign work. They take their positions at Sacramento
as payment for past services and rarely think of giv
ing any earnest and careful service there. The conse
quence ft that bills are shuffled and huddled along
from one House to another and from the Legislature
to the Goyernor without much regard for accuracy.
Thus, unless the legislators themselves keep close
watch on measures in which they are interested,
blunders are almost certain to be committed. In the
present case the blunder is an annoying one under the
j best 'terms that can be made of it, and may prove to
j be costly in the extreme.
During the time yesterday that Admiral Schley
was on the top of Pikes Peak that eminence was cer
tainly the pinnacle of fame.
NEWS OF THE REALTY WORLD.
The real estate market continues dull,
although all the brokers appear to b< do
Ing something; and full of confidence In
the future outlook. No great revival [a
looked for, however, before fall, after the
crops have been harvested and the money
from the country begins to H'>w Into the
city. There is no question In the minds of
t hi*- more conservative dealers thai the at
tempt on the part or" a few to create the
Impression that prices were hound to go
up is responsible for the partial .stagnation
that at present characterizes the market.
Owners will ri'jt s.-ll for what their prop
erty la worth and Investors arc not pay
ing fancy prices. The latter demand prop
erty that will pay a fair Interest on the
price paid, and until the owners come to
a realization of the fact that there fs no
boom on transactions will bo necessarily
limited.
Still property Is changing hands dally
and some very considerable deals have
been consummated during the week, the
largest thus far heard from being a trans
action involving over $100,000, which was
ed through by Bovee, Toy & Sonn
tagr. For reasons best known to them-
B( Ives the names of both buyer and seller
are withheld* for the present, but the
money to bind the bargain has been paid
over and the deeds are now being pre
pared.
The Santa Fe is reported to be negotiat
ing for a block of land In the vicinity of
its recent purchase near the water front.
There are several available pieces, but
that which appears most available or
suitable to the purposes of the railroad
is the old United States Hospital block
on which the Sailors' Home is located.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have practically
concluded the leas.' of the new flve-story
building at the corner of Spear and Mar
ket streets to the United States for the
use of the Commissary Department. The
lease has been approved by Colonel Long
and the ratification of tho War Depart
ment is expected daily. The building is
owned liv \V. W, Young and occupies a
lot 46x137 feet. It is equipped with elec
tric passenger elevators, a freight ele
vator and two sidewalk elevators, and is
admirably adapted to the use of the Com
missary Department, which is badly
(ramped in its present quarters.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag also report the
following Bales made during the week:
Xine-room house, on the north side of
Claj street, 137:6 feet west of Scott, 25x
137:t>, from William Carrox to James de
Long Hay, at $9500; lot on the west side
ol Highland avenue, 22f< east of < 'otton
street, $325; lot on the west side of Fifth
avenue, 300 feot north of Point Lobos
road, 2."x1^5, from John McCrea to C.
Ericsson, at $MXt; improved lot on the
north side of Fell street, 131:H west of
Steitif-r, 56x136, I. Burke estate to M.
Kavanagh, at $6000; lots in blocks 142, 150,
155, 159, X.>;, 170 in Abbey Homestead to
Eva E. Feiher at $1600; building and lot on
the north side of O'Farrell Btreet, 103
wi st of Masorrl 34x137:6, Society of German
Freethinkers to James Cooper, at $20,000;
lot on the south side of Minna street, US
feel wesi 'if New Montgomery, 30x70, from
H. Shopman to H. Bother, at $2000; six
room residence and lot on the east side of
Douglas street. 178 feet north of Eigh
teenth, 25x125, from Emma Lowe to Fanny
Fame, at $17iK>: residence and lot on the
north side of Broadway, 103 feet east of
Fillmore, 34:4x137:6, from Mendelson es
tate to w Fistfer; lot on the north Bide of
Sutter street, 192 feel east of Broderick,
26x92. from Mary Edgar to T. M. Kings
worth, $21W.
ESariy in the week A. J. Rich & Co. sold
the Improved property at the northwest
corner of Minna and First streets, 15x150
feet, to Mrs. Callahan. The property
rents for $lKf> a month and the price paid
was $30,000. The same firm also made a
number of smaller sale.^ of residence prop
erty during the week, among them being
the three-flat building on the west line
of Baker Btreet, south of Fulton. 25x112:6,
to William J. La Koche for $9600; lot on
tli.- north line of Sacramento street, west
of Laurel, 25x100., to Thomas Harris for
$17' hi; lot on the west line of Pierce street.
north of Union, to J. Dorwood for $1500;
lot on D ptreet, west of ESlghth avenue.
2.ixlW. to B. H. Thatcher, and three lots
In Lake View, block 3, to D. Watkins at
»LV. each.
Henry Steam of th«-- firm of David
Steam A Cd. tins noi retired from the
real estate buahtesa, but can be found at
trw nffirt' of G. H. T'mbHfn <V Co.
The property on the northeast corner of
Stockton and Post Streets, belonging to
the estate of the late pioneer, Dr. James
Simpson, is for sale. It has a frontage of
80 feet on Post street and 4K:t; on Stockton,
and is regarded as a desirable location
for a store building . -,*;;;
The following transfers of real estate
were recorded during the past week:
Anna M. Whitney to Abbot L. Whitney, lot
on X line of Golden Gnte avenue, 107:G W of
Polk Street. W 2:. by N 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to S. S.
Tllton, Western Addition lot 247, bounded on
the N by Lombard street. W by Buchanan, S
by Greenwich and E by Lafruna; $— .
William H. and Ethel W. Crocker and D.
E. and Llllle Allison to Walter D. K. Gibson,
lot on X line of Broadway, 90 W of Buchanan
street. W 47:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Willlim K. Van Alen to Fannie H. Rosen
blatt, lot on SW corner of Clay and Lyon
streets, S 30 by W 87:6; $10.
Jennie P. J6nea to Annie T. Tubbs (wife of
Austin C.), lot on W line of Central avenue.
S7:SU a of Pacific avenue, S 30 by W 113:9; $10.
Adoifo dc Urloste to same, lot on NW corner
of Ja<"k*nn street and Central avenue, W 120
X 101:8»4; $10.
. Estate of Hannah Weed (by Charles A. Me-
Lane, administrator) to William A. C. Lange,
lot on S line of Frederick street, 800-7% W of
Cole, W 25 by S 137:6; also lot on 8 line of
Frederick, 32". :7^s W of Cole. W 25 by S 187:6;
$2520.
William A. C. Langre to Jonepha Lange (wife
of William A. C). lot on S line of Frederick
street, 800:74 W of Cole. W 60 by S 137:6; girt.
Emellne A. Sweeny to Joseph T. and Bridget'
J. O'Neil, undivided ',4 of following: Lot on
SE line of Mission street, -333:4 XE of Thir
teenth, NE 69:6, SE 135:3. SW 65:3V4. XW
139:10; also lot on S corner of Howard and Har
riet streets. SW 75 by SE 89: also lot on SK
line of Tehama street, 275 SV" of Fourth. SW
75 by PE '80; also lot on W corner of Crooks
and Townaend streets, SW 44. XW 60. SW 11:3,
KW 17:6. XE 55:3. SE 77:6; also lot on W line
of Arkansas street, 50 X of Sierra. NW 100,.
100. S 100. E 100: also lot on W line of Arkan
sas street. 175 X of Sierra, X 73 by W 100; $1.
Florence R. Frisbee to Carl and Theresa Erb,
lot on X line of Henry street, 105 E of Noe, E
25 by X 115 ; $10.
Same to Edwin W. Bennett, lot on SE corner
of Fourteenth and Xoe streets, 8 52:6 by E
105; $10.
Same to Charles J. U. Koenlsr. lot on S line
of Fourteenth street, 105 E of Noe, E 25 by 3
115; $10.
Mary E. Ludklg (wife) to John C. Ludwigr,
lot on W line of Capp street. 218 X of Twenty
third. X 2 by W 122:6: $10
Peter J. Collins and Mary E. Johnson to
Charles J. Jurman. lot on W ' line of York
street, 104 S of Twenty-fourth. S 26 by W 100;
510C0. -
Antolne and Grade Borel to Herbert E. Law,
lot on 8 line of Geary street, 137:6 W of Pow
ell, W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Samuel J., Hanna 0., Anna J., P. D., Louis
E. and Teckla J. Brun to Hou«?hton Sawyer,
Jot on X lin« of Sutter street, 24:10 X of Jones,
E 21 by X 66; $10.
Olive Verkouteren to M. Ballin. lot on W
line of Rhode Island street, 136:3 X of Napa,
X 25 by W 100; $10.
Joseph and Mary A. Pattlnson to Humboldt
Lumber and Mill Company, lot on W line of
Forty-sixth avenue, 175 8 of J street, S 25 by
W 120; $175.
Albert M. and Elizabeth A. Whittle to Aileen
J. Finkler (wife of Henry C), lot on S line of
N street. 82:6 E of Ninth avenue, E 35 by S
100; $10.
Charles Z. and Isabella M. Soule to W. Es
ters yon Krakan, lot on 8E line of Railroad
avenue, 77:10V4 XE of Twenty-seventh street,
NE 75, SE 136:11*. SW 75, NW 114:11>*. portion
of lots 4 and 5, block 495, Bay View Homestead ;
$10. •
Thomas W. Brennan to M. C. Hog&n, lot on
SE line of Railroad avenue, 27:10' XE of
Twenty-seventh, XE 50, SE 114:11%. 3 50. W
to beginning-, lot 5, block 435. same: $1.
W. C. and Mary G. Hoean to John A. Ja
cobs and Dietrich Otto (Jacobs & Otto), same;
$1. :•
John A. Jacobs and Dietrich Otto. (Jacobs A
Otto) to W. Esters vnn Kr;\k.in. same; $10.
Jacob Echrader to Henrietta Schrader. lot on
S line of Point Lobos avenue, 40 E of Collins
street, E 25 by 3 125; gift.
William A. Brown to Abbott L. Whitney
undivided V, of lot on X line of Golden Gate
avenue. 107:6 W of Polk street, W 25 by X 120
--$lO.
Alphonso Dam to Ernst Kaufmann, lot on W
line of Codman place. 57:6 S of Washington
street, S 20 by W 60. quitclaim deed; $5.
Lucy E. Dam to same, same, quitclaim deed;
George and Fanny H. Brown to James S
Jameson, all interest In lot on SK corner of
North I'ojnt and Taylor street, E 187:6 hv s
137:6; $6. . . ,! *
James H. and Salome S. Jameson to John E
Sharp, sumo, quitclaim deed: $000.
George Brown to fame, lot on NE corner of
Bay and Taylor streets, E 275 by X .137:6, quit
claim deed; $5.
Katie McDonald and Mary and Peter Mc-
Ardle to John F. Boyd. lot on SW line of How
ard court, 203 XW of Howard street NW •><
by SW 75; $10. ' ' **
William Abbott" to Samuel P. Blurnenben:
lot on XW line of Shipley street, 100 \ )■■ of
Sixth, XE 25 by XW 75; $10. ' Ot
Julia A. and John X. JleLeod to Annie o
McDonnell, lot on W line of Bryant street us
S Of Sixteenth (Center) S 25 by W 100; ili)
Estate of Eleanor Hall (by Gordon Hall 'ad
ministrator) to John W, Wright, lot on' XX
corner trf Twenty-fifth avenue and L street X
100 by E 67:6; $10. '
and Babetta Coha. la. William ua&
i' { ;,. k ':: n h x M 75 by t- t... m.« ft «d ». a*
■a SSSSK S«S2«2r«wSa itofft
waj < '""•''•,;.,,,!,,,. Tract and FWnnouni Bx
'"■-'" '..,' ", ' ?. ',*; f Vi:i" fro» NB corner
23 mlrn.lHj, \\ Ml U « minute E 36:3,
S^",.^'JJ.- X >^' S 16 degree, 23
m l" ft U n e N-e^ivclf Sethodi«t Episcopal Church
(by K. . I Whelan, ■ Sheriff) to Charles Goodall
and Andrew NeSbn. lot on N line of Bush
street. 95 15 of Van Ness avenue, E 31:9 by «
"Emma^Taylor to James R. Ford, lot on N
lln-5 of Post street, 06. 3 W of Goush. V* 30 by
Clinton and Sarah W. Jones to Bahr Sheide
man. lot on S line of Broadway, w>. 9 *• or
Fillmore street, E 68:9 by B 137:6; $10. ■
Estate of Magdalena Wlttmeier (by C. U.
Koehncke, administrator) to A. J. Rich, lot on
\V line of linker street, 100 S of Fulton. H ib
Richard" i^Kavanagh to William J. Dever-
Richard H. KavanHKh to William J-
eaux, lot on W line of Noe street, 60 N or
Beaver, N 25 by V." 120; $10. ' .
Wllhelmine C. Gerl to Henry L. Hupyel, lot
on E line of Florida street. W0 N of Twenty-
Eecond, N 25 by E 10); $1800.
Catherine TruMeau (Lang) to Ernest Lang:,
lot on E line of Mission street, 225 S of Twenty
fourth, X 35 by E 115; also lot on IsE I line of
Langton street, 225 SE of Howard, SE 2a by
NE 80; sift. _ ,
Anna L. Jones and Eva J. Brown to Charles
H. and Mattle V Crane, lot on W line of
Bartlett street, 120 S o£ Twenty-fifth, & 39 by
W 117:5; $10.
Mary E. Beale to Antonio Busalaccbt, lot on
S line of Valleja street, 97:6 E of Battery, E
•20 by S 45:10; $1630. Tr
Estate of Magdaleda Wlttmeier (by C. H.
Koehneke. administrator) to S. P. Blumenberg.
lot on E line of Stockton street. 69:6 N of Jack
son. N 34 by E SO; $4000.
. Estate of George W. Wegener, minor (by
A. T. SJogren, guardian), to Henry Wegener.
.ill interest in lot on N line of Lombard street,
68:9 E of Hyde, E 68:9 by N 137:6; $500.
Louisa J. and Alof T. Sjogren to Henry and
Emma Werner, same; $10.
Thomas D. and Susan E. Wakelee to Calvin
E. Knickerbocker, let on SE line of Natoma
street, 212:8 SW of First, SW 41:10 by SE. 80
(quitclaim deed); $10.
Charlotte J. Kelton (widow) to John A. Beck
wlth, lot on SE corner of Twenty-fourth (So
noma) and Kansas streets, S 75 by E 100; $10.
Emma L. and Louis A. Reyburn to Fred
erick A. McNally lot on W line of Third ave
nue. 425 N of Point Lobos, N 37:6, W 69:6%.
SW to a point E 74:l*i; $10. ; v
Fanny M., Harriet E.. Annie M.. Maud G..
Grace I. and William C. Winter, Mary E.
Wlckson and Francis E. Salic to Clarence S.
Winter. lot on NE corner of Tenth avenue and
N* street, N 150 by E 120; also lot on B line of
Twelfth avenue. 100 S of N street. 8 100 by E
120: also lot on SW corner of Eleventh avenue
and O street. S 100 by W 120; also lot on E line
of Tenth avenue, ISO S of O street. E 120, 9
243:9%, W 3*4:10. N* 234:10; also lot on NE corner
of O street and Eighth avenue. N T 100, E 35:3*4.
S to lands of Spring Valley Water Works, W
29:7; also lot on NW line of Mission road, 34 J
SW from Intersection of Spring Valley Home
stead Association, SW 25, NW 236:4, E 29.67,
SE 219.08; also property outside of county; $10.
Estate of Clarence B. Winter (minor, by
Fanny M. Winter, guardian) to Edwin Law
rence, lot on NE corner of Tenth avenue and
L street. X 180 by E 120: $lf>oo.
Annie M. Winter to tame, lot on E line of
Tenth avenue, 160 N of N street, N 150 by E
120; $10.
E. O. Benner to Ellen M. Benner, lot 277,
Gift Map 3; $10.
Patrick Coen to William Reed, lot on NE line
of Seventh avenue south, 200 NW of L street.
NW 25 by NE 100. lot 123. block 122. Central
Park Homestead; $10.
John B. Lewis to John G. Klumoke. lots 20
and 21, block 3, Fairmount Tract; $15.
William and Lizzie Doran to Henry F. Wieg
mann, lot 5, block 4S. Sunnyside; $10.
Henry C. and Grace L. Stilwell to George A.
Patterson, lot on BW corner of California ave
nue and Eugenia street. S 70 by W 70:6, lots 31
to 33, Cobb Tract; $10.
Pierre and J sepn.ne Dupuy to J. G. Dem
ing, lot on NW corner of Larkin and Eddy
streets, N 25 by W 85: $10.
Estate of Hannah Bremer (by Michael Tier
ney, executor) to Albert J. Raisch. lot on S
line of Oak street. 110 W of Stelner. S 120:4, NW
32:8. N 107:2, E 30; $8000.
Albert J. and Emma V. Raisch to Mary A.
Dryden (wife of George H. S.), same; $2100.
. George H. S. Dryden to same, same; gift.
Joseph and Katharine Partmann to Mary Hil
l-brand, lot on N line of Eddy street. -150 W
of Pierce, W 30 by N 75; also lot on E line of
Fan-en avenue, 75 N of Eddy street, N 23 by
F. 90: $10.
' Catharine yon I>obrogroiski (Sullivan, wife of
Victor I.) to Hepburn WUkins, lot on S line of
Clinton Park, 205 E of Dolores street. E 25 by
S 75; «10.
Frederick W. and May E. Bridge to William
and Eml'.ie Bohle. lot on S line of Twentieth
• street,-25 W of Alabama, W 60 by B 104; $10.
John Canney (Kanney) to June Canney >Kan
ney). lot on W line of Fair Oaks streets, 31 S
of Twenty-second, S X by w 117:6; gift.
Jacob and Lina Heyraan to William and Mary
J. Hohn, i lot on E line of Hoffman avenue
(Ellen), 26:8 S of Twenty-third, S 25 by E 90.
lot 12S, Heyman Tract; $10. ■
Martha Buckelew to Mary E. Beale, lot on 9
line of Vallejo street. 97:6 E of Battery, E 20 by
S 45:10; $10.
Quan Line and Chun Hop Chow to Chan
Kwon« Sun, undivided flfteen-thirty-fourths of
half of lot on E line of Bartlett alley. 112:6 N
of Jackson street. >■' 25 by E 80; 11500. •
Antotne and Gracie Rorel to Hermann Fri
dahl and Charles A. Sandahl. lot on E line of
Twelfth avenue, 250 N of California street, N
25 by B 120; $10.
Earnest. Alfred, Godfrey and Theodore Rue
ger and Frieda B. Gerrich (Rueger) to Gus
tave Gnauck. E 58 feet by 100 of lot 115, block
140, Central Park Homestead; also lots 35, 36.
ISO 239 and 240, Spring Valley Homestead: $1.
Frederick Plfeger to Nicholas Ohlandt. lot on
SE line of Falcon street, 252:1 NE of Moss, X
50 deg. 20 mm. E 25, S 44 deg. E 112. B 49 dog. 50
mtn. W 25. N 39 deft. 45 mln. W 112, lot 6,
block 3. Market-street Homestead; $2454.
Estate Daniel Lapouble (by J. P. Verses,
administrator) to Marie Lapouble. undivided
half of lot OH SE line of Cayuga avenue, 320 NE
of Onondaga street, NE 160 by SE 401. lots 3,
4. 13 and 14, block 13, West End Map 1; $1250.
The following builders' contracts have
been recorded:
George Hamper (owner) with G. G. Gillespie
/contractor), .architect none — All' work for a
two-story frame building on X line of I,arkin
street, 61 Xof Turk, X 19:6 by X 50. Frame up,
1600; brown coated, $600; completed and ac
cepted, $600: 35 days later, $600; total, $2400.
May M. Christie, wife of Robert (owner) with
Henry Rowe (contractor), architect owner—
work for a two-story and basement frame
building on AY line of Cole street, 25 X of
Frederick, 25 by 100; $2700.
William G. Irwin (owner) with Gray Bros,
(contractors), architects Reid Bros.—Excavat
ing and concrete work for residence on NE cor
ner of Washington ana- Laguna streets; $5230.
. Goldberg, Bowen A Co. (owners) with George
R. Lang (contractor), architect Edward R
Swain— Framing timber, sheathing, furring
wrought iron work, ventilators, floors, doors,
windows, shutters, interior finish, stairs, gal
lery, covering of 'pipes, hardware, glass and
glazing for a four-story brick, wood and stone
building on X line of Sutter street. 137:6 E of
Grant .avenue. X 137:6 by X 54:6; (12,730.
Jonas Schoenfeld (owner) with val Franz
(■contractor), architect S;ilfi^M & Kohlberg—
All work except plumbing, plastering, painting
concrete and brick work for three three-story
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS. r
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING.
L P. DEGEN Manufacturer of Reltlne
v. i. " I '' UL '«» Lace Leather. 105.107 Mis-
glon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BO LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repair* and Ship
. Work.
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST. ,
Telephone Main 5045. '_
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, •
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powel!.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery. ;
COAL, COKB AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564. •
COPPERSMITH. »
JOSEril FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. Mrt.
C. W. Smith. Ship PlumMnar. Stenmboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16. and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 564 1. #
DRUGGISTS iV»HOLESALB\
REDINGTON & CO. jg&rtfgsa
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. .
JAS OUICJ & ffl ■ Shipping Butchcra.. 101
JA3- DUILO ft Wf,, Clay. Tel. .Main 1294.
~~- HARDWARE. ~
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importer* and Deal- j
era In hardware, 603 Market; tel. Main 753 i
frame buildings on S line of Pine street, 187 •«
W of Octiivla, W 87:6 by 9 137:8; $13,940.
Angela ill* (owner) with B. Martin (con
tractor), architect owner- work for a tw'o
story frame building on N E corner uf N oe and
H*nry Btreet*. N 27:5 by B 105; $3050.
William O. Irwin (owner), with Gladding
M.l'.iai. & Co. (contractors), architects R,.\i
Hros.— Kireprooflug for residence on NE ror
ncr Washington «nd Laguna Elreetss. W.-.siornjk
Addition block ''■■"■: »5125. _•:■••■•■ "|
William G. Irwin (owner) with Judson Jtanu- "
factoring Company (contractor), architects
Reid Brothers— Steel, cast and wrought : •.
work 01 residence on NE corner o£ Washington
and Laguna Rtreets; $11.-77- i; v*^..
Goldberg, Bo won I Co. (owners) yvith j,,t ln
F Rlley contractor), architect E. R Swain—
Excavations, brick, granite and concrete work
and illuminating Hie for a four-story brick
building on N line of SuttPr strt-ot. 137:« c of
Grant avenue, E 54:6 by N luCb; $4350.
Ban •■•■■-■■ with California Artistic Mewl
and Ire 1 Company (contractors), architect
.same— Cast Iron and steel work, anchors, fi re
escapes and standpipes for same on san.e;
$">370. . , ■V, "
Same owners with Ricswrd Rice (contractor).
architect same Sewer and conductor pipn,
tanks, water supply, 1 Inks, urinals, wash
basins, gas pipe, street repairing tor Earn* on
same; $3 1 (in.
C'laus' ckels (owner) with W. L. Holroan
(contractor), architect none— All work for elec
tric elevator in three-story building at 3r>
Market street: 096. -' ; ' .
John and Mary DonertyJ (owners) witbfJphn
Kenneally (contractor), plans by owner-^AI!
work for a one-story frame cottaee on V.'
line of Pennsylvania avenue, 175 8 of Twenty™
third (Nevada) street, S 25 by W 100, I. \.
298: 1172.
Rev Father J A. Cooper, rector of the par
ish of Ocean View, etc. (owner), with J. U
Hughes (contractor), architect B. J. Clinch, v.!
work for a dwell ing house on N line of Hy . >
street, 320 E of Plj mouth (Marengi I, E l-'C.v.
$2236. Casassa (owner) wjth William Horei-
D. Casassa (owner) with WiUian
meyer & Co. (contractors), architect W. T{
Armitage, all work, except plumbing and pair
ing, to remodel old two-story frame building
and construct new thr« si rj frame build:.'-.,
on B line of O'Farrell street, W of Pit ret. ! |
O'Farrril: $7300.
Same owner with John Doherty (contractor),
architect same, plumbing 'and gasfittlng .
same on Fame; $1175.
Joseph Goetz (owner) with William Pla- ;
(contractor), architect T. J. Welch, carpentry;
joinery, hardware, plastering, tinning, cakan-v,
ized iron work and glazing for two two-st^rVA
frame buildings, bns^nr-nts, attics and briclc
fouilations, on N" line of Vail street, 106:6 I.
of Octavia, N 137:6 by E 50:8: $6823.
Same owner with James E. Britt (contractor),
architect s-amo, <=p\ver. plumbing and gas fittiri..
for same on same; $si |f ».
Mrs Terese Mfinet (owner) with Peter Ras
mussen (contractor), architect none, all v. • .
for two onc-rtory houses on SW corner of v
mont and Twenty-third (Nevada) streets, S " .
by W 100; $1600
SHERITH ISRAEL RENOVATION
Trustees Decide to Spend S3OOO
the Synagogue.
Extc-nsh-o alterations will soon b<
in the Sherith Israel Svi:.i.
Post ;.i. 'l Taylor str< ■■ ; •
terior will be renovated and som<
tions made ai a cost of $3000. li hi
the intention of the trnste» :> r
timo to make a new sy^
tit n:ir, and work will be
un need in a few weeks.
At first it was decided to build 1
synagogue In another locality, but
canvassing the matter fully the plj
renovation was ai last adopted. Th<
box will be enlarged, th.- naves and
refrescoed, the pews reupholstered
peneral overhauling I trk>r wi
transform the synagogrue. While tl
terations are being made services will !'••
held <">n the flrsi floor. It is expected that
two months will be consumed In n
the proposed changes, for which time the
choir has. been given a vacation.
The story of Funston of Manila
and his very adventurous life will
be told in next Sunday's Call.
MRS. CRAVEN'S ALLOWANCE.
Various Fair Estate Suits Continued
by Judge Troutt.
The petition of Mrs. Nettle R. Craven-
Fair for a family allowance from the ea
tato of the lat< James <J. \'<\'w w-,i> un
Judge- Troutt'a colendar yesterday m"rn
inp, but by consent was continued until
August 18. Attorney W. W. Foote, who
repn sents Mr.-. Crav< n, was given twenty
days in which to and file his pro
posed bill •>!' t rceptions t<> the order r- -
c<'iitly made, by .Hi'ii;.- Troutt denying his
client the risrlu to Intervene i;i the c>
to the deceased capitalist's will Instituted
by Charles L. Fair. The matter of the
contest was also eontlnaed. , Mr. fcfcEn
erney, who represents various Fair heirs,
was present in court and stated that ! ■'■
w.t< anxious to dispose of the cases be
fore Mr. Foote was called to Paris as a
representative to the big exposition, and
Mr. Foote coni urn d.
Peanut taffy, best in .world, Townsend's.*
Soft Bab} Cream, ISc tb, Townsend's. •
The host gift for your Eastern friends,
Townsend's California Glace Fruits.
in fire-etched boxes >>i Jap baskets
Market Btreet, Palace Hotel building *~
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042 •
Artist Sent to Brison.
E. M. Rlnalflo, a portrait painter, was
need tci servje thirty days in the
County Jail by Judge Dunne "yosierdav
morning. Rinaldo was convicted of ah
a^^ault upon Greorgc F. Webster
A Work of Art.
The npw book. "Wonderland," just Issued by
the Northern Pacific Railway Company, is the
prettiesi publi hi ■
company thi« year. It is full of beautiful half
tone Illustrations, and contains besides a
written desoi iritinn of a trl] I .. ■
finely equipped line, includins; a tour tl
the wonderful Yellowstone Park. .
stamps and it Will b- mailed t-> > •: T. K.
Statelty, Gen. Agt., 638 Mars Fran
cisco.
Shake Into Your Sho"--
Allen's Foot-Ease, a powder. It makes tight oi
new shoes feel easy.- Cures Ccrns. Bunions.
Swollen, Tired. Sweating. Achins feec 30.0<X
testimonials. At all druggists ami shoe stores.
25c. Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Address
Allen S. Olmsted i.p n m v V
Avotr> baldness, cray hii - I this]
locks U\ using I'miki k- H m.
! The best appetizer and regulator Of, the di
' gestive organs is Angostura Bitters, prepared
i by Dr. J. G. B. Siegert & Sons.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton SHecJley. Proa*.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
LIQUORS.
GODOLD WHISKEY, gallon $1.50: ease, $3.03
0. P. 8. PONY, do $2.50; tue $10.00
L. CAHEN & BON. 419 Sacramento St., 8. F.
NO BETTER ON EARTH M «!
Comanche Ochre Co., 203 Front; tel. Jessie 1938.
PAPER. DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF- PULP AND PAPER CO..
IfILLMIIILI I L 722 Montcomery Stress
PRINTIN3.
EC* nUGnESi r PRINTER,
' V»- II %J y% lll_Oioll San>ome street.
THE HICKS- Jl UP CO., JSSTZi^Iu
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
TelcsrraphicD A UnpOßrv/^p: 306 Call-.
"Codes. r*/\rv I KIL9IiI.. fornia st.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding; Agents and public Weighers. Gen-
era! Storage. Kroo and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, &0 California st. Tel. Main 1911 \
: — '■ — : : : -V|
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
la the Btrl Coal In the Market.
; . crcco and Yards— iSO Mala au<muDISCUSSED MISSIONS
AND SUNDAY-SCHOOLS
American Baptist Publication Society
in Convention Listened to the
Deeds of Its Noble Workers.
Missionary Sermon to Be Delivered on the
Sabbath Morning by Rev. Mr. Lorimer.
Detroit Gets the Next Baptist
Anniversary Celebration.
MISSION work and SiTnday-^hooi? '
were the all-absorbing topirs at
Baptist convention yesi
day. The American Baptist Pub
lication Society continued to hold
the attention of the convention. The offl
led th. sens of honor on the
platform, and Its speakers delivered the
able addresses and conducted the discus
sions which followed.
Several important announcements were
made. Detroit was decided upon as th*
meeting-place for the annual Raptist
iiration. and Kansas City
was selected for the meeting in 190 L
The morning session opened with the
*;pual devotional exercises, after which
: Emanuel Bap
tist Chun \ •: ■ ted the re
committee on the publishing
tment. In presenting the report the
er made an earnest appeal for de
nornlnational literature, and ?poke in de
sition to any step toward the j
• -called undenominational liter-]
On this point he said :
"Christian literature givp? an upward
trend to the materialistic life. When we
take up a hook we want to know where
it comes from. Is it from the realms of
or from the -world? Christian
iture tends to bring into the home,
an uplifting Influence. Christian litera
ture is not weak. Anything that fastens '
man's hold on tho immortal Is strong."
Rev. L. 1... Henson, after reading the re
port of the committee that had been ap
pointed on the missionary work of the so
ciety, delivered an address in which he
emphasized the importance of some of
the features of the varied work of the
great society. He began by saying that
he was not before Ihe society to try to
■ Bay anything new, but simply to call at
tention to Borne of the facts which of
themselves were ever new and startling
enough. After making some comparisons
between conditions at the time of the be
ginning of the society's work and those
of the present day, he continued by say
ing that the society does a pioneer work.
The colporteur and missionary, whether on
foot or horseback, whether in wagon or
In car. in seeking for, and in finding the
masses who refuse to come to the gospel
is doing foundation work and will form
the basis for all denominational work In
the future. After noting some of the re
markable things that the society has ac
complished, he said that In this way we
can evangelize the country districts. This
getting hold of the young people before
they go to the city will not only save
them, hut esetablish so many pure foun
tains of Christianity which flow into the
city church.
Rev. Jay Pruden, who has been doing
missionary work in Utah, followed the
Rev. Mr. Henson, and told of his ex
perience among the Mormon* The Mor
mons he declared, were deaf to the words
of the Savior, and many more mission
aries were needed In the land of the Lat
ter Day Saints. , . ;- /■-;
Rev. G. ■■ erg of Washington told of hie
work among the Danes and Norwegians,
and Rev. C W. Gowen of Idaho spoke
of the good work of the "Frontier Col
porteur."
In the afternoon the committee on Bible
■work submitted the following report:
Whereas, The open Bible in the bands of the
common people la now and has ever been the
bulwark of l'rotJ-stanfism.
Whereas, Without this book in the hands and
homes of the people the highest forms of pa
triotism ami the loftiest ideals of government
must decline. *■;, r.
\\h- reas. Philanthropy and all higher forms
of benevolence mitigate- the conditions of
the unfortunate and helpless and Inspire dl
rectly from its teachings and suggested by its
example.
Whereas, The American Baptist Publication
Society is distributing over a million copies of
the Bible, thus greatly aiding and facilitating
the work of both the Mlssl'/nary Union and
Home Mission Society; and
Whereas, The attitude of other Bible societies
In reference to translations to be used among
heathen nations make It a necessity that Bap
tists, if they would give a fully translated
Bible to the heathen, must maintain a Bible
society of their own. And as the recent series
of commentaries and the translation of the Old
Testament to be issued In the Immediate future
an<l the revised New Testament, already in the
hands of the people, are works for which the
Baptist denomination should be i profoundly
thankful; therefore be It ';; -j
Resolved, first, we accord our gratitude to
Almighty Ood for the blessing which ha» In the
past attended the effort? of the society In
printing and distributing the word of God.
Second— That we indorse its continued efforts
to jive the word of- God to the nation» of the
earth through the DOSt perfect and complete
translation of the original.
Third— That the Baptists of America be urged
to remember more generously the Bible depart
ment of the society and that all churches and
Sunday-schools be requested to emphasize Bibie
d&y and if poslFble to Increase their donations.
Rev. Kerr P. Tupper's- paper, ".The
American Baptist Historical Society."
was the most Important paper of the
afternoon. The speaker pal( i In part:
As our Missionary Union has for its supreme
object and end the sending of the Gospel to all
land*, ana our Home Mission Society labors to
■■ . . .
supply specially the needs of the ehurehless and
the unchurched of the I'nlted States and our
Publication Society to circuit*- the word oi
«;■•! and other uplifting literature throughout
the land, and our Educational Society di
Its energies to th» endowment and development
n Institutions of learning, so our
His; rical Society is inspired by a deep and tn
nt .lcsire for collecting and preserving the
• God 1 S dealing with his ;
illy it is interested in gathering mate
rial respecting our denomination in Its -■-.■
uttering tor truths sake, in Its support
and defense of New Testament prlncli ■:•
doctrine and government.
Few thlnes. perhaps, are more needed anv>ng
Bai tisU than tht> .-ulture of the historic Bpirit
possession and cultivation of thl?
cannot fall to Impart to our brotherhood a
unity, an esprit de corps and efficiency unpos
! sespcd by us at present. True, the history of
i Baptists has In part been told— all materials for
a fuller revelation of it are yet "to be gathered
i in Europe and America, and to be intelligently i
! Interpreted to our people. Gathering this mate
rial; We must publish It, BO we may tell anew,
and tell more fully than ever to the world the
wonderful things God has. done for up. and
this cannot well be done without the financial
j aid of the denomination. Every organization
| must have financial basis. Three things the
historical craves and should have: First, an
annual offerUig from each of our churches; sec
ond, $10,000 for a fire-proof building for the
preservation of th" society's library and manu
scripts, and 1100,000 for an endowment fund.
Income, of which could lie applied to the noble
enterprise, to the accomplishment of which the
society has set Itself.
The report of the committee on reso
! lutions, submitted and adopted, was as
follows:
1 Resolved, That In view of ; the vast and
vital interests Involved we express our grati
fication as to the complete agreement con
cerning the prosecution of the work of this
and of the Home Missionary Society.
Resolved, That we rejoice in the manifest
tokens of Cod's blessing upon the chapel cur
work and do commend It to the prayer and
co-operation of the brethren.
Resolved, That the great need of the times
is a more diligent, faithful and Intelligent us«
of the Bible. We urge a vigorous prosecution
of Uible work.
Resolved, That we are In full sympathy with
our brethren of the religious bodies and with
all the lovers of law, order and decency In
their efforts to prevent the gating of Repre
sentative-elect Brigham Roberts, from the
State of Utah, in the National House of Rep
resentatives because of his known and self
confessed practice of polygamy. We emphat
ically urge our national Representatives to take
all proper action in the premises.
Resolved, If agreeable to our sister societies,
that we accept the cordial invitation from De
troit Baptists to hold our next anniversary In
the Woodward Avenue Churon of that city.
We also advise the favorable consideration of a
hearty Invitation from . the eleven Baptist
churches of Kansas City to meet there In 1901.
Resolved. That we thank all railroads for
special rates and courtesies extended to us. .
Resolved, That we hereby express our hearty
appreciation and thanks .to the Baptist pah
tors, brothers and sisters of San Francisco and
vicinity for their generous hospitality and In
terest in our comfort and welfare.
Rev. D. P. Ward closed the afternoon
session with the -following paper on the
Sunday school work on the Pacific Coast.
The first Baptist Sunday school on the Pa
cific Coast was organized - by Henry Sewall in
the house of David Lennox,' at West Union,
near Portland, Oregon, June 9, 3844. K. H.
Lennox, now living In Oakland, was a mem
ber of that Sunday school.
The first Baptist Sunday school In California
■was organized by Rev. 0. . C. Wheeler nt the
house of Charles L. Ross in Sao Francisco,
May 27, lbia. We have to-day 400 .Baptist
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIAx. SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1899.
Sunday schools on the Pacific Coast, with 22.
--t'"ii members.
The first colporteur of the Publication So-
ciety was Rev. Richard Cheadle, who was
ail-inted for Oregon In 1853. Rev. Orln Crlt
tenden. now residing at Mountain View, was
a faithful colporteur of the Publication So
ciety In California in the fifties.
The first Sunday school missionary was Rev.
W. J. Lough rv appointed for Oregon In 1872.
°n the Ut of October, 1895. your speaker
commenced work as Sunday school missionary
"f the Publication Society for California. In
l""klng up new fields I have been in many
Counties never before visited by a Baptist
bunday school missionary.
In the spring of IS'JS I visited Stanislaus and
Tuolunine counties with brother Henry Jack
son, a colporteur of our publication society.
We drove over 200 miles In a cart, and held
ORB in mining camps, school houses and
private houses. One place we visited they had
had but four sermons in eighteen years. We
viMt.-d another j/lare where we found sixty boy*
and L-irls In the public school, and no religious
•ii C any kind in the community. Th->
children all held up their Hands and said "W«
want the Sunday BChool." Brother Jackson
returned the following Sunday and organized
a Sunday schoqj.
In the fall of 1596 I visited the northwest
part of the State, and held meetings with
our people In t... great redwood section. Men
■loelno County has the largest per cent of
Baptist Bundav schools, of any county In the
State.
In June, isfts, in company with Robert Whlt
aker, our. genera] missionary, and H. E.
Adams, nf gospel wagon work^ we made a
tnur Into the northeastern part of the State.
In Shasm County I spent a couple of days In
:i town where there were several hundred men
working in a copper mine, and scores of boys
and girla there, but no Sunday school or
■ aay kind whatever.
we organized a Sunday school there. In
ibis same county. In company with Brother
McCart, we organised a Sunday school in seven
<!ays.
A large part of the time of your Sunday
achool missionary has been occupied in visiting
v schools and In holding Sunday-school
institutes. We need better Sunday-school
ing and management as much as we need
more Sun lay-schools. A good, live Sunday
school institute Is one of the best things a
Sunday-school can have during the year.
Hut perhaps the mev-tlngs that your speaker
has enjoyed the most of all have been the
:.• and girls' meetings. Surely If we are
to take this Pacific Coast for Christ it will
t di ne by reaching the boys and girls in our
b and our Sunday-schools.
In three years and seven months I have or
•■•i fifty Sunday-schools, distributed Z:O2
ipiea of tliH Scrlj'tures, visited and addressed
nday-schoole, held 60 Sunday-school in
-tltutes and given 11S9 addresses arid traveled
J. 075 miles.
We need a genuine revival of Interest In
he Sunday-school work on the part of church
members. Every Christian that Is able to
jet to Sunday-school should be in Sunday-
I every Sunday. How .shall we hold the
rat here in Sunday-school is a more difficult
I roblem than how .«hnll we hold the boys.
We need a missionary spirit in our churches
in planting and sustaining new Sunday-schools
In needy Reids in the vicinity of our churches.
Last, but not least, "we need a half-dozen
;olporteura of our publication' society of the
I'ni'le John Vassal type, going from house to
house and from town to . town, loaded with
Maptlst literature and ruble? and Testaments,
'-.oidins boys' and girls' meetings and organ
izing: .■^iinday-sehools. The Baptists, of this
ast appreciate the Interest of the publica
tion society in sustaining a few laborers on
this coast; but what are these among bo many?
Our State Sunday-school Association reports
"00,000 boys and girls of school age in this
State not in any evangelical Sunday-school.
In a single county there are forty-nine school
nouses in which there is no Sunday-school or
rfiipious service in the community. Let us
not give less for foreign missions; in fact, let
us give more; but let us not forget the .boys
and girls that are perishing for the bread of
life at our very doors.
The following officers and managers of
the American Baptist Publication Society
were elected:
President, Samuel A. CTOMT, Pennsylvania;
vice presidents* Edward 'jofximan .(Illinois),
Joshua Levering (Maryland), Chester \V.
Klngsley (Massachusetts), .). W. Hiri^s, i>. i>.
(New Jersey); secretary, A. .1 Rowland, l>
H . : recording secretary, J. O. Walker, D. I>. ;
treasurer, li. F. Dennisson; managers, Henry
<i. YVeston, 1). P.; fieorgn K. Rees, 1). D. ; 0.
M. l'.iteat. I>. I).; John Gordon, D. I>. ; James
W. Wllltnnrth, D. I).; Joseph K. Sagebeer, I'h
I.: Albert 0. Lawson, I>. I>. : Kerr H. Tupper
D. 1).; Wayland Hoyt, D. D. ; Rev. J. X. Fol
well. E. T. Hiscox, I>. I).; Harry S. Hopper.
James S. Swarta, Oeorgt K. Crozler, David
P. I.eas, John P. Stevens, J. Howard Gendell,
Charles s. Walton, Robert H. Croxer, B. I,
Tustln, h N McKinney.
Tho church was crowded to the doors
in the evening, owinp to the announce
ment that Rev. Dr. rlenson of Chicago
was tn deliver an address <^n the work of
the American Baptist Publication Society.
1 >r. Ileus. hi is nothiiiK if not original, arid
his remarks kept his audience applauding
or laughing almost every moment he re
mained on hla foot. Referring to the fart
that many doubters claimed that the
Bible was comrade-ted by the facts of
modern science,, he assured his hearers
thai they need have no four that any as
certained facts of science would contra
dict the Word of God, toy the hand that
created the Bible created the world. But
there wire other works not created by
God, he said, which Rood Christian's
Bhould ho warned against, He referred
to iho multitude of novels that are being
distributed broadcast all over the land.
He declared they were the works of the
devil and that they were doing more to
aid the work of his Satanic majesty than
anything In tho last century.
"The devil Is no .longer the blackguard
which lie has been painted," said Dr.
Henson. "He Is a polished gentleman,
who floats about in respectable society In
an atmosphere of lavender and writes
novels, the pages of which are tatnfed
with the vilest suggestions and the filthi
est assertions ever evolved in the brain
of a human being. It is no use to preach
against them, for the more we say about
them the rriore anxious the people are to
see for themselves if they are as bad as
we paint them. The only way to do Is to
crowd them out with better literature —
such literature as is published by the
American Baptist Publication Society.
"We have got to work like the 'dlvll' to
boat his Satanic majesty at his own game.
We have got to go way back to the young
people. The American boy of to-day. is a
pretty old boy and the American sinner
of 26 to-day is further advanced in de
pravity than the sinner of 75 a score of
j ( ;'irs ago."
1 >r. Henson deplored the fact that there
Were co many denominations of Chris
tians. He believed that the only religion
was the religion of the Bible, In. this wa .
THREW HIMSELF
IN FRUIT OF A
MOVING CAR
Frederick Rothaus At
tempted Suicide.
WAS HUNGRY AND FRIENDLESS
HIS WIFE SICK AND UNABLE TO
CARE FOR HERSELF.
The Unfortunate Man Claims He Was
Weak From Hunger and
Fell Across the
Track.
In a fit of despondency due to his In
ahility to procure employment Frederick
Rothaus, aged 40 years, living at 9 Carlos
plare, attempted to onimit suicide yes
terday hy throwing himself in front of a
Sutro electric car at Thirty-second and
Clement avenues. Seeing him lying on
the track the motorman quickly reversed
the current and applying the brake
stopped the car when it was within a few
feet of the unfortunate man.
When questioned Kothaus denied that
he contemplated suicide.
"I was walking along the avenue," he
remarked, "when I suddenly became
faint and fell across t lie track. I heard
the car approaching, but was unahlc to
get out of the way."
Notwithstanding his denial the police
say that Rothaus was bent on committing
>uii'i,!,'.
In his report filed with the Chief of Po
lice Officer Richter says that Rothaus
was Kfpn to throw himself across the
track whin the car was within a hundred
feet of him. He appeared perfectly con-
Bcious when rescued from his perilous po
sition, and severely upbraided the police
mar, for what he termed his "show of au
thority."
Thinking ho was mentally deranged
Richter summoned the patrol wagon ami
had him conveyed i" the Receiving Hos
pital. He was closely questioned By the
doctors, and as be did ri> > t exhibit any
symptoms of insanity be was discharged.
To Matron Keane the unfortunate man
said that he formerly worked at tho CHIT
House as v waiter, but was discharged a
short time ago. His wife suddenly be
came sick and as he was financially un
able to engage the services of a physician
he had her Hint to a friends house,
where sht was promised at least enough
i<> eat. Yesterday after brooding over
his troubles, he concluded to visit the
Cliff House in the hope of getting some
thing to cat and perhaps employment. Hi
walked as far as Thirty-second avenue,
when his strength failed him and he fell
across the !r:;ck.
"I am sorry the car did not pass over
me," he lugubriously remarked, "al
though 1 did not think of committing
SUKicle.
"Hunger no doubt made me weak and
unable to continue on my journey to the
i Jliff House and I fell down."
The surgeons in the hospital, tout hed
by Rothaus 1 sad story of poverty and
misfortune, intend to-day to assist him
in procuring employment.
nection lie paid his respects to the parlia
ment of religions Ivld In Chicago during
the World's Fair.
"The parliament of religions was the
greatest menagerie ever gut up," he re
marked. "It brought us all sorts of so
called 'religions' from all parts of the
earth— Theosophy and Christian Science
among them. Christian Science is nothing
but heathenism brought over and galvan
ized. The devil is busy manufacturing
counterfeit 'religions' all the time, and he
bi ema to find no difficulty in securing
disciples. He is 'pushing the Queer'
iv. ry where."
Mayor Phelan. who was expected to
make a Bhorl address, was unavoidably
detained. The following assignments wen
announced for Sunday:
Presbyterian First: Morning. Rev. T. 3.
Morgan, l>. i>.. LL. D., New York City; even
Rev. Kerr Boyce Tispper, 1). D-, I'hlladel
phla. Trinity— Morning, Rev. rtohert < 'ameron.
H. iv. Providence; evening. Rev. Isaac W.
Grimes, Cambridge, Mass. Howard Morning,
Rev. I. s Bowerman, Seattle; evening, Rev,
Frank Woods Pasadena First U. P Even
Ing, Ke\. Thomas Ball, D. l>. Seattle. First.
Berkeley- Evening, Rev. A. Blackburn, D. D.,
Portland. First, Alameda Morning, Rev. A.
(' Cleaveland, Riverside. Lebanon— Morning
Rev. Mr. N'eil of chapel rar. Centennial, Oak
land Rev. a P. Brown, Fresno.
Congregational— Firm: Morning, Rev. H. C
Mable i> 1.. Huston. Plymouth Morning,
i:-v .1 Lewis Smith, D. D., Tacoma. Third
.Evening. Rev. E. M. Poteat, D. 1.. Philadel
phia First. Oakland— Evening, Rev. Georgf
C. Baldwin, l>. D., Springfield, Mans.
Methodist Central: Morning, Rev. Morric
P Fike's, Trenton, N. J. Grace— Morning, Rev
Alexander Blackburn, D.* D., Portland, Or..
evening. Rev. E. B. Cheney, Racine, Wis.
California Street Morn Ins, Rev. Frank Rec
t,.r Fitchburg, Mass: evening, Rev. j. j.
Mu'lr I). D., Washington, I>. C. Simpson Mo
mortal- Morning. Rev. L C. Barnes, !' I.
Pittsburg, I'a. ; evening, Rev. E. B. Meredith,
Topeka Sana. Bpworth- Morning, Rev. S A
Abbott. Washington. F.ighth Avenue, Oakland
—Morning. Rev. I-. <",. Clark, Helena, Mont.
Christian- First: Morning, Rev. Thomas An
derson, 1>.1>., Omaha. Nebr; evening. Rev. Ar
thur St. James, Worcester, Mass. west Bide
Morning. Rev. R. E. Manning, Chicago; even
ing. Rev. F. J. Salzman, Miasouja, Mont.
Baptist— First: Morning, Baptist Hnniver
sMri''s, Alhamnra Theater, corner of Eddy ami
Jones streets; sermon before the missionary so
cieties by Rev. George C. Lorimen, LL.D., Tie
niont Temple, Huston; evening, missionary
mass meeting at First Baptist Church; ad
•lrenes by Rev. R. G. Beymqnr, D.p.; Rev li.
C Mable, D.D.; Rev. T. J. Morgan. D.D.,
L.L.D Emmanuel — Morning, Rev. p. s. Hen
son l> 11-.I 1 -. Chicago; evening, Rev. Warren (J.
Partridge, D.D., Cincinnati, Ohio. Hamilton-
Square Morning, Rev, ,r. B: Thomas, ixr>.,
Chicago.- Third, morning, Rev. J. EL Ford,
D.D., Los Angeles; evening. Rev. S. W. Racote,
A.M.. D.D., KansHß. Swedish— -Morning, Rev.
Charles Asplund: evening. Rev. O. Hanson,
Burmah German- -Morning. Rev. G. K.
Schlauch Washington. Oakland, First—Morn
ing, Rev. A. B. Hobart, D.D., New York. Tenth
Avenue- Morning. Rev. Kerr Hone Tupcer.
])I), Philadelphia. Twenty-third Avenue —
Morning, Rev. Frank E. R. Miller, Michigan.
Golden Gate— Morning, Rev. L, 1,. Henson,
Fort Wayne, Ind. Y. M. C. A.. San Francisco
Rev P. s. Henson, D.D., Chicago. Herkeley
—Morning, Rev. S. W. Stevens. Philadelphia.
Alameda-Morning. Rev. H. H. Steelman, Salt
Lake City. Oakland Tabernacle -K veiling.
union mass meeting of the churches of Oak
land. Alameda and Berkeley, Rev. George C.
Lorimer, LL.D., Tremont Temple. Boston.
Yesterday's Insolvent.
Ohnrlos L. Andrews of Oakland, $338 38;
no assets.
DR. PIERCES "No. XXX" ELECTRIC BELT
' PRICE $25.00. '..
J 4BBi.V^ J |rSfew«SVr*~>J><^B^ VyjW TnlB Belt '■ warranted to he the Latest
HSMfei _i«Si£>T~pf fi \ T*X* <A TT^- :^^- . Vflla Improved, most powerful and In all re-
KmKJ^fPJi'^. /*? r f ' "/ ■ v\y "^-<n. < V7»l «pects the Best now manufactured in
■HfifirT'/V' v ,'j. f , * Ji«^Uffl ''"-'■' part of the n orlr l- Its equal dcx>s
tliMESJSSjfiw.^ ~* if i hi—^nfirWm not exist. The Galvanometer shows its
WHiB tITM v rfgWfct ''T^r^ flriUrsMf^ electric current to be double that of any
FSfilWrn toJrrrp^Hpai^TilJfrH'.iivlM^ cthw. Easily regulated: Durably in-
V^aryH ff\ li . j^jfßlm'- iJ/lW a *T^ 2 ' ■ulated! Latest improved attachments!
!»r'J»>^*Lv*"" i j^sßMßS£i¥*?»^\\S*7r^ Special conductors and electrodes. Double
X \Z V/^fn^^^-U^llLy^^^ry, Vi\?N wir< * suspensory for men. Hatln-lineJ
rNQif/y/ X — J/S^VX^iX/ivvV^ ■ body belt. It will cure any disease on
riJ(?T)V*^?sf> 1 'w~2~ ur V earth that It is possible .to . cure with
r 1 ' /■'S^&ir-r. N B The kind of belts oth»r» sell at
}-i hl(?h prices we furnish at 93.50.
f£Zc-\ 7°?-^ ' ' f Buy no belt till you call on ua or
r'xLK^ send 2o stamp fop "Booklet No. 2."
I Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palaoe Hotel, San Franolsoo, -Cal.
OFFICIALS
WHO BELIEVED
IN PECULATIONS
The Marine Firemen's
Funds Stolen.
PATRICK ROGERS DEFAULTED
WARRANT ISSUED FOR HIS AR
REST FOR EMBEZZLEMENT.
He Has Followed in the Footsteps of
Bernard Ward and John Dough
erty, Now Awaiting
Trial.
The officials of 'the Pacific Coast Marine
Firemen's Association have apparently In
the past Imagined that they had a legiti
mate claim upon the funds of the organi
aztion and Jtilized them for their own
uses and purposes.
Bernard Ward, an ex-treasurer of the
association, and John Dougherty, an ex
tinanclal secretary, are now awaiting their
trials before the Superior Court on
charges of embezzling the funds of the
association to a considerable amount, and
now another ex-financial secretary is
wanted on a similar charge.
Yesterday Andrew Pryal, the present
trtasurer of the association, swore to a
complaint before Judge Mogan for the ar
rest of Patrick Rogers, ex-linanclal secre
tary, on the charge of felony embezzle
ment, the particular amount specified be
ing $50. A demand was made yesterday
upon Rogers by Pryal for the return of
i h<- money, but he said he did not have it,
hence the warrant.
Rogers was appointed financial secre
tary after Dougherty, but was deposed
about three months ago aft^r the expos
ures in connection with Ward and Dough
erty, and since then Pryal and the present
financial secretary, Hell, have been care
fully examining the books. They allege
that they have. already discovered a short
age in Rogers' accounts of nearly $2000,
made up of various small sums, chiefly
Tor initiation fees of $50 each. It will be
impossible for some time to ascertain the
full amount of the defalcations of Rogers,
as books and vouchers required cannot be
found to be submitted to experts who
have been appointed to go through the
books.
Rogers was a witness against Dough
erty, and when Dougherty was examined
he declared that the money he was
charged with embezzling had been given
by him to Rogers.
Rogers was around the City Hall yes
terday afternoon with the object of sur
rendering himself, but when he discovered
ihat he would have to give heavy bonds
he left for the purpose of securing bonds
men. He says he can prove that he has
not embezzled a cent of the money be
longing to the association.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
LOSES SOME LAND
SUPREME COURT DECIDES IN
FAVOR OF SETTLERS.
Important Question Determined in
Contests for Odd Sections in In
demnity Grant Limits.
A decision of the Superior Court of Los
Angeles County in two important railroad
land cases was upheld yesterday by the
Supreme Court. The Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, brought separate ac
tions against Frank A. Wood and others
and Frederick B. Jacks anjl others. By
an act of Congress of 1866 the railroad
company was granted every odd section
of land lying within ten miles of its line,
which grant was for the purpose of as
sisting in the building of the road. The
lands In question in this action, now well
settled, He within the indemnity 'limits of
the grant to the railroad. The defendants
claim the land under patents Issued to
them as settlers under the land laws of
the United States. To the complaints to
oust them from the lands the defendants
put in a demurrer, explained in the last
decision, and from which the railroad
company appealed. The sustaining of the
demurrer also sustains the claims of the
settlers, and as there are no doubt many
similar cases of settlers within the in
demnity limits of the company, the de
cision is of no small importance. An In
teresting point is brought out by the
higher court in this language:
Whatever right the plarntlff asserts or may
have Is based upon said act of Congress of
1565 and its own arts thereunder, while the
defendants" rights are based upon the pre
emption laws of the United States and their
compliance therewith; and as the defendants'
patent was issued I prior to the selection of the
<ame lands by the plaintiff they must have a
better right if said lands were subject to pre
•mptlqn; and that they were so subject unless
withdrawn from pre-emption by the act of
1866 or by executive action thereunder Is not
questioned. Section 6 of said act (above
Tuoted) provides: "And the odd sections of
land hereby granted shall not be liable to gale
or -entry or pre-emption before or after they
are surveyed, except by said company as pro
vided In this act"; but it is further provided
that the pre-emption act of 1841 and the home
stead act of 1562 and the acts amendatory
thereof "shall he and the same are hereby ex
tended to all other lands on the line of said
road where surveyed, • excepting those hereby
granted to said company."
The court upon this point takes the
view that: "The title of the grantee re
lates back to the date of the act, but does
not attach to the lands to which the
United States did not have full title at
that date, or were otherwise excepttd
from operation of the grant, even -though
they should afterward be freed from
claim or possession which excluded them
under the grant," and In conclusion says:
But it Is not necessary to a rtecinion of the
preoent case to decide that question (the right
of the Land Department to withdraw certain
indemnity lands from settlement), for as these
lands were not withdrawn hy force of the
act of Congress, and the withdrawal having
been revoked, and as the complaint does not
allege that Wood?' settlement was made be
fore the revocation, or while they were with
drawn. It Is not shown that his settlement was
Illegal or unauthorized or that the patent was
Improperly Issued.
A double love tragedy, of Salvador
and San Francisco, in next Sunday' 3
Call.
KNOCKED DOWN
AND KICKED
BY FOOTPADS
Startling Experience
of Dr. Campbell.
FELLED WITH AN INSTRUMENT
WHILE PROSTBATE HE WAS
BEATEN AND KICKED.
His Shouts for Help Brought a Citi
zen to His Assistance and the
Daring Highwaymen
Fled.
Dr. J. H. Campbell, 3153 Twenty-fourth
street, is nursing a pair of blackened eyes
and a swollen face and bruised head, the
\ result of an unexpected meeting with two
footpads late Wednesday night. The de
tectives have been notified of the affair,
but so far no arrests have been made.
Dr. Campbell was on his way home
Wednesday night about 11:30 o'clock, and
when he was walking along Twenty
fourth street, between Florida and Bry
ant, two men jumped out of the shade of
a building and ordered him to throw up
! his hands. He was not quick enough tn
obeying the order and one of them struck
him nn the head with some Instrument,
knocking him down. The blow did not
render him unconscious and he shouted
lustily for help.
This angered the two footpads, and they
kicked the prostrate physician on the
head and face, apparently with the object
of rendering him unconscious. The doctor
continued to shout for help, and fortun
ately a citizen swung round Bryant
street, and as soon as the footpads saw
him they took to their heels and disap
peared. The citizen assisted the doctor
to rise, and helped him home.
Dr. Campbell is still suffering from the
effects of the severe beating he received
and is thankful that he escaped more se
rious injury and that he was not robbed
of his money and watch. He is satisfied
that the men's object was robbery and
they would have accomplished their pur
pose if the citizen had not appeared op
portunely on the scene.
Owing to the darkness he was unable
to give a correct description of the two
men, but one was short and the other
tall, arid both appeared to be young men.
Chief Lees instructed Captain Gillen to
detail Detectives Graham and Fitzgerald
on the case, but there is little chance of
the identity of the footpads being dis
covered. ____________
In the Divorce Court.
Everett A. Kennedy was gra*nted a di
vorce from his wife, Harriet F. Kennedy,
yesterday nn the ground of willful deser
tion. Suits for divorce have been filed by
Mary Caseres against Julius O. Caseres.
for desertion; Mabel E. Ironberg against
M M. Ironberg;, for cruelty; Emma E.
O'Neill against Patrick J. O'Neill, for in
fidelity and cruelty, and Alfred E. Cohen
against Sadie Cohen, for infidelity.
Companions Elect Officers.
In«lppendence Circle, Companions of the
Forest of America, has elected the follow
ing; named to servo for the ensuing term:
Miss Kmmii I-paderich. C. C.; Mrs. <J.
Carrlck, S. C. C: Miss Kate Chatham. K.
S.; Mrs. Anna Grundall, F. S.: Miss Kate
Morgan, R. G.; Miss Frances Chatalle.
L Q.; Mrs. Mary Munroe, I. G.; Fred
.n.ai.'. i). g.. Miss Lizzie Hull, organist;
Miss Joste Dewan, trustee.
■ ADVEBTISEMENTa
Mrs. PmKham's Advice Saved
Mrs. Hayes From an Operation.
[LETTER to MRS. PIHKHAM MO. 64,283]
" DearMrp. Pixkham Words cannot
express my thanks to you for your kind
advice to me in regard to my health, I
had been running down in health for
about seven years. I had doctored
with good doctors and taken a great
many patent medicines. .My trouble
began when my first child was born.
I had a very hard time and after its
birth would have severe flooding spells.
" After my second child I had very
' good health until last winter when I
again became pregnant and suffered
very much and miscarried. I came
very near dying, and the doctor said I
must have an operation, which fright-
ened me very much, and concluded to
write to you for your advice, and take
your medicine. Was troubled with the
whites, great pain in back and hips,
sometimes when lying down or sitting
was unable to get up. Would have
such pain in groins could hardly walk.
"I can say I have never seen any-
thing so wonderful as.Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound and Sana-
tive Wash. Your remedies have done
wonders for me. Hoping that many
of my suffering sisters may be led to i
take your merficine from reading this !
letter, I remain, sincerely yours, Mrs.
Mary Hayes, Hardinsburo, Ky."
Letters like the foregoing should
convince everyone that Mrs. Pinkham's
advice is certain help.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO SOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Nervous Debility are
absolutely cured by PEKFJECTO
TABLETS. QlTe prompt relief to ln-
eoninla, failing memory and the waste
and drain or vital powers. Incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early yean.
Impart rigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. GiTe /Ok bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes off_«rATomn or old.
One 60c box renews vital energy, — "J6 boxes at
•2.6o n complete y;uarante»d cure *_Wcr money re-
funded. Can be carried in rest -^mr pocket. Sold
every where, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vice by THE FEIFBCTO CO., laztoa BUc, Chleat*, Ilk
Bold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Hryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co., la
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. ,
n1 rr nnifll Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYIL £?&'_£
UI 1 1 L. lIUIIIU 6c Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
CONCERTS AND KESOBTS,
Ddlllv GREAT realistic
fi • WAR PANORAMA 1
fir Prof. w - a. ROLLINS,
. the eminent orator,
aM . • m lectures half hourly. !
ivioniid Market St.. nr - Et * -
Admission &00.
Bay! chiidren gc - ■ -
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. »S HALL,
223 Sutter st.
THIS AFTERNOON at 3:IS. LAST CHAMBER
CONCERT by the
KNEISEL QUARTET of BOSTON
PRICES ........ '.. .......... .... ....>! 50 and $100
6UTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS. '.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. K.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, 50.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; Children, JOe
Paine's Celery Compound
Builds Up the Nerves.
"I use and pre-
J^^jK Scribe Paine's cel-
___> <><^*j|__^ cry compound with
Igjrjf best results for nerv-
(s_&. __w[ Olls exhaustion or
*»*■§> Jff^-^P debility. Through its
IH^ S S/ invigorating effect
Ws&!9f* fjf the liver and stom-
Wf|-_ _Rrl ach arc toned up and
& %|OL /vWy obstinate constipa-
,.JJ!_Ji__^^*'_i_r '°" is cured without
*3W7&^yik& resorting to laxa-
uK^^iS* t& lives and cathar-
W&kif fir tics."— Mary R. Me-
___<*— w_ lende, M.D., 323 41st
MMB9n&i_s!rfc\ "Several times
JglP^^^SpSJpU w hen completely
JHf >E?^T worn out and unable
<s3Sk __**■ 1&\ 1 " '-'"cure proper
! W»9.3^j!^ $«J rt ,gt t Paine's celery
H_M_fe / compound has beea
ys3Sj~ iSKS& building up my nerv-
yfcfM ,£*!x%fifiB^ ous system, restor-
in^ my appetite, and
dS£c£^B!l?yy/ securing peaceful
W^^ WMy slee p."— Elizabeth
y Vetter. Chicago, 111.
-; AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR™
MATINEE TO-PAT.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MR. NAT. C. GOODWIN'S
Greatest Comedy-Drama Success. '
IN MIZZOURA.
MONDAY, MAT 29.
The Distinguished Actor,
7VIR. LeWIS MORRISON,
In an Elaborate Production of
"Hfl/VILET."
BEATS NOW ON SALE.
EXTRA MATINEE TUESDAY.
j MEMORIAL DAT.
COLUMBIA^-
HOUSE SOLD OUT NIGHTLY.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
Every Evening, Except Sunday.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
§ _____
Extra Matinee Tuesday, Memorial Day.
HERBERT EFFIE
KELCEY- SHANNON.
Presenting- the great American play,
SEAT 3 NOW READT FOR NEXT WEEK.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng Proprietor and M?r.
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON AT 2 o'clock.
LAST TIMES OF
De Koven and Smith's New Cotnlo
Opera, In Three Acts,
The Mandarin.
"AS CONFUCIUS SATS!"
"A CHANGED MAN!"
SEE
THE FEAST OF THE LANTERNS. <
THE UMBRELLA DANCE. _
NEXT MONDAY— "THE MASCOT."
Popular Prices 25c and SOo
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SAT.), MAY 17.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, luc; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part.
THE SENSATION OF THE DAT.
MOUING TOON
MOUNG CHET,
THE BURMESE WONDERS.
MONTGOMERY AND STONE,
Blackface Comedians
BILLY VAN, Famous Monologist.
THE DONOVANS, Irish Comedians.
AND 15 ALL-STAR ARTISTS.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Green 881.
THIS EVENING.
Gorgeous Revival of Strauss' Delightful Open,
THE
GYPSY
BARON
NEXT WEEK— time here, of the great
New York Casino success,
| "THE PRINCESS NICOTINE."
Reserved Seats. 25c and 50c; Gallery, 16c
Branch Box Office. Emporium Building. Just
Inside Main Entrance.
EXTRA MATINEE SATURDAY.
MATINEE TUESDAY NEXT. Decoration Day.
GLENJPARK.
#
THIS SATURDAT AND SUNDAY AT 2 P. M.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS
GLEN PARK CIRCUS
• Hlgh-clasn Equestrian and Vaudeville Enter-
! tainment—Bareback Trick Riding— Hurdle Rac-
! Ing— Olympian Riding— Tra'lned Animals— Light
■ and Heavy Balancing— Feats of • Strength-
Bounding Rope Experts— Funny Clowns— Etc
ADMISSION TO GLEN PARK, "10c.
I ADMISSION TO CIRCUS. 15c; RESERVED
' SEATS ONLY 10c ADDITIONAL.
PLAYJ3ALL!
San Francisco
Vs.
Santa Cruz.
TO-DAY AT 3 1". M.
SUNDAY AT SSI3O P. M.
Recreation Park, Bth and Harrison Sts.
General Admission 25 Cents.
, Ladies Admitted Free to the Grand .Stand.
»________hfi._l Bl " *"'• non-poiKonot*
<t<____^^^^fe_fl remedy for (ionorrhceZ
jßmar CUKE»T«£I <\iei>t. SpermatorrhmZ
SfJgf la l to6<Ujt.\a Whites, unnatural dlii*
JHV Gc»r»Bi«ed lg Charon, or any inflamma-
I ■*■_[ »ot to itrfawrs. tion, irritation or ulcer»»
I^-JPrtTenu eeat»|iaa. tlon of m n conn njrm-
R»%THEEvAN3CHEM__Cn. branee. Non-aetrin«t-ut.
fgßk CmCiWHATI.O -E^H S ° ld bj Dpn EBT<»««.
fß^_ x: 3 a 3sh or i n ' in P lain wrapper,
' i 1? el P'' es ' i i prepaid, fol
?£S^___B_P^_i il-00, or 3 bottle.. «2.75.
■ Ciiiuiar teat ou n«_«(
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THBJ
great Mexican remedy; gives : health and
[ strength to sexual organs. Depot, 823 Mark«_
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat dull and weak.
Barley ditto.
other oerealfl unchanged.
Hay still nominal and neglected.
tuffs stand as before.
Beans and Seeds Inactive.
Potatoes and Onions weaker.
Good shipping demand for Vegetables.
Butter and Eggs tirm. Cheese weak.
Poultry market In good shape.
<"h.-rrtes in larger supply.
Navel Oranges advanced.
Oregon :>uit crop very short. .
Provisions unchanged.
Meat murket as I
OREGON FRUIT AND GRAIN CROPS.
B. S. Pague, section director. United- States
Department of Agriculture for the Climate and i
".ull-tin of the Weather Bureau, Oregon ,
gives the condition of the fruit and ,
grain crops f"r the week ended Monday, Muy (
- follows:
The bulletin for the corresponding week last
y.-ur announced general rains and low tem
perature, bo opportune they were and the
great benefit to crops. The same conditions ;
II this year, but so much weather of I
Line kind bus preceded that, instead of a I
benefit, it has been injurious The soil is
nd wet. Seeding has been delayed, and
now cannot be finished before June 10; then,
(should warm, dry weather prevail, the late
Bprlng crop will not amount to much. Fall
* wn grain lias made little growth, "though it
; . ,\ . llent stand; early sown spring grain
is doing well on the higher land. iVarmer
■ r will be of great benefit to the grain
■
Fruit continues to drop, and especially so
for prunes. In some orchards the Italian
will be an absolute failure; in others,
v small crop is probable. The Petite and Sil
.nes have not fallen so badly, an.l they
! to give a fair yield. Cherries
,rs have been dropping, but. as a rule,
ropa will be had. The peach crop in
tl> southern counties is good; in the northern
counties there will be very few tor shipment.
Apples are yet blooming and a good crop Is
led. The cause "f the dropping is evi
dently due to the cold soil and absence of
heat to force the sap up the tree; the fruit
is therefore literally starved to death, and it
Irops to the ground. The fruit, to-day,
promises I i be a smaller crop than was ever
grown in the Stius.
WEATHER REPORT.
■ (120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 26,-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours :
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka Trace 33.04 32.89
Red Bluff 0.08 20.42 14.71
amento Trace 14.10 10.15
Han Francisco......... D.OO 16.10 9.13
Fresno 0.00 7.08 4.94
,^.in Luis Oblspo 0.00 . 16.46 7.14
L-is Angeles 0.00 4-95 ' 7.06
fan Diego 0.00 4.96 ' 4.94
Yuma • 0.00 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
6S; minimum, 4S: mean. 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There has been but little change in the pres
sure in the last twenty-four hours over the
Pacific slope. An area of low pressurt overlies
the upper Missouri Valley.
The temperature ha.« risen slowly over the
preater portion of California, but the tempera
tures are still from 4 to 10 degrees below the
normal.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Idaho Falls. 3 miles from the south,
and Lander, 2S from the southwest.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending at midnight. May 27, 1899:
Northern California — Fair, warmer Saturday;
light northerly winds in the valley, westerly
winds on the coast.
southern California— Fair, warmer Saturday;
light northerly winds inland, westerly winds
on the coast.
Nevada— Fair, warmer Saturday.
Utah — Cloudy Saturday.
Arizona — Fair Saturday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— warmer
Saturday; fresh westerly winds in the after
noon. ALEXANDER McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 26.— market opened
•with a continuance of the upward movement
which was in force yesterday. Yesterday's
sharp advance brought In a moderate vplume
of buying orders to the commission houses,
•which were .put in at the opening. There
mini to have been also considerable enthu
siasm awakened in the American department
of the London market by the same cause. The
International stocks were bid up there before
the opening here, and the arbitrage brokers
promptly bid them up to a parity here. It
coon became apparent, however, that the bull
party were no more prepared to make exten
sive commitments on the eve of a holiday than
the bears, and the activity soon came to a
standstill. The feverish and erratic tendency
of Consolidated Gas helped to unsettle the mar
kets. Its sudden drop was supposed by out
eiders to indicate some new possibility in the
franchise tax laws, and other stocks in the
eair.e group fell away in sympathy. When the
announcement was made of the action of the
gas directors in reducing the Quarterly divi
dend rate from 2 per cent to 1% per cent there
■was some recovery in the stocks of other New
York municipal corporations. As a rule the
prominent high-priced specialties were weak.
Sugar was a conspicuous sufferer on account of
the reduction in the price of cube sugar, which
presaged another stage of a war of sugar pro
ducers and effectually demolished the recently
current reports of an agreement upon which
the stock had advanced. The extreme decline
5n Kaa was ten points, and it closed only a
quarter above that. Sugar lost six points, but
rallied three and closed with a net loss of 3%.
Both American and Continental Tobacco,
American Steel and Wire, Anaconda and Amer
ican smelting were points of weakness. Man
hattan, Brooklyn Transit and Metropolitan
Street Railway recovered a large part of their
losses. When the selling movement had spent
Its force in the afternoon heavy buying orders
appeared for Atchison preferred and St. Paul,
■which will be paid out for the most part on
a. few slight losses in the railroad list. The
market eased off slightly with the final break
In the specialties, but many railroads show
fractional gains on the day.
The market for bonds continued relatively
more active and stronger than, that for stocks,
a number of new high retord prices being
made. Prices yielded at some points in the
list with the break In stocks and made the
day's changes mixed. Total sales. $4, 362:000.
United States threes registered advanced U
and the old fours coupo* 'i'ln the bid price.'
The total sales of stocks to-day were 393,357
■hares, including: American Smelter p£ferred
3400, American Steel and Wire IG.SOO. American
Steel and Wire preferred 7000. American Sugar
67,700.. American Tinplate 5200, American To
bacco 20.500. Atchison preferred .27,400, Balti
more and Ohio (new) 3800, Brooklyn Rapid
Transit 36,500. Chlca.Ro, Burlington and Quincv
(rights) 14,400. Chicago, Burlington and Qulncy
8000, Consolidated Gas 36,600, Continental To
bacco 23,400. Federal Steel Company 11 400
Louisville and Nashville 8000. Manhattan 11 600'
Metropolitan 5400. Missouri Pacific 4000 North
ern Pacific 6400. People's Gas 7900. Rock Island
S4W, St. Paul 8600, Southern Pacific %m, South
i m Railway preferred 4100, Tennessee Coal
and Iron 13,700, Union Pacific 5200, United
States Rubber 4000.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atehison 18. st Paul .. . 10374
do pref 5614 do pref "lfiqu, <
lial- ft Ohio C,S\ do pref "" "170 '
Can Pac 98% So Par .....'. s<>v,
Con So 51 -do pref .." 51
Cent Pac &2« Tex £ Pac 19
Ches & Ohio 24% Union i' ac " 42
Chi & Alton 160' do prefd 747,4
Chi P. & Q I.VJH Wnbaah .1../.."" 7*
Chi & X 111 76 I do pref .... " 2014
do pref 12.1 (Wheel & L X new nt
Chi O W 13>1. do pref .. . ... 23
Chi irvl & L 9 1 Express companies—
<"■<> prel 37 Adams 110
Chi ■& N W 1.-,7>; American Ex .... 138
do pref 191 United States ... 48
CCC& St L 62 Wells-FarßO .... 126
■'••' pref 96 Miscellaneous-
Del & Hudson ll"'.4'Am Cot Oil ... 34%
Del L& W 16.-, do pref ' 90&
I) & R G 22% Am Spirits t. 10
do prcf 7>i ; do pref 30%
Erie new :. mi Am Tobacco ...... 9714
do Ist pref ...... :'.i i do r>rpf . 141
Ft Wayne IS4 Con Gas 170%
Gt Nor pref 171 Com Cable Co 179
HI <>nt V.V 113 Col i- at Iron 44%
I. Erie & W 10 do pref 100
do pref 87V4 Gen Electric 1171,4
Lake Shore 203 1 Haw Com! Co 110
Louis & Nash Mv; Brooklyn It T li::'
Manhattan L 109% intnl Paper 45 .
Met St Ry 224 . do pref 7914
Mich Central 113 Laclede "Gas 53
Minn &St L 57 Lead 29%
do Ist pref 101 do pref liny*
Mi Pac 41 Fed Steel r.B»k
Mobile & Ohio 40% do pref sot?
Mo K& T 12 Nat Lin O " 3>i
do pref 32-%' Pullman Palace.. .IKB.
N J Cen v • - 1 1 •'.'_■ Pac Mail 471:
N V On lXl'i Pullman Palace.. .158
N V C A: St L 13 ; Silver certs 61
do Ist pref G3 IS Rope & Twine.. 8
do M pref .:.... 30 Suj?ar ........154%
Wor West l'J : , do pref 116
No Amer Co 11% T C & Iron 68%
No Pac 4SVJ, U S Leather 6
do pref 76% do pref C9Vi
Ontario & W 24T4 US Rubber ....... 47^
Or H & Nay pref.. 70 do pref 114%
Pac Coast Ist pf.. S3 West Union 91' i
do 2d prer 55 Am S & W. ;-. CO
Pittsburg 184 do pref '..95
Keadlnj? 20 Colo So -514
do Ist pref sfi% do Ist. pref 44V4
R G \V 33 I do 2.1 pref ........ 171*
do pref 76'/iPac Coast . :.:. 3S "
Rock Island 109%|Nor & WeS pref... i~i,
St I. ft S F 10% Nat Steel 47%
do pref 69 Hoop Steel 27
do 2d pref ;. 36 Am Tin 35%
St L & S W 13 l ,;iCpnt Tobacco ". 4R%
do pref 32>4| do pref 83
So Railway ....... 11% Glucose 68%
8t P& Om -"W
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s reg 100 M K& T 2ds 67
Do 3s 108% Do 4s ....t 95%
Do coup 10&%,N V Cent lsts US I,*1 ,*
L S new 4s teg... .130% N J Cent 'gen 55.. .120
Do coup 130V4 North Carolina 65. 127
Ij S oia 4s reg 112% Do 4s 104
Do coup 113% N I> lsts 120
I Sss reg 112% Do 3s 67"i
Do coup 112% Do 4s 106V4
District 3.65s 118% N V C & St L 45. .105%
Ala.class A 110 Nor & W con 45... 95
Do B .....110 | Do gen 6s 131
Do C 100 Or Nay lsts ... .111
Do Currency ....100 Do 4s 104V4
Atch gen 4s 102% O 8 Line 6s 132
Do adjt 4s 81% Do con 5s 113
Canada So 2ds 111 Reading Gen 45... 8814
C & O 4*53 94% II <; \V lats 99%
Do 5» .....". 119 St L& I M Con 6e.1U%
C& N Con 7s 144 SLA SI" Gen 65. 125
Do deb 58 122 St 1' Con 167%
Chi Term 4s LO2Vi !St 1' C & P 15t5.. 123%
D& R G lsts 105*; 1 Do 5b 124
Do 4s 103 ISo Ry 5s 11l
F, T Ya & Ga lsts. 103% Standard R & T 6s Ss*i
Erie Gen 4s 72 Term new set 3s 85
Ft \V A D C lsts.. S3 Tex A Pac lsts ..116
Gen Electric 55.... 120% Do 2ds 56%
GHiS A6s 114 UP 4s 109
Do 2ds 111% Wabash lsts 116VJ
I! & T C 5s 113 Do 2ds 99%
Do Con 6s 112 West Shore 43 114%
lowa C lsts 1144 Wis Cent lsts .... 73%
X C P& G lsts.. 66 Ya Centuries 85
La new con 45....110! i' Do deferred .... 7
L& N Unl 4s 99 Colo So 4s S7
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 27 Ontario 7 50
Crown Point 26 Ophir 5 00
Con Oil &. Va 1 60 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry....- 2S Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcross.. 38 Sierra Nevada 72
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 40
Iron Silver 56 Union Con 40
Mexican 42 Yellow Jacket 35
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land B%
Call loans 34@4 | West End 9214
Time loans ....3*i@4*i West End ptd ....116%
Stocks— Westingh Elec ... 49
A T A St Fe 17% Wls Cent 25
Do prefd 55% Bonds —
Amer Sugar 1544 Atchison 4s 101%
Do prefd 116% Mining Shares —
Bell Tel 341 Adventure 10
Boston & Albany.. 26o Allouez Mm Co 9V4
Boston L 108% Atlantic 30
Boston & Maine ..181 ! Boston & Mont 252*4
Chi Bur & Q 130 |Butte & 805t0n.... S3*4
Ed Elec 111 200 Calumet & Hecla..S26
Fltchburg prefd ..116 Centennial 37%
Gen Elec 117 Franklin 20*4
Fed Steel ft 58 »i Humboldt 2*4
Do prefd SOV4 Osceola :.... 53%
Mcx Cent 13 Parrott 5S
Mich Tel 924 Qulncy IC3
N V & N Ens pfd. loo Santa Fe Copper... 13'
Old Colony 20!) Tamarack 217
Old Dominion 40Vi Winona 14
Rubber 47 Wolverine 43%
V p. 41%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were sluggish to-day on
apprehensions of dearer money at the end of
the month. Americans were neglected, but kept
firm a shade above parity. Central Pacific and
Southern Pacific were Btrong features. New
York failed to send support, and the close was
dull. Coppers were quiet. Tintns were 4SVi;
Anacondas, IX: Utah. S 3 *; Boston. 2-V
Gold was quoted at 77s 9d. There is a firm,
quiet Continental demand.
CLOSING
LONDON, May 26.— Canadian Pacific. 10114; ;
Northern Pacific preferred, 78%; Union Pacific
preferred, 77; Anacondas. £IL'; Grand Trunk,
7 T bar silver, quiet, 2s l-16d per ounce; money,
quiet.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NKW YORK, May 86.— Hradstreet'e review of ,
the stock market to-morrow will say: A. dull
and heavy t .ne prevailed during the early part '
of the week. Support was again Riven to the j
share market by large financial interests, but
this manipulation was not sufficient to over
come the Effects of the liquidation of public ,
speculation holdings. Industrial stocks were |
particularly affected by this tendency and on
Wednesday the declines in a number of the ]
newer securities of that class became rather :
pronounced and encoiinigi-d bear operators to i
attack the general stock list. The strength of I
the railway bund market was a feature, but
neither that nor the steadiness ot some of the
prime dividend-paying railroad shares seemed I
to have any effect "n Btocka in which quota
tlons have been inflated or which are widely
distributed among the speculative public. <>n
Thursday, however, the market rallied and the ■
t^ar interests covered short contracts sufficient ',
to cause some of the earlier declines to be re- I
gained. The fact that the Stock Exchange
market will be closed on Monday, as well as
for the legal holiday of the succeeding day,
tended to induce caution on the part of the ;
newly formed short interest among the pro
! fesslonals, and the support given by powerful !
I houses to various specialties also seemed to
1 have some weight. Another circumstance which
appeared to contribute to this end was the
passage at the extra session of the New York
Legislature of the amended franchise tax law.
The unfavorable reports as to crop conditions
were used with some effect upon the grangers
and Southwestern stocks, but It was noticed j
that the groups in question participated in
Thursday's recovery in the face of a further
advance in the price of wheat, and on Friday
Atchison preferred was conspicuously and ex
ceptionally strong. Little apparent response
was given by the stock market to the comple- j
tlon of payments on Monday for the balance
of the amalgamated copper subscriptions, with
hardly a ripple In the money market, although |
on Tuesday the balances at the New York
Clearing-house, amounting to over J19. 000,000.
■vv re the largest on record. The excellent bank I
statement of last Saturday, with a gain of j
over $7,000,000 in the surplus reserve, also fell .
flat at first, but some influence, both on the j
demand for bonds and on the general specu
lative situation, may be ascribed to the In
creased ease of money, which was a feature j
in the latter part of the week. London took
little part in the proceedings here at first, the j
markets on the other side beine dominated by
j the usual Whitsuntide holidays. At their con- !
I elusion there was, however, some foreign buy- |
Ing. particularly In Atchison preferred and
Anacunda shares. Foreign exchange also 'pre-
I Rented renewed evidence of weakness in the
j latter part of the week, largely in consequence
! of this foreign buying of securities. The mar
ket as a whole continues to show that the puh
| lie interest in speculation has been decidedly
checked. Commission house business was far
I from- active and the disposition to liquidate
j speculative holdings asserted itself in the
face of evident efforts to support prices, while,
as was natural under the circumstances, the
be.ar traders have shown much greater activity
than for some time past.
BRADSTREET'S ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW YORK, May 26.— Rradstreet's to-mor
row will say:
Favorable features of current trade still, as
for a long time pa?t, largely outnumber those
of an opposite character. Wholesale distribu
tion Is naturally less active as the season ad
vances, but comparisons with last year are
still very satisfactory. Much is hoped for from
better weather conditions stimulating retail
trade hitherto held in check by the backward
spring season. Industrial activity Is wide
spread and the prices of most staples are either
, vety firm or tendjne upward, except In the
easel of products affettrd by weather condi
tions. That often relied upon barometer of gen
eral business conditions, the iron and steel
trad", report:? increasing rather than lessening
ac ivtty, notwithstanding the approach of
warm weather. In some lines. In fact, the
situation is becoming rather excited. The pres
sure of consumptive demand really seems likely
to either do away with entirely or shorten very
appreciably the summer shut-down period.
Features in this trade are "very heavy buying by
prominent interests in the Central Won. ad-
I vances In :>r.o.-s f f all trades of piiriron and
i many varieties of the more finished product
and predictions of still higher prices to come
coupled with denials by leading Interests of the
"corner" in the market for crude pig. Indi
cations are. that the volume of business now
beinc done or offered is far in advance of all
pn vious records. Export trade is feeling the
check, due not entirely to advancing prices.
however, but to actual inability to take new
business at any price.
The. market for manufactures of cotton '" n
i second to that of Iron and steel, strencjh
being n feature in nearly all the branches, and
a I'iimber of advances being registered for the
week. The raw product, however, reflects lit
tle of this strength, though the advance in fin
istiec'. products may be taken to have offset
slightly improved crojj conditions, a result of
n led rains. Wool is rather less active so far
as new business is concerned, but reflects re
cent heavy speculative buying and relatively
higher prices at interior points than at the
seaboard in firm quotations. The demand for
lumber and bulldinc materials generally con
tinues unabated, and there is talk of brick
manufacturers following examples set by other
trade--- anil combining to regulate the output.
Raw sugar is firm, and the opening of the fruit
season gives confidence In steady nrices for th»*
regned article. Boots and shoes hold recent ad
vances, and hides and leather are firm in sym
pathy. The trade situation is, however, "not
entirely without Us drawbacks. Reports from
winter wheat become increasingly unfavorable.
conservative ostimates pointing to 100, (KM, 000
bushels smaller crop, owing to Insect damage
and near futures are higher on the week. Ex
port trade In several lines are smaller tlian of
late,, parti- owing to less urgent demand for
our food supplies and partly to smaller ship
ments of manuf.T'"red gooas.
Wheat (Including flour) shipments- for the
week aggregnte 3.195.319 bushels, against 2 212 -
106 bushels last week. 4.309,133 bushels in the
corresponding week of IS9S, 2,n5i,326 bushels in
1597", 2.064.950 bushels in 1596. and 2.426.677 bush
els In 1595. Since July 1 this season the ex
ports nf wheat aggregate 205.4 M.373 bushels
aciinst 210.596.97S bushels last year.
Business failures for the week number 15S. as
against 168 last week, 231 in this week a year
ago, 2."7 in Wl. 227 in ISWS, and IS3 in lS!).->.
Business failures in Canada number 23. ns
against IS last week and In this week a year
ago. 20 in 1897, 2. r . In 1896 and 36 in 1895.
DUN'S WEEKLY REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. Mar 2G.— R. G. Dun's wefkly
review of trade will Kay to-morrow:
There Is mine fpar that has no other srur<-p
than tho habit of fear,. Men have found for ko
many years disaster treading on the heels of
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, MAY 27, 1899.
apprehension that they lack faith in good
things present and to come. Every year there
is worry about short crops, and yet the crops
grow larger. The specter of monetary trouble
haunts men who know that the country is
strung beyond any need. Promoting methods
alarm men who are already quite aware, that
it is only needful to put promoted stocks in a
class by themselves. But all the time the vol
ume of business is rising, this week"s pay
ments through the chief clearing-houses being
61 1 per cent larger than last year and 68 per
cent larger than in 1592. For the month thus
far the daily average is 57.9 per cent lnrn>>r
than last year and 66.4 per cent larger than
in 1892. Moreover, this week and every other
brings larger wages to many and increased
purchasing power, and the demand for pro
ducts is consequently expanding in all branches
of consumption.
The rise in Bessemer pig iron to }17 65 at
Plttsburg, $2 in two weeks, in grey forge to
$15 25, in Anthracite No. 1 here to $16 75 and in
local and Southern iron at Chicago, results
directly from the fact that suppHes are less
than the demand. Many more furnaces are in
baste to begin work, some succeeding but
others hindered by difficulty of getting prompt
deliveries of needed parts of machines or
prompt supplies of ore and fuel. The natural
remedy that new orders now call for less work
than was done in April or March is for the
♦Ime hidden by engagement of nearly all con
cerns for months ahead. The largest and best
works are catching up with their orders,
though much behind and obliged to refuse
many, while ethers are entering the field. It
la proof of an astonishing demand that after
nearly five months this congestion continues
and the rise in prices, including advances of
J2 epr ton in plates and bars, is not forced or
unnatural.
Minor metals have followed London so long
that tin sticks at 25.65 cents, though stocks are
large and the demand is remarkably poor and
lead at $4 45, though the demand is slow, while
copper weakens to IS 1 ? cents for lake, British
statistics indicating a fall of nearly a quarter
In consumption for four months this year com
pared with last.
The. heavy sales nf wool, 30.9M.00H pound? at
the three chief markets in three weeks, against
20,780,300 for the same week in 1K97. when the
disastrous speculation of that year had be-
Kiin to turn, and 14,212.150 in 1892, are mostly
to speculators, as manufacture™ are doing
scarcely nothing. Weeks Ago they held that
prices were too high even after some decline,
for the prices at which goods could be sold.
But Western and Eastern speculators have
settled it that the manufacturer will be forced
t,i buy at such prices as they may fix and are
taking large quantities.
The cotton mills have a fairly good de
mand after a 1 considerable advance in
prices of gonds and ■ are producing
largely. The market has been steady at S l t c,
with no ground to expect much change, and the
best reports indicate a decrease in acreage of
4 per cent.
Wheat advanced 2 cents, but lost nearly
all the gain on Friday. Western re
ceipts have fallen to about half of last year's
and exports In four weeks from Atlantic and
Pacific ports have been 15,5>90.1CS bushels, flour
Included, against 13,691. 552 bushels last year,
while from Northern lake ports 7, 926. '137 bushels
have pone out this year. But men forget that
foreign demand, if not as large as it was last
year, with famine Impending, is much larger
than in the same weeks of LSItT, when wheat
exports were only 5. 704. "34 bushels, and also
forget I^eiter speculation caused a wholly un
natural May movement last year, for the West
ern receipts in the past four weeks. '.',280.665
bushels, compared with 19,266,263 last year, but
9,961,670 in the same weeks of -1597, and re
serves In that year were not specially reduced,
but closed quite large enough.
Failures for the week have been 142 In the
United States, against 245 last year, and 16
in Canada, against 21 last year. .
NEW YORK GRAIN ANP PRODUCE.
NKW YORK. May 26. -FLOUR— Receipts, lfi,
--692 barrels: exports. 7fiS6 barrels. Easy on
spring wheat grades and steady for winters,
with light trade all around.
WHEAT— Receipts, 311,495 bushels; exports.
79,601 bushels. Spot weak; No. 2 red. 83% c;
spot and to arrive, f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red,
So%e. elevator. Options— ' opened weak
I on dlssappointlng news, and although favored
with a couple »' sharp rallies during the day.
I ruled generally weak under liquidation. The
close was weak at i ,c to lUe net decline. May
! closed M\o; July, So<g!Bc, closed sm,c: Septem
ber closed 79% c; December, 79%igS0',ie, closed
■ 79* ■
HOPS— Quiet.
I HIDES—
; WOOL— Steady.
METALS Apathetic conditions continue un
; broken In the local metal market. To-day
: prices were sluggish and business very tame.
! News of consequence failed to appear. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, quiet, at $11 73 nominal.
LAKE COPPKR— DuII, at Jls 7£( nominal.
TIN— with $25 65 bid and $25 7.". asked.
LEAD— with *4 43 bid and $1 50 asked.
SPELTER— DuII, at $6 7". bid and $7 asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 25 and for
copper $18 25®18 50.
( COFFEE — Options closed steady, uncharged,
to 10 i>olnts net lower. Sales, 16.000 bags, In
cluding: Juno. $4 95; July. $."• 65; September,
V, l.'.'ii:. 20; October. 15 2695 30: November, $■". 50;
, December. $.". 55; March. $3 65©'. 70; April, $3 75.
Spot coffee — Rfo, dull and easy. Mild, quiet.
: SUGAR— Raw, quiet and steady to firm. Re
; fined, firm.
HITTER — Receipt*. • '<**) packages: firm.
.Western creamery, 15**18>£c; factory. llV£<?l3c.
EGGS — Receipt.". 2562 packages; market
steady. Western. 13ffil6c: Southern, ll@l2c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, May 25.— California dried fruits,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 7<??Sc:
prime wire tray, S'i@B%c; choice, B%i <• • fancy,
:•'•, :\'\c.
i'RUNKS-4U@9%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI 13%(fi14c; Moorpark, US
18c.
PEACHES— Uhpeeled, 9%<g11%c; peeled, 25®
j SBc •
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
1
' CHICAGO, May 26.— Wheat opened at a de
: cline of lc to l' 4 c, due chiefly to disappointing
i cables, liberal Northwest receipts and reports
I of an improvement in the condition of the
I spring crori. .Selling for both accounts was
I heavy, and the market ruled weak up to the
last hour of the session, when it rallied on an
| accumulation of domestic crop damage news
i and unfavorable advices from Europe. Sell
; ing was soon resumed, however, and became so
aggressive during the last fifteen minutes that
the market weakened ajrain and closed within
y e of the low point of the day. July opened lc
■ to V c lower, at 75>-i@7s%c, declined to 75c, ad
vanced to 76Vic, and sold oft to 73% c at the
! close.
Favorable crop reports and an announce
| ment by a prominent statlstican that the acre
l age would reach 84,000,000 weakened corn. July,
Uc lower.
; Oats declined under liquidation, owing to
slack cash demand, heavy receipts and favor
: able weather. July lost %c to %c.
Heavy hog receipts and the tendency of the
grains weakened provisions. Pork lost 7%c to
i 10c, and lard and ribs 2%c each.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat ' No. 2—
! May I*%. 75% 74>i / 74%
July 75% 76% 75 75V4
September 75% 73% 75 75%
Corn No. 2— r *. -
May 33 33 32% 32%
I July < 33% 33V 4 3274 33
September 33% 33% 33% 33%
Oats No. 2—
May 25% 25% 25>4 25%
1 July 23% 23% 22% 22%
September 20% 20% 19% 19%
Mess pork, per barrel —
I July SlO . 8 12% 805 8 07%
September 8 27% , 8 27% 8 22% 8 22%
■ Lard, per 100. pounds— ■
: July ..• 500 5 02% 500 600
September 5 12%' 5 15- 6 12% 615
Short ribs, per 100 pounds—
i July 4 62% 465 4 62% 4 62%
! September .: 475 4 77% 475 4 77%
j Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, bet
i ter demand and higher; No. 2 spring wheat,
74%@75%c; No. 3 spring wheat, 68(574c; No. 2
red, 76%rp77c: No. 2 corn,, • 33Ur.;33%c; No. 2
1 oats. 2. r .%*i26c; No. 2 white, 28ifi2S%c; No. 3
: white, 27(&25c; No. 2 rye, 62c: No. 2 barley, 36
QUO; No. 1 flaxseed,' SI "6; new winter, ?l 07:
: prime timothy seed, $2 23; mess pork, per bar
: rel, $8(fl8 05;- lard, per- 100 pounds, $4 97%@5;
i short ribs sides (loose). $4 455T4 70; dry salted
! shoulders (boxed), 06#4%c; short clear sides
' (boxed). $4 96®5 05; whisky, distillers' finished
: goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugar, cut loaf, un
j changed.
Articles— ■ ' Receipts. Shipments.
I Flour, barrels *.... 12,000 14,000
1 Wheat, bushels 18,000. 5,000
< Corn, bushels 146,000 349,000
I Oats, bushels 502.000 . 184,000
Rye. bushels .........72,000. ......
I Barley, bushels . 1,000
On the Produce Exchange, to-day, the but
ter market was quiet. Creameries, 12@17%c;
dairies, 10O16c. Eggs, steady; fresh, i3c.
Cheese, weak; creams, B%@9&c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening' 5 10% , » 8%
Closing 5 10% 5 9%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat ... May. Sept.-Dec.
I Opening 20 60 20 45
Closing : 20 73 20 40
Flour— . *..
Opening .;...' .V 4353 »; 2790
Closing 43 CO 27 95
• EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. May 26. -CATTLE— Trade in
cattle was dull and prices ruled a shade easier.
Fancy grades brought $5 60®5 70; choice steers,
%', 30*1.-, 55; mediums, %\ 85<fi5; beef steers, $4 40©
4 80; bulls, $3@4 60; cows and heifers, $3 70@
4 50; Western fed steers, $4 75@5 50; Texans
$4 2065:. calves, $5<87 75. ■ •
HOGS— The supply of hogs was In excess' of
i the demand and prices ruled 2%c lower. Fair
I to choice, $3 77%ifi3 87%; -heavy packers, $3 50&
1 3 75; mixed, $3 60<§3 80; pigs, $3 25@3 70. .
SHEEP— was a • lively demand ' for
I sheep and lambs at the recent decline Poor
to prime sheep. $3 50©5 50, chiefly $4 7505 45
--yearlings. $5 sOi?fs 85; clipper! lambs, $1 23@6 50;
! largely $5 Ss#6 30; Colorado wooled lambs,
,$6 'i. -Iff, S5; spring lambs, ,s7(g'B per. hundred
weight. \ . . '■•■.;. • • . . £««»{&&,
--: Receipts-Cattle, 2500; hogs, 35,000; sheep, 7000.
- - ■ . . - . . ■
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. May 26.— Consols. 109 15-16; silver.
28 1-I6d; French rentes, 102f 30c; wheat cargoes
off coast,' buyers indifferent operators; cargoes
on passage, sellers at advance 3d.
LIVERPOOL. May 26.— Wheat, steady: No.
1 standard California, •6s 3d; wheat in Paris,
steady: flour in Paris, steady; weather in Eng
land, cloudy.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. ' 2 red Western winter,
steady, fin; .No. 1 red Northern Duluth, steady,
Gs 4d. Futures, steady; July, as lOHd; Septem
ber. 5s '.'\cl.
CORN— Spot, American mixed new, steady,
3s 6d: American mixed, old. steady. 3s 6*id.
Futures, quiet; May, 3s 6d; July. 3s 5%d; Sep
tember. 3s s s ',d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm. 7s 6d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days,
302.000 centals. including 215.0C0 American.
Receipts of American corn during the past
three days, 247,200 centals. Weather partly
cloudy.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
\ ".'. ' *
PORTLAND, Or., May 26.— Clearings, $253,
--319; balances, $75,5*4. _" ,
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., May 26.— The local wheat
market took a spurt, this afternoon and 59c was
bid for Walla Walla, with reports that a cent
better had been offered at points in the interior.
But few of the exporters care to quote thii
high, most of them quoting 5Sc. The same par
ties who were paying 55c for Walla Walla re
fused to quote over 59c for valley, but blue
stem can be worked at 61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May. —Wheat moved up another
half cent in the local market to-day, under the
effect of an improved tone in the dispatches
from Eastern markets. Club is quoted at 5Sc;
blue stem, 61c.
•
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S6V£
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 88*-
Sterling Cables .- — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight: — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — - 1"
Mexican Dollars — 49%050>/2
Fine Silver, per ounce , — 61
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market was dull and un
changed. Chicago dropped from 76V&C to 75c.
The situation remains unchanged in all posi
tions.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 06U@l " <s \: milling.
$1 1091 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES. V>/
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December —
2000 ctls. $1 16%: 26,000, $1 17.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 17V4.
Regular Morning Session — December— 24,ooo
ctls, $1 16%.
. Afternoon Session— December— Booo ctls,
$1 16%.
BARLEY— market continues dull and
weak, with a decline in futures. Buyers hold
off. /
Feed, $1 0591 10; Brewing, $1 12%©1 15 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o"clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December — ctls,
SS%c; 2000, S8 7 ii:. Seller '99, new— S4?ic;
10,000, 85c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, 89c;
14.000. S8&c: Seller '99, new— 85c.
OATS— The market is quiet and unchanged.
Fancy Feed, $1 47%fgl 50 per ctl; good- to
choice, $1 42%01 47%: common, $1 32%01 40;
Surprise, $1 50&1 55; Gray, $1369145; Milling,
$1 4691 50 per ctl; Red, $1 3501 40; Black. $1 30
©1 32%. •
CORN — old quotations rule, with not
much demand.
Small round Yellow. $1 3001 32%; Eastern
large Yellow. $1 12» ; White. $1 1591 17,*.;
mixed. $1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— 97y>col 02% per ctl..
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI..
FLOUR AND MrLLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 13,670 bbls Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6033 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40<g3 45 |.er barrel for extra,
$3 25(&3 40 for bakers' and $2 30(g2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in Backs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Hice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50(ix4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 2503 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4114 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $1 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55@5 95; tn sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 Der 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market Is. very tame. There is
not much coming in, and even that does not
seem 'to be wanted. The feeling continues
weak.
There is no change In Feedstuffs.
lIKAN- sl6@lt> 50 pec ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7®W» 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFKS— RoIIed Barley, $23@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25(326 50; Job
bing, $27 &0; Cocoanut Cake. $21022; Cornmeal.
$23 50924 50: Cracked- Corn. $24«25; Mixed
Feed. 116016; Cottonseed Meal. $24®26 per ton.
OLD HAY— Wheat, $10@12 for good to choice
and $7 .'."'«» 9 for lower grades: Wheat and Oat.
$7©11; Oat. $6@10; Barley. $6@S: Alfalfa, »5®7.
NEW HAY— Wheat, $7(gS; Wild Oat, $607;
Alfalfa. $s<fi7 per ton.
STRAW— 2S<&SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Dullness still characterizes the market. Prices
stand the same.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 4''"iil 50; Small White. $1 90
@2 10; Large Whites, $1 4091 65: Pinks, $1 SO®
1 90- Reds. $2 35; Blackeye. $4@4 15; Butters,
nominal; Limas. $3 9U£i4, Pea, *2&2 35; Red
Kidneys. $2 50«52 70 per ctl.
— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 2%£r3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
!V- per lb; Alfalfa, BH@9Hc; Rape. 3@3'ic;
Hemp. 4@4Vicj Timothy. A\'t , ■
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 50@l 90; Green, $-75
©2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 446 boxes Asparagus, 151 boxes
Rhubarb, 230 sacks Peas and 3381 boxes and 275
sacks new Potatoes.
A shipping demand steadied the market for
Beans ami Peas, and the latter were especially
firm. Cabbages declined. Other Vegetables
were quiet as a rule.
Potatoes and Onions were weaker.
The first Green Corn appeared from Brent
wood. Contra Costa County, but was not sold.
POTATOES- Old. $J 2501 75 per rtl: New Po
tatoes. l@lVic per Hi in sacks and $1 25@1 40 for
Rivers in boxes.
ONIONS— are nominal; new, 25'540c per
sack for Red.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 50c(J?$l 25 per
box for No. 2, $1 5001 75 for No. 1 nnd $2©
225 for fancy: Rhubarb, 50(ii63c per box for
common and 75c®$J for good to choice: Green
Peas, mS3c per lb: String Beans from Los An
geles, 4!<lsc for green and s(fißc for Golden Wax:
String Beans from Vacavllle. s@7c for . green
and s'<i7c for Wax: Horse Beans, 35@50c per
sack; Cabbage, {19115; Tomatoes, $101 60
per box: Mexican Tomatoes, $I<Wl 50: Egg
Plant, 10012V4C per lb; Garlic, 4<fTsc for new;
Dried Okra. 15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c;
Green Peppers. 10915 c; Carrots. 30.fr40c per
pack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 25<575c per dozen;
Sacramento and Marysville . Cucumbers, $2@2 50
per box; Summer Squash, 60@$l per box.
• POULTRY AND GAME.
The market continues in good shape, there I
being no Eastern here and arrivals of local
stock being light.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14f?15e for Gob
blers and 14015 c for H.-ns; Geese, per pair.
$1 50; Goslings, $1 1501 75; Ducks. $4 5005 tor Old
and V> 5006 50 for young; Hens, }5 50»frC 50; young
Roosters, IT'iis 50; old Roosters, 1506 50; Fryers
%t@t 50; Broilers, J4 6005 50 for large, S2 50
<fr3 50 for small; Pigeons, ■ $2@2 25 per dozen
for old and $2#2 26 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1. Rabbits. $125 for Cotton
tails and %l for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
What with diminished receipts and the con
tinuous packing the Butter market rules firm
and sales over the quotations are reported.
Cheese continues weak. Eggs have gone up
another notch and are firm at the advance.
IUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 17@17'/ic: sec
onds, WAc.
Dairy— Fancy, 16c; good to choice, 13@15c;
store, 12'^c per In.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. B%(ff9c: old. 8c;
Younpr America. 10c: Eastern, 13015 c.
EGGS— Quoted at lC@l7c for store and 18r c /19 0
per dozen fur ranch; Eastern, lG'/£@l7c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITHUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 3465 boxes Cherries and 6SO
chests Strawberries.
There was a good shipping demand for Cher
ries for the north, and this tended to offset
the increased receipts, otherwise the market
might have broken. As it was, there was
a slight decline.
Figs from Palm Springs sold at |1 50(gl 75
per box. and from Arizona at $2.
Peaches. Plums, Apples and Apricots were
in larger receipt, but sold off well?
Theie was BO particular change In Berries,
except for a further advance in Gooseberries,
which seem rather scarce this year. None have
yet been received from Oregon.
Fancy Navels have- again advanced; other
wise Citrus Fruits remain unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 r.n@2 50 for fair to good and J3@
3 SO for choice to fancy; Green Apples, 60<5~c
per box.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 30c per drawer and
2^r,,Vi,c ocr lb in bulk; Blackberries from New
castle, Jl 25 per crate; from Covina. $2ir2 25;
Strawberries, Wad per chest for small nn<i f^r
4 for large berries; Raspberries, 25«j50c per
drawer; Newcastle Raspberries, Jlfii 25 per
crate; Logan Berries, 45(&50c per drawer.
Currants. Mtt7sc per drawer
Cherries. 30@50c for white, 60<f?S5c for Royal
Anne and 40i??fi5c per box for black; black, in
bulk, 3ft 6c; w\te. 3@4c per lb; Royal Anne.
s@7c.
Green Pears. ."OOTHc per box
Apricots, Jl 25 per crate and $I®l 25 per
box for Pringles and $W1 50 per box for Royals.
Peaches, $I^l 75 per box.
Plums. 75cft$l 50 per box.
Cherry Plums. &iffi7sc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 Go@4
per box; Seedlings, $1 25@2 25; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 50rii2 25; Lemons, $1 25@1 50 for com
mon and $2r& 2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes $4 5095; California Limes. 50@75c per
small box; Grape Fruit, 50c®$l; Bananas, $1 50
@2 per bunch; Pineapples. $3#4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The Government report on the' condition of
the .Oregon fruit crop appears in the first
column, and will interest growers.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' 8. 5@
5%c for 50-60' s. 4©4^c for 60-70's, 3%@3%c for
70-80' 2%(g3 1 4c for 80-90' 2%@2%c for 90-100'
and 2@2^c for 100-110's; Peaches, 8%®9%C for
good to choice, 10@10%c for fancy and 14@15c
for peeled; Apricots, 12Vz@13cfor Royals and
H(Slsc for Moorparks; Kvaporated Applies, BH®
'iSiC- sun dried out; Black Figs, out; Plums,
nominal, lHc for unpltted and 4%@Cc for pitted;
Pears 309 c. according to color, etc.
RAISINS — for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown b%c for four-crown. 4%@6c for Seedless
Sultanas 3 c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London 'layers; Dried Grapes. 2%@3e.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, s@!Sc
for hardshell 10«gllc for softshell; Almonds, S©'
9c for hardshell. 12@13c for softshell, 14§16c for
papershell: Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4Vi@
'c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
' HONEY— Comb. 10011 c for bright ; and B<g3c
for lower grades: water white extracted, "U®
7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 6@5%c
P< BEESWAX— 25@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The demand continues good at unchanged
quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Sc per lb for heavy,
S%@9c for light medium, 10V4@llc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Pastern Sugar-cured Hams, lligllHc: California
flairs 10@10%c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbi; extra
Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef, ifls@ls 50;. extra
prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5V4@5%c per lb for
compound and 7%@7%c for pure; half barrels,
cure 8c; 10-lb tins. S%c: 5-lb tins, S^c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-ib pails. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case BV4c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins' 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c: wooden buckets. 2') I
lbs net B%c: fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels.' about 110 lbs, 7%c. . .
HIDES*. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS. .
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers We; medium. 9@9i.4c; light, B>£c; Cow
hides ' 9c; Stags. €®6%c;- Salted Kip, 0c; Calf,
ifir- dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls and brands.
18c : dry Kip and Veal. 15@15%c; dry Calf, lie;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10@30c each; short
Wool 35060 c each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool,
lOcfm 10 each; Horse Hides, salt.. $1 7592 25
for large and $1 for small: Colts. 50c :
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4@4>,ic per lb; No.
a 3%ffi3*ic: refined, ; grease, 3c.
'WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaqut.n and
Southerns. 7 months. 7@9c! year's staple. 6@Sc;
Foothill and Northern free.. IKixUc: Foothill
and Northern defective, 80 10 c; Nevada, 10(^13c;
Humbolitt and Mendoclno. 14@16c.
Fall Wools— ,
Northern Mountain .....7 @B^c
Southern • • 6 4j'7Hc
HOPS— JS9S crop. 10@llc per lb for ordinary,
12@12%c for good and 13@15c for choice to
fancy "from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, s%<??sVic for
June and July; Wool Bags, 260.28 c; San Quen
tin Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton: New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $S 50 in bulk and $9 50 !
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 CO; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there have been five ar
rivals of coal from Washington with 9377 tons;
three from British Columbia, 10.415 tons; two
from Oregon, 950 tons; two from Newcastle.
N. S. W., 7441 tons: total, 25.353 tons. Sales
and supplies this week -jus* about tally, so that
but little has been hauled Into yard, de
liveries being made from ship's side; this
proves quite an advantage to the sellers. Prices
! remain unchanged, the only grade ', which in
i very firm at asking price is Australian, as j
' tonnage there Is scarce, hence ■ freights are
\ strongly maintained. It was naturally antici
pated that with our crop prospects, coal freights
from Australia would have been 50 to 75 cents
per tan lower than are now prevailing, but
the Liverpool wheat market is very low and
shows but little vitality, so that our shippers
are Indifferent about chartering, and grain
freights are neglected. This cannot endure
much longer, the farmer or the shipowner must
| succumb, so charters may be effected.
Coal consumers arc- not suffering, there is
sufficient coast fuel arriving to keep the wheels
turning." .
■ RlCE— China mixed. $2 90(83 95: China No. 1
$.4 50<fi'4 90; extra do, $695 35; Hawaiian. $G@ |
6 25; Japan, $4 2694 90; Lousiana, $s<Ji6 50.
BUQAK— Western Sugar aetining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushe'i and Fine' Crushed. a^c;
I Powdered, s\c; Candy Granulated, o%c; Dry
Granulated. s»ic: Confectioners' A. sic: Cali
fornia A. sc; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4\c;
Golden C, 4%c: barrels, l-16c more: half barrels.
I ' 4 c more; boxes, '^c more: 50-lb bags, ',4c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
No further change in prices is reported.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%©B%C per lb for Steers and 6ViQ7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7«jSVic per lb.
MUTTON-Wethers. 7ff7Hc; Ewes. 7c per lb.
I.A MB— Spring. SfrSHc per ID.
PORK— Live Hots. r.'-'(is% c for small, a\®
B%c for medium and sjTsi4c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4\@sc; dressed Hogs, 7®
S'.tc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, May 20.
Flour qr sks 41.501 Wool, hags 4m
Wheat, ctls 6?620 Quicksilver, flks. 30
Barley, ctls 2,705 Straw, -tons 19
Oats, ctls 420 Hay. tons 240
Cheese, ctls 114 Powder, car 1
Butter, ctls 277 Pelts, bdln ISO
Tallow, ctls .• 252 Hides, No 534
Beans, sks '.'66 Lime, bbls 182
Bran, sks 795 Eggs, doz 16,440
Potatoes, sks ... 2.372 Lumber, feet 10,0f)0
Onions, sks 1,895 Leather rolls ... 106
Middlings, sks .. 465 Wine, gals 15,750
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1.432 Oats, ctls 430
Family Retail Market.
Butter and Eggs are slightly dearer. »Clieese
Is petting; cheaper. ■;■/.,:.'
Meats, Fish and Poultry show little change.
The summer fruits are coming lit in greater
quantity and assortment and will soon be
within reach of the average purse.
Vegetables are plentiful, though prices are
rather higher than usual at this time of the
year. .
Following Is The Call's regular weekly price
list:
Coal, per ton—
Tannel 1 (f?l2 00 Tastle Gate.. s9 60@
Wellington . 010 00 Southfleld
Yew Welling- I Wellington (§ 9 50
ton ft 10 00 poos Bay @ 7 00
Seattle 8 'jOtj: I
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per | Common Eggs..l7>Affl2o
square 40045 Kanch Eggs, per '
Do. per roll 3511—1 dozen 80025
Do. good 30®— I Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal 12<ft — I tt> 12015
Cheese, Eastern.. 17t« 20 Do, extracted.. .— (fi'lO
cheese, Swiss 20&25 ,;'•■;
Meats, per lt> —
Bacon — 12(f?17 Pork, fresh — ®15
Beef, choice 18020 Pork, salt 12(§15
Do, good 10016 Pork, chops.. 15©18
•Corned Beef S«J10 Round Steak 10012
Ham, Cal v 12M-013 Sirloin Steak 15©—
Do. Eastern — ©15 Porterhouse. d 0. ..20026
Lard :10f; 15 'Smoked Beef 12<f?15
Mutton .'. 10013 iPork Sausages. .l2V£(ft2o
Lamb 12@15;Veal 15@18
Poultry and Gaine — •
Hens, each jO@7s! Turkeys, per 1b...18@20
Young ; Roost- Ducks, each...7sc@sl 00
era, each — .75c@$l 00 Geese, each... tl 260] 50
Old Roosters, Pigeons, pair 50@60
-each 60<??75' Rabbits, pair.. — @ 40
Fryers, each......— 75 1 Hare, each 15© 20
Broilers, each 50@6.".!
Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds. IT) 15®20 | Limes, doz ....... — @15
Green Apples 6<?B Oranges, doz 15080
Apricots, ,1b.. 10029 Pears, per lb S<s 10
Bananas, doz 10025 I Peaches, per |b.,.10®16
Blackberries, per I Plums, per lb 10(g]2
basket 16020 Raisins, 1b..; s^lo
Cherries, per lb.. £012 Raspberries, per
Currants, per bX.7ScOI basket 10(515
Figs, per r1b...'.'.".35«g — Strawberries, per
Sooseberries, 1t)... 6© S | drawer 23@40
Lemons, doz 20@— Walnuts, It) 12@15
Vegetables i ,
Artichokes. doz...2o(Sso|L4ttuce. doz laifi)—
Asparagus 5@12 Onions. lb.. 2ffj) 3
Beets, d0z. ...... ..125*15 f Peppers, green, 1b15©20
lieans, white, Tb.. 4(S) 5 Potatoes, tb 2® 3
Colored. 1b....... 4@ a 1 Do, new 3@ 4
Lima. It) :...; 6@— Parsnips,' doz 15©—
Cabbage, each — — Rhubarb, per It).. 4@ 6
Cauliflowers, each si?ilO Radishes, dz bchs.lO(f?l2
Celery, bunch..... s@»- Page, dz bnch5....25W35
Cucumbers, per String Beans, lb.. B@l2
dozen ....... 75c(ff$l 00 Summer Squash 6©B
Cress, doz. bnchs.. 2s i Thyme, tb 20030
Ferg Plant, per lb. 15*1 20, Turnips, doz..". 10015
Green Peas, 1b.....4®5 Tomatoes, lb. . 1O{?12
Lentils, rb.. ....... 6@ 8 . " ■ -
Fish, per Tb— ;;*.'. :\ . .
Barracuda ........— @15 IShad 10<!?12
Carp lO#— Striped Bass ...15@_
Codfish I2fiir, Smelts ....<....; v,i\;
Flounders ........ 10C1J Poles .....;..... ".'l2«8)lS
Halibut ...13@— Skates, each ..'.'.'. io<g>—
Kingtish ...... . . — W— ■ Tomcod .IS®—
Mackerel 20$— | Clams. gal 50ig>—
Do. Horse ..—«—[ Do, hardshell. 100.40f(i',-,n
, Perch ■ IZHt— Crabs, each 10©15
Pompano ..'....— @sl 50 Do. softshell. d0z.25®35
Rockflsh litft— | Mussels, qt... ■..;.. 10(0512
Palmon. smoked.. 2ol!?— Oysters. Cal, 100..40<JJ50
Salmon, fresh ...10015 Do, Eastern d0z..25@40
Shrimps ............ B<£lo|
THE STOCK MARKET.
The feeling was weak In securities on the
morning session. Gas and Electric declined
to $65, Giant Powder to $74 75, Oceanic to $86
and Onomea Sugar to $42 50.
There was no particular change in the atter
'Mining stocks were rather firmer again. The
telegram from the pump said: "Second eleva
tor is working steadily on half time ami is
holding the water near the 1950-foot level.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Homestake Mining Company or south uaKota
h.is t.een called for July IS in this city to
vute on an increase of stock for the rnmpanj
from its present amount of $12,500,060 to »ii,
--000,000. This increased capital, represented by
86,000 shares, will be used for the purpose of
purchasing all the properties and the entire
capital stock ot the Highland Mining Com
pany, the Black Hills Canal andj^ater Com
pany and the Black Hills and Fort Pierre Rail
road Company. It is also proposed to increase
the number of directors from five, to seven.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, May 26—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. . Bld.Aßk.
Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 6% <%,
4s quar c0up.. 114 — 1 Mutual El Co. 15Vs loVi
4s quar reg — — Oakland Gas.. U-a. *■>'*
4s quar new.. — 130% Pac Gas Imp. 64% —
5s quar coup..loS — Pac LCo t«.
Miscellaneous— SF G & E.... bJ 1 * b.j ■•
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — San Fran »% •>%
Cal Elec L bs. 125^127% Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55.... — 112% Insurance—
Dup-st t-x c... — — iFirem's Fund. 22o —
E L & P 65.. 130%— I Bank Stocks-
K<t Cl Hy 65.115% — Anglo-Cal — 65%
Gearv-st R ss. 90 99 Bank of Ca1. .260 26..
HC& s> &*»..1u2V4 - ,Cal S D & T. — 3SV4
L A Ry 55.... 107 — |Frst National. 22o -
L A L Co «s..iin% - |Lon P & A. ...130 132
Dd gntd 65..101% - ! Mer Exchange- lb
Market-st 6*...125% - INev Nat Bnk. — 190
Do Ist M ss. 117 117%: Savings Banks—
NCN Q H 75.1U8 - Ger S & L.1600 1640
N Ry Cal 65..116%117 iHum S & L.IOW 1160
NR of Cal 55.113V> — ' Mutual Say. 3o 41%
NPC R X tis. — "108 is X Say U.. Sou —
NPC R R 55. 105 — |S & L 50... — 88
N Cal R R os. 112 — Security S B 280 —
Oak Gas 55... 11 l — Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Ry 65.. 127 130 ' Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry 65. 107 — California ....116 —
P&O 6s 117 — Geary 07% —
Powell-st 65... — 122V4 Market-st 63Vi —
Sac El Ry 5%. - — Oak SL& H — —
SF& N P 55. 116 l^g Presidio — 16%
S F & S JVos.ll4 114U, Powder—
oierraK Cal fis.lu!<% — California .... — lio
S P of Ar 6s. 113& — E Dynamite... — 'j2%
SPC 6s t1905) — 112 Giant Con Co. 73 raVi
SPC 6s (1906) - — iVigorit 3'A 3*
SPC 6s (1912) — — Sugar—
S P C lscg ss. 104% — Hana P C 0... 17 17%
SPBr 6e 123 — Haw C& S C.112% —
S V Wat 65...116%116% Hutch S P Co. 33% —
S V Wat 45.... 104i,i — iKilauea S Co. — 32' i
S V W45(3dm)102% — Onomea S Co. 42' 2 43
Stktn Gas 65.. 102% — Paauhau S P. 41>4 41%
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 704 — Al Pac A55n.113%114%
Mann Co 50 — Ger Ld Wks. .250 —
Spring Valley. lol — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. S.'>% &7
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A.... 2 l * 2'i
Central G Co.. — — Pac 8 Bor C 0.1171,121. 1171,121
Cent L & P.. 6% — F Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 114 25
2. r > Contra Costa Water 70 75
355 Giant Powder Con 75 00
200 Giant Powder Con 74 75
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. lo7 25
lftO Market Street Railway .: 63 25
10 Mutual Electric Light 15 50
$10,000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds, llfi 50
10 Oceanic S S Co B6 00
300 onomea Sugar Co 42 50
US I'aauhau S 1' Co 41 37%
3.1 Pacific Gas Imp 65 00
25 Pacific Gas Imp' % 64 50
5 Pacific Gas Imp 64 37%
300 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 65 00
150 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 65 25
15 San Fran Gas & Electric Co, b 15.. 65 25
$1(100 S F & N P Ry bonds llri 25
$3mK) S F & N' P Ry bonds 116 12%
JKiOO S F & N P Ry bonds 116 00
80 Spring Valley Water 100 75
20 Spring Valley Water 100 62%
Afternoon Session.
Br.ard
-100 Contra Costa Water 70 50
25 Giant Powder Con, 75 12%
100 Giant Powder Con 75 00
L 75 Hutchinson S P Co 34 (0
$2000 Los Angeles Ry ."> per cent b0nd5... 107 25
66 Mutual Electric Light ].', 25
15 Oceanic S S Co 86 00
100 Onomea Sugar Co 42 50
100 Onomea Sugar Co 42 t>2%
200 Paauhau S P Co 4! :7» .
5 Pacific Gas Imp 6c
$30>iO S F & S J V bonds 114 "0
75 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0..., •;:, 2:>
3" San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 65 50
5 Spring Valley Water 100 75
Street—
100 Market Street Railway 63 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
40 Spring; Valley "Water 10100
50 Central Light & Power 6 50
2:. Giant Powder Con 75 75
ioo Vigorit Powder 4 no
200 Vigorit Powder 3 S7!*
20 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 65 50 '
Afternoon Session.
Board —
75 Central Light & Power 6 50
4ft Giant Powder ("on 74 87%
In Giant Powder Con 74 7.'.
B0 I'aauhau S P Co 41 25
40 Contra Costa Water ...'. 70 75
PAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND .EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
ioo Equitable Gas 6 fi2M>
50 Giant Powder Con 75 75
JIOOO I" S ;i per cent bonds 107 75
ZOO Vigorit Powder 4 00
Afternoon Session.
20 Contra Costa Water 70 75
2", Kquitable Gas 6 73
.'." Ciant Powder Con 7.". 00
35 Hutchinson S P Co 34 25
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s W" 2.'.
50 Paauhau S P Co 41 50
Stre' t —
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 65 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were tho sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha 05: 100 Crown Point... 30
ICO Belcher 35: 300 Mexican 47
200 Challenge 34; 100 Ophlr 115
&00 Con Cal & Va.l 75; 200 Overman 15
Afternoon Session.
400 Alt* 06 100 Mexican 50
400 Andes 09 200 Occidental .. 3"!
500 Best & Belcher 53 700 Ophir 115
200 Bullion 06 100 Overman 16
600 Caledonia 5S 200 Potosl 40
100 Caledonia 59 200 Savage 27
300 Challenge 36 200 Union Con 46
20n Chollar 34 200 Utah is
100 Justice 19! ■
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 10 200 Con Cal & V.I 77';
200 Belcher 35 .WO Con Cal & V...1 K0
200 Caledonia 5S 300 Occidental 31
200 Chollar 33 200 Ophir IT,
.2PO Chollar 34 300 Ophir 117'/,
500 Con Cal & V...1 75 200 Union Con .... 46
Afternoon Session.
1000 Andes 10 200 Con Cal & V 175
400 Belcher 35; 200 Ophir 1
300 Best & Belcher 53 600 Ophir i 17I;
500 Caledonia 60 200 Ophir 1 li
200 Caledonia 59' 500 Overman' * 16
900 Chollar 35 300 Potosi ' 43
400 Chollar 33 1 200 Potosi " 41
200 Con Cal & V...1 80; 200 Potosi .... "" 40
200 Con Cal & V.I 77V4! 300 Sierra Nevada! 77
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. May. ?6-4 p. m.
 . BldAsk ;l T Bid.Ask.
Alpha . .. 06 Justice 19 20
Alta 06 07 Kentuek ... _ 07
Andes OS 09 Lady Wash .... 01 0'
Belcher 34 36 Mexican 48 49
Best & Belcher 52 53 Occidental .. 30 32
Bullion 05 o";Ophir 110 115
Caledonia 57 60iOverman 16 17
Chollar 33 34; Potosi 39 40
Challenge Con. 35 37 Savage 24 la
Confidence 1 00 1 05 Scorpion
Con Cal & Va.l 70 175 Seg Belcher.'." 02 03
Con Imperial.. 01 02 Sierra Nevada 7fi 77
Crown Point... 29 .30 Silver Hill 0" 03
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate ... — 05
Exchequer 01 .03 Standard 260 —
Gould & Curry 31 32 Union Con .... 44 45
Hale & Norcrs 35 36 Utah 16 17
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 3S 33
NOTICE TO MARINERS— POINT VINCENTE
CALIFORNIA.
Office United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Twelfth District, San Francisco, Cal.. May
26, 1899.
Notice is hereby given that on May 22 1599,
a whistling buoy, painted red and marked "Pt
V." in white, was established in 114 feet of
■water, about 5-16 of a mile S.S.W of Point
Vlnct-nte, San Pedro channel. Cal. on the fol
lowing hearings, viz.: Point Vincente, in
range with high water rock*. N.N.E., 5-16 mile;
tangent Lon Point, E.N.E. 34 E.; Point Fermin
lighthouse, E % S. 6% miles; tangent Rocky
Point, N.N.W. % W. This buoy should be left
to northward. This notice affects the "List
of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1895."
page 13.
NOTICE TO MARINERS—POINT BUCHON.
CALIFORNIA.
Notice is hereby given that the whistling
buoy off Point Buchon, Cal.. Is now in good
working order.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, IS9S," page 14.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE. Commander, U. S. N.
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Misalon-atreet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes lßter than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. MAY 27.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
th» early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
■lay In the order of occurrence as to time Th*
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld«
*nd the last or right hand column gives th«
•nst tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to th£ soundings on th»
United States Coast Purvey charts, except
when a minus sign <— precedes the heigh'
and then the number given is subtracted rrom
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference 1 = the moon nf th» l"wi-r low watery
TIME BALL.
Branch HydrnrmrMe Office. U. S. N., Mer
'•Viant'' Frchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 26, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at %
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. V. 8. N.. in charg»
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. May 2S.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, .".I hours from Coo§
Bay.
Stmr Crescent City, Stnrkfleth, 75 hour? from
Grays Harbor, via Crescent City "2 houi-s.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 16 hours from
Mendocino. .
Stmr Scotia. Liinqu}st. 3fl hours from Eureka.
Stmr Bonita. Nicolson, 72 hours from New
port (S).
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg:.
lir stmr Wyefteld, Cartmer, P4 hours from
Nanaimo.
Br bark Moel Eilian. Owen, 61 days from
Pisaqu.i.
Schr Neptune, Estvoid. 3 days from Usal.
CLEARED.
g Friday. May 2fi.
Brig Consuelo, Page, Mahukona; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego, etc; Good
all. Perkins * Co.
Schr I'na, Harkins. Cape Nomo; Cape Nomo
Mining and Trading Co.
stmr Albion. Erickson, whaling, via St Mich
ael; J S Kimball & Co.
SAILED. .
Friday, May 26.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Greenwood, Fegerlund. .
Stmr Walla Walla. Gage, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego.
Stmr George Loomfs, Bridgett, Ventura.
Schr Glen, Nielsen. Q">os Bay.
Schr Laura Pike. Johnson. Eureka.
Schr Ivy. BamueUon, Coos Bay.
Schr Reliance. Nordling. .
Schr Western Home. Dannevig. .
Schr Nettie Low, Low. Point Reyes.
RETURNED.
Friday. May 2fl.
Schr Reliance, Nordltaff, hence this morn
ing, for Flsks Mill, returned on account of
carrying away center hoard off the Lightship.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 26, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind; NW; velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
April 14, lat 56 S, long SO W— Ship Kenil
worth. from New York, for San Francisco.
May 3. lat 1 S. long 26 *V— Br ship Merven,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
May 17. lat 31 N, long 18 W— Br bark Inver
cauld (becalmed), from Swansea, for San
Francisco.
CHARTERS.
The Martha Davis loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Fannie Adele loads lumber at Grays Har
] bor. for Honolulu. The Ardencraig was char
; tered prior to arrival for wheat to Europe,
2Ss 9d.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAT— Passed May 26— Aust stmr
Siam, from Nanaimo, for San Francisco: Br
hark Powys Castle, from Seattle, for Hong-
FORT ANCKI.ES— SaiIed May 26— Ship Char
mer, for Departure Bay.
Arrived May 26 — Stfhr J B Leeds, from La
Tnion: schr C S Holmes, from Honolulu, per
bark Francisco Tozo, from Eton, Peru.
PORT TOWNSEND Sailed May 2.".— Ship
Louis Walsh, for Tacoma ; stmr Orizaba, for
• FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 26— Stmr Nojro,
for S;>n Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Arrived May 26— Schr J Ep
pinger. hence May 23. '
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived May 2*— Schr
Bender Brothers, hence April 29.
C7MPQU A— Sailed May 21— Schrs Lucy and
Sadie, for San Pedro; schr Louise, for San
Francisco. , , ,
ASTORlA— Arrived May 26— Stmr Lakme. fm
Eureka; stmr Grace Dollar, hence May 23. May
25— Br ship Glenesslin. from Antwerp.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 26— Stmr Czarina,
: her.ee May 24.
Sailed May 26—1* S stmr Bear, for Alaska.
PORT BLAKELEY- Arrived May 2C— Schr
i Maria E Smith, hence May 11; BChr Fanny l»u
--tard, from Hueneme; schr C S Holmes, from
TACOMA— Arrived May-26-Ship Louis Walsh,
from Port Townsend.
Sailed May 26— Bark Theobald, for San Fran
cisco
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed May 26— Bark Fresno
for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 26— Stmr Se
quoia, hence May 23.
Sailed May 26— Stmr Newburg, for San Fran-
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Mty 26— Stmr
Alcazar, for .
EUREKA— SaiIed May 26— Stmr North Fork,
I for San Francisco: stmr Pasadena, for Sar.
Pedro; stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
URAL— Sailed May 26 — Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
COOS BAT— Sailed May 26— Schr Eliza Mil,
ler, for San Francisco.
GREEN \V< ii >l> — Arrived May 26 — Stmr
Whltesboro. hence May St.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed May 26— Stmr Su
nol, for Antioch.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed May 25— Ship Jabez
Howes, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed May 25— Ship El
well, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived May 26— Br stmr Cop
tic, hence April 2S.
LONDON— Sailed May 25— Br ship Beacon
Rock, for San Francisco.
MAURITIUS— SaiIed May 20— Br ship Helens
burg, for Newcastle, Aus, to load for San
Francisco.
SWANSEA— SaiIed May 23— Br ship Glen
breck. for San Francisco. May 24— Fr baik
Sainte Anne, for San Erancisco; Fr bark Cam
bronne, for San Francisco; Fr bark Genevleve
Mollnos, for- San Francisco.
COLON— Sailed May 24— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
CARDlFF— Arrived May 24— Br ship Belford
from Hull.
GLOUCESTER— Arrived May 24— Fr bark
Genera! Neumayer. hence Jan 6.
DUNGENESS— Passed May 24— Ger ship Ar
thur Fitger. from Antwerp, for San Francisco
DEAL— Passed May 25— Br ship Duchalburn
from London, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior May 26— Br stmr
Warrimoo, from Vancouver.
TAKU— Sailed May 22— Schr Eric, for Pueet
Sound.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
LIVERPOOL-Arrived May 26-Stmr Canada
tram Boston; stmr Btlgenland, from Phlladell
NEW YORK-Arrived. May 26-Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg, etc
BRISBANE- Arrived May 26-Arrived pre
ciously, stmr Warrimoo, from Sydney. NSW
l etc, for Vancouver. «»»»,GEN. JAMES F. SMITH
WRITES TO THE MAYOR
Review of Past and Present Con
ditions in the Islands.
Philippines a Land Rich in Natural Wealth
and Resources Natives Not to
Be Depended On.
MAYOR PHELAX is in receipt of
an interesting letter from Gen
oral James P. Smith, who is at
present in command of the
United States forces in the
Island of Xegros, P. L The letter deals
■with the conditions now existing in the
newly acquired territory and besides
being instructive is particularly inter
esting to Californlans when considered
in the light of the future intimate re
lation?, business and social, that will
prevsiil between this State and the
Phili£9ises. Following is the letter in
full: '
Headquarters, Sub-military District of
the Isle of Negros, Bacolod, P. L, April
11, 1579.
Hon. James D. Phelan, San Francisco —
Dear Friend: I must apologize to you
sincerely for failure to suitably acknowl
edge up to this time the many courtesies
and kindnesses which you have unremit
tingly extended to this regiment md to
myself. My only plea in mitigation is
that the excitement of campaigning,
changes from one station to another and
routine, and detail work involved my pri
vale correspondence in such confusion
that up to this time 1 have failed to meet
the obligation due both to friendship and
to courtesy.
I have received many letters from
friends and relatives of some of the boys
< f the regiment, asking me to secure
their discharge from the service. To
many 1 have explained that the power
to discharge those unlisted in the service
does DOC reside with me save upon ex
piration of term of enlistment. Many of
those who have commimic-aied with me
on the- subject, however, have not been
answered, as owing to my departure to
the island of Xegros 1 was compelled to
leave much of my correspondence in Mi
nila. Will you be kind enough to have it
announced that such applications must
be : .it- by the enlisted men to the Secre
tary of Wax. through military channels,
a.nd thai until a suitable force of regulars
is on the. ground ready to lake the place
of volunteers it is not likely that such
applications will receive favorable con
sideration unless the enlisted man be so
disabled as to be Unable to perform mill
tary duly.
1 have noticed that some of the papers
have expr«%sed dissatisfaction that 1 have
not ta.kt_n some steps to have the regiment
sent home. That course was not open to
me. inasmuch as every man in the regi
ment pledged his service to the Govern
ment lor two years. Of course there was
a mo: obligatiun on the Government to
dispense with the volunteers as soon as
the necessities of the case would permit,
but for my part 1 felt that the conclusion
of peace with Spain would not be an end
cf the trouble. 1 have always believed
from the very first that the conflict with
Aguinaldo and his ambitious leaders must
comt, and thai neither diplomacy, kind
treatment nor guarantees of any kind
could avert it. From 1 ■'■• time of our
arrival in Luzon on the 30th day of June
to the present hour not one act of kind
ness on the part of AguinaJdo to the army
can be shown as an earnest of his good
will toward the United States. On the
contrary, everything that could bo done
to annoy, harass and embarrass the op
era lions of the. American land forces was
done. With this state, of the case con
sULnllv before my eyes and knowing that
two independent armies could not long
claim jurisdiction over th( same territory
without a collision, I could not well put
the regiment in a. discreditable position
by asking thai it be sent home- when al
most iU. any moment active service might
begin. In that opinion 1 have always felt
1 have had the support of an overwhelm
ing majority in the regiment. I am cer
tain that when the Government has no
further use for their services they will
f>f nd the volunteers to the homes and oc
cupations to which they have been ac
customed, and no one prays more devout
ly for the speedy arrival of that hour
than l do, but the country is the best
judge of the time when our service - can
be dispensed with, and to that judgment
we must obediently submit.
Rumors have come to me from the
United States by private correspondence
and otherwise that I am being out in j
training for some political office. This, in
justice to myself. i cannot permit. I vol
unteered, as did all the others of the
regiment, from no selfish motive, and I
cannot by my conduct give justification
fur the statement, that my service has
been actuated or induced by any other
motive. At present 1 feel that I enjoy the
good will of all the citizens of my State;
not for what I have done, but by reason
of what the regiment has accomplished.
and 1 do not propose to create any other
feeling through the medium of a politi
cad campaign or to take advantage of a
sentiment which belongs to the regiment,
a_n4 not to me.
My out; ambition In life to see active
service has b*-en gratified, and 1 .shall be,
perfectly content to return when the war
[a over to the peaceful pursuits of civil
life, where I may without dispute retain
the friendship and reaped of all my fel
low citize.ns regardless of party or politi
cal affiliations.
Of the Philippine Islands much has been
said in the columns of the papers and
much In the magazine articles concern-
Ing tb«tr beauty and resources, but
they mast be seen to be ap
preciated- The soil is inexhaustibly fer
tile and produces sugar cane, coffee, to
bacco hemp, rice, the ' cacao bean from
which chocolate is made and the fiber of
the ptna and jusi cloth. In th- interior
of ail the islands is to be found great
forests of valuable woods untouched by
the hand of man. Of it 3 mines but little
Is known, save thai coal beds are a cer
tainty and of a great extent. Many ex
perts assert, however, that the coal is
what might more properly be called lig
nite-. Some gold has been found in the
beds of the rivers, and it is said that
there are rich stores of th« valuable metal
in Luzon and Mindanao. .
These tale* of rich gold deposits lack
confirmation, save in the particular that
gold is to be found, but where and in
what quantities has not been definitely
determined. With all its agricultural re
fconrces, wealth of valnable woods, stores
of ecu) and probably gold. 300 years of
Spanish rule has brought about but little
of devclopmtTU and nothing of the nat
ural progress which such resources would
seem to jusiifj-. Spain, as far as her civil
and military administration was con
cerned, appears to have confined her ef
forts to the territory in the vicinity of
the. coast line. Vast •-. •- of territory
in the interior were ]»-ft practically un
der the independent control of the' na
tive tribes and rupees who. with the ex
ception of the missionaries; seldom saw
a Spaniard, and so the development of
the interior has riot been .in proportion
to the resourres, and little development
made can be attributed wholly to the mis
sionaries.
Rice and cane fields are cultivated with
a wooden plow. Cr<-a»s axe out with a
wishbone, ha vice a. rude knifu lixed in
one of the arms. The rice is separated
from the husk by striking it in a wooden
bowl with a long stick and is winnowed
by the slight breezes that sometimes blow
in the Philippines. The sugar cane is J
crashed beneath rude rollers, trodden out !
•with the feet, boiled In funny vats and :
finally resolved Into crude brown sugar,
fine la , lily, but nnlmiUngr in appear-
There arc no eairialllji In th«» woods.
no pLanlng-xmlls to smooth xtu-. surface or
the lumber, and smooth floors and pol
fahed surfaces -'?"■ produced through the
medium of the hatchet and the exercise
of muscle. The Jukl and pina cloth are
woven with hand loom* and the produc
tion of a single drees tn«-an3 a world of
labor and an eternity of patience, Th»
hemp. or. rather, abaca, is broken out
by hand, bat the factories which make
the rope into which it develops are at
JJongkong. not In the PhlUnpfnes. The
coffee tree* are shaken and those beans
which drop are gathered; those which re
main upon lbe trees are not and are al- i
lowed to spoJL The tobacco industry is I
the most adVatnoed of all those In the |
Island* and is probably the only one In ,
which methods have reached a high slate; J
of perfection. Outside of Manila there
are no electric lights, gas lights,
or lights at all except those fur
nished by candles and coal oil.
Luzon has one steam railroad, 160
miles long. There are no other railroads.
Electricity as a motive power is unknown
and streetcars have no existence outside
, of Manila.
It seems to me, inexperienced as I am,
that the Philippines ought to be a para
dise for the capitalists who wish to in
troduce electricity, put up sugar refin
eries, build sawmills and planlng-mills,
Intro modern agricultural implements
and all kinds of machinery. The Island of
i Negro.-, on which I am at present locat
ed, is rich to a degree, and the sugar
planters live like princes of olden times,
it has progressed more than any of the
other islands in agriculture, yet there is
much to be done to bring it to even a
moderate state of progress. It has 217
rivers and streams emptying into the
ocean, few roads and no kind of transpor
tation save th.-» carabao, whose trotting
record Is about a mile a month.
The people of the Islands are not capa
ble of self-government considered as an
entirety. There are certain classes, how
ever, whom 1 think might be safely en
trusted with the reins of local self-gov
ernment. The educated class, the prop
erty-holding class and the householders
who have the responsibilities of families
and property, might, i think, be allowed
the privilege of the ballot, and under
proper protection, encouragement and ad
vice would in all probability in a very
short time establish a stable form of local
government Underlying these three
classes of inhabitants in the Islands are
the irresponsible^, who live from hand
tc mouth and who only work when com
pelled by dire necessity idlers who will
not work at all and prey on their fellows
ana the savages, who, of course, have no
responsibilities and have no desire to as
sume any. In my opinion the idlers and
Lrresponaibles ought to have no voice in
: the government at all, but they form an
i element dangerous to the peace and wel
fare of the community, being read) at all
times to fall in line with the discontented
or ambitious because they are "agin" and
ever prepared to overturn existing condi
tions. I think, however, if the Irresponsi
bles and idlers were utilized for military
purposes and to form a local can:
iary that under the. Influence oi~ discipline
and education they might in time become
i useful citizens.
The present trouble In the islands arose
through no fault of the military power
ati Manila. Everything was one to con
vince the leaders of the insurgents and
the people thai the United States intended
' nothing but what was for ih± welfare of
| those who had been oppressed so long.
i Amicable relations were encouraged in
! every way by General Otis. The insur
i gent soldiery and officers were permitted
j tree entrance into Manila at all times
I and at ail hours and were allowed to come
, and go a.s they pleased; bu: the mortal
offense has been given on the 13th of
August when the insurgent soldiery were
not permitted to enter the city and loot
it to their hearts' content. For that in
jury. th~re was no forgiveness and ex
pressions of open disapproval of the
Americana began and the Government of
the United States which had lifted the
yoke from their necks was openly claimed
to be an enemy to the people greater than
Spain. The American troops were not
j permitted to go into the country with
' out being constantly interfered with, fre
j fluently annoyed uiiJ sometimes arrested.
j Manila was virtually beleaguered by bos
tiles who only waited the word to begin
operations against the forces whose kind
ness, forbearance and leniency the un
grateful Tagalos had mistaken for cow
ardice.
L»ai]y for a month their soldiery stood
: upon the trenches, defied our sentries to
combat, calk-d them women, spat upon
; them and invited them to come over and
have their throats cut. Conferences were
held with the leaders and representatives
of the insurgents, but their demand for
absolute independence, their insistence
th*t our navy should not be further
strengthened, and that the regular troops
should not be permitted to land, coupled
I with the threat that unless these things
were promised the people could not be re
strained, and that trouble would begin,
I rendered futile all efforts to bring about
a more satisfactory condition of affairs.
I The insurgent paper, the Lndependencia,
! took the stand that the attack should be
gin at once on the Americans; that the
regulars were not coming for the pur
pose of relieving the volunteers; that the
conferences- were being had for the pur
pose of accomplishing delay, and that the
Yankees wanted to gain time for rein
forcements to arrive and so be enabled
to cope with the force about Manila.
Insurgent colonels and captains began
to warn their friends in Manila to leave
the town — that it would be certainly de
stroyed.
Arms were secretly smuggled into the
city and secret societies' for the purpose
of murdering American officers and burn
ing the town were formed in every dis
trict. The insurgent lines were advanced
until their sentries brushed elbows with
ours. Enlisted men were- seized within
our own lines and carried to Malolos.
Products were not allowed to be sent Into
the city, and about everything that could
be done was done to cause the American
forces to take the initiative and lire the
first shot. This plan which was probably
the result of deeper counsels than their
own, did not succeeed— the shot was not
fired.
Then they began to send armed men
across our lines in broad daylight, but
after threats, protests, menaces and nego
tiations would withdraw them. Finally,
on February 4, the Filipinos determined
• to force the first shot, and at night they
sent an armed party across the line of
one of the American sentries located at
Santa Mesa. The sentry called "Halt,"
the armed party halted, consulted and
then retired. In a few minutes it re
l turned. The sentry again called "Halt"
and persisted in calling "Halt" until they
had crossed his lines. They would not
I halt, and then he fired his piece. That
; was the signal the Filipinos were waiting
for. The immense string of insurgent fire
crackers, having its large end at Calocan,
| from which it stretched to Santa Mesa,
, had been ignited at the smallest diameter
: in Santa Mesa and the insurgent fire, at
j will, in a short time spread from one end
: of the insurgent line to the other. They
; rang out the volleys at Santa Mesa. The
Nebraskana had tumbled out of bed and
got to work. Next came the volley firing
at Sanpaloc and vicinity— the Colorados,
I Montana* and Dakotaa bad rushed to the
support of their threatened outposts and
pickets. Last of all the steady tire of the
i Pennsylvanians, Third Artillery, and
Kansans showed that they had buckled
1 down ■to meet .the heavy attack on the
| Calocan front. Now and then a heavy
i gun would "boom," showing by the sound
from the water or from the land whether
the execution was being done by the navy
or the Utah Battery.
• Bo was the second battle of Manila
brought about by the very people on
whom kind treatment was worse than
wasted and by whom courtesy and con
sideration were taken for timidity and
fear. The fight waged ail night on the
north side of the river, and with the break
Of day the conflict spread to Santa Ana,
Singallon and Malate. These are the
facts as 1 understand them concerning
! the commencement of the struggle be
tween the Americans and Filipinos. God
knows an American was compelled to en
dure almost everything rather than do
anything which might bo ground for com
plaint or bring about a rupture of peace
ful relations, yet I am sorry to say emi
nent and able men of my own nation have
seen fit in the halls of Congress and from
the rostrum and pulpit, to denounce the
action of the American soldiery at Ma
nila and to assert that the conflict was
, initiated to force the treaty in the inter
est of annexation and imperialism. The
truth is the insurgents had determined to
crush us before the regular regiments ar
rived and the Americans had the choice
of being crushed or fighting. They were
i not crushed.'
Truly this letter is already too long, so
: I will bring it to a close by renewing: my
' thanks to you for all you have done for
the California- boys, and remaining, as
I ever, yours sincerely, .
JAMES F. SMITH.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1899.
REPRESENTS DEWEY'S
FLEET AT ANNAPOLIS
AHX SOLDJVULN, ihe Ycung .Native Son
wfyo H as Received an Appointment
to t^e 13 S. .Naval Jlcademy.
MAX GOLDMAN, an apprentice on the Concord, and a native of this city,
has been appointed to a cadet ship at Annapolis and is ordered to re
port at the academy on September 1 for examination. The fortunate
young Californian has been detached from the Asiatic squadron and
is expected home on the transport Solace.
His appointment is due to the efforts of Congressman Julius Kahn, who
was anxious that a representative from Dewey's victorious fleet be given
an opportunity to rise above the ranks. The choice fell on Max Goldman, and
througH the intervention of Secretary of the Navy Long the native son was
th€ appointment. Goldman and Osborn W. Dignan, the boatswain who
steered the Merrimac \inder the direction of lieutenant Hobson, will enter
the Naval Academy at the same time, the former representing Admiral
Dewey's fleet and tho latter Admiral Sampson's.
Goldman was born at the Potrero and received his education in the Irv
ing M. Scott School. Ho always had a longing for tho sea. and when but
16 years of age he enlisted as an apprentice on the receiving ship Indepen
dence. He was shortly afterward transferred to the Concord, which was
ordered to the Asiatic station. Young Goldman served on the deck of the
Concord with distinction during the battle of Manila Bay, and for his gal
lantry and bravery he was mentioned in general orders and promoted to the
position "f a gunner's male's apprentice.
Having always had an ambition t« go to Annapolis, young Goldman has
pursued his studies aboard ship with unerasing vigor. He has had kind tutors
to direct his studies, and as a result he [g even now ready to undergo the cru
cial test Immediately on his arrival in this city he will be discharged and
will go directly to Annapolis and enter Professor Wilmer's preparatory
school for further instruction.
The friends and neighbors of the Ooldmans, who reside at 1200 Kentucky
street, are greatly interested in the welfare of the young mariner and are do
intr everything in their power to advance his interests. Though but 18 years <>f
age, Goldman is six foot in height and is a splendid specimen of California
manhood. The officers and men on the Concord, and, in fact, in the whole
proud "f him and are. watching his future with deep concern.
WITNESSES SAY
THE CREMATORY
IS NO NUISANCE
More Testimony in the
Garbage Case.
Further testimony was taken by Judg;e
Heacock yesterday in the case of the San
itary Reduction Works of Ban Francisco
vs. the California Reduction Works for an
injunction to restrain the respondents
from collecting sarbajje In the county of
Sun Francisco and removing the same.
,ii;dt;<» Hoacock has been engaged for sev
eral weeks in inkinK testimony of wit
nesses as to the Potrero crematory being
a nuisance anil as to tho validity of its
contract with tho city, and several wit
nessea have testified to sickness and death
iii their families caused by the odors and
gases escaping from the chimney of the
crematory whenever lhe wind blew their
way.
Yesterday several witnesses worp ex
amlned to "show that the chimney did not
emit riny unhealthful gases. John Center,
capitalist, swore that he had not been
fible to detect any odor in his neighbor
hood. Thomas Price, chemist, said that
lie had made an examination of thi cre
matory and that hf had found* the com
bustion complete and no bad gases escap
ing. On cross-examination he admitted
that wh*n thf fire was not v. ry hot and
the garbage was smoldering gasos mipht
escape from the chimney, and while they
mi^ht be offensive they would not be poi
sonous.
Dr. Williamson gave hi? opinion that
the crematory was not a menace to pub
lic health.
Is. R. Ellert, president of the company,
swore that he had not beon able to find
a smoke consumer that would consume
"that kind of smokp."
Th<- examination will be resumed at 10
o'clock this morning.
After the taking of testimony shall have
I ALFRED DEAN'S WOUNDS !
I PROVED TO BE FATAL }
• •
# Result of a Bicycling j^^j^^i •
o Accident in the M^ •
T * LFRED DEAN, the young bl- w|j ?^M
T cyclist who injured in Gold- ■£> i J^|[l^l O
cyclist who was injured in Gold- ike f^
I Al en Gate Park last Thursday l-i'^** fi&SiM'lW '
Q asm evening by colliding with the ill^V gS^Hlf 1 •
I bicycle of A. L. Rlley of 1120 wffi*'* 7 ' X|^2BBl
0' Fell street, died of his wounds yester- Afiwrl/iiL*f^ Mllllrn*
I day morning. Dean was descending JbWTSb*^ Ma fIJ)
9 the hill west of the speed track when JBm' r '^^ri\^mm^ 111 ' I 111 ' O
i he .■•:).:. -1 with Riley. who was l iJJW/ /
© ascending the slope. Both men wero id£sBnWt&? 'Jtimw'j/.' 'I '■'' *
I thrown from their wheels, and Dean ViK«Svit^K '■'} I / * '• 'I' m
• was rendered unconscious by reason ;VwJtuM^ / fWiiulfltti
| of a fractured skull. Riley was not "^Sk« v\ ///m/flf/{//T^. '
9 much Injured. ''"^SfSs^h i '''/',/ ®
I Coroner Hill will hold an inquest- ;^M(W' ' i ■& ) |,
a thin afternoon at 1 o'clock at the resi- V^ 1 1/ \ r. . ' 0
y dence of the deceased, 2008 .Larkin |
0 street. '-. ..:;^:^ - t ' '._... &
•-•-•-•-•-#-• -•-<>-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-♦-•-•-•
boor, completed tho transcript will be '
. In tne hands of United States Cir- j
cull Judge Morrow for the purposes of i
the trial, which has been set for next t
\\ • ■!• ■• sday.
Yesterday Judge Morrow required the'
Sanitary Reduction Works to give a bond
ir the sum 0rn.7,500 ti> cover all damages i
which may have oeen heretofore suf
fered by the respondents, the California
Reduction Works, "or which may during '
the continuance of this provisional in
-1 unction be Buffered by said respondents
In case the said complainant should be ad- ;
judged to be not entitled to said injunc- >
tion.''
A LUCKY MAN!!!
C. O. dohanson. an Emp'oye on Board the
SP. Co. 's Freight Boat **Transit,"
Drew $400 on a Ten-Cent Ticket.
Ran Francisco, May 19, 1599— 1 hereby certify
that 1 was the holder of ticket No. 32.452 in
Henry B. Cahn & Co.'s Little Honduras Lot
tery, for which I paid ten cents, and that on
the drawing of May 13, 18«t. my ticket drew
$400. This amount was promptly paid tv me
in full on presentation of the winning ticket to
Henry S. Calm & Co. C. O. JOHANSON,
Freight Boat Transit. •
Jury Could Not Agree.
The jury in the case of Anders vs. the
California Powder Works, which has been
on trial before Judge Daingerfleld, was
dismissed at 9 o'clock last night. After
being out from 10 o'clock In the morning
the jury reported that it could not agree.
Original Little Bencficcncia Publica Co*
of San Francisco, Cal. Drawing
May 25, 1899.
No. 44525 wins $.1750 00, sold In San Francisco
Gal.; No. 51830 wins $12."-0 00. sold In Virginia
City, Nev. ; No. 47SK8 wins $625 00. Void in San
Francisco, Calif. ; No*. 27432, 51154, 63022, 84670
and 79823 each wins $62 50, boM in San Fran
cisco, Calif., and Hpnicia, Calif.
Fell Down the Elevator.
Henry Fixspn. aped 40 years, fell down
the grain elevator in the Jackson brewery
yesterday, a distance of about X feet, and
sustained a compound fracture of the left
thiph. The injured member was dressed
at the Receiving Hospital.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from nn-an.
Labor Council's Affairs.
At a meeting of the San Francisco La
bor Council held last evening tho boycott
on Siebe & Green, bill posters, was offi
cially declared off. The Sailors' Union re
ported that seamen's matters were about
the same as at the last meeting. They
also called attention to the fact that sail
ors from a British ship had deserted in
the harbor last week and requested that
they be treated as. immigrants in accord
ance with a recent decision of the Immi
gration Commissioner. _
A joint committee of the Labor Coun
cil and Brewery Men's Union reported
that matters were in a fair way toward
unionizing all brewery employes of the
city. It was also stated that the San
Francisco Bridge Company of Alameda
was employing non-union men and re
quiring them to work a time exceeding
eight hours.
CHILDREN ON THE STAGE.
Warrants Out for the Arrest of the
Managers of Three Different
Places of Amusement.
The California Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children has again
started a crusade against children being
permitted to perform on a stage.
Yesterday warrants were obtained in
Judge Mogan's court for the arrest of Dr.
Fred A. Grazer and Mrs. Ernestine Krel
ing of the Tivoli for permitting the boy,
Arnold Grazer, and the little girl, Hazel
Callahan, to perform on the stage. In
Judge Graham's court a warrant was ob
tained for the arrest of Walter Morosco
in regard to little Mattie Southwell and
against Edward P. Levy of the Chutes and
Mrs. Afldie Sorenson in regard to little
Maud Sorenson. Acting Police Judge
Groezinger issued warrants for the arrest
of John Morrissey of the Orpheum and
Mrs. Lund for permitting little Pearl
Lund to perform.
Kennedy Was Romancing.
Detectives Byan and ODea, who were
detailed en the case of an alleged rob
bery committed in a saloon on the south
east corner of Howard and Fremont
streets, reported yesterday that no such
crime had been committed in the place
named.
The charge was made by Michael Ken
nedy, a machinist, residing at 426 Sixth
street, who stated that he had been held
up in the presence of the bartender in the
place about 11 o'clock Wednesday even
ing and relieved of coin and valuables.
The officers found that Kennedy had been
romancing, as the saloon in question
closes its doors at 8 o'clock. The machin
ist was undoubtedly robbed, but not in
this particular saloon.
The Power of Storm.
The Cayman Islands In the West Indies were
nearly overwhelmed by the recent storm. Even
apparently secure things are not safe. Even
If you have health be on your guard. Dis
ease works stealthily — it undermines and trou
ble occurs where it Is least expected. An oc
casional dose of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters
will keep the bowels regular, the stomach sweet
and disease at bay. If you have indigestion
and constipation try it. It cures.
XjBEECHAM'SI
J 1 * PILLS !
+ Have for many years been the popular fam- +
+ ily medicine wherever the English language +
+ is spoken, and they now stand without a +
+ rival for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, 4
+ Wind, Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, +
+ Fulness after meals, Dizziness, Drowsiness, 4"
+ Costiveness and Sallow Complexion. These +
+ afflictions all arise from a disordered or 4
+ abused condition of the stomach and liver. +
41 Becoham'B Pills, taken as directed, will +•
4> quickly restore Females to complete health. +
+ They promptly remove any obstruction or +
: •>> irregularity of" the system. +
* 10 cents and 23 cents, at alt drug stores. *
000000000000000000
t*!" 1 PALACE '■"■!' l
°GRANDmiMiM°
j? SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered passageway. **
O 1400 Boom— w: h Bath Attached. O
O All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE TEC PRICES: O
0 European Plan. sl.oo per d«y and upward O
f^ American P'.an.fS.OO per dayjand upward A
v Correspondence Solicited. , ..'.■.•/•.**■
O : JOHN 0. KIRKPATRIOK, Kutgif. O
000000000000000 00 0
1 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A Cp 1051MA2BTST.let.6±ft7Ui,S.r.fcl. i
1 T Tf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
t ' «««S"""»^ World. We»ltnesses or any contracted A
™ &C £v 9 '■ rl r po"tHi»cly cured :iy th- oldest T
0 lE* 53 1 Specialist on the CoJit. libt. 36 ye:.r-- O
SQ%OI DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
. lljml Consultation frre and <tn tly private. \
I JLiifi£ If Tieiiment personally or by letter. A A
fl H' 'Si H fosittve Cure In every case undertaken. T
AW I lA Write for Boole. PniLO»UI-BYaC A
II 1^ HAltlllAGi:, MAILED free, [a*
A t» ll' valuable book for mm) . \
f I>U. JORDAN ACO.IOoI Market St.. S. F. ¥
/^%l. J^r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Jlh&&9M. KEAR.W NT- Kstabllshed
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 HEABNY NT. Established
In 1H54 for the treatment of Private
HI pffciWff I Mseuaes, Lost Manhood. Debility or
JMKjJwtfKtabrilspaso wearing on bodyandnilndamj
■4SB TftStSWa Skin Diseases, rhedociorcureswhon
JB gUWSiBi others fall. Try him. Charges low
i^92S3s3£iSl fare* sunrnnt <■•■<]. Callorwrlto.
3>r. J. JP. •.IflltON, Box 1907. Francisco
OCEAN TBA\EL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Steamers leave Broadway
wharf. San Francisco:
IC&JPfcfc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m. ,
; HPrSSsfci Ma > 21. 26, 31: June 5: cnani ?
BSs>siiffifl Sal F or Victoria. Vancouver CB.
■HCs^S&i C •>• Port TtiTn?i>nd, Seattle.
r^"^^BE«\ Tacoma. Everett, Anaonrtesi
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. May 21. 26. SI: June
S. and every fifth day thereafter: change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ••'■•
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. May
19, 24, 29; June 3. and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. M-onterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Oavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro 'Los Angles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 20. 24, 28: June 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping : only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anseles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m..' May IS. 2*. 26. 30: June S. and every fourth
day thereafter. . . .5 ,
For Knaenada. MR<rc:alpr>R Ray. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Pas.. Fsinta Rosalia
and GuaymaS (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. ' . .-
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the rleht to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing- dates
and hour* of Falling. -
TICKET OFTIOa —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). -.: :t. • V
GOODALL. PFRTCINS * CO.. Gen. AKts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARE * 12 llrst Class including Berths
milL $8 Second Clns* . and Meals.
Columbia Fails May 23.
State of California sails May 18. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
6SO Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
•' . Superintendent.
The S- S. Australia
sails for Honolulu
W jkl"*i''E a * ill *' Wednesday, May 31.
Ifl»!a at 2 r m.
fMMfl|mn«a The - a S. Australia
TSiIBMaC sails for Honolulu
r^™ I"*'1 "*' Wednesday. May 31.
(& I S^ L'^\ "■ Alameda sails
iSIP/lUKninc.* vla Honolulu and
JK53»Q;IUllllJ!ll[/ Auckland for Sydney
XsS^^ /ofnC\pjnJU. Wednesday. June 14,
VyilipUKcp at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Sue*.
England, etc. ; $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS, _y2(t
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. frt~f>
■from Pier 42, North River, foot of ™* " '*""•
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE, June 3; LA CHAM-
PAGNE, June 10: LA BRETAGNE. June 17;
LA TOURAINE, June 24; LA GASCOGNE, July
1. First-class to Havre. $65 and upward, 6 per
cent -reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery aye., San Francisco. -..-. . : .
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
"absoi^
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of . /^Lw^^
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE lrADTrtfcl FOR HEADACHE. SEE
3EC CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. LC
rcuiTTNC UITTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. r ™ ITIV r C
GENUINE UivER for -torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR _H__Ji "" FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRIPPFR
WKAITtK )gjmm_j FOR THE COMPLEXION >VKA^ LK
25 Cents Paroly VegetaWe./^a^^^S
"FR,I3STTE3D O3ST RED PAPER."
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIV
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. .
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York May 31 New York June 21
St. Paul June 7 St. Paul June 28
St. Louis June 14 St. Louis July 5
RED (STAR LINE.
V(W YoH< n'l ■Sntvrertv
From New York Every .Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington .....May 31 1 South June 21
Noordland June 7 I Westernland ...June 28
Frlesland .-.June 14 1 Kensington July 5
EMPIRe LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson Citr.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery Bt., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILli LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. . No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU ....Tuesday, June 27
AMERICA MARU Saturday, July 22
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market *t., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW PARIS— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc. apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG * CO., Gen. Agents Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome, and
118 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. .T. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 ; p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at C p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND. IMP. CO.
Telephone Main SO5.
FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues:, Wed, Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
' : I_iEiSSHiEj-. -
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30
and 11:30 p. m. ■ . . : : :'
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
B AN RAFAEL TO SA_N FRANCISCO. •
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. id. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 8:40. 6:05,
6:25 p. m.
! Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
came schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. April IS, . —
Week Sun- 1&99. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 6:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1.30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma, 6:05 pm 10: am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
T:SO am ' Windsor, ' 10:25 am
Healdt-burg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and j 10:25 am
8:80 pin 8:00 am Ukiah. I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:30 pm 5:00 pm[ I 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga
Springs; at.Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop- '
land for Duncan Bprings, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs,- Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. |
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Booneville, Philo. Christine. Soda Springs,
Navarro. Whitesboro. Albion, Little River,
Orr"s Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Willitts. . Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. "
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point!
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
H C. WHITING. . . R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SsoMllte Parry.
Commencing April 23, 1899. ' ; • :
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1:45. 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, '9:00. *10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m. ; 1:00. »1:45, •2:30, '4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Vai'y Sundays.
I Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN ' FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:40, 7:55. 8:40, '10:20
a. m.; 12.30, 2:13. »3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00, »9:45. 'lO^o, »11:45
a. m.. 1:00, 2:20. *3:30. •5:15, »6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. ■
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50. 7:55. 8:55. 10:35
a. m.; 12:35, 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. 'm.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays i
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m. : 12:05,
1:20. 2:40. 3:55, 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m. "
THROUGH TRAINS. - .
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns. ,
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazaderd and way sta'ns. '
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)— j
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sunday?— Cazadero and way sta'ns. I
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns. i
. . |
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY j
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
■ and 4 p. m.
On May 30 Trains Run on Sunday Time. ) '...
' Fare. 6. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
' TIIOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. .621 Market st.
; , IUTT.TIOAP TRAVEL,
WCTHCBI PACIFIC CVIirAITT.
. (PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
CTrMlna Mare nntl are tine to nrrlva a*
SAN FJtASiI'IKCW. -■_,:
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.
leave — . From May 7, 1899. — arriv*
7:OOa. Benida. Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 5:45
TiOOa Marysville, Ororiiloand IteddiugYik
Woodland 5:45p
7:OOa Elmira, Vacaville and Rumsoy 8:43*
7:30 a Martinez, Han Uamou, Vallejo, N»pa,
Calistoga and Santa Ko.« Oil
SiOOa A tlautic Uxprt'Bs, OgiUii and l':«at.. 8:1-1 p
HiIIOa S»n .(('mo, Livermoru, Stockton, •"'.
lone, .Saerainento, Flacerrille,
MnrysTillo, Chico, BeiUllnlT 4:1.-»p
8: BO a "Milton, Oakdaloand Monora 4:15p
9:00 a Hayvrards. Niles and W.iy Stations. 11i43a
9:0Oa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced anil Fresno 12:13*
mkioa Fresno, liakerslield, Santa lUii-irn.
Los Arjgeloß, Demiup, El Paso,
New Orleans and Bast O:4."Vr
I O:OO\ VftUejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7: l."5»
11:OOa Haywards, Kilcs and Way Stations. 2<43r
I2:OO» Niles, Livermore, .Stockton, Wacra-
. •■- . mento. Mendota, llauford, Viaaiii. ".v-
-, Pcrterville 4:I5»
•ls<M»p Sacramento HiTerSteiimerß »8:« Op
8:OOp Haywardii, Niles anil Way Stations. 3:43p
*:O«i> Martinez, Han Bamoii, Vallejo,
Napa, iatoga, Santa 1:obh » : 1 3 »
4:OOi- Bcnicla, Vaoaville, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Lauding, .
Marysville, Oroville 10:43*
4i3OpNlies, San Josoaud Stockton 7:15r
«:30p Yosemito Sleeping Car for Raymond J2:lsi>
O:OOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:15?
B:OOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave i id .01 Angeles 8:43 a
AiOOp Sautn Fi) Itonte. A Hunt la Kxpress
1 for MojuTo ami Itafc O:43»
C:OOp The Owl. Fresno, Bakerstield. San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 8:43 a.
6:00r European Mail. Ogilun aud Kast 9:154
8:00p Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7: 13a
•6:00 - Vallejo 1 2t 1 3V
THMrOrecou Kx|>ress,Baer*meuto, Marys-
ville, lli-Miiiif, I'orMand, l'nget
•Sound him! liast 7:43*
i*:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bta-
tiona \%OiHOr
COAST DIVISION (NnrroiT «unge).
(Foot of Market Street.) • J _
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JBt©B»
8:1 Neivark.Centerville, San .lose, Felton,
BonlderCreek.SantaOruzandWay ■ ' • ■
Stations Bi3C»
*2il3p Newark. Centerrille, San Jose, Now V) • ••
Almaden, Felton, lioulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations " 10:304
4:13p Sun Jose, Glonwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20 a
M:lsp Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tious /»:2OA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSAli FRANCISCO— foot or Market Sirett (Slip 8)—
•7:15 f.-OO H:OOa.M. 11:00 *2:00 S3:00
M:00 . 18:00 •6:00 p.m. • -
rrtmOilUND— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
t!2:00 '1:00 12:00 «3:00 I<:C3 "5:03 P.M.
COAST DIVISION (Rroad Gauge).
(Third and Townaend St 9.)
•6: 1 Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. ' *6:30»
•7:«Oa San Jose nnd Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1 :»•»
, J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
SanU Cruz, Puclna GroT9 and
■■ Principal Way Stations J9:33j
• iOOa Han Jono, Trcs Phios, Hunta Cruz,
Padlio Orore, Paso Itciblea, San _ . r
. . Luis ( >liiH|Mi. Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principul Way Stations 4:10?
1O:4Oa San .lusu nnd Way Stations «B:<>Oa
I 1:3Oa Sou Joso aud Way Stations 5:II0»
*il:4sr Sail Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara, «-ii .lose,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa ('ruz, . .
Salinas, Monterey aud Paciflo
Grove *!O:3(lA
•SiSOp San Jose and Way Stations *9:OOa
*4:13p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9: 15*
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
3:3Oi> Sau.Toao and Principal Way Statlous *8:3.1 a
6:30 - San Jose ami WayHkations 7:30p
j ♦ 11:45p San Jobs and Way Stations " 7:! top
A for Morning V for Afternoon.
i • Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. ♦ Saturday only.
{(Saturday and Sunday /Sunday and Monday.
California
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, "BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKETIFfiCE— 528 MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. .'..
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara St.
A Superb Train
4#Tfffk EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
wP-Unioii Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING. AND. LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP. v-'.h'V:
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS. '
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS. '
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3% DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily at 6 p. m.
: D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent. ~
Ho. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco. ' ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIH
- VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2s, 1599. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. -■ North-bound.
Pas Be- Mixed. Mixed. Passes-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd -' • Exo'ptd Dally..
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton- 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
1:10 am 2:05 pm ; Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm '■
10:40 am 5:35 pm, Fresno 9:30 an 2:42 pm
11:3$ am 7:45 pm Hanford. 7:45 am 1:43 pra •
t:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm*
12:15 pm 6:63 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 prn
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 3SI Mark*!
street. Ban Francisco.
& | Co.^ggV '
% f|
V2SS/33U MARKET ST.S.F.^§bS*
910
LAMOND SAYS
HE PAID THEIR
WEDDING BILLS
Fitchburg Has a Mild
Sensation.
HISTORY OF A BOARD BILL
DISCOVERY THAT NEARLY LED
TO A WIFE'S SUICIDE.
John and Eliza Dobson Got Judgment
Against Lamond, but Now Jle
Sues for Money That Paid
the Minister.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 26.
The suit of Malcomb Lamond against
John and Eliza A. Dobson and K. E.
Hewett, wherein the former a.sks for an!
mting, and the trkil of which was
commenced before Judge ogden to-day.
tied an exceedingly Bplcy story of
.uptial financial embarrassment on
tn of the otherwise erstwhile hap-;
py groom and the attempted suicide of a I
• mporarily unhappy.
Malcomb Lamond was a gardener at
Mountain View Cemetery, bo the story
s related piecemeal in couri to-day,
on very friendly renns with
John Dobson and Eliza Ward, who had
plighted their troth. In August. 1595,
John and Kliza were married and settled
in a pretty, cozy cottage at Fitchburg,
for us abundant supply of artesian
re their marriage. Lamond alleged
In his complaint, he had. through the
hip, advanced to the happy couple
the sum of S2lo with which to purchase
jary household furniture, pay
the minister's fee, and the clothing the
uad groom wore on the occasion of
the wedding. From time to time after
the marriage he advanced more money In
various amounts aggregating $100, and he
i itified the landscape garden
Dobson home in his spare mo
-. planting trees and shrubbery and
■ - at ;•■ cost of another $I'X>.
mI been understood and agreed be
tween the trio that the married couple
ay all when they were able,
ami relying upon his friendship for them
promise to pay, no note passed
■ ii them..
But the advent of plaintiff's brother.
Lamond, proved the unhappy be
all misunderstandings. In May ;
ter and his wife, who was 111,
cam< to the Dobson dwelling for recuper-
Malcomb had agreed with the
Dobsons that his brother and sister-in
law tarry at Fitchburg for three months '
Peter and his host and hostess
quarreled and he left, paying them noth
ons then sued Malcomb
da brother for $130 in Justice l.aw
s court, and although, as Malcomb
testified to ed he had con
d the Dobsons that they owed him
them nothing, and
gb Dobson promised most certainly
to dismiss the action, they Becured judg- ;
by default.
The bonds of friendship being thus b< v
cred so rudely Malcomb determined to
de the fact that he had paid for
Dobßon's wedding and all, so he sued for.
an accounting.
While Lamond was being cross-exam
ined by Attorney Hewett, for the defense,
he appeared Blightaly puzzled over the
: a trivial question and looked
ttorney, Mr. Lukins. Hewett
Btion and shouted at wit- ,
'You needn't look at your attorney.
for he can't inform yon what to say." At- :
. Lukins vigorously objected to this,
j lectured Hew
pectful remark.
Mrs. Dixon, a neighbor of the Dobsons, I
■was next called and disclosed more of the
unhappy family skeleton. She testified ,
that she bad been asked once by Mrs.
go to Lamond and ask him for
ifter which they were to be as good \
friends as ever. On another occasion wit
• Mrs. Dobson' s and found
her lying on a table with a bottle of car
bolic add by her Bide. Mrs. Dobson had
told witness she fell bad because her bus- :
had Informed her he would no
: live with her unless she should !
dismiss the suit against the Lamonds, be
i (the Dobsons) owed Malcomb,,
; b< owing them, and that ,
there was hardly a thing about the Dob- !
that did not belong to Malcomb j
Lamond.
The trial was noi concluded to-day, and
further Interesting details are looked for
When the hearing is resumed.
DOORS OF THEIR HOME
CLOSED AGAINST THEM
THE LATE WM. PATTON'S SONS
ARE BARRED OUT.
Struggle for Possession of the Dead
Architect's Property Begun on
the Day of His Burial.
ALAMEDA, May 26.— Hardly had the re
mains of the late William Patton, the
pioneer architect, been placed In the grave
his estate became a matter of dis
pute between his housekeeper, Mrs. Fan
nie Ammerman, and his sons. Clarence
and \V;lliam Patton. The boys are barred
from the family residence on Central ave
nue and the housekeeper holds the fort.
The dead architect left an estate rough
worth about $.SO,OOO.
By the terms of bis last will, which
- Senator E. K. Taylor and David
Barry as executors, two-thirds of the
property is bequeathed to the boys and
provision is made for a monthly allowance
for Mrs. Ammerman.
For some time prior t<> Patton's death
h« ;md his sons were estranged. Neither
lived at Th" family residence. They
blamed the housekeeper lor their trou
bles ;iii(l charged that she was consplr
iiiK to get possession uf tlwir lather's
prop< rty after his death.
Yesterday after the Interment at Moun
tain View Cemetery the suns hastened
to Alameda to tak>' possession of the fam
ily residence. .Mrs. Ammerman was there
ahead of them and with the aid of a
Deputj Constable and the assistance "f
the executors of the estate the suns were
k< jit on the outside. They appealed to
the police and Bergeant Kami> went with
and demanded that they be ad
mitted. Those who held the fort only
laughed at the offtv. r.
The boys without stopping to make in
quiries at once jumped at the conclusion
that the housekeeper had triumphed In
her alleged designs on their father's es
tate, and sought Attorney Thomas Grar
rity of Oakland to protect their interests.
SUPERVISORS ARE
ASKED TO ACT
OAKLAND, May 86.— "Resolved, That the Epworth League Alliance of
Alameda County, in convention assembled, heartily indorse and thank the
Supervisor! of the city and county of San Francisco toi tin ir sea] and
Buccesfl in putting down the Ingleside racetrack, and inasmuch :is tlie
gambling mania created and fost<*ic-d at Emeryville is one of the most demor
alising in its effects, we earnestly plead that our county officials take such
action as shall completely remove the evil.
"Resolved, That until such time at; we are able to wholly extirpate the
saloon we are heartily in favor of all ordinances that prohibit side en
trances, that require the removal of screens and forbid the use of rooms that
are locked in connection with the saloon. And we also our hearty in
dorsement to the work of the Anti-Saloon League, which looks to the com
plete overthrow of the saloon."
The above resolutions were passed at the convention of the Epworth
Leaguers last night.
Executor Taylor assured the attorney
that the boys were well provided for in
the father's will, and that if they would
be patient for a few days everything
would terminate satisfactorily.
As has been stated, the sons and the
father have not been on good terms for
a long time. William, the oldest son. went
away from Alameda a long time ago, but
returned when he heard of his father's
illness. A reconciliation was effected the
day before the elder Patton's death. He
assured his son at the time that he had
made ample provisions for him in his will.
Clarence Patton was ordered from his
father's house about two months ago
after he and the housekeeper had had a
dispute. His father agreed to provide him
with food, but forbade him crossing the
threshold of his home. During his term
of banishment he received his meals on
the back porch of his father's house. He
was told that they would be placed there
for him at 9 o'clock every morning and at
3 o'clock every afternoon.
William Patton made many wills, all
of which are in existence. The last one,
made shortly before his death, and which
is most favorable to the sons, omits to
revoke the former testaments and it is
feared that the oversight will bad to se
rious complications in settling up the es
tate.
ENGINEER AGAIN RESIGNS.
More Trouble at the Alameda Electric
Light Works.
ALAMEDA, May 26.— Engineer Messer
of the city electric light plant again re
signed his position to-day. Some weeks
ago, when the City Trustees changed the
rules of the works and so arranged mat
ters that the engineer was forced to work
from twelve to fourteen hours a day, Mes
ser notified them to choose his successor.
The matter was patched up by having
one of the linemen assist the engineer.
Things ran along with comparative
Bmootbness until last night, when Trus
tees Mackie and Schulte of the Electric
Light Committee held a secret conference
lasting until nearly midnight. It resulted
In the order being made that Messer
would have to take care of his engine and
dynamo without assistance. He forth
with resigned. It is stated that there was
a heated discussion at the conference be
iw en the Trustees and Electrician Weise,
and that the bond of official friendship
existing between Schulte and Mackie is
somewhat strained as a result. These
statements were said to have been given
out by the electrician, but he refused
to either deny or affirm them when Inter
viewed by a reporter.
BRAKE BROKE ON
A STEEP INCLINE
NEED OF TWO MEN CLEARLY
DEMONSTRATED.
Accident on Eleventh Avenue to an
Electric Car — Passengers Nar
rowly Escaped.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, May 26.
The breaking of a stout lever this after
noon caused a serious accident on the
Eleventh avenue electric branch road. No
was hurt, but the car was disabled.
But for the presence of the boy who at
tends to the rear end of the cars on this
branch line, there would probably have
been a fatality.
The cars on this branch were for a long
while operated by one man, until an or
dinance passed by the City Council made
it imperative to employ two people on
each car. This afternoon Motorman
Sharp was applying the brake on a steep
grade when the lever snapped right in
two. The iron is fully half an inch thick,
yet it broke with no apparent effort. The
ear at once proceeded to fly down the hill
unrestrained, while the four passengers
wondered how soon they might be thrown
off the track and perhaps killed. The boy
in the rear jumped t" the rear brake and
the motorman quickly reversed his cur
rent, but neither seemed to have much
effect until the car struck the curve at
Twenty-fourth street, when with a si
v. re Jar it was brought to a standstill.
The passengers received nothing more se
vere than a shaking.
ANOTHER SUCCESS BY
THE KNEISEL QUARTET
Partly owing to the excellent impres
sion made during its last appearance here
; and partly owing to the enterprising man
agement of Harry H. Campbell, the Knel
sel Quartet had the pleasure to play to a
', crowded house last evening at Sherman
& Clay Hall. The mere fact that every
i member is a soloist of vast experience
and ability would not suffice to obtain
, such peremptory and effective ensemble
I work. It necessitates a tin.- adjustment
sense of four temperaments to gain
results of such delicacy and distinction.
Particularly impressive was Schu
mann's quartet in F major op. 41, No. 2,
; in which the allegro vivace and scherzo
movements were brought into prominence
; because of the exceedingly dainty and vi
vacious nature <if the quartet's execution.
j Not less Inspiring was the menuetto of
Mozart's D minor quartet and the Largo
'in Smetana's E minor. The latter was
i particularly majestic and rendered with
a breadth and dignity that moved the
audience to enthusiasm.
Altogether the success of the. quartet
was unparalleled in the history of cham
: ber music in San Francisco. "The excel
! lent acoustics of the hall contribute! a
large share toward making the softest
pianissimo and pizzicato easily audible.
! Whoever misses the opportunity to hear
: the Kneisel Quartet will have lost one of
the greatest exhibitions of ensemble work
ever heard. There is but one perfect
: string quartet in America, and that is the
i one of Kneisel.
There is one more concert this after
q, and this is its programme:
H ( v'ln— Quartet in G major: allegro con
BpiritO, adagio Fustenuto, menuetto (presto),
finale (allegro ma yon troppo)
Beethoven— Quartet in E flat major, op. 74;
poco adagio (allegro), adagio ma yon troppo,
i>i>;-t(i (allegretto con varlazioni).
S'-huhert— Quartet in D minor, op. posthum;
alli-yro, andante con molto, scherzo (allegro
i molto), presto.
TENNIS TOURNAMENT.
Interesting Contests to Be Held on
Decoration Day.
The Alameda Tennis Club will hold a
tournament for the singles championship
Of Alameda County on its courts .May
| 30, Memorial day. The Alameda Club \rjis
i two courts situated on Encinal avenue,
near Morton-street station, narrow
gauge. Alameda. This tournament will be
the first of its kind held in many years,
and Bpecial Banctlon has been obtained
from the Pacific States Lawn Tennis As
sociation. Piay will commence promptly
a 1 9:30 a. m., and continue throughout the
day. Any player not ready when his
match is called will be defaulted. Special
arrangements have been made for the
! accommodation of visitors.
The entries include the best of the
younger players across the bay, and a
hotly contested tournament Is expected.
The Hardys have decided not to enter,
and this will leave the result in doubt.'
Prom present indications it seems that
! Nicholson or Murdock will be the win
: ncr, but there are a number of other play
i ers capable of giving them a hard rub.
if time is allowed, Nicholson and Mur
; dock will play an exhibition doubles
match with some other team yet to be
Belected.
The story of lunston of Manila
and his very adventurous life will
be told in next Sunday's Call.
THE SA]S FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1899.
HONORS FOR
GRADUATES OF
MANY SCHOOLS
High School List Is
Nearly Completed.
CLOSING OF ST. JOSEPH'S
SACRED HEART CONVENT ISSUES
DIPLOMAS.
In Nearly All the Interior School
Districts of the County Pupils
Are Recommended for
Graduation.
OAKLAND, May 26.— The commence
ment exercises at Sacred Heart Convent
were held this afternoon. The graduates
and their essays were as follows:
"Juvenile Literature and the Formation
of Character." Miss Edna M. Corrigan,
Red Bluff, Cal.
"Aspiration Is Inspiration," Miss Eliza
beth M. Johnson, Tacoma, Wash.
"Influence of War on Literature," Miss
Lillian E. Kane, Oakland. Cal.
"Intellectual Opportunities of the Cen
tury," Miss May T. Tormey, Rodeo, Cal.
The following are the graduates from
the different county school districts:
Laurel District— Edith Gamble, Alice
Thorndike, M. West wood, A. Campbell, A.
I Lawrence. Lawrence Everett, Mary Web
j ster, Minnie Green, Lillian Bennett, Carl
1 Sorenson, J. H. Ohermuller, E. Bridge,
Margaret Gray, Treo Thorndike, Ann
Mosgard, "Willie Booth. E. Champney, Es
telle Ix)rquln and Leslie Allen.
San Lorenzo— J. D. Prarie, A. K. Mar
lin. Annette Perry, Amia Tucker. Francis
Perry, C. E. Jaco'bsen, Maggie Ferry, Al
ma Hansen.
Washington— Leland Cutler.
Centerville— Elma Salz, L. C. Mattos, E.
M. Sandholdt.
Nile?— Fred Dossel. Montie Scott, Pierce
May hew, George Nunes, Ed Johnson, Ber
tha" Johnson, Florence Fogg.
Newark— James Delaney, Belle Jarvis.
Castro Valley, Hayes. Independent and
Valle Vista report no graduates.
The Oakland High School graduation
exercises will be held next Thursday
evening in the gymnasium. The gradu
ates are: Prentiss Theodore Bee, Warren
Theodore Bee, Edna Olive Branch, Eme
line Elizabeth Cobbledick. Myrtle Gene
vieve Cromwell, Grace Essie Dawson,
Traylor Wilson Bell, Annette Emelyn
Canfleld, James Ellis, Edith Rutherford
Evans. William Walter Evans, Eva Al
berta Fulton. Henry Btlmson Gilbertson,
Hannah Hampton. Clara Malintha Hoag
land, Mary Crawford Johns tone, Arthur
Francis* Kales. Louis James Kennedy,
Edna B. Kinard. Josie Ethel Lemon,
Maud Anna Lovejoy, Arthur Wallace
: Luther. Erie Mcßoyle, Ray McCargar,
' Jacqueline Anne Moore, Helen May
Morehouse, Guy Park Needham, Mabel
Violette Neff, Lester Newman, Henry
King Nourse, Mabel Clare Rogers, Geral
dine Scupham. Sumner Stewart Smith,
Delia Elizabeth West. Margaret White,
Ida Wilkes. Helen Winchester and Walter
William Stevens. A few other names may
yet be added by the faculty.
St Mary's College graduates received
their diplomas at the Maedouough The
ater to-night. The graduates are: A. B.—
E J Mullally. O. A. Welsh, J. G. Brady,
S P. Young, H. J. Stark. D. E. Campbell.
J P Killian and J. A. Cassldy. B. S.-W.
J. Walsh, J. P. Fitzgerald and H. S. Huff.
Closing exercises «vcre held at St, Jo
bi ph's Academy this afternoon.
Testimonials for gentlemanly deport
ment and application to study are award
ed to the following:
Academic department— Joseph Doherty,
Francis V. Smith, Thomas Peters. Albert
Francis and Elmer Cox, first class; Jo
stph' Vasconi, second class.
Intermediate department, first class—Jo
seph Fitzgerald, Edward Silver, Francis
Btreefkirk; second class— lgnacio Guerre
ro. William Geary, William Flammer, Al-
Lert Carpy, John Gaffney. Francis Mey
ers, Joseph Kelly. Albert Selby.
Primary department, first class—Law
rence McCarthy. Jonn Biggy, Robert
Powers Hoyt J. Hasting, John McDer
mott, William Smilli, Francis O'Neill,
•vaymoiid Bennett; second class— Jerome.
D. Peters, Alfred Murphy, John Costcllo,
Richard Hammond.
WILL SEEK REST IN
SUNNY SOUTHERN CLIMES
DR. JOHN GALLWEY LEAVES
FOR AN EXTENDED TRIP.
Will Continue on to Europe to Study
in the Noted Hospitals if His
Health Permits.
Dr. John Gallwey, beloved of a wide
circle of friends, was on the streets yes
terday after a serious siege of illness.
Through too devoted attention to duty,
exhausted nature finally gave way and
the doctor was prostrated. He had as
sumed the exacting duties of Health Offi
cer of this city in the absence of his
friend, Dr. A. P. O'Brien at Manila. This
in addition to his existing practice over
taxed his strength, as he responded to the
calls of all Becking his ministrations.
Dr. Gallwey will leave to-day for Del
Monte for rest. After a brief stay there
be will proceed south to San Diego. If
his health improves, as he and his admir
ers hope it will, he will depart for Eu
rope. While there he will study in the
famous hospitals and clinics. Should he
determine that his health will not per
mit the Euri'pean trip he will return here
after an extended rest and will resume
his practice.
MEMORIAL SERVICES.
George H. Thomas Post, G, A. R.,
Will Honor the I>ead To-Morrow.
oeorge 11. Thomas Post, Grand Army
of the Republic, will hold its annual mem
orial services ;'.t tho First Congregational
Church to-morrow evening at 7:30
o'clock. There will be a sermon by the
Rev. Dr. George C. Adams, pastor of the
church. The choir under the leadership
of Organist Samuel D. Mayer will be a. la
mented by the Masonic quartet, and the
musical part of the service will be very
impressive.
A special invitation to be present is ex
tended to the Confederate veterans of the
Civil War. and the general public is earn
estly requested to attend and show by its
presence the reverence due to the hon
ored dead.
Following is the programme of hymns
and songs appropriate to the occasion:
Recessional hymn (Kipling and De
Koven), "Honor the Brave," "Tenting on
the Old Camp Ground," "Who Will Care
for Mother Now?" "The Old Brigade,"
"Blessed He the Ground" and "The Old
Flag Forever."
SMUGGLERS DISAPPEAR.
The Boys Miller and Martin Failed to
Appear and the Charges Were
Dismissed.
Thomas Miller and Albert Martin may
now go home, to their parents, whose
fault is that they seem to be unable to
control their children. Yesterday morn
ing Assistant United States Attorney
Banning, by request of United States At
torney Coombs, appeared before United
: States Commissioner Heacock and asked
that the charge of smuggling against the
defendants be dismissed. The reason for
the dismissal was given as the youth of
the defendants, neither being more than
16 years old. The boys had at
i tempted to smuggle 110 cigars between
' them. Smuggling being an offense nun
-1 ishable by imprisonment in the State
] Prison, the United States Attorney did
' not wish to send the boys to the pehiten-
I tiary. He expressed his belief that the ,
boys had been taught a severe lesson and
that they would not again attempt to
commit the same offense.
Since their release on their own recog
nizance the defendants have disappeared.
Martin's mother informed United States
Attorney Coombs that her son left a note
stating that he had left by the Sunset
route and would return "after this trou
ble blows over."
BOYS' SUMMER CAMP.
The Young Men's Christian Associa-
tion Will Establish an Outing
Grounds for Members.
The Young Men's Christian Association
has hit upon a novel scheme for a sum
mer outing for its younger members. Un
der the direct supervision of Assistant
Secretary Grove F. Elkins, Clarke E.
Pomeroy, Dr. H. L. Dietz and L. M. Mey
er, a boys" summer camp will be estab
lished on the southwest coast of Tomales
Bay, in Inverness Valley.
The purpose of the outing is to give the
intermediate class, composed of boys be
tween the ages of 14 and 16 years, a
chance to enjoy camp life. The associa
tion will attend to all the details, and
have everything in readiness for the in
cursion of the young campers. Strictly
military camp discipline will be imposed.
Under "Dr. Dietz, hygienic exercises will
be a feature of the outing, and he will
take charge of the youths who will
make up the party. The camp will be in
readiness for occupation in another week.
ERNEST HASTINGS AT
A FAREWELL DINNER
Ernest Hastings, for nearly a year past
leading man at the Alcazar Theater, was
the guest of honor at a dinner party last
night given by Dr. Edith E. McLean at
the California Hotel.
During his stay in this city Mr. Hast
ings has made a host of friends, and now
on the eve of his leaving for the East
he is the recipient of many expressions of
regret at his approaching departure.
Seated about the banquet board last
night were his most intimate friends, who
had earlier in the evening witnessed his
impersonation of the leading character in
"In Mizzoura." The table was profusely
decorated with flowers, while the supper
was perfect in every detail. Those at the
table were: Mrs. Dr. E. E. McLean, Miss
Bartlett, Miss Leddie Shalike, Miss Eva
Duflield, Miss Elsie Studer, Ernest Hast
ings, Mark Thall, J. K. Cosgrave, H.
Came, Mr. Pettield and Ernest B. Leem
tag.
Favors Present Gas Rates.
The Market Street and Eureka Valley
Improvement Club, at its meeting last
night, adopted the following resolution:
Resolved, By the Market Street and Eurfka.
Valley Improvement Club, that we believe that
Jl 10 Is the legal rate for gas as fixed by the
Hoard of Supervisors and we urge our members
and consumers to pay their bills at that price
and urge they refuse to pay any higher turn
that the gas company may demand.
The club favors the extension of the
park panhandle in a southerly direction
along Dolores street. The further con
sideration of this subject will be discussed
by the Merchants' Association.
The following delegates were elected to
the Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs: W. J. Cuthbertson, Dennis Barry
and B. Joost.
Short addresses on a general line of im
provements for the Mission district were
made by A. S. Lillie, G. Schnee and P.
Harrington of the executive board of the
Mission Federated Clubs.
Democrats of the Forty-First.
The Democrats (.!' the Forty-first As
si mbly District met at Til ton Hall, on
Union street, near Octavia, and organ
ized a district club. William, J. Donlon
was elected ti mporaxy president ami
Thomas H. Maguire temporary secretary.
A committee, with S. Harrison Smith as
chairman, was appointed to arrange a
plan of permanent organization. The club
will meet at the same place on next
Thursday evening.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 20.— Max Jleilbronner
of San Francisco and A. H. Martin and
wife of San Jose are at the Hoffman;
Herbert Folger of San Francisco is at the
Imperial; T. J. Kelly and W. T. Hovey
and wife of San Francisco are at the Man
hattan; H. Dr»von and Marsel Gerard of
San Francisco are at the Martin.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Q ICuon, Los Ang Mrs J White, i'a I
L Stern. N V .Miss McGowan, Cal
M Alsbeiv, N V -Miss Russell, Cal
A Su!«kin, Cal )i U War.!. N V
J Sparks,, Nev A <; Fraser. L Ang
P A Londfurst, Cal .1 W Mlnturn, «'al
Mr Wheat on. NY FA Wadlelgh, S Lake
Mrs Wheaton, N V Mrs j F Hervey, ru^.j
P s Henson, Chicago 18 H Bhomtger, Chgo
H O Woodruff. I S A " G Sa«e. BactO
B R Coffin, Mass M H Markham Cal
T H Prldham, Aisaka 11 Kn. isi-1. Huston
Baron C yon Heyl, O Roth, Boston
Germany I, Loeacenskl, I tost, .n
Baron Bismarck, Ger- A Schroeder, Boston
many .1 n Peakes, s Onus
W H Holobird. L Ang Dr J O Taylor, 1' S N
X T Hasseltlne, Ohio F T Barbour, Bodle
<■ A Clark, London .Mrs XI. Boßqyl, Bodie
]> c Hans.in. r..rtiiinii \\ C Price, Oakland
T Hucbes, England !J Q Qravea, Shasta
a E Wahl, Alameda Mrs J'; Graves, Cal
L E Taggert, Stanford' C A Blllman, N V
M Deaay, Stanford !•' i> Carr, N V
H Lea. Stanford B U Sacto
B Btory, Stanford I- S Mace, Los Qatoa
B BUinson. Stanford I W D Comer. Seattle
j M Staoffen
grand HOTEL.
J W Thayer, Los Ang \v Qottschalk, Milwke
F G Keens, Nthr >J Stelnway, Sta Rosa
A V Love, Portsmouth I? P G.-is. Wlllowa
G Oliver. San .Ins.- IT Cox, Pacto
R A Rogers, Cal If Deltweller, Peoria
.) McCartney, Oaklnd Miss T Detweller, Pra
A J Treat, Sausaiito V. I) Severs, Portland
A C Fox, Cal Win Thomas, Chlco
Mrs. Carpenter, L Ang P C Tonner, Pomona
Miss Carpenter. L A T PrMham, Circle Cty
o II Savage, Alaska H J Phillips, Cal
R W Colson, Boston M Bmlth, Ij-<s Auk
j Ladwig, Bear Valley X J Kendall, Auburn
Dr. F Flayden, Fresno M M Black, Boston
.1 R Payne, Lou Ang II H<-\is, st Louis
H Amos &w. Boston Mis- M I.owe, Cal
Miss M L Glide, BactolC A BhattUCk, Frehdo
Col J Freldrlch, U SA F Kiml.iil. St Michael
Miss M Hopkins, Or L McKenzle, Denver
T Lux, Canada H 1" Walton, Sutter
G Pran, Bonora C L Somhworth. Bac
T Clark &. w, I'lacivll Mrs T F Grey, Boratfl
F Conwell, l»"li C X Woodi-uff N V
J C Hall. Redlands |f II F;urar. Merced
Mrs A Hobart & <I.NM B F Jones. Nashville
NRW WESTERN HOTEL.
R Zimmerman. Portld i H Shore & w, Cal
N Nelson. Astoria i J F Kelfer, Wash
G C S'-hmitt. Portld ' L WartenberK, Idaho
W Zollars, Spokane H Aronstein & W, Ind
Misa "WelKard, I J ortlnd N M Barnett & w, Loa
Miss. Kelly, Portland Ang
R R Pettit & w, Sac, II Gallagher, Fresno
J Hayden, Ohio C I) Kenny, Fresno
A Roswi, Idaho R Llmhiuist, Tulare
< ■ Tanner, Cal C R Norrlin, Seattle
W II Clark. Tacoma
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Antonio F. Handmann (owner) with O.
R. Elder (contractor), architect M. .7. Lynn,
:i!l work for a two-story and basement frame
building 00 NX corner of Van Ness avenue and
I'nion street. N 30 by E 107:3: $3350.
Elizabeth and R. J. Hancock (owners) with
W. L. Holman (contractor), architect A. W.
Marquis, work necessary for forming of an
elevator shaft and Installation of an electric
elevator in complete running order in building
known as the "Grand Carnot" (five-story), at
tIS Kills street: $2400.
Goldberg, Howen & Co. (owners) with Wil
liam Cronan (contractor), architect F. R.
R. Swain, roofing, conductor pipes, galvanized
iron work, skylights and cleaning up for a
four-story brick building on N line of Sutter
street, 137:6 E of Grant avenue, N 54:6 by N
137:6: $919.
Same owner with Charles Dunlap (contract
or), architect same, lathing, plastering, corner
beads, whitening, cleaning up for same on
same; $1320.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francliico
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clook.
187 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
(15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Ml Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mlss-lon street ; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: npen until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. 1l per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero st., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel 5520.
MEETING NOTICES.
PAST Master's Association of Callfor- __
nla. F. and A. M.— Monthly meeting _#%_
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING, at > ]\J\
o'clock, at Masonic Temple. Members /^r
please attend. .- : -r. ,•*;;..,,/ =
■ » . L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. •
M.— Officers and members are request- _sm_
ed to attend the funeral of our lateTKjr
brother A. J. D. DRIEFER, TO-MOR- /^T N
ROW, (Sunday), May 26, at 1:30 p. m. By
order of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2 -"\BHtt"i
I. O. O. F.— Regular meeting sSS^PiKL
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. -^S&S??
Third degree. . -^X^ 9
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
THE Caledonian Club will hold its _, cy_
thirty-third annual gathering and 3V, £»lQ
games at Shell Mound Park on TH»2EKf
TUESDAY. May 30. As usual, **s9»
the best athletes of the Pacific Coast will
compete for prizes of coin, Jewels, badges and
other articles of value; $2500 in cash will be
distributed to successful competitors; full
bands and renowned bag pipers will furnish
music for the grounds and dancing platform;
a Highland hospitality will be extended to
guests and an unequaled day of pleasure will
be afforded to all comers: buy tickets for
Shell Mound Park; adults 60c; children 25c.
,„_ ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR, Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. H. Southwick. in the North
Hill placer mine, near Milton. Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings in Rich Gulch;
from T. B. Bennett, in the Ohio mine, near
Wash, Plumas County, to deposit tailings on
a flat below the mine: from W. E. Duncan
Sr., in the York Ranch placer mine, near
Spanish Ranch, Plumas County, to deposit
tailings on a fiat below the mine; and from
Alfred Schofleld, in the Klondike mine, at
whisky Diggings, Sierra County, to deposit
tailings behind the dam of the Washington
mine, in rilate Creek, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
Ing, San Francisco, Cal., on June 12. 1899,
at 1:30 p. m. .
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said company has been called by said
• Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D..1899, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market St., In the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000). in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 93 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanio Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany on and after THURSDAY. June 1, 1898.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY, May
if, 1899. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 42G Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WASTED-
WAITRESSES— 2 neat waitresses acquainted
with restaurant work wish situations in city.
Bee J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK, first class, 4 years' reference, desires
situation. Bee J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
EASTERN woman of 30 wishes position as
managing housekeeper; good home more of
an object than wages; city or country. 29
Eddy st., room 15, first floor.
INDUSTRIOUS woman in need wants mend-
Ing or plain sewing to do at home. Address
box 755, Call office.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; fine fitter; ac-
customed to good work; children's dresses a
specialty; $1 a day. W. M.. box 753, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
washing and Ironing or housework; is good
laundress. 663 Minna St.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do house-
work; good cook. 16 Laskie St., off Mission,
between Eighth and Ninth.
LADY would like plain sewing and mending to
do at home. 821 Mission st. , room 1.
WANTED — A situation by dlplomee young
lady, well versed in French. Italian, Ger-
man and English: prefers to be companion
or chaperon to ladies desiring to travel or
study on the- continent; references given.
Box 150. Call. -
SITUATION wanted by a German woman in
a first-class American family, to take care
of children and sewing; nine years In the
last olace: M. G., box 741, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a position to
do general housework and cooking; city cr
country; moderate wages. No. 10 Stockton,
place, bet. Post and Sutter sts.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman; is a good
cook and baker; no objections little ways out;
good references. 772 Seventh St., below Brush,
Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and dishwasher or
helper; English. French and Hungarian style;
first-class first-class hotel; references.
Apply at 242 Natoma st., basement.
MAN and wife want situations country hotel
or boarding house; man first-class cook; wife
good laundress and pastry cook. 312 Van
Ness aye.
YOUNG lady from East wishes position as at-
tendant to invalid lady or child. Address M.
M. 8., Y. W. C. A., 1259 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG German woman wishes place for
housework; can cook; will sleep home. Call
from 10 to 3, 813 Van Ness aye.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing,
ironing and cleaning. 856 Mission st.
AMERICAN woman wants place as cook In
small institution June 1. Address box 5421.
Call office, Oakland.
LADY would like position to do plain sewing
or second work. 865% Market, room 9.
LADY good in composition wants position as
amanuensis or private secretary; stenog-
rapher. Box 713. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WAMTED-MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
_ best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
MAN and wife, both 26 years of age, to attend
to ranch; wife excellent cook; man under-
stands ranch work and to make himself gen-
erally useful; can give fine references. Ad-
dress box 762, Call office.
WANTED— Situation as first-class cheese and
butter maker; understands running engine
and cream separator; will take charge of
dairy. C. G., 417 Kearny st.
COACHMAN and gardener; thoroughly compe-
tent and good, careful driver; can milk
and do all other work around gentleman's
place. Box 596, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman wants work; well up
In the care of horses and all stable duties;
careful driver; understands plain gardening.
Address box 43. Call office. ' : -^ v
COMPETENT rectifier and blender of spirits
wishes situation: wholesale or retail; under-
stands all branches of the business. Address
box 760, Call office.
BAKER, foreman, with best of references,
wishes place as such; city or country; bread
•and cakes. Address Baker, 309 Third St.,
Oakland.
JAPANESE wishes to do morning work down-
town In exchange for a bedroom. Address
box 764, Call office.
STEADY, sober young man would like a situa-
tion as second baker In hotel. Box 7.->S. Call.
BY a reliable person, a situation as foreman
on a ranch; stock or cereal ranch preferred
Address, stating terms, T. J. STEVENS,
Fruitvale, Cal.
YOUNG man desires position in wholesale
house; graduate business college; reliable;
references. Box 24, Call office.
WANTED — to take care of institution
public building or private place by a re-
spectable married couple without children;
good references; can put up security if re-
quired. Address D., box 682, Call office, Oak-
land. ,-,..-
SITUATION wanted (Just arrived from East) by
two first-class 20 years' experienced compe-
tent 1 meat. 1 pastry cook, bread and cakes;
. best of references; sober and steady: wish
places; city or country. Address box 782. Call.
WANTED — Situation as engineer; can run
dynamo or any kind of small plant: willing
to do other work; good reference. Address M
F. C. 235 Minna st.
COACHMAN and gardener wants situation;
careful driver; best city references; 5 years
In last place. Box 17, Call office.
HELP WANTED-PEMALB.
SIX first-class chambermaids for first-el t«
summer resort, $20. C. R. HANSEN & co
104 Geary st. "'
25 SOUTHERN California waitresses, about
June 15, for first-class springs and resorts
$20. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st. '
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
Head waitress, $30; 15 waitresses for June
15 for two first-class resorts; 10 waitresses '
for different resorts; 6 waitresses for resort !
near city, $20, call to-day; 2 chambermaids
for resort, $17 50; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 2
chambermaids to wait, $20. ,-.
FAMILY ORDERS
Cook for mining town, $20, fare paid; woman
to run plain boarding-house for working-
man; 25 girls for cooking and general hovfse-
work. $15 to $25; cook, Berkeley, $25; nurse
girl to go to country for summer, $S to $10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Two waitresses, south, Monterey
County, hotel, $20; 2 waitresses, north, hotel
and resort, $20; 2 waitresses, short distance,
resort. $20; waitress, city, $20; German cook,
no wash $30; cook, boarding-house, $25;
French nurse, $15; 3 second girls, $20, and a
large number of neat girls for housework in
city and country for cooking and housework
too numerous to advertise, at $20 and $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
WANTED— A neat waitress and parlor maid
who does not object to second work and
making occasionally shirt waists; wages $2o;
references. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
COOK and second girl, same house, $20 and
•$25 per month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS for Nevada: good place: fare paid;
$25 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
MOTHER and daughter: Lake County; $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
LAUNDRESS, Institution, $25; waitress, $15;
cook, Menlo Park. $25; Pacific Grove $25, Napa
$25. Mill Valley $25, San Jose $25; houseglrl,
$20, 2 In family, city; nursegirl, $10; nursegirl,
$15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED- Competent German or Swedish girl
for housework; references; $30 month. MRS.
WOOD, 1018 Washington St., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman as working
housekeeper; fond of children; -best of refer-
ences required; moderate wages. Box 761,
Call office.
LADY canvassers for staple articles: good
terms. Apply after 8:30 a. m. at 214 McAllis-
ter St., rooms 7 and 8.
YOUNG lady, must have some knowledge of
bookkeeping; must live in Oakland with
parents. Box 597. Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— bookkeeper and stenographer:
principally bookkeeping: state salary and
references. Box 759, Call office.
WANTED— for housework and plain cook-
ing; 3 in family. 2143 Larkin St.
WANTED — Woman who understands cooklpg
to help In kitchen. Apply 5 Polk st.
WANTED— girl for housework. 1126 Turk
St.; wages $12.
YOUNG girl for housework In small family;
low wages. 13 Minna st.
AMATEUR athletic and vaudtville talent of all
kinds. Apply at Glen Park Theater to-day, 2
to 5 p. m.
WANTED— Lady clothes lroner. Standard
Laundry, 114 Hayes st.
WANTED — apprentice for dressmaking at
234 Post St., room 10.
GOOD German girl, who wants good home;
light housework. 508 Hyde St., bet. 9 and 12.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1350 Jack-
son St., upstairs.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school: trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leavenworth st.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 1C pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 11,
postage rn'd.
HELP WANTED—
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY. FROM 7 A. M
12 haymakers, different Jobs $1 25 day
92 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent places, $26. $25. $30 and $20 and found;
12 milkers, different places, $30, $25 and found;
6 choreboys and men for good ranches, $20,
$15. $10 and found; also 2 boys to learn city
trades; milker and wife. $35
20 two and four-horse teamsters, $2 day, free
'.TO THE SAWMILLS AND WOODS
19 crosscut sawyers, different Jobs, $35 and
found; 22 timber fellers, different Jobs, $40 and
found: 6 Jackscrewers, $32 50; 2 bark peelers,
$26: 125 laborers for mills and yards, $26 and
found: 14 pliers for mills, etc. $26 and found
Sticker hand, north $40 and found
Head donkey man, $40 2 spool tenders
264 tiemakers, tools furnished, lie, 10c and
12c: 345 woodchoppers, $2, $1 50 and $1 cord,
tools found.
BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS
Machinist, country shop
9 blacksmiths and horseshoers. also 3 helpers,
$3. $2 50. $2 day and $50, $40 and found: 2
boys or young men, little experience in above
trade; these Jobs are for shops, camps and
ranches, etc
..CARPENTERS, WOODWORKERS, ETC..
2 carpenters, same Jobs
Young man woodworker, carriage shop, $40
and found; hand wood finisher, country mills,
$- A
25 teamsters, different Jobs, $1 75 day; 30 la-
borers, city jobs. $1 75 day and $30 and found:
3 stablemen, city and country jobs, $25 and
$20 and found; boy to peddle In city, $15 and
found: boy for store, $8 and found.
MURRAY * READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
To-day, every day, at 9 a. m.. via Third and
Townsend sts. depot, S. P. R. R. Co.
We ship part of
500 two-horse teamsters
500 four-horse teamsters
500 drillers
500 laborers
150 hammermen
ISO holders for drillers
26 stone masons
ISO gravel screeners
Wages are $3. $2 50, $2, $1 75 day and railroad
S. P. pass free
Office commission only $1
Los Angeles District
150 laborers and teamsters $2 day
Free fare. S. P Office fee, $1
Into Valleys of Monterey
26 laborers, no experience necessary, $1 75
day; 25 two and four-horse teamsters $2 day;
25 gravel screeners, anybody, $1 75 day
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE. $1
TO EVERY RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA..
1564 laborers, teamsters, drillers, rock-
men, etc., $3 to $1 75 day: free fare to all
Office fee, $1
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS. PORTERS. WAITERS. BAKERS.
Cook, nice country hotel, fare $1. $55 and
found; 9 cooks, different places, $60, $40, $30
and found: 6 dishwashers, $25. $20, $15 and
found; 7 waiters. $30. $25, $20 and found; 2
porters, country hotels $20 and found
Baken, country shop $35 and found
3 bakers' helpers and assistants, good Jobs.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
CARRIAGE painter. $3 day: iaundrymiin, $30;
shlngler. city. $2 50 day; sawmill blacksmith.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 635 Clay st.
FREE OFFICE FEE FREE R. R. FARE
Ship for the coast railroad this morning and
Sunday morning; free of any charge.
WANTED
60 2 and 4-horse teamsters, $1 75 to $2 a
day, free fare.
50 laborers, gravel screeners and concrete
mixers, $2 and $1 75 a day and free fare.
Any able-bodied men wanting work of this
kind we will ship this morning and Sunday.
Call and hire to-day for Sunday.
FREE OFFICE FEE FREE FARE
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
10 HEADERMEN for railroad tunnel; $2 50 a
day and free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
3 STONEMASONS; $3 a day and free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 RAILROAD camp cooks, $50 each: bread
baker for a railroad camp; waiter, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 TIMBER fellers, pee boss here, $40 and found;
screw turner, $50 and found; chain tender. $30
and found: 10 crosscutters, $35 and found: 6
pliers, laborers and ax men, $30 and $26 and
found; blacksmith, $2 a day and found, for a
ranch. $1 25 and found; helper for a ranch, $30
and found ; choreboy for a ranch, $14 and
found: 12 farmers. $30 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ■ »
AN experienced head laundryman for a first-
class year-round country hotel, $60 and found;
see party here 10 a. m. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
HAND laundryman for a springs, $20 and
found; washer. $30 and found, for an insti-
tution. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
RESTAURANT butcher. $40: second hotel cook.
$50; waiter, family hotel, $25; cook for six
men on a hay press, $20: kitchen help; work-
ing head waiter, country hotel. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Caipenter for mine, good, steady
Job at $2 50 per day; screw tender for first-
class sawmill, see boss here, $70 per month;
driver for delivery wagon in country
6 milkers, good Jobs »» and $30;
20 farmers and haymakers, near city.. s26. $30;
3 teamsters in city.. •*! 60 per day;
6 laborers in city ••••♦ , 6° per da , y:
waiter for restaurant near city. $8 per week ;
10 laborers for mine, good steady Job. $1 25
per day; cooks and others. W. D. EWbR
& CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Night waiter, country, $30; hotel
waiter, $25; omnibus, $30; young waiter, chop
house, country, $25: cooks for hotels: dish-
washers, $15 to $25; laundry washer for hospi-
tal ■ tal $30; choreman for resort, *10. etc. AN-
DRE 1 S. 316 Stockton st. .
LAUNDRYMAN. city, $30. HOTEL GAZETTE,
420 Kearny st. ••-;■. *i
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— TooI dresser, $3 to $3 50 day; 4
blacksmiths for camp, $60 and $30 and board;
Jobbing blacksmiths, $40 and board; boy to
learn blacksmith's trade; iron molder; ma-
chinist, $3 day. J. F. CROSETT C 0..: 628
Sacramento st. ■ ' '
WANTED— 2 milkers, $25, fare paid; milker,
$30; farmers, $1 day: nurseryman; stableman, t"»
$30; dairyman for small dairy, $25: carriage
painter, $3 day; laborers for woods, mines, f
railroad work and tunnels at going wages;
teamsters, $1 75 to $1 90 day. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook and wife and dishwasher,
same place, .$B5; cook, short orders, country,
$40; cook, city, $10 a week; kitchen man.
Private boarding house, $20 and found; dish-
washer, country, $20; and others. Apply to
_ J- F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— a neat waiter for family work, one
who understands butler work; $35. Apply to
•I. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
I3J , A ? 5, TEI> — quartz miners who can run power
"rill* $3 so a day . 2 quartz miners, $2 50 a
uay; 6 gravel miners, $10 and board; timber-
men for mine, $2 75 and $3 50 a day; laborers
ro m l™'J - A PPIy to J. F. CROSETT _
>*-'■■ fa.s Sacramento st.
\\ ANTED — Man about house: understand
rSEL 0 ?, horse; help in kitchen; $10 month;
Vlt d , is i an ''- in country. NE. corner Mar-
Ket and Mason sts.; basement.
W n A ,? TKI ?~ Steady man t0 keep plain accounts
nnn K SSist n ' ht work '- mvs * have $125 cash
Tnv M satli ed % 7&&3? week Western
investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
T 1 D ~7 Stead y- sober, reliable man for
"'*"" steamer Sausalito. Apply at the res-
taurant or box 756, Call office.
T nP_rt v th nl wee f k s°o5 °0 Palrs~m"en's shoes, some
sH*ht v ■ !r ■'"' 50c to $150; new shoes.
bef Ist «n ma ed ; half prtce 562 Mission st.
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
715% T Davis^rt ber ° r Saturda >' s and Sundays..
BARBER wanted. 108 Fourth st. $4 guaran-
B cenfa E ge t wa * es ° r *-
BARBER for S3 Third St.; $3.
BARBER wanted. 131 Third st. '
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; if suits,
steady. 1073 Market St.. near Seventh/
BARBER; Saturday and Sunday. Call at a
a. m., 229 Second st.
BARBER wanted; only first-class need apply
steady place: good wages. 7 Shotwell st. ' '
CHAS. WARD— call at Alpha House!
6 Market st. |
BEDMAKER wanted. Winchester Hotel, 44
Third st.
COOK. 233 Sixth st.; call early.
A GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
WANTED— Carriage blacksmith. Call at 1433
Park st., Alameda.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
60c. 662 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
SALESMEN— a month and all expenses
guaranteed selling to merchants Arctic Re-
frigerating Machines for cooling refrigerators;
guaranteed 75 per cent cheaper than Ice; ex-
clusive territory assigned. ARCTIC RE-
FRIGERATING CO., Cincinnati. O.
WANTED— Young man, experienced In put-
ting up orders In a wholesale grocery or cof-
fee house; give age, references and wages ex-
pected. Box 25, Call office.
STRONG, willing old country boy about 18, to
learn trade, make himself useful; $4 a week
to begin. Box 739, Call office.
AMATEUR athletic and vaudeville talent of all
kinds. Apply at Glen Park Theater to-day, 2
to 5 p. m.
WANTED— blacksmith; light work.
Apply W. HOPPE, Baden.
WANTED— gentleman with capital for
manufacturing business: must be well edu-
cated and capable of dealing with the best
class of people; no other need apply. Box
22. Call.
WANTED — Carriage blacksmith partner to
open shop In Napa. Wheelwright, box 15,
Call.
PAINTER, whitener, paperhanger, who will
take work out In rent. Address box 19. Call.
WANTED— 4 camp blacksmiths for general
work. Apply to E. B. STONE. Elmhurst.
BARBER shop for Bale in Healdsburg. J. M.
KEYES.
COAL miners accustomed to Pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines, A'.ameda County. Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during th«
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQITIN COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
road; apply at Stone's camp, near Giant sta-
tion; wages. $1 75 to $1 90: also flrst-claia
tunnel men: apply at Point Richmond: wages
$1 75. $2 and $2 50. E. B. STONE. San Pablo.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
rung Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drlllmen and team-
sters on railroad work; blankets and bedding
free; fare from Oakdale to Sonora free. Ap-
ply to A. E. BUCKMAN. 102 Montgomery st.
BARBER shop, building and bedroom
complete, flrstclass. Particulars of G. W.
S.. Eastland, Cal.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Devisat
dero and Broadway, city. f I
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and '
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; constant practice; catalogue free.
Meier's Barber College. 625 Clay st.
150 men for cleanest bouses in city, "Central
House." 871 Market, and "Branch House."
S6l: 15c to 50c night; all dally papers. ,
FIRST-CLASS tunnel superintendent; good ■al-
ary: references required; state experience.
Apply box 7848. Call office.
WANTED — men to occupy rooms; 10c pc»
night. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 135% Eighth st.
SOS SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25<j
per night. Lindell.6th and Howard: read, rm.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.: rates, 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House, 614 Howard, cor. New Montg.; single,
10c. 15c night; 60c, 90c week: reading room.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
. - Hearst bide.. Third and Market.
BaRBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel, Jessie 1164.
SIN-OLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863H Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping* Agent. 604-506 Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knnx Collection Agency. 112 Putter st.
PARTNERS WASTED.
k _ . . _._,_. . .,,,,',,_.,, ,_,,_, , . *' ■
■$150— PARTNER wanted. lady or gent, in es-. m
tablished paying business. 626% I st., Sac- -f
ramento.
WANTED— Partner to travel in photographla
business in South America: success certain;
no experience necessary- Apply 2 to 4 p. m..
. room M, 204 Ellis st.
WASTED- MISCELL.A.MSOUS.
EXCHANGE— Board at summer resort for
piano surrey, horses, safe or carpets. Ad-
dress 200, Cal. Safe Deposit building.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars: long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
AMATEUR musicians to Join orchestra for so-
cial purposes. 328 Bush St.. room 4. --.-
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 525-555 Market st. ; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law,
sixth floor, Chronicle building; nc advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees: call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ, attorney at law; pro-
bate and guardianship; Sth floor Crocker bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
STORAGE.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of M
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt., tel. Black 311.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay Si.BUSINES- CHANCES. I
A— s3oo; BRANCH Bakery In the Mission; 4
living rooms; rent $20; a good paying place;
clears about $100 per month. 11. G. WILKE.
906 Market st.
A— $1000; PARTNER wanted In detective
agency; the oldest and best established bu-
reau in this city. Call R. G. WILKE, MM
w Market st.
i\.— Ss.'*; SALOON' doing a good business; Mar-
ket and Seventh H*. ; rent $40; a bargain. R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
.V — ?50<i; SALOOX, doing a first-class business;
estab. years: 50 feet from Call bldg.; account
of sickness. Particulars R. G. Wllke, BOS Mkt.
A-$1600; CORNER grocery and bar: living ;
rms. : one-half block from inland's Brewery; i
daily receipts about $16; cash trade only; a
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market. '
$450— [RANCH bakery and stationery store In j
the Mission; living rooms; rent $1S; average
daily receipts $10. call R. G. WILKE, SOS
Market st.
5200— CORNER saloon: rent S3:>; California and '
Market sts. R. G. WILKE., 906 Market st.
$200— Restaurant; dally receipts $20; rent,
$21. Call R. O. WILKE, MM Market st.
JISOO— SALOON and merchants' lunch house
among wholesale st res; bargain: sickness of
owner cause of sale. Mi L.AUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market st.
51*5— BARBER shop; 5 . hairs; laundry agency.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar; centrally located;
sacrifice to-day. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
BUTCHER shop; great sacrifice. Call to-day.
COWING & CO.. 995 Market st. .
i2oo— SALOON; north Market; doing good busi-
ness: owner sick; must sell. JONES & CO.,
Sta Market st.
GOLD mil • for sale: milling $2 50 and, 315 per
ton; sulphates $41 60 to $SOO«J per ton; sulphates
3 per cent: ledge 207 feet wide, 2000 feet backs:
free wood and water. Particulars box 754. Call.
HOME bakery and delicatessen store: good rea-
sons for s.-lling; receipts S7«.H> to $SOO per
month; tjood ; lace tor man and wife. In-
quire at Call office.
SHOEMAKER with family can buy good shoe
, epairlng place on installments. 4102 Nine-
, : ;enth St., near Castro.
J2"o— PARTNER wanted In established busi-
ness; 2 places to look after; plenty of work;
no experience; trial given. 286 O'Farrell st.
SALOON— S2OO; 10 living rooms; good place;
owner going to mines; afternoon. 1940 Market.
LOT of furniture, bedding and crockery cheap.
Apply at 227 San Carlos aye.
I HAVE lots of persimmons but my pole Is
too short to reach them: $500 or more will
enable me to do so: assist me and I will
make you a fortune; a legitimate enterprise.
Box 749, Call office.
ONE-HALF interest in an old-established
fruit and produce store centrally located;
good reasons for telling. Address box 751,
Call office.
$550— RESTAURANT and II rooms: successful
operation by present owner 6 years; sicknesa
only. C. WILLMOTT. 916 Market st.
GOOD-PAYING stationery store: fine location.
Inquire CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS &
WELCH, 321 Sansome st.
FOR sale— Delicacy and dairy produce busi-
ness; a good place for mnn and wife; will
be sold at a sacrifice. Box 740, Call.
GOOD- PAYING transfer corner cigar store
for sale cheap; good reasons given for sell-
Ing. 764 San Jose aye.
$2-V>— PARTNER wanted In established busi-
ness; two places to look after; plenty of
work;no experience; trial given. 265 O Farrell.
A SACRIFICE— OM-established fruit store;
-...i chance. 130 sth, nr. Mission; no agents.
BKST business Investment In city for $100; new
patented article; practical and meritorious.
1045 Mission st., room 3.
SALOON and 6-room lodging-house, completely
furnished, for sale. SO Jackson st.
'^ TO tended Eastern purchasers of profitable
' orchards, legitimate exchanges, first mort-
gap- loans and for further information from
a Santa Clara Valley Orchard Agency of
California write to box 7ii. Call office.
GOOD location for fruit store or butcher shop:
rent reasonable. 290 Third aye., near Clement
st. : take Sutro car.
FOR SALE— A good blacksmith shop, for $500;
wish to retire from business. Box 636, Call.
PARTNER with some capital wanted to manu-
facture combination door mat, patented.
CHAP. KUHN. Fruitvale. Cal.
FINE store fixtures and showcase; 5 living
rooms; suitable branch bakery and notions.
284S Folsom.
A FIRST-CLASS saloon on East ft., nr. Mar-
ket: on account of til health; at LANE &
CONNELLY'S. ?'>* Market st.
COFFEE and tea route* supplied from QEO.
W. CASWELL & CO. 'B. 415 Sacramento at. j
KOUTE en this paper for sale. Apply this
effice.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 31,
postage raid.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
W^lN^TOx'&^Co7riW6 Market st.
17 rooms; rent $50; near Tlvoli 1860
24 rooms: rent $.1">: reduced to 450
45 rooms; rent $75: Market st 1050
•i 0 rooms: rent $50; part cash 550
FURXIPH up a lodging house from Alexan-
dria Hotel furniture. DAVIS A: CO.. 1111
Market St.. Odd Fellows' building. Market
st . near Seventh; come quick. ,
I6o'i — 12- ROOM lodging house; newly and mod-
ornly furnished; well equipped dining room.
J Api "27 Mission st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
SOLID oak sets, chiffoniers, curtains, chairs,
everything from Alexandria Hotel, In big
store in Odd Fellows' building. 1111 Market
st., near Seventh. DAVIS & CO.
.MTU RE and carpets. Apply at 16054
Jones st.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HORSES.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken busi-
ness and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall.
successors Klllip & Co.; ealesyard, 1732 Mkt.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
817 Sixth Ft. : auction sales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAN * DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR sale — 40 horses and mules at old Turk-st.
car stables. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS tecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
rNTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
NEW '-drawer White sewing machine; all at-
tachments; no reasonable offer refused. 19404
Market st.
S'.'7 50— SINGER -e-patchlng machine and
fettee. 106 Ninth Bt.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
, A — I— —AN OVERSTOCK
» St. Germain Hart Co., 409 Market St.; all
A, styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; lnstallmts.
LADY called Into mourning will sell a gray
cloth suit reasonable; can be seen at 531 Sut-
ter si O'NEILr.. & THOMPSON.
A 14-KARAT gold tern-Winding American, $25;
_ worth $60. ■■':.:. HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
DRKSS pants, S2 95: fine suits. $9 .-: Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. *,13 Montgomr-ry. cor.Commerclal.
A NICE diamond stud for 39 at UNCLE HAR-
RIS , v Grant aye.
FOR sale— Cheap; bakery and notion store. 909
Bryant st.
I CHEST of carpenter tools cheap: suitable for
ranch. Apply 1959 Fifteenth st.
COMBINED punch and shears medium siM
screw cutting lathe^JHs Mission st.
GASOLINE engines I h "p"" »00, ■■ !,. p. $125, I
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. .127 Mission.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats $1 75."i Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 830 Kearnj st., near Pine
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap iron arid
metals bought. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission st
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler engine etc"
WHITE'S, 816 Mission Bt. "K'ne. etc.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale St. " ! "' r> -
J shw '-a:' p s. shelving, i
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st!
SAFES- All sizes, now and second-hand Till.'
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only) $l 5" r will
tit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and nd hand all
sizes; half original 'ecst. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
SEWING .MACHINES]
'52 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold
/-■machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer, White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PERSONALS.
DOCTOR who is leaving for Europe on June 1
would take charge of invalid during the pas- j
sage. Address Doctor, 427 Emma Spreckels |
bid;:. '.'-7 Market st.
SOLID oak sets, chiffoniers, curtains, chairs,
everything from Alexandria Hotel, in big
store in Odd Fellows' building. 1111 Market
st., near Seventh. DAVIS & CO.
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., ISI4 Market st. Open evenings.
CEMETERY fences; best work: lowest prices.
DOUGLAS. Central aye.. bet. Bush and Pine.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Is the only reliable
hair tonic; keeps the hair clean and glossy;
35c a Dot. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, charges |
but 25c; this week he will offer all his $1 hair '■
switches at 75c; good quality and length. G. !
LEDERER. 123 Btockl n st.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 2f,th; Guerrero st. cars: tel. Blue 991.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-,
der. K. YOSHITANI. 313 Sutter st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
S. nd for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 Der night; $1 50 to $"5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from, the ferry.
; 1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements printed. $150; send for sam-
ples. BLEY, printer, oil Sacramento st. ;.
phone Main 1536.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
' COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits; low i
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton St.
j DR (HKKI.YS Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye. ; j
office, Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases. j
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad- j
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner building.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 897. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
i CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
I prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market Ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
i tion; guarantd. Dr.Gordin,sl4 Plne.ab.Kearny.
FOLDING beds J v 50; bedrm sets $B; bed lounges
$4 50; open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
WANTED— gold for manufacng.. O. Nolte. (
I Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mas
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 887 Geary st.; dresses made, $5
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
Sl'lßlTl AI.ISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
I life reader; medical clairvoyance; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st. j
j HENRY CRINDLE. slate writing and occult
telegraphy. 330 Ellis St., 10 to 5 o'clock; de-
veloping seance Saturday evening: 25c.
MOTHER SADIE seance to-day 12 o'clock;
50c. 409 Leaven worth st. __^
MRS. MANDENA. clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay 234'? Sixth. i
MRS. S. SIEP, psychometrist: 11 to 5; 50c;
circles evenings except Sat.. 10c. 1724 Market.
MRS. MEXA FRANCES, independent slate-
writfng medium. lIS Halght st.
' MRS. ELLIS, tests to all'; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m. ;
Mod . 8; 85c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune I
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
; CLAIRVOYANTS.
' MME. SYLVESTER, the celebrated clairvoy-
ant, palmist and card reader, returned from
abroad, opened parlors at 112 Mason st., near
Ellis; hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; open Sundays;
fee 25c: for ladles only; card reading at pri-
vate entertainments.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec- ,
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing: ladles, 50c; gents, $1 ; sit., $150. 126 Turk, i
MME. GORING, the powerful clairvoyant,
brings lovers together; settles domestic
troubles. 345 Fifth st.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1066 Market St., room 2.
YOUR future told by cards, 2. .c: Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkln St., room 8.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, mi. 12.
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post st., room 7.
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 36% Geary st., rooms 1 and 3.
MRS. FRANKIE WILLLtMS has returned;
maun. list. 906 Market St., room 21.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
; MISS MAY FOX, celebrated card reader. 304 i
Sutter ft.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to 865% Market St., rooms 8-9.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist. j
Parlors 12 and 18, second floor, 565V4 Market. i
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush 6t., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MIPS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
netlst, 207 Powell st., rooms 5 and 6.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader. We; ladles only.
643 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned reveaier, first
In her profession; never fails. 325 A Sutter st.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
MRS. I. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1065 Market St.. room 2.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. lIS Grant aye, r. 15. second floor.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A. FAURE, card reader and palmist, 405
Kearny st.. r. 34; French and English spoken.
MME. ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3, 995 Market st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
~ PALMISTRY.
MMX NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger- j
maine. 618 Geary St., above Jones; tel. Hyde |
8621: reading by mall, $1.
YOUR- fate is in your hand; scientific palmis-
try. MMX. GERMAINE. jfe>6 Market St., r. 30.
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist.
916 Bush Ft., between Taylor and Jones.
LOST.
THE lady who found the fox terrier pup Thurs- j
day afternoon on San Jose aye., near Thir-
tieth St., return to J. WHITE, 207 Day St.,
and receive reward.
LOST— terrier; white body, black pars;
answers name of Guess. Reward at 30 Cali- j
fornia Market.
LOST or Bicycle, from entrance of Em-
porium. Reward at 208 13th st.; no questions.
LOST— Sutter or Polk St.. a gold army buckle I
monogram. If found please return GROVE '
P. AVERS. Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson. 235 '
Market st.
3 NOTES payable to MRS. RHODA GREEN. '
Finder please return or notify 1559 Broadway, ;
Oakland; reward.
" ~ CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning works— Cleans.
moves, lays carpets. C H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
'453 Stevenson Ft.; tel. South 218; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'B. 3. Eighth St. tel. Jessie 944.
j E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th '
'st.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. 8 Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate: carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
COXKLIX'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: t»l. East 126.
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of copartnership
tice Ih hereby given that WINFIELD H.
DAVIS HURT L. DAVIS and CARL A. j
HENRY, formerly doing business as co- :
partners under the firm name and style of
DAVIS & HENRY, have dissolved such co-
partnership and the business heretofore done
by such firm will hereafter be conducted at
No. 215 Sansome st. by DAVIS & HENRY, an
Incorporated company. .
Dated February 2S. 1R99.
CARL A. HENRY.
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
BURT L. DAVIS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
BXY^«>rD^W~limJSE^i2^?e7r9~sT^n"ear
Fourth st.; 4 rooms; rent $10; water free.
Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
20 COTTAGES AND HOUSES In the Mission
for sale very cheap for cash or on easy
terms, by C. S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate
Agents, 630 Market st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOWARD, 549— Lodging house, 37 rooms, $45;
or hotel, barroom, range, all house, $60.
THE most charming spot in the Mission; mag-
nificent view; delightful climate; fine large
grounds; flowers and lawn; NW. corner Guer-
rero and Twenty-first; electric cars; house of !
12 rooms in perfect condition: stable and car-
riage house; rent low to good tenant. Apply
to E. G. DENNISTON, 3454 Twenty-first st.,
near Guerrero, or 655 Mission St.; key at cor.
2 VERY pleasant sunny houses, 3386 and 33SS
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; electric cars;
7 rooms, laundry, bath; in first-class condi-
tion; rent satisfactory to good tenant. Apply
to E. G. DENNISTON. 3454 Twenty-first St.,
or 655 Mission; key at corner.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
CAPP, 614— Sunny 10-room house; will, rent for
3 months or longer.
PARTLY furnished house;- modern conv'ces;
'-'533 Mission. Apply room S. Flood building.
COTTAGLS TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 333— 3-room cottage; yard and
chicken-house; $5 month. -San Mateo cars to
Thirty-fourth st.
DEVISADERO, 1413— Furnished cottage; rent
reasonable to good tenant.
SOMETHING new, inside and out; 630 Ninth
aye., north side park; fine location; street
wcrk dore; gas; sewer; water; 5 minutes'
walk from park museum.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and .'. rooms;flat of 6 rooms,
bath: Cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
ELLIS, 595— Fine furnished flat, 4 rooms and i
bath; mod. conv'ces; $35. Apply 827 Mission, i
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed \
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 rooms; large yard; $10. 417 Green
street.
LOWER flat, 4 rooms and bath; sanitary
plumbing. $13. 17 Ewing place, bet. Post and
Sutter, off Laguna.
NICE flat. 8 sunny rooms; all modern im-
provements; rent cheap. 3397 Sacramento st.
NINTH, 243— Modern bay-window flat, 4 rooms
and bath; $15. ''-_:-■.
SHARON, 88. bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
Sanchez and Church— slB, new flat, five rooms
and bath, cellar, yard, stable for 2 horses.
SIXTH. SS6A Upper flat; 5 rooms, bath; front
and rear entrance; large yard; rent $12.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper fiats; 7 rooms and bath; $16; repairs to I
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY 3-room flat. 416 Hyde St., between El-
lls and O'Farrell.
SUNNY upper fiat: 7 rooms, bath and large
yard; rent reasonable. 1013 Vi Filbert st.
THIRD, 415 A —Sunny ..at, 6 rooms. latest Im- j
provements, 2 front suites with bay windows. ,
TO let— Furnished flat of 6 rooms and bath;
reasonable. 1426 Leavenworth st.
UPPER flat, sunny corner; 5 rooms, bath and
yard; $10. 114 San Jose aye.
UPPER flat 3 cnoice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay ft., near Flllmnr*.
$S 50— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye., near Laguna and Hayes sts.
$9— HAVES, SS7 1 *; flat of 3 rooms; new plumb-
ing and separate yard.
Hfi-.VROOM upper Hat. 4140 Twentieth St.,
near Castro.
$13 50— SHIPLEY. 297 A, near Sixth; flat, 5 funny
rooms; bath: gas; yard.
$10— LOWER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st.. off Market, near Valencia. )
5 ROOM flat to let. 71 Clementina St.. near
Second; rent reasonable. '
6 ROOMS, $14: cottage, 4 rooms, $18. Key 623
Sernnd st.. corner Rincon aye.
FURNISHED FLATS.
LOVELY furnished flat; fine marine view. 1317
Leavenworth st. ■
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
,\_ 2 LARGE sunny rooms, furnished complete ;
for housekeeping, 2 folding beds, one In kitch-
en, one in bedroom, $10 per month, $2 75 per
week; furniture all new. Apply at shoe store,
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second sta.
CALIFORNIA, 719—2 rooms; good stove; also
other bedrooms suitable for gentlemen.
COMFORTABLE housekeeping room for lady;
sun all day; private. Apply 613 Laguna St.,
near Hayes; upstairs. _^^___
EDDY, 207— Nice large front room complete
for housekeeping; also others; gas; bath;
quiet.
EDDY, 917—2 or 4 nicely furnished clean con-
necting: gas range; splendid location.
FOLSOM, 623— Parlor floor flat of 3 large rooms;
furnished complete for hskpg. ; use of piano.
GEARY, 1917— $18; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds: 2 stoves, gas and
coal. ___ _ - !
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Elegant parlor suite,
vacant after June 1; references^
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
pas stove; use of telephone.
HARRISON, 676— Parlor floor, 3 nice sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
HAVES, 795—2 nicely furnished rooms for
.housekeeping; private family.
HICKORY aye., ISl— 2 large furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $8.
HOWARD, 640. nr. Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25c, 75c night; $1. $2 50 week.
HOWARD, 988— Furnished front room for
housekeeping, $10 per month.
HOWARD Nicely furnished Bunny rooms.
complete; all conveniences; $1 25 per week up.
HYDE. 110—3 rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing; also 2 In front basement.
KEARNY. 104—2 unfurnished rooms. $10; 3 fur-
nished rooms, $20.
LARKIN, 804 Large sunny back room, $6;
sunny bedroom and kitchen, furnished. $'■'.
MINNA, VIVA Furnished bay-window house-
keeping suite; $2 per week.
MINNA, 620^—2 sunny front housekeeping
rooms; rent $'.'.
MISSION, — Large front room and kitchen,
complete for housekeeping, $3.
MISSION 2133— Large front room, with small
kitchen. $9; also 3 large rooms; running
water; bath; cheap.
O'FARRELL, 589— 2 or 4 sunny furnished
rooms; housekeeping; gas; bath.
PINE 704— Front sunny suite, furnished; fold-
ing be.d; stove; running water; $12.
POLK, 610—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping rooms;
gas range; private family.
SIXTH, 108—2 sunny furnished rooms suitable
for light housekeeping.
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
THIRD, 303— Nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping. $1 SO week and up. ■
TURK, 405. corner Hyde — 4 connecting front
rms.. with good stoves; suitable 2 families.
TWELFTH, 40 — 2 or 3 rooms; furnished for
housekeeping: kitchen; $10 or $14.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3307, near Mission—
pletely furnished large connecting front sunny
suites. $S to $11. ----?
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-clasß
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, (00 to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— TAYLOR. 14!'. corner Eddy— Neatly furnish-
ed sunny front rooms, from $2 60 week up.
AT in Stockton St.. "The Pup"— Nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.
ALMA. 441 Geary— Newly furnished sunny
rooms: suites $1 SO week and up; transient.
BOHEMIA. 233 Post— Sunny rooms and suits;
all conveniences: families and gentlemen;
elevator; tourist; references.
BUSH, 613— The Grenoble— Newly furnished
rooms, $S up: suites, $15 up; Wellsbach lights.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 695— Fine suite, $18; also large front
room, $15; single, $6.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission-Select family
rooming house; $160 to $6 per week. .
HARRISON. 784V4, nr. 4th— Finely furnished
sunny rms.; all conv'cs; quiet home; $1 wk.
ROOMS TO LET— Con tinned.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms from $1 week up; also
housekeeping and transients.
JESSIE, 162, near Palace— Nicely furnished
sunny double room. $1 50; single, $1.
JESSIE, 315V4, near Fourth— Several furnished
rooms in private family; newly furnished;
rent reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 635— Furnished rooms; centrally
located; private family.
MISSION, 1316 — Neatly furnished double rooms;
also 2 others unfurnished; sunny; adults pfd.
O'FARRELL. 20— bunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
POST, 52:.— Single room for lady or gentleman;
cheap; call before 11 a. m. or after 5 p. m.
POWELL. 15, adjoining the Columbia Theater—
W.'ll-furnished quiet rooms; day, week or
month.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2* Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 112— Nicely furnished sunny suites;
also sunny single rooms; from $2 to $5 a week.
THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth St.. near Markel-
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THIRD, 119 (The Oaks) New first-class up-to-
date rooming house; is now open.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
BARTLETT, 102, corner 22d— Front sunny bay-
window room, running water, with board.
ELLIS, 618 — Board and room with running
Water; for 2. $16 each.
GEARY. 721 — Handsomely furnished rooms In
private family; good board: reasonable; rets.
U'KAKRDI.L. Til 1 F'!en.-ant sunny ro 018; good
home cooking; single. $25; double, $20.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldi rf). facing Union j
sq.— Furnished suites and single rooms; In
business locality for table boarders.
THE Longworth. 522 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished: single rms.; table b r >ard.
1 OR - children to board, and room for par-
ents. 4?H Minna St.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home for children, $S; infants, $10 p^r
mo 210 Lexinston avp.. near Nineteenth st
RESTAIRANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and re*;au-
rant. 44-58-68 Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners, 26c; also .-i la carte; tel. Red 8851.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st.; popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
3 NEW stores with 2 rooms back of each, cor-
ner Seventh and Minna sts. by JOHN
PFORR. Agent, 403 Pine St.
SIXTH. f.3s Store and 3 rooms; large yard;
rear entrance; rent $10.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
UEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. IOTi I - Market st.. S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, and speedy cure for all female
diseases: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case tefore going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home fur patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5. No in-
struments used; satisfaction euaranleed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER,
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
pills, 510 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Lcrkin; of-
fice hours. 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to b; Sun-
.days, 4 to 8 p. m.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all ,
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cauFe). safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when otherE have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day: no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 6 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
R0 years' practice; snfe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irresrularlty; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRP. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1: very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed curp at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential:
home for patients; comfort and privacy
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medicaj sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman hpr own physician, no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once: safe; cal! on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free; ladles' phvsiclan, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 818 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irrpitulnri-
tles. from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be u^ed at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023^ Market st
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-76" Clay st., Pan Fran-
cisco: all diseases cured exclusively by t "hi -
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 40(1 Clay
•• t. ; $1 SO. Send 2c stamp for rlrculnrs to Se-
suro Mfg. Co., 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPSAtT'S Frenrh pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50,
expressed C O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; reli-
able, safe, sure: maternity home; no instru-
ments: consultation free, confidential: home
treatment. $'. DRP. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness.
MRS. DR. WEOENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye.;
private home in confinement.
DR. nnd Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money baek;sS up.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
pascp of the humnn body. 11* Mason st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; pjices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for f3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Kts,, San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
I'IANO, furniture, billiard table, etc.; must be
SOld P. D. Q. DAVIS, 1111 Market et., near
Seventh, Odd Fellows' building.
FOR pale— Upright Steinway piano in good or-
der; also Caligraph typewriter No. 3. 1900
Vallejo ft.
AT f. 17 McAllister a family must sell $i>iO up-
right regardless of cost.
OUR specialty Is renting new pianos; $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
A FINE piano for practice, $50. Room 12, Flood
bulldlnc. Fourth and Market Kts.
$55^ELEGANT piano for sale on $5 InstalN
ments; cost $400. Call 1115 Post st.
R. A . DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS, *69 up; installments, $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
A NEW Chlckering and 3 Steinways. Keeffe's,
1019 Van Ness, nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 706.
BARGAINS Another Ms lot pianos p'U on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis planoß.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
PHYSICIANS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence^
102114 Market St., bet. 6ta and 7tn.
LUICATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics,
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches,, etc.; life
scholarship. $?0; low rates per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 60, Flood build-
ing, S. H. TARR, Principal; pupils fitted
for all office work; course in bookkeeping;
rapid calculations unequaled; short tirre.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.: day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; corresponde'i-e.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
spei laity, miss jean huddy. 6a Hjde.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 30" Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
DEWEY Navigation and Trading Company
will dispatch their first vessel on or about
June 10, 1599, for St. Michael, Cape Nome and
Kotzebue Sound. Contracts for passengers
and freight must be made wJth the general
office; no outside agents. For particulars
apply to CHAS. F. BLANDIN. President. 10
California St.. room 5.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 27. 1599-Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until 12 o'clock m.. Monday, June 26, 1899. and
then opened, for furnishing, during fiscal year
ending June 30, 1900, oats and hay, to be deliv-
ered on board of vessels at wharves in San
Francisco, CaL, for shipment to Honolulu, H.
I. Government reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids or any part thereof. Pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion, conditions of price and quality (includ-
ing in the price of foreign productions the
duty thereon) being equal, and such prefer-
ence given to articles of American production
produced on the Pacific Coaot, to extent of
consumption required by the public service
there. AH information furnished on applica-
tion to undersigned. Envelopes containing
bids to he indorsed "Proposals for
ut Sun Francisco, Cal.," and addressed to J.
jr. MARSHALL, Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
eral, V. S. A., Chief yuartermaster.
IMPROVEMENT of San Luis Oblspo harbor.
Cal.— United states Engineer's office, Laugh-
lin building. Los Angeles. Cal.. May 27. 1899.
Sealed proposals for continuing construction
of breakwater at pan Luis Obispo harbor,
Cal., will he received here until 11 a. m..
June 27, 1599. and then publicly opened. In-
formation furnished on application. JAMES
J. MKYLKJt, Captain Engineers.
PROPOSALS for Supplies of Hardware, Drugs,
Lumber, etc., for Fire Department.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, May 23, 1699.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2633
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, June 5, 1599, from
2:30 to 3 o'clock, for furnishing supplies for
use of the Fire Department, from July 1,
1M. I ., to June 30, 1901. in accordance with
schedule, embracing drugs, ironwork, hard-
ware, general supplies, paints, paint brushes,
oils and lumber, prepared by the Committee
on Fire Department of the Board of Supervis-
ors, on file In this office, copies of which may
be obtained at the office of the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, on second floor, City
Hall.
NOTlCE— Bidders will estimate separately
for each article enumerated, as per denomi-
nation, with the distinct understanding that
the lowest and best bid for each article re-
quired will be accepted, and that in every In-
stance no bid except from persons or firms
who are regular recognized dealers in the
articles enumerated and bid upon will be re-
ceived. Also, all articles and supplies shall
be of the same kind, quality and texture as
per samples kept and stored in the Corpora-
tion Yurd of the Fire Department, at No. 50
Sacramento street. Also the right Is reserved
that the Chief Engineer of the Fire Depart-
ment, by and with the consent of the Com-
mittee on Fire Department of the Board of
Supervisors, shall have power to purchase
any or all of the supplies required, at the
market rates, at the expense of the party
ti whom any contract may be awarded to
furnish the same. if. upon the requisition of
the officers named, the party falls or omits
to furnish the quantity or quality of the sup-
plies designated, which, under contract, he
may be required to furnish. Also, all articles
and supplies furnished to be subject to the
approval of the Chief Engineer of the Fire
Department, the Board of Fire Commission-
ers and the Committee on Fire Department of
the Board of Supervisors, whose decision shall
be final and conclusive as to the reception
or rejection of any or all of the articles or
bupplies offered.
The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be re-
quired, prior to or at the time of the execu-
tlrn of said contracts, to pay the coßt of ad-
vertising this notice in three daily news-
papers, and each successful bidder to also
pay the cost of the publication in the offi-
cial newspaper of the Resolution awarding
him his contract. Each article awarded to
be charged with its pro rata of the cost of
advertising this notice.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the Committee, and a certified
check on some bank in the City and County
of San Francisco for the sum of five hundred
<$500) dollars, In favor of and made payable
to the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
must be deposited by the bidder, with his
bid, conditioned if the proposal Is accepted
and the contract awarded; and if the bidder
shall fail or neglect to pay the printing
charges, execute the contract and give the
bond required within six days after the
award is made, then and In that case the
said sum shall be paid Into the City and
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserve? the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS.
STATE PRISON SUPPLIES.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received at
the office of the Clerk at State Prison, SAN
QUENTIN, until 10:30 a. m. SATURDAY,
10TH DAY OF JUNE. 1899,
And at the office of the Clerk at State Prison',
FOLSOM, until 9:30 a. m. SATURDAY,
17TH DAY OF JUNE. 1899.
At which times and places they will be
opened in presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, con-
Flstlng of subsistence stores, forage, fuel,
clothing, medicines, lime, cement and other
staple supplies, from July 1, 1599. to June SO,
1900. inclusive, on conditions as per printed
Schedule, which will be furnished upon ap-
plication at either of the above offices.
No bid will be considered unless made upon
said schedules, nor unless accompanied by
the certified check therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona flip dealers in
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his hid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount, payable to R. M. Fitz-
gerald, President of the Board, of his bid,
conditioned that the bidder will enter into a
contract upon notice of acceptance as re-
quired by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rately. All payment? made on contracts will
be paid In cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules.
The Board reserves the right tp reject any
or all bids as the public Interest may re-
quire, and to order any quantity over or under
amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President.
J. V. ELLIS. Clerk.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. April 29. IS99— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, ur.til 11 o'clock
a. m., Monday. May 29. 1599, and then cpened,
for furnishing, during fiscal year commencing
July 1. 1599. forage and straw for San Diego
Barracks, Cal.; also at tame time, at this
office only, for forage and straw for Alcatraz
Island. Angel Island, Fort Baker. Benicla
Barracks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Fran-
cisco, and Ran Francisco. Cal. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
bids, or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of American production, conditions
of price and quality (Including in the price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, nnd such preference given to articles
of American production produced on the Pa-
cific Coast, to extent of consumption required
by the public service there. All information
furnished on application to Quartermaster at
San Diego Barracks or to undersigned. En-
velopes containing bids to b indorsed "Pro-
posals for Forage nnd Straw," and addressed
to said Quartermaster, or to J. M. MAR-
SHALL. Deputy Quartermaster General. U.
8. A.. Chief Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS—
Proposals for Hardware, plumbers' mate-
rials, lumber, paints, oils, etc., furniture,
fuel, stovepipe, stationery. library books.
physical, chemical and other apparatus and
supplies, printing, lithographing, etc.— Sealed
proposals will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common Schools in open session
of the Board of Education, on Wednesday,
May 31. 1899, at S:3O o'clock p. m.. for fur-
nishing the School Department of this city
and county during the fiscal year 1890-lyfO
with hardware, plumbers' materials, lumber,
paints, oils, etc., furniture, fuel, stovepipe,
stationery, library books, etc., and for do-
Ing the printing and lithographing required
during the said fiscal year, in accordance
with specifications at the office of the Board
of Education. City Hall.
The parties to whom contracts are award-
ed will he required, prior to or at the time
of execution of the contracts, to pay their
proportion of the cost of advertising.
J. A. SIMPSON, Secretary.
U. S. ENGINEER office. Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal., April 27. IS99— Sealed pro-
posals for dredging in Humboldt Bay. Cal.,
will be received here until 12 o'clock, noon,
May 29, 1^99. Information furnished on appli-
cation. W. H. HEUER, Major Engineers.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Sprockets bldg.. 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done en the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates: cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong: much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
.$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 i 'Kartell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings, 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAX VROOM— Painless dentistry; guarantee 10
years; lowest prices; 10 operators; no stu-
dents: painless extraction by electricity. 997
Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, S Mason St.. corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist. 969 Mission St., corner
Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 830 Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
CIT» UK\I X.STATE.
$2500— NEW modern 6-room cottace. with all
the latest conveniences; $400 cash, balance $25
monthly; lot 25x125; near corner Twentieth
and Castro sts. F. NELSON, Builder.
$3600— HOUSE, 11 rooms, 2 baths, in 3 flats, in
good repair; newly painted; on Leavenworth
st. Apply to 926 Washington St.
HOUSE for sale — To be removed; good 2-story
house of 9 rooms. 1918 Franklin St., bet. Clay
and Washington; suitable for 25-foot lot; keys
at our office. THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, 5
Montgomery st.
$3000 CASH— Reduced from $4500; 50-foot lot;
northwest corner of Twenty-third and Dolores
sts.; 2-story building, store and flat; a big
buy; will sell at above figure if sold within
; 10 days. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, owner, 454
Ninth St., Oakland.
I IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Pjirk,
west of First aye., and you wish to sell,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st. j
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
$4000— HOUSE for sale; 37 Moss St., between
Sixth and Seventh; lot 25x75: next to cor; good
condition; new brick foundation; rent $40.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale, Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowlchan Lake, Van-
couver ' .and; unexcelled salmor. and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to JAS. ROBERTSON. Duncans, Van-
couver Island.
$900— PART cash; chicken ranch of 7 acres; on
main road from Petaluma; level land; every-
thing complete; growing crop and several
hundred white leghorn pullets; a bargain on
account of other business. For further par-
ticulars address P. O. box 16, Cotatl, Sonoma
County, Cal.
NEW rich land near city: small and large
tracts: JUSO acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE I
COCATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
WANTED— S or more acres, suitable for poul-
try in exchange for cash and new mdse.; write
full description. Box 610, Call office. ■ i :-■;■.
$5 TO $30 and acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta CoiiT'tv, Cal.
j FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PROPERTY WANTED.
COTTAGE and lot. $1500: quick. J. J. EVANS,
Real Estate Agent. 630 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South H.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
I HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
I tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew- ;
j elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BOXELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell et.
j REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
undiv'd int'tf", etc. Harper & Krelger, 312 Ex-
aminer building.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY", 692 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission, private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY WANTED.
RESPONSIBLE party wants $1500; l year, 10
per cent; person worth $150,000 will Indorse.
Box 763. Call office. "-••>
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MAGNIFICENT new house; modern; up to
date; 9 rooms: lot 50x200; 2 blocks from San
Francisco local; all sunny, nice rooms; price
reduced to $3500 last week; photo In office.
Address owner, E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway,
Oakland.
HOUSES to let: send for a list: also sale bar-
pains F E. BUNCE. SOS Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE Foil SALfi.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture d»ale-- nth **•* Franklin. OnkUtri.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMI'IM KRAI, KSTATK.
$1500 — NICE modern cottage; 5 rooms; your own
plan: on lot 33x100: $300 cash: $20 per month,
J. H. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park st.
THE finest water front property in Alameda for
sale nt a great bargain. E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park st. - - -> ■■
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND UOAItl).
HOME for ladles in delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS FUNKE. 1416 Bth it.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JUST the place you have been looking for.
You have been wanting to raise chickens;
here Is your opportunity; I have a very fine
corner lot, 200x140, with a fine house of 7
rooms', in perfect order: electric cars pass
the property; only 5 minutes to R. R. station:
a fine orchard, chicken houses, etc.: to be sold
for less than the improvements. cost. JOSEPH
J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley station.
ONLY $1600 for a very desirable 6-room house
and lot: handy to electric and local station.
O. Q. MAY & CO., Berkeley.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Hollls M. Bailey and Grace O. .Wlngard... 33-30
Frank B. Kent and Florence J. Cameron 27-19
David M. Coney and Tillie B. Nordman. ...24-21
Henry A. Stelllng and Emma A. C. Prange.24-24
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ARMBRUSTER— In this city, May 19. 1899, to
the wife of Rudle H. Armbruster. a son.
_______ _
MARRIED.
RICHARDS— DUFUR— In this city, May 25,
1899. by the Rev. Jons A. B. Wilson. D.D..
Alexander Orr Richards of Santa Cruz and
Mrs. Elizabeth Dufur of Oakland. \ .
DIED. ~ ~~~
Andrews. Sarah Hathaway, Charles
Cheyne, Robert Jota, Ahikanoshike
Craig, Catherine Kelly, Michael
Dean. Albert P. Lee. Mrs. Hannah B.
Deekelman, Frank E. Lewkcwitz. Jacob
I>ewey, A. T. McFarland, Mr.
Driefer. Adolph D. J. Matthiesen. Matthias
Finn. Harriet Orr. James H.
Garbarino. Antonio Rideout, Capt. J. R.
Gustin. James W. Russell. Lewis B.
Hall. John J. Sargent. Thomas F.
Hanley, George W. Walsh. Joseph A.
Harfst, Marie A. Wright, Annie
ANDREWS— In Alameda. May 25. 1899, Sarah,
beloved wife of Richard Andrews, and mother
of Mrs. Edwin Pearson, Mrs. C. R. Xolte
and R. H. Andrews, a native of Weymouth,
England, aged 70 years and 8 months.
E^Frlend.o and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 2517 Clement avenue. Ala-
nieda. Interment Masonic Cemetery, San
Francisco.
CHEY.VE-In this city. May 24, 1899, Robert,
dearly beloved husband of "Josephine Cheyne,
a native O f Scotland, aged S2 years.
C .'"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), a 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Klghth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CRAIG— In this city. May 26. 1599, Catherine,
beloved wife of the late John Craig, and
dearly beloved mother of Jennie. Henry and
Edward J. Craig. Mrs. James O'Day and Mrs.
Edward McDonnell, a native of County Tip-
perary, Ireland, aged 65 years. A member
of the Third Order of St. Francis.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Army street, between Fol.-.om and
Shotwell, thence to St. Peter's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DEAN— In this city. May 26, 1899. Albert Pit-
man, beloved son of Simeon and the late Clara
Dean, and brother of Mrs. Frank Finch. Miss
Ce!lna Dean and William A., Stephen J. and
Corbett G. Dean, a native of Newfoundland,
aged 19 years and 9 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2008 Larkin street, near Broadway. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
DECKELMAN— At Cavite, Manila. P. 1.. Au-
gust 29, ioqs. Frank E.. beloved son of F. and
A. Deckelman. and brother of Albert and
Richard Deekelman, late member of the Hos-
pital Corps, First Regiment, California Vol-
unteers, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years 10 months d 26 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Howard
Presbyterian Church, corner Oak and Baker
streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DEWEY —In Oakland, May 24. 1899, A. T.
Dewey, a native of Westfleld, Mass., aged 63
years and 20 days.
E?"The funeral will take place under the
auspices of Keystone Lodge No. 64, A. O. U.
W., from Giers' Hall. Fourteenth street, be-
tween Clay and Washington, to-morrow (Sun-
day at 2 o'clock. Members of A. O. U. W.
will meet at A. O. U. W. Hall at 1:30 o'clock.
J. J. O'TOOLE. M. W.
ROBERT BENDLE, Recorder.
DRIEFER— In this city. May 23. 1899, Adolph
D. J., dearly beloved husband of Amalie Drie-
fer, and brother of Oscar Driefer, a native of
Copenhagen, Denmark, aged 40 years and 20
days. Member of Germania Stamm No. 83.
U. O. R. M.; Court Golden West No. 20. F.
of A.; Metamora Stamm No. 4, Pocahontas
Tochter.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street, thence to Masonic Temple, where the
services will be held commencing at 2 o'clock,
under the auspices of Crockett Lodge No.
139, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
FINN— In this city. May 26, 1899. Harriet, be-
loved wife of John Finn, a native of Eng-
land, aged 44 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May 29. 1899. at 1 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence. 424 Linden avenue. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
GARBARIXO— In this city, May 26, 1599. An-
tonio Garbarino, beloved father of Mrs. G.
Adamina, Michael L., John and Louis V.
Garbarino and the late Mrs. M. Steffanazzl,
a native of Italy, aged 75 years 7 months and
26 days.
GUSTIN— In the City and County Hospital.
May 26. 1599, James William Gustin, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 27 years.
HALL— In this city. May 25, 1899, John J.
Hall, a native of Oregon, aged 36 years.
HANLEY— In this city. May 26, 1899, Georg*
W., beloved husband of Mary Hanley, and
father of David. Leonard and George Han-
ley, Emma Niblock, May Hanley and Mrs.
Charlotte Kummer, a native of New Hamp-
shire, aged 71 years 1 month and 24 days.
HARFST— In Oakland. May 26, 1599, Marie A..
beloved wife of Hermann Harfst. and sister
of William Mueller, a native of Baden. Ger-
many, aged 56 years 4 months and 16 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Henry Evers, 86S Washington street, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
HATHAWAY— At his home in San Lorenzo,
Alameda County, of apoplexy, Charles W.
Hathaway, a native of Freetown, Mass., aged
78 years 1 month and IS days.
E7"Funeral services will be held this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence. Interment private, in Laurel Hill
Cemetery. San Francisco.
JOTA— the City and County Hospital. May
26, 1899. Ahikanoshike Jota, a native of Japan,
aged 20 years.
KELLY— In this city. May 25. 1899. Michael
Kelly, uncle of Patrick and John Kelly and
Herbert, Delta, Annie and Edward Keighary,
a. native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
59 years.
LEE— In Alameda. May 26. 1899, at the home
of her daughter. Mrs. E. L. Crozer, 1425 High
street, Mrs. Hannah E. Lee. widow of the
late William S. Lee, for a long time resid-
ing on Bay Farm Island, a native of New
York, aged 59 years 4 months and 6 days.
(Newburgh and Orange County, New York,
papers please copy.)
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from, the Free
Methodist Church, Pine street. Interment
private.
LEWKOWITZ— In this city. May 25. 1899, Jacob
Lewkowitz, beloved brother of Joseph, Isi-
dor and Abraham Lewkowitz, a native of
Kempen, Prussia, aged 63 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from Tnai B'rlth
Hall, 121 Eddy street. Members of Pacific
Lodge No. 48, I. O. B. 8., are Invited to at-
tend.
McFARLAND— In San Mateo. May 26, 1899,
Mr. McFarland, a native of Maine, aeed 73
years and 6 months.
MATTHIESEN— In this city. May 26, 1599,
Matthias, dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garethe Matthiesen. father of Andreas, Herr-
man and Dora Matthiesen, ! and brother of
Hans Matthiesen of Livermore and Mrs. Peter
Wrage of San Jose, a native of Husem. Bchles-
wig-Holstein, Germany, aged 50 years and 22
days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Union-square
Hall, 421 Post street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the Ger-
mania Club. Remains at the parlors of H. F.
Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
ORR— In this city. May 25, 1899, James H.. be-
loved son of Elizabeth and the late James
Orr. a native of New York.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2104 Howard street, .thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, comm-
encing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guererro streets.
RIDEOUT— In Sausalito, May 25, 1599, Captain
J. R. Rldeout, a native of Maine, aged 72
years.
C Friends and relatives are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral services at the
residence, Sausallto, this day (Saturday), at
10:30 o'clock.
RUSSELL— In this city. May 28. 1899, Lewis
Berton, eldest and dearly beloved son of
George and Jessie Russell, and brother of
Harvey Russell, a native of San Francisco,
| aged 1 year and 10 months.
i SARGENT— In Manila. Philippine Islands. Au-
gust 17, IS9B, Thomas F.. beloved son of the
late Mary A. Sargent, brother of William T.
Sargent, and nephew of Ellen and Katie E.
Leary, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
, ' years 1 month and 4 days.
* (ti?"Friend.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy * Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Patrick's
I Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
W \LSH— In Pan Jose, Cal. May 23. 1899. Jo-
seph A., beloved son of Minnie E. and the
late Walter J. Walsh, a native of San Fran-
cis, aged 2 years 2 months and 22 days.
WRIGHT— In this city. May 26. 1899. Annie,
beloved wife of the late Robert F. Wright,
and mother of Mrs. Peter Callahan. Mrs.
James Early. Mrs. James Hogan and Katie
and John W. Wright, a native of County
Galway. Ireland, aged 65 years.
d3TFr!end9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully, Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock; from her late resi-
dence. 218 Moulton street, between Lombard
and Greenwich, off Fillmore, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, corner Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
hEISRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUAJL.MKB*
10 Fifth st.. opposite Uaoolß dcAo^
Ttl*i>hoo« BouVa ML
1112
HERRIN WAS CALLED
DOWN AT HIS OWN GAME
Mystery of His Action in the Grain
Cases Dispelled.
Edson Gave Away a Plan Hatched by the
State's Attorneys and the Railroad
Was Forced to Quit.
THE mystery that has surrounded
the sudden application of the
S>mhern Pacific Company to
Judge Morrow for a dismissal of
the "grain rate cases" and a dis-
BOlution of the injunction against the
f- per cent rate was dispelled yesterday
vhen the tacts contributing to Mr.
Huntington's sudden action became
public.
Mr. Huntington's motion was made
solely for the purpo?.- of preventing
him and his hirelings on the Board of
Railroad Commissioners plunging into
b pitfall that had been cleverly dug in
The sinuous path they were treading
by the attorneys who have been acting
for the Slat.- in resisting the railroad's
attempt to evade the costs and penal
ties that would accrue when the suits
Bh mid be dismissed. It was a scheme
to entrap the Southern Pacific's presi
dent that would have required all of
the "higher education" that Mr. Herrin
could have mustered to defeat had it
I ■ cii that the whole plan was given
away by an inadvertence of Commis
sioner Edson, who, being the one mem
ber on the board who has stood for the
people and his principles, was perforce,
a party to it. As it was Mr. Herrin'a
higher education did the business.
Ever since Commissioner Klaekstock
unveiled the railroads scheme to un
load the costs of the grain rate cases
on the State by introducing Vis resolu
tion the attorneys for the State — Attor
ney General Ford and Attorneys Foote
and Hayne, special counsel for the
commonwealth — have been casting
fib ut for some plan whereby the rail
road's intentions might be circum
vented. They hit upon one when Black
stock, in an open meeting of the board,
asserted that in his opinion no business
• ■"Uld be done until the injunctions
dissolved and the cases dismissed,
even if th>- State had to do it. The mi
d, tied the hands <>f the
board and no new schedule of freight
could be adopted until it had been
dissolved.
That tip was all that Mr. Poote
wanted, and calling in Judge Hayne
they decided to appear before the court
and apply, themselves, and in good
faith, to have the injunction dissolved,
but to demand that the suits should be
maintained. Commissioner Edson was
i in and acquainted with the plan
■ lily assented to it.
Tt was arranged that he should go
before Judge Morrow in his official ca
pacity and present affidavits from dif
ferent grain shippers that the injunc
tJcu was no longer a saving agent to
the State, for the reason that the rail
road had be<?n compelled to grant an
even greater reduction than S per cent
by force of competition. He was to
;ikU the court for a 'dissolution of the
injunction, but at the same time was
to make strong objection to a disrrris
9Jil of the suits, upon the ground that
(here were other and more vital ques
lions involved than that of grain rates.
H" was also to demonstrate to the
■mi that the only thing that ham
i the commission in the discharge
its duties was the enjoining order
nd that the dismif-al of the suits was
unnecessary. He was to be followed by
the two attorneys, who would make the
formal motion, based upon his repre
ss i n.tions. Being the only motion be
fore the court, and in line with its
policy, as indicated by Judge Morrow
jf Baking Powder is con-
siderable. Royal is eco-
nomical, because it possesses more leavening
power and goes further.
Royal saves also be-
cause it always makes
fine, light, sweet food; There is no
& ' baking
never wastes good flour, powder so
butter and eggs. economical
More important still in Poetical
,i i t,i use, no
is the saving in health. ' .
o matter how
Royal Baking Powder # #We others
adds anti-dyspeptic qual- may cost,
ities to the food. as the R °y a/
Alum baking powders are harmful
and make the food bitter.
ROYAL BAKINQ POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
when he so severely censured the com
mission for applying for dismissal on
behalf of the plaintiffs, there was small
doubt that the motion would be
granted.
Blackstock's declaration that the
hindrance of the injunction was his
reason for moving to dismiss the
suits was nothing more nor less than
;i mask to hide the crafty scheme be
hind it. It was not a question of get
ting to work, but of absolving Mr.
Huntington from tr-> costs of the cases
he had brought and the penalties that
might accrue that actuated his two
hirelings on the commission, and the
fact was plain to any one who cared to
see it.
If the plan of the two attorneys had
succeeded Messrs. Huntingdon, Black
stock and Laumeister would have
found the alleged obstacle removed
from the path of their duty, but with
the cases and the menace they carried
still staring them in the face they
would either have had to go to work
or expose the whole crooked scheme by
making separate application for a dis
missal of the suits. It was a nice dish
of ennv Foote and Hayne had cooked
up for Mr. Huntington and his own,
and thei- might have had the eating of
it but for a slip made by Eds<..n. Armed
with the necessary affidavits he was
told to quietly slide over to Oakland
and wait for the next morning to come
round when he could make his initial
appearance in court. He was warned
to say nothing to nrv ope and particu
larly to beware of his private attorney.
Mr. Edson went to Oakland, but he
disregarded the second half of the in
junction and called upon Morris M.
Estee, his attorney, for advice. To Mr.
Estee he outlined the scheme in all its
elaborate details and discussed it with
him for as much as an hour. Whether
or not Mr. Estee advised him is a mat
ter of inconsiderable importance, but
the fact stands out that within an hour
the whole proposition was ] wn in
the offices of Mr. Herrin an>l a plan to
beat It was already hatching.
As a result, the next morning Attor
ney Plllsbury, Mr. Herrin's associate,
appeared before Judge Morrow without
having given previous notice and moved.
on behalf of the railroad company, for
a dismissal. As Mr. Plllsbury repre
sented, the plaintiff had every right to
dismiss his <i\vn suit, Judge Morrow
granted his request without question,
and the well contrived scheme of the
State fell to the ground.
The only matter left to be settled af
ter the railroad's motion had been
granted was the costs of the suits, and
even in his defeat Mr. Herrin did not
overlook a chance to save his company
from being assessed. Although the mo
tion made by Mr. Pillsbury was for an
absolute dismissal, and made, on be
half of the railroad company, the print
ed application he handed up to the clerk
of the court stated that the plaintiff
did not make the motion, but merely
consented to the motion previously
made by the Railroad Commissioners
on behalf of the State, it was a brazen
scheme to deceive the court and falsify
the records, but it was promptly called
down by the State's counsel and will
have no effect when the court shall
finally fix the costs.
Game Birds From New Jersey.
The State Fish Commissioners yester
day received 100 English ring-necked
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1890.
pheasants from New Jersey which will he
immediately distributed for propagation
purposes in a number of counties of the
State. The birds are to be turnea loose
in Santa Barbara, Mariposa, Placer, El
Dorado, Calaveras, Santa Clara and
Humboldt counties. It Is believed that
this kind of game bird will do well in this
State, as they have proved to be very
hardy in even more rigorous climates.
They are protected by State laws and the
Commissioners have had assurance that
the laws will be enforced in the counties
where the birds are liberated.
DIED OF FEVER WHILE
SERVING AT MANILA
BODY OF T. F. SARGENT CAME
HOME ON THE SHERIDAN.
Among the bodies brought back from
Mnnila on the transport Sheridan was
that of Thomas F. Sargent, United States
Hospital Corps, who died in Manila on
August 7, 1898.
Mr. Sargent was a prominent young
man in San Francisco, who had many
friends. He was born in this city and
received his education in the public
schools, graduating at the head of the
class of 1592 and being awarded the Den
man medal. Early in life he evinced great
literary talent and was a prominent mem
ber of several literary and social socie
ties, notably the Athenaeum and Lltera
tium. In the essay contest given by The
Call in 1592 Mr. Sargent won first prize,
the subject of his essay being "Colum
bua." lie often distinguished himself as a
reciter, and many times did the large
halls of this city resound with the echoes
of his masterpiece, "Sparticus' Address
to the Roman Gladiators."
Upon joining the army he was assigned
to the Hospital Corps and detailed as
clerk of Captain Keefer, surgeon of the
Third Artillery. He took sick within a
few days after landing at Cavlte and died
soon after of malignant typhoid fever.
When hostilities with Spain commenced
he had just been appointed to a position
in the United States postal service, hav
ing successfully passed the civil service
examinations; but the thought that he
could better serve his country in other
channels caused him to resign his appoint
ment and go forth to defend the banner of
liberty that he loved and. like many an
other hero, to die, his young life sacri
ficed-on the altar of his country.
Sargent's father fought in the War of
the Rebellion and his brother William
was in the campaign in Cuba with the
Arizona Territorial Regiment.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
morning from the undertaking parlors of
McAvoy & Co., Market street, near Ninth.
An escort detailed from tl*> Hospital ;
Corps will follow the body to St. Pat
rick's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment. Holy Cross Cemetery.
IN POLITICAL HARNESS.
Citizens Organizing Clubs With a
View of Purifying the
Municipality.
Somewhat of an innovation in the polit
ical atmosphere is being carried on just
now by the organization of clubs of men
who have affiliated with improvement
clubs up to the present time. Among .lie
clubs organized for political purposes
having in view the production of new ami
better material are:
The Democrats of the Thirty-second
A.->. mbly District, who have just set a
club In motkm by holding a meeting at
959 Bryant street a few evenings ago. At
the organization of this club for better
material the following were elected ofli
cers: Frank Lester, president; Harry
O'Donnell, secretary; John Ryan, vice
president; John Hayden, treasurer, and
James Hamilton, sergeant at arms.. At
the next meeting, which will be held on
next Tuesday at the same place, further
steps will be taken to add other names to
the list of the seventy-five who have al
ready placed their names on the roll lor
good government.
The Republicans, not to be outdone by
their antagonist, have sour Into political*
harness also. The improvement-politico
organization at the west Bide of Castro
street have organized a dub for that por
tion of the city, with the following result:
John Mecredy, president; George B. I>ang,
vice president; C. E. Osgood, secretary;
Samuel Wiedenthal, treasurer, and N. A.
Beck, sergeant at arms.
A federation of Republican clubs was
also organized, with the following offi
cers: President, H. E. Griffith; vice pres
ident. A. C. Brown; secretary, J. Boost;
treasurer, C. K. Osgood, and Joseph Mao
. sergeant at arms. The further en
rollment of members for this organiza
tion will be had on next Wednesday at
Fairmount Hall.
A similar organization of federation of
sts was organized by the Democrats
at 708 Douglas street on Thursday even
ing, at which E. I. Coffee was elected
president A committee with executive
power was appointed, consisting of A. S
Lillie, Captain Anderson, Major B. Mc-
Kinne, James Connors. Robert O'Neill, L,.
Ci. ("lark and J. W. Nixon.
This organization is known as the broad
gauge track, as it will admit all reputable
citizens to membership within its fold,
provided th> y be for gnod government and
for an early and sudden demise of all
"bosses" of the Kelly ~nd Crimmins
breed, who live off "rake-offs" from un
fortunate political worms.
About fifty members of the Thirty
fourth Assembly District met last night
in Harmony Hall, corner of Brie and Mjs
stof, streets, and effected a temporary or
ganization of a Republican club. James
\V. Bounty was elected temporary chair
man. J. E. Johnson temporary secretary
and A. H. Menne, S. J. Hurst. J. Miller,
J. E. Johnson and E. W. Wall were ap
pointed a committee on permanent organi
zation. State Senator S. \Y. Burnett ad
dressed the meeting. It adjourned until
Friday evening next at the same place.
ANOTHER VICTIM OF
THE FENDERLESS CAR
Life Crushed Out of Little Five-
Year-Old Cortis Mace.
Killed, After Being Mangled Cruelly, in
Front of His Home by a Car of the
Haywards Electric Line.
OAKLAND. May 26.— The electric
trolley car has claimed another vic
tim whose name the clerk of the
death roll can to-night Inscribe be
neath that of little Tommy Kear
ney of San Francisco.
Corlls Mace, 5-year-old son of A. F.
Mace, a widower, residing at 72 East
Twelfth street, was killed in front of his
home by car 38 of the Haywards electric
line shortly before 6 o'clock this evening.
The child had been playing on the oppo
site side of the street with other children
and in running back toward his home the
trolley car struck him. twisted the little
body beneath the ill-improvised board that
could serve only as a fender to remove a
bowlder from the track, and mangled it
into an unrecognizable mass of flesh after
dragging the body about thirty-six feet,
when a pedestrian eye-witness hailed the
motorman to "stop for God's sak>-."
The car had to back in order that the
mangled form might be reached.
The remains were immediately removed
to the child's home, where an inquest will
ho held to-morrow evening.
Motorman If. W. McLane and Conduc
tor G. F. Reinle were in charge of the
electric car, and neither profess to know
how it all happened except that "the
child must have run in front of the car."
James Fell, residing at 061 East Seven
teenth street, was an eye-witness. "Had
there been a proper fender on car 38."
said Fell, to-night, "that child would not
have been killed. I was walking near S. . -
ond avenue and paw the child run across
the street, saw the body si ruck by that
board in front and t isted and rolled up
A LEADER AMONG
THEOSOPHISTS
WILLIAM J. WALTERS.
WILLIAM J. WALTERS, who has been chosen by the Convention of
the American Section of the Theosophical Society, which has just
dosed its session in Chicago, to represent the society at the Euro-
Juan convention to be held in London next July, is a resident of this
city. Mr. Walters was a delegate to the Chicago convention from the
Golden Gate branch of San Francisco and was elected chairman by accla
mation. As a further proof of the high esteem in which he is held by his
brethren he was given the honor to be the American representative at the
coming- gathering. r
To this convention will come all the notable people Interested in thensoph
ical work throughout the world. Seven sections will be represented, in- •
eluding the American, comprising the United States and Canada, European,
Scandinavian (Swtden, Norway and Denmark), Holland, Australasian and
New Zealand.
Among the prominent theosophists who win be present are Mrs. Bosant,
president of the European section; Mrs. Cooper Oakley and Countess Wacht
meister, all of -whom were close friends of Mme. Blavatsky, foundress of the
organization, in 1887; C. W. Leadbeater, A. P. Sinnett. vice president, and
Colonel H. S. Olcott, president of the American section, and noted writers
on theosophical subjects. It is expected that over 1000 theosophlsts will at
tend the convention.
Mr. Walters, who will be an Important factor In the deliberations. Is a
ynung man 30 years of age, and is employed in a responsible capacity at the
Palace Hotel. He has been Identified with theosochical work during the
past twelve years. He is now president of Golden Gate Branch, and pre
vious to his election was its secretary for seven years. He has been editor
of the Mercury, the local organ of the American section, for five years, and
has met with gratifying success in journalistic work.
In the Chicago convention, at which over 500 delegates were represented,
Mr. Waiters read a paper on the subject, "Lotus Circle and Training Class
Work." which attracted considerable attention by reason of the intimate
knowledge of the subject matter he displayed, founded on a long and varied
experience. In addition to his other arduous labors in behalf of the cause
he finds time to perform the duties of superintendent of the Lotus Circle in
Ran Francisco, the province of which Is to educate the young people on
theosophical lines.
Mr. Walters is an Englishman by birth, but hag resided in America for
many years and Is popular among a large circle of friends, who are delighted
with his advancement.
WOULD PREVENT FRAUDS.
Members of the Iroquois Club adopted
resolutions last night regarding the forth
coming election. The resolutions, present
ed by Max Popper, ask that precincts
contain no more than 200 voters. This
number can be canvassed before midnight,
thus eliminating the danger of fraud. The
resolutions follow:
Resolved. That it is the sense of the
members of the Iroquois Club of San Fran
cisco that the precincts should not contain
more than an average of 200 votes at the
forthcoming municipal election in Novem
ber as it ta deemed inadvisable to Increase
the number of votes cast in one precinct
because of it causing a prolonged count and
relatively tends to produce inaccuracies In
the counting <>f the vote. Be It further
Resolved, That a cony of this resolution
be sent to the Honorable Board of Election
Commissioners.
Distributing Insane Patients.
A. C. Clarke, secretary of the Southern
California State Hospital at Highlands,
arrived in the city yesterday. With him
were twenty-one insane patients, ten of
whom will be sent to Stockton and eleven
to Agnews. This is done to relieve the
congested condition of the Highlands
Asylum. Mr. Clarke states that it has
accommodations for 4fiO patients and they
have been caring for 649, eighty of whom
were obliged to sleep on the floor. It is
proposed to reduce the number at High
lands as quickly as possible.
Go to Brodek's Baldwin barber shop, 226
Powell ; 6t.y for- fine -work; .: also baths. . *
in a ball and crushed beneath the car. It
all made me sick, but I yelled to the mo
torman to stop, and after the body had
been dragged thirty-six feet he stopped.
Whether the motorman saw the child try-
Ing to cross or not I can't say, but I
heard the bones crack, and afterward told
the motorman he would have to back up
so we could reach the body. It was most
horrible to behold."
Mrs. Wilson, Mr. Mace's housekeeper,
was half beside herself with grief. She
ran out into the street, frantically scream
insr and claimed the remains as one in
her charge. She states that the child had
not been out of her sight over five min
utes when she heard it scream. She was
just preparing supper and says she would
never allow the child to play in the street.
When the father, returning from his
day's work, learned of the awful deatli
of his little boy and viewed the remains,
he wept as though his heart would break.
He was unable to talk.
A careful inspection of the body by Dep
uty Coroner .T. J. Mottel proved that the
child's skull from the forehead to the
back of the head was crushed. The left
side from the armpit to the hip is burned,
the ribs on the left side are scorched,
and the right side is burned through to
the Internal organs, The elbows are
burned. The bone of the right leg is
broken between the knee and hip. and
the knee bone fractured. The jawbone
and nose are crushed.
Some tim<- ago the City Council passed
an ordinance requiring all electric cars to
be provided with suitable fenders for the
protection >>f life and limb. Nearly all
save tlm Haywards line, the Kan Pablo
avenue line, and the Telegraph avenue
linp. In which Huntingdon is interested,
have complied.
Missionites Are Aggressive.
The Mission people are indignant over
the action of the Supervisors in favor
ably considering the proposition of the
Southern Pacific Company to put down a
double railway track along the Mission
belt through the very center of the city.
To give vent to these indignities the
Federated Mission Improvement Clubs
will hold a meeting at Fairmount Hall
Chenery and Miguel streets, to-night at
which prominent speakers will be present
to denounce the newest railroad grab.
Following this meeting will be another
at Mangels' Hall on Folsom and Twenty
fourth streets to-morrow at 2 o'clock in
the aftornoon. This will be in the nature
of a mass meeting, at which all citizen^
are cordially invited to attend.
Town Talk.
The best rartoon that has graced a local
weekly in an age is "They Were All of the
Tom Family," that illustrates one of the
court reporter's pood stories in to-day's
Town Talk. There are some excellent edi
torials in this number, btief comments
upon events of late occurrence at home
and abroad. The critique upon "The
Moth and the Flame" is remarkably in
teresting:, and as a whole the dramatic
department is more than usually
readable this week. The Saunteror has
stories upon Jimmy Swinnerton, "Neally"
O'Sullivan and others, and tells about the
most photographed woman in society.
Plays that have perished, though worthy
of life, is another topic touched upon by
the Saunterer. The usual interesting mu
sical reviews, stories, verses, jokelets and
clever miscellany make up the number. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. I
1
1 Stark's orchestra to=day )
) Ferdinand Stark and his . famous orchestra leave San i
• . Francisco shortly. Only three more concerts after to-day. J
Hale's retain his services up to the day of his departure. T
)The program to-day as follows : |^
l-March. "Thoroughbred" Fahrbach Jf
>2_Overture, "Czar and Carpenter' ■•■ L ° rU!r :S I
3— "Toreadore et Andalouse" KUDinst»:n *
4— Waltz, "Don't Be Cross" AC ' H " ,
6-"La Berceuse" Gouno I 1
6— Selection. "Gypsy Bacon" •-,: r ? uss f
I 7— March. "Austrian Army" Vr^i , T""" 8
: g-Overture, "Ruy Bias"... Mendelssohn %
' »-Waltz, "Night Larks" m,h^.tlfl M
10-"Melodle in F" Ra^S?!S n /
) 11— Ragtime Melodies v aiacKie r
12— Finale ;••••• V
neckwear selling extraordinary r
)■ Broken lines on the most popular lots. Too late to re-
order too Irregular to carry. Some clean as can be, other J
\ soiled a bit, or faded (a clever stitch will hide the defect) f
/ Divided into two lots. Aisle 11. You'ii surely "strike a \.
bargain." f
LOT ONE— Ladles' and children's Irish point embroidery ■
I collars and sets; embroidery and lace collarettes and cuff sets; I
white and colored bows: fancy or plain silk or satin scarfs. \
black satin four-ln-hand ties; colored lawn and crystal silk j
V fronts. All values ranging from loc to BOc will be on Q/-» f
1 the tables at ; *^^ V >
/ LOT TWO Colored Japanese silk Admiral fronts; Japanese
silk four-in-hands; stock ties, trimmed with lace and silk; f
collarettes with lace and silk pleating: black liberty silk col- f
)larettes with ribbon ends: pleated and striped and plain collars >x
and fronts: embroidery and lace boleros; pique boleros All |.
values ranging from 75c to $1, will be closed out^Op 1
at uv [
) gloves— ribbons— handkerchiefs N
Hale's great dollar glove. Some new ribbons especially /
: priced. A maker's loss in handkerchiefs. 1
Hale's famous 2-clasp glove, $1; a 2-clasD walking glove 1
k. with silk-stitched back: quirked finger to prevent ripping; guar- f
\ anteed and fitted; cleaned and mended as many times as you 6
1 wish free of charge. This Is the clove that makes C| X
" Hale's gloves famous Fair. *P * J
A new lot of fancy ribbon. 450 yards; an all-silk taffeta T
) ribbon, stripes and plaids, 3 Inches wide; also 5-inch quality,
with a colored bow knot printed border; very stylish OK /-», V
just now. Your pick Yard >&t»V^ J
Ladles' handkerchiefs: it costs money to buy handkerchiefs f
\ in a box- you pay for the box, not the handkerchief. /We 1
J bought a big lot In bulk, but they don't come in a box; nearly V
r — * 3000 embroidery and scalloped border or lace edge, with lace
insertion; a dainty little purchase at a saving to \f\r* w
you i • lUC S
stockings <f
) Children's hose, black, maco cotton, fast dye, narrow
ribbed, double knee, sole and heel; seamless; a 15c Q/-» J
stocking; tough as leather for knock-about wear. .Pair O'V'
Children's sltk-flnish hose, maco cotton, narrow ribbed; Ger- \
man foot; double knee; high-spliced heel; double toe; IQ/>
) a good 25c stocking; at Hale's Pair iwv 1
Ladies' fancy cotton hose, many new lines to show you in f
fancy stripes, checks, also solid colors in pink, blue, ereen. V
X tans and browns. This is a regular 50c stocking; atQS/> 1
1 Hales Pair-^OW J
new suits and child's Jackets \
I . Tailor-made suits, fly front jacket, full silk lined, skirt f
well lined with p<Tcaline: two kinds to choose from; perfect fit
> guaranteed; "up-to-the-minute" styles. p
10 suits of navy blue serge $10.00 S
9 suits of garnet covert cloth $11:. 5O %
Child's Jackets— We lower the price on a big lot of broad- \
cloth and cheviot in mixtures, blues, reds, tans: for children f
\ from 2 to 14 yearsof age;a big assortment from J>Sc to $s each. £
)from 2to 14 yearsof age; a big assortment from $>Sc to #5 each. J
millinery p
New Sailors— Short rim and high crown; all the<fi»| f\f\ £
)rape in the East; rough Jumbo braid EachtJ?«»W 'W
Canton Sailors— White navy, black or brown; a neatQßT^ 'fc
little knock-about hat for vacation Each-—
k. Have you Bern our .*5" trimmed hats? Some new models f
)Have very popular and very stylish. ; ■-' • ■■: new . models f
to-day; very popular and very Etylish.
935 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street. /
THE INDUSTRIAL
EXHIBITION TO
CLOSE TO-NIGHT
An Interesting Pro
gramme Arranged.
IT HAS BEEN A BIG SUCCESS
DENIS O'SULLIVAN WILL SING
SWEETLY THIS AFTEBNOON.
The Day Will Be Called President's
Day in Honor of the California
Club's Leader, Mrs. Lovell
White.
The Industrial Art Exhibition of the
California Club, which has been in prog
ress at Mechanics' Pavilion during the
past week, will be brought to a close this
evening with fitting ceremony. The clos
ing day will be devoted to honoring the
president of the organization, Mrs. Lovell
White. The exhibition la both attractive
and interesting and highly instructive.
The many articles that have been offered
for sale have brought exceptionally high
prices. The lady managers of the affair
deserve great credit for conducting the
exhibition so successfully. As to-day is
the closing day of the exhibition an un
usually large crowd is expected to attend.
Fully a .thousand people visited the ex
hibition yesterday and last evening. An
attractive programme was rendered by
volunteer talent both in the afternoon and
evening.
The afternoon programme was as fol
lows: Guitar and mandolin quartet, Miss
Rose Elliot. Senor Ferrer, Miss McCath
ney and Miss Emelie Ferrer: soprano
solo, Mrs. Martin Schultz; contralto
solo, Miss Xenia Roberts; accompanist.
Miss Bertha Roberts. During the entire
evening the Fourth Cavalry band ren
dered popular airs and were roundly ap
plauded after every number by the lis
teners. Miss Etta O'Brien rendered a
contralto solo and was encored several
times. She was accompanied by Miss
Julia Heffernan. Charles J. Kaighlin re- I
cited several of his favorite selections.
This afternoon Denis O'Sullivan will I
sing. This will be the first time the noted :
vocalist has consented to appear pub
licly since his return. He will be accom
panied by H. J. Stewart. Mrs. J. E.
Bermingham and Mrs. Alfred Abbey, ac
companied by Mrs. W. J. Batchelder. will
render vocal solos. Through the courtesj,
oi the management of the Tivoli, Frank
Coffin and William Schuster will appear
Charles F. Graeber's mandolin and guitar
orchestra will render musical selections.
Mrs. Lovell White, president of the Cal
ifornia Club: the board of directors of the
club, the ladies of the finance committee
the members of the ho ?P' tal T) se< i tion r^
the board of directors of the Porteot , Club
will constitute the reception committee.
Hansen Not Sentenced.
1.. R. Hansen. proprietor of the Poker
Club adjoining the Metropole saloon, who
was convicted by a jury in Acting Police
Judge Groezinger's court for permitting
a percentage game to be played ap
peared for sentence yesterday. At the re
quest of his attorney, the Judge post
poned sentence till May 31.
The famous old JESSK MOORE WHISKT Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
FOR TO-DAY ONLY.
.Our Saturday's Specials are the talk
of the day; made us many friends and
new trade.
Hires' Root Beer, pkj* lOc <,
Will make 5 gallons. Regular 15c.
Ghirardeiii's (BreaWast Cocoa, Can) 20c '
Regular 25c.
Extra Creamery Butter 27^c
Regular 35c per square.
Eastern ' Sugar Cured) Hams lO^c
Regular 12% c.
Pineapple ( Singapore, WbOle), 3-lb can 150
Regular 25c.
Best Gloss Starch (6-1!) 1)0X85) 35c
Regular 50c.
Canadian Malt Extract, b0 t...200
A perfect food and Nerve Tonic
Dozen, $2 25.
Camping: orders filled at short notice
and shipped free of charge.
1348=1354 MARKET STREET.
Opposite Seventh Street.
Phone 6. 292. No Branch Stores.
E $40. I
[I -^S* BICYCLES m
H THOS. H. B. VAENEY, Market & lOth. S.F. I
I Open Wednesday and Saturday Evenings. I
@E*l Chlehcjitir's Kccllsh Diamond Brent V-v
Pennyroyal fills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
19 _>£.-^. Original and Only Genuine. A.
™ "»>X safe, »:w» 7 . i-liatlO. ladies »sS «lV
»T 'i\ iEhkU Druggist for CMchuter'i Engltih Dia-lft %Ti
C" I tVr\bWfri ---*■■* "— - In Ked »ad Gold mtUUic^V
■CL^^r'fiSftboiM, »i;»le<l with blue ribbon. Take \Br
JQ Sa^W-jnootber. Refute dangerous rulttitu- V
1/ " = -' fB (ion* and imitations. At Draggitti, or tend 4«.
I4^ JB in rtamp« for particular!, testlmonialj *«S
In tS " Kellnf Tar Ladles," in Utter, by rrtnm
Jk^ if Mill. 1 0.000 T'MiiTnoDials. JTame Paper.
~ *"/ I >e<itfr Ciieailcal Co.,M«dUoa ijq nsr*,
HKii by *>U Local i)ruggist«. PBnfL.». OA« l'&
DRJICNULTY.
nmiS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i Special Ist cnrrit Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'r<«' experience.
Patients ca red Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to3diiliy;&3otoB:oU ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull.oradclrea»
P. 11OSCOE McXUiTY, 31.D.
20' 2 Kearay St., Man Francisco. Cal.
iO*Sv LADIES do YOU KNOf .
£ ■ rU-^ DR. FELIX LE BRUN'S '
*y^ a \ Steel § Pennyroyal Treatment
} j ■ lis the original and only FRENCH,
' M f safe and reliable cure on the mar-
S ll^ket= Price, $1.00; sent by mail.
& Genuine Bold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agents, i
214 Kearnv st., San Francisco. . M
lelli Call, $1.00 jwYbb