VOLUME LXXXV- NO. 102.
DEWEY TO RETURN BY
WAY OF SUEZ CANAL
THE CRUISER BOSTON.
To Be Sent as a Sop to San Francisco in Lieu of the Great Dewey.
-itE)V YORK. May 10.— The Her
\ aid's Washington correspondent
NEW TORK. 10.— The Her
* Washington correspondent
: Uowing: As an In-
JL 1 dlcation of the confidence of the
administration on the approach
ing close of the rebellion in the Philip
pines, I learned to-day that orders have
been given to Admiral Dewey to send
the cruiser Boston to San Francisco
and to place the Isla de Cuba, Isla de
Luzon and Don Juan de Austria, when
completed, in reserve at Cavite, The
dispatch of the Boston to San Fran
cisco is undoubtedly due to the desire
of the department to give the people of
the Pacific Slope an opportunity to
greet one of the cruisers which fought
iri the battle of Manila Bay. The Ral
eigh came home through -the Suez ca
nal; the Hympia, with Admiral Dewey
on board, will return by the same route,
and the authorities think it only fair
that the next home-coming cruiser
should be sent to San Francisco.
Thf departure of the Raleigh, Olym
pia and Boston from Manila will leave
attached to the Asiatic squadron but
three of the ships which fought in the
battle of Manila — the Baltimore,
Concord and Petrel, the little dispatch
boat McCulloch having returned some
months ago. The Petrel is the next
WARRIORS OF
TANU ARE YET
OUT IN FORCE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
APIA, Samoa, May 4 (via Berlin,
May 10). The difference which arose
regarding the line outside of which the
Mataafans agreed to withdraw has
been peacefully adjusted, and work has
been resumed on the plantations near
Vailele.
All the houses in the neighborhood of
Apia are still strongly occupied by
Tanu's warriors. Tanu has lodged
complaint with the Supreme Court
against the administration of the
Treasury, which is now controlled by
the insula of Germany, Great Britain
and the United States, pending Dr.
Solf's assumption of the duties.
Tanu demands that he be paid a
monthly salary of $150, which is thrice
the amount paid to Maliotoa Laupepea,
The United States Consul, Lieutenant
Osborne, acting as cashier of the
Treasury, refused to pay the money de
manded, but the Chief Justice, Mr.
chambers, gave judgment in favor of
Tanu for the amount claimed.
CATHOLIC KNIGHTS OF
AMERICA IN COUNCIL
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 10.—
Catholic Knights of America who met in
annual council here to-day, with nearly
every State represented, resumed the old
fight over the question of admitting wo
men to membership almost as soon as
the convention had been called to order.
The law committee came before the con
vention with majority and minority re
ports the majority favoring the admis
sion of the women. At the morning
session consideration of the reports was
temporarily postponed, hut in the after
noon tho matter was laid before the con
vention, and then began a I .bate that
lasted until late to-night, when a vote
was taken and the women were again
defeated. The final vote was 274 in the
affirmative and 178 In the negative. As
the proposed amendment required a two
thirds majority to carry the champions
of the wom^ii were vanquished.
An effort to reconsider the vote will be
made to-morrow.
WESTERN LABOR UNION.
Will Aid Candidates Who Support the
- Working-men.
SALT LAKE, May 10, Tie members of
the Western Labor Union were In session
until '_ i 'clock this afternoon. The session
was secret. In the preamble to the con
stitution one clause adopted to-day reads:
"And furthermore it will be the duty of
all local unions to look up the records of
all nominees who are running tor public
office— national, State or municipal— and
give their full support to those who are
V working in our behalf, unless the unions
have decided to place before the voters
a complete ticket of their own, for it
ha^ been clearly demonstrated that if we
are to have just laws we must have our
own people form them."
A strong resolution was adopted against
importation of laborers from Japan.
The San Francisco Call.
ship due to return and she then will
probably come home across the Pa
cific
The date of the departure of the Bos
ton has not been fixed, but it will occur
as soon as the admiral has transferred
to her a number of officers and men
whose time has expired. Upon her ar
rival at San Francisco, it is expected
she will be directed to touch at ports
along the Pacific Coast, just as the
Raleigh is doing, and as the Olympia
will be required to do when she ar
rives in New York.
A determined effort is being made by
the Pacific Slope to have Admiral
Dewey return to Washington via San
Francisco, rather than by the Suez ca
nal. Secretary Long is being flooded
with telegrams from ciues. Boards of
Trade, etc., from all over the country,
informing him of their intention to give
banquets and to otherwise honor Ad
miral Dewey upon his return. The rep
resentative or a railroad company
railed upon Secretary Long to-day and
informed him that his company would
place the finest train ever run at the
disposal of the admiral if he would
come to this city via San Francisco.
To all communications received Sec
retary Long has made a courteous re
WILL DROP
SILVER AND
FIGHT TRUSTS
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
NEW YORK,. May 10.— Former Gov
ernor William J. Stone of Missouri,
when he came to New York a few days
ago had another mission besides that
of warning Eastern Democrats who
bolted in 1896 that the doors of the next
Democratic National Convention will be
barred to them, as told in The Call to
day. This second mission was to in
vite the Western men's pick of the
Eastern flock to attend a big anti-trust
dinner that is to be held In St. Louis
on May 25.
To that dinner Stone has bidden at
least two New Yorkers who are not tied
absolutely to the theory of 16 to 1, on
which Stone says Bryan will be re
nominated. One of these is Augustus
Van Wyck, who, while he supports the
Democratic ticket, is a bimetallist and
a believer in the idea that Congress is
the body that should settle the cur
rency question. Another is Oliver P.
Belmont, who has traveled with Bryan,
and whose name is brought back to
New York by every Western and
Southern Democrat who comes here as
that of one who may run for the Vice
Presidency on Bryan's ticket.
Belmont is confessedly a gold Demo
crat. Ho has said so many times, but
each time he has rounded out the
period with a saving clause, which
stated that lf the majority of his party
should decide in favor of free silver
he would stand by the majority.
Van Wyck has been asked to speak
at the anti-trust dinner. Stone is the
active spirit back of the anti-trust din
ner, which Bryan will attend, and
Democrats in the East look to it to
result in making of him national chair
man to succeed Senator Jones, who is
in poor health.
Eastern men also regard it as a
change in the tactics on Bryan's part.
It will force to the front the issue that
they think is the most Important of
any suggested for a platform.
Chile's Floating Exhibition.
Special Dispatch to The 'all and the .v. a- York
Herald Copyrighted, ISO'J. by James Gor
don Bennett
VALPARAISO, May 10.—Representa
tive*- of commerce have asked the Gov
ernment's co-operation to establish a
floating exhibition of Chilean products, to
visit ports along the Paciflc Coast.
Annexation by Germany.
Special Dispatch to The Call awl the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
RIO JANEIRO, May 10.— The press here
comments on the campaign in the German
press in favor of the annexation by Ger
many of the territory belonging to the
Hansetic Company. - -" •>
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, . MAY" 11, 1899.
sponse, thanking his correspondents
for their kindly offers and stating that
the admiral will have an opportunity
after his return of enjoying the hospi
tality which it is proposed to extend to
him. So far as the proposition for the
Olympia to return to San Francisco is
concerned, the matter rests in Admiral
Dewey's hands, and he has signified
his intention of coming home through
the Suez canal. The department will
not give him any instructions in the
matter, and it has no reason to believe
that he contemplates making a change
in the route he will follow on his way
home. Secretary* Long has been in
formed that Admiral Dewey several
months ago, learning of the welcome
awaiting him, said he was afraid to
come home, and the department offi
cials add that from the Invitations be
ing extended to him he has good rea
son for his fears.
Rear Admiral Van Rej-pen. surgeon
general of the navy, has received a let
ter from the surgeon of the Oregon, Dr.
Stevenson, at Manila, stating that tic
health of the ship's company is excel
lent, notwithstanding the trying heat
of the tropics. Surgeon Stevenson
added: "The admiral (Dewey) is look
ing well and feeling well."
AN EXTRA
SESSION TO
BE CALLED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May lo!-The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel*
egrapha: I have the authority of a
member of the Cabinet for the state
ment that the President before he left
Washington had practically made-up
his mind to call Congress together in
extraordinary session about the 20th
of October. He has discussed the mat
ter with members of the Cabinet and
some of the leaders in Congress. In
his interviews with the latter he made
no declarations as to his intentions. He
simply asked their views. He has found
a difference of opinion among legisla
tors, but members of his Cabinet gener
ally agree with him that it would be
advantageous to the country and the
Republican party to have Congress
called together a month or two earlier
than usual, ln order that several big
questions to be brought before it may
be disposed of in time for adjournment
before the nominating conventions next
year. • ; .'y.-y.;. -',
The President wants the policy of the
Government In respect to the Philip
pines and other colonial possessions
thoroughly defined and ' the currency
question disposed of before the next
campaign. These are the • governing
considerations, but there are minor
reasons for beginning Its work on Oc
tober 20, instead of December 4.
Congress will be able to organize and
make considerable progress with its
work before the holiday recess. If de
ferred until December the President
fears the session will be prolonged until
la^e In the summer with many of the
questions which the administration is
anxious to have out of the way still
pending while the nomination conven
tions are in session. He expects to
have his policy in respect to the future'
of the Philippines fully outlined early
in October.
Long before that Admiral Dewey will
be here with a preliminary report from
the. members of the Schurman Peace
Commission. It has already been ex
clusively stated, in the Herald that the
commission favors a form of govern
ment for the Philippines modeled after
our own. In brief, its plan contem
plates the appointment by the Presi
dent of a Governor, with a Cabinet to
consist of leading Filipinos, a Judi
ciary, also to be appointed by the Pres
ident, and a Legislature to be elected
by the inhabitants, who will have the
right of suffrage subject to. property
and educational qualifications.* This Is
the form of civil government which
will favor the / basic principles of the
commission's recommendations , and
which has already received the appro
val of the President. • .ay
MABINI SAYS
INSURGENTS
ARE HOPEFUL
Aguinaldo's Man Friday De
clares Fighting Will Be
Continued.
— —
RELYING ON EUROPE
— ♦ — ■
While Waiting for Europe to Inter
fere Filipinos Prepare for Des
perate Resistance.
— • —
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. ____
MANILA, P. 1., May
11.— In an interview
printed in Spanish, Se
nor Mabini, who is at
the head of the Aguin
aldo Cabinet, says the
insurgents are very
hopeful. They will con
tinue the fighting, rely
ing upon European in
tervention.
Insurgents of the
province of Cavite are
preparing to make a
desperate resistance to
the Americans.
The insurgents have
succeeded in landing ten
machine guns at Capiz,
on the island of Panay.
FILIPINO CONGRESS
MEETS AT SAN ISIDRO
Although Those Present Are Parti
sans of Aguinaldo, They Express
Strong Desire for Peace.
MANILA, May 10, 7:30 p. m.—
Reports received from the in
surgent line, which, however,
have not been confirmed, say that a
meeting of the Filipino Congress has
been held at San Isidro. There was
no quorum present, but in spite of
this fact some business was transact
ed. The reports add that although
those who attended were mostly par
tisans of Aguinaldo, a strong desire
for peace was expressed.
Major General Mac Arthur will prob
ably remain at San Fernando until
fresh troops can be forwarded to him
from this city to replace some of the ,
volunteers who have become exhausted I
from the long campaign. Filipino rifle
men to the number of 8000 are in- I
trenched on three sides of Bacolor. The
Americans. however, are fully able to
held the city if Monday's attack was a
specimen of the enemy's fighting
ability.
The Filipino General Mascardo's
army, Inspired by wine taken from the
storehouses of Bacolor and by the gen
eral'^ oratory, on Monday evening at
tacked San Fernando. There was tre
mendous yelling and a great expendi
ture of cartridges by the rebels, but
very little result. General Maseardo
holds the outskirts of Bacolor, west of
the railroad. In front of his positions
are the Kansas and Montana regi
ments, which occupy trenches that the
Filipinos built In anticipation of an at
tack from the direction of the sea.
. During the afternoon of Monday
General Maseardo, with a large retinue
of officers, rode along the lines, fre
quently stopping to harangue his war
riors. At dusk a detachment of rebels
rushed toward the outposts of the
Montana Regiment, but were met by
a hot fire from the Montana -Regiment
line. The insurgents from trenches
nearly three miles long responded.
After an hour's firing, during which
one private soldier of the Montana
Regiment was wounded, the insurgents
subsided, although they - kept up a
scattering fire throughout the night.
Prisoners who were brought into the
American lines said that General Mas
eardo distributed barrels of wine
among his soldiers, telling them that he
expected to capture the city of San
Fernando. The trenches undoubtedly
saved the Americans from heavy loss,
the bullets falling thick about them
during the engagement.
General Luna Is massing his army
east of the railway," bringing up troops
by trainloads In sight of the American
lines. The country between San Fer
nando and Calumpit is filling up with
natives who profess great friendship
toward Americans, but who are sus
pected by many of sympathy with the
insurrection. A Filipino connected
with the American Hospital Corps was
killed, it is supposed, by amigos, so
called.
The army tlnclad gunboats Laguna
de Bal and Cavedonga, under the com
mand of Captain Grant, steamed up the
Rio Grande to Calumpit to-day, clear
ing the entire country of rebels from
the bay upward. When the vessels
reached Macabebe, about a thousand of
the inhabitants of the place assembled
upon the banks of the river cheering
the expedition lustily. Captain Grant
was given an ovation when he went
ashore.
. Many .of .'.'the .'. Macabfib.es . expressed
COST OF PRODUCING GAS.
1 Figures Which Tell How a Monopoly
I Manages to Plunder the People
I and Absorb Rivals.
88
,♦. ■ 1 fr /HEN the people of San Francisco ascertain the real truth regarding the cost of pro
♦. \l\l during illuminating- gas they will not be surprised that the old San Francisco Gas
*. V V Company has been able to destroy competition by the absorption of rival companies.
♦ Should some enterprising expert or Supervisor tabulate from the municipal reports the
V amount annually paid by the city during the past twenty-four years for lighting streets, pub
•s lie buildings, schools and engine-houses the record of the aggregate amount disbursed would
25 startle the taxpayers. When the sums collected from private consumers can be added to the
*• enormous amount collected from the city the plundering propensities of the corporation may
j* be fully revealed.
ft The profits in the manufacture of gas, aggregating millions, have enabled the company
S5 to water its stock from time to time and finally pay dividends on a pretended investment of
ss thirteen million dollars.
85 A great outcry is now made because the rate for supplying gas has been reduced to
85 Si i o per iooo feet. The Call is prepared to show that immense profits can be legitimately
85 realized at that rate.
85 The expense of manufacturing gas for the Agnews State Hospital can be cited as an
*• example. The engineer of that institution studied the figures submitted by the San Francisco
♦ Gas and Electric Company. His own practical tests for one year demonstrate clearly that
V gas in a limited quantity can be produced for 55 or 60 cents per 1000 feet. As the quantity
? increases the cost per 1000 feet diminishes. Here are the figures of cost and production at
♦ Agnews from January Ito December 31, 1898:
% j Coal used. 271 tons; gas made, 2,124.640 feet; surplus coke, 80 tons; tar, 50 barrels.
§ Cost of one bench of retorts — Retorts, $151 freight, $180; setting same, $100; total,
? $431 48. One bench of retorts lasts about two years, hence $215 74 is calculated for as the
V cost for one year. The cost of coal is placed at $1957, which, added to the cost of one bench
5 of retorts, gives the sum of $2172 74 as the total cost for the year.
s § A rebate of $850 is derived from the sale of 80 tons of coke at $10 per ton and 50 bar-
V reis of tar at $1 per barrel. Deducting the rebate of $850 from the foregoing cost, $2172 74,
•5 the sum of 322 74 stands as the actual cost of producing 2,124,640 feet of gas. The en
-B*s gineer computes that the cost is between 55 and 60 cents per 1000 feet.
♦ The cost of distribution to householders is not here computed. It must be taken into
♦ consideration, however, that production on a vast scale would place the cost of manufacture
1 much below 50 cents per 1000 feet.
*♦ Considering the enormous tax placed on the people of San Francisco for light and
H water, it is a wonder that any progress has been made by the city.
•»♦s_ ■+t2+-+il+' _• ■*■ -»- 83 ♦ £♦ ?2 *♦* 83 *♦* -S+K^S+fi+S-*^?**-?*-*^'*- ?*+■&+&+ SS*»-58+?8*-!
PRESIDENT INTENDS
TO VISIT THE WEST
But This Time He Will Extend
His Tour to San Fran
cisco.
© NEW YORK. May 10.— The Herald's Washington correspondent ©
•* sends the following: President McKinley proposes to make a tour of the g
% West during his coming summer vacation. Arrangements for the trip g
*•> have not yet been perfected, but it is understood that he will go to '■?,
& San Francisco by the Southern Pacific route and return over the North- &
a crn Pacific. He will leave about the middle of July and be gone prob- g
Sr* ably six weeks. «8
& Administration officials who know the President's plan deny that the g
0 trip has any political purpose. They liken it to the journey made by g
£*. the President last fall to the Omaha Exposition, the result of which, g»
'0 however, was a demand for the cession of the entire Philippine archi- JC"
•*; pelago. g
■65 There is no doubt that the President will take advantage of the trip §•
•$ to ascertain public sentiment in the West on the question of the reten- 0
§ tion of the Philippines. So far as can be learned he does not intend g
o» to make any set speeches, though undoubtedly he will address the people gg
O at points at which his train will stop along the route. C_
8" *
©%0%0?20**0!*0?iO 82 OBBOSBOB2OKOO\ O %0»*0SS0!i030S0 S OS?OSSO%< • _ " Ov\9
themselves as being anxious to enter |
the service of the American navy for j
the campaign against the Tagals.
The United States transports Puebla j
and Pennsylvania sailed for home to
day by way of Nagasaki. The trans
ports Nelson and Cleveland will leave
on Thursday and Friday.
The United States Philippine Com
mission has been considering a provin
cial constitution for the island of Ne
gros, which was framed by General
James F. Smith and leading natives. It
is largely modeled after the constitu
tion of California. While it has many
good points, the commission will prob
ably recommend a uniform government
for all the provinces. This constitution,
it is intended, will give the natives self
government, co-operating with the mil
itary regime. Work on the constitution
has been apportioned to the several
members of the Philippine Commission.
The report of President Schurman
will be special to national, provincial
and municipal government; Colonel
Charles Denby will consider the or
ganization of courts and Professor D.
C. Worcester will investigate tribal,
physical and commercial features in
the islands. All the members of the
committee are consulting with resident
experts.
ILLINOIS MANUFACTURERS
CABLE ADMIRAL DEWEY
CHICAGO, May 10.— The Illinois
Manufacturers' Association to-day
sent a cablegram to Admiral Dewey at
Manila urging him to become the guest
of the association upon his return from
tie Philippines and suggesting that he
adopt the San Francisco route instead
of coming by way of New York. 1 The
cablegram sent to-day is as follows:
Admiral George Dewey, Manila: Gov
ernor John R. Tanner of Illinois and
Mayor Carter H. Harrison of Chicago
jofn us in renewing our invitation of Oc
tober 29. urging your acceptance and sug
fffiSfoffi 6 I^/uTa^rTr 1 !' ASSO
CIATION.
Sails for the Ladrones.
NEW YORK. May TO.— auxiliary
cruiser Yosemite, which has been fitting
here for the last month in preparation for
her voyage to the Ladrone Islands, sailed
to-day. . Captain D. P. Leary, who has
been appointed Governor of Guam, and a
garrison of marines for the posts are on
her, and she carried a quantity of stores
and supplies.
FIVE-STORY WAREHOUSE
DESTROYED BY FIRE
One of the Brave Firemen Comes in
Contact With Electric Wires
and Is Killed.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. May 10.— The big
five-story warehouse of the Newby Trans
fer and Storage Company at 1216 and 1218
Union avenue was destroyed by fire to
night. The loss is estimated at over
$100,000.
James F. McNellis, a fireman, foreman
of truck company 4, was killed. After the
falling of a rear wall McNellis and five
other firemen went in upon the debris
with a line of hose. The foreman came
in contact % with a live electric wire that
had been carried down from the roof of
the building and was killed.
The hanging wire struck McNellis on j
the forehead and the shock caused him to
plunge forward into a network of live I
wires, where his companions saw him die.
Two of the firemen were severely shocked !
in their efforts to recover the body. Mc- j
Neills' face was terribly burned where the j
flesh had been in contact with the wires. j
The fire, which is supposed to have
started in a boxcar that had been run into
the building on the company's switch, had
gained such headway when the firemen
arrived that all they could do was to keep
the fire from spreading to the other build
ings in the wholesale district. The de
stroyed building, which was owned by
Frank Deardorf, was valued at $23,000 and
was insured for $15,000. Members of the
Newby Company estimate the value of
the contents at about $SO,OOO and say there
will be little salvage.
WHITES HONOR A NEGRO.
Frank W. McCarthy's Death Deeply
Mourned in Georgia.
ALBANY, Ga., May 10— Frank W. Mc-
Carthy, one of the most prominent ne
groes in Southeast Georgia, died at his
home in this city last night. His funeral
occurred here to-day and was attended
by an immense throng of both whites and
blacks. For the first time in the history
of Albany, a town of 8000 inhabitants,
every store and office was closed In honor
of a negro, no business being transacted
while the funeral was In progress. Mc-
Carthy never dabbled in politics, but was
probably the most Influential negro in the
country. His death Is deplored by white
and colored people.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MILES SEEKS
W. J. BRYAN'S
INFLUENCE
The General Yet Has a Hope
of Securing Congressional
Action on Bad Beef.
— • —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, May 10.— A Washington
special to the Inter Ocean says: Gen
eral Miles is observing the letter but
not the spi* t*. of the obligation to ac
cept the report of the army beef court
of inquiry as final. He still talks to
friends about a "packed court" and
they are quietly working for Congres
sional investigation. William J. Bryan's
influence has been sought. It is stated
on good authority that even before the
report was made public Miles com
municated with Bryan and suggested
to him the political advantage of Con
gressional investigation, pushed by
Democrats, expressing the belief that
enough anti-administration Repub
licans could be found to vote with the
Democrats to secure such an investiga
tion.
It was pointed out to the silver leader
that the people would be with Miles re
gardless of whether or not he was vin
dicated by the inquiry board and that
this influence could be used to advance
the interests of the young Nebraskan
if he openly espoused the cause of the
general, who was being persecuted by
men responsible for killing soldiers
with bad beef. Whether Bryan took
notice of Miles' letter is not known.
Champions of Miles are determined
the beef controversy shall not be
dropped. They are encouraged to think
Miles has won a point in the Presi
dent's decision to drop the whole af
fair with the report and continue Miles
at the head of the army. They declare
the President was forced to t*his con
clusion by a fear of alienating a large
number of Republicans who joined
Miles in his denunciation of the War
Department. They feel they have thor
oughly intimidated a majority of the
Cabinet into the belief that it will
never do to make a "martyr" of Miles.
They declare that Miles having exert
ed enough influence to prevent his re
moval from the position of major gen
eral in command, even after such an
arraignment against him as the find
ings of the court, the same fear of his
popularity and the same influence in
the Cabinet can be used to drive Sec
retary Alger from the head of the War
Department. They insist that as the
two officials cannot work in harmony
one of them must retire for the good
of the service, and that the President,
fearing to remove Miles, will be forced
to intimate to Alger he should retire.
They claim that they have flve mem
bers of the Cabinet who will urge upon
the President the necessity for har
mony and a new Secretary of War who
can co-operate with the general in com
mand, assuming that Miles is now un
der no oollgation to co-operate with
the present Secretary of War, and that
by refusing to do this he can force2
NATIVE DAUGHTERS
OF WOODLAND NAME
THEIR DELEGATES
T X TOODLAND, May 10.— Miss Birdie Morris and Mrs. Nellie Coil will
\ A / represent Woodland Parlor No. '•'"• Native Daughters of the Golden
\/\/ West; in the next Grand Parlor, which will be held in Stockton
V V in June. Miss Morris is a past president, having been elected the
second president of the local parlor after its organization. She
is an active, intluential and popular member of the order. Mrs. Coil was
a delegate to the last Grand Parlor and is now district deputy grand presi
dent ior the district comprising Yolo and Solano counties. She is also the
present president of the Wood! Parlor. She is a very earnest and effi
cient worker for the order, and it is mainly through her persistent efforts
that Woodland Parlor has maintained such a healthy growth.
Secretary Alger to retire.
Friends of Secretary Alger, on the
other hand, say he is satisfied with the
report, and will continue the same
policy followed from the beginning of
the war, adopting the suggestions of
General Miles where ho regards them
as wise, and ignoring them where he
finds them in conflict with his own
idea- or those of the President. He
will do this in the future, as in the
past, without fear or favor, for he is In
•i position to direct the War Depart
ment without the aid of General Miles,
and only the President can overrule
him
Should there come a time in the fu
ture when Miles shall attempt to have
the Secretary overruled Dy the Presi
dent, then Secretary Alger will refuse
to submit to Intimidation, and will
maintain his self-respect by surrender
ing the portfolio. He has stood between
the President and enemies of the ad
ministration for many months and
taken abuse that was meant for and
in fact applied to the President. But
he will not submit to being used as a
means of reconciling .Mi.. and creating
harmony with an insubordinate offi
cial. If the President wishes a Secre
tary of War who will truckle to the dis
credited major general in command he
will have to find another man, as Gen
eral Alger will not do so.
PROBASCO SCORES
THE WAOE BEEF COURT
CINCINNATI, May 10.— The En
quirer to-morrow will print the follow
ing Interview with Hon. H. R. Pro
basco, ex-United States Attorney here,
a relative of ex-Secretary Sherman,
and recently counsel for General Miles:
When the court convened, having pre
viously served General Miles as counsel
in other matters, i was asked to go to
Washington and confer with him as re
garding the proceedings before the Court
of Inquiry. I was determined that, inas
much as General Miles was not in the
attitude of one accused, that it would be
ill-advised to introduce a lawyer, and
Major J. A. Lee was selected by General
Miles, the court and the recorder.
Did you take any active part before the
court?
My only connection with the case was
the conferring with General Miles and
Major Lee regarding the summoning of
witnesses and the examination of the
most important ones.
What is your opinion as to the report
of the Court of Inquiry?
I have not read the full report, but I've
seen the synopsis of it. I was amused
that so intelligent an array of officers,
sitting as a court for several week and
examining several hundred witnesses,
should have rendered such an illogical
and uncertain decision. The decision
amounts to the court finding that the beef
packers were saints sent to our soldiers
with manna from heaven, and that Gen
eral Miles was careless because In- did
not report the first vague rumor which
came to his ears that this food was had.
Every witness condemned in unstinted
term! the so-cnJbd canned roast beef as
an unfit ration. The chief clerk of the
commissary general's offlce testified that
canned roast beef in IS7B was used as an
experimental r.'itlon, and ■-..;> adversely
reported on after a short trial. The court
was evidently so well satisfied as to the
proof of the truth of General Miles' alle
gations as to canned roast beef that
when, shortly before the testimony closed
they were asked to subpena a list of 134
additional witnesses, they declined to sub
pena all except ten, for the reason that
the 124 would give cumulative testimony
only against the canned roast beef.
What was the embalmed beef?
Before bids were received by the com
missary general, he was advispd by ex
pert cattle and 1..-, men that fresh beef
would not hold up twenty-four hours
after delivered from the refrigerator in
the climate that prevailed In Florida and
the West Indies, and that the best course
to pursue would be the purchase of beef
on the block or beef on the hoof. He
told these gentlemen that the parties who
desired to furnish the beef bad a pro
cess which they said would enable them
to deliver meat which would keep sound
and fresh for seventy-two hours after
delivery from the refrigerator. The day
after the bids were opened attorn* i in
Washington addressed a communication
to the Secretary of War. making the ar
gument that notwithstanding their
clients' bid was somewhat higher than
the others, that they ought to be award
ed the contract because of their ability
to perform their contract by means of
the Powell process for the preservation
of meat, which they controlled and which
had been satisfactorily tested under the
■'iispices of the Government. This latter
has referred by the Secretary of War
tn the commissary general for his con
ation, who returned it to the Secre
tary with his Indorsement, In which he
said: "These tests are not the only tests
which have been made," leaving the plain
inference that the other bidders also had
processes for the preservation of meat,
which had been tested.
This letter was returned by the Secre
tary of War. Dr. Daly's testimony that
he had found by chemical analysis of
meat furnished the soldiers that it con
tained chemicals, was ln no wise con
tradicted. Three witnesses. Sergeant
Mason, Lieutenant Gampher and Dr. Cas
tle testified that the agent at Lakeland,
Fla., had told them that they had found
It Impossible to comply with their con
tract to deliver fresh meat which would
remain sound and sweet for seventy-two
hours after delivery from the refrigera
tor without the means of a chemical pro
cess, which process was a secret, even
to him. If the court found in the face of
this testimony that no meat delivered was
chemically treated, it amounts almost to
stultification.
Has there been any change in the man
ner of supplying troops with fresh meat
since this criticism was first made?
Indeed there has. Cattle on the hoof
are now being delivered in Cuba, slaugh
tered on the island and delivered to the
troops the following day and no complaint
has been made. Furthermore so-called !
roast beef was dropped as a meat ration
some time. I think, in last August or Sep- '
tember; all of which shows that ton.
Miles' reference to the method of supply
ing the troops with meat was an experi
ment was correct, and that hi opinion
that beef on the block or on the hoof
is the only suitable fresh meat ration for
troops was well founded.
Is there anything else in connection
with this matter?
Yes, the great majority of the papers
and of the people, including the President
(I know this from a conversation with
him about three weeks since) believe that
General Miles would not make a state
ment concerning any person or circum- '
stance which he did not honestly believe
to be well founded and true. General
Miles has no political ambition whatever,
and no more thinks of being a candidate
for President or any other office titan 1
do.
Mr. Probasco blames the Secretary of
War and the adjutant general with op
posing the general commanding the army. i
-a-$ -♦- <*> ~a-<t>-a- <s> -+-■$> -a- ■.?■ -a-'.—a- @
RECORDER ELMORE
GETS THE BOOKS
Shasta County Surren
ders Mining- Record.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, May 10.— Board of
Supervisors to-day established a prece
dent that may be followed in all of the
mining counties of the State. An order
was made turning the district mining
records, which had become a part of
the county records, back to the Dis
trict Recorder of the Flat Creek min
ing district. Before the enactment of
the State mining law, which was re
pealed by the last Legislature, Waldo
Elmore was District Recorder of the
Flat Creek district, and when the State
law was enacted he turned over all
the records in his possession to the
County Recorder. A short time ago
he filed a demand on the County Re
corder for a return of the records of
his district. County Recorder Lowdon
consulted Superior Judge Sweeny, with
the result that Elmore was instructed
to apply to the Board of Supervisors,
as the records which he desired re
turned had become county property.
To-day the board acted favorably on
Elmore's demand. This action is re
garded as strictly within the law, es
tablishing a precedent that must be
followed in all-like cases in this county
at least. There is a diversity of opin
ion as to the effect. It is argued that
the turning back of the records to Dis
trict Recorders will in many cases re
sult in chaos with mining titles, while
on the other hand it is asserted that
a claim not worth patenting Is amply
protected until such time as its worth
or unworth may be proved by develop
ment work. The Flat Creek district is
the only one so far affected by the
order of the Supervisors.
The Board of Supervisors to-day
acted favorably on the proposition to
span the Sacramento River at the
mouth of Spring Creek with a steel
wagna bridge. The bridge was peti
tioned for by the residents of Keswick
and the Old Diggings district. It will
facilitate the transportation of flux
ores to the smelters and otherwise ac
commodate a great many people.
ASSAILANT OF MRS.
GERLACH ON TRIAL
SAN RAFAEL, May 10.— Frank Rey
nolds of San Anselmo was on trial before
Justice Rodden this evening on a charge
of disturbing the peace and using vulgar
language, preferred by Mrs. Anna Ger
lach of 1313 Golden Gate avenue, San
Francisco. The evidence showed that
Reynolds tried to kill Mrs. Gerlach with
a knife and later shot at her and her
daughter and a young man named Isadore
Berthelot with a shotgun.
Mrs. Gerlach is the widow of Dr. George
Gerlach and at his death was willed a
large estate, containing, among other
parcels of property, a house and lot in
San Anselmo. This she deeded to John
Reynolds, a clerk employed by Sanborn
& Vail, with the proviso that two rooms
of the house Should be reserved for her
own use In the summer of each '-ear as
long as she lived. Frank Reynolds, t_e
father, occupied the house. Because Mrs
Gerlach would not give him money, ac
cording to the testimony, he forbade her
to enter the house. She went there on
Dewey day with her daughter Anna and
Berthelot, ho is an employe of the
Spring Valley Water Company, and was
assaulted by Reynolds with a khlfe. Ber
thelot defended her and told the fright
ened women to flee while he held the in
furiated assailant. He then joined them,
but Reynolds followed them and dis
charged a shotgun in their direction.
Justice Rodden has taken the case un
der consideration and will render judg
ment next week. Mrs. Gerlach asserts
that she will sue Reynolds for the prop
erty on the ground that the provisions of
the deed .of gift have been violated.
Dies Laden With Years.
SANTA CRUZ, May 10.— Mrs. Aqullina
M. Norrls died last evening at the home
of her son, J. W. Forgens, in the Paul
Sweet Gulch. She was 77 years old.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 11, 1899.
FLAMES DESTROY
SKAGUAY BLOCKS
Seven Buildings Re
duced to Ashes.
— «. —
TOWN HAS A NARROW ESCAPE
— -♦• —
TOTAL DESTRUCTION BARELY
AVERTED.
*
Passengers on the Cottage City Es- ,
timate the Loss at About
Eighty Thousand
Dollars.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. May 10.— According
to news received to-night by the steamer j
Cottage City, the town of Skaguay had a*
wonderfully narrow escape from destruc
tion by fire on the morning of Thursday, ;
May 4. ( The Skaguay Alaskan says it is
generally conceded by every citizen of the
gateway city that it "was only by a mere '■
Providential accident of the elements that
[ the fire did not wipe out the entire town
; and leave all the inhabitants huddled at
; the end of the wharves or on the side
' lulls awaiting the arrival of the first boat
for relief from destitution or starvation."
This, says the Skaguay paper, is no ex
aggerated picture.
All that remained of a once thriving
business block of seven buildings In the
heart of Skaguay when the Cottage City
left was a heap of smoldering ashes,
burned tin cans of all sizes, tools and
other metal arl teles, burned and twisted
out of shape, together with other debris
that make up the ruins of a great fire.
Every particle of wood was reduced to
! ashes, and barring the debris the ground
was as bare as before the first building ;
I was erected.
The fire started in the Moyer building.
It Is said that a family named Broemser,
who had a flat in that building, moved out
the day before and left open a connection
in the stovepipe leading to the roof. The
sparks from the lire in the store low
flew out through this opening Into some
Inflammable material. The floor being va
cant, the fire got a good start before it
was discovered. When 'first seen the
flames had hurst through the roof of the j
Mover building.
Citizens hurriedly gave the alarm and
I Skaguayans responded to the clang of
' the fin bell. The volunteer fire depart
ment and the hook and ladder company,
aided by numbers of willing workers, were
soon at work. Before they could get a
stream on the building the flames leaped
across Into the building occupied by the
Brown Shoe Company. The conflagration
had then gained considerable headway,
and on it went, licking up one building
after another until the whole block of
seven structures was razed.
The owners and the names of the build
ings destroyed, excepting the Moyer
i block and the Brown Shoe Company,
could not be learned. Mr. Moyer esti
mates his loss, including stock and build
' ings at $8000. The shoe company's losses
will amount to over $20,000. The total loss
by the conflagration is variously estimat
ed by the Cottage City's passengers at
from $40,000 to $SO,OOO.
i While the Cottage City was In port
: everybody was congratulating everybody
else in the escape of the town, and the
firemen were being loudly praised for
having confined the tire within the
burned block. Had there been the least
wind, it is said, nothing could have saved
the town. It Is not known whether the
burned district will be rebuilt this sum
mer, as several of the owners are away
and as yet know nothing of the loss they
have sustained.
After the Are the Skaguayans began an
agitation for better fire protection, rhe
Skaguay Alaskan says that had the city
a chemical engine, when the upper part
of the Brown store was discovered blaze,
they would have been able to confine the
fire" to the upper part of it and saved
$15,000 worth of Roods, winch now are a
total loss. The water supply was very
poor, the pressure being quite inadequate.
While the fire was in progress Ed Drew
quarreled with Joe Bunyan and spat in
his face. Bunyan seized a bottle and
struck Drew on the head. Drew then
ran outside, and picking up a rock threw
it through the glass door at Bunyan.
Bunyan attacked Drew with a hatchet,
Inflicting a serious wound. Bunyan was
arrested. Drew is in. a doctor's hands.
0-+-»-+-»-+-» -♦—»-»-»-♦-♦ ♦ » » #
McGLADE WILL
PUT IN HIS
DEFENSE TO-DAY
Not Many Witnesses
to Examine.
— ♦ —
The prosecution has closed its testimony
against Peter W. McGlade, ex-bookkeeper
in the Street Department, accused of
forging demands for salaries. The last
witnesses for the people were excused
just before noon yesterday in Judge
Cook's department of the Superior Court.
Patrick Reddy, attorney for the accused,
asked and was granted the afternoon to
prepare his instructions and get the de
fense in form, premising to rush his wit
nesses through to-day.
The first witness for the prosecution
yesterday morning was Charles B. Trull,
bookkeeper for Bier & Regensburger, the
warrant brokers who cashed the bogus
Street Department demands. Trull tes
tified that he was familiar with Mc
<'lade's signature, and he identified it as
the one attached to various orders of
Identification offered in evidence. On be
ing shown three of these orders, those
bearing the names of C. Murphy, J.
Tierney and J. Sullivan, he testified that
he was in the offlce of Bier & Regensbur
ger when they were presented. Further
on he said he, had had conversations with
McGlade concerning the warrants repre
sented by the orders. On all three occa
sions, the witness said, Met 'lade had
given him cash Instead of warrants on
the treasury. He thought this strange, as
it had been Md 'lade's custom to turn over
warrants altogether.
"On the 17th of August, 1898," continued
Trull, in answer to a Question, "McGlade
told me he had just collected the warrant
of C. Murphy. He gave the amount of
that warrant in coin to me. I asked him
also for the warrants of J. Tierney and
J. Sullivan and he told me they were not
ready at that time."
On October 4, Trull said. McGlade paid
him $100 for the warrant of J. Kelly.
"He asked me," continued the witness,
"to go outside Into the corridor to count
the money, as he did not want any of the !
men in the offlce to see me counting it."
It appeared from the cross-examination
that McGlade's attorney was not enam
ored of the witness. He could not swerve
the young bookkeeper from his original
testimony, however, whereupon he moved
to strike out part of Trull's evidence, and
noted an exception to his tone of voice.
"The court," said Judge Cook, "can
not strike, out the tone of voice of a wit
ness."
Mr. Reddy agreed with his Honor, and
after calling the attention of the Jury to
what he considered offensive in Trull's ■
tone he excused the bookkeeper.
Joseph E. Bier of Bier & Regensburger
identified the handwriting of McGlade on
several of the forged orders; and M. J
de la ■ Montanya. a clerk in the Treas
urer's offlce, testified that warrants for
the demands of <". Murphy, H. J. Swords
and J. Sullivan had been paid.
The trial will be resumed this morning
at 10 o'clock. '
SKILLFUL WORK
OF FRESNO FORGERS
FRESNO, May 10.— The arrest last
night of W. E. Bushing, the de
tective, on a charge of having ut
tered a forgery, was the chief
topic of conversation on the
streets to-day. Officers agree in pro
nouncing the alleged forgery one of the
most skillful on record. The perplex
ing question is how Elmer Geddes knew
that Edwin Geddes had an account in
the l,; in and that he signed his name
"I", Geddes." There is a very simple
and plausible explanation. The two
men being of the same name, and both
living in the same part of the county
at one time, it is more' than likely
Elmer Geddes opened a letter intended
for Edwin Geddes, but addressed sim
ply "E. Geddes," and delivered to him
through a mistake. Depositors fre
quently write to a bank inquiring how
their accounts stand. If Elmer Geddes
received the bank's reply he, of course.
knew all about the deposit, and the
similarity of the names might have
suggested the crime.
It is not known how Elmer Geddes
learned how to duplicate his name
sake's signature, but, of course, he
EXPERTS DISAGREE
IN MURDOCK CASE
Conflicting Views as to
Chircgraphy.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, May 10.— When court con
vened this morning the defense in the
I Murdock note case asked for the privi
j lege to recall James Boyd and W. E.
Bowles. Boyd testified that he knew
.lames McConnell, who, W. E. Bowles tes
tified, was at the State fair in 1887. Mc-
Connell had worked for him before he
left Willows. Boyd had never seen him
at a State fair in Sacramento nor had
he seen William Murdock there. He
1 would have seen both men had they
been there. On cross-examination by
Johnson Boyd said he was certain about
this.
W. E. Bowles followed Boyd. Me*W*as
asked by I,usk if he had not, before he
, left Willows years ago, been arrest..; here
for extorting money from women and
Chinese and if he had not left Willows to
avoid trial for the offense. Attorney
i Johnson said this was "a very Improper
question and a witness should be allowed
: to strike down an attorney for such an in
sult. He asked the court to protect the
witness and not allow the question to be
answered. The witness had already an
swered "No." Judge Pirkey said he
would allow this question, as the witness
i bad already answered, but he did not
, want any more of the kind. The witness
started an explanation of his having been
: arrested, but was immediately stopped by
Attorney Johnson.
Mr. Knock was called to give expert
testimony in regard to the measurement
of. the angles in "Wm." of the note and
the 1890 deed, from which the defense
claims the signature on the note was
traced. He said he had had many years'
experience as a civil engineer and had
: made a close study of surveyors' lines and
degrees: he had examined the seventy
nine photographic signatures of William
j Murdock and the signatures to the note
I and deed, and had discovered that the
. "Wm." of the deed and the "Wm." of the
■ note were not alike.
"There is not a line in the 'Wm.' of the
j deed and the 'Wm.' of the note that cor-
I respond, with but one exception, and
I that is the first stroke of the 'm' of both
I 'Wm's.' "
Expert Knock explained many differ
ences which he said he found between
Other letters of the two signatures. The
testimony of Mr. Knock contradicts al
most all of that given by Experts Ames.
Kytka and Eisenschimel. Mr. Knock had
made several tracings of the different sig
natures, which he used in his demonstra
tion. He said lie did not believe the sig
nature of the note was traced from the
signature of the deed.
Mis. T. J. Kirkpatrick was recalled. She
had been at Mary Helen Murdock' house
lon September ■'. l v *> 7. She went there to
pick some geese, which Mrs. Murdock had
left in her charge for the feathers. Mrs.
Murdock was at home and the witness
was much surprised to see her there, for
she thought she was at Allen Springs.
She remembered the date, as her house
burned three days after that. Mr. Nei
deffer's child died about that time.
James P. Matlock, Dr. West, H. P.
Andrews, W. A. Fish, Charles F. Foster,
1.. W. Valentine and a. L. Conard, all of
Tehama County, testified that, the general
reputation of Ashurst was good. Here the
plaintiff rested.
Mrs. Smith, a daughter of G. Murdock,
deceased, was called by the defense to
prove that Mary Helen Murdock was at
Allen Springs on September 7, 1877. She
was positive of this. A number of wit
, nesses bad testified that Mrs. Murdock
was at her Stoney Creek ranch on that
date. «
Allen Henry and wife of ChiCO testified
■ that the plaintiff was at Allen Springs on
September 6, 1877, the day the note is said
. to have been signed and delivered to the
plaintiff at the Stoney Creek ranch.
PHILADELPHIA WINS IN
THE ELEVENTH INNING
: Battle Royal Between the Quakers
§and Giants on the Former
Team's Grounds.
Club— W. L. Pc.| Club— W. L. Pc.
St. Louis 14 5 .737 Baltimore ...11 10 .624
Chicago 15 6 .714 New York 9 10 .474
Philadelphia 14 7 .666 Louisville ... 8 11 .421
Brooklyn ....13 8 .619 Pittsburg .... 7 11 .889
Cincinnati ..10 8 .688 Washington . 4 17 .190
Boston 11 10 .524 : Cleveland ... 3 IS .158
PHILADELPHIA, May 10.— Philadelphia de
feated New York to-day In an eleven-Inning
game which was a battle royal. Carrick and
Piatt pitched for their respective teams and
' both were almost Invincible durine the first
half, In the eleventh inning, with two men
out, Doyle made a triple and was followed by
Cl. ason with a double. Then O'Brien rapped
out a single, sending Gleason home and giving
New York one run to the rood. In the Phil
lies' half, with none out, four singles, a sacri
fice and a fumble by Doyle sent three 'men
across the plate. Attendance, 3100. Score:
Club— R. H. E.
New York , 3 9 2
Philadelphia 4 13 J.
Batteries— Carrick and Warner; Piatt and
McFarland. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
NEW YORK, May To-day's game was
a slugging affair In which Brooklyn beat Wash
ington through a lucky bunching of hits. There
was lit').* choice between the two teams in
fielding, the Superbas having an off day. Maul
made his first appearance in the box this sea
son and lasted four Innings. Attendance, 2600.
Score:
Club— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 9 14 4
Washington 7 13 2
Batteries— Maul, Dunn and Farreli; Weyblng
and Maguire. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
BOSTON, May 10.— The former champions
shut out the present champions, for the second
time this season, Mops proving too much for
the Boston team. The three leaders of the Bal
timores did most of the batting, while Mc-
Graw's work at third was especially brilliant.
The home team clayed listlessly throughout
the game. Attendance, 2500. Score:
Club— U. H. E.
Baltimore 5 12 2
Boston 0 6 2
Batteries— Nope and Robinson; Klobedanz and
Bergen. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews.
CHICAGO. May 10.— Four bunched hits in
the fourth gave the Orphans enough runs to
win the game to-day. Callahan was hit nearly
as often as Woods, but was a puzzle with men
on bases. Attendance, ISOO. Score:
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago  6 9 2
 Louisville .*. 1.2 3
IA/. E. RUSHING.
■ O -+-$■-*- * S> -+~ <*> -a- 4> -a- <$> -+- <$> -»- <B>-»- O
must have seen it somewhere. Rushing
is still in jail.
Batteries— Callahan and Chance; Woods and
Kittridge. Umpires— Burns and Smith. *
PITTSBURG, May 10.— Seven errors and poor
batting la not the way to win games.- Pitts
burg trot three hits and one run ln the first
Inning, and did no good after that until the
ninth, when the substitutes were put In and
four runs were butted in. Attendance, 2100.
Score:
Club— R. H. E.
Pittsburg v' 11 7
Cincinnati 11 13 2
Batteries— Hoffer and Bowerman; Hawley
and Peltz, Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
CLEVELAND, May 10.— St. Louis had an
easy victory over the Clevelands to-day, the
team putting up a miserable game. Soxalexts,
the Indian, appeared in right field again for
the home team. Attendance, 300. Score:
Club— R. II E.
Cleveland 2 7 2
St. Louis *. 12 14 1
Batteries Hill and Sugden; Jones and Crlger.
Umpires— O' Day and Brennan.
SLOAN FIRST ON
THREE OCCASIONS
American Jockey Keeps Up His Win-
ning Streak at the Newmarket
Meeting.
LONDON, May 10.— At the second day's
racing of the Newmarket second spring
meeting to-day P. Lorillard's bay colt
Domino 11, ridden by Sloan, won the New
market stakes. Tins race is of three sov
ereigns each, half forfeit, with 2000 Sov
ereigns added. Kent was second and
Harrow third. . The betting was 9 to 4
against Domino 11.
Sloan rode My Lady's Maid for a plate
of ISO sovereigns, but was unplaced. The
winner was Mitchaa. The betting was 13
to 8 against My Lady's Maid.
H. Barii.it i's Sweet Story, 5 to l against,
ridden by Sloan, won an all-aged selling
plate of too reigns.
Sloan rode Sir Waldie Griffith's six
year-old bay horse Eileen Aigis, 9 to 2
against, In the second welter handicap of
250 sovereigns, but was unplaced. The
winner was Leopold de Rothschild's four
year-old brown colt Primloe, by Crafton-
Szenta.
The Spring two-year-old stakes of 20
sovereigns each and 200 sovereigns added
was won by Sir Waldie Griffith's eh. f.
Betty Field, with Sloan up. Lord Stan
ley's chestnut, Rody, was second and Sir
J. Blundell Maples' bay filly St. Millicent
third. Eight horses ran. The betting was
7 to 4 against Betty Field.
POLITICAL CAPITAL
IN A MURDER TRIAL
Candidates for Office Eager to Assist
in the Defense of W. H.
Alford.
LOS ANGELES. May 10.— As Senator 1
Stephen M. White has bet retained to
assist in the prosecution of W. H. Alford
for the alleged murder of Lawyer Jay E. !
Hunter, a number of attorneys who have
been itching for an opportunity to cross
swords With the ex-Senator are seeking
to break into the ranks of the defense.
believing that the case will give them the
opportunity they have long sought. It is
asserted politics is the actuating motive
that underlies this thirst for notoriety,
and as the case is set for May 29 no time
is being lost by those who are most deep
ly concerned. Judge A. W. Harris is
being groomed in certain quarters for the
Sixth District Republican Congressional
nomination, and the Judge would like to
assist in Alford's defense for the fame
the case may give him throughout the
district. The influences that are backing
Harris for Congress are seeking to get
him into the murder trial.
As the case promises to be one of the
most celebrated that has been tried in
the criminal courts here in years, former
Congressman James McLachlan also may
appear In Alford's defense. ■
VIOLATED FISH LAWS. '
SAN RAFAEL, May After an excit
ing chase Deputy Fish Commissioners
Davis and Mathews succeeded to-day in
capturing eight Chinese fishermen engaged
In a violation of the fish laws at Point
San Pedro. Over three hundred pounds
of small fish were secured as evidence.
The Flsh Commissioners were some dis
tance away from the Chinese, who were
in two large junks, when they perceived
them hauling in their nets. They gave
chase and sent the launch Quinnat
through the water so rapidly that the
occupants of the junks were, forced to
release several nets and let them sink
with their finny freight. The fish ob
tained as evidence were small sole, and
completely filled a rowboat towed behind
one of the junks. \
The Chinese, with their boats,- were
taken to San Quentln and thence brought
to this city by rail. Here charges were
preferred against them* by Mathews in
Justice Rodden' court. They gave the
names of Ah Sing, Ah Low, Ah Tie. Ah
BOW, Ah Ping. An Sam, Ah Gim and Ah
Jim. In lieu of cash bail they were lodged
in a cell in the County Jail by Constable
George Agnew.
CONVERTED TO REVISION.
NEW YORK, May 10.— A special cable
to the Sun, dated London. May 11, says:
The Paris correspondent of the Daily
News says that the conversion of the
| Judges of the Court of Cassation to re
vision of the Dreyfus case has been rapid,
and that a majority of ten is now in favor
of revision.
Prime Minister Dttpuy now calls him
self a revisionist, but this will hardly save
the Government. The Deputies are now
angry at finding that they have been
! placed in a false position by being per
suaded to vote against the criminal
chamber of the Court of Cassation and
i they show more ill-humor than before
1 M. de Freycinet resigned the portfolio of
I the War Ministry. If the Cabinet is
i turned out by this ill-humor, M. Brisson
| will probably be requested to form a new
! Minis
TO NOMINATE CARDINALS.
ROME, May 10.— A Papal consistory will
be held at the end of June for the nomi
nation of ten Cardinals.
Mummy of Thothmes.
LONDON, May 11.— According to a dis
patch from Cairo to the Daily Mail the
director of the Egyptian Museum has dis
covered the mummy of Thothmes I, ofthe
eighteenth dynasty, B. C. 1633, and three
other mummies. in gilt coffins.
San Franciscan's Suicide.
VICTORIA, B. <".. May 10—The Cot
tage City brings the news that James
Freeman has committed suicide at Atlin.
He went from San Francisco to Skaguay
with his wife a year ago.
MISS EGAN DREW
A BIG REVOLVED
Was in Readiness for a
Gun Fight.
— ♦ —
HER STORY TOLD IN COURT
— ♦ —
SHOSHONE RESERVATION AF
FRAY REVIEWED.
♦
Dr. Meriwither Testifies That He
Took the Weapon From tbe
Woman and Fired at Her
Assailants.
• -,
— '-a •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WINNEMUCCA, Nev., May 10— Miss
Anna C. Egan. teacher of the. Indian
school at the Shoshone reservation, Dr.
A. A. Meriwither, physician of the res
ervation, and F. W. Carson are having
their examination at this place by the
United States Commissioner, charged
with an attempt to murder Indian Agent
Mayhugh and a reservation employe
named Myers. The trouble dates back to
last month, when Miss Egan's work was
Interfered with by Myers and Mayhugh,
and she drew her revolver upon them, it
is alleged in self-defense.
The prosecution had a number of In
dians on the stand to-day, whose testi
mony was conflicting and unimportant.
Mayhugh testified that Miss Egan had
drawn her reveolver on him and Myers
and that Dr. Meriwither had taken the
weapon from her hand ami tired it at him.
Myers testified that he had simply tried
,to frighten Miss Egan, but that Miss
Egan would not be frightened.
Miss Egan testified that Mayhugh and
Myers had come to the schoolhouse and
demanded that one of the pupils be given
up. They had reached for their weapons
and she drew her revolver to defend the
pupil who was under her charge. When
Dr. Meriwither appeared on the scene he
took the pistol from her hand and fired at
the agent and Myers.
Dr. Meriwither testified that he found
Miss Egan, revolver in hand, confronted
by Myers and Mayhugh, who were draw
ing their weapons. He was unarmed, but
he took the pistol from Miss Egan's hand
and fired at the two men in defense
of the woman.
Mrs. Meriwither testified that through a
telescope she had seen Mrs. Mayhugh arm
her husband before he started for the
schoolbi
The case goes on to-morrow. Miss Egan
is a woman of gentle demeanor, who does
not look like one who would engage In a
gun fight. Public sentiment is against
Mayhugh, who has had much trouble at
the reservation. The Indians are excited
over the affair.
TEMPERANCE CONVENTION.
Women of Sonoma and Marin Coun-
ties in Session.
SANTA ROSA, May 10.— The fourteenth
annual bi-county convention of the So
noma and Marin Women's Christian Tem
perance Union was called to order to
night in the First Baptist Church of this
city by Mrs. a. J. Wheeler, the president.
Rev. William Martin of the First Pres
byterian Church delivered an address of
welcome on behalf of the churches. A. S.
Gibbons welcomed the visitors on be
half of the Good Templars. Mrs. Jennie
E. Reading responded upon behalf of the
"Women's Christian Temperance Union.
Music followed, and the evening was
brought to a close by the singing of the
temperance •*Doxology" and tlie rendition
of the benediction.
A number of well-known speakers are
in attendance, Mrs. Sturtevant Peet, the
State president, being among the number.
The convention will remain in session un
til Saturday morning. The officers of the
association are: Mrs. J. A. Wheeler,
president; Mrs. Ruth Corbon, * vice
president; Mrs. D. S. Dickson, 'corre
sponding secretary; Mrs. Angle Allen, re
cording secretary; Mrs. W. H. Prunk,
treasurer; Mrs. M. W. Metzgar, auditor.
— a»,
WINDSOR'S CRUSADE.
Citizens Seek to Close a Disorderly-
House.
SANTA ROSA. May 10.— Reilly and
D. Nash, proprietors of the resort known
as the Hotel de Windsor at Windsor, a
few miles north of this city, were ar
rested this afternoon and charged with
keeping a disorderly house.
The arrest is the result of a mass meet
ing of Windsor citizens held several days
ago to protest against allowing the place
to continue in operation. A committee of
citizens was appointed to confer with the
District Attorney. Upon his advice di
rect evidence was obtained and the ar
rests followed. For years the place in
question is said to have caused great an
noyance to Windsor people. The resort
is situated directly across the- road from
the public school and the citizens' com
mittee alleges its influence is anything
but beneficial to the pupils. The present
proprietors are comparative strangers in
Windsor, having taken charge less than
three weeks ago. They came from San
Francisco.
Death of George Earl.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— Hon. George
Earl, First Assistant Postmaster General
under Grant, died to-night.
" I "■
/Nervous Dyspepsia^
Mf Headache Costiveness \fi
Ml Nervousness & Sleeplessness \B
H Coated Tongue ■+• Belching IB
Eg Pain in Stomach -f Irritable Temper 111
HI Dizziness ' Bloating IS
1 HUDYAN CORES. J
Q Nervous dyspepsiia is a malady that disorders the whole system, inducing O
_ biliousness and constipation, causes a rush of bio to the head, creates ncr- n
v vousness and insomnia. HUDYAN will cure. HUDYAN will correct any °
Q weakness of the stomach. Q
f, FRESNO. Cal. j LOS ANGELES. Cal. Q
TC DEAR DOCTORS: lam thankful to say ; DEAR DOCTORS: My digestion was de- „
**•*■ that lam entirely cured of dyspepsia. Hud- ran *s«-d z" 1,1 I was very nervous. Suffered a *>-»
— van worked like a charm and I *h-ill -, 1 ? r,,;| deal with headache, and could not ')
v >an worked like a charm, ana 1 shall al- sleep at _, _ht j took H d _ s directe A, '
C ways recommend It. I have no more of and from the verj' flrst dose I noticed an O
those nervous headaches, and my appetite improvement. After Taking two and a half 0
!: t.Vj-VA'V '■ * have ca « d F^+SSSS** Packages I And that lam entirely cured. Z.
Q in weight. . H. A. QUARTZ. MISS KAT E MORRIS. O
Ot* , H V DYA , N v Wil I CUTe - the . most obstinate case of dyspepsia or indigestion. o
w It is for sale by druggists, 50c a package or six packages for }: 50. „ a
O „ "your druggist does not keep HUDf AN send direct t" the HUDYAN O
0 REMEDY COMPANY, corner Stockton, Ellis and Market streets, San 0
*"* r ranclsco, ( al. .
O YOU HAVE THE PRIVILEGE OF CONSULTING THK HUDYAN '
0 DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF CHARGE CALL OB WRITE. 3
000000000000000000000000-«_>«woooooooo
RAYMOND LOOTED
FIFTY DWELLINGS
Record of the San Jose
Burglar.
y
* ■
ORIGINAL IN HIS METHODS
— « —
■
BAFFLED THE POLICE FOR FIVE
MONTHS.
a ■
' He Stole a Horse and Buggy Each
Time He Started Out on.
His Midnight Depre
dations.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 10.— Chief of Police
Kid ward has accumulated enough evi
dence to prove thai Frank Raymond,
who is charged with having looted Ar
chitect "Wolfe's residence, is none other
than "The Borer,' whose mysterious
operations in this city for the past five '
months have baffled the authorities.
Besides being guilty of grand larceny
and burglary, Raymond will have to
answer to the United States postal au
thorities for having robbed the Frohm
postoffice.
Raymond was stylish in his opera
tions. Whenever he started out to com
mit a burglary he always stole a horse
and buggy and rode to and from the
place. This rule was invariably carried
out. The police records show that on
every night a burglary was committed
a horse and buggy were stolen.
On December 22 last Dr. Gates horse
and buggy were stolen, and that night
three houses were entered. A day or
two later the robes from the rig-were
found in a house next door to where
Raymond resided. "The Borer" always
gained entrance to houses by boring out
a panel in the door.
At the burglary of the Willow Glen
schoolhouse a note was left behind.
The writing and spelling correspond
with Raymond's, as did the chiroeraphy
left after the Frohm postoffice burg
lary.
Chief Kidward has done some skill
ful work in the case, Raymond had
committed fifty burglaries, and timid
women had become so alarmed that
husbands were compelled to remain at
j home evenings.
TERRILL GIVES HIMSELF UP.
SAN JOSE, May 10.— Attorney Samuel
B. Terrill, who was Indicted yesterday
by. the Grand Jury for forgery and em
bezzlement in connection with a bogus
mortgage, called at the jail at noon to
day and gave himself up. The bail is
$3000 on each charge. •rill made no at
tempt to give bonds, and to-night is In
jail. He has engaged several attorneys
and it is thought he ill attempt to ob
tain his release on a writ of habeas cor
pus, holding that he cannot be tried for
this offense when extradited on another.
Terrill will have his preliminary exam
ination to-morrow afternoon on a charge
of having embezzled 1300 from the Chris
topher Faull estate, for which he was
brought back from Arizona.
1 «.
HAY CROP A FAILURE.
LOS ANGELES, .Way 10.— It i- said that
' the hay crop has failed almost com
pletely in the San Fernando Valley. The
I rain came too late. A county horticul
tural inspector has just returned from
an official visit to that section and brings
back dismal reports. One of the big hay
ranchers expects to get no more than
fifty tons of hay from 2000 acres this sea
son. Another will be surprised if the crop
from 5000 acres of the best hay land in
the alley amounts to more than 100 tons.
Much of the bay is not up high enough
to mow at all, and many of the ranchers
: will not do any haying this season.
j *
Shafter Homestead to Be Sold.
NEW YORK, May 10.— A special to the
Sun from Niles, Mich., says: The home
stead near Galesburg where General W./
R. Shatter was born and reared is to be
torn down and the property sold. During
the fight before Santiago the' homestead
was visited by hundreds and parts of the
old log house were carried away as relics.
Death at Marysvilie.
MARYSVILLE, May 10.— Mrs. Julia Mc-
Tavish, a pioneer nurse of this city, died
suddenly at an early hour this morning
of cerebral hemorrhage. She was a na
tive of Illinois and aged 66 years. Four
daughters, two of whom are residents of
Brownsville, this county, and one a resi
dent of San Jose, are surviving relatives.
First Apricots Shipped.
WINTERS, May 10.— The first Royal ap
ricots for the season were shipped from
Winters yesterday by B. W. Shepherd,
agent for the Producers' Company. They
were billed to New Orleans. This is a
week earlier than last year, and the fruit
is of better size than usual.THE TROOP GETS A CREW
ASTORIA, Or., May 10.— The troubles between the sailor boarding-house people and the British ship Howard D.
Troop were settled to-day and the vessel is now ready to proceed to sea with a full crew. The boarding
house men paid the cost of all the litigation, amounting to $3000.
REUNION OF THE
CONFEDERATES
Question of the Care of
Their Dead Discussed.
Special Dispatch to The CaU.
CHARLESTON, S. C. May 10—
m si the first official art of the ninth
annual reunion of the United Confed
erate Veterans, which began its ses
sions to-day, .4*5 an attempt by Gen
eral Stephen D. Lee of Mississippi to
secure an indorsement of President Mc-
Kiuley's suggestion, made in his re
cent Atlanta speech, that the care of
the graves of Confederate dead should
be undertaken by the Federal Govern
ment- Action on the resolution was
frustrated by a motion to refer it to
the committee on resolutions. As this
committee is yet to. be appointed it is
not probable that the matter will be
taken up to-morrow, and the ultimate
fate of the resolution is problematical.
The motion to refer originated with Dr.
J. W. Malone of Virginia and met with
some opposition.
T. ii. Busbee of North Carolina
thought the resolution should be re
ferred. Jt wouid do do harm to refer
aiid no disrespect »a- Intended. Every
loyal Confederate appreciated the cour
tesy and good intentions of President
McKinley in what he had said at At
lanta. "But," Mr. Busbee said, "there
ought to be a distinction between the
graves in the North, between graves
in Chicago or Columbus and those on
the fields of Virginia and the South.
There is a difference between the
graves and their care. Here there are
those who willingly and cheerfully take
care of the graves of the noble heroes
(pointing in the direction of the boxes
filled with idles). In the North and
East there may not be these loving
hands, and that is why 1 say there is
a distinct!'
After this it was decided without
further discussion that the resolutions
be referred to the committee on resolu
tions.
A conservative estimate places the
number of visitors at between 25,000
and 35.000.
When John B. Gordon, the comman
der-in-chief, appeared before the con
vention he received a tremendous ova
tion. The old Confederate chieftain was
presented by General Walker and de
livered an eloquent address. When he
closed General Gordon led Mrs. Stone
wall Jackson to the front of the stage
and she was enthusiastically ap
plauded.
The parade of the veterans occurred
this afternoon and they marched
through a dense crowd of cheering peo
ple, Jed by Generals Gordon and Wade
Hampton, along the line of the grizzled
old warriors.
At intervals alone the line the flut
tering of a war-worn and shot-torn
flag called forth cheers, while many
heads were bared as the frayed em
blems of a dead cause gleamed over
some organization whose name Is a
household word to the South.
Hampton and Gordon were cheered
vociferously at every step and rode
almost the entire route with bared
heads. The absence of General Wheeler
in the line was a source of considerable
disappointment. II. • reached the city
early to-day, but did not participate in
tin: jjarade.
SURVEY ORDERED FOR
TRANS-PACIFIC CABLE
* VICTORIA. B. C. May 10.-Matters are
going forward toward the establishment
of the trans-Pacific cable. A week ago
the government of the province of British
Columbia wrote to the Ottawa govern
ment ring to contribute (1,000,000, a
ninth of the cost of the cable. To-day
the news is given on good authority from
Esquimau; the British naval station on
tiiis coast, that ','. M. S. hi eria, Captain
Smythe. is to be commissioned within a
few lays to survey for a cable between
British Columbia and New South Wales.
The Egeria is tho survey ship of the
North Pacific fleet. She is now engaged
in surveying the Inland waters to the
north of British Columbia, making new
charts, which will be very valuable to
vessels in the Alaskan trade. An officer
of the Amphion. one of tho warships now
in port, said to-day that efforts had been
made to get a larger vessel, as the Egei ia
was rather small for the service, but ow
ing' to the delay that would be occasioned
in bringing such a vessel around the
Horn the admiralty have decided to com
mission the Egeria.
Th.* route chosen, said the officer, would
be an all British one. It would extend
from Victoria to Norfolk island, or per
haps Tonga, and then to Sydney, New
South Wales. The cost of the cable will
be borne as follows: Canada, $4,000,000*
British Columbia, $1,000,000; •Victoria'
Queensland, South Australia and New
Soul Wales each $1,000,000.
Golden Wedding Celebrated.
SANTA CRUZ, May 10.— Mr. and Mrs.
J. T. Heard have Just celebrated their
golden wedding. They were married fifty
years ago at Benton, Wis., and have
> Beven children living. For the past four
w ."ears Santa Cruz has been their home.
Brigadier General Kjng Writes About Our Soldier Boys ir) t\)e Blood-Stained TreQches of MaQila in Next Sunday's Call.
BRITISH SHIP HOWARD D. TROOP.
STONE HURLED AT
OPEN CAR WINDOW
SAN JOSE, May 10.— In all probability some hoodlum who attended
the picnic of the Electrical Workers of San Francisco in this city last
Sunday will be called to answer to a charge of murder. Miss Lillian
Post, an 18-year-old girl, who resides on San Carlos street, near Pro
vost, has a fractured skull and is lying at death's door because of a
ruffianly act of some picnicker. The girl had been on a visit to friends
in San Francisco and left there on the 6:30 train for home. The ex
cursionists were met at Burlingame, and as the^trains passed some one
hurled a stone through an open window. It hit Miss Post on the head.
Her skull was fractured and she was rendered unconscious. A stop of
twenty minutes was made at San Mateo and the railroad physician
there attended Miss Post. She was then brought to her home and Dr.
Gussim is attending her for the railroad. Miss Post is suffering from
concussion of the brain and has been unconscious most of the time. The
chances are against her recovery.
It is said the railroad company has taken the case up and that de
tectives are at work looking up evidence to sustain a charge of murder
or assault to murder, as it may turn out.
WIFE'S AFFECTION
TAKEN FROM HIM
Fresno Man Sues for
Damages.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, May 10.— Andrew M. An
derson, a well-known citizen of this
county, has created a sensation by fil
ing in the Superior Court a suit for
$10,000 against George Smith on the
ground that the latter Alienated his
wife's affections.
In the complaint Anderson makes
two specific charges against Smith,
and on each asks for judgment in the
sum of $5000. The flrst is that on May
25, IS9B. while he and his wife. Theresa
Anderson, were living together happily,
the defendant "contrived to injure the
plaintiff and to deprive him of the
love, comfort, society, aid and assist
ance of his wife, Mrs. Anderson, by
maliciously enticing her away from the
plaintiff's home and residence in the
city of Fresno to a separate residence."
The second charge is that in June
of last year Smith and Mrs. Anderson
were surprised at the Fresno House in
this city.
As both of the principals are well
known citizens, the filing of the suit
has stirred up a sensation in society
circles.
GRAND JURY EXPERT
LOVE UNDER ARREST
Accused by Yuoa County's District
Attorney of Having Presented
False Claims.
MARYSVILLE. May 10.— At the in
stance of District Attorney E. P. Mc-
Daniel of this county, H. H. Love, the
expert accountant employed by the Grand
Jury, was arrested by Sheriff Bevan at
his home in Palermo this morning on a
warrant charging him with having pre
sented false claims against Yuba County
ln violation of section 72 of the Penal
Code, Love Was arraigned before Justice
Garber. He entered a plea of not guilty
i and asked for time to consult his counsel,
whereupon the court set next Tues
day for the preliminary examination and
fixed the defendant's bonds at 53000. These
were given by John C. White, Harold
Comfort li and S. H. Bradley, business
men of this city.
it Is alleged that bills died by Love ,
i with the Supervisors contain charges for
services as expert on days when he did
not work. The District Attorney claims
he had two detectives watching Love
during March and April, and it is on their
evidence and on the testimony of persons :
who will swear that Love was at "his
Palermo home on those days that he
i hopes to obtain a conviction.
_ As the Grand Jury Investigated the mat
ter before adjourning and refused to In- .
diet Love, the latter*, friends declare the
action of the District Attorney was
prompted by his personal hatred of Love,
who, in his report as expert, made state
ments not to Mr. McDaniel's liking. .*;
CHINESE EXCLUDED
FROM THE ISLANDS
Call Headquarters, Wellington, Hotel Washington, May 10.
Assistant Secretary of War Meiklejohn denies saying the Chinese
exclusion act does not apply to Hawaii and that they may enter "there
unrestricted. The solicitor of the Department of Justice recently ren
dered an opinion that the Chinese exclusion act did not apply to those
Chinese residents of Hawaii who were visiting China when the United
States acquired Hawaii, but in all other respects the law applies. Dur
ing the military occupation of Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philippine
Islands the commanding generals have absolute authority and may ad
mit or exclude anybody.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 11, 1899.
FAIL TO RAISE
THE ANDELANA
Five Tugs Haul at the
► Sunken Ship.
a
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MM a. May 10.— An attempt was
made this afternoon to raise the sunken
ship Andelana. which turned turtle
during the high wind on the night of
January 13. Her steel cable and anchor
having been recovered, arrangements
were made to attach five powerful tugs
to the recovered cable In an attempt
to drag her into shallow water, her
present depth of 200 feet being too
great to permit of divers working. At
3 o'clock this afternoon the Andelana
was taken hold of by the big tugs Tyee,
Wanderer and Holyoke, assisted by the
smaller tugs Fairfield and Favorite.
Four hours were spent in pulling, but
almost without result.
The largest two tugs broke their
14-inch Manila cables soon after start
ing, causing them to shoot out toward
the shore as though they were hauling
a plaything. On shore this was taken
to mean that the Andelana had been
lifted and was being beached. What
had actually occurred was not known
until the tugs docked late to-night.
The tugs, working together, exerted a
horsepower of 4000. The Wanderer and
Tyee let out considerable slack cable
several times and then drove ahead at
full speed.. It was believed that this
would dislodge the sunken vessel, but
the efforts were fruitless. It was while
making these attempts that their
cables parted.
The operations of the tugs were di
rected by Captain John B. Libby, gen
eral manager of the Puget Sound Tug
boat Association.
No doubt now remains that the An
delana is stuck fast in the mud at the
bottom of the harbor. Soundings show
that the mud there is not over three
feet deep. To-morrow more barges will
be sent out and efforts made to dislodge
her by means of powerful donkey en
gines, making use of the rise and fall
of the tide, If she is dislodged ln this
way the tugs will be recalled from Port
Townsend and another attempt made
to pull her ashore.
An important result of the raising
of the vessel will be the recovery of th***
bodies of Captain Stalling and thir
teen seamen.
Cadets Beaten at Baseball.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 10.— A same of
l baseball was played on the Pacific Grove
diamond to-day between the St. Matthews
Cadets from San Mateo and the Pacific
Grove team. Eight innings were played,
the score being 14 to 0 in favor of the
Pacific Grove nine. The Cadets played a
strong game, the pitching of Leiblan being
especially good, but the Pacific Grove
team won by its splendid work at the bat.
Hon. Ross Sargent of Monterey umpired
I the game.
\- .i-.y 
PEACE DELEGATES
REACH LONDON
Seth Low and Captain
Mahan Welcomed.
— ♦ —
REFUSE TO BE INTERVIEWED
— ♦ —
ENGLAND WILL JOIN AMERICA
ON ARBITRATION.
a-
During the Coming Disarmament
Conference at The Hague the Prop
osition Will Be Considered
at Great Length.
■— -■
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9'J, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, May 10.— When the special
express from Southampton rolled into
the Waterloo station last night the
private saloon contain*- Seth Low and
Captain Mahan, delegates to the Peace
Conference; Mrs. Low, Frederic Hoi
11s, secretary, and Frederic Morrison,
disbursing officer.
The party was met by Mr. Carter,
second secretary of the American Em
bassy, and drove from the station to
their hotel immediately.
Mr. Low, when asked by the Herald
correspondent in regard to the state
ment that England and America would
join in advocating international arbi
tration at the conference, said he could
not say anything on the subject at the
present moment. Captain Mahan also
declined to express himself.
I understood, however, that interna
tional arbitration will be the principal
point studied by the international Com
missioners at the Hague, and it is
quite possible that the subject may oc
cupy their deliberations for possibly
two months.
The general impression is that while
the English and American delegates
have not received identical instructions
they will take the same line at the con
ference. ;'./'-."-":
Embassador Choate will give a
luncheon party at his house on Friday
in honor of Mr. Low and Captain Ma
han, at which Sir Julian Pauncefote,
Sir John Fisher and other British dele
gates to the conference will be pres
ent, as well as a number of diplomats.
The Duke of Devonshire, Lord Presi
dent of the Council of Ministers, speak
ing this evening at the annual banquet [
of the Central Association of Bankers,
said that while Great Britain's expend- j
itures had been enormous any less
financial preparedness would have
lessened her chances of amicable agree
ment with the United States, France
and Russia.
England's armaments, he declared,
had made arbitration over the Venezu
ela controversy possible and had pre
served the most amicable relations
with the great republic. It would be
asking too much to expect that all
these treaties would lead to universal
permanent peace, but what had been
done shows that Great Britain recog- i
nized the responsibilities resting upon ;
her and was willing to use her power
and wealth rightfully.
FAVOR ELECTING SENATORS
BY DIRECT POPULAR VOTE
Interesting Resolution Adopted by
the Convention of Virginia
Democrats.
NEW YORK, May 10.-A Richmond
(Va.) special P. tie- Herald says: The
convention of Democrats here to-day to
further the election of United States Sen
ators by a direct vote of the people met
at noon and adjourned before dark, hav
ing adopted resolutions embodying the
purposes for which the convention was
called, and hearing with enthusiasm the
sentiments of leading signers of the call.
The resolutions adopted recited the evils
in connection with the present method of
electing Senators as being in disregard
of the will of the people, declared for a
change in the Federal constitution so they
shall be elected by the people and pend
ing such change the nomination of party
candidates for the Senate by a State pri
mary and with a Legislature to legalize
such primaries. They ask the State Com
mittee to provide for holding a State pri
mary or convention to nominate a Sena
tor, and In case the committee declines
they appeal to the Democrats of each
legislative district to nominate no man
to the Legislature unless he favors these
principles and favors the candidate who
is an advocate thereof.
The resolutions also provide for the or
ganizing of members of the convention
Into a Democratic league for reform in
the election of United States Senators
with an executive committee of twenty.
The object of the league is not only to
carry out the purposes of the conven
tion in Virginia, but to secure the, co
operation of Democrats in other States.
«
RAILWAY EMPLOYES
LOCATE OIL CLAIMS
Southern Pacific Guards Against the
Seizure of Its Beach
Lands.
SANTA BARBARA, May 10.—
Southern Pacific Company, having had
much experience in taking up oil lands
along the beach in front of the property
of others, and fearing lest others should
play the same trick along the beach of the
company's property known as Hope
ranch, yesterday secured itself against
such encroachment. The -entire beach
frontage, covering three miles, was cov
ered by mining locations filed by represen
tatives of the company. C. M, Kirk, the
local ticket agent, located a claim to be
known as Asphalta claim; L. Richardson
Jr., the local freight agent, Petrolia
claim; F. M. Frye, head of the company
in this division, Isabella claim, and J. X
Harrington, agent for the Pacific Im
provement Company and civil engineer
and surveyor for the Southern Pacific
Company, Volcano claim. F. M. Frye
said sufficient development work would be
done to perfect title to these claims.
-♦-
PRACTICALLY SHUTS OUT
TRUSTS FROM MICHIGAN
Senate Passes Bill That Is Intended
to Prevent Combinations in
That State.
LANSING, Mich., May 10.— A bill passed
the Senate to-day practically shutting
trusts out of Michigan, and its friends
claim votes enough in the House to pass
it. It prevents trusts and monopolies of
capital, skill or arts from creating or
carrying out restrictions in trade or com
merce, „from limiting or reducing pro
duction or increase; from reducing the
price of merchandise or any commodity
or fixing any standard or figure whereby
the price to the public consumer of any
article or commodity of merchandise
shall be in any manner controlled or es
tablished. In addition to criminal and
civil penalties provided, any person in
jured in his business by a trust may sue
and recover two-fold the damages sus
tained. -■ -~ :
TACKS PLACED
IN THE PATH OF
RELAY RIDERS
Ugly Charges Growing Out of
the Stockton=Sacramento
Road Race.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
y+;V: ' ♦
♦ STOCKTON, May 10.— An empty carpet-tack box has been picked +
— + up on Park street, this city, and is now in possession of the Terminal +
♦ City Wheelmen, which makes it evident that the tacks placed in the *♦*
+ course of the relay riders last Sunday before the race were at least *♦
♦ purchased in Sacramento, if not placed there by some Sacrament.: ♦
+ man or other person having an interest in the winning of the race ♦
-*■ by the Capital City Wheelmen. A portion of the small paper seal ♦
*♦* still remains on the box, with the word •"Sacramento" printed on it *♦*
+ in small capital letters. The tacks had been sprinkled along one ♦
♦ side of the road for three or four miles. *♦■
♦ '• -♦*
/♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦'♦♦♦♦♦♦
SACRAMENTO, May 10.— The Capi
tal City Wheelmen, who have a
strong and Influential organiza
tion, arc greatly exercised to-
night over a press dispatch from
Stockton charging them with miscon
duct in connection with last Sunday's
relay race between this city and Stock
ton. Some years ago a valuable trophy
was put up to promote a spirit of
rivalry between the fast riders of the
two cities. Stockton proved herself un
able to keep up with the pace set by
Sacramento, and the result was that
the Capital City Wheelmen managed
to score three victories, thus entitling
them to the possession of the coveted
trophy. The final came off last Sun
day. The race was a close one and
the finish, which took place at the
Stockton end, gave Sacramento the
prize by only a few- yards.
According to the dispatch which has
given rise to so much indignation here,
an empty carpet-tack box was picked
up on Park street, Stockton, and is now
in the possession of the Terminal City
Wheelmen. The dispatch declares there
INDORSES TOE NEW
ADMINISTRATION
La Patria on Reforms
at Havana.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, May 10.— La Patria, one of
the best edited papers in Havana,
comes out to-day with an editorial
strongly indorsing the American ad
ministration. Its utterances are re
garded as representing the best
thoughts of the thinking element of the
community. The editorial says in
part:
If any shadow of doubt could remain
as to the absolutely imperious necessity
of the expulsion of the old Spanish regime
in order that Cuba might have true lib
erty and progress, it must vanish when
one analyzes the series of phenomena de
veloped before our sight day by day. We
are eliminating traditional impediments
and getting rid of the apparently impas
sable obstacles which four centuries of
evil training in political administration
had thrown in our path.
La Patria goes on to contrast the
American method with that of the
"obstinate Spanish" in dealing with
even the simplest reforms. On this
point it says:
Formerly there was agitation among
the people; oceans of Ink and tons of pa
per were used; goods of oratory were
poured out, and then everything ended at
.Madrid in the froth of Spanish promises.
On the other hand, in these days of fruit
ful though silent work we learn of the
most radical reforms when they are pub
lished in the Official Gazette without be
ing preceded by a magnificent conglom
eration of oratory and colored fire. An
order of six lines with a very short pre
amble will represent some bold and benefi
cent measure. I might say that for us a
thin sheet of paper separates the medieval
world from the nineteenth century, and
oftentimes the writing is not indispensable
to enable us to pass from darkness to
light.
As an illustration of its argument La
Patria cites the separation of church
and state and draws a picture of "the
wild parliamentary scenes" that would
have occurred if such a subject had
been agitated in the thirteenth century.
"Yet this has been accomplished," it
says, "by the Americans, and through
this a thousand enormities have been
effaced."
Senor Perfecto Lacoste, Mayor of
Havana, with the approval of Major
General Ludlow, will issue a decree
prohibiting the wearing of undershirts
exposed that is, uncovered by outer
shirts or coats—in public places, door
ways, windows or balconies, under pen
ally of imprisonment at hard labor ln
the discretion of the court. As team
sters, mechanics and most laborers are
accustomed to work in undershirts, the
decree is likely to increase the use of
profane language among the lower
classes. It is a revival of the munici
pal ordinance of 1894, which had not
been enforced. Another decree has been
issued prohibiting smoking in street
cars and omnibuses. With reference
to the latter, La Lucha will say to
morrow that such an order is "petty
and unreasonable among a population
devoted to tobacco."
PALM OFF OLEOMARGARINE.
CHICAGO, May 10.— Fear of social deg
radation keeps many a millionaire of Chi
cago from acknowledging the fact that he
uses oleomargarine in lieu of pure butter,
according to William Brodwell, a witness
before the pure food investigation com
mittee to-day. .'yyy. '- : yyy :
"It's the strangest kind of a game, the
witness said to Senator Mason, "this de
ception that is going on simply because
a man is too proud to let his friends know
that he is using anything that is not the
real article. It would surprise you if you
could learn of the millionaires that come
into my store every lay and carry home
their little package of oleomargarine and
then palm it off on their swell friends as
the real butter."
Mr. Broad well was called* before the
committee to explain why the internal
revenue laws regarding the stamping of
all packages of oleomargerine were not
enforced.
SECRETLY WEDDED.
SANTA ROSA, May 10.— Among the ar
rivals on the Southern Pacific train this
morning from Sacramento were Allison
B. Ware Jr. and wife. Mr.' Ware, who
ls a son of A. B. Ware, the local attor
ney, was married several weeks ago in
Sacramento, but this was not known by
his relatives or friends here until his ar
rival this morning. The bride was for
merly Miss Maud Boyd and resided in
the capital city. The groom for the past
two years has been attending the uni
versity at Berkeley and was a member of
the class of 1901. -:
is evidence that the tacks were pur
chased in Sacramento and strewn along:
the path for three or four miles, either .
by some Sacramentan or other person
having an Interest in the winning 0_
the race.by the Capital City Wheelmen.*
J. A. Woodson, president of the Capi
tal City Wheelmen, declares it is out
rageous that such a message should
have been sent out. He adds these
rather interesting charges against the
Stocktonians:
"We have it upon excellent authority
that there was trickery on the part of
the Stockton people. Wilson, who was
the trailer for Hirsch, one of the relay
race riders, was told at Stockton that
the Sacramentans would be done up.
He was told that tacks would be placed
on the track. Wilson was warned to
be on the lookout, and, of course, there
was great precaution. Notwithstanding
this, however, some tacks were picked
up. They were scattered along the road
for a distance of four or more miles."
The Capital City Wheelmen assert
that the record of their club is clean,
and that the character of the men who
represented the local riders in last
Sunday's race is a guarantee of the
honesty of the event, so far as Sacra
mento's participation in it is concerned.
GAGE SURPRISES
THE POLITICIANS
Unexpected Appoint
ments Made.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, May Governor
Gage this morning appointed the fol
lowing as members of the board of
trustees of the State Normal School at
Los Angeles; R. H. F. Variel. Henry
W. O'Melveny, N. P. Conrey. Los An
geles; John S. Collins, Ventura, and E.
J. Louis, San Diego.
LOS ANGELES, May 10.— Governor
Gage has surprised the politicians at
this end of the State by his appoint
ments of trustees to the Los Angeles
Normal School. Assemblyman Conrey
is the single member of Governor
Budd's board to be reappointed. His
name had been withdrawn by the Gov
ernor from confirmation by the Sen
ate last winter, along with other Budd
appointees. Besides, Conrey voted in
Sacramento for Robert N. Bulla for
United States Senator, and not for
Colonel D. M. Burns.
The Governor's appointment of E. J.
i Louis of San Diego appears to be in
the nature of a reciprocal arrangement,
i as I. B. Dockweiler of this city has been
! named as trustee of the Normal School
| in San Diego.
Henry W. O'Melveny is a well known
' lawyer who was two years ago a gold
: Democrat. He and the Governor have
\ been personal friends since boyhood.
R. H. F. Variel is a brother of the
chairman of the Sixth District Republi
can Congressional Committee. John S.
Collins is a well-known resident of
Ventura County, a banker and Mayor
of the town of Ventura.
It was expected in political circles 1
that among the trustees of the new j
board would be Professor Molyneaux j
of Pomona.
YOUNG HEROES PAY THE
PENALTY FOR GREATNESS
Lads Who Saved Lives ht a Fire Are
Made Principals in a
Kissing Bee.
SAN RAFAEL, May 10.— The osculatory
feats of Lieutenant Hobson were rivaled
; to-night at the residence of Capitalist
William G. Lichtenberg, the occasion
! being the presentation of badges to his
i two sons, William and Rudolph, for their
1 heroism in saving the lives of Principal
Hitchcock's little children at the Selborne
School fire on April 23. All the ladies
present participated in the kissing bee,
and most of them were not content with
once pressing the boys' lips, leading
Judge Morrow to observe that Hobson
had set a precedent likely to be carried
to a point where a prohibitory law would
soon be a necessity in order to afford the
heroes of the male sex a chance for their
: lives. . vy: ;y ■* y
i The badges were presented by Colonel
I Parnell in behalf of the California So
. ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, and Captain H. A. "Gorley
pinned them on the boys' coats. Judge
Morrow then delivered a brief address,
in which he said acts of heroism were
not confined to the battlefield of Manila
; at the present time, the case of the Lich
tenberg boys forming a shining example
of the truth of his remarks.
] Both boys acknowledged their gratifica
tion at the feeling manifested, but were
i inclined to think they had done nothing
but their duty. It was then that the kiss
' ing began, and fifteen minutes were spent
at it. As soon as the address of Miss
( Bltimfield can be learned the society will
award her a medal.
I Among those present were: Colonel W."
R. Parnell. Captain and Mrs. H. A. Gor
ley. Officer McMurray of the society, Mr.
: and Mrs. Lichtenberg, Judge and Mrs.
i Angcllotti, Mr. and Mrs. James H. Wil
kins, Mr. and Mrs. Hepburn Wilkins, Dr.
i and Mrs. Jones, W. S. Dreypolcher, Pro
| fessor and Mrs. Hitchcock. Dr. and Mrs.
; Wickman, Judge Mahon, Mr. and Mrs.
| Bertheau, Dr. and Mrs. Martin, the
Misses Stewart, Mrs. Ash and Mrs.
Grlffln. -_..-.
HUNTINGTON STOPS
WORK ON THE "GAP"
LOS ANGELES, May 10.— Work on the
Southern Pacific coast line between Surf
and wood was ordered stopped to-day.
A property-owner across whose land the
line was to run made some demands for
the right of way which were considered
unreasonable by, the company, and as a
result the* contractors were notified to
discontinue work on the gap pending* ad
justment of the. difficulty. Two hundred
and fifty men are. thrown out of employ
ment. . :"y\ —
ADVERT^ SEMENTS.
"^CARTERS"
sick headache
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress irom Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. ' Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
>" Ma SAVE YOUR MONE ;yT|
';! jL. From $10 to $17.50 ji
!, JM____ You can ' get the best All-Wool /
'1 |p§£g||lß£ Suit Made to Order at ',
: :^pJOE POHEIM;:
i' 7 WfcJw If you want a first-c^ass, ]i
I Egals ' well-'ittm-r suit of clothes /
■H from $20 to $40 fro to i|
; : If JOE POHEIM !;
1 1 "^VJPfI Fine Clothes at 25 per \
, cent less than elsewhere. /
]i 201-203 Montgomery .St., Cor. Bush, 1!
1110-11 Market St.. S. F. t
SECOND SUCCESSFUL. TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OP
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient lives
In as atmosphere that positively kills tbs
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to ths
weakening: night sweats and cough. Tempera-
ture falls .to normal, and four weeks' treat-
ment Invariably Increases weight from six to
twenty pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Tiling Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New Tork. writes: "t
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
I Im- Not Im-l
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
— j urr
Ist Stage..! MO I • M
tx\ Stags.. IS 11 13 1 M
Sd Stage.. SO I IS 15 M
The Sanatorium Is owned and operated by
th* San Gabriel Sanatorium Co.. practicing ths
Antiseptic * Oermlclal Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are ln attendance. Ths
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open flres. The rooms— over 100 la
number— cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium Is delightfully located, ntns
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelvs
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room,, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free ' for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods of treatment, • will ba mailed frsa
on application.
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel. Cal.
Health is Weal.
" i-krvi-- • .. BBAIN
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL^ ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Is sold under positive Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizziness. Wakefulness, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
ness, Nieht Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
dence, Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive U s o of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, ■which leads to Misery. Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
box; six for $5; with -written enarauteeita
core or refund money. Sample pack-
age, containing fivo daye treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cent*. Ono sample only sold t3
each person. j At 6toro or by mail.
§j^*Rcd Label Special^!*||p&
Extra Strength. §_WL_\
For Impotency, Loss o£«jW"*or«
Power, Lost Manhood, «£ *.<!*/
Sterility or Barreaness.'j. jR
51 a box; six for $5, witha-JN^j-**/
written eaarantceM»wfJ|W
« _,_ to euro in 30 day-. At stored W £SL v
B^FORE-rrb "I. Ar-TEf*.
GEORGE DAHLBENDER * CO.. Sola Agt*..
Ut- Kearny st., Saa Francisco.
j (Made only by John I. Brown & Son, Boston.) I
: give instant relief in {
Hoarseness!
E*f_i_-Lj^j »■■■ i ■.-).' r- w-™*fc*u___B___S
t visit M, *JOHUAM '"* ©*»**
jfiigl Museum of Anatomy
|SMfi\ 1051 _:__._£- ST. lti. 6th 4 7t_, S.F. C«L
fi ~£ *■ Tbe Largest of its kind ie the World.
lJBtl DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IJfwvp1 Jfwvp Conanltatios frte. Write for l'«o«
I Philosophy of Marriage.
MAKE PERFECT MEM
SUO NOT DESPAIR ! DonotSuf-
fer Longer! Tlie joys and ambition*! ot
life can be r«f*ore_ to you. Th« very
worst cases of »rvou» Debility ara
absolutely -cured by PEBFECTO
15 LETS. Sire prompt relief to In-
somnia, tailing memory and the waste
and drain 01 vital powers, incurred by
Indiscretions or excesses of early years.
, . Impart vifror ami potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to tho eyes of A^*T\youni*-orold.
One box renews vital enerpry . J_" AfJ 6 boxes »l
SS.SOacompletei-uaranreedcuicTOra^o'' money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest "*-■«->' pocket. Sold
everywhere. r.f inni'>-c! In r:- 1 :' •• * -' ■— ** nn -ipt ot
v - -.*'.- - 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co., 8. F. and Oakland.
34
DARE II NEARLY
BANKRUPTED HIS
MANY FOLLOWERS
Finished Among the
"Also Rans."
a
MAJOR HOOKER IN FRONT
— —
REIFF FIRST ON WHALEBACK IN
A DRIVE.
♦
Sly Defeated Wyoming in a Head
— Recreation Led Her Com
pany Out — Three Choices
Won at Oakland.
The crushing defeat of Dare II In the
mile and a quarter -handicap at Oakland !
yesterday was a Bad blow to the knowing |
ones financially. Tho chestnut horse, with ;
Ruiz In the ---addle, had a very extensive I
following, which backed him for a "mor- |
al" at even money. Ruiz trailed the .
bunch, and if his mount had any speed
he was unable to make him put it to any
use, finishing last but one. After leading ;
to within a few yards of the wire, Em
Ftein was overtaken and beaten out by
Major Hooker, a 10 to 1 shot, well ridden
by Jack Ward.
Of six favorites Flamora, Sly and No
via wero the winning ones. Johnny Reiff
landed one of the long shots In Whale
back, which defeated Jennie Reid in a
very exciting finish. -
Ed Purser's filly, Flamora, met five
youngsters of inferior quality in the first
event, and at odds of 1 to 4 was only
slightly played. After leading all the way
she was hard ridden to beat Jennie Riley
a length. Surfeit ran a distant third.
The Undertakers' Relief Corps did noble
work in the sprint that followed, over
tlie Futurity course. Amasa, the favor
ite, with Ruiz up. was carefully nursed,
but life was soon extinct and he was not
in the front rank at the finish. The well- j
backed Recreation won driving, a head
before February, ridden by "Nutcracker"
Steward.
In a head finish Sly. the 5 to 2 favorite,
downed Wyoming a head for the third
purse. Socialist and Imperious, the pace
makers, had enough of it when the stretch
was reached. Ruiz, on the lirst choice,
gradually assumed the lead, md outrid
ing Tullet, on Wyoming, earned the ver
dict. Hahn. on amela, secured the
show honors.
Johnny Reiff, aboard the 10 to l shot,
Whaleback, dropped from clouds, snatch
ing the fourth race by a scant head from
Jennie Reid. Festosa ruled favorite, but
stopped badly when half the distance had
been covered. Glover, with the leg up on
Jennie Reid, looked to have the race well
in hand th last sixteenth, when Rein
came with a rush, winning on the last \
stride. Rey Hooker was third.
The fast mare Novla had nothing much
to beat in her race, winning hands down
at short odds. Silver State took the place
from P. A. Flnnegan.
Track Notes.
Novia. winner of the fifth race, was
bid up 52<X) over her entered selling price.
The stable retained her.
Trainer William Murry will , leave for
New York on Sunday night with the Cam
bridge stable horses. Garnet Ferguson
will ship a trio of two-year-olds in the
same car.
Starter J. B. Ferguson, who has no en
gagements in prospect, will Journey to
the Eastern country some day next week.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are to-day's entries:*
First Race— Five-eiKhths ot a mile; maidens;
two-year-olds:
10(15 Aborigine 110 1101 Tanobe 110
1107 Surfeit 110 1005 Jolly 8rit0n. ...110
1101 Juletto 110 ■ 10?5 Tizona 113
10S3 San Tomas 113 1- 1095 Tom Sharkey.. .llo
1078 MiF* Sophie... .llol 1101 St. lmir ....110
1095 Racetto 110 1 1035 Gllssando 113
1101 I'ythia 110 1073 Bogus Bill 113
1101 Atelog ...110 105S Palapa 110
1101 Hindoo Princ's.llo. 1073 Kickumbob ....113
Second Race— Three quarters of a mile; sell
ing*, three-year-olds and up:
10»"5 Royal Fan .... 98 1 1099 Sir X* rian 99
1094 Outright ...109 1066 Oraibee 95
(l*o9)Sly 113 . Heigh Ho 105
1106 Highland Ball. llo 1 1106 Tony Llcalzl.T.lll
1051 Teribio ... .v.. . 103 , 3099 Horatio 112
1105 OeJiu 1051 1099 Alaria 93
1110 Rey Hooker.... 98 1
Third Race— and a quarter miles; sell
ing; three-year-olds and up:
(1079)Personne 11l ,<1056)l"lm M
1068 rwlnkl rwlnk.lo9 j 1102 Tempo 110
1109 Castake 107 1076 Eureka 114
1085 Uvln X ..111l I'M Roadrunner ...in
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth ration;
selling; three-year-olds and up:
10S1 Malay M 1079 A. I. Spreekels.. lls
1106 Los Medanos...lol 1100 Rey del Tierra.ll4
Fifth Race Three-quarters of a mile; maid
ens: four-year-olds and up; selling:
1098 Rio Glenn 102 i 1098 Nuncomar 107
1096 Lomo 102 1 1109 Flacon 105
1111 Melkarth . 102 1 1098 Paul Kruger. ..los
K>46 Santa Lucia H>o! mi Henry C... 105
1098 Catastrophe — 102 1 1098 I "ywo 102
569 Dem Zem .. 1001.109S Mercellus 105
Sixth — One mile; four-year-olds and up:
1071 Inverary 1 1.... 112 i 1100 Storm King.. ..119
<1090)Glbbetifi!bbet ..114, 1034 Ringmaster 116
1104 San Venado....lls] 1104 Imp. Mistral 11.119
Selections for To-Day.
First Race San Tomas, Aborigine. Gllssando.
Second Race— Alaria, Sly. Heigh Ho.
Third Race— Clm, Castake. Tempo.
Fourth Race— Adolph Spreekels, Malay, Los
Mcdanos.
Fifth Race— Marcelles, Catastrophe, Rio
Glenn.
Sixth Race- San Venadn, Inverary 11, Storm
Steel Rivets for Boilers.
John BermiQgham, Supervising Inspec
tor of Stettin Vessels] was notified by the
department at Washington yesterday that
marine boilers built of steel plates must
have steel rivets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" GIBSON RYE."
In Cases,
Square Bottles.
The finest Pur» Monongahela Rye Whisky,
distilled by the Oih-onton Mills on the Monon-
gahela River, MOORE & SINN" OTT. Proprie-
tors.
CHARLES MEIXECKE & CO.,
Bala Agents, 314 Sacramento Street, S. F.
A POOR MISSIONARY
NOW A MILLIONAIRE
4 T~*t EV. EDWARD MORGAN, late assistant rector of the Mission of the
-> i-J Good Samaritan on Second street, is now a millionaire. By the death
5 I I of an aunt in New York he comes into a fortune that will enable
*» -*■ *- him to give full play to his love for missionary work without any
> thought for the dollars and cents that are so necessary in such an under
-3 taking.
4 The Rev. Edward Morgan was born in Bantry, Ireland, about thirty-four
5 years ago. His father was a general in the British army and ids only brother
• was a captain In the Life Guards. Both father and son retired from army
£ life some years ago and are now living on the family estates. Very wealthy
"5 relatives of the Morgans live In New York, and with one of them— an aunt
> —the Rev. Edward was a great favorite. He visited her frequently and fin
•* ally about five years ago decided to make America his home. After a short
£ stay in the East he came to California and then went on a roving expedi
'4 tion into Mexico. Finally Ms thoughts turned to the church, and return
"s ing to New York he entered a theological seminary. He went through a
L? three years' course of study successfully and then came back to California
1 and Identified himself with the Arm it age Orphan Asylum at Ban Mateo.
'-> During his stay there he was ordained a deacon of the Episcopalian church.
*» Rev. Edward Morgan's aunt was Miss Jane Morgan, a wealthy and tal
-? ented resident of Staten Island, New York. She was better known as
"i "Midy" Morgan, and twenty-five years ago was stock editor of the New York
SS Times. About that time site planned her home in Staten Island, which is
*i famed to-day for its picturesqueness and artistic appointments. Miss Morgan
'4 was a painter and writer of great ability.
"i Rev. Mr. Morgan will leave for the East on June 5, and after spending
'-*• two weeks there In settling up his aunt's affairs will pay a visit to his rela
*, fives in Ireland. He will then return to California and take up his work in
'-? St. Paul's Episcopal Church at Bakersfield as though nothing had happened.
5
•\ov-\v\v\o\o c . v\ov>\v\wv:'\ov:'\v\o\*:*\v \ v-;o*.o\o?.oo ? .
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Wednesday, May 10, 1899.—Seventy
ninth day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club.
Weather fine. Track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Start-r.
llfl'T FIRST RACE Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, J4OO.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
54m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(1036) Flamora 107 1 ... 14 l*h 14 11 IMaoklin 1-3 1-4
Jennie Rliejr 105 2 ... 214 -' * ■' '• ■ "kins 4 7
gurfelt 105 5 ... 520 4 1 3 4 :. 4 Ruiz b 13
■hamplonßo; I ... »J 810 4S 415 I.ingley 20 30
; Roma 1" : ' 4 ... 4 1 3 lii o j •■ 1 \\ ainrlght ... 2a 60
» 6 W. Narvae*.. :
Tjnl . ■ r'a eh. f. by Flambeau-Fanni*
Lewis Poor start. " _ . , „ .
Winner was hir ! pressed. Jennie Riley best of others. Sam Dannenbaum b light
went out at the start.
i
<|aq SECOND RACE— Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse,
IlUOi
Horse.
Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
1014 Recreation, 4 l 1"'" ■"•
IO7J February. 5 1" 1 - 1
■;- Montallade, « 110 2
v 74 Bernardino, 5 li" 1
' 183 Losl Girl, 5 I
•a H, 3
! *7 Amasa, 4 1
tvallo,
.014 Recreation. 4 105 6 ... 3 4 11 13 lh Jenkins 3 3
1072 February. 5 108 1 ... 1" 3 4 2Vi Mi steward & -S
',: Montailade 6 110 I ... 4h o2 7 4 3 6 J. Relft 6 7-2
074 Bernardino 5 110 7 ... 6 h 84 4 1 4 1 jMacklin 3 6
OS* Lost Girl 5 108 6 ... 7h 7 2 54 6 3 Ames 8 10
087 Etta H 5.! ."' 108 4 ... 5 3 4 1 6 4 6 2 Dtagley 6 9
=7 »"L V 107 3 ... 2Vs 2 '.4 32 7h Ruiz 2 13-5
oS c£4lfo. 6 ' .. uoB ... 8 • %* 8 8 Hahn .:..::.:: 12 30
3 4
1 h
4 h
6 h
7 h
B 3
■
■
1 1
3 i
6 V 4
7 2
4 1
2 \>i
»-
-1 3
2 4
7 4
4 1
5 '.4
6 ',
3 2
8
1 h iJenkins
2 4 ISteward
3 6 J. Reiff
4 1 jMacklin
B 3 Amea
6 2 pingley
7 b Kulz
8 [Hahn
to S. :464; last ■"■<.. i ".'V- short 'fc, 1:12. Winner, Burns & Water-
housVs h m iJy Moretlo-Plcnlc -it. Won Bret three driving.
Recreation probably best Montallade late in making liis call. Bernardino had little
spefi. IXMJt Oil I her form. Etta H not well handled. Ruiz and Amasa in-
"'licratched— Ricardo 110, Flora Hawk ;os, Judge Stouffer 110, Formeiia 105, Ringmaster 110,
■ r IK.
1109.
■ni
;RD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $000.
Age. Waight.
St.
%m.
4m.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
(1099) Sly. 5 1" 4
(1076) Wyoming, 6 109 6
10S3 Benamela, 6 100 2
(1077) Socialist. 4 107 3
1100 .Make. 4 10. 7
1067 Imperious, 4 107 5
1090 icon. 4 HO 1
3 h
B 3
4 h
1 h
7
2 Vt,
6 1
3 IV4
4 1%
5 1
lh.
6 \i*
2 14
7
4 3
3 14
5 2
2 14
6 8
1 h
7
4 4
8 1
6 li
1 4
6 10
2 h
7
1 h IRuiz
2 3 iTullett
3 h IHahn
4 1 .Tonkins
5 h J. RelfT
615 Macklln
7 King
5-2 2
5 7
S 12
3 11-5
2 13-5
7-2 8
10U 100
Time— 4 :13; 9» ■ *%! 7^ I:2>i Winner, D. M. Hanlon's b. m. by Racine-Aure-
ltn. II Goo'i etart ' Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
received a becoming rhl<*. Tullett was of little help to Wyoming at the finish. Oth-
erwise he would have won. Socialist cut out a fast pace. Castake pocketed. Imperious
knir 4cratched tr ivr=onne 109, Inverary II 10., MocoritO 106, Horatio 112. Elldad 110. Roadrun-
nerl». Hardly v. [ ■ Hohengollern in
11 in FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, »400.
I I I U» ;
'/im.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
! Betting.
|Op. Cl.
Index. Horse.
Weight. ;
'St.
%m.
iriRS Whaleback 110113 11 1 PI 6 4 ... 1 h |J. Relff '
(1066) Jennie Reid . 109 2 6 2 4h 3 1 ... . 2 4 Glover
1087 Hey Hooker 110! 9 7 4 ' 8^ 8 2 ... 3 8 Rutherford
1099 The Fretter 112 3 4 1 54 2 1 ... 4 14 Bassinger ....
10S1 Caldale ..: HO 7 5h 3h 7 2 ... 5h Macklin ;
•■-I Peter Web-r 107 12 13 11 9 4 ... 6 % W. See
(1096) Festoso • U2 4 2h 7% 10 ... 7 3 Jenkins
1096 Yaruba • 109 « lh 2h 4Vi ... 8 4 W. Narvaez..
1037 Faversham 110 8 10% 10 4 11 ... 9 4 Ruiz....
mi Con Dalton 107 1 ■■ 3 1%.. lh lh ... 10 3 Hahn V.
IOS6 \Vatossa. .-. 107 10 12 3 12 12 ... 116 Johnson
1070 ; U va * .:::::.: 107 5 »* ■ 8 % sh ... 12 Dingley
1066 Kootenal ......... 107 11 82 13 13 ... 13 [Steward ......
. . Time— H :13: %. :S7 '" ; ''*• l:W: 7 - 1 ; 29%- Winner, J. B. Dyer's br. c. by In
combe-Orange Leaf. Good start. Won first three driving.
" Whaleback arrived just in time. Jennie Reid pocketed round stretch tv
Hooker cut off soon after start: ran a grand race. Peter Weber almost left. Festos.
BUd |cra.tched— Vlnctora 105. Limewater 112, Oraibee 107. Gold Fin 110.
7
4
10
5
5
10
5-2
15
15
15
20
15
12
10
5
12
5
12
20
2
30
50
20
40
40
30
). Dun-
u. Rey
stopped
a a I I FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
_
Index. Home. Age. Weight.
Urn.
4m.
»im.
Str.
Fin.
1072 Novla. 4 10518 ... I' 4 14 14 15 Jenkins 17-10 2-5
1050 Silver Stnf-. a 105 3 ... 2V4 3u. 2 4 2 2 (Fallehy 4 g
109° P A Flnncgan. 4. .110; 7 ... 7 4 6u. 3', 31% |Ames 6 12
1008 Melkarth, 4 I^l 2 ... 3 1 (h 5 1 4h W. Narvaez.. 15 30
1010 Petrarch, 6 107 S ... *H 2h «1 5 4 ISteward g 15
10M Una Colorado, a.... 107 9 ... 9 5 h 4h 6h lltulz 3 6
1090 • Henry r. 4 HOB ... 6h 81 73 73 Glover 15 60
1071 None Such, 4 107 4 ... 6 2 9 8 84 Dingley 15 60
10SO Bueno, a W7 1 ... _ * h 7 2 9 9_ Coburn 10 30
Time— To %, Mhi; to ■-.-. :Wi; lapt H. 1:02: short %, 1:12%. Winner, M. F. farpey's
b m hy Imp. IslinKton-Hileen. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Nnvla much the best. .Silver State well ridden. Melkarth had early speed, but quit.
Petrarch pulled up lame.
Scratched— Lomo 107, Paul Ktuk<t 110, M-lvin Buinham 110.
H|i\ SIXTH RACE— One mile and a quarter; handicap; tl
lIIX* purse. $500. _^^
■ ~; : " I " "" ~ I ] n«.»»i«-
I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. Pt. Btd. 4m. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. [ Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
(1089) Major Hooker. 4.... 99 ' 4 4h 424 41 3h 32 lh J. Ward 6 jo
10S7 Einstein, 4 XT' 1 114 13 14 11 2h 21 Bassinger .... 8 12
1090 Ladaea. 3 80 6 s>, 33 3% 45 11 31 Coburn 20 30
1106 Sardonic, 4 102 8 61 C 3 5 4 51 4h 4h iJenkins 3 4
1053 Dr. Bernays. 4 100 2 71 6 2'i 6 1 6 2 6 2 5 2 J. Relff 2 3
1077 Brown Prince, 4.... 80 3 2 3 2 4 2 4 2 F, H 6 3 |J. Stewart.... 30 30
107S Hare IT. 5 IM 8 8 7 2 7 6 710 710 720 !Rulz 6-:. 1
Otcuro, B H 7 ?. 3 v 8 8 8_ 8_ ,W. 8ee........ U '60
Time- -V, i8.%1 H. :O\L} K. 1:15; mile, 1:42 ! «: 14 m.. 1:084. Winner, J. Carroll's eh.
g. by Joe Hooker-Addle O'Nell. Good start. Won first three driving.
Major best ridden. Ladaea is improving. Sardonic warmed up well. Dare carried the.
target. He was backed. I
Bcratched— Durwaxd 80. i
. Btd. \4m.
]^m.
?4m.
Btr.
Fin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 11, 1899.
"CITY'S PLAGUE
SPOT" NEARING
CONDEMNATION
An Action in Eminent
Domain Filed.
— • — _
A HUNDRED DEFENDANTS
I
— • —
ALL MUST APPEAR AND PLEAD
TO THE COMPLAINT.
1
Within Six Months Dens of Vice \v ill
Doubtless Be Pulled Down and
Work Will Be Commenced
on the Park.
♦
The city's plague spot surrounding St.
Mary's Church will soon be a matter of
history, and where the dens of vice once
flourished a beautiful park will exist— a
place where the people living in the
crowded tenements of that district can
enjoy their time and watch their children
play.
Suit was filed yesterday on behalf of
the city and county to condemn the en
tire lot of land between California. Pine,
St. Marys and Dupont streets. This will
wipe out Quincey street and nothing will
remain In that block but the buildings
facing on Kearny street. The proceedings
instituted to condemn the property is, in
the vernacular of the law, an action in
eminent domain. The complaint sets forth j
that the land In question is needed for |
public use, for park uses, and a judgment
is asked condemning the property and
fixing the value of each individual hold
ing.
Over a hundred property holders are
made defendants in the action, and each i
of these must plead before the matter
can be finally adjudicated. It will take j
some time, but as the owners are well j
organized, looking forward to vacating |
the premises. it is safe to say that within
six months the land will be cleared of
buildings and the work of laying out the j
park commenced. No serious opposition
on the part of any of the owners has been
met with, and it is not likely that any
effort will be made to prolong the pro- !
ceedings. Owing to the law of the case, j
it would be a useless and expensive op
eration for any owner to attempt to stay \
the proceeding.
Credit for the stamping out of this
plague spot is due to Father Otis of St.
Mary's Church and the St. Marys Im
provement Association. By them the na
ture of the nuisance as it once existed
was placed before the Supervisors In its
right light, and in September last the
Supervisors voted to declare the lands in
question necessary for public uses. This
was done and an appropriation was made
to carry the matter out, the appropria
tion being augmented by funds raised by
Father Otis and the association. Now
that the matter has been carried to the
courts the end is near, as is also the end
of similar plague spots within the limits
of the city.
Second Class Cars Abolished.
The afternoon train of the Southern Pa
cific out of Ogden no longer accepts sec
ond class passengers. it is expected tint
the Rio Grande Western and the Union
Pacific will also adopt the same course
in regard to the Overland Limited.
! SPECIALISTS I
I FOR AILMENTS OF MEN. f
<*> *
* «>
<*> *
| Something About the Most Skilled and %
% Most Successlul Physicians %
<--> in America. *
* • <s>
--*> *
f THEIR PRICES AND METHODS I
<*> *
* <♦>
•» *
* There are a great many rea- <$>
sons why men who are suffering *
with an unnatural weakness or a %
•*- contracted ailment should apply <*>
4> to Dr. Meyers & Co. for a cure. *
These reliable doctors, who have x
If. been actively engaged in mak- <«>
<$> ing sick men well and weak men *
* strong for the past IS years, &
£ never resort to electricity or
<**> other dangerous stimulants to *
* give temporary relief. They use <$>
nothing but their own private, *
<$, thoroughly tested and success- *
* ful methods and remedies. Their •*•>
<§-" medicines are purely vegetable *
% and perfectly harmless. All £
* .prescriptions are carefully com- <->
<& pounded in their own private *
% laboratories, FREE to patients. .^
?£ Dr. Meyers & Co. make aI,
<-> careful and correct diagnosis of *
* each case and then proceed to <$>
not only cure the special ailment J
<3> or complication of ailments, but %
* tone up the entire system and 4>
"£ rebuild the shattered constitu- *
% tion according to the laws of na- x
st* ture by a thorough treatment. <$,
* Dr. Meyers & Co.'s prices and *
$ terms are within the reach of &
% all. The reputation of each
* member of the staff, both as re- *
* gards business "dealings and < <§>
* ability as physicians, is above'
% reproach.
J FREE BOOK— HOME CURES. *
% DR. MEYERS & CO. cure and restore X
I a great many men every year without 5
X seeing them. Sufferers who cannot call V
X should write for their book, "MAR- T
T RIAQE GUIDE; PRIVATE COUN- X
T SELOR FOR MEN." symptom blanks, ¥
T prices and full particulars of their X
X wonderful Home-Cure system. x
| All Correspondence Confidential. |
I DR. MEYERS & GO., !
7-3/ MARKET ST., S.F.
* Take Elevator to Third Floor. k>
<§> . :"*
* Daily, 8 to 5. <«>
<f> HOURS: Evenings, 7 to 8. *
* Sundays, 9 to 11. «■>
«> ■ , *
I GLEVELAND_KII
I LEAVITT a* BILL.
I Open Every Evening. 309 Larkin St.
Ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St., San Francisco
''■uL*^^_^* w^ Dealers in Firearms,
'J?x^^^^ **^ Fishlnjf Tactile, and
>P^^ . Sporting Goods of Every De*.
niption. Iflprliest Cash Price*
HtiA for Raw Furs.,
Tents, Leggings and Camping Outfits.
Bend for Free Illustrated Catalogue.
kl m t _.a __ fh __w* _f/%i "V IW L
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information
regarding special advantages, rates, manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR. |
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
I surpassed: lighted by electricity.
, THOUSANDS CURED BYITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and ,
I Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with ,
i complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses j
i and Ponies. W|-
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS. ]
Physician In attendance; superb climate: ,
j beautiful mountain scenery: trout, deer and
= small game plentiful; magnificent drives; .
i baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
I Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake ;
I County. Round trip fare from San Francisco :
via Hopland. $S; via Calistoga, $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or ,
6. P. R. R. to Calistoga. For illustrated pam- ■
! phlet or further information address J. CRAIO. j
Highland Springs, Lake County, CaL, or see
_ D CRAIG. 816 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
: Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
i and Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWTNKEL
620 Post fct.. San Francisco.
; -a-o-a-O-a- ■ '- * C -a- o-a- o-aoa-o -a- o-a- o a-o -a-
-o J '
I Take advantage °
O O
° Of the Round-Trip 4
O Tickets to O
♦ ♦
I Hotel del Coronado. I
♦ ♦
Now only $60 by steamer, in" °
O eluding 15 days' board at hotej' ■
: o if longer, $2.50 a day. _
; + Apply 4 New Montgomery st., *
! ♦ San Francisco ♦ ■
O ° :
+ + O+O-a-o-a-Oa-O+O+O + oa-oa- \
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS:
i !
Sonoma County: only Vi hours from San I
i Francisco and but 9 miles* staging: waters
| noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath \
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun- ,
' tain scenery: good trout streams at door: pho-
| tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally ,
mall and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
' STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon I
! stages; round trip from San Francisco only ,
i 15 £0. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m or 3:3*
' p m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
! erences, any guest of the past four years.
j Patronage constantly Increasing-last year un-
! precedented. J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
TICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH. MENDO-
cino County. Natural electric waters
champagne baths. Only place ln the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
i Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
! first-class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
RESfand ORCHARDS
HEALTH SPRINGS giffig
Plain. Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water.
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Tear
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
HOTEL CAPITOLA, By the Sea,
CAPITOLA, Cal. CHANGE OF MANAGE-
MENT—MR. FRANK M. SMITH, formerly of
the Occidental Hotel. San Francisco, Cal.. and
the Hotel Metropoie, Catalina Island, will as-
sume the- management of Hotel Capitola this
season. The hotel will be conducted strictly
first-class. The cuisine and service will be per-
fect. Prices reasonable. For terms and infor-
i mation address FRANK M. SMITH, Hotel
Capitola. Capitola, Cal.
THE HOY A RETREAT %£?&£;. m,lej
Mineral water; fine hunting: finest climate
in California: magnificent location; plenty of
eggs, milk and fruit: summer boarders ac-
j commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
and home comforts: good board with all the
delicacies of the season. For terms, address
MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY. P. O. box 87.
Gilroy.
HOTEL MOUNT view,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
1 Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April I. Ample accom-
modations ln Hotel; also ln new cottages. Just
completed.
MRS. f\. T. MOORE,
BELVEDERE,
; n r% ' TOCALOMA. . M Jg. IN
! BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations: reasonable rates; fishing; beautiful
,' drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND. or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
' first floor, 58 Third St., San • Francisco.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water Is un-
* excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
, passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
" from Calistoga direct to springs;, round trip at
, Southern Pacific offices, $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
\ THER. Adam Soring.
) KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET.
homelike manner, 'th one of the best
tables ln the county: $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip, $0 £0. S. F. and N. P. to t'kiah; thence by
stage. Address J. WIL' ON. Bertha. Lake
- County, Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequal*, soda and
magnesia springs; . baths; furnished cottages.
Terms. $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
tor circular. O. HOWELL. Hopland. Cat
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
$7. E. M. SHELFORD. Cloverdale. Cal.
Free carriage. • - y r , -y .. :T.yy -
• futttxmtt.^r—Wmt
) Men and women masseurs \
I are in attendance on those i|
) receiving treatment at the ],
( Paso Robles Hot Springs. i[
The Mud Bath;:
Building has
( sixteen rooms devoted to \ |
) the "sweat" and "cooling" /
) process. Mud baths are / j
< especially helpful to suf- <[
> ferers from rheumatism. JM
J Otto E. Never, Prop. City Office, ',
S Paso Robles, Cal. 636 Market st. (
THE TAVERN OF
CASTLE CRAG,
Shasta County, Cal.,
WILL OPEN FOR THE SEASON
JUNE 13 JL - - 1899,
• RATES FOR ROOMS AND BOARD:
PER DAY 8* 2.50 to $ 4.00
PER WEEK $14.00 to !|*2a.75
PER MONTH $s<-.UO to »*:•<».(»«»
GEORGE SCHONEWALD, Manager, ' '
ROOM 9, Union Trust Buildinfe, S.F.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs). Prop, and Manager. * ;
The li itel and cottages have been thoroughly
renovated — new furniture, beds, carpets, etc
The Table the best the market . affords. The
Baths refltted and improved— competent at-
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
beautified. Fino hunting and -Shins'- Trains
leave Third and Townsend sts., *--. P.. at it
_. m. and 2:45 p. m. . Carriages at Gilroy for
the Springs.
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates;
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Gilroy Hot Springs, CaL
Swim for health
and the fun of it.
/Etna Springs.
2 trains dally— 7:3o a. m. and 4 p. m. Round
trip $7, includes private carriage to Springs.
W. L. Mitchell, Aetna Springs, Napa Co., Cal.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT, VARIETY
of mineral springs, Soda, Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and .Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class; table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, S3 7*.. Stage
meets morning trains and Sat. eve. FRESH &
JUERGENSEN. Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office, 912 Larkin st.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Opening of new hotel; all modern improve-
ments: funning water and gas in every room.
A most picturesque spot and charming climate.
Mineral springs without their equal in Ameri-
ca. Easy staging, telephone and daily mail.
Rates, $10 to $14 per week. Special reduced
rates for small cottages. Write J. MARTENS,
■Prop., or F. A. BUSSE, 416 Pine St., city. .
OPENS MAY Ist.
ROWARDENNAN,
Santa Cruz Mountains of San Lorenzo River,
S"_ hours from S. F. ; 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz: grounds and river lit by electricity; ten-
nis, bowling, boating, bathing, fishing and golf
links; elegant hall and dining room; club, bil-
liard and smoking rooms; new hard-finished
and elegantly furnished; telephone. OPENS
MAY 1: round trip. $3. Address W. E. VEA-
ZIE, Lessee, South Ben Lomond.
BOfA HAITI Th <* Krandest resort in the
DUt A 1111 l CL Sierra Nevadas for the
hunter and fisherman; pleasant sunny rooms,
good boating on lake: boats free to guests;
prices reasonable, $8 to $10 per week; special
rates for families. The celebrated Truckee
River trout are unequaled In California. W. J.
McDonald, Manager.
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior accommodations and lowest rates
via the "Valley Road" route. Foi-vfull par-
ticulars address JOHN MOSS, Traffic Dept.,
321 Market St.. San Francisco.
MENDENHALL MINERAL SPRINGS.
Open under new management, on cottage
plan; 2000 feet above sea; average heat, 75
degrees • Stage connects with trains at Liver-
more at 2:15 p. m. Entire fare from Sari Fran-
cisco, •$2 GO. For particulars address DR.
FRANK PITT, Proprietor, Livermore, Cal.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
Beautiful secnery and drives; unexcelled
hunting; best trout fishing in California; excel-
lent table, $7 50 per week; flne rigs for accom-
modation of guests; daily malls. Get full par-
ticulars from A. H. YORDI. 809 Call build-
ing. San Francisco.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R.. the place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address H. G. MAR-
TIN. Camp Taylor, Cal. 
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck, Siskiyou County. Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment; none better
In Lake Co. : eras indoors and out.
in lakxi co., *.-•• H. WAMBOLD.
HOITT'S,
MENLO PARK. SAN MATEO CO. ONE
hour from San Francisco. Ten daily trains
each way Open to guests during June and
July. Addre. .* IRA G. HOITT.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib-
uron ferry Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas. electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
ente Springs, Aqua Callente. Sonoma Co., Cal,
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND. y
3"_ Hours Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT. -
Write for information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropoie and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates*. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles, Cal.
ft ■ pi B baa hot springs. —This
UI a ti ft IV I i beautiful summer and
iMllHlllll - nter resort. now
I llllf II owned and managed by
DR. J. PERRAULT. who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, ls situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, In the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate ls soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery; lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
stage to Paralso.) Round trip. $". For further
information address J. PERRAULT. M.D., Pa-
ralso Springs, or city office, 336 Sutter St.. 8. F.
! HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. a
Th» Best In the \AJor\d. /"■
HOTEL, COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
led with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
I round. , Sulphur. Iron. Magnesia and Arsenic.
! All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURE 3
' of Rheumatism, Catarrh, Dyspepsia, Paraly-
sis, Skin Diseases . and Kidney, Liver and
i Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
Terms. $10 to $18 per week. Daily stage from
. Calistoga, J. A. HAYS. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering-place is located In"
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
j plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral ,
j ' water, fine stone dining room: telephone con- $
! nectlons, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets ac Southern Paciflc offices. $10.
■ -.-... JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
■ LAKE -COUNTY.
NEW 19-PASSENGER -OSEMITE STAGES,
all' outside seats, -direct to the most pictur-
esque portion of California. Best equipped stage
line ln the State. ; Leaves Calistoga daily (Sun-
days excepted), at 11:30 a. m., direct to Harbin,
Seigler, Adams, Howard Anderson, Astorgs
and Glenbrook: half an hour for lunch at Calls-
toga; also to Middletown. Lower 1 ke, Kelsey-
ville and Lakeport. W . SPIERS, Prop.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES; SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery: mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture in a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. "Helena. . Cal.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S a
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs, Glen Ellen, __
Sonoma County; also 20 completely furnished A A
5-room cottages; good boating, fishing and r^
hunting; finest summer resort and mineral
water for all diseases in America; camping
ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr.
C. C. O'Donnell, 1021>_ Market st., bet. Sixth
and Seventh, San Francisco.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk: free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER, Seaview. Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St., S. F., for par-
ticulars. . '.*;! y *
rini CD Most beautiful spot In Lake.
WAHLjD.hU County. The mineral springs are
famous for marvelous ■ cures when all else
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN, Carts-
bad, Lake County.
HOTEL BENVENUE
And cottages, Lakeport. Cal.— Large grounds;
new dancing pavilion, 80x40; fronts lake 200 ft.;
fine bowling alley and shuffleboard; swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free: children's play-
ground; good table; no Chinese help. F. <_,
A. M. SCALES. Proprietors. ■--
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming:
long distance telephone; campers', 'return tick-
ets, $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for
circulars to J H. HAESTERS, Glenwood. -Cal.
BROOK. SIDE.
The beautiful new resort ■at the head of
Napa Valley is now open. First-class ac-
commodations, hot and cold water, gas, baths.
, mineral springs. For health, scenery, climate
and beautiful drives it is unsurpassed. ! Write
for pamphlet. LORRIN BOOTH, Prop.,-** Cal-
istoga, Cal. . - ,'.>•'■•
fiAMUFL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris, Prop.. Napa County. Cal. B_r»_k
cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion, rheuraatlsnt^
and constipation; hot mineral baths. These
springs are located in Napa County, 20 miles
east of St. Helena. The water Is bottled at
the springs and contains Its own natural gaa.
Stage leaves St. Helena.
GLENWOOD HOTEL.
AMONG THE REDWOODS. SANTA CRUZ
M't'ns: 6 minutes' walk from depot; milk,
poultry. fruit, iron springs; eras throughout;
telephone and telegraph. Round trip, $2 50; $8 to
$10 per week. Free carriage to and from trains.
Write WILLIAM MARTIN, Glenwood. Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder. 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim- *
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT, Oakvllle. Napa County, CaL '
PARK HOUSE and cottages at Ben Lomond.
10 miles from Santa Cruz, with unsurpassed
climate, presents the best to be had as - a
summer resort: best drives ln the State;
special rates to families; charges very mod-
erate. T. H. PETERSON. Ben Lomond. Cal.
LADY having handsome country • home . will
take boarders for the summer months: 10
minutes' walk from station. Address KOHL,
San Anselmo, Marin County, Cal. '
ANY one looking for nice, quiet, comfortable
farm home to spend vacation address F.
QUIEN. Glen Ellen, Sonoma Co.. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
*-_____m_*nM *""" ** Is * non-pol.tonotta
*C^^^^^^^__S_i remedy for Gonorrhoea,
_ftSX^CVRE>*^xfM Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
l __Jß_f in l to i isjs.A&l Whites, unnatural dl».
£tf«f Guaranteed ~| charges, or any inflamm*.
__**»% not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcers- '.
< lPr»T«n_ contusion. tion of mucous mem- _1
If?SmrHEEvAHSCHEM'nii Co. branea. Non-astringent^
I^^CiNCiNNATt.O _HH *° by Brn(cjitl»,
TO&Wk. -. 3. _ __■',-* sent iQ Pa in wrapper, _
r^_M__ '_f_\ I express, prepaid, foi 4
%S_—__^^_[ ft 00 or s bottle*, *i.75. A
-V^ggg^V ■ Circular Mat ea t*»aa4 UGROEZINGER IS
V^ » ~_ \/ m IS i_ l **+jy ___ _ _ _ \_J?
> NOT BOUND BY
HIS PROMISE
Peculiar Dismissal of the
Wong Tan Case.
Colonel Eddy Denounces It as
an Outrage and Will Ask '
Grand Jury Action.
. CTING POLICE JUDGE GROEZ
i A INGER rendered another tainted
•'m oc ' s ' on yesterday.
t~fij_\ Hi* dismissed the ease against
m IWong Tan, charged with perjury
on the complaint of On*-* Foon of
*he Chinese Society for Englisli
Education. Judge Groezinger's decision
was not only brief but it was also hurried!
■*nd in tiering ii he violated hi*- word
to Colonel Eddy, who represented the
complaining witness in the case.
The Judge, in rendering his decision!
si-tld: "I'll d'smiss that case. lt is a
charge of perjury alleged to have been
committed before Judge Mogan. I heard
the testimony, and it is not sufficient. I
will let him go."
Colonel Iddy, who represented the com-
plaining witness, was engaged in .** mur
der trial in one of the Superior courts,
and was not present when the decision
Justice Groezinger, she Author of a Peculiar Decision.
was given. He appeared In the court a .
few minutes later, but by that time the
Judge had adjourned court and had left
iv. Ie bench.
V olonel Eddy was indignant. "This is
*_ <ross outrage," he said. "1 saw Judge J
Groezinger in his chambers this morning j
and asked him as a favor not to render j
his decision till noon, as I was engaged j
in a murder trial in The Superior Court I
and I wanted to be present, and he said j
all right. At 11 o'clock Om Foon came to !
me In the Superior Court and told me
the case had been called and I hurried
downstairs to Groezinger's courtroom to j
find the case dismissed. 1 cannot under
stand it. The case was as strong against
the defendant as could be, and I will con
sult the District Attorney this afternoon,
with the object of having it brought be- j
fore the Grand Jury-"
The alleged perjury was committed by
Wong Tan during the trial of Ong Foon
before Judge Mogan In February last on
the charge of attempting to tori money
from a man in a house of ill-repute in
Chinatown. Judge Mogan. after listening
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'/•^^i^tb^t^' " You ° we !t to Mcr " "
/'Wf \t&ehv%§ If y° u are the
/r^A 'I y\ «^A^**i| mother of a young
S^SIIk preaching the
~VkS-sta*»*-» """* time when girl
'/'"v I hood merges into
f^ -^Jf womanhood do
J^^^r"^ not hesitate to
-*^Z- *^^<s*f^~~ speak freely and
frankly with her
about the things which most closely con-
cern her future happiness. If she is sub-
ject to an weakness of the delicate, spe-
cial organism of womanhood, make it your
business to see .i t this is properly cor-
rected, and that she starts upon woman-
hood's career with full womanly strength
and capacity. She will bless you for it all
her life.
There is no need of "examinations " and
"local applications." Sound professional
advice may be obtained free of charge, by
writing to Dr. R. V, Pierce, chief consulting
physician to the Invalids' Hotel and Surg-
ical Institute, of Buffalo. N. V.. whose
thirty years' occupancy of this position
has made him recognized among the most
eminent of living specialists in the treat-
ment if woman's diseases.
Every case submitted to him by mail re-
ceives careful consideration. Efficient and
inexpensive home-treatment is prescribed
whereby delicate, feminine complaints may
be promptly alleviated and cured. Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription i' ; the only
proprietary medicine in the world designed
for this special purpose by a regular physi-
cian -an educated, experienced expert.
Miss Cora 1.. Kus>.-.'. of l.'-'-morj!, AccomacCo.,
Va.. ni a letter to Dr. Pi« * - says: " From April,
. ik-6. until the following October. I suffered se- .
v «rely from painful menstruation. For abo
tV-'.ve hours Before the appearance ofthe menses
(Th" uUI feel giddy, hay- a severe headache, pain
in my Lack, in fact \ felt as if every bone in my
body was breaking. Nothing did me any good.
I wrote to Dr. Pierce nnd he rccommentlea his
1 'Favorite Prescription,' and after using three
bottles of it I am glad to say I am cured." I
,to the testimony of the witness for the
j prosecution, dismissed the case.
As Ong Foon left the courtroom he was
arrested by the Sheriff of Santa Rosa on
! a warrant charging him with the crime
;of murder* committed there in 1892. The
j information was given by Wong Tan,
I who is a reliant and slave dealer in
| Santa Rosa. Our Foon was tried and
; acquitted^ and when he returned to the
j city he swore out the warrant for Wong
j Tan's arrest on the charge of perjury.
Attorneys for defendants in the Police
j Courts have started in to! take advan
i tage ■•: Acting Police Judge Groezinger's
! absurd decision in the racetrack cases
that the ordinance under which the ar
rests were made is unconstitutional owing
.to alleged errors in the minutes of the
, Board of Supervisors.
Jung Gee, a notorious highbinder, ap
peared before Groezinger yesterday to
answer charges of carrying a concealed
weapon and vagrancy. Attorney Mack
represented the defendant, and when
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter offered
the ordinance under which the arrest was
made as evidence Mack objected on the
ground that according to the Judge's
ruling In the track cases the ordi
nance was unconstitutional, and he de
sired to have all the rights of the defen
dant conserved.
The Judge turned red In the face and
lost his temper. He said brusquely, "Oh,
go on," and overruled the objection, Mack
asking that his exception be noted.
Several witnesses were examined, and
the case was continued til! to-day.
THE BISCUIT COMBINE.
John G. Hanrahan Discusses Its
Many Advantages.
John G. Hanrahan of the brokerage and
banking firm of Dean & Shlbley, New
York City, is a guest at- the Palace. Mr.
Hanrahan represents th) Eastern under
writers who wrote the stocks and bonds
of the Pacific Coast Biscuit Company,
which will Include no less than seven
cracker companies.
He has devoted his best energies to
bring about this gigantic enterprise, and
now that his (forts have been crowned
with success he feels a sense of gratifi
cation at the outcome. in discussing th<**
subject iast evening Mr. Hanrahan said:
"There la no speculation about this new
organization. It is a purely business
proposition. It will be the policy of the
company to avoid any rise in prices. The
securities, some of which are now being
placed on the market at par, will be in
such shape that it will be unnecessary to
innate prices in order to bring about a
revenue. In fact, by combining expenses
will be considerably reduced. Advantage
will be taken of the cheapest market by
combined bases. a large export
trade will be built up which will materi
ally Increase the income of the plants
and a strong fight will be made to get
at least some of the foreign trade. One
great feature of th.- combination will be
an agreement with Eastern factories not
to come west of the Rockies with their
goods ana we will not trespass on the!*
territory.
"A fine chance is afforded to secure an
interest In a good profitable business on
the Pacific Coast. It Is the first property
on the coast offering securities In Call
fornia manufactures to the public We
have received the approval of Eastern
capitalists guaranteeing to carry out a
proposition in which the coast Is vitally
interested."
Spring* Valley Company Alarmed.
The Spring Valley Water Company has
notified Auditor Wells that it win hold
him personally responsible if its bills for
the fiscal year are nut paid in full, pro
viding the aggregate amount of the bills
does not exceed $250,000. the amount of t he
appropriation made for this purpose. The
company's bills for March and April have
been held up by the Board of Supervi
sors. The notification is based on a fear
that the water fund will be exhausted
before these bills are ordered paid. The
Auditor has referred the matter to his
attorney as he does not propose to be held
sponsible for any of the acts of the
Board of Supervisors.
Welburn's Arraignment.
The arraignment of O. M. Welburn was
continued in Judge de Haven's court yes
terday until next Monday on motion of
Gavin McNab, his counsel. Mr. McNab
said he had discovered eight counts In
the Indictment that were practically the
same as counts in the former Indictment
on which he had been acquitted by the
Jury. Special Revenue Agent Thrasher,
now in the Kast. has been subpenaed as
a witness for the Government.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or wit-out removal. J. Noor.an. 1017-1023 Mlßslon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 13, 1899.
NEW DISCLOSURES OF
SECRET CONFERENCES
AT W. F. HERRIN'S HOME
Laumeister Promised His Vote to the Lawyer
and Was Assured Railroad Friendship, ,
The Southern Pacific Company Forces Its Serviceable Railroad
Commissioners Into the Open to Avoid the Danger of
Penalties Which May Aggregate Millions of
Dollars if the Suit Be Lost,
startling expose of the secret
conferences held among Railroad
Commissioners Blackstock and
conferences held among Railroad
Commissioners Blackstock and
Laumeister and William F. Her
rin created yesterday a sensation.
It seemed beyond belief that pub
lic officials, having in their care so
many vitally important interests of the
people of the State, would so openly
dishonor their positions, bring shame
upon themselves and lay bare, by an
indiscretion, the efforts of the Southern
Pacific Company to use public officers
as creatures of corruption. Astounding
as was the audacity of these Commis
sioners in making the home of Herrin
their rendezvous for discussions of pub
lic business, the whole story has not
been told.
Laumeister and Blackstock went to
the residence of the railroad lawyer not
only to discuss rates that would be fa
vorable to the Southern Pacific Com
pany and to drink Herrin's wine and
eat his food, but one of them at least
knowingly and willingly accepted the
dictation of the attorney to do what
the Southern Paciflc Company demand
ed. There has hardly been a more com
plete debasement of public honor in the
history of public men in California.
The story is Interesting.
Before the adoption of the first
Blackstock resolution, which rescind
ed the resolution of September, 1895,
Railroad Commissioners Laumeister
and Edson called upon M. M. Estee
to discuss with him railroad freights
and matters incidentally important to
the business of the board. At that
meeting the Blackstock resolution
was thoroughly discussed, and Com
missioner Laumeister declared that
he did not intend to vote for it. Lau
meister was thoroughly in earnest.
He said to Estee, with every show of
sincerity, that if he voted for the
Blackstock resolution he would be
ashamed to remain in the State. He
evidently understood then something
of the seriousness of such a vote.
After the conference with Estee Com
missioners Laumeister and Edson re
ceived a most unusual and startling in
vitation. It was to visit the home of
William F. Herrin. It is currently be
lieved, and until the revelations of yes
terday was believed with some reason,
that William F. Herrin does not tran
sact public business at his home. He
has an office, and a commodious one,
downtown. Commissioners Laumeister
SOUGHT TO END HER
LIFE IN THE WAVES
-♦- r^ HRISTINE WENET, a -domestic 37 years old, tried to end her life yes
<|> I terday morning by walking into the surf out at the ocean beach, be
*+" j tween the Cliff House and the pier. A. A. Smith of 530 Eddy street and
♦ *—•< John Astley of San Jose, two youths who were wading within a dis
a tance of 100 feet from- the unfortunate woman, rushed to her rescue and
+ brought her in safety to the life saving station at the ocean beach. After
& providing the woman with warm, dry clothing, the authorities* at the sta-
T* ; tion sent her to the Golden Gate Receiving Hospital.
2 The attempted suicide refused at first to give her name and reason for
X her rash act. She finally admitted that she had grown tired of life and had
+ gone to the beach with the direct purpose of ending her. existence. Miss
<£> Wenet had made considerable preparation for the closing of her earthly
♦ career and had arrayed herself In her very best clothes— a silk gown and
X natty tan jacket When she had completely recovered from her ducking
T she declared she would not again attempt to rush into eternity.
X Miss Wenet, when out of employment, resides with her sister, Mrs. J.
T Guston at 25 Jansen street.
■ »♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦»+ + +«>*->-<s>-f4**^+<s>+ "> ♦ »♦♦♦•<•♦.♦♦ ♦ ♦*♦*$♦ ♦ ♦*♦ 3>-H>-
and Edson never had a reason to sus
pect that they were in the same social
set with Mr. Herrin, and they were
naturally inquisitive to know the
meaning of the invitation. But they
accepted it and went to the home of the
lawyer.
Herrin is something of an entertainer.
When the entertainment had pro
gressed to the stage generally known
as "Waiter, another bottle," Herrin re
vealed the secret of his invitation.
Herrin asked Commissioners Ed- |
son and Laumeister point blank to j
vote for the Blackstock resolution. !
The Southern Pacific lawyer was per- ;
suasive, insistent. "Of course," he :
said, "there will be a flurry in the
newspapers for a while, but it will i
soon blow over, and anyway, you
know where your friends are."
That is one way in which C. P. Hunt
ington has taken the Southern Pacific
Company out of politics. Commissioner
Edson refused to do as he was com
manded. Commissioner Laumeister
agreed and accepted with his agree
ment the brand of a discredited and
dishonored public official. Edson never
again accepted the hospitality of Mr.
Herrin's home. The subsequent con
ferences among Laumeister, Black
stock and Herrin have already been
related.
The reason which has made the
Southern Pacific Company force Lau
meister and Blackstock into the hu
miliation of public shame is a serious
one. In the "grain rate case" there are
many enormous interests to the rail
road involved. The question of costs
is a great one, as the Southern Pacific
Company does not care to pay anything
when it can avoid it. And there is the
problem of penalties,- If the resolution
of the Railroad Commissioners, adopted
in September, 1895, and fixing the grain
rate, be valid the Southern Pacific
Company will probably be forced to
pay enormous penalties for violating
the law. The question is a mooted one,
but the Southern Pacific Company is
fearful that a judgment would be
against it and it seeks to avoid the is
sue by making the Railroad Commis
sioners obey its commands.
The State constitution provides enor
mous penalties for a violation of any
resolution adopted by the Railroad
Commissioners. Every violation sub
jects the offending corporation to a fine
not exceeding $20,000, and every officer,
agent and employe to a fine not exceed
ing $5000 or imprisonment In a county
jail not exceeding one year. As the
grain rate resolution was adopted in
September, 1895, and the Southern Pa
cific Company has been violating it
hundreds of times every day some no
tion of the penalties which might be
exacted may be gained. The sum
might aggregate into millions of dol
lars. That is why the Southern Pa
cific Company wants the Railroad
Commissioners to ask the dismissal of
the celebrated suit.
FORD HAS NO POLICY.
Attorney General Says the
Commissioners Dictate His
Action.
SACRAMENTO, May 10.— Attorney
General Ford, was asked by The Call
correspondent to-night if he intended
to obey the instructions of the Railroad
Commissioners and ask Judge Morrow
to dismiss the grain-rate cases. He
was asked, also, if, as Attorney Gen
eral of the State, and hence attorney
for the respondents in the case, he will
not also be attorney for the plaintiff,
the Southern Pacific Company, if he
makes the request demanded by the
Railroad Commissioners.
In reply, Attorney General Ford gave
the following statement, adding that it
was all that he desired to say upon the
subject at this time:
"I have not as yet received any offi
cial notice of the action of. the board
to which you refer, and I am not cer
tain, therefore, as to the precise na
ture of its directions, except such as I
have gained knowledge of through to
day's papers. I can only say generally
that the Board of Railroad Commis
sioners and not the Attorney General
must determine, the policy to be pur
sued with reference to the so-called
grain-rate case. I shall do nothing in
the matter until my return to San
Francisco and am officially advised as
to the instructions that have been
given me by the board.
" Whatever I may do in the matter
will, of course, be done for the board,
and as Its attorney, and because of in
structions from it. The constitution
and the law have clothed the Board of
Railroad Commissioners with certain
powers and, make it the duty of the At
torney General to render such legal
services as the board may require of
him. The performance of this duty will
be the measure of my act in the prem
ises."
EDSON IS AT STOCKTON.
Confers With Citizens on the
Railroad's Unjust Dis
crimination.
STOCKTON, May 10.— Railroad Com
missioner Edson spent the day here
gathering information concerning the
operations of the Southern Pacific grain
schedule against this city. He met
with several prominent citizens, and at
the conference they laid before him
facts and figures showing the unjust
discrimination against Stockton. When
seen after the conference the Commis
sioner said:
"I am informing myself. This is too
fine a country to be discriminated
against."
"Do you think the other Commis
sioners will act as fairly?"
"Well, I cannot speak for the other
members," replied the Commissioner.
NEWS AND GOSSIP
OF LOCAL THEATRICALS
The theaters offer nothing of a serious
nature, this week, but quite an assortment
of more or less comic attractions. At the
Columbia Mr. Prohman's production of
"On and Off" is remarkable for an ex
cellent company and a smooth, well bal
anced performance. The farce itself will
not set the bay a-burning, but played as
it is by this polished company it is a
more than acceptable bill.
At the Alcazar It is the piece rather
than the acting that attracts attention.
Not that "His Japanese Wife" is a flrst
rate farce in its present shape, but in
spite of some crudities and convention
alities It presents several original and
amusing ideas. The immorality of Mr.
Greene's new work need not be insisted
upon, even for the purpose of advertising.
The matinee girl may take her mamma to
see it with perfect prudence.
The Southwell company is giving an
elaborate and creditable performance of
"The Little Tycoon," a comic opera that
has not been heard here in something
like a decade. ___
Still the jolly' "Geisha" at the TivolU'
Next Sunday evening marks the one hun
dredth and final performance. Souvenirs
will be the order of the night. "Orpheus
and Eurydice" will commence on Mon
day. '
The child vaudeville singer La Petite
Lund, is the star feature at the Orpheum.
Another amateur Cakewalk of all na
tions at the Chutes to-night!
China's Powerful Sword.
There is an ancient and dreadful sword in
China. It gives to the man who happens to
hold it the power to cut off the head of any
one he wishes without danger of punishment.
All people flee from this sword as fearfully as
stomach ills flee before the approach of Hos
tetter's Stomach Bitters. This famous remedy
cures all forms of stomach troubles, beginning
with constipation and ending with liver or
kidney disease. It will be found in all drug
stores and It always cures.
TO MAKE WAR
ON THE EVILS
OF CHINATOWN
Mayor Phelan Called Upon
To Take Action.
A New Vigilance Committee Pro
posed to Eradicate the
Dens of Vice.
THE highbinder must go. The edict '
has been issued and the plan of at
tack formed. Mayor Phelan has ■■
been called upon already to make
the initial move, and the moment
he gives assent the human tigers
of Chinatown will be compelled to scatter
to the four winds.
The method of.attack is based upon an
intimate knowledge of things as they
exist in Chinatown. Workers in the mis
sions and humane societies assert that the
highbinder could not exist in San Fran
cisco were it not for the countless houses
of Chinese prostitution. The yellow des
peradoes prey upon their inmates for
food, money and shelter between whiles
when they are not murdering their fel
lows. This fact has led those who are In
terested in the scattering of the high
binder to believe that the most effective
way to reach that end is to cut off his
base of supplies. Acting on that theory,
a number of well-known local workers
for morality will meet this afternoon at
room 17 in the Sherman block, Clay and
Montgomery streets, and form a commit
tee for the purification of many things in
the city, one means to that end being the
suppression of the dens of prostitution
in Chinatown and the clearing out of the
murderous tong men. In line with the
work of these people, M. M. Foote, an
attorney who has clients in Chinatown
who have suffered at the hands of high
binders, has already addressed a letter
to the Mayor. It reads as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. May 8, 1899.
To the Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor of
the City and County of San Francisco, .
State of California— Dear Sir: Experience
has shown that Chinese "houses of ill
fame" are not only nuisances in them- .
selves but are the main support of high
binders and other law-breakers. That
when these resorts are suppressed murder
and lawlessness ceases In Chinatown; that
the lawless if deprived (by the closing of
these resorts) of their sources of revenue
from the blackmailing of the inmates of
these dens soon disperse and relieve the
city and county of their presence; that
these bouse, are not only nuisances but
prisons filled with slaves held as chattels
for sale as well as hire. And all of this in
a free land. ' -ly'
Therefore. I attract your attention to
these facts as well as to the fact that sec
tion 4 of an act for the suppression of Chi- .
nese houses of ill fame, approved March 31,
1866. makes it your duty to suppress these*
houses.
Believing that this matter has not been
brought properly to your attention hereto
fore, we now await your action. Very re
spectfully, M. M. FOOTE.
No reply to this letter has reached Mr.
Foote, probably for the simple reason that
Mayor Phelan has hardly had time to
look Into the law in the case and make a
reply. Mr. Foote hopes to have it. how
ever, in time to-day for presentation at
the Sherman block meeting. The law he
SEARCH FOR THE THOMSON,
The Rival Goes Out — Harbor
Commissioners Decide on a Num
ber of Appointments.
The steamer Roanoke is not going back
to Manila. Her owners want her for the
Klondike trade, and she will leave here
for Seattle about the 25th inst. On her
arrival at the Sound she will be fitted out
and will go into commission about June 10.
The Hawaiian hark Roderick Dhu sailed
for Hilo yesterday. She took away a
large number of passengers and a full
cargo. On deck she carried about fifty
mules* for the plantations. Captain John
son expects to make the run to the islands
in about ten days.
There is still no sign of the broken
down steamer Elihu Thomson, and the
chances now seem to be that she has been
driven off shore. Captains of incoming .
vessels report heavy westerly weather,
and Captain Whitney and his vessel must
have been ln it. The insurance companies
who have risks on the hull and cargo of
the Thomson sent the steamer Rival out
again yesterday. Captain Perriman, the j
marine surveyor, went out on the steamer
and he will keep her out until the Thom
son is found or there is no hope of
success. The tug Relief is still out. and
she may come along at any time towing
the missing vessel. One thing is certain-
Captain Randall will not come back until
he has found her or his coal gives out.
The Harbor Commissioners have held
a secret session to decide upon the suc
cessors of the wharfingers and collectors
whose terms have either expired or are
about to expire. The fortunate ones will
not be known until next Tuesday. Com
missioner Kilburn was very anxious to
put a couple of sweepers on the force,
and went over the list with Commission
ers Harney and Herold to see who could
be dropped. "What's the matter with
1 CURED OF WEAKNESS.!
I ______ _ r All %
I . i^^^Sk A Grand Remed y for All ®
1 '^ffl|Sli t^C w^^P^^^fll Weakness and Pain. <t>
® J|{|i}|«||l^ii^Jp^ remedy for weak men. Its touch +
♦ ' W*MlPltipL-«9^ R^^l^ll is the touch of magnetism. It fills fa
® :Hff^pite4fi|p^^y vlP^^F- fa the nerves with snap- v charKes x
® j i T^S^^a vitalizing energy and turns back ±
fa I WsAf 4 k' \W_t the hand of time for men who have
*♦- ' -WW m 1 V Hi begun to feel old, broken do\yi and
■f i^ifflfl sk fcL^—'-w' Jet I—'1 —' rU *' eaknes3 '•• men - Read what ®
'pm— ■Jitf^^^Tli/ A-Wl^ Ciy-ed in Four Months. *
® 1 ' ll o&^^c^ffi^iSPSriMM Wxas* ' t> ack * -* b ° u s ht a I!el1 °- you fnur ®
fl| ||i I l! -»£_SS^S~^S««2^WpIE fflSaS i perfectly cured and as strong as I never (•)
V i ''wi_S*^^^<7'^^f-CIBSSBSr ' was before. I will recommend your .
1 KsP*_ /J'\\' *V •' trafJ 1 * Electric Belt to all my friend*. Wish- ~Z
t&aSF •* ..;.■" tfi?/7 * *■ ing you success, lam your thankful W
♦ Men, Don't Be Weak, ,Send for This Belt. |
2 You can be a stronger man than you are. You should be stronger. You +
& should have more confidence in yourself. Steel your nerves with this electric ~
+. current. Feel its warming glow as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt saturates your ¥
(J) body with it. Call and test this wonderful Belt free. See what it has done for X
? others: 10.000 cures! IF YOU CAN'T CALL. SEND FOR THE BOOK ABOUT V
J. IT, FREE. Call or write to-day. Don't put it off. Address, 0
I dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send for my book , ±
+ 702 Market St.. cor.^Kearny. S.F. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," X
® And Cor. Spring and Second Sts., Los Angeles. „.,,.„ free. *
+ Office Hours-8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays, 'T IS MAILED FREE. -J*
® 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. <4>
®^$®4^^®4^^
_, w _- ---*y.yy.'r-
refers to contains the following provision
concerning the method for suppression of
these hotbeds of highbinder*. :
Sec. 4. Besides the remedies now provided
by law tor the abatement of public
nuisance it shall be lawful for any Sheriff,
Constable, Justice of the Peace or other
public officer, and it shall be the duty of
the Minor, or other presiding officer, and
the chief or head of the police force of
every town and city, and the duty of the
Supervisor of every township or district in
which any such house of ill fame shall ex
ist as aforesaid, and each and every one of
them, severally, to cause notice In writing
to be given to all persons who may be
owners, lessees, tenants or occupants of
any such house of ill fame or of the land
whereon the same is situated, and to all
persons who may keep, manage, . control, *
inhabit or use such house, peremptorily re
quiring the abatement of such nuisance
within three days after the service ,i such
notice, and such notice may also be posted
upon the outside of the outer door or other
conspicuous place upon such house of ill
fame. In towns and cities the notice may
be in such form as the Mayor or other pre
siding officer, or the chief or head of the
police force may prescribe, and when serv
ed an affidavit showing the time, place
and manner of service shall be indorsed
upon a duplicate thereof, which shall be
returned and filed in the office of the chief
or head of the police force if there be such
an officer, and If not, then in the offlce of
the Mayor or other presiding officer of such
city or town.
To make the t.tsk even a simpler one,
the Legislature in 187*1 passed an amend
ment to the act of 1886 providing for con
victions on evidence as to the common
repute of such houses. Under it it will
not be difficult for those interested in the
eradication from Chinatown of the twin
evils— prostitution and highbinders— to ac
complish their work. The task will be
easy if the assistance of the Mayor and
the Chiet of Police, which they have
every reason to expect, is lent them.
They propose to go to the Mayor and the
Chief of Police and say to them: "Gen
tlemen, there are such and such houses
of prostitution in Chinatown. They are
in Bartlett alley and Sullivan alley and
Ross alley, on Dupont street, on Jackson
and on other streets and alleys. We have
witnesses to prove their common repute.
Order your policemen to force the doors
and arrest the inmates and we will fur
nish the witnesses who will prove their
immorality."
What answer the Mayor and the Chief
of Police or either of them will make to
this plain statement remains to be seen.
Should they answer in the affirmative and
say, "We will do as you ask," the organ
izers of the new purification committee,
under whatever name they may act, wilt
do as they have promised, If the author
ities called upon do not respond, the per
sons who have made the call will act
upon their own responsibility, backed to
some extent by funds from the law abid
ing element in Chinatown, and will whack
at white landlords and yellow tenants
until the bitter end. They are of the
opinion that the victory is to be had with
some little exertion in the right direction
and they all say that they are prepared
to go as far in that direction as the law
allows.
letting so-and-so go?" queried Mr. Kil
burn. "He is your appointment. Major
Harney." "I am agreeable," said tie
major, in his sweetest tones. "I appointed
him to oblige Major McLaughlin." That
name was passed. "Well, I think we can
drop this man. He was appointed by you,
Mr. Herold. What do you say?" again
asked Mr. Kilburn. "Drop him— him
by all means if you want to," said Mr.
Herold, with a smile. "I appointed him
to oblige George Knight." And so It went
on for ten minutes before Commissioner
Kilburn was able to find places for the
two sweepers. ,» -
An elderly woman named Mrs. Meyers
slipped and fell on the turntable at the
foot of Market street yesterday. She was
removed to the Harbor Hospital, where
it was found that her left hip was broken.
Another Chinese Watchman.
Customs Collector Jackson has appoint
ed Patrick O'Neill watchman at the Hotel
de Mongolia on the Mail dock. Mr. O'Neill
was a laborer in the Appraiser's store.
A third appointment has not yet been an
nounced.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May 10.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 11 hours from
Point Arena. "_ , - • _
Aus stmr Siam, Raicich, 04 hours from Na
na Schr Nettie Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes * Wednesday. May 10.
Wednesday, May 10.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgensen. Mendocino.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR-Sailed May 10-Schr Abbie, for San
P BOWENS LANDING-Salled May 10-Schr J
K*r>nin_(>r for San Francisco.
-Arrived May .v-SUnr ; Queer, > he.
May 6; bark Prussia, hence Apr 22, Jap train
ing shin Hivei, from Honolulu. a______~-
Sailed May 10-Stmr Orizaba, for Alaska,
stmr Olympia. for Yokohama.
56
«=_»*_ .':.:•-. V .- . - .If* - '■ :'; '-
■ . — ■ '•
THURSDAY MAY 11, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS," Proprietor.
_ * ~yy^*n
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephcne Main 187*.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. '■'• CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postage:
fiAILT CALL (including Sunday Call), one year ffl.OO i
t*A!LT CALL (Including Sunday Call), " months 3.00 j
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 months 1.50
t'AILT CALL— By Single Month Wo
** GUNDA" CALL One Year l.B'»
\VEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All rest ma* ters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Samplo copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative
.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
CRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, ODen until
5:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30
o'clocK- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 229! Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
/Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, oper*
until 930 o'clock- NW. corner twenty-second ant)
KsntucK_* street.. oo*n until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "On and Oft."
Grand Opera House— "The Little Tycoon."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "His Japanese Wife."
Tivoli— "The Geisha."
Chutes Zno and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, neat* Eighth— Bat-
tle r.f Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths-Swimming Races, etc.
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
Methodist Sunday-school Excursion and Picnic to El
Campo, Saturday, May 13.
BALDWIN'S IMPUDENCE.
AFTER having left his ruined building an eye
s ••<? to the city for months, after having de
la*. •*'! in removing the obstructing fence from
the sidewalk until forbearance ceased to be a virtue
and the Supervisors ordered it to be taken down,
E. J. Baldwin, the lucky, has had the impudence to
go into the courts and ask for an injunction restrain
ing the board from enforcing the order.
In almost any other city in the world the nuisance
which Baldwin has maintained on the corner of
Powell and Market streets would have been abated
long ago. Here the public sympathized with him in
the loss occasioned by the destruction of his prop
erty and bore with him in patience while he post
, . .-r i i.-l .1
poned and put off the work of clearing away the
debris and restoring the sidewalk to its proper pur
pose ol serving the public as a lootway up and down
... '. - .- - . ■■*. * ■
the >treet.
Merchants having shops adjoining the fenced-in
portion of the walk have suffered a loss of trade by
reason of this wholly unnecessary delay in clearing the
street, and now, when it last the Supervisors have
taken action to clear the walk, Mr. Baldwin fights for
more delay.
There is not a single valid reason why an injunc
tion should issue in this case. Baldwin has had more
titan ample time to put his property in condition. An
injuncti would simply enable him to block the
street indefinitely. It is time the fence was removed
and the use of the walk restored to the people so that
business along that block of Market street shall be no
longer impeded.
THE STUBBORN MR. STONE.
WILLIAM /. STOKE, who has two claims to
public attention, inasmuch as he was once
Governor of Missouri and is now the close,
confidential friend of William J. Bryan, is living up
tc his name, showing himself to have a stony heart
toward all gold Democrats and threatening to prove
a rocky barrier to their return to the Democratic
camp.
He is now in New York, and when asked in the
course of an interview the other day whether he would
vote to admit gold Democrats to the next Democratic
National Convention, he replied*. "Most certainly I
would not. Nobody else would who is a genuine
Democrat. That is the feeling in the West and
the South. Why should anybody who stood by the
party regard as Democrats those who turned against
it: They are not Democrat-". They will not be let
into the next convention."
The distinguished Mr. Stone has of course a right
to speak for himself, and possibly a right to speak for
his close friend, Mr. Bryan. He has claimed too
much, however, in asserting that the West and the
South share his opinion. The press of both of those
sections has been notably united in declaring that
some other issue than that of free silver must be
taken up in 1900. The Salt Lake Tribune, for ex
ample, a strong exponent of the silver industries of
Utah, recently said:
_ . , * • -. • -,* ■* «-• -■'■'■
"Our judgment is that it is useless to make another
stand for silver in this country until conditions
change. We have drawn an undue proportion of the
world's wealth to this country during the last two
years, with the result that there is not a country' in
Europe that is not distressed now for money and in
serious trouble, and our idea is that as things are
tending at present the rcmonetization of silver will
have to come from the nations of Europe."
The Tribune further declares the silver Republi
cans of the Mountain States will not support the
Democratic party in 1900. That opinion we believe
to be well founded. Mr. Stone, therefore, is likely to
find himself treated as a stumbling block and a cause
of offense at the next Democratic convention. If he
attempts to hold the fort for Bryan and free silver or
any other issue of discontent in 1900 he will be pushed
aside by the rising common sense of his party.
Democrats are not all fools, and a considerable num
ber of them have shown their determination not to
repeat the slaughter-house march of 1896 under a
discredited leader and for a forlorn hope. '
Genera! Merriam. in his campaign against the
miners, has decided to place a censorship upon the
press. It might not be amiss to suggest that he could
with some judgment place one on his own tongue as
well.
A Marin County litigant in a sensational suit says
he lost confidence in his wife because, among other
tilings, she talked in her sleep. What 1 might have
Happened if the lady snored in her sleep?
Aguinaldo is again reported to be weary of war and
eager for peace, but it seems he is still holding out
with his former firmness for the honor of his army
and a cash compensation.
THE MILK IN THE COCOANUT.
WHEN the application of Attorney General
Ford to dismiss the case of the railroad
i against the Railroad Commissioners was made
the other day in the Circuit Court of the United
States and Judge Morrow had refused to entertain
the motion because it was presented on behalf of the
respondents in the suit and was based upon false state-
I ment- in the resolutions adopted by the Railroad
Commission, under which the Attorney General was
compelled to act, it is reported that Judge Morrow
pointedly addressed himself to E. S. Pillsbury, who
! represented the Southern Pacific Company, and
asked, "Why don't you dismiss the case?" and that
j Mr. Pillsbury replied. "Well, we don't know to what
penalties that might subject us." •
This brief sentence lets the milk out of the cocoa
nut. In order that the public may fully comprehend
the significance of the admission and be enabled in
telligently to determine why Mr. Huntington played
the game of pretended withdrawal from politics so
low down while the canvass of last year was proceed
ing, in order, among other things, to secure control
of the Railroad Commission, a clear apprehension of
the facts is essential.
In 1895 the Railroad Commissioners adopted a
resolution for a horizontal reduction of freights to
the extent of 25 per cent. This resolution, con
demned by their special counsel, Robert Y. Hayne
and W. W. Foote, and also, we believe, by Judge
Fitzgerald, the Attorney General, was never followed
I up by a schedule and therefore never carried into
! effect. But the Commissioners also, on September 14
and 15, 1895, resolved to lower grain rates by 8 per
cent, and this conclusion was regularly scheduled and
became operative. Then the suit in the Circuit Court,
over which Judge McKenna at that time presided, was
brought and a sweeping injunction obtained, after
; ward modified so that it applied exclusively to the
I schedule of grain rates, and in all other respects was
dissolved.
The narrowness of the injunction as ultimately
framed disposed of the false pretense that it was neces
sary to rescind the 8 per cent reduction and to have
the suit dismissed in order to enable the Commission
ers to proceed with a systematic readjustment of the
I railroad tariff. They were in no way hindered in
j whatever action they might have seen fit to take with
j respect to other commodities, and, as to grain .itself,
j they might have made any substantial modification of
1 their schedule of 1895 without incurring the penalties
of contempt.
The present board, therefore, or rather Messrs.
I Blackstock and Laumeister, the majority of the pres
| ent board, acting in antagonism to Commissioner Ed
son, repealed the resolution of 1895 and instructed
j Attorney General Ford to move for the dismissal of
| the suit, without any assignable justification or palli
i ation and only in the railroad interest. And they
j overruled Mr. Edson not only under these condi
tions, but in the face of the advice of their special
counsel, solicited by themselves. There are many
reasons why the litigation should be pressed to a con
clusion. The railroad appealed to a court of equity, 1
and. by the scope ot its bill of complaint, put great
fundament questions in issue far transcending in
importance the validity of the grain rates, and in
volving the power of the State, through it*- Railroad
Commissioners, over the whole subject of freights
and fares. One of these questions is the right of the
owners of a railroad system, operated within a State,
by the mere subterfuge of transferring their property
to a corporation organized elsewhere, to escape from
reasonable local supervision. In other words, it is
practically important and also possible in this iitiga
j tion to ascertain whether the Central Pacific Railroad
Company and the entire congeries of corporations in
California bearing the Huntington brand can mas
querade under the disguise of the Southern Pacific
Company of Kentucky. Another material point is to
find out whether in fixing the basis upon which rates
are to be adjusted, so as to insure a fair interest upon
the values of railroad property, fictitious or exagger
ated indebtedness is to be computed. The railroad
claimed, both in its bill of complaint and in the pre
sentation of its case by counsel, that the rates estab
lished by itself were just and even excluded legitimate
profit, and therefore, that, apart from other legal
obstacles, there was nothing upon which the judg
ment of the commission could act.
The railroad selected its own forum and made its
own case. It ought not to be permitted to recede
from the position it deliberately assumed. It has
j not dared to ask straightforwardly for the dismissal
! of its suit, but has depended upon the friendship of the
! Commissioners, to whom its political support was
j surreptitiously extended. In American history no
! more damnable outrage, no more brutal infraction
!of the elementary principle of equality before the
law, has been designed than the effort of the railroad
emperor to run both sides of a litigation in which he
is vitally interested. Railroad Commissioners who
I would allow themselves to be used in this infamous
manner should be excoriated from one end of the
Union to the other.
The most cogent reason for the refusal of Judge
I Morrow's invitation by Mr. Pillsbury was hinted in his
: quoted reply and remains to be explicitly' stated. If
! the grain schedule of 1895 be valid the railroad, its
I officers and its employes, have incurred penalties
i which i'" they could be enforced would probably
1 amount in money to more than the value of the whole !
i railroad property, and would subject numerous promi-
I nent individuals to imprisonment in the County Jail I
j for life. Article 3. section 22, of the State constitu
tion of 1879 contains the following self-executing pro
j vision:
"Any railroad corporation or transportation com
! pany which shall fail or refuse to conform to such
' rates as shall be established by such Commissioners,
j or shall charge rates in excess thereof, or shall fail
j to keep their accounts in accordance with the system
prescribed by the commission, shall be fined not ex-
I ceeding twenty thousand dollars for each offense, and
! every officer, agent or employe of any such corporation
I or company who shall demand or receive rates in excess
I thereof, or who shall in any manner violate the pro
visions of this section, shall be fined not exceeding
five thousand dollars or be imprisoned in the County
j Jail not exceeding one year."
The transportation of grain by the railroad in flat vi
j olation of the 8 per cent schedule has lasted for three
j years and a half and has probably embraced hundreds
of distinct shipments in a single day. If that rate
I should be legally sustained, and the fundamental law
J applied to Mr. Huntington as it would be to John
j Smith, he. might find his resources for the payment
j of the debt to the Government suddenly collapsed.
Of course it is widely considered, even by the
special counsel to whom we have alluded, whose ca
pacity and whose honor will not be questioned, that
the repeal of the resolution of 1895, to which those
gentlemen strenuously objected, has already wiped
j out the accumulated penalties, and that it is doubtful
I whether they could be restored if the repeal itself
j should be rescinded. Upon this point there is some
contrariety of opinion among atfle lawyers. But evi
dently it was in Mr. Pillsbury's mind when he re
! sponded to Judge Morrow's question. And the fact
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAT 11, 1899.
of the repeal, by the votes of Messrs. Laumeister and
Blackstock, sheds additional and baneful light upon
Mr. Huntington's political interference, falsely dis
claimed; with the election of Railroad Commissioners.
On Monday last the railroad game was blocked.
The next day the two recreant Commissioners tried
to modify their resolutions of instructions to Attorney
General Ford so as to eliminate the false aspersions
exposed by Judge Morrow. It remains to be seen
whether their revised betrayal of the public interests
will be successful and whether the railroad can dis
: miss its own suit on the application of its nominal an
tagonists. If the law compete judicial acquiescence in
■ this scandalous proceeding, then the law is a mon-
I strous perversion of substantial justice. \
THE MOVEMENT ON MILES.
IT is with little satisfaction that the American peo
ple read of the movement. to expel General Miles
from command and drive him from the army. The
| testimony taken by the commission to inquire into
the condition of the beef supply was published to an
extent sufficient to prevent the least feeling of popu
lar respect for the report of the commission. That
report reads like a conclusion reached before testi
mony was heard, that is adhered to though discred
ited by the evidence.
War, even when carried on by nations most ex
j perienced in its emergencies by constant operations
j in the field, is always an opportunity for the unscru
pulous to get unjust gain by the manipulation of
contracts and supplies. In the very best conditions
Government never gets the same value received as an
individual. It is estimated, with approximate correct
ness, that everything used by the Government in war
i costs about double what it would cost an individual.
If this state of things is avoidable it is seldom
avoided. When to this chronic waste of war is added
such a condition of the army ration as to make it
not only non-nutritious but noxious and dangerous
j to the health of the troops, a frightful situation is dis
: closed. That this was the condition of the beef sup
ply is settled beyond question. It was its condition
in the camps as well as in the field and on the trans
ports. The testimony to establish this cannot be con
cealed under the inspired findings of the commission.
The evidence of Governor Roosevelt and men of
equal eminence and credence is accepted by the po
: pie, though it made no impression upon the commis
sion.
The beef interests, which fattened on the treasury
while the sons of the people were dying of the food
they supplied, are reported to demand the degrada
tion of General Miles because foreign countries, cus
tomers for our beef products, are showing a prudent
desire to protect their people against the ills that
were visited upon our own troops. They accuse
General Mile-- of discrediting American meat products
all over the world! If he told the truth about the
army beef, and if Roosevelt and the cloud of witnesses
who supported his charges tell the truth, as they do
and as the people believe they do, the American meat
supply is discredited by the criminal greed of the great
monopolies which control its conversion into forms
for consumption by the world's market.
From another quarter comes support of General
Miles' charges. A committee of the United States
Senate is investigating the adulteration of foods. The
testimony taken by this committee since the beef
commission filed its ridiculous report is a complete
revelation of the very processes the results of which
were stated in the testimony of Roosevelt and the
■ charges of Miles.
That committee finds that ''freezine," "preserva
-1 tine," "rosaline" and "laktone" are in common use by
the handlers of meat. Professor Mitchell, analytical
chemist of the Wisconsin Dairy and Food Commis
sion, informed the committee that these substances
are used in dairy -products, meats, bulk oysters, fish,
hams and corned beef. "Freezine" is nothing but
pure formic aldehyde, a chemical that destroys the
tissues of the stomach. Of all these chemical agents
Professor Mitchell says that they arrest fermentation
and decay only by destroying the digestible character
of the food on which they are used.
Dr. Wiley, the Government expert, examined a sub
stance used to preserve an appearance of freshness in
meats and found it identical with the poisonous pickle
used in medical college- to preserve cadavers for use
on the dissecting table.
Here, then, we have in progress an entirely inde
pendent inquiry into the same subject, ordered by the
United States Senate, which reveals the very condition
that formed the substance of General Miles' charges.
What have the poisoners of our soldiers to say to
this? The Senate committee is not inventing any
thing to discredit the American meat supply. It is
simply divulging facts for which the meat-poisoning
| enemies of General Miles are responsible. They are
| guilty of commercial dishonor, and if the hog and
i cattle raisers suffer by a decline in price due to a fall-
I ing off in the foreign demand, the fault is not on Gen
eral Miles but on the beef contractors who are try
ing to pull him down.
This country produces the largest quantity of
wholesome beef and pork of any country in the world.
Our wide pastures and ranges, the abundance of our
corn crop, on which both hogs and cattle depend;
j the freedom of our herds from the epizootics which
| afflict animals elsewhere and render their flesh unfit
for food, all join to make us the world's resource for
■ meat products prepared for human food. If the men
who buy this wholesome meat and through greed
: process it so that it destroys instead of supporting life
have by these courses injured the credit of American
meat they cannot hide themselves nor dodge respon
sibility behind the demanded degradation of General
Miles.
The United States Government has finished once
and for all with canned beef. Reputations have been
lost, American lives have been sacrificed, the nations
have enjoyed a tragic farce and the United States
Government has finished with embalmed beef. Per
haps the people of the United States would like to be
finished with it also.
Another great modern reform has been struck a
body blow. Miss Marguerite Lindley, the redoubt
able enemy of kissing, blushingly refuses to deny that
she has ever been kissed. Nobody seems to have
offered to test her to a definite answer to the charge.
There is a growing sentiment in New York that
United States Senators should be elected by popular
vote. If New York were afflicted with a Gage and the
political nightmare of a- Burns the sentiment would
crystallize very rapidly into a demand.
A defaulting ex-Tax Collector of San Luis Obispo
County has been found in hiding in a small suburb
of the Peruvian city of Lima. The hiding-places for
absconding malefactors are becoming fewer in the
world.
The dispatches announce that the young women
students of the Nebraska State University gave a drill
the other day robed in bloomers and red cheeks. A
costume like that would make the checks of a Filipino
red.
LETTERS PROM THE PEOPLE.
FLAX GROWN AT TOMALES.
Editor Call— l have read with much interest the articles which have recently
appeared in The Call on the subject of flax culture in California, and as probably
there are many agriculturists in this State who will question the practicability
of growing this fiber, I write to acquaint them through your columns with the re
sult of a trial made here in Tomales thirty years ago.
In 1569 the late John Keys planted on his farm in Tomales twenty-five acres
in flax. The crop was a success; it averaged three feet in height and
the yield was heavy, but owing to the lack of a market it was not
planted a second time. Mr. Keys brought skilled fiaxworkers from Ire
land to handle the crop and had scutching machines erected and in op
eration on his land. A sample of the fiber was sent to Belfast. Ireland, and it
was pronounced by the experts there equal to flax there grown. Other portions
of the flax wore sent to a rope manufacturer in Oakland and there made into
rope, but this was found not to pay. The soil in this part of the State is espe
cially adapted for the growth of flax, and if through the efforts of The Call a
market can be found it is only a question of a short time when California will
number flax as one of her most valuable products. Commending The Call and
its proprietor for their efforts on behalf of the Californian farmer I remain, very
truly yours, -*« ~ JAMES W. KEYS. .
Tomales, May 4, 1599.
A PANHANDLE TO THE CITY HALL.
To the Editor of The Call: As a citizen and taxpayer of this city I desire to
make a suggestion in relation to the panhandle extension.
My suggestion is that in place of continuing it straight down to Van Ness
■avenue it be made to diverge westerly at Baker street to Grove and then con
tinue down either between drove and Have? streets or between Grove and Fulton
streets, so as to take, in Alamo square (thereby saving two blocks), and let it
terminate at the City Hall or at Market street, corner of Haves.
San Francisco. May 10, 1897. \V. B. MALVILLE.
CAPITAL STILL
SEEKS BARGAINS
IN REAL ESTATE
Recent Flurry Causes
Withdrawals.
— —
MONEY REMAINS PLENTIFUL
— * —
IMPROVED BUSINESS PROPERTY
IS WANTED.
a
Demand for Lots in the Residence
Districts Continues Fairly Active
and Building Operations Make
a Satisfactory Showing.
The real estate market continues firm,
although the number of sales reported
during the past week or ten days is not
large. The almost unprecedented demand
for property ,in the wholesale district,
which caused quite a flurry about a
month ago, has bad the effect of causing
th.- withdrawal from the market of many
valuable pieces of improved real estate,
which has of course put a partial stop to
purchases temporarily.* Nevertheless
money is abundant and investors are on
the lookout for desirable offerings. In the
residence districts the demand continues
active and a number of transactions are
reported. There is also a marked activity
in building circles, contracts aggregating
$70,000 having been signed during the past
week.
Mrs. Jeremiah Clarke is about to have
erected at the southeast corner of Mason
and O'Farrell streets a live-story build
ing containing 108 rooms and three stores.
The building will occupy a lot 55x&7 feet,
and will cost about 175,000. The plans are
now ing prepared.
Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co. report the
following sales made in the last ten days:
The building, containing two stores and
two flats, with the lot, 37:6x62:6, on the
southeast corner of Hyde and Pine
streets, by Charles Schlessinger for $19,
--000; the vacant lot, 50x127:8^4, on the south
west corner of Pacific avenue and Gough
street, by Nellie 11. Bacon to A. J. Treat
for $18,000; a dwelling, three flats and lot
62:4x127:6. on the south line of Clay street,
west of Larkin, for $16,000, three flats on
the north side of Sacramento street, 131
feet east of Devisadero, with lot 25x
127:8%, for $12,000; an unimproved lot, 45:10
xl37:t>, on the east line of Van Ness ave
nue, 91 feet north of Pacific avenue, by O.
D. Baldwin to Dr. Winslow Anderson for
$10,
April sales of real estate are reported
by G. H. Umbsen & Co.'s Real Estate
Record to have number* ! 290 and to have
amounted to $1,820,198. It says: "The
records show an advance each month in
the amount of business transacted in real
estate. April's gain over March was $200,
--000 in round numbers, while II was more
than $750,000 over the March sales."
David Stern & Sons have gone out of
business and the senior member of the
firm is now with G. H. Umbsen & Co.
The change was effected yesterday, and
was a great surprise to dealers generally.
Mr. Stern assigns as his reason for
closing his office that the Increase In
competition had become so great that
profits had suffered.
Baldwin & Howell will hold an auction
sale to-day to dispose of the following
property: Three-story tint building on
Third street; two-story building and lot
on the corner of Octavia and Oak streets;
two-story residence on Octavia street;
double flat on Howard street, near Twen
ty-third; lot and improvements in the
southeast corner of Duncan and Guerrero
streets; undivided half interest in lot and
improvements on the corner of Alabama
and Twenty-fourth streets, and a number
of unimproved lots in various parts of
the city.
McEwen Brothers of 118 Montgomery
street have opened a branch office on
Stanyan street, near Halght.
An electric elevator i.a:- been placed in
the Thurlow block.
The Columbian block is to he provided
with a new janitor service and two new
electric elevators are to he put In.
Loans for the- month of April aggre
fated $1,229,162. and the repayments
1,325,194. Building contracts for April
numbered seventy and aggregated $427,
--377 75. f
Mrs. Armand Decourtleux has filed a
$10,000 homestead on the premises on the
fouth side of Union street. 206:3 feet west
of Mason.
DON'T LIKE THE ECONOMY.
Suggestion That Pile-Driving Should
Be Done by Contract.
At the meeting of the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners Tuesday Presi
dent Kilburn surprised his associates by
introducing a proposition to have the
work of piledriving done by contract. The
present system of using the State's pile
driver and paying men daily or monthly
wages to drive piles where needed ie
thought by the president of the board to
be more expensive than the contract plan.
Commissioner Harney was not in favor
of taking the work away from the men
now earning wages and giving it to con
tractors. He doubted whether the change
would be in the line of economy. He was
sure, however, that it would cause the
dismissal of many men who are now earn
ing a livelihood for their families. He
cited the fact that the dredger and pile
driver were purchased to protect the
board from the exactions of the contract
system. Mr. Kilburn's proposition did
not meet with a second.
Groezinger's Leniency.
John Baxter, one of the sixteen men who
were caught preparing .for a dog fight in
the basement of a saloon at Church and
Sixteenth streets and was convicted by
acting Police Judge Groezinger Monday,
appeared for sentence yesterday. The
Judge imposed a flne of $10, with no alter
native. •'; ■-,- .;
WOOD WAS
PURSUED BY
A FAIR ONE
A New Chapter in the
Capitalist's Life.
— ♦—
STORY OF MAD INFATUATION
— • —
BROUGHT TO LIGHT THROUGH A
CROSS-COMPLAINT.
—a
William D. Pollock Compromised
Matters With the Lady and
Thereby Gained Title to
His Property.
a
An answer and cross-complaint filed
yesterday to the complaint of the execu
trices of the estate of the late Joseph M.
Wood against Mr. and Mrs. William D.
Pollock, to quiet title to valuable real es
tate, bring to light a heretofore unknown
chapter of dramatic interest in the life
of the dead capitalist. In the answer
the defendants simply deny they unlaw
fully withhold possession of the lands in
question, and deny the right of the plain
tiffs to possession thereto.
Following the formal denials to the al
legations of complaints. Mr. and Mrs.
Pollock make cross-complaint of unusual
nature, this cross-complaint setting forth
their alleged right to the property and
the manner in which it came Into their
possession.
William D. Pollock, the cross-complain
ant, was, during the life of Joseph M:
Wood, a warm personal friend of the de
ceased, it is set forth. Many months prior
to Wood's death, the cross-complaint con
tinues, he was harassed and continually
annoyed by a Miss Clarisa Holmes, who
manifested a mad infatuation for the
dead capitalist. In her "mad Infatua
tion," which received but little encour
agement from Mr. Wood, Miss Holmes, In
despair at the manner of her treatment
at the bands of her idea!, often threat
ened his life. At other times she would
threaten to brinK suit against him for
the recovery of certain unspecified de
mands she claimed she was entitled to
and also threatened to make a sensa
tional exposure of the life and character
of the deceased. These means failing,
She "resorted to threats of various kinds
for the purpose of extorting money from
and blackmailing the deceased."
In fear of great bodily harm and in
jury at the hands of Clarisa Holmes, and
suffering great mental anguish, Wood, it
is alleged, engaged the services of Mr.
Pollock to act as his agent for the pur
pose of inducing and persuading MiSS
Holmes to refrain from carrying her
threats Into execution and to conciliate
and treat with Miss Holmes for the re
lease of all demands she claimed to right
fully -hold against the deceased. For his
services, it is claimed, Mr. Wood agreed
to give Pollock the property in dispute.
Pollock avers that he immediately en
tered upon his duties, and for nine months
labored upon the obstinacy of Miss
Holmes, but finally a compromise was
effected and he made a settlement with
her in behalf of Mr. Wood of all her
claims, and henceforth she worried Wood
no more.
In appreciation of the good work done
and true to his agreement. Wood placed
his benefactor in possession of the dis
puted premises; but his death occurred
before he made a deed, as agreed upon.
Hence the cross-complaints pray mat the
plaintiffs, by virtue of the authority of
their office, be compelled to legally convey
the property to them and leave them for
ever in peaceful possession.
i Attacked by a Colored Man.
James Hunt, a colored partner in a junk
store on Howard street, near Seventh,
while under the influence of liquor yes
DIRECTORY _
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
i
BELTINO.
LP fiFfiFM Manufacturer of Pelting nnd
. 1. UCUCn, Loco Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. • Telephone Main 562.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY..
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books end Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
bOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 186-
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FO*v. Supt. H. BLYTH. Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main -641.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & GO. gg.'gffgg.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
1 lie nnVCC * ffl Shipping Butchers, I'M
JAS- flUlEj tt WU,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., Importers and Deal-
ers In hardware. 603 Market; tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton 8 Hedley. Props. ,
234 Fremont St. Castings ot Brory Do.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1303.
i.. . .
i terday went into a confectionery sto^e
, at 131 Fifth street and asked for a glass
lof icecream soda. He drank it and then
! refused to pay. Mrs. A. Malouf . who
' served him, insisted upon payment and
Hunt slapped her face. He chased her
1 out of the store into the street, where he
caught her and knocked her down twice.
. She blew a police whistle and Polieom
j McSorley responded. He chased Hunt t\
several blocks, finally capturing him in a
! saloon on Third street. Hunt was
j charged at the City Prison with battery.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
James F. Peck of Merced is a guest at
the Lick House.
E. C. Apperson, a cattle raiser from
Sunol, is at the Lick.
Dr. William T. Barry of Castroville is
registered at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. Chandler Walker of Can
ada are guests at the Palace.
C. M. Kerrlston, the well-known Stock
ton attorney, is at the Grand.
Former Superior Judge E. V. Spencer
of Susanville is staying at the Russ.
John E. Budd came down from Stockton
last evening and registered at the Lick.
Mrs. McMillan, proprietress of hotels in
Chico and Salinas, stopped at the Russ
House yesterday.*
A. M. Todd, a member of Congress rep
resenting the district of Kalamazoo,
Mich., is at the Palace.
Captain William W. Grey of Merced and
Dr. William T. Barry of Castroville are
among the arrival i at the Grand.
Major J. R. Houghton, a capitalist of
Chico, Is In the city on a pleasure trip.
He is registered at the Lick House.
L. S. Calkins, a Nevada City newspaper
man, and E. McLaughlin, a San Jfjp
banker, are registered at the Occidental-
H. 11. Harlowe, a prominent mining
man of Gold Gulch, arrived in this city
i( y rday. He
ace.
The Viscount de Lakey, who is making
a tour of California, returned from a trip
to Yosemite Valley yesterday afternoon
an( took up quarters at the California.
He expresses himself as being charmed
with the beauties of the picturesque val
ley. yy.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
INCREASING STOCK S., City. The
capital stock of a corporation in the State
of California may be increased or dimin
ished at a meeting of the stockholders
representing at least two-thirds of the
capital stock.
PERSONAL PROPERTY— J. H. T.,
City. The law of this State says that the
Assessor of each county and city and
county shall have the power between tho
first Monday in March and the third Mon
day in July of the year to collect taxes
due on personal property, except when
real estate is liable therefor, by seizure
and sale of any personal property owned
by the delinquent.
A CONTENTION— J. B. 8., Mesa
Grande. Cal. If A contended that Grant
would be elected United ' States Senator
from California and B contended that he
would, not be elected, there having been
no election by the Legislature, B's con
tention is correct, unless there was a
limit as to the time in which he should
be elected, for he might be elected afi^
some time In the future.
TWO YEARS OR THE WAR— C. L.,
City. Those men who enlisted "for two
years or the war," went in with the un
derstanding that they enlisted for the pe
riod of two years or for the war with
Spain, should the war last more than two
years. It is the intention of the Govern
ment to discharge the volunteers as
Boon as it can be done. At least that is
the intention at this time.
TO VISIT GERMANY— W. R-, City. .JL
German who has been naturalized a citi
zen of the United States ma* return v:n
time of peace tit" he left Germany withtmt
having performed military duty as re
quired by the laws of that country) a**d
remain in the country f.or a period not
exceeding four months without molesta
'.ion. but if he remains beyond that period
he may be turned over to the authorities
to perform that military duty. The United
States will not protect one of Its natural
ized citizens in the matter of an obligation
he dill not fulfill prior to becoming a citi
zen of the United States.
WEDDING INVITATIONS—
Subscriber, City. Invitations to a wed
ding, church or home, are sent from the
bride's family, no matter whether ac
quainted with the friends of the groom or
not, and the reception of such cards from
strangers should not occasion surprise if
the gentleman is known to the recipient
of the invitation. Each person living at
a distal receiving an invitation incloses
his or her card and sends it by mail. If a
family of half a dozen receive separatei
invitations each should inclose a card _l
the bride's parents if it is a case of tiros
family being acquainted only with the
groom. The parents having sent out the
invitations will certainly recognize the
cards, and the postmark on the envelope
will designate where they come from. It
would be in order for the head of the fam
ily on behalf of the family to acknowledge
the receipt of invitations to the "at
home," extend congratulations and ex
press regrets that distance prevents at
tendance, and send the same to the groom.
Cal. glace fruit SOc per lb at Townsend's.'
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042, •
Threw Out a Feeler.
Boston Bill— Please, mum, kin you gim
me something to eat— just the mfeatithe
dog left will do.
Mrs. Miggles— We haven't any dog.
"Oh, you ain't? Den you git to work
an' cook me a plate o' ham an" eggs an'
a cup "' coffee, fore I kick ye in the jor!"
—Indianapolis Journal.
Ask for Allen's Foot-Ease,
A powder to shake into your shoes. It rests
the feet and makes walking easy. Cures Corns
and Bunions, Swollen. Callous and Sweating
feet. Sold by all druggists and shoe stores. 25c.
Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Address Allen S.
Olmsted, Le Roy, N. Y.
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitten, appetizer and
invigorator, imparts a delicious flavor to all
drinks and cures dyspepsia.
I LIQUORS.
GGDOIiD WHISKEY, gallon $1.50 ; cms, $9.01
0. P. 8. PONT. do $2.50; cue $10.00
L. CAHEN & SON, 418 Sacrament* St.. S. F.
1 NO BETTER ON EARTH &£ he M
Comanche Ochre Co., 203 Front; tel. Jessie 1936.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
tfILLHMLI IE 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTIN3.
i tl- C- HUGHES-all Sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te c ,egraphlcp AßTßlDGE SO^Cali-
THE HICKS-JUDD CO-. t£S_T_ ■&_?_.
i .
WAREHOUSEMEN.
! THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 310 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI IIWIiV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LLHIU, is-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, J
Mined by the ,-*^i
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MIMING CO. at ita
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES. .
Is the Beet Coal in the Market. _
. Office and Yards lso Main Street. ftTHE EVICTION
OF "MAMMY"
WAS A RUSE
Such Is the Theory of
Young Bell.
— —
DONE TO MISLEAD CREDITORS
— —
AGED COLORED WOMAN IS NOW
BETWEEN TWO EIRES.
♦-
testimony of a Deputy Sheriff Is
Given That She Swore to the
Ownership of the Sonoma
wnership of the Sonoma
Ranch.
The mystery of the "house of mys
tery"—the eviction of its ebony-hued
guardian; "Mammy" Pleasant— it is
claimed hy the creditors of the nged col;
ored woman and by young Fred Beli; was
a ruse, having ns its object the evasion
<*f all obligations of the principals in the
strange after-dark ouster. That the evic
tion of "Mammy" was simply a little
strategy to mislead ihis army of creditors
is generally accepted, ar.d each succeed
ing day of the proceedings to declare
"Mammy" insolvent results in the un
■folding of a fact or action lending
"strength to the theory.
Mrs. Bell, who would have the world
believe her to be "Mammy's" enemy, sits
[beside the deposed queen of the "house '
•of mystery" during tbe proceedings. As
of old. "Mammy. and Mrs. Bell exchange
their views In whispers; and on their
"faces ro trice of enmity is manifested.
Hoth regard the counsel of the same law
yer, R. M. F. Soto, and it is only when an
Adjournment cornea that they separate.
The friendship existing between these
•people since the "eviction" of Mammy"
js a matter of comment, as people cannot
understand; but young Fred Bell has an
explanation that is not implausible He
gays that the "eviction" ■.*... made for the
purpose of placing Mammy" without th-"*
Jimrts of the "house of mystery,'.! so in
event in the present insolvency' proceed
i: ga none of "Mammy's" property can be
located the creditors cannot claim that
the debts were incurred in behalf of Mrs.
Hell and commence proceedings against
her. All of the debts were incurred by
.Mrs. Pleasant, but it is broadly hinted
that the old colored woman simply acted
as the agent of Mrs. Bell. Then, again,
young Bell says if an effort is made to
hold Mrs. Bell for the debts and it is
demonstrated that they were incurred at
her instance and any paper exists show
ing that such was the case. Mrs. Bell will
plead that she was under "Mammy's" in
fluence and was powerless to prevent the
expenditure. For these reasons an "evic
tion" was determined upon, that thi com
munity might believe the principals were
henceforth enemies, but i?i truth it was a
ruse for mutual beneflt and to make the
creditors' efforts to collect the more diffi-
CUIL
When the case was called yesterday
morning "Mammy" was placed 'upon the
stand, and in half an hour was between
two llres of extremely unpleasant heat.
"Mammy" must either swear that she is
the owner of the Sonoma County ranch
to which Mrs. Bell testified she had a
deed or face a charge of perjury.
£>eptuy Pherift" Simon wbb called, and tes
tified that "Mammy" qualified upon a
bond to release an attachment upon a
pif-ee of property belonging to Mrs. Bell
in September of l^l'S. and at that time she
swore that she owned the Sonoma County
ranch; which is valued at $100,009. Mrs.
Hell testified that the ranch was deeded
to h«r In 1595 by "Mammy," and this
places the aged defendant In an awkward
predicament. How she will get out of the
hole; escape her creditors and also a
charge of perjury remains to be seen.
In her answer to the present suit
"Mammy" denied that she owed a dollar
on earth, but yesterday, after vigorous
questioning, she was forced to admit
claims aggregating some $30,000. This
made the creditors jubilant and "Mum
_______________ yf
h ..-.'..^. v ADVERTISEMENTS. ■'-' '--- j_.
$1,250,000 First Mortgage 6 Per Gent Gold Bonds,
250,000 7 Per Cent Cumulative Preferred Stock
OF THE
Pacific Coast Biscuit Company
IS HEREBY OFFERED FOR SUBSCRIPTION AT PAR,
_, •-, in f. the part nnt already subscribed for of the authorised Issue of $1,500,000
lionds, J1.000.000 Preferred Stock and $2,600,060 Common Stock of the above com-
pany.
OFFI CERB:| President; Charles M. Warner; Ist Vice President, Samuel Suss-
man: 2d Mcc President. Herman Wittenberg; Treasurer, Turner A. Beall; Sec-
retary. Louis Saroni; Auditor. Harold Gibson
i, J\ 1Rt OR ?s- Samuel Sussman. James inn. Herman Wittenberg, J. K. C.
liobbs Albert M. Brookes, Louis Saroni. Charles M. Warner. Thomas A. Mcln-
tyre. Turner A B< all. William H. i orbln
! .^'e;l'v, J _ >r "; i -' : ''' xch ""?° Trus * Company. New York.
REGISTRARS: l.nion Trust Company, San Francisco; State Trust Company,
New York N. Y.
TRANSFER AGENTS: Wells. Fargo & Co.'s Bank San Francisco; Produce
Lxehange Trust Company, New York, N, v
*- CO tV.£ SE I* : IH°/A &^ W^ (k *- £, an Francisco; Ide & Ryan. Syracuse. N. V.;
"Am. Hlidreth Field & Deshon. New York.
THE PACIFIC COAST BISCUIT COMPANY owns and comprises the follow-
ing well-known long-established and profitable companies: The American Biscuit
Company*, San Francisco, Cal.; Portland Cracl Company Portland Or ; Wash-
ington Cracker Company, Spokane, Was Seattle Cracker and Candy Company,
Seattle. Wash.; Oregon Cracker Company, Portland. Or.: Southern California
Cracker Company. Los Angeles, Cal., and the standard Biscuit Company, San
Francisco, Cal. •
All of the properties are valuable. The machinery and equipment are modern
and of a high degree of efficiency. The properties are free of all debts and in-
cumbrance? and the new corporation •"tarts with ample working capital
The product is a staple necessity. The industry is an important and' growing
one and Is not affected by the tariff or financial disturbances.
The management, as can readily be seen, is strong, experienced capable
and conservative. . < *■
A thorough examination of these properties has been mad., by Mr Robert
Shaw of Chicago; ho has been for many years in the Biscuit Business who
certifies that they are valuable and well adapted to the business. An expert
accountant engaged by the organisers of the new corporation certifies after a
thorough examination of the accounts for a period of years, that the earnings of
the various companies operated separately have made for a number of years
past, In spite of the severe competition which has existed among them a net
average annual profit of $205,000 per annum and that a conservative estimate
the earnings of the company after consolidation would be In excess of $400 000
without raising the price of standard goods to the consumer.
The PREFERRED STOCK of $100 per share is cumulative, and dividend- of
7 per cent are payable semi-annually. It has full voting power and together with
the common stock ls registered and is Issued full paid **on-assessable cnrrvin_
no personal liability. • ' turl * ,n B
The GOLD BONDS of $1000 each are a first mortgage on the land, buildings
and machinery of the Corporation, Interest 6 % per annum, payable May and
November. Dated May Ist, 1899, and run for 20 years, with privilege of being
redeemed after 10 years at 105. A sinking fund of $25,000 per annum begin,
three years from date of organization, to be set aside before payment of dividend
on common stock. Bonds may be registered.
The COMMON STOCK has been entirely subscribed for by those directly in-
terested In the management.
Application will be made to list the Bonds and Stock on the New York and San
Francisco Exchanges. '
SUBSCRIPTIONS to the $1,250,000 Bonds and $250,000 Preferred Stock at par
Will be payable 10 % on application and 90 % on allotment Immediately after
•losing of subscription books. "
The subscription list will be opened simultaneously at 10 o'clock a. m. on
WEDNESDAY. MAY lOth, and close at 3 o'clock p. m. on Monday, May 15th,
at the following named Trust Companies and Banks:
UNION TRUST COMPANY San Francisco, Cal.
WELLS, FARGO & CO.'S BANK San Francisco. Cal.
SECURITY SAVINGS & TRUST CO Portland. Oregon.
EXCHANGE NATIONAL BANK Spokane, Wash.
FARMERS' & MERCHANTS' BANK.... Los Angeles. CaL
BOSTON NATIONAL HANK Seattle, Wash.
PACIFIC NATIONAL BANK Tacoma, Wash.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE TRUST CO New York City, N. Y.
Prospectuses and forms of application may be obtained at any of the above
offices. •
PRODUCE EXCHANGE TRUST COMPANY, NEW YORK. ;
Brigadier General King Writes About Our Soldier Boys in tbe Blood-Stained Trenches of Manila in Next Sunday's Call.
THE "HOUSE OF MYSTERY"
IS UNDER THE HAMMER
€ - a • a . a •♦ •♦ . •. + . + .«
© 'THE "House of My.,t_ery" Is on the
♦ I market. Mrs. Theresa Bell, wear
•3 1^ led for one reason and another of
v. the gloomy looking mansion at
+ Bush and 1 ••■tavia . streets, and desir-
J*?. Ing the cash Into which it tan be con
♦ verted, has authorized the real estate
•c firm of A. M. Speck & ■... to sell it.
j*. The valuation placed upon the house
+ and grounds is $90,000, but there is an
;•*". Impression that it can be had for less.
♦ The "House of Mystery" is a faded
♦ ?*^!.i^;*>?»^ ?* ♦*. ■+■ ♦•.♦•.♦♦.*»• *.♦
my" likewise morose. Finally "Mammy" .
was dismissed from His* stand and Lu
cius 1.. Solomons called. On hearing his j
name ".Mammy" said: "I guess I will!
stay and hear what he will say •''•-•• |
he robbed me."
Solomons did not respond to lis nam-?
and the case went over till Monday; at ]
which time Mrs. Bell will nn>dii<'o the
family books for the inspection of the
court. v
■ m * —
LUCKY BALDWIN OBJ LUIS.
Seeks to Prevent the Removal of His
Hotel Fence.
"Lucky" Balwin objects strenuously
to the liberties the authorities have taken
with th.- fence around his destroyed ho
tel and yesterday lie filed suit against
the city and county and the Board of
Supervisors to restrain further action
tending to remove the nuisance.
Baldwin avers that the threats of the
defendants to remove the fence if it ba
not moved back to the line of the prop
erty are Incited by malice and prejudice.
and If the threats he carried but it will
result in Irreparable injury to him and
endanger the lives and safety of the pub- j
lie. The matter has been assigned to j
Judge Troutt for hearing.
Trunk tnoveO, £3c; furniture, pianos, freight
Signal Transfer Co.. ?3n.Jnn»s: tei. Sutter 4«
The Board Answers.
An answer was filed yesterday by the
Board of Education to the petition for a
writ of mandate filed by E. I". Kllpa trick
to prevent the hoard from trying him on
charges brought by Walter S, Brann and.
Geraldlne F. Ragan. The board denies
the charges are the result of a conspiracy
entered into between I>. F. Ragan and E.
J. Gallagher to deprive Kilpatrick of his
position, and it asks that the court grant
the board the right to proceed and hear
the charges at* provided by the rules of
the School Department.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 11, 1899.
♦ •♦.♦. + . + . + .+ ;♦.'♦;,
enough and gloomy looking structure
from the outside, although those who
have penetrated the Interior say it is
magnificent enough, with its 30 rooms.
It was a splendid mansion In its
youth. In the seventies, when it was
finished by Millionaire Bell and set In
beautiful grounds, now grass-grown.
Its cost, $50,000, would seem to have
fitted it for another destiny than the
one that befell it. it was a fitting sot
ting for any gathering, only to become
;;-»!;^?.^?i^ ♦♦;♦ '. ♦'.♦•.♦•„♦%♦•.♦
THROWN IN
A CELL AND
LEFT TO DIE
Pitiable Condition of
John Paulson.
a-
With a gaping wound in his throat and
another in the neck John Paulson
lies- strapped down in a cell in the insane
ward of the Receiving Hospital.* pit jading
for medical attendance, which for some
reason is denied him.
Last Monday morning Paulson, while
stiff et j-t-* from an i indulge ice in
liquot * jlashcd his throat and neck with a
knife, ii. was at once removed to the
Receiving Hospital, where the wounds
were temporarily treated. Several hours
litter he was sent to '!.. City an County
Hospital and confined in the male ward.
The following day he showed symptoms
of insanity, and sis he subsequently be
came violent lie surgeon In charge or
dered him removed to the detention ward
of the Receiving Hospital.
After being thrown in a cold, damp ceil
Paulson proceeded t.i destroy the furni
ture. He became so violent that it was
found necessary to strap him down,
During the night he managed to free
himself from the straps that held him a
prisoner and vigorously endeavored to
batter down the door of his ceil. Thinking
he might reopen the wound in hie throat
two of the attaches of the detent! in ward
entered his cell, and after a short strug
gle overpowered him. He was then .-.
curely strapped t.i his cot.
Last evening one nt the attendants of
the ward entered his cell t.i give him some,
nourishment. Raising his head from the
DECLARES MOODY
IS ILLOGICAL
r\e\f. Dr. SunderlaQd Maizes a
Reply to Rev. Dr.
Coyle.
OAKLAND, May 10.— Rev. J. S. Sunderland, pastor of the First Unitarian
Church, does not approve of some of the statements of Rev. Dr. Coyle, pub
lished last Monday. The remarks of Dr. Coyle were evoked by an address
of Dr. Everett Hale that Presbyterianism is a menace to true Americanism
and good citizenship.
"In The Call of Monday Rev. Dr. Coyle of this city represents me as Bay
ing that he and tin- other orthodox ministers of Oakland 'do not believe what
they preach,' at which he is very naturally offended," says Dr. Sunderland.
"I am. happy to be able to correct the Impression which be has received, I
have never mad, any statement of this kind. I have simply said that some of
them do not believe all that Mr. Moody preaches— a very different thing.
Perhaps I may be permitted to quote my exact words: 'Preachers bring Mr.
Mood} Into their pulpits to defend doctrines which their Intelligence does not
allow them to defend. But his defense reassures the people, makes the theo
logical basis upon which their churches stand seem strong, and so they
quiet their consciences by hoping that some good is done. How many of the
preachers of Oakland who have united In bringing him here accept the doc
trine of "Salvation by the blood" in the literalistic and ghastly form in which
he puts it? How many would risk their reputation as thinkers and scholars
by opposing the higher criticism of the Bible as he opposes It, or by defending
the stories of Jonah and Lid's wife as historic, as he defends them? How
" many could be induced to Imperil their standing as intelligent men by declar
ing, as Mr. Moody declares In the stoutest manner, that if the Bible contain a
single error It Is all worthless and must all be thrown away? Why do minis
ters who know better than to say these things bring him into their pulpits to
say them? Mr. Moody, has strong and noble sides; but this is his weak side,
as It is plainly the weak side of the preachers who give him public indorse
ment N and put him forward as their representative. Of course these preachers
have a better side than this.'
"From this quotation it will be seen that Instead of charging Dr. Coyle and
others with preaching what they do not believe I have only pointed out
that they do not believe certain crude and unreasonable doctrines preached
, by Mr. Moody. That I am right in this I presume will not be denied;
"Dr. Coyle tils,, charges me with 'upbraiding the Episcopalians and Cath
olics for keeping Lent as they do,' The truth is I simply condemned certain
abuses of Lent, while speaking highly of the motives which cause our Catho
\ lie and Episcopal brethren to serve Lent, and earnestly endeavoring to
. lead my congregation into sympathy with tin* real Lenten spirit. I even went
1 so far as to quote an extended passage from the Lenten pastoral of Arch
■ bishop Ireland and heartily commend its teaching to my own people.
' "Dr. Coyle Is quite mistaken if he thinks that I am here as' a censor of
• my brethren. I am here as a friend and brother of all. I desire to co-operate
' with all, Protestant and Catholic. It Is my habit to speak plainly the truth
' as I see it. But I hope it Is always in the spirit of charity. To my mind the
, things which all our churches hold tn common are ten times as many and ten
' times as great as the things which separate us. These are the things that I
' have always made the staple of my preaching. Nothing will give me greater
! satisfaction than to join with Dr. Coyle and all my other Christian brethren
for the advancement of truth, righteousness, peace and love in our city."
l*S>o<'O<«>O^O<?.O'S>O<l>O'^O<4>O<S>O'<>O<?>o^'O^o'?o<B>OS>o^>o^>O 3-0-' 6*4 O ■• O | O * O •
aia-a-a-a-a- ♦•♦•♦'•»• |
a vast box In which hid the Inmates x:
from the public gaze. Repairs wore x
never thought of. and the decay which < # «
has finally triumphed soon sot In. ♦'
Grass grew on the walks and weeds »*
flourished rank in the flower-beds. *
The air of mystery which always *y
clings to a ruin contributed as much ,r.
as anything else to give the place the *?
name it now bears and will bear until c ,
some new owner pays the purchase V
price ami tears It down. The property /
is said to be Incumbered for $41,000. •"
«♦?;♦?;♦!»♦ ?i *••♦%: ♦•.♦%♦•,♦•.♦•.♦.•'
■
I pillow he induced him to drink a small
. quantity of milk. On removing the cup
1 from his lips the attendant was horrified
'..• see several drops of the lacteal fluid
ooze from the wound in Paulson's throat,
.He hast iiv summoned one of the doctors
of the Receiving Hospital staff, who made
an examination of the wound. He found
it infected, evidently due to the lack of
medical treatment and the unhealthy con
dition of the cell in which ho is cnnf.ned.
The Burgeons at the Receiving Hospital
blame the physicians at the City and
County Hospital for Paulson's condition.
They Pay hat 'my are not expected to
treat cases which have been attended to
by the County Hospital doctors. That
somebody is guilty of gross negligence in
j not seeing that Paulson's throat was
! properly treated there is no doubt. If he
jis allowed to main in the detention ward
! unattended and uncared for the surgeons
j Of the Receiving Hospital say that he will
die from the effects of the wound in his
i threat.
The superintendent- of the detention
ward, realizing the serious condition of
tiie unfortunate man and his immediate
need of medical attention, intends to ap
peal to Ihe Commissioners of Lunacy to
day to commit Paulson to one of the in
sane asylums, where he will at least re
ceive proper mi He ■■' treatment.
MERCHANT CREDITORS PAID.
Their Claims Audited for the Amount
Remaining in the School Fund.
Final disposition of the $36,670 remaining
! in the school fund for the months of No
vember and September of last year was
| made yesterday by Auditor wells when
he allowed the claims of the merchant
j creditors t.i that amount. The money
j was paid over to .1 trustee and will be
| distributed pro rata among Mi" merchant
j creditors. The salary' demanus of Ihe
I school teachers for the months of May
! .■mi! June will be audited, tin- teacher's
> having practically resigned themselves to
i the loss of their full- salaries for Xovem
j ber and December.
Had Another Husband.
Frederick John Loeffkr has sued Mol
lie F. Loeffler for an annullment of their
marriage on the ground that when the
marriage contract was entered into be
tween the litigants the defendant had a
husband living.
Advances made mi furniture and pianos, with
"or without removal. .1. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
GROCERS HOLD
HIGH CARNIVAL IK
SCHUETZEN PARK
Their Annual Picnic a
Huge Success.
— — a
THOUSANDS WERE PRESENT
— ♦ —
EXCITING GAMES THAT INTER
ESTED EVERYBODY.
«
Incidents That Went to Make Up One
of the Pleasantest Outings Held
at the Popular
Park.
i
■ a
i
Like previous affairs given by the Re
tall Grocers' Association, its twenty
eighth annual picnic held in Schuetzen
Park yesterday was a grand success.
Nearly 10,000 people were In the pretty
grounds during the day and more than
half that number spent one of the pleas
antest holidays of their lives. The day
was an Ideal one for an outing and noth
ing occurred to mar the pleasures of the
day. There were games for everybody
and prizes by the score. There was candy
: for the little ones, dancing for the light
footed and refreshments of all kinds. The
children were given their sweets at the
conclusion of the games. They formed
in line behind Yon der Mehden's hand and
to the tune of a "Hot ' "Id Time" they
marched before the committee and re
ceived their packages. The parade was
one of the features of the day, Babes
in their father's and mother's arms par
ticipated in the march, which caused no
end of pleasure to the spectators. The
dancing In the huge pavilion was unceas
ing from the arrival of the first train at
about 10:30 a. m. until the departure of
the merry picnickers at 7 in the even
ting.
The California Commercial Travelers'
ing.
The California Commercial Travelers'
I Association was present In a body and
helped to enliven things. "Poobah" Louis
Berger, "Irrepressible" Jim Marshon,
"Lawyer" Ltchtenstein and "Detective'
' Bd James were In evidence during the
"cake walk" parade and other Interest
ing events. Frank Thompson of Sher- .
wood & Sherwood and 11. A. Roesler of
William Cluff Company were shining fea
ture.- of the outing. As a leader of the
band Thompson tamed more fame in one
afternoon than other leaders achieve in
a lifetime. Roesler was disappointed be
cause he was not permitted to start in
the fat man's race. li.. was considered
too speedy and was barred. Miss Flor
ence Brown, the only temali drummer
of this di v. enjoyed the picnic.
Joseph A. Stulz, president of the Re
tail Grocers' Association, presented an
elaborate dinner to nearly half a hundred
members and friends of the organization.
Speeches and music were indulged in by
. those a' th.' banquet board.
A. C. Lehrke, a prominent member of
th.- association who weighs 250 pounds
and wears an eighteen-inch stand-up col
lar, is sorry he took it off. as a lady friend
, got possession of it and then secured the
I autographs ol prominent members on the
| collar at 10 cents a signal and at the
next meeting of th.' association it is pur
posed t_ rattle it oft to the highest bid
der.
Following is a list of the games and
I *;..•■ result**.:
Hoys', race, ft to 12 -First, Charley Lewis; sec
ond, Joe McCarthy; third, Iru 1 ■; 1 ence fourth,
1.. It, It..
Days' race, 12 to 15— First, Joe Kingsbury;
second, William Codington; third, Elmer Deu
prey.
Girls' race, 8 *■• 12— first. E. Lingenfeldt;
second, Helen Senter; third, Sophie Hack;
fourth. Agnes Smith.
Girls' race, 12 lo 15— First. Jessie O'Neil sec-
11.1, Kite Mcßay; third. Kttle Dwyer.
young ladles' race First, Gertie Bank: sec
ond; Edna More; third. Hattie Thi le; fourth,
Madge McCaffrey.
Young men's race— First, F. ami. second.
['. Shi ci* . third, C. McFadden.
Married women's ract — First, Mrs. T. >*.
Smith: second, Mrs, Torrence; thirl, Mrs. W.
■ ii. Colby.
Wooden shoe race for grocery clerks— First,
Robert Eberllng cf Stulz Brothers; second, A.
; W. Schroeder or Schroder ft Don; third, W.
Dreyer cf .1 H. Bui melster.
Three-legged race — First, i. ' Scharetz and
Dora Dori; second, J. Torrence and .1. Hank;
. third, K. 11. Dempsey and .1. Kingsberg.
Th.- members' prize drawing resulted In
the following grocers holding the lucky
numbers:
W. C. Fisher, J. White, Alec McVlcker; John
Schulken, James Hayes, Martin Meyer, M.
Salomon, J. J. Moran. C. Wreden. Tom Cor
coran and John Lackmann.
Number 1128 won the first gate prize.
a complete list can be seen at 110 Clay
street.
The press target shoot for members re
sulted In the following scores:
William C. Fish.!-. Ocean View, 27; J. H.
Schllchman, 26; Joseph A. Stulz, 26; John C.
Nobmann, 26; E. 1. Flieger, 26; Supervisor
John Daekmann, -■'•; S. Peters, 25; C. Kobohm,
25; J. 11. Han-Jo, 25; 11. Foster, ii F. W.
Meyer, 24; Dan F. Keefe, 21; John E. A. Helms,
2:'; Eugene Oelsi I. 23: Ed Ring. 23: H. G.
I.achmann, 23; N. Salomon, 23: I*. A. Buck
ley, 22; John Schloen, 22; John King, 22; T. W.
Buckley, 22; J. H. Robinson, 22; J, Witt. 22;
J. .1. Hayes, 21; C. Wreden, 21; P. H. Ruiffs.
21; 11. W. Wangles, 21; _ 11. Hanjes, 20; W.
S. Harris, 20; Andrew J. Knox, 20; 'C. F.
Kohn 19: li. Hlohfeld, 19; J. J. Moran, 18; 15.
A Schmidt, 17; Alex McVlcker, IT. John Topp,
17; H. Rawe. 18; John 11. Witte, 16; D. H.
Schrlefer. It; John Ryan, ft; B. Rode, 8; Wil
liam Rpckmann, 8; Martin Hlnck, 8; C. Claus
sen, 6; J. Carstensen, 5: Thomas 11. Casey, 1;
Alex Irvine, 2; C. Waldow, 0; A. L. 7.'ett. 0;
C ii. .'.inarm. 0: K. Hemlcke, 0; John Schulken,
0. and David Hughes, 0.
The "Massacre of Fieri but Fugacious Fili
pino-," by city salesmen: First, A. 11. Kra
mer: second, Cameron'; third, Ed Farreli;
fourth, G. Devlin; fifth. Otto Sievers; sixth,
C. C Miller; seventh. J. E. Hand; eighth, W.
Spear.
Mrs. B. H. Schmidt won an elegant fin
ished banquet lamp by guessing that
there were 7218 yards In a ball of twine
that contained 7232 yards.
The success of the outing was due to
the following committees:
General committee of arrangements— Joseph
A. Stnl:'.. chairman; John Lackmann, Alexan
der Irvine, A. B. Knox, Louis Hoffman, Claus
Wreden. W. F. Harris, J. J. Hayes, E. H.
Hanjes, .1. C. Nobmann, E. I. Flieger, H.
Haw. .1. E. A. -Helms, .1 J, Moran. B. a.
Schmidt. A. W. Lehrke, John Schulken, J. H.
Witte, J. H. Harrj.'. B. McCoy, W. Warnke,
F. 11. Meyer, J. W. Kin*?.
Rpceptlon committee— John I^ackmann, chair
man* A. B. Knox, W. V. Harris, L Hoffman,
T. H. Corcoran, J. H. Witte, J. H. Harrje, D.
]■' Keefe.
Honorary reception committee- E. A. Kngpi
berg, chairman; William Cluff. Jacob Lev] Jr..
F. 11. Tyler, Dan Ross, Dan O'Callaghan, John
H. Spohn, 8. Sussman, Thomas Klrkpatrlck,
Jeff Floyd. H. i' leveland, Sol Ehrmann, C.
j King, E. A. Stuart of Los Angeles.
Floor committee- Louis Hoffman, floor man
ager* J. H. Harrje. .1 H. Witte, F. W. Meyer,
A W. lehrke, E. H. Hanjes.
Committee on games— Joseph A. Stulz, chair
man; P. J. Kennedy. judge; Joseph Handman,
starter* B. H. Hanjes, .lames Mershen, W. W.
Hewitt. William Ring, A. H. Powers Jr., F.
W. Thompson" H. A. Roesler Jr., J. E. A.
Helms. A. Irvine.
Ladies' guessing contest -A. J. Salazar,
chairman; Otto C. Sievers, F. W. Meyer, John
Lackmann.
Committee on bowling alley— Claus Wre.len,
chairman: B. I. Flieger. E. 11. Hanjes, John
Schloen, William Warnke, i *. Claussen, H.
Rawe. ::■•-"
Committee on wheel of fortune— J. J. Moran,
chairman* A. W. Lehrke, J. A. Stulz, J. J.
Hayes, B. A. Schmidt.
Shooting committee J. E. A. Helms, chair
man; John W. King, Eugene McCoy, a. W.
Lehrke. T. H. Corcoran.
Committee on grocers' prize drawing— J. A.
Stulz. chairman; J. C. Nobmann, A. Irvine, jr.
W. Meyer.
Committee on candy distribution— Joseph A.
Still/., director; Otto Slecpr*. Sam Seymour,
Tom Harris. Walt Hewitt (the Iceman), Pete
Brunslng (the driver), K. A. Stuart of Los
Anceles. ___„____„______. ,
In the Divorce Court.
Hermann Hoist was granted a divorce
from Juana Hoist yesterday on the
ground of desertion. Decrees of divorce
were also granted Anna Toomey from
John Toomey on the ground of desertion,
and Sadie E. Winkler from Ehregatt
inkier on the ground of habitual intem
perance. Suits for divorce have been filed
by trederlka Schulz against A. H. Schulz,
for desertion; Max Bampie against Rosle
Bampie, for cruelty; Fannie L. Johnson
against William Johnson, for failure to
provide; Almania Lassen against Carl
Lassen, for desertion; John P. Sullivan
against Nellie M. Sullivan, for cruelty,
and Clara Lounsbury against William
Lounsbury, for desertion.
FILIPINO ACTORS.
Ten of Them Want to Illustrate the
White Man's Burden for a
Salary.
United States Immigration Commission
er North addressed a query yesterday to
the National Commissioner of Immigra
tion at Washington as to the right of ten
detained Filipino Immigrants to be land
ed in this country. The passengers are
to be taken to New York if allowed to
land and exhibited as part of "The
White Man's Burden" In a typical village '
near New York City. They will sing and
dance under contract, and being to thai
extent actors they claim to be entitled to
admission. The doubt in Commissioner
North's mind was is to whether they
were actors, Mr. Powderly replied by
wire:
Filipinos must be examined as other immi
grant!*, and If they coma to this country In
violation "i contract labor laws should be re
fused a landing.
Robert Watchorn, United States Special
Contrnct Labor inspector, arrived irom
the north yesterday morning and called
upon Mr. Xorth. Mr. Watchorn rejected
seventy Japanese immigrants In Seattle
because the* had come to this country
in response to an advertisement of a rail
road company calling for men to work.
He held that this fact made them con
tract labor*
Mr. North has taken the matter of the
Filipinos under advisement.
Harvester King Binders and Headers.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. *
Dangerous Benzine Fire.
A fire broke out In the benzine store
room of the Thomas Dyeing Works on
Tenth street and the Fire Department
was called out. in order to prevent the
burning oil spreading into the adjoining
apartments only the chemical engine
were used, no water being thrown upon
the flames. The tire was confined to one
room and was extinguished with but
slight damage-
Milton Lambeth's Will.
The will V Milton Lambeth, who died
on the .".ill iinkt.. was tiled for probate yea
terday. The value of decedent's estate is
not known, excepting that it will exceed
JIO,OOO. The estate is distributed among
decedent's Immediate relatives.
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Strui- of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining* the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing tothe
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling* one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently, Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna r.nd
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
• SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
LOUISVILLE. KY. NEW YORK, W. Y.
For sale by all Dp—* 'ists.— Price 50c. per bottle.
When Your
A System
needs a tonic nature ad-
vises you of that fact —
there come wakeful
nights.diysof weariness,
and the inevitable run-
down condition of health
fa non-Intoxicant) will correct such disor-
ders. Is at once bracing and strengthen-
ing. Quiet.* that ntrvDu* feeling. Have
you tried it? Remember that you are to
ask your druggist for
BLATZ MALT-VIVINE
and that you want no substitute.
Won fir^t honors at International Exposi-
tion, Omaha, 1898;
Prepared by
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE. 1. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
416 to -418 Sacramento Street.
SKIN, SCALP/ /*3^
COMPLEXION. fp-^M
Itching, burning. Irritated skin, !_&, Jff
ecaly, crusted scalps, falling hair l V_a«L» &
and dandruff and blemished com- \J_**^
plexlona instantly relieved and restored to a
healthy, natural condition by the daily use of
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They are strictly antiseptic, healing and puri-
fying. Sold everywhere.
O | j"P n All I I Corner Fourth an.l
ufliL nuiflLF^H,j'S
Will — lIWIIIL, Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
KIIIDR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
\\___\ V __W\ Five hundred reward for any
|^~* "™™H ' case we cannot cure. This secret
H DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any
cas? we cann.'t ov.re. This secret
remedy sto;is all losses In 24
gyflg hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
|/i]*l WilTl tency. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
—\_\ E*s&_ Gleet, Fits. Strictures. Ix>st
ir.)3iL-_BHH Manhood and nil wasting effects
"g~~~~""""~ ~iA— of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, i'<: guaranteed to
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also for
sale at lOTS',", Market st., S. F. All private dis-
eases quickly cured. Send for free book*^
DB. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
How to Find Out
Fill a bottle or common glass with
your water and let it stand twenty-four
hours; a sediment or settling Indicates
an unhealthy condition of the kidneys;
; if it stains your linen it is evidence of
i kidney trouble; too frequent desire to
- pass it or pain in the back is also con-
vincing proof that the kidneys and
bladder are out of order.
WHAT TO DO.
There is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
fulfills every wish In curing rheuma-
■ tism, pain in the back, kidney;-., liver,
bladder and every part of the urinary
passage, It corn inability to hold
water anil scalding pain In passing it,
or bad effects following use of liquor,
wine or beer, and overcomes that un-
- pleasant necessity of being compelled
to go often during the day, and to get
up many times during the night. The
mild and the extraordinary effect of
Swamp-Root is soon realised, It stands
the highest for its wonderful cures of
the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
: Sold by druggists in fifty-cent and one-
dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of this
! wonderful discovery and a bool thai,
tells more about it. both sent absolutely
free by mail. Address Dr. Kilmer &
■ Co., Binghamton. N. v. When writing
' mention that you read this generous
offer in the San Francisco Dally Call.
AMUSEMENTS.
ZAZELE AND VERNON,
Triple Bar Artists.
LA PETITE LEND,
Cleverest Child Actress.
HUGH STANTON AND FLORENCE MODE-
NA In the satire, "FOR REFORM."
JAS. RICHMOND GLENROY, Monotoglst.
JOHN LE CLAIR, Comic Juggler.
SISTERS HAWTHORNE, nf*-* act, 'The Lily
of the Laguna."
THE VALDAREB, DILLON BROTHERS,
eoti* **•'*.s n*' * "STER-"
Reserved seats, I5o; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
NEXT WEEK Direct from Europe, the
MONTROSE TROUPE, six people; the Two
IDSCAMILLOS, and others.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
MORE WORDS OF PRAISE.
A rattlinc farce.— Examiner.
The eirl with the wink is Irresistibly funny.—
i Chronicle.
Frohman sends fine players.— Call.
Cast is well balanced. —Post.
Artistic performance of sparkling comedy.—
Bulletin.
Charles AXT N D
Frohman's \JXI N D
Most _t\t^t^
! Amusing II H U
Comedy. V/ A. __ c
EVERY NIGHT, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
THE GREATEST SUCCESS or THE
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
AS GREAT A TRIUMPH AS "THE MIKADO."
The Most Gorgeous Japanese Production Ever
Seen In the City.
EVERY EVENING.
■ LITTLE TYCOON.
CHEERED AND ENCORED TO THE ECHO
By an Immense Audience Last Night.
SEE THE MARVELOUSLY BEAUTIFUL
AND ENCHANTING JAPANESE DANCE.
PRICES, 25 AND 50 CENTS.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Branch Ticket Office, 724 Market Street, Oppo-
site ' '.ill Building.
ALCAZAR ™
THE PLAY, COMPANY AND PRODUCTION
A BIG HIT.
Clay M. Greene's Farcical Comedy,
HIS
JAPANESE WIFE!
—EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
re seats ed ■ ■ ~n~sc, 25c, 35c, SOc.
Seats by Telephone, "Main 2."4.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT AT B— o6th TIME.
The Japanese Musical Play,
THE GEISHA
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 p. M.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING,
100 th Performance -Last Tima-BOUVENIR NIGHT.
To romnier.ee MONDAY May la-
Offenbach's Operatic Pantasie,
"ORPHEUS AND EURYDICE."
A Galaxy of Beauty.
Popular Prices 25c and 500
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
CHUTES _AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-NIGHT— AMATEUR NIGHT!
AMATEUR CAKEWALK
OF ALL NATIONS.
Reserve Seats by Phone. Steiner I*ol.
Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZE.
Now Running— The SMALLEST PASSENGEF
TRAIN ON EARTH!
BALLOON ASCENS'ON NEXT SUNDAY.
— *********** **********?
CONCERTS ANI: KE,_o_-TS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Mueic, Dancing, Bowline Boating, Fishini
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
I trip. 25c; Children. 15c; Including admission
to grounds.
THE STEAMER URIAH
Will leave Tlburon ferry at 10:30 a. m.. 12:19
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. 1. 3 and 5 p. m.
GRAND UINIOIV.
METHODIST SUNDAY SCHOOL EXCUR-
SION AND PICNIC TO
EL CAMPO,
SATURDAY, MAY 13.
Boats leave Tiburon ferry at 8:30 and 10:15
a. m. Returning leave El ('ami ... at 5:30 p. m.
Round trip tickets, children, 15c: adults, 35c.
j A delightful outing Is anticipated.
SUTRO BATHS,
OPEN NIGHTS
Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. Bathing
1 I From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing. including adrilssion. 25c: children. 2fie.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY op THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures rather firmer.
Oats quieter.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay shows more tone.
Bran and Middlings firm,
Beans r.nd Seeds dull.
Onions lower, Potatoes quiet.
Poultry steady.
Eastern Eggs advanced.
Butter unchanged. Cheese weak.
Cherries declined.
Mexican Limes lower.
Oranges firm.
Provisions strong.
A'cal scarce and higher.
Hogs coming in freely from the East.
Increased customs collections.
Smaller shipment! of specie.
CUSTOMS COLLECTIONS.
Customs collections In this district during
the first four months of the year were $2,258,
--053, against $1,912,100 for the same time last,
EXPORTS OF SPECIE.
Exports of specie from this port during^ the
first four months of the year were 13,506,
against $17,248,495 for the same time In 1888, '
and included *:9000 ln gold bars, $1,449,234 in
sliver bars, $351,585 11 Mexican dollars, $107.04J '
in silver coin and $8,621,234 in gold coin.
China took $1.794. 939, Honolulu $802,620 and |
New York $5,002.395.
HOW WE PAID SPAIN.
The $20,000,000 for the Philippines Is Paid j
Without a Ripple.
The circular of Ilenry Clews ays: "The :
payment of the Spanish Indemnity has now
been consummated In a perfectly easy way
and without producing a ripple of disturbance
In the loan market. Under other clrcum- |
stances, it might have called for a consider
able export of gold, and some doubt has been
felt whether we should wholly escape that
result. The balance of trade In our favor
during the bust two years has, however, been I
attended with the accumulation of an extra- j
ordlnarv amount of American funds in Eu
rope on temporary loan. Those funds have
during late months been drawn upon to a con- |
slderable extent In payment for securities re
turned from abroad, and some misgivings
have been felt whether the amount remain
ing to our redit might suffice to cover this
< peratlon. Tlie event has proved that a suf
ficlent supply of bills drawn chiefly against
th.'se funds was procurable for wholly coy- |
erlng this settlement, and therefore no gold j
has been exported. The payment has been j
made wholly through an exchange of inter- j
national credits, without the transfer of a ,
dollar in cash. As the result of these oper
ations, the Treasury accounts show an in- j
crease In "outstanding drafts and checks' from
$6,138,769 on April 29 to $29,171,913 on May 3. 1
the increase of $23,043,144 having gone into the j
banks, while within the same time the Treas
ury deposits In \he banks have been dimin- j
Ished by only $45.112, with the understanding,
however, that those deposits shall be drawn I
down at the rate of $1,000,000 per week to com
penaate for the reduction of the actual cash
balance in the Treasury proper. Therefore the
banks were about twenty-three millions strong- |
er in cash resources at the end of the in- j
demnlt] settlement than they were before, |
while the Treasury was about to the same :
extent weaker.
"Whate\er actual cash may reach Spain in
this settlement will probably be contributed I
largely by Germany, for that country has {
been more than any other a debtor to the
United States in the form of temporary loans j
which we have turned to account as a means !
of paying the Indemnity. It is not unlikely,
however, that Germany may be able to make 1
arrangements indirectly with Spain that will
mitigate the inconvenience of this sudden de-/
mand for large liquidations in cash. The I
Rothschilds are understood to be connected
With the European end of the settlement; and
that might easily mean arrangements between 1
the Bank of Spain and the German bank that
would be convenient to both parties.
•'Thus, another bogy that has haunted the
money market and made some people on the j
Stock Exchange uneasy has been removed from
the haunts ot speculation. One of the effects
of the completion of this operation will be, |
as. above indicated, to increase materially for
some time the cash resources of the banks."
- —
OUR 'ASH AND DEBTS,
The following ls a statement of the public
debt and of the cash in the Treasury of the
United States at the close of business April
29, received from Secretary Gage: Interest
bearing debt, $1,046,048,680; debt on which in- ]
terest has ceased since maturity, $1,218,390;
debt tearing no interest. $338,447,727; certificates
and Treasury notes, offset by an equal amount i
Of cash In the Treasury, 1554,356,613; aggre- i
gate of debt, $L 990.071,410. Compared with the j
statement issued March 31, the figures show |
a decrease of certificates and Treasury notes
amounting to $647,000, nd an Increase in the |
aggregate debt of $2. 167,101. The cash in the
Treasury at the date mentioned was: Gold, !
$278,9^,254; silver, $507,646:792; paper, $44,851,406;
bonds, minor coin, fractional currency, etc.,
$85,682,064; aggregate, $917,165,517. The . ash
balance ln the Treasury, March 31, was $284,
--043,163, and on April 29. 1263,127,533, showing
a decrease during the month of $20,915,630.
OUR ACCOUNT WITH THE PACIFIC RAIL- I
f IADS.
The following figures show the amounts due i
the United States from Pacific railroads on
account of bonds issued in aid of their con- I
struetion: Central branch Union Pacific, ' $3,- !
7<i3.173; Sioux City and Paciflc, $4,220,592; total, '■
$7,983,766. The Government has been reim- I
bursed for $27,236,512 principal, and $31,211,711 j
Interest, being the total Indebtedness of the
Union I .0 ,t;. Railroad Company to November '
1 1^97, and for the principal of the Kansas
Pacific indebtedness, amounting to $6,303.e00.
The unpaid balance of the total Indebtedness
Of the central Pacific and Western Pacific Ran- '
road companies to th.- United States, under
settlement agreement of February 1. 1899,
amounts to $47,050,172, and accrued Interest, I
less transportation earnings.
FATHER REPORT.
(120 th .Meridian- Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 10, _»», 5 p. __
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to '■
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall ln last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 32. 31.33
Red Bluff 0.00 20.u0 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 14.00 8.87 I
Ban Francisco 0.00 10.00 7.75 I
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.19
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 16.46 0.16 1
Los Angeles 0.00 4.95 6.60
Ban Diego 0.00 4.51 4.62
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.63 !
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature, i
80; minimum, '2; mean 66.
A storm of moderate energy ls central in
Northern Montana .his, evening. It is causing
rain over Washington and Northern Oregon '
and threatening weather in Idaho and Mon
tana. Throughout California, Nevada, Utah
and Arizona the weather is generally clear.
The pressure ls falling over the northern por
tion ot the Pacific Slope and rising over the
southern.
The temperature has fallen over Washington '
and Northwestern Oregon. Elsewhere on the :
Paciflc Coast it has risen. The rise has been
greatest in Northern Arizona. The tempera
tures in the inter.or valleys of California to
day exceeded 90 degrees.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy,
cooler weather Thursday In California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, May 11, 1599:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Thurs
day; cooler; fresh to brisk southwest wind.
Southern California- Fair Thursday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Thursday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Thursday; cooler; brisk to high southwest
wind.
G. 11. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 10.— The stock market
moved up sharply to-day, although at times
considerable Irregularity appeared. Large liv
teresta were open purchasers of their special
ties and the absorption of some 70,000 shares
by London aided the market lenders in push
ing up their favorites. In the afternoon, the
rapidity of the advance induced the covering
of large short lines, and commission houses
were again active purchasers. There was no
flurry in the money market, the ruling
rate for call loans being 1 per cent. Sterling
exchange eased off on the large purchases of
stock for I reign account. An element In shap
ing sentiment was a rumor that the Govern
ment crop report to I"- Issued to-day would
show an Improvement of several points over
last month's. St. Paul's favorable weekly
statement of earnings was a source of strength
to the grangers. The lower range of prices
brought about by yesterday's decline proved
attractive to many would-be purchasers, and
while there was no important news in develop
ments, sentiment was completely reversed to
day. Stocks which were the center of weak
ness yesterday, notably the Flower specialties,
v.*ere among the strongest features to-day.
Brooklyn Transit rising VA and Federal Steel
and People's Gas about 4 each. Anion-,- the
specialties there were some very pronounced
advances. Including American Tobacco, 12;
American Smelters, "."V. Steel Hoop and Third
Avenue, "> each; American Steel and AA'ire. 3%;
Tennessee Coal nd Iron and Continental To
bacco, 3". each, nnd Anaconda and Manhat
tan, 3 each.
The railways advanced from 1 to 3*4 points
for active issues, Burlington scoring the ex
treme rise. Metropolitan, which lost a point,
w,*_ the most pronounced exception to Cie gen
eral strength. In the forenoon there was
considerable commission liquidation which in
duced certain professionals to make a drive
at the market, but large operators absorbed
the offerings, two. nouses taking together about
100.0C 0 shares, and this turned the tide, and
a steady improvement followed. A report that
the industrial commission bearing In Wash
ington had been postponed for thirty days led
to purchases of the stocks of some of the com
panies to be investigated. It was reported that
a prominent commission house, after consulta
tion with the financial Institutions carrying its
loans, was forced to sell a large line of stocks
shortly after the opening, and that It was on
sales from this quarter that the market was
temporarily depressed In the forenoon. Prac
tically everything joined in the late advance
and the market closed buoyant at the best.
The railroad bonds participated in the im
prove- speculative temper, but advances were
not material, exes pi in a few instances. Total I
sales $2,380,000. «
United States new 4s advanced 4, anil the
3s 4 In the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 1,027,- :
760 shares, including: American Smelting, 4-0;
American St.-.-i an.l Wire, 25,100; do preferred,
4000; American Sugar, 107,600; American Tin
Plate, 2000; American Tobacco, 11,300; Ana- -
conda. 20,200; Atchison, 6400; do preferred, 75,
-600; Brooklyn Rapid Transit. 51,300; Central
Pacific, 3000; Burlington rights, 6400; Burling
ton, 45,700; Chicago Construction, 3100; Chicago
Great Western, 5400; Colorado Fuel and Iron. '
4300; Consolidated Tobacco, 49,300; do preferred,
9400; Federal St.*.-!. 48,200; do preferred. 12.500;
International Paper, (800; Manhattan Consoli
dated, 32,300; Metropolitan Street Kail wav,
11.300; Mexican Central, 5500; Missouri. Kan
sas nnd Texas preferred, 4000: Missouri Pacific,
18.100; .National Steel, 8000; Northern and West
preferred, 4600; North American Company, 4200;
Northern Pacific, 2200; do preferred, 8300; Pa
cific Mall, 4100: People's Gas. 88,600; Reading
first, 24,600: Rock Island, 14,200; Southern Pa
cific, 69—; Tennessee Coal and Iron, 9400 ; Texas
Pacific, 7200; Union Pacific, 34,000; Jo preferred,
15,000; United States Leather preferred. 43u0;
United States Rubber, 3200; St Paul, 45,700.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 18% Xt L ft S W 13%
j Do prefd 554 Do prefd 324
, Baltimore ft Ohio. 7:' St Paul 124%
| Canada Pacific 98 Do prefd p;.<
i Canada Southern.. 54*4 St P A Om EM
I Cent Pac 48% Do prefd 17.)
I dies & Ohio 25% So Pacific 30
! Chi ft Alton 160 So Railway 11*4
j ''hi B& Q 133% Do 1 refd 52
| Chi „ X 111 7s Texas - Pacific... 20%
Do prefd 120 Union Pacific 4.,
! Chi G W 144: Do prefd 76%
i Chi Ind & L 9 Wabash 7%
Do refd 39 j Do prefd 214
. Chi _ N W 1534 Wheel ft L E 10%
Do prefd 192 I Do 2d prefd .... "
CCC ft st 1. 544' Express Companies -
Do prefd 94 Adams Ex 1134
j Del ,t Hudson ....lis American Ex ... 140
Del L & XV ICG United states ... 50
Den ft Rio Q 224 Wells Fargo ... 125
I Do prefd 77 ; Miscellaneous—
: Erie new 12*4!.Y Cot Oil 354
Do Ist prefd .... 34% Do prefd 94
IFt Wayne 184 'Aran Spirits 11%
j Gt Nor prefd — IS7 I Do prefd 33
■ Hocking Val 10 Am Tobacco ... 211-.
i Illinois Cent 114*4 , Do prefd 14"'
j Lake Erie & XX.... 16% Cons das 186%
I Do prefd 7 Com Cable Co 180 "
| Lake Shore 198 Col F _ Iron 47
i Louis ft Nash 65% ; Do prefd 105
I Manhattan L 111% Gen Electric US
> Met St Ry 2*3 Haw Coml Co ... 1224
i Mich Cent 113 3rooklvn It T 122%"
! Minn ft St L 58 Intnl Taper 514
I Do Ist prefd — 100% Do prefd Sl"
( Mo Pacific 444 Laclede Gas 534
I Mobile ft 0hi0.... 42 Lead 32%
Mo X & T lii! Do prefd 112%
I Do prefd 83% Nat Lin Oil 4%
■ N J Central 113% Pacific Mall 494
I N V Central 133 People's, Gas 121%
2* YC& St L 13 Pullman Pal 158%
| Do Ist prefd —66 Silver Cert 61%
Do 2d prefd ....."i Standard R _ T.. B*4
I Nor West 18% Sugar 149%
!No Amer Co 11% Do prefd 1164
!No Pacific 50% TC ft Iron ... 59*4
Do prefd 77% U s Leather 6%
1 Ontario ft W 75 j Do prefd 704
Or Rft Nay prefd. 67 U S Rubber 50%
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 83 ! Do prefd 114
Do 2d prefd —55 West Union 91%
Pittsburg IS4 Amn S _ W Co. G6%
Heading 2 % Do prefd 974
Do Ist prefd .... 57% Fed Steel 634
R G W 34 : Do prefd 83%
Do prefd 76% Pac Coast 37
Rock Island 112 Nor _ w C 6*4
St L ft S F 10% Col,, So 5%
Do prefd 68 I Do Ist prefd .... 46
Do 2d prefd .... 36 ' Do 2d prefd .... 174
CLOSING BONDS
- S 2s reg 994 M X & T 2ds 65*4
Do 3s 108% Do is 944
Do coup 108% N V Central lsts ..1154
1" S new 4s reg 1294 N J Cent gen 5s 120
i Do coup 129%; North Carolina 66.12;
; U S old 4s reg....l_ Do 4s 104
Do coup 113% No Pac lsts 120
I U s 5s reg 112 Do 3s 67
Do coup 112 Do 4s 104
 District 3.65s 117 N V C & s I. 45. .106-4
: Ala .lass A 110 Nor & W con 4s 95'
1 Do B 110' Do gen 6s 130
Do C 100 Or Nay lsts 114
1 10 Currency . . . 100 | Do is 103
! Atchison gen 4*. 1014 <> .-■ Un« sis 1314
Do adit 4s 82% Do con ss. . . . 1114
( Canada So 2ds ... 111 Reading 1 (en 4s 87'
iCft O 44s . 94 ROW lsts ... 974
Dobs 118 St 1. ft I M Con ss. 1104
;Cft N Con 7s 143 SLft S F Gen 65. 124
j Do deb 5s l — ', st P Con 168
; Chicago Term 45. .100 St P C ft P 15t5. .1224
(D ft It ''. lsts 105% Di 5s 123' i
I D ft R G 4s 1024 1 So Railway 5s .110
j E T Va ft Ga Is -.1054 Standard It ft T 6s S5
I Erie Gen 4s 72 Term new set 35.. 974
, Ft W ft D C lsts.. 844 Tex _ Pac 15t5. ...116
( Gen Els ■ 5s 117 • Do _Is 544
GHftS A 6a ....114 VP 4s 1664
Do — IS -.1114 Wabash lsts .... 114,-.
31 & T C 5s 113 ! Do 2ds ... 994
I Do con 6s 1124 West Shoret 4* ...114'-'.
i lows Cent Is! 113 Wis Cent lsts . . 71
KCP A G ins ... 66 iVa Centuries .. . S3
!La new con 4s ....;- '. Do sleferred 5
j L - N l"ni 4s 99 IColo So 4s S6
MINING STOCKS
I ("hollar 25 Ontario " 7 50
' Crown Point 15 Ophlr 110
j Con Cal & Va — 1 50 Plymouth 10
; Dead wood 50 Quicksilver 2 25
Gould ft Curry.... 32 Do prefd 8 'hi
I Hale A Nocroas... — Standard 275
i Homestake 50 00 Union Con 40
j Iron diver 57 "fellow Jacket 42
.n
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Elec Tel . . 19S
Call loans 3 ©44 Atch prefd 55*4
rime loans 341- 4 Bond--—
Stocks— hi. on Is 100" .
A T - St Fe IS - -,, Mining Shares-
Amor Sugar 149*)' Allouez Mm Co 10
Do prefd 116 Atlantic 31
Bell Tel MS Boston & M0nt.... 325
Boston ft Alany..2s*3 Butte & Boston 89
Boston _ Maine. ..lSO Calumet .v- _ec1a..805
Boston _ 108% Centennial 3*"-.
] Chi B & Q 1324 Old I ..minion it "
j Fitchurg lis, Osceola 89
I lien El*-.* 118 Qulncy 155
Fed Steel 63% Tamarack 218
Do prefd S3 Wolverine 45
! Mexican Cent 13's Parrott 59
, Old Colony 209 Adventure 114
Rubber 50 Winona 14%
Union Pac 43 Union Land 8
West End 93 Humboldt 10'/.
Wis Cent 1 I
THE MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 10.— Money on call, 34^1
per cent; last loan, 34 per cent. Prime mer
cantile paper, 34-4*4 per cent.- Sterling ex
change weak, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 56"4 @ 4 864 for demand and at $4 844
for 6') days. Cost.-', rates, $4 85%@4 864 and
S- 874@4 884; commercial bills, $4 84. Silver
certificates, 61%562%. Bar silver, 61%. Mexi
can dollars, 4S\. Government bonds, strong;
State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonus, strong.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. May 10.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, '262,6— .,7*>5; gold reserve,
$241,699,762.
THE LONDON MARKET.
. NEW YORK. May 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quiet to-day. They
were influenced by the settlement. The tone
j was more cheerful. Americans were decidedly
active. They opened above parities and arbi
trageurs steadily sold stock obtained cheap last
nil-lit, but London absorbed it easily and there
j was also early buying orders sent privately
! from New York, causing improvement here.
New York opened strong, then relapsed, and
later rallied to the best, but in the street be
; came flat. The general contango was 4 -< / -1 ■1.
Ft. Caul .was scarce at 3%®4. Coppers dull.
but Improved. Anacondas began at 11% and
closed at 12% on American buying. Tintos were
4»4. Utahs * -. Bostons 24. Fifty-one thousand
pounds gold In bars were bought by the bank.
1 Fifty thousand was engaged at the Cape. Sil
ver Idle and the tendency heavy. Money was
dullish, unchanged.
The Alameda -ailed from Sydney to-day for
San Francisco with 160,000 pounds gold.
CLOSING.
i LONDON, May 10.— Canadian Pacific 1004;
1 Northern Pacific preferred, 794; Union Pacific
' erred. 76",. : Grand Trunk. 7%; Anaconda,
11%. Bar silver dull, 2S%d per ounce. Money,
: 14 per cent.
i NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
! NEW YORK, May 10.— FLOUR— Receipts, 12,
-160 barrels; exports, 13,658. Steady and con
siderably more activity In low-grade winters.
WHEAT— Receipts, 27,750 bushels: exports,
118,180. Spot, dull; Hart red, S3%c; spot, f. o.
b. afloat and 79% c elevator; No. 2 red, 81% c to
arrive f. ... b. afloat; No. 1 Northern iJuiuth,
M%e f. o. 0. afloat to arrive. Options opened
! steady on bullish Government gossip, subse-
I fluently turned weak and ruled dull and heavy
all afternoon under liquidation, disappointing
cable. news and small export trad. The close
v.-ajs easy at %©%c net decline. May, 78%®
784 c, closed 711% c; July. 76' = .>77 l-16c, closed
764 c; September, 754® — 1-16' . closed 754 c; De
cember, — 3-16@764c, closed 76c.
j HOPS—
WOOL— Steady.
PETRI >LKI'M -Dull.
[ METALS— Buyers were slow to take hold In
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 11, 1899.
all departments to-day. which fact, in connec
tion with increased offerings, led to lower prices
In some Instances. Iron alone showed unques
tionable .strength. There was nothing ln news
at hand to materially alter the views of the
local trade. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet but firm at 511
nominal.
LAKE COPPER-Dull at $13.
TlN— Dull and lower at $25 30 bid and $25 40
asked.
Unchanged, with ?! 40 bid and $1 15
asked. The brokers' price for lead is $4 25 and
for copper $19.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $6 75 bid and $7
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed dull, net unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales, 4500 bags, including:
May, S3 05; September, $5 05; December, *.". 75.
Spot coffee— Rio, quiet; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4700 packages. Strong;
Western creamery, 14*ad7c; factory, 12@13c.
EGGS— Receipts', 17,625 packages. Firm; State
and Pennsylvania, 14c; Western, 13@13%c;
Southern, l_@l3c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW* YORK, May 10.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@B%c;
prime wire tray, S%@9c; choice, 9%@!Hic; fancy,
9"-; fa 10c.
PRUNES— ;C.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13',A'g!14c; Moorpark, lii
lSc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9®U%c; peeled, 26@28c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May Favorable weekly crop !
bulletins and a rather bearish summary of the
foreign situation started wheat easy. Cover-;
ing caused a moderate advance, but the mar
ket received no support and turned weak on
the tradition that the Government reports are
invariably bearish in some respect. The uncer
tainty of a speedy settlement of the Buffalo
strike increased the weakness. July opened '„•■
tower at 72V4@72%c, advanced to 72"£c, declined
to 71%@71%c and closed at .'-' . Cash demand
showed some Improvement.
After a Blight dip early the corn market be
came steady. Light receipts and a good cash
demand encouraged speculative buying. July
closed unchanged.
An excellent demand for the Eastern account
and a good cash demand strengthened oats.
July gained %c.
Provisions declined under heavy liquidation
induced by lower prices for hogs and threat
ened demoralization of the .ash trade. July
pork lost 10c, lard y. '•.•:•• and ribs 2%c.
The leading futures ranged iy* follows:
Articles- Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 71% 7...,, 70% 70%
July 72% 724 71% 72
September 71% 71% 71' 71%
Corn No. —
May 32% 32% 32 32%
July 33% 33% 33 33%
September 33% 33% 23". 33% !
Oats No. 2—
May 25% 25% " 25". 25% !
July 23 23% 22% 23%
September 20"-i 21 20% 20% !
Mess pork, per barrel
' July 8 47% 850 835 84" I
September 8 65* 865 8 52% 855 ;
Lard, per 100 pounds
I July 500 5 02% 495 4 97%
September 5 12% 515 5 07% 7. 12%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
July 4 65 4 65 4 60 162%
September 4 77% 4 77% 4 72% 475
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No, 2 spring wheat, 71@72c; No. 3
spring wheat. 66® 71c; No. 2 red, 74@76c; No. 2
corn. 82% c; No. 2 oats. 26@26%c; No. 2 white,
29%<830c: No. 3 white, 28%@29%c; No. 2 rye,
5!»%c; No. 2 barley, 35@41c; No. 1 flaxseed, ;
$1 08; prime timothy seed, $2 35; mess pork, per
barrel, 18 30i?"8 35; lard, per 100 pounds, $4 92%
04 SS; short ribs sides (loose). $4 3504 70; dry j
salted shoulders (boxed), 4'4@4%c; short clear <
sides (boxed). $4 80@4 90; whisky, distillers' fin
ish.-.1 goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf,
unchanged; clover, contract grade, $4 1;."..
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 9,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 55,000 22,000
Corn, bushels 229,000 381,000
, Oats, bushels 522.000 240.000
Rye bushels 4,000 2,1 0
Barley, bushels 16,000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady. Creameries, 12@16%c;
dairies. 10014 c. Eggs, steady: fresh, ll%c.
Cheese, weak; creams, 10%@llc.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening 5 "' 7 5 7% 5 7%
■ S 7 S% 7 7% 5 7%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening -1 15 20 55
closing y.'.y.'y.'.'.'.\y.w.y...\ 21 05 2050
Flour—
Opening 43 15 2S 10
Closing 43 15 28 05
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAG4 '.
CHICAGO >, May CATTLE The increased
supply cf cattle offered to-day served to de
, velop a more independent feeling upon the part
of buyers, and the market ruled slow at a de
cline of s@loc. Fancy grades brought $5 (043
7. 50; choice steers, $5 1505 35; mediums, $4 GO®
4 SO; beef steers, $4 1004 55; stockers and feed
ers, $405: bulls, *2 60rfi4 15; cows and heifers,
$3 60(?*4 25: Western fed steers, S3 2505 20; Texas
steers, $3 ! el 90; calves, Si'iu 75.
i HOGS — There was very little demand for
j hogs, and prices declined 2%05c. Fall to choice,
Is 3 75@3 !'.*.; heavy packers, S3 5003 77. mixed,
I »3 Wa3 85; butchers, $3 6503 90; lights, $3 90*3
! 3 85; pigs. S3 46<63 75.
! SHEEP— Despite liberal offerings of sheen. i
I prices hardened under a good general demand. |
: Sheep sold at $4 EC@5 25; yearlings, $5 25; Tex
ans, $4 75; wooled Colorado lambs, $5 9006 25;
Clipped lambs, $4 2505 65.
Receipts— Cattle, 16,000; hogs, 29,000; sheep,
.
THE BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, May 10.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter iii say to-morrow: The wool
market is firm and active. This activity, how
j ever, as was noted last week, is confined mostly
to purchases of territory and pulled wools by
a local speculator and sales from Australian
wool In bond for export. Beyond this very lit
tle business has been done, purchases for con
sumers' account having been very small. About
1,000,000 pounds of Australian wool in bond has j
been bought for export during the past week,
and It is quite possible that all the wool re- '
mainlng here in bond will be taken by for
eigners. The large purchases of territory (
wools referred to, In conjunction with the
strong and advancing markets abroad, have
naturally resulted in some advance in prices.
; lt is difficult to quote with exactness, but,
1 roundly speaking, we should say that there
: had been an advance of between 'J. and 3 cents
per scoured nound on territory wools and an
1 advance of about 1 cent per pound on the
greasy in the past month. The sales of the
week in Boston amounted to 4,778.000 pounds
'. domestic and 2,715,000 foreign, making a total
of 7,593,000, against a total of 6,790,400 for the
previous week and a total of 1,067,000 for the
corresponding week last year. Sales since
January 1, IV'!*, amount to 81,288,300 pounds,
against 44,605,810 last year at this time.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 10.— The wool sales were con
! tinued to-day after a day's Interruption, owing
to the unfavorable weather of yesterday. One
of the best selections of Merino greasy so far
offered at this series was strongly competed
for. with the French buyers paying extreme
rates. There was all-round eagerness for
scoured, which ruled In sellers' favor. A good
supply of greasy offered showed an advancing
tendency. Punta Arenas sold 5 to 20 per cent
above the March series. The offerings to-day .
numbered 14,982 bales.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. May 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California Cherries at auction to
day, realizing the following prices: Black Tar
tarian, $3 37','0C, average $5 45; Centennial
average $6 14.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 10.— Consols, 3-16; silver,
; 28% d; French Rentes. 102 C 52% c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers indifferent; cargoes on pas
sage, nominal, unchanged; No. 1 Standard Cal
ifornia, 80s; English country markets steady
LIVERPOOL. May 10.— Wheat, steady; wheat
In Tails, steady; Hour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, easy.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 13-32 d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, 3s 3%d;
American mixed old firm, 3s 6*4 d. Futures
quiet.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; futures, quiet; May
5s B%d; July, 5s 7%d; September, 5s 7Vid.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. May Clearings, $234,
---657; balances, $27,323. ,
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
' ■'■'■* -;'.: OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., May 10.— WHEAT— Walla
"Walla, &B%c; valley, fide; blue stem, Clc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., May 10.— Wheat was re
ported weak to day, with light receipts. Prices
remain in the local market at 58c for club, 61c
for blue stem. .
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 07".
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Mexican Dollars — 50
Fine Silver, per ounce..: — 61*f4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
AA'HEAT— The Chicago market was dull,
pending the receipt of the Government report,
and exhibited no features worthy of note. The
j local situation was unchanged, barring a slight
advance in futures.
Spot AVheat— Shipping, $1 0501 10; milling,
I $1 12%©1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December —
l 6000 ctls, $1 15; 6000, $1 14%..
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 15.
I Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 14%; 42,000, $115.
i Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
Isl 14*-4 ; 10.000, $1 14%.
. BARLEY— prices rule, with a dull
market.
I Feed. $1 02«£@1 05; Brewing. $1 07%©1 12*. per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
; Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 91% c;
6000, 91% c; seller '99, new— 6ooo, 88c.
Regular Morning Session— '99. new— l 6
,-000 ctls; 87% c: 2000, 88c; 2000, 88% c; 12,000, SS^c.
December— 4000, 92c; 2000, 92% c; 2000, 92>4c.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— ctls,
SSc; 14,000, S7%c. December— 92c.
OATS The sharp advance, coupled with re
ceipts from Oregon, led buyers to hold off. and
the market was dull, though there was no
change in prices. Offerings of black were
larger, but white continued scarce.
Fancy Feed. $1 50 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 45(iil 47%; common. $1 37%©1 42%; Surprise,
$150: Gray, $1 40®1 45; Milling. $1 4501 50 per
ctl; Red, $1 40; Black. $1 32%01 36.
CORN— is nothing new to report.
Small round Yellow, $1 2501 40; Eastern,
large Yellow, $1 12%01 15; White, $1 1501 17%;
mixed, $1 12% per ctl; California White, nomi
nal.
RYE— 97%cosl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras,* $3 6003 73,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4003 45 per bbl for extra.
$3 2503 40 for bakers' and $2 3002 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
i Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
j Meal, "2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex-
I tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 5004 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4fi4 27.; Cracked AVheat, $3 75;
j Farina, *4 50; AVhole AA'heat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
j Oats (barrels), $6 5506 95; in sacks, $6 35<§6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. y -y
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were only 185 tons. There
was a better feeling, sales were more readily
made than for some. time, and dealers ventured
to hope that bedrock had at last been touched.
Those farmers who have been determined to let
go of their Hay at all hazards have pretty
much finished shipping, and I:' this proves true
arrivals from now on will be lighter.
Bran and Middlings are quoted firm.
BRAN— SIS 50016 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 50020 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $22 50023 per
. ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $3103150; Job
bing, ~32'*32 50; Cocoannut Cake. $24025; Cotton
seed Meal. $28030 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 7."; Cracked Corn, $24(7(25; Mixed Feed. $15
016.
Wheat, $10012 50 for good to choice and
, .... for lower grades: Wheat and Oat, $8011;
Oat. $7 50010; Barley, $6®B SO; Alfalfa, $4(g6 50.
STRAAV— 2SOSOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
This market continues dull at unchanged
I quotations.
! BEANS— Bayos, $1 5001 65; Small AVhite, $190
.02 10; Large Whites, $1500165; Pink*r"sl 800
I 190; Reds, $3 2503 35; Blackeye, $404 10; But-
I ters, nominal; Llmas, $4; Pea, $2 35&"2 50; Red
j Kidneys, $2 2502 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax, $2@2 10; Canary Seed.
I '2%c per lb; Alfalfa. BVi@9£c; Rape, 3@3%c;
| Hemp, 4@4%c; Timothy, 4-%?fis»ic.
1 DRIED" PEAS— Niles. $1 75@2; Green, $2 100
! 2 35 per ctl.
j POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
} Receipts were 767 boxes Asparagus, 447 boxes
! Rhubarb, 483 sacks Peas, 57 Backs Beans and
; 510 boxes and 761 Backs new Potatoes
Onions continue to decline. New Potatoes
are steady and brought an advance in boxes,
I but old are weak.
Peas are lower. Tomatoes rule firm at the
' high prices. Otherwise there is little new in
Vegetables.
I POTATOES— SI 2.".!ai 50 per ctl for Early Rose,
; ?1 40fil 50 for River Burbanks; Oregon, $1 15$
1 30 for seed and $1 50-** 1 80 for large; New Po
tatoes, P'*'1 X per lb in sacks and $1500185
for Rivers in boxes.
ONIONS— 4OOSOc for fair and 60075 c per ctl
for good to choice; new, 25050 c per Back for
Red
I VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 50c*j$1 25 per box
i for No. 2, $1 500] 77 for No. 1 and $2 for fancy;
I Rhubarb, 401160 c per box for common and 77. ■'<■
1 $1 for good to choice; Green Peas, 2@3c for
I common and 3%c for Garden; String Beans
j from Los Angeles. :;y... .;■• for green and 5(S6c for
Golden Wax; String Beans from Vacaville, i"'
--8c; Cabbage, $1 40; Tomatoes, $1 5002 50 per box;
Egg Plant, 10015 c per Ib; Garlic, 12015 c for
old and 6fiSc for new; Dried Okra, 15c per lb;
Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers. 5015 c; Car
rots, 55035 c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 10c
(ail per dozen; Sacramento Cucumbers, 50c;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles, 7%010c
j per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The recent Eastern is now cleaned up, but
there will be another car to-morrow. Local
stock Is steady and In moderate receipt. Pig
eons ire scarce and wanted.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, V.ftllc for Gob
: biers and 13014 c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 5001 7.".: Goslings. $202 50; Ducks, $5041 for old
! and $607 for young; Hens, $405; young
Rooster: $708 50: old Roosters, $4 2505; Fryers,
$6@7; Broilers, $4 6005 50 for large. - $2 5003 50
' for small: Pigeons, $2Ti2 25 per dozen for old
and $2 25fa2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits. $127. for Cotton
,' tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eastern Eggs are higher. Local stock is
quoted at previous prices, and the feeling is
steady.
Young America Cheese are lower.
Butter stands the same as for the past few
' days, the demand and supply about balancing.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Creamery, 16%017c; sec
onds, 16c.
Dairy— Fancy. Isc; good to choice, 13014% c;
store, 11012 c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lO01O%c; old.
9%c; Young America, llf"ll%c; Eastern, 14%@
15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16016 c for store and 17018 c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16%017c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 1552 boxes Cherries and 67,8
chests Strawberries.
Though receipts of Cherries were smaller yes
terday, there were some SOO or 800 boxes carried
over from the preceding day, which really In
creased the supply. • Prices, declined slightly
under the Increased offerings. Strawberries
were about th- same, but Gooseberries were a
shade weaker.
Raspberries came in from San Leandro and
brought $1 7502 per drawer. Those from New
castle brought 25c per basket.
No Apricots were received.
Apples are almost gone. Oranges are firm
at the advance. Lemons continue quiet. Fresh
: Mexican Limes are to arrive to-day.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 5002 7.0 for fair to good and $303 50
for choice to fancy.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 20025 c per drawer
; and 3c per lb in bulk. Blackberries, $202 25 per
J crate: Strawberries, *::-,; 7. per chest for small
and 12750350 for large berries.
Cherries, 60075 c for red, 50075 c for white and
77,.'.i*i per box for black, with an advance for
extra brands; Black, In bulk, 5010 c per lb.
Apricots, — per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges. $2 2503 75
per box; Seedlings, 112502 25; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 5002 25; Lemons, $1 2501 50 for com
mon and |202 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, 1606 50; California Limes. 50ft75c per
small box; Grape Fruit. $1 5002 50; Bananas
50-92 60 per bunch; Pineapples, $204 50 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50's, 50
i 5%c for 50-60" s, 404% c for 60-70's. 3%03-%c for
| 70-so's, 2V,;:p,,. for M 90* « L'y.yv for 90-100's
and 202% c for 100-110' s; Peaches. 8%09%c for
j good to choice, lOOIO%c for fancy and 14©l&cfor
| peeled; Apricots, 12%( l il3c for Royals and 14015 c
I for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9@9Hc; sun
I dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums nominal,
| l%c tor unpltted and 4%06c for pitted; Pears,
■ 3'(i'.i... according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
; crown, 5"-4 c for four-crown, 4%06c for Seedless
] Sultanas, 3%c tor Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
j for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2^403c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts, 508 c
I for hardshell, 10011 c for softshell; Almonds, 80
i 9c for hardshell. 12018 c for softshell. 14016 c for
papershell; Peanuts, 607 c for Eastern and 4%@
6c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— 10011 c for bright and 809 c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7%©
7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, s@6^c
• per lb. __
BEESWAX— per lb?
PROVISIONS.
i Although the market Is firm lt ls not ad
vancing in proportion with the Eastern mar
kets, as the local commission merchants are
content to sell Hams at former prices, having
bought them when quotations were lower.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy.
8%09c for light medium, lO%ollcifor light, 12c
for extra light and 12%013c forJsugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 11011#.c; California
Hams. lO01O%c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, "14; Family Beef, $15015 50; extra
j prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
j Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at S"4'as-"t'.c per lb for
; compound and 7%@7}"c for pure; half barrels,
j pure. 10 * ,b tins, S%c; 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE-Tlerces, 6%©6% c; packages,
I less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case. 9%c;
1 3-lb palls. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
. case, B%c: 10-lb palls, 6 tn a case, B%c; 50-lb
; | tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, g*4c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs.7%c. ::.-'. |
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell '
about Ie under the quotations. Heavy salted j
steers, 10c; medium. 909% c: light. 8»4c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 606% c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands, I
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15015% c; dry Calf, 17c; j
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10030 c each; short
Wool, 35060 c each; medium. 70090 c; long Wool, i
90c©$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 7502 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4©4% c per lb;
No. 2, 3V4'&3%c; refined, ; grease, 3c.
AA'OOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, 709 c; year's staple, 60Sc;
Foothill and Northern free, 10012 c; Foothill
and Northern defective. S@loc; Nevada, 9012 c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@l2c.
Fall AVools—
Northern Mountain ". ..7 @8c
Southern ... t 5%©70
Plains 7 5 @6c I
HOPS— crop. 10011 c per lb for ordinary,
12@12%c for good and 13015 c for choice to
fancy from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Veal is scarcer at a further advance.
Hogs are coming in freely from the East, 13
cars having been received during the past seven
days, and there are" more to come. Prices are
no lower, but they will be If the present Influx
from the East continues] There is no change
In Beef and Mutton.
AA'holesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per lb for Steers and 6©6% c
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, Sc; small, 8%©9% c per lb.
MUTTON— AVethers. 707% c; Ewes. 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. B%©9c per lb.
PORK— Hogs, 6%©5% c for small, 5%@
6c for medium and 605% c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4 «(ffsc: dressed Hogs, 7
@S%c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 5%c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26028 c; San Quentin
Bags, $4 95. ":■■'. '.';":
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $3; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $5;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; AA'allsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
ln sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5Hc:
Powdered. s"v; Candy Granulated. 6%c; Dry
Granulated, 5"4 c; Confectioners* A, 5%c; Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more: half barrels.
He more: boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
eoulvalent.
Imports from the Hawaiian Islands In April
were 414,926 bags, against 314,371 in April, 1898.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, May 10.
Flour, qr sks 3,030 Hay. tons 185
Wheat, ctls 1,026 Straw, tons 17,
Barley, ctls 1,440 Hides, No 547
Oats, ctls I,7ll 'Pelts, bdls 3,420
Butter, ctls 290 Quicksilver, flks. 100
Cheese, ctls 250 Eggs, doz 21.210
Beans, sks 624 Sugar, bbls 1.105 *
Potatoes, sks 1,462 1 Wine, gals 37,000
Onions, sks 34:'. Leather, rolls ... 79
Bran, sks 200 Wool, Lags 648
Middlings, sks... 230 Lime, bbls 182
Shorts, sks 235
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 14.1661 AA'heat. ctls 464
Oats, ctls 2.387, Potatoes, sks .... 2,070
Bran, sks 1,017 Onions, sks 190
Shorts, sks 240
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Minerva D. Kellogg to Edward and Frank
Kelly, lot on N line of Austin avenue. 125 E
of Franklin street, E 25 by N 60; $10.
John A. and Mary Gallagher to Elizabeth
Koopman (widow), lot on S line of Austin ave
nue. 70 W of Franklin street, S 60 by W 27,; $10.
Morris and Annie Lando to Joseph Magner,
lot on N line of Ellis street, 37:6 W of Franklin,
W 25 by N 57:6; $10.
Simon Peckerman to Philip H. Livingston,
lot on AY " line of Webster street, 87:6 S of
Ellis, S 25 by W 87:6; $20.
Milton Lambeth to Alice A Brownell and
Louise A. Sullivan, lot on W line of Fillmore
street, 70:3% S of Jackson, S 32:4% by AY 105;
gift.
, Garret W. and May E. McEnerney to Henry
wellbrock. lot on NE corner of Page street and
Central avenue (Lott), E 30 by N 100; $10.
C S. and Minnie C Engle to William K. Van
Alen, lot on E line of Central avenue. 132:7%
N of California street, N 25 by E 1""; $10.
Edward D. Milliard to Marie S. Billiard (wife
of Edward D.). lot on S line of Pacific avenue,
85 w of Walnut street, AA' 52 6 by 8 100; gift.
James and Emily Carolan to Marie S. Bul
lard, same; $10.
Charles Kirch to Minna Kirch (Bartow), lot
on E line of Clayton street, 175 S of AA'aller,
S 17 by E 186:3; $10.
Richard T. Kessler to Enterprise Brewing
Company, lot on S line of Twenty-eighth street,
228:8 E of Dolores, E 25:8 by s 114; $10.
George D. Shadburne to Edward L. Hunt, lot
on E line of Noe street, 90 N Of Twenty-fifth,
N 24 by E 105, quitclaim deed; $1.
Emma Iyewis (wife of Charles D.) to Ange
ligne Slmonnet, lot on E line of Douglass
street, 173 N of Eighteenth, X 125 by' N 27.; $10.
Alfred Cad to Glacoma Orsi. lot on SAA' cor
ner of Jackson nnd Stone street.*., AY 48 by S
60: $10. ;v : •
John Center to R. Blber, lot on NW corner
of Eighteenth (Solano) and Hampshire (Jersey)
streets, N 137:6 by AY 7.".; $10.
William J. Seeger to Maria Seeger, lot on I"
line of Fourth avenue, 175 S of California street.
S 50 by E 12"; gift.
Anthony A. Andre to S. Lombard!, lot on SAY
corner of Russia and London streets, AY 27, by
S 100. Excelsior Homestead: $60.
Samuel and Annie Wyatt to David W. Frazer.
lot on E line of Corbett road, 25:10 S from NW
corner -of lot 7, block 4. Market-street Home
stead Association. S 25, E 145, N 20. AY 17,0, lot
7, block 4, Market-street Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
AVilliam J. Noonan to Frederick C. Mathews,
lot on sw corner of Avon street and Second
avenue, W 171:6, S 150, E 50, N 50, E 121:6, N
100, to beginning, being lots 28, 29 and 30, block
H. Vernon Park, Oakland: $10.
Agnes and Theodore F. Dredge to Mary
Greene (wife of T. <".>. lot on E line of Ade
line street, '.'7, N of Twelfth. N 31:9, E 100, S
-29:6. W 20, SAA" 7:1, AA' 73 to beginning, block
573, Oakland: $3000.
John and Hanora Conners to Richard J.
Montgomery, lot on A\' line of Telegraph ave
nue, 60 N of Evoy avenue, N 7.0 by AA' 100, being
portion Montgomery Tract No.! 1, subject to a
mortgage to Oakland Bank of Savings for $1150,
Oakland; $10.
J. W. and Annie .1. Patterson to Maud Fritz-
Inger (wife of Charles), lot on S line of Hano
ver avenue, 214 AY of Newton avenue, W 35,
S 125.15, E 35. N 120.90 to beginning, block E,
Peralta Heights, subject to a mortgage for
$120), East Oakland; $10.
Ann M. Doyle to Arthur H. A. and Louise J.
Smith lot on N line of Grant street, 100 E of
Union", E 50 by N 100, being lots 7,3 and 7,4,
block L, New Map of E portion Lynn Home
stead East Oakland;' $17,7,0.
Estelle L. Dudley to Orison Whipple, lot on
8E line of Tenth avenue. 177 SW of East Elev
enth street, SAY 40 by SE 150, block 16, Clinton,
East Oakland; $3000.
Christ J. Jensen to Anna ('., wife of otto
Boos, all interest In lot on E line of Ettle
street, 175 N of A, N 27. by V. 133. being subdi
vision D. in lot 2, block 794, Watts Tract, Map
2, Oakland; gift.
Mary A., wife of B. S. Belden, to Blanche E.
and Marguerite A. Belden, lot on N line Forty
fourth street. 104.11 AA' of Telegraph avenue, AY
50 by N 100. being lot 27. block 2101, McCourtney
Tract: also lot on S line of Forty-fifth street,
with NE corner lot 21. block 2101, McCourtney
Tract, thence AA' 100 by S P.O. being lots 20 and
21, block 2101, same. Oakland: $10.
A L. and Abbie C. Payne to Christine Ross
(administratrix estate of D. Ross), lots 5, 6 and
7, block 2, Herzog Tract, quitclaim, deed, Oak
land; $62.
Samuel and Caroline Demooy to Julius A.
Larsh, re-record 592. d. 339, lot on AY line of
Chestnut street. 119 S of Third. S 25 by AY 127,
being lot 34. block 444. Adeline and Market
street Homestead. Oakland; $550. !
Albert and Gertrude Stenblht to Henry 7*
Jones, lot on N line of Oakland avenue or Sev
enth street. 100 AA' of Cedar street. A\' 50 by N
100. being lots 9 and 10. block 43. Oakland Point
Railroad Ferry Landing, subject to deed of
trust for $750. Oakland, $10.
F. AY. Stecker to Agnes Stecker, lot on S
line of Elm or Twenty-fourth street. 298 E of
Grove. E 35. S 137, AY 35. N 136:7 to beginning,
block P. Kelsey Tract; Oakland; gift.
John and Luna Stierlen to John F. Dingwell,
lot on N line of Hanover avenue, 500 AA* of
Newton. AA' 100 by N 147,, East Oakland: $10.
John F. and Maria S. Dingwell to Mary K.
Berger (wife of M. L. Berger), same; $10.
A. A. Fink to S. B. McCormick. lots 25 and
26, block 32. Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; $400.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company to R.
S. Hlnes. lot 1, block E. Daly Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Charles A and Alice C. Bailey to George and !
Maria Walter, lot on N line of Delaware street.
143 E of Curtis. E 43:2', by N 135:6. being lot j
J and E 17 feet lot I, block 5, Curtis Tract,
Berkeley; $5.
Emeline L. and Henry C. Brown to Conrad
Motzger. lot on SAY corner of Saratoga avenue
and Plymouth street. AY 80 by S 132.50, being
lots 14 and 15, block G. Amended Map Moss
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of Saratoga ave
nue, SO A\* of Plymouth street, AA' 120 by S 152.50,
being lots 16, 17 and 18, block G, same, Brook
lyn Township; $10. _
Builders' Contracts.
Judah Boas (owner) with Donald Currie (con
tractor), architect J. H. Littlefield— All work
for moving present old 2-story flatbuilding to
the rear, additions and alterations to same and
new section in front to be a 2-story frame, on
E line of Buchanan street, 137:6 N of Union,
N 27, by E 137:6; $2996.
Goldberg. Bowen & Co. (owner) with McPhee
Company (contractors), architect E. R. Swain
Stone work above first story. Including main
cornice and carving shown on drawings (no
brick backing, included), for a 3-story brick
building on N line of Sutter street, 137:6 E of
Grant 'avenue, N 137:6 by E 51:6; $3100.
Mrs. Hanna Brown (owner) with C. A. Holm
(contractor), architect H. Barth— All work, ex
cept painting for a 2-story frame building
(flats) on S line of Sutter street, 93 AY of Web
ster. W 22:6 by S 137:6; $3755.'
THE STOCK MARKET.
' There was the usual good business In local
securities on the Bond Exchange on the morn-
I ing session, though prices showed less than
. the usual fluctuations. Oceanic Steamship ad
vanced to $91 50. Other stocks were practically
unchanged. Onomea Sugar sold at $44 50.
A heavy business was done on the afternoon
call. Oceanic advanced to $92 25. Giant Powder
declined to $77 50, and there were free sales of
' A*igorit Powder at $3 50@3 75. Other stocks re
mained about the same.
Mining stocks were a few cents better. The
telegram from the pump said: "Elevator work
ing steadily. Water in the 1750 level winze Is
41 feet 6 inches below the station."
Subscriptions are now being received for bonus
and preferred stock in the Pacific Coast Bis
cuit Company, bearing 6 and 7 per cent inter
est, respectively. The books close on the loth.
, The offering is $1,250,000 in bonds and $250,000
I in non-assessable preferred stock.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company will pay
a dividend of 25c on the 20th. The Paauhau
: Plantation Company is now paying one of 30c.
i At the bond session of the San Francisco
Stock Exchange twenty shares of Hawaiian
Commercial sold at $121.
The Central Light and Power Company has
declared its first dividend of 5c per share, pay
able on the 20th.
The Granite Hill Mining and Development
Company of Nevada County has levied an as
sessment of 3 cents per share, delinquent
June 14.
At a special meeting of the stockholders of
the Syndicate Mining Company of Bodie au
thorization was given to diminish the capital
stock from $10,000,000, divided into 100,000 shares
of the par value of $100 each, to 100,000 shares
of the par value of $1 each.
. At the annual meeting of the Hutchinson Su
gar Plantation Company the old board was re
elected and the officers are the same as last
year, namely: President, J. N. Buck; vice pres
i ident, N. Ohlandt; secretary, E. A. Sheldon;
treasurer, J. D. Spreekels & Bros. Co. The an
nual report of President Buck showed 8360 tons
for the 1898 crop. The average net "price
a ton received for this to date is $72 65, which Is
$10 better than the price for 1897. The outlook
for the 180 i» crop is good.
An official letter from the Justice mine says:
On the 370 level the west crosscut from the sta
tion was advanced 15 feet during the week,
making its total length 130 feet. The face is
in clay and quartz. The old west crosscut from
the AValler Defeat-Justice lateral drift has been
cleaned out and retimbered a total distance of
95 feet. The repairs to the Washoe mill are
completed, and the mill commenced working
ore on the 7th inst. During the week they
hoisted twenty tons and 600 pounds of ore.
The car samples averaged: Gold, $13 84; silver,
4 ounces; total, $16 68 per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, May 10—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Bonds— Equit G L Co. 7 7%
4s quar c0up.. 114 — Mutual El Co. — 17%
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. — 47%
4s quar new.. — 123% lp a c Gas Imp.. 73% —
3s quar c0up..107%105%lp a c LCo — 45
Miscellaneous— , S FG & E.... 73% 71%
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — san Fran 3% 3%
Cal Elec L 127d-i127% Stockton Gas.. — 13%
C C Wat 55....H2%113% insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — Firem's Fund. 222 —
E L& P 130*4131 , Bank Stocks—
F& Cl Ry 6s. — 116 Anglo-Cal .... — 67%
Geary st R ss. — — ; Bank of Ca1.. 259 —
H C * S 5%5.102% — Cal S D &T. — 98%
-L ARy 5s 106 106% First Nationl.22o — _
L A LCo 65. 101% — Lon P & A... — 131%
Do gntd .101% — 'Mer Exchange— 16
Market-st 65... 128 129 iNev Nat 8k..150 190
Do Ist M 66.118 — : Savings Banks—
N C N G R 75. 108 — Ger S & L." — 1630
N Ry Cal 65.. 11* — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 55. .113% — Mutual Say.. — 41%
NPC R R 6s. — 103 S F Say U. . 500 —
N" P C R R 55. 103% — IS & L 50.... — 95
N Cal R R 109% — Security S B 300 350
Oak Gas 55.... 111% Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Ry 65.. 126% — Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry 6s. 107 — California ....115 —
P&O 6s 117 — Geary 57% —
Powell-st 65... — 122% Market-st C 2% 63%
Sac El Ry ss. — — Oak S L&H. — —
5I" & N P ss. — 115% Presidio — 17
S F & S .IV.'.s. — 116 I Powder—
SlerraßCal 65. 108% — California 160 187%
_ P of Ar 65.. 113 113% ] E Dynamite... — 100
SPC 6s (1905) — 112 Giant Con Co. 77% 78%
SPC 6s (1906) — — A'igorit 3% 4
SPC 6s (1912) — — Sugar—
SPCIs eg 53.100 - Hana P C 0.... 17% 17%
j S PBr 6s 123 — Haw C& S C.120% —
S V Water 65. 116 116% Hutch S P Co. 35% 35%
! S A' Water 103%104% Kilauea S Co. 32% 32%
S V W45(3dm).102%103 Onomea S Co. 47 —
1 Stktn Gas 65.. 101% — Paauhau S P. 12% 42%
AA'ater Stocks — Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 73% 74 Al Pac A55n.. 112% —
Marin Co 50 — Ger Ld Wk5.. 250 —
Spring Valleylol%lol% Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Gas and Electric- Oceanic S Co.. 92% 93
Capital Gas... — Pac A F A.... 2 2%
Central G Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.115. 115 —
Cent L _-. P... — 8 Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board —
6 Alaska Packers' Assn 112 00
50 Contra Costa AA'ater 74 25
210 Giant Powder Con 78 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 120 50
90 Hutchinson 8 P Co 35 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co, b 3 35 77,
75 Hutchinson S P Co 35 62%
$10,000 Los Angeles Ky 7. per cent bonds.lo6 00
'. $2000 Market Street Railway 63 25
250 Oceanic S S Co 91 50
1 100 Inomea Sugar Co 44 50
i 37.0 Paauhau S P Co 42 00
j LOO Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm 2 00
18 Spring Valley Water 102 23
j $10,000 Spring A'alley 4 per cent b0nd5. ..104 00
j $5000 Spring alley 6 per cent bonds 116 50
$2000 U 8 3 per cent bonds 107 87%
600 Vigorit Powder '.. 3 25
■; Street— '"•-'
$7000 S A" 4 per cent bonds (3d mortgage.. lo2 75
15 Giant Powder Con ...\ 78 12%
Afternoon Session.
Board
v Alaska Packers' Assn 112 12%
10 Alaska Packers' Assn : 112 25
35 Giant Powder Con 78 25
60 Man; Powder Con 77 50
40 Hana. Plantation Co 17 50
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 120 2."
120 Hutchinson 8 P Co 35 62%
30 Hutchinson S P Co 35 75
30 Market Street Railway 63 25
20 Market Street Railway t>3 00
$70C0 North Ry or '"al 5 per cent bonds.. 113 75
230 Oceanic S S Co 92 25
360 Onomea Sugar Co 45 00
280 Paauhau S P Co 42 00
17. Paauhau 8 P Co 41 87%
2"" Paauhau S P Co 42 12%
70 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 73 77.
$8000 s P of A bonds 113 12%
7,7, Spring Valley Water 102 00
13 Spring Valley Water , 10175
$2000 Spring Valley 6 per cent bonds 116 00
100 Vigorit Powder 3 25
250 Vigorit Powder 3 37%
Pi" A'igorit Powder 3 7.0
350 Vigorit Powder, b 5 3 50
430 Vigorit Powder 3 62%
200 Vigorit Powder 3 75
Street—
$2"00 Oakland Gas Bonds 11100
15 Oceanic S S Co 92 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Central Light & Power 7 50
125 Paauhau S P Co 42 00
27, Mutual Electric Light 16 75
27. Oceanic S S Co 91 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
2 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 73 50
77, Hutchinson S P Co 35 75
SOiPaauhau S P Co 42 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 42 12%
25 Oceanic S S Co 92 00
25 Central Light & Power 7 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con 07 1 700 Ophir 125
200 Chollar 32 1 700 Potosi 28
50 ('hollar 31 j 600 Potosi 27
400 Con Cal & Va.l 601 300 Savage 24
300 Crown Point... 18 ( 100 Sierra Nevada. 97
100 Crown Point... 19 1 100 Standard 2SO
200 Gould <_ Curry 35 1 300 Union Con 47
, 200 Justice 231
j Afternoon Session.
I 100 Caledonia 37 100 Sierra Nevada. 96
■ 200 Mexican 51* 300 Utah 17
200 Potosi 271 500 Yellow Jacket. 41.
Following were the sales in the Paciflc Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
7'" Alpha Con 07 300 Hale & Norcrs 27
200 Best & Belcher 55 300 Hale & Norcrs 26
700 Best & Belcher 56 200 Mexican 53
300 Caledonia 36 400 Ophlr 122%
400 Chollar 32 400 Potosi 27
•.''hollar --L-600 Potosi 28
260 Con Cal & ...l 60 150 Sierra Nevada. 95
500 Con Cal & V.l 62% 200 Sierra Nevada. M
50 Confidence 100 400 Union Con 46
250 Confidence 1 05 400 Utah 17
3CO Crown Point... 19
Afternoon Session.
; 300 Bullion 07' 400 Ophir 122%
: 200 Chollar ........ 31 j 200 Ophlr 120
I 300 Con Cal & V...1 60 200 Ophir 1 17%
, 2"' Con Cal A A.l 7,7". 300 Potosi 27
150 Gould & Curry 35 400 Savage 24
7"" Hale & Nom.s * 500 Utah 18
j 400 Mexican 51 600 Yellow Jacket. 40
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, May 10—4 p. m.
Alpha 06 07 Kentuck 04 06
Alta OS 10 Lady Wash.... 01 02
Andes 09 10 Mexican 49 50
Belcher 34 35|Occldental 35 —
Best & Belcher 53 64|Ophlr 115 120
Bullion 07 OS Overman 13 14
Caledonia 36 37 Potosi 27, 27
Chollar 30 31 Savage 23 25
.Challenge Con. 32 33 Scorpion — 03
Confidence 95 9*.i Seg Belcher 02 03
Con cal & A'a.l 66 1 60, Sierra Nevada. 93 95
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point... 18 Syndicate .. 05 —
Con New York. 02 —Standard 280 —
Exchequer — 03 St Louis 07 —
Gould & Curry 35 36 Union Con 43 4",
Hale & Norcrs 26 27, Utah 16 17
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 37 33
Justice ......... 22 23
■ pi
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
[ Offlce, located In the Merchants' Exchange, ls j
maintained in San Francisco for the beneflt of
mariners, without regard to nationality • and
free of expense. , . ,  _J
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce. *
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, ls hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point,
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, MAY 11.
Sun rises 5:0.
Sun sets 7:10
Moon sets 9:22 p. m.
d
Ft
I I
— Ft.
i Wl
Ft.!
]H W
Ft.
H \V
\-*.S\
12:47 4.7
1:39 4.5
Li W
7:15 —0.7
8:00:— 0.4
8:45! 0.0
«.S
10 ...
11 ...
12 ...
E
r.
-v.v
6.1
6.6
5.1
5:20
6:01
H W
2:30
3:21
4:12
2.
2.!
4.1
11:33
3.1
3.2
3.3
13 ...
0
0::
1::
6:1
I 8':!
14 ...
• \
i
NOTE In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are soundings to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the height,
and then the number given ls subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlce, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 10, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Belgian King... lPhlna and Japan May »
Homer Departure Bay (May 9
Mackinaw 'Tacoma IMay 10
A. Blanchard..!Coos Bay -...'May 11
San Juan lAcapulco May 11
Siam [Nanalmo May li
Point Arena IPolnt Arena May 11
Acapulco 'Panama IMay 11
Samoa 'Humboldt Bay ]May U
Umatllla 'Victoria & Puget Bound' May 11
Santa Rosa [Ran Diego _!Mavl2
Pnmona iHumboldt ..IMay 18
"\Weott jTillamook Bay IMay 13
Crescent City.. Crescent City IMay 13
Tltanla Nanalmo May IS
Prosrreso Seattle May 1$
Luella ITillamook IMay H
Coos Bay 'Newport — IMay 14
Arcata |Coos Bay IMay 14
Signal 'Columbia River May 15
Newburg Grays Harbor :May 15
Fulton IPortland May 15
B. Hernster ICnqullle River IMay 15
State of Cal IPnrtland | May 15
Corona 'Fan Diego IMay 1<?
Washtenaw iTacoma IMay I<s
Oueen (Victoria ft Tuget Sound ! May 17
Bonita ! Newport May IS
North Fork IHumboldt IMay 1<?
Onirp Dollar... (Grays Harbor May IS
Columbia ] Portland [May *n
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
I Destination.
Pier.
Walla WalliVlc & Psrt Bd. May 11. 10 ami Pier ■»
Alliance . ..•iOrejjon Ports. May 11. 10 ampler 20
A. Blanohd'Humboldt IMay 12, 5 pm'Pier IS
Bonlta [Newport IMay 12. 9 am : Pier H
Columbia ..Portland |May 13. 10 am Pier 2i
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. IMay IS. 3 pm Tier 2
Pomona ...IHumbol.lt May 14, 2 pm ; Pler 9
Santa Rosa^San Die«?o 'May 14, 11 am Pier 11
Coos Ray... Newport May lfi, 0 am Pier 11
City Pektns'f-hlnaA-.Tapan'May 18, 1 pm'PMSS
T r matilla ..Vic & Pet Sd.lMay 18, Id am Pier 9
Arcata — If'oos Bay 'May lfi, 4pm Pier IS
Moana 'Sydney (May 17, 1 pm'Pier 7
State Cal..J Portland May Id. 10 am Fler 24
Corona 'San Dinpo IMay 18, 11 am Pier 11
San Juan. .'Panama May IS, 12 m PMSS
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May 10.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall. 50 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield, S6 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 25 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Columbia, Green, 52 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 39*4 hours.
Stmr Homer, Higgins, 5 days from Departure
Bay.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, 72 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Br stmr Belgian King, Weiss. 41 days from
Hongkong, via Nagasaki 36 days, via Kobe 31
days, via Yokohama 26 days, via Honolulu 10
days.
Brig Consuelo, Page, 15 days from Mahu
kona.
Schr Oceania Vance, Marchison, 9 days from
New Whatcom.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, 3 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Lizzie Prien, Hansen, 3 days from Co
qullle River. '
Schr Man* Etta, Anderson. 30 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Alice Cooke, Penhallow, 18 days from
Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, May 10.
Stmr Walla Walla. Gage, Victoria ar.d Port
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, Hilo; J D
Spreekels & Bros ('■>.
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 10.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund.
Stmr Corona. Debney, San Diego, etc.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson. Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, in search of disabled
stmr Elihu Thomson.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson. Hilo.
Schr Bessie K. Benson.
Schr Gotama. Johannissen, Coos Bay.
Schr Joseph and Henry. Arff, Coqullle River.
Schr Coquelle, Pearson, Coqullle River.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, Blhlers Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— May 10, 10 p. Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Falls of Clyde loads mdse for Hilo;
Haydn Brown, mdse for Kahulul.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOAVNSEND— May 10— Br
ship Colllngrove. from Port Blakeley for Shang
hai: bktn J M Griffith, from Tacoma for Taku.
TACOMA— Arrived May 10— Ship Dashing
Wave, hence Apr 28.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 9— Schr Ida
McKay, frcm Kahol; schr Jennie Thelln, hence
Apr 26; stmr Newburg, hence May 5. -
BOWENS LANDING- Sailed May 10— Schr
Monterey, for San Francis,,,.
SEATTLE— SaiIed May 10— Stmr Orizaba,
for Dyea.
PORT LUDLOW— May 10— Br ship
General Roberts, for Cape Town.
ASTORIA— May 10— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, hence May 6.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived May 10— Br stmr Wye
field, from Nanaimo.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed May 10— Schr G W
Watson, for Tacoma and Tahiti.
EUREKA— Arrived May 10— Stmr Pomona, he
May '.'. , .*-""•.
Sailed May Stmr Sunol, for San Fran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived May S— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from A'ancouver.
LONDON— Sailed May S— Br bark Forfar
shire, for Oregon.
ILOILO— SaiI.d May I— U S stmr Sheridan
for San Francisco.
AUCKLAND— Arrived May 9— Stmr Mariposa,
hence Apr 20.
APlA— Arrived Apr 29— U S stmr Brutus, he
Apr 10.
GALLEY" HEAD— Passed Br ship Galena,
from Oregon for Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed May 10— Br ship Ra
jore, for ; Br ship Australian, for Hamburg
COMOX— Arrived May 10— Bark Oregon, hce
Apr 27.
ACAPULCO— May Stmr Colon,- for
San Francisco. ■
PORT ELIZABETH— SaiIed May 10— Shis
Eclipse, for Newcastle. NSW.
SYDNEY— May 10-Stmr Alameda, for
San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to May 10— Bi
stmr Ettrlckdale, hence April .3.
rr-J.-y TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— May to-str Waes
land, from Philadelphia for Liverpool
LIVERPOOD-Arrlved May 10-Stmr Pavonla
from Boston. •
BOULOGNE-Arrived May 10-Stmr Spaarn
dam, from Rotterdam. ■
NEW YORK—A rrived May 10— Stmr Mar
quette, from London; stmr Teutonic, from Liv
erpool; stmr Southwark. from Antwerp
. Sailed May 10-Stmr Paris, for Southampton*
stmr Britannic, for Liverpool; stmr Friesland
for Antwerp. «-»_* i
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 10-Stmr Kals
er Frledrich. from Bremen for New _or*WILL BATTLE
OVER UNIQUE
TESTAMENTS
Colusa County Will Case That
Promises Many Sensations
at the Trial-
Big Estate of Henry C. Nelson Tied Up by
Petition of Virginians, Who Allege
Fraud, Indue Influence and
Illegal Execution.
IN a few weeks a will contest will en
gage the Judicial attention of a Colusa
court rivaling the Murdoch case In
point of public Interest. Strange as It
may seem, the petition of the contestants,
containing allegations of a sensational
character, and directly charging some of
the most prominent people of Colusa
County with being parties to the manu
facture of a will and codicil that were
not a good will 01 a good codicil, has been
on file since the beginning of the year
without public exposure. Before this
month has passed the attorneys of both
sides expect the legal battl" to be fought
out In the courts.
The contest Is over the estate of Henry
C. Nelson one of the most prominent
ranchers of Colusa County. He died in
this city on October 31; 1597, leaving an
estate which is valued at $125,000. On No
vember 8 of the same year a will, to
which there was a codicil ached, was
filed for probate by J. Thad Jones, .1. W.
Goad and R. E. Smith. This last will and
testament was admitted to probarte and
letters testamentary Issued. According
to the will the entire estate was be
queathed to nieces and nephews then re
sidir--r In Colusa and other parts of this
State. The contestants are nieces and
FAC-SIMILE OF SIGNATURE TO WILL.
nephews by other' brothers and sisters
residing in the State of Virginia.
The allegations in the petition to have
the order of court admitting the will to
probate set aside are the forerunner of
a most sensational trial, in which a most
unique will and codicil will cut the lead
ing feature. The parties who drew up
both documents will be forced to give
seme Interesting testimony as to their
execution. Th.- writing of the will is ac
credlted to Dr. Thomas Galvan of this
city; that of the codicil to Senator J. W.
•'..-ad of Colusa.
The attoruevs for the petitioner are
Bridgford & Clunie. Crittenden Thornton,
Ernest Weigand of Colusa and E. T.
i rane. The defendants are -tented
by Horace G. Piatt of Piatt & Bayne.
Hardly a count is omitted by the peti
tioners' attorneys in their long list of
charges upon which they rely to break
both will and codicil. Duress, fraud, in
competency, undue influence and Illegality
of execution complete the gamut.
me time prior to his death Nelson
came to this city and took lodging at the
I.angham Hotel. He was afflicted with
senile debility, and shortly after his ar
rival was stricken with paralysis. Death
was imminent and his relatives, the de
visees in the will and codicil, flocked to
his Aside to attend him In his last mo
ments. According to the petition at the
time of the drawing up of both instru
ments for the disposition of his property
Nelson could neither see nor hear and
was so enfeebled by age and aisease that
he was unable to form a just or proper
. Igment as to the objects of his bounty.
It is alleged that under the duress of
Willie H. Nelson, Julia Nelson. Emma
Nelson Smith. Ella Nelson McVey, Alice
Davis Lizzie Murphy and Thomas Gal
van the attendant physician, the de.
is<>d was forced into the execution of
the pretended will. It is said that at this
time C II Nelson was sick unto death
and" that Dr. Galvan wrote the will at
their request; also that he wrote the
name of the deceased and inserted his
own name as sole executor without
bonds, mpellng Nelson to yield a pre
tended and enforced consent to the execu
tion of the same.
But the most sensational facts of the
petition are those which relate to the
power exerted over Nelson while on his
deathbed. It is claimed that the devisees
and Dr. Galvan for their own personal
ends and Interests unduly Influenced the
decedent during the latter days of his
life. They are charged with having pro
cured Galvan to draw up the will, and
that Nelson merely went through the
form of signing without freedom of ac
tion, choice or consideration and with
out any knowledge of the contents.
The signature of the will is in the hand
writing of the maker of the Instrument.
GRAPE-NUTS.
* *
* 'Fleece' *
Is the rjom? of a "%^
* NEW DESSERT *
* 'So Easy to Make' *
* &
» And the newest thin-- out. _.j
"FLEECE"
How to Make.
Whip cream and stir in Grape-Nuts.
The result is a light, puffy cloud of
delicacy which holds the brittle, crisp
granules of the Grape-Nuts ln suspen-
sion and makes a charming dish when
served and one the guests will not
quickly forget the fascination of.
Grape-Nuts you know are a break-
fast food found at any first-class gro-
cery.
This food ls made of wheat and bar-
ley prepared by processes that bring
out the grape sugar, from which the
name is taken. Many like "Fleece"
made up for breakfast.
AH that is shown of the Intentions of
Nelson to bequeath his estate to the par
ties who are mentioned In the will as
heirs and devisees la bound up in a cross
which is labeled "his mark." This is
shown in the facsimile. The petition de
clares that Nelson did not sign nor sub
scribe the pretended and purported lust
will and testament, but the same was
signed and his mark affixed thereto under
and by the name of Henry C. Nelson by
Thomas Galvan without the command or
request, of the deceased and without his
subsequent approval or ratification. The
will is witnessed by John P. Gallagher
Mrs. R. P. Johnson and E. J. Hill, none
of whom were requested to act in that
capacity, as the petitioners aver.
The will Is as follows:
I, Henry C Nelson, make this my last
will an.l testament I divide my property
equally among my heirs, to-wlt: Mrs. Julia
Jones "I" Oakland; Mrs. Ella McVey, Colusa;
.Mice Davis. Modoc; Emily Murphy, Oak
land; Willie H. Nelson, Modoc; Lizzie
Smith, Oakland. And hereby appoint Dr.
Thomas Galvan of San Francisco, Cal.,
my executor of this my last will and testa
ment without bonds..
His
HENRY C. (X) NELSON
Mark
We, John P. Gallagher, Mrs. R. P. John
son and E. J. Hill, witnesses to the fore
going signature. hereby certify that we
witness the foregoing signature of Henry
C Nelson to his la-Ft will and testament,
and he declares the same to be his last
will and testament, and that we sign the
I same at his request and In his presence this
1 ITth day of October. 1597.
JOHN P. GALLAGHER.
MRS. R. P. JOHNSON.
E. J. HILL.
The codicil in the execution of which
the most prominent parties of Colusa
County are concerned, was executed
some three days later. It is written on
ledger paper and is signed at the bottom
with a scrawl like an Indistinguishable
signature purporting to be that of Henry
' '. Nelson. The codicil reads:
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20, 1897.
Whereas, I. Henry C. Nelson, of the
count; of Colusa, State of California, did
on the 17th day of October, 1837, make mv
last will and testament In writing, I do
hereby declare this to be a codicil to said
will. I ratify and confirm said will giv
ing all rev real estate and personal prop
erty to Lizzie Smith, Ella McVey, Emma
Murphy, Julia Jones. Alice Davis and
"Willie Nelson to share and share alike,
ratifying and confirming said will In every
respect, save so far as it is Inconsistent
with the codicil. I appoint R. B. Smith. J.
W. Goad and Thad Jones executors to act
with the said Thomas Galvan without bonds.
His
HENRY C. (X) NELSON
Mark
Witness:
R. A. GRAY, M. D
J. A. MURPHY.
(Scrawl.) HENRY C. NELSON.
The facsimile shows that Nelson's name
was written, cross inserted between
Henry and the Initial C, and the words
"his mark" to show that Nelson sanc
tioned its contents. Directly below this is
a hieroglyphic scrawl which bears some
resemblance to the name of the deceased.
It seems that the heirs and devisee of the
will who were In attendance began to
long for more executors, and J. \\". Goad
of Colusa, the attorney of Nelson, was sent
for. Goad, it is alleged, wrote the codicil.
He appears as an executor along with
Thomas "alvan, J. Thad Jones and R. E.
Smith. The petition has it that Goad, at
the instigation of the others, for their
' benefit and for himself as executor,
wrote the codicil and procured the dece
dent to make an Illegible scrawl, alleged
to be the decedent's signature; also that
, he Inserted the executors' names and pro
cured and compelled a submission to the
execution of the codicil.
The most sensational allegation In re
! gard to the codicil Is In the words of the
petition as follws: •
"That the "indistinguishable scrawl
1 which is made upon said purported codicil
under the pretended subscription of the
same which was written by the said
J. w. Goad was not declared nor Intend
ed to be the signature to said pretended
codicil by the said decedent, nor was the
same declared by the said decedent to be
his signature to any person whatever."
The culmination to the charges come In
the concluding allegation which denies
that the witnesses Dr. R. A. Gray of
Colusa and J. A. Murphy were requested
to sign as witnesses by C. 11. Nelson, or
that the latter acknowledged the paper
to lie his last will and testament or a
codicil thereto.
The trial of this case will show some
rare developments, if the intimations of
attorneys are based upon evidence ob
tained. At any rate it will attract the
closest attention of that section of the
country in which the land in question Is
situated, both on account of the amount
and parties involved.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
Printer Hughes Wins.
Judge Seawell yesterday decided that
the claim of Samuel C. Hughes, a non
union printer, against the city for $95 must
be paid. Auditor Wells refused to audit
the demand on the ground that an ordi
nance passed by the Board of Supervisors
prohibited the awarding of contracts to
other than union printers. They did award
the contract to Hughes, however, and al
lowed his demand. The court therefore
holds that the board repealed the ordi
nance by implication and the demand
must be paid. The validity of the ordi
nance was not brought Into question.
Valuable Horse Impaled.
One of a valuable team of horses be
longing to F. Goss. and kept at Lichen
stein's place at 1037 Valencia street, was
badly Injured In an accident about 7
o'clock last evening and was shot by Of
ficer Potter. While driving from the
stables one of the collar straps broke.
Tho team reared and plunged, and
one of the horses finally got Impaled on a
picket fence. It was frightfully cut
about the body, and to relieve Its suffer
ings Police Officer Potter put a bullet into
Us brain.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 11. 1899:
THE ODD FELLOWS
AND THE REBEKAHS
HELEN M. CARPENTER of Ukiah, Who Will Be President, and
MARY E. DONOHO, Secretary, of the Assembly.
THE entire morning session of the Grand Lodge of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows was taken
up yesterday in listening to the reports of the spe
cial committee appointed to report on the advisa
bility of maintaining the Odd Fellows' Home at
Thermalito, Butte County. The committee, as has
already been published at length in The Call, was di
vided. It presented a minority and a majority report, and
the reading of these, with the reading of the report of
the trustees of the home, presented by G. H. Morrison,
the president of the board, occupied attention until the
noon recess. In the afternoon a surprise was sprung on
the Grand Lodge which had the effect of shutting off
debate on the matter of the special committee's report
on the condition of the home. This was in the nature of
a supplemental report by the special committee. The
committee recommended the acceptance of the offer of
the Thermalito company, tin offer being to allow the
home to remain Undisturbed for a period of five years,
and if then it appear the place is unfit for home pur
poses on account of being unsanitary the company will
donate the entire property to the odd Fellows to do with
it as the order may decide.
An effort was made to have action taken on the mat
ter at once, but It was said that while the subject mat
ter might be disposed of in that way, it appeared that
SCAVENGERS ARRESTED
ON SERIOUS CHARGES
DUMPED GARBAGE ALONG THE
SAN BRUNO ROAD.
A Practice Which Has Aroused Ob
jection From the Owners of
Adjacent Property.
For several days past scavengers have
been dumping garbage along the line of
the San Bruno road. The principal dump
ing ground chosen by them has been be
tween Blank. ns and the Seven-mile
House. Fifty wagons sought the loca
tion daily, and within a short time every
acre of land In the vicinity was heaped
with refuse of all descriptions. Most of
the stuff was dumped In San Mateo
County, but in many Instances the gar
bage venders did not drive that distance
and left the contents of their wagons
i ear the road in this county.
Property owners raised an objection, and
yesterday two arrests were made in San
Mateo County by Constable McMahon.
T. Rastldl. another vender, was arrested
by Officer P. McKenna ln this county and
was taken to the Seventeenth street sta
tion. The scavengers had sentinels posted
at different points on the road, and news
of the interference on the part of the law
soon spread to the drivers on their way to
the new dumps, and many of them
dropped their loads wherever they hap
pened to stop. Rastldl was one who hap
pened to be detected In the act.
The property owners are united In an
effort to stop the practice and will push
the cases against the parties arrested In
both counties. They say the garbage has
brought sickness among them.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. .1 Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Passed a Fictitious Check.
John J. Sheridan. 1034 Market street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Mogan' 3
court yesterday charging Robert Bu
chanan with passing a fictitious check
upon him on May 4. The check was for
$57. drawn on the First National Bank,
payable to James E. Becker or bearer,
and signed "A. <".. Morgan." It was In
dorsed by Becker. The check was pre
sented at the bank and was marked "no
account." .
Fell Into the Bay.
John Perkins, a laborer, living In Berke
ley, started to drink water front whisky
Tuesday night and about 4 o'clock yes
terday morning he wandered on to Spear
street wharf and stumbled into the bay.
He was rescued by some longshoremen
and sent to the Receiving Hospital, where
he soon recovered.
. ._ ! : O• O • o*o «-0 <«> O <->0-j>o'*>OiO^O*o #0*0«)0*0<J»0-S' o^o<-> O $>0 i-O^O-'
I A BELT WITH MERIT. J
£' ft «& That's the kind of a Belt you want °
<s> f,\ *^« if you expect It to cure you. When you O
° \s\ o^. fIP"*H buy a Belt, buy a GOOD one or none at ♦
O _li &*T ___\ aIL Go where BELTS ARE MADE— °
♦ vt F, \'' M. to a firm of established reputation, 9
O \- t^**wy*J!& whose word and promises amount to 0 '
<?> \ ?****— x§S something, and then you will be able to <*>
0 S y '/uyys^S *X get what you want and at a fair price, 6
O yy^'WS' ( A J -^\\ too. There is no humbug about Dr. "&
% &_Wmw_^ '* y^'-'ifc. S * Pierces Electric Belt. Any one who °
0 -uvWlWV^'c^y *" ■•'"■« 'jJfflEa^P^ has ever tried it knows at. It does „
t \w^W^W_\S_--__-Wf!\x not fall to l )lf;( ' os in a few weeks as Y.
7 \ \\W\AwMWI others do. It is warranted to be up 0
o V\\m\^\V^S^^BPSffi . represented. Buy no Belt till you see -
•' " DR - PiERCE's." yy ' o
0 •■■' . A^^^^^^^inmMlf' Gail at offlce or sen( " ~°- in stamps "■■
♦ NS»^fflfpf for our "Book No. 2." Address °
o PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., ?
O 620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal. <
<*> RUPTURE. If ruptured send stamp for "Booklet No. 1." O
O A >
#<*>o<^o-»o*s-o<^o^o^o^o^o^o^0 < ,^ 0<^ 0 0 '^ o '^o^o^o^o^ •
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW -ORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARI*.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
St. Louis May S"tf"t. Lorls May 24
Paris May 10 Paris May 31
St. Paul Mayl7|St. Paul Juna 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Frcm"*New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland ......May (Westernland ....May M
Friesland May 10 Kensington May 31
Southwark May UNoordland .Jua« 7
EMPIRE LINE.
6eattl«. St, Mlchaol. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
SO Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
the majority of the committee, which had in its first re
port declared against the home, had stultified itself. A
motion was- made that the matter go to print and be
made the special order of business immediately after
the election of officers this afternoon. This was carried.
After that the journal of the previous day was taken up,
but nothing of special interest was done.
The report presented by the president of the board
of trustees of the home is a very complete account
of the condition of the institution, the cost of maintain
ing it and statements of comparison with other homes
of a similar character.
At the session of the California Assembly of Rebekahs
only routine business was transacted, the committees
not being prepared to report. A legacy of $500 from the
estate of the late H. O. Matthews of Charity Lodge of
Stockton was set aside to assist in maintaining a hospi
tal at the Orphans' Home at Gilroy. Individual reports
were received from delegates,* and from these it ap
peared that all the lodges except two are doing well as
to membership and finance. During the afternoon the
assembly was addressed by Grand Master Brueck, Grand
Secretary Shaw and Past Grands Drew and Warboys
and P. G. P. Earlwine. They recommended earnestly
that good representatives be sent to the grand body of
the order to ask for more liberal legislation for the
Rebekahs. V : :
IN THE HANDS OF
THE COURT-MARTIAL
NEALL'S CASE FINALLY SUBMIT
TED TO BROTHER OFFICERS.
Closing of the Judge Advocate's
Argument — Willing to Be Silent
About Neall's Family
Affairs.
The Neall case is In the hands of the
court. The last of the Judge advocate's
argument was submitted yesterday morn
ing, the record and charges were verified
and the whole transcript of the evidence
and of the arguments -were left with the
officers to be referred to in their secret
deliberations.
Captain Noble's argument did not take
many minutes. It was just the few clos
ing paragraphs which the coming of the
closing hour Tuesday afternoon cut off.
It contained on,- important feature. The
judge advocate accepted Mr. Thornton's
view of the fourth specification of the
fourth charge, where ' the allegation is
made that Neall left his wife and chil
dren destitute. Mr. Thornton claimed the
destitution of .Wall's family, until it be
came a matter of public scandal, had no
place in the charges against the accused;
that it was strictly a private matter. The
judge advocate agreed with this view of
tie- specification, and he went further.
it- said the destitution of Neall's family
was plainly due to Neall's hurried flight,
and his flight the judge advocate said
he believed was unpremeditated and for
the purpose of escaping from the inspec
tion to be held the afternoon he disap
peared.
In conclusion Captain Noble expressed
his sincere regret that his duties had led
him to prosecute a brother officer. His
work had been simplified, he said, by the
presence of special counsel for the ac
cused, and just there the judge advocate
paid a neat compliment to Mr. Thorn
ton; and he hoped the court would look
upon his efforts as those of an officer to
the best of his ability fairly seeking the
good of the service.
This ended the formal proceedings of
lite trial. That the record might show
the accused had voluntarily relinquished
his right to testify, lie was asked if he
would give evidence in his own behalf.
Through his counsel he declined to do so.
How long the court will consider the
evidence is a matter for guesswork only,
but even then, unless the finding be one
of acquittal, it will not be made public.
ft will be sent to the commanding gen
eral of this department, who will for
ward it to the adjutant general at Wash
ington, who will deliver it to the Secre
tary of War, who will lay it before the
President, who will approve it or not, as
he sees fit, or alter it to suit his pleasure,
and then approve it. It will take time,
- ..■-•■.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COOAN, Master.
Will Sail on or About May 1.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN. 44 East st.
but the result will finally come out in or
ders from Washington.
A Strange Hallucination.
Elizabeth Harris, residing at 146 Sixth
street, was arrested last evening- and will
be detained at the City Prison pending an
examination as to her sanity. The woman
employed a carpet layer yesterday, and
each tack he drove she Imagined to be
a human head severed from the body
and dropped Into a can. The owner of the
house, tearing she might set fire to the
premises, called an officer and had her
arrested.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO MEN
The Private Formula of a Noted
Physician Made Known -Quickly
Restores Weakened Mankind
to Strength and Vigor.
* i». W. KNAPP, M. D.
A most successful remedy has been found for
sexual weakness such as Impotency, shrunken
organs, nervous debility, lost manhood, night
emissions, premature discharge and all other
results of self-abuse or excesses. It cures any
case of the difficulty, never fails to restore
the organs to full natural strength and vigor.
The doctor who made this wonderful discov-
ery wants to let every man know about lt. He
will therefore send the receipt giving the vari-
ous ingredients to be used so that all men,
at a trifling expense, can cure themselves. He
sends the receipt free, and all the reader need I
do Is to send his name and address to L. W.
Knapp. M. D.. 1373 Hull building, Detroit,
Mich., requesting the free receipt as reported
in this paper. It ls a generous offer, and all
men ought to be glad to have such an op-
portunity.
/^"\ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
_fetf-*sl *'"•** KKAUNYST ' Established
W*]f* ■___ ■• 1*54 for the treatment of Private
lva\Att)\-'Bf_' , -""'*'"- Lost Manhood. Debility or
fiST&SffIBE disease wearingou bodyandmindand
*t_H^|__Ri skin "'senses. The doctorcures\vh--ii
O^SS«W"-' ' s ***'*• Try him. Charges low
r^_t____i 'iirrnKiiarnniprd. Callorwrite.
JIT. J. *■■ »«IBBO*i, «A.i ~«57,5a-- Francisco
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Lrannan streets, 1 p. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. , -.., s-
AMERICA MARIT Saturday, May 6
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, June 1
NIPPON MARC Tuesday. June 27
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and paisage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
©BPHIIIfI 8- S. Moana sails
IfkHHIC vla Honolulu and
l»t »■■■■» Auckland for Sydney
■ ' Wednesday. May 17.
r?llPiiniSnin^ The ■**• *-*• Australia
rVNGQIIUIIIU ea!lg for Honolulu
(onpwj- Wednesday, May 31.
V_-i**r"*iw-i at 2p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suex.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Otflce, 327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TKANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. .^£&»
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. *&%nh r\
from Pier 42. North River, foot "■""J---U
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE May 20; LA
TOURAINE, May 27, I— GASCOGNE, June 3;
LA CHAMPAGNE. June 10; LA BRETAGNE,
June 17. First class to Havre. (66 and upward,
5 per cent reduction on .round trip. Second class
to Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA 3 Bowling Green,
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Paciflc Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM, VIA Bou-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twln-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(8300), STATENDAM (10.500). First Cabin, $50
upward; Second Cabin, $37. '
Saloon Steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM,
etc., $37.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK ft SON. Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents. 621 Market Street, San Francisco.
I : ADVERTISEMENTS. .
Anhcuscr-Busch Brewing Ass'n
««__- j|^ Makes a specialty of bot-
cc * ecrs or am^y usc -
The materials used for
>^Sl^^ their brews are the very
JS%^g^Y& best obtainable both in
\__r^^^^^_Zi this country and abroad.
CORN, which is so generally used by other brewers, does not
enter into the products of the
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N,
hence their motto: "Not How Cheap, but How Good."
y^r j* IL/^ m __. * — "^ Greatest of Tonics." Invigorates,
&^Qf/I^/|^^^^^ rejuvenates and prolongs fife.
____ JLUiJ * U l-j*l M M*Ui*MMIj>MI ■_■!■■ ■■» llllllini Mf—— ■ iii.--*-MMim— a— nmM'—i win' mi i a 'iwiMMMBIW
OCE__U TK&.VEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
[L. Steamers leave Broadway
lf?fe~>__ wharf, San Francisco:
Iw&lfc Steamers leave 10 a. m..
i llM%3»?b_ S! **y *• 6 - 31 - 1C - *■•*• - 8 * * :
'] Ift I^S*ara June 6: change at Seattle.
1 lu_g!*A| For Victoria. Vancouver (».
iflwL^al c -'- Port Townsend. Seattle,
I^^MBHWBft Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
6 nd New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. May 1. 6. 11, 16, 21.
26, 31; June 5, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
| for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ky. ; a**. Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. May 4,
9. 14, I£, 24, 29; June 3. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cru_. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 4, 8. 12. 16. 20. 24, 28;
June 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego." (-topping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. May 2, 6, 10. 14, 18. 22. 26, 30; June 3. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Enaenada. Magdalena Bay, Pan Jose del
Cabo, Masatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an' *hi-.nr<- of "salllnir.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). .- *
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
in Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
PTPrATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC * 12 First Class • Including Berths
THiIL $8 Second Class and .Meals.
Columbia sails April 23: May 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails April 28; May 8.
, 18, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butta,
Helena and all . points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS Sc CO..
Superintendent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS-LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
NEW YORK— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agents Paciflc Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
lis Montgomery Ft.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEB3.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS. I
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at Sim.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOB 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays,
1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock, Pier
No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ■■ SOc
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
California
limited
Santa:f£Rpu'#j(_
Connecting* Owl Train "Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY^
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following* Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1:30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob- I
servation Car and Eleotrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally [
Overland Express.
SAI FRANCISCO TICKEfOFHGE — IU MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15SL
Oakland Offioe— Broadway.
Saoramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1&99.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLE**
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, »8:00, •9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:46, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, ***6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO, •8:00. no-.00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00. »1:45, *2:SO. »4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m- does not run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
I:W p. m- does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »6:40. 7:55. 8:40, *10:20
a. m. : 12:30, 2:15. »S:4O. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday* , at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. »8:00, '9:45. »10:45, «U:«
a. m.; 1:00. 1:20. •»:*>. **6:15. •*:(», 7:00. 10:15
p. m.' '-- -" ■■- ■'■
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:50, 7:55. 8:55. 10:33
a. Bid 12:35, 2:45. 4:55, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:0 i,
1:30. 2.40. 3:55. 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
i 1:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns. j
; 8:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns. 1
6:15 p. m week days (Saturdays excepted)— i
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way sta'ns. •
1:43 p. m. Sundays— PL Reyes and way sta'ns.
MEXICAN INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD
"EAGLE PASS ROUTE."
The shortest standard-gauge line and fastest :
time between principal cities in the United :
States and Mexico.
No change of cars at the frontier. Through
Pullman buffet sleeping cars daily between San
Antonio, Texas, and the City of Mexico and ,
Monterey. Direct line to Monterey, Durango,
Zacatecas, Aquas Callentes. San Luis Potosi,
Guadalajara and City or Mexico. All trains
met at frontier by representative of 'general
passenger department to attend to Inspection
of baggage. ■ exchange of money, etc.
For further information call on or address !
any agent of the Southern Pacific Company
or - y--* C. K. DUNLAP.
General Freight and Passenger Apent,
Eagle Pass. Texas.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry. ,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1399.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and .:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ing*, Arriving ln 8. F. at 11:20 p. m.
6UNDAYS. S. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. *-nd 1:44. 3:38
and 4 p. na.
Fare. 8. F. to Summit and Return. 31 40.
•rnns rno-f & so v. _. -*» . -21 u_rk_t »_.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL. \
He~7Tlll.lt.Hi rAtii'i-; («>.III'A.\T.
(FAOiriO system.)
Train* l«n«r mikl tare clut> (o iirriie at
, **AN f*ltANt°lN('<».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
. : ,-,
leave — . From May 7, 1899. — arriv_
7:00 a Rmii-ift, Suiauii ami Sacrameuto. . . : 5: 45 p
7:OOa Marysvilie, OrOTlllaaiid Redding via
Woodland .*>:4.">p
7:00 a Elmira, Vacatilleand Ramsey . .*. B:4."ip
7:Mi Martinez, Hau Itaraou, Vailejo. Xapa,
( '.in tot ami Sau ta liusn 0: 1 !i p
8:<»«*. Atlautii* I'.ipr.-.i. I>g len and Kast.. 8:-*"*»
KtStfAflbui .lose, UTermore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Flactrrille,
M:iryB»ille, I'liico, lied Illnff 4»1.*1F
SiSOa •Milton, Oakdale and Sonora 4:1.(i.
9:00 a Haywards. Nilea and Way Station*. 11:43 a
9:00 a. Martinez, Tracy, l.athrop, Stockton,
" Merced and Fresno 12:1 .""•■»
9iO«»a Fresno, B_kcraileld, Santa lt.irl>ara
Los Angeles, Deming, £1 Paso,
Now Orleans and Bast 0:4""
IO:OOa Vailejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:4." ip
li:Oi>\ Hay-wards, Kiles and Way Stations. 2:43p
I2:OOm Hues, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, ll_nford, Visalia,
Porterrille 4:l"»p
*l:WOr Sacramento I liver Steamers "S:oop
3:O0p Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. a:4s p
•:OOp Martiuez. Sun Ramon, Vailejo,
Napa, Calistoga, Santa Rosa 0:I5a
«i»«p Benicia, Vacaville, Sacramento,
Woodland, Kulghta Lauding,
Marysvilie, Oroviile IO: l*i a
4:SOpNiles, San Joee and Stockton 7:l">p
-S::;0i* Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:l.*>p
s:*>op Stockton, Merced, Fresuo 12:15p
s:©Op Martinez, Tracy, Men. lota, Fresno,
Mi iav.) and Los Angeles 8:43 a .
A:OOp Santa Fo Route, Atlautle Kxpresa
for Mojare and Hast 6:43p
«:Ooe The < »" i. Fresno, Bakersfield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 8: 1 *" v
6:o<»i* European Mall, Ogdefi and I"ast..._ 9:43 a
o:o<>p Haywards, Nilea and San Jose 7: Ii a
•6:00 - Vailejo 1 2: 1 "ip
7.*'»» - Oregon Kxpress, Sacra* to, Marys-
vilie. Redding, Portland, I\iget
: Sound ami Fast 7:43 a
J8:OOp Valiejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions tlO-^O*-
COAST DIVISION (Narrow flange);
(Foot of Market Street.) -'
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JB:o3p
- 8:13 a Newark, Centerville, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Oruz and Way
Stations 5:30p
•2:13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Frincipal Way
Stations »10:3« A
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:2©A
64: 13p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tiotiß /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS FRANCISCO— root ef Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7.16 f.-OO 11:00 A.M. ,1:00 *2:00 13:00
**:00 15:00 •6:331*.-.
fromOSILIND— Foot orßroadwev.— *fi:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 '1:00 12:C0 *3:C3 11:03 *5:B3l-.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (iauge).
' (Thlrd-indTownaendSt-.)
•6: 1 Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco. . *6:30p
•7:OOa San Jose nod Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30p
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations i :33p
»:OOa San Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilio Grove, Paso Bobles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
IO:40a San .Jose and Way Stations.. % •8:00 a
1 1:30 a San Jose and Way Stations 5:30p
*2:43pSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Sau.Tose,
Gilroy, Holliater, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey aud PaciQo
Grove *lO:3ffA
•Iti3op San Jose and Way Stations *9:00 a
•4:1 3p San Joseaud Principal Way Stations 9:13 A
•5:00p San Joseaud Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
5:30p San.Tose and Principal Way Stations 'S::}.!*.
C:3oi> San Jose aud WayStatious 7:30p
fll:l5p San Jose and Way Stations " 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted, t Sunday only. -1 Saturday only.
bSaturday and Sunday / Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO,
T i*Fr!! c: iljS*'TT!TTl
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIQ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot ox Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. my 12:3*
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trig
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m. ,
BUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. *_.; 1:30, 3:3<L
6:00, 6:20 p. m. .-, -
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
(WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 8:20, 11:10 a. m. ; _*:4ii
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays trips a]|
1:66 and 6:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 6:OGj
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Par)!
Mine schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In < Effect San Francisco. 1
. April 16, . __J
Week Sun- U-H9. Bun- "Week
Daya. days. Destination. days. Daya. |
'7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ana
8:30 pm 9:30 .am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 ana
i:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pia
Fulton, j
7:30 am Windsor, 10:26 axfl
■Healdsburg,
Lytton, ...
Geyserville,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, | 7:25 pm 6:20 pi^
7:80 am Hopland and 10:25 axa
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pal
1:30 nml 1 10:25 aia
8:00 am GuerneviUe. 7:35 pm "
1:30 pml 6:20 p_-j
7:80 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ana
1 i and I
8:10 pm] 5:00 pm ' Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 6:20 pna*|
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 arc*-
-1:30 pm 5:00 pm! , I 7:35 pm 6:20 pn*|
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprlngs and "White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagg-g
Bprlngs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs-
KelseyvtlVe. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake«j
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichjt
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laure|
bell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Huliviile^
Booneville, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs^
"Navarro, "Whitesboro. Albion. Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Wlllitts, Laytonvllle, Cum*
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dy«v :
Bcotla and Eureka, J
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets M
reduced rates. y. "..'•'
On Sundays round trip tickets to all polntd
fteyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 850 Market St.. Chronicle -l-ft
%X. C. "WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
JlMQ«rsl Maj___er. Geo. Pass. Agentj
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28. 1899, trains will run as follows*
South-bound. North-bound.
[ __ ' . <
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Da,ily. Exc'ptd Kxc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 an". Stockton 3:4" pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:03 pm Merced 12:40 pm! 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 ami 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bak»rsfield 2:00 am. 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:."." pm Tulare 5:50 am 1 , 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection.
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
street. San Francisco.
Weekly Call, sl.oo per Year
910
FIVE THOUSAND
DELEGATES TO
BE ENTERTAINED
Young Christians to
Own Oakland.
STATE CONVENTION NEAR
— ♦ —
"FATHER" CLARK HAS LEFT FOR
THE COAST.
a
For Three Days of Next Week Chris
tian Endeavorers of California
Will Gather at the
Tabernacle.
~*~
Oakland Office San Fraucisco Call,
908 Broadway. May 10.
Five thousand delegates will arrive In
this city next week to take part in the
great State Christian Kndeavor Conven-
COUNTy UNION ..
tion. Advices given out by the officers
warn Oaklanders to prepare for the
largest Slate convention of the society
ln its history. Word was received to-day
that "Father" Clark, the president of the
I'nited Society of Christian Endeavorers
and founder of the movement, has al
ready left the East to attend the conven
tion, which will be held the last three
days of next week in the exposition build
ing.
E. C. Lyon, chairman of the reception
committee and president of the county
union, has organized a whit.- cap brigade
to go up the road and meet Dr. Clark.
A letter receded from Dr. Clark to-day
by Chairman Webster of the entertain
ment committee Bays: "I am looking for-
Avard with great pleasure to my visit to
Oakland. I am sorry to say that Mrs.
Clark does not go with me, and there will
be no one else In my party. 1 will tele
graph you when I get rvear to California
the hour of mv arrival."
Chairman A. B. AVastell of the decora
tion committee has completed bis plans
for the decoration of the principal streets
of the city. The railroad depots are to
be covered with the colors of the organ
ization, purple and gold. The old exposi
tion building, which has been enlarged on
the east end to hold the WO chorus sing
ers, is to be brightly de, orated and illu
minated with electric lights. The great
concert, which is always a feature of
these conventions, will be held next
Tuesday evening, when A. M. Benham
will lead.
The transportation committee and the
entertainment committee are daily receiv
ing information showing that special par
ties are coming from every portion of the
State. Many churches are arranging for
special cars "and as there is a prospect of
pplendid weather Oakland will be given
over to the people of purple and gold
next week. * •
The finance committee is receiving
hearty support and up to date the fol
lowing sums were reported:
Board of Supervlsore" $220; Realty Syndicate
nml Oakland Transit Company, $-50; Oakland
Railroad Company. $50; Oakland, San Lean
dro and Havwards Railroad, | 0; L. ''•' Burpee,
$25; D. Edw. Collins. $25; M. J. Keller, 125;
Taft ie Pennoyer. $25; James P. Taylor, $15;
Arthur AY. Feidler. S5; James B Barber. $5; J.
Cal Ewing, ■'. It R. Mehrmann, $5; James O.
yulnn. $5; Henry P. Lalton. $5; T. O. Craw
ford, ?5: John J. Allen. $5: AA'. 8. Harlow, $5;
George S. Nusbaumer. $5; A. K. Grim, 55; John
Mitchell; $5: total. "7".5.
A "feature of the convention will be a
meeting of tho Christian Endeavor
Juniors. In Alaineda County alone there
iare 1200 members In the forty-six junior
societies. A junior chorus consisting of
150 boys and girls lias been trained under
the leadership of Miss Huggins. The jun
iors will have a demonstration at the
First Presbyterian Church on Saturday
afternoon, May 20. . -..; a rally at. the
same place the following Sunday after
noon, ln junior work California ranks
fourth in the i'nited States, which, con
sidering her population, is a splendid
record.
DINGEE FEARS THAT
HIS LIFE IS IN DANGER
HE WILL GO TO EUROPE FOR A
CURE.
Oakland Otlice Ban Fraucisco Call. ,
WS Broadway, May 10.
According to affidavits llled ln the Su- j
perior Court late this afternoon in the
fuit of Jane K. gather against William i
J. Dingee, the latter • man in fear that i
the immediate trial of -the suit would I
endanger his life.
The now famous suit was filed several
month ago and. is brought to recover I
1113.000 which Mrs Bather alleges has i
been misappropriated by Dingee while he I
acted as her agent and banker for about
eight years and up to June 14, 18&?. Din- j
gee recently filed an answer, setting forth
as exhibits two receipts signed by Mrs.
Bather, wherein she declared that Dingee
owed her nothing further and that all
Ids accounts were correct. Tho issues'
being joined, the trial was set for June fi
In Judge Greene's department.
I. ate to-day, however, defendant's at- I
torneys filed notice that on .May 15 they !
will move for a continuance of the trial
until some time later than June 6, on the
around of defendant's serious illness. |
The notice is accompanied by Mr. Din- 1
gee's affidavit, in which he alleges: "That !
the trial will consume at least twenty- I
six court days, as it i overs matters and j
accounts extending over a period of "ten
years; that nearly all the matters I
fr.-'. forth to which defendant will testify
nre alone known to him, and be cannot !
prove the same by any other witnesses; |
that plaintiff and her witnesses will In
nil probability testify to many things
which defendant alone can deny or ex
plain. « * •
"And that accordingly the mental strain
to be endured and nervous effort neces
sarily required will in all probability
prove so great as to endanger the life of
defendant, and nt least in all probability
destroy bis future usefulness and perma
nently Impair his mental as well as his
physical faculties."
Mr. Dingee'-- affidavit further sets forth
that his present sad condition was
brought about through work of magni
tude during past years, and that he has
made all his arrangements to take, a A-a
caiion to the Eastern States, the Journey
to be extended by a voyage to Europe
"for the purpose of curing himself by
rest and change of climate and surround- I
ings of his present ailment, and that he
may return about November 1."
Together with these documents is filed
an affidavit of Mr. Dlngee's physician. ;
Dr. E. 11. Woolsey. averring that the trial '
of the suit would greatly exaggerate the
nervous disease and Insomnia from which
Mr. Dingee is now Buffering. |
_!«>■ ' fli ammli MMiW HT-M ■■rf.-rii -, - -_«_H___Bn_nßM
HEW FIELDS OF
GOLD OPENED
IN THE NORTH
Said to Be Richer
Than Klondike.
— ♦— —
DIGGINGS EASY OF ACCESS
— ♦- —
ARE NEAR CAPE NOME, 120
— MILES FROM ST. MICHAEL. ~
-1
+
Rush Similar to That Which Marked
the Opening of Klondike Is Ex
—Large Returns
From Claims.
a
From the frozen north comes a tale of
new discoveries of gold fields which cast
in the shade all the stories told of the
fabulous wealth of the Klondike. The
strike which has excited so much ex
citement in the northwest is on Snake
River and its various tributaries. It is
about twenty miles from Cape Nome and
one hundred and twenty miles north of St.
Michael. It is Just outside the United
States military reservation near St.
Michael. The ground 13 all American ter
ritory' and Is comparatively easy of ac
cess, being on the coast.
The miners already on the ground are
using ordinary packing cases and cracker
boxes for rockers and with these crude
fc.WEBSTER
CHAIRMAN
EMTERTA.if-rIENT
COMMITTEE.
Q-*-f> -a- -a- ■$>-+-<$ -a- ■s> -a- <*> -a~s>-a-Q
Implements work out $200 a day. There |
are stories of claims that run to even $1003
a day. Bedrock la down only six feet and
the ground pays from the first scratch
made in its surface. The people of St.
Michael are in a frenzy over the new
diggings. Corporations were formed as
soon as reports of the discoveries were
received. Employes of the Alaska Com
mercial Company at once sent two men
out of the snowbound region to order
supplies and lumber necessary for work
ing the claims they have taken.
in October of last year the miners of
Snake River organized the new mining
alstrict. The name chosen was Cape
Nome mining district. The outlines of the !
new gold fields were fixed as follows: Ex
tending from Cape Nome in a northwest- i
erly direction along the coast for twenty- !
ive miles and extending twenty-five miles |
inland, making a district twenty-five miles i
square. It was decided that placer!
claims shall be located 1320 feet by 660
feet. Claims may be located by power of
attorney, but this power of attorney
must be recorded prior to the location no- i
tices. All claims must be recorded with
in forty days after the notice is posted i
It was decided that water used for mm- i
ing or otherwise taken from the natural
watercourse must be turned back into
the natural watercourse at the lower end I
-1 each claim. Dr. A. N. Kittlesen was
sleeted District Recorder for the term of
two years, his fees to be $2 50 for record
ing any kind of a document.
Officials of the Alaska Commercial Com
pany, although somewhat conservative in I
their estimate of the value of the new
diggings, admit that another rich district
has been opened. Their representatives !
send them reports of the strike, and they I
believe another such rush as that which
parked the stampede to Dawson City will i
be seen next spring. They do not know I
the extent of the rich deposits as the |
list riot has not been thoroughly gone over
by any one. That their employes have
faith in the strike they believe ls evi
denced by the fact that they sent out i
two representatives with authority to I
turn all the money due them from the
company Into supplies and lumber. The
two messengers who came to the outer
world from their comrades are John
I^ackstrom and F. AY. Randelln. They'
came out over the Ice fields through the i
KuskokWim country, thence to Katmai !
and across to the island of Kadlak. From 1
there they embarked on the regular !
steamer, arriving here on Monday. They
anticipate a big rush when the Ice break" !
permitting vessels to touch at Cape Nome'
The new district will be comparatively j
easy of access as soon as the Ice breaks i
next month. Vessels of any draught can !
reach a point off the coast, though the ''
bluffs are said to be sheer and the anchor- j
age ground a dangerous one. Small stern
wheel steamers can navigate the Snake
River, along which the new diggings are
located, thus solving the question of
transportation, which has been so serious
a one to the people at Dawson City.
The new diggings are said to be "part of >
a strongly defined belt whloh Includes
the Klondike country, the Forty Mile
Circle City mines, the Koyukuk ' strikes :
and thence on rhrough this Snake River
region into Siberia.
According to advices received here, men !
from the surrounding country have been '
flocking to the new district since early in j
December. The big rush from the outside I
world Is expected as soon as the naviga- i
tion will permit. There is a great scar- !
city of wood for fuel and other purposes,
the only available wood being that which ;
drifts ashore. Men are already sawing
this against the time when the demand
for il will be so great as to make it com- i
mand a fancy price. It Is expected a !
camp of 8000 people will be on the ground j
before many months. All the ground in '
the vreinlty of the point of discovery has ,
been staked, Including the land on the
creeks emptying Into the Snake River on i
the east side.
Cape Nome Is the extreme southern '•
point of the peninsula which extends to
Cape Prince of AVales, which is the east- |
crn point of Bering Strait in the north I
and Norton Sound on the south. The j
ships and steamers make Cape Nome and !
then stand in to St. Michael to avoid the
shoal water caused by the discharge of •
debris from the Yukon River. The coun- -
try about here has not been prospected,
the efforts of the miners being for many
years directed to inland points and along
the Yukon River.* The present strikes will j
result in a thorough prospecting of the
coast region and Inland from the shore I
line on all sides of Norton Sound.*
= =
Bunkoed by a Strang-er.
Joseph Meyers, who rooms at the AVin-
Chester House on Third street, met a man i
Tuesday afternoon who represented that
he was a sailor on the battleship lowa.
They became quite friendly and after i
drinking together all afternoon and night
Meyers took the sailor to his room. The
sailor left at 5 o'clock yesterday morning
taking with him $45 and a gold locket j
which he found in Meyers' pockets. Mey- I
ers reported the matter to the police yes- I
terday, J
THE SAM T CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 11, 1899.
LEAGUE TEAMS
MAKE SEVERAL
GOOD CHANGES
♦
Kid Peeples Goes to
Oakland.
— — —
EGAN ORDERED TO SAN JOSE
— —
'■■■ : v [: y : y
DOC HENNESSY TO AGAIN CAP
TAIN THE SENATORS.
♦
Locals About the Only Nine That Are
Satisfied With the Situation.
Some Hot Games
Promised.
♦ •
Last week's series resulted In another
j general shake-up in the positions of the
| California League teams. By capturing
| three straight from San Jose, assisted by
Watsonvllle's double defeat of Santa Cruz,
! San Francisco assumed the proud position
'. of leader ln the race for the champion
> ship. Watsonvilie crowded into second
| place, while the Lobsters dropped back
] Into third position. Oakland now leads
! San Jose by a narrow margin for fourth ■
i place, while Sacramento ls still at the tail !
end of the procession. The positions and j
percentages of the teams are as follows:
CLUBS.
Francisco.,
onville ....
i Cruz
md
Jose
imento ....
Ast
Vs| < I 71 'M
- c v y
lie!
5e g :
•?T : I
o:: . j
? . : : I
....... a 0 i"
... 2 ... 3 0
... 0 1 ... i
... 10 0...
...1202
...1021
...5 5 5| 7
is? '£■ *. 2 ] s?
3-1 lI IU
Mil • I
: Ip ; : .»
LH
8 \ 3 S I 14 .648
2I 0 7 12 .583
0 2 C 11 .646
2 | 3 6 13 .461
... 0 5 12|.416
0 ... 4 12, .333
TT-rr
San Francisco....
Watsonville
Santa Cruz
Oakland
Han Jose
Saoramento
l
0
3
0
0
2
1
0
i
i
Lost
I ' 1 » I ..........
Some royal baseball battles are prom
! ised for this week. Manager Harris will
take his men to Santa Cruz for the first
meeting with the Lobsters this season.
The two games on Saturday and Sunday
will have an important bearing on the
position of the local team. A number of
fanatics have signified their intention of
accompanying the team to the sea beach.
WatsonA'ille will come here for a series
of three games with Oakland— two at
Recreation Park and a Sunday morning
contest at Golden Gate. AVatsonville has
struck its gait at last, having won the
series last week with Santa Cruz, and Is
now playing as fast ball as any in the
league. Manager Ewing of Oakland,
however, is not at till alarmed; on the
contrary, he is looking forward to the
conflict with great equanimity and avows
his determination to show the hayseeds
a trick or two in the game. With both
teams putting up the warmest kind of
ball some great sport is In store, -for the
lovers of the game here and across the
bay.
At San Jose the Senators will battle
with the prune pickers for target honors
such as they are. Sacramento has been
materially strengthened by the acquisi
tion of Harvey and Egan, and are now in
condition to go up against the best of
them with an even chance of winning.
Oakland has plugged up its only weak
spot by securing Kid Peeples of Sacra
mento. Peeples, who can play any in
field position with equal facility, will be
placed at second, which means the re
lease of Dee Hammond, a promising colt,
but not seasoned enough for his present
company. Manager Kripps wanted to
move Peeples from third to the outfield
and the Kid very properly refused to
make the change, as he Is one of the best
Inflelders In the league. He asked for
his release and It was given him.
Manager Kripps announces that he has
signed a new Innelder, but refuses to dis
close his name at present. He says, how
ever, that the new man will play lirst,
and that he Is a star in the position. It
ls rumored that the phenomenon Is none
other than Doc Hennessy, who organized
the Sacramento team two years ago and
made It the best in the State. Hennessy,
lt is said, will captain the Senators. If
rumor is correct in this instance the Sen
ators will soon be climbing up toward the
top of the heap.
An immense crowd attended the game
at Watsonvilie last Sunday, the largest
that ever witnessed a ball game In thai
town. For the first time* In any, interior
town in the State, it was necessary to
adopt ground rules, so great was the
crowd around third base and in right
field. This speaks well for the game and
the quality of ball played by the league
teams.
Arrelanes was seriously hurt last Sun
day Selna collided with him at second,
dislocating his shoulder-blade. This
means a serious loss to Santa Cruz, for
it la likely that Arrelanes will not be able
to play ball again this season.
The locals forced their way into first
position solely through almost faultless
fielding and terrific hitting. In the three
games last week the* team made a total
of thirty-four hits, including three home
runs, and are charged with only flve er
rors.
Harris is more than pleased with the
work of his outfield. He is positive there
Is not another trio in the league who can
compare with them.
It looks as though Graham, the Santa
Clara College professor, will play with
San Jose Instead of Watsonvilie. In fact
he is billed to play flrst with the prune
pickers this week.
Cahill will umpire this week's series
between Oakland and Watsonvilie.
"White Wings" has already become a fa
vorite by his impartial decisions and bids
fair to occupy the place in the esteem
of the fanatics that Jack Sheridan for
merly held.
President Moran has decided the Egan
case in favor of San Jose, and Truck has
been ordered to report to Borchers not
later than Friday. With Graham and
Egan San Jose will have a strong Infield.
Moreover, ODea has begun practice and
will be ready to go into the game next
week. The infield will then, in all prob
ability, consist of Graham, first; Ander
son, second; O'Dea. short, and Egan or
Hanlon third, the other going into right
field ln place of Foley. Can anybody fig
ure out a much stronger team?
Shea has been released by Oakland, not
having shown the necessary qualifica
tions for a California league pitcher.
Manager Ewing also has several other
changes under way.
With the signing of Harvey and Rus
sell the league is well provided with south
side pitchers. Donlin is one of that kind.
When Sacramento opened up on the
Oaklands last Sunday the crowd fairly
went crazy. Hitting Is what the cranks
revel In, and it was the first time this
season that the Sacramentans had been
given a taste of their faA-orlte dish. ,,
Hardin still leads the league in bat
ting, with Billy Hammond second and
Pace a close third. Josh Riley is going
to give them a run for the honor, though.
Russell went into last Sunday's game
when he ought to have been in bed. The
Senators fairly slaughtered him, and
Shea, who relieved him, fared no better.
The locals boast that not a team has
scored more than four runs in any game
from them this season. Pretty close ball,
that!
In Anderson San Jose has the fastest
second baseman in the league. One of the
big league teams wlll be reaching out for
the "Terrible Swede" before many sea
sons.
Such slugging as that was at Oakland
Sunday morning— four home runs and a
triple In one game— ls remarkable. The
left field fence, over which the homers
sailed, ls 225 feet from the plate.
Watsonvilie is panting for another go
at Hank's men. Now that the "hoodoo"
is shattered they say nothing in the
league can stop them.
Tip O'Neil may not be the best inflelder
in the league, but he is far and away the
best field captain. Tip knows every point
In the game and is quick to take advan
tage of every* situation. To him alone
Is due the credit for the magnificent team
work that now marks the playing of the
Friscos. The players have every confi
dence In him, and the greatest harmony
prevails in the team.
Santa Cruz will play Frisco at Recrea
tion Park on May 27 and 28. Watch out
for some good games.
It is not all glo|>m at the quarantine
station at Angel .Inland, as is shown by
a ball game played last Monday between
teams from the crew of the transport
Sherman. The teams styled themselves
the "Smallpox" and tfe_ "Varioloids,"
the former winning by a score of 14 to 8.
Captain C. 11. Grant umpired the game.
SEIZED STRIPED BASS.
Game Warden Fallon Confiscates a
Quantity of the Game Fish That
Was Under Legal Weight.
Fish and Game Warden James J. Fal
lon seized 500 pounds of striped bass yes
terday and confiscated it. The fish was
all under the size allowed by law, hence
the action of the alert official.
Three hundred pounds were consigned
to Paladinl & Co., and the remainder to
the American Fish Company. As It was
all in prime- condition a number of chari
table institutions will profit by the
seizure. Mr. Fallon sent a box to the
Almshouse, another to the Youths Di
rectory and a third to Mount St. Joseph a
Orphan Asylum.
The fish was sent by express from near
Sobrante station.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 10-r-Stmr 1.-ih**,
from Bremen via Southampton.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third etreeta, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
287 Hayes" street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 clock.
615 Larkin 6treet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
mi Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. - ■? "y y~ ; y
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets;, open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MlsFmN~Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— _»
Srecia! meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _*%_
EVENING. Mission Mason ■**• Temple, _*\J\
26CS Mission st M. M. degree. By/"r*
order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. J_
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _/\_
EVENING. May 11, at 7:30 o'clock. %JK
Second degree. By order of the lbs' 1
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. m
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS EVEN- -JV_
INC. at 7:30 o'clock tor first degree. By A&2£
order of the Master. /V'
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.. ■
Masonic Temple— Called meeting THIS _#%_
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 iKJf
o'clock. First degree. By order of the' ▼ '
Master. J. R. I. smith. Secretary.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15, I.
O. O. F. — Officers and members, SggjjjJK?^
you are hereby notified to assem- ""s£xflß>K^'
ble in Memorial Hall FRIDAY, -"wii'v**"
at 1 p. m., for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother JOHN WIL-
LIAMS. .lAS BOYES, N. G.
JOHN SCHLOEN, Secretary.
THE S. F. ' Scottish Thistle Club v _* ■_
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- a. ftiX_
ING, Fraternity Hall, 32 O'Farrell' >_>3_Zf
St., at 8 o'clock.
JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. I'ATERSoN, Recorder.
ANNUAL Meeting— regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt Water
Company will lie held at 327 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY", the 22d day of
May. 1899, at the hour of 3 p. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a Board- of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day. May 12, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office, "27 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY' that a meeting of th» stockholders
of said Company has been called by said j
. Board, to be held on FRIDAY", the second day
I of June. A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the oflfce of said Company.
number 327 Market st.. In the City and County
of San Francisco, state of California; that
the object of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
flve hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000), in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the Construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
 use in the business of this corporation, and
""lo purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Foard of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
' ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up*
i painting done. H. tman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city rr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO its Mfritr.nn*""-- et. room** "--in- tel S3 JO. ,
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
! DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 67 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Su-
gar Plantation Company will be payable at
the offlce of the company, 327 Market st on
and after SATURDAY, May 20, 1899 Trans-
fer books will close on SATURDAY, May 13
1899, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.'
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chl-
nese. 42« Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: tel. Main * -.'7 Bradley &■ Co.. 6!0 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS second girl desires sftuation;
best re' ; city or country. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girls desires situation as
nurse or housework; $10 to $15; ref. MISS
1,1.x. 326 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian cook and laundress
desires situation; best ref.; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl: light housework; 2 In fam-
ily; $12 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child desires situation cook-
ing and housework: wages no object; ref.;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress and cham-
bermaid desires situation; 2 years last place;
city or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter.
NEAT competent Irish girl desires situation:
good cook and houseworker; 3 years last
place; city or country- MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. -;• ,-yy;
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau, number of first-class girls await situa-
tions, MRS. NORTON. 213 Sutter st.
Young German woman wishes work by the
day; best references. MRS. NORTON. 313 '
Sutter st. ■"■"?-.•'
FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girl, 3' : years
last place; good seamstress. MRS. NORTON,
313 Slitter St.
YOUNG Swiss girl wishes housework where
she can have opportunity to learn cooking.
MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell; tel. Main 5332.
PARLOR maid and waitress with 3 years' ref-
erence wants situation. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 810 Sutter st.
STRONG American woman wants to go out by
the day to do general housework; good and I
willing worker; $1 a day and car fare. 276
Jessie St., near Fourth, first floor, room 1.
TWO hard-working girls would like to go to
Alaska as cook and waitress: not afraid of
climate or work. Box 358. Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
men's by the day. 209 Eddy st.
BY little girl, a good home In exchange for
light services; city or country., Fox 712, Call.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes to do cham-
| berwork and wait at table. Address 227 Minna.
GIRL 15 years old wishes a place to assist in
light housework or take care of a child. Ad-
I dress box 820, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like to
get a good, respectable place as working
housekeeper; thoroughly experienced in hotel
and boarding house cooking. Address 418%
Natoma st., between Fifth nnd Sixth.
WIDOW with young children to support wishes
washing by the day or work to take home; $1
per day and car Dare. 74% Natonia st.
NEAT Swedish girl wishes situation for cook-
ing and 'downstairs work. Coll at 767 Castro
st., near Tweniy-first.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing and
housecleaning; $1 a day and car fare. Box
357. Call office. -■
GERMAN girl wishes place to do cooking and
housework ln a small American family;
_ wages, $20. Address box 364, Call offlce.
Woman wishes a position to do general house-
work; wages $20. 9 Walter St., near 13th.
WANTED— By a lady of business ability, fluent
talker, pleasing appearance, position as trav-
eling saleslady. Address box 831, Call office.
-"- * ._-_.__ __. JL l, IUI/</ (
SITUATIONS AVANTED— Contlnned.
LADY teacher desires a position of trust. Box
9, Call offlce.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. : tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st. ; lei Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414*. O'Farrell st.: tel. East 424.
BLACKSMITH and shoe-r wants a position 'ln
good country sho*: is good all-round and sober
'man; used to country; I have lots of experi-
ence in general biacksmithing and horseshoe-
ing and can show the b*»st of recommendation.
Address E. K. SCHWEIZER. 72-1 Mission,S.F.
PAINTER with staging will work cheap for
property owner; day or contract. Call or
address Painter, 536 Ivy aye., near Laguna
and Hayes sts.
WANTED— Work by steady young man. of any-
kind, or would like to work in factory or
wholesale house; has good references. Box
162. Call office.
AMERICAN wishes situation in private fam-
ily as coachman or second man in stable;
good reference. Box 361, Call."
SITUATION by young man to take care of
horses, cows, garden; good driver; handy
with tools: good references. Box 349, Call.
GARDENER, understands vegetables and
flowers, care of cows and horses, a good
chicken man, wants work of any kind; ref-
erence. Box 847, Call offlce.
WANTED— Situation either as coachman,
groom, hostler or man about place; thor-
oughly understands care horses, carriages,
garden, milking; good driver. Box 821. Call.
WANTED— PIace as cook for lunch counter or
saloon or oyster opener and cook for oyster
house. 514 Central aye.
PAINTER will take work by the day or con-
tract; cheap. Address PAINTER, 22S Ful-
ton st.
GENTLEMANLY young Swedish masseur de-
sires engagements. A. G., box 346, Call office.
BOY of 18 wants work around store or fac-
tory: references. 743 Vailejo it.
WANTED— Position as watchman, janitor or
any position of trust by strictly reliable,
temperate man; best references. Box 350, Call.
WILL give $50 to any one getting me a posi-
tion; oiler or electrician; transpacific or coast
steamer; gilt-edge references. Box 832, Call.
POSITION wanted with thoroughbred horses;
strictly sober; good hand and rider. Box 156,
Call office.
YOUTH, 18 years, would like to learn the
machinist trade. Address 2242 Howard St.,
corner Nineteenth.
FIRST-CLASS young massageur wants posi-
tion at springs. Address box 133, Call office.
STATIONARY Engineer, age 34, wants posi-
tion: can do all repairing; has knowledge of
electricity; temperate habits; good referen-
ences; moderate salary: interview solicited.
J. B. H. 4334 Twenty-fifth st.
RELIABLE man wants work as night-watch-
man or janitor; good reference. Address 1206
Powell st.
BAKER foreman, first-class on bread and
cakes, steady and reliable, wants work as
such; references' given. Address M. G., box
4841, Call offlce, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by trustworthy, temperate
man to take care of horses, cow, garden,
lawns; very handy; good references; city or
country. Box 426, Call offlce.
YOUNG man, 25 years old, will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendations; $100©
bond given; city or country. Address 7238,
Call offlce.
HELP AVANTED— FEMALE.
AMERICAN girl, upstairs work and sew and
care of 1 child 6 years old. $20 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
yOUNG girl to assist and mind baby. $8 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework, Ala-
meda. $15 per month. .MISS CULLEN, 32"
Butter st.
3 WAITRESSES; $30, $2.*. and $20 per month:
waitress and parlormaid, $2.'.; French second
girl, $2.". per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. ggpas
WORKING housekeeper, $1" per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress! Oakland, private fam-
ily. $25 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS waitress, private family, $30.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light second work. $10. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 utter st.
NURSEGIRL $15 per month. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
"I". R. HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT 185"
10 waitresses for "different springs and re-
sorts. $20; waitress, springs, see party here
at 1 o'clock; 8 waitresses, different country
hotels, $20 and $25; waitress, mountain town.
$22 50: 3 waitresses, city, $20: 2 chambermaids
to wait. $20; plain laundress, country hotel,
$20; cook, country hotel, $30; fancy ironer,
country, $10 week
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and housegirl. $25: housegirl for Brent-
wood, $20; Martinez. $20: San Rafael, $15:
Antloch, $20, and 30 young competent girl?
for cooking and housework. $15 to $25; young
nursegirl, easy place, $8. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG girl to work In delicacy store, $4 a
week to begin, C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ,*.
WANTED early this morning, see lady here,
2 waitresses, country hotels. $20; laundress,
family work, $25; German cook. $30, no wash;
neat girl cook, some housework, 3 in family,
San Rafael, $25; Belvedere, $20: 2 for Ala-
no da, $20 and $25: North German nurse. $25,
and many housework girls for city. $15, $20
and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
31 £ Sutter st
GERMAN second girl. $25; 2 cooks. $25 each: 6
houseglrls, $25 and $20. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
YOUNG- woman as waitress for a mining town,
fare paid, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COLORED girl as waitress, $20: nursegirl, $10;
young girl to assist, $12; middle-aged woman,
country, $20. fare paid. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter St. -'y
26 JTOUNG cooks and housework girls; also
nurses and to assist. MRS. LAMBERT, 418
I'owell st.
LADIES to embroider at home;- experience un-
necessary; distance to objection; send reply
envelope for free sample piece of work.
MANHATTAN EMB. CO., Beekman St., New
York.
GOOD strong woman for plain cooking in
country; wages $15 month; good home fur
right party. 339 Twelfth st., near Harrison.
WANTED- Experienced skirt makers to work
in factory and home. Apply at 513 Market
st., second floor.
FINISHER on custom coats and make but-
ton-holes ; v «ood Tjages. 140 Russ st. -
GIRL for chamberwork and wait at table. 824
O'Farrell st.
GIRL as coat finisher. Apply at 620 Kearny
st., room 1. .; . -■- : ,'
AVANTED GirI or woman for light housework
and assist with baby. 404 Capp St., nr. 19th.
WANTED— Woman to attend a lady in confine-
ment: easy place; state terms. Box 345, Call.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework;
plain cooking. 2912 Clay st.
WANTED— Young girl to run errands and keep
dressmaking room tidy. 14 McAllister, rm. 60.
2 LADIES for light outside work. 469". Ninth
St., Oakland, room 2, 9 to 10 a. m.
*
GIRL to mind baby. 1761 Ellis st.
GOOD girl for light housework; wages $10.
2777 Twenty-fourth St.
WANTED— GirI to assist In general housework:
wages $12. j 916 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— GIass and towel washer; wages $5
per -week. 32 Kearny st.
NEAT girl general housework;*- small family;
light washing; references. 2040 Sutter st.
APPRENTICE at dressmaking; also sewer
1201 „ Hayes st.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged Scotch or English
woman as plain cook on a ranch: wages $15
per month: good home for the right party
Apply at 561 Thirty-eighth st., bet. Grove
st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
A\ ANTED— Hands on waists and skirts
FRANCES. 704 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED hand buttonhole makers and
finishers on shirts at GREENEBAUM AVI-T1
& MICH ELS, 531 Mission st. '
YOUNG' woman for general housework 410
Clayton St., near Golden Gate Park.
AA'ANTED— girl for general housework
1018 Sutter st. '
WANTED— lndependent - middle-aged German
woman for light housework and plain cook-
ing; good home; easy place. 105 Grove st.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; "trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work: satisfaction
guaranteed; terms easy. 506 Leavenworth st. ,
FIRST-CLASS restaurant outfit, complete, for
sale cheap. Call to-day at 854 Mission st.
PLEASANT Runny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable: moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. MM, Fremont aw
HELP WANTED— MALIC.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main s*l*
..Leading Employment and Labor At-nit*..
Want To-day From 7 •> nt
114 farm, orchard and vineyard hand* for dif-
ferent jobs," $26, $25 and $20 and found: I"-
-haymakers, different Jobs, $1 25 day; 3 labor-
ers, city manufacturing company, $150 dny
Man to pull weeds, fare 76c — $20 tnd found
5 boys to do chores on ranches, $- and! 810
and found; 5 choremen for ranches, etc.. $20
and $15 and found ■
MILKERS ...
23 milkers for different places, wages $30, $25.
$22 50 and $20 and found
3 men to milk 8 cows $13 and found
Man to drive bus and do labor work, $45
FRUIT PICKERS
15 more men or strong boys to pick fruit,
$20 and $15 and found
6 stablemen hostlers, $30, $25 and $20 and
found
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
29 laborers, $1 50 and $1 "■ day and $30 and
found
42 teamsters $26 and found and $17.". day
2 setters, steam blocks, sawmill, $52 and
found; butcher, small shop on ranch, $2o and
found; carpenter for a ranch .......'.'...
Cement finisher, near city J»M day
Man handy with tools, city .ob, $1 <•> day
Boy for a store, 15c fare $8 and found
156 laborers, teamsters, different country
Jobs, $2 and $1 75 day and $20 and $30 and
found per month- handy man with tools,
city, $2 50 day. MURRAY <_ READA, 634-
-636 Clay st.
FARE PAID TO-DAY, 8 A. M.
5 two and four-horse teamsters, $2 day.
■ MURRAY - & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
RAILROAD HELP ••••;
286 laborers, different Jobs, $2. $1 85 and $1 to
day; 324 teamsters, two and four horses. $2 and
11 75 day. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
SAWMILL HELP *•
Engineer, exceptionally good mill. »30 and
found; man for a mill pond, exceptionally
good mill, $40 and found; spool tender, ex-
ceptionally good mill, $30 and found: 6 la-
borers, exceptionally good mill. $26 and
found; 1^:. woodchi $2 50, $2 and $1 cord;
216 tlemakers Be, 9c, 10c and lie each. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
....BLACKSMITHS AND HORSESHOERS....
18 men for different shops and camps and
ranches, $.**. }_ 50 and $2 25 day, 640 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Et.
COOK and second cook. $60 and $40. country
hotel; 19 cooks, different jobs. $50, $40, $30 and
$25 and found; 3 second cooks, different jobs,
$40 and $30 and found; 9 dishwashers, here,
$15, $20 and $25 and found
BAKERS
3 second and 2 third hands, different jobs;
2 men to wait at table and make beds, $20
and found: C waiters, $25 and $20 and found,
different jobs: sheep foreman for ranch $35
and found. MURRAY* & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
JOS. BARBEAU, laundryman, please report;
polisher, country laundry $."."
Bell boy, $10 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
500 RAILROAD MEN WANTED.
Free fare Free fare Free fare
Teamsters, 2 and 4 horse, coast road *'-'
Laborers, coast road $175 and $2
Gravel screeners, coast road $175
Headers men, tunnel work, coast road
$2 25. $2 50
10 concrete mixers $2 day
Wheelbarrow men $2 day
All for the new coast railroad.
Ship every day; office fee $1
for above jobs and free fare.
Come ready to start; open 7 o'clock.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
_________________________
200 RAILROAD MEN FOR
, VALLEY AND MOUNTAIN ROAD.
Teamsters, laborers, tunnel m°n..il 75 to $2 50
100 farmers and harvest hands $20, $25, $30
10 milkers $25 and $30
10 blacksmiths $35, $40. $45, $60 and found
Foreman box factory, $2 75: machinist, $2 50
50 tlemakers, 13c; 4 timber fellers, $10
20 laborers, company work $2
25 laborers, city work
Cooks, waiters and dishwashers for hotels,
restaurants and camps. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— and wife, small dairy, $35; 6
more 4-horse teamsters for country, $2 day.
fare paid; 3 jobbing blacksmiths; 2 camp
blacksmiths; 5 milkers, $25 and $26; farmers,
$20 and $26; 2 timber fellers, $40; 2 choppers,
$80; lumber sorter, $26: lumber piler, $26;
stableman, $25; wagon painter, $40; 6 wood-
choppers, tools and provisions furnished, 75c
to $1 33 cord; butter and cheese maker for
Oregon, $35, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Englishman and wife to do cooking
and housework for managers of a large fruit
company; baker, country, $40; boarding-
waiters, $20; ranch cooks and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento eft.
WANTED
Blacksmith for shop, near city.. s4o and found
6 milkers .- $30
15 farmers $26
4 miners for good place $3 per day-
baker for country shop, good, stead} place,
$45 and, found; general utility man for in-
stitution, near city, must be handy with
tools, $25 lo $30 and found; woodsman and
lumber pliers for mill, near city, see boss
here, $26: cooks, waiters and others. AY. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
AVANTED — German for housework, etc., in
private family; $15 per month and found;
good place. AY. D. EAVER & CO.. 610 Clay.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton Footman,
$35; second butler. $40; waiter, mining camp,
$23; German cook, $65; cook, country, $35;
second cook, $50; 3 dishwashers, $15 to $30;
gardener, $25. and others.
AN English footman and second butler, $35
per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife, $55 per month, ranch. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WANTED— Competent German bookkeeper for
a large Institution of this city; salary $60 per
month, board and lodging; references re-
quired. .Box l"-7. Call office.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman with experience in
grocery business; give age, experience and
wages expected. Box 602, Call office.
TO tailors— Bushelman wanted. Apply to
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket st. '"-?\
WANTED— Boy about 16 with wheel to take or-
ders; state age and experience; write fully.
Ho.x 11. Call office.
AA'ANTED— Steady man satisfied with $15 a
week; permanent place; light business; must
have small capital. West. In. Co., 9 Geary.
AA'ANTED — Carpenters to work on the ark
Pennsylvania at' DAMON'S ship yard, foot
of Mason st. Call after 8 a. m.
I Iti: WORKERS wanted at the AVEST COAST
AVI RE AND IRON AVORKS, 16 Fremont st.
300 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
PANTS presser. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.,
corner Powell and Eddy sts.
ASSISTANT clothing wrapper. S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 71S Market st.
GOOD barber wanted at 153 Fourth st.
GOOD barber. 1207 Scott st.
WANTED— Experienced boy for bakery. Ap- l
ply 142 Eleventh st.
EXPERIENCED domestic; fancy and men's
furnishing salesman. Box 159, Call office.
2 GOOD waiters for restaurant. 112 Fourth st. *
call early.
YOUNG man as porter for restaurant. Call
early at 783 Market St., near Fourth.
MAN who understands taking care of horses
and driving baker wagon. 1923 Fillmore st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. PAUSON & CO. 200
Kearny st. yy y
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
FIRST-CLASS night cashier. 29 Stockton st.;
call at 10 a. m. - , '
AA'ANTED— Drug clerk; state experience, wages
etc. Address box 161, Call office. * '
2-CHAIR barber shop for sal-; no reasonable
offer refused. Apply 104 Seventh st. '
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can !
find steady work at good wages at the Tesia
coal mines, Alameda County, Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitch veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO., R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent,
MEN -Teamsters, shovelers and drill- i
men on railroad work, being built by Camp-
bell and Buck man, between Sonora and Sum-
merville, Tuolumne Co.; take boat to Stock-
ton, then train to Oakdale and Sonora: fare
$1, Oakdale to Sonora, will be refunded if .
men work one month. Apply at room 4, 302
Montgomery st. '
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35 i
years, who are citizens of the United States, \
or those who have legally aeclared their in- j
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
Inches and 6 feet 1 Inch in height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— short-order cook; single; must
understand baking also: references required.
C. AVALLSTAT. AA'adsworth. Nevada.
AVANTED-Boy 14 to 17 years old for peddling
fruit from $3 to $4 a week. A\ alt at 6.30 to
8 o'clock, 663 Natoma st.
AVANTED A German for cleaning and all-
around store work. Address 15 City Hall
square, opp. Eighth st.
150 MEN for cleanest houses In city*. "Central
House?" 871 Market, and "Branch House."
,861: lS^to SOc night: all dally papers.
FI I is 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo : rates. 25c to $1 per .night: re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
';.y _.. ■; - i
— ~_ — — • f
HELP WANTED— Continued. '
RAILROAD teamsters, $175 and $190 per day,
ut Pinole; tunnelmen, $175. $2 and $2 50 per
dny, nt Point Richmond; 3 blacksmiths at
Kltnhurst; I carriage painter tor Elmhurst.
X, B. STONE. Elmhurst. --1-- , *
MEN wanted— Our catalogue explains how we
leach the barber trade in 8 weeks; mailed v
free; write at once. MOLER'S Barber Col- 1
lege, 135 Clay St.
| CAPABLE man to represent us as general
ngent; $100 month and expenses. Address,
with referenres, TONTINE SAVINGS AND
INVESTMENT CO.. LTD.. Chicago.
MATTRESS-MAKERS wanted at United States
Laundry, Sixteenth st., above A'alencia.
YOUNG man who has worked In a carpet store.
2020 Mission st.
A 'ANTED— A boy, age 16 to 20. to learn grocery
■f. trade. J. PETERS. 600 Shotwell st.
Roy to do janitor work for his tuition at S. F.
_ Burlier College, 1381. Eighth st.
SEATTLE House. 10614 Third St.; 25c to 50c
day: $1 25 to $.' 50 week; light housekeeping
allowed.
BOY want «d at Navarro's restaurant. 720
Broadway; must speak Spanish.
WANTED- 20 men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c to
SOc. 562 Mission st between Ist and 2d sts.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
v a L -! nPW * from r " c to. $1 56: new shoes.
Slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 D. m.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House. 614 Howard, cor. New Montg.: single,
10c. 15c night: 6Qp. Mc week: reading room.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
- Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Pro«-essive Union; free employ-
mt. H. Bernard, sec.. I*4 7th: tel. Jessie USA,
WANTED— BaII, for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent. 504-505 Davis st. y ;' ■
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that F" Rolkin. Reno House -roprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large .
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $21 per week. 1
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, :5c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Xi -ny— Rooms from 260
to 50c: $1 to $3 per week.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863*4 Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter St.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— Our men make $3 to $7 a day selling
Handy Harness and Belt Riveter to every-
body; counties assigned. HANDY MACHINE
CO., 58 Third St.. San Francisco.
DRUMMERS wanting good side line will please
call at 955 Jefferson st.. Oakland. 2 to 5.
CARBIDE gas machines, $5; agents wanted
everywhere; big commissions. BUCKLAND
& SON. San Francisco.
AA'ANTED — Lady or gentleman well acquainted
who "can sell stock In a flrst-ciass mine; divi-
dends assured. Address 8.. box 340, Call.
EXPERIENCED agents; good pay; choice ter-
ritory; new thing on the coast: references
required Address box 152. Call office.
1
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted for business ln country and
city; good proposition: $200 to $300. Address J.,
box 109. San Mateo. Cal.
. — ~
ROOMS WANTED.
AVANTED— Furnished rooms; light housekeep-
ing; no children; close in. Box 260. Call.
WANTED — or 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping: moderate rent. M. 11.. box 180, Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED A chest of good second-hand ship
carpenter's tools. Box 164. Call office.
_ EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician:
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071". Market St.. S. F. ; examlna-
tion free; open evenings.
' 1
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what- 4
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no. instruments used: cure at offlce.
$3; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by non-
suiting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet-
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to i
p. m. Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, $5; no instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkin; offlce hours. 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
. well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
This well known ladies' physician will leave
for Europe May 25, in order to gain knowledge
which is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the beneflt of her many pat-
rons on her return ln August.
IMPORTANT— A progress in medical science *
for female troubles, from whatever caused,
which saves trouble and misery'; every woman
her own physician, always and at any time,
no matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores ln 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free. The well known, celebrated specialist
and ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 31S Kearney st.
ALL ladies C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men ana women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market st.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at offlce, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, .9 to 6 and 7
to 8 p. m.; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR. G W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure: consult htm flrst. save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023-. Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician In "tendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted into good
homes: call before consulting others.
DR. AA'ONG WOO. herb doctor*. Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran- « _
clsco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi- A
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties bein_ used: ' y
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and : to 9 p. m. .
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
ALL married ladles know *'Soguro." the great-
est loon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
st. : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MASSAGE given by Nurse ROGERS, 1520
Geary st. : female complaints treated; rheu-
matics given special attention.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. Hl*- Market St. — Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
1* pages, In wranoer. for mailing. $1 nor » '
■»«— — —————. —-—-__________________,
- CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works —
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr'
38 and 40 Eighth st.: telephone South 250.''*
WHEN ycu become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning. Co.. 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co "
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228*. lowest rates'.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944
J. E. 'MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74. _j
US. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned. 3c yd.; tel. Mint 348.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating AVorks. 333 Golds*
Gate aye.; tel. East 128. *-"««■'. BUSINESS CHANCES. :
A COAL and wood yard doing a splendid busi-
ness; 3 horces, 2 wagons; office, coal sheds,
barn, including lot 25x137; very best location; j
rarest chance. I'articulars K. G. AAILKL.j
and paying j
. saloon, including 17 furnislied rooma and 1
branch bakery; rent $34; lease;
ers years; a bargain. R. G. A\ L.K.) .sjo j
Market st. ' ■ ■ y
A-J1250*. SALOON, doing a splendid | Mar-
business: established for years: close *'•' r* 1 ; I ]*
ket and Fifth sts; a good bargain: Investigate
at once: no hotter location in the clt>. ■'
G. AA'ILKE. 906 Market st.
A-^wTaA T EiTI^TOCKED bar ln public l'l eas-
il re grounds; no night work: no fr.-e Wnen.
monthly receipts $600; rent $10: lease. laitl-
culars R. G. WILKE.
A-$22:0; CORNER grocery *^'j^^?S2S_
st.; established many years; dolnginm-^ias-'
1-a.ying business; living rooms, daily 1 eccil> is,
$30; large stock; lease: a genuine good chance.
It. G. AVII.KK. SC6 - M;I ;*iLLL..-__---— — — — • i
A-S2S3*i BRANCH bakery, w! * ! * ?£nk"* livlns
£f<£ms.£holcest iSeat'oniln the Mtaltm.Mrent
low. Inquire R-G.--.WILKE. rm. \ 90- Market:
$150— PARTNER in restaurant; steady man re-
qulr.V.. McI^VUGHLINg-:-CO.TE77.AMarket.-
-S7OO —LAUNDRY near the city; this is a good"
paying business and must be soldfon'i account
of departure for Europe. McLALGHLIN &
1200-SALOON. boarding and lodging house;
bargain: other business cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN i C 0... 777 Market st.
TO r seil I your 1 business promptly for cash apply
HEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Market st.
1210^-HOMEJstakery and lunch mora; make
jiffer. HEA I. V & 1 [IMMEL. 917 Market st
ANA* kind of property or business bought or
" iold" fair dealing assured: see our saloon, $75;
lodging house, -*.v»"; cigar ' .-"tore, $50<J. Room
209, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
jjng—OLD established beer bottling business;
complete: tirst-class trade; will cell half in-
terest for $300. JONES .fc CO.. 565 Market.
RESTAURANT; French range; extension ta-
bles: good trade; bargain; investigate. COAV-
S3S ESTABLJSHED wood, coal, hay, grain
and express business, with buildings and
lease: ground rent only $S; a most prominent
corner on Mission st.; a splendid opening for
one or two men; sale on account of death.
Apply to agent, P. A. DOLAN, 40 Montgom-
ery *-:.. room 7.
WANTED-Partner with small capital of $50
or $10*) ln saloon; account owner sickly: good
business; old established; near factory. Box
15S. Call office.
2 —- .
SALOON in country town, well located, with
stock and good tixtures. for sale very cheap;
must be sold before the 16th. )«ox 359. Call.
A BARGAIN -roomer grocery ston-: cause, sick-
ness; 2 living rooms; rent $10. 235 Eighth St.
PARTY to take interest in fully equipped
gravel mine; Investigate. Box 163, Call.
LOAN office; 15 years established; no time to
attend to It. Particulars at 231 Third st.
RARE chance: a No. 1 saloon, central!.' lo-
cated, for sale cheap. Inquire at Call offlce.
$300— p.-\ UOON: low rent; good place. Inquire
117 Battery St.'; wholesale house.
$1500 WILL purchase interest ln business that
we guarantee to pay $300 a month dividends;
pereona! interview for particulars. Box 522,
Call! office.
AA"ELL-FITTED up saloon and restaurant; long
established: good business: owner retiring;
!•",-.-•- : h. use and ground lf desired. Apply
I all offlce.
Fi iR ?ale — Bargain; stationery, news agency,
cigars and school supplies; cheap rent; make
ffer: no agents. Apply 1650 Polk st.
$50 BUYS grocery and bar: rent, with two liv-
ing rooms, $9 month. Inquire 25 Zoe st., bet.
Third ar.d Fourth, off Bryant..: ,
FOR sale— A flrst-ciass 4-chair barber shop; old
established place; price $400. L. L., box
sis, Call office; no agents.
SALOON with 4 rooms cheap; low rent: on ac-
count dissolving partnership. 533 Howard st.
GROCERY and bar for sale; reasonable terms.
254 Jessie st.. bet. Third and Fourth.
HAVE $200 to $500 and services to invest. What
hnve yoa? Box 830. Call office.
CAPITALISTS wanted to take an interest in a
rich California gravel mine (drift), 140 miles
from city. Those meaning business can ad-
dress, with reference, M. G., room .',632
Market st.
$5500— FINE hotel property; Alameda County; 6
dally trains; must sell, reason sickness; a
splendid opportunity : investigation solicited.
ALDEN CO.. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale at a barcain; well established coal
business in AVestern Addition: teams, stock,
etc ; flne opportunity. 2412 California st.
SEE BASILE, ?73 : 2 Market St.. to buy or sell
jour business; lodging houses a specialty.
BARBER shop, running 2 chairs, for sale
cheap. Inquire 104 Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant outfit, complete, for
sale cheap. Call to-day at 554 Mission st.
ONE of the best restaurants for sale. Apply
CORNER store and bar for 6ale. Apply at
AA'ELL established custom tailoring business.
Inquire at ZIEGLER BROS.', 527 Montgom-
">' st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
AY. CASAVELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE en this paper for sale. Apply this
' fflce. ■■-yv.v
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
u^ocxiTcKß^Eß^ndT-^K. a
30 BAY-WINDOWS, $2200.
24 rooms on Geary st $625
25 rooms; corner house £50
14 rooms on O'Farrell st 350
12-room house; large yard; downtown.. 400
1* rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms on Sixth st 4.",'.,
FOR A HOUSE ANA' SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp sth.
10-ROOM house; 5 minutes' walk from Call
Offlce; $450. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
A— KREDO & CO 22t. Geary st.
FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS
6 rooms; nicely furnished; clears $20 $125
9 rooms; new; clears $25 300
II rooms; all rented: clears $25 250
16 rooms; Post st.; clears $75 775
2S rooms; near 'Market st. ; clears $100 COO
29 rooms; best block O'Farrell st 2100
SO rooms; Market St.; clears $150 1200
$200— LODGING house of 15 rooms, near New
Montgomery and Second sts.. at a sacrifice.
HEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Market st.
$400— LODGING house, 21 rooms: piano included.
McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
AVANTED— Tenants for 7. 9. 10. 12 and IS-room
houses at SPECK & CO.'S. C 67 Market st.
CALL at Alexandria Hotel, 7"T Sutter St.; in-
spect the furniture and carpets on sale.
THIRD, 233— Dodging house of 11 rooms for
rale cheap.
LODGING-HOUSE of 9 rooms for sale; in good
condition: cheap. 276 Minna st.
JFURXITURE FOR SALE.
ALEXANDRIA Hotel furniture now on sale
In large ir small lots: to be removed at once;
lf not disposed of before, will be offered at |
Miction commencing Saturday 10 a. m. at
781 Sutter st.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
SOc. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnlshi-d In oak for $43 50, with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. '-1181 Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, id-hand machinery. Mc-
I.NTGSH ft WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont St.
Gasoline engines— l h. p. HO". 2 h. p. $123. 3 h. p.
$150. 4 h. p. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum; offlllce furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1015-1021-H123 Mission st..
above Sixth.
NATIONAL cash register and fire and burglar j
proof safe for sale cheap. 42 Main st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
AVHITE' S. :.lg Mission st.
BARGAIN— S H. P. Golden Gate gas engine.
almost new. See EPSTEIN. 648 Mission St.
BOILERS, fnglnes, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN ft BURKE, 139 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mlsslcn si
BAFES— All sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento »t.
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only). $15; will ,
lit plicno or graphophone. ctgalupt, 933 Mk_
SAFES— Bargain* in new end second-hand, all
idzes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
SEWING \« HINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. H7. Sixth: phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC Domestic, Since,-, AVhite cheap;
repairing guaranteed !91*. Mission, nr. 16th.
ALL kind? bought, sold, .x'-lmrineil. >nted; re-
pnir'.ni.* nt lowest rat"* 2"7. Fourth m.
STORAGE.
o7\LA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. _Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 I'ost St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
inc, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 31L
PERSONALS.
MRS. DRE. WILLIAMS, moved from 967
Mission st. to 501 Jessie, corner Slxtb^
RAG can wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wovo rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
AVILL lady who was on Sutter-st. ear on Feb-
ruary 3, 1899 and saw boy run over by car
between Devisadero and Broderick sts. please
call at 1416 Lyon street?
LEDERER is the popular hairdresser; only the
latest coiffures: 25c hair rolls for 10c and 20c;
the largest, from ear to ear, only Sue. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER Quintonlca is wonderfully strength.
ening to the hair, Ssc bot; Foamo Shampoo,
5c ; kg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
WHITEWASHING machine cr brush work: 10
per cent saved by sending orders 632 Mttrket
st.. room It: machine for sale or rent.
1000 ENVELOPES^ bill heads, cards, note heads
or statements printed, Sl 50; cash with order.
BLF.A", 511 Sacramento st. . tel. Mall "lfi.
FRENCH TANSY AA'AFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladies: nre never falling and safe, rejuv-
enate the system: brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
sy v iters are the only reliable female rem-
edy in the world; Imported from Paris: take
nothing else from druggists, but insist -on
genuine; In red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. li: BENDER & CO.. drug-
gists. 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD A CO..
druggists. NAA". cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
JOHN* LS BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., Law- a Specialty. ;
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus ar.d baggage to and from, the ferry.
COMPLETE line ladies' taihr-made suits; low
prices; »-as> payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton st. ;
PRIA'ATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases takm charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero
Kt., near Twenty-fifth; Guerrero-st. cars.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
classes, $2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 tl weekly: $10 .2 w.); $15 13 w.); $20 (4 w.i
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
U. '/.. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, ba.iketware. 4SS Halght.
T. BRILLIANT. S3S-310 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
SUMMER bamboo furniture b»low cost to or-
der. K. V. ISHITARI, 213 Sutter st.
A— Ladies' cr gent's clothing, furniture, bought.
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and -aits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order. $1 per we - CHICAGO CLOCK :
CO.. ISI4 Market St.; open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L. |
LEMOS, 1117 Market st . bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manutac-
turlng. O. NOLTE. Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell st. :
SKITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no Injec-
tlon; guarntd. Dr. Gordin. 511 Pine.ab. Kearny, j
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets SS:bed lounges
': 50: open -.-'■■ 1. J NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOA'ED to 357 Geary st. *. dresses made, $5
up; perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts. $1; plain sewing: bindings put i
on skirts. 25c. 1007 Larkin St., room 1.
SPIRIT! ILISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNET, trance test medium.
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri- !
vate, chronic and obscure diseases: diagnosis
free: sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MMB. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister: come skeptics.
MRS. S. SIEP, psychometrist; 11 to 5: SOc;
circles evenings except Sat.. 10c 1724 Market. ,
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slats
writing medium. US Halght st. j
MRS. ELLIS tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. : I
Mon.. S: ?sc: sittings. ft. 233 A'alencia St.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
W Cl - Aj y V<> I.NTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant an 1 |
card reader: born with double veil and second _
sight; diagnoses disease: full life reading; la-
dies, 50c; gents. $1: sit., $150. 126 Turk St.
TOUR fortune told by cards: ladies. 25c; gents, j
BOc. 326 Larkin. cor. Golden Gate, room 6; j
removed Trom 1033 Mission st., downstairs.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. US Grant aye, r. 13, second floor. |
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladies, 25c: gents, I
50c. _•:..-■ cor. Golden Gate, room 6. I
MME. RAA'ENA reads life fluently; business j
advice; names given; 25c .-,. 5 Fourth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader, |
removed to 865". Market St., rooms S-10.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist. 405 ;
Kearny St.. r. 34; French and English spoken.
MME LENEMAR tells by planets: predicted
reccue passangers str. Gold, '74. 31 Sixth st. 1
CLAIRVOYANT card reader, 10c: ladles only.
543 Natonia st., between Sixth and Seventh.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2*; Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader: !
past, present and future; 25c. 14$ 6th, r. 12.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St.. rooms 9 and 10.
RETURNED— EDNA A*. GRANT, clairvoyant
and ralmlst. 120 Ellis St.. parlors 6 and 7.
MRS. '. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market St., room 2. . »
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
netic, 207 Powell St., rooms 5 and 6.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth at., rooms 2-3.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st : clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or ry> pay; 25c.
MME ETTA RALPH, palmist an I psychom-
etrlst; parlors 2 and 3. 995 Mark St..
MISS EA'A SHELDON, palmist and card read-
ing. 17 Grant aye.. parlor 6.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card i
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. KA'BILLE. cradle to gra'-e; future hus- ''
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The AA'eckly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY — Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer in America; sketch of life and pros-
pects, send date of birth, sex and 12c. PRO-
FESSOR SERRANO. P. O. box :'-235. Boston.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAA^RDT^^pn^f"count^SL"GerT
main/.. 610 Geary st., above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall, $1.
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist.
910 Bush st.. between Taylor and Jones.
HORSES.
HORSES for sale; 20 Altuna, ranging 5 an 1 «
years old; 15 Nutwood, same ages; weigh-
Ing 1050 to 1175, and one Napa AA'ilkes, dam
Black Davis by Evan Dai record 2:25;
stock at saleyard, corner of Silver aye. and
Kan Eruno road. I. L. SOLOMON.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 sixth St.; auction sales every AA'ednosday.
SULLIVAN & 1" ■'>'! Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENHALL' S sale yard, 1732 Market st.
FOR sale— lo horses and muli at old Turk-st.
car stables. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
{"WAGON, vegetable delivery or express; 2-man
Eraser speed cart; business or road buggy,
good as new. 1619 Market st.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies: 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS tecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1110 Folsom st.
LOST.
LOST Manuscript of music going from Lom-
bard and Broderick, A"an Ness. Golden Gate
aye. to Market. turn to 552 Natoma; re-
ward.
HORSI- and red cart was taken from Buchanan
st near Clay: dark bay, over -11 hands high,
man<> close cut. JOHN T. GRAHAM, Pre-
sidio aye. and Alabama St.; ward.
LOST— In front of 26 Sacramento st.. a gold
locket find fob: suitable reward. Return to
AY". E. ELLIOT, 28 California st.
IIO~REWARD— Vicinity Of Third and Mission.
Friday morning. May 5, »-cornere_ locket
containing picture and lock of hair. Return
to 211 Minna Bt. i
$20~REAA'ARD— In East Oakland: sealskin cape
with Persian lamb yoke: Friday afternoon.
Return to 1264 Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
LOHT— SSO reward will be paid to party who
found diamond cross on Larkin st. Return to
1513 Clay st.; call between 12:20 and 1:30; no
questions asked. ;y;., .yy.-.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 11, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
A 7-ROOM elegant Queen Anno, bath; reduced
$35 to $25. SPECK & CO., 66" Market st.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1915 rooms, latest, $30.
Key drug store, Baker and McAllister sts.
GREENWICH, 802, NAY. cor. of Taylor—
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard: basement;
sunny side; rent $25. |
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOAVELL,
10 Montgomery st.
MINNA. 323^. between Fourth and Fifth—'
_J!louse of 6 rooms In good order.
PERRY", 208- House 4 rooms, yard: rent $7 50 I
mo.; water free. Apply to UMBSEN Sc CO.. I
14 Montgomery st. '.->---,
FURNISHED BOUSES TO LET.
A RARE- chance; an elegantly furnished mod-
ern residence; 8 rooms, bath; lovely yards;
close to San Mateo and Mission cars. 80 Val-
ley St., bet. Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth; !
rent $30.
POWELL, 617— Nicely furnished, sunny flat of
6 rooms and bath; rent $45. J
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, basement; !
large yard; flat, 6 rooms, bath. l*-7" 15th st. ;
FLATS TO LET.
A COZA" 5-room and bath; lovely yard; only $12, j
at a. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market sL
ANTONIO, 4, off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far- !
rell— Sunny modern flat, 5 rooms and bath. I
CHELSEA place, off Bush, bet. Stockton and
Powell— 5-room, very sunny flat; bath.
CLAYTON. 872-874. south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flats. 4 and 5 rooms; bath: cheap. j
FIVE rooms, bath; new; $16. 2121 Point Lobos J
aye., near Tenth aye. i
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
II Montgomery st.
LOWER corner flat. 5 rooms, bath; all sunny;
$16. Nor;'. corner Filbert and Jones ; **-
MINNA. 521, in rear, bet. 6th and 7th— s-room
house; $10 mo. Apply 1021 Mission, near 6th.
MODERN flat, 5 rooms, bath. 56S Bryant St.,
neat Fourth.
NEWLY renovated flat; 4 rooms; rent $9. 23
Dearborn Bt., off 17th, above A'alencia.
UPPER Bat, 229 Seventh st., near Howard; 4
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
UPPER, I ■_: 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay st.. near Fillmore.
$12-LOAA*ER flat, 3 large sunny rooms; marble
mantle, bath, yard and cellar; 7.-. Elliot Park,
off Steiner St., near Geary. Apply 1911 Geary. j
$10— LOAVER flat of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl !
St.. off Market, near Valencia. ;
$14— FLAT, 5 rooms. 724 Harrison et., between
Third and Fourth.
$15 AND $16—6 sunny rooms each; baths; 1 cor- i
ner. Army st.. near A'alencia. 1
$13— COZA' sunny lower flat. 4 rooms; bath; I
yard 22 Shotwell st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
DOLORES. 352. nr. Sixteenth— ss; 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms tor 2 people; cook stove.
ERIE, 47, bet. 13th and 14th— 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms; neat, convenient; rent $13.
GEAR A*. ISI2V»— 3 large sunny housekeeping
rooms; all modern Improvements; no chil-
dren; $1S ;
GEAR" 1911, opp. Hamilton Square— Fur-
nished; $15; alcove suite ami adjoining room;
porcelain sink and bath.
GEARY", 1917— $11; 3 comfortably furnished
sunny rooms; bath, gas and coal stoves; every
convenience for adults.
GOLDEN GATE. 64'"— Corner suite, separate
kitchen; sun all day: also single.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050— 2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove: use of telephone. __^
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1410— Finely furnished
floor; complete: housekeeping rooms; sun;
bath; yard; cheap.
HICKORY aye., 181, near Gough— Two fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; $8.
HOWARD 640— Choice sunny bay-window rms.;
also single; 25c, 75c night; $1, $2 50 week.
HOWARD, 649—2 large rooms with bath fur- j
nished for housekeeping ln quiet family.
HOWARD 640. nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25, 75c night; $1. $2 50 week.
Hi (WARD, 829-r-Rooms, single $1 week up; also
housekeeping: transient.
HOWARD, Jo6S— Nicelv furnished sunny rooms, i
complete: all conveniences: $1 25 per week up. j
LEWIS, 1». off Taylor, near Post— l and 2
rooms, with kitchens, unfurnished, cheap.
LEXINGTON aye.. 210 — Sonny front alcove
room with kitchen; complete for housekeep-,
ing; bath; $12.
MINNA, 111 1 ,, nr. 2d— Furnished housekeeping
bay-window suite, with piano, $2 week.
MINNA. 546—2 or 3 rooms complete for house-
keeping.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105—2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping; sunny yard for children; $6.
NINTH, 72— Two sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single room; private fam-
ily; bath.
OCTA A'l A, 1103. cor. Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow, $S, with kitchen; blue flame or is; $12.
PERRY, 166— Nice sunny bay-window front
room; use of kitchen; very convenient.
POST. 507—2 nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping; complete; rent $11.
SEVENTH, ITS Suite with stationary wash-
tubs, for housekeeping; Bret Boor; also single
front. $3 month-
SHOTWELL! -Two sunny furnished rooms
fer housoke3plng.
SIXTH, 420— "Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
THIRD. 340— Large front alcove room for
housekeeping, $2; also 2 others, $1 50.
TWELFTH, 230 - 2 nicely furnished front
housekeeping rooms; corner flat; private
family.
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy st.
VALENCIA. S34'_ Furnished front room,
kitchen, complete for housekeeping, $12 50.
VAN NESS, 400— Elegantly furnished corner
flat; 3 rooms and bath; gas range; NE cor-
ner: reasonable to responsible parties.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-ciass
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
.-like house; modern service: elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MLS. J. KING.
AT 16 Stockton st., "The Pup"— fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.
BUSH, 421, near Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand, $1 up.
BUSH, 717, near Powell— furnished rooms at
$5 a. mo.'.th.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and Bees.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. ,i. -Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY", '■'. cor. Powell— furnished front
rooms from $1 75 to $3 50 per week.
EIGHTEENTH. 3418 — 2 large sunny rooms or
single room; very reasonable.
ELLIS, 51S— Sunny furnished rooms, with
board, $20.
ELLIS, 68&- front sunny room, $2 per week;
bath.
ELLIS, 720— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
double or single: reasonable.
FOLSOM, 77"'-.. Neatly furnished single room;
every convenience; $4 month.
GEARY, 022. near Jones— 2 large single nicely
furnished back rooms; run. water and gas.
GEARY, 73C (old No. 710), near Leavenworth—
Neatly furnished room suitable for 2; 1 per-
son, $5; or 2, $6. -*-..
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT aye., 309— Bay-window suite or single.
rooms; transient.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOAA'ARD, 953' i. bet. Fifth and Sixth-Sunny
front suite; also others; reasonable; bath.
HOWARD, 1109, nr. 7th— New and comfortable
rms.; 2 front bay-window and 1 single; prlv't.
IF you want a room see our fully described
list: saves time and trouble. If you want
roomers register here: MATHESON'S Agency,
room - I, '-'-'7 Market st., opp. Mason.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished single sunny
front room.
KEARNA*. 209, 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 BO up; also light hkpK rms.; transient.
LEAVENWORTH^ >1! *14; 4 furnished or un-
furnished sunny rooms; hath; yard; couple.
MAIN, 311— Large furnished sunny front room;
also smaller rooms for gentlimen.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished,
bay-window room, $1 per week: transient.
MISSION, >;.',. b.-t. Fourth and Fifth-Single
and suites.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
ROOMS TO Continued.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able. _ '
O'FARRELL, 314 A —Rooms by the day. week or
month; transient solicited; quiet.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; by day or week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 102 Seventh st.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; room per night, 35c to $150;
week. $2 to 88; month. $*> to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. Large sunny room for light house-
keeping; also rooms $1 week; quiet house.
SIXTH. 2161 i— Nicely furnished, sunny front
rooms; housekeeping and single; reasonable.
SIXTH, 310— Nicely furnished rooms with
double beds.
SOUTH PARK, 80 Sunny suite of parlors for
2 or 3 gentlemen; private family; cheap.
TURK, -";■', Nicely furnished sunny single
room, $6.
$1 A WEEK— Large sunny single room; closet;
bath, private. -22 Fifth st. _______
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
A— HOME comforts for gentleman or lady in
respectable family; no objection to aged per-
son or invalid; German preferred. 3550 Nine-
teenth street, near Valencia,
CALIFORNIA, 807, "The Bingham"- California
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts.
ELEGANTLY furnished rooms, with first-class
board. 913 O'Farrell st.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
NICE rooms and board in redwoods on bank j
of Russian River; delightful climate, scen-
ery, boating; $5 per week. Address box 4761,
Call office.
O'FARRELL, Pleasant sunny rooms; gooj
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single roo. :s: excellent board.
SOUTH PARK. Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
SUTTER, 1128— Lovely home: sunny rooms:
overlooking garden; home cooking.
THE Longworth, 522 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished: single rms.: table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home for children, $S; infants, $10 per
mo. 21" Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
RESTAUR ANTS.
WINCHESTER tel, dining-room and restau-
rant. 44-58-68 Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners. 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
WESTERFI : Restaurant, coffee and ice
ci ■■!'• parlor. 1035 Market si ; popular prices.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in Rind second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible, done to please and satisfy the
customer.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos: sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
BARGAIN Music box. perfect condition: 18
tunes: 1 year's guarantee. Call or address
619 Golden Gate aye.
A NEW Chlckering and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's,
1019 Van .Ness. nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 708.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments. $5 ?5 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sal. Heine. 136 Ellis.
A— ?S5: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
R A. DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 30S to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson • page Rooms, 1710 Market.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
Post st
W, G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN- upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done i D the teeth is always the most
nsive; bad: decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to till sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent-* See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber: crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plat*s from $."; crowns, $350; fillings, 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Oixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$.1 50 up; plates, extractions free, $1 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 1" p. m.; Sunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O Farreli st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by Ids wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plat $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market. -
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; teeth witout plates a
speclaltv: liberal credit given. PERRY ''EN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 50c up: crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarantd. N. Y. Dentist, 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. 11. G.
"NO. 1841 Polk st.
LEGAL notices.
notice!
To All Whom It May Concern Notice Is
hereby given that on th,- 17th day of April,
1899, the Bakersfield and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed Its application In writing,
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of Bald
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1899, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question. It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and de-
scription, have been fully paid and dis-
charged.
Wherefore, It was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in some newspaper
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any interest
in the matter of said application or desiring
to oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or before
the 22d day. of May, 1899, any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
said petition.
. In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set
my hand and the official seal of said court
this the 17th day of April. 1899.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Offldo Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ox-Offlcio Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court
CITY and County Treasury. San Francisco,
April 14. 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September is, 1880
also, in accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 18, 1872. there
will tie sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
& Co., at their Salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
St., on MONDAY, May 15, 1899, at 10 o clock
a. m.. sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the poi" force
of San Fran- as detailed in an Vi cntory
thereof on file in the office of the v leik of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc. ; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing.
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of sale.
I. .1. TRUMAN, City and County Treasurer.
PHYSICIANS. .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021% Market St., bet. 6th and 7th.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
PEREMPTORY
AUCTION SALE *
BY THE PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
THIS DAY (THURSDAY).
MAY MTH, AT 1- O'CLOCK.
AT lb MONTGOMERY STREET.
BY ORDER OF A. C. FREESE.
EX-PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
BALDWIN &. HOWELL 'WILL SELL
AT AUCTION:
AT AUCTION:
No.' 606, 606 A and 606% Third St., near Bran-
nan; lot 25x156:8, running through to Ritch St.;
improvements consist of a 3-story building on
Third St., containing 2 stores and 2 stories
above, also a 3-story building (No. 307 Ritch
st.), containing 6 flats of 3 rooms each; total
rents $9S.
Southeast corner Octavia and Oak sts.; lot 30x
80; improvements consist of a 2-story building
on the corner, containing a store and 2 rooms,
and a flat above of 5 rooms and bath; also a
2-story residence on Octavia st. (No. 264). con-
taining 8 rooms and bath, etc.; total rents $70;
there is about 36x50 feet vacant, which should
be improved.
Nos. 2C57 and 2639 Howard st., near Twenty-
third; 2 flats of 6 rooms each; Tent {40; large
lot 30x122:6.
Lot on south side of Ripley place. 230:9 west
of Alabama st. ; size of lot 20x150, running
through to Waltham place.
Lot on northeasterly line of Fifteenth aye.,
275 feet southeast of R st.; size 25x100; street
graded, sewered and macadamized.
Lot on the southwesterly line of Fourteenth
aye., 275 feet southeast of R St.; 25x100.
Lot on the west line of Forty-third aye.. 100
feet south of (j st. ; 50x120.
Lot en the north line of Trumbull st., 120
feet east of Condon; 30x160, through to Canal st-
Lot on the north side of Silver aye., 200 feet
west of Barneveld aye. ; 25x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
ASSIGNEE'S
Alt HON
SALE,
CHOICE PROPERTY,
THIS DAY (THURSDAY), MAY 11TH,
AT 10 MONTGOMERY ST.,
12 o'clock noon.
SW. corner of Guerrero and Duncan sts.;
69:6x117 feet, with improvements consisting of 4
splendid flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
rent $62 corner 25x117 vacant should be im-
proved; mortgage can remain.
Alabama St., near Twenty-fourth; extra large
lot 52x100, with improvements known as Lib-
erty Hall.
THIS PROPERTY WILL BE SOLD.
BE SURE AND ATTEND THE SALE.
SEE THE PROPERTY AT ONCE
BALDWIN HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY ST. '
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100— $300— Choice lots near Ocean Beach; very
easy installments.
$100— $125— Bargains'. Level lots In Ocean
View, near electric cars; $10 down: $5 monthly.
$400 to $1000— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots;
superb view; fine climate; $25 down; $10
monthly.
$250 to $700— Choicest Richmond lota; all bar- '.
gains; easy payments.
$100 to $300— Lots near Mlsslon-st. electric ]
cars; ready to build on.
Branch office on Ninth aye.. near H st. ;
open Sundays. •
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
A COMFORTABLE home at the Mission: -i-
room windowed cottage; brick founda-
tions, driveway and stable: street work done;
good neighborhood; only $1500; terms can be
arranged.
.'HAS W. POPE, 1! Montgomery st.
HOUSE, 5 large rooms, also accommodations
for horses, cattle and poultry, at a sacrifice;
1 block from the new San Bruno electric cars.
Apply at :2(9 San Bruno aye., nr. 24th st.
$350— LARGE lot, 44:6x103:6; level, fenced: 1
block from 2 car lines: positive bargain; no
humbug. Owner, 21 Powell St., rooms 1 and 2.
$13.000— A BARGAIN; must be sold; corner:
87*_xll2H; south of Park Panhandle; 6 new
flats, with modern Improvements; rents $144
per month; pays 13 per cent. Box 706, Call.
$12,000— A FINE corner, one block from Park;
62%x50; 4 new flats with modern improve-
ments; rents $94 per month; an offer wanted.
Box 705, Call office.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
CITY poultry farms, $100 up; money advanced
to Improve. P. A. DOLAN, 40 Montgomery
st., room 7.
$100 CASH, $25 mo.; $1900-52400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
! ; block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GOOD lodging house in Oakland; now' clearing
over $150 per month; will sell on easy terms
or exchange for good property; best of reasons
for selling. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— For cash; outside lots suitable for
city poultry farm. P. A. DOLAN, 40 Mont-
gomery St., room 7.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AVOID delays— sso to $100,000; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, 6 per cent; estates in probate, undivided
Interests in estates, legacies and mortgages
bought: advice and money furnished; full in-
formation free. P. A. Dolan, 40 Montgy, r. 7.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6V. per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain libera! advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 180 Powell st,
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels,
undlv'd int'ts. etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Ex-
aminer building.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mlsslon: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY WANTED.
$3000— AT B. per cent: improved orchard; Santa
Clara County. • Address box 869, Call office.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil ...id mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., mln--
tralogv, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, cor
■traction, mechanical drawing, mathematics
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
. penmanship. English branches. . etc.: life
scholarship, $50; low rales per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even.; San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn It practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR. 572 Parrott building.
LAW Schools, '.'27 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzing ' a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY, KA Hyde.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin st.. opp. City Hall.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor, Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor, Stocktn.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
fice open evenings from 7 to 10. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckels bldg.
L, I. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 027
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
, W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
AUCTION : ~
MAY 17 OF May 17
CHOICE PROPERTIES!
A. M. SPECK & CO.
HAIGHT-ST. LOT. ->.;-"
Lot 25x120 on south line of Haight st., 155
west of Broderick; a fine residence lot.
MASON-ST. COTTAGE. '
Two cottages of 4 and 5 rooms and bath re-
spectively on west line of Mason et. (Nos. 1705-
-1707), 34 feet north of Green; renting for $3
and $1,0 25. 'a . ;■:.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
Lot 55x90, with 3 stores, 2 flats and 4 two-
story houses; renting for $110; on NE. corner
of Twenty-fourth and Shotwell sts.
MASON-ST. CORNER.
Lot 52:6x82:6 on SE. corner of Mason and
Washington sts., with large 12-room residence;
(mortgage of $5000 can remain.)
22 AND 24 TURK ST.
Lot 34:4V3X137:6, with 3-story frame improve-
ments; Nos. 22 and 24 Turk st. ; renting for 8200
a month; this is only $206 feet west of Mason
and looks into Market St.; this property will
surely increase one- third in 5 years; mortgage
of $19, 000 can remain.
RICHMOND BLOCK, LESS 5 LOTS.
Block 195, bounded by Point Lobos aye..
Clement St., Fourteenth and Fifteenth ayes.; "
lots sold out of this block at $750 to $775; this
block fronts on proposed boulevard.
MAY 17 GOOD PROPERTIES MAY 17
MAY 17 ' MUST BE BOLD MAY 17
AT SALESROOM OF
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
6fi7 Market St.,
AT 12 ' O'CLOCK' M.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nos. 128 and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court.
Send bids to A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mrkt.
$27,000— ELEGANT Pacific Heights residence:
splendid modern home of 20 rooms and $
baths; on sunny side; all the latest Improve-
ments; finished In various beautiful woods;
inlaid floors; frescoed ceilings; fine marine
view; in the choicest part of Pacific Heights.
Apply to CHAS. W. SUTRO, 14 Montgomery
St., 12 m. or 5 p. m.
4-ROOM cottage and lot 27:6x100; furni-
ture and 3 dozen chickens included. Dia-
mond St., near Twentieth.
MUST be sold; new modern house of 5 rooms;
large lot; on railroad; one-third cash; your
own time for balance. Box 827, Call office.
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
ORCHARD, 15 miles south of San Jose;
12 acres 4-year-old prunes; house of 7 rooms;
barns, etc.; good well of water; 5 minutes
from station. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
FOR sale, cheap Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake, Van-
couver Island; unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting: owner leaving country.
Apply to DR. FOOTE, Duncans, Vancouver
Island. * •-".
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
g COT ATI CO., 302 California at.. S. F.
$350— 1N SAN BENITO County; 160 acres home-
stead abandonment; GO acres cultivable; 12
acres in wheat. Address box SO3, Call.
COTTAGE in Santa Cruz for sale; $150; good
location. Apply 11 Maple St., Santa Cruz. Cal.
$500—75x100; HOUSE, barn and well at Colma.
C. C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M
GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
FRUIT, grain and i ock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM ft CO.. 20 Mwt^-»T st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$25 CASH, $5 60 monthly till paid for; a new
3-room cottage; high basement: lot 50x256
feet; price all told $425; Westall Tract. In
tropical Fruitvale, adjoining East Oakland;
rich soil; grand view; superb climate; no cold
winds nor fogs here; electric cars and a 90-
-foot wide boulevard near; not far from a fine
3-story BCboolhouse; there are quite a number
of S. F. merchants now located in ibis sec-
tion. Call or send for circular to 455 Seventh
st. near corner Broadway, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Haight St.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CHEAP— of 6-room house; must be
sold this week; bids taken; house for rent;
central: 2 blocks from local trains. MRS. R.
WALSH, 578 Ninth st.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
COTTAGES WANTED.
LADY would like to rent a cottage of 3 rooms
at Fruitvale or San Leandro. Address 63S
Ivy aye., San Francisco.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$."00— LOT 60x150; with small cottage, en mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— Lot 30x150; with 7-room cottage; near
etation and High School; easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3200— Lot 43x138; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of tha
main avenues; near etation: $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let In all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1423 Park St., Alameda.
TO lease for one year or more, a pleasant,
sunny home in Alameda; house of 9 rooms,
bath, attic and basement; modern plumbing,
electric lights and gas throughout; large
grounds. 1439 Morton St., near Santa Clara;
rent $45 per month.
FOR sale, or will exchange for lots In Oakland.
Berkeley or Alameda, a house of 6 rooms and
bath: street work. J. H. YOUNG, Builder,
1243 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD HOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. *■ UNKE. 1418 Bth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MONEY to loan for building artistic homes in
Scenic Park, Berkeley; directly adjoining uni-
versity grounds; view unsurpassed; all
agents In Berkeley have my property for sale
except where loan Is required. Apply in per-
son or by letter to F. M. WILSON. Berkeley.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
Ten minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet In depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwight way station.
Cheapest choice property In Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON,
- Berkeley Station.
MAKRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
George Van Dyne and Caroline Downey. .2l-29
Pin Solini and Adelle Draini 35-23
Alexander G. McKeron and Helen Met 43-35
Julius Eiehenberger and Caroline L. Peri. 26-26
BIRTHS— MARRIAfiES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
• sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HANSRROUGH— In this city. May 8, 1899, to
the wife of G. A Hansbrough. a son.
________
MARRIED.
McCarthy OILLESPIB— in this city, May 7,
1889, by the Rev. Father Kennelly of St.
Rose's Church. Joseph McCarthy of Vallejo
and Annie Gillespie <<( San Francisco.
DIED.
Beasley, Mary Kennedy, Catherine
Brown, Elisabeth McLaughlin. Mrs. B.
Coleman. Barnett . Moreno, Camilo N.
Daly, Gertrude Meyer, August
Ferguson, Eleanor Mallett, Ada J.
Cans, Charles A. Merrill, Clara A.
Graves. Arthur Miller. Alexandrina
Hiekox. Frank B. Petersen. Lizzie D.
Hillmann, Henry Pryal. Mary I.
Hutchins, Dr. C. B. Rippe, Eleanor
Jefferson. Mrs. Julia Rlchter. William
Jaeck, Margarethe S. Schultz. Ernest A.
Keegan, Henry P. Thompson, Thomas
Williams, John
BEASLEY— In Napa, Mary Beasley. mother of
Mrs. S. Penebsky and Harry and James
Beasley.
BROWN— In the City and County Hospital,
May 10, 1899, Elizabeth Brown a native of
California, aged 35 years.
COLEMAN— In Hollister, May 0, 1899, Barnett,
beloved husband of Rosa Coleman, father of
Mrs. Marcus Wolf and Harry Coleman, and
brother of Charles Coleman, a native of Ger-
many, aged 57 years and 4 months.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at Hills of Eternity Cemetery on
the arrival of 10:40 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. Services will he held
In the mortuary chapel at the cemetery.
DALY— In this city. May 9, Gertrude Daly, be-
loved daughter of Kate and the late R. J.
Green, a native of Sacramento. Cal., aged 22
years 8 months and 21 days.
IFTTriends and acquaintances are respect- j
■
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from St. Bridget's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o clock. Remains at the funeral parlors of
H. C. Bunker & Co., 2666 Mission street, near
Twenty-third.
FERGUSON— In Oakland. May 10, 1899, Eleanor
W. Ferguson, mother of Mrs. Eleanor W.
Purinton and the late Albert Wardwell, a
native of Boston, Mass., aged 73 years and 11
months. : ;..
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1448 Chestnut street. Oakland. In-
terment strictly private.
GANS— In Alameda, May in, 1899, at 7:30 a. m.,
Charles A., beloved husband of Henrietta
Gans, father of Martha R. Gans. son of Sam
Gans. and brother of Mrs. J. D. Isaacs, Mrs.
Harry Schiller and A. W. and Lew Gans. a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years and 7
months.
'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence.
1414 cat.,-,, street, thence via 2:80 o'clock
broad-gauge boat, thence by 3:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
GRAVES- In Pinole. May 6, 1899, Arthur
Graves, a native of England, aged 29 years.
- r~%J" funeral will take place Sunday, May
14. 1899, at 1:80 o'clock, from the M. E.
Church, Martinez, under the auspices of the
Foresters of Pinole. Interment Martinez.
HICKOX— In this city, May * 1899 Frank 8.,
eldest son of B. F. Hiekox, and brother of
Mrs Orrin K. McMurray and Charles D.
Hiekox, a native of San Francisco, aged 13
year 3 4 months and 11 days.
'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Western Addition Funeral Directors, 2428
California street, between Fillmore and
Stelner, thence to Odd Fellows" Cemetery for
cremation.
nil. l. mann— ln this city. May 10, 1899, Henry,
beloved husband of the late Augusta Hill-
mann, and father of Mrs. L. Jannusch. Mrs.
H. Antony, Mrs. W. Zell, Mrs. J, Gamma,
Mrs. H. Pape, Mrs. F. Welsmann and Henry
and Theodor Hillmann, a native of Germany,
aged 67 years.
G~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to«attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock sharp, rrom the resi-
dence of his daughter. 452 Athens street, be-
tween Persia and Brazil avenues. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HUTCHINS— In this city. May 9. 1899, Dr.
Chauncey B. Hutchins, a native of Water-
ford, Pa., aged 74 years..
ICTFriends and acquaintances and com-
rades of the G. A. R. and Companions of the
Loyal Legion are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral, which will be held under
the auspices of George H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. at their hall, 320 Post street, to-
morrow (Friday), at i o'clock. Interment
private in George H. Thomas Post plat, Na-
tional Cemetery.
JEFFERSON— In Berkeley. May 9, 1899, Mrs.
Julia Barclay, beloved wife of Dr. S. M. Jef-
ferson, a native of Beirut, Syria, aged 38
years .8 months and 12 days.
EyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock, at the family residence, 2511
Dwlght way, Berkeley. Interment private in
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
JAECK— In this city. May 9. 1899, Margarethe
S. Jaeck. beloved mother of Mrs. J. Amberg,
Mrs. F. Peek. Mrs. G. Buhl, and Adam Jaeck.
a native of Baden, Germany, aged 74 years
and 1 day.
E3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 424 Fremont street, between Harrison
and Bryant. Interment I. O. O.- F. Cemetery.
KEEGAN— In this city, May 10, 1899, Henry P..
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Keegan, and
father of Mrs. L. Shadinger, Frank II . Ed-
ward C. Catherine A., James W., Jennie F.,
John L.. Joseph L. and Nellie M. Keegan, a
native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 68
years.
KENNEDY— In this city, May 10, 1899, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of James Kennedy, mother
of John J., James F. and the late Thomas H.
Kennedy, and sister of the late John Hogan,
Mrs. Mary Ryan and Mrs. Delia Robertson,
a native of Queens County, Ireland, aged 62
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 920U Natoma street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, between How-
ard and Folsom, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McLAUGHLIN- this city. May 10. 1899,
Mrs. B. M.. beloved wife of the late P. Mc-
Laughlin, and dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Mamie Cavanagh, Mrs. T. B. Sutllff and
Gertrude and Jule McLaughlin, a native of
New York. .".--■ .--'
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2112 Baker street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MORENO— In New Almaden, Santa Clara
County, May 8, 1539. Camilo N., beloved hus-
band of Virginia B. Moreno, son of Mrs.
Guadalupe Madero, and brother of A. A.
Madero, and father of Nicolas and Julio Mo-
reno, a native of California, aged 43 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from 1343 Powell
street. Interment laurel Hill Cemetery.
MEYER— In this city. May 9, 189?, August, be-
loved brother of Charles Meyer, a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged 39 years 3 months
and 18 days.
C_?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Union-square
Hall, 421 Post street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the Ger-
mania Club. Remains at the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co., 1203 Mission street, near
Eighth Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MALLETT— this city, May 10, 1899, Ada Jane
Mallett, dearly beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. B. Robbins, and mother of Mrs. Fred
Lewis, a native of Bath, Me., aged 46 years
8 months and 6 days.
MERRILL— In this city. May 9. 1899, Clara
Amelia, wife of Charles A. Merrill, a native
of Belfast, Me., aged 55 years and 6 months.
(rJTFuneral services will be held this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 332 Noe street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Noe streets.
MILLER— In this city. May 8, 1899, Alexan-
drina. beloved daughter of Dr. J. A. and Va-
ronica Miller, and sister of Lydia M., Veron-
ica C. and Luciie Miller, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 years S months and 12
days.
[CT Funeral services will be held this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the family resi-
dence, 1042 Valencia street, corner of Hill
street. Interment private.
PETERSEN— In this city. May 9, 1899, Lizzie
Dora, beloved wife of Paul Petersen (nee
Wagner), and mother of Arthur, John, Rob-
ert, Eddy, George and Fred Wagner and Mrs.
E. Smith, a native of Germany, aged 4S years
4 months and 9 days.
C_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1203 Mission street, near
Eighth, thence to the German Methodist
Episcopal Church, Folsom street, near Fifth,
where funeral services will be held, com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
PRYAL— In this city. May 10, 1899, Mary Irene,
beloved daughter of Andrew and Mary Pryal.
and sister of James, George. Andrew, Ella
and Margaret Pryal. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 6 years 2 months and 20 days.
RIPPE— In this city, May 9, 1899, Eleanor,
dearly beloved daughter of John H. and Eliza-
beth Rippe, and beloved sister of Emma. Min-
nie. John, William and Elsa Rippe. a native
of San Francisco, aged 3 years 7 months and
5 days.
|fs"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2829 Twenty-fourth street, cor-
ner of Bryant, thence to St. Johannes' Ger-
man Evangelical Lutheran Church, Twenty-
second street, between Howard and Capp. for
services, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
RICHTER— In this city, May 10, 1899, William,
beloved husband of Dorothea Richter, and
father of Mrs. Matilda yon Ploennies and
Adolph Richter and the late Henry and Hen-
rietta Richter, a native of Bremen, Germany,
aged 72 years.
SCHULTZ— In this city. May 9. 1899. Ernest
August, beloved son of Louis and Mary
Schultz, and brother of Fred. Edward. Louis
and Hattie Schultz, a native' of Hanover.
Germany, aged 25 years 7 months and 17
days.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 2426 Filbert street, between
Pierce and Scott. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery-
THOMPSON— Malolos, March 26, 1899,
Thomas, beloved son of Nils and Mary
Thompson, and brother of Rosie Thompson.
a native of San Franicsco, aged . 20 years 7
months and 23 days.
WILLIAMS— In this city. May 9, 18:.9. John.
dearly beloved husband of Mary' Williams.
and father of Alfred G.. Carrie and Milton J.
Williams, a native of Finland, aged 56 years
6 months and 23 days. A member of Yerba
Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O. O. F., and Golden
Gate Hodge No. 8, A. O. U. W.
U7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend {he funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. ' 1757 1 .-. Mission street, thence to Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner of Seventh and Market
streets, where services will be held, com-
mencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING Asso-
ciation— The regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased Brents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
in St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Steiner
streets, to-morrow (Friday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends arc invited to attend. __^
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER_»
$0 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South M.
1112
WEDDED PETER
WYBERG AND
HIS MILLIONS
Ruth Harrison Is the
Lucky Girl.
— ♦- —
IT WAS LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT
— ♦ —
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE BARRY
OFFICIATED.
The Millionaire and His Butterfly
Bride Left Immediately for Se
attle, Where They Will
Make Their Home.
Peter Wyberg, millionaire mine-owner
nf Dawson City. who. sin^e his arrival in
this city, has become entitled to the cov
eted distinction of being known as
the best thing that ever trod the gilded
paths of the tenderloin, lias taken unto
himself a wife, and those who know the
bewitching damsel who is now Mrs. Wy- i
berg predict that Peter will find her a .
valuable ally in his money spending ca- j
reer. The fortunate damsel is a maid of >
twenty-one summers, and her friends i
choose to call her Ruth Harrison.
The marriage was in extremely quiet
affair the ceremony having been per
formed by Judge Barry the latter part
of last week. Only the Judge and two
witnesses were present, and -it is need
less to mention that the millionaire mine
owner was the real thing in a monetary
wax- with everybody whose pood fortune
it was to be present at the marriage. The
PETER WYBERG.
bride, of course, fell heir to a princely
fortune in spot cash. To be wed to YVy
berg and his wealth— principally his
wealth— is possibly one of the greatest
pieces of good fortune that could befall
one of Miss Ruth's tendencies. She Is
said to have received a wedding present
Of $10,000.
. Wyberg. who is fat and forty, arrived
in this city from Dawson City early last
spring. He brought $75,000 in gold" dust
with him, and on arriving here he regis
tered at the Commercial Hotel. After
taking his first whirl on the primrose
paths Wyberg lived wherever he hung his
hat or where the pop of the last bottle
found him. In his sizzling course along
the cocktail route Wyberg left a trail of
champagne corks bobbing In his wake
The millionaire met Ruth Harrison
RUTH HARRISON.
about two months ago, and it was a case
of love .'at first sight. The pay young
damsel took til.- Klondike:- In tow and in
a short month they succeeded in buying
enough wine to float a battleship.
Immediately after the marriage cere
mony was completed the couple ad
journed to a downtown restaurant where
a royal feast was held In honor of the
joyous occasion. r
Millionaire Wyberg and his butterfly
bride embarked on the steamer last Sat
urday for Seattle, where they will make
their home. The wealth) mine-owner will
make a trip Into Dawson this summer
end when* he returns he will again visit
this city.
Dr. Sarsfleld's remedy for the blood is
a sure and safe cur.- for diseases of the
stomach, liver, kidneys and bowels All
druggists; $1 a bottle. ' *
Annual Banquet.
The Oliver Wendell Holmes Debating
Society gave its annual banquet
at the California Hotel last night.
Fifteen guests sat down at table
with Harry Morris, president of the so
ciety, as toastmaster. An elaborate
menu was discussed and toasts were re
sponded to by air present. The other
officers are William A. Day, vice presi
dent, and Frank Mortimer, secretary
Druids to Picnic.
Tin members of Templar Grove No. 19
of the United Ancient Order of Druids
have made arrangements to have an ex
cursion to San Jose on Sunday next and
a picnic in Agricultural Park. On that
occasion there will be coursing by the San
Jose Coursing Club.
> LAMP DAT.
Some articles cut 60 per <*ent.
Some articles cut BO per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
EVENING SCHOOL
TEACHERS' HEADS
IN THE BASKET
Board of Education
Ax Falls Again.
— « —
The Board of Education held a pro
tracted session last night and transacted
a large amount of business, incidentally
complimenting President Bergerot and at
th.- same time giving Harrington, presi
dent of the old hoard of unsavory' mem
ory, a back-handed swipe by resolving
that the "Harrington School shall here
after be known as the Bergerot School."
In addition the board cut off the official
heads of a number of teachers in even
ing schools, placed others on the unas
signed list and made a number of trans
fers; also abolishing the head of the chem
ical department in the Lowell High
School.
When the board was called to order at
8:30 p. m. by President Bergerot all the
members were present, with the excep
tion of Director Head.
Superintendent Webster announced that
he had received the report of School~Cen
sus Marshal John Elbert, and in his opin
lon the report was faithful and correct.
The cost was $4939, a saving of $3267 on
the cost of taking the school census In
1898.
The board then resolved itself into a
committee of the whole and went into
executive session. The result of the com
mittee's deliberations is as follows:
MEDALS FOR THE LOYAL
SONS OF CALIFORNIA
THE following address has been prepared by the grand president of the ?
Native Sons to be promulgated throughout the order and throughout th.- j.
State: ♦
SANTA CRUZ, May 10. 1899. i- # >
To the Subordinate Parlors of the Native Sons of the Golden West— ♦
Dear Sirs and Brothers: In accordance with a resolution adopted by the y
Grand Parlor at Salinas, I have appointed a committee to act in conjunc- <-•
tion with the board of grand officers for the purpose of raising funds and 4
bringing to fulfillment the idea of presenting medals to the Californians, -J,":
native and adopt,.!, who enlisted In the war with Spain. r *
The subordinate parlors are requested to act as a committee in the «■ •■
several sections of the State '■ where they may be located to collect funds, *
either through subscription, entertainment or other popular methods, for , V
this patriotic purpose. The good will of the people should be enlisted in J,*
order that the affair may be a success. The medals are to come from the ♦
people in acknowledgment of their appreciation of patriotic services, and ;«;
the order of Native Sons of the Golden West simply becomes their agent «
in carrying out the will of the people. g$
Moneys may be forwarded to Henry I.unstedt, grand secretary, 41-1 «
Mason street, San Francisco, and the disbursement of th. funds acquired c*
will be under the control and supervision of the following committee of ±
fifteen, who, in conjunction with the newly elated board of grand officers, .•
will procure and distribute the medals in accordance with the intent and 4
purposes of the resolutions of th.- Grand Parlor and tin- patriotic spirit <>:' *?
the i. ople of < California: *
John T. Greany, W. W. Shannon, W. J. Wynn, James A. Devoto, *j
Edward J. Taafe, Frank H. Dunne, Merton C. Allen, Peter J. Dv Py, <•
Frank H. Kerrigan, W. W. Greer, George E. Catts, W. A. Gaston, H. C, ♦
Lichtenberger, E. A. Forbes and Rod W. Church. •*
The order, through the action of its representatives in Grand Parlor *
assembled, is now committed to this work, and it becomes our duty to .->•
set It brought to a successful issue. ♦
This is in direct keeping with tin objects for which we are organized, .*
and should appeal to the patriotic impulse of every loyal Native Son. Let ♦
each parlor and each Individual member of the order enter into this mat- *^
i. r with enthusiasm and zeal and give the committee in charge substan- r»
tial and material aid and encouragement. Fraternally yours, *j
FRANK MATTISON, Grand President. '.•
•.♦•.♦•.♦".♦v»*. ♦ '. ♦ •.♦*.♦•.♦•.♦•"♦;•♦••♦•.♦•.♦•.♦ ".♦•.♦••♦ *.♦*.♦-%♦•
Mrs M. Wats Miss M. L. Sablns,
Mrs. A. Stimmel and Miss A. J. Campbell,
teachers in the evening schools, were
placed On the substitute list.
The following assignments of teachers
in the evening schools were confirmed:
Miss E. 1.. West, to Hamilton Evening
School, vice Mrs. a. Stimmel; William Herrod,
to practical department of. Business Evening
School; Miss M. IT. Walsh, to HUmbo] It Even
ing School, vice Miss B. C. Games Miss M.
11, Hub. to Washington Evening School, vice
Miss M L. Sablns; W. J. Gorman, to Lincoln
Evening School, vice Miss A. J. Campbell; Miss
M. O'Malley, to Lincoln Evening School, vice
Mrs. M. Watson.
Miss H. Maguire, a special teacher in
the Business Evening School, and F. Mc-
Auliffe. a special teacher of Latin In the
Humboldt Evening School, were ois
missed. Saul Epstein, a teacher in the
Business Evening School, and Miss R.
F. Lewis a teacher In the Humboldt
Evening School, were placed upon the
evening unassigned list, without pay.
G. Bickel was approved a special teach
er of commercial arithmetic it; the Hor
ace Mann Evening School until June 16,
1899.
Mme. E. C. Gifford, a special teacher of
French in the Polytechnic High School,
was transferred to the Mission High
School at her request and Dr. E. J. Dv- ■
puy was elected special teacher of French !
in the Polytechnic High School at a com
pensation of $50 a month, to commence
July I, 1599.
Miss Lydia Carroll of the Mission High
School was placed on the unassigned list. ;
The head of the department of science
j of the Lowell High School was abolished. ■
Miss Alice C. Gregg, a teacher in the
Spring Valley School, was designated to
act as vice principal of said school during
the leave of absence of Principal Silas A.
' White, a substitute to be designated to
teach the ninth grade, vice Mrs. Taylor,
acting principal, during said leave of ab
sence. Miss Nora B. Hanley was desig
nated to act as principal of the Fremont
School during the leave of absence of
Miss Rose Goldsmith, principal of said
I school.
The board also resolved that the rule'
of promotion in chronological order should
not apply to special teachers in the Poly
technic and other high schools.
The salary of the janitor of the Mission
I High School was fixed at- $1.".<» per month
and the salary of the Humboldt Evening
School janitor at $50. The salaries of
janitors which were $22, $25 and $30 before
the recent reduction were restored. The
following changes in the janitor service
were made:
' J. Rosser, elected janitor of the Horace Mann ]
| School, vice Mrs. Burns, removed; F. Wilson, :
elected janitor- of the Adams School, vice Miss
Shields and Mrs. Kenney, removed; John Ros-
Biter elected janitor of the Redding School,
Ice Mrs. A. Walsh, removed; John Kavanagh,
elected Janitor of the Polytechnic High School.
vice Mrs. Cooper, removed; Mrs. Casey, elected
Janllress of the Mission Grammar School, vice
Mrs. B. ODea and Mrs. J. Mahoney, removed;
William Cormack, elected Janitor of the Girls'
High School, vice R. Maloney, removed.
According to School Census Marshal El
len's report, the number of school chil- !
(Inn between the ages of 5 and 17 is 72,292, \
or 944 less than appears by the sen
census of last year. The census for this
year shows an Increase of 1221 children :
i under live years of age over the figures -
given a year ago, the totals being 21,855
for 1898 and 23,070 for 1899. The totals for :
'. all ages up to 17 Is 98,368 for 1899, against
98.091 for 1898, or an Increase of 277.
The board appropriated $6000 for the ex
pense of taking the census and Mr. Ellert ;
will turn $1009 back into the school fund, j
something unprecedented in the history
of the department. A year ago an ap
propriation of over $8200 was entirely con
sumed, and even that amount did not
represent the entire cost of the school
census, which approximated $12,000. The
difference between the latter amount and
the appropriation was obtained through
a system of jugglery with the School De
partment funds, which only the mem
bers of the late and unlamented old board
can explain.
Although it appears by the figures given
in Mr. Ellen's report that the number of
school children in San Francisco between
the ages of 5 and 17 has decreased
slightly during the past year, such is not
the case. The apparent decrease is ac
counted for in the terse statement of Su
perintendent Webster that the census of
1899 is "an honest census." it is generally
understood that the census of 1898 was
padded in so far as it related to children
between the ages of 5 and 17 in order i
that the State allowance for school chil
dren between those ages might be in
creased.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, rooms 6-7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 11, 1899.
FOR OUR BRAVE
BOYS FIGHTING
IN THE ORIENT
Funds Provided for
Their Reception.
— » —
SONS AND DAUGHTERS HELP
- ♦
BRILLIANT ENTERTAINMENT IN
THE PAVILION.
4
Parlors of the Golden West Turn Out
in Strong Force to Prepare a
Welcome for the Gallant
First Regiment.
♦
Native Sons and Daughters flocked into
the Mechanics' Pavilion last night by the
thousands, and by the time the pro
gramme had got well under way there was
only standing room where everything
could be beard and where nothing could
be seen.
The entertainment was given - for the
purpose of raising funds to tender a re
ception to the First Regiment of Califor-
nia Volunteers on their return from Ma
nila. That the object was as popular as
it was worthy was abundantly proved by
the very large attendance— attendance
that equaled the best record of the spa
cious Pavilion.
There were music and drilling galore,
together with an address by Mayor Phe
lan, who said many pleasant and flatter
ing things about California and her brave
sons and handsome daughters— he being
one of the sons and appropriating both
adjectives. P*_B
The following was the programme:
Overture, American Republic," Native Sons' !
Band of San Francisco, K. D. Barton, direc- \
tor; opening address, Hon. James D. Phelan; I
California recruits, from Horace Mann School,
one platoon girls, one platoon boys (Captain
Georgie Barnes >, Professor George S. Mlehllng,
Instructor physical culture San Francisco
School Department, drill master; music by the
Hebrew Orphan Asylum Band; wand drill, by
thirty-two girls from the Richmond School
(Captain Gertrude Ayers). Professor George S.
Mlehllng, drill master; Miss Querita Vincent,
the great New York sensation cm- kind re
mission of Mr. Wallenstein); Naval Militia,
THE CITY HALL SUB=BASEMENT
FOUND TO BE A HUGE CESSPOOL
Plumbing Inspectors Exploring the Underground Lake of Sewage.
YESTERDAY it was discovered the City Hall stands over a bno-e, co««nrini oi-^, , tht? rltV S V __? Unent have been
building. For months many of the rooms v l ° the area ° £ the
almost uninhabitable because of the foul odors thit drift Zuh^L «fJ ~^ 1/. ° ity government have been
of the Auditor. Assessor, Tax Collector ? Ch7e_%^o^Zat^r^mT^T&%^\f^^T- The. offices
A haps a shade worse off in this respect than other departments and marTv cases r?f 1h ° f Su P« rvisors were .per
offenslve did the odors become the Board of Health Hn_llv took rn^n^n™ / serious Illness .have resulted. So
Plumbing Inspectors Ward and Kelly to make a thorough invesU^ insno" 1 ' ?£*"*, "'! , 3 ' "f"^ deta ! ,ed
The inspectors began their work in the sub-basemen under the Otv Prison but wore .l^r p,l,mbln ? in the building,
the open air because of the overpowering stench that filled tie loathsome St into w hi ,- h ,'i, for « d , I beat a retreat to
procuring medicated sponges to protect their mouths and nostrils they "mSe r n other dL,Sf y "^descended. After
in many places the sub-basement was filled to the depth of several feet wiV B ? , d< ? "".'• ■ and then «*»vered that
extended Investigation showed that many of the closets In Tt ildint Zntf T^l ?ntn t h foUlest description. A more
connection with the sewers. Several days will be required S^SStilV-_i^^r£; „'? ' hf ' , ',"'"' ,as,>mpnt and have no
members of the Board of Health it may be found nJcessary" to remove "V If v thS w * nd in the opinion of some
it with a new system. In the meantime it will be necessary to _fo__ an_^e_i &S ™ " U ' hUlldinpr and replace
is made for the betterment of the present condition of affairs. y ih ° Tooms until some »sion
Hales. I Hales. J Hales. [_ __5 al !l!l-^~— ~ — - J
a_ i—»—M—_««B»B— _acßMcaaa_nagni_ic_s—a_3_i— —■—■■■— _i_—_w— ws— _^g—_»g—a—_— fl
/jl^zßu A (&(S>&<£l3^^ ::^?>' 7 - S 4s Market.
/ V IK/ y Cfrole ° f f jH€^\
• , l^^^^ OUR SUIT DEPARTMENT. IV ' \®/\ ,
/// £2< A\ WASH SKIRTS— vacation trips, camping, mountains, seaside and country; white pique. *^V / A \[\ /f \\
Iff JERfei. \ ''"'" crash an white duck; lap seams and 6-inch hem; carefully made; , fl? 7#* N^vi. I V^Jf \\
111 n^~^ r<_s»N_^ : >s W Perfect fit; a natty little skirt, as neat and pretty as can be Each <P-« » " :^^e<t-__>_S :! * :^ \\
I &c.APPn^^A^f) \\ TAILOR SKIRTS— A neat black serge tailor skirt, with lap. seams, thoroughly <tfft AA Z^^r^^^ \\
/ <&* «Too<g d^T\ II : WeU Uned and Perfect lit; ready to-day at Each €J>O»W y^{f^ sT^^ \\
//l\^R_^?u \|'l // A large assortment of white lawn waists just arrived; tucked, embroidered and inserting; /? ST.- \w \\
II \\ " r^Jy V II very correct; ?l._r» to $«; ready to-day. // : _ V "Sf -J \\. \\
I \ i: \/ V\ / COVERT CLOTH OUTING SKIRTS— Similar to duck: In tans, blues and If $$/ (_T«^U
\\ I \\ // freent-.; we n tailored and fine fit; you'd expect to pay $125 and $150. At CI f\f\ I J» /£&. •> s *~} 1 _\_Nl\\ l
/ \,A.// Hales tJ>i#VfVr jjl Srx /gay 'f* tC \\
N^^J^:^^^^ Ask to see our ? s 50 TAFFETA SILK TAILOR-MADE SKIRT. II WftW ■ V X.'CIO^J/
P|=< Wash Goods Cut ™t g o, i Dress Lining Sale ™'^ \ft>^f
I if *^r n\ ahead. Cut to make room for younger Generally too staple tor lowered r^^^^vVy^
II ff '^fe "Vv members " rices - 1/
11 II ■ . . /S_h£^ \\ 3000 yards of PERCALE ON SALE TO- a 1 _. - — . ,/ /
\///^Xi \\ "AY at ' m 4->C BLACK TAFFETA SKIRT LINING, 36-Inch, J-_s=_=__Z_ 7/
\\ : (.SHIRT N^>Sira , i 11 or i„,. v , ru _. _. '" .... a thousand yards of a 10c line, on ft>/-» s^*-?/ """^^ //
\Rwa,st ) 7^y - w ifs.e in":.. fieu : f> " n Y.?;d 4ic ->• to - day at ;-i ard 4C f x^%€ //
ib 5 r OT/;0 T/ ; 1 //' H °gr^l^n^;.?d N ff^ t-.t.  f„ CANVAS LINING, In slate only: 750 yards of /^ S \\ //
\\n?Y ' // 's ?. i,\l„. ,V 0 .-'•' nr-^G-looks like our 15c and 20c lines on sale to-day: I f| r // *$L \ v //
\\VJ.r_>/ / ( 1 // grass linen; plaid effects for outing 71- n ii Unen Yard lUt ff ,-»'SSfr\ \C //
Vv / \ I dresses; very neat Yard CaC /V /l^l\ vv^-^\\ //
\\\ / 1 \ // SHIRT WAIST CAMBRIC, a special line for ENGLISH ALPACA, _ood for skirt linings, // 'AyHW /^twiT^ \\ //
HNS. / '/ \ // !,r ''' shlrt w:,ist^. combed yarn, |Q1- black only. 500 yards of the 25c line. 1 Or* // /^^K^-Xl T Cll //
\\\ / / \ A/ stripes and dots, very swell. .Yard I <4%\*\ 27 inches wide Yardta/w V > A__g > jjsKi(\T A //
National Guard of California, "artillery drill,"
platoon under command of Lieutenant T. S.
HarlO< Section officers, H. Peterson and G. E.
Kammerer: reserve officer. J. K. Burke; "Ar
tillerist's Oath" (Adams), Knickerbocker Quar
tet, Herbert Williams first tenor, C. M. Elliott
second tenor. D. B. Crane first bass, L. A.
Larsen second bass; display drill, by a platoon
from Alumni Drill Corps, Lieutenant C. F.
Seltz, commanding; music, by Hebrew Orphan
Asylum Band; Olympic Club, Moor work as seen
in the gymnasium, under the leadership of
John Hammersmith.
Dancing wound up a successful even
ing's entertainment.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
Fire in a Cigar Factory.
Early this morning the cigar factory
and store of M. Lichtenstein at 268 and
270 O'Farrel street was discovered to be
on fire by a lodger who occupied a room
over the place. An alarm was turned in
from box VI. but the Are was not gotten
under control until about $1000 worth of
stock had been destroyed. The fire is sup
posed to have started by the overturning
of a lamp. The building, which is a two
story frame, was not damaged to any
great extent. The upper floor is occupied
'as a lodging-house, and when the cry of
fire was raised there was a lively scram
ble among the guests for an exit.
The Sentinels.
The members of the new order, the Sen
tinels of the Universe, gave a very pleas
ing entertainment to a large number of
their friends in Union Square Hall. The
programme was made up of musical and
literary numbers and addresses by H. C.
Gesford and J. 1.. Geary Jr. a dance fol
lowed the programme.
Increased Indebtedness.
A certificate of creation and increase of
the bonded Indebtedness of the Contra
Costa Water Company was filed yester
day. The indebtedness was increased to
$1,500,000. The certificate was filed by J.
li. VVatkinson, chairman, and William 11.
Mead, secretary, of tin- special stockhold
ers' meeting.
3-Day Specials
Nothing unworthy and unreliable goes from
here, for the reason that we see to it that nothing
unworthy or unreliable ever enters our stores.
TEA, lb .' 40c
All kinds of the best teas.
New crop, carefully selected.
Regular price 60c.
CASTILE SOAP, French, bar..2sc
Regular price SOc.
CREAM CUSTARD, Burnham's,
pkg. 10c
Will produce ten cups of delicious
custard or two quarts of rich Ice cream
thai cannot be surpassed.
HEINZ'S SWEET PICKLES,
Best known bran" and pt. jaP 20c
of finest quality.
BRANDY, California, bot. 75c,
.' r 3 bots. $2.00 Gallon $3.00
Pure — medicinal.
Regular price $1 and ti-
PINEAPPLE, 3-lb tin 20c
Whole Singapore,
eyed and cored.
Regular price 25c.
Mail Orders Solicited. Send for Catalogue.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 552?. ! Telephone West 152.
♦o-»-o-»-o-»- o-e-o *-o -♦- o-*o-»-o-»-o-«-o-*o>
VICHY i
l H Natural Mineral Water |
♦ M known for centuries and ♦
_ J?*^_i Imported 0
o /4o8;. only IN BOTTLES. ♦
o JfflQKgk For disorders. Stomach ♦
♦ M and Indigestion ° ;
♦ , tiT J, il !s-S Its value has been t»sti- O
O Trfe~ii?ia? fied to by thousands. ♦
„ VICHY So-called Vichy in Sy- °
2 F~V«B_»T-- phons ♦
o |dsjK| IS NOT VICHY - ♦
♦ fp^rf^jff f> et the Genuine.
i. nfySfESEtt Your physician O
o f_s llUßfvM '" rei?ommend it. ♦
♦ 2^_S_^3 A. VIGNIER, Diatriintisg Agent °
■♦O-e-o-e-o-e-o-e-O-^o ♦ o-e-o-e-o ♦o-e-o-e-o-*'
Painless Dentistry.
isrHfTTjflP^ SEE OUR NEW
jfflnTFlesh -Colored
fflffA Wj Cannot be detected from
KM jk. Hn the natural teeth and gum,
W| lf» W thin and stronger than
Crowns. $3.50. Plates. $5. Filling. BOc.
ALL, WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth at.. Cor. Stevenson.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
...
* -S " u_C»
Ihoonan.l
I ON M1530N STFNt_T |
■$& open SIXTH. /£n I
[I jy open -venwcs
Eye Glasses
Exactly As
The oculist Intended— helpful, restful, perfect.
Becoming because modeled to harmonize with
the face of the wearer.
All with the new clip that doesn't slip (30
cents).
Oculists' prescriptions " filled— Factory on
premises— Quick repairing— Phone Main 10.
Bauscb & Lomb Zeiss Stereo Field Glasses,
Cameras and Photo Goods— the best only.
OPTIC.ANS< HOT >Sr.
642 Market st. instrument,
unfit r chomiCli BUMMMt.
000000000000000000
%*?.? PALACE A^o
° GRAND »°tels
" sah rrtAHCisco. "
Connected by a covered passageway.
O 1400 Room?— 900 wi h Bath Attached. ®
O All Under One Management. Q
0 NOTE TES PRICKS: O
0 European Plan. SI. per day and upward O
n American Plan.lfs.oo per day And upward _.
W Correspondence Solicited^ O
O JOHN 0. K:P._?ATRIC_. Kaaagar. O
000000000000000000
~DR. MCNULTY.
qiHIS WELL-KNOWN AND :;KI.I \:'.l EOLD
i Specialist cure.? Private, Nervous, and Blood Uis-
eases o; Men only. RooU on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over SPy'rs' experience.
Pntlents cured at Home. Terms reasonable, IlnursD
to 3 daily; ISO to 9:30 ev'gs.Buiid . - iOto]„ t 'onrul-
tattoo free and sacredly confidential Call.oraddress
P. «OS((»K Mo*«ILTY. 11. D.
20'^ Kearny St., San Ib'ranriHOO. Cal.
/^^_____S____^^
ll - B PATENTSI J
\JjLT__) — nr— rrTf ■■ii_Oci J f
MARKET ST. S.F.>=-^ __
Weak Men and Women
&UOUL.JJ rsi: h,\.m:.\.sa BITTERS, THB
,w * great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs^ Depot. 323 Market.