VOLUME LXXXT-NO, 90.
AGUINALDO IS READY TO QUIT,
GERMANY MAY MAKE TROUBLE
THE FILIPINOS
SAY THEY WANT
NO MORE FIGHT
Eight Thousand of Them Are
Now More Than Willing to
Lay Down Their Arms.
MANILA, Feb. ij. — Two Spanish commissioners,
Senores Rosario and Obogado, who were permitted to pass
through the American lines and confer with Aguinaldo
with reference to the Spanish prisoners at Malolos, returned
through the lines this morning, near Caloocan, with sealed
dispatches for the Spaniards.
The commissioners said that Aguinaldo and Santico
were both at Malolos and inclined to listen to pacific over
tures. While the Filipinos are not yet prepared to surren
der the Spanish prisoners, they will gladly release two Amer
icans who have been held for six weeks on payment of
$30. the value of the food and clothing furnished to them.
Shortly after the envoys came in the rebels sent in a
flag of truce. Bornelli. comandante in Fernando la Cruz,
and several hundred of the enemy left the Filipinos' lines
crying:
"No quiere mas combate. Americanos
muchos buenos." [Don't want any more
fighting. Americans very good.]
They were met by a party from the American side, and
the comandante said that fully 8000 of his men had had
enough and were anxious to surrender. Among the enemy
in the jungle many women and children were visible. A
woman laid down her rifle and attempted to cross with the
flag of truce party, but she was sent back.
After the party returned to the American lines the
enemy on the right fired a volley, the bullets dropping at
their feet.
WAPHTXOTON 1 , Feb. BT. -It
seems to be assumed in official
cir<--'if»s h^re that the arrival of
the German cruiser Kaiserin
Augusta at Manila is the cause
of \h* puzzling message of Admiral
Dewey asking for the Oregon, which
the department was so indiscreet as to
make public. This is the flagship of
Admiral yon Diedrich, with whom there
was trouble in the early days of our
occupation of Manila Bay. It is known
to the Berlin Government that the
Washington officials have had reason
to bu man agents at Hongkong
of lending encouragement and even
material Btipport to the Filipino rebels.
It is clear, too. that the coming of the
Kaiserin Augusta at this time will be
considered favorable to their cause by
the rebels. For these reasons the Berlin
authorities, if they are as anxious to
convince America that they are friendly
as Embassador White represents them
to be, should run have detailed this
particular commander to watch events
at Manila at close range.
Evidently Admiral Dewey believes
that trouble may grow out of it. He
has had too much experience with this
German admiral to feel comfortable in
his presence.
War Department officials are gener
ally satisfied with conditions in the
island as indicated in the press dis
,es. Everything tends to show
that no more trouble need be feared in
the Visayan Islands, where the Ameri
can Hag floats over Iloilo, Cebu and the
inland of Negros.
Around Manila, however, apart from
the difficulties which are thought to be-
F^t Admiral Dewey in. the harbor
through the attempted interference by
other powers, the conditions are not so
favorable and a dispatch announcing a
more disastrous battle than has yet
been fought would not be received as
a surprise at the War Department, not
withstanding reports that many insur
gents have shown a disposition to sur
render.
It is thought probable here that Agul
naldo's leaders are desirous of making
a last desperate effort to get within the
American lines, burn Manila and do
whatever other damage they can before
" the arrival of reinforcements which
they know to be on the way. The
Grant, according to yesterday's dis
patches from General Lawton, will
reach Manila about March 12. She will
be followed by the Sherman and Sheri
dan and by April 15 all of the troops
now on the way to the islands will have
landed, according to the calculation of
the officials here.
The medical force now on the islands
is believed to be sufficient for ordinary
purposes and to meet any demands of
the future. The hospital ship Relief,
which will sail from New York direct
for Manila by the Suez route in a day
'or two, will carry 150 picked men from
the hospital corps and about ten doc
tors will also be aboard. This is in ad
dition to the regular equipment of doc
tors and nurses of the Relief. The ves
sel will be placed at the disposal of
General Otis, either as a floating hos
pital or for use in transferring the sick
and convalescent to the Federal hos
pital now under way at San Francjsco.
The Relief if loaded with all the medi
cal supplies that she can carry, though
there has been no official call from the
Philippines for such supplies. The au
. thorities there .have full authority to
obtain . al! supplies of any character
that are wanted wherever they can be
bought. Lieutenant Colonel "Woodhuli,
deputy surgeon general, is now en
route across the continent for duty as
chitf surgeon at Manila.
The San Francisco Call.
-The officiate of the War -Department
were asked to-day why General Otis
had refused to recognize the commis
sioners who had come to Manila from
i the insurgent headquarters at Malolos
when they came to seek peace. The
reply was that General Otis was act
ing with the greater propriety In this
matter. He was careful not to commit
his Government to any recognition of
Agulnaldo that would make a prece
dent, and then there was always the
best of reasons for withholding confi
dence in every act of the insurgents
j where the placing of trust would im
peril American lives and interests.
The Filipino insurgents will have no
difficulty, in securing amnesty, it- is
said, if they lay down their arms and
; submit unconditionally, for there is no
purpose on the part of the American
commanders to wreak vengeance upon
a submissive foe."
In addition to military reasons why
General Otis should be very cautious in
entering into any entangling negotia
j tions with the insurgents, there is the
I ever-present danger that he might by
failing to be cautious in this particu
j lar give to some jealous foreign power
i a pretext for formal recognition of the
i insurrection with all the embarrassing
I consequences likely to follow.
♦
THEY LET THE REBELS
THROW AWAY BULLETS
MANILA, Feb. 27, 5:30 p. m.— The in
surgents have been comparatively in
active for the past two days. Except
for occasional shots from the jungle
near Caloocan, at San Pedro and alone
the river, all was quiet along the
American lines last night. The troops
have become so used to thiß idle night
firing of the rebels that they give it no
attention.
Rebel sharpshooters also continue
their efforts to annoy the American
troops in the daytime. They are al
lowed to waste their ammunition with
little attention until they appear In the
open. Then a single volley, or a shell
generally suffices to drive them to
cover.
In this city absolute quiet prevails.
The order to clear the streets at 7
o'clock has had an excellent effect upon
the natives, and it is enforced rigidly.
The streets are deserted after. 7 o'clock
by all save the patrols and European
residents with passes on business.
Brigadier General King is ill with
gastritis and has been relieved by
Brigadier General Lloyd Wheaton, for
merly colonel of the Twentieth In
fantry.
Advices from the rebel lines 'say the
I most fantastic reports of American
i losses during and since the fires are
| circulated by the rebel leaders. The
Filipinos are told the Americans had
■ 200 men killed and hundreds wounded
| during and since the fires.
Advices from Iloilo say all is quiet
i there. The natives who fled at the
• landing of the Americans are returning
!to Iloilo and many are taking the
, oath of allegiance.
The Charleston and Concord are
i patrolling the island in search of fill
i busters.
The Insurance agencies, after confer
ence and receiving instructions from
their home offices, have decided to ac
cept war risks at an additional prem
ium of 5% per cent. Most of the In
surance companies here are English.
Alford Admitted to Bail.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 27.— William Al
forfl. charged with the murder of Jay E.
Hunter, on the 13th inst., was admitted
to ball in the sum of $8000 by Judge Smith
to-day. Alford's claim of self-defense
was established at the Coroner's inquest
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1899.
RIDZIWILL
SITS HE WAS
MISQUOTED
German Prince Repudiates
the Interview Published
ill La Liberte.
FRIENDLY TO AMERICA
Declares He Did Not Utter Any
Remarks Denunciatory of the
United States.
Special Cable to The Call anfl the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Oordon
Bennett.
BERLIN. Feh. 27.— Copies of the Her
ald containing the reported interview
with Prince Radziwil! arrived this
morning. It caused much antonishment
in political circles that the Prince could
have uttered any such idea concerning
the United Sta^/s.as that Europe should
make a coalition against her.
The Prince, when I saw him at his
palace in Pariser Platz, was most as
tonished of all and exceedingly an
noyed. He said that his feelings re
garding the United States were echoed
by what Baron yon Bulow recently said
in the Reichstag — nothing but the most
friendly. He further declared he had
not talked to any one -for publication
and certainly not in the sense Indicated.
He said later in the day to one of the
Ministers of State that he had made
some friendly remarks abiut France,
but even those especially referring to
the sentiment of the Emperor were nut
uttered. The whole interview was
grossly exasperated.
Later the Prince sent to me the fol
lowing letter for publication:
To the Special Correspondent of the
New York Herald: .In answer to your
question about the interview I can as
sure you that you could not 'be more as
tonished than myself by the article of La
Liberte. I received M-. Salanson in Paris
because of the recommendation of a
friend and because I thought it was a
personal affair. M. Salanson found a
third person in my room. There was a
short general conversation, but I had no
idea I was being interviewed.
I have certainly not said any word
which could be interpreted in a sense un
friendly for the relations of Germany and
the United States. I decline any respon
sibility in the article of La Liberty.
PRINCE ANTHONY RADZIWILL.
At the Foreign Office, Baron yon Bu
low being shut up studying the budget
for to-morrow, I was received by Baron
yon Richthafen, Under Secretary of
State, who frankly and briefly said the
Foreign Office looked upon the part re
ferring to the United States in the in
terview as a mere invention, untrue and
FAILING TO WIN IT BY FAIR MEANS. THE MEXICAN WILL TRY FOUL.
SMALL NEED FOR
MORE TROOPS AT
THE PHILIPPINES
Volunteers Will Be Ordered Home
When the Regulars Now En
Route Get to Manila.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— The Washington corre
spondent of the Herald telegraphs: Serious consideration
was given by the President, Secretary Alger and Adjutant
General Corbin at a conference to-day to the question of
sending additional reinforcements to General Otis. I un
derstand the three transports now at New York or en
route there, the Logan, Thomas and Bufford, will be re
fitted for use in transporting troops to the Philippines,
while arrangements will also be made for sending troops
from San Francisco.
There are now about 8000 troops on their way to Ma
nila, and as General Otis has not asked for any additional
men there is apparently no need for haste in dispatching
more. The volunteers will be brought back on the trans
ports which are carrying the regulars to Manila.
No report from General Otis except a list of casual
ties has been received since Saturday, and the authorities
think that no important developments have occurred. They
are certain that no foreign marines have been landed, or
General Otis or Admiral Dewey would have tele
graphed.
Secretary Long denied to-day the report that the lowa
had been ordered to proceed to Manila. The lowa needs
repairs to her machinery, and before she goes to Manila
will be docked in Puget Sound and have bilge keels af
fixed to her bottom. She cannot leave for the Philippines
in less than two months except in an extraordinary emer
gency.
in no way reflecting German sentiment,
which is friendly in every way and in
regard to the Samoan question ready
to arrange matters amicably as might
seem best for all concerned.
SPAIN TO HAVE A
WAR INVESTIGATION
MADRID, Feb. 27.— The Senate to
day, by a vote of 130 to 7, approved the
motion of Marshal Martinez de Cam
pos, signed by all the Spanish generals
fn the Senate, demanding- a Parliamen
tary inquiry into the conduct of the
recent war. The Government supported
the motion and Count d'Alemenas
strongly opposed it.
Major Barrington Dead.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 27— Major P. 1.. Bar
rington, proprietor of the Democrat, a
weekly paper here, Ifl dead, aged 47. He
was a native of Pennsylvania, and but
little is known of his history. He leaves
no family so far as is now known.
BURNS TREATED
TO A HOT ROAST
IN CONFERENCE
An Oratorical Castigation That Is
Unusual for Senatorial
Candidates.
CAUCUS IDEA FULLY VENTILATED
Honest Legislators Want Everything to Be Fair and
Above Board and Are Unwilling to Pnrsne Dark
Lantern Methods to Break the Deadlock.
© — ©—©—©• — 0 — — © — — ©— ©— © — © — O — © — — • — ©
© /"^ ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. 27.— Late to- £
I I night the Grant and Burns forces, meeting separately, de-
T \^/ cided to attend another session of the conference of Republi- O
0 can legislators. If an agreement cannot bo reached to adjust the 9
1 questions involved outside of a caucus, the: anti-Burns forces may -
J. adjourn the conference sine die and take other measures to break |
© the deadlock. .. .* \] \' ©
©-©—©—©-©—©—©—©—©—©—©—©—•—©-©—©—©-©—• — •-©-©
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 27.— The much-heralded
conference of Republican legislators
was held at 4 o'clock this afternoon,
and the result was a catch-as-catch
can contest in which Senators and As
semblymen vied with each other in
dealing Dan Burns such an oratorical
castigation as seldom falls to the lot of
a candidate for the high office of
United States Senator.
Assemblymen Dibble and Johnson
made a feeble effort to protect their
chief, but the odds against them were
too great. One after another the mem
bers took a shy at the Candelaria can
didate and denounced his caucus
•PRICE FIVE CEBITS.
scheme as a method by which he hoped
to defeat the wishes of the people of
the State. It was decidedly a bad day
for Burns.
As far as actual results are concerned
the conference did not develop any
thing. There was much oratory, a few
suggestions, a deal of beating about
the bush, and then all agreed to ad
journ to meet again to-morrow after
noon at the same hour. Eighty mem
bers were present.
Early In the day the anti-Bums
men, consisting of the followers of
Senatorial candidates other than the
! Mexican, believed that Burns would
make an attempt to have one of his
voters selected as the chairman of the
conference. j Accordingly word was2
GOVERNOR GAGE INDULGES
IN SARCASM ON LEGISLATORS
The Executive Thinks a Little Grammar School Educa
tion Would Be of Benefit.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 27. — Governor Henry T. Gage has come out of
the north. He came on tfce owl train and hied himself at once to his
Downey ranch. He caw George Denis for a brief hour and with a re
porter discussed affairs of state, men and trifles with an abandon that
was the very antithesis of the Gageism during the campaign.
"I believe that the State would be far better off," said the Gover
nor, "if not one of these bills that have been passed should become
law. I say I think the State would be better off."
There was no mistake about what the Governor said. He repeated
the remark, and was most emphatic In condemning: the mass of legis
lation supposed to be enacted for the benefit of mankind.
"I do not wish," continued the Governor, "to condemn any piece of
legislation in particular. My views on the subject of legislative char
acter have reached the public through my veto messages."
"How is it you vetoed the Australian bug law and then changed your
opinion?"
"My position on this matter has been misstated. The bill was in
such a horrible state when it was first presented to me that I could
not possibly sign it. By the provisions of the first bill the expert could
have gone to Paris and had a good, time in the Bois de Boulogne in
stead of chasing the nimble Australian bug in the land of the leaping
kangaroo." The Governor audibly chuckled as he reflected.
"Some gentlemen who draw up bills do not know what they are
doing." the Governor remarked.
"You think that a little preliminary course at a law college ought
to precede a debut in the legislative ring?"
"I think that a little common grammar school education would work
wonders for these gentlemen," said the Governor.
"There are a great many bills with which I am heartily in sympathy,
but which I have been compelled to veto. Bills have been drawn up so
carelessly and display so incredible an amount of ignorance that it
would have been folly for me to do anything but veto them."
"What do you think of the anti-cartoon bill?"
"I signed the bill. That shows what I think of it."
"But was not the whole business a little hurried?"
'■Not at all. I keep right up with my business. I was ready for the
anti-cartoon bill when it came."
' In reply to a question about patronage the Governor says he is not
giving the subject any attention. In regard to "Whittler patronage, he
had received innumerable applications. Due consideration would be
given each application as it came up in its proper order.
passed around and an agreement en- |
tered into to support Senator Flint, one
of Bard's supporters, for chairman, and
Assemblyman Lardner, a Barnes man,
for secretary. This agreement was
carried out to the letter, though it :
proved to be unnecessary, as the Burns 1
men were too clever to provoke a con
test at the very beginning of opera
tions by putting forward a candidate
for chairman and supporting him with
their full voting strength.
The conference was held in the As
sembly chamber after the afternoon
adjournment. The first act of the
meeting was the selection of Senator
Dickinson as temporary chairman, an
act of courtesy due to him as the ac
knowledged promoter of the conference
scheme. Permanent organization was
then effected by the election of Flint
as chairman and Assemblyman Lard
ner as secretary without contest. As
semblyman Devoto of San Francisco '<
was chosen to act as sergeant-at-arms,
and Assemblyman Kenneally of San
Francisco was selected to act as door
keeper. The conference being Uiub
formally organized, the fun began.
The Burns faction was arrayed solid
ly against every proposition to make
the procedings public. From first to last
they demanded that secrecy character
ize the meeting, and when Crowder of
San Diego, ope of Grant's adherents,
moved to admit the press a one-voiced
roar went up from the ranks of the
man who, at the opening .of thi3 fight,
asked, nay, demanded, thalt the light of
day be turned full upon every act of
his that might transpire.
Crowder's motion was seconded by
Radeliff of Santa Cruz, who is also of
the Grant alignment, and when the
question was put there was a hot fight,
and eventually a successful one, made
against it by the Burns push. Short
ridge of Santa Clara spoke rabidly
against any such proposition. He said
that to do so would be to- tear from the
niches the most sacred traditions of the
Republican party, and in other as ele
gantly turned phrases he did Burns'
bidding. He was ably assisted by Bel-
B ha\v of Contra Costa, of Bulla's forces,
who moved that the motion be laid
upon the table, and then the question
was loudly called for by the Burns
clique, and Belshaw's motion to table'
was carried by a vote of 48 to 31.
Melick of Pasadena said that he had
come into the conference under the
promise that no vote was to be binding,
and that they could take as many votes
as they saw fit, and he would give a
report out to the press if he chose to do
60.
Assemblyman Cosper of Tulare
opened the ball by telling what he did
not know about breaking a Senatorial
deadlock. He called the attention of
the members to the fact that the Legis
lature has been in session for almost
two months and has as yet failed to
elect a United States Senator, as was
its duty. He told at some considerable
length of the welfare of the Republican
party now at stake and pointed out the
necessity of electing a Republican Sen
ator at the present session of the Leg
islature in order to preserve for the
party the full measure of victory gained
At the recent election.
"We are members of the Republican
party," vouchsafed Mr. Cosper, "and.
as such, it is our duty to stand with
William McKinley in this hour when
he is most in need of every good Re
publican. It is our duty to indorse his
policy in the past and his policy for the
future and to do so we must send rep
resentatives to Washington who are in
accord with him and his plans. More
than ever it is our duty to send this
year a representative to the United
States Senate. The people demand it
and so does the administration. This
■deadlock must not 'continue; we must
•end it and do our duty by our country
»nd party and there is only one way to
do it; the good old way by wnich Re
publicans have settled their difficulties
ever since there has been a party— by
caucus. We should caucus on this mat
ter as we have in the past and let the
choice of the majority be the chdice of
ttfl all."
Senator Davis of Amador was not in
.favor of this idea, and said so in words
that could not be misunderstood.
"This is not a question of harmony,
'as Senator Morehouse puts it," he said.
"It is not a question of McKinley, as
Mr. Cosper has just said in his remark
able speech, nor a question of any one
else. It is not as much a question of
Bending some one to the Senate as who
we shall send there. The people of
this State do not so much demand of
us that we send some one to the Senate
as that we send a man there who will
properly represent this State, and we
cannot do that by going into caucus.
Caucus means the election of just one
nian, and despite all that has been said
I know that the people of this State do
not want a caucus at such a price.
"It has been painfully apparent that
these newspaper demands for a secret
ballot have been inspired. The inspira
tion was more than evident, and the
source from which they have eman
ated had been laughably plain to any
one who would see it. Mr. Cosp&r ap
peals to party traditions and party
custom to uphold him in his plea for a
caucus, but never before has the party
been so assailed as now, and to protect
the party and do the will of the peo
ple of this State there must be no cau
cus and we must keep out of one. Let
this matter be settled on the floor of the
house. Let Mr. Burns and Mr. Grant
withdraw from this flgh^ since they
only serve to prevent the selection of
a representative. Leave the field clear
to men who are wanted. That is the
one way to settle this question. Let
the leaders withdraw. It is already de
monstrated that the little fellows can- j
not win and they do no harm. The |
votes that are needed for this State's j
good are held by men who cannot win
apd who are not wanted."
Senator Cutter echoed the attack of
Senator Davis upon Burns and his
mouthpiece, Cosper. He said there was i
only one candidate who wanted a cau- j
cus. That had been clearly demon- !
strated in the persistent refusal of the j
others to entertain any such proposi
tion, and he said by the same token j
that if caucus was the scheme he was
prepared to say for them that they j
would refuse again. The caucus propo
sition could benefit but one man, and
that man the people of the State of Cal- j
ifornia had said they did not want and !
would not have.
"The people of this State," said he, ;
"do not so much want some one elected i
as they want the right man elected, and !
we cannot do that, it is evident, by go- |
Ing into caucus."
Senator Cutter denounced the caucus ;
proposition as a scheme advocated for
the purpose of promoting the candidacy
of a particular man. What men could
do in caucus they could do in open con- 1
vention, he said, and those who were !
anxious to get behind the closed doors j
of a caucus to cast their votes must be :
necessarily actuated by some ulterior j
motive. He believed that the proper I
and the only way to settle the question
was on the floor of the Joint assembly,
where every man's action would be nec
essarily open and aboveboard. If a :
man has convictions, he said, and is not
ashamed of them, he does not fear to
express them in the hearing of all men.
Then came Melick of Pasadena, who
votes for Bulla. It was he who origi
nated the "caucus for the tail-enders,"
who met but once and then made no j
contribution to history. He had a solu- |
tion, two in fact, for the present quan
dary.
"I agree with Senator Morehouse," |
.said Mr. Melick, "we want harmony in
the party, but we want to get it fairly 1
and aboveboard. We cannot get it ;
by going into a caucus that would have ;
but one result—"
'Why?" yelled Dibble, and "Why?"
yelled Grovel Johnson.
"Because," shouted Melick, "caucus
means the election of just one man and
he is not the man the people of this
State want. If this deadlock can be j
broken it Is by one of two ways:
"Let the leaders in this fight— Burns
and Grant— resign from the lists. They
cannot be elected and that this is a
deadlock at the present day is due
solely to the fact that they will not 1
withdraw. Let them withdraw and |
leave the field clear to a man who will <
be satisfactory to the people. If they |
will not do this let us hold a caucus on
the floor of the House, an open caucus
with nothing of secrecy to it and one at
which the vote of sixty members of the
majority shall be necessary to carry
any question that may come up. That
is a fair proposition and one that I j
think would break this deadlock, and 1
.satisfactorily, too."
"Jt would suit me if all the candi
dates should resign, " said Johnson,
"we will pull out— I move we now ad
journ until 4 o'clock to-morow after
noon and — "
"I don't see why we should adioura
to to-morrow afternoon," interupted
Cutter, "nothing has been gained by
this conference and nothing can be that
I can see — " . . .
"Something is gained when Mr. 1
Melick approves of a caucus with sixty i
voting as a maiorjty." retorted John
son, and then the chairman was al
lowed to put the vote and the proposi
tion to meet again at 4 o'clock to-mor
row afternoon was carried.
DIBBLE'S CONTROL
OF LEGISLATION
IS NOW BROKEN
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- !
MENTO, Feb. 17.— The control which As- :
semblyman Dibble has exercised over all j
legislation and which since the session |
of ISB9 he has held by the virtue of nq |
more stable power than that of" pure ar- |
rogance, is finally and completely broken, j
As an emulator of Czar Reed Dibble has
been a proportionate success. His chair- ]
manship of the Committee on Rules and j
the almost infallible knowledge of par- j
iiamentary law and usage which he has ;
held over his fellow-members of that j
body have enabled him to make it neither I
more nor less than a steering committee j
for the suppression of the measures of the
unfavored and for the furtherance of the
bills of the wise ones who were of suffi
cient strength and standing to be able to :
offer reciprocal favors.
The files have been almost altogether at ;
his disposal, and so cleverly has he ex- <
ercised his arrogated prerogatives that !
not until the beginning of this last fort- |
night did the green ones of this session
come to an understanding of his system. !
Then It was his own delegation, the
San Franciscans, who took the first step
toward breaking him. They got their
knowledge of Dibble's file manipulation
from Caminettti of Amador, who one day
arose to ask Dibble for an exposition of
the "special Urgency file" and its relation
to the Second and third reading files, j
Mr. Dibble did not explain, but Caminettl
did, ingeniously and politely. In fact he j
threw down the whole scheme.
Next day a type-written agreement em- i
anated from the San Francisco delega
tion binding every one who signed it to
prevent Dibble, in so far as. should be
possible, from playing engineer to the ;
whole legislative machine, and to kill off
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1899.
as rapidly as they should come up all of
Dibble's pet measures.
The agreement got between twenty-five
and thirty signers, and Dibble s machine
has not been working on greased wheels
since
In their assault, the San Franciscans
were materially aided by Grove Johnson.
In fact. Dibble's troubles had their be
ginning when he went against Johnson
for the leadership of the House in the
early days of the session. The Represen
tative from Sacramento is easily the peer
of the San Franciscan as a parliamenta
rian, and in that quiet, tear-stained voice
of his has more than once came out best
in a battle of wits. Valentine of Los An
geles, who leads the southern forces. Is
another backer, though he knows noth
ing of the written agreement.
It was Valentine, in fact, who gave Dib
ble's control its knock-out blow, and la
no quiet or lady-like language.
It all came out over the financial trou
bles of the city of Placerville, and it hap
pened just before and just after the ses
sion convened this morning. Dibble over
stepped himself, and his dethroning is the
penalty. '  , 
At the request of Drury Melone. the
Napa capitalist. Dibble last week offered
in the Assembly bill 839, which provides
that when municipalities have not held
a general election for more than two
years the Governor shall forthwith ap
point the officials necessary to the oper
ation of the city's government and that
they shall hold office and call a regular
election in due time for the selection of
their successors. On its face the bill pro
vides a general law. In its intent it Is
nothing more than special legislation di
rected at the city of Placerville. The
bonds which that town issued in 1864. to
the amount of $34,500. upon an agreement
which the railroad did not keep, to put
its road through from Folsorn to Placer
ville, are now in the hands of Drury Me
lone, an agent for the original holders.
The alleged debt, with accrued interest
now amounts to $260,000, and it is this dab
of money that Melone and Dibble want to
collect by special enactment.
The Judiciary Committee, of which Dib
ble is a leading member, recommended
that the bill pass upon a BhOrt feplatia^
tion by Dibble, who made no allusion to
Placerville. Assemblyman Raw of El Do
rado, and Valentine, were both out to
kill the measure and were waiting for
the committee to take it up. but contrary
to usual procedure they were not noti
fied The bill was sneaked through and
nothing said. The first intimation of It
had by its friends was its sudden appear
ance in the file!'. Valentine called upon
Dibble to explain such work, and the
clever chairman of the Rules Committee
was quick to promise that when It came
along on the second reading file he would
have it referred to committee and thera
either killed or recommended not to
pass. Saturday it came up duly on the
second reading file and Just before it was
considered Valentine was called out of
the chamber. He left the bill in Cami
netti's hands. Another minute, however,
Caminetti, too, whs hurriedly called, and
relying upon Dibble, who was in the
chair to keep promise, he left the room.
Raw of Placerville was absent. When
the bill came on Dibble, instead of mak
ing his word good, announced that Val
entine and Raw were absent, but that
they desired him to say they had no ob
jection, and he suggested that it be read
and passed to the third reading file. Tak
ing him In good faith, the House followed
his suggestion.
Valentine met Dibble before the House
convened this morning and gave him a
thorough calling down. ■ It was a red
hot row and it was renewed by Valen
tine on the floor after the session was be
gun. He openly accused Dibble of bad
faith and would not quiet until Dibble
made emphatic promise that the bill
should be at once rereferred.
It was the most glaring expose that has
yet been made: of Dibble's methods and
if there were any in the House unlearned
before it provided the needed lesson. It
was laughed and talked over for an hour
pfterward. Valentine, who has frequent
ly balked the San Franciscan at other
times, is in a fair way to be promoted
from the leadership of the Los Angeles
delegation to the position Dibble has
usurped as leader on the floor of the
whole House.
SENATORS INDULGE IN
MUCH TALK ON BILLS
PAT.L, HEADQUARTERS,
MENTO, Fob. 27.— The rider to Stratton's
primary election law was passed in the
Senate this morning after some discussion
and two votes in the negative. The ftrig
inal hill provided that clerks who, having !
been duly appointed, refused to act or j
failed to report for duty should be fined
or imprisoned or both. The Governor ob
jected to such a severe possible punish
ment, and said so. It was not desired,
however, to delay the bill, which in other j
respects the Governor favored, so it was
agreed that another bill repealing the
punishment clause in the first bill and
substituting only a fine should he intro
duced in the Legislature and passed. This j
bill was introduced last week, and this j
morning Stratton called it up on an urgen
cy resolution. It was read a second and
third time -and was passed all in ten min
utes. Smith and Davis voted no because
they could not approve of such a pro
cedure.
The Societies for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals were given a slight roast
this afternoon under the consideration of
some amendments to Assembly bill 5 re
garding the' payment of tines. Under the
present law fines from the conviction of
offenders whom it is the duty of the so
cities to suppress go to the society first
formed in the county. An amendment to
this proceeding was proposed, providing
that fines should go to the society making
the arrest. Another amendment diverting
all fines to the school fund was also pro-
Eosed, and this was added to the bill. The
ill itself is a blanket affair "dealing gen
erally with the regulation of such socie
ties
When the bill came up as amended an
other amendment was submitted placing
the law where it was, that is diverting all
fines to the society first formed.
Senator Boyce, chairman of the Com
mittee on Public Morals, was the first to
wax eloquent. He declared the committee
amendment was a means to allow one
society in San Francisco to slaughter an
other He criticized the majority of his
own committee in reporting such an
amendment. The law as it stands suits
those counties where there is but one such
society and the outside members closed
in to take a whack at the rival organiza
tion of San Francisco The spectacle of
humane societies making a specialty of
humstnity for pay was commented 09.
The country members were evidently of
the .opinion that no chestnut of the San
Francisco societies should be pulled from
the fire by them. The time for the con
sideration of Assembly bills having passed
the bill had to go over without action, but
\t will come up again.
Senator Luchsinger's bill to provide for
ttte licensing. o f architects w;a-s passed to
third reading this evening, after weather
ing a vote to deny it a second reading.
The bill provides for a Board of Archi
tects which will examine all who desire
to enter the profession of architecture
and Issue a license to those competent. It
was objected to by Smkh and others as
being on a par w-ith the bills licensing
barbers, horseshoers and plumbers— a re
striction on the profession and not proper
bill appropriating *RO.
--000 for the completion of the State Normal
School at San Diego was passed to third
reading after being cut down to $4d.000.
Senator Rowell's bill relating to assess
ments of property was also passed to
third reading, and survived an attack in
the shape of a motion to deny it engross
ment. Among other provisions was one
which provided for the assessment of all
dep'oslts in commercial banks on March 1
of each year, and it was upon this provi
sion that the opposition showed itself.
SENATORS STILL TALK
ON SAVING TIME
call Headquarters, saqra-
MENTO, Feb. 27.— The Senate took up it.B
favorite subject this afternoon— the ques
tion of rules. It was an interesting point,
too, the further cutting- of the limit of a
speech from ten minutes to five and from
twenty to ten for of bills under
Senator Shortridge was first to rise in
defense of his right to speak as long as he
pleased. He thought five minutes alto
gether too short a time for any Senator to
air his views. Senator Smith was the most
bitter opponent of the rule, and in support
of his opposition he cited the veto mes
sages of the Governor which were piling
up. Each one, he said, bore a reproach to
the Senate for hasty or ill-considered ac
tion. He said the Senators were not ad
dicted to long speeches, and he did not
believe in limiting them.
Morehouse did not wish to be silenced
either. He believed in discussing meas
ures with due deliberation, and when they
THE SAME OLD VOTE
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SAC-
P-AMENTO, Feb. 27.— Just one bal
lot was taken at noon to-day and
there was little interest shown in
that. The conference of this af
ternoon was the topic of all-ab
sorbing Interest and the hour for
balloting was taken up by Dibble
of San Francisco and Jake Step
pacher in circulating the call to
the conference among those mem
bers who were still holding out.
Every one but Judge Clough, Con
rey and Le Barron signed before
the vote was announced and Step
pacher left for the Senate.
The vote was as follows:
BARNES B
ESTEE i *
BULLA H
BURNS 26
GRANT 28
BARD 3
SCOTT 2
DE VRIES (D.) 1
ROSENFELD (D.) 2
WHITE (D.) 23
PHELAN (D.) 1 4
were of sufficient importance without re
gard to time. . ,
In support of his position he read from
Assembly bill 6, which, after being con
sidered by the Assembly, had been passed,
and yet a clause allowing the sale of an
animal "or any part thereof" to satisfy
a lien had been left in the bill.
Shortridge spoke again on his oft-re
peated theme, "Trivial Legislation. he
said the trouble lay in the number of
bills needlessly introduced, not in tne
speech-making. . ..
The rule was adopted, however, and the
Senators must cut short their remarks.
The rule recommended by the commit
tee, providing for the consideration of tno
special files and the third reading, brought
more useless talk, for it. too. was adopt
ed. It was pointed out that the rule made
no provision for the consideration of the
second reading file, and come of the Sena
tors objected to being compelled to place
their bills awaiting second reading on the
special file. It did no good to object, how
ever, for the lule was adopted.
ASSEMBLY ROUTINE
WENT SMOOTHLY ON
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 27.— The Committee on Cor
porations rendered to the Assembly this
morning a report ifoon all the bills that
have been before it looking to the curtail
ing of the rights and assumed privileges
of the big corporations.
Assembly bill 810, by Crowder of San
Diego, provides a uniform maximum rate
for telephone instruments and telephone
service in this State. It was reported with
out recommendation.
Assembly bill %0, also by Crowder, es
tablishes a uniform rate Of 3 cents per
mile on all railroads in California for first
class travel, and a rate of 2ft cents per
mile on second class travel. It was re
ported as was its companion measure.
Mr. Crowder also introduced -Assembly
bill 9*61. which provides that no railroad or
sleeping car company shall allow the up
per berth of a section to be lowered unless
the same has b.een sold. This last bill of
Mr. Crowder's was killed off in the same
quiet and painiess manner as its fellows.
The Committee on Rules and Regula
tions offered a report which • fixes the
evenings of Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday of this week as the time for the
consideration of the appropriation bills on
the Ways and Means Committee's special
urgency file. The evenings flrst decided
upon were Monday, Tuesday and Wednes
day. The third reading file has been
made the order for this and to-morrow
evening.
Assembly bill 192, which provides for a
laundry, heating ilight ana power plant
for the. Home for Feeble-minded Children,
was ricommend^d to pass by the Com
mittee on Ways and Means, as was also
Assembly bill 252, which authorizes the
State Controller to appoint an additional
clerk to be known as the revenue clerk.
Assembly bill 741, creating the office of
State Game Warden, and Assembly bill
86, appropriating $17,500 for the erection of
two male wards at the Mendocino, Ukiah,
Asylum, were both amended by the same
committee and recommended to pass ;is
amended. Assembly bill 87, which appro
priated $20,000 for the erection of a build
ing to connect the administration build
ing with the ward buildings of the same
institution, was recommended to "not
pass."
In a message from the Governor apropos
of 287 and 288, vetoed by him on Saturday,
the Executive takes another swat at leg
islative English.
In referring again to the bills he says:
"In my message tx> your honorable body
of this date, February 25, 1899, disapprov
ing Assembly bills 287 and 288. a miscon
struction of the bills appears in the mes
sage, owing to the ambiguity of the lan
guage of the bills, which error, in justice
to the clerk of the Supreme Court, I de
sire to correct.
"The message referred to states that
by. the said Assembly bills an additional
stenographer is created, thereby increas
ing the salary to be paid to the deputies
in the aggregate annual Bum of $2400. This,
however, is incorrect, as there is but one
office created, namely, that of chief depu
ty with an annual salary of $2400, and one
of the other six deputies; (designated
therein as a stenographer) is to receive a
salary reduced to $1200, so that the aggre
gate annual increase is $1800.
"Notwithstanding this correction, my
views as to a necessity for any increase
in th« number of deputies in the office re
main unchanged, and I am still of the
opinion that at this time there is no urg
ent necessity for thl^eput^. „
Dibble of San Francisco, who, with Cobb
of the same town, has been engineering
the Assembly end of the Republican con
ference to come off later this afternoon,
asked of the Assembly the *xclusive use
of the chamber for the Republican ma
jority »t 4 o'clock. It was so ordered, no
dissenting vote being: cast to his resolu
tion.
Dibble also offered a resolution to put
an end to the usual morning tardiness.
During the last few days there has not
been a quorum In the chamber more than
half the time and file work has been often
delayed In time consuming calls of the
House. , .. . ,
To assure a working force in the future
Dibble offered this resolution:
"Resolved, That it is the sense of the
Assembly that no committees should be
excused during the remainder of the ses
sion and that no committee should be
allowed to sit, except conference commit
tees, during the sess-ons of the House:
also that no member should be excused
from attendance except for sickness of
himself or family."
The resolution was adopted.
Assemblyman Cowan handed up an
other anti-tax-eater resolution from Glen
Ellen Grange. It demanded that fully
2T) per cent of the money now wasted in
useless commissions" be saved to the
State and also that all salaries be slashed
the same per cent. "In short,' finishes
the resolution, "less favors for tax-eaters
and immediate relief for taxpayers.
Assemblyman Valentine's bfll, ao4. was
passed to-day after a hard fight put up
kV members of the San Francisco dele
gation, backed, It was said by friends
of the bill, by the San Francisco Harbor
The ' fneas'ure provides that all State
money received by State institutions shall
be paid monthly to the State Controller,
to be by him disposed of among the re-
SP Valen e tlne n argued his bill strongly, and,
despite contrary Indications, when it
came to a vote there were not more than
a half dozen members against it.
Senator Sammy Braunhart s seawall
bill kicked up another debate of no small
proportions. Melick of Los Angeles said
that the- $1,000,000 which the bill" proposes
to raise by a bond issue was to be thrown
to the mob of political hangers-on that
the Harbor Commission has been feeding
for years past at the State's expense. He
said that the Harbor Commission was
nothing more than a political machine
and an expensive one. It had already
spent all its own tolls and other receipts
and this $1,000,000 was simply a scheme to
provide more. _, „ .
Dibble denied It was anything of the
sort. He said that not one cent of the
proposed $1,000,000 could be spent for any
other purpose than set down in the bill—
the seawall. He was followed by Valen
tine, who also followed the same line of
argument. He was shut off by the noon
hour, however, and further consideration
went over to afternoon, when it passed.
Caminettis Assembly bill 988, giving
permission to the Native Sons to use the
great seal of the State in striking: oft
medals for the boys of the First Califor
nia, was also passed with a unanimous
YOt€
Knowland's Assembly bill 292, relating
to erroneous tax assessments ana saie^,
was passed without debate.
Assembly bill 37, by Wade, relating to
the recording of leases, sales or hire of
street railroads and equipment, was
passed.
Belshaw's Assembly bill 500, which pre
vents the Attorney General granting per
mission to State commissions to hire out
side legal advice and compelling him to
render such service himself, was passed
after an explanation by the author.
The Governor's veto of Assembly bill
229, which made the golden poppy the
State flower, was made the special order
for Thursday.
Belshaw's Assembly bill 4SO, making it
a misdemeanor to sell liquor to habitual
drunkards or to minors, was passed, as
was Mack's Assembly bill 150, amending
the laws relating to estrays.
Assembly bill 57fi, a substitute for As
sembly Bill 70, amending the act provid
ing for the creation or sewer districts,
was also passed.
An important bill by Dibble, 552, which
provides that all certificate and debenture
companies shall be under control of the
State Bank Commisaioners, was passed,
and so also was Dibble's Assembly bill
260, which provides that gravestones
costing not In excess of $10 shall be pro
vided for all Union Boldiers who shall die
without sufficient funds for burial ex
penses. . „
The third reading file consumed the
evening session, and adjournment was
taken to to-morrow morning.
SEAWALL BILL
PASSES THE SENATE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 27.— Senator Sammy Braun
hart's seawall bill came up In the As
sembly this afternoon on Its final pass
age and was carried with only a few
scattering votes against it. The result
of the vote was a surprise to those on
the floor, for there was a hard fight made
e gainst it, but for once all three of the
leaders stood in and the opposition did
not count.
Melick of Los Angeles bitterly scored
the San Francisco Harbor Commissioners.
He said that they had prostituted their
office and spent its funds in cheap politics.
The commission, he said, had become
nothing more than a gigantic political
machine, and that every dollar spent by it
•was calculated for political effect rather
than the improvement it would pay for in
the State's property. He said that the
proposition embodied in the bill to raise
by a bond issue the sum of $1,000,000 was
a scheme to throw to. them more money
to go the way that the tolls and tariffs
they collect go.
Dibble of San Francisco, who has had
charge of the bill in its course through
the Assembly, denied that this was so,
and said that not one cent of the mill
ion could be spent in any but the way
laid down in the bill for the completion
of the seawall. He was backed by Val
entine and the question prevailed. It had
few other than Melick's vote against it.
"JOKER" DOESNT GO IN
COUNTY GOVERNMENT BILL
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 27.— Considerable excite-,
ment has been aroused by the expose
made in The Call in regard to the slip
pling in of a "joker" in the county gov
ernment bill, which permitted the San
Francisco county officials to hold office,
regardless of the law laid <Jown by the
acts of the recent charter election, and
this evening at a joint meeting of the
committees on County and Township
Government of both the Senate and As
sembly the obnoxious amendment was
stricken out and a new bill- substituted
which will not interfere with the San
Francisco law.
When the Senate convenes to-morrow
the bill, which was rushed through the
joint committee last evening, will be re
called and the substitute introduced,
much to the satisfaction of a number of
legislators who have San Francisco s in
terest in view. ' _ i_ ; i.
There was talk of money used to have
the bill with the "joker" amendment rail
roaded through; but whether it was the
case or not, it was found that at the
joint meeting of Saturday evening the
amendment which was passed upon with
a favorable recommendation previously
by the Assembly committee and not by
the Senate committee in some way passed
into the hands of the clerks, who think
ing that it had been properly passed upon,
■^"sSufn i P s ri No c which provides
that all county officers elected in San
Francisco in 1898 and whose terms com
menced January 1. 1899. should hold office
Sit" F January 1. 1903. This would be con
trary to the law set down by the char
ter, 'which expressly opposes such a pro
ceeding.
LEGISLATORS WANT TO
KNOW WHOM TO KILL
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 27.— Another newspaper
bill is coming to the surface In the Sen
ate—this time a restriction upon the col
umns not the pictures. Senator More
house's measure to compel the signing
of certain articles published was read the
eecond time and an amendment making
certain exceptions was adopted.
The hill requires that "every article,
statement or editorial contained in any
newspaper or other printed publication
printed in this State which by writing or
printing tends to blacken the memory of
one who is dead or to impeach the hon
esty, integrity, virtue or reputation or
publish the natural or alleged defects of
one who is alive, and thereby expose him
or her to public hatred, contempt or rid
icule, must be supplemented by the true
name of the writer of such article, state
ment or editorial, signed or printed at
the end thereof." • t .
Continuing, the bill provides that the
printer or publisher who publishes such
an article without the required signa
ture shall forfeit $1000, one-half of which
shall be turned over to the plaintiff in a
suit for such publication and the other
half of the State treasury.
The amendment submitted this evening
provides that in books the name on the
title page will be sufficient and in tele
grams emanating from the same source
but one signature will be required.
There was no discussion on the meas
ure this evening, but there will probably
be a good deal when the bill comes up for
final passage.
Work of Judiciary Committee.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, February 27.— At the meeting of
the Assembly Judiciary Committee this
evening the following bills were reported
favorably upon: Assembly bills numbers
680, 210, 209. 467, 99, 908, 941, and Senate bill
93. Bill 680 relates to attachments. Bill
210 is an act relating to proceedings on
production of foreign wills. No. 209 re
lates to petitions for probate of wills.
No. 467 is an act regarding the heaVing
of proofs of probate of foreign wills, bill <
99 is in relation to the foreclosure and j
sale of mortgaged lands. Bills 908 and ;
941 relate to witnesses in the various j
courts. Senate bill 93 repeals certain sec- j
tions of the Political. Code pertaining to j
taxes and revenues. Bill 386 was reported
back with- an unfavorable recommenda
tion. It adds a new section to the Civil
Code relating to the sale of personal
property when the title thereof is re
served in the vendor until it is paid for.
A number of business men of Sacra- ,
mento, representing various lines of busi- ;
ness, appeared before the committee in
opposition to the bill. They contended
that it would seriously injure business in
terests, and it was evidently through their
Intervention that the bill met with what
will probably bo its deathblow.
Stockton's Programmed Resolution*.
STOCKTON; Feb. 2?.— Dr. George S.
Harkness, chairman of the . Republican
County Committee, and George Lang
ridge, treasurer, went to Sacramento to
day, carrying with them the signed reso
lutions of members of the committee and
a few delegates to the last Republican
convention in this county asking the San
Joaquln representatives to adopt meas
ures to bring the Senatorial deadlock to
an end and elect a Senator.
The Grip Cure That Does Cure.
Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets removes the
cause that produces La Grippe. The genuine
h«e L. B. Q. on each tablet; 25c •
KNIGHT RETURNS
EAGER FOR THE
SENATORIAL FRAY
A Crisis in the Situation Now Attracts the
Dark Horses.
DAN BURNS HAS REACHED HIS END
The Campaign of Blnff, Bluster, Booze and Boodle Has
Failed to Draw Voters and His Associates and
Backers Are Ready to Leave Him.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 27.— There is a feeling in
the legislative atmosphere to-night that
the Mexican's Senatorial campaign of
bluff and bluster, booze and boodle, is
nearing its end. Burns has been unable
to keep his contracts. He has been in
capable of commanding the powerful
friendships and influences that he boasted
he could control. He has had his day and
his race, and those that have a right to
represent Republican ©pinions declare
that he Is a Senatorial impossibility,
clinging to an absurd hope that parasitic
followers encourage simply because it is
money in their purses.
These opinions and the conclusion that
Burns cannot win found expression to
night in the return of George A. Knight to
the field as an avowed aspirant for the
United States Senatorship. Knight re
tired from the contest three weeks ago,
packing bag and baggage, returning to
San Francisco. He declared at that time
that he believed there was no show for
him. He is sure now that he was right
then, but is now ouite as sure that con
ditions have changed and that the time is
opportune for a new candidate in the
race.
"I am again a candidate for the United
States Senatorship," he said to-night. "I
am convinced that none of the candi
dates now before the Legislature can
win. They have all had a good day and
a fast track, and none of them can
reach the wire. Some of them are close
personal friends of mine, and I would do
nothing to jeopardize them if I thought
they had the remotest chance of victory.
I am convinced, however, that none ' of
them possesses the necessary strength or
is in a position to obtain it.
"A new candidate, free from the criti
cisms that have been maffe of the aspi
rants now before the Legislature, is a po
litical necessity, and I intend to submit
my name to the Legislature, I have noth
CLARK WILL NOT
DESERT GRANT
SAN JOSE, Feb. 27.— The people at
Mountain View, the home of Assembly
man Walter A. Clark, are aroused for
fear that their representative in the Leg
islature will vote for Dan Burns for
United States Senator. All along Clark
has been a stanch supporter of Grant, and
the young legislator was being praised on
all sides for not rushing to the Mexican's
camp as did Shortridge, Arnerich and Kel
sey of the Santa Clara County delegation.
Now these same constituents fear Clark
will join the Burns forces. Clark was
seen at his home last night by a Call re
porter ancMdenied any such intention.
The story that has caused all this un
easiness runs as follows: On Wednesday
of last week Clark was in Rodgers' general
merchandise store discussing the Sena
torial question, and is reported as saying
Burns would be elected, but not before
the middle of next week. "There is only
one man we can elect." the listeners say
Clark's words were, "and that is Dan
Burns. It is better to elect him than not
to elect anybody. One reason why we
should elect a Senator this time is because
two years hence the Legislature may be
Democratic and the election of Burns
would be better than a good Democrat.
There is only one thing against Burns,
and except that he would be a very safe
man in the United States Senate. I didn t
want to elect him, but fought him all
I could, but now I am convinced it is
better to elect him than nobody." From
this conversation those present inferred
he would flop to Burns. The people in
Clark's district don't want Burns and
they are not pleased with. this prospect
ive change of heart of their representa
tive. Clark is also reported as stating
that if the Governor could appoint Burns
would be the man.
Assemblyman Clark has been confined
to his home with the grip for the past
week, but expects to get back to the cap
ital in a day or so. He was seen last
night at his residence. He denied the
story that he would go to Burns. "As far
as I am concerned, all my efforts have
been for U. S. Grant. He is the best
man for the place, and for that reason I
am in favor of supporting him. As long
as there is a- chance for Grant's election
I will stay with him. I will say this,
however. I am in favor of the Legisla
ture electing a Senator before adjourn
ment I consider It to be to California s
interest that this be done. If it be proven
there is no chance to elect a Senator un
der the system of balloting now going on
I am in favor of a representative Repub
lican caucus. I believe a caucus to-day
would virtually mean Grant's election.
That is where I differ with the majority of
the Grant men. They are all so scared
about going Into a caucus simply because
they think their man won't win. I don t
believe Dan Burns will win the fight."
Clark declined to say whether he would
or would not vote for Burns as a last re
: .;V *';--.•' ADVEBTISEMENTB. ' . I ____^____^_.
»o©©©©©©©©©©©©©©o©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©®O©©©©@©«
MAKES MEN!
yf^\ Electricity Restores Health
' '« al^ \ It and Power to Weak Men
WW'^^rvlM Warms the Blood!
\iflffl.7to^ X. I Stops the Waste!
||Iff^PK^^^iim||i Gives Sna P and Vim!
lai^L^^Sls^^'^^^Vff IP It is the great man builder. ■ Dr.
■^^tolg-Sfe^Tsr^^fe^TT^^/i * Sanden's Electric Belt pours . Electric
' . i Vf^i^/y/Trm^CK ' t'\'\ \ ' - life - into the nerves . and vital parts \
•V 1 '• ' f'j\\\ ' ' while the patient sleeps. , Its. effect is
/I)} . magical. It quickly gives a brace to
/ , ; : the nerves, developing in them and in
1 • the blood a grand force of life. It will
. cure all those ailments of men. -It makes life worth living. . I _ :
If you have drugged and failed . to get relief you should try this famous Belt.
It supplies new life, and that ie what you want. Call or send for my book about it,
closely sealed, free. If you write, direct to the manager. • ■••
DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN, * N ot IN DRUG STORES. "
r 702M.rl«t6t..cor.Kearny B.F. . - I• Dr Sanden , 8 .. Electrlc B^ .;.
Office hours— a. m. to S P. m.; Sundays, 10 ls never ol( ln drug/stores nor • ■
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.. aoutn >,- b traveling agents; only at /
; Broadway: Portland, Or.. 253 Washington st. v> . our office. . - •
Denver. Colo.. S3l Sixteenth st. : t Dallas Tex.. \. ._ ... .-.--, .., ;■
' 2g5 Main St.: Butte, Mont., HO North Main st. '■■. 3 t-rxr. 7. : ~~~~ — — ♦,
ing to offer except my record as a Repub
lican. If that In merit enough I will win.
If it is not, no harm will have been done.
But win or lose, I am convinced that
the time is now critical in the Senatorial
contest, and none of the men now striving
for the honor can win under any circum
stances that can be conceived.
"I have not yet determined whether
to present my name to-morrow morning
or not. The conference that will be held,
to-morrow afternoon is rather of grave
importance, and I may wait until its ses
sion is over. I feel convinced that I can
command at least seven votes to begin
with In my return to the fight."
Knight's return to the Senatorial con
test is a topic to-night of general discus
sion There has been a feeling that the
interjection of a new man into the field
is now an absolute necessity. The leading
candidates hafe ceased to make material
gains, and in fbiling to advance have prac
tically retrograded. Their contest has
dragged its slimy way of scandal and cor
ruption through the Legislature week
after week. The Mexican has failed to
prove his boasted strength and the cor
rupt influences he assumes to control can
not help him.
There Is little more to hope from th*
other candidates, and the political horizon
has been eagerly scanned for a new as
pirant. Whether or not George A. Knight
is the man is necessarily a question of
speculation. He is the first to enter and
to give expression to the sentiment that
is here.
Knight's' renewed candidacy has given
rise to some very free opinions on the
fight Burns has made and the condition
in which the Mexican now finds himself.
If Burns had anything more than bluff
and bluster to show, it Is saio*, ne would
have called on his reserve long ago. If
he "had anything more than booze and
boodle to offer he would have made the
offering long before he became a political
prophet whose only followers are the pa
riahs of politics, thf outcasts that men
shun except under the compulsion of as
sociation.
sort to insure the election of a Senator
this session.
Return of Junketers.
CAT-L HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 27.— The delegation of Sen
ate and Assembly Committees on Finance,
Hospitals, Health and Quarantine and the
Committee on State Building:* and
Grounds returned this morninpr from Sal!
■Quentin. where they went to inspect the
prison for the abolishment of which thert;
is a bill before the Legislature. There ia
also a bill to cFeate a State convict hos
pital in connection with the San Quentin
Prison. If the prison should be abolfshod
the main portion would go to Folsom, and
it appears to be the consensus of opinion
that the bill regarding the hospital should
be amended to read "Folsom" instead of
"San Quentin." The opinion of the ma
jority of the members of the committee
is that a hospital is necessary, whether
it is at San Quentin or Folsom.
The members who went were: Senators
Sims, Luchslnger, Laird. Nutt, Dwyer,
Pace, Braunhart, Hall and Assemblyman
Hoey.
Appropriations for t"he Week.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 27.— The Ways and Means
Committee of the Assembly to-day ren
dered its regular weekly report, which
was ordered printed in the journal.
It shows the following with regard to
appropriations: Total appropriations re
ferred to committee, $4,433,009 31; total ap
propriations reported favorably, $1,829.
--1?4 28; total appropriations reported un
favorably, $486,126; total appropriations
referred to other committees. $408,845; to
tal appropriations reported without rec
ommendations, $154,500; total appropria
tions reported with recommendations that
they be withdrawn, $526,342 05; tntal ap
propriations remaining in the hands of the
committee, $1,207,811 98.
RESCUED HIS MOTHER
FROM A BURNING HOUSE
Brave Deed of John McGowan Averts
a Fatality at an Early
Morning Fire.
Bridget McGowan, an aged woman, nar
rowly escaped a horrible . death by fire
this morning in her home, 24 Valparaiso
street, a small street running oft Lom
bard between Mason and Taylor.
Fire started under the stairway leading
from the kitchen shortly after 1 o'clock
this morning. John McGowan, one of the
family, was awakened by the crackling
of the flames. His first thought was of
his aged, mother, and at the peril of his
own life he rushed upstairs and dragged
her out of bed, down through the suffo
cating smoke and out into the air. A
crowd which had assembled outside in
stead of cheering the young man for his
brave deed hooted and jeered in a ruffian-
The house, which was owned by Charles
Smith, was almost totally destroyed.HERVEY LINDLEY
ENGINEERING THE
CONFERENCE SCHEME
Bnrns' New Manager Thought to Be Priie
Mover of It.
A PLAN TO TRAP LEGISLATORS
Honest Men Fear That the Mexican and Bis Henchmen Will
Use the Meeting to Make Capita! in Spite of the
Opposition.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. 27.— A con
ference of Republican legislators to-day clearly demonstra
ted two facts. First, that D. M. Burns cannot be elected to
represent California in the United States Senate without the aid of
a secret caucus, and second that his only chance for a dark-lan
tern caucus lies in the slender opportunity presented by a confer
ence. The sentiment is growing stronger every hour that no Sen
ator wouM be better than the election of Burns. Legislators who
at first hesitated to declare that no choice would be better than the
choice of Burns are outspoken to-night in the declaration that the
State should be saved from the disgrace that the secret caucus
threatens.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 27.— The Republican con
ference this afternoon was attended by
eighty members. The proceedings be
gan in talk and closed in talk. The ad
journed meeting of the conference to
be held to-morrow will not bring to
gether as many legislators as attended
to-day. The followers of Grant suspect
that Hervey Lindley is the prime
mover of the scheme. While they can
not discern the Burns "nigger" in the
woodpile, they are confident that one is
there and will spring out at the ap
pointed time.
The Grant theory of the situation is
this: Burns Is in the last ditch. He
nust do something to make a showine:.
If he cannot get a secret caucus he
must have a conference that may re-
Bult In an effort to obtain a caucus of
some kind. After the preliminaries
have been discussed some one will sub
mit a proposition for a vote in caucus
■without prejudice to any candidate or
conditions for the dropping of any can
didate. On the face the proposition
may be fair, but many of the anti-
Burns men will shy at the suggestion
and leave the conference. The Burns
men will insist that something must be
done to break the deadlock, and may
Bucceed in retaining forty-three mem
bers of the Legislature to listen to
further proposals. "Whatever the out
come of the conference may be. Burns
hopes to get the advantage of being
able to say to the people that forty
three Republicans, or a majority of all
the Republican members of the Leeis
lature, were willing to settle the Sena
torial question, but the minority mem
bers walked out and threatened to ad
journ without an election.
V? a last resort. Burns might be will
ing to accept the Melick proposition for
a caucus requiring sixty-one votes to
name the nominee. On these lines the
caucus might work for several days
without result, and at length a proposi
tion would come to amend the rules of
proceeding to drop the lowest man on
th-> list after a certain number of bal
lots had been taken. Then a walk-out
■might take place if such a rule were
adopted and the touts would roar that
Burns was willing to settle the fight on
proper grounds but his enemies and the
foes of the Republican party opposed
Many clear-headed and loyal Repub
licans who have the welfare of the
party and the good name of the State
In mind oppose every scheme in the
chape of a caucus and simply adhere
to the proposition to settle the contest
Jn joint convention, yet there are many
anti-Burns men who sincerely believe
that a conference may result in the
election of an acceptable and able
Senator. They may be right in their
opinions, but the members of the Leg
islature who are keen enough to see
through the game of Lindley and Dib
ble advise against a conference with
the Burns people.
A conference on the line of assem
bling all the members of the Legisla
ture opposed to the election of Burns
might open the way to the election of
a creditable Senator. Every day the
conviction grows deeper and stronger
that the election of Burns would not
only bring discredit on the State at
home and abroad, but so disrupt the
Republican party that the State would
be lost to Republicanism in the great
campaign of 1900. Better no Senator
for two years than the election of
Burns. Should the Legislature adjourn
without having chosen a Senator the
liepublicans could go before the peo
ple and say with truth and honor,
"Our party refused to take orders from
the machine politicians and the South
ern Pacific Railroad. We were forced
to the choice of Dan Burns or no Sena
tor, and we said no Senator until the
question was submitted again to the
people of California."
This method would give Burns a
chance to obtain his desired vindica
tion. Men favoring his election to the
office of United States Senator could
become candidates for the Legislature,
and if the people wanted him for Sena
tor they could vote for them.
Since Saturday afternoon a deter
mined effort has been made to break
Genera] Barnes' line, but bo far the as-
Faults have failed. The general is in
the fight to the finish, and his friends
are more confident than ever before
that he will win out. From several
quarters he has received assurances of
support. The efforts to break him down
'have reacted in his favor. On all sides
it is conceded that he has made a clean
and honorable contest for the Senator.
and predictions of his ultimate tri
umph are numerous.
All ports of rumors are in circulation
this evening. The medicine mi>n are
expecting relief. One story is to the
pffect that the unusual calm of the past
twenty-four hours will be followed by
the reign of boodle. Another story is
to th<- effect that Van R. Paterson will
be brought forward again with a great
f otirish. Among Democrats the subject
of voting for Estee to break the dead
lock has been discussed. The talk is
based on the belief that Burns cannot
w.n, but will recede from the "rule or
ru!n" policy. Early In the session Dib
b'« proclaimed the santJment "Burns or
no Senator," but the touts may be con
vinced after reflection that a Senator
in sympathy with the "colonel" would
be better than no Senator far two years.
It is expected that there will be a
great crowd of people here next
Wednesday. Wonder is expressed that
the leading merchants, bankers and
professional men of San Francisco and
Oakland do not take a deeper interest
in the contest than they have so far
displayed. The main influence of a per
sonal nature exerted here has been
drawn from classes that derive their
support from politics, the race course
and gambling devices. The higher and
better classes cf citizenship t-tuy away
from the Capitol and deplore the degen
eracy of the times. The good and true
men of the Legislature, who are mak
ing a gallant struggle to preserve the
fair name and honor of the State, feel
that they are not receiving the manly
support from good citizens which the
emergency calls for. The fearless pul
pit and the incorruptible press have
sustained the burden of the fight so far,
and yet one more determined assault of
the machine forces and their allies may
be made on the Legislature. The mem
bers who are fighting the battle of the
people here in Sacramento are more
hopeful of victory to-night than ever
before, but they are apprehensive that
boodle may be sent here at the eleventh
hour.
Irving M. Scott Is expected to arrive
here to-morrow. The indications that
there may be a rush of events may call
him to the capital at once.
BARD WITHDRAWS
FROM THE RACE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 27.— Hon. J. T. Richards
of Santa Barbara, who came here last
week with Thomas R. Bard, received a
message by telephone this evening
from San Francisco which may have
an important bearing on the Senatorial
situation. Mr. Bard telephoned that
he was no longer in the field as a can
didate for United States Senator and
desired the friends who were voting
for him to vote for U. S. Grant. He
also expressed the sentiment that no
election of Senator would be better
than the election of Burns.
Assemblyman Greenwell, who recent
ly changed his vote from Grant to
Bard on the advice of his Ventura con
stituents, was advised to-night to
change back to Grant. Senator Rowell
of Fresno, who has been voting for
Thomas R. Bard, has been informed
that his candidate is no longer in the
field.
GOVERNOR GAGE
THINKS BURNS
CAN'T GET IT
Governor Gage was in the city Sun
day and while here had a long conver
sation on the Senatorial situation with
a member of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee. The Governor was
sorely perturbed and could not see any
solution of the contest. He expressed
a realization of the effect the election
of Burns would have on the party and
spoke in a manner which indicated that
he did not believe the man from Mexico
couid be elected. The Governor fore
sees a grave contingency in the affairs
of the party during the next two years.
If Burns should, be elected a violent
protest is sure to follow and if de
feated he may endeavor to completely
wreck the party in this State. After
reviewing the situation the Governor
vaguely intimated that the only possi
ble solution he could see is the with
drawal of all the candidates now In the
field and the selection of some promi
nent Republican not yet named.
The Republican State Central Com
mittee will not indorse the action of its
chairman in transferring the head
quarters from this city to Sacramento.
Several leading members of the com
mittee are very indignant over this
matter and unhesitatingly condemn the
attempt to plunge the committee into
the Senatorial contest.
Fpur years ago the managers of the
Republican party deemed it wise to
maintain permanent headquarters in
San Francisco and the rooms at the
Palace Hotel were retained as a, meet
ing plate for party men when they
were in the city. The experiment
brought 1 forth good results, as demon
strated in the last campaign. Instead
of the organization dissolving after
election it was continued and whon .the
campaign opened no preliminary organ
ization work was necessary. Profiting
by this experience the present commit
tee, though they considered their active
duties ended v.ith tho election, in
structed the chairman to keep the head
quarters open until the next gen r.il
election. There was no intention, how
ever, that the Committee should take
any part in the Senatorial fight, and
when the chairman of the commutes
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1899.
transferred the headquarters to the
State capital he did so without consult
ing the other members of the commit
tee. After the move had been made the
chairman endeavored to have his ac
tion indorsed and he met with a de
served rebuke.
He sent an agent to the Individual
members of the Central Committee with
a typewritten document commending
the removal of the State headquarters.
Included in the indorsement which was
presented to the commjtteemen for
their signatures was a clause assuming
the responsibility for the expenses in
curred. Inasmuch as the plan was not
a party affair but rather a scheme in
the interest of one individual the ex
ecutive committee very promptly and
emphatically rejected the whole mat
ter. That their position might not be
misunderstood the committeemen sent
a notice to the chairman that he had
acted on his own responsibility and
therefore he would be compelled to foot
the bills. This notice was sent by the
auditing committee of the executive
committee, which is composed of Wen
dell Easton, P. N. Lilienthal, Paris Kil
burn, E. Nusbaumer and E. C. Hart of
Sacramento. ,
TO DRAIN THE SOUTHWEST.
Mission Clubs Concentrate on a Sys
tem of Sewerage for the
District.
Property owners in the southwestern
section of the Mission are determined to
have a system of sewerage adopted by
the present Board of Supervisors. At a
recent meeting of the Federation of Mis
sion Improvement Clubs a petition was
prepared and ordered filed with the Su
pervisors, askirfe that the City Engineer
be empowered to prepare plans for a
sewer system and pledging the board to
provide funds in the next tax levy to in
augurate the work.
The object is to prepare the necessary
plan, with estimates of cost for the main
outlet that is to start from Ocean View
and tan Sunnyside, Lakeview. Fairmount,
Holly Park and empty into the bay near
Butchertown.
Following on this line of improvement,
the federation went further, and in
structed the executive committee to pre
pare a petition for an appropriation for
the erection of new schools in the West
of Castro Street District, the Sunnyside
District, Ocean View and the Five Mile
Trait. It will be circulated for signa
tures and later filed with the Board of
Supervisors.
The hoggish propensity of the telephone
company in charging 25 cents for all mes-
Bages from Ocean view got an unmerci
ful scoring at the hands of the delegates
from that club. It was resolved to re
quest the company to extend the nickel
service to the place. Delegate A. S. Lille,
with an object of aiding nome products,
offered a resolution to that effect which
was unanimously carried and sister clubs
requested to follow suit.
EXAMINATION FOR PROMOTION.
General Shafter Appoints a Board to
Examine Enlisted Men of the
Regular Army.
General Shafter yesterday issued an or
der in pursuance with instructions re
ceived from the Secretary of War, ap
pointing a board of officers to meet at
the Presidio at 11 o'clock on March 20, to
conduct the examination of such enlisted
men of the regular army, serving in this
department, as may be legally qualified
and desire to compete in the examination
for i romotion to the grade of second lieu
tenant.
AM applicants for examination will be
sent by their respective commanding of
ficers in time to enable them to report
in person for examination to the presi
dent of the board, on the morning of the
20th proximo. Upon conclusion of their
examination, and when their presence is
no longer required by the board, they will
return to their respective stations. The
quartermaster's department will furnish
the necessary transportation.
The detail for the board Is as follows:
Colonel Charles E. Compton, Fourth
Cavalry.
Colonel William H. Forwood, assistant
surgeon general.
Captain Henry C. Danes, Third Artil
lery.
Captain Isaac P. Ware, assistant sur
geon.
Captain Frank Green, Signal Corps.
. ■ ♦ .
SHOULD BE ASSESSED HERE. ]
City and County Attorney Lane Sub
mits an Opinion Regarding San
Mateo Railway Company.
In response to 'the question, asked by
the Board of Supervisors, as to whether
the San Francisco and San Mateo Rail
way Company should not be assessed by
the Assessor of this city and county in
stead of as now by the State Board of
Equalization City and County Attorney
Lane submits his answer. He advises
that the property of the company in San
Francisco should be assessed here, and
not by the State Board of Equalization.
Mr. Lane's opinion is an extended one.
It reviews the history of the franchise,
draws a distinction between commercial
railroads and street railroads and cites
numerous decisions bearing upon the sub
ject. He does not place himself above
the courts, however, as he concludes with:
"I cannot, however, state that this is un
questionably the law. because a matter
of construction is merely the opinion of
the body or person called upon to inter
pret, and what may be the opinion of the
courts, I cannot foretell."
SANTA CLARAS WON AGAIN.
The Collegians Defeated the Impe
rials of This City Sunday.
The Santa Clara College team scored its
sixth victory of the season Sunday after
rfoon when it defeated the Imperials of
San Francisco by a score of 18 to 5. The
first four innings were well played and
productive of considerable excitement.
The explosion came in the fifth inning,
when by clever bunching of their hits
tho collegians scored 8 runs, forcing
Burekoff to retire from the box. Henry
King of the Friscos occupied the slab
during the rest of the game and suc
ceeded, to some extent, in keeping down
the score of the college team. The bat
ting was heavy on both sides, but the
sharp fielding of the college boys prevent
ed their opponents from scoring often.
The batting of King and the infield work
of the collegians were the features of the
game. Jay Hughes, the great Baltimore
twirler, who was acting as coach for the
college team, was well satisfied with the
showing made by his colts.
Pacific Cable Bill.
Several weeks ago the members of the
local Chamber of Commerce telegraphed
to the Pacific Coast representatives in
Washington asking them to have inserted
in the Pacific cable bill a clause to the
effect that the proposed cable should be
constructed of material of American man
ufacture. Yesterday's press dispatches
giving an account of the provisions of the
bill failed to mention the wished for
clause. In order to make the request. or
demand more forcible, the Chamber yes
terday sent the following dispatches to
the Chambers of Commerce of Sacra.Taen
to, !-'>s Angeles, Seattle, Portland and
Tacoma: "We have wired our delegation
in congress urging the insertion of a pro
viso in any Pacific cable bill that the ca
ble be manufactured in the United States
by American manufacturers. We respect
fully ask similar action immediately by
your organization."
Chloroformed and Robbed.
William Fowler, alias Foulis. who says
he is a nurse. Is locked up in the City
Prison on a charge of grand larceny. On
July 29. it is alleged, Fowler became ac
quatnted with C. V. Miller of 400
Leavenworth street and invited him
to his room on Grant avenue, where
he .chloroformed him and robbed him of
diamonds valued a"t .SISOO. Detectives
Wren and Gibson, assisted by Policemen
McQuade and Murphy, last night found
Fowler in a room on Bush street. He
was taken to the City Prison, where he
was formally charged.
— . « ♦ >
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA Arrived Feb 27— Bark Gatherer,
heß ce Feb H. ARRIVED
Monday, February 27.
Ship St. Nicholas, Brlgman, 1* days from Se*
at Bark Wllna, Slater, 8 days from Seattle.
Srhr Jennie Stella, Krebs, 4^ days from
Grays Harbor.
3 BAILED.
Monday, February XI,
gtmr Alice Blanctiard, Hall, for Coos Bay.
DELAY IN THE
TRIAL OF QUAY
Judge Reitler Grants a
. Continuance.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S DESIRE
SAID HE WAS NOT PREPARED
TO PROCEED.
« .
Friends of the Senator Declare. the
Postponement Is Unjust, and
That It Will Elect Their
Man.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Feb. 27.— The
continuance of the trial of Senator
Quay created a sensation among the
legislators and politicians at Harris
burg. Captain James Clark, who is
in charge at the Quay headquarters,
says it is an outrage. He claims Senator
Quay was ready and anxious to go ahead
with the trial, and* that his friends
had every assurance that he would be
honorably acquitted. Senator Mere
dith, a strong Quay man, says the de
lay means the election of Senator Quay
this week. Senator McCarrell, an
other Quayite, is certain his jury bill
will become a law before the time
fixed for the trial.
Captain William Hasson, one of the
Democratic House leaders, is confident
District Attorney Rothermel had good
reason to ask that the case go over,
and said the continuance would have
no effect on the Senatorial deadlock,
except to prolong it until after the
trial. This seems to be the general
opinion of the faction opposed to Sena
tor Quay. E. S. Vankelkenberg, the
leader of the anti-Quay forces, says
the postponement was a great sur
prise.
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 27.— 0n mo
tion of District Attorney Rothermel,
the Quay conspiracy trial has been
continued until April 10. The District
Attorney did not state his reason for
this action. Though interest in the
trial was intense throughout the city,
there was no crowding in the court, be
cause of an order issued that only the
lawyers directly interested in the case,
the panel of witnesses and a limited
number of newspaper men should be
admitted.
Senotor Quay and his son entered
the court room accompanied by their
counsel, Rufus E. Shapeley, A. S. L.
Shields and David T. Watson of Pitts
burg. The presence of the latter was
a surprise to those in attendance, as it
was generally understood he had re
tired from the case.
District Attorney Rothermel and his
associates held a brief consultation, at
the conclusion of which the District At
torney arose and, addressing the court,
said that for reasons which he did not
care to state at present he desired that
the trial of Mr. Quay be continued. He
was not ready to nroceed with the trial
now. He stated that as the Judges of
the court would be engaged for the
greater part of the present month in
hearing the liquor license applications,
he would ask that the date for this trial
be fixed for April 10.
Mr. Shapeley of counsel for the de
fense opposed the motion. He said
their witnesses had been subpenaed and
every preparation made to bring the
trial to an immediate conclusion. A
continuance at this time, he said, would
cause great inconvenience and be un
fair to^his clients.
Judpe Reitler announced that he
would grant the motion, inasmuch as
the District Attorney was not prepared
to proceed, and named April 10 as the
date for the trial.
Senator Quay, on leaving the court
room expressed his disappointment at
the unexpected deferring of the trial.
He declined to discuss the matter fur
ther simply adding that he was ex
tremely anxious to have the case dis
posed of, and that he had hoped that it
would have been taken up to-day and
quickly brought to a conclusion.
HIBERNIANS HOLD A
COUNTY CONVENTION
HAVE GREATLY INCREASED
TSE MEMBERSHIP.
The Order Will Help in the Celebra
tion of Robert Emmet'a
Birthday.
The annual meeting of the county board
of directors of the Ancient Order of Hi
bernians was held in the hall at 120 Ninth
street last night. Representatives from
all the divisions in the city were present,
'■ and the meeting was presided over by P.
' J. McCormick. the county president.
All the divisions presented their reports
i for the year, and the total membership
! was found to be 3.-/>O. The by-laws of the
divisions were Inspected by a committee
on legislation and such amendments made
as were necessary to conform to the new
! by-laws adopted by the State convention
'■ of the order recently held in this city.
A letter from the Knights of the Red
Branch notlfymg the Hibernians that the
former order would celebrate the birth
day of Robert Emmet, which occurs on
next Saturday evening, was read. Gov
ernor Gage has been invited to p , Te^ e t **
the meeting, which will be held in Metro
politan Temple, and the principal address
wl he made by Mayor Phelan. Thepro
eeeds derived from the celebration will be
turned into the fund for the erection of
! the Wolf Tone monument at Dublin. A
! resolution was adopted by the Hibernians
<=ienifving their desire to co-operate with
the Knights of the Red Branch in the
celebration, and circular letters will be
sent to all the members of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians urging them to attend
the celebration.
It was decided to hold a picnic of the
order to be held at Schuetzen Park on
the Fourth of July. "■
Rev D O. Crowley, R: Shepston, J. Mo
ran and J. F. Renault were appointed as
a committee to confer with the Arch-
I bishop and arrange for the annual com
munion of the order.
WARD IN CUSTODY.
He Is Booked on Five Charges of
Felony Embezzlement.
Bernard .Ward, financial secretary of
the Marine Firemen's Association, was
arrested last night by Detective Cody
and booked on five charges of felony em
bezzlement. Several, days ago John
Dougherty, the treasurer of the associa
tion, was arrested for the alleged theft
of $17,000 of the ' funds "of the organiza
tion. After being locked up in the .City
Prison Dougherty declared he had not
stolen a cent and that Ward was the real
culprit. Acting on his statement Andrew
Pryal the present treasurer of the asso
ciation, visited' police headquarters and
swore to five complaints charging Ward
with felony embezzlement. He •. alleges
that on March 5, 1897. Ward drew out of
the Hlbernia Bank $3000 belonging to the
association. On March 1, ISOT.he drew out
of the San Francisco Savings Society
$3000,. also a part of the funds of the or
ganization. A , few days later, it is
claimed, he visited the:Germania Savings
and , Loan Society, where the association
bad considerable money. «a 4«poilt. and
drew out $4000, representing that he had
been instructed to do so by the president
of the association. On July 9, 1897, it Is
claimed, he again drew on the Germania
Savings and Loan Society to the extent
of $2772 28. The same day he went to the
San" Francisco Savings Union, where the
association also had money on deposit,
and drew out $2700. It is claimed that he
was not authorized to draw the amounts,
hence his arrest.
Ward denies his guilt and claims he will
be able to establish his innocence at his
preliminary examination.
. ♦ ■
ANTI-PHELAN POPULISTS.
Middle of the Roaders Will Reorgan
ize on Old Lines.
• The middle-of-the-road Populists, hav
ing had enough of fusion with the Demo
crats, have decided to purge their party
and maintain a separate organization.
Underneath the turmoil now existing in
the single-taxers and anti-monopolists is
a current of bitter resentment against
the methods pursued by the Populist
managers during the last campaign. One
of the foremost middle-of-the-roaders de
clares that the battle now on is between i
the Phelan faction and straight-out
Populists. Phelan Populism prevailed
last fall and the party gained nothing.
Now such men. as Taylor . Rogers, . Dr.
Walton Grlswold and George Monteith
are striving to rescue the organization
and blot out the hybrid stigma which at
taches to it.
Last evening a secret meeting of a
committee appointed to devise methods to
reorganize was held at Dr. Griswold's
office, 106 Eddy street. The first thing to
be done is to get rid of A. B. Kinne and
G. D. Gillespie, who are charged with be
traying the Populists. Kinne and Gilles
pie will fight to retain control of the cam
paign committee and its emoluments.
The other side threatens civil and
criminal proceedings against these men,
and before the friction is settled a few
political secrets may be disclosed.
Kinne and Gillespie have held the whip
up to the present, but it now looks as if
they would be thrown from the box and
the Populist coach tooted by Jehus who
will not turn out for either a Southern
Pacific locomotive or one of Phelan's pav
ing machines.
Several futile attempts have been made
to obtain an accounting' from the men
who handled the Populist funds, but the
statements made are most unsatisfactory
to the rank and file. Further efforts are
to be made to secure a complete state
ment for investigation. Some of the Popu
list committee openly charge that the
party was debauched by men employed by
Phelan, and, further, that money al
leged to have been spent for the ticket
never left the hands of the men who han
dled the funds.
■ ♦ »
THE WILLEY WILL.
Louisa M. Muirhead Files Her
Answer in the Contest.
Answer was filed yesterday by Louisa
M. Muirhead to the contest instigated by
M. K. Springer. R. Springer, Abbie W.
Bridgham and Sarah C. Scharrer against
the will of the late Charles .Walter Wil
ley. It is averred by the contestants, who
are uncles and aunts of the deceased,
that Willey was not mentally competent
and that undue influence was used to
influence him to sign the testament giv
ing his entire estate to the respondent,
Mrs. Muirhead.
To these allegations Mrs. Muirhead en
ters a general denial and cites proofs by
which to substantiate her contentions.
Shortly after the death of his father Wil
ley was picked . up by Mrs. Muirhead
while he was begging on the street. As
subsequent decisions proved this young
man was entitled to some $80,000 of his
father's estate, but no relatives came to
his aid, Mrs. Muirhead gave him a home
with her. After a time she was paid a lit
tle for his support, but for many months
past she says that she has received noth
ing.
When Willey went to live in Mrs. Muir
head's home he was in poor health. Sub
sequently he recovered and was employed
in a well known lawyer's office. It was
while he was employed in this office, at
tending to his various duties, and the
lawyer says in possession of all his fac
ulties, that he drew the will in favor or"
the woman, who, with her husband, had
befriended him. He never spoke of rela
tives, Mrs. Muirhead says, and she knows
that while he was in her home they never
aided him. Consequently the proponent
Js. prepared to defend her rights against
the claims of the dead man's relatives.
■ ♦ ■
HER DEATH UNEXPECTED.
Mrs. Margaret L. - Vulicevich Suc
cumbs to an Attack of Grip.
Xews of the death of Mrs. Margaret
I Lynan Vulicevich will be received with re
gret by her numerous friends in this city.
The lady passed away early yesterday
morning at her residence, 414 Hyde street.
] She had been ailing but a few days, and
I her death was a great shock to her hus
band and children. On Thursday last
she suffered an attack of grip and took
!to her bed. Unfortunately the affliction
I developed into meningitis, which brought
! fatal results.
Besides her husband the deceased leaves
seven children. Mrs. Vulicevich was 50
years old at the time of her demise. She
was a kind-hearted and charitable woman
j and was beloved by all who knew her.
The funeral services will be held in St.
1 Mary's Cathadral. and the Interment will
j be in Holy Cross Cemetery.
ACCUSES HER SISTER.
Ida A. Tripp Says She Is Being Dis
criminated Against.
Ida A. Tripp filed suit yesterday against
her sister, Carrie L. Dick, for an allow
' ance of $200 a month from the trust estate
of Emma L. Cowie, of which the litigants
are heirs and legatees. The trust estate
is at present valued at $261,000. The de
fendant and Wallace M. Cowie are the
i trustees and under the terms of the will
: the plaintiff was to receive a certain al
! lowance from the residue of the profits
of the estate. The plaintiff alleges that
her sister has discriminated against her
and for some time only allowed her $10 a
month and the use of a house, but later
gave her $40 a month. Mrs. Tripp avers
1 that her husband is unable through ill
ness to work and asks that the court al
low her $200 a month for permanent sup
port. _
PASSED A BOGUS ORDER.
More of Peter McGlade's Peculiar
Methods Coming to Light.
William McGee, who gave his occupa
tion as that of a clerk, was arrested last
night by Detective Tom Gibson and
charged with obtaining money by false
pretenses. During the administration of
Pete McGlade, the disgraced ex-book
keeper in the Superintendent of Streets'
office, McGee. it is claimed, presented a
worthless order on M. Regensburger, the
broker for $200. As the order was signed
by McGlade. the broker handed over the
amount to McGee. Since then Regens
burger learned that the order was worth
less and he at once swore out a war
rant charging McGee with obtaining
money by false pretenses.
« -*> «
O'Farrell Insolvency.
Final proceedings in the matter of the
insolvency of J. J. O'Farrell, the real rs
tate man who failed in September, 1896,
'• were concluded before Judge Troutt yes
terday The final account of George H.
Lent, the assignee, was settled yester
day morning and the creditors will re
: ceive 0775 per cent of their claims within
the next few days. The claims which
were approved by the court amount to
$74,000.
Suits Against Horsemen.
The echo of the Baldwin Hotel fire was
heard in the Justices' Clerk's office yes
' terday Suits were filed against well
known horsemen in the following
amounts: Henry Martin $61 80: F. L. Fos
i ter S3O- J. C. Qulnn. $125 70, and Thomas
F. Quinn, $118 30 for board and rooms.
Foresters Dissolve.
The American Foresters' Hall Associa
tion, organized in 1892 for the purpose of
I renting halls to the various Forester so
-1 rleties^ and other organizations, was dis-
I solved yesterday by Judge Daingerfield.
I it i=i said that the reason for the disso
lution is that the organization was not
profitable.
. Dora Fuhrig on Trial.
Mrs. Dora Fuhrig. the notorious mid
wife, was again placed on trial on a
charge of murder. This time she is ac
cused of the murder of Anna W. Walms
by The work of securing a jury was
not completed yeßterday, but win con
..tinue to-day, a
FRENCH SENATORS
ASSAIL THE ARMY
Dreyfus Trial Revision Bill the
Subject of a Heated
Debate.
+ PARIS, Feb. 27.— The Senate was crowded to-day In anticipation •¥
+ of a lively session. M. Verniac presided. M. Lebret demanded +
+ urgency in the case of the Government's trial revision bill. M. +
■f Maxine Lecomte opposed the bill as being unconstitutional and as an +
♦ attack upon the independence of the courts. The chairman of the +
+ committee,. M. Besucl. defended the measure on the ground that it ♦
♦ would "'replace legitimately suspected judges by a respected +
■f tribunal."
♦ After M. Berenger had attacked the Government's bill and de- ♦
■f manded that the revision should be carried out under the existing -f
♦ laws, he animadverted to the grave errors of which some of the +
♦chiefs of the army had been guilty.
+ The Premier, M. Dupuy. thereupon took up the cudgels in behalf +
+ of the army, whose discipline and respect of the law. he insisted. ♦
+ had never wavered.
+ The House then adjourned.
+ LONDON. Feb. 27.— A dispatch from Paris to a newspapers here ♦
♦ says Its correspondent hears that president Loubet has already ♦
■f signed a decree removing General Zurlinden from the post of Military ♦
+ Governor of Paris and appointing General Faure Biget, commander +
4- of the Sixteenth Army Corps, to succeed him. The latter has been a ♦
-f consistent upholder of the innocence of Dreyfus. There is no con- -
■f flrmation of this statement from other sources.
++++♦+♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦++♦♦♦+++++♦♦♦♦
INDIAN MURDERER
REMAINS AT LARGE
Search for the Slayer of "Little Pete"
in the Vicinity of Sebas
topol.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 2T.— The body of
Peter Besente, otherwise known as "Lit
tle Pete," the Indian boy murdered at
Calder's Grove, near Sebastopol, was- laid
to rest in the Sebastopol Cemetery yes
terday, a number of his tribesmen being
among those present at the funeral.
Besente was hardly 20 years of age. The
killing occurred as the result of a quar
rel in which he and a half-breed named
James Stevens engaged while drunk. Pe
ter Manuel and Louis Bellaus, two other
Indians, witnessed the quarrel, and they
say that Stevens first attacked Besente
with a fence picket, and that after beat
ing him into insensibility with that wea
pon he finished him with a knife.
A post-mortem examination held at be
bastopol yesterday showed that one of the
blows from the picket had landed just
across the eyes at the base of the nose,
and that part of the face had been
crushed in, concussion of the brain and a
fracture of the skull following as a nat-
TmSately after the murder Stevens
made his escape, and while a diligent
search has been made by the authorities
he has not been located. It is thought he
will be captured before morning. Stevens
is recognized as a hard character, and
when under the influence of Uquor lsver,
quarrelsome. It is understood the author
ities have located the man who sold the
Indians the liquor and that he will Dear-
Jested and punished for violating the law
in that respect.
Baseball at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 27.-
The sophomores defeated the seniors at
baseball to-day in the first of its series
of interclass games, which n f D pla Tn l
for the interclass championship, me
score was 11 to 9. The game was hotly
contested, ten innings being played.
Dawson Gets Some Mail.
SEATTLE. Feb. 27.-A letter recelvea
from Dawson to-day says that the first
mail that has been received there since
last fall arrived on January 28. lnere
were about 2500 letters A writ of habeas
corpus has been applied for in the case
of four Indians under sentence of deatn
for murder. _
Repaying of Valencia Street.
The Board of Directors of the Mission
Business Men's Association met last night
in the office of L. A. Souc, 465 Valencia
street The paramount matter under dis
cussion was the repaying of Valencia
street and ways and means were argued
for a couple of hours. The directors final
ly decided to solicit signatures from resi
dents of the Mission favoring the proposi
tion by placing petitions in all business
houses during the week. These petitions
will be presented to the Board of Super
visors by a committee consisting o f E S
Harrison Eugene McCo\ , Vv .a. .rano
"en W L. Waibel and Henry F Wynne.
Should the Supervisors decide to cal la
special election to determine whether the
city shall issue bonds for proposed im
nrovements, an effort will be made to in
?orpomte the repaying of Valencia street
in the list of improvements,
in the 11st was cnosen legal ad
visor of the board. A committee consist
ing of HH. Manifold, E. S. Harrison and
LJ Goldman were named to confer with
the Merchants' Association to solicit its
co-operation.
Equivalent to Life.
Richard Phelan is doomed to spend
twenty-five years of his life In the State
prison for having killed Dan O'Connor.
Such was the decision of the Superior
Court of Sierra County, which was con
firmed yesterday by the Supreme Court.
He was the superintendent of a mining
company in that county, which failed, and
aZnKthe workmen who were not paid
w™ oVonnor. The two men became ene
m'es in ronsecnier.ee of their business
t?in%actio'ns and the evidence presented
lid many to the belief that O'Connor was
ment. .
Mortimer Turns Up.
Frank E. Mortimer, who mysteriously
Mistered at the International Hotgun
?r J£?. a tCt m he d h n a a s m bee°n s^ring^rn
He a ha« communi^afeli^h his wife and
will Probably go home < to-day
Captain and Mate Arrested.
United States District Attorney 1- oote
yesterday issued a Warrant for the arrest
of Captain Graham and Second Mate
Move ef the American ship Erskino M.
Phelps. and both men were ordered to
appear this morning for examination. The
charge against the captain is serving In
sufficient rations to his crew on the voy
age from Baltimore to this city, and the
mate is accused of using a belaying pin
™non the head of H. O. Christiansen, who
signed the ship's articles under the alms
of John Jensen.
Insulter of Women.
The case of John H. Houbs, the student
arrested early Sunday morning on Kearny
street for insulting two Spanish women,
was called before Acting Police Judge
Oroezinger yesterday morning. Attorney
Madden appeared on behalf of Hobbs and
asked for a continuance for a week.wr.icn.
was granted.
TJ. S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday affirmed the decrees of
the lower courts in the cases of John
Lloyd and Linforth. Kellogg & Co. vs. E.
W Chapman, and the Coeur d'Alene
Railway and Navigation Company, the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company, the
Northern Pacific Railway Company vs.
.William Spaiding. -
SANTA ROSA ORDINANCE
IS DECLARED INVALID
Outside Merchants May Place Bank-
nipt Stocks on Sale in
That City.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 26.— Judge Dough
erty in Department No. 2 of the Superior
Court to-day handed down a decision in
the case of J. Hirshberg vs. the City of
Santa Rosa, which invalidates ordinance
159, regulating the sale of goods, wares
and merchandise. By the ruling of the
court the law which has heretofore pre
vented outside merchants coming here
and disposing of bankrupt stocks with
out paving a heavy license is declared
invalid.
The suit grew out of the action of J.
Hirshberg, a San Francisco clothing man
who a few weeks ago opened up a bank
rupt stock in a store on Laurett street
under the name of the St. Louis Cloth
ing Company. The sale was extensively
advertised and upon the day announced
the doors of the new establishment were
thrown open to the public. One of the
first persons to enter was Deputy City
Marshal W. B. Griggs, who demanded
that Hirshberg comply with the law in
the matter of taking out a license for
$100, as provided by the ordinance men
tioned. Hirshberg refused to do so and
the store was closed. Suit was brought
to test the ordinance.
In the decision the plaintiff is granted
a permanent injunction against City Mar
shal Charles H. Holmes, restricting him
from further interfering with plaintiff in
the conduct of his business.
KIDNAPED HER CHILD.
Mrs. Lowe Cited to Appear in a Yolo
County Court.
WOODLAND, Feb. 27.— Mrs. Hatti© E.
Lowe, also known as Mrs. Helen Simp
son, is now within the mandate of the
Superior Court of this county and will
have to appear in court with her child
on May 1, 1599. The citation recently is
sued was returned to C. W. Thomas, at
torney for Mrs. Lowe, having been duly
served by R. D. Speck, Sheriff of Spo
kane County, Washington, on February
21. She had been previously cited to ap
pear in court on the 13th of next month
to show cause why they had not com
plied with the decree of the court in re
gard to the custody of the child, but in
that citation nothing was said about pro
ducing the child in court.
Mrs. Lowe ran away with the child
more than a year ago and until recently
was in hiding to evade service of the
court.
Abbott's Disgraceful Fake.
WHEELING, W. Va., Feb. 27.— After a
rest of fifteen months Stanton Abbott, the
former English lightweight champion,
now of Providence, R. 1., re-entered the
ring to-night at the Metropolitan Club,
and after ten rounds contested with Leslie
Pierce of Philadelphia Abbott sank to the
floor in disgrace, fcr he deliberately quit
in the early part of the eleventh round.
The contest was to have gone twenty-five
rounds, but in the eleventh Abbott
dropped of his own accord three times,
and his fake was described by Referee
Siler as one of fhe worst he ever saw.
McCloud River Railroad Opened.
McCLOUD. Feb. 26.— The McCloud
River Railroad is open, a locomotive
and buck plow getting through to Mc-
Cloud this afternoon in charge of Super
intendent Cooley, thus opening the Mc-
Cloud country for business for the milling
season. The snow is fast disappearing and
the company's big plant will soon be In
operation.
Trial of Jesse Walters.
SUISUN. Feb. 27.— One hundred and
twenty trial jurors? have been drawn to
appear at the Courthouse in r airfield on
March 14. the date set for the trial of
Jesse Walters, accused of the murder of
Alfred Cook. The witnesses will number
about 100. An operation will be performed
on Walters on Wednesday to remove the
bullet in his leg.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-drfsS*fc»». During the visit of
>c*|lS|jp2^ Li Hung Chang, the
ifWfggr^^& "Grand Old Man of
MHRflfp -^Stfk China, " to this coun-
WBllffL *¥ ■ iSi try, the New York Sun
lMUyßfjWfjy said of him: "He is
w^PWj»i2|PlL a large, strong, itn-
-7/1 A IruvYkx Passive specimen
sOlif' a AYul\ manhood. He
/ tCuf / *^** / hill V has a massive
A>(Sii I ll I \]l \ frame, a shapely
££*SHi /''l V/*~»\kead, a command-
v — \*ls J^^K dIfSSW ing face and well
Vj-V-A^ posed features.
H^^«Ji ' >' JKTI He is a keen ob-
fir^^^Nr*!' servant of man-
u •^^S/^^^r Jr^ kind, of life and
of things* He is
seventy- four years of age and still in the
hey-day of his power."
If a Chinaman, usually regarded by us as
a barbarian, can live to a healthy, hale old
age, why cannot Americans, with "their
more advanced civilization, do the same?
The reporters discovered during Li Hung
Chang's stay in this country, that he took
every thought for his. health. He lived
i upon the simplest of diets and never passed
a day without consulting his physician.
i He limited his toil to a reasonable number
j of hours, and would not deviate from his
rule in this matter. American men follow
just the opposite practice. They work to
. the limit of endurance, will not even take
the proper time . for eating, resting and
sleeping, and never think of their health
until it is gone. There is a wonderful med-
icine for hard - working men. It it Dr.
Pierce' 9 Golden ! Medical Discovery. It
takes the place of a physician. It keeps
away ill-health and restores health when it
is lost. It is the great appetite sharpener,
blood-maker and flesh-builder. It makes
the digestion perfect, the liver active and
the blood pure and rich. Medicine dealera
sell it.
"My husband had been a robust young man,"
writes Mrs. M. J. Tedder, of Ellington. Reynolds
Co., Mo. " When he was 31 years old he began ■
to cough very hard. He had pains through his ;
chest and lunjrs. His mother and the rest of his
family had died with consumption. He con-
tinued to cough every winter, until in 1883 he
had an attack of pneumonia. His cough grew
worse and worse. He would vomit immediately
after his meals. In 1888 be coughed night and
day. He was getting very weak and had no
appetite. He commenced Dr. Pierce s Golden
Medical Discovery and ■ Pleasant Pellets. He
improved. His appetite got better. When he
had taken seven bottles fie looked like a new
. man and felt like a newoerson. He weighs
more than he ever weighed before. He gainc*-
. twenty-eight pounds and is cured.
34
INCREASED TROOPS AND
HEAVY APPROPRIATIONS
SENATE PUSSES
THE ARMY BILL
Amendment of Compro
mise Measure.
GORMAN GAINS A VICTORY
TIME LIMIT ON INCREASE OF
REGULAR TROOPS.
Whita, Vest and Others Speak
Against the Bill, but It Is Dis
posed Of by a Vote of
55 to 13.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— After a con
test that will be memorable in the his
tory of the Senate, the compromise
army reorganization bill was passed
this evening at 7:10 o'clock. When
the Senate convened at 11 o'clock this
. morning it seemed more than likely
that the bill might be passed during
the day. Gorman of Maryland insist
ed that his amendment providing that
the army should not be increased per
manently, or beyond January 1, 1901,
be incorporated in the measure. For
several hours it appeared probable
that his insistence at least would
throw the bill over until to-morrow,
and perhaps defeat it. An agreement
was reported finally, however, and
Gorman's amendment, in a slightly
modified form, was accepted.
The notable speech of the day
against the measure was delivered by
Vest of Missouri, but his brilliant elo
quence availed nothing against the
measure as finally agreed upon.
To-night the Senate took up the
sundry civil bill and completed its
reading, all the committee amend
ments being agreed to except those re
lating to the District of Columbia.
The bill was then laid aside, to be com
pleted to-morrow.
When debate on the bill was resumed
Bate of Tennessee, a member of the Mili
tary Affairs Committee, addressed the
Senate in opposition to an Increase of the
army and against warfare on the Filipl
noa. lie regarded the measure as proba
bly the most important of the present ses
sion. He objected to the bill because it
provided twice a^ many men as the exi
gencies of the situation required; because
it made distinctions between regulars and
volunteers against the latter; and because
it was an entering wedge which makes U3
depend on the regular army instead of on
the consent of the people thynselvea If
we were compelled to right for control in
the Philippines we ought to charge the
cost against the $20,000,u00 said to be due
Spain. L'ntil the President indicated to
Congress his policy and purposes no addi
tional troops should be granted him.
Kenney (D.) offered amendments to
the pending bill providing for the creation
of a veterinary corps to consist of a chief
veterinary officer, with rank, pay and al
lowances of a colonel; ten veterinarians,
each vith the rank, pay and allowance
of a fir .t lieutenant of cavalry, and twen
ty vet. .Vinarians, each with the rank, pay
and a'Jjwances of a second lieutenant of
eaval:*. Vest antagonized the bill, al
though? he said he did so with hesitation
becai'")e of its strong advocacy by his col
league, Cockrell. He declared his belief
that -i he war in the Philippines was not
being conducted with the idea of giving
the I'ilipinos self-government.
"I relieve," he said, "that this Govern
ment "ts to take the Philippines as an in
demnity. It has so been stated in the
imperialistic press. But I ask now wheth
er ii' is true that the President tele
grap-ied to our commissioners to take
noth'iig less than the island of Luzon, as
Portr Rico was worth only $40,000,fX)0 and
woulfl not be a proper indemnity for the
war. I ask now whether such a dispatch
was 'sent."
Mr. Frye — There was not.
Vest— ls the statement true or false?
Frye — It is not true.
Vest— Was no dispatch to that effect
cent by the President to the Commission
ers?
Frye— Not to that effect.
Vest— Was there not a dispatch sent
that nothing less than the island of Luzon
would be accepted?
Frye— The instructions of the President
when we started out were to take Luzon.
Vest— Was there not a dispatch tnat
Porto Rico was worth only $4U,000,000, and
that, we must have LUzon for an indem
nity for the war?
p rye _Xot a thing of the kind.
Yest — Was no mention made of Porto
Rico not being a sufficient indemnity for
Frye—Not at all. The Senator has
heard read in executive session every tele
gram cable and letter of instruction that
passed between the President and the
Peace Commissioners.
Vest— The statement I nave made was
published in the Imperialistic press of the
country and it has never been contra
dicted until the Senator (Frye) contra
dicts it now.
••For the purposes of my argument,
continued Vest. "I content myself with
the statement that we were to take noth
ing less than the island of Luzon. If that
be true, how is it that the President said
In his Boston speech that this contin
gency has come upon us by the act of
God' He says there has been no disposi
tion to exercise the powter of conquest;
that the people of the United States are
called upon now under an omnipotent
Providence to dispose of the repsonslWli
ties placed on then by accident of bat
tie if the island was to be taken, why
(Joes he tell us that ho is. an instrument
of Providence? 1 know of but one paral
lel of this scheme of Christian philan
thropy. It is to be found in one of
Dickens' novels, 'Bleak House." An emi
nent divine lays his. hands upon 'Poor Jo'
and says to him: 'Young man, come
with me and I will do you good.' 'Let me
alone,' cries the vagrant; 'let me alone;
take your hands off me.' In solemn and
st-pulchral tones equal to those of my
friend from Montana (Carter), the rev
erend Mr. Chadband replied: -Young
man, I will not take my hand from your
shoulder. lam a toiler and a moiler and
I intend to do you good in spite of your
self '
■So " continued Vest, "it is with the
President. He places a hand on the shoul
der of the Filipino and says, 'I am :\
toiler and a moiler and I intend to save
you in spite of yourself.' And he wants
100,000 missionaries with rifles to shoot
his good resolutions into them."
He said that all those who were opposed
to the plans of the administration were
denominated traitors, but he repudiated
the charge with scorn. "If spoken," he
said "it is a slander: if written a libel."
White of California spoke against the
bill and against the present policy in the
Philippines. To-day he said the guns of
the Filipinos were pointed against us and
our guns were pointed against them. The
President recognized, he said, . the seri
ousness of the situation, as all thoughtful
persons did. It seemed that the Filipinos
had been, saved from Spain only to bo
turned over to another master. The prin
cipal ground of. their resentment was that
no policy had been outlined to them; an
assurance given them of fair and just
treatment.
White said he could not contemplate the
situation In the Philippines with any other
feeling than that of shame. There was no
possibility of assimilating the Filipinos.
The outlook was very gloomy. He advo
cated the freedom of the people of both
<"üba and the Philippines. He agreed
with Seweil that war was likely with
Cuba. "Why. If we were to give the Cu
bans their freedom, were our armed sol
diers anchored on that Island? How vain
and visionary, the theories of men when
behind it all is the grim specter of lucre/
he exclaimed Even this great republic
might reverse itself. He had felt from
the beginning that the country was on
the verge of ruin, and he found in the
pages of history justification for this ap
prehension. We claim, said he, to be a
Christian, civilized and progressive peo
ple, but are we in earnest? Are we not
about to discard, the emblems of peace
and enter upon air era of contest? War
may come, but if it does it must be for
freedom, to defend i liberty and not a war
for conquest if it is to receive my vote."
An amendment by Thurston striking out
the paragraph relating to the age limit
for the appointment of officer* in the pro
visional regiments w.as agreed to. ;
Hawley offered as aji amendment a pro
vision in the flfteeniUi section authoriz
ing the President to tmlist temporarily in |
the service for absolutely necessary pur- !
poses in the Philippines, volunteers, of
ficers and men, •lndividually or by organ
izations, now in those' islands and about |
to be discharged; and directing tjaat they
shall be counted as pa.rt of the volunteer |
force authorized by this act, and that
they shall not be enlistjed for more than
six months nor beyond tine time necessary
to replace them. It was adopted.
Gorman offered the fiollowing amend
ment as a provision of section 15: "That
each and every provision, of this act shall
continue in fiorce until July 1, 1901. and
on and after that date all the general
staff and line officers appointed to the
army under tbJs act sha.ll be discharged
and the numbers restored in each grade
to those existing at the passage of this
act and the enlisted force of the line of
the army shall be reduced to the number
as provided for by law prior to April 1, ,
1898, exclusive of such additions as have
been or may be made under this act to the
.artillery, and except the cadets provided
for by this act, who may be appointed
prior to July 1, 1;X)1; ami provided, fur
ther, thai no officer who has been or may
be promoted under existing law or un
der the rules of seniority shall be dis
turbed in his rank.-' 1
Warren, a member of the Military Af
fairs Committee, opposed the amendment
and could see no reason for its adoption.
The bill, he said, had been pronounced by
Cockrell as a good lull 'before God and
man.. He agreed with thai statement, but
said the adoption or • the amendment
would make it a bad bill.
The amendment was adopted— 6B voting"
in the affirmative and none in the nega
tive. Warren was paired .against it.
Bacon of Georgia said the adoption of
the Gorman amendment simplified the sit- !
uation materially. This bfjl would place '
an annual expenditure of $.55,000,000 upon
the country, but notwithstanding the fact
that the war In the Philippines was an
unholy war, he felt it his duly to support
the bill.
An amendment offered by Carter pro- ;
vided that three of the provisional |
regiments, at the discretion or the Pres
ident, should be cavalry. -chose members
should be particularly proficient in horse- i
manship and marksmanship, the regi
ments to serve mounted or dismounted. j
It was agreed to.
In the course of a speech against the
general features of the bill Allen of Ne
braska made the statement that he had
received many letters from the volun
teers in Manila, protesting against being
used to shoot down thoso whom they had
regarded as their friends. Those men, he
maintained, ought to be recalled.
Hoar announced his intention not to
support the bill. It was not a bill for
supplies, nor was it a bill for the com
plete reorganization of the army. It was
then merely a bill to provide an army to •
make war upon the people of the Philip- !
pines. With the exchange of ratifications
of the peace treaty the war would then
be at an end. It would be necessary to
determine whether there was to be a civil
war.
.Fettigrew also announced his intention
to vote against the bill, saying there was
army enough now, and that with the re
turn of peace there could be no need for
a greater army. He saw no reason for the '
increase except to coerce the people of
the Philippines and deprive them of their
liberty. He predicted that the effort to
destroy the liberty and the lives of the
Filipinos would prove the blackest chap- .
ter in the history of the United States.
He had voted to support the President at
the beginning of the war. but the Presi
dent was no longer entitled to his confi- '
dence. "I believe it tbe duty of Con
gress " he said, "to remain In session, if
necessary,, indefinitely to prevent the ex
ecutive from pursuing a course toward
these people that forever will blacken the
name of this great republic."
The bill was then, at 7 o clock, put on its
passage, and was passed, 5, to 13, the vote ;
in detail being as follows: .
Ayes— Allison, Bacon. Burrows.
Carter, Chandler, .Clark. Cockrell. Cul- ,
lorn Deboe, Elkins, Fairbanks, Faulkner, i
Foraker Frye. Gallinger. Gear, Gorman,
Hanna. Hansbrough, Harris, Hawley,
Heitfeld, Jones of Nevada, Lindsay, i
Lodge, Mcßride, McEnery, McLaurin, ;
Malfory. Mantle. Mitchell, Money. Mor- j
gan. Murphy, Nelson, Pascoe, Perkins
Pettua Plan of Connecticut. Platt of
New York, Pritchard. Proctor. Rawlins, i
Roach Ross, Sewell, Shoup, Simon, !
Smith, Spooner, Stewart, Teller, Warren,
Wellington— ss. Butler. Caffery. Chil-
Noes— Bate, Berry, Butler, Cattery, Chil
ton, Clay, Daniel, Hoar, Martin, Petti
grew, Turley, Vest, White— l 3.
Consideration of the sundry civil ser- I
vice bill was begun at 7:15 p. m. At the !
conclusion of the reading of the bill, at j
9-30 p. m., nearly all committee amend- i
ments having been agreed to, the bill was
laid aside. It was decided that the Sen- ;
ate should convene at 11 clock to-mor
row. The Senate at 9:55 p. m. adjourned. '
Landrails have been exceptionally
numerous in various parts of the Brit
ish Isles this season.
AGAINST HOLDING
THE PHILIPPINES
Caucus of House Democrats
Strongly Opposed to Ex
pansion.
NEW YORK. Feb. 27.— The Herald's Washington correspondent
sends the following: With only one dissenting vote, that of Burke of
Texas, the caucus of Democrats to-night declared against the re
tention of the Philippine Islands. There was a large attendance of
Democrats, but only two from New York, Driggs and Bradley.
Representative Clark of Missouri offered this preamble, which has been
drawn by Democratic members of the House Committee on Foreign Af
fairs:
We hold that the constitution of the United States as ordained and estab
lished for an intelligent, liberty-loving, self-governing people cannot be suc
cessfully applied to people of different virtues and conditions. We there
fore hold that a colonial policy Is contrary to the theory of our govern
ment and contrary to those principles of civil liberty which we have been
taught to cherish. We believe, with the declaration of independence, that
all governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed,
and we are unalterably opposed to the establishment of any government by
the United States without the consent of the people to be governed. And in
conformity with these principles, we instruct the minority members of the
Foreign Affairs Committee to introduce and urge the following resolution:
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States of America in Congress assembled, That the United States hereby dis
claim any disposition or intention to exercise permanent sovereignty, juris
diction or control over the Philippine Islands, and assert their determina
tion when an independent government shall have been established therein to
transfer to said government upon terms which shall be reasonable and just
all rights secured under the cession by Spain, and thereupon leave the gov
ernment and control of the islands to their people.
Major General Wheeler went into caucus long enough to make a
spirited and vigorous speech in opposition to arraying the Democratic
party against the policy of accepting the fruits of the war and its re
sponsibilites. He warned the caucus of disasters that would probably
overtake the Democratic party If it pursued this policy.
General Wheeler had a chilly reception and was repeatedly inter
rupted, and he was taken to task by Rhea of Kansas for preferring a
party policy to principle.
Lewis of Washington made a qualified speech in opposition to the
resolution, but declared he would be bound by the action of the caucus.
Griggs of Georgia offered this resolution, which was agreed to with
o out opposition:
q We, the Democratic members of the House of Representatives In caucus
<§, assembled, commend the signal loyalty and valor of our soldiers and sailors
O In the performance of every military duty to which they have been as-
signed by proper authority, however much we deplore the policy of the ad
£ ministration now directing their movement, and w© pledge our hearty sup-
O port and sympathy wherever engaged.
<$>
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28. 1899.
APPROPRIATION
BILLS PASSED
House Provides for Army
and Fortifications.
PAY FOR TROOPS ABROAD
DISCUSSION OF THE PHILIPPINE
POLICY RENEWED.
Grosvenor Replies to the Charge That
There Had Been an Alliance Be
tween Uncle Sam and
Insurgents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— The House
was in session seven hours to-day, and
sent to the Senate two more appropria
tion bills, the army, which had been
under consideration for several days,
and the fortifications. The former
carried about $79,000,000 and the latter
approximately $4,700,000. The final con
ference report upon the Indian appro
priation bill was also adopted. The only
amendment of importance attached to
the army bill was to give two months'
extra pay to enlisted men in the regular
army who served beyond the limits of
the United States during the war with
Spain, and one month's extra pay to
those who served in the United States.
The discussion of the administration's
policy relative to- the Philippines, which
has been occupying the attention of the
members to the exclusion of almost
everything else during the consideration
of appropriation bills for the last two
weeks, was continued to-day, several
speeches being made on the subject.
Dockery (D.) of Missouri, the leading
Democrat on the Appropriations Com
mittee, asserted that appropriations for
this Congress would reach $1,600,000,000.
When consideration of tho army apro
priatlon bill was resumed Cox (V.) of ien
nessee made a short, sharp, general
speech, saying: "1 will never vote a cent
to put a bullet into a gun to shoot down |
those people over there (tho Filipinos), ,
who are trying to establish their home |
government." He could not understand,
ho said, why we had started out to freo
the Cubans and should end by shooting
the Filipinos. What a remarkable notifi
cation, he declared, was that of General
Otis, that we had killed and wounded 40oJ
of those people, part of them naked na
tives, armed with bows and arrow*. As
an American, he asked, where was the
glory of this achievement? 'Who had de
clared war on these people who had done
us r.o harm?
Sulzer (D.) of New \ork offered an
amendment to increase the number of
major generals to four, and to provide for
tilling the vacancies by the appointment
of General Wheeler.
Hull raised a point of order against the
amendment and the point was sustained
by the chair.
Fitzgerald (D.) of Massachusetts offered
an amendment to pay all soldiers in the
regular army who served during the war
beyond the limits of the United States two
months' extra pay upon their muster out,
and who served within the limits of tho
United States one month's extra pay. A
similar provision, he said, applied to vol
unteer troops, and he saw no reason why
;- distinction should be made. The amend
ment was adopted.
This was the last amendment. The
committee rose and the bill as amended
was passed.
Hager (R.) of lowa asked unanimous
consent for the consideration of the Sen- !
ate joint resolution authorizing the Pres*- j
ident to appoint Osman Deignan, one of |
the heroes of the Merrlmac, a naval ca
det at Annapolis.
Underwood of Alabama said he had no
desire to object, but he desired to call at
tention to the fact that each hero of the
Merrimac had received his reward for the
daring display in the heroic exploit at
Santiago harbor save the man who took
the ship in — Lieutenant Hobson. A bill
was now sleeping In the committee to
transfer to the line and promote him. He
thought it unjust that it was not acted
upon. The resolution was adopted.
Henderson of lowa then presented the
special order agreed upon by the Commit
tee on Rules setting a.«ide to-morrow until
6 o'clock for the consideration of public
building bills, those acted on by the com
mlttee of the whole to be first considered,
after which such as might be designated
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds. Those reported from the com
mittee of the whole were to be considered
in this order: First, those in cities where
there were postofllces of the first clas9;
second, where there were Federal courts.
Dockery opposed the rule on the ground
that neither the condition of the appro
priation bill nor the treasury would war
rant the use of to-morrow for this pur
pose and the appropriation of money
which would result. He figured out_ total
appropriations for the session of $6(5,000,
-000. This did not Include the $115,000,000
for the Nicaragua canal which might be
come law, nor the $25,000-,000 of claims
which we had assumed by tfce treaty of
Paris. These aggregated the appalling
total of $800,000,000. Yet it was now pro
posed to give a day for public buildings
and add $11,000,000 to these staggering lia
bilities. He figured out that the total ap
priation for this Congress would reach
$1,000,000.
The rule was adopted, 97 to 34.
A bill was passed appropriating $5000 for
the investigation of leprosy in the coun
try by a board to be selected by the
surgeon general. Corliss (R.) of Michi
gan stated that there were about 300 cases
in the United States.
Hemtnway (R.) of Indiana then called
up a substitute for the fortifications ap
propriation bill and moved its passage un
der suspension of the rules. Heminwa-y
explained that the substitute was in reali
ty the bill reported from the Appropria
tions Committee with a few minor
amendments. It was necessary to offer
the amended bill as a substitute, as no
amendments were in order under suspen
sion of the rules.
Henry (R.) of Indiana submitted some
general remarks, arraigning ."is col
league, Johnson, "for his unjustifiable
abuse of our groat President." He spoke
of the "Johnsonaldos and Aguinaldos
who were attacking the President.
Cockran (D.) of Missouri declared that
the country would never cease to regrot
the administration's policy toward the
Philippines. The war against the horde
of semi-barbarians thundering at the
gates of Manila would never cease. Our
heroic soldiers sent there were doomed.
Disease and death would ravage our
army during the rainy season.
Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio delivered a thir
ty-minute speech, generally replying to
the charges emanating from the opposi
tion during the past few days that there
had been an alliance between the Lmltf-d
States and the insurgent forces in the
Philippines. He carefully went over the
official records to show that there never
had been an alliance. The official docu
ments and their dates were produced in
each case. He defied the other side to
produce a single official utterance author
izing or recognizing any alliances. .
In reply to interrogations, Grosvenor
said he spoke on hi 3 own authority.
After some discussion the fortifications
appropriation bill wns passed. The con
ference report upon thn Tndian appropria
tion bill was adopted without division.
The death of Representative Hurley of
New York, who died at Hot Springs. Va.,
yesterday, was announced by his col
league, Fisher. As a mark of respect, the
House at 6 o'clock adjourned.
FILIBUSTERS DEPART
. FROM KANSAS CITY
There Is an Uncertainty as to
Whether They Are Going to
Guatemala or Honduras.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 27.— The first de
tachment of the filibustering expedition
organized horo for an invasion of Central
America left Kansas City at 10:20 o'clock
to-night. The soldiers of fortune num
bered about 100 and were provided with
four special coaches which were attached
to the regular southbound passenger
train, on the Kansas City, Fort Scott and
Memphis road. William G. Thompson,
former captain of Company D, Fifth Mis
souri Volunteers, was In command.
It is now known beyond question that
the men composing this expedition ex
ppct to see fighting in Central America.
Reports as to their destination are con
flicting, both Guatemala and Honduras
having been mentioned, but men who are
leaders in the adventure have secretly
informed th-Mr friends that the real des
tination is Nicaragua.
District Attorney Warner and United
States Marshal Durham investigated the
affair, but when the band started south
to-night both declared that they had dis
covered nothing to warrant the arrest of
the alleged Invaders. They have advised
the Washington authorities fully.
Dr. R. E. Heath, Consul here for Hon
duras, has also notified his Government
and the Honduran Consul at New Or
leans of the movement.
ONE HUNDRED^SHOTS
AND NOBODY HURT
Oregon Officers Fight a Bloodless
Battle With Desperado
Nackie.
WALLA WALLA. Wash., Feb. 27.—
News of a desperate battle between of
ficers and a desperado named William
Nackie, on Pine Creek, near Milton, Or.,
on Sunday, was received here by tele
phone to-night. Nackie was released
from the penitentiary here about three
months ago and went to work for a Ger
man named Gebhardt, near M^ton. Last
Friday he threatened to blo# the head
off one of the neighbors and a warrant
for his arrest was sworn out.
Constable J. W. Dykes, with a posse
of twelve men', which was organized Sun
day morning, repaired to the ranch to
take Nackie dead or alive. The bouse
was surrounded and at about daylight
Nackie made an attempt to escape. A
running fight ensued, during which over
a hundred shots were fired, but no one
was hurt. Nackie finally surrendered.
He was taken to Milton and placed In jail.
PAPAL REPRESENTATION
MAY NOT BE INVITED
Holland Assures Italy the Vatican
Will Send No One to. the Dis
armament Conference.
LONDON, Feb. 28.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle says:
Holland has assured Italy lhat the Pope
will not be Invited to send a representa :
tive to the conference for the limitation
of armament, saying:
"The Vatican strongly disapproves the
Intrigues of the French pretenders, Or
leanist and Bonapartist."
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— A special cable
to the Journal from Berlin says: Nobody
In German official circles in Berlin now
believes the Czar's proposed peace con
ference at The Hague will bo held. The
dispute that has arisen between the gov
ernment of Italy and the Vatican is con
sidered a fatal stumbling block. Italy will
not send a delegate nor recognize the con
ference in any way if the Pope is allowed
to be represented, as. that would be tanta
mount to a recognition by the various
nations of the temporal power of the
Pope.
STEAMERS TO HONOLULU.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 27.— 1t is re
ported that the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company will establish a steamship line
between Puget Sound and the Hawaiian
Islands. The first vessel to be dispatched
will be the City of Puebla, which is to
be taken out of the Government trans
port service.' She is due from Manila
about March 5. On her return she will be
made ready for the new line. On© trip
a month will be made.
FLIGHT OF GENERAL REYES.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Feb. 27.— The
Government troops under General Rou
ling, from Greytown, attacked and cap
tured the bluff in front of Blueflelds. Gen
eral Reyes, the insurgent leader, fled for
protection to the British Consulate at
Blueflelds. He will surrender without
further resistance, thus closing the revo-
"Mike" Creedon Defeated.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 27.— John Fin
negan and "Mike" Creedon met in the
Homestead Opera House to-night for a
twenty-round boxing contest, but the bout
lasted but five rounds when Referea
Cocoran gave the decision to Finnegan.
ACCUSED OF THE
ADAMS MURDER
After the Verdict of the Coroner's
Jury Roland B. MoliQeux Is
Arrested.
+ NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— The Jury in the Adams poison case came +
+ In with its verdict at 8:43 p. m. It was as follows:
+ "We find that the said Katherine J. Adams came to her death on -
+ December 28, 1898. at 61 West Eighty-sixth street, by poison by
+ mercuric cyanide, administered by Harry S. Cornish, to whom said -
+ poison had been sent in a bottle of bromo-seltzer by Roland B.
+ Molineux."
+ The Coroner immediately issued a warrant for the arrest of +
+ Molineux and the latter was at once arraigned before him. Through his +
■f attorney he demanded an immediate hearing, but Assistant District
+ Attorney Osborne objected, saying it was impossible to proceed with ♦
+ the hearing. The hearing was then set for Wednesday morning at ♦
♦ 11:30 o'clock. ♦
+ Molineux was committed to the Tombs without bail.
♦ ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
NEW PHASE IN
CANAL QUESTION
Burton's Substitute for
Senate Amendment.
GOVERNMENT INVESTIGATION
PROVIDES FOR BOARD TO STJR
VEY BOTH ROUTES.
Proposition to Examine Panama and
Nicaragua Sites for Water
ways Before Taking
Action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— The meet
ing of the River and Harbor Commit
tee to-day developed a new phase of
the interoceanic canal question. Chair
man Burton took the lead in favoring
full governmental Investigation, both of
the Panama and the Nicaragua routes,
before committing the Government,
and after the meeting Burton expressed
the view that the sentiment of the com
mittee "was opposed to the Senate Nica
ragua amendment and favored full in
vestigation. To that end he introduced
in the House a bill to be proposed later
as a substitute for the Senate Nica
raguan canal amendment. Its main
features are as follows:
The Government of the United States
declares its purpose to secure at the earli
est practical date the construction of a
canal connecting thf> Atlantic and the Pa
i-iiic oceans. A board of seven engineers
shall be appointed by the President to
make the surveys and examinations nec
essary to ascertain the most desirable and
practicable route for such canal and for
the performance of such other duties as
the President may direct; three from the
Corps of Engineers of the army, two en
gineers of the navy and two from civil
life.
The board shall investigate the proposed
routes for a canal between the said
oceans, giving special and personal at
tention to the proposed canal in Nicara
gua and Panama routes, and shall com
plete estimates of the probable cost of
constructing such canal or canals. They
shall also report upon the commercial and
military value to the people of the United
States of such canal route or routes.
The President may enter into negotia
tions with the respective nations owning
the territory through which such canal or
canals may be constructed in order to ob
tain the necessary land for the construc
tion of a suitable canal and to acquire
such rights in natural waterways as may
be necessary. He is also required to en
ter into such negotiations as he may
deem necessary with any other nations
having rights in any way connected with
the construction or operation of such ca
nal or canals. The President shall ac
quire, if possible, the absolute title to
necessary territory, but if such absolute
title cannot be obtained he may acquire
such rights or easements there as may
be required and may cause investigation
to be made to ascertain the route upon
which terms most favorable to exclusive
Control by the United States can be ob
tained, but in no case shall obligations be
incurred or money paid to any company,
or individual, for rights, easements or
privileges heretofore or hereafter ac
quired with a view to the construction' of
any such canal, except under authority
given by further action of Congress.
One million dollars Is appropriated to
carry out the act. The information ob*
tamed or action that may be taken
shall be reported to Congress at the
beginning of the next regular session.
AIMED AGAINST THE
SEATING OF ROBERTS
Favorable Report on Proposed
Amendment Prohibiting the
Election of Polygamists.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— A favorable
report on tW proposed constitutional
amendment prohibiting polygamists from
being elected to Congress was made In
the House to-day by Representative Ca
pron of Rhode Island in behalf of the
Committee on Election of President and
Vice President. It refers to the case of
Representative-elect B. H. Roberts of
Utah as one of the causes for renewing
attention to the subject. After reviewing
this case the report states that its de
termination rests with the next Congress.
On the general subject, however, it urges
an amendment to the constitution, and
says:
"Enough has been presented to show
that the people of the United States,
through Congress, have placed on the
statute books their unequivocal and un
compromising hostility to the crime of
polygamy. Therefore, shall the possibili
ty be allowed to continue of electing to
Congress a person who is a polygamist
to participate in the framing of laws
for a people who have unmistakably, in
no uncertain way, but deliberately and
positively, declared that polygamy Is a
crime and a disease which should not be
tolerated In a civilized community, but
extirpated In the interest of the homes of
America, which constitute one of the na
tion's strongest bulwarks against moral
decay. We believe that if given the op
portunity the people will answer emphat
ically in the negative."
Tiburon Prepared for Fire.
TIBURON, Feb. 27.— The new fire de
partment of this town is now prepared for
any emergency. The California North
western Railway Company, under the di
rection of President Foster, has laid 1300
feet of pipe and put in a first-class pump
ing system. The apparatus was tried last
evening and everything proved satisfac
tory. At a meeting held after the trial
Charles McNeill was elected chief of the
department, Fred Hackett first assistant
and William Lewis second assistant. The
citizens of this community first realized
the danger to which the town would be
subjected in case of fire when an attempt
was made to burn the "Daily Supply"
store of Young & Mitchell. Since then
they have lost no time in providing the
town with a safeguard.
MADE SICK BY
CANNED BEEF
Soldiers Before Court of
Inquiry.
STORY OF ENLISTED MEN
THEY TELL OF THE MANY COM
PLAINTS MADE.
One Sergeant Declares That His Com
mand Suffered in Health, From
a Lack of Proper
Food.
Ppecia.l Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— When the
Army Court of Inquiry, organized to
inquire into the beef charges, met to
day after its two days' recess, Lieuten
ant Charles F. Dwyer of the Ninth In
fantry testified that he had been made
sick on one occasion by eating canned
roast beef stew, but otherwise his
health had not suffered.
A party of six enlisted men of the
Ninth Infantry next appeared. First
Sergeant Howard Alexander testified
that his regiment used both corned and
canned roast beef on the voyage from
Tampa to Santiago. There were many
complaints from the men as to the
canned roast beef. It nauseated the
men, had little taste and apparently
contained little nutriment.
The men finally got to throwing th»
cans away or not drawing them, as the
meat frequeutly made them sick as
soon as they ate it. Witness was not
willing to say definitely whether it was
the canned meat or the malaria that
caused most of the sickness in the regi
ment. After getting into the city,
where the refrigerated beef was issued,
the men continued to be very sick,
nauseated and suffering from bowel
cohnplaints.. The sergeant thought
this all came from the refrigerated
meat; the gravy, especially, that came
from the refrigerated meat, seemed to
nauseate the men even more than the
meat Itself.
Sergeant Buckage, also of the Ninth,
was called. He testified that the men
did not like the canned roast beef. It
made them sick and they did not eat it
when they could get anything else.
Coming to the refrigerated beef. Ser
geant Buckage said there was little or
no complaint while in Santiago. After
the regiment got outside of town about
a quarter of the beef spoiled in transit
to the camp. What was left after
trimming off the spoiled part was con
sidered quite good. He did not know
that any man had been nauseated by
the refrigerated beef. But all the
regiment was sick on leaving Cuba,
with 50 per cent actually on the sick
report.
Replying to Colonel Gillespie, Buck
age said that from the 22d of June to
July the ration averaged one-half
short. Asked if he thought the com
mand actually suffered in health from
this lack of food, he replied very
simply: "I think it did. sir." He said,
however, that the men were not dis
posed to complain all the time, as they
felt the officers were doing all they
could for their men under the circum
stances.
The testimony of the others was of
the same general character. The en
listed men were ordered to report at
the court at 2 p. m. to-morrow.
Mill Valley Liquor Cases.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 27.— The Mill Val
ley liquor injunction cases were before
the Superior Court to-dny on motions to
strike out portions of the amended com
plaints on demurrer. After oral argument
they were submitted on briefs to be hero
after filed. The three cases at issue are
the suits of the Tamalpais Land and Wa
ter Company against J. H. Mclnnes, Eliza
Mclnnes and Dora Landgraff. A decision
is not expected for a month or six weeks.
A Pleasant Excursion.
SAUSALITO. Feb. 27.— J. C. Coleman.
acting president of the North Pacific
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1850-1898
Forty-eight years of
success prove these
troches to be the
best remedy extant
for Coughs, Hoarse-
ness, Bronchial and
I/ung Troubles.
Observe Fac-Simlle Signature of
on wrapper of every boa.
r*™*t Railway Company during the ah-
Coast « al S*^ident Stetson in Europe,
fnok a vlrn- ot 'seventeen members of the
rmmfrv Club on a pleasure excursion to
ffironthe company's palace coach
turdav The excursionists spent a
nTealant time hunting, fishing: and dining
Fn e the redwoods and returned to-day.
well satisfied with the trip.
. LA GRIPPE
ISfdlcal statistics eoßpUe^^ Uie f best
.__^^ world show that
/SJT \ over 60 per cent of
/J^— "\\ *the cases of ac-
fU, quired C O N -
il«V*^ SUMPTION are
ft 1° QJ due to LA
J GRIPPE. The
\ * over 60 per cent of
l \ the cases of ac-
\J quired CON-
*! SI'MPTION are
Q) due to L A
J GRIPPE. The
V — \ consumption de-
\- O \ velops owing to
V \ the weakened state
J-,, X of the luncs pro-
\ duced by the dip-
_yr \ ease. There ar»
yr i I. also other points
I I of weakness. Re-
I I fer to the numbers
.*- // on the chart.
~ </*l Study each ono
0 0 ° carefully. Fa-
V / millarlze your- #
I I / self with them. If
I J I you have an at-
€» 1 tack of La Grippe
I » begin the use of
HUDYAN as soon as the acute symp-
toms have subsided. " L n D AN ocrf 7 c t
bring about th« restoration to perfect
health.
THE PARTS AFFECTED ARE:
NOSK-It becomes inflamed and thick-
SStf- SSD^SSTtfe SSd^t'h'.^n.SS:
ma tion. produce a perfect circulation ot
blood ana leave the mucous membrane in
S^ffiS'E^R^UMf T&B MUCOUS
MEMBRANE OF THE EAR-It become.
Inflamed and thickened giving rise to al-
most total deafness. Hudyan will pre-
vent the spread of the '"« am^ tlo^,^2
drum will not be affected and hearing
TcHRONH? TONSILTTTS OR CHRON-
IC-SORETHROAT-Krom .the .same - causa
as the two preceding. HLDYAN win pre-
V ! n WEAKNESS ° iN THE HEART-
HiD An will strengthen the heart
nerves equalize the circulation of blood
and cause the heart-beats to become
''sTa'wEaIeVED condition of
AND CONSUMPTION-6y Its effect on
thV^ blood and nerves HUDYAN will
&&&&&&£££
7 9e T a rMBAGO OR WEAK BACK-
HUDYAN will 'strengthen It almost im-
m HrnYAK will cure all of the aboT*
"hudyanlemedy company,
No. 816 South Broadway.
Los Angeles, Cal.
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Tt» .
San Francisco. Cat. _ -
"When a Man Is Married
His troubles begin," if he has to depend
on an indifferent laundry at home to do
up his shirts, collars and cuffs. .. It
need be no cause of annoyance when
it is so easy to have your linen laun-
dered just like new by our perfect
methods, and at such prices as we
charge for laundering them in a man-
ner that guarantees satisfaction.
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market ' street Telephone
South 420 .
"PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK.
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVER.
A EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
For the Past 7 Years
FOR ALL USES AND USERS V- .
ON WOOD, GLASS, METAL. STONE, BRICK-
and FABRIC SURFACES; makes a perfect
amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 over any rtber
paint, stands 500 DEGREES OF HEAT with-
out scaling:.
BEAUTIFUL. ARTISTIC. DURABLE,
"WASHABLE. Prevents BARNACLES an 4
■ FOULING In SALT WATER, CORROSION
and RUST from exposure. Send 25c for SAM-
PLE bottle and pamphlet. "WHAT IS PEQA-
MOID?" ......
WESTERN AGENCIES CO.,
61 and 62. Chronicle Building, S. F.
Use f**%L Use
Woodbury's I *^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap. *^/ Facial Cream
Cleans, purifies and beautifies the skin and
clears the complexion of pimples, blotches and
blackheads. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book,
and receive sample of each free. JOHN H.
WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d St.. New York, - and
163 State St., Chicago.
ooaooo6o o o o o cs o q
I™ PALACE wg
•GRAND i9TEi?i
c BAH PRAHCISCO. fl
•f- Connected by a. covered passageway. *r
P 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. ~
O ■ All Under One Manigtment. Q
6 NOTE THE PRIOSS: Q
DEnropoan PIan. SI. OO per day and upward n
American P1an. 03.00 per day and upward
0 Correspondence Boltclted. Q
L Correspondence Solicited. ./ q
nW» 0. KIB&PA7RIOK. Kuugtr. q
. OIQQQOOO 000300 0 0 0 a a
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
IValer and Importer of all brands of COKB.
Tard* at HOWARD AND BEAJLK 8T&
DUMQNDLTT
riIHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
I Soeciuiist cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases' o^ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
Patients cuieri.it Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3<iHl!v:6.3oto3::JO ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul,
UUon free and' sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreaa
P. ROBCOE McXUIiTY, M.D.
2«V2 Kearny St., »»n Francisco. Cal.
>^DEWEY,SrroNG&CCf^g^ /'
Ci -patents! J
I \SSf33Q I MARKET SLSf.'^SSSfBELIEVE THAT
THE DANGER POINT
HAS BEEN PASSED
Friends of Rudyard Kipling Are
Now More Hopeful for His
Recovery.
00000000000000000
O NEW YORK, Feb. 28.— At 4 O
O o'clock this morning Rudyard O
© Kipling is sleeping. The attend- O
O ing physician states that there O
O has been no change in his condi- O
O tinn since midnight. Q
000000000 o-o 000000
NEW YORK. Feb. 27.— The latest
bulletins of Drs. Janeway and Dunham
last night indicate that the condition
of Rudyard Kipling Is slightly im-.
proved. Mrs. Kipling went out for a
drive shortly before 6 o'clock last
night. Although very pale and tired
she looked greatly relieved, and other
relatives and friends of the family
gathered at the Grenoble Hotel seemed
to believe that the danger point had
been passed. It is said that the pa
tient had had no convulsion during the
day; that there was no fear of menin
gitis. The heart was weak, but digi
talis strengthened it well.
At 12:30 o'clock this morning Drs.
Janeway and Dunham gave out the
following bulletin:
"Mr. Kipling is. as at the last re
port, holding his own. The advent of
BANK DIRECTORS
ASKED TO RESIGN
Demand Made by San
Jose Depositors.
Special Dispatch to The Calß
- SAN JOSE, Feb. 27.— The deposit o-rs
' of the Union Savings Bank held a meet
ing to-day, with about 200 in attend
• ance. The old board of directors of the
] bank was criticized and denounced by
W. Potter, C. \Y. Childs and Francis
.Pope were named as the depositors'!
choice fcr places i>n the board of direct
: ors to close the bank's business. A com
'; mittee of stockholders called and asked
.• that the depositors adopt resolutions re
questing the directors to resign. This
■ was done unanimously, and J. R.
Welch, F. W. Potter and Francis Pope
■were appointed a committee to wait on
' the directors at the meeting to-morrow
• and request them to vacate. A reso- i
lution requesting that immediate steps
•■ be taken to impeach the Bank Commis
.' Bioners u<r laxity in dealing with the
Union Bank before the failure had been
■ .prepared, with the intention that it be
-it up, but this was not done.
Francis Pope, a young attorney of
San. Francisco, whom the depositors
want to se»^ elected a director, made a
lengthy statement erf the bank's affairs
"as. he found them after a careful study.
He said Attorney General Ford notified
. the Bank Commissioners last Saturday
"that the board of directors of the Union
'-■Sav'-ies Bank in its entirety must re
sign. Commissioner B. D. Murphy had
'reiterated this. Pope said President W.
H. Wright was practicing the purest
hypocrisy when he published the state
ment that the directors were looking
after the depositors' interests, and that
no- trouble would occur in paying them
-dollar for dollar. The audience ex
pressed approval. He said the direct
ors with the exception of "W. H.
Wright, had forfeited their right to
ho-ld office by borrowing from the bank.
Ward Wright owed the bank $»000,' N. (
• Bowden $4239, Johnson $IK.OOO and E. A. ,
. Wheeler $307, while A. Friant was in- |
debted as ;he indorser on a number of j
notes W H. Wright was equally guilty
because with his knowledge the direct
ors had drawn the people's money ror
th«ir own personal use.
"• Pope has written a long letter to N.
Bowden, the bank's attorney, In which
he severely scores the board of direct- ,
ors He charges all the directors with
being guilty of a felony under section j
R of the Bank Commissioners' act. be- ;
cause of the loaning of $22,874 of savings ,
deports without security, and that they .
are guilty of reckless banking in havmg
borrowed money themselves The trans
fer of the bank's premises to Myra E.
Wright is denounced as having the ap-
Pe^p C e e c°o f nclude d s his letter by telling
them they are not fit and proper ptr
son^ to manage the bank, and that he
fntends to take steps to oust them.
STEAMSHIP FARES
ARE GOING DOWN;
Collapse of the Trans-Atlantic Pool
' . That for Years Has Controlled
• • • Bates.
LONDON. Feb. 27.-It Is announced on !
■.good authority that the steamship pool
• that for a number of years has controlled ,
the Price of passages between Southamp- !
. ton and Liverpool and New York has been j
b^^^-^earl^o^mS^ \
among its members all the leading trans
Atlantic companies, such as the ounaru,
the White Star, the American, the North
German Lloyd, the .Hamburg- American
and the French. The minimum -winter
rate for first-class passage was £15, the
minimum second-class rate averaged £8.
• Th"s applied only to the first-class steam
l € To°day f^und^pon-investigation that •
severaf companies were offering rates be- I
vnrk I called at the offices of the Amer- j
daS y they a expected to make a £12 rate ;
° n A M rumor I 'wa 8 current that \ the White j
fittr Company intended to meet the cut of
■•f^ other lines by making a £10 rate for
flrlt°class to New York, but this lacked
• rnn flrmation The maximum second-class
• 'ate ™t Ib understood, will be reduced
'•- to £7. _-._-■ ."
FOR A TOUR, OF HAYTI.
President Sam, Cabinet and Troops
• Leave on a Gunboat.
Kneclal Cable to The Call and the New York
■: Herald Copyrighted. 1899, by James Gordon
Bennett.
"• PORT-AU-PRINCE, Hayti, Feb. 27.
--. President Sam, .with his Cabinet, several:
regiments and a gunboat left this morn- ,
ing for a tour of the southern part of the I
: iepublic. They will , be gone several,
weeks. All in fjiiift here at present.
IJurline Salt Water Baths.
Boah and Larkin sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
»v^« cold tuD oath*. Saltwater direct fromoctta. I
a crisis may be delayed, as the In
flammation has developed in the upper
portion of the lungs, while the parts
originally affected had nearly resolved.
The severity of the disease during the
past few days has been due to the ad
vance <>f the inflammation upward
while the parts originally affected were
not yet available for respiration.
'E. D. JANEWAY.
"THEODORE DUNHAM."
At 3 o'clock Mr. Kipling's condition
was unchanged.
The Kipling children took their outing
in a hansom cab this morning. The
health of little Josephine, the youngest
child, is reported much improved.
.Mrs. Dunham, the wife of Dr. Dun
ham, and Dr. Theodore Janeway, son
of E. G. Janeway, spend much of their
time with the Kipling family. Mr.
Doubleday is looking after the family's
personal interests and welfare.
Joaquin Miller has been a daily caller
at the hotel, and he appeared as usual
this morning. He gave the clerk his
card and directed him not to send it up
until Mr. Kipling was bettor.
"He's having a hard fight of it now,"
said the poet of the Sierras, "and God
grant that he get well. He is a possible
Shakespeare if he lives. He's the great
est man that writes now, but he is a
mere boy."
GERMANY'S RULING
FAVORS OUR FRUITS
Oranges, Lemons ar)d F^aisiQS No
Looger to Be ExamiQed for
San Jose Scale.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— The Department of State has been In
formed by cable from Embassador White at Berlin that orders have
been issued according to which American oranges, lemons and raisins
imported, as well as American fresh or dried fruit passing through
Germany in bond, are no longer to be examined for San Jose scale.
The German Embassador to-day authorized the following: Ac
cording to cablegrams received at the Embassy to-day the Imperial
Secretary of State for the Interior has an interpretation of the im
perial order of the sth of February, 189 S. in which it is decreed that
certain kinds of fruit imported from America, such as oranges, lem
ons and raisins, are not to be regarded as "fruit" in the sense of the
imperial order and are therefore free from the San Jose scale inspec
tion provided for other fruit. Count Posadowski permitted further
the transit of fresh and dried as well as waste fruit (fruit refuse)
from America through Germany generally under the condition that the
goods are shipped through the German territory in bond.
THRICE FANNED
BY DEATH'S WING
Grim Despair of an Aged
Criminal.
Special DlFpatoh to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 27.— John Davis,
an old man from Napa, evidently de
rived enough pleasure out of life to
take no active measure toward -crossing
the dark river until last night. At that
time he was arrested by night watch
man Jacob Miller and charged with
grand larceny pursuant to an order
from Sheriff Dunlap of Napa County.
Since his arrest Davis has tried to de
part this life in three different ways,
every one of which came within an ace
of being successful, and Sheriff Tay
lor now has the prisoner closely guard
ed by two officers in order to prevent
his committing suicide.
A few weeks ago Davis stole a horse
and buggy at Napa, and, failing in an
endeavor to sell them, tied the horse
to a tree about ten miles from the city
and disappeared. Notification of the
crime and a description of the thief
were sent throughout the State, with
the result that last evening Miller ar
rested a man on suspicion and confined
him in the town jail. He afterward
admitted that he was the person
wanted.
At about 8 o'clock a prisoner named
Grover summoned Jailer Atchley to his
cell by shouting that I>avis was dying.
Dr. W. F. Jones was called and ar
rived just in time to use the stomach
pump and save the old man's life. It
was found that he had swallowed a
large dose of laudanum, which the offi
cer 'had failed to discover when the
prisoner was searched.
Grover sounded the alarm again at 4
o'clock this morning, yelling that Davis
was bleeding to death. With a wicked
looking knife he had severed the veins
of his left wrist and stabbed himself
three times in the breast. Grover and
the jailer managed to bind the wounds
sufficiently to stop the flow of blood,
and the old man dropped into a heavy
slumber, from which he did not awake
until this afternoon.
It is the custom to permit the prison
ers to roam around the corridor for a
part of the day. While Grover was out
of the cell Davis took a small rope
which he had carried wound around his
body and was making preparations to
hang himself to the door of the cell.
Another inmate perceived that Davis
was again trying to end his life, and
informed Under Sheriff Benson, who
took the rope away.
Since then Davis has been kept under
close surveillance, and he will be
watched until an officer arrives to take
him to Napa. The old man admits the
crime, and says that he carried the
laudanum, the knife and the rope,
which he called his "friends," In ex
pectation of being arrested. He told
Constable Treanor to-day that the next
time he would make "a good job of it,"
and declared he would never be tried
firf his deed.
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
TO BE MADE CARDINAL
Elevation of the American Prelate to
Take Place at the Next
Consistory.
LONDON, Feb, 27.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Dally News says he
learns on reliable authority that Arch
bishop Ireland will be created a Cardinal
at the next consistory.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1899.
CONFLICT IN
FRENCH GUIANA
The Trouble With the
Brazilians.
ADDITIONAL TROOPS SENT
EACH SIDE HURRYING AID TO
THE COMMISSIONS.
In the R«cent Collision Several Men
Were Killed and Wounded Among
Both of the Contending
Forces.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Feb. 27.—
Further advices from Cayenne, French
Gutana, say that additional French
troops have been dispatched to Couanl
because the Governor had information
that a strong body of Brazilians were
proceeding up the river. It is pre
sumed the French troops went to meet
them.
Every effort Is being made to sup
press the news. .But private advices
received from fugitive settlers say the
present state of affairs is due to
the Brazilians, who attacked the
Frenchmen, and forced the latter to act
in self defense after a hot dispute be
tween the commissioners, from which
the Brazilians hastily withdrew and
removed to their camp. In the col
lision a few men were killed and some
were wounded on both sides.
The camps, its appears, subsequent
ly maintained a watchful peace while
awaiting instructions. The natives are
said to be preparing to join in the fight
ing if hostilities are renewed, which is
causing the foreign settlers to flee from
the disturbed district, abandoning their
property. •
FOR THE DEFENSE OF
YOUNG JESSE JAMES
Among Witnesses Called to Prove an
Alibi Are the Mother and Grand
mother of the Accused.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 27.— The defense
in the train robbery case of Jesse James
to-day endeavored to prove an alibi for
the defendant and to impeach or dis
prove the prosecution's witnesses, espe
cially Passenger W. J. Smith, who on
Saturday identified James as one of the
robbers. It was divulged that Smith had
once been arrested for stealing flour. The
past life and character of James and his
general good reputation in this commu
nity, where he has lived ever since he was
a child, will be shown by the defense be
fore it closes.
A feature of the day's proceedings was
the appearance of Mrs. Zerelda Samuels,
74 years old, mother of the notorious
James brothers and grandmother of the
defendant. She testified that she was at
the James home on the night of the rob
bery, and that Jesse was sitting on the
porch with her when they heard the ex
plosion of the dynamite that wrecked the
express safes. Jesse James' mother, his
sister and the defendant himself gave
testimony to the same effect.
Mrs. Samuels attracted much attention
In the courtroom. Mrs. Samuels carried
one empty sleeve, her right arm having
been shot off by detectives who bombard
ed her house in attempting to arrest her
notorious sons. *
FEARS OF AN ATTEMPT
ON THE QUEEN'S LIFE
Why Victoria Has Abandoned the
Contemplated Trip to the Riveira
in March.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2.— A special to th©
World from London says: The World
correspondent hears to-night that Queen
Victoria has practically decided to aban
don her projected visit to the Rivelra. She
had arranged to start March 8.
This change of plans is not due to any
friction with France, but because of the
constant personal attacks by which her
advent has been heralded in the Nicois
Journal. .Remembering the assassination
of the "Empress of Austria, it is feared
that these attacks may incite some half
demented person to make an attempt on
the Queen's life, the mere shock of which
might prove fatal at her advanced age.
BABY CLIMBS UPON
A KITCHEN STOVE
Its Clothing Is Ignited and Death
Ends Its Agony Three
Hours Later.
CAYUCOS, Feb. 27.— The Infant son of
George W. Gillls, living fifteen miles
from here, was burned to death yester
day. While its mother was absent from
the kitchen, the child climbed upon the
stove and Its clothes caught flre. It lived
three hours.
The mother had just started the flre
and gone Into the yard after an armful
of wood, leaving the child on the floor.
She was gone only a few moments. Dur
ing her absence the child climbed up to
the stove and its clothes were ignited,
probably by a spark. When the mother
returned she was horrified at seeing the
baby's hair all ablaze and all its clothes
burned off except the shoes and stockings.
The house was open and a strong north
wind had fanned the spark Instantly into
a flame. The entire body was horribly
burned. The baby was her only child,
aged 13 months, and was Just beginning
[ to walk.
SLAUGHTER IN THE
MANILA STREETS AS
TOLD BY FILIPINOS
Aguinaldo's Representatives, of
Course, Place All the Blame
on Americans.
PARIS, Feb. 27.— The Filipino Junta
here received to-day a cablegram from
Manila, February 24, via Hongkong. It
says:
"The fire broke out in the Chinese
quarter during the Chinese new year
festivities. The Americans provoked
the owners by demolishing houses be
fore it was necessary. The Filipinos'
fire engine, owned by Senor Ganco and
worked by British subjects, was largely
instrumental in extinguishing the fire.
The Americans interfered with the na
tive salvagers and tried to capture the
engine, leading to a conflict. Harsh
conduct elsewhere led to general fight
ing. The Americans retired to the
walled city and the fleet bombarded the
suburbs, believing the city was en
dangered. This caused the Tondo fire.
"Aguirialdo's troops then attacked
and entered Tondo, Santa' Cruz arid
Guaipo. Conflagrations broke out at
Binondo and Malad and the city was
surrounded by a line of burning houses.
"The fighting continued Wednesday
and Thursday. The Americans by that
time were greatly fatigued by the sun,
fires and continual service." On the
other hand the Filipinos were continu
ously reinforced and the Americans
closed the Puente de Espana, to pre
vent the Filipinos from invading the
walled city. The Americans then fired
on every one standing at the doors and
windows and thus killed the engineer
of the Andrews cotton mill. The for
eigners applied to the foreign ships for
help and a number of marines were to
be landed when Admiral Dewey inti
mated that such landing would be an
act of hostility and that his ships would
fire upon any landing party. Some
British bluejackets, however, landed
unarmed to act as firemen and re
mained to guard the British consulate,
banks and other British property. The
Andrews cotton mills belonging to Brit
LIGHT SHOWERS
IN THE INTERIOR
Rain Falls in Several
Localities.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 27.— The sky is
heavy with clouds to-night, and a light
sprinkle of rain has fallen. The wind
is southeast and the outlook is promis
ing for a storm.
STOCKTON, Feb. 27.— Stockton had
enough of a sprinkle of raJn ihis even-
Ing to count on the record as a trace.
The sky is still cloudy and there is
promise of more rain before morning.
T7KIAH, Feb. 27.— Rain has fallen
here at intervals in the past twenty
four hours, ending in a downpour to
night, and the prospects are for a heavy
storm.
BALLARD, Feb. 27.— 1n spite of ad
verse weather conditions grain that
was sown on well cultivated land is
strong, of good color, and will stand
several weeks of dry weather. A large
acreage thoroughout the Santa Tnez
Valley was simply "scratched in," and
would not make a crop under favorable
"circumstances. The Santa Ynez Land
and Improvement Company, controlling
a large portion of these' farming lands,
has announced that henceforth all grain
lands must be plowed at least five
inches deep. /rass is suffering and
needs rain badly. Most of the stock
sent to outside ranges last summer has
been shipped back and is doing well.
WOODLAND, Feb. 27.— The long
north blow is over, at least for the
present Cloudy weather, a falling
barometer and a south breeze encour
ages farmers and fruit-growers to hope
that they are soon to have a refreshing
rain.
ELVIA CROX SEABROOKE
SEEKS ABSOLUTE DIVORCE
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— The fact that
Mrs. Elvia Crox Seabrooke has finally be
gun a suit for absolute divorce aginst her
husband, Thomas Q. Seabrooke, the actor,
came out in the Supreme Court to-day,
when Attorney A. H. Hummel, represent
ing Mrs. Seabrooke, applied to Justice
Glldersleeve for the appointment of a
commission to take the testimony in the
suit in San Francisco.
The matrimonial differences of the Sea
brookes have been aired on many occa
sions, and rumors that the pretty actress
intended to sue for an absolute divorce
have been going the rounds among theat
rical folk for many months. Until now,
however, Mrs. Seabrooke has been satis
fled with a suit for separation only.
The facts upon which the new suit is
based were kept secret to-day. The name
of the corespondent was guarded closely
by Mr. Hummel. According to Hummel,
Mrs. Seabrooke is now the prima donna
of an opera company touring the Pacific
Coast. Justice Gildersleeve to-day said
he would grant Hummel's application for
a commission to take testimony.
CONSTABLE CREED
WILL HOLD OFFICE
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 27.— The suit of
Eugene Cramer of Sausalito to oust Con
stable John E. Creed from office on the
grounds that he was Ineligible by reason
! of having been convicted of. robbery, and
J that the election officials of Sausalito and
I Richardson precincts unduly influenced
I voters against casting their ballots as re
quired by law, was decided in favor of
the defendant to-day by Superior Judge
F. M. Angellotti.
The first ground was decided not well
taken, because Creed was pardoned out of
San Quentin on May 25, 18X1, his citizen
ship being thereby restored. As regards
i the second .ground. Judge Angellotti de
| cided that, as the official proclamation of
! the Board of Supervisors called for the
I election of two men and the ballots were
marked for two, those directions should
have been followed by the electors with
i out regard to what wag told them by the
i election officials. The election proelama
j tion should have been held as final.
It was further stated in the decision
'■■ that if the precincts complained of had
been thrown out the result would have
| been the same.
SUBJECT TO BE DEBATED.
Stanford and Berkeley "Will Discuss
the Philippine Question.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 27.—
The Stanford University /debating team
this afternoon secured from Berkeley the
question for the intercollegiate debate. It
is as follows: "Resolved. That the reten
tion of the Philippines is contrary to the
principles for which this Government
i should stand." The team will take a
i week for consideration before selectipg
the side on which it will debate.
ish subjects suffered severely. The
Americans searched British buildings
seeking insurgents.
"Indiscriminate street shooting was
prevalent. Men, women and children
were killed. The bodies of 140 Ameri
cans have already been collected. Their
loss in killed and wovlnded will reach
400. The bodies of 320 Filipino men, 425
women and 280 children have been re
covered in the streets. About 500 na
tives were woilnded.
"The loss to foreign property Is esti
mated at $500,000 and to native property
$600,000. About 300 houses were burned.
General Montenegro commanded the
Filipinos. Aguinaldo is still at Marila.
Many foreigners embarked on board the
ships. About eighty Chinese were killed
while trying to enter the walled city.
The people killed at the Andrews mill
were accused of harboring natives,"
ANTI-AMERICAN
DECREE OF FILIPINOS
HONGKONG, Feb. 27.— The Filipino
Government has issued another viru
lent anti-American decree, in which
the following passages occur:
The American guns respect neither hon
or nor property, but barbarously mas
sacre women and children. Manila has
witnessed the most massacres. Conns
cation of the properties and savings or
the people at the point of the bayonet and
shooting the defenseless, accompanied by
odious acts of abomination, repugnant
barbarism and racial hatred, are worse
than the doings in Carolina, Unless you
conjure a holy war for independence you
are only worthy to be slaves and pariahs.
Proclaim before the civilized world that
vnu will fight to the death against Amer
ican treachery and brute force. Even the
women should, if necessary. American
professions and promises are pure hypoc
risy They covet the spoils of this patri
mony of our race, wishing to implant here
a more irritating and barbarous dominion
than in the past.
FROM BULLETS
AND DISEASE
Casualties at Manila Up
to Date.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— The follow
i ing report was received from General
Otis to-day:
MANILA, Feb. 27.— Adjutant General,
"Washington: Following deaths since last
I -weekly report; February IK— Private
1 James S. Morris, M, First Tennessee, varl-
I ola; 19th, Chaplain John R. Thompson,
First Washington, acute Interocllitls; Pri
vates Wiliam F. Stanley, F, First Mon
tana, malarial fever; 20th, Arthur Ram
say. F, First Colorado, spinal meningitis;
j Robert L. Vaneman, I, Thirteenth Mm!
-! nesota, variola; Henry K. Saunders, F,
Fourteenth Infantry, dysentery; 21st. Cor
poral Harry R. Stroud, L, First Washing
ton, dysentery; Private Jamos Ganong,
D, First Idaho, variola; 22d, Jacob Huth,
X, Fourteenth Infantry, variola; 23d, An
drew C. Cole, D, Fourteenth Infantry,
' variola; Adolnh Agidius F, First Idaho,
dysentery; 24th, Albert Haviland, F, First
Colorado, variola.
Died of wounds received in action: ISth.
First Sergeant W. H. Cooke, F, First Ne
braska; 19th, Private Eli E. Clampitt, G,
Third Artillery; 20th, John Sorenson I,
First Montana; 21st. Edward Day, A, First
Nebraska; 24th, John Alley, D, First
braska.
MANILA, Feb. 27.— The casualties to
date by regiments are as follows:
1, Killed. Wounded.
First Calif.-trnia Regiment 6 *•> 28
| First Washington 14 59
1 Idaho Regiment ■ .6 29
i Fourth Cavalry None 2
Fourteenth Infantry 14 - 35
North Dakota Regiment Nona 1
Wyoming Regiment 1 -2
Sixth Artillery None 2
Third Artillery 6 35
Twentieth Kansas Regiment.. 6 36
First Montana. Regiment...... 5 44
Tenth Pennsylvania....'. 2 7
First Colorado 3 7
First Nebraska 8 24
First South Dakota 6 9
Utah Artillery 3 6
Twenty-third Infantry :'-t'\t\&.:' ' 1
Thirteenth Minnesota None 13
Second Oregon -- 1 ' .1
Eighteenth Infantry 1... 1 5
Medical Department 1 ' 1
General "Wheatdn relieves General
King, who is sick at San Pedro Macate.
MANY COAST ITEMS IN
SUNDRY CIVIL BILL
Appropriations for Public Buildings
and Improvement at Various
Harbors.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— The sundry
civil appropriation bill tinder considera
tion by the Senate this evening contained
the following' Pacific Coast items: For
the postoffice and courthouse at San Fran
cisco, for continuation of the building un
der the present limit, $500,000; for expenses
of the United States steamer Thetis for
Bix months in transporting reindeer to
the coast of Alaska, 520,000; for construc
tion of a revenue cutter for service on
the Pacific Coast, $112,500, and total cost
of $225,000; for tidal indicator and founda
tion of a revenue cutter for service on
catraz Island, ' San Francisco Harbor,
$459,3; harbor and bay at Humboldt, Cal.,
completing improvement, $143,115; for con
tinuation of stone wall at the Presidio
of San Francisco, $5000; for establishing
lipht and fog signal station at Point Ar-
Kuello. $35,0u0; for construction of tele
phone line from lighthouse at Table Bluff
to Salmon Creek, $1500; Point Hueneme
light station, for right of way to public
road, $2000; for construction of telephone
line from United States lighthouse at
Point Trinidad to Trinidad, $250; harbor
at Oakland, $133,000; for construction of
breakwater at San Pedro, $200,000; Yaqui
na Bay. Oregon. $150,000; Grays Harbor,
Washington, $285,000:
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Assistant Surgeon Anderson Has
Been Ordered to Manila.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— 8y direction
of the Secretary of War Acting Assistant
Surgeon Thomas B. Anderson is relieved
from further duty at Port Meyer," and
will proceed to New York and report in
person to Major Alfred E. Bradley. Bri
gade Surgeon United States Volunteers,
commanding the hospital ship Relief, for
transportation to Manila, and on arrival
there will report in person to the com
manding general of the Department of
the Pacific for assignment to duty. First
Sergeant Charles Stream, • sergeant.
Troop D, Fourth United States Cavalry,
now at Fort Yellowstone, upon his own
application, is transferred as a private to
Troop B, Fourth United States Cavalry,
and will be sent to the station of that
troop at the Presidio of San Francisco.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— David Morris, Oak
land, $6; George T. Fessenden, Pomona, J6.
Oregon: Original— Edward Van Scheick,
Montavilla, $6.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
doWget dp
with a lame back?
Kidney Trouble Makes You Miserable.
SWAMP-ROOT Is the Great Remedy for Kidney, Bladder
and Uric Acid Troubles. — To Prove for Yourself Its
Wonderful Merits, You May Have a Sample Bottle Sent
FREE by Mail
You are in no danger of being sick if
you keep your kidneys well.
They filter your blood and keep it
pure and free from disease-breeding
germs.
Your other organs may need care, but
your kidneys most, because they do
most.
If you are sick, begin with your kid-
neys, because as soon as they are well
they will help all the other organs to
health.
The treatment of some diseases may
be delayed without danger, not so with
kidney disease.
Swamp-Root is the great medical tri-
umph of the nineteenth century; dis-
covered after years of untiring effort
and research by the eminent kidney and
bladder specialist. Dr. Kilmer, and has
truly wonderful healing action on the
kidneys and bladder.
It will be found by both men and wo-
men just what is needed in all cases of
kidney and bladder disorders, lame
back, dull pain or ache in the back,
gravel, catarrh of the" bladder, rheuma-
tism, sciatica, neuralgia, uric arid
troubles and Brighfs disease, which is
the worst form of neglected kidney
trouble.
If your water when allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
SMUGGLER SIGHTED
OFF SANTA BARBARA
Peculiar Movements of a Strange
Craft Near Anacapa
Island.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 27.— For many
years it has. been thought that Santa Bar
bara and vicinity were the base of a nest
of systematic smugglers. On several oc
casions during the last ten years the Gov
ernment has sent detectives here to in
vestigate, and although they always felt
sure smuggling was being carried on they
have never succeeded in getting any defi
nite Information. Last Wednesday, as
Captain Abrabas of the Olita was round
ing the east end of Santa Cruz Island, he
saw a strange vessel apparently anchored
off the west shore of Anacapa Island, four
miles distant. .He could see a skiff low
ered and three men enter it after consid
erable delay and make for the shore. With
the smuggler stories fresh in mind he
made for the strange vessel and got with
in two miles of her, when she took on
board the skiff and made for the open sea.
Her movements were very strange, hut as
OF" INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Pnrchasers' Guide to Responsible merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Seal Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
S- to Commanding Witt Any »f tto Fylh.lM Tlxma Finn Xmtln "Th« C»1L" .
'1_ .. J--I ■li i ■■!■ I-HIH-MW • ' !■■■*!
' BELTING.
Ln ntr.tvi Manufacturer of Belting: nnd
I*. 1/CUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS. I
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
. W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. '
EDeclal Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work- .
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone . Main 5045. * •
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY..
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
• 'Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
• CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDICU S. CANC— and Dealers In
DKltn tt 3 Landaus. Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Oolden Gate aye. and Polk
St.. San Francisco.
COAL. COKE and pig iron.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
800 BATTERY STREET. :f;i -^
Telephone Main ISM.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE. .
REDIN6TON £i Pn SecondandSteven-
ntUmUlUrl Qk UUi son Sts. Tel. Main 4
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
tic DAVGC tTA Shipping Butchers. 104
JASv KUICJ a Ul,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
IRON FOUNDERS. ,
Western Foundry. Morton & HedleT. Prop*..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503,
settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
is evidence that your kidneys and blad-
der need immediate attention.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root corrects
inability to hold water and promptly
overcomes that unpleasant necessity of
being compelled to go often during the
day and to get up many times during
the night.
This prompt, mild and wonderful
remedy is easy to get at the drugstores,
in fifty-cent or one-dollar bottles. Make
a note of the name. SWAMP- ROOT. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and remember it
is prepared only by Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton. N. Y.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, among the helpless too poor to
purchase relief, and has proved so suc-
cessful that a special arrangement has
been made by which all readers of The
Tall, who have not already tried it. may
have a sample bottle sent absolutely
free by mail. Also a book telling more
about Swamp-Root and containing
some of the thousands upon thousands
of testimonial letters received from men
and women who owe their good health,
in fact their very lives, to the wonderful
curative properties of Swamp-Root. Be
sure and mention the San Francisco
Daily Call when sending your address
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
a heavy wind was blowing and she was a
much larger i essel than the one Abrabas
was on. she soon was out of sight.
The west end of Anacapa offers excel
lent hiding places for just such work. The
supposition is that the small fishing craft
which travel between here and the island
bring the smugglers' goods to the main
land. Captain Vasquez of the Pearl also
saw the vessel and is of the opinion that
she did not want her movements known.
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT
PROTESTS TO CHINA
LONDON. Feb. 28.— The Peking corre
spondent of the Times says: The Rus
sip.n Government has protested to th*
Tsung I>a Yamen against the terms of
the Niuchwang Railway extension loan
recently subscribed in London on the
ground that the clause appointing a Brit
ifh subject chief engineer of the line is la
conflict with the Russo"-Chinese agree
ment.
BERLIN. Feb. 27.— According to an offi
cial dispatch . from Peking several Ger
mans were grossly insulted and afterward
assaulted at Tientsin. " They had great
difficulty in escaping from their assail
ants.
IT ■ * ■ - - ■ I -i -■-■» i.i li-i- l-l _-!_ ■_ _■_ -ir-i i/■ ■ - i g
LIQUORS.
Gudold Whisky ; :...-.. .$1.50, cge $«.00
P. C. O. Whisky !.... .»Jg
L. CAIJEN & SON.
418 Sacramento street. San Francisco.
PAPER DEALERS.
Will AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER C 0...
VI ILLMITILI IE 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINT
E C HUGHESmg^
; . ; STATIONER AND PRINTER.
*cSX 'PARTRIDGE %S»z.
' THE HICKS- JUDD CO., SS^alg^^
TYPEWRITERS.
■^^;.;All Typewriters Rente!
SfcJi^t^Art Few partly used for sale cheaa.
AnUtSL • AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
! Igppg^ L& M. ALEXANDER.
"^"tt — " 110 Montgomery street.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
For-rcnr't'inir Agents and Public -Weigher*. G. -
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehoosea. Gen.
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI ITVIIV Headquarters for fine Jewelrj and
• LUNIIIt -;i is-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d at.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
I, Mined by the
BLACK "DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES. - , : .
Is the Best Coal in the Market.
,: ©ScTand Yar<U-450 Mala Htr.it.
56
TUESDAY. . . FEBRUARY 28, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .
.- Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
.PUBLICATION OFFICE... ...Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mai!. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL . (Including Sunday Call), one year $G.OO
DAILY CAJ..L (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 month* IJSO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month - wsc
SUNDAY CALLOne Year 1 - 5 °
WEEKLY CALL. One Year ••• l '°°
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
" Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE- - -• - 908 Broadway \
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE R»«« H ° us «
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGINEBS, Advertising Representative
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Mont C omery street, co.rncr Ctoy,
open until 9:30 o'clock 387 Hayes street, open until
6:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street. open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £291 Market
street corner Sixteenth, open until 9s o clock- 2518
P Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '0« Elsventl)
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second «na
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMU. hMhNT*
Columbia— "The Sign of the Cross.
California— "East Lynne."
Tivoll— "Madeline, or the Magic Kiss."
Alcazar— "The Girl I Left Behind Me." »
■ Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "A Trip Across the Ocean."
■ Grand Opera House— Ellis Opera Company. Monday even-
ing. March 13.
Chutes and 2Joo— Pianka, the "Lady of Lions."
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
" Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Aihambra— "Dewey the Hero of Manila." Monday evening,
March €. - : . ■' '"
Alhnmbra— Sousa Concerts. Friday evening. March 3.
AULTIOiN SALES.
By Killip & Co.--Saturday. March 4. at 12 m., Thorough-
' bred Horses, at Oakland Race' Track.
REPUBLICAN PLEDGES.
WHILE the election of Dan. Burns would be a
knockout blow, his defeat, not because of his
intrinsic importance, but as a demonstration of
sincerity, would give the Republican party the great
est, lift it has had for years. The Republican press
and the Republican speakers during the last campaign
assured the people of two facts— first, that the ques
tion of funding the debt of the Central Pacific was
settled, and therefore not an issue, which was strictly
true; and, second, that the railroad was out of poli
tics, which was based upon railroad assurances be
lieved to be true, but in reality false. The election
largely turned on these statements, which gave a rea
sonable guarantee to sound money Democrats, as well
as to Republicans, that, without treachery of any kind,
the important issues declared in the platforms were to
be settled. The result was a vindication of Repub
lican principles in this State that corresponded to their
triumph throughout the Union.
That the railroad has falsified its declaration* and
that Dan Burns is its candidate is proved to a moral
certainty. Political hardihood would shrink from de
nying these facts. Even though he were qualified,
even though he were not fatally disqualified, there
fore, his success would mean that the State organi
?ation of the Republican party, aided and abetted by
municipal and county organizations, deliberately
cheated the people. No party could stand this dis
honorable record. On the other hand, if the railroad
be held down to its promises, if Republican pledges
-ire redeemed, and if some honorable, competent and
independent gentleman, of whom there are some before
■ the" Legislature and many in the party, be elected in
the face of the unholy combinations and the bold de
fiance of the people that have marked the candidacy
of Dan Burns, public confidence will be justified and
increased to an extent that will insure Republican
success, at least in State elections, for years to come.
The railroad makes a hard fight because of its concen
trated selfishness and its secret machinations in busi
ness and among individuals. No intelligent and hon
•orable citizen desires to injure its interests. But its
own welfare would be promoted by the defeat of Dan
Burns. Its rights can be and ought to be protected,
but it does not own and cannot permanently domi
nate the State, and there is n.o reason why its disquali
fied representative should be promoted to a Federal
Senatorship. The obstinacy that would insist upon such
an outrage and such a repudiation of formal pledges
would be an evidence not of power but of weakness.
Moreover, no member of the Legislature who has any
respect for himself or ambition for the future can
afford to break his word, and, in view of the excep
tionally definite and positive assurances of 1898, in
which every candidate on the Republican ticket was
represented, subserviency to the railroad designs,
scenting the bait and entering the trap sprung by the
announcement of Dan Burns on January 2, 1899,
would be a disgraceful infidelity from which there could
be no recovery. This is an instance similar to the
case of Howard E. Wright, in which the -.claptrap of
vindication from substantial charges will surely fail.
Each legislator who disgusts his constituents and
satirizes his State by a vote against his pledge and
his conscience will be more likely to draw to himself
the reproach that Caesar addressed to Brutus — "et tv
quoque mi fili."
Chinatown should be kept under police rule as
strict as martial law. Among other reforms there
ought to be that depriving the Chinese of the right
•to possess arms. Every person and every house needs
to be searched in the interest of public safety, and the
Chinese found with knife or gun be given the limit
of the law.
The report that the Quay jury had been "fixed"
will pain the Pennsylvania Senator, particularly if
true, for the trial has been postponed, and any fixing
there may have been will represent useless expense.
While the change in the management of the pound
is satisfactory it would have been more pleasing still
had it involved the impounding of a lot of the subor
dinate ruffians who have been connected with it.
The officer who testified that he thought the army
btef good, but that to eat it made him sick, must have
been reared on beef of such quality as to leave no
doubt of its badness.
Spanish immigrants, ever since the war, have been
pouring into this country. Evidently the people over
there -do not believe all their papers have said
about us.
Possibly it was contemplation of the lack of en
thusiasm with which his disarmament scheme was
• -«eted th?* has caused the Czar's illness.
ATTACKING THE PRESIDENT.
IT is expected that Jerry Simpson and other Jerries
will attack the President personally in connection
with public policies, and it is not expected that
they will be scrupulous in picking the mud they
throw. But when the President is attacked from his
own political household the matter takes on a totally
different aspect. Mr. Johnson of Indiana, who here
tofore commanded much respect by his independence
in voting on public questions, has compelled disre
spect by his personal attack on the President. The
House and the country will listen patiently and profit
ably to argument and reason for and against holding
the Philippines and indefinite extension of our bor
ders and our power, but neither the House nor the
country heard- with patience or profit Mr. Johnson's
envenomed attack on the motives of the President.
His statement that the executive has been controlled
entirely in taking or letting alone islands and cities by
the inter^| of men who gave large sums to his cam
paign in 1896 is something exceedingly, vile and unbe
coming. Mr. Joiinson does not pretend recently ac
quired knowledge of such contributions nor of their
requital. He enlarges this piece of evidence as an ac
cessory, but it is significant that he did not turn state's
evidence until after his own defeat for re-election and
the close of his own public career. His righteous soul
remained steeped in the sulphurous knowledge of
these campaign contributions for nearly three years
before it got on the housetop and proclaimed iniquity
from the ridgepole thereof. The stomach of his con
science never turned until he saw the backs of his con
stituency, and then he retched in public and spilled the
soured contents of his memory into the Congressional
Record.
The country, has not been moved to mutiny and
rage against the President by this exhibition, and the
only effect visible is the exertion of stepping over the
muss Mr. Johnson made in getting rid of something
which, if he had at all, was one of the confidences that
public men respect. Plain and honest people think
that if he felt so about campaign contributions and
knew that these had been made he should have re-
signed his seat long ago and appeared in the political
highway with his staff and scrip to denounce the in
iquity which has nauseated him only just now, so long
after the fact.
The opponents of expansion and all for which it
stands will keenly regret that Mr. Johnson, and his
emetic emotions are not on the other side of the
question, and will begin to despair at the sinister pros
pect offered by such allies as he and Colonel Bryan.
The President has repeatedly said that Congress is
to make permanent disposition of the Philippines, and
Congress is to be reached and controlled by the peo
ple who elect it. The way to finally determine the
whole issue, then, is by going to the people with rea
son, argument and fact, and not with the weapons of
detraction and betrayal with which Mr. Johnson has
armed his too active jaw.
THE POUND RESCUED.
THE Committee on Health and Police of the
Board of Supervisors at a meeting Friday agreed
to report in favor of appointing James VV. Wal
ton to the position of poundkeeper, vice F. A. Os
born, term expired. Mr. Walton is a member of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and
has been appointed for the purpose of again giving
that organization control of the public pound.
The pound was taken from the society by the late
Democratic Board of Supervisors solely for politi
cal reasons. No charges had been filed against the
poundkeeper, and there were no allegations that he
had not discharged his duties satisfactorily, but the
politicians wanted the pound, and the board in a weak
moment acceded to their wishes.
The result has been an unending series of scan
dals. Scarcely a week has passed sjnee the change was
made that the Police Judges have not been called
upou to adjudicate charges against deputy pound
keepers. Men have been assaulted, women insulted,
small boys whipped, all sorts of cruelties perpetrated
upon animals, and lawlessness in every form indulged
in by the poundkeeper's deputies. In their pursuit ol
fees these officials have entirely disregarded not only
the law, but the rights of the people.
Considerable pressure was brought to bear upon the
late board with a view to inducing it to again return
the control of the pound to the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, but all the influence
that could- be exerted was ineffectual. The politicians
having got hold of the pound refused to let go. It
is to the credit of the Committee on Health and Po
lice that it at last has dismissed the political pound
keeper and restored the institution to its old man
agers. Outrages of all kinds will now cease, because
the members of the society are reputable citizens who
will not tolerate lawless conduct on the part of their
employes. Besides, the cruelties that have heretofore
been practice ' .vill be discontinued. Thus the people
and the anin als will make a clear gain, and the
Board at Supervisors will receive the credit which is
its due.
MUNICIPAL PROBLEMS.
A WORK of considerable value to all students of
municipal problems is a newly issued pamphlet
containing the proceedings of the second an
nual convention of the League of American Munici
palities held at Detroit last year.
The discussions, which occupied four days, covered
a wide range, and included every important depart
ment of municipal work. Their value lies in the fact
that the debates were not by theoretical speculators
en government, but by men who had performed in
office the work of civic adminstration, and who, there
fore, spoke from a practical knowledge of the sub
jects.
One of the most interesting features of the pro
ceedings was the showing made of the results attained
in the municipal ownership and operation of water
works. Thus ex-Mayor Hillyer "of Atlanta reported
that the city owns its water works and has been oper
ating them for twenty-one years. Water thoroughly
filtrated and cleansed is furnished to private parties at
10 cents per thousand gallons; manufacturers are sup
plied at a graduated rate proportioned to the quan
tity used, and hydrants are established at various parts
of the city where, washerwomen and the poor obtain
an abundant supply*tree of cost. The total cost of the
plant was $764,482. Its value is now estimated at
$2,500,000, and it yields the municipality an annual
income of $180,000 in cash, besides furnishing all the
water required for schoolhouses, Fire Department,
sewer flushing and other public uses.
The object of the league is to bring officials of the
various municipalities of the country together in or
der that they may have the advantage of counseling
with one another as to the best means of dealing with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1899.
the complex problems of a modern city. In that way
much good has been already accomplished, and it is
likely the beneficial effects will increase as the work
of the league goes on. The publications of the pro
ceeding? of the conventions are in many ways valuable
contributions to the solution of important issues, and
will doubtless have a notable effect in educating the
public mind concerning them.
|~\ERHAPS before these lines meet the eye Rud-
L/ yard Kipling will have been called from the
* sphere in which, towering high above all his
fellows, he is acknowledged master. Literature could
not in the death of any other one person sustain a loss
so grievous as would be inflicted were the eyes of this
giant of letters, this sorcerer of phrase, to be forever
closed now when his mental powers can be reckoned
scarcely to have reached their zenith.
There is none to take his place. There is no other
poet whose work is so majestically resonant. There is
no other whose songs can stir principalities and peo
ples, nor who, pouring <^it his soul in verse, can start
a wave of emotion which stops only at the outermost
bound where English is spoken. The power to do
this belongs to Kipling alone. Each time he has ut
ttred his thought in the heroic meter which imitation
vainly essays it has been as though a thrill passed over
the universe of intellect. It has been the voice of
nation to nation, or the trumpet tone of one inspired
thundering warnings to a world. And the world has
heeded.
Not alone as a poet must Kipling be judged. His
prose is luminous, strong, fascinating. Had he never
written a line of poetry, his renown would have been
secure, He never touched upon a theme, however
commonplace in itself, but there was in the finished
product the distinct mark of genius. His short
stories excel those of any among authors who have
entered that field, for they do not depend upon the
horrible and the grotesque. Some of them are from
beginning to end an expression of happiness. In
some there is a depth of pathos most sweet and ten
der and true. Some have the element of horror, and
they are uncanny, terrible, holding the reader to the
end captivated and overwhelmed with a sense of the
superior mind conceiving them and the unapproach
able style of their treatment.
England claims Kipling, but America denies that
he can be considered less than the common property
of the Anglo-Saxon race. He has written for all of
us. America admires and loves his work. In the
veins of his children there runs American blood. His
fame is as wide as civilization, his following not lim
ited by the lines of republic nor empire.
Everywhere there are fervent prayers that the
writer and poet shall be spared, and if he be taken
the residents of the continents and of the isles of the
sea will mourn with an equal sorrow.
OSCAR POLACK, a Hamburg importer of
California products, who is now in this State
on business, gave our fruit-packers and
shippers a good deal of sound advice through an in
terview published in The Call of Monday. In the
course of his counsel as to the best means of promot
ing the consumption of California fruits in Europe
Mr. Polack said:
"California growers should also see to it that when
they export their goods there should be nothing mis
leading in the labels. There appears to be a laxity of
method in the labeling, 'prime' and 'fancy' being used
indiscriminately, and 'choice' being applied to fine
yellow apricots, for instance, as well as to the black
and poorer grade. Then, too, they should guard
against having their cases branded as I saw some once
in a Hamburg warehouse. On one end of the case
was printed 'Italian prunes,' while on the other end
read 'Fancy California prunes.' They came from a
New York firm and had been put up by the Van
couver Packing Company of Vancouver, B. C. I
took them to be Oregon prunes from the thick skin
and large pit, but the flavor was good, though slightly
acid. This conflict of labeling should be stopped, fox
it tends to shake confidence in the shipper."
By that statement attention is again directed to the
practice of fraudulent labeling which has now become
one of the most serious evils of our commerce and one
of the greatest handicaps placed upon the progress of
honest industry. Mr. Polack is in error, however, in
supposing the wrong to be one which Californians
can remedy. We are the victims and not the per
petrators of the practice. When the products of other
States are marked as the products of California it is
not in our power to prevent or to punish.
For some time past the New York dairymen have
been making earnest efforts to procure the enactment
by Congress of a law requiring all products to be
honestly labeled as to the place where produced and
the name of the packer. California ought to cordially
assist the New Yorkers in their contest. We are
even greater sufferers than New York from fraudu
lent labeling, and it is to be hoped Mr. Polack's clear
statement of the damage to our fruit trade in Europe
by the practice will have the effect of rousing our peo
ple to the importance of procuring national legisla
tion on the subject.
THE tribute paid to The Call by the often
repeated declaration that it is one of two jour
nals that have so far blocked the shameful game
of Dan Burns and the railroad is complimentary, but
undeserved. The public or legislative memory is
hardly short enough for the vast number of extracts
from influential papers in the interior of the State, and
for the numerous resolutions of Republican Central
Committees antagonizing this indescribable candi
dacy, to have been forgotten. This kind of material,
which illustrates the almost unanimous sentiment of
Republicans and other reputable citizens, is still pro
duced daily in this State and in other States, and has
so enormously accumulated that its republication
would require a special edition.
Then the qualified and respectable Republican gen
tlemen at Sacramento whose supporters have thus far
almost held down Burns and Grant to their original
votes deserve some credit, which The Call has no de
sire to appropriate. It would be as puzzling to find
any solid influence, apart from the railroad and its
satellites, in favor of Dan Burns as it would be to
discover any party service in his record or any per
sonal qualifications in him that would justify or pal
liate his success.
Filipinos are said to be crying for peace, but hold
ing on to their rifles. Such tears as they shed must be
of the crocodile brand, of which Assemblyman John
son is supposed to have a monopoly.
For the most reliable flews concerning Manila
thoughtful people are not looking to messages which
come by way of Madrid.
Alger's dismissal has again been prepared by a
thoughtful correspondent, but the Secretary of War
ha 3 not yet "OKed" it..
THE GIANT OF LETTERS.
THE QUESTION OF LABELS.
BURNS fIND TKJE PRESS.
SUPERVISORS
WILL APPEAL
TREIR CASE
They Gain by the
First Decision.
IN AN ANOMALOUS POSITION
PLAN FOR A MISSION PARK GOES
OVER UNTIL JUNE.
Proceedings Looking to the Condem
nation of the Former Jewish
Cemetery Post
poned. '^
An Innocent resolution, recommending
that special counsel be employed to ap
peal the case of the Mutual Electric Lighi
Company against the city to the Supreme
Court, precipitated a heated debate at the
meeting of the Supervisors yesterday.
The resolution was presented by Super
visor Kalben, and for a time he was alone
in the open fighting for it. He was joined
later by Supervisors Collins and Holland
while the opposition was represented by
Supervisors Byington, Laekmann and
Deasy. After the resolution, which called
for the appointment of John H. Durst as
special counsel for the board, had been
read a request was made that It be read
again. The discussion then ensued on the
point as to why the city should appeal a
case when its loss meant a benefit to the
public. Supervisor Byington desired to
know why the board should appeal. Under
the decision of the Superior Court there
will be competition tn lighting, which
meant reduction in price.
In defense of the resolution Supervisor
Collins said the law was on the side of
the board, and he for one did not like to
see the case go against the members. He
did not want to stand in the way of public
improvements, but he would be sorry to
see this decision go against them. Super
visor Byington pressed the question as to
why, if he was in favor of public im
provements, he stood in the way of the
Mutual Electric Light Company and its
right to erect poles. Mayor Phelan came
to ths aid of Mr. Byington, saying the
constitution allows corporations the right
tQ use the streets for the erection of poles
"without permission of the authorities.
Supervisor Holland suggested that an
appeal be taken and a speedy hearing se
cured, as there seemed a decided differ
ence of opinion in the premises. He
thought this action would bo better for
the electric company and for all con
cerned. Mr. Laekmann urged that the
city should not appeal. Such action would
benefit the gas company, and that cor
poration could test the case if it desired.
The city should not bear the expense when
others would derive the benefit. He
thought the decision was along "proper
lines and should be vjjheld and the fran
chise granted.
Upon a vote being taken It was -decided
to appeal the case. Those in favor of the
appeal were: Holland, Kalben. Black,
Phelps, Collins, Heyer and Attridge. The
minority was composed of Perrault, Laek
mann, Byington, Deasy and Aigeltinger.
A resolution was presented declaring the
intention of the board to commence con
demnation proceedings to acquire the old
Jt-wish cemeteries, bounded by Eight
eenth, Twentieth, Dolores and Church
streets. The property owners were asked
to file with the board before March 13
statements of what they consider their
land worth. After a short discussion it
was decided to defer action until the end
of the fiscal year, in June.'
The City and County Attorney was di
rected to examineinto the status of the
title of the city and county to the strip
of land 200 feet on each side of Fillmore
street," "between Bay street on the south
and the water front line on the north, and
to institute such proceedings as he may
deem advisable to perfect the same if It
is found defective, and to secure the re
moval of all obstructions to the free use
and enjoyment by the city of the wharf
privileges heretofore exercised by it. This
has reference to the property inclosed by
the Fair estate at Black Point.
The Superintendent of the Fire Alarm
was notified to ascertain if the globes
of arc lamps can be used fnr indicating
the location of fire alarm boxes. Seventv
seven street gas lamps where electric
lights are also maintained were ordered
extinguished upon the recommendation of
Gas Inspector Tupper, that they were a
useless expense.
In accordance with a communication
from the secretary of the State Commis
sion for Insane, the "board notified the
caretaker of the insane ward of the Re
ceiving Hospital that he must turn over
all money received from insane patients
to the Sheriff.
F. A. Osborn was dismissed from his
position of Poundkeeper, and James W.
"Walton was made his successor. The
change will take place March 1.
A petition was presented by a number
of firms requesting the board to dredge
the south side of Channel street imme
diately beneath the draw-bridge at the in
tersection of Fourth and Channel streets.
Owing to the accumulation of debris the
passage of vessels is made impossible.
A protest was presented by property
owners on De Long avenue against
the paving, of that thoroughfare from
Frederick street southerly.
The board was asked for additional wa
ter supply and hydrants in the district
contiguous to San Bruno avenue and
Twenty-fifth street.
J. H. Belser was granted a license to
solicit signatures to private contracts for
street work.
H. E. Law, president of Van Ness Ave
nue Improvement Club, requested the
board to increase the Police Department.
He claimed the northern part of the city
suffered from the force not being up to
the prescribed strength. He complained
of the recklessness of the criminal ele
ment, claiming to have had a house stolen
in its entirety.
The Holly Park and Mission Street Im
provement Club asked that the money
appropriated and already set aside for the
Improvement of Holly Park, bo expended
on the same. . .
Chairman Perrault of the Finance Com
mittee announced that the investigation
into the affairs of the gas company had
been postponed until March 7.
The Street Committee was not ready to
report upon the matter of granting per
mission to the Market Street Railway
Company to run its ' electric cars into
Kearny street from Geary street.
The desk of Secretary John A. Russell
was decorated with a magnificent basket
of flowers. The accompanying card bore
the inscription:
"John A. Russell, Esq., 'Come 33.' Com
pliments and best wishes of. thirteenth
member."
This was from Colonel W. E. Llttlfc,
manageY of the Sutro estate. Upon tne
adjournment of the meeting Mayor Phe
lan congratulated Mr. Rusfcell upon his
thirty-three years' service in the board.
His sentiments were applauded by the
members. -
TWO BANKRUPTS.
One of Them Does Not Know What
His Liabilities and Assets Are.
George G. Nichols, a merchant of Santa
Cruz, filed a petition Jn bankruptcy yester
day in the United States District Court.
He alleged that on the sth of January of
this year his goods were attached by the
Sheriff of Santa Cruz and sold on the 26th
of the same month. There are some debts
due him, but the petitioner is unable to
give the names of his debtors or the sums
owing, because his books are in the hands
of the Sheriff under attachment.
A. Zirker of the firm of Zirker & Ham
matt of Snelling and Livingstone filed a
petition, with $22,025 liabilities, mostly
promissory notes, and $7988 assets, mostly
book accounts.
Arguelos Accused of Murder.*
Coroner Hill held an Inquest yesterday
on the body of Joseph Sierro, the Sicilian
fisherman who was stabbed last Friday
night by Pilipo Argruelos, alias Ferttitta,
and the Jury returned a verdict accusing
Ar*ueloa of murder.
NO CHANGE IN
THE PRESENT
WATER SATES
Five Supervisors Fa
vored Reduction.
LINES WERE SHARPLY DRAWN
MAJORITY DID NOT TALK, BUT
THEY VOTED.
Byington and Lackmann Amend
ments Cutting Spring Valley
Estimates Were Re
jected.
For the first time since its organizattor
the lines were somewhat sharply drawn ir
the Board of Supervisors yesterday ovei
the order fixing the water rates for the
coming year. By a vote of sewn to five
the existing rates were readopted.
As exclusively announced in The Cal
yesterday morning Supervisors Lackmanr
and Byington made an effort to secure a
reduction. They were 'supported by Su
pervisors Perrault, Deasy and Heyer. Hol
land, KaJben Black, Phelps, Collins, At
tridge and Aigeltinger composed the ma^
jority.
The water committee met at 9:30 in the
committee room and Chairman Phelps
presented a typewritten report re-enact
ing the present rates, which was signed
by the chairman, Kalben, Black, Attridge
arid Aigeltinger. Lackmann demurred to
this plan and argued for a horizontal' re
duction of the estimates submitted by the
Spring Valley company and also reducing
the interest on the capital stock, which he
claimed was fictitious to a certain extent.
Failing to swerve the majority of the
committee from the report agreed upon
before the meeting, Mr. Lackmann an
nounced that he jvould present a minority
report to the board.
It is claimed by the majority of the
I board who voted for the old rates and
| also by the representatives of the water
I company that under the order the Spring
I Valley will only realize 5 per cent on the
[ money invested, and that if the season
i should be a dry one the returns to the
stockholders will be still smaller.
Attached to the majority report, which
was read as soon as the board convened,
was a copy of the rate schedule passed
by the former board. This was accepted
without reading, as all the members were
familiar with the rates. Supervisor By
ington presented an amendment to this
order which provided for a reduction or
15 per cent In fixed rates for householders
and also cut the meter rates 10 per cent.
Mr. Deasy seconded Bylngton's order. By
ington, in advocating his order, said it
was based on fair compensation to the
Spring Valley company for the amount of
property in actual use. In its statement
the company had included a vast amount
of lnnd which was not in use and probably
never would be, yet the water consumers
of the city were to be forced to pay in
terest on this property if the old rates
were again adopted. This contention was
supported by Messrs. Lackmann and
Deasy. The amended order was voted
down, however, by the following vote:
Ayes— Perrault, Lackmann, Byington
H |^s-H e olfan~d s ; Kalben, Black. Phelps
The^order submitted by Mr. Lackmanr
was then put on passage and the repre
! sentative from the Sixth Ward asked that
it be adopted. He declared that the ma
loritv report 'was unfair to the- people ol
this city in that it compelled them to pay
an exorbitant price for the first necessity
of life He claimed that 51.5W.000 included
! in the Spring Valley's list of estimate*
1 was for property not in use, and he de
clared that the operating expenses were
beyond reason. From the latter estimate
of "$473 000 he asked a reduction of $14b,000.
and also sought to have other estimate*
cut accordingly. Mr. Lackmann's pro
posed reductions were published in yes
! terday's Call. The order introduced by
i Lackmann left the meter rates un
changed, but made a reduction of lo pet
cent in fixed rates. ■
Mr Lackmann said he had hoped that
Byington's schedule would prevail, but
inasmuch as It was rejected he thought
a reduction in the householders rate
i would be better than no reduction, and
he introduced his order as a compromise.
Mr Deasy said he had favored Bying
ton's order, as he considered it just to the
citizens. He reviewed the work done at
the recent lnvestigaion and declared the
city should not be compelled to pay thou
sands of dollars int.erest yearly on the
money expended by the water company
to acquire the CalaveraS supply, which
was bought to prevent the city from ob
taining a plant which would have given
half a million people cheap water He
declared that the company was yearly in
creasing its bond issue for a twofold pur
pose-first, to mulct the people by increas
ing the interest account, and second to
increase the alleged value of the property
so a big clean-up could be made later on
by selling the plant to the municipality.
Mr neasv said some means should be de
vised to "check this nefarious scheme and
Mayor Phelan suggested that the only so
lution was for th« Supervisors to cut the
Interest on the company's Investment and
thereby stop the further issuance of
b °The' Mayor, hearing that a report was
in circulation that he favored the old wa
ter rates, declared he wished to go on
record as supporting Byington s order.
Supervisor Lackmann's order was voted
down and the report of the majority of
the water committee adopted by the 7 to 5
vote already given.
TO HONOR THE MEMORY
OF REV. F. F. JEWELL
SPECIAL SERVICES TO BE HELD
TO-NIGHT.
Addresses Made at the Weekly Meet
ings of the Methodist and Con
gregational Ministers.
Special services will be held in the How
ard street M. E. Church to-night in mem
ory of Dr. F. F. Jewell, the distinguished
preacher who passed away, early in the
present month. A programme has been
prepared and will be participated in by
leading pastors of this city and Oakland.
The reverend gentleman whose memory is
to be thus honored was well known and
beloved in this city. Twice he occupied
the pulpit of the sacred edifice in which
the services are to be held, and twice he
watched over the destinies of the Central
Methodist Church. Through his efforts
the Simpson Memorial was built, and it
is believed that representatives of tho
churches named will be largely in attend
ance to-night.
The programme to be followed is as fol
lows :
Music, by choir; hymn; scripture lesson, by
Dr. Urmy; prayer, by Dr. John Coyie; hymn;
remarks, by Dr. DUle, Dr. Beard, Captain
Goodall, Robert McElroy, Captain Nelson,
Messrs. Whiting and Watt; general remarks,
by ministers and other*; closing hymn and
benediction. Drs. Case and Klrby will preside.
Dr. Louis Albert Banks of Cleveland,
Ohio, who Is said to be the leading revi
valist in the Methodist church, and who
has been In Los Angeles attending the
sessions of the Epworth League School of
Methodists, was present at the weekly
meeting of the Methodist ministers yester
day and delivered an interesting talk on
"Revivals," his method of conducting
them and the good results he has
achieved. He was questioned at length
by the pastors present, and his replies
seemed to be of great benefit to his lis
teners, as they warmly encored him at
the close of his remarks.
Chaplain F. C. Brown of the lowa, who
was scheduled to deliver an address at
the meeting, was unavoidably detained.
His absence was regretted, as he at a pre
vious meeting proved himself to be a bril
liant and interesting talker. •
Dr. Dille and Dr. Hammond were a»
pointed a committee to draft .appropriate
resolutions of respect on the death of Dr
A J. KVnette, chief seceretarypf the
Church Extension Society of Philiadei-
At "the Congregational ministers' weekly
meeting Dr F. N. Greely of Berkeley read
™ paper on "The Emotional in Religion."
At its conclusion it was favorably, dis
cussed by the ministers present.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
H, C. Tandy of Hanford is a guest at
the Lick.
W. E. McCabe of Portland is registered
at the Lick.
O. McHenry, a banker of Modesto. 19
at the Occidental.
H. D. Norris Jr. of New York is stay
ing at the Grand.
Henry Disque and W. S. Perkins of Col
fax are at the Grand.
A. A. Woodhull and wife. U. S. A., are
staying at the Palace.
Charles Rule, a large dairyman of Dun
can Mills. Is at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Goodman Jr.
of Napa are at the Palace.
F. W. Detter ,of Providence, R. 1.. is
a guest at the Palace.
C. Werngren, a Portland business man.
Is staying at the Lick.
8. N.- Griffith, a capitalist of Fresno, Is
registered at the Palace.
R. K. Hall and wife of Denver are
guests at the Occidental.
\V. W. Campbell of the Lick Observa
tory is registered at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles M. Hammard of
i Upper Lake are at the California.
L. Huseman, a merchant of Montague,
Slskiyou County, is at the Grand.
Edward Ehrman and wife of Portland,
j Or., have taken apartments at the Pal
■ ace.
W. P. Timms, a manufacturer from
' Elizabeth. N. J.. and F. B. Pattee. a mer
! chant of Valley Springs, are registered at
j the Grand.
Thomas H. Houpt of Findlay, Ohio.
' United States Rural Inspector of the pos
tal delivery, has returned from his visit
of inspection in the. interior of the State
and is at the California.
George L. Carr. F. C. Rose and E. A.
Wagner, who own extensive mining prop
erties at Carrville, near Redding, are
making the Russ their headquarters while
in the city.
P J. McCormack, a Los Angeles con
tractor, W. E. Duncan Jr., an Oroville
mine owner, and William H. Cleary and
son proprietors of the Sheep Ranch mine
near Stockton, are among the arrivals at
the Lick.
G B Berckmans, a member of the firm
of Tiffany & Co., New York, is at the
Palace, aocomnanied by his wife. They
have returned from a stay at Coronado,
and will leave on the next steamer for
Honolulu.
Amos Burr, traveling passenger agent,
and John A. Gill, Pacific Coast freight
agent of the New York Central lines,
and A. S. Blair, general agent of the
Great Northern, will leave for Northern
California to-day in the Interest of their
roads.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— William Fitz
hugh of San Francisco is at the Imperial.
E. H. Elliot of San Francisco Is at the
Cosmopolitan.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DRILLING AT THE PRESIDIO-M. E.
P City When there are regulars at the
Presidio they are drilled every day except
Sundays.
NAVAL VOLUNTEERS— A. D. J., U. S.
S Adams. The Senate passed a bill al
lowing extra pay to naval volunteers dur
ing the Spanish-American W ar. The bill
wfnt -to tie House, and at last accounts
was still before the committee of that
body. • ,
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONS-
Subscrlber. There is separate examina
tion under civil service rules in the United
States in each branch of the service, some
twenty two or three. The examinations
are held at such time and place as the
particular branch decides, and the fact
is made known by posting at me offices
of the particular branch holding the same
and by publication in the newspapers
The studies vary according to the branch
of the service Lists of such studies , are
not furnished to «"""cants For Informa
tion on the subject decide in wnat
branch of th* public service you would
like to be examined and then write to
the chief of the department, and you will
be furnished the proper blanks.
GENERAL BROOKE-M. C City. Ma
jor General John R. Brooke, U. S A was
born in Pennsylvania, July 21, 1838. He
was appointed from Pennsylvania from
civil life with the rank of captain In the
Fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, April
20 1861. He took part in the Civil War,
being in many engagements, was wounded
in action, was promoted brigadier general
of volunteers in 1864, resigned in 1866. the
same year was appointed lieutenant colo
nel of the Thirty-seventh United States
Infantry, transferred to other commands
and finally rose to major general. He will
be retired in 1902. He was during the war
of the rebellion breveted for gallant and
meritorious service at the battle of Get
tysburg and in the engagement at Spott
sylvania. ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Towrwenda,"
Special information supplied dally t»
business houses and public »«» b yth«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen s) 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main lOU.
The Case Dismissed.
The case of Oscar Aronson, the cyclist,
charged with attempting to defraud hia
trainer, "King" Ryan, was dismissed by
Acting Police Judge Barry yesterday.
Aronson proved that he had given the
mina-eme«t of the bicycle tournament
IS) to pay Ryan, and the responsibility
did not rest upon him.
California Limited,
Santa Fe Route. Loaves Sundays, Tuesdays
and Fridays. Elegant service. Vestlbuled
sleepers observation cars. Harvey^s Dining
Cars- through from California to Chicago with
out change. Get full particulars at company's
ofnce. 628 Market et. .
T>r Stegerfs Angostura Bittera has over 60
Imitators and substitutes-most of them dan
gerous. Get. the genuine wtth glgnature.
A Cool Chinaman.
Ah Dook walked into, the store of Horn
& Co., Battery street, near California,
yesterday afternoon, and after walking
around the place coolly picked up a largo
package of cigars and tobacco and throw
ing it over his shoulder walked out with it.
Policeman Cullinane was notified and ar
rested Ah Dook on HaJleck street. He
was booked at the City Prison on a charge
of petty larceny.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
__'■■: - noTAtBAKmo powetw ca t wtw you*. --•-SOME WAISTCOATS THAT
SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES
THE talking vest has come to town, and the uninitiated stand about in solemn Wonder or follow awe-Btrlcken in its
wake. It is a brilliant and gaudy garment with a gorgeouaness all its own. Its coloring makes the wing or the but
terfly pale into insignificance, and its pattern scheme shames the ultra school of the crazy-quilt cult. E »,nw
In spite of the many virtues that would naturally win for the new waistcoat a place in a swell rreaK snow,
.this, latest thing in the haberdasher's art is not confined within the narrow limits of a gilded cage, but is Bhown aauy
along "the line" covering the manly bosom of those strictly in it. ..„.„•
: In the vest question the society man-he of cotillon fame, the hero of the '"small and early and the cve J"r; V( ~r'
■ cavalier of the "pink tea"-is sadly overlooked. The barkeep, the sport, the swell literary guy. the actor, ana newno
knows just what is what leads the procession. To Willie Collier belongs the honor of introducing the gorgeous cowrea
vest to Western civilization. Willie came to us a year ago, and it took his imitators just a twelve month to r f^ n *® w "^
a smart thing the colored vest was. Now they all sport one, and any man who is bold enough to admit that ne c*> ° c*e * "°*
own at least one $12 vest is the man whose name is needed to replace the king of beasts in the worn elmme as crave
• as a Hon." ' -t
As to who is the lucky possessor of the loudest vest in town much doubt exists. The honor has been variously
divided between Colonel Rowalaky. "Ske*ts" Martin and Charlie Dryden. Dryden's friends insist that his vests are
marked with the rare good taste of a modern Brummel, and that their exquisite coloring is in perfect keeping witn tne
Wearer"s delicate complexion. If, under these conditions, the colors peal like distant thunder it is not the wora juggler b
fault. He has but to change his cosmetics and all will be serene again. . ,
As for "Skeets" Martin, the honor of reconciling warring colors goes to him. In his vest he has peaeably united yei
• low, red and green. His red plaid flannel garment with its tiny green and yellow figures is the direct issue or a aeep
delving in the school where the purple cow and crimson grass flourish. -.— ,-
Colonel Kowalsky's vest, besides being fashionable, is so loud that it has the added virtue of keeping its wearei
.' awake. Mr. Morrisey of the Orpheum is voucher for that wondrous gift of the vest. "I'd pay admission any day to see
. .Kowalsky's vest." said Morrisey. and he knerws what is worth a price to gaze at. "I had a swell vest, saia trie man
'■;. ager, "a blue polka dot on a black ground, and I used to wear it on gala occasions. But when I saw the colonel s a jusi
■folded mine away. Oh, it is a horrible affair," and the manager shuddered and booked a cake-walk team. .... *
:,■;. Howard Seymour Manning does the line in a gorgeous vest of mauve cloth covered with^ snuff colored eiK neaas.
..; Manning is more than proud of his waistcoat, which was especially manufactured for him in >.ew * or*
•.;■;■ Ed Mac Donald is tenderly attached to a mauve and t*ue plaid waistcoat, and Mr. Lanigan's heart turns to a scanei
vest with pearl buttons. ...
v- .. "Big Bill" Lange is said to change his vest hourly and the different phases of the sun regulate the color or tne gar
. tnent h<? wear?. Noontime finds him in brilliant array and the setting of the orb of day discovers him in gray.
.:."■ ' Harry Flood's fancy turns entirely to red vests. Henry Diggles possesses 106 vests; at least so his friends ana
• enemies admit, and his collection is said to represent the evolution of the vest.
■ •.;. : . Ernest Hastings has dozens of exquisite waistcoats and his collection varies from the horse-blanket pattern to tne
-.giddy thing of blue satin sprayed with hand-painted forget-me-nots and embroidered golden stars. This vest is tne girt
Of one of the actor's many admirers and he only wears it in plays that afford him the opportunity to extend both arms
: while he says, "Only over my dead body." -d-j**
• I-" • J. Edward Brltt has fourteen vests, two of which are of .costly silk brocade, aglow with agate buttons Brl "s
■ pretty little brother, dimpled Willie, has only one of these joyous garments. It' is a wonderful combination of crushed
' strawberry and crimson and blue silk brocade, and cost $12. which made Willies week's salary look sick.
■.'■." Mark Thall's vest is of the kind that carries terror both to the front and the rear. The bulk of the gorgeous affair
.V-isiof blue and red striped silk and it is recorded that when genial Mark took off his coat at the barber's the other day
; .the tonsorial artist blushed.
... John L. Sullivan has decided ideas about waistcats. "I like something neat." said the actor. "The one lam wearing
\now I designed myself. It is a green and red combination and I got it in Boston seven months ago. Good stuff and
'speaks well for Boston."
:: Tom Pitts of the "Sign of. the Cross" has lust come over from London and wears some joyous silk vests. 'Rather
: o.M style," says Pitts. "I got them In London last September. Then they were wearing handsome brocades that came
.•.'from the famous Spitalfield looms."
•.- V ,' And so the procession marches gayly along to-day, but to-morrow— that will be another story.
•.'. ; _ The swellest haberdasher fn town is authority for this statement: "Colored vests are out. The latest advice from
-London declares 'dittoes' the proper thing." "Dittoes" are waistcoats that match the suit in color and material.
;. ON TO SACRAMENTO.
; General Exposition Committee Goes
'■ ', ■ ■'■'. ..' To-Morrow in Special Cars.
" ; 'There, was much interest and enthusi
asm manifested at the meeting of the gen
- eral committee of the Pacific Ocean and
: • "International Exposition, held yesterday
: afternoon In the rooms of the Chamber
■ of Commerce. The meeting was called by
• iPr'esident J. B. Reinstein to hear the re
; port of the legislative committee, which
--.went, to Sacramento for the purpose, of
"■:, securing the passage of such bills as
' •■might be necessary to insure an appro
priation from the Legislature.
■■Charles L. Pattern, as soon as the meet
i: 'ing.-ha.d been called to order, stated that
-. he; : with the other members of the legis
' Ytive committee, had been to Sacramento
•.' three times and had appeared before the
••iVays and Means Committee. The bill
' j-sking for the appropriation of $000,000 had
•" .'LVeen favorably considered and was so re
•■■p'6rted by the committee to the Assembly,
:--iv-hich voted in favor of it, with the
: amendment that $200,000 was to be paid in
: the next fiscal year and. the remainder of
-the appropriation In the following fiscal
-.-.v.ear Mr Patton stated that the Finance
'.Committee of the Senate wanted some
' l morfe specific wording of the bill as to how
• th* appropriation was to be expended, and
'•that the bill had been altered -so as to
■■• read that the money was to be expended
V on the exposition which is to be held in
Ran Francisco.
' The main object of the meeting was to
■ find out how many of the committee were
'willing to go up to Sacramento for the
/purpose of showing to the Senate that the
• influence and money of San Francisco was
. in favor of the exposition. Mr. Patton
"" said that the Senate wanted some demon
stration of a public nature that would
' prove to it conclusively that such was the
• " case. He thought that sut^i a demonstra
> tlon would result in the passage of the
•bill by the Senate. The question was dis
■ -cussed at some length by W. H. Mills, J.
• A Filcher, General R. H. Warfield. B. E.
•Hendrickson and Mr.. Patton. They
• all agreed on the necessity of im
• pressing the Senate with the fact
. that the present opportunity meant
• much to Calirfornia, and that It
"; should not be neglected. They also agreed
that there was no time to be lost, if any
thing was to be done, and as a result it
was decided that as many, of the general
• committee as were able should go to Sac
' ramento to-morrow morning on the 8
• o'clock train, returning to-morrow night:
' The chair appointed Messrs. Stultz.
.•Filohor nnd Patton a committee to make
■ arrangements. Special cars will be at-.
: ta-checl to the train for the accommoda-*
Yion of the committee. At the .meeting at
■/least thirty members signified their.in
tention of going. The secretary was in
structed to notify all of the members of
• the general committee and to get as many
"of them to go as would. It is desired. that
' a . farge number shall go, to as to -more
" forcibly impress apon the Legislature the
great importance of making the appropri
ation. •
TWO UNHAPPY WIVES.
Both Sue for Maintenance — One May
'-j Get Into Serious Trouble.
:; "• The suit of Caroline Kusel against her
' ' husband, Soloman A. Kusel, purported to
••••.he. a capitalist, for maintenance, was
'■. -taken \ip by Judge Murasky yesterday.
•During the day it developed through the
•-•testimony of the plaintiff that for many
' • -'days she was not supplied with meat, but
• " plentifully with bad fish. Kusel will
•• '•• erideavor to establish the fact that his
••••wife agreed to separate from him and
=•■ "did;- that Fhe is capable of taking care
■ ".'of herself and was given to making his
:•••• life -unhappy. by telling other people's for
' v tunes and neglecting her own. The end,
.• ".it is thought, -will come to-day.
d " -A.suit for maintenance that may result
,° . in a charge of bigamy against the plain
• .-. riff is at present occupying the attention
7 .of Judge Belcher. Mary J. Cullen is
VUlng her husband, Gerald Cullen, for
, • . . lihtenance, The defendant/who is up
.• 'word of 75 years of -afire, has been twice
• matrk-d to his wife, who now sues him.
. *• The -list marriage occurred in 1894, and
..-'. *■ when -It was celebrated Cullen avers, by
V *•*}•. of defense, that his wife had a hus-
band living in the person of Joseph Riggs.
Mrs. Cullen admits having married Riggs
after her first divorce from Cullen. but,
by way of defense to the allegation that
her husband was alive when she remar
ried her present husband, she produces
the photograph of a ghastly morgue sub
ject which she identified as her husband
at the time of the subject's death. "Wit
ne?s< s, however, testified- that they have
recently seen Riggs alive. Owing to the
difference in the testimony, the case went
over to give both sides time in which to
prove their various contentions.
Off to the Orient.
George A. Newhall, first vice president
of the Chamber of Commerce, will be
among the passengers sailing on the
steamer City of Peking to-morrow for
China. Mr. Newhall expects to spend sev
eral months in the Orient. His trip will
be for business as well as pleasure, and
THERE WILL BE NO
CORNER IN CODFISH
4 M jSfc? jff^&^KiSlJßP^ *T T 7 HEN tno good schooner Frances
I Jk =1> i^^Jr^§cKrasS»i T \A/ Alsce came plowing through the
«'^%i^^ffl ♦ VV Goldon Gate yesterday morning
"f I^^^ J^^^^^^SSSniil ! I <£> the °P eSi nfiarts and appetites of
* mV ; z^: r&S§MS3£pMtyiU i every honest workingman went up like a
•V 'M l^ I^^^^MTiM'lHifl/* 1 * .skyrocket, while the price of the cor-
♦ J)f 3^ !MW **' nered codfish market fell '.ike the stick.
' ffliil'V '^ Sspils ■■'\l l '}#*'' * Few people realized what the arrival of
" S^^SHf' l^ v tne schooner meant to the city and the
* *Wi\ ■ ♦ public at large. . Before the vessel ar-
T yu''3&"^^^SM 7 river] there were but fifty tons of case
* HM S 4 "^tilllfMil • codfish in the city market, whioh___svere
a. - "*^&-'^SSSai * held by C. E. Whitney & Co., who had
' ifßl 3g^€^ wSk <*> decided that yesterday they would ad-
T lRk 4 vance the price $2 on the hundred for
case codfish. This would have meant $6
a case, at which price the staple would
have at once become a luxury. It ap
pears that the fishermen have not been
catching many cod of late and in conse
quence the supply had run short. San
Francisco uses for its markets about 125
tons of codfish a month, and Saturday
night when the market closed there were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1899.
during his absence he is likely to visit
all the larger cities in China and Japan,
Mr. Newhall will pay special attention
to the trade relations, present and future,
of the Oriental countries with the United
States. He carries letters of introduction
from the local Chamber of Commerce to
all the business bodies and United States
officials in the countries he is to visit.
Restaurant Men Convicted.
Louis Schattler and Germain Pouchan,
proprietors of the St. Germain restau
rant, were convicted yesterday by a jury
in the United States District Court of sell
ing wine in unstamped bottles and refill
ing stamped bottles, using the same stamp
over and over again. They were ordered
to appear next Saturday morning for sen
tence.
■ ♦ ■
Dr. D 1 Evelyn, returned from the East. Office.
Pbelan building. *
only fifty tons in the city, and this had
been cornered by C. E. Whitney & Co.
The Eastern markets are short, for the
reason that the catch last season was
small, and Whitney & Co. were counting
on a good thing; but the timely arrival
of the schooner France* Allc* upset their
calculations and the bottom fell out of the
corner in codfish.
FOUR FIRST
CHOICES WON
AT OAKLAND
Defeat of Formero a
Surprise.
RECEIVED A CHEAP RIDE
FINK'S MARE HARDLY FINISH
iD THIRD. •
• ■ — '
Giga Was Flayed for a Good Thing,
but Was Beaten by Thatcher.
Olinthus Made Friends by
His Victory.
The fields at Oakland yesterday were
of light caliber and favorites more than
held their own. Of six choices sent to
the post, Formero and Hardly, both rid
den by "Skeets" Martin, were the only
ones downed. The attendance was only
fair, and the books experienced a light
day.
The seven furlong purse run, for which
Formero reigned favorite, wes the live
liest betting affair of the afternoon. There
were but two other starters, Olinthus and
Napamax. The latter was reported to be
in bad shape and her showing was a poor
one. Martin rode a fearfully misjudged
race astride Formero, and after showing
first all the way Olinthus won by half a
length in 1:27^. The winner was well
backed by a few extremely smart right
handed bettors. He was the outsider of
the trio.
Barney Schrieber's filly Good Hope was
thrown in with some slow company in
the introductory overture, a sprint over
the Futurity course. She ruled an odds
on choice and at the wire disposed of Ann
Page at leisure.
The clever filly Torsida then took a
seven furlong run, with considerable to
spare at the end. The daughter of Tor
sion was backed to even money favorit
ism, and, never extended, led the 30 to 1
shot Guilder past the judges by four
lengths. Tammany Hall, second artioice,
found the pace too hot, finishing in the
In the two-year-old sprint, Giga, the
first of the get of Foul Shot, the Austra
lian horse, faced the barrier. The filly
started in the colors of J; Naglee Burke,
and after getting away from the post
none too well, ran a good second to Harry
Thatcher, the favorite.
Charley Fink's Hardly let the crowd
down with a hard drop 'over the result
of the mile and a sixteenth run. Sent to
the post a 4 to 5 chance, she finished in
the show. After extricating himself from
a pocket, Devin.on the second choice,
Merops, assumed the front position, win
ning hands down from Alicia, an out-
Horton looked pounds the best of the
lot in the concluding six furlong sprint,
and at very short odds took the verdict
without half trying from Malay.
Track Notes.
In future at Oakland track the recall
flag will be used in all two-year-old
events.
Ellis is riding in very good form Just
now and is getting many mounts. He put
up a very persuasive finish aboard the
long shot Guilder.
Hohenzollern ran a grand race for a
horse of his class, but it would be diffi
cult to convince a good many people ot
that fact.
Bookmaker Barney Schrieber was over
joyed at the rare good showing made by
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Monday, Feb. 27, 1899. — Fifty-fourth
day of tne California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
JAMES A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
»qo FIRST RACE— Futurity course;
fillies; purse, $300.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
722 Good Hope 1
722 Ann Page U
Sft Cleodora 1'
HO Florence Fink H
ttS Nora Ives 1
714 Kngea •■•!'
8
2
6
1
5
4
4 2
3 1
6 3
1*
6
2 1
2 1
1 1%
6 4
3 h
6
4 %
1 n
. 22^4
3 3
4 4
• 6
5 1
1 3
2 4
3 4
4 8
5 1
6
i norpe
Turner
Bullman
H. Martin
1-2 9-20
4 21-5
8 60
4 7
25 60
25 100
Elli«
[J. Daly
Tlme — To U M; to V4 '-45%; last %. 1:02; short %. 1:12. Winner. B. Schreiber's ch. f.
by Colonel Clark-Gratitude. Good start. Won easily. Second easily and third driving.
Good Hope was asked to beat a cheap bunch. Ann Page was selected for the place.
Martin's handling of Florence Fink was clumsy In the extreme.
_qq SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs;. Belling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
7S7 Torsida, 4 1'
736 Guilder, 4 l f
736 Tam'ny Hall II. 4..1:
737 Highland Hall, 4....1
699 Bonnie lone. 4 If
f.f>2 Hohpnzollern. B 11
730 Lord Marmion, 4 11
1
5
3
6
7
4
1
3%
4 1
1 1
2 114
.6 h
6%
7 -
3%
5 h
1 Vt
.2 1 •
4 h
6 2
7
3 3
4 1
1 4
2 1
.5 1
7
6H
32
4 3
1 h
2 h
6%
5%
1 4
2 h
3 3
4 6
5 3
6 1
. 7
N. Turner
Ellis
Thorpe
H. Martin
6-5
15
3
4
30
6
10
1
30
6-2
6
100
9
40
Jones
Bullman
Macklln
Tiine-^ :13: %, :36%; %. 1:02; %. 1:*7%. Winner, E. F. Smith's ch. m. by Torso-Judith.
Good start. ' Won easily. Second and third driving.
Torsida won at leisure. Ellis rode an ambitious race astride Guilder. Tammany stopped
under the weight and pressure. Highla-nd Ball was killed off first part. Try Hohenzollern
next time. ' ; ___^
*j A{\ THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
y«m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
721 Harry Thatcher !
... Glga \
733 El Arte
710 Pidalia '
60S Galene ■
R6« Ruby Blazes '
721 Ix>relio ]
721 Senator Ashe 1
703 Yantic j
783 Rachel C 1
2
7
6
6
3
4
9
1
I 8
10
1 1
6 4
-4 1 '
6 %
3 1
2*4
8 1
10
7 tfl
9 1
1 2
2 1
3 1
4 2
5 3
6 8
7
8
9
10
E. Jones
Turner
i~! .
Gray
Hal Brown
Thorpe
Bullman
6-5
20
30
8
8-5
6
30
100
• 20
60
1
10
30
12
4
6
30
100
40
100
Kills
Frawley
ISelby
L. Daly
Time— U. :25: %• : *^%- Winner, Caesar Young's b. c. by imp. Pirate of Penzance-Misa
Lexington Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Thatcher *as away well and is a fast youngster. Oiga Is a comer. Et Artels lmprov--
lnir Galene st"pppd. In better hands Pidalia could win. Ruby Blazes had early speed.
Scratched-Bamboulia 108, Tar Hill 108. . a
- '*■ ' 1 , »
*7 A.\ FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Tnd(>x. Horse. Age. Weight.
V.m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
71!) Ollnthus, 8 IM! 1
(719) Formero, 3 102 > 3
(4B4)Napamax. 4.......--M" ■
1 1
3
2 h
1 %
3
2 1
1 %
3
2% '
1 1
2 1
3
1 H Bullman
2 6 H. Martin.../.
3 Thorpe
4 9-1
4-5 9-10
7-5 11,5
Time— %, :13>4: %, :37%: %, 1:"2; %. 1:27'4. Winner, J. G. Brown & Cd.'s ch. c. by Red
Iron-Lily Wright. Good start.. Won first three driving.
Nanamax was not fit. Formero was best, but Martin chopped the kindling wood too
fine. It was a race for the "thoughtful man" to ponder over.
Scratched— Rosormonde 109-
"r a Ch FIFTH RACE— One arid a sixteenth miles; selling-; three-year-olds and upward*
74Z. purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight
t. Std.
Vim. 4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(724) Meropn. S
711 Alicia. 6
(718) Hardly, 4 • >
711 Tom Calvert, 4
724 Rainier, 3 •
727 Roadrunner, a 1
716 Byron Cross, 4
729 Barl Cochran. 6
3 4 1 5 2
7 6 2 6 3
« 3 1-32
2 7 3 ,8
1 1 Vi 'l 1
4 2 h 2 h
8-8--. 7 h
5 ' 5 % 4 h
4 «4
5 2
2 h
8
In
31
. 72 ;■
6 h
3 M 1 h 11% IDevin
5 8 5 1 2 h IHolmes
In 3 M 3 2 |H. Martin
6 2 6 4 4 h (McNIchols ...
2 h M 6 3 IHal Brown....
4 1) 4 1 6 6 'Bullman
7 4 7 6 7 8 [Kills
8 J 8^ lQolden
S-S 3-2
10 25
1 4-.S
12 30
12 20
10 25
300 300
30 100
Time— 1-16, :07: 6-1S, :3U4; 9-16, :56%: 13-16. 1:22; mile, 1:41%: 1 1-16 mile*, 1:48. Winner
Miller & Blazer 1 b ch. c. by imp. Brutus^Mlrope. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
F Merops was much the best. Hardly did not have her usual speed to finish on. Was
hurried too much first part. Roadrunner ran a bad race.
Scratched— Magnus 98, Personne 107.
_ ,q SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
(4o« •
Index. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str. Fin.
Jockeys.
719 Horton 1
656 Malay
699 Anchored
728 Stromo ■
fi24 Peter Weber
720 Guatemoc 1
(72S) Con Dalton '.
2
3
1
I
7-
4
6
3 h
1 1
4 1
2 h
6 1
7
5 2
3 2
4 4
1 n ■•*-
2*
5 10
6
.- •
1 h
2 1
3 3
4 6
5 15
6
1 1
. 2 2
3 10
4 8
5 15
6 -
'. Turner
ullman
. Reiff
horpe ..:.....
72 Set.........
lyland -.;;:;.:
ones ....'.....
2-5
8
30
10
60
■100
4
1-3
10
40
20)
150
8
•PuHed up.
Time—^4, :25H: M. **5 H. litL Winner, E. F. Smith's ch. e. by El R»yo-Fusillade'«
Laet. Poor (start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Th» winner outclassed his company. Con Dalton bled.
the Foul Shot filly Giga. She acted green
and was slow to get in motion, but made
up a vast amount of ground In the run
home. Barney owns her sire, and looks
forward to big things from the Foul Shot
two-year-olds he has in training at "Wood
land" Stock Farm. Giga is a stout look
ing piece of horseflesh and her name win
soon be decorated with brackets.
On Saturday of the present week Chass
& Mendenhall will sell at Oakland track
the majority of horses in training owned
by Tom Ryan. In the lot are included
Don't Skip Me and Dunois. First Call,
the property of P. Ryan, will be sold at
the same time. • . .■ .
Following are the entries and weights
for the six furlong handicap to be de
cided on Thursday. Winners of other
than selling puree, after the weights are
bulletined must carry five pounds extra:
O-Connell i24Tammany Hall 11. ..105
Miss Rowena 119 1 Highland Bali 102
Abuse 119 Moringa 102
Satsuma 114 Mainstay 98
Rubicon UJiPrompto 90
Gualala 107 Pat Murphy 75
Olinthus K7 Potente ■ 7a
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Five furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
714 Sidelong 103 726 BalUverso ■ 1&5
702 Schnitz 10& 572 Santa Lucia 104
709 Merry Boy 106 727 Don Gara.. 109
726 Ballieter 102 j 708 Beau Monde 10;>
706 Averine 1001 731 Carrie U 104
Second Race— Futurity course; three-year
olds: selling.
720 Glengaber 114: 728 Sir Urian.. 11l
728 Punpratse U4 624 Jerry Hunt 114
719 Genua 109 i 738 Ann Page 109
725 Montanus 114
Third Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell-
Ing; three-year-olds and upward.
716 Rapldo 98 711 Personne 107
732 Pare II HO 716 New Moon. . 96
727 Joe Mussle 101 726 Green H00k . ... -98
71R Magnus 93 679 Twinkle Twtnk. 96
727 McFarlane 9S| 716 Charlie Reirt.... 98
616 Tom Cromwell.. U2i
Fourth Raoe-One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing • three-year-olds and upward.
735 Roslnante "2
(716) Peter II 107 1 718 Wheel Fortune. .lo2
724Gotobed 102 1 734 Espionage 90
Fifth Race-Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
KKMldllght M 7 729 Eddie Jones 109
... Bridlington 109 730 Sly ...... ™7
729 San Mateo 113 730 Zarr.ar II 109
Sixth Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
720 Fiero 1161 731 Socialist 105
715 T'na Colorado... 10€ 732 Tiburon 103
702 Master Buck.... 91 731 Eakins 106
<691)Elsln 97 648 Sokombeo I*s
714 Gilt Edge 94 728 Yaruba 9]
715 Campus 103! 743 Anchored 94
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Don Gara, Merry Boy. Averine.
Second Race— Montanus, Genua, Sir TJrtan.
Third Race— Dare 11, Joe Mussle, Tom Crom
well.
Fourth Race— Espionage, Roslnante,- Wheel
of Fortune.
Fifth Race— Pan Mateo, Ely. Eddie Jones.
Sixth Race— Eakins. Flero, Tiburon.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 27.— Weather
clear, track heavy and lumpy. Results.:
First race, selling, six furlongs— Protus
won. Magpie S. second, Borden third.
Time, 1:20%.
Second race, selling, mile and twenty
yards— Volandies won, Satinwood second.
Our Clara third. Time. 1:49%.
Third race, selling, mile and a sixteenth
— Admetus won, Tranby second. Friar
John third. Time, l:55Vi.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile—ben
sational won. J. H. C. second, Simon D.
third. Time. 1:45*4. .
Fifth race, six furlong-s— Rose Apple
won. Yo-No-Se second, Mile Poet third.
Time. 1:18%. 4 , . ..
Sixth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth
—Stanza won. Prince, of India second,
Rushfields third. Time. 1:55%.
Go To-Night.
If you haven't heard Ilerr Stark's celebrated
orchestra at the Zinkand you have missed
some fine music. '
■ ♦ ■
In the 3>ivorce Courts.
Josr> Dellila Annuzzi has been granted
a divorce from Gelsomino Annuzzi on
the ground of extreme cruelty. Suits for
divorce have been filed by Kate E. La
Blanch against Henry La Blanch for cru
elty; Nellie R. Newburn against Samuel
C. Newburn.for failure to provide; Emma
X Stallard against William H. Stallard,
I for cruelty; Hulda B. Wise against Vir
gil Wise, failure to provide; Conrad Mll
i Ter against Lutie Miller, for desertion;
: Clara H. Hubbard against Eugene Hub-
I bard, for failure to provide, and Martha
E. Allen against Gilbert Allen, for fail
ure to provide.
INDOOR BASEBALL.
The Fourth Game of a Series Will Be
Played This Evening at
the Olympic Club.
The fourth game of a series of indoor
baseball will be played at the Olympic
Club this evening between the Olympic
team and the Y. M. C. A. team. The
line-up is as follows:
Olympic. Position. Y. M. C. A.
Foran Catcher James
Barhour Pitcher Morton
McShane First base F. Butz
Scott Second base McLaino
Hanrahan Third base Hanrahan
Shaw Short Follansbee
Goodrich Rijjht short Cesgrove
Toohy Left field Follansbee
Bernhard Right field Durham
Dr. Deitz Manager A. M. Stone
Members of the T. M. C. A. and those
wishing to bring their lady friends are
invited.
Past Master Masons.
The following named have been elected
and Installed as officers of the Past Mas
ters' Association of California: W. W.
Moore, president; Louis F. "Dunand, first
vice president; James F. "Wilson, second
vice president; James Patterson, treas
urer; L. Schumacher, secretary; Charles
H. Bryan, marshal; David M. Richards,
tyler.
• — •-♦-• -T^W'r.
Everybody comes tasting: lovely 5o -wines. You
too? Mohr.s & Kaltenbach, 29 Market. •
■ ♦ ■
. Held for Grand Larceny.
Lawrence Lee Murphy, who stole a
horse and buggy belonging to J. C. Wi
nans Friday night and sold the rig in the
Mission for a paltry sum, was yesterday
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Acting Police Judge Groezinger on a
charge of grand larceny in $2000 bonds.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
•-*- •-#-• - •-•-• - • • •
J CONSULTATION?
• FREE. !
I! No Pay Till Cured. J
I DR. MEYERS SCO.*
All Diseases and
Weakness of Men. 1
' ' Any man who is weak and puny i
from any cause or suffering with a
# a contracted ailment can find in- y
etant relief and a permanent cure J
a -without paying money until after #
■ he is strong and well. DR. MET- I
ik ERS & CO. are the only doctors A
' ' who will treat a patient and wait T
for their pay till a complete rure ±
# is made. Read their remarkable •
ofter.
I Better Than a Guarantee I
"We have such faith in our abil- |
# ity that we are willing to wait a
for pay till we cure our patients, y
The price may be deposited in any tt
'" bank in San Francisco, to be paid ™
to us only when we make a per-
O manent cure. Those who prefer #
may pay in monthly installments
A (Signed) DR. MEYERS & CO." A
4 1 Thousands cured at home every 9
year. If you cannot call, write for
9 private book for men and eymp- A
torn blank. y
ALL CURES
9 AS LASTING AS LIFE. 9
i
I DR. MEYERS & CO., 2
~. 73/ Market St., San Francises.
Hours 8 to 5 daily.
A Talc's Elevator. Evenings. 7 to 8.
# Sundays, 9 to 11. %f
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co., Inc Lessee
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA.
The Sale of SEASON TICKETS for the Entire
Series of Twelve Performances by
THE ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
NOW PROGRESSING
At Sherman Clay & Co. 'p. Prices. V>o_J4o, 13".
$20. according to location. PROSCENIUM
BOXES ONLY on sale, seating six; prices $300,
$350. The sale of peats for single performances
begins Monday, March G. Prices, $5. $4. $3,
$2, according to locations. Orchestra floor,
dress circle and family circle will be reserved.
Applications from out of tnwn will be filed
in the order received. They must be accom-
panied by Postofflce or Exprpss Money Order
payable to Charles A. Ellis. The repertoire for
the first week will Include "Faost," "Aida,"
"Carmen " "La Boheme," "Cavalleria Rus-
tlcana."' "PaKliacci" and "The Barber of Se-
ville."
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
A GIGANTIC" SUCCESS I
ALL THIS WEKK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Noblest Roman of Them All,
JOHN L. SULLIVAN'S
BIG VAUDEVILLE COMBINATION.
25 ARTISTS OF STERLING MERIT
And tb4 Musical Burletta,
"A TRIP ACROSS THE OCEAN."
Presenting a Corps of Specialties.
POPULAR PRICES.
Beats Secured Box Office and Emporium.
SUNDAY. March s— The Younff American
Actress, JANET WALDORF.
New York's Latest Comedy Hit,
CORA TANNER AND LOUIS MASSEN
In "MY HUSBAND'S MODEL."
EDDY FAMILY, European Acrobats.
THE HULINES, Musical Grotesques.
J. K. MURRAY AND CLARA LANE,
In New Repertoire of Operatic Selections.
LEW BLOOM AND JANE COOPER, In "A
Picture From Life."
Last Week of EDITH CRASKE, P. C.
SHORTIS AND DE HAVEN AND MAIE.
Reserved 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jtpi'2 Hr^^^^^^^.
CARTERS
SIOK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
lattle Pills.
■ They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
i Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. , Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose*
Small Price.
Ely's Cream -Balm J^Tiy^t^^.
has completely cured /^^'JBAWV
me- of catarrh when Jf&*<ssjl*l&§
everything else failed. C|f* p ' Mjftjy
Many acquaintances y* . «^^r >
have used it with excel-
lent results.— Alferd W. Js^Cl^SPx
Stevens, Caldwell. Ohio. AaMnnft
Cream balm is placed into nostrils, spread* .
over the membrane and is absorbed: Relief is
immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
— does not produce sneezing. Large size, 50c;
at druggists or by mall; trial size, 10c, by mall.
ELY BROTHERS. 66 Warren St., New York. .
AMUSEMENTS.
OOLUMB IA~. "ibS
LAST PERFORMANCE SATURDAY NIGHT.
WILSON B\BPLTS6REAT DRAMA i
THE SIGN OF A
"THE CROSS T
Presented by
WILLIAM GKEET'3 LONDON CO.
including CHARLES DALTON.
' March BLANCHE WALSH and MEL-
BOURNE MAODOWELL in "LA TOSCA."
momla ™ s oZr k
REQUEST ENGAGEMENT:
The young American, Tragedienne,
NANCE
O'NEIL,
Adequately Supported.
TO-NIGHT. THE NEW "EAST LYNNE.* 1
Wednesday "INGOMAR"
Thursday  "MAGDA"
Friday...... ..."THE JEWESS"
I Saturday Matinee "CAMILLE"
Saturday Evening "OLIVER TWIST"
Sunday THE NEW "EAST LYNNE"
ALHAMBRA T
FIVE POPULAR CONCERTS!
FRIDAY EVE., SAT. MAT. and EVE,
SIN. MAT. and EVE.
March 3, 4, 5.
SOUSA. Q
Seats now on sale at lißj fflflj-
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. i ** Tr '
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Under the management of Holden, Mac Do-
nald & Kilgo.
Commencing MONDAY EVENING next, March
6. ' First production in this city of the
. patriotic naval drama,
DEWEY
THE HERO OF MANILA
First appearance of our NEW YORK STOCK .
• COMPANY,
Consisting of , Laura Alberta. Florence Ross-
land, De Witt tllnton, Joseph L. Tracy, Thorn- \
as T. Doyle, Charles W. Swain and numerous
others.
- - : -V A SUPERB . PRODUCTION.
Prices of admission. 10c, ioc and 25c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Box office open Thursday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
lira. Ernestine Krelln«r. Proprietor and Mgr.
V .'■ ; "]'; EVERY EVENING AT 8.
- Last times of the success of the eeason.
. The Fantastic Comic Opera.
MADELEINE,
Or, THE MAGIC KISS.
MIRTH AND MELODY.
. Matinee Saturday at 2.
NEXT WEEK
THE MYTHOLOGICAL WORK.
"L/\ BELLE HELENE»»
(BEAUTIFUL HELEN.)
' Offenbach's choicest opera.
Popular Prices ..:.......... 25c and 500
N. B.— A reserved seat for the matinee, 25a.
- Our. Telephone, Bush 9.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
LAST WEEK OF
The Foremost Play of Indian 'War,
THE GIRL
I LEFT m
Li I %j& '■■>■'■ '
BEHIND ME
' By David Belasco and Franklyn Fylea.
PRICES - • • - •' - 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Next Week— The Laughing Farce,
A MAN WITH A PAST. '
CONCEETS AND &2SORTS.
CHUTES JND ZOOT"
SPECIAL! TO-NIGHT.
Grand Reception to - the Officers and Crew
of the
• lOYA/A.
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS.
I 10c, Including. Zoo and Theater: Children, 6c.
23,897 TICKETS SOLD IN 6 DAYS.
; Enormous Success of the
STEEPLECHASE
- AT CENTRAL PARK.
The Greatest Novelty Ever Invented. Special
Attractions Added Weekly. Ascensions •by .
VOSMER. ■ the ; Balloonist,. Daily. Punchinello
Marlettes for the Children. World-RenowneJ
ANIMATOSCOPE Views. . Moving Stair*, Eleo
trical Theater, Band . Concerts. Etc. : .
Admission Only 10c, 1 Including "Born*"
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
BQver uncharged.
Wheat dull. Barley Neglected.
Oats in sharp demand and higher.
Rolled Oats advanced "oc.
Corn and Rj-o unchanged.
Hay declined We.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.'
Beani and Seeds as before.
New Codfish on the market.
Beef steady. Mutton lower.
Hogs continue firm.
}' .tatoen steady. Onions off.
Vegetables generally weaker.
Fine Butter firm.
Eggs continue to sell well.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
To-day the laat day of Game.
Mexican Limes cleaned up.
Dried fruit unchanged.
Provisions stand the same.
GOLD AND SILVER MOVEMENTS.
The January movement in gold to and from
the United States was as follows:
1898. 1899.
imports '■',,, $6,066,080 !
Export* \V;\\\'.'......\...... ___. 2.530.503 I
Excess imports $3,834,751 • $3,735,577
For the first seven months of the fiscal year
this movement was as follows:
1597-9 S. IS9B-99.
Tmnorts $34,238,092 $62,706,957
expoHs ::.::::::::: 11.835.5 a 11.714.10
Excess Import* $22,449,230 $50,99*,794
NATIONAL EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
Values of the foreign commerce- of the
United State* for January compare as follows:
IS9B. 1539.
ExDOrts $108.-i2«.674 $115,515,954
Fm£rs ::::::::: i^.m.-u
Excess export* $57,598,960 $67,043,639
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Feb. 27, 1899, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date a 6 compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.4S 19.24 26.69
•Red Bluff 0.00 13.06 12.07
Sacramento 0.00 ■ 7.85 i.55
San Francisco 0.00 7.77 7.32
Fresno • 0.00 8.74 3.45
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 .7.20 5.11
I^s Ans*-les 0.00 ..»2 4.30
Pan Diego 0.00 8.71 8.18
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.23
San Francisco Maximum temperature.
62; minimum, 44; mean, 48.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORKCAST.
The weather is cloudy over the Pacific Slope,
except in Arizona and Southern California.
Rain has fallen along the coast as far south as
Care Mendocino. and light snows have fallen
over the Rocky Mountains and plateau regions.
The pressure is falling quite rapidly along
the coast from San Francisco northward, while
it is rising rapidly over Montana. These con
ditions are favorable for rain over Northern
California Tuesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 28, 1899:
Northern California—Cloudy Tuesday, with
ram in northwest portion; cooler; brisk south
erly winds.
Southern California—Fair Tuesday; fresh
west winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday, with snow In
northwest portion.
Utah—Snow Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francis* and vicinity—Cloudy, with
showers Tuesday: brisk southerly wind.
Mount Tamalpais report—Partly cloudy;
wind west, g mtlea; temperature, 42: maximum
temperature. 64. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— The stock market con
tinued very invpular to-day and left off rather
heavy, but with fractional advances in the j
prominent shares. The railway shares as
sumed more prominence in the dealings than of
late, Important fluctuations occurring from time ,
to time In those properties, during which the
specialties were temporarily relegated to the
background. Prices were receding when, to
ward noon. It was i reported that AgulnaJdo
■was inclined to accept pacific overtures, and a
rally ensued. London was a moderate pur
chaser." Covering movements In' sugar ad
vanced the prices smartly, but free selling ap
peared, which- attracted particular attention,
as it was by brokers' who were believed to
represent houses prominent on the other side
of the stocks, and the stock lost its early gain
and closed but fractionally up , for the day.
Third Avenue dropped 22 points after an Initial
rise of 4. the weakness seemingly in realizing
■when it whs reported that the property would i
be absorbed by Metropolitan. American Steel
and Wire advanced on large dealings, but sub
sequently lost part of the rise. Federal Steel
to a lesser extent sympathized with both move- i
ments in American Steel and Wire. Atchlson
was weak during the early session of the
market, but firmed up. Subsequently it was
sold down, in common with the drive at the !
rest of the market. The grangers were In de
mand in the afternoon. They sagged, together
•with the specialties, during . the late selling. I
■ Some hardening in call money rates accompa
ni 1 the late selling movement.
The bond market displayed a hesitating tone
throughout. Total sales, 490,000.- United !
States new 4s. registered, advanced hi and the ;
£s and 5s % in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day, 845, 100 shares,
including 6060 Atchison, 54,200 do preferred, !
WOO Central Pacific. 56,730 Burlingeon, 17,800
Manhattan, 5790 Metropolitan, 18,500 Reading ,
preferred, 5600 Missouri Pacific, 5675 Missouri,
Kansas and Texas preferred, 19,000 North.Amer
ican. 8300 Northern Pacific, 89,100 Ontario and
Western. 11,400 Rock Island, 14.400 Union Pa
■ cific, 26,700 St. Paul, 4750 Southern Pacific,
22,2%5 Texas and Pacific, 6549 Union Pacific. 12.
-800 Tobacco. 54,785 Steel, 14,370 do preferred,
6000 People's Gas, 6900 Consolidated Gas, 17,581
Brooklyn Transit. 4250 Pacific Mail, €7,200
Sugar, 11,375 Tennessee Coal and Iron, 6200
Leather preferred and ■3197 Rubber.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 23% St Louis & S F.... 11%
Do prefd 64% I Do prefd .... 73
Baltimore & Ohio. 72 , Do 2d prefd 3'j%
Canada Pacific... •HO}, St Paul 130%
Canada Southern.. 68%; Do prefd 169%
Cent Pac 52% St P & Om 92%
Ches & Ohio 25% Do prefd 172
Chi & Alton 172 So Pacific 37%
Chi B & Q 146- So Railway 12%,
Chi & E 111........ 68 ! Do prefd i'j\
Do prefd 120% Texas & Pacific.... 24%
Chi G W. 16V» Union Pacific..'.... 48%
Chi Ind & L 9% Do prefd 80%
Do prefd 44 UPD & 0 12V*
.Chi & N W 148 Wabash 8%
Do prefd 191 | Do prefd 22%
CC <' & St L 38 Wheel &L E- 11%
Do prefd 98 Do prefd .:. 33
Del & Hudson 112% Express Companies-
Del L & W 157 Adams Ex 115
Den & Rio G 22 5* American Ex 140
Do prefd 74% United States 55%
Erie (new) 14% Wells Fargo.. 125
Do Ist prefd 3'.*>4 Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne 178 A Cot Oil 35
Gt Nor prefd 185% Do prefd 92%
Hocking VaJ 5% Am Spirits 12%,
Illinois Cent 110 Do prefd 34%
Lake Erie & W.... 13 Am Tobacco 184%
Do prefd CCVi ', Do prefd 142
Lake Shore .200 Cons Gas 218%
Louis & Nash 65% Com Cable Co 185
Manhattan L 112}; , Col P & Iron 33%
Met St Ry 243^; Do prefd 95
Mich Cent 113 jGen Electric 113
•Minn & St L 53 >Haw Com Co £2
Do Ist prefd 98 Brooklyn R T 94%
Mo Pacific 46% Intl Paper / 68%
Mobile & Ohio 37% I Do prefd 88
Mo X & T 14 Laclede Gas, ex-d. 52
Do prefd 40 j Lead 36%
N J Central 109 > Do prefd 112',
JJ V Central 137 Fed Steel 62%
•N V Chi & St L... 14 I Do prefd 88»i
Do Ist prefd €i Nat Lin Oil 5%
Do 2d prefd 33 [Pacific Mail 61
Nor "West ls^4 People's Gas 114*6
No Amer Co OH Pullman Pal 159%,
No Pacific 53% Silver Certificates. 59%
Do prefd 79% Standard R & T... 10%
Ontario & W 26% Sugar 139%
Or R & Nay 40 ; Do prefd 114%
. Or Short Line V, TC & 1r0n.... 14%
Pac C Ist prefd.... 89 US Leather 6«i
Do 2d prefd 64 I Do prefd 70%
Pittsburg ISO U S Rubber M
Reading 22% | Do prefd.. 115%
Do Ist. prefd 63% Western Union.... 84%
RG W : 37 Or Say prefd...... 71
Do prefd 75 1 -; Pac Coast 49
Rock Island 119% Colo Southern 7*4
St Louis & S W... '"><, Do Ist prefd 53%
Do prefd 28% I "Do 2d prefd 21%
CLOSING BONDS.
•US 3e 106%- N V Central 15U..117%
U S new 4b reg 128 NJC 5s 117
coup '....128 N Carolina 6s ISO
V 84s 112% Do 45..- 104
Do coup 112% No Pac lsts ....115
Do 2ds 99 [' Do 3s 68%
.U H 5s reg 111% Do 4s 103
Do 5s coup Ul%|N V C & St L 45. .107%
District 3.65s ...lIS Nor &W 6s .130%
Ala class A 110 Northwestern con. 143
Do B 107 Do deb 5s 122
Do C .......100 O Nay lats 11l
Do Currency..;.. 100 O Nay 4s .....1O2V»
'Atchlson 4s 101% O S Line 6s tr 125%
Do adj 45.. S3 OS Line 5s tr 110%
Can So 2ds 11114 Reading 4s 89
C & O 4%s 96V4 R G W lsts 94%
Chi Term 4s 95% St L & I M con E5.111%
C & Ohio 5b 118% St L & S F gen 65. 123%
. C H & D 4%s 104% St P Con 164%
D & R G lsts lO^i St P C & P 15t5.. .121%
D & R G 4s 100 | DO 55... 121%
East Term l.«t« 104% So Ry 55........ 105%
Erie Gen 4s "3 ; Stand R & T 65... 88
1' W & D lsts tr.. 85% Term new set 3?... 974
Gen Elec 5s 115 Tex Pac L G 15t5. .11314
G H & S A 6s 109 Do Rg 2da.. 53%
Do 2ds ...110 Union Pac 4s 103%
H& T C 55... .109 UP D & 18t8... 88
Do con 6s 110 W Shore 4a... 112%
lowa C lsts 109 |Wabash Ist 6s 115
La new con 4* 103% Do 2d5..... 98
L A N Unl 4> 9.v 4 Va Centuries 86
Mo Par Con 15.... 114* L*> deferred .7
M X & T 2ds «4fWls Cent Mm...... 6Sft
Do 4 a '. 944 Colo Southern 48.. Sift
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 35 Ontario 5 73
Crown Point. 20 Ophir '100
Con Cal & V...... 1 60 Ply-mouth 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 175
Gould * Curry 40 Do preffl 500
Hale * Norcrs 40 Sierra Nevada l 16
Homestake SO no Standard 173
Iron Silver 75 Union Con 0..
Mexican" 651 Yellow Jacket...... 2S.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ':;.-■' • Do prefd 112
Call loans 2@3 Westlngh Elec BO
Time loans Z&A Da prefd 63%
Stocks— Gen Klec prefd. ...137
Ath Top & St Fe. 2314 Atch prefd 644
Amer Sugar tSBT| Mining Shares-
Do prefd 114^ Allouez Mm C 0.... lift
Bay State Gas IV Boston & M0nt. ...308
Bell Tel 345 ißutte & Boston 02 l i
Boston * Albany.. 247 Calumet & Hecla..7BO
Boston & Maine... l7s Centennial BIH
Boston L 87 Franklin 23%
1 "iii Bur & Q 146 01,1 Dominion 39%
Fltchburg 113 Oaoeola M
Gen Electric 112* Quincy 1""
! Federal Steel 634 Tamarack 225
Do prefd Wolverine 43
Mexican Central... 6% Parrot t 4"
Old Colony 201 Humboidt 2 4
Or Short Line 44 < Union Land 8
Rubber 524 Adventure I 1)
Union rac *h\b Wlnona 18
West End 944
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were very quiet and dull
to-day. Americans began weak. London
bought measrerly for an hour an 1 New York
sold later. The close- was near the worst. ex
cept Ontario and Western, which was in de
mand all day. Coppers were heavy. Tlntos,
39'%: Anaconda*. 9 9-18: Utah. 8%: Bostons.
2 9-16. Money was in good demand for repay
ment to the bank.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Feb. 27.— Canadian Pacific, i>3:
Northern Pacific, Rift: Union Pacific preferred,
gift; Grand Trunk, 8%. Bar silver dull, 27%.
Money, 24<§'29i per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 27.— FLOUR—
13.33S barrels; exports, 17,931. Neglected, but
! steadily held.
WHEAT— Receipts, EO.SOO bushels: exports,
61.658. Spot— No. 2 red; 86%086%0 t. o. b.
afloat to "arrive and spot. Options opened i
steady and generally firm all day. but very
quiet. Bulls were favored by weather condi
tions, big clearances, cables and export de
mand. Scalpers covered short wheat put out
Saturday, while foreign houses traded on
both sides. The close was steady at hi<it &c net
decline. March, .83\i@84Hc closed S4',ic May,
77 9-165378 11-16 c, closed 77\c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
METAL— The week opened with the situation
in metals destitute of special new features or
radical change. The news reaching the market
from abroad and from primary points averaged
up pretty much as expected, while demand was
not urgent. At the close the metal exchange \
called: • " •
PIG IRON— Warrants, unchanged at $9 25
nominal.
LAKE COPPER— QnIet and unchanged, with
$17 75 bid and $18 asked. -■■",'■■
TlN— Quiet at $24 50.
LEAD— Steady, with $4 35 bid and $4 40 asked.
SPELTER— with 16 374 bid and $6 50
asked.
The brokers' pric£ for lead is $4 20 and cop
per $18. ' -•/ ..;
COFFEE — Options closed steady unchanged.
Pales 18.750 bags. Including March, ss 26; April,
$5 40; May. $5 40<g'5 45: June, $5 50; September,
$5 75; October, $5 SO; November. $5 85; January,
$6@s6 05. Spot coffee— Rio quiet, about steady:
No. 7 invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild,
steady; Cordova, &gl4c. Small trade in Brazil- I
ian, but fair business in mild coffee.
SUGAR — Raw firm with an upward tendency;
fair refining, t%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; j
molasses sugar, 3 11-16 c; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts', 7893 packages. Firm; !
! Western creamery, 16f?22c; Elgins, 22c; factory, j
i 1 2*3 14 c.
.EGGS— Receipts, 1766 packages. Steady; i
Western, 34c; Southern, 34c. . .
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— California dried fruits ]
steady. v
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@B%c; I
prime wire tray, B%@9c; choice, 9 I I sc;
lancy, 9%@10c
PRUNES— 4£IOc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c; Moorpark. 13f17c.
PEACHES— 9@llc; peeled, 25'£2sc.
CHICAGO WHEAT MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. Freezing temperatures
to-day throughout the winter wheat • belt,
i where there was heavy rain yesterday and Sat- j
' urday, caused a good, deal of anxiety regarding
■ the winter plant, and the market opened very I
j firm. May started toe higher at 73%<a734c," but ,
I met considerable celling by scalpers, brought !
\by indifferent cables, and the price j
; sagged to 73c. The weakness did not last long,
'however, as Russian shipments last week were \
I found to have been only 664,000 bushels, and the j
receipts at domestic markets indicated some
reduction of farmers" deliveries. The down- j
i ward tendency of foreign markets, however, .
I somewhat dampened the spirits. of the bulls j
! and prevented the full fruition that might oth- i
! erwise have .arisen from those two announce- ;
i ments, i May did not get above 734 c. and closed
at 73% c.
A smaller increase in the visible than expect-
I ed, large clearances and .moderate receipts
! trengthened corn. Commission houses and ele
vator concerns bought freely, but at the Im
provement realizing set in and part of the gain
! was lost. May rose He.
i There was a good demand for oats from con
| cerns who were taking oft hedges on cash lots
i for shipment, and the market ruled firm
> throughout. Cash demand continued good, and
I 100,00 bushels were taken for shipment. May
■ closed a shade higher.
! The expectation of finding considerable, ad
dition to stocks of cutmeats and lard when the
result of stock-taking becomes known, March
1 1, depressed provisions. Pork lost 174@20c, lard
I Be and- ribs 2 1 -2'r;."c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 734 7314 73 73%
July :. 71% 71% 71* 71%
Corn No. —
May 36% 3674 8614 36%
July 37 37% 86*4 37
j September 37% -37% S 37 £ 37%
' Oats No. 2—
. May 25% 28% 27% 284.
, July 264 26</ 4 26 26*
Mess Pork, per barrel
i May 955 9 574 9 374 940
; July 9 70 9 70 9 55 9 574
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May ..5 424 545 6 374 640
July ." 5 55 5 5? 5 50 5 60
September 5 674 5 674 6 624 565
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 4 824 4 824 4 774 480
July. 4 95 4 95 4 90 4 924
I September 5 024 605 5 024 605
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, moderate demand and steady: No. 2
, spring wheat, 68'5'71c; No. 3 spring wheat, G."t?>
Tic; No. 2 red, 73@'734c; No. 2 corn. 354@35?ic;
, ! No. 2 oats, 27% c; No. 2 white, 30-g3lc; No. 3
j white, 29%<530c; No. 2 rye. 56%®564c; No. 2
I barley, 42@E2c: No. 1 flajtseed, $1 13%; prime
! timothy seed, $2 474@2 50; mess pork, per bar
rel. $9 25@9 30: lard, per 100 pounds. $5 25®
6 274: short rib sides, loose. $4 65@4 75; dry
salted shoulders, boxed, 4*4@4%c: short clear
sides, boxed, $4 95@5: whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 26.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull and easy; creameries, 14@21c;
dairies, U4@l7c. Eggs, weak and lower; fresh,
25@280. Cheese, firm; creams, 9%@104c.
WHBAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. ■ Bushels.
Minneapolis 284.250 27,360
T«uluth .' 95.563 . fiO3
! Milwaukee ..' 21.700 8,227
I Chicago 42,950 ' 6,793
Toledo • 25,803 ; IS.COO
1 St Louis ./. 19,000 6,000
Detroit 6.43r> 10,704
Kansas City 94,000 ) 36.000
.Totals 592.706 115,
Tidewater-
Boston 3,712 12,633
New York 60.400 61.688
Philadelplha : 10,390 .......
Baltimore .'. 9,446 . 40,000
Galventon ..". '
New. Orleans ..." 239,600
Totals .'...
i LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening , 574 57% .57
Closing • 5 74 6 7% 6 7%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— • Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 44 50 44 80
Closing 44 30 44 60
Wheat-
Opening 22 35 • 21 35
Closing -.21 . 2130
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Feb. 27.- -CATTLE— The better
1 class 'of beeves ruled -" stronger to-day, with
some rales 6@loc higher. Fancy, cattle, $5 70@i
6 83;. choice steers, $5 85@6 66; mediums, (4 65@
4 95; beef steers. $3 8004 60; stockers and feed
ers, $3 501^4 75; bulls, $2 50@4; cows and heifers
J3 3015-4 ; Western fed steers, ■$4 10@5 55 ; Texas
steers. $3 60®4 05: carves. $3 50ig'7 25.
HOGS— Hogs were 74@10c lower. Fair to
choice, J. 3 824®4; packing lots. »3 60©3 80;
; mixed, $3 60@3 874; butchers, $3 60@3 77%; light.
»3 60^3 824: pigs, $3 26@3 66. . , : ■
1 SHEEP— Sheep ruled stronger, while ; best
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1899.
! lambs sold r.«?10c higher. Poor to prime sheep
$::-„ i 60; yearlings. $4 2504 65: common to choice
lambs, $4@4 90; chiefly $4 65©4 85.
. Receipts-Cattle. 13,000; hogs, 27.000; sheep.
14.000. ■
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 87.— Journal .of Com
mence says: The situation in nil descriptions
of California dried fruits is reported to be a
very strong one. Supplies at present are said
to be much smaller than for many seasons past
at this time of the year, when the spring de
mand generally sets in. Recent storms have
curtailed the" movement of stocks into con
sumption, but for several days past Inquiry
has been quite brisk, and while Individual
transactions have been comparatively small
the aggregate sales have been rather larger
than Is generally the case In February. Them
la no speculative inquiry, the demand coming
wholly from distributors who need stock to
cover current wants of consumption.
Among California cured fruits, peaches and
apricots seem to be in particularly good d*^
mand. The stock of the former on spot is
said not to exceed fifteen cars and the bulk
of this, It Is understood. Is In the hands of one
house. With demands from consumers increas
ing the market la very strong, with an up
ward tendency. Of apricots on the spot there
are Bald to be not more than five cars all
told. The home demand Is active, but tho
limited supply, coupled with the high prices
demanded, restricts business. Interior markets
are coming to New York for supplies, their
own stocks being exhausted, while little or
nothing is obtainable on the coast. Numerous
Inquiries have been received here during the
past week from Chicago, Bt, Louis, Baltimore
and Philadelphia, but holders in New York am
Indifferent sellers, and consequently the in
terior trade has been able to secure only small
lots.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. 27.- Consols. 11l 3-16; Silver.
27-V1; French Rentes, 102f 874°. Wheat car
goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pann
age, quiet and steady; cargoes of Walla Walla,
2Ss6d; English country markets partially dear
er; import into United Kingdom, wheat. 172.000
bushels; import Into United Kingdom, flour,
289,000 bushels; wheat and flour on passage to
United Kingdom. 2,670.000 bushels; wheat and
flour on passage to continent, 1,270,000 bushels;
Indian shipments of wheat to United; Kingdom.
32.000 bushels: Indian shipments of wheat to
continent, none. '-_■' "■••-• ■''
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 27.— Wheat firm; wheat In
Pails quiet; flour In Paris easy; French country
markets steady.
COTTON— Uplands, B%d.
* CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 27.— WHEAT— Spot firm;
futures dosed quiet; March, 5s 7Mid; May, 6s
7%d; July, fis 7*id. ' „ „, .
CORN— American mixed, old. firm, 8s 7%d;
March quiet. 3s 5%d; May, 8s 6%d.
LIVERPOOL WHEAT IMPORTS.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 27.— Imports of wheat Into
Liverpool for the week: From Atlantic ports,
fi3,ROO quarters; from Pacific ports, none; from
other ports, 19,000 quarters.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 27.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of "the treasury shows:
Available . cash balance $274,000,078; gold re
serve, $229,671,445.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— statement of the
! visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
•Saturday, February 25. as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
•Wheat— 29.920,000 bushels: Increase, 302>000.
Corn— '3l,B2l.ooo bushels; decrease, 1000.
0at5— 9,369,000 bushels; increase, 693,000.
Rye— l 540,000 bushels: decrease, 37,000.
8ar1ey— 2.674,000 bushels: decrease, 98,000.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 27.— Clearances, $3*3,
--.672; balances, $73,509.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 27.— There was noth
ing In the foreign wheat markets which would
.warrant an advance locally and moat of the
operators are still holding off, In preference to
doing business at a loss. Sixty-six cents was
bid to-day for Walla Walla and reports from
the interior are to the effect that a price
equivalent to 61c In Portland was being of
fered. The export value Is about 57ig'5Sc. Val
ley is in poor demand at 59@60c and blue stem
is nominally 62c.
Cleared— Ship Otton Hall with 95,631 bushels
wheat; bark Eagle Crag with 84.141 bushels
wheat,- both for Queenstown. British bark St.
Mary's Bay with 2205 barrels flour for Dur
ban. South Africa.
WASHINGTON.
I TACOMA. Feb. WHEAT— 68c; blue
! stem, 61(g62c. .
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 85Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87VI
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 17ft
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 68ft
Mexican Dollars — 47ft®4h
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The week opened on a dull and
featureless market.
Spot Wheat- Shipping. $1 12ft®l 15; milling,
Jl 17Vx'«l 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls,
$1 16; December— 2ooo, $1 IHVi; 2000, $1 19ft.
Second Session— No saleF.
Regular Forenoon Se.-sion — May— 2ooo ctls,
■ $1 16ft; 10,000, $1 16Vi: 6000, $1 16%;- December—
, 2000, $1 19; 2000, $1.18%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls.
Jl 19ft; 10.000, Jl 193fc; May— 2ooo, $1 16H; 4000,
; Ji i«%.
BARLEY — The spot market continued dull
I and unchanged, but futures showed rather
more tone.
Feed— sl 25i@l 27Vi: Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — Seller '99,
1 new-2000 ctls. Jl 02.
Second Session— No sales.
1 Regular Forenoon Session— Seller '99. new—
I 6000 ctls. $1 i' 2'«; 2000, Jl 01%; 12.000. $1 02.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls,
! Jl 02\; -000, Jl 02%; 2000, Jl 02ft.
OATS- With the exception, of seed descrip
tions, which are wholly nominal, owing to the
dry weather, the market is 2"^c higher all
around. Stocks are very light and steadily
growing smaller and the demand from buyers
is sharp. The Government Is said to be on
the market for supplies for Manila.
Fancy Feed, Jl 37ft@l 40 per ctl; good to
I choice. $1 Ss<g 1 57%: common, $1 32Vi; Surprise.
! Jl 454(150; Gray, $1 fflft®l 85; Milling, Jl 37ft
1 per ctl; Red. nominal; Black, nominal.
CORN— Previous prices rules, with a dulL
I market.
Small round Yellow, Jl 23; Eastern large
Yellow, Jl 1091 12ft; White, Jl 10; mixed, Jl 07ft
@1 10 per ctl; California White, Jl 12ft.
RYE-J1 »ft©l 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Another advance of 20c in Rolled Oats Is an
nounced. These goods are very firm in sym-
I pathy with the raw product.
FLOUR— California family extras, J4@4 15;
I bakers' extras. $3 90©4; Oregon and Washing
j ton, W&Z 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
: lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
! Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
i per 100; Rice Flour, J7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
I cream Cornpieal, $2 25: Oatmeal. J4 60@4 75;
! Oat Groats, J4 75; Hominy, J3 25#3 50; Buck
-1 wheat Flour, J4fi4 25; Cracked Wheat. J3 75-
S Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Klour,. J3 50; Rolled
S Oats (barrels), |#66&8 96: in sucks, $6 ISOB ;:,;
I Peari Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas,
J4 50 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Large receipts of Hay and the cloudy skies
weakened the market EOc all around. The de
mand was dull. However, the Government Is
reported to want 1100 tons for Manila.
Bran ami Middlings were unchanged.
I BRAN— JI9 f.0(220 per ton.
MIDDLING s-J21<&" 22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. J26<3!27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31^31 50; Job
bing, J32u32 50; Cocoanut Cake, J24@25: Cot
tonseed Meal. J28&30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50
'"24 60; Cracked Corn, J24#25; Mt*ed Feed,
Jl'J 50(^20.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $15 50@17 for
good to choice and $13<i?t5 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in: Wheat and Oat, JIGS 16;
Oat. J12W14: Island Barley. Jl2 50^13 50; Al
falfa, |11@12; Stock. J10; Clover, nominal
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13@14 50; Cheat.
$]0^!150; Grass Hay, $10<g:i0 50; Oat, $12 50^
13 75; Clover, $10@ll; Timothy, $10 50@12 per
ton.
STRAW— 3O@67^c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans continue steady at unchanged prices,
except an advance In Limas.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 60@l 80; Small Whites.
$2Q2 15; Large Whites, $1 70@l 80; Pinks.
$1 90@2 06; Rerls, JS 25<ff3 35: B.ackeye, $3 73@
3 80; Butters. $2 25®2 50; Llmas. $3 30®3 40; Pea,
$2 2191 60; Red Kidneys. $2 40^2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 75@4; Flax, $2 15@2 25; Ca
nary Seed, 2ft@2%c per Ib: Alfalfa. B®Bftc;
Rape, 2»4<g2%c; Hemp, 2ft®3c: Timothy, s®sftc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 66@1 70; Green, J2®
1 2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions are weak. Potatoes show no change.
Asparagus, Peas and Rhubarb were slightly
lower.
Hothouse Cucumbers from San Jose, $1 &0-33
per doren.
( POTATOBB— 76o®SI 06 per ctl for Early Rose,
90c<S$l 10 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marln Burbanks, 90c@$l 10 per ctl; Oregon,
Ssc@sl 20; Sweet" Potatoes, 75c for River and
$1 -75- for Merced: New Potatoes, 2#24c per
: Ib
ONIONS per ctl. outside quotation
for Oregon. — . -  ,
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, We per lb for
No. 2, lO^lSftc for No. 1 and 13«14c for fancy;
Rhubarb 6<<pc l>er Ib; Green I'ean, 4'<». c;
String Beans .-<&— ; Cabbage. 4Ca">oc; Toma
toes, $1 25<&2 for Los Angeles: Kkk '''-■"•
-©— per fb; Garlic. 6®7c per Ib; Dried Okru,
15c per Ib; Gre«-n Peppers, We per ib; Dried
Peppers, 7®124c; Carrots, 2f>f» 35c per sac*.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Throe cars of Eastern sold at 13314 c for Tur
keys, $5 60 for Ducks ami old Roosters, $2 for
..... $5 ..,•■;.. for liens, ft EO&S for young
Boost*!* and $6 for Fryers. More will be put
° Game n was steady. To-day will wind up the
season For most kinds. . ».,—.. 
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 124«TJ5c: live
Turkeys,* IVy 13c for Gobblers and 11018 c for
Hens: Oeesc per pair.' $1 MO) 75; Goslings, $2 25
'.1 2 60; Ducks, $4 BOigjB: Hens, $5 50<06 60; young
Roosters. $7©7 50; old Roosters, VS9*iFnrm.
$6<&6 60: Broilers. »6©6 60 for large. $3 60<U4 &0
for- small; Pigeons, It 60©l 78 per dozen for
I old and $2 25(02 60 for Squabs.
GAMK— Quail. $1 1601 50; Milliard. $3^4,
Canvasback, 68©«; Sprig. HOI 60; Teal,
$2©2 50; Widgeon, $1&1 2.1; Small L)" .. $1;
English Snipe, $2 6003; Jack Snipe. II® I 25:
Gray Oeeie $2: White Geese, "75cii$l; Brant, $1
(5160; Honkers, $3©3 60: Hare, 1126; Rabbits.
$1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
w UTTER.' CHEESE AND 8008.
Fine Creamery Butter rale* flrm, but all
other grades nre weak. Cheese li unchanK<»<l.
Kggs ntlll keep up, as stocks are light and th«
demand continues good. They are lower at
Sun Dlrgo and Seattle, however, and th» East
ern market li liable to go to pieces ' any mo
ment, so the present prices are not expected to
liiHt long.
BUTTBB .' „„
Creamery— Fancy creameries. 2C@260; (ieo
onds. 24c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy. 21@23c; common
irradeH 17^1 20c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 16®17c; pickled roll.
14®16c for dairy and . 16iy>17o for creamery
squares : creamery tub. 19c.
. Eastern Mutter Ladle packed. 154@140 per
Ib; Klgln, nominal. , , .
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll(3114c: old. 10
(fflOVic; Cream Cheddar, 12<f?124c; Young Amer
ica. 114©124 c: Eastern, 10-5120.
EGGS— Quoted at 179190 per dozen. •
DECIDUOUS AN CITRUS FRUITS.
Mexican Ltmes are hardly quotable, as they
are about cleaned out. There is nothing new
In Apples and Oranges.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 60cS'$l for common, $1 25©l 60 per box
for No. 1 ami $1 76 for choice. ..' ,!_,,. „,
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50,572 75
per box; Seedlings. 76c05l 50; Mandarins. $125
©1 75" Lemons. 75cg$l M for common and Wit
250 for goo.l to choice; Mexican Llmen, $9;
California Limes, — <S per small box; Grape
Fruit, $1 B0©2; Bananas, $1 lO©l 60 per bunch;
Pineapples, $2@4 60 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS and RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6ftc for 40-50*8, 44
0454 c for 50-60's. 3Vi@34c f0r.60-70's, i\-,: :■ • lor
70-SO's,' 24®2%c for 80-90's, 2#2^c for yO-100's
and l%<g-2c for 100-110' s; Silver Prunes. 2'<.-&
Be; Peaches. 74@84c for good to choice, 9®9'/jC
for fancy and for peeled; Apricots. 104®
134 c tor rtoyala and 114 c for Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 798 c; sun dried, '.r<jsV.c; Ulaclt
Figs/sacks. ZOXftc; Plums, nominal, 101Vjo for
unpltted; Pears, nominal. ~-
RAISINS— for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown 5%c for four-crown, 44@6c for Seed
less Sultanas, 34c for Seedless Muscatels and
$120 for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2\<B3c.
Chestnuts. 7c per Ib; Walnuts, 7@Bc
for hardshell, 9@loc.for softshell; Almonds.
7@3c for hardshell. 13®14c for softshell, 15@16c
for paper-shell: Peanuts,. 6@7c for Eastern and
4>*<Ssc for California: Cocoanuts, $4 60@5.
HONEY— 10@llc for bright and 9c for
lower grades; water white extracted, 7c; light
amber extracted, 6®«4c; dark. s(&6ftc per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24® 26V per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B@B4c per Ib for
heavy, S4@9c for light medium, lOViS'llc for
light, 12c for extra light and 124@13c for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Cali
fornia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef. $12@12 50 per bbl:
extra Mess Beef, $13 50; Family Beef. $14 50» !
15- extra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear, $17 50; j
mess. $16; Smoked Beef, lie per Ib.
LARD— quoted at 4%!@5%c per Ib for
compound and 7@74c for • pure; half-barrels, J
pure 7%@Sc; 10-lb tins, S4c; 6-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%(&6?4c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9fec;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, S^c; 6-lb pails, 12 in a
case Bftc; 10-lb palls. 6 in a case. B%c; 50-lb
tins 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs 'net. S>'.»c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7T»c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 3c; light. B(ff'S4c: Cow
hides, S4@9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, , sound, 15c; Culls and Brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10^30c each; short
! Wool 36360 c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
S*c@sl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75<&2 25 for
i large and $1 for small; Colts, 25!g50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50©2 for large and $1 for «nall. ;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3U@34c per !t>; ;
No. 2 2%®3c; refined, 4%(g5c; Grease, 2@24c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months, 7 ( ij9c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months, 8&9 c; Foothill and Northern, free. 10@
• 12c; Foothill and Northern, defective. 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada, 10®
12c; Eastern Oregon. 10<5.12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 @11
Northern Mountain 6ft® 9
Southern 6 w 74
Plains • 5 <3! 6
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10@llc per Id for ordinary,
12@12 1 / for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
•Mutton is a fraction lower. Lamb Is firm.
Veal and Beef are unchanged. Hogs rule firm.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 7@Sc per lb. -.•."-;
VEAL— Large, s®Bftc; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, Bft"*9c; Ewes, B@B4o.
LAMB— 94@loc per Ib for yearlings and 12% c
for spring. • ■■■"":■>.<
PORK— Live Hogs, 54c for large, 5%@6c for
medium and 605% c for small; stock Hogs, 44
@sc; dressed Hogs, 64@84c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, sH@s%c for
June-July delivery; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San
Quentin Bags, $4 95. ■ a.'.-
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southneld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos. Bay, $6; Wallsend. $7 50,
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $S 50 in bulk and $9 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14
--1 Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock .Springs and Castle
Gate, $7" 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks. . . . ■ . '.■■■'■
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms net cash: ■ Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated. 5%c: Con
fectioners', A, s?ic: California A. 64c; Magno
lia A, 5%c; Extra C, DVic; Golden C. 6y 8 e; half
barrels, Vie mote than barrels, and bpxes Vie
more. No order taken for less than -75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
CANNED FRUlT— Shipment of 2527 cases to
Liverpool. • . * .
SALMON— Shipment of 4113 cases to Liver
pool. Alaska Salmon is quoted at $I@l 05 per
dozen i. o. b. on car load lots.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Union Fish Com
-1 uany announces the arrival of the first cargo
j of 1899, fish ex-schooner Frances Alice, which Is
I quoted as follows: Bundles, 3%c per Ib; cases,
selected, 4Vic per Ib; cases, imitation Eastern'
sVie per Ib; boneless, s'/ic per Ib; strips sft@
7V»c per Ib; blocks, '44,6 6% c . per Ib; tablets,
7Vic per Ib; middles. 6Vi@SV4c per Ib; desiccated,
874 c per dozen: pickled cod, barrels, $7 75 each"
pickled cod. half barrels, $4 25.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, . February 27.
Flour, qr sks 22,397|Hay, tons 660
Wheat, ctls 63.269 1 Wool, bales , 4
Barley, ctls 2,900 : Shorts, sks 155
Corn. ctls. East. 600 Pelts, bdls.- ... 573
Butter, ctls 166 Lime, bbls.. 226
Cheese, ct15....... li) : Eggs, doz. 22,800
1 Middlings, sks..".. 830 Quicksilver, flk.. I
I Potatoes, sks...:. 751 Leather, rolls 103
Onions,' Rks 681 1 Wine, gals 87,000
Bran, sks — ...... 1,155 1 Sugar, sks 430
Hides, no.. 1.1*21
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 4ROHay, tons.., 10
Onions, 5k5....... 270
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 6,012 'Wheat, ct15....... 6,470
• ♦ ■ ■ .
THE STOCK MARKET.
The week opened with an animated market
for local securities and fluctuations w%re nu
merous. Higher prices were paid for Mutual
Electric, Hawaiian Commercial and Alaska
Packers', while Contra Costa Water and Gaa
and Electric declined.
On Saturday the big Comstock pump waH
stopped to repair a defective pipe and the wa
ter rose twenty feet. The -market yesterday
responded by declining to suit the, occasion, as
will be seen by the list of sales. At present it
1b not a mining stock, but a pump market.
After the morning .session, however, prices be
gan to recover and were higher in the after
noon. The dally telegram from the pump was
as follows: "Water raised In shaft twenty
three feet since the pumps shut down on Sat
urday. It ie now thirty feet below the 1750
--foot level. Expect to resume pumping to-mor
row."
The official report of the operations in the
Consolidated California and Virginia mine for
tha week ending February 25 la as fellows: At
the C. and C. shaft as the water wa* lowered
below the 1750-foot ' level the shaft has been
cleaned out and reopened and part of the old
pipe removed rrom the pump compartment.
The shaft below the water is found to.be In
fair condition, requiring but few new timbers.
The lagging and centers will have to be re
moved. Work on the dynamo and electric In
stallation have been continued. 1400-foot level—
112 feet of the west drift has been cleaned out
-and repaired, making a total distance of 192
feet. As there is a little water running from
the hailing wall In this drift a drain and
pipe* have been provided to carry It Into the
general drainage system 'leading to the Sutro
tunnel. All machinery in good order.
In the Ophlr mine the north drift from the
old Central tunnel openings was extended nine
feet and cut Into an old west drift, which will
be ventilated and examined. It could be seen
that no moping had been done In the oil
drift and before the north drift ran Into It
there had been a decided Improvement In the
character and value of the vein, an average
sample assaying »2 10 In gold and two ounces
silver, while a selected sample assayed »4 10 in
gold and 14.2 ounces silver. The drift will be
continued In the vein- beyond the old crosscut.
On the Sutro tunnel level the work preparatory
to drifting will be completed as soon as PO»
--" In e 'the Union Consolidated mine th« nnrth
In the Union Consolidated mine th« north
drift from the top of the raise 286 feet above
the COO level -was advanced 10 feet; total 66
feet: fa'-.- in quartz and porphyry.
In the Sierra Nevada mine the north arm,
started at a point 487 feet northwest from
the 140-foot level station of the shaft, ; was
advanced thirty feet during the week; total
length, 130 feet; fate In porphyry. On the >"*>
foot level the south drift from the top of
the rnls<* eighty feel above this level, was ad
vunced twelve reel during the week: total,
elKhty-lhree feet: face In clay and porphyry.
In the Utah Consolidated mine work was
stopped in the main west drift, and at a point
120 feet north they started a northwest drift
and advanced lame sixteen feet through hard
l> l'n' UiiTosblston shaft of th« Best & Belcher
and Gould & Curry mines they have pe«B re
moving rock and old timbers from the sta
tion at the point of connection with the nutro
tunnel As there Is a large quantity of tali
material the track Is being arranared to <■'•
conmiodnte the tunnel iars that will be need
in this drift In future.
In the Chollnr and Potosl mines no work was
done on the surface or underground during th»
|>RKt Wll'k. MK*<SSS - *" , .  ,
The delinquent aiuwHumrnt snl» of in- '»*'*
& NorcroM Mining Company will '"' -' <1 to-
The annual- meeting of th. Ria.ndA.r.l <on
■olldated Mining Company of Bodie was tin d
yesterday, will. 185.936 of the IiS.OOO *»■*"•« of
outstanding stock represented, the reiimlnlr ir
11,600 shares being In the u-amiry. ™« " ,'}
board of directors wan re-ejected, <-..mp'..,<;i 01
P. N. Llllenthal, W. H. OBcanyon. N. West
i,,ii!,,r J. W. !'<w c I-: I'axton,^. 1.. Acker
man and Sol K. Seheellne JV*; I '"J^ n^-f
waa re-elated president. W .ll. Oscanyon first
vice president, N. Wesrt.elmer Meond vice
president, J. W. Pew secretary. Bank of Califor
nla depository- of fund* and R. oll . m , an . Mrown
manager. Th, company has a cash balance of
$35,970 96 In the treasury-
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. .
MONDAY, February 27—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. I • ■ Bld.Ask.
Bonds- Cent L & P... — -BV4.
(■ avar coup. .US - fcqult GL. Co. 9% -
<c quar re*.:. — — Mutual El Co. — 16%
4s quar new...125H129% Oakland Gas.. 49 49%
3a quar coup.. 107% — 1 Far Gas Imp.. *3% — ■
Miscellaneous- . Pac 1 C 0...... a a
Cal-st Cab 55..114 - SF G & E..~ 82*4 83%
Cal Elec 55....125%127%|5an Fran 3% —
C'• Wat 55.... — 108% Stockton Gas.. — 14
i)i ]n _et ax c — I Insurance —
E £ & P 6b : ! '.130% - iFlrem-s Fund . 217%220
F&CI Ry 6a. - 120*1 Ba k Stocks -,, „
Geary-st X sb. — 102 | Anglo-Car .... 66% S3
H C & S 5%5. — :05 [ Bank of Ca1.. 25.% —
LAL Co to.. - - Cal SD& T. »8 98%
■ Do sntd to..— 102 First Nation!. 2l3 225
Market-st 65...127%125% Lori P & A. ..133 -
Do Ist M 55.116'/i117% Mer Exchange — 16
NCN G X 7s. 107 — I Nev Nat 8k..175 v — .;.
NBy Ca.l 65.. 11394114% Savings Banks-
XRy Cal 55. .113 — Ger S & L....1640 1650
NPC R R 8s.lO«»4 — Hum S & L.1060 1160
NPC R R 55. 102 102H : Mutual Bar.. — 41%
N Cal R R os. loo — 18 F SavU.. 497% —
Oak Gas 5a.. .110 — SAL 50.... — 102%
Om CRy 65... 129 — Security S B 300 350
P&CI Ry 65.. 105% — Union T C0..U10 1450
P & O6s 117 — Street Railroads—
Powell-st 65.. .120 125 California ....111 —
Sac El Ry 6&. — — .Geary 4." —
S F & N P sH.llo%llo%Market-Bt .... 62% 63
BF & S JV55.113 — Oak SL.& H. — —
SlerraßCal dß.mmoVAi Presidio 11 —
5 r of Ar 65..112U — Powder—
: S I' C 6« (1905)114 114% California ....160 170
S P C 6s (1906)llo%116% F. Dynamite... 87% —
SPC 6s (1912)122% — Giant. Con Go. 60% 61%
SPC If cgr 55.106 — Vlgorit 2% 2%
' S P Br 6s 121% — ! Miscellaneous—
S V Water 65..119%119»; Al Pac A55n..109%103%
B V Water 45.. 104 — G.er Ld Wk5...250 —
B V W45(3dm).101% — Hana PI C 0... 16% 16 T 4
Stktn Gas 65.. — 107 H C & S Co.. 74% 73
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 33 33%
Contra Costa.. 63 63% Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Marln Co 60 — lOceanlc S Co. 75 —
Spring Valley. lol%lol% Pac A F A.... 1 1%
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co. loo —
Capital Gas...— — I Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent Gaslight. 10S —I .: ',\^ •.?-.''
Morning Session. *.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 109 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association 109 25
10 Alaska Packers* Association 109 50
175 Alaska Packers' Association... ...HO 00
15. Contra Costa Water 63 50
10 Contra Costa Water.' ;.. 63 25
110 Contra Costa Water 63 00
10 Contra Costa "Water 62 75
5 Contra Costa Water 62 CO
25 Equitable Gas 10 00'
100 liana Plantation Co 16 50
. 100 Hana Plantation Co ..16 62%
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 74 00
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 74 25
• 45 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 74 37%
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 74 50
60 Mutual Electric Light, cash 16 50
125 Mutual Electric Light 17 00
275 Mutual Electric Light 16 75
75 Mutual Electric Light 16 87*4
60 Mutual Electric Light, b 5 16 $7%
$10 000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds. 113 75
12 S F Gaslight 3 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 50
95 S F Gas & Electric Co .. 83 00
135 S F Gas & Electric Co.. •.. 82 50
30 § F Gas & Electric Co 82 75
$3000 S V 6 per cent bonds 119 75
20 S V Water 101 50
40 S V Water 101 37%
$300 US! per cent. bonds"...... 107 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
22.Alaska Packers' Association 110 00
20 Alaska Packers' Association.... 109 87%
30 Equitable Gas 9 50 ■
30 Equitable Ga5....... 9 75
30 First National Bank 220 00
70 Hana Plantation Co 16 75
200 Hana Plantation Co .'. 16 87%
195 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 74 75
30 Mutual Electric Light 16 50
75 Mutual Electric Light 16 25
2 Mutual Electric Light 17 00
25 Mutual Electric Light .....16 12%
50 Mutual Electric Light.. 16 00
65 Oceanic S S C 0..... 75 00
180 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 5 ....... 83 00
45 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 6 83 00
•35 S F Gaslight 3 37%
60 S V Water .....101 50
$10,000 U S 3 per cent bonds..... .107 87%
1 Union Trust Co. 1425 00 .
Ptreet—
50 Firemen's Fund Ins 220 00
$10,000 North Ry of Cal fi per cent bonds. ll3 75
SO Mutual Electric Light 16 75
$10 ono Market-st Cable 6 per cent br-nds..l2S 00
$2000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 102 12ft
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
5 S V Water 101 75
80 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 33 75
2' liana Plantation Co 16 25
100 Vißorlt Powder 2 75
Street—
100 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 S V Water 101 50
20 Alaska Packers' Association 110 00
15 Alaska Packers' Association..- 110 12H
40 Hana Plantation Co 16 37^4
15 Hutchlnsnn S P Co 33 75
$500 U S 3 per cent bonds 107 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In 'the Ban Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 18 1 150 Gould & Curry. 40
600 Best & Belcher 6«>| 150 Hale & Norcrs. 38
. 400 Best & Belcher 51 1 400 Mexican 62
2"0 rhollar 38; 550 Ophlr 99
M 0 "hollar 371 300 Potosl 26
60 Chollar - .. 39 1 900 Potosl 25
700 Con fal & V...1 K\ ion Savage 3<J
160 Con Cal & V...1 7') 50 Sierra Nev 120
300 Crown Point... 22 100 Union Con 50
100 Gould & Curry. 38 hM Yellow Jacket.. 29
100 Gould & Curry. 39 : 300 Yellow Jacket.. 30
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes 18 200 Overman 12
ion Belcher 23 100 Overman 13
100 Best & Belcher 57 200 Potosl 28 :
600 Best & Belcher 56; ICO Potosl 29 j
300 Caledonia 39 600 Savage 32
600 Con Cal & V...1 80' 100 Sierra Nev 1 35
400 Con Cal & V...1 85 700 Sierra Nev 1 40
200 Gould & Curry. 43 100 Standard 303
300 Halo & Norcrs. 40 100 Union Con 55 I
200 Justice 23i 800 Union Con 68
100 Justice 22 300 Union Con .. 5S
300 Mexican 69 100 Utah 23
600 Mexican 70 800 Yellow Jacket.. 33
200 Ophlr 1 10
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1200 Belcher 22 900 Mexican 62
700 Best & Belcher 60 *SOO Mexican 64
22i)0 Best & Belcher 52 400 Mexican 65
500 Bullion 06 1000 Ophlr 1 00.
200 Caledonia 38 1400 Ophlr 97 i
300 Caledonia 35 SOO Ophlr 98
1100 Chollar 38 400 Ophir 99
500 Chollar 39 500 Potosl 27
400 Chollar 40 200 Potosl 26
1100 Con Cal & V...1 651 800 Savage 31
400 Con Cal & V.I 67H1 300 Sierra Nev 1 25
8200 Con Cal & V...1 701 600 Sierra Nev...l 27tt
900 Con Cal & V.I 72V4 900 Sierra Nev 130
200 Con Cal & V...1 75i1200 Union Con 61
800 Crown Point... 23 300 Union Con 60
300 Crown Point... 22 1100 Union C0n...;.. 52
1100 Gould & Curry. 38 1 400 Union Con 53
1500 Oould & Curry. 39 700 Union C0n...... 54
400 Gould & Curry. 40 300 Utah 21
400 Hale & Norcrs. 3'J 800 Utah ........... 20
600 Hale & Norcrs. 40 600 Yellow Jacket.. 33
300 Justice 22 i 500 Yellow Jacket.. 32
600 Justice ....• 21 175 Yellow Jacket.. 31
1200 Mexican ....... 63 1
Afternoon, Session.
500 Andes 19 1 400 Mexican 71
300 Andes 21! 600 Mexican ....... 72
300 Belcher * 2.". 1400 Ophlr ; 105
100 Belcher 24 400 Ophlr 110
1100 Best & Belcher 66 400 Ophlr 1 12%
300 Best & Belcher GO 300 Ophlr 115
500 Best & Belcher 57 300 Ophir 120
400 Best & Belcher- 68 SCO Potosi 23
700 Chollar ......... 38 700 Savage ...; 32
15£0 Con Cal & V...1 731 700 Sierra Nev 1 35
150 Con Cal V.I 7714 300 Sierra Nev...l 37'^
100 Con Cal & V.I 82'/» 200 Sierra Nev 140
300 Con Cai & V...1 M 200 Sierra Nev...l 42V4
1300 Con Cal & V.I 87%j 800 Sl<-rm Nev/....l 45
300 Con Cal & V...1 so 300 Sierra Nev...l 47V4
600 Crown Point... to 400 Sierra, N>v 1 ,V)
800 Gould & Curry. 41 300 Standard .-. 3 10
300 Oould lie Curry. 42 MO Union Con "■"•
300 Gould & Curry. 4.1 300 Union Con 67
1600 Hale & Nnrcnt. 40 300 Union Con. B9
600 Hal« & Norca. 41 MO Union Con €1
200 Mexican .; H 500 Utah i*
1200 Mexican ....... 67 800 Yellow Jacknt.. 32
200 Mexican C 8 '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Kohruary 27 4 p. m.
km A-k II ' ' ■ HM.A»k.
Alpha Con — W Julia — 04
Alt.. II U j«»tlc#; 22 »
And/.* 19 2niK"fitO'k 11 M
i:. ! ■ ■- r 23 2(,1Af17 W*»h.... — M
Is«»nton Con 05 — Mexlran "♦ 7*
Ili>tt A, Melchw f.7 ■ •■' i'l""'al M, --
Bullion '-• W ''■■'■' .W« USA,?!
Caledonia ....;. H 41 '•■■ '■'""" }\ 13
Chotla. M V»\Vt,%w\.. » »
I-1...11.1.K.- Con. Zi — ]P*vt>gi> ■■■ »2 **>
Cnnnnmr* 75 ■■■■" ....... -; 'p
Con '..I Ik V...1 v. 2 v »« V,«\rh*T,... <*• W
Con Imperial... M f/3'HK-fra U*<t.....\ M 1 »
Crnwn c,!.,- M Zi\mivr UM...... — 25
Con New York. — Oi\Kyuft\rnt» ...... -r m
Ktirnka C0n,.., — *'i Ht*mlarrt -......* 2? --
Kxr.h-nw-r — *W Union C0n...... M 6
«50.iM * Curry. M ♦« r " lt ' ........... *5 f
jini- Ac Norcrw. 41 42 v»ii'.» Jarfc«t.. 23 34
■ ♦ .
Beware of "Flannelett«."
' We have received I .i:n[il'- of flannel
««tto from a oorrf:Hpond»;nt who thinks it
i.;,-. ■;, luspicloufl feel." and who wishes
to know whether It contains "any dele
teiioui matter prejudicial to health. ' We
have had the sample tested, and regret
to «ay that bin suspicions have been veri
fied on analyfilß. It is loaded with chlo
rldo of zinc, and If the materiaj were
worn next the skin without washing, the
consequences would probably be serious.
The effect of this adulteration Is shown
by the report on the Birmingham case
which has created so much attention.
Some' weeks have elapsed since over sixty
men employed in clearing away the snow
In the streets were Invalided in conse
quence of skin Irritation produced by the
chloride of zinc washed out from their
overcoats and overalls. What effect flan
nelette treated with the same chemical
would have upon the delicate skin of wo
men and children we leave to the Imagi
nation of the reader.— Ware
houseman and Draper. • . ■
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts" and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interoft to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the now Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. T*. S. N.. In charge.
• SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey— '
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thortiy of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 28.
rises -• 6:43
sets i.." .....'.'.;..^.. 6:03
irises 9:24 p. m.
Ft. |
Ft. I
H W
a ...
1 ...
I ...
3 ...
4 ...
5 ...
6 ...
1:01
1:31
2:05
■ 2:49
3:40
4:44
5:541
6.
5.
6.
I 5.
| 6.
| 7:15 0.9
| 8:00 0.6
I 8:56 0.5
10:00 0.3
11:08[ 0.1
I 12:14 0.0!
I 1:15 —0.3
0.
0.5
1:1
2:1
3:1
4:1
6:.
7:1
' 8:1
4.7
4.4
4.1
3.9
4.0
4.2
I 7:06
' 7:44
) 8:27
9:22
10:34
' 11:49
■
1.5
1.9
2.4
2.7
3.0
3.1
I I
|.....
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column, and the ' successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third t-ime column the third tide
and the last or -right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but ;
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights j
given are additions to the soundings on the I
t'nited States Coast Survey charts, except i
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height. J
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Weeott Coos Bay ....
National City. Grays Harbor j
'Gae1ic.......... China and Japan..:.....
Australia ' Honolulu
Fulton: ] Portland
Del Norte Grays Harbor
Chllkat Humboldt ..'._,
Crescent City, j Crescent City
Santa Rosa.... San Diego '..
Columbia '. [Portland .....'..
C. Nelson Puget Sound _..
Newburg Grays Harbor
Point Arena... j Point" Arena
Washtenaw.... I Tacoma |
Empire.:. Coos Bay
Coos Bay Newport ...."
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound
Curacao...'.:... Mexico
Pomona... Humboldt ' ..'..„
Samoa Humboldt ]
Mackinaw..... Tacoma
Areata Coos Bay' ,
Progreso -.. Seattle
Corona San Diego '.|
Willamette.....! Seattle
State of Cal... Portland
Orizaba... Newport |
Jiar.
Mar.
Mar.
Mar.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. I Pier.
City Para..|Panama :..... Feb. 28, 12 mJPMSS
Pomona ...'Humboldt Feb. 28, 2pm Pier 9
Weeott . Yaqulna Bay. Feb. 28. 10 am Pier 13
Orizaba Newport Mar. X, 9 am Pier 11
City Peking China & Japn Mar. 1. 1 pm PMSS
Aloha ...... I Point Arena.. Mar. 1. 3pm Pier 2
Umatilla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 2. 10 ami Pier 9
Newport ..[Alaska Mar. 2, 9am Pier ..
Chllkat ....[Humboldt Mar. 2, 2pm I Pier IS
Santa Rosa I San Die.go ; 'Mar. 3, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland: Mar. 4, 10 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Mar. 4. 3 pmiPler 3
Coos Bay,.. ■ Newport....... Mar. 5, 9 am Pier 11
Areata .:... Coos 8ay...... Mar. 6. 4 pm Pier 13
C. Nelson.. Puget -Sound.. Mar. 6.
Corona .:... San Diego:.... IMar. 7, 11 am Pier 11
State of Cal Portland JMar. 9, 10 am Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
ity. Para.,
Drh'ona ...I
'eeott ....
-l.oKa
-izaba I
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
February 27, 1599.
The time bail on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, it at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
*■ • Monday, February M-
Stmr Cleveland. KllUaard. 90 hours from
Se Btm 1 r' North Fork. Bash. 24 hours from Eu
re stmr Aloha. Jor&ensen. 11 hours from Point
*««% a s"gnaY b Bendesard, 70 hour, from Co-
! Ttmr Al^zar. Carlson. 44 hours from Coos
? Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. 22 hours from
E Stmr a 'Orizaba. Hall. 68 hours from Newport
(S Stm e r tC Czarina, Seaman, 94 hours from Ta-
Co^,tp Blntram, Larsen. 9 days from Taeoma.
'shlp a Gi a^y o &3 the Seas. Freeman. 6 days from
C S I h°p'Wm H Macy. Grath. 6 days from t>e-
Anderson. SV» days from Seattle.
' Schr Excelsior, ■ Burmeister, 13 days from
Sc'hr VohiiUeer. Bressem. 4 days from Grays
r Neptune. Estvold, 5 days from Grays
• Schr Edward • Parke. Johnson, 6 days from
Grays Harbor. ' ■ ....
Sclu- • Laura Madsen. Rasmussen. V& days
from Grays Harbor. .:
CLEARED. >-»
" Monday, 1 February 17. f
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Whaling stmr Wm Baylies, Buckler, whal-
Ins:; Wm Lewis.
Stmr Mlneola, David. Tacoma; P I Co.
BAILED. .
Monday, February 27.
Stmr Corona,- Debney, San Diego.
Htmr State of California. Goodall, Portland.
Stmr. Westport, Peterson.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
.Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Arcata. Masgenn. Coos Bay.
Bark Aureola. Mercer. "Wtliapa Harbor.
Haw bark Diamond Head, Ward. Honolulu
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen, Coquilie
River.
Schr Corinthian. Korth. Bowens Landing.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land-
Ing.
Schr Fannie Adele. Ristine. Grays Harbor
Schr Ocean Spray, . Nyman, Iverser.s Lard
ln<?.
Schr Nettle Low Low, Point Reyes.
' ; CHARTERS.
The Anamba and B B Law load wheat at
Portland for Europe, 338.
SPOKRN.
Per stmr Czarina— On Feb 25. In lat 44 x
long 122 23 W, sealing schooner Mermaid with
720 sealskins; yished to be reported all well
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 27, 10 p m—UVathr
cloudy; wind SW; velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed Feb 27— Stmr C v .as v.i
noil, from Seattle for San Francisco: iir baric
'.'.•• Lothian, from Nagasaki; stmr Mackimw
hence Feb 23 for Tacoma. '. •
PORT ANGELES-Cleared Feb 27— Bark 5,,
King for Cnemalnus. i
CKAYS HARBOR-Sailed Feb 2fi— S; - n ft!
Korta for San Francisco.
Arrival Feb 26— Schr John F Miller froii
Tl»<h>n4o: schr Reporter from Redone}) F,.b-
Chan E Calk, hence Feb 18. " * !
A HTORlA— Arrived Fob 27-Br bark Britii' "
: Prince**, from Newcastle, NSW
Pulled Feb Stmr Fulton, for San Fra--.
Chtco; Btmr Columbia, for San Francisco
SAN PEDRO-Arrived Feb 27-Stmr Alcazar
from Port Los Angeles.
HAN DlEGO— Arrived Feb 27— ship Pity cf
Madras, from Cardiff. p ly ct
SEATTLE— SaiIed Fob 25— Schr J S Rugs for
, San Francisco:
Arrived Feb Stmr Golden Gat». from
Alaska.
PORT GAMBLE— Feb 27_s c }, r W
Rent.m, hence Feb 35; schr Azalea, from "s an
Diego.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb Btmr South Coast
hence Feb 25; schr' Alice, from San Pedro '
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Fob 27-Stmr
I Alcazar, for .
FORT BRA Arrived Feb ?7-Pt:rr S«
quoia, hence Feb 28.
PORT TOWXSEND- Sailed Feb 17-Scnr Aza
lea ■ for Port ■ Gamble; so.hr Ma-x^m? for
Seattle; schr Eric for Tlenstin; sii,r Ma-w
Buhne for .
■> Arrived Feb Schr Maweema from. Sin'a
Rosalia. Feb 26 — Schr Lena Bweasey, her.c<i
Feb 14 for Seattle: schr Marion from San
Pedro for Seattle.
In bay Feb Schr Mary*Buhn», from Ta
coma for San Francisco. . , IWlia
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— Feb 24— Br ghln
Lismore, hence Sept 25.
Sailed Feb 24— ship Lismore for Btrken-
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 24— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
ESMERALDA- Arrived Jan Sohr Una.
hence Dec 18.
NANAlMO— Arrived Feb 26— Haw Btmr Sa.a
Mateo. from Port Los Angeles.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Feb 22— Schr Ina. for New
castle, NSW.
NEWCASTLE— SaiIed Feb 25— Schr W H Tal
bot, for Honolulu. • ' . • .
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fcg^ * • Steamers leave Broadway
Vgjjsaj-^ wharf, San Francisco:
raSrstS&lk or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
I fHPvWSSfek Feb. 5. 10. 15, 20. 25; Mar. 2;
' E3&.lBMf\££l change at Seattle.
fiPl»?2«jSll For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
EM6I&&V23A c ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^HH Tacoma, Everett. Anacorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash).
10 a. m.. Feb. 5. 10. 15. 20. 28;
Mai- « and every fifth day thereafter; chang*
th F^r a "ilnta Crux Monterey. San Simeon.
I EffTino eve^y jhegafl^ '
F d° r (la a n n SSFhSSt^ BarK |ort
nf^eT 1 ! 9 7 and n Ke il° n nd 9?i d 9? c . 9> 3. U an & d
every fourth day thereafter.
fZ EnseSadaf Magdalena Bay. San Jom » «el
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata.La Paz. Santa Rosalia
andOuaymas (Mex.). 10a. m.. Feb. 11. Mar. 9.
A For € further information obtain folder. ._'
The company reserves the right to Chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
TICKET Of OFFTOB-4 New Montgomery
•'GOODALrVERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agt...
"^^ * io Market st- San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf .at 10 a. m.
CADC SI 2 First Class Including Berths
rAnt $8 Second Clas« and Meals.
Columbia sails Feb. 12. 22; March 4. 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7. IT. «,
I M Short 9 Ilne to Walla Walla. Spokane . Botta.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
' Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
• . 630 Market street.
QOODALL. PERKINS & OO^^ |
Gompagnle Generate Transatlantlque.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS prTl^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <f^7 T&
iat 10 a. m. from Pier 43, North ■ «!"■
! River, foot of Morton street. „
LA NORMANDIE. VTJ^oT ,f
LA CHAMPAGNE March U
LA BRETAGNE March IS
LA TOURIXE I^si t
L Fir N ;t Oß la^^ Dl |aVre."^-an^upward.T l ie}
cent reduction on round trip Secflnd-clas. to
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J F. FUGAZI& CO.. Pacific Coast AgenU.
5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco. ,
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p.m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe ""go), Nagasaki and Shanghai, ar i
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India etc 8 No cargo received on board on day
HONGKONG MARU........ -^Friday. March 17
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 1J
rifTrorVA MARU Saturday. May »
A RoJnd^rlp^fc U at reduced rate,. For
freight and passage apply at company ■ office,
421 Market
j 421 Market
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK SOUTHAMPTON, LOSDOW, PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul.. ..February 23] St. Paul w^,h H^
6t LouU.. .;.... March I 1 St. Louis March «*(
. RED STAR LINE,
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. II noon.
Kensington.... 15 Southwark ...... March 1
Noordland Feb'y 22 Westernland.. March IS
Frlesland March 1 Kensington... .March a
EMPIRE LINE. ,
Seattle, St. Michael. Damson Cltr.
For f ull- ln/ormatlon regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
80 Montgomery St.. ' Ny of Its agencies
/manctSßA s. s. Australia .
j^^f3E»ifiC sails for Honolulu
IlrX>*is*E* a * Wednesday, ilarch 8,
go _s2f ftS^ ■ at 2 p. m.
PH^MMIiI The S. AUSTRALIA.
nEfIHIE sails for Honolulu
• P»MMW Wednesday. March 8,
M ■ at 2 p. m.
S^ltf/tf-^/imSniDtJ sails via Honolulu and
QAWIIUIII|/ Auckland for Sydney
Y*s£S*^ ■ /ofllßJlt/H* Wednesday. March 22.
v \jffntiw*% it 1(> p m
Line to-COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN South Africa. •
J DSPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
. -114 Montgomery street.
' Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW CHERBOURG (PARIS)— HAM-
- BURG. -
For sailings, etc.. apply to • HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Agts. Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
118 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVER ST ft TrHTRS.
FOR H. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO..
Steamer "Monticello."- ,^
Men.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:43 a.
m., 8:16, 8:30 p. m..(ex. Thurs. night); Friday*
1 p. m and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. in.
Landing and office. Mls«lon-«t. Dock. Pier Na.
*S. . Telephone. Main 1608. -
FAKE :....'...".....■..............»••«•••••••■SEEK MONEY
TO OUST THE
LIEUTENANT
ptuce Distasteful to
Highbinders.
J4| STOPS THEIR FIGHTING
PARTICIPANTS OF THE LAST
FIGHT TO GO TO CHINA.
I-lerchants, Disg-usted at a Murder
Over a Paltry Sum of Money,
Will Drive the Guilty Ones
From the Country.
of trouble are rife In Chl
: i the police are keeping a sharp
iit r'or a mix-up between the numer
ous ti'iigs, the knowing ones among the
iy that as long as Lieutenant
is kept In the district there will be
shooting. The highbinders
him and it is generally known, and
t • n port was circulated among the mer-
chants last night that the bad men of the
Yups and See Yups are seeking to
1 aye the plucky officer removed. There
is a general desire to fight, but while Price
Ins among them the hatchetmen will
Le very careful in ail of their actions.
"i-Jeutenat Plice alle samee likee tiger j
 to highbinder," said a prominent Sam
° Yup las night, and then he went on to
•„" Bay ..'that, fearing the lieutenant as the
1 • „ highbinders go, it is the general desire to
have-- him taken from Chinatown. The
,:6afae Informant stated that the different ;■
-°. . ings .were trying to secure money which
■ , ls.'-to' "be- expended to that end. A promi
' i --in lawyer is to be retained, and through ;
I 'him:* an effort will be made to either re- :
. inov.e Lieutenant Price from the force or
;■ liavq.-his district changed. The good work j
•!: tlon^'by the lieutenant in that portion of j
' ■'the city will probably prevent any such
:■ • eue-jnpt of the Chinamen being success
-• iui:.-.. • ,
. ". . -The'-merchants. who are all for peace
". .-and "order, rejoice at the fact that Price j
'„■ . has;b°een detailed in the Chinese quarter, '
--. . irnd. are unanimous in the assertion that if 1
he ! w*>j t e taken away there would be more
• fighting than at present.
. • •The tact that the Suey Sing-Suey Din '.
• vu-'.was waged in Marysville instead of
■•-. In' this city, where it originated, is at- ;
" /. trfbuted to the fact that, the members of
. ■• the tongs feared the wrath of the lieu- j
i: tenant. c- .
*• . ;THr- Sam Tups held a meeting Sunday,
'..- »nd .although they at first refused to pros- :
.;■■ epute Way Yun Hung, the alleged mur- !
.- ' S-ere.r.of Pen Hung, who was killed last |
. Saturday night, it is said they now have ;
pot only decided to prosecute him, but
".-■.fere- very angry at the two tongs which
• • ■ %k part -in the fight. The entire trou- '
-.•; We. started over a bill of $4, and the mer- j
.-' • ■•Hants are fo angry at the fact that a
-. jfnur'der was done over so trivial a cause
•".•'that an attempt will be made by them to j
■ .f.ei-.d'back to China all of those directly \
, :. and. indirectly implicated in the affair. It
;-. - Js. stated that the Bing On men had sent
:• ; -the money demanded by the Si On Sears j
-.- : to the rooms of the latter the night of the j
: • ,"\ shooting. The time set for its payment >
• :-was B. o'clock, and when it did not come
" i •Jhe -fighting men were sent out to look |
'•for' .the Bing On men. Chinamen who
. . should know say that barely live minutes i
,'j .■ had' elapsed after the departure of the
;.• ' 'men. with guns when the messenger from ;
■ -fhe-Bing Oil's arrived with the money.
'• There is considerable doubt among the |
. .; 'Chinamen as to whether Way Yun Hung,
■' . „ c"h£T&ed with the murder of Pon Hung, j
•■" or- Chan Si Wing, as some give his name, j
.' ,. "fired the fatal shot. The murderer, it is
stated, escaped into the Globe Hotel, a
few doors below the scene- of the shoot-
Ing. There were six men in the war par
ty, three on each side, and all of these
.•• have been accounted for. They are the
dead "man, the one under arrest, the one
who entered the Globe Hotel, two who
escaped Into St. Louis alley, and another
who- was seen by a white man entering a
lodging house on Jackson street near
Kearny. The latter carried a gun up the
pleeve of his right arm, the barrel resting
. •"' Hi the palm of his hand.
'Lieutenant Price is of the opinion that
• he has the murderer under arrest and
jiopes to be able to convict him. Way
•>< Yun Hung stated at first that he did not
" ' own the pistol which he was seen to j
"" - thro-w away, which may go against him. i
; - With the wounds in his hands it is very
Ji rioubtful if he could have fired a pistol.
A There was but one exploded cartridge in ]
■ ]is gun, and as it is said by witnesses
' tliat Pon Hung was the one who fired the
. ;.'' f hot, "it seems impossible that Way could i
have killed the Si On Sear man. Judge
V rral has been retained for the defense
• '•. cl the prisoner.
YOUNG ARMY OFFICTEBS.
First Detachment of West Point
Graduates Arrived.
The first detachment of the newly
. army officers from West Point ar
.tiYed in the city last night. They are on
'• :.; -ir way to join the different regiments
at; Manila to which they have "been ac
■!. These young officers graduated
on' February 15, and were ordered to re
jiort here without delay. Seventeen have
been ordered here to take passage on the
Transport, which may sail this week.
They have the rank of second lieutenants.
At the Palace is A. N. McClure of Ken
tucky and at the Occidental are James
:e, of Washington, D. C. ; R. B. Cal
vert, of Indiana; James Hanson, of North
Dakota; W. T. Merry, of New York; C.
Ji. riark, of Boston, Mass., and C. M.
Bundell of Pennsylvania.
Must Continue His Search.
Dr. A. A. Allison, one of Mrs. Grace
Allison's matrimonial dupes from Temple,
Texas, will have to continue his search
for the diamonds which he gave her. Yes
terday Judge Mogan was informed by two
ladies that they had pawned the diamond
rinKS and watch which the doctor claimed
■wttn M J. Franklin, pawnbroker. Grant
avenue, and the Judge returned the arti
-*\ cles to Franklin.
GRAPE-NTJTS.
\ GROCERS --- 2
• f
• can now secure
• 2
: Grape- Nuts |
• More regularly of their •
2 Jobbers.
# The factory has quadrupled
Q its capacity.
A FAMOUS FOOD.
People Becoming Better Judges of
Food.
: The demand for Grape-Xuts has been
Fuch that the large wholesale houses
: have been unable to obtain more than
3 XI to 160 cases in every thousand re-
quired during the past two months al-
though the factory at Battle Creek,
MJ.ch., has been run full twenty-four
. . Jhours a day for several months past.
' ■ rj'hey report the completion of new ma-
■^•im-ry which Increases the output
irf6ld, and will from now on under-
take to keep Jobbers stocked.
Grape-Nats have made a great hit as
the food appeals to palate, etomach
,and reasoo
GOT UP BEFORE SUNRISE TO
SECURE TICKETS FOR MELBA
Twenty-Five Thou
sand Dollars' Worth
Sold Yesterday.
PLAN OF THE NEW GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
The gTand opera season ticket sale of
the Ellis Opera Company opened yester
day with the largest demand for seats
ever known In San Francisco. At sunrise
a long line of buyers stretched down
Kearny street from the doors of Sherman,
Clay & Co.. and by 11 o"clock all of the
palco boxes of the remodeled Grand
Opera House, at $350 apiece, were sold, and
by night nearly $25,000 worth of tickets
Bain May Come.
Professor Hammon of the Weather Bu
reau says that the prospects for rain are
better now than at any time within a
month. A storm is raging on the North
ern coast and the probahilities are that it
will reach as far south as San Francisco.
A Ptnrm of considerable energy Is raging
In Montana and moving southeast. In its
WAR OF THE TONGUES
IN A JUSTICE COURT
THERE was confusion worse con-
founded of tongues in Justice Groez
fnger's court yesterday afternoon. In
terpreter after interpreter tried his
vocal chords to a fiddle string tension in
an effort to turn an American idea into
Japanese words, then all but splintered
his larynx twisting thoughts out of the
lacquered lingo of the Mikado into the
| picturesque phraseology of a San Fran
cisco temple of justice.
The courtroom was full of small brown
Japs, who were anxious to buck and tackle
! the syntax of the Anglo-Saxon, but who
went down before a rush of battering
English sentences. At one time Judge
! Groezinger lost himself in the mixing of
I the tongues, and three Japanese int'erpre
! ters got at one of their countrymen triced
i up in the witness box. In five questions
I they had him reduced to a state of hope
less imbecility, and in two more queries
they were unable to understand each
j other. An attorney, after complaining
bitterly of the inability of the Japs to
i handle the English language, asked the
following question:
"Who done all the talking?
The answer came back through the In
terpreter, "I done It."
The next query was of the sam,- gram
matical order:
"Was the two officers there lnr that
r °One witness, an ambitious student of
occidental languages, refused to be ques
tioned In his native tongife, and his Eng
lish answers were often off the track.
"it was in the hearing of the case of
Toda the Japanese procurer, slave owner
and 'dlvekeeper from Brooklyn alley,
charged with keeping Chiyo, a minor girl,
in a house of ill fame. Miss Nia Koku
Chivo— her full name— was born in the
eleventh month of the fifteenth year of
the present ruler of her country, which,
by the ancient method of computing time
in Japan, makes her over IS. If Toda
could work his native Nippon calendar
over on this side of the Pacific he would
clear himself of the charge, but the Cau
casian almanac makes her 17. years 2
months old, and him a law-breaker.
The girl on the stand, with the assist
ance of on© white and three Jap Interpre- j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1899.
had been disposed of. When the season
opens. March 13, the great auditorium of
the Mission-street palace of music will
be filled to its ytmost capacity.
The following are the holders of the
palco boxes for the season:
Mrs. W. H. Crocker, Mayor James D. Phelan,
TV F Herrin K. W. Hopkins, C. Frederick
Kohl, M. H. Hecht, Leon Sloss, Bert Hecht,
Mr= Elonore Martin, Alfred Bouvler, I. \V.
Hellman Jr., Mrs. J. Cunningham, J. Dow
! passage eastward It has caused rain
in Washington and Oregon. Partly cloudy
weather extends south along the coast as
far as San Francisco and light showers
i have already occurred as far south as
: Cape Mendocino.
Ladies' tailor-made Bults, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, rooms 6-7.
#-»-<*>-♦- <S> -+- <S> -♦- <S> -•- <8> -♦- <$►-♦-<&-♦-•
ters, testified that she left Japan with
Toda for Saji Francisco via Victoria, be
lieving that she was to he employed as
saleslady in his handkerchief store, and
on arriving here learned that she was de
signed for other purposes. She was
forced to dress aa a Chinese girl and en
tertain visitors of that nationality. Toda
beat her and kept her prisoner in his den
till she was rescued by Officer Kane of
the Society foi the Suppression of Vice.
]f Miss Chiyo was deceived by her coun
tryman Toda it was shown that she ia
turn deceived the United States Govern
ment by coining to these shores with an
other name on her passport. This over
sight is, however, due to the cleverness of
Toda.
At the request of Attorney Thomas D.
Riordan, Court Interpreter Charles Gef
feney, who is the brother of Deupty Im
migration Commissioner Geffeney, was ex
cused frcm that duty on the ground that
the girl knew him and was afraid to an
swer his questions.
The change was for the better, notwith
standing a Japanese was substituted. Fi
nally the court in desperation called a
truce to the war of the tongues and ad
journed till 2 o'clock this afternoon.
ney Harvey, Mrs. Lewis Gerstle, Mr.
Swartz, John Caffery. Mrs. J. and W. P. Ful
ler. Those who have already taken proscenium,
boxes for the season are Mrs. W. G. Irwln,
Mrs. A. Howard, Ernest F. Guttschow and
Walter Morosco.
Among- those who have purchased tickets for
the entire season are C. L. Asher, W. Boyle,
E A Bresse, C. B. Brlgham, Mrs. I. 8.
Belcher, D. B. Bagley, G. W. Beaver, TV. H.
Broner, J. Barth, J. E. Birmingham, B. F.
Brisac W. B. Bradford, Dr. Buckley. B. I>.
Coleman, Charles Carpy, C. M. Champion, Mrs.
W. H. Crocker, M. Casey, H. J. Crocker, Emily
Chabot. Mrs. James Dunn, E. R. Dimond, W.
A. Daggett, Colonel J. E. Doolittle, W. S.
Davis R. J. Davis, W. A. Dobble, A. J. Dib
ble, S. H. Earle, C. E. Ehrman, Alfred I.
Esbrog, O. G. Greenwold, M. A. Gunst, S.
Greenbaum, I. W. Hellman Jr., Louis Haas, H.
L. Hill, Mrs. A. Hecht. J. Hyman, R. M.
Hotallng. Mrs. M. Irwln, W. J. Jones. Mrs. E.
Joseph, A. Jennings, Joseph M. Kelly, George
Kavanaugh, George Knight, Edward Marshuts,
Mrs. J. Mcc, Lewis Metzger, A. D. E. Miles,
Judge Myriek, J. K. Moffatt, L. Michaels, G.
T. Marye. E. Mills. C. M. Mann, S. B. McNear,
E. J. McCutcheon, Mrs. Neustadter, Edward
Purser, S. W. Rosenstock, A. Roos. Max
Pivabacher, S. E. Schellene, Henry J. Stewart,
Herman Shainwalrt, H. M. St. Gore, Frank
Stevenson, I. Stras6berger, Captain Taylor, R.
M. Tnbin, B. Tisilale, W. rrisesne, L. P. Well,
A. Van Bernaelln, C. J. Wetmore, W. 3.
Whlttler.
The sale of single Beats will commence
Monday, March 6, and the prices will be
from $2 to $5, according- to location.
The repertoire for the first week of the
opera season will be as follows: Monday
night, March 13, "Faust"; Tuesday night,
March 14, "Carmen" or "Aida"' Wednes
day, March 15, "La Boheme"; Thursday,
March 16, "Alda" or "Carmen"; Friday,
March 17. double bills, "Cavallerla Rus
tleana" and "Pngliacci"; Saturady mat
inee, March 18, "Barber of Seville." The
complete casts for these operas will be
duly announced.
MONDAY NOT
AND NO NEW
PLAYS GIVEN
Nance O'Neil Again in
"Magda."
STILL TOO MUCH RANKIN
A PLEASING SKETCH AT THE
ORPHEUM.
"Faust" Has Been Selected for the
Opening of the Ellis Grand
. Opera Season Mon- .
, j ; day Week.
The one play In Nance O'Nell's reper
tory that she has not already presented
to us is "East Lynne" — or rather as she
describes it, the "New East Lynne" —
which will be played to-night. By all
the cannons, swords arid pistols of
theatrical enterprise this Is the piece
that should have opened the engage
ment In the California Theater last
night. There was nothing new at the
other playhouses, and why Miss O'Neil,
who was commencing another return
engagement, should have elected to- ap
pear in "Magda," a play that she was
seen in no longer ag-o than last Christ
mas week, is something that can be ex
plained only by that young actress her
self. At that time Miss O'Neil's per
formance of the title part was more or
less extensively discussed, and little
that is new may be said of It now. It
is one of her best achievements, but
like everything else that Miss O'Neil
does, It Is glaringly uneven in both
conception and execution. Just as you
are settling comfortably in the belief
that here is a new Magda, one that
thrilllngly emphasizes the big brutal
Office: S. W. Cor. Post and Powell Streets, Telephone:
Opposite Union Square. . Main 5713.
Pierce- Rodolph
Responsible Firm. £+ i " sy
Low Rates. LCJ I d/Tw vOf
Storage, Moving,
Packing, Shipping.
Fireproof Warehouses. Covered Vans.
Lowest Rates— Packing and Shipping:.
(SS^fiP DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOH \ gmiii i mg « "a no ? -^»«,«»
y^ißg Five hundred reward for any Ol^'spe^m^rT^
Saaß^ we cannot cure This score: remed, MK^^t^% .WWt«; nVa.t.rif dft
i__- __l Bt0I J" .*" lo8 i se „♦-«?. w!?- 011^" JK6Woi«7«»»«^ ■ charges, or any inflatnma-
■o ■■ Emissions, lmpotency. Varlcooele. J%Cw no itrUture. m tion. irritation or ulcera-
fffl Jvffll Gonorrhoea, Gleet Fits. Strictures, BL-f Prewau eonujloa. tion of mucous n.era-
Wh llitt, Lost Manhood and all wasting : ef- fca-i.upCv.y^puruipii Pn branes. Non-astringent.
mum Cects of self -abuse or excesses. Seat : ■••■JHEtVANS UHEIIICHbO. *o- -^ »r __J *_
.IPSWJBfg sealed.s2 bottle; 3 bottlea.Js; guar- WM,CINCINNXTI,O .S&SS , **»" B «» i » to '
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN- Wk^M 9 r 131 ia P laln wrapper
BTITXJTS 166 Broadway. Oakland. CaJ. Alm .^■^^J ' .^TM i > , y ~ elpn? , ci L pT ? v&l< L to *
. _ -. .- ■ -*- . i.
note of the character, she introduces a
motley of Rankinisms that annihilates
the life-likeness of the portrait.
There are times when she gives a
really vital identity to the central figure
in this absorbing domestic tragedy, but
there are others, many others, when her
work is nothing better than husky
melodrama, when the fine irony and
bitterness of Magda's lines are given
with the fake emotional voice and the
overdone facialism, so that, on the
whole, it is a very difficult matter to
consider the performance with serious
ness and justice. And at the same time
you feel an admiration for the good
workmanship that is displayed, even as
you resent the false schooling and hasty
temperament that keep it from being
all good workmanship. She has the
material and the mind— you feel that—
and a certain amount of rough but ef
fective technique; but she lacks in that
quality of generalship which is essential
to a well proportioned characterisation.
She bolls to a fever at the slightest'
provocation, and indulges in all those
old cant tricks of playacting of which
her tutor is such a past master.
Miss O'Neil is no longer an Infant;
and certainly after this much practical
work the assurance that she may some
day be a great actress can be of no
more immediate satisfaction to her
than it is to us. The female player
has fewer years in which to attain au
thoritative art than has the male. The
player's life is brief enough at best, but
Time is doubly swift and cruel to the
women of the stage. It is with them,
so to spea.k, now or never. Miss
O'Neil is a big, strenuous, interesting
personality, who ought to be a big
artist. Sfce has improved not at all
since her first season at the Columbia;
and with her present environment it is
not likely that she will improve. With
all respect for her tutor, who is an ad
mirable man in his own life of busi
ness, I think that the principle obstacle
is too much Rankin.
Miss O'Neil will play In "EastLynne
to-nig-ht and Sunday night, "Ingomar"
Wednesday night, "The Jewess Fri
day night and "Camille" at the Satur
day matinee. On Saturday night the
bill will be "Oliver Twist," in which
play both Miss O'Neil and Mr. Rankin
are at their melodramatic best.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Columbia.
The last performance of "The Sign of
the Cross" will be given at the Columbia
Theater on Saturday night. The attrac
tion to follow next Monday evening is
Blanche Walsh and Melbourne Mac-
Dowell In Fanny Davenport's production
of Sardou's "La Tosca." Miss Walsh
will have the title role of the play, as
Scarpla. Mr. MacDowell will be seen In
a character for which he is admirably
fitted and in which he has already
achieved success.
Orpheum.
There are three new turns at the Or
pheum this week, and each In its kind is
good. Cora Tanner and Louis Massen,
players of legitimate reputation, appear
in a bright if not very ambitious sketch
entitled "My Husband's Model." The
scene is a studio where comes the wife,
thinking her husband is there under an
assumed name, and that he is pretending
to be an artist. She exchanges her streei
g-arment for others more spectacular and
greets him as the painter who occupies
the studio. He takes her to be his
■ friend's model and pretends to be the
! painter, and all works humorously In her
favor until he sees that she knows him.
whereupon he promptly says that he has
put up the whole scheme himself and
come there just to trap her. Then fol
lows the usual humorous reconciliation.
Miss Tanner and Mr. Massen are equal to
a much severer histrionic strain than this
plot calls for, and they make easy, affable
work of the "little piece. The other new
people are the four Eddys, who do a hair
raising tumbling act in which the two
women do most of the dangerous work,
and the Hulines, a pair of old-fashioned
but first-rate musical clowns.
New Comedy.
John li. Sullivan and his variety show
will do good business all of this week at
the Comedy. The next attraction is Miss
Janet Waldorf, a young Shakespearean
actress who has been making a name for
herself throughout the coast.
Alcazar.
"The Girl I Left Behind Me" promises
another big week at the Alcazar, where
it is receiving a creditable production.
The piece to follow is a farce called "A
Man With a Paat£
Tivoli.
At the Tivoli last night "Madeleine, or
the Magic Kiss," entered its third and
final week. It will give way to a pro
duction of Offenbach's, "La Belle He
lene " The same comic opera has re
cently been revived in New York with
notable success.
Chutes.
To-night the sailor boys of the lowa
will attend the Chutes In a body. The
new programme in the Free Theater is
rich with novelty and new animals have
been added to the Zoo.
Sousa Concerts.
The five concerts to be given by Sousa
and his band at the Alhambra Theater,
beginning with next Friday, night, promise
to be widely attended. There are to be
three evening and two matinee perform
ances and the advance demand for seats
Indicates a strong desire on the part of
the local music-loving public. Maud
Reese Davies, soprano, and Dorothy
Hoyle. a violinist, are two of the several
soloists with the band. Seats are now on
sale at Sherman & Clay's.
Steeplechase.
Extra attractions at the Steeplechase at
Central Park for this we«k are Vosmer,
! the aeronaut, who will make ascensions
at night: the London Punchinello marion
ettes and a new series of animatoscope
views.
Olympia.
The Olympia has a pleasing bill, with
Shermar and Morrlssey, old-time comedy
acrobats, the "One Lynwood," European
contortionist, and Querita Vincent, the
dancer, as leading features. These togeth
er with the best of last week's people
make up on Interesting bill.
The Ellis opera season commences two
weeks from last night. It has been.de
cided to open with that good old opener,
"Faust."
In 1900 Iceland will celebrate the nine
hundredth anniversary of the introduction
of Christianity into the island.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
imvXtw/ /__^f%sh£!^__\ vBHRH
K'j'i 7/ /iflHs) ___). WS
■90/ /_SHb___^?___SHa\ \_S
It gains your favor instan-
taneously by reason of its
high merits and. holds it
with a firm grip.
\kL.BiATz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S. A.
Louis Cahen & Son, "Wholesale
; Dealers, 416-4 Sacramento Street,
! San Francisco.
— — _ — ________________ — — — — _ — — —
A Single Spark Left
Is the means of re-kindling a flre. So long as j
there Is life there Is hope. Nothing seems half
as bad as NERVOUS DEBILITY, whether i
caused by mental utraln, over-work, over-worry i
• or in any hnetlon^ _ AST<
The terrible train of symptoms are only too well
known: flushes and chills-, tired brain and back, ;
sour temper, insomnia, languor, stomach and
bowel trouble, failing strength, etc., sometimes i
ending in mania or paralysis, and even in these j
conditions there Is certain recovery if the nerve-
spark be re-kindled, toned and invigorated.
perfegtoTtlblets
PERFEGTO TABLETS
Tone up the system, give prompt relief to insom-
nia and failing memory, repair the waste and
drain of vital powers incurred by indiscretion or j
excesses, bring back vigor and potency to every
function, ward off Insanity and consumption.
MAKE PERFECT MEN AMD WOMEN
One 60 Cents • 6 Boxes at 82. 50, a ■
Box Renews Guaranteed Core, or
Vital Energy. Money Refunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building. Chicago. 111. j
Bold by Owl Drug: Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
v^^J^vL/ WHEN YOU
1 /dj^^^l^Sk Require an ELEC-
-BS_~^/ I-__3_f trie: BELT get "Dr.
I Pierces" and you will
*" /rS_~2Eser'~^s not be disappointed.
Z\JSz-~ Call or address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 620
I Mark**. tt. (opp. Pilaes Hots), S. F.
Q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
JjL Museum of Anatomy
fli|ri\ ' 10Bl_ABK_TST.l9t.6__7_, C. F. C*L
, a , S m The Larg«§tof Us kind in the World.
i i^^L\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
R.tt*^H «*. Coo.ultmtJon «re«. Ifrlw Tor Book
Wf VPhlSwphy^ W Marriage.
— C I mailed fucc.
y^^V • Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JT, ,— J&% 625 KF.ARM ST. Established
S^Fir^iCh In I*^4 for the treatment of Private ,
Et i X SB Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or j
HUBtfß&.liwafle wearing ou body and mind and i
r_UkBnQB ski " Diseases. I'he doctor cureswhen
JT!_mMW_D__l others fall. Try him. Charges low
Ttffuffiiiffirffal rnrMganrimlpfd. Callorwrite.
i 3>r. J. &'• uIBBONi Box 1937. San Francisco.
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
A Superb Train
Jftflßtfj^ EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
5j221|13 VIA THE
-^^UnioD Pacific,
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE. .
BUFFET BMOKINO AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
" ONLY 3% DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at • p. _.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco. .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. .
' WEEK DAYS— •7:2O.*9:3Oi 11:00 a. m.; •1:45,
• :45. 6:15. *6:00. 6:30 p. m. _
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
' days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
' SUNDAYS— *S:OO. n0:0O. '11:30 a., m.; *1:15.
i 8:00. '4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to .San Q u «\" n Vr™arv%
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. "6:35. 7:45. *9:30 a. m.;
i *12:2O, 2:20. <3:45. 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA ' TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
I and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. _
SUNDAYS-6:20, •8:00. •10:00, "11:55 a. m.,
'■ •1-15 *3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m. _ -.«--
i • Trains marked • starts from SanQuenMn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
1 WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m- .
12-35 245 3:50. 5:20 p. m.'
EXTRA! TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
*IS<S® X SxSZ&.™&?*-1 12:06. 1:20. 3:20,
.-.00. 6:20 p. ROUGH TRAINg .  /; , .
' 7:10 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way ;ta as,
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
: 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way sta" a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899. trains will run as follows;
South-bound. * ' : bound. i
Passcn- Mixed. Mixed. Passer*.
get Sunday Buttons. Sunday rer.
Daily. Ex«'ptd . Exc'ptd Dally.
' 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:46 pm 6:00 pm
»:10am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:80 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am| l:4o pm
2:26 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 ara
11:59 am 6:25 pm' Vlsalia 6:40 am 1:22 pro
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:06 pro,
' Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager* Office. J2l Market
«_ro_ L San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via SauaaMo —erry.)
Leave San Francisco, commend-* Sunday,
Sept. 11. 1898: -: .; - , • ■ V^w S v --
Week Days— a- m.. 1:« p. m.- .
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, ll:S0 a. m.. 1:15 9. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. II. ;
- THOS. ■ COOK _ SON, -finta, Ml ■. l(«rfeM
I ptrtet. Baa FruclK?. -^--- ~*
AUCTION SALES.
— , — : : ■
.£* AUCTION SALE -&»
OF
Thoroughbreds in Training
. . COMPRISING
GOAL • runner. AL, THE wooer, mon-
tallade. FIRST call, DON'T" skip me,
DARE 11, prince blazes AND the
RECORD BREAKER, DUNOIS,
ON
SATURDAY. ". March 4, 1599
At 12 m., at :vV;"-f
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Catalogues now ready.
Horses can be seen at track.
CHASE & MENDENHALL,
Successors to
KILLIP & CO., Live Stock Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
IODTIIIUtn CIVIC COMf ANT.
(PAOirio SYSTEM.)
Train iei»T* »»•••• »re due *• arrive ■* ■
. SAN FBANt'WtO,
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
t«ATX . — Froh Deo. 18. 1898. — Aftiirn i
•8:OO* Miles, San Jose and War Stations... *»tisl
7:OO Benlcia, Sulsun and Sacramento.... B:43jp
7 tUO A Marysrille, OreTilleand Redding tI»
Woodland 5:4»p
7i«O a. Elmira, VacarlUe and Bnmsey Bi43p
7:3U a Martinez, San lUmoo, Vollejo. Napa,
. • OalUtoga and 8mi»« Rosa Bilßf
J 8:OOa Atlantic Express. Oiden and Kasi.. Silßr
BiSOa Bau Jose, liTermore, Mtockkon,
lone, Sacramento, Plsoerrtlle,
Marysrlllr. Chlco, lte.l Ulult «ilsr
BtSOA •Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown...* *tlar
•iOOa. Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Meroed and Freeno __il»»
•iOOa Fresno, Hakeritielil. "Siwila Iturharo,
Los Antelea, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and Ea5t............ S'l"*
I OiOO a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7i*3*
lUiOOm Kilts, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Haaford. VUalla,
Port*— Ule - jhl»»
•HOOr Baoramento Utter Steamers *****
4>OUr Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, -
Kapa, Callstnga. Santa ../... OilOA
4iO«p E«u!ois», VaoaTille; Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
MarysTille, 0.-o»lllo 10:4Ba
4i3orNlles, San Jose and Stockton 7:f3r
s:OOpSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfleld. Los
Angeles 8:43*.
S:8Op Stockton, Merced, Fre«no 13tslS»
*iBOr Martinez, Tnaj, i}«n Jota, Fresno,
Mdjare, Banta Barbara and Jk>s
Angeles « •««*
|5:OOP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louie, Chicago and East 50: 45 A
•iß9p (Santa Fe Route. Atlanilc luiraa
forMoJa»e ami VmA Ot4fir
OiOOr Karopemt Mfitl, Ogilnu and ICaat.... U:4si
B«»Op Haywarda, Nile* and San Jose _*$5 A
: *«iO»p Vaflejp 12ilSp
i t7iOOp VaUeJo, Port OosU and Way Sta-
tions J9:43P
■iVOp Orefou Haorameiitd. Marys.
»ill«. nertillnj, I'ortland. Puget
Sound and Hast B«l»_
■lOi*3p Buaset Umlted. Fresno, Lot
Angeles, El Pa»o. New Orleans
and East oH43p
"'(JAS LEAMtHO AN r l> lUVWAIIIJS I.UCIU
(Foot o( Market Street.)
f Metro**. Seminary I'ark,
8:00 a Fl tcli ours;, Klmliurnf, fli«3_
<9:00 a San litaudro, Sonth Saa t*O:4»_
i IO.OO* Leandro, KstmlUlo, 10:43 a.
aitOOA ■ Lorenzo, Cherry • *5*52 p
3mop and W.IZZ
»««•*■ Harwards. 'SJI2J
*' 00 * | Run* through to Nile*.. ' '* a *
j | From lies. I
1 COAST DIVISION (Nat-row Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.) __^__»
SilSa Newark. CenttnriUe. Ban
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way '___
Station*. -••• »•»••
•»:I3p Newark, OenterTille, San Jose, Hew
Almadea, Felton, Boulder Creek,
B»nU Crux and Principal Way ._ _
Station l 2 l 2
4tlBp Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos... »:20_
tlli_spHuo_rs' Excursion, San Jose and
. Way Stations.... I*** 9 *
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ton SIS mKOISOO— root of Xirktt Slmt(Sli? 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00*. *. Jl:00 *2:00 13:09
•4:00 t6«O •6:00r.M.
TMttfitniwij.— "C:oo 8:00 10:00l.H.
tl3:00 '1:00 ta:0O *3:00 ti:3o *B:o3rJi.
; COAST IMVISiO.N (Broad tiange).
i £_; , (Third and Tovrr.setid Bta.) ——
j 7t©OA San Jo«e and Way Btatl.ni* (New
Almadeii Wednesdays only) li8O»
•>OOa Han .li>«», Tres Vinoa, Sniitn Cruz, ■
Faclllc (lr<>»«, Vaan Uobles, .Sail
Luis ( )l»laiio. Uuadalupe, bur( and
Principal Way Stations .J fl 2*
I«i4Oa Sau Jos« and Way Stations *? ! A
II:»«a San Jose ami Way Stations SiSSa
■Bi43rSan Mateo, Kedwood, Meulo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .Jose.
Ollroy, Holllster, Santa Cms,
. . Salinas, Monterey and PaciUe
OroTeT: •12' 8 2 4
•BiSOp San Jose aud Way Stations »9:00_
•4:13r San Jose and Prinoipal Way Station* »:43a
San Jo*« and Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
st*Op Sun Jose and Principal Way Stations 5:30*
«:»Op San Jose and Way Stations 7iBop
»1:43p San Jose and Way Stations 7»»0p
A for Morning. P tor A tern ooa.
! • Sundays eiceptxl. { Sundays only, t Saturdays only
! . and Thursdays. a Tuesdays and Saturdays.
(Saturdays and Wednesdays. 6Thursdays and Sundays.
CALIFOINIA NORTHWESTERN HY. CO.
I_l_SS____
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI* '
KEEK DAYS— 7:BO. 9:00, 11:00 a. _.; 12:31,
! 8:80, 8:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— E^ttra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturday a— Extra trips at 1:E«
and 11:80 p. m.
BUNDATS— B:OO, 9:*o. 11:00 a. m, 1:80, 3:28.
8:00, 6:20 p. m. "
_AN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
VITEEK DATS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 11:45.
8:40, 6:10 p. ni. Saturdays— Extra trips ai
1:65 and 6:35 p. ra.
BUNDATS— 9:40, 11:10 a- m.; 1:40, 8:40,
6:OC, 6:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetsen Park
1 pamd schedule as above. .
Leave Arriv*
i Ban Francisco. In Effect San Franc!*o*.
i . Octobor 16, ■
i Week I Sun- 189 S. Sun- i Week
Days. I Day*. Destination, days. I ; days.
7:80 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40am| 8:40 am
8:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma 6510 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:85 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
180 am Windsor. • V>M — ■
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Q«yservlll«,
1:80 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:88 pm «:_ pm
Hopland and
T:JO am :;" Uklah. 7:38 pm 8:28 pra
*7:80 am ~ | ' 10:18 *™
8:00 am Ourneyrille. 7:85 pm
1:80 pm . ?i!i£S
7:80 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
BilO pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:10 pm 6:_ pm
i 7:80 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:80 pm 8:00 prril 7:85 pm 8:82 pm
Stage* connect at Banta KDsa for Mark ."West
! Springs ; at Lytton for Ljrtton Springs; at Qey-
! *enl!le for Skasres Springs; at Cloverdale to*
' the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Sprlnes,
Highland Springs. Keiseyville, Carlsbad
Spring*. Soda Bay. • Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprlngs; at Ultlah for Vichy. Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
j Bprlnga Upper Lake, Porno Potter Valley.
' John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell *,
Panhedrln Heights. HullTiUe, Booneville, Orr 1 *
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
W*stport Usal. Wlllltta, LaytonvlUe, Oum.
! fAlnrß, Bell*. Spring*. Harris. OUen I*,1 *, Dy«r,
Bcotla and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday round trl» ticket* at
re On° Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. - —
Ticket Of floe*. 860 Market St., Chronicle bids;
H C WHITING. R- X. RYAN.
! general Manager. Oen. Pass Agent.
|
California
Limited
Santa ft? Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES.
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th«
■ following Thursday, Saturday
'and Tuesday— Arriving: In Ne\*
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Obi
Bervatlon Car and Eleotrlaf
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
- Overland Express.
I SAM HUICISCO TICIEfWICE— m MARKET St
TELEPHONE MAIN IBJ_
, Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offloo— -201 I Street
i '■*' B__ Jm» 0_o«— Wut Ssata Clan Si
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
COMBINATION
BRIDGE OPPOSED
BY RAILROAD
Clash Over Tidal Ca
nal Structures.
CONFERENCE OF AUTHORITIES
SPANS AT HIGH STREET AND
FRUITVALE AVENUE.
Southern Pacific Company Demands
That the Government Build for
It a Separate
Bridge. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
908 Broadway, Feb. 27.
There Is a clash between the Southern i
Pacific v Company and the Board of Su- j
pervisors over the proposed construction
of a combination bridge to span the Ala
meda tidal canal at Fruitvale avenue.
The Board of Supervisors last week re- :
ceived a letter from Major W. H. Heuer j
advising them that he had received orders >
from headquarters at Washington to pro- |
ceed with preliminary steps to begin op- j
erations on the proposed Government j
bridges across the tidal canal at High
street and at Fruitvale avenue, the for
mer to be a highway bridge, the other a i
railway and highway bridge combined.
The interested parties are Alameda ;
County, the city of Alameda and the j
railroad, and on Saturday last the author- i
Itiea held a conference, Mr. Curtis repre- j
eenting the railroad and announcing that j
his superiors would most certainly be op- i
posed to a combination bridge, and that j
the railroad wants a separate bridge.
The Southern Pacific Company's cross- f
ing is just west of Fruitvale avenue and ;
two bridges in that proximity would be j
impracticable, since they would interfere !
■when swung open.
The Supervisors on the other hand fa
vor the plan proposed by the Government,
and at to-day's meeting a reply, conform- i
Ing with such favorable sentiment, was i
ordered drawn and forwarded to Major \
Heuer of the En°lneer Corps. U. S. A., i
The local authorities contend that a com- j
bination bridge at Fruitvale avenue and a
carriage or highway bridge at High street
would fulfill all requirements of commerce
for many years to come. They propose, ;
too. with the consent of all parties inter
ested, to abandon a portion of Washing
ton avenue which also crosses the canal ;
and to locate a connecting road upon the
north side of the canal parallel with it to j
Fruitvale avenue, the Government to bear j
the expense of the grading, etc., which
•will not run over $5000, in return for the j
abandonment of the right to a bridge at ■
Washington street.
In 1576 the United States brought suit ■
to condemn the right of way for the
tidal canal, and the final decree handed
down in October, 1884, provided that the
Government shall keep in repair suitable
bridges where streets cross from Alameda .
to North Side, and at that time the court
had notice that there existed four public :
highways of the county, to wit: High !
street, Washington avenue, Fruitvale ave
nue and Park street. Since then a steel
combination bridge has been constructed j
at Park street at a cost of $40,000.
NEW HOME FOR
FABIOLA NURSES
MBS. REQTJA, PRESIDENT OF THE
INSTITUTION.
Red Cross Convalescent Home Is Now
a Part of the Big As
sociation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. ' 27.
Another institution has been added to
Fabiola, and to-day the Red Cross Sol
diers' Home became part of the respon
sibility of the Fabiola Association.
The convaieecent home for the soldiers
Is no longer needed and it has been de
cided to turn it into a training home and I
general home for nurses. No such in- j
Btitution exists in this county, and the
Increasing work at Fabiola has made it
necessary that there shall be an organ
ized effort to train, educate and supply
homes for the many nurses needed in the
Institution.
Mrs. I. L. Requa is the president of the
Nurses' Institute, and is now busily en
gaged superintending the furnishing- of i
the building. During the life of the con- |
valesceni home as a Red Cross institu- |
tion it did noble work, but now that there j
Is no .further call for its services it is
to be retained in the cause of charity.
There are scores of nurses at F'abiola
who are deprived of many comforts ' of
home life which are rightfully theirs, but
which cannot be granted them in the hos- !
pltal. There is no place for them to take \
b. vacation should they desire it, or should
they become sick, which is frequently i
the case, and the ladies have decided i
that a home for such a purpose will ma- i
terially aid the work of the hospital and
enable nurses to be better educated in
tnelr profession.
Mrs. Requa will have the new home In
readiness for its work in a few days, and
Fabiola will have reached one step nearer
perfection.
SIPHON BOTTLE SUIT.
Oakland Company Sues a Rival for
Taking Its Bottles and Wants
$5000 Damages.
OAKLAND, Feb. 27.— The Oakland Pio
neer Soda Water Company this afternoon
filed suit against Samuel J. Simons for
55000 damages.
The complaint charges Simons with
having: unlawfully taken a large quan
tity of siphon bottles belonging to plain
tiff; that Simons has been engaged In
such wrongful acts ever since June 1, 1596,
and continues at present to take plain
tiff's siphon bottles while they are in the
possession of plaintiff's patrons, where
by the plaintiff has been prevented from
properly supolving its customers to the
extent of $2000 damages; also that the
company was, by reason of defendant's
acts, compelled to purchase $3000 worth
of new bottles. The defendant is also en
gaged in the soda water business.
WILL REMAIN OPEN.
Oakland High School Granted Its
Necessary Funds.
OAKLAND, Feb. 27.— The City Council
granted the School Board $4000 to-night,
and this makes it certain that the
High School will not be closed before the
usual time.
The ordinance appropriating $50,000 for
constructing a storm sewer through Cem
etery Creek was passed over the Mayor's
veto. Those opposing It were Upton,
Kowe and Cuvellier.
The water rate matter was not brought
up, although the committee had promised
to report to-night. It is believed that the
solid six will try to avoid taking a vote
on the water rate, and that they will at
tempt to defer it until after the election,
which is to be held two weeks from to
day.
The Ellis \ r oting Machine Company was
given permission to erect a booth and
test its machine at one of the precincts
at the city election.
Brutally Assaulted a Woman.
OAKLANP, Feb. 27.— C. Montgomery,
aged 17 years, was arrested this afternoon
on a charge of having brutally assaulted
Mrs. N. Hanifln. residing at ISO 4 San
Pablo avenue, last Saturday ni&ht. At
about 9 o'clock on that evening Mrs. Han
j inn was returning to her home irom a
i trip downtown, when a young man, sup
| posed to be Montgomery, seized her by
the neck and threw hf>r to the ground.
When she cried for help her assailant
ran off.
St. Mary's College.
OAKLAND, Feb. 27.— The students of
St. Mary's College gave a musical and lit
erary entertainment This evening under
i the auspices of the Athletic Association of
I the college. All the numbers of the varied
1 programme were excellently rendered. The I
! drama "Richelieu" was the concluding I
number: all the parts were well sustained
I and Judiciously cast; the wily cardinal
' vi as ably portrayed by William J. Walsh.
i The folowing was the programme:
Overture, "American Airs," college orchestra; '
recitation, "The Flag Dewey Raised," Frank
Rlvas; vocal solo. "Break the News," Edgar
Regan. "02; reading, "Independence," T. F.
Farrell. '02; vocal duet, "Over the Waters," |
J. P. Plover, 01, and S. P. Young, "99; extract, j
! "Washington." J. N. Gallagher, '02; trombone '
| solo. "The Vision" (orchestral accompaniment),
I D. E. Campbell. '99; recitntion, "Spirit of '76,"
i F. A. Stodaard, '02; bass solo, "Land and Sea,"
: James Blossom; reading, "The American Ban
j ncr," E. J. Mullaly, '99; music. "Evening
i Charm Waltzes." orchestra; recitation, "The '
! Dutchman's Cat," W. F. Chapman, '00; double
quartet, "Stars and Stripes," glee club; verses,
j "Our Late Comrade." E. T. Mallon. B. P 'J8;
! "Richelieu— Cast:' Cardinal Richelieu, w. J.
! Walsh; De Mauprat. O. A. Welsh; Baradas, E. ;
' J. Mullaly: Lf-uis XIII. H. S. Stark; Friar Jo- '■
! F«*ph. J. G. Brady; Francois, J. A. Casstdy;
J Huß'iPt, s. P. Younp; Duke of Orleans, D. K.
i Campbell; De Berlnghen, J. P. Fitzgerald;
Clermont, J. T. Killian; Gaoler. H. S. Huff;
Interludes: VloHn solo, "Serenade," William
Weltzmann, '01: \'ocal polo. "Anchored," F. E.
Michel, '00; finale. "Georgia Campmeetlng,"
collegß orchestra-
Oakland Court Items.
OAKLAND. Feb. 27.— 1n the suit of '[
Viola Ida Glrvin against the Oakland
Rubber Company. Judge Ellsworth has
entered judgment for $3674 S4 in favor of
i plaintiff, together with costs.
The estate of Henry Russell, deceased, l
has been appraised at $15,008, of which I
! $13,000 represents real property at Hay- j
I wards and a ranch in Contra Costa Coun- '
j ty.
j Judge Hall to-day appointed Ellie Wha-
I len guardian of the person and estate of i
! Mary O'Rourke. an incompetent. The i
i guardian's bond Is fixed at $750.
The divorce suit of William E. Price
' against Maggie Price, brought on the
ground of desertion, was on trial in Judge !
Ellsworth's court to-day. Some testimony
Was taken and the case went over to next ■
'■ Monday.
Articles of Incorporation.
OAKLAND, Feb. 27.— Articles of incor
i poration were filed to-day by the James
! Graham Company, manufacturers and
I dealers iji stoves, ranges, etc. The capi
: tal stock is $28,000. of which $24,000 has
been subscribed. The plant is located at
i Newark; principal place of business. San
1 Francisco, and the directors are Sarah,
George E.. Etta 8., James W. and Stella
M. Graham.
The J. S. Kimball Company, for the pur
pose of building vessels and doing a gen
eral shipping business, also filed articles
of incorporation to-day, with capital stock
at $500 000. The directors are John S.
Kimball. Charles E. Kimball and Helen
N. Kimball, of this city; John H. Bullock
anci Charles E. Wilson, of San Francisco.
Delger Note Suit Abandoned.
OAKLAND, Feb. 27.— The suit brought
recently by the executors of the Frederick
Delger" estate against J. J. Lamping to
have canceled a promissory note for $10,
--000 held by Lamping against the estate
has been practically knocked out. Further
argument on Lamping's dpmurror was to
have be^n heard before Judge Ellsworth
to-day, but W. R. Davis, attorney for de
fendant, stated that plaintiff's attorney j
had gone East and that he understood
there would be ro further appeara/ice on
the part of plaintiff. The demurrer was j
practically sustained.
SEVENTY-SIX YEARS
OF HONORED LIFE
PROFESSOR JOSEPH LE CONTE.
BERKELEY, Feb. 27.— Joseph Le Conte, the venerable professor of geology
and zoology in the University of California, passed his seventy-sixth birthday
to-day. The college students, all of whom look upon him with affectionate
reverence, made the event an occasion for presenting him, in a simple yet
Impressive- way, with a beautiful tribute of their esteem.
Very appropriately Professor L<e Conte's old lecture room in South Hall had been
selected as the place for making the presentation. It was the room in which for
fo many years he has delivered, with a clearness and simplicity of style bordering
almost on the sublime, his celebrated lectures on geology and evolution, lectures
which no one who has ever been to Berkeley can forget. Willing hands had
transformed the lecture desk and blackboard into a mass of flowers, In the midst
of which were placed the tokens of remembrance offered by the whole student
body.
As the aged professor entered to conduct his class as usual President Charlefc
E Thomas of tho Associated Students stepped forward to greet him, and in a few
well chosen words tendered the students' congratulations.
Professor Le Conte was deeply moved by the simple ceremony and replied
with feeling: "Can it be any wonder that I love the University of California?
You all know that I was here at its very birth, that I consider myself one of its
fathers. 1 have seen it grow up gradually under my eyes. I have seen it reach
Its strong youth in the present day. I have given more than half of my whola
active life here. My very best energies have been expended, the best and most
productive portion of my life— yes, nearly nine-tenths of all that I have done
which is visible at least has been done in connection with this our beloved uni
versity. And 1 assure you it has come to something very different not only in
majesty but in character from what I ever had reason to hope to expect.
"My heart, indeed, goes out in tho performance of my duty; my heart goes
out as well into my subject; my heart overflows my subject upon my pupilg. If
I have been at all. successful in teaching it must be on that account — that over
flow of my interest— yes, and my affections for those whom I teach
"But how shall I account for this act of your overwhelming kindness? You
have paid me — overpaid me— for all I have done for you. The trouble is, I know
not how to make you feel how much I appreciate this. I am simply powerless
to do anything more than to return hearty, cordial, repeated thanks."
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1899.
NO CHICKENS
FOR TRAMPS
IN PRISON
Sheriff Rogers Makes
a Record.
t
COUNTY EXPERTS REPORT
JUSTICE LAWRENCE THE ONLY
DELINQUENT.
All Other Officials Have Done All
That the Law Requires.
Fees Are Cut
Down. #
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 27.
During 1 the past four months the coun
ty has saved $3474 because of the em
ployment of an expert. E. B. Bullock
filed his report with the Supervisors to
day, showing that there has been a
marked reduction in the fees charged by
those officials who are paid by fees and
not salaries since last fall.
In the four months from October 11 to
February 11 nearly $1000 worth of claims i
were rejected because they were dupli- j
cates of claims already paid; $2316 was j
cut from claims wherein that amount i
had been overcharged. Illegal claims
amounting to $323 were rejected.
Justice Lawrence of Brooklyn Town
ship has an explanation to make. The ex-
pert's report says:
"I have visited all the Justices of the
Peace in the county and all their affairs
are checked up to date with the exception
of Justice Lawrence of Brooklyn Town
ship. His docket does not show any fines
from April 1 to December 31 of last year.
At the same time he has paid in some
money for the Auditor. I have notified
him to send a statement o"f all fines im
posed by him during the period men
tioned last year."
The expert finds a very wide discrep
ancy between the mileage charged by
Constables and that allowed by law, in
many instances 40 per cent being over
charged by the deputies. The affairs of
the County Clerk's office and the Sher
iff's office are correct. The Superintendent
of Schools, Recorder and License Collec
tors have also kept their books in good
shape and correctly.
Sheriff Rogers is a very economical
man. according to the expert. He is al
lowed 20 cents a day to feed each pris
oner, and during the month of January
he was entitled to draw $301 for his guests.
He drew $48 less, and this amount has
been returned to the county treasury. If
all the departments were run as eco
nomically as the feeding of the prisoners
there would be a large sum saved an
nually. _________
Death of Fireman Moran.
OAKLAND, Feb. 27.— William Moran,
the extraman who fell through the slid
ing pole trap at the engine house of No.
6 in East Oakland about three months
ago. died last night from injuries sus
tained on that occasion.
Moran's back was broken in two places.
For ten weeks he was at the Receiving
Hospital, and for the past week he has
remained unconscious. His vitality was
something remarkable, and on several oc
casions the doctors gave him up com
pletely. He leaves a widow and two chil
dren.
Bitten by a Monkey.
OAKLAND, Feb. 27.— A cage in which
were several monkeys was standing on
the sidewalk on Eleventh street last Fri
day, when the 10-year-old son of Nathan
Stord, living at 407 Twelfth street, in com
pany with several other small boys be
gan petting the ugly little brutes. One
ot the animals bit young Stord on the
right hand, inflicting a slight wound to
which hardly passing attention was paid.
However, blood-poisoning set in and to
night the boy's condition is critical. l>r.
Hamlin has been .-ummoned, and enter
tains grave fears that the boy may at
least lose his- hand.
Ernest Mosca's Funeral.
OAKLAND, Feb. 27.— The funeral of Er
nest Mosca, late Italian interpreter in the
Police Court.who died yesterday, will take
place next Wednesday from the family
residence, 519 Sixteenth street under the
auspices of Tecumseh Tribe No. 62 Red
Men. Deceased was a native of I»al>'.
aged 71 years, and leaves one sister, Mrs.
Mary Arona.
Accident to Mrs. F. W. Van Sicklen.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 27.— Mrs. F. W. Van
Sicklen, wife of F. W. Van Slcklen of the
firm of Dodge. Sweeney & Co., and her
five-year-old son Horace narrowly es
caped serious injury this afternoon in a
runaway accident. Mrs. Van Sicklen and
her son were driving to Oakland in a sur
rey, and when crossing the Alice .street
bridge a team belonging to Cotton Bros^
dashed up behind them, colliding with
their carriage and crushing It to pieces.
The occupants were thrown beneath the
debris close to the heels of the runaway
team. They were in danger of being
kicked to death when some men noticed
their perilous predicament and dragged
them out of the wreck. Mrs. Van Sicklen
and her son escaped with a few bruises.
They were taken to their home, corner
Central avenue and Lafayette street, Ala
meda. Although suffering considerably
from the shock, their condition Is not se
rious. The carriage was completely
wrecked.
PAUL NEUMANN HERE.
Did Not Plead the Cause of ex-Queen
Liliuokalani at Washington.
Paul Neumann, who was Attorney Gen
eral of Hawaii under King Kalakaua, has
arrived from Washington, D. C. and Is
registered at the Palace with his wife.
Mr. Neumann denies emphatically that
he had anything to do with the presenta
tion of the claims of Liliuokalanl to the
United States Government.
"I went to Washington," said he, "on
private business, and incidentally to be
admitted to practice before the Supreme
Court of the United States, as I wished
to be the first one from the islands to
be so honored. I have been a practi
tioner since 1864 In all the courts of Cali
fornia. As far as the claims of Liliuo
kalani are concerned, I had nothing to
do with them whatever, as I do not con
sider that she has any. She may have
a claim in equity, but it' is shadowy.
When King Kamehamena ill divided the
allodial lands between himself the nobles
and the people, he established a use for
the reigning sovereign of the income of
the crown lands. If that use lapsed by
reason of the non-existence of any one
who was included under its terms the
property devoted to that use would nat
urally revert to the lineal descendants of
Kamehameha 111, of which Queen Lili
uokalanl Is not one. Her dethronement
simply made the use lapse and there
Is no beneficiary to take it.
"As to annexation, I can say that the
small minority of the natives who were ■
opposed to it are now in its favor. I con- j
fidently believe that annexation will ben- i
ertt the islands much more than it will I
the United States."
CONTESTS HIS WILL.
Lizzie B. Blizard Will Fight for Her
Brother's Estate.
Lizzie R. Blizard, a sister and only
heir of the late Eugene E. Lakemeyer,
filed a contest yesterday against the will
of her deceased brother, and prays that
the probate of the document be revoked.
Lakemeyer died in New York February
8, 1898. On August 31, 1898, an alleged
will of the deceased was filed by Mrs. A.
R. Tuckey. It was subsequently admitted
to probate, and Mrs. Tuckey was granted
letters testamentary. The contestant now
avers that the will was not entirely writ
ten by the deceased and fhat the docu
ment is not dated in accordance with the
law. Hence she asks thaf the order ad
mitting it to probate be revoked and the
estate distributed to her in accordance
with the laws of inheritance.
Reis' Case Continued.
The case of Christian Reis Jr., charged
with assault to murder in shooting Wil
liam S. Pardy about four weeks ago, was
called in Judge Mogan's court yesterday I
and by consent continued until March 13.
By that time it is expected that P.irdy
will be able to appear in court, but the
probability is that he will not appear at
all.
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Louise
Wormser, lot on W line of Polk street, 109:6 S
of Clay, S 78:6, W 75, N 12, W 50, N 47:8^, E
43:6, N 18:9%, E 81:6; .
Emma H. Brown to Louis Zimmerman, lot
commencing 90 W of Buchanan street and 25
S of FJlbert, W 20 by S 30; $10.
William J., George W., Charles M. and Alice
M. Wood and Emma H. Brown to same, lot
on S line, of Filbert street, 90 W of Buchanan,
W 20 by S 25; $10.
Louise Norrls to William A. C. Lange, lot on
S line of Frederick street, 450 E of Stanyan, E
26 by S 137:6; $10.
Frederick C. Siebe to Charles H. Duveneck,
lot on W line of Alemany street, 204 N of
Seventeenth, N 13:3Vi. W ■74:9%, S 13:3%, E
74:10; also lot on N line of Eighteenth, 129:2 W
of Eureka, W 25:10 by N 75; also lot on SE
corner of Seventeenth and Eureka streets, E
25 by S 75; $10.
Samuel I), and Louise C. Hovey to Pacific
States Savings, Loan and Building Company,
lot ou N line of Elizabeth street, 125 E of
Diamond, E 50 by N 114; $'.000.
Emelia W. C. Helm and Alexander and Mary
Q. Heynemann to Caroline B. Watson, undi
vided half of lot on E line of Kearny street,
107 S of California, S 19 by E 74:6; $10.
Same to Douglas S. Watson, undivided half of
same; $10.
Emll A. C. Engelberg to Caroline B. and D.
8. Watson, same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Mary Powers to Charles B. Elliot, lot on W
line of Jones street, 45:10 S of Pine, S 22:11 by
W 68:9; $10.
J. S. or J. E. Comyns (by A. O. Col ton, com
missioner) to R. .1. Graf, lot on XW line of
Frederick street. 1.10 SW of First, SW 25, NE
25. SE 80; $1151.
Charles A. and Ada W. ShurtlefT to Ellle C.
Smith (wife of Julien, lot on SE line of Ste
venson atreet, 515 SW of Third. SW 25 by SE
70; $10.
Frank S. Gugllelmetti to Dora Ougllelmettl,
lot on SE line of Clara street, 400 SW of
Fourth. SW 25 by SE 75; also lot on NE line
of Twenty-ninth avenue, 75 NW of I street. NW
37:6 by NE 100. lot 15. blook EH, Bay Vl-w
Homestead; also lot on W line of Railroad ave
nue, 27.1:3% N of Salinas street, N 25:0%. W
lfiO, S 25:0>4. E 99:4^. lot •• block 1. Garden
Tract Homestead; also lot on SE corner of
Minerva and Capitol streets. E 100 by S 125,
lot 1, blook P, Railroad Homestead; Rift.
Hugh and Theresa Keenan to Florence. E.
Barrlngton, lot on E line of Illinois street, 100
S of Alameda, a 50 by E 100; $10.
Robert P. Heaney to James W. Heaney, lot
on E line of Twenty-second avenue, 150 X of
Point Loboe avenue N 25 by E 120; $10.
George M. and Alice L. Wood to Joßeph O.
Levensaler and Morris Windt, lot on W line
of Tenth avenue, 100 N of A street. N 75 by
W 120; $10.
Joseph Deschamps and Edward Vinet to Fer
dinand Queyrel. lot on SE corner of Point Lo
bos and Fifth avenues, E 45 by S 100; $10.
Harvey A. West to John V. Utter, lot ISO,
Gift Map No. 3; $10.
McCarthy Company (a corporation) to An
drew B. Forbes, lots 45, 46 and 47. block 28,
Lakevlew; $10.
Charles C. and Elizabeth M. Wilson to
Thomas King, lot on N line of Wayland street,
120 W of San Bruno avenue, N 100, E 40, 8 25,
E 80, S 60, W 80, S 25. W 40; $10.
Alameda County.
Michael Callahan to Margaret Callahan lot
on NE line of East Twelfth street. 100 SE of
Twelfth avenue. SE 50 by NE 150, being lots 5
and 6. block 40, Clinton, East Oakland; gift.
Timothy C. Kendall to J. E. Guilbanet. lot on
E line of Edith street. 76 S of Cedar. S 40 by
E 100, being lot 14, block A, Edith Tract,
Berkeley: $500.
William C. and Elvlsa Tait to county of Ala
meda, lot on W line of High street, distant NE
1.40 chains from the SW corner of lot 8, Jands
of Brooklyn Land Company, thence NW 16.85
chains, KB 50 feet, SE 16.55. SW 50 to begln
ning, being a portion of lands of Brooklyn
Land Company, Brooklyn Township; grant
William P. and Alice F. Tortd to W Illiam
Bolt lot on SF, corner of Lincoln avenue and
Everett street. S 40 by E 116.83, Alameda; *10.
J. and Laurentina Rodrigues to Domingos C.
de Mello, lot on W line of Castro street, 95 N
nf Dean, N 30 by W 75, Haywards, Eden Town
ship; $10.
Antonio Belllna to Jose de Silva, lot 20,
Bellina Tract, Haywards. Eden Township; »300.
Builders' Contracts.
Equitable Gas Light Company with F. TV-
Kern (contractor). superintendent. E. A.
Tully. All work for a 2-story brick extension
to building and alterations to adjoining wall
of existing wall on North Beach block 259,
bounded by Hyde. Jefferson, Leavenworth and
Beach streets; 13240.
Dr. Philip Maas (owner) with Bernard Dreyer
(contractor), architect none. All work for a
2-story frame building with basement on N line
of Seventeenth street. 160 W of Noe, W 25 by
N 130; $2885.
Masonic Hall Association of Pan Francisco
(owner) with American Luxfer Prism Company
(contractors); architect. H. Barth. Luxfer
Prism Work for the Masonic Temple at 3 and
5 Montgomery street; Jlir.n.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
R E Jack. Cal \T Lander, Seattle
G B Katzensteln, Sac D F Wonnock. Chlego
E C Human, N V Mrs Goodrich, Mass
T Spalding. Cal Mlas Goodrich. Mass
F Frawvluer, Germny W Baur, N V
Miss A Schilling, Mon \V E HarrYs, Chicago
W N "Wetteran, N V Mrs C Dawning, 111
G H Loomls, Sousa'siChas Hofford, Pa
BanJ C S Hofford, a,
C N Tuttlo & w. Raj-- 1 C P Braslau, S Jose
mnnd & Whitcomb C L Case &w, N J
C B Lavin, " I W H Edwards, Bostn
E F Collins. " W B Jones, N* V
Miss M C Collins, " C Smith. N V
F S Morris, Portland H C D Easton, Eng
E Khrman & w. Or J McGovern. S Cruz
J W Fench, NY J B Read, Santa Criiz
A L Dawber, Chicago !J W Arrott, Plttsburg
A R Jacobs, Or J W Arrott Jr, Pttsbg
E E Larrimore, Or I W Arrott, Plttsburg
Mrs Mcßride, Or I A J Hoskins,. Minn
C G H Mcßr.ide, Or I Mrs Hoskins. Minn
W C Cloftoni -Or j G E Goodman, N'apa
G B Berkman, N V i Mrs Goodman, Xapa
Mrs Berkman, NY J G Delaney, N V
« N Griffith, Fresno A A Woodhull, N V
F W Dexter, R I Mrs Wodhull, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
W F George, Sacto A Newhauser, Fresno
D Casper, Elko F Bradbury. Sacto
F Herrington, Ogden Mrs A Gilmore, N V
Mrs C Belmont. Chto F B Vatter, V Springs
R Parsons, Sioux City N Smith. N V
D Healy, Sacto IJ L Pendleton. Reno
H Arnold, Drawbridge I G C Mattsun. Reno
A G Wilson, S Barbara ;T A Dougherty. Salem
J Jacobson. Gilroy IB P Barker. Livermore
J W Mansfield, P Alto T D Coffman. Jackson
C M Webster. S Jose C Lander, Bakersfleld
J A Davis, Sacto J D Enright & w, Cal
C C Smith. Cal !A Evans, Chico
G R Armstrong, Mass P Carpenter, w &d, Cal
W B Fennis & w. N V P R Waters, Sacto
Ruth Fennis, N V W I Morrison, Sacto
L Houseman, Cal » Russei. Montague
D M Maybrecker, Or E A Walters. Sonora
A E Claflin & w, Colo!A J Davis, Colusa
W C Barrett & w, Oak G N Parkinson, P Alto
5 Rothschild. Ohio G S Parkinson. P Alto
T Galland &w. Wash N Parkinson. P Alto
W A Pitcher, L Ang H D Morris, N V
E B Rlley &w, Cal IS P Poland. S Jose
W G Atwood. Chicago! A Lundberg, Valleclto
E T Davis, NY FA Sanborn. L Ang
C T Tanner, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Tulloch Seattle F Smith. Santa Rosa
J McConnell, Vallejo W C French <fe w Mass
F J Clevin. Tacoma G Vargas, Boston
C "E Ellsworth, S Jose S Cook, L Ang
J Farnum & w. Or |H Hewitt N V
G Brandon. Conn iR Donaldson. Fresno
C M Kelsey. Mexico J L Morrissey. Chgo
L J Rogers. Stockton C Clarke. S Cruz
D P Wood, Georgia J Landers. Visalla
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th| San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
G2l McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock. •
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and •
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- ~J\_
DAY) EVENING, February 28, at\if
7:30 o'clock. D. 1. f^T^
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. •
121 Eddy st— Meets THIS EVENING
7:30. Second degree. 7%-/\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary. '^_
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. a
M.-Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) _i%_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. JSLJC
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /V'
OSCEOLA Tribe No. 71, I. O. R. M.— Jfs.
You are requested to attend the fu-^jKja^-
neral of our late brother, ROBERT ?wttr*-
DONALDSON, from the undertak-
ing parlors of H. F. SUHR & CO.. 1209 Mis-
sion St., at 1 p. m., TUESDAY. February I
28. A. J. PHILLIPS, Sachem.
• QUARTERLY meeting Austrian Be- fe^&«y
nevolent Society will be held WnMEfa
WEDNESDAY, March 1. 8 p. m. MHsfHf
sharp. By order * r *i3if»
J. L. RADOVICH, President.
A. CONNICH, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Wittram Pro-
peller Company will be held at their office. I
327 Market st., 'San Francisco. California, on
WEDNESDAY, the eighth day of March,
1599, at the hour of 3 p. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. CHARLES A. HUG, Sec.
Office, 327 Market at., San Fran^'sco. Cali-
fornia^ '
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MRS LOEWENSTEIN wishes to Inform her
many friends and patrons that the restaurant
formerly conducted by her late husband. N.
LOEWENSTEIN, at 830 Howard St., will be
carried on as formerly and she will be pleased
to have them return.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415' Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND Mini,
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend No. 90 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St.. on and after WED-
NESDAY, March 1, 1899.
Transfer books will close on . Thursday.
February 23, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED- FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires' situa-
tion; understands all branches of -cooking;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 3 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French second girl and nurse
desires situation; best references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. .
MOTHER and daughter desire situations as
cook and second girl; city or country. MISS
CULLEN; 325 Sutter st. ■
A NEAT German housegirl; good cook; best
references; $15 to $20. MRS. NuRTON, 313 Sut-
ter st. . •
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girl; excellent
seamstress. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
LADY wants position as housekeeper or cham-
bermaid in mining camp or town; ■ good
seamstress; cook; willing to do anything.
Box 4SO, Call. ■ ■ ;••
RESPECTABLE elderly woman would like
light housework or care for the sick; good
reference. Call 2237 Jackson St., bet. Web-
ster and Buchanan.
GERMAN girl » (17) wishes place to do house-
work; can assist with plain cooking; sleep
home. Call or address 253 Tehnma st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like position as
housekeeper; references exchanged. Address
L. H., Station B.
i YOUNG widow wishes position as maid; no ob-
jections to travel; wages $20. Address box
475, Call.
EXPERIENCED and reliable woman wishes to
do housework and cooking, also plain wash-
ing; small family preferred; city reference.
•Apply, 2. days, 1207 Folsom St., bet. Eighth
and Ninth, near Eighth.
CAPABLE woman wishes a situation as work-
Ing housekeeper or cook, and daughter to as-
sist morning and evening and go to school;
" city or country; good references. Call 1635
Mission st.
YOUNG girl from the East; light housework
and care for children; willing and obliging.
Apply 1926 Ellis st. --.•■-..■
A SWEDISH girl to do general housework in
a small American family. 441 Sixth St., near
Bryant. • • '
SWEDISH, also English second girls, best of
references, desire situations. J. F. CROSETT
' & CO.. 316 Sutter St. ";-,.
• WOMAN wishes to work by the day, washing
and housecleaning; 75 cents and car fare. Call
or address 650 Mission st. ■ :
YOUNG srlrl . wants situation to assist with
• light housework. Apply 3010 Mission at
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
girl wants position to do
general housework; $20 per month. 19 Morris
aye., between Harrison and Bryant
SITUATION wanted by elderly American
woman for housework: city or country; good
plain cook; moderate wages: good home. 106 a
Market, room 21. No postals. _^ |
BFSPFfTABIiE woman, with girl 4 years old,
wants housework; cooking; no objection small
wash no trlners; wages $10. Address Box
491, Call oiflnce.
gTrlTo do "housework and care for children.
Call 33 Madison aye., off Harrison St., bet.
Fifth and Sixth^
SW^EDISIFgTrI wants work; general housework
and Poking ; wages $20. Apply at 2221 Twenty-
second *t. , f-» . K in— and Vrmot
YOUNGTstrong German woman wants wash-
GIRL to mind baby and do light housework.
2133 Mission St.
i SITUATION "wanted by Nova Scotia Protestant
S " Vn£n °n Xmerican^amily ; Kood cook; w.ll
do some housework. Call 204 Jurk st.
RKSPKCTATiI-!-: middle-aged person, an ex-
rellVnt seam'nross. wishes situation taking
care^of a child and do sewing In OtUand or
country place; or as seamstress In an insti-
tution; reference*. Address MRb. D. box
74. North Tfmesca^AUmeda Co.. Cal.
WANTED~b7"elderly American woman light
housework; good cook; small wages. ._.. tr.,
625 Chestnut st. ,
RKFINED young lady would like the car* , of
invalid lady or to travel; good references.
Apply 26 Turk st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
R housewort cook, wash and ° b &SI
tlon to short distance in the country. Call
661% Howard st. ; moderate wages.
YOUNG North German girl Just arrived de-
sires place in private family for ' «P«t*»™
work. Address 638V4 Jessie St., off Seventh.
ARTISTIC dressmaker will work for $1^25 per
day. 2843 Mission St.. near Twenty-fifth.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation for up-
stairs; last place 1% years. Address 70l Turk :
YOUNG girl wants situation to do light house-
keeping. Apply 3010 Mission st.
YOUNG woman^wants any kind of work by
the day. Apply 727^ Natoma, bet. Bth and 9th.
WANTED— Respectable American woman with
D-year-old child would like a situation as
working housekeeper; good Plain cook and
neat worker; experienced; good references,
country preferred; wages $12 to $10. Address
bex 452. Haywards. CaL
THOROUGHLY competent working housekeep-
er wishes situation. Call 2136 Howard; no
postals; best references^ .
WANTED— By intelligent and refined lady, po-
sition as companion or to wait on Invalid; city
reference. Box 320, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
A— WESTERN Labor Bureau, 641 Clay st.. tel..
Green 681, furnishes reliable male or female
help, any nationality, free of charge.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 436.
AN engineer and machinist, reliable and will-
ing, good references, can run any style of
stationary engine and do pipefltting, wants
position to run boiler and engine, or boiler
alone, in city or country. Box 488, Call office.
WANTED- Situation by a flrst-clasß tailor's
cutter; graduated in London 12 years ago;
diploma by examination; also very good on
ladles' garments. Box 468, Call office.
A YOUNG man of highly educated family de-
sires a position as a clerk; best reference In
the city; salary according to ability. Ad-
dress Box 469, Call office.
BUTCHER wishes steady work In shop, city or
country. Box 1483, Call office.
A YOUNG man would like to work where he
could learn some business for found. Box
467, Call office.
SWISS man and wife, with 4-year-old child,
want positions on a dairy ranch. Call or
write to M. P. W., 216 Hale St., near Silver
aye., San Bruno road, San Francisco.
A GOOD French polisher wishes a situation.
Mr. VALLA NDT. 23 Ritch St.
YOUNG married man (28), sober German,
wishes any kind of a position. Address box
470, Cal^
SITUATION wanted by first-class carpenter as
carpenter or something else where he can
"have steady employment; can give best of
references. Address A. D., 1050 Howard st.
NURSE, trained male, highest references, de-
sires situation. Box 487, Call.
YOUNG man, 23, of good habits, wishes posi-
tion: understands horses; has done porter
work In wholesale houses; can furnish refer-
ences. Address box 338, Call office.
HONEST Japanese man wants situation; good
cook and houseworker; In private family. S.
H.. ."33 Jessie st.
BRUNSWICK, 148 Sixth St., corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a nisht;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
ENGINEER and machinist, young and prac-
tical; does ail kinds of repairing, pipefltting,
etc ; will go anywhere; first-class references.
Box 477. Call office.
JAPANESE, 'strong and reliable, wants situa-
tion in country as first-class cook and gen-
eral help; good recommendations. G. M.,
1917 Broadway.
JAPANESE, refined young man, wants situa-
tion in Ice family; useful for every kind of
light work; wages no object. MIDVILL, 1917
Broadway.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $4
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bapgape to and from ferry.
HELP WASTfiUl — ITKMAUKi
HOUSEWORK; two In family; $15 and sleep
home. MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter St.
COOK; Alameda; $23; good place. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter et.
A~CHAMBERMAID, Redwood City, $18: wait-
ress, same house, $18. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WOMAN for country for 2 months, $10 per
month and fare paid. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
RANCH cook. $20 per month. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as working housekeep-
er, $12 per month; fare paid. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ;
PROTESTANT waitress and parlor maid, $25,
2 in family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Auburn, $25; Stockton, $25;
Collinsville, $20; Alameda, $25; and other
towns; 12 housework girls, city, $20 and $25;
6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL- ;
LEX, 323 Sutter St.
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress, $20; 2 second
girls, $20 and $2j; 2 laundresses, $30 and $25
each. MISS Ct'LLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH woman with a little girl as nurse,
$20 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, sleep home, $15 per month. .
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. ;
THREE restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6 per
week; 6 hotel waitresses, $20 and $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl. Tight housework, $15. MISS :
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, hotel, $18; cook, small board- ,
Ing house, $25; waitress and chambermaid, (
same place, $18: 4 waitresses, hotels and res-
taurants, $20, $3 and %6 week; and others. -J. .
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St. ',
WAITRESS and parlor maid, $25; 2 second
girls, $20; 2 nurses. $20; 4 cooks, $25 and $30; i
cook and second girl, same house. $25 and
$20- and a large number of girts for cooking
and housework in city and country. J. F. ;
CROSETT & CO., 31ft Sutter st. ■
WAITRESSES WAITRESSES ;
2 waitresses, flr?t-class country hotel, $20. '
fare paid: German woman for chamberwork
and plain' cooking. lodging house. $20; house- J
work girls, country. MURRAY & READY,
G3+ and 636 CJav st.
— — — — ■
WANTED— Laundress and chambermaid. $25;
Protestant waitress and parlor maid, $23; .
French waitress, $25; French nurse. $20; cook, <
small boarding house. $25: girls for house-
work. $20, $15 and $10. LEON ANDRE. 31S ;
Stockton st.
WOMAN with a child for chamberwork, $15; ;
young woman to assist In Institution, $15.
country: cook, $30; cook, $25; second girls, $20;
house "girl, $25; young girls to assist, $12 to
$15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St. !
"WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids, nurse girls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, f3l ,
Larkin st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; no chil-
dren. 1930 Sutter st.
GIRL to assist In housework; wages $10; good
home. 902 Powell St., near Sacramento.
APPRENTICE in dressmaking shop. 31 Free-
lon st.
LADY clerk, $23. for employment office: apply
in own handwriting; state age and experi-
ence In that line. Box 466, Call.
GIRL for light housework and assist with
children; references; wages $20. 1500 Golden .
Gate aye.
NEAT reliable girl to do cooking and general
hpusework in the country: the house has
modern improvements; 3 In family. Call at
3322 Seventeenth St., near Mission.
"WANTED — Woman to do home cooking and
take full charge of kitchen; Swede preferred.
631 Ellis Bt.
HELP W Con tinned. q
WANTED— waitresses for hotel: 1 colored
woman for Nevada, fare paid: girl for house-
work; 50 good positions for .help. WESTERN
LABOR BUREAU. 541 Clay st.
FRENCH or German girl for second work and
sewing. 1002 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; mod- .
• -rate wages. Apply 3144 Twenty-second St.
EXPERIENCED operators on children's whit*
dresses to take work home. 840 Market st.
WANTED— Ballet girls. Apply 816 Washington
St.. Wednesday, between 12 and 1 p. m.
GOOD finisher on »ants. 83 Third st. up-
stairs.
WANTED— Reliable German girl for general
housework. 418 Hrannan St., bet. 3d and 4th.
YOUNG girl, 16. to assist in light housework;
help mind 2 children; sleep home. Call after
2 a. m.. 1509 Market st.
W ANTED— Catholic woman without incum-
brance for general housework; small family;
wages $15. Address box 12. Call branch office,
387 Hayes st.
WANTED— First-class lady canvassers; can
make $2 to $5 per day. Call bet. 10 a. m. and
4 p. m., Bon Ton Toilet Co., 746 Howard st.,
second floor, room 1.
YOUNG German girl for general housework;
$15. 2325 California St.. near Fillmore.
EXPERIENCED apprentice girl on custom
coats. Room 526, Emma Spreckels building.
GIRL for light housework; sleep home. 601
Hayes st.
GIRL to wait; must have some experience. Ad-
Ply 513^ Jones st., early.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on custom coats;
steady. 528 Jessie. ; „
GIRL for light housekeeping. 1044 EMU st.
GIRLS who understand sewing on Singer ma-
chine to work on tailoring; good wages. 138
■ Russ st.
WANTED— A competent girl to do general
■ housework for small family; reference. Call
at 2219 Jones st., bet. 9 and 2.
OPERATORS on pants wanted. 65 Third Bt..
old No. 31. ■
FIRST-CLASS tattoress on custom coats. 633
Natoma st.
WANTED— Tidy young girl to assist In second
work. Call at 2110 California st.
.
GIRL for general housework; small family:
good home. 8' 2 Sherman St.. cor. Folsom, bet.
Sixth and Seventh. Apply bet. 1 and 3 p. m.
MAKERS wanted at New York Millinery. 1323
Stockton st,
YOUNG German girl for general housework;
wages $15. ' 1013 Buchanan st.
GERMAN girl to take care of 2 children and
assist In upstairs work. 26 Turk st.
FINE tailoress on custom coats; also boy of
some experience. 212 Mason st.
APPRENTICE at G. LEDERER'S. 123 Stock-
ton St., for hair work.
WANTED — A good finisher on custom-made
coats; good wages. Apply at 409 Clementina.
YOUNG German girl for general housework
and plain cooking in bakery. 909 Larkln st.
TAILOREKSS as pants finisher. Top floor, room
18, §Vi Kearny st.
WANTED — Small girl to do light housework;
• wages $5. 906 Minna st., near Tenth.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; ref-
erences. Call at 2336 Pine st. from 9 to 12.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicure; good
wages. S. STROZYNSKI, 24 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED stitchers on electric sewing
machines will be taught to make wrappers.
109 Battery st.
GOOD finisher on custom coats. 628 Howard at.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices;
steady employment. EAGLESON & CO., 535
Market st.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on \
shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICH-
ELS. 531 Mission st.
YOUNG lady, not over 20. to sell cosmetics in
the country: good salary. Apply between
10 and 12 a. m.. 40 Geary st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
CATHOLIC coachman and gardener, $15 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MAN for Indoor work, $12 per month and
found. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife as cook and butler, $50 per
month. MISS CULLEN. . 325 Sutter St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone. Grant 185
Restaurant head waiter, south, $65; restaur-
' ant headwalter, $50 ;• pantryman. $30. hotel;
cake and pie baker, hotel, no bread, $35;
kitchen hand; hotel, $30: night watchman,
$10; porter, $10. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. . \_
2 NEAT bellboys with references, for a large
country hotel, $15 and found and free fare;
call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
NEAT middle-aged barkeeper, country, $40 to
$45 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. .
COLORED waiter; $30 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
IRONER, country hotel, $30 and found and free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
SECOND cook, $40;. third cook, $30; 2 dish-
washers, $20 each, country hotel, see party
here S a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary.
FARMER and wife. $35; farmer and wife, $30;
milker, $20; ranch carpenter. $26 and board;
woodsmen, $1 50 to $2 25 a day: coal miners,
by the car; mine laborers, $1 50 a day. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ■ y
LABORERS for the new mountain railroad;
ship to-night. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5841
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY
2 woodchoppers, together, pine and redwood,
$1 cord
hostler, city, $25 and found
gardener, private, $25; cabinet maker
grafter, orchard, etc •••••'
12 orchard, vineyard and farm hands, $25, $20,
$15 •••••
To the woods and mountains
96 tiemakers, Be, 9c, 12c each 112 woodchopper*
. for different Jobs, $1 50 and $1 cord. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
6 WAITERS for different places, $25 and $20;
5 cooks for different places, $30 to $45. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— S more miners, $2 50 day, for first-
class mine; blacksmith for grading camp,
$54; blacksmith's helper, $1 day and board;
8 tiemakers, lie; cook and wife, small country
boarding house, $43; waiter for Nevada, $20,
and others. "Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
2 MACHINE miners, $3 a day; Italian milker.
$20; boy for butcher shop. $15 and found; far-
mer and wife, $25; chore boy on ranch, $10;
country blacksmith shop to rent. R. T.
WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
WANTED— man to work In private
family cleaning windows, help waiting, etc.;
country; $30. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
BONA fide agents wanted In every town and
city in United States to sell a new and quick-
selling article. Send 15c for sample and. full
particulars to the Buckingham Cigarette Rol-
ler Co., 636 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers; also good vest
operator; good wages and steady work. Apply
at 71S Market St.. S. N. WOOD & CO.
S TIN and sheetlron workers. TAYLOR, ■"*
ADAMS & PRITCHARD, 12 and 14 Market.
EXPERIENCED city salesman. ■ Brownstone
Wine Co.. 331 Ellis st.
GOOD home for an old man to mind a ranch
and take care of chickens. H. GOOD. Corbett
road.
WANTED— A good shoemaker for repairing at
27,-.:. Mission St. •
COMPETENT and steady barber. 315 Kearny
street. - ■•■'."
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 350
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED — cook; call before 8 a. m.
811 O'Farrell st. ;
3OOD pants presser wanted. 55 Third St.. old
No. 31. ■ ■- ■ .
YOUNG man with 4 or. 5 months' experience in
barber business. Call at this office.
BRIGHT young man to take orders • and de-
liver. Call afternoon, 621 San Pablo aye.,
Oakland. ' .
BOY In temperance grocery; state age, experi-
ence, salary, etc. Box 489, Call office.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from Me to $150; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
st., bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rlne Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become «uch; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Specialty salesman with experience
for quick-selling line of premium goods; lib- j
eral commission, with advance for expenses, A
to right man. Address drawer 675, Chicago. "^
A— CASHIER— Read ad in Business Chance*.
SYNDICATE OF MANUFACTURERS.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 2ao
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.V ' HELP WANTED— Continued^
■?r. "MEN to go on whaling cruise: no .experl-
. ; -ence required. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st.
'./WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Broad-
..'way and Devisadero st.
■ -BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
: ;- flee. J. SCHNEIDER. Act. Sec., 325 Grant ay.
: WANTED -Men to learn the barber trade for
',;• $3" at 1542 Market st.
JJEN and women to learn barber trade at S F
1 : - Barber College. 138^ Eighth st. .
.-WANTED Laborers • and mechanics to know
■': that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
•--. runs Denver House, 217 Third 5t. :.150 large
...rooms. 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
■■' •WANTED— Montana House, 7644 Mission
.. st:. men to take rooms. 10c, 100 and 25c per
• . -ntght: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
, SINGLE sunny furnished ■ rdom, $2 50 a month
. ; ..Efndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
. SEATTLE HOUSE! 106»4 ThTrd^Furnished
;' • rooms 250 to BOc day; $1 25 to $3 week.
: SiEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
'■ : £olelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
'.trNGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night: 75c $1
. to $2 60 per wk. Elcho House. 5634" Market st.
■SAILORS and ordinary seamen 'wanted at
; .-LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
• WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
■••■ 'clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
.-.•SINGLE, furnished, fine, large sunny and airy
■ • 'room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
: TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth.
-■• for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
. ket; 200 rooms. 25c night; r»adtng room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
: • AGENTS WANTED.
•".SALARY or commission paid to energetic men
■ or women: no experience necessary. Address j
• S. C. MILLER, Lakeside building, Chicago.
.• WE handle the latest books and specialties;
• .. we make money-making propositions to both
Indies and gentlemen; you send name and
•■ address; we do the rest. We want an agent
;in ever- county. WESTERN ADVHRTIS-
,; ■ ING COMPANY. 2739 Folsom St.. S. F.
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre; best
5Sc article on earth. BROWN. 332 Bush st. !
" FEW good men for light selling article. Sal-
: . ary or commission. 132 Geary st,
• 73E wise and tret In while the proposition is !
... : new and make grvod money. 11-.?I 1 -.? Seventh st.
\', . jSg PARTNERS WANTED.
;. PAINTER with =<->— cash: 3 months' orders
■. ; en hand. Call at 2137 Dwlght way, Berkeley;
I' ' -telephone Red 1112.
;, -PARTNER for oyster and chop house; very
-. . . r;.TsoraMc. Arrlv bet. 12 and 1. 2<VT Grant aye.
; V;ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
' IX.ADY wishes board in French family for pur-
M'"/P»se of learning language. Box 474. Call.
!•*- ■ ',-: WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
: ..-.\VANTED — Good 12x24 cylinder bed engine;
:  must be cheap., Box 452, Call.
■ ' CASH paid for boilers, engines, dynamos, shaft-
; '.; -■■ Ing., pulley, brass. SMITH CO.. SZ7 Mission.
\' : \i* ~~ MEDICAL .
';._■ SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
■' ; diseases: all those who are sick or discour-
;'. : aged should call on the doctor and state their
'"■": Case before going elsewhere: they will find in
'.- "her a true friend; a home for patients, with
■ -.c.very comfort, convenience of a hospital
> and "privacy of a hqme; consultation free and
•'. : '. absolutely confidential; satisfaction guaran-
■ v teed, without Injury to health, or money re-
:'•: funded by MRS. DR. GWTER, 610 Eddy st.,
: v : bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12.
;■ :2 to 4 and 7to ?: phone East 995; Sundays by
.'; ■• appointment only.
: ' : - A.: TREATMENT that restores Instantly ail
V 'cases of monthly irregularities (from what- ;
'•'■ ever .cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed ;
;.•• at "any time when others have failed: travel- •
• : ers helped Instantly and can return home the
',' ' same day; positively no instruments used;
.'■'•"Velf cure. $5: regulator, $1: home In conflne-
; : nw*it; -skillful medical attention; all can save
; ' ,-firn"e and expanse by consulting the doctor.
. -' -'fxe'e., before going elsewhere: hours. 10 to 5 and
■ -. Z tO .8." MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from
:■; " Turk to 916 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
..." ALL Ladle*— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
.''. : true' friends of all Invalids, men and women:
'.-, r.— -years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
'.•.\. anteed: any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
■> ' avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief.
■'. ■■ t-hriugh else fail: delicacy; privacy, home,
-• - -etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
.'"•"lay; self-cure sent; call or write: free: confl-
. : -■ deritial. MRS. M. DAVtES. 1228 Market at.;
;,''.• p!!!>. $1: very strong. $2.
'. -LAD.lES— Ch!ohester*s English Pennyroyal Pills
- -..(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
: ■ no. other: send 4c stamps for particulars:
•:' '■•Relief for Ladies": letter by return mail; at
»' -druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
■■A "NEW process for female trouble, no matter
••• : 'frofn what cause and how long standing:
■ : ."every woman .her own physician; can be sent
':■'.■■ safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
<•"".■•. tised; consultation free: traveling parties
.'-. >!heVped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
'■■'.-. teed; cure. $5: by the well-known specialists j
"■' : . and ladles' physicians for 37 years; see us.
■?■'. PR." POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
:'-A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
:■■..- : c{Lses of monthly irregularities from whatever
; . ■ -cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
'.,': B,nte*>d cure at office. $5: travelers helped In-
- '••B.tantly; home for patients separate from of-
.*• : fire;' consultation free and strictly confiden-
■.-••. -tlal: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
';. r.KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
'■ : A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
: : : i female specialist, relieves monthly irregularl-
''■ - ; tl:es. from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
' : •■tre.ated successfully more cases of ' —^ulari-
< : . -ifes than any other physician: never falls to
••■ .'cure- consult him first, pave time and money:
: ."treatment can be used at home: consultation
\ .-free.. Call or write. 102314 Market St.
■ 'AILMENT? peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
■i. -latest methods: strict antiseptic precautions;
.:• -Jad-ies near or far pee DRS. GOODWIN free:
■ '•: well -known; reliable, safe, and sure; cure in
"'■ -24 -hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
■■:- h.ome-- best medical attendance; pills. SI: pure
•":. jj.i 1352 Market st.. bet. 7th-Sth. tel. Mint 1633.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
': ' >Bt boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
'■' • : Ft ■ $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
;•*;. : -c__ Mfg. Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
i-'._R and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
•••• aye • private home in confinement, with every
?•• comfort: best care and attendance; terms
i ; ..;Tfioderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
lU*S French pills, a boon to ladies with
.:~::ffjmale troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50:
'•' "^pressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
-".'. '. QSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
V_£DiES— Cure guaranteed for monthly troubles;
1 ?$? up. T.R. and MRS. WISE, 1118 Market st.
f'"B____v"TJ_ Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
■:.;. Ing confinement. 727 Bellevue av..Lo3 Angeles.
'MRS "ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
.;|.;in -confinement. 156 Second st.: »M. Green ,52.
J! . LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
• '^A, FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS."
-' .60-room corner house; clears $300 $2,000
'■ 29-room house; clears J150.V 5->0
■::' '46 rooms; corner: clears $2»0 1,500
■ : 10 rooms; near City Hall; very R00d.... 400
•v .15 rooms; fine sunny corner: clears $100... 800
: . 12 rooms on Market; cxc. for large house. COO
. :K rooms; best cor. In city: owner sick.. 2.200
: 18 rooms; rent $50 (transient) : half cash.. LOW
:■ . FOR A HOUSE ANY - SIZE OR PRICE
v:. : call on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
'IS-ROOM house: clears $100 per month: owner
-; ' -%"k; price $350. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
••60- BOOM cor. house to exchange for Oakland or
V^Alameda property. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
'. A— KREDO _ CO. — 22 V4 Geary
';' Money advanced on all houses. j
' : "$4OCO— lO5 rooms; European hotel: rent $200;
"-.elegant modern house; clears $3000 yearly.
$2500—50 rooms; hotel; clears $250 a month;
•i'best in city; all full. ... .' . f
• • $1400—35 rooms; all new: cheap rent;, best
' transient in city; worth $2000. . .
•• : ' ,_ll rooms; O'Farrell; new.
' $.425—10 rooms; Post; cheap at $600.
. $'25—8 rooms; Leaven worth: nothing better.
' Many others. Call and get list. KREDO.
1900— ROOMS: central corner.
'-' ji^o-JC rooms; all filled, and paying.
• $3750—60 rooms; near our office.
... »" J ' i A u M. SPECK- CO., 667 Market Bt.
"t RTJOMS and bath: newly furnished; very de-
;? - feu-able location; selling very cheap, on arcount
kness. Applly_LEgS : Jg_MarkPt st.
•^■N'OTICE— lodging houses for sale cheap;
■part cash. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
■FDR- Rale on account of sickness— Furnished
• ', • tiQuse; 17 rooms: full. 633 and 691 Geary st.
: i<KTk>b_ lodging house, with fine upright
■ piano; $500; $300 cash, balance payments.
V- TV* 330. Call office. ■ ■
• 'NINE rooms-, all occupied; rent reasonable;
' ■•■se.jr cheap. 259 Stevenson st.
• :F-OR : sale— A lodging-house of 16 rooms, at
■.. . T2'i .'Sixth st. |
" ; S4s(i-=-12 ROOMS: sunny corner: low rent; clears
: ■' tig -monthly. 1129 Howard st.
••;■_ .: : ~ Lost.
; ?LOST— February 24. white skiff. '4' feet long 3%
•//beam, with bow and side fenders contain-
.}. Ing 4 oars. Finder please notify . 808
'.; : j:iiWEKT. Alvarado; reward. '
•LOST— Sunday afternoon, February 26. a soli-
:-*airj> diamond engagement ring: valued as a
••- keepsake: liberal reward. J. MURRAY, XX
•f "Market St.; 7 a. m. to 6 p, m.
' _6st — Brlndle pus. Liberal reward at /14a
"' -BiUti st. . ____
'•■=_6lnv-Small b%e and tan dog: $3 reward. Re-
. :'.' Vim t9 E. Haquettte's Palace of Art, 16 Post.
V." ••*: '.
BUSINESS CHANCES. •
ATTENTION, doctors; A private dis-
pensary and gallery of anatomy with museum
of wax figures; established many years; the
be3t paying In California: diseases of mon ex-
' clusively; re<.%lpts of 1893. $4UI; proprietor to
retlie to private life. Particulars WILKE &
UNFUG, Sob Market st. •
A— sl6oo; bLD established corner grocery .and
bar; 4 cfoors off Powell St.; clearing $150 per
month; rent $.00; return rent $SS; a splendid
offer; owner to take charge of his ranch.
__WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— CORNER grocery and bar on Market
Bt. ; 4 living rooms; old established and first-
class paying: all cash custom; a splendid
bargain. Particulars WILKE i: UNFUG. »06.
Market st. • ■
A— SSSO— CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location In Mission, with flat of 4 rooms:
rent $30; good paying business; partners to.
dissolve. Call WILKE &' UNFUG. 806 Markt.
$400— PORK and delicacy store, doing a
Bplendid business; living rooms; renf $12;
very best location in the ? Mission. Call
WILKK & UNFUG. 906 Market St.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar on Post st.
established years and doing a good cash store
and bar business; fullest investigation solic-
ited; owner to engage in commission busi-
ness. Call on WILKE & UNFUG, »0« Market. ,
A— s4oo; SALOON; kept by ' present owner 5
years and doing a good business: best loca-
. tion; close to. Montgomery and California sta.;
owner sick; must sacrifice. WILKE & UN-
FUG, 906 Market Bt. ' ■
A— s4oo; BARREL route clearing $75 per month;
horse, wagon, furniture; OK investment.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.
TO sell your business quick see us.
No charge till sale is made.
We have several good buyers. . •
— Manufacturing business. . •
Wanted— Boarding stable. •
Wanted— A small business.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
SALOON; $15 a day trade.
$400— Partner; mfg. business: $20 a week.
$200— Partner; mechanical business; $15 a week.
$600— Restaurant; $30 a day trade.
$600— Grocery and bar; fair trade.
WESTERN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st.
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to. plain,
steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week;
no experience required. Western Investment
Co.. 9 Geary st.
WE buy. sell or exchange business of any
kind. Apply National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$200— PARTNER wanted in old established
■ restaurant to attend cash counter, etc.: good
chance; steady man. Nat. Agency. 7 Grant.
CORENR saloon, near Sixth and Mar-
ket sts. ; best bargain in the city. National
Agency, 7 Grant aye.
i $250— PARTNER wanted; light business: no
night or Sunday work; good chance for a
I brainy man. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
i $450— GROCERY and bar; best part of Minna
st.; 3 good living rooms: rent $20; business
speaks for lteelf. M. LESS, 765 ; Market st.
$1400— CORNER grocery and bar; north of Mar-
. ket- at.; living rooms; more than value in
sight: bears Investigation. M. LESS & CO.,
765 Market St. .
$325— SALOON; midst of factories; furnished
living rooms; low rent: doing good steady
business. CLARK & CO., 509. Examiner bldg.
I FOR business chances, rooming houses, city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans
etc., call on CLARK _ CO.. room 509, Exam-
iner building^ "
$200— PARTNER wanted in a paying, legitimate
business: will pay to each $5 daily. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
I $500— HOTEL at a sacrifice; other bus. cause of
sale. MLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market.
TO buy. sell or exchange city and country
property see HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
$3200— WHOLESALE and retail wine and liquor
house; card,' billiard rooms; basement; safe
investment. HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
FOR this week we offer the following list of
i fine groceries, no bar: $3000. $2000, $1600. $1100,
$900, $700; with Bar: $5500, $4000. $1600. $1500,
$1000, $700. $400; saloons and liquor houses.
: $7500. $5000. $1600, $1508, $1400, $400. $250. etc.
THE GERMAN-AMERICAN, 112 Kearny St.
i WE buy, sell, exchange any business for cash;
I rare chances; investigate. 41 Third st.
PARTNER wanted; office business; Email capi-
tal required; investigate. Reliable Exchange,
41 Third St., room 5.
OLD established stationery and notion store;
good school trade; 3 fine sunny living rooms
and large yard; rent $20. Address box B, Call
! branch office, 357 Hayes st. .'
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO.,' 10OSH Market st.
$500— RESTAURANT for sale on account of
leaving city; a snap. 313 O'Farrell st.
$50— GOOD paying business fitted out complete
, for is of cost; must sell. 1325 Polk st. .. ,
BEER saloon for pale at half price with liv-
ing rooms. Apply 652 Sacramento st. 
TO lease— Kenllworth Inn: romantically situ-
ated in Mill Valley, 50 minutes' ride from S.
F. ; completely furnished; 40 rooms; steam
and hot water baths.; electric lights; heaters
throughout; elevators, etc.; rent low. Apoly
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market at. 7_
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange prop-
erty or business of any kind see JONES &
LAWN, 713 Market St., for square dealing.
COOKING without fuel; great Invention: mon-
ey, time and labor saver; county rights for
sale. 48 and 49 Chronicle bldg.
SALOON for sale. Inquire 102 Geary st. from
12 to 6 p. m. .
$4300— FOR cash only; for sale, one of the
best hotels In the city of Oakland; 60 sunny
front rooms: house full all the time: reason
for ■ selling, sickness »of the proprietor; or
would take a good partner with $3000 cash;
persons without money need not apply; no
agents for business. Address C. A. S. H.,
Call office, Oakland. •
$800— CORNER ■ grocery and' bar In Western
Addition; best cash trade. Apply 28 First
St.; no agents.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PURDY'S
brokerage office. 45 Sutter St.. opposite Oc-
cidental Hotel; the latest New York and
Chicago markets.
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$25- a day; eelllnc on account of ■ sickness.
Particulars at 600 Halght St. ; no agents.
■ FOR Rale — On account of leaving State, an old-
estahllFhed grocery business. Box 44", Call.
$450— FOR sale; restaurant ; present owner run-
ning over 10 years; a bargain. 108 Seventh st.
SALOON; good fixtures and stock: good busi-
ness location. 100 Folsom st., corner Spear.
HOTEL for rent, furnished. in manufacturing
town near city. WARD & CO., 610 Clay st.
WELL- PAYING bakery; store trade only; very
best location; cheap. Apply Call office.
FOR sale— O. K. barber shop; good business; I
chairs; cheap. 859 Howard 6t. J
CIGAR store for sale; cause of sale, other
business. 41 Fourth st.
COAL yard" for sale; no reasonable offer re-
! fused; at Sixth and Washington, Oakland.
GROCERY, wood, coal and feed business;
whole or separate: must De sold: cheap.
Northeast corner .Dolores and Valley ets.
GOOD paying city weekly for sale cheap; best
• of reasons for selling: profitable advertising
patronage. Address box 440, • Call office.
S7OO— RESTAURANT for sale; best location:
216 Main st.. Stockton; a bargain; come and
see for yourself.
RESTAURANT cheap. • Apply Call office.
FOR — Cheap: branch bakery and dairy
produce store: 4 living rooms; rent $15. Ap-
ply 707 Devisadero st. .
MODERN millinery store for sale- at a bargain;
in a thoroughly up to date town. Apply to
BUTLER, SCHUTZE & CO., 723 Market st.
FOR Sale — A bargain; first-class grocery stors
in Mission district: cash; about $1000. Apply
• st TILLMANN & BENDEL, 313-327 Battery.
COFFEE and tfea route* supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Bacraroento St.
HORSES.
MAMMOTH auction Bale of 100 head of broken
and unbroken horses, Monday, March 6. at
11 o'clock, at Emporium Saleayards. 220 Va-
lencia st. S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
40 HORSES, for sale; also wagon's,, buggiss.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket ' 227 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SET second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom at.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
- SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. J 145 Sixth; Phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
... FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST new moquette and body brussels car-
pets, 75 cents per yard. 3000 Californla'st.
'i ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
r-rr- PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, offlco
'and residence, 1021 ft Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1899.
PERSONALS.
ALL hills contracted by ANNIE BROTHER-
TON of 28 Mary st. will be paid by her, and
not by me. W. E. BROTHERTON.
MY wife having, left my bed and board, I will
not be responsible for any debts contracted
by her after February 28. H. LE BLANCH.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia Hair Tonic is driving ail j
other hair tonics out of the market; 35c bottle. (
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
IF yon want your hair dressed correctly, go to
LEDERER; price. 25c; hair rolls. 35c: good
switches. $1; fine, $2 50. LEDERER'S Foamo
Shampoo, 5c pkg. G. LEDERER. 133 Stocktn.
JOHN L BOONE, Patent, Trademark j
Attorney-at-Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
WRINKLES scientifically removed and busts
developed by the Harmonic Vibrator, that
wonderful Invention, at the HARMON IC
LIFE INSTITUTE. 236 Powell st. : tests free.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed: no electricity
or strong" medicines: treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
BATHS. 12V4c: 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 60; bedrm. sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought.
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWINi & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. Pit. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's:
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy • installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth. ■
A WEEK'S news .for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKER .
CHILDREN'S dresses made; fitted at their
homes. Address P.. 387 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up: dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, milli-
nery: patterns cut. McDowell Sen.. 103 Post.
~~~~ ' SPIRITUALISM.
aT_rS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader: medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases: diagnosis
free; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
I MRS HARLAND'S circle to-night; psycho-
metric readings; tests; 10c; business sittings
| daily. 120 Sixth St.
! C V. MILLER'S etherealizlng materializing
trumpet seance^S p. m. 25c. 403 Leaven-
| worth st. •■ ■ •
CIRCLE to-night: Thursday 2 p. m. ; 25 cents;
readings daily, $1. C. MAYO-STEERS, 112 Vi
Oak et. , "
MRS ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.;
Mon., 8; 25c: sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O' Fan-ell.
MRS. MENA- FRANCES, Independent slats
writing medium. 118 Halght st 1
CI__I_VOY_jKTS.
A— MRS DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In San Francisco at 10234 Market St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
■nd advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits; will
give correct information on law suits, sick-
ness, death divorces; absent friends, etc.
N. Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. CLARK. 10234 Mkt.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born -with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing: ladles, 50c: gents, $1; sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: 10c: ladies only.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
GYPSY life reader; tells nothing but truths;
all questions answered: 25c, 50c. 928 Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c 153V4 Eth, r. 21.
NINTH. 77— Your future told by cards; satis-
faction guaranteed; ladles 10c, gents 25c.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10. /
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c. .
M"ME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A read* life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
! MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: -ladle*. 914 O'FarreH «t
DICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St.; future
events, 50c: advice, all questions: satisfaction.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
malne, 3SBB Twenty-first St.. above Valencia;
tel. White 1571: reading by mall $1. -
~~ SUPERFLUOUS H AIR- • . ., . ~
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush St.; 15
years' experience: references given.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty: inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling, from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A FULL set of teeth.. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth Bt.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth; $5: crowns, $3; fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason ft., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4: filling, gold, SOc: silver. 25c: crowns. $3.
__________-————-—
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory, and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, . languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEO!^J236Ma___s_____
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey. assay, archlt. : day * ere. ;
«st. 1*64. VAN DER' NAILLEN, 933 Market.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc.; Prof. De FUlppe's
Academy of Languages. S2O Post; ablest profs.
PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 672 Parrott bldg.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce- law a specialty; private;
no fee without ■ success; collections. G. W.-
HOWE, atty-at-law, 860 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce law; costs advanced- in
good cases. ROSS, 1236 Market St., room 127.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free: no fees in advance;
_ . t storage:. —————.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post st., cor. Powell: tel. Main 3713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing, advances, etc. 735 Market: tel.. Black 311.
Miwiwa
DRYWASHERS for dry placer mining; $35 for
6-ton machine: any size made. GEORGE M.
BALBBURY. £21 X St., Sunset district.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— s2o- 7-ROOM house, few blocks from Palace,
at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market st.
AN offer wanted for lovely »-room house. 1304
Post fit., near Franklin. .
HOUSE and stable to let; reasonable to right
party. Inquire 820% Jessie St.. of! Ninth. •
HOUSE with 8. 16 or 24 rooms for rent. Apply
at 1153 Howard Bt.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
. WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery at. .
NICE dwelling; 672 Bryant st  near Fifth: 3
nice rooms; hallway; separate yard; rent $9.
pfrrt 206 House, 4 rooms, and yard; rent
$7 &£ ; waterjree. Apply to UMBSEN & CO.
VALENCIA, 1308— Sunny house of 7 rooms;
bath basement and garden: in perfect order;
$26 60. Owner, 1310 Valencia st.
VALLEY 18— Very Bunny house of 6 rooms;
garden and large yard. Owner. 1310 Valencia.
VALLEJO, 911—7 large sunny rooms; bath,
yard and cellar; low rent.
$700— REAR house. 4 rooms and cellar. 724V4
Howard at., near Third. . . . ■
"furnished HOUSESTOLKT.
FURNISHED houses to rent in Alameda; finely
furnished: 8 rooms; beautiful grounds; couple
will accept board with tenant or take couple
to board. Address box 450, Call office.
~~ .COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms; rear cottage, 3 rooms;
large stable and wagon fined; reasonable. 1562
Turk st. j_
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, rent $10; water free. 3381
Twenty-sixth St.. near Mission. -
GROVE 1617%, nr. Lyon— Cottage of 3 large
sunny rooms In rear; rent $7; G. G. Park.
$10 60— COTTAGE; 4 rooms; cellar; yard. 468
Linden aye.. near Hayes and Laguna sta.
«20 COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath, large basement,
yard. 2103 Webster St., near Sacramento.
. FLATS TO LET.
AN elegants-room flat; bath, laundry, sanitary
plumbing; sunny Bide. 71isA Bush st. .
ANTONIO 4E, off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell— s rms.; modern conveniences; new house.
BRODERICK. 1016, near Turk— modern 6
and 7 room flats.
CLAY. 1415 A. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde—
First-class sunny flat. 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.
CLEMENTINA, 164, off Third— 3 rooms, $8;
newly painted and papered; 4 rooms. $9.
CORNER flat. 4 rooms, bath and gas; 22d-st.
cars pass; rent $10. 3553 Twenty-fourth at.
FINE new modern flat, 5 rooms and bath;
latest appointments throughout: excellent
neighborhood; marine view. 1287 Clay at.,
near- Jones.
FELL 611— Flat of 4 rooms; bath; hot and cold
water; gas; yard and basement; $15 rent. Key
at 513 Fell st. ;
i FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window, bath; $12. 716
Natoma St., between Seventh and Eighth.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BAWD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery at.
FOLSOM, — 8 sunny rooms and baths; mod-
ern lmprovmnts.; suitable for 1 or 2 families.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 929— new upper, sunny,
modern flat, opposite Jefferson Square; 6
rooms and bath.
I GROVE, 642— Flat, 6 sunny rooms; bath; mod-
ern improvements; $23. .
HARRISON, 981— «-room flat, with bath; clean;
$22. • •
HAVES, 889, near Fillmore— Nice upper flat, 6
rooms and bath; good order; rent $17.
HOWARD, 1153. near Eighth— or 2 or 3 flats.
8 rooms each; separate or all together.
: HOWARD, 180.6— Double bay-window flat of 6
rooms; bath; rent cheap. s
HOWARD. 2006 A, near Sixteenth— 2 beautiful
furnished rooms for housekeeping; $8.
LIBERTY 221, near Dolores— Flat, 5 large
rooms;- bath; gas; tuba; rent only $15.
LOVELY new sunny flats: 6 and 4 rooms, bath,
wash trays; $12 and $14. 184 Preclta aye.. near
Mission st. ■
NATOMA 700 A —New 6 rooms, bath; corner;
bay-window. facing Eighth st. Owner. 144 2d.
OAK, 401 A lower flat of four clean rooms;
rent $1050. • .
STEINER, bet. Geary and O'Farrell— Elegant
new sunny flats: open to-day: 9-room, $47 50:
7-room, $37 60; also on same lot. facing Elliott
Park 6- room, $22 50; 4- room. $18: have porce-
lain tubs, basements and all modern Improve-
ments: water, scavenger and Janitor service
included. '
SILVER, 30, in rear— 3 large sunny. rooms: $7.
TO Elegantly furnished sunny flat of 8
rooms; facing Park panhandle. 220 Clayton
St.. corner Fell. '■ - ' '■ • .'■■■■-■
TWENTY-FOURTH, near Treat— Lower flat. 4
rooms, bath; large yard; cheap rent.
VERY pleasant sunny flat: low rent. 831 Gu«r-
rero at., near Twenty-first.
WALLER, 312—4 rooms and bath, basement and
yard. Inquire at 310%. ■
$7 50— LOWER flat of 4 . rooms. Apply 2643
Bryant aye.. near Twenty-fifth st.
$10-sll— 3 AND 5 rooms and bath. Apply 416
Capp st., near Twentieth. \
$12— NICE flat of 4. rooms. .14 Moss St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh, near Howard. ■
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BAKER 2110—3 sunny rooms and bath on
lower floor; furnished for housekeeping.
BIRCH aye., 617. between Laguna and Bu-
chanan— 2 rooms and kitchen: rent $6.
CLAY, Furnished and partly furnished
sunny pleasant rooms.
ELLIS. 330—2. small rooms in rear furnished
for housekeeping. j -
FIFTH 353— Clean, furnished, 2 parlors, kitch-
j en, bath. $}8; also 2. $12; and single, $4 up;
I private house. '. ■
FOLSOM. 863— A large sunny bedroom and ad-
joining kitchen; yard; $12.
j GOLDEN GATE. 402— Sunny flat, 4 rooms and
bath: complete: gas range, etc.; $30.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050— One or two large
sunny well furnished rooms and kitchen for
light housekeeping or for gentleman; gas
■stove and free telephone; private family.
GROVE. 131—1 furnished sunny room, for light
housekeeping If desired. --
HAVES. 348—4 rooms for housekeeping; fur-
nished or unfurnished. Call at 251 Ivy aye.
HOWARD, 1312— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; gas; very reasonable. Call mornings.
I JULIAN aye. .192. corner Sixteenth— furnished
housekeeping rooms, $10; other rooms.
LAGUNA, 603. cor. Hayes— Connecting sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping, clcset; $_.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— a rooms and
kitchen; unfurnished. . •
MASON, 501—2 or sunny furnished housckeep-
. Ing rooms; $12 up per, month.
MCALLISTER. 422— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping. • . - ' ■ ' •'
MINNA, 364—2 or 3 neatly furnlshed*housekeep-
ing rooms; also 'single; cheap. .
MINNA. — One large • sunny -furnished house-
keeping room; cheap rent. ' '
MISSION, €11—2 rooms' for housekeeping; nice
yard for children; $12. . -
MISSION. 1125%— Large front room, nicely -fur-
nished; good cookstove; cheap.
MISSION. 2133—2 pleasant rooms . and regular
kitchen connecting, furnished • complete;
, bath; $15. . . .
NINTH. 20, near Market— Front bay-window
suite. 2 sunny connecting rooms; stove;
water; gas; single. '
NINTH, 21— Sunny suite for light housekeep-
ing; stove and running water; also others.
OAK, 54— Furnished . sunny rooms;; light house-
keeping If desired; bath; gas.
OCTAVIA; 411, near Hayes— Large sunny single
room, $5; front, $4 50; light housekeeping If
desired. ; . - ■ "' -"•
O'FARRELL, 406%— 3 well-furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; rent $15. .
O'FARRELL. 2013—3 or 3 rooms complete for
■ housekeeping; -rent reasonable.
POWELL, 1401— Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing and single rooms; respectable and reason-
able. "'"■ ' ■ -- ■■
SIXTH. Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; light housekeeping & sing. ; rent reas.
SIXTEENTH, " 2902, corner Howard— 2 sunny
front rooms; furnished for housekeeping; $10.
SOUTH PARK. IS4— l. 2 or 3 Bunny front
rooms, nicely furnished for housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. '.. -. ..- -
TEHAMA, . 478. near Sixth— s sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms," $15. - -' / ' :
TENTH. 136, corner Minna— Sunny front room;
grate and running water; light housekeeping.
TWELFTH. 4_^N!ce!y furnished front room
and kltchejv^lO: also single.
VALENCIA. 1175— 3 nicely furnished house-
• keeping , rooms: bay-window ; sunny ; ■ bath.
VAN NESS. 620— Sunny . front rooms with
" kitchen and . gas stove; reasonable. ;-, . . .
VAN NESS. 940-:3 partly furnished housekeep-
; ing rooms; rent $18 per month. -..
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
A— SUTTER, - 717. 831— Sunny, choice, reason-
able; appreciated If seen; please investigate.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $150 ' to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50: night. 25c to 50c.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites.
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT. 1264 Market St.— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished.
EDDY, 207— Nicely . furnished sunny double
rooms, $7 upward; single, $5; gas; bath; quiet.
ELLIS, Two nicely furnished sunny rooms;
... reasonable; gentlemen preferred. . '
GEARY 36»_, The Clyde — Changed hands: front
rooms. $2 to $6 per week; 60c to $1 60 per day.
GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny rooms suitable for
housekeeping; also other rooms; bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— sunny rooms,, en suite and
single ; elevator; moderate rates; famine*.
GOLDEN GATE. Handsomely furnished
front room; running water; grate private
family; reasonable. ' • • ' >
HANCOCK • House, 7SI Mission— family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 7S4Vi, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week.
HOWARD, 859— Two nice sunny rooms in pri-
vate, family; $5 and $6 per month.
HOWARD, 1209— One bright front bedroom
and one large unfurnished; stationary wash-
stand; bath; hot* and cold water. __________
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front; nicely fur-
nlshed; 1 or 2 persons; $8. ■
LARKIN, 820}_C— Quiet, pleasant furnished
room; large closet; fireplace; private family.
LEAVENWORTH, 109— Sunny furnished front
alcove room, and others; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 617— Sunny furnished room
to let; $6. :
LEAVENWORTH, Parlor floor of 3 rooms
for doctor or man and wife. .
MARKET, 1122. bet. Mason and Taylor—
of 2 nice sunny front rooms; rent reasonable;
also single rooms. ■'-"■■' l's '
MARKET, 1839, near Guerrero— Front single
room or double parlors, with use or piano.
MCALLISTER, '408—3 unfurnished rooms, with,
gag, bath and yard; rent $10.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furpished
bay-window room. $1 per week: transient.
MINT aye., 26, N. side of Bright newly
furnished bedroom; private family.
MISSION, £39— Sunny kitchen and bedroom, $10;
large rooms, $2; single. $1.
MISSION, Large sunny room for 2, run-
ning water, grate, $10; single for $5.
NATOMA, 16— Single sunny unfurnished room
to let; upstairs; $2 50 a. month. __
NINTH. 150— A nice furnished room and use of
the bath, with German family.
OCTAVIA, 41S— or 3 furnished rooms, with
or without use of kitchen. ■
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
v ator: electric lights: da^. week or month.
O'FARRELL. 2SO (The Ei wood)— sunny
rooms; transient; quiet. ' '
O'FARRELL, 419 (flat 4)— Furnished room; use
. of kitchen; $10.
O'FARRELL, ■ ; 271— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; suites or single; reasonable.
PINE, 614 A, near Kearny— Nicely furnished
. sunny rooms; single or en suite: $5 up.
POST, 817— A front alcove room; also back
room, with running water. -
SACRAMENTO. 1012, near Powell— Sunny par-
lor and bedroom; double bed, bath, grate,
hot and cold water; private family; central
location; gentlemen; rent $20.
SEVENTH. Glrard House; sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping. ■
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 409. and 22 Mint aye.— Sunny
furnished front rooms, with grate, and others;
$1 up-
SUTTER, 823 A —Newly and elegantly furnished
front room. - ■ .
TAYLOR, Pleasant sunny rooms for gen-
tlemen. j
THIRD, 251 — Single sunny rooms for gentlemen,
$1 and up; private family.
THIRTEENTH, 418%, bet. Valencia and Guer-
Large sunny furnished bay-window
room, closet, running water;, excellent view;
cheap.
TURK 127— Bright parlor for dressmaking or
office'; light housekeeping: gas; new furniture.
TURK, 543— Nicely furnished sunny, room, gas,
bath." $1 50 per week. •
VALENCIA, 128. near Market— New, elegantly
furnished rooms, with or without board. in
private family.
VAN NESS, Sunny upper parlors; physi-
clan's family; no dogs or children.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first-class In every respect; table
unsurpassed: hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 month up.
FIRST 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
VAN NESS aye., 940-2 sunny rooms, with
board: no children: no sign.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
FOR adoption— Twin babies of good parentage.
Address box 490, Call. ' '
ONE or 2 children to board: German family;
nice sunny yard. 433 Minna st. '>
.•. , STORED TO LET. -/C?-
LARGE well lighted basement underneath the
German Methodist Church; suitable for a
kindergarten school or storeroom. Apply 86SB
Folsom st, :
HOWARD. 1922, bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth—
Fine store, counter, shelves and 3 living
rooms; sunny yard; rent reduced to $9 50.
SEVENTH. 4S— Store with 5 living rooms; rent
ch»ap. ' '
r~- OFFICES TO LET.
KEARNY Newly renovated . offices; en
suite nr single: front or rear: low rent.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A— B.\n nitflts, counters, shelving, showcases'
(all aise*>, office fixtures, cash registers,
scales coffee mills, etc.. bought and sold: es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission.
A 14- KARAT solid gold American lady's
watch for |14; cost $35 UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ay». , \
EINE set of tailor tools for sale cheap. Apply
726 Washington st. . " . ' ■ >-A*
FINE canary birls, males and females, cheap,
at 31*8 Sixteenth st. :■■-<' y-" ■*.-.. ,
FOR sale — A splendid opportunity: an old-es-
tabllshed branch bakery : and variety store;
over 12 years on tie same corner: will, on ac-
count of old age, sell at a sacrifice; more than
full value in sight. Call at 412 A Thirteenth
St., above Valencia. ■
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN7 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. ■
CHEAP small screw-cutting lathe; 1 portable
blacksmith forge; 1 sqr. shears- 648 Mission.
SINGER sewing machine; new style; good as
new; cheap. 19f5 Mission st. ■ ;
CAST Iron bath tubs, enameled: 6 ft. and 5H ft.
by 2 ft.; cheap. H. B. White. 616-20 Mission.
FIREPROOF safe for sale cheap at 42 Main
st., San Francisco. ■
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission St.: tel. Br. 331.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only). $15; will
lit phono or _-aphophohe. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— The Hermann Safa Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 106-111 Market. S. F.
CARPET CLEANING. ~~
rTTY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C H. STEVENS. M«r..
88 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250. . ,
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
. '453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned. at 3c per yard; ' laid at Sc
• STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944. ,
J E MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., !40 14th
"st. ; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; East 126. ■■.■■■•■■.-
T * A "*-> •• i i:k«i. __;:-- "I;,-
ALL typewriters sold j and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
; prices. ALEXANDER & C 0.,110 . ur.tgomery.
A HAMMOND, $225; Callsraph. Tort. $X;
g«t sample work. SCOTT, 233 Montgomery ■*•
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased ■ for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month.- SHERMAN. CLAY * CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and outter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. . ' . . ■_
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos,: organs ana
all other musical instruments of » all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: •very-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ■ . • ■. . .. .
A . FEW " gilt - edge bargains— walnut
case, upright, bargain: Knabe, good as new,
upright, rosewood: Chlckering. used ■ three
months, upright, mahogany: guaranteed five
years; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 O'Farrell at.
ABSOLUTE bargains in pianos, this week only;
Chickering, $75: Steinway. $127: Emerson,
$138; Kelso. $145; Spencer. $17";; Colby. $IX6:
Conover. $225! Steinway. $250. SPENCER'S
Piano Warerooms, . 1818 Market st.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day: please examine. 216 McAllister st.
THE best bargain in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms.
HALLETT & DAVIS upright; nearly new; best
offer takes It. -Room 10, Flood building. ■
GOOD Fischer up«?ght sacrificed -by lady
obliged to sell at once. Rm. 21, Flood bldgr.
FINE Steinway. Chickering. both uprights, at
a sacrifice. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.'
NEW pianos rented. $3 mo. Bcott-Curtaz Piano
Co. , Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments. $5 75 up:
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hal let & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best.. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please ycu, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
MULLER. ■ maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 pet year.
CITY REAI ESTATE.
MISSION ' COTTAGES
Four, 6, 6 and 8-room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth St., between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200; small cash payment:. bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold In same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
OWING to the pressure of business and the
necessity of a larger office. ! JACOB HEY-
MAN & SON will remove about March 1.
1899. to No. 19 Montgomery St.
$1600— COZY new 4- room bay-window house; 10-
-foot brick basement:. stable. 1439 Shotwell st.
COt.WTKY REAL ESTATE.
CHICKEN, bee and fruit ranch of 6 acres: one
of the best equipped in the State; 600 chick-
ens 200 ducks. 400 pigeons and 35 stands of
bees; large brooder-house, capacity 3000 chick-
■ ens; incubators, bone-cutter mill, hay-cutter,
cider-press, horse, wagon, buggy, farm • Ira- ,
plement!", tools, etc.; household furniture;
price $1750 for stock, improvements, etc. rent
$25. • J. H. READ. Dimond, Upper Frultvale.
Alameda County. -
$675— ACRES in Lakeport. Lake County; 10
acres bearing orchard; 3-rootn house, barn,
etc.: running water: bargain.
$2550— 350 acres. Lake County: 150 acres In
crop; abundance of wood and running water;
good house and barn; mostly fenced.
C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St., room 4.
SHASTA County farms for sale. L. L. M.
SAL9BURY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500.
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 . address THE
COT CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
A WEEKS news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. fl per year.
~ MONEY' TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; if you '
owe a balance on the purchase price we will,
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity see us first;"
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69. Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda .at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON an. 1017 to 1021 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14. .
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. Id
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st.: tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 100S% Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3. '
BORROW money on Indorsed payer or your
salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 3d & Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval^ low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ON pianos, furniture: Oakland: Alameda;
Berkeley. EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason st., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON. furniture, planoa. without removal: no com-
mission; private. . LICK. 118 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortf. :
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; -mortgages: advances on
warehouse, receipts. SALOMON, 328 Montgy..
MONEY to loan— Real estate. 2d mortg., chat-
telw. etc. Harper & Kr*-lg>»r. 312 Examiner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB • BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATB.
30 MINUTES from San Francisco; 3 minutes
from station: In attractive neighborhood;
new residence, 7 rooms; strictly modern; thor-
oughly constructed and finely finished: lot 42x
125; small payment and monthly installments
•can be arranged. HERON & HOLCOMB.
1050 Broadway. . .  ■
FOR sale or exchange for clt/ property— s2soo;
a fine 3-story houee on Eighth st., .West Oak-
land, containing 7 rooms and bath and store
and 3 rooms and hath: cottage .of 4 rooms In
rear: lot 26x15«. Apply to C. B. WINES. Real
Estate Agent. 1756 Seventh St., : West Oakland,
POBtofflce building. ■■ ■ •
850 AND upwards: a poor man's chance to se-
cure a home; located bet. Grove st. and San
Pablo «.ve. : within 10 to 15 minutes' walk to-
local trains:' convenient to school bouse and
postofflce: healthiest location In Oakland:
terms to suit Addres» at once R. ■J. MONT-
GOMERY. 470 Thirteenth »t.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURBISHED ROOMS.
2 FURNISHED rooms; separate entrance; very
pleasant surrounding!": near town. Inquire
73S Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh «t. See him.
FRUITY' ALE REAL ESTATE.
NEW 4-room cottage home: big lot: cheap:
easy terms: D. Pratt. Frultvale Station. THE
MCCARTHY CO.. &js Market St.. S. F.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE^ fj
DON'T draw your money out of banks and
deposit it in tin c_r.B in your yard: own a
•piece of the earth. We can sell you a slice.
40x135. on 80-foot street, and work all done,
for $550: only $20 down and $10 a month. O.
Q. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st.
MAaRIAGE'IiICENSES."
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Domenlco. Manina and Maria Tortorice 27-21
Josef Gleichweit and Augusta Branz 23-1S
Henry Sulton and Grace S. Paddont 32-41
Charles M, Luttrlnger and Isabelle Parker.2s-18
A. L. Ehrman and Mtna L. Schwabacher.. 2B-20
Willie L. Pearson and Mary C Bassford.. 32-28
Denis H. Stake and Anna L1ndbery........ 38-33
" BIRTBS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. -
BOBN.
BURKE— In this city, February 17, 1899, to the
wife of Walter D. Burke, a son.
MAIBEL— In Ocean View. February 14, 1599, to
tee wife of Charles Malsel. a daughter.
MITCHELL— In> this city.- February 2«, 1839, to
< the wife of G. E. Mitchell, a son.
MARRIED.
HOBRON— GETZ-^ln this city, January 18.
1809. by the Rev. J. N. Beard. S. Harris Hob-
ron and Catherine E. Getz, both of San Fran-
cisco. ■ .
~~~~~ ■ • .. ; DIED. '■' ~
Barry. Ellen . Heisi*. Charles
Bates, George A. Jagow. Otto C. ■ ,
Brunson. Miss M. M. Lawler. Margaret
Cook, Cosumnes P. Lindsay. John
Couralet, Miss J. McDonald John E.
Cochius. Otto - Riordan. John D.
Donaldson. Robert Rogers, David J.
Dietz, Katherine Vulicevich. Margaret
. Emery, Weston F. Wessel, ■ August
Farrell. William Wheeler. Arthur J.
Graham. Minnie E. Whitney. William M.
BARKY— In this city. February 27, "1899. Ellen,
beloved wife of Edward James Barry, and
mother of Mollle Nellie, Nettle and Llllie
Barry, Mrs. Rlley and the late Tillie Barry,
a native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged
43- years.
ETThe funeral will take place Thursday,
Marsh 2. at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 118 Chattanooga street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
strictly private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
BATES— In this city. February 26. 1899. George
A., beloved husband of Mary S. Bates, father
of Georsrie E. Bates, brother of William E.
and Louie Bates, and brother-in-law of Al-
fred A. and Edward F. Alcayajta and Mrs.
J. M. Ruiz, a native of Weymouth, Mass.,
aged 33 years. (Boston and New York papers
please copy.)
E7" Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street,
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ■ ■' ■r=
BRUNSON— In this city. February 18. 1899.
Miss Marguerite M.. beloved daughter of Mrs.
M. E. Brunson of Wellington, Kans., a na-
tive of Kansas, aped 28 years.
CTRemains to be forwarded to . Wellington,
Kans.. for Interment, from the parlors or
H. F Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. - • " n
COOK— At Bowlder Creek, February IS. 1899,
Cosumnes Perry Cook.
COURALET— In this city, February 25, 1599,
Miss Jeanne Couralet, beloved sister of Jean
and Julian Couralet, and cousin of Jean and
Jean Baptiste Couralet. Jean and Pierre
Couhape, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Gelstner and
Miss Marie Pedecuyeux, a native of France,
aged 39 years and 3 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to Notre Dame dcs Vlctolres Church,
where services will be held, commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland. •
COCHIUS— In Oakland, February 26. 1899, Otto
beloved .husband of . Pauline Cochius. and
father of Ludwig Cochius and :'rs. William
Wehr. a native of Germany, aged 66 years
and 10 months. A member of Eureka Lodge
No. 6. O. d H. 8. - - : V;
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
•(TueSday). at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Crescent street, near Perry. Oakland
Heights, Oakland. Interment Mountain \ lew
Cemetery. .■ -
DONALDSON— In this city. February 24. 1899,
Robert Donaldson, beloved brother of James
Donaldson, a native of Ireland, aged 36 years
1 month and 6 days. A member of Osceola
Tribe No. 71, I. O. R. M. .
(E7"Friends< and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 cloak, from the parlors or
H F Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DIETZ— In this city. February 25, 1899. Katn-
erina. beloved wife of Philip Dletz. and
mother of Mrs. A. Dunker. a native of Ger-
many, aged 58 years and 3 months.
CTFriehds and acquaintances are respect-
fully -invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 10 o'clock, from the parlors oi
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Crematory- -
EMERY— In Alvarado. February 26. 1889. "*>«•-
ton F beloved husband of j.-iantha F. Em-
ery -and father of Ormon J., Guy C. Blanche
Richmond. Lara. Roy, Inez, Barbara and
Aldyth Emery, a native of Maine, aged o9
: years 9 months and 24 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from L O. O. F.
Hall, Alvarado. £ f ;
FARRELL-In the City and County Hospital,
February 27. 1899, William Farrell. a native
of Ireland, aged 60 years.
GRAHAM-In Oakland. February 27. 1899 Min-
nie E.. wife of J. F. Graham, a native of
Michigan, aged 36 years 6 months and la
days.
HEISIG— In . this city, February 25. 1899,
Charles Helsigr, beloved father of Gertrude
Heisig a native of Germany, aged 5o years
and 7 months. A member of Harmony Lodge
No. 9, A. O. U. W. ; Harmony Lodge No. 15,
K. of P.. and Engineers' Association.
C7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, . from Alcazar
building, O' Farrell street. Interment I. O.
O F Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission ' street, near
Eighth. „
A. O. U. W— Harmony Lodge No. 9. A. O. _L.
W. : Officers and members will assemble this
day (Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock. ■ at Alcazar
building. 120 O'Farrell- street, to attend the
funeral of our deceased brother, Charles Hel-
Big8 ig JULIUS THIERBACK. M. W.
D. McSWEENEY, Recorder.
JAGOW— In this city, February 27, 1899. Otto
C dearly beloved son of Hen-man and Louise
Jagow, and brother of Lena and Herbert
. Jagow. a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 8 months and 18 days.
LAWLER— In this city. February 26. 1899, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of David Lawler. mother
cf David- A. Lawler, and sister of Mrs. E. J.
Douglas, a. native of the city of Waterford.
Ireland, aged 65 years. .
ICT-The funeral will take Mace this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister, 1415 Vermont street,
thence' to Mission Dolores Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment private, Mount Calvary
Cemetery- ■?:• ' _^ ■
LINDSAY— In this city. February 25. 1899.
John, beloved husband of the late Bridget
Lindsay • and father of William. John and
.loseDh Lindsay, Mrs. Joseph Penderpst,
. Mrs" Rose Crelghton and Mrs. Daniel Scul-
lln a native of Ireland, aged 67 years. ,
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 824 Florida, street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. -^:;v ' „ , 08 .
McDONALD— this city. February 20, 1899,
John Edward, beloved husband of Carolina
McDonald, father of Daniel. Elizabeth. John.
. Jessie. Archie. Carrie and Charles McDon-
ald and Mrs. George B. Glllln. and grand-
father of George B. Glllln. a native of Cape
Breton, Nova Scot,ia, aged 62 years 7 months
and 10 days. -
IDrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 117 Fourteenth street, between Folsotn
and Shotwell, thence to St. Charles Church,
corner of Eighteenth and Shotwell streets
where a high requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RIORDAN-In this city. February 27. 1899.
John D . son of Mary A. and the late Rich-
• ard Riordan. and brother of Richard R. and
Virginia Riordan. a native of San Francisco.
a? CTFrtendrare respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday) at
10:30 o'clock, from the residence of his mother.
610 Eddy street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 11
o'clock Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
ROGERS— In this city. February 26 1899, D»-
vldJohn^, beloved husband of Annie Rogers,
and father of Adele and Olive Rogers, a na-
tive of Nova .Scotia aged 38 years. A mem-
ber of Golden Gate Camp No. «4. W. O. W.
CTFriends and acquaintances and neigh-
bora of woodcraft are respectfully Invited
to"ttend the funeral this day (Tuesday),
at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of A. W. Mar-
tin & Co.. lIS Geary street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. , < ,
GOLDEN GATE CAMP NO. 64. WOODMEN
of the. World-Members are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our neighbor. D. J.
Tioirers this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock,
from the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 118
Gear 8 j WETNERT, Consul Commander.
D. OLIVER JR.. Clerk.
VULICEVICH-Iri this city, February 27, 1899,
Margaret £. beloved wife of Marco S. uli-
cevich. a native of County Westmeath. Ire-
<r7FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
I residence. 414 Hyde street, thence to St.
' Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing: at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WESSEL— In Alameda, at 8517 Santa Clara
avenue August Wessel. brother of Catherine
Brown and uncle of Mrs. Oswald Lubbock
and John Santine, a native of Germany, aged
69 years- , .
ICTFriends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tue«da.y), at 11 o'clock, from the .funeral
parlors of James Fowler, 1524 Park street,
Alameda. Interment private.
WHEELER— In Waterman, February 26, 1899,
Arthur J.. only and beloved son of the late
- Jacob and Jessie G. Wheeler, and grandson
of Joseph and Jane Weed, a native of San
Francisco, aged 18 years and 4 months.
WHITNEY— In I this city. February 26. 1899.
William M. McKay, son of William and Al-
mira McK. Whitney, and brother of Irving
and Dudley I. Whitney, a native of San Fran-
cisco*, aged 19. years 1 months and 13 days.
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the : funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at his
late residence, 850 Van Ness avenue. Inter-
ment .private. ..■-■■• ' . .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. )' r
' (Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBMt
' 20 Fifth st. . opposite • Lincoln ' SchooL
i Telephone South SO.
1112
MURDERS HIS
PARTNER IN A
TRIVIAL ROW
Bloody Crime on Lar
kin Street.
S. BRANCOLI THE VICTIM
HE IS SHOT TWICE BY DANIEL
SCATENA.
The Police Believe That a Woman
Was the Cause of the Tragedy.
Statement of the Pris
oner.
As the result of a trivial dispute Daniel
Scatona. aged 24 years, last evening shot
and killed S. Brancoli, aped 26 years.
The men were partners in a ffuil store
at SU Larkin street. After the shooting
Bcatena sought to evade the police by
barricading himself in a room in the rear
of the fruit store. Police Officer Daniel
Lyons, on learning that Scatena was in
the store, proceeded to arrest him. Find-
Ing the door of the room in which he had
taken refuge was securely fastened Lyons
forced it open. Scatena was found
crouched in a corner, his hand resting on
his revolver. Dashing into the room the j
police officer seized the murderer and
quickly (iisarmfrt him. He was then
handcuffed and taken to the City Prison,
■where he was charged with murder.
According to Scatfna's- story he was
Standing In front of the fruit store when
two hoys passed by, one of whom was
whistling. In a few minutes Branooli
emerged from the lodginp house adjoin
ing the fruit store, and accosting Scatena
demanded to. know if he wanted him.
"What do you mean?" inquired Scatena.
"Didn't you whistle for me?" asked
Brancoli. his fare assuming an angry ex-
pression.
Scatena attempted to explain that the
whistling was done by the two boys who
had psP F '"' f l the store, and advised his
partner to return to the lodging house.
"You are 100 fresh, anyway," retorted
Brancoli: "one of us must die to-night."
Bcatena claims that Brancoli at this
juncture shook his fist under his nose and
dared him to fight. As he started to walk
away Scattna declares that Brancoli
placed his hand in his hip pocket, and,
thinking he was about to draw a revolv
WILL JACKSON
APPOINT THE
BUREAU CHIEF?
Meredith's Dismissal
Expected To- Day.
Collector Jackson said yesterday that
the letter sent from Washington last
Thursday or Friday, ordering the dismis
sal of Chinese Bureau Chief Meredith,
POSTTJM CEREAL.
Professor
George
Dawson,
Instructor of Boxing,
Chicago Athletic Ass'n
Says : —
"I almost Invariably find the first
thing which I have to. ask a new pupil
to do, is to leave off coffee. For an ex-
ercise that requires the endurance that
boxing does, it is about the worst thing
a man can drink as it makes him short
winded. Many of my pupils use the
Postum Cereal and are very much ben-
efited by it. It seems to make them
stronger and gives them greater en-
durance."
If coffee is an injury to the healthy,
ptrong, athletic, how much more must
it impair the system of the ordinary
Individual.
If Postum Cereal Food Coffee -makes
the healthy athlete stronger and gives
him greater endurance, would it not be
a benefit to you?
Postum can be assimilated by the
weakest stomach. It builds flesh, mus-
cle and strength. Try it-
Grocers sell it. '
er or knife, he whipped out his pistol and
fired three shots at him, two of which
took effect. The third bullet Passed over
his head, and as Scatena again raised the
smoking revolver the wounded man ran
along Larkin street, and when near
Geary he fell. Several citizens who were
passing at the time picked him up and
carried him to the nearest drug store
A«i he was still breathing, the amou
la£ee was^sent for and the unfortunate
man was hurriedly driven to the Receiv
ing Hospital. After being Plaf^ ° n the
operating table he breathed his last.
An examination of the body by Assist
ant Police Surgeon Torney showed that
one of the bullets had taken effect in the
right shoulder, passed down and penetrat
ed the lung. The other pierced the left
side and it is supposed entered the heart.
According to the police, the shooting
was due to an attempt of Scatena to win
the affections of the Promised wife i of
Brancoli. Her namejs Blanche Hamilton
and she Is employed as a domestic at 6.1
Eddy street. She met Brancoli several
months ago and he became infatuated
a brief courtship she consented to
Frequently it Is claimed, the woman
visited the fruit store to see the object of
her inflections. Scatena, it is said, also
fell In love with her, and when his part
ner learned that he was trying to sup
plant him In her affections he swore
vengeance. A few days ago the men had
a quarrel over the woman, which result
ed in Brancoli getting the worst of it.
Scatena claims that Brancoli was jealous
of his attentions to the fair Blanche, and
was anxious for a chance to kill him.
When seen shortly after the shooting
Miss Hamilton, who is an attractive
young woman, said she was engaged to
be married to Brancoli. Amid tears she
recounted how she had met him and fell
desperately in love with him. According
to her statement, they were to be mar
ried in a short' time, the date of which
had not been set. She vigorously denied
that she was smitten with the man who
had killed her intended husband.
"It is true I frequently visited the fruit
store," she tearfully remarked, "but I did
not go to see Scatena. He always treated
me with the respect due a woman who
was engaged to his partner. Brancoli, in
my estimation, would not harm anybody,
and as his relations with Scatena were
extremely friendly I am at a loss to ac
count for the tragedy."
The police have the names of several
witnesses who corroborate Scatena's
statement that Brancoli shook his fist un
der his nose and then made a move for his
hip pocket as if to draw a weapon.
had not yet arrived, but that he expected
it to-day. He had no idea as to the iden
tity of Meredith's successor, hut he in
clined to the belief that the appointment
lay with himself.
Persons who have watched bureau mat
ters closely during the past two years
believe the Collector has no foundation
for his belief, and that a man will be
sent from Washington to tako charge of
the bureau, or that some man from San
Francisco will be appointed by the Sec
retary of the Treasury.
They instance the appointment of Dr.
Gardiner as Chinese Inspector by the
Secretary, and the fact that both Mere
dith and Jackson regard Gardiner with
unfriendly eyes. The elevation of Dr.
Gardiner from the position of interpreter
to that of inspector was made in antag
onism to the wishes of Jackson, Mere
dith and the majority of the Chinese
landing lawyers who are never tired of
singing the psalm, "L,aus Meredithi." It
is argued that if the Secretary of the
Treasury went so far as to take out of
the Collector's hands the appointment of
a subordinate in the bureau it is reason
able to infer that the same method will
be pursued in the appointment of the
chief.
Dr. Gardiner says he is not a candi
date for the position, and would not ac
cept it even if it were tendered him. He
prefers to remain on the outside to watch
the coolie brokers and slave importers
and thwart their nefarious plans. In the
meantime the coolie brokers areblanning
an attack upon the doctor. They are
preparing to accuse him of dishonesty,
bribe taking and other offenses, just as
they did in Tacoma when the doctor clev
erly succeeded in exposing the conspiracy
and confounding the bribers and the ras
cals.
Dr. Gardiner is a thorn in the side of
the perjured scoundrels and their white
allies who deal in Chinese slaves. The
Government owes to him and to Inspec
tor Lynch the exposure of many irregu
larities indicating corruption during the
administration of Chief Meredith. Until
they shall have been removed, the way
of the coolie brokers and the white crim
inals in their employment will be diffi
cult indeed.
J. J. Coffey Disbarred.
John J. Coffey, commonly called "Black
Jack" by the lawyers of this city, will
have to hunt up another means of mak
ing a living, for the Supreme Court has
revoked his license to practice the legal
profession .hereafter. The charge upon
which he was disbarred was extortion
Coffey swore out a warrant for the ar
rest of a man and instead of having the
police serve the document and arrest the
accused, Coffey told the man that unless
he paid a certain sum of money the war
rant would be served. The intended vic
tim declined to be blackmailed in such a
manner and was arrested. At the trial
the facts came to light and finally result
ed in Coffey being obliged to take down
his shingle.
A Neglectful Parent.
Three small boys, sons of "Walter Birch,
Potrero avenue, were convicted by act
ing Police Judge Barry yesterday of
stealing a lot of brass pipe from the
Chemical Works at Utah and AJameda
streets and were sent to the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society. The boys testified
that their father did not take care of
them and even refused to feed and clothe
them, and a warrant was issued for the
arrest of the father on the charge of
failure to provide. Yet Sen, who keeps
a Chinese junk store on Sixth street, near
Brannan, was also arrested yesterday by
Policeman ODea on the charge of re
ceiving stolen goods, as the boys said
4hey sold the stolen brass pipe to him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESPAT, FEBRUARY 28, 1899.
NORTHWESTER
BRINGS DEEP
WATER SHIPS
The Mermaid Makes
a Good Catch.
RUSH DOCKED FOR REPAIRS
REVENUE CUTTER DAMAGED
MORE THAN EXPECTED.
Captains Stockfleth and Th wing. Will
Go to Law — Foolhardy Act of
Mate Thomas Macintosh
of the Eureka.
A Btrong northwest breeze brought quite
a fleet of coasters In yesterday. Among
them were the ships Sintram, five days
from Clallam Bay; Glory cf the Seas, six
days from Comox, and W. H. Mary, six
days from Departure Bay. It was nip
and tuck between the three all the way
down. It took the Glory of the Seas and
W. H. Macy a day to tow from Comox
and Departure Bay to Clallam Bay, so
that all three started even. They carried
a fair wind all the way down the coast,
and came In almost in a bunch.
Two more— the Wilna and St. Nicholas—
came along later In the afternoon, making
five big coasters that made fast runs from
the Sound.
The steamer Czarina arrived from Pu
get Sound, and Captain Seaman reports
having spoken the sealing schooner Mer
maid. This was on February 25, in lati
tude 44 north, longitude 124 25 west. The
captain- of the sealer reported having
taken 720 skins.
The revenue cutter Rush was much
more badly damaged from her collision
with the British ship Crown of India than
was at first supposed. She lost her bow
sprit and the stem was so badly shattered
that the cutter will have to go on the dry
, dock to have a ndw one put in. The Crown
■ of India's bulwarks on the port side were
• smashed in and the standing rigging con-
Biderably damaged. "The Rush must be
a wonderfully Btrong boat," said Captain
Cirkhill of the Crown of India yesterday.
"I didn't imagine that a little thing like
her drifting oown on me could do any
damage to my ship. But she did, and did
it with less damage to herself than one
would think. A couple of days' work will
repair my damages. ' ",_-.,.
The trouble between Captain Stockfieth
of the steamer Crescent City and Captain
Thwing of the 6teamer Sequoia is not yet
settled. Both steamers arrived In port
with loads of lumber for the British ship
City ot York. As the Crescent City was
going aJongside the ship the Sequoia came
along and nosed the Crescent City out into
the bay. Btockflpth was not to be beaten,
however, so he brought his vessel back to
the City of York, and sending his crew
aboard cut the lines of the Sequoia, He
then nosed that vessel out into the bay
nnd took her place, taking care, however,
to place a guard over his lines so that
the Sequoia's men could not cut them.
Now Captain Thwing has placed the mat
! ter in the hands of nis attorneys, and he
; will, if he can, make the captain of the
: < 'rfsoent City or her owners pay for his
; mined hawsers and the day lost by not
j being able to discharge. There is a niro
I little legal battle in store for Captain
GUTTE HAS FRESH TROUBLE
WITH HIS "HOODOO" YACHT
Benicia Tradespeople Victimized by Boatkeeper
McEntyre.
/COMMODORE GUTTE'S ill fated
yacht Chispa is justly entitled to th«
distinction of being the most pro
*"-*^ nounced "hoodoo" craft that ever
cleaved the placid waters of the bay. The
latest incident that has attracted atten
tion to the Chispa, and Incidentally the
attention of the police to Dave McEntyre,
who until last Saturday had charge of the
yacht, happened at Benicia, much to the
regret of the liquor dealers, grocery men
and livery stable proprietors of the lit
tle town.
Commodore Gutte has been extremely
unfortunate In his selection of men to
handle his yacht. When he hired McEn
tyre two month ago he thought he had
discovered a model boatman. But the
commodore was doomed to disappoint
ment, for McEntyre developed into the
slickest confidence operator who ever at
tempted to sell a gold brick.
During the early part of last week Mc-
Entyre suggested to the commodore that
it would be a good idea to send the Chispa
to Turner's shipyard, off Benicia, to be
thoroughly overhauled. The yacht need
ed a little trimming, so Mr. Gutte placed
McEntyre In charge of the yacht and sent
her up to the burg.
As soon as the Chispa arrived off Beni
cia the people of that town flocked to the
Stockfleth on his return from Crescent
Thomas Macintosh, late mate of the
schooner Eureka, did a foolhardy thing
yesterday. He borrowed a small, leaky
skiff from a 'friend and started out wjtn
his wife and five children to visit the
battle ship lowa. Once clear of the
wharves the wind and the tide took com
mand of the frail craft and swept It down
the bay. In a few minutes the woman
and children were wet to the skin with
the driving spray, and Macintosh began
to think he had gone on his last cruise.
Luckily the men on the British ship Gen
eral Roberts beard their cries for as
sistance, and lowering the ship s gig
brought them alongside. They were taken
aboard and cared for until Tommy Crow
ley, the boatman, came out with the
captain, when he took them ashore. The
skiff was taken aboard the General Rob
erta and Macintosh will go after it when
the bay is calm and there is no danger of
swamping 1 . _' TT
The bark Diamond Head sailed for Ho
nolulu yesterday with a large cargo and
thirty-three head of cattle. On deck she
carried a handsome patrol wagon for the
police force at Honolulu. . ■___
The transports Valencia and Portland
went from Harrison street to Folsom
street wharf yesterday and will at once
begin loading for Manila. The Cone
maugh was moved to Harrison street,
where she will be made ready for the
load of mules that she is to take to the
Philippines. A big gang of men is at
work on the steamer Zealandia. She got
a great battering during her Tun from
Manila. A board of survey went over
her yesterday and it will decide what
repairs are necessary before the vessel
goes out again.
NO TERMINAL AT TIBURON.
California Northwestern Will Not
Combine With the Vanderbilts.
The rumors to the effect that Tiburon
i is to be made the terminal of a transcon
! tinental road are authoritatively denied
I by President A. W. Foster of the San
| Francisco and North Pacific Railway, now
i leased by the California Northwestern
road.
'These rumors." said Mr. Foster, "are
i brought up periodically, but there is do
! truth in them. Our company has lately
been making improvements at Tiburon.
Surveys of the yard have been made and
! measurements of the buildings taken, but
| the work was for the Northwestern Com
pany. There is absolutely no thought of
consolidation with any other company."
When the account was recently tel
egraphed from the East that the Van
, derbilts would build a lino from Ogden
to San Francisco to compete with the
! Southern Pacific it was said that a union
j would be> effected with the California
i Northwestern in order to gain Tiburon
| for a terminal, but according to Mr. Fos
i ter there is no foundation whatever for
' the rumor.
Bunko Men Escape.
When the case of Peter Tracey and
John Russell, bunko men, charged with
grand larceny in swindling Hermann V.
Grueningen of Three Rivers, Tulafe Coun
ty out of. $73 at studhorse poker, was
called in Judge Graham's court yesterday
(irueningen failed to appear. The case
was continued until to-morrow and a
bench warrant was issued for Gruenin
gen's arrest. It was later found that he
had been induced to leave the city yes
terday morning, and the probability Is
that friends of the defendants returned
his money.
Pioneer Council, Y. M. I.
Pioneer Council. Y. M. L, will give Its
third annual lecture at Metropolitan Hall
this evening. The following Is the pro
gramme:
Overture, Professor Sigismondo Martinez: In
troductory, Ste.phPn L.. Sullivan, president ii>
neer Council; volial solo. Frank W. Thompson;
Instrumental duet. Professor S. Martinez and
R. l^araja: soprano solo. Miss Daisy V. Keane;
lecture. "Uncle Sam on T-.and and Sea." Hon.
Irving M. Scott; recitation, "'The Race of the
Oregon," Thomas \V. Mickey; chorus, "The
Battle Hymn of the Republic."
Caution to the Public.
I The public is hereby cautioned to beware of
I certain CTllnese firms In thf downtown business
district, and In Chinatown, who are infringing
i r.n our firm name. They are employing trad*
'names so similar to that of our firm, which
was established In 1566, as to deceive the un
wary. Plnsr. Fat & Co., 614 Dupont street, next
to St. Mary's Church. •
wharf to see the trim craft, whose decks
and cabins reek with the history of two
tragedies.
McEntyre was not slow in going ashore,
where he introduced himself as the now
captain of the Chispa- He carried with
him a buckskin bag that fairly bulged
with coin. Not coin bearing the good old
stamp of Uncle Sam's mints, but souve
nir pieces from all nations on the face of
the earth, which Commodore Gutte had
spent years in collecting. McEntyre
watked into the store of a liquor merchant
with his sack of coin, and introducing
himself as the captain of the Chispa,
asked leave to stow the basr in the mer
chant's safe. The merchant thought the
bag- contained thousands of dollars, and
he advised McEntyre to deposit it in the
bank. The latter left the store and pre
tended to go to the bank and deposit the
bag. He returned a few minutes later
and told the merchant that if he would
meet city prices he (McEntyre) would
give him a large order. The merchant
rubbed his- hands in glee as he informed
the smooth pretender that he would un
dersell the city dealers. McEntyre then
gave him an order for champagne, liquor
and cigars that amounted to $263. The
goods were sent to the Chispa, and Mc-
Entyre told the merchant to wait a few
days and Mr. Gutte would be in town to
settle with him.
McEntyre invited a large number of
townspeople to visit the yacht to partake
EARNS TWO SALARIES,
BUT THE CITY SUFFERS
SILAS A. GUNST, With the. Aid of Brother Mose, Uses the
Municipality's Time for His Own Gain.
GREAT Is the pull of a Police Commissioner, particularly when that Commis
sioner's name is Moses A. Ounst.
An ordinary man has difficulty in securing a single position for himself
nowadays, but the Honorable Police Commissioner, M. A. Ounst. has no
trouble in keeping: his brother Silas in two fat jobs. One of these Is in the Justice
Clerk's office, which, being a municipal billet, of course, gives him ample liberty
to hold down the second position, his main duty being to draw his salary of $100 a
month from the City Treasurer.
The second position, while a llttla more arduous, is In keeping with the
sporting proclivities of the Gunst Commissioner, and demands at leapt four hours
of his time a day in marking tickets for one of the bookmakers at the local race
tracks.
According to a friend of Brother Silas, the latter finds the money he
draws from the city insufficient to support his family in a style equal to that of
his illustrious brother. He therefore lays aside his clerical duties promptly at 1
o'clock each day and hies himself to the race track, where he draws a second sal
ary.
Before the Police Commissioner's eifrar store under the Baldwin was closed
by fire Silas devoted "his evenings to looking after his brother's Interests there.
T'p to that time he remained at his post throughout the day and on the first
of each month drew his pay with a clear conscience. Nowadays he visits the Just
ices' Clerk's office for a few hours each morning, glances over his mall and cashes
his "demand" with a broker, for the needs of his family are great.
There are hundreds of young men in this city who would be only too glad to
have the opportunity of holding either position, but unfortunately they have no
brother who is an ajl-round sport and commission man, as well as a Police Com
mlgstoner, to look after their welfare.
of his hospitality. Wine flowed like wa
ter, and McEntyre was voted the best
captain on the bay. Every night the- lit
tle circle which McEntyre had gathered
around him visited the yacht and morning
found them lying stupidly drunk on the
decks and cabin floors of the Chispa. In
the daytime McEntyre took his favorites
out driving. He taught the livery stable
men how to write his name, and in a fen
days succeeded in running a bill of $51
and several horses to death.
On Saturday last the • merchants who
had furnished McEntyre with everything
he desired became suspicious and they
telephoned to Commodore Gutte's office
In this city. McEntyre got wind of this
and decided to leave town. He packed
several cases of champagne into a wagon,
took it over to Port Costa, where he sold
them to a saloon-keeper for $50.
He then continued up the road, and It
is not likely that he will ever return to
Benicia unless brought back by the Con
stable.
McEntyre relieved Commodore Gutte of
several valuable trinkets which he aiways
kept aboard the yacht, and when seen last
night the Commodore stated that he
would report his loss to Chief Lees. The
commodore Is convinced that a "hoodoo"
flits about the Chispa, and he is looking
for a man to take charge of her who has
the reputation of being a spook exter
minator.
SULLIVAN AND
JAKE KILRAIN
AT BLANKEN'S
The Heavy- Weights
Visited Lavigne.
JOHN LWATCHEDTHE BAG FLY
SURPRISED AT THE "KID'S"
SPEED AND POWER.
The Ex-Champion Said That the Com
ing Battle Would Be a Corker,
and Then Demolished a
Sack of Clams.
John L. Sullivan and his old-time oppo
nent, Jake Kllrain, visited George ("Kid")
I-avigne at his training station, the Six
mile House, yesterday.
Sullivan Is of the opinion that Lavigne
Is the greatest little man of his Inches
in the world, and when he saw him
smash the bag and fling his athletic
trainer, Arthur Walker, around the mat
as if he was a bantam, the big fellow
said: "Well, I can't see what those al
leged sporting oracles In the East can
be thinking of when they state in the
papers they write for fhat the 'Kid' is
a 'dead one' and can't punch any more.
I would like to be the editor of a paper
and have one of my employes write up a
story to the effect that the 'Kid' was a
'dead 'un.' Well, do you know what I
would do with that fellow? Biff! bang!
git! Sporting editors? Well, there are
any number of them who cannot tell the
difference between a cross-counter ajid
an upper-cut.
"I like this youngster, and I like
Smith, too, but I somehow fancy thi3
chap. They are both great fighters. I
wish. I was here to see the scrap. The
people of this town will wait many years
before they will again see anything like
It. Smith is a terror, and" so is this boy.
Well, darn me. if I know what to think
of the go. All I can say is 'may the best
man win.' "
Sullivan gave Lavlgne a few pointers
in light dumbbell exercise, which the
"Kid" highly appreciated, and one or two
moves in pulley exercises which the cham
pion of the London prize ring also taught
Lavigne 'in a very short time brought a
a smile of appreciation from the champion
light-weight pugilist.
Kilrain had seen Lavigne at exercise
for the first time yesterday and pro
nounced him as being a phenomenal.
"If there is anything of the 'has beeV
about that fellow I must confess that
my knowledge of the game," remarked
Jake, "amounts to very little, although
I've, had many years of experience in
the same old school, and I guess I can
tell when I t*ce him punch the bag
whether he Is still In It or out of- it. Any
man with half an eye can tell in a jiffy
after seeing the 'Kid' go the rounds with
Wild Rush of Diamond Miners.
A wild rvmh of excited miners is reported at
Nullagine. Western Australia, where dia
monds have been discovered in lartre quan
tities, and it 1b feared that, many will lose
thPir lives in the mad struggle for riches. In
this country the rush for gain is causing
many other men to break down in h«§lth
and strength. Nervousness, sleeplessness, ™oss
of flesh and appetite and general debility are
the 'common symptoms. Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters will cure them all*
his trainer that he is as sound as adollar
and as aggressive as a .-.wounded bear, &a
would give 100 cases to see the "* fi nt hter
I know that § Smith is such another ngruer
as this lad." ■ . , ',_ -,-imo con-
Lavigne is unquestionably in P r ™ e f°£- ß
dltion. He has been tra'ning at : » ia "
ken's for four weeks and in the next ten
daj^ he certainly should gain all ma
strength and lung power that a ££{Vii
needs to pull him through a hard battle.
Lavigne is aware of the fact that he will
meet an opponent 'worthy of his mitts,
and it goes without saying that he is no
leaving a stone unturned in .P c V n ,f
his condition for the -prospective battle
royal. Lavigne is keeping a close watch
Billy Lavigne is keeping a close wat.cn
on every movement of his brother, as ne
is fully. aware that the coming fight will
be an event in the history of the prize
ring which will crown the 'Kid with
many laurels should he lower the colors
of the hard hitting and game pugilist.
Billy Smith. : _•; •"■:• ' : :
John L. Sullivan wrecked old man
Blanken's -clam factory before taking his
departure for the metropolis. The big
fellow sat down to an ordinary dish of
the succulent crustaceans, but before he
left the table he knocked out four large
buckets which were filled to overflowing
with the juicy bivalves, and as he slowly
raised his ponderous nether extremities
from the chair which had seen better
days he growled: "I wish I had Fitz
sirnmons. Corbett or some of those 'go
a ff , e J- a re Putatton fighters' here now.
I wouldn't do a thing to 'em."
Removed— The Sarsfleld Remedy Co. haa
removed from 239 Powell to 927 Market
street, room 312. Emma Spreckels Bldg. •
TWO MURPHYS.
Both Neals, Both Politicians, but Only
One Arrested.
Cornelius J. Murphy, Democratic poli
tician from the Forty-first Assembly Dis
trict, is known among his friends as
"Neal Murphy, 1 ' and that is why he re
sents the inquiry as to whether he 13
the ".Neal Murphy" who was arrested re
cently in connection with the McGlade
embezzlement case.
There is another Cornelius J. Murphy,
aiso a politician, also known as "Neal
Murphy." He is a Republican, and came
from banta Barbara County a few years
ago, and is at present engage! in the
cigar business. He is the Neal Murphy
who was arrested, but the other Murphy
Is getting most of the notoriety, which
should rest upon the shoulders of the
Santa Barbara Murphy.
—■ ♦ ■
Alarm • clocks redurert to 60 cents. JAMES
A. SORENSEN. 135 Sixth st.. nr. Howard.
. m ■
AN AMICABLE SUIT.
Frances M. Gibson Will Account for
Her Trust.
Alfred P. Black, as administrator cif the
estate of the late John Longwill, filM suit
yesterday against Frances M. Gibson,
executrix of the will of. the late Rev.
M. M. Gihpon. for an accounting. The
suit is an amicable one and brought for
the purpose of settling accounts between
the litigants. M. M. Gibson was original
ly appointed executor of the estate of
John I^ongwill. After his death Black
was appointed administrator of Long
wtll's estate and Frances M. Gibson took
ehargre of Rev. Gibson's estate. As Rev.
M. M. Gibson left the estate of John
I,ongwtll in an unsettled condition It la
now necessary that the representatives
of the two estates go into court and ad
just matters prior to final settlement.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tag ?$&&&&&%
AN EXCELLENT COMBINATION.
The pleasant - method and beneficial
effects of the ■ well-known remedy.
Syrup of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Company, illus-
trates the value of obtaining the liquid
laxative principles of plants known ,to
be medicinally laxative and presenting
them in ! the form most refreshing to
the taste and acceptable to the system.
It is the one perfect strengthening lax-
ative, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches ■ and fevers
gently yet promptly, and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation. per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the Ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic > plants .by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Company only. In order to get its ben-
eficial effects and to avoid imitations,
please remember the full name of the
company, printed on the front of every
package.
California Fig Syrup Co.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAIj.
Louisville, Ky. New York. N. T.
For sale by all druggists. Price 500
per bottle.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for too
Drink Habit. Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink. ' - ■ .
WK <»lARAXTF.E FOUR BOXES
to cure an case with a positive written gnar-
ante« or refund the money, and td destroy the
appetite for Intoxicating liquors.
\ THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTDfillG nOIMI/ cause* Mlßery. Poverty
oIKUnb Uninlvand Death. Upon receipt
of 110-00 T7B win mall you four [4] boxes and post>
tlve -written jtrnHrantf* Yd cure or refund
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole Art*..
I 214 Kearny Bt.. San Franclaco. .. ■
■_ J .__'
\ M For the Best SIO Suit i;
i|i v-J to order you must go to i
!; gjm. JOE POHEIM. ;
ji MpifflsM fr ° r 25 y ou can s et a '
( fine, well made and well '
t For the Best $10 Suit <
to order you must go to ]
JOE POHEIM.
For $25 you can get a i
fine, well made and well '
trimmed suit at '
I; pfM JOE POHEIM'S.
'i ' b&M Will cost elsewhere $40. |
]i : |fW • Al! : wool, stylish-cut i 1
i[ ||-W Pants to order from $4 i
Wll to-$l2 at, '.■;■■•::•■ ]i
!;>J^^ JOE POHEIM'S,
ji 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush '
)^^lllo-in2 Market St., S. F.
Weak Men and Women
CT HOULD f use damiana bitters, THE
7 Jflf? 1 . Mexlcan remedy; sJves health and
«rtn«tb. to sexual organ*. JSTpot. 823 Marktk