VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 151.
BLOODSHED
AND RIOTING
AT WARDNER
Masked Strikers Wreck
Mining Property With
Dynamite.
WARDNER, Idaho, April 29.— One thousand
masked and heavily armed miners reached here
at noon to-day on a Northern Pacific train they
had stolen at Burke. They brought with them
a ton and a half of dynamite. Three hours
later they departed on the stolen train, leav
ing the 8300.000 mill, the office and the board=
ing house of the Bunker Hill and Sullivan mines a
total wreck. The machinery and brick building
had been shattered to bits by the explosion of
immense charges of dynamite, and the frame
buildings had been consumed by fire, the miners
having applied the torch to them.
SPOKANE, April 29. — Another
d< adly, property-destroying riot
among the miners of the Coeur
d" Alone District in Idaho took
, place to-day and adds a dark
page to the record of the district.
In which the memory of the bloody days
of 1592 ami 1*54 still lingers. This time
the property of the inker Hill and
Sullivan mine at Wardner has suffered.
The mine is owned by D. O. Mills, the
McCprmack estate and others of San
Francisco. F. W. Bradley of that city
Is president of the company. Ten mil
lion dollars is the value <if the mine.
Governor Steunenberg of Idaho has
called on President McKinley lor 500
Federal troops to aid in checking toe
riots and preserving peace.
One thousand masked and hea % '" v
armed miners reached Wardner, irMho,
at noon to-day on a Northern Pacific
train they had stolen at Burk-'- They
brought with them a ton an^ a half
of dynamite. Three hours l^t-er they
departed on the stolen train, leaving ]
the 5300,000 mill, the off'oe* and the
hoarding-h^use of the BuiiHoi Hiil and
Sullivan mine a total wreck. The ma
chinery and brick building had been
shattered to bits by the explosions of ;
immense charges of dynamite and the
frame buildings had been consumed by
flre, the miners having applied the torch !
A startling incident was a short but
severe interchange of shots between
two parties' of the armed rioters, each
party believing the other wag non
union miners. As a result of the shoot
ing one of the rioters, "Jack" Smith,
was killer]. Two other men, J. J. Rog
ers, a. stenographer, and James Cheyne,
of the mill, were wounded. Cheyne was
phot in the hip, a probably fatal wound.
Rogers was shot in the lip.
The leaders in the riot-in fact the
chief participants— were union miners
from Burke, Gem and other Canyon
Creek mining camps, who had no direct
Interest in the diinculties between the
Wardner miners and the Bunker Hill
and Sullivan management. The union
miners of Wardner, however, partici
pated in the rioting and aided in de
stroying the property which gave them
their living. The destruction of the mill
means the closing of both the Bunker
Hill and Sullivan and the Last Chance
mines for months, until new mill can
be erected. These are the chief mines
at Wardn< and their closing will throw
1000 men out of employment.
The stolen train was that which car
ries passengers daily from Burke to
Wallace over Hie North* Tl acih"r:. The
armed mob "took possession at Burke.
At the point of pistols it compelled a
train crew to co-uple nine box ■■wh to
the passenger coach, and then compell
ed the engineer to start for Wallace.
Every car was crowded with - -r*ed and
masked men. At Wallace a brief stop
was made, accessions being made to the
ranks of the rioters. Here the North
ern Pacific joins the Oregon railroad.
The train. was switched to the latter
tracks and proceeded to Wardner at
full speed, reaching that city at about
noon.
From the depot a small party was
sent toward the mine, two miles away,
while the main body, after a discussion
with the striking Wardner miners, pro
ceeded toward the mill, a half-mile
away. One of the advance party on
the hillside fired a shot as a signal that
the mill and mine were deserted. The
signal was misunderstood by the main
body of strikers, who poured a volley
of nearly 1000 rifle shots into the under
brush on the hillsides behind which
the advance party was concealed. Be
fore the error as discovered Smith
fell, fatally shot in the throat. While
some of the rioters carried, his body to
the depot, others took to the mill sixty
fifty-pound kegs of powder the rioters
had brought on the train. Heavy
charges were placed amid the mill ma
chinery and about the mill and under
the brick office building; fuses were af
fixed and lighted, the torch was ap
plied to the frame boarding house
buildings and then the rioters returned
to the hillsides, whence a view of the
expected explosions could be had.
Six terrific explosions soon followed,
ng the earth i mole for miles
und breaking windows In houst
Wardner, t>vo miles away. Th<> work
of destruction was thoroughly done, the
machinery hHn.K wreck"
pair and the building de
stroyed. Just three hours after their
arrival the rioters returned to the train
and compelled the crew, which
been kept under guard, to take I
back to Burke. Before leaving they
The San Francisco Call.
fired off their guns and gave utterance
to exulting yells.
During this shooting veyne was
shot, whether purposely o»" accidentally
it is difficult to say. He- •- a non-union
man and whs carried 1 ° Burke by the
rioters. Rogers was iVOUnded by acci
dent.
The mine management had early
warning of t>? approach of the mob. i
The non-u»» lon miners left the mine
several h'" urs before the train arrived
and to* X to the woods, where they re
main^ until the rioters departed. The I
manager instructed the mill employes
t^iat the company desired no one to i
cake chances by attempting to pre
serve the company's property, so the
mill was deserted early in the day.
Governor Steunenberg of Idaho is Be
riously ill at Boise, but is exerting him
self to meet the situation. Early this
afternoon he wired to President Me ,
Kinley, advising him of the serious -,
trouble and of the probable need of
troops. After learning of the blowing ■
up of the mill he made a 'ormal call for j
£00 soldiers to be sent to the ecenif-^C i
once. i '-" r ■-—>*'
Judge Beatty of the Federal Court six
years ago issued a perpetual injunc
tion restraining members of the Min
ers' Union from entering upon or inter- \
fering with the Bunker Hill and Sulli- i
van property. The violation of this
Injunction is one ground for calling for
Federal aid to quell the rioters. When
first issued the - injunction was the i
means of calling the Twenty-fifth
United States Infantry Into the Coeur
d'Alenes, where it long remained pro
tecting the mine.
To-night there arrived in Spokane a
number of refugees from Wardner. I
They report that when last seen Super
intendent Burbridge of the Bunker Hill
and Sullivan was "hitting the trail"
over the hills, evidently intending to !
strike a railroad at some remote point.
These refugees refuse to talk for pub
lication, having a deadly fear of the j
strikers, who have representatives
here. They bring a number of shells |
from the cartridges fired by the strik
ers to-day. Curiously enough, they are |
from cartridges used in Springfield
rifles, seventy-five of which were stolen
from a militia company's armory at
Mullen two years ago and never recov
ered.
One company of the Twenty-fourth
United States Infantry (colored) is sta
tioned at Spokane and another at Van
couver Barracks. No orders have been
received here for the movement of the
troops.
The strike in the Bunker Hill and
Sullivan began last Monday, when the
union men, who were in the majority
on the list of the company's employes,
demanded an advance of pay and a
recognition of the union. They had
been paid $3 a day for miners and $2 50
a day for muckers. Their demand was
for a half-dollar advance in each class.
The company signified its willingness
to pay th( increased wage, which was
based on the advance in lead and sil
ver, which the mines produced, but de..
clined to recognize the union. All the
union men were thereupon withdrawn.
The non-union men were retained and
more engaged. On Tuesday and Wed
nesday the union men walked up the
hill to reiterate their demands and to
talk to the non-union men. On Wed
nesday, while on a similar' visit, T. S.
Murray, one of the leaders of the strike,
drew a revolver and others threatened
to do so. They Intimidated a number
of union men into quitting. Thus the
strike dragged along until to-day,
when the other union miners in the |
Coeur d Alenes swept down from Can
yon Creek, the hotbed of agitation and
Incendiarism, and started the trouble
L- n £m aSt Chance mi ne, near the Bun
ker Hill and Sullivan, which was pay-
Tig the union scale, but not recogniz
ing the union, closed on the commence
ment of the trouble on Monday, but
was allowed by the union to resume,
although it did not recognize the un
ion, a dispensation being made in its
favor because It always paid the union
scale. It will now have to close be
cause of the destruction of the mill
used in common by the two.
IDAHO MILITIA
MAY BE CALLED OUT
BOISE, April 29.— The action of the
union miners in taking the Bunker Hill
and Sullivan minis at Wardner is
looked upon as a very grave matter by
:i, State officials. Governor Steunen
berg ha? been sick in bed three days
and is unable to give Berious attention
to the problem, though he keeps in con
sultation with other State officers. He
has sent State Auditor Sinclair north
ivith authority to represent him. Tin
BOr declines to make any :
ment, bu< it Is Understood he is re-
I to exhaust every resource in en
forcing the law.
Tin' .i;usti;icr of volunteers entirely
i nut thf State militia, hut -
being t;>k' tho rem-
Ice, The Unvpriinr has
lent McKlnley of the sit
uation anil thnt it may be neeppsary
to rail for Federal aid.
SAN FRANCISfO, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
FILIPINOS ARE
DEMORALIZED
Peace Negotiations Fail and
Aguinaldo's Army Is Going
to Pieces.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, April 29. — Lieutenant Colonel Wallace of the
Montana Regiment and Brigade Surgeons Shields and
Adams, three volunteer hostages for the safety of the
insurgent commission, have returned from Santa Tomas, the
headquarters of General Luna, the Filipino commander, eight
miles north of Calumpit. j-^f
They report that General Luna is greajj n discoura^ 6^ an s
the insurgents demoralized. Few preparations for re <stance °^
the American advance are bciiig made. Genera] ' una S3 - l(^ ne
was astonished by the great valor displayed by tne Americans
in crossing the Rio Oande. He expressed l- '£ admiration for
Colonel l-'mi^on. whose daring work ma* the movement suc
ceccful.
Major General Otis and Adrm ! Dewey at a second con
ference with the insurgent commission this morning decided not
to grant an armistice. This decision is universally com
mended. ■ , j^y
The Call-Herald pigeons, which have been bringing news
of the battles, were fried by the Compana General de Ta
baco of Manila. ■/<? JOHN F.BASS.
MANILA, April 29, 3 p. m.— The
: rice to-day between Gen
eral Otis n.nd Colonel Miguel
Argueleses and Lieutenant Jose
Bornal, -,vho came from General
Luna under a flag of truce yesterday to
ask for a cassation of hostilities, was
fruitless. The Filipinos admit that they
j have been defeated and that they will
return with fresh proposals from Gen
eral Luna.
Th<) envoys from fJeneral Luna were
hosntably treated by General Otis,
■ w^i provided them with a house and
Ljfith a guard and permitted them to
I \ Isit friends here. Returning to the
c this r.iorn'ng thi cv - W"
illustration of American resources. A
long train of wagons and packs was
Just starting for General Lawlon, who
i has reached Msruneo;
The conference at the palace lasted
| three hours, Jacob G. Schurman of the
: United States Philippine Commission
attending and Admiral Dewey dropping
iin for an hour. The discussion was
mostly between General Otis and
Colonel Arguelesee, who had been se
lected for the mission by General Luna
t ;,use he had known General Otis.
! Colonel Argueleses served on the Flll
-: pino Commission which met the Amer
ican authorities before the war in an
I endeavor to smooth over the impend
i ing troubles.
Mr. Schurman emerged from the pal
between the two shock-haired, half
looking emissaries, and the
. three drove unattended to the office of
the United States Philippine Commis
sion, where they talked informally for
about an hour.
Manila is divided between two opin
the majority believing that the
I Filipinos desire peace, while others
■ think they are sparring for time in
v to rehabilitate their demoralised
army. The latter opinion gained color
from the fact that reinforcements have
been sent to the south, opposite the
American lines.
c .lonel Argueleses, who is a lawyer,
aptly illustrated the Malay subtlety at
words. While he declared with appar
ent frankness that the Filipino leaders
want a chance to give up the struggle
gracefully through the Congress, in
stead of surrendering ignominiously, he
asked for a fortnight's armistice, so
that the Congress might be summoned
on May 1. He endeavored to commit the
Americans to greater concessions and
wanted terms guaranteed by treaty.
He was told that the recognition of the
Filipino Government was impossible,
and he was told that a written guar
antee of amnesty for all insurgents was
the utmost that could be given. Col
onel Argueleses argued that Spain had
given similar guarantees and broken
them, and he laid much stress on the
Spaniards' honor. He persistently de.
dared that the Filipinos must be per
mitted to retire with honor.
In conversation with Mr. Schurman,
Colonel Argueleses revived the question
of independence and was referred to
the statement in the Commissioners'
proclamation that the Filipinos would
l>e given an increasing measure of self
nunent as soon as they proved
themselves worthy of it.
Mi. Bchurman warned Argueleses
that the longer war was waged and the
more were killed, the stronger would
be the animosities hindering an amica
ble co-operation between the two peo
ples for the prosperity of the islands.
The insurgents have an insurrection
on th( it hands. The Maccabebes. tra
ditional foes of the Tagals, are rising
in the north, while the burden of thou
sands of hungry and discontented peo
ple who fled before the American army,
and who are camping behind the Fili
pino lines, multiplies the troubles of
the Filipino Government, the headquar
ters of which is now at Isidro, having
been moved northward when Caluinpit
I fell.
CLAIM NEGOTIATIONS
ARE UNOFFICIAL
LONDON, April 29.— Members of the
Filipino Junta here made the statement
to the Associated Press correspondent
to-day that the peace negotiations be
tween the United States authorities at
Manila and General Luna were unoffi
cial in character. General Luna, the
Junta asserts, does not represent Agul
naldo's government. It is further as
serted by the Junta that secret nego
tiations between Don C. Worcester of
the United States Philippine Commis
sion and a representative of AguinaMo
have been in progress since before the
attack on Malolos. The following con
ditions, it is alleged, were proposed
In the Foreground Is the Winslow, With Ensign Bagley Standing Near the Rail After Having Hailed Scott
on the Hudson. The Wilmington Is Slowly Steaming Along in the Background.
after the capture of Malolos:
"The Americans to issue a proclama
tion granting: the Filipinos self-govern
ment and police, civil and religious
rights similar to those enjoyed by the
people of Canada; the Filipinos to con
trol International mercantile relations;
Americans and Filipinos to enjoy equal
rights in the Islands; Manila to remain
in the possession of the United States
until Congress decides otherwise; the
American llag to fly over the capitols of
the islands, and in the most prominent
positions along with the Filipino flag,
except at Manila, where only the Amer
ican flag should fly; all vessels to My
the American flag with that of the
Filipinos; the American and Catholic
clergy to be under the same adminis
tration.as in the United States; Span
ish clerical direction and intervention
to be abolished; the status quo of rural
proaerty belonging to the religious or
ders to be maintained without return
to the ante-bellum state of affairs; hos
pitals and schools formerly adminis
tered by the orders to be handed over
to the government, the orders to retain
only their present town property; the
Becular clergy to retain their property."
The Junta asserts that Aguinaldo, in
view of these proposals, withdrew from
Malolos, hut that General Otis' procla
mation after the occupation of Malolos
failed to grant self-government on the
proposed lines. This, it is further as
serted, caused the hostilities following
the capture of Malolos.
ANTI-IMPERIALISTS
URGE WITHDRAWAL
BOSTON. April 29.— The executive
committee of the Anti-Imperialist
Union adopted the following resolution
which was forwarded to the President:
"To the President: We ursre you to
WASHINGTON, April 29.
The following dispatch was
received this morning from
General Otis:
"MANILA, April 29.—Ad
jutant General, Washington:
Conference with insurgent
representatives term mated
this morning. They request
cessation of hostilities three
weeks to enable them to call
their congress to decide
whether to continue prosecu
tion of war or propose terms
of peace. Proposition declined
and full amnesty promised on
surrender. Believe insurgents
tired of war, but seek to se
cure terms of peace through
what they denominate their
representative congress.
"OTIS."
offer the Philippine Government with
drawal in five year?, giving it mean
while moral support; Philippine 'Gov
ernment to reimburse our payment to
Spain, the United States to keep the
small islands.
"3RWIN WINSLOW, Secretary."
COMBINE OF FLOUR
MILLING COMPANIES
NEW YORK. April £9*— The Herald
to-morrow will say: Articles of incor-
JUST BEFORE THE FATAL SHELL BURST.
poration of the United States Flour
Milling Company, filed in New Jersey
yesterday, mark the consolidation of
nineteen of the larger mills, including
those in Duluth, West Superior, Wil
waukee and Buffalo and Syracuse,
N. Y. The organizers of the trust have
bought only such properties as they
could procure at a reasonable market
price. The nineteen mills included in
the list have a daily capacity of about
40,000 barrels of Hour. George Urban
Jr. of Buffalo is to be the president of
the company.
The United States Flour Milling Com
pany is capitalized at $25,000,000, half
common and half preferred stock, and
$i:>, 000,000 6 per . cent forty-year gold
bonds.
It was expected the Pillsbury-Wash
burn Milling Company, the Washburn-
Crosby and the Northwestern Consoli
dated Companies would go into the
consolidation, but it is stated the Eng
lish shareholders wanted such exor
bitant prices for their holdings that
these companies were left out of the
consolidation.
The bonds and stock of the company
or combination already have been of
fered for sale, and it Is said they have
been largely subscribed for. The com
bination may result in a ruinous war
between the trust and those milling
companies which have not entered into
the consolidation.
PRINCE OF SIAM
WOUNDED BY A GERMAN
Sensational Duel in the Gymnasium
of the Military School in
Potsdam.
T:KUT,IN\ April 20.— A sensational saber
duel lias just taken place in the gym
nasium of the military BChool in Pots
dam between the Prince of Si am, who is
at present receiving a military education
in the German army, and a German offi
cer.
In the fifth engagement the Prince re
ceived a severe but not fatal wound in
the head.
WAS BAGLEY
SLAIN BY HIS
OWN PEOPLE?
Charge That Shell From
the Wilmington Struck
the Winslow.
SCOTT OF THE REVENUE
MARINE THE ACCUSER
Positions of Vessels and Effect of
Explosion Indicate That He
May Be Correct.
IT is but a few days less than a year
Btnca the battle of Cardenas Bay. to the
Americans the most disastrous naval
engagement of the war. The only officer
killed in the brief struggle with Spain fell
in that fight, and with him fell four sea
men—more than the dead of Manila and
Santiago combined. They were all killed
by the explosion of a single shell, and
now the startling statement is made that
the death-dealing missile came from an
American ship of war, sped by an Ameri
can gun and sighted by some loyal but
erring American seaman.
There is hitter feeling between the rev
enue marine service and the navy. Ft
has smoldered for neatly a year, but the
revenue service, according to its nwn [.tu
ple, has not been given the credit due for
the part it took in the war, and its offi
cers see no reason to spare their brothers
of the navy or to hide the mistakes they
made. "JBagley wan killed by a shell
from the Wilmington," is the direct state
ment of Lieutenant Hutchinson Scott, ex
ecutive officer of the Hudson during the
fatal fight, and he was looking into the
eyes of the doomed officer when the shell
laid him and his shipmates dead on the
deck of the little torpedo-boat.
The statement has called forth vigor-
oils denials from the commanding officer
of the Wilmington and from the officers
who were on board during the fight and
from those who sympathize with them;
but Scott adheres to his statement, and
his brut her officers will not deny BUCb a
happening was possible. The story has
caused much excitement in the East, and
now interest has been transferred in part
out here by the arrival of Lieutenant
Meade, who was an officer of the Hudson
during the fight.
' The question has been considered by the
Navy Department, but it has been de
cided to make no formal investigation.
The denial of Captain Todd of the Wil
mington and the added statements of
Lieutenant Bernadou, who commanded
the Winslow, that his men were killed
by a Spanish shell have been taken as
sufficient; but the revenue officers call at
tention to the positions of the three ves
sels during the engagement, to the cir
cumstances surrounding the death of the
men and the fearful effect of the bursting
projectile, and then leave the matter to
the judgment of those who hear. Scott
is the only one who says outright that
"Bagley was killed by a shell from the
Wilmington."
The battle was fought on May 12, LB9B.
For weeks before the American vessels
had been blockading the bay of Cardenas,
and they had been annoyed by the audac
ity of three small light-draught Spanish
gunboats that would run out from the
shallow harbor, dart around the cays
until they sighted the waiting warships
and then scurry in again like frightened
chickens, while their pursuers, of heavier
draught, could not follow them In the
shoals of the channels. It was too much
for Commander Meade of the Machias.the
senior officer of the blockading squadron,
and he ordered the Wilmington, the Hud
son and the Wlnslow into the harbor to
find and, if possible, destroy the Spanish
vessels. The "Wilmington was a gunboat
drawing nine feet of water; the YV'in.slow
was a torpedo-boat, armed with one
pounders and drawing six feet, and the
Hudson was a converted tug from the
revenue marine service, officered by offl
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
cers of the revenue marine and carrying
two G-pounders, one forward and one aft.
The Hudson drew a few inches less than,
the Wilmington, or about eight and a
half Xeet.
Cardenas Bay is an irregularly formed,
bit of shoal watrr with its opening near
ly closed by a narrow neck of land
stretching from what would have been
the western head of the bay to the east
ward. The channel should have opened to
the north, but the narrow strip turned,
it to the east and in coming out it is near
ly to the east that a vessel must head.
Ev.en then the channel is cut up by two
cays into three passage ways, only one of
which is considered safe. This was the
channel to the west, r ind th,'s the Spanish
had thickly planted with mines. The pas
ln the middlo between the two cays
w,is too shallow and there was a chance
through the channels to the eastward.
The thref vessels took the chance and
aft* r carefully soundinar the eastern chan
nel they entered the 'oay.
The hay is about nine miles from north
to south and ;is much from east to west.
The town of Cardenas ties on its south
ern shore and to the west Prom the
east a shoal runs out Into the bay almost
I to a point off the town and just in front
of the town is the best anchorage. Ona
and three-quarter faihoms, or less than
eleven feet of water is the rule off the
city, and this deepen? to two. two and a
half and three fathoms farther out in,
the hay.
With the Wisslow on her port bow and
a little ahead of her and the Hudson in
the same relative position on her star
bcard bow, the "Wilmington steamed slow
ly through the channel and then turning?
to the westward ran coward the center of
the bay. Arriving there she turned to
the south, and while shf> steamed still
more slowly down coward the town her
commander ordered 'he Hudson to run
X the west and the Wlnslow to the east
and, turning, to skirt the shore and hoth
sides of the town in the hope of sighting
the gnnboats.
The weather was not clear and th«
Shore could not be reconnoitred from a.
great distance, so the two little vessels
ran in to within two thousand yards of
the land and then worked round parallel
to it, the Winslow >i3Bing close to tha
outer edge of the shoal that reached out
from the east side of the bay.
The task of the Hudson was nearly
completed. She had skirted the shore
from the western side of the bay to just
off the city, where, a mile -out. lay two
merchant ships at anchor. As she reached
them phe heard firing off to the other
side of the city and immediately after
the Winslow ran out of the haze with her
one-pounders spitting viciously and tha
water all about her cut by the Spanish
shells. She had found the gunboats
moored to the stone quays with nothing
but bow or stern visible, and thus pro
tected they opened fire on her as soon
as they saw she had approached as near
as she dared. It was the fire of the gun
boata that informed her of their position,
and being little more than half a. mile
from them she turned out into the bay
and taking position at a range of about
two thousand yards she came into action.
In the meantime the Wilmington had
arrived off the city and was lying out
about thirty-five hundred yards. She
could not distinguish the gunboats, but
she could see the shore, and as soon as2
the Winslow came under fire she drew '
in a little more and brought her battery
of five-Inch guns to bear. The Hudson
turned out at once when her captain
heard the puna going , and passing be
tween the two merchant vessels lie ran
over to the Wilmington for orders. He
was ordered to close in and join the
action, and he did so, taking a position
•in line with the Wlrislow.
Thus situated the three vessels kept up
a rapid fire until the men on the Hudson
noticed that something was wrong with
the steering sear of the Winslow. A hail
to her met the reply that she -was all
right. A few minutes after something
more serious happened to the Winslow'a
steering gear and she seemed to have lost
the control of her helm altogether, but
still her commander, Lieutenant Berna
dou, kept in the light. He could steer
with his engines he said.
Then came thi linal injury to the tor
pedo boat. A shell took her in the waist
and entered one of her boilers, and she
lay helpless with her engines powerless.
Then she signaled the Hudson and asked
to be towed out of the Jieree rain of shell
that was falling about her. All through
the action she had been the principal tar-
Cet for the Spanish gunners, and they
eeemed bent on destroying her at least
before the tight ended.
The Hudson drew alongside in a direc
tion calculated to run her across the
Wlnslow's bows. There was barely
enough water to float tne tug where the
Winslow lay, and she had to maneuver
very carefully to avoid the fatal mistake
of getting aground while directly under
fire. Lieutenant Scott was in command
of her after six-pounder., and Lieutenant
Ern< st Meade of her forward gun, and
while Meade took charge of the battery
Scott mounted the low rail of the reve
nue boat and with a heaving line in his
hand awaited his opportunity,
As the Hudson ran past the Winslow he !
hove his line, but it was too short, and
the weighted < nd fell In the water some
yards from the -■■■■.--.- side. Uagley
■was waiting for the line. li. and Seotr
were old friends, and he sung out to the
revenue officer across the narrow retch I
of water between them, "For God's sake,
get us out of that fellow's tire!" and Scott
answered, "Keep your shirt on, old man!
We'll get you out In a minute." Whether
It was the fire of the Spaniards or the
lire of the Wilmington, lying just beyond
them, Scott did not know.
The Hudson backed down again on the
do-boat. She worked slowly and
cautiously, and Scott, with the log line
bent on the heaving line to make it long
er, waited for another chance. The
Hudson was coming toward the Winslow
istern first, or nearly so. The Winslow
■was tying with her bow to the .-si.
bringing her port side to the shore and
her starboard side out. Standing by the
one-pounder on her starboard rail was
Bagley and his gun's crew. He was
■watching Scntt. and was standing with
his back to the Spanish batteries and his
face, toward the Hudson and the Wil
mington. His men were faced as he
"was. They were looking right into Scott's
eyes and he was poising "himself for a
throw, when he saw the Hash of a burst-
Ing shell right among the men on the
Winslow.
He saw Bagley's face disappear; saw
the front of his body torn open from his
•waist to his hair and the bleeding trunk
hurled back across the narrow deck of
the torpedo-boat, until it lay an unrec
ognizable mass among the men with
whom he had stood but a minute before;
saw the men grouped around the gun |
thrown backwards, their faces crushed
and torn and themselves stretched on
their backs all over the decks, and but
one fell near«the rail. The others were
all blown inward and toward the shore
side of the vessel, each with the marks
of the explosion upon hi.s face, while their
backs, which had been toward the Span
ish guns, were uninjured.
It took twenty minutes of careful ma
neuvering to finally pass the line and then
it broke, but the disabled vessel was final
ly towed out of danger. By this time the
Wilmington had Bet the recall signal and
was herself making for the open sea. Sig
nals were, made on the Winslow and the
Hudson to notify her of their predicament
and of the need of assistance for
the wounded, but as none of the
Fignals were! answered the captain
oi the Hudson started to toot his
whistle. This caused tne Wilmington to
siow up and ks the tug and her tow ran
alongside the captain of the Wilmington
hailed the Hudson. "What do you mean
by tooting your whistle in that fashion?"
he demanded. "By God, sir, because I
wanted you to stop." was the angry an
swer from Captain Newcomb of the. tug,
and without any more words surgeons
were put aboard the smaller boats and,
th? three ran out to
Thai is the story of tne action and upon
the maneuvering of the ships as de
scribed the serious charge against Ameri
can gunnery and discipline is made. The
Wilmington was cruising back and forth
beyond the smaller boats, while hey
were struggling to get the line passed
from one to the othor, and they were at
times if not all the time in range be
tween the gunboat and the. shore, where
the Spanish vessels were lying. The shell
flashed in the. air like a shrapnel and its
effect was feen on tin faces and the"
breasts of the men it wounded, not on
their backs. And that gives rise to these
question which are asked about th( fatal
Blot.
Why was it when the men killed were
fnc%d from the Spanish guns they were
mutilated In th face und breast? They
Were waiting for the line from Scott and
&:■ they faced him they were faced toward
tlie Wilmington.
Why was it they were blown backward
toward the Spanish gunboats if the shell
■was traveling li a direction to blow them
ovt-r the Winslow's aid* and Into the wa
ter? The burst of a shell Is In the direc
tion of its flight and the Spanish shells
were living toward the Wilmington, not
away from her.
Why was it shells were bursting in the
air between the WinsJow and the shore
when the Spaniards were not using time
Lieutenant Hutchinson Scott, Who Declares That
Ensign Bagley and His Men Were Killed
by a Shot Fired From the U. Si S. Wil
mington.
Chart of the Portion of Cardenas Bay in Which rhe Action Betwee.
Vessels Wilmington, Winslow and Hudson and the Spanish Gunbo,
Batteries Took Place.
and their shells should not have ex- I
pioded until they had struck something 1 ?
It was noticed at the time tlmt these
shells were bursting on the • n gaged side
: the vessel and a >r.ort distance from
her, leading many to believe the Span
using time fuses, a theory that
abandoned, it w •
■ ■ -.•• shells exploded just
■ shells coming from an opposite di
rection would have exploded had they
struck any part of t'ne Winslow. It was j
i upon at the time by members
ri w of the torpedo-boat, hut then i
there was no idea that they had been in
danger from the gun^ of the W il
■on.
[n a letter to the New York Herald
Scott writes that the Hudson was run up ;
on the outside or starboard side of the
Winslow purposely to protect the help
less vessel from the fire of the Wllming
ton, so at the time the ni< a on thu Hud
son' at least must have Been som< dan
■ ■■ position ■: the two smaller ■
• under the fire from their consort
itenant Meade, who was in com
. ward battery of the Hud
is now in this city, having been or
dered oui here to duty on board th" Nnni
vak fitting out for Alaska. He refuses
to saj where the shell came from, but
admits that, from the position of the
ssible it came from one of
Wilmington's guns.
"We were never in a direct lino with
the guns of the Wilmington." he .said in
an Interview. "We were frequently close
to it. however. If you consider two
drawn from the shore, one from each side
of the city, to the Wilmington, it might
put the two smaller boats in the triangle
imed. I don't say they were in that i
triangle all the time, but when the Bhell
that kt'.bd Bagley exploded they might
have b~en just Inside the edge. The Wil
mington did not remain stationary dur
ing the action, but steamed slowly lack
and forth off the city, h'ring as Bhe went.
Aja !■• the explosion, I did not see it. Un
der the circumstances 1 can only say it
is possible it came from the Wilmington."
belief of the officers of the Hudson
is that the Wilmington, which had
changed her position during the engage
ment, had tirst pet the range of her guns
at -i"X) yards in engaging the shore bnt
terles. That ihis range had nut
changed and as she increased her distance
from the shore. she finally arrived at such
• from the Winslow that that
■!. instead of the batteries, came ex
actly within the range of her guns. This,
led with the fact that the m»!i killed
facing her. that they were injured
in the fronts of their bodies, not in their
THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, AFIt L 30, 1899.
SURGEON DISPLAYS
WONDERFUL NERVE
Completes an Operation After His
Rather Falls Dead at
His Side.
CHICAGO, April 29. — There was a tragic scene at the Hahnemann
pital this afternoon, when Dr. Reuben I^udlam, aged 6S years,
■lent of Hahnemann College and dean of the faculty, dropped
dead while performing a delicate surgical operation, and his son,
who was assisting him, was compelled, with steady nerve, to com
plete the operation.
Dr. Ludlam's death occurred at 5 o'clock. The venerable surgeon had
recently recovered from a long sickness, the result of a surgical opera
tion, and the operation to-day was one of the first he had attempted since
his recovery. It was a case of hysterotomy for the removal of fibroid
tumor, and the operation took place in tho private operating-room. Dr.
Ludlain apparently was in the best of spirits and his hand never had
been more steady nm- his brain more clear. The operation was half com
pleted, when he uttered an exclamation of distress, the knife dropped
from his fingers and he sank unconscious Into a chair.
His son, Dr. Reuben Ludlam Jr., wh<> was assisting him, glanced, at
his father, over whose face the pallor of death was gathering, then at
the patient on the operating chair, and instantly took up the work
where his sire had left off, while attendants carried the venerable phy
sic ian to another room and Bummoned Dr. Halbert and Dr. George F.
Shears. They applied restoratives and did all they could, but in a few
moments the last sign of life disappeared.
M- tntime his son completed the operation with care and skill,
though suffering under terrible suspense. The operation was wholly
successful and the life of the patient was saved. The remains of Dr.
Ludlam were conveyed to his home at 1523 Michigan avenue.
The death of Dr. Ludlam will b» learned with the deepest regret
throughout the country- He stood at the head of surgeons in the
homeopathic field. He had been connected with Hahnemann College
since Its establishment, thirty-nine years ago, and over 2500 physicians
throughout the country have his signature upon diplomas. The faculty
of every homeopathic college west <>f the Alleghenies contains professors
who earned theijr degrees under Dr. L,udlam's tutelage, for Hahnemann
is the pioneer homeopathic college of the "West.
backs, that they wore blown backward on
the ileclt. not forward over the side, and
that shells were bursting around the
Wlnslow in a manner to indicate that the
lire i>? the Wilmington was reaching her—
all th:s is clte'l to support Lieutenant
Scott's blunt statement, "Bagley was
killed by ;i shell fr^m the Wilmington."
The affair has created the greatest ex
citement among the naval people of the
Eafit, where the story is already out, and
the relations between the navy and the
revenue marine are all the more strained.
It Is not likely that the question will ever
be settled, for the department will take
no action, and there is left only the state
ment of Scott, in whose sight the tragedy
was enacted, the denials of the naval of
ficers who were in the battle and watched
the general course of events and the atti
tude of the nthf-r revenue cutter officers,
who, while not saying Scott is right, re
fuse to say he is wrong 1 .
COLLEGE FOR YOUNG
WOMEN CATHOLICS
Meeting Held to Further the Build
ing an Annex to the Univer
sity at Washington.
NEW YOPJv, April 29.— 1t is proposed to
establish a woman's college for young wo
men of the Catholic faith which shall be
to the Catholic University of Washington,
D. C, what Bernard College is to Colum
bia University and Radcliffe College to
Harvard University. To discuss and fur
ther this important movement a meeting
was held In this city at whic.i many prom
inent Catholics, both clerical and lay,
were present, with Arcnbishop Corrigan
presiding. , ;-;
It was announced by former Judge
Daly that forty acres 01 ground adjacent
to the university in Washington have been
secured for the new female annex, and
that the institution would be named Trin
ity College, and would be under the guid
ance and control of the Sisters of Our
Lady of Namur. 1•, - iJ '
Archbishop Corrigan said Trinity Col
lege was so line and sure in conception
and design thai from every point of view
it was moSt creditable to those- who were
pushing its plans forward. . The Arch
bishop also suggested that the Idea might
appeal to those without as well as to those
within the church.
Great enthusiasm indicative of success
pervaded the entire meeting, and it was
made certain that New York and rich
Catholic interests represented here are
quite ready to do a fair share toward
making: Trinity College the grand success
its founders and promoters hope to see
it attain.
. m ■ .
SALAD SET DAY. '.; .#"
Some articles cut 60 per corit.
Borne articles cut M per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PUICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
LAURA MILLARD'S
EXCITING CHASE
Mounted on a Bicycle, She Bides
After a Thief Until Her Stolen
Watch Is Recovered.
CHICAGO, April 29.— Laura Millard
of the Castle Square Opera Company
had an exciting six-mile chase this j
afternoon after a thief who had her
diamond-studded watch, given her by
San Francisco admirers when she was
sharing honors with Alice Neilson in
the Tivoll in that city. Miss Millard
arrived in the city last night and had
worked hard all the morning rehears
ing for the part she is to take in the
"Gypsy Baron." This afternoon she
sought relaxation in a bicycle ride.
On the way back to the hotel, when
near Park Row and Michigan avenue,
she looked at her watch, and in at
tempting to return it to her belt it
dropped.
She stopped as quickly as she could,
but not 60 quickly as a boy. also on
a wheel, who, without dismounting,
picked up the bauble and started south
on the boulevard as fast as he could
go. Miss Millard did not waste any
wind shouting after him. but climbing
on her wheel, gave chase. She could
not overhaul the nervy youngster until
he reached Fiftieth street, when, she
began to close upon him. A mounted
policeman just then came into view and
the thief dropped the watch, dodged
down Fifty-first street, up an alley and
lost himself. Miss Millard was badly
winded, but was so glad to get back
the watc . that she refused the offer of
the notice to care for her wheel and
procure a carriage for her to ride back
to town.
Stockton Defeats Berkeley.
STOCKTON. April &>.— The Stockton
High School baseball team to-day de
feated the Berkeley High School, the
champions of last year, by a score of 9
i" S. This leaves luu two teams in the
race for the Academic League pennant
and next Saturday, or possibly, a work
'-.''■•■ v. the final will be played between
Stockton and the winner of the Palo Alto-
Polytechnic game ofihis. afternoon.
Sixty-Two Miners Killed.
BERLIN. April 29.- )wlng to an inrush
of water at the Kltchnar gold mine near
Troizk. Russia, to-day, a shaft in which
ninety-five men were at work collapsed.
Sixty-two of the miners were killed and
nearly all of the remainder were seriously
injured.
MONCOL CAUGHT
R OBBING SLUICES
Slain by a Nevada
CDunty Miner.
Pr>ec ai Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, April 29.— Hydrau- j
licker Thonas Hall, one of the leading
miners of he San Juan ridge in this
county, lmst answer to a charge of j
murder. Kis hearing will be a mere
matter of Jorm, doubtless, and will end
in his disctarge, for both District At
torney Pover and Sheriff Getchell, who
returned 'his afternoon from French
Corral, where the killing that led up to
the arrest occurred and who looked
into the rase closely, say there is no
hope of obtaining a conviction.
On Thursdiy night Hall caught an
Americanize! and heavily armed Chi
nese named Ah Yum robbing the sluices
of the mine that he and C. D. French
own. He fired a charge of buckshot
into the read of the robber, instantly
killing hin. Yesterday County Coroner
Daniels aid a jury held an inquest and
declared ■ that Hall did the killing in
defense )f his life and property and
was justified.
To-day Deputy Sheriff Samuel M<-
Culloug!i of North San Juan swore to
' a warrant charging Hall with murder.
The Justice of the Peace before whom
I hfc wps taken set the case for a hear
j ing next Wednesday and then let th«i
! acciu*-.; mn go on his own recogniz
| ar.ri\
It. ha:; from pioneer times "been an un
; written, law in Nevada County that a
! mine owner is ":ari anted in summarily
[ Btiooting any pci,-oi: V. : catches in the
| act of yt?n!in£ amalgam from his min
j ing sluice^ Numbers of killings for this
I offence ihavg occurred, mostly of Chi
| riese', many of them never having
/ t-ivn j sported to the auth-ritic-B. Nor
' hat there SJS the county's factory been .1
Serious prosscatlrth for such hiJling.
•
L,05 ANGELES, Aprii 23.— Thcse t ;who ! '
naV<» been applying for position? ai'ihin j '
the gift. of the State's ekecutiyi, 
■ who ■ ha.ye been ar.noyed .by^tiie sio ■ ' '
;><•. v-^t'.tiß out °* th<: loaves, ha.v ii.l, !
'^jiopei raia-?<l- today '-vh -u it v-as an- ;
:'<-;«^;-, -i that Governor TTeiiry T.Gar;'-
ha«3 N .ivj;/biiited Afajor Her) C,'. Truriian'sj
H/ o'!t " the thr^jCorrirnicAvonsrs to j
the Partri'-'Kxpoaltion; This hi" aiv |
freed cat friends of Prank. Wig- j
er};is, rtlio urgue that as the i <
. -.•(.•;:;-}■ o" ''li'.s Chamber of Cmn~ ; | ;
nvjn:c ' l; c v u. : ably represented M
CailiW-k. at r':/re T it ■ an<i 1
should ha-vf beea rfcegmtzed as the};,
moving tpirit of a cnm:rerc!ai bouylj
composed o' I^GO ncUve bus'uess men
of Lea Angei ; - :-vi Southern CaUforf i
nia. "The statci, Is ?'. N .a'ie by mer.-t- .
bers of the chambi that' liey had ilt- ;
tin hope for the appoiutmv'Mt ox Wig- I
gins, because the Governor ■«neii a pri- |
vate citizen never affiliatt v-'ith iha( j
body and was never represeutr- iii the ! !
battles it has participated In.
An unexpected plum has fallen' .u.o--.- 1 i
the administration tree in the foVni of !
the expected resignation of Alajoi
Harry S. Patton as a director of^-^he ,
Insane Asylum at Highlands. Maj&r. ,
I'm inn has disposed of his business in- *j
terests here and will take up his fu- j
ture residence in Everett, "Wash.
ADVER'jI-
"Example is better
Than Precept/
It is not what we say, but what Hood's
Sarsaparilla does, that tells the story. Thou-
sands of unsolicited testimonials are examples
of what Hood's has done for others, and what
it "will do for you. Here are a few specimens:
Scrofula — " Three years ago our son, now tl, had N euralgia —**/ had dreadful neuralgia, miserable
a serious case of scrofula and erysipelas with dreadful for months. Neighbors told me to use Hood's Sarsa-
sorts, discharging and itching constantly. He could not parilla: it cured me perfectly.
walk. Several physicians did not help for sixteen Mrs. Fred Turner, c ßarre. Vt.
months. Three months' treatment with Hood's Sarsa- Dyspepsia —" We all use Hood's Sarsaparilla. It
parilla made him perfectly well. We are glad to tell cured my brother-in-law and myself of dyspepsia. 1
others of it." 3Mrs. David Laird, Ottawa, Kansas. owe my life to it." SM. H. Kirk, 607 Franklin St., Phila.
Eczema — "We had to tie the Nervousness - " / was Tumors-"^ tumor as big as
hands of our two-year-old son on weak, nervous and very delicate. a large marble came under my
account of eczema on face and staggered m attempting to walk. tongue and instead of letting my
limbs. No medtcine even helped Hood' * Sarsaparilla and Hood' s PSls **»*£ Ssnf tZnic,H<Jt sli
until we used Hood's Sarsaparilla, made me well. I feel like another saparUla. The bunch soon disap-
which soon cured." Mrs. A.VanWyck person." SMrs. Lizzie Sherbert, peared." SMrs. H. M. Coburn,
123 SMontgomery St., Taterson, N.J. Conduit Street Ext., Annapolis, Md. £79 Merrimack. Street, Lowell, Mass.
Hood's Sarsaparilla is Americas Greatest
Medicine for all troubles of the blood, kidneys,
bowels or liver, because it is made of the
very best materials that the world produces,
is the reason that x
i Hood's Pills cure liver ills ; the non-irritating and only cathartic to take
with Hood's SarsapanlU, the Best Spring Medicine Money Can 'Buy.
SIGNED ARTICLES
LAW A FAILURE
Senator Davis Frankly
Admits It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. April 29.— Senator John i
F. Davis of Amador, who is responsible
for thl enactment of the newspaper sig
nature law, arrived in Los Angeles this i
men life. While Davis was a member of ,
tli Senate Judiciary Committee, he ob
jected to the anti-cartoon bill and the
Moorebpuse bill and became responsible
for the it compelling all editorial matt< r
to be sifcn <1. He admits the law is a fail
ure .trnl realizes its defects.
"I hac no idea that anything else in a
newspajei should have a signature," saW ;
Senator Davis, "and the present law. j
which finally passed, is so crudely con
structed that it will either have t<
radically imended or entirely repealed.
I am sorry I voted for the new act, simply
because o' having been responsible tor
the Idea. could hardly do otherwise ana
bf consistent. My own impression is tnat .
Senator M«rehouse was guided almost, en
by i*veng< In all of his proposed ,
anti-newspiper legislation."
Senator (avis, who was a radical anti-
Burns in.'ii at Sacramento last mntar,
would not o-day discuss Governor Gage s
prospectiv appointment of Dan mini*
to the I'nted States Senate. He wouio
not discus the question of an extra seß-
Bion of th« Legislature nor would he con-
Bent to expn as an opinion upon caucus ;
matters. He called upon ex-Governor
Markham it Pasadena to-day. Marknain
appointed Davis Superior Judge oi Ama
dor County b few years ago to till a va
cancy. Tie appointment was made on
the fequet of Colonel D. M. Barns.
MIRA.BEL PARK OUTING.
Annual Picnic of California North-
western Railway Employes.
SAN RAFAEL, April 21>.— The third an- j
nual picric of the employes of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway Company
«."' be held at Mirabel Park, in Sonoma
Omr.'.y, on May 1. Transportation and a
ticket ''' entrance to the ground will be
fctveri - c f. trough a committee to em
pfoyes -dni :m:-iediate members of their
farctiie?. t»-h; ■■"•'' employe will be given !
sn adfHtional tu-^tt *^r use by a friend,
Tli-is? atten'dirik 'roiii ff an Francisco will
tALe tbe 7:80 a.'- bo>J R.t the Tiburon
f?rrv. Returning r >• -r,. - ..- San Fran
cUo,o %viM leave it t>6 I>fi.rl :it 3:30 p. m. '•
%t*i :<■ '.-:'■■' be supplied by the B 'i Rosa |
banafox fourteen pieces ar*'j ■• • " pro- !
gramma s.,t aiid 'jxet - • " °d-
Ul"u.
I! hab beei; the cnstbni eacn yea
present some f.ficia: «i the TG-ad ■wJtti «.«;
appropriate gri'v : :i > 2.ppr«:cii|ion of ths
oit'een!. in vrhUiT ;. o "tieJd. Pvesi.Vut |
Poister. the' tirst ■■.r.;olpient; •'. ; :r j.-!vmi) a;
beautiful ;'g<sld-heail;h cane.- On irA* c>p
ci'S.^n Joiiv Bonner; >i e forenian of tii.jt
yard?, i.<? tb.« i» • r-ieraVrtU of the em-!
ployes.
I foil owing nifen; ?el««»«d>;from tfco
-sarSfinr bfajjche»;of th' sorvi'.« t -vii; ; IVI 3 |
the pJcnlc In charife: Cnairmtt. .t. Quln- i
t*nU-*ecrelarjN E.^Dougheny; 3-= e i.ti .:.
Wosaer, J. 'V. rfmith, S;>.Jacob^ n ; j_
Creightorx; J. F. S-nrauOiSun, 11. Me\v., , 
A. O'berg, O. H. McMiiilen and j. .].)•;.
G*ary. _ m ;___
Russian. Railroad Intension.
BERLIN, April : 25.— Thv5 i'rajikfurter
ZJeitaog bas edvlcfis from, j'j.a-rlad that a
liupymn f.xrtdkion . cons»«t.ir.g: of eeven
oO'csrs A-ni ;fourteftn h.-s;
reached a point orj tho Httle 2iab niv>.r. •
bortbsaßt •'■! fcfttTda-d. l:avir:q cr,m»i>:rc-i
the survey ■".bur far of thisfexisnsioi! of J
ti. - ltflis ani Mn.r.«e I^aiiv/ay to the Pwi !
plan •- ilf. Thfj*£'fiJh r,t Persia has '.frrar.t- '
'ed Bus. : ~f* ::■:■■ rs«fon to build a railroad ■
Mtt sevt. • '.::«st3 for;.tho protection r»£
the mr& "^ ■ ;
MARIN DAIRYMAN
REPORTED MISSING
Sheriff Taylor Asked to
Investigate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOLINAS, April 29.— The residents
of this community are considerably
perturbed over the disappearance of
Frank Silva, v well-known dairyman.
The circumstances are such that to
day sheriff Taylor was communicated
With a 1 asked !<■ ma 1 an investiga
tion by ttv relatives of the missine
man. who fear Silva may have beea
the victim of foul play.
Silva lived on what is known as the
Lake ranch, a few miles from town,
and th>'i-i' conducted a dairy farm, with
three brothers as partners. -He was of
a sober ..nd Industrious disposition and
Haver drank to excess.
Shortly before h»- vanished Silva
stood near the rear entrance of the
house engaged in conversation with one
of his brothers, named Manuel. After
a chat they i Lrted, Manuel fcoine to
the barn and Frank into the house.
When the time came to milk the cowb
Frank was nowhere to be found. At
first nothing was thought of this, de
spite the regularity of his habits, but
at the expiration of a half hour the
others repeatedly halloed for him to
make his appearance and assist in the
duties of the ranch. No response com
ing to these calls, one of the brothers
went t'> the house, but the man he
sought was not there. The next morn
ing the brothers grew alarmed and
came to town t<> -see if Frank had been
h( re, but nobody had seen him.
To-day Sheriff Taylor was notified of
the disappearance and will make a
prompt investigation. Searching par
ti, s here traversed the hills and the
beach, but no clew has been obtained.
Many believe the missing man may
have wandered away in a moment of
mental aberration, but at this theory
th<- brothers scoff. They say he was al
ways liehthearted. had no cares to
wmry him and must have been mur
dered and his body hidden.
FOUR WARRANTS FOR
FIVE MILLIONS EACH
Settlement of the Account With.
Spain Growing Out of the
Recent War.
WASHINGTON, April 29.— At the re
°st of the Secretary of State, the
T ury Department to-day drew four
Vr.'« ■•■! States diplomatic settlement
v; - -n "or $5,000,000 each in the dis
charge: of the treaty obligations of the
United State, to Spain. The warrants
; directed .the Treasurer of the United
Btat£a to r Uie'a several sums to his
Excellency Jaied Cambon, Bmbassador
Extrnprdiriary und Minister PleniDo
i'.t^nUjry of France, representative of
j.the Government of Spate. Th? war
rants vrere signed by F. .A. .ulerlip,
£ -:• ; si an • 5e ■et ary of the Treasury :
by F. J. Traceweij Comptroller: by C.
hM. Force, chief cttrk, and by Ellis H.
r.Kftberts Treasurer; yho irected the
! As,i3tan{ TivPFurr- ftf the United
{ Stat ?? j a t jCftv,- "i ■■-• jay them.
It --as Mr V, . i [pfs intention to
I personally deliver tr> arrants to the
; -'C'retuiy of State this afternoon, and
j;. fprit) c ;' receipt had been prepared for
n's signature, but Mr. Hay
1 t,3lce earlier than usual, so the
i ;riai:;*-i to the French Embassador
' .m,,..!! . iitii Monday.HOME RULE IN
COUNTY AFFAIRS
Magnitude of New Local
Government Scheme.
IT IS GREAT TRANSFORMATION
LANDLORD DOMINATION HAS
BEEN SWEPT AWAY.
John Dilloru Michael Dnvitt and Wil
liam O'Brien Tell of the Bene
fits to Ireland Under the
New System.
h to The Call.
RK, April 29.— A special ca-
I from London says:
still only hall
transformatl.
peration of th<
v the
■
rule in all purely coum
John Dillon, M. P., Michael Davitt,
M. P., and William O'Brien, who took
the most prominent personal part in
the election contests which swept away
landlord domination, have given to the
World signed statements embodying
their views of the effects of this revo
lution. J<-hn Dillon writes:
'Since Union Irish counties have been
governed and taxed for local purposes by
errand Jurles-^-nominated bodies, with no
«'iecti'»l element and always must persist
ent and potent enemies <>f the national
cause-Hheir resolutions had great weight
In England and were largely instrumental
in defeating Gladstone's two home rule j
Villa. Under the new act popularly elected :
County Councils take over the powers and !
"luti.'s .if grand juries. Strong appeals j
TRer<! made to tho people by the Unionists;
even by some Nationalists, that County ]
Council elections be fought on pqliti
cal lines. Inn \ felt bound to urge that the
elections shimid be fought on straight
political issues.
That policy was universally l>ted,
with the result that unionism has been
practii ally obliterated ii tnree southern
provinces, and even in Ulster the majority
of the elected Councilors are Nationaf-
Ists. < ".unity and district councils now
controlled by Nationalists will be a pow
erful means of pushing the national
cause.
Recent elections have hart the happy
effect of helping to put an end to dlssen-
Fions which have, paralyzed and disgraced
the National party for the last eight
years, and with the greatly increased
power which will come to the Nationalists
through the control of councils and the
reunion of the National forces in Ireland,
■which is now nearly complete, I look for
ward with confidence to the establishment
<~>f a genuinely national government in
Ireland at an early date.
JOHN DILLON.
... .
tl rty-two ■
I la ■■■ally
■ X.i
--• era relatii -
The new County
. • heir work well
form terms of
all
■ ■ ■ njoys,
• rural
bo were monop- ,
T
■ •
- and for
■■
■
: .
land.
■
■ or laws,
■
the powers
■ rmit.
■ which may be
■
■
These thirty-two small country parlia
ments represent the reconquest of rural
Ireland by Celtic forces, which ha^-e
fought during centuries at opportune
times and by varying methods for re
ligious, educational, social, industrial and
ju'littcal rights, and have always won in 1
the end; even against so unscrupulous a'
power as England.
The linal victory for national autonomy ■
cannot be lonp; delayed. Kritish statesmen j
must, soon see its inevitability as Glad-:
Btone saw it in "86 and ''.>■'.. A National j
legislature for Ireland is as certain, !
therefore, as is the permanency of the re- 1
public which the last Irish Parliament
hailed and encouraged at Its birth. We
expect that the Congress of the .United
States will return the compliment to the
fatherland of Carroll. Andrew Jackson
end Phil Sheridan before long.
MICHAEL WITT.
William O'Brien, founder and prin- ;
cipal figure of the United Irish Lea cue] j
which is now as supreme throughout
Connaught as the land league wa? in
ADVERT} SEMENTS.
£-a Most women approach
tx. the critical period of
/■• > 1 motherhood for the first
% _^2j& time with a sense of
*j£\ dread and foreboding
mm A. \ lest the ruth-
/'•<» LV \ fiS less hand of
V^A^iL death should
%(v ?f '■ ic.v less hand
\V^ W> death should
i^?iS<-' v * A^* < snatch them
$p/ •v %t^., '*''""-*-• " away and leave
«KW«Kir. the expectant
\ '^^HEfcCi* 11 little darling:
/ fNEji^ motherless. But
nf Jr\ no woman who
V <M fortifies herself
p£,£ " with the Rlrength-
IH erring power of Dr.
VJSJ^ Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription need feel
one instant's misgiving about either her-
self or the prospective little one.
This matchless '" Prescription*" will give
her exactly the kind of healthy vitality
she needs and at the time she needs it
most. It will give elastic endurance to
the entire delicate organism involved in
motherhood. It will make the coming of
baby absolutly free from danger and nearly
free from pain.
It will insure the baby's start in life by
imparting, through its influence upon the
mother, that sturdy infantile vigor which
gladdens a mother's heart. It is the only
medicine which can be implicitly relied
upon for this purpose ; and the only rem-
edy expressly designed by an educated, ex-
perienced physician to give pel feet health
and strength to the delicate, special organ-
ism of women.
Mr. Joseph Ramsey, of Williams, Colleton Co.,
8. C, writes: "I have been using your medi-
cines for some time and am happy* to say that
they have done all that you claim for them. I
think they hare no equal in the world. I would
advise all women while in a delicate state
to use Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription, It
■hdrtens the time of birth and makes the labor
easier. My wife is the mother of five children
and -lie sufTered almost death in the birth of
them until this last one; the time of birth was
Bhort; and labor easy, from the use of Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription.,'
Dr. Pierce Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser used to sell for .50. now it is free.
It tells all about the home-treatment of
ordinary diseases. Several chapters are
devoted to the diseases of women.. Fora
paper -covered copy send .21 one -cent
stamps, to cover cost of mailing only, to
the World's Dispensary Medical Associa-
tion, Buffalo, N. V. : Cloth binding, 31
stamps. "Favorite Prescription" can be
Obtained in any good medicine store.
WADE BEEF COURT
SCORES GEN. MILES
WASIIIXO.TOX, April 2:'.— The Wide
Court of Inquiry to-day concluded Its
work in connection with the allegations
of Genera] W irning the beef
supplied to the army during the war
with Spain. The report was signed at
2:30 p. m. by every member of the
board, and s >on afterward the mem
bers of the court lefl the Lemon build
ing, where all the meetings in this city
have been held.
Colonel Davis, th r of the
court, carried the official copy of the
findings to the War Department, and
In the absence of Secretary Algei de
livered it to Acting S< cretary Mcikle
johii. Mr. Meiklejohn immediately
ed the document in an envelope and
, it to the White House,
whence it was dispatched to the Presi
dent in New York.
The report Is about 30,000 words in
length and goes fully into the questions,
which have been raised in connection
with the army beef.
The texi has not be< n made public
and will not until after the. President
shall have read it. it will tnen rest
with him to say when the report shall
yen to the public. The verdict,
is known to be that the
jes which General Miles made be
the War Investigating Committee
not sustained in reference to the
■ rated beef, although his conten
mned roast beef was not
i tinuous ration is admit-
There is direct criticism of General
tiling to promptly bring to
the atti ntion of ilv War Department
■ ports made to him concerning
: al individuals" are
red for failing to observe the pro
: their positions as command
rs in this and other respects.
: the report as made by
lated Press <>n the Bth inst.
mi accurate one. As was then
I ■ whose candidates prac
tically carried all before them in that
province, writes:
revolution swifter or mo;-"
lias transfi
ill.- local i ■ i reland T
-rulers. The first me< ui^> "f the
ouncils vi.- Nationalist
■n. -ii were a great success. Their
business capacity was as striking
ghness. i'■ nnor
O'Kelly. chairman of the Mayo County
: advanced
new school of United lush Nationalists,
such ability
thai Ist mlnoi I
to him.
It is now rumored
d Balfour's contemplated coercion
campaign against the United Irish I.
• would Involve
conflict with representative in
stitutions just established by law. Mean
v, hi!> - taken for an i
M.'ii "f th<- agitation for complete home
rule an I abolition of landlordism through
■I Ulster.
Another remarkable result of the recent
ution was to show < ■■■■■• ly i hal
squabbles among parliamentarians can be
put down by the country. None of the
parliamentary sections g
County Council campaign— two of
these sections, In fact, actively took the
: ■;. nists. Nevertheless, the
swepi tl Beld without troubling
themselves in the least with parliamen
putants. I: is felt th< Bam
■ne at next S Ption.
and that result will be to mak
a bwi lamentary factions as was
made >>f the Unionists last week and so
home rule again the burning ques
tlonofthenextPariiamen^ Q . BBJSSf
POPE LEO IS STILL
STRONG MENTALLY
NEW YORK, April 20.— A cablegram
to the World from London says: Card
inal Vaughan, who has just arrived in
Rome, gives his impression of the
Pope's condition in a letter which the
World correspondent is enabled to send.
He writes:
"It is two years since I last say I
■ holy father. He 1 hen look<
though full 'of vivacity and intelligi nee.
The only change I see in him now Is
in his complexion — instead of being
white as wax, it is much darker in tint.
He n Lie more bent, but In
other respect does he a]
changed.
■■Inning the last week the holy father
has been giving a
fore talking every morning from 10
ick till 1 or l :30 p. m., and he at
tends to business as usual. 1 found
him • ■' inten sted in all sub
on which we spoke and as full of
intelligence and apparently as little af
. the Infirmities of old age as
he was two years ago. His voice is
particularly strong, so he is well able
ake himself heard even by persons
who are rather deaf."
NEW FORK, April 29. A cable to tho
Sun from London Enterprising
paper men In Ri me hay« been mak
', ing strenuous efforts to obtain .
. of the i.!"' 4 bull proclaiming
bilee ai th»> do ■ enl ury. It
• ■ ■' ■ < '
; 1 cent operation. It will b< Is-
sly in all the < latholic
ties of the Christian world on Ascen-
Tt will be found to be In the
, ii.it'. ■ ■ trewell exhortation to be
• faithful to the holy church and strenuous
in well doing. The Pope himself regards
it as his final announcement to the Cath
olic world.
TERRIBLE DISTRESS IN
RUSSIAN PROVINCES
L< >ND( >N, A] 'tors from the
famin-' pr( a harrow-
Ing story of distress. In the province of
Kazan, thi the famine district,
ity alone is feeding
people.
The relief delegate In the province of
Ufa ' i -.mts ran after him
. _• .: for food on their knees in the
st.ow.
The St. Petersburg Skyya Viedomosti
In a vivid description of the misery and
disease prevalent In Kazan Bays: "Crime,
and tho number of still-born In
fants have Increased and snow scurvy
typhus are devouring the population
b conflagration fanned by the wind;
but this la s case not of houses and I
but of human lives, being ■
Much Testimony Ruled Out.
WILLOWS, April 29. Very little was
done In the Murdock case to-day. The
defense put on several witnesses to prove
the financial standing of Samuel and Wil
liam Murdock at the tiinf tho big note
is alleged to have been Rlgned, but the
ruled "'it all such testimony. Court
n-ned at noon until Tuesday.
Monetary Legislation Plans.
ATLANTIC CITY. N. .).. April zs.— it la
announced that the plan:- of the pi ■,
monetary legislation, nnnn which the Re"-
Dublican caucus committt.-e has been en
for the last fortnipht. will be com-
I Monday nexi and that the commit
.,.. will then adj""rn subject to the call
, r the chairman, Mr. Henderson of lowa.
Earthquake in Indiana.
INDIANAPOLIS, hid., April ». A mild
earthquake shock was fell b<
□ m The vibration of tall buildings wafi
only slight. Cities In Southern Ind
report a more severe snook; namaping
buildings and shaking down chimneys.
Lucclieni Attempts Suicide.
VIENNA, April 29.— Word has been re
ceived here from Geneva that J-ucche-ni,
the assassin of the -Empress of Austria,
who is serving a rigorous life sentence
there, has tried twice recently to commit
suicide.
THE SAN FUANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
MAJOR GENERAL MILES.
stated the court takes the position that
the testimony is conclusive that bath
the refrigerated beef and the canned
beef were in good condition when de
livered to the Government and contin
ued so until issued to the troops, ex
cept in especial instances, when the
deterioration was due to accidental
c< ndltions in the transportation or to
the Influences of the tropical climate.
The report admits the liability of re
frigerated beef to taint quickly, after
removal from the ice chests. The court
finds the charges of "embalming" th<*
fresh beef to have been unsubstantiated
by testimony, and says no chemicals
were used to preserve it. It also says
that it would have been impracticable
:ur< beef on the hoof for the Cu
ban campaign. The finding is also ad
verse to ih. 1 assertion on the part of
General Miles that the use of the beef
was an experiment.
PORT TOWNSEND
BOASTS A GHOST
POUT TOWNSEND, April 29.— The water front contingent is greatly
excited over the appearance of a ghost in the dark alleyway back <.f
the office of Rothschild & Co.. ship brokers. The alleyway leads to the
slips at the docks. Captain William Breeze, a pioneer shipmaster on
Puget Sound, claims to have encountered the ghost on several o<jeu.si> us
during the dark hours of ni trhi when passing through the alley.
A' ■■■■ id'ng to Captain Breeze's statement, the ghost is that of a Ohi
nese with his head split in the center. It appears in the alleyway be
■n the hours of VI and 1 o'clock. The first appearance of the ghost
with its ghastly wound caused a thrill of terror to creep through the
nervous Byatem of the captain, and he lost no time in making a hasty
retreat. Bince th.n he has made several attempts to capture it and has
succeeded in getting within reaching distance. "When he would attempt
to lay his hands on the wraith, it would disappear.
[1 is claimed that on one or two occasions, when Night Inspector
phy of tlie customs service has 1 n making his nightly rounds in
search of opium smugglers, he has encountered the tomahawked Chi
jt Chinese never frequent this alley as a tradition exists
among thi-m that many years ago a Chinaman was murdered there by
a highbinder and his body was thrown into the hay.
Captain Breeze says that during his many years' experience at sea
in the various portions of the globe this his first encounter with a
ghost, and it is the first time that he ever realized a sensation of fear.
FLORAL FETE IN
CHARITY'S CAUSE
Close of the Redwood
City Carnival.
!i to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April 29.— T0-night
witnessed the close of ony of the most
successful flower carnivals ever held at
this place, Jind by reason whereof the
kindergarten association treasury fund
ins been augmented by several hun
dred dollars. Great credit is due the
ladies of the association for the suc
cessful manner in which the carnival
was arranged and conducted. Interest
in the fete grew larger as the end drew
near, until to-night the capacity of the
hall Mas taxed to its utmost to ac
commodate the crowd.
The exhibitors have taken extra pains
to make their display complete and at
tractive, changing tho flowers every
day and rearranging their exhibits. M.
Lyncb's large display of sweet peas at
tracted much attention and was greatly
admired. From fifty to seventy-five
' varieties were always to be seen at his
booth, each bunched separately. The
carnations shown by the Krieg &
Goertzhaim nursery are one of the best
collections ever seen here, some of the
flowers measuring three inches in di
ameter, all perfect In development.
McClellan's display was probably the
moßt artistically arranged of any and
contained the largest varieties of flow
ers, both growing and cut. Mrs. Glen
nan, a local amateur, had a display of
wild ferns that is rarely equaled. Mrs.
. C. Ross of Belmont, also an
amateur, deserves much praise for
her display, as well as for her gen
erosity in bringing flowers for decora
tive pur]" ■
This afternoon large wagon loads of
flowers were brought here to replace
those put up yesterday. After the com
pletion of the exercises this evening all
the exhibitors donated their cut flow
ers to the association, which auctioned
it., in off in bunches to the highest bid
der. Quite a sum was realized for the
kindergarten. An entertaining pro
gramme was rendered, being distinc
lvely a kindergarten affair, as follows:
0 solo Miss Grace Barrett
Vocal duel
..Misses Gertrude and Pauline Heoger.
at ion Harlan Mansfield
Kindergarten songs and games
By the school
Flower song
F. Casey, B. Fitzgerald and Rose
J [ammerson.
Recitation Florence Sfelter
Character song Frank Chavis
Recitation Alleen Glennan
1 Sung Hazel Hammerson
The Elite Orchestra was in attend
ance, and after the exercises were over
the hall was cleared and dancina: was
indulged in until a late hour. Socially
I this has been the event of the season.
Financially the affair has proved most
satisfactory to the management of the
; association.
LIBERAL CONTRIBUTIONS
FOR STORM SUFFERERS
Those Made Homeless by the Tornado
Now Bdng Liberally
Provided For.
KIRKBVILLE, Mo., April 28.—Subscrip
tions aggregating nearly 16008 were re
ceived to-day for the storm sufferers,
about half of the amount being contrib
Much attention is given to the charges
concerning the canned roast beef, and
it is stated that the testimony proves
it to have been wholesome and nutri
tious where used in moderation and
under favorable circumstances. The po
sition is taken that too much of this
ariicle of food was supplied to the men.
and that under the circumstances it
was unpalatable and found undesirable
as a continuous ration. The fact is set
forth that the canned roast beef had
not been used to any appreciable ex
tent before the beginning of this war,
and it is therefore regarded as a prac
tically untiled ration.
In view of this fact, the commissary
general of subsistence is roundly crit
icized for the purchase of the meat in
such extensive quantities. As to the
character of the meat for wholesome
cases and nutrition, the reports of Pro
fessors Atwater and Chittenden are
quoted at length, sustaining the claims
in this respect. The instructions of
the President are followed closely in
order and all the points indicated by
him as being those upon which he de
sired that inquiry should be made are
covered.
Accordingly, the court finds that the
meat was not "doctored" that it was
the beef of commerce; that there was
no more neglect than was incidental to
the hurried preparation for the war:
that the inspection, while generally ac
cording to regulations, was not always
up to the requirements; and that th"
sickness of the troops was not to any
great degree occasioned l>y the use of
either the canned or the refrigerated
beef.
On the other hand, it is explained
that General Miles himself did not re
port during the war that the l eef.
either refrigerated or canned, v n
fit as a ration, other officers wlv v'e
their testimony before the court i. T ere
found also to have neglected what the
court conceives to have been their duty
in this respect, and all are blamed for
this failure. But the court does not
think further proceedings necessary.
lit. '1 by Kirksvllle residents. Contribu
tions varying from $5 to $!iOO have been
coming in from all over the country from
Indlylduals and corporations. Governor
Stephens lias pent a contribution of
$50, with an offer to issue a proclamation
calling for a general donation from the
people of the Sta.te.
Nothing is lacking for the comfort of
the sufferers. Mayor Noonan said to
nipht that the immediate Wants of the
Bufferers are temporarily provided for,
but that colthing and money will soon !>>■
greatly needed. He has sent a call for
financial aid to the Mayors of Keokuk,
Dcs Moines and Ottumwa. and they have
assured him of a liberal response.
VAST IMPROVEMENTS
GOING ON IN LONDON
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, April 29.— While New. York
is just about to. begin the construction of
an underground road to relieve the. pres
sure of surface and elevated traffic, Lon
don has found the system so necessary
that a new line of tunnels extending un
der the city more than seven miles is
nearlng completion.
For some years past at various points
between the Bank of England and Shep
herd's Bush large boardings Inclosing
shafts have been eyesores to Londoners.
The work is now in its final stage, and
shortly -passengers will be shot through
tunnels at an average depth of eighty
feet below the surface from the heart of
the city to the suburbs.
Along the same Line of improvements is
a new tunnel under the Thames, near the
West India docks, and also a foot passen
ger tunnel under the river at Greenwich.
Then the London County Council is ac
tively engaged in preliminary work to
the construction of great thoroughfares
from Holborn to the Strand, an artery
between these two crowded centers, which
has been a vital necessity for many years.
Another project in connection with im
provements at Charing Cross station will
ajso make a great change in the existing
surroundings. The sum of money it is
estimated' that these municipal improve
ments will cost is about thirty millions
of dollars, while the underground railroad
: will cost at least as much more. The new
avenue sweeps away the Gaiety Theater,
but leaves the historic Lyceum to one
side. Toole's old theater is among tho
buildings to be removed, and this intended
improvement at the upper end of the
Strand will remove the Opera Comique
and Globe theaters, and the Charing
Cross changes include the demolition of
the Avenue Theater.
LADY SOPHIE SCOTT
HAS PROBABLY ELOPED
Special Table to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1596, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, April 29.— Society has been
busy whispering about the disappearance
from her home of Lady Sophie Scott, wife
of Sir Samuel Scott. M. P., and daughter
of Karl Cadogan, Lord Lieutenant of Ire
land. Bocietj papers refer to it as an al
legi ii elop< ment, and while no gentleman's
name has appeared in print in connection
with the affair, society is convinced thai
wherever the fair lady may be v dashing \
,yV Ullf W my offlcer )s n °t far distant.
Ine affair was a severe blow to the Earl I
and Countess Cadogan, who were In
formal of their daughter's sudden depart
ur« while they were entertaining the Duko
and Duchess of York at Imblin
One fashionable paper, commenting on
several scandals which have disturbed
the even tenor of society, says that the
introduction of distinctly Becond rate men
who are only tolerated because they dance
and who only dance in order to "■■'( t < blc
houses is responsible, and points out Hurt
really smart men who refuse to dance
must either be persuaded or the number
of dances curtailed.
Divorce Not Legal in England.
LONDON, April 29.-Newspapers here
publish an interview with "a very eminent
Q. C," on the divorce, of Justin Huntlev
McCarthy by his wife. Cissy Loftus This
hlgli authority is reported as saying: "The
decree is of no value whatever In Eng
land. If either party marries again here
he or she will be guilty of bigamy. They
may do what they like In America, but so
far as tho English law is concerned the
divorce is a humbug."
FOR FREEDOM,
NOT EXPANSION
Policy of German-Amer
ican Newspapers.
IMPERIALISM A GREAT WRONG
REPUBLICANISM SHOULD NOT
EE SUPPLANTED.
•'Manifest Destiny" Docs Not Mean
That Weaker Peoples Are to 2>e
Subjugated by Over
whelming Force.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, April 29.— The Westliche
Post will to-morrow print an article in
the English language defining the pol
icy of all German-American papers in
this country regarding Americanism
against imperialism. » he article in
part follows:
' Mmc and again the attempt has been
made to supplant American republicanism
with imperialism. Time and again Ameri
can patriotism and that high and far
seeing love of mankind which unites men
of all countries in a common brotherhood
of humanity have rallied and won against
it. When, half a century ago, we had the
I same cries of "manifest destiny/ the
"'conquering Saxon." "expansion" and all
the rest we are hearing over again now,
Americans as radically opposed to each |
other in most tilings as were Calhoun and j
Corwin joined with Clay, Webster, Lowell,
Clayton and Clemens against it.
What American can read this without
an indignant refusal to consent that the
blood of tnose once our allies shall "sat
urate the soil" on which they were born
that we may be praised by the London
'i lines for our '"nook- work for progress"
in furthering Hritisli plans fur dismem
bering and robbing China?
What is there iii stalwart Americanism
(its native Americanism, if you will) ex
cept what Qerman-Americans are saying
it was in declaring that they gav< up
i home and friends and came thousands of
\ miles to an unknown country Tor the love
not of British colonialism hut of Armri- \
can republicanism. To iliat they are loyal j
; now and always. To Americanism, not to
thi British commercialism of the bayonet;
to Americanism, to liberty, to progress;
1 to freedom from militarism, to the expec
tation of a time to come when the world
will be no longer shackled by Imperial-
Ism with its bayonets and fetters; to that
German-Americans who renounced im
perialism in Europe are devoted now as
: they were lifty years ago, when they lis
! tened to Seward, as he said of these
same "expansionists": "Sir, they have
sent the American eagle abroad, bearing l
not the olive branch but a shackle in his
talons." The Hag of this great republic
stands now, not tor what the London
i Times approves but for what it meant
1 wlun Seward stood under it to utter this
; immortal sent< nee.
Such republicanism as that was not his,
: nor is it that of anj local German-Amer
■ lean, or of any other American who is
loyal to his hag and to his country. May
heaven forbid that it ever should be. May
the time never come when the American
l pie will applaud those who drabble a
< flag dedicated to freedom and human
progress in the blood of men who die on
their own soil resisting the same princi
ple of British lm< priailsm, against which
Ami r leans triumphed at forktown and
New Orleans,
Such ideas will never prevail In Amer
ica. Anj party which commits itself to
i them will bt» wiped out of existence. Any
: leader who attempts to check civilization
and progress and American institutions
and American principles will be repudiat
ed and disgraced; any foreign nation
which, for Its own selfish purposes, at
tempts to use the American people as a
catspaw in schemes of fraud and vio
lence will find Itself the victim of the re
: actions of its own violent scheming. Jus
• tice., liberty, progress through justice and
liberty, until the whole world is elevated
by our national life as it lias been by the
Individual life of Washington— that is the
I manifest destiny of America— for that the
flag stands and for that Gorman-Amcri
j cans are willing now, as they have always
been, to siake everything, knowing that
| when issues are made against liberty and
! In favor of Imperialism everything is at
stake f,,r them, the American flag and for
all that is worthy of survival in the world.
Leopold to Visit America.
LONDON, April SO.— According to the
Brussels correspondent of the Daily Mail
the Belgian royal yacht is preparing for
» thru- months' cruise, in the course of
which King Leopold will visit th>j United
States.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant, Simple, Safe but Effectual Cure
for It.
Catarrh of the stomach has long been
considered the next thing to incurable.
The usual symptoms are a full or
bloated sensation after eating, accom-
panied sometimes with sour or watery
risings, a formation of gases, causing
pressure on the /jugs and heart and
difficult breathing; hea'ache, fickle ap-
petite, nervousness and a general
1 played out and languid feeling.
There is often a foul taste in the
: mouth, coated tongue, and if the inter-
ior of the stomach could be seen it
; would show a slimy, inflamed condition.
The cure for this common and ob-
stinate disease is found In a treatment
which causes the food to be readily and
thoroughly digested before it has time
to ferment and irritate the delicate
mucous surface of the stomach.
To secure a prompt and healthy di-
gestion is the one necessary thing to
do, and when normal digestion is se-
cured the catarrhal condition will have
disappeared.
According to Dr. Ilarlanson the safest
and best treatment is to use after each
meal a tablet, composed .of Diastase,
Aseptic Pepsin, a • little Nux, Golden
Seal and fruit acids.
These tablets can now be found at all
1 drugstores under the name of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, and, not being a
patent medicine, can be used with
perfect safety and assurance that
healthy appetite and thorough, diges-
tion will follow their regular use after
meals.
Mr. N. J. Booher of 2710 Dearborn
street, Chicago, 111., writes: "Catarrh
is a local condition, resulting from a
neglected cold in the head, whereby the
lining membrane of the nose becomes
inflamed and the poisonous discharge
I therefrom, passing back into the throat,
reaches the stomach, thus producing
catarrh of the stomach. Medical au-
j thorities prescribed for me three years
for catarrh of the stomach without
cure, but to-day I am the happiest of
men after using only one box of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I cannot
find appropriate words to express my
good feeling. 1 have found flesh, ap-
petite and sound rest from their use."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the
safest preparation as well as the sim-
plest and most convenient remedy for
any form of indigestion, catarrh of the
stomach, biliousness, sour stomach,
heartburn and bloating after meals.
Send for book, mailed free, on stom-
ach troubles, by addressing the F. A.
Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich. The tab-
lets can be found at all drugstores.
1 n _ ■ v Eyes Scientifically
,—^/k— iTr^-^s Tested. Perfect
Q-'—^ / \c^7^ Specialty.
TEST lNGiifty^ FREE 877 Market St.
CONSOLIDATED OPTICAL CO.
COLLIER SCINDIA
GOES TO SAMOA
Will Be Sent From This
City Very Soon.
CARRIES RAPID FIRE GUNS
EFFICIENT FOR OPERATIONS
AGAINST THE REBELS.
The Abarenda, Which Will be the
Station Ship at Pago-Pago,
Leaves Hampton Roads
for Her Destination.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 9.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Ar
rangements are being made by the
Navy Department to send another col
lier to Samoa, which will be most effi
cient for operations against the rebels
there. The Scindia, now at San Fran
cisco, Cal., is to be equipped with four
additional six-pound rapid-firing guns,
and possibly machine guns. The ves
sel is now supplied with four six
pounders, so that she will have a for
midable battery of small rapid-firing
guns, which will be able to do great
execution in case of trouble on shore.
The Scindia will carry 4550 tons of coal
to Samoa.
The collier Abarenda, which will be
i the station ship at Pago-Pago, left
I Hampton Roads to-day for Montevideo,
! f-n route to her destination. Commander
j B. F. Tilley, commanding the Abaren
; da, will be commandant of the station,
i and his ship will be permanently as
signed to duty In Samoan waters.
Upon the arrival of the Abarenda and
Scindia this Government will have in
! Samoan waters besides these vessels
j the Philadelphia, Badger and collier
Brutus and the cruisers Newark and
Mrnblehead will be in easy call if any
additional men-of-war are needed.
CHAMBERLAIN TALKS
CONCERNING THE BOERS
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, April 29.— Referring to a
speech made by the Secretary of State
for the Colonies. Joseph Chamberlain,
early in the week, explaining that the
massing of a large British force in South
Africa waa due to the fact that the Boers j
had erected forts at Pretoria and Jo
hannesburg is legarded as a menace to j
Great Britain, the speaker declares that
the speech was quite as mischievous and
unjustifiable as Captain Coghlan's and
that it has given greater offense to the
Boers than captain Coghlan's gave to the i
Germans, and Mr. Chamberlain's Indiscre
tion wiis |ust as useless as Coghlan's.
In connection with the foregoing re
marks of Mr. Chamberlain another Indi
cation that the causes of friction between
Great Britain and the Transvaal con
tinue to Increase is given in the announce- I
incut by Mr. Chamberlain yesterday even-
Ing that Great Britain had Informed
President Kruger that the dynamite con
cession by the Transvaal was a breach!
of the London convention. The Daily]
Mail, commenting upon this statement.
Bays: "Kruger's sands are fast running |
out and the hour Is approaching when
England must take action."
CLOSED MONDAY-DEWEY DAY.
When you buy one of our all-wool,
ready-to-wear suits for
#3
the transaction is in your
favor, and for many reasons:
First— The suits are worth the price; but
the best test of that is your wearing the
suit quite a while, $nd our guarantee holds
good all this time.
Second— You can have your money re-
turned if you are dissatisfied with the suit.
Third— We agree to keep the suit in
repair free for one year.
With the low price of the suit and the protection
that goes with it don't you think that you are favorably
treated? Do you see how you run any risk at all?
Boys' Middy Suits.
For boys from 3to 8 years. All-wool suits with
colored collars and vests, trimmed with soutache
some same color throughout.
$2 45 a suit.
S.N.WOOD&CO.
718 Market Street.
Country Orders filled.-
STARR MAY HAVE
JOINED THE ARMY
One Theory Advanced
by Officers.
CLAIM TO HAVE EVIDENCE
RECRUITING STATIONS HAVE
BEEN NOTIFIED. *
Belief Gains Ground That the Miss
ing Pasadena Man Planned to
Envelop His Departure
in Mystery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 29.— Officers
and friends of the Starr family have
been diligently following to-day all
clews presented in an attempt to
fathom the mystery surrounding the
disappearance of Hillary S. Starr, the
superintendent of the Oak Knoll Ranch,
near Pasadena. This activity was stim
ulated by the rewards offered. The
ground was carefully gone over and the
search extended into li-nes that had not
heretofore been exploited.
The opinion has gained strength that
Starr left his home of his own volition,
with the avowed intention of enlisting 1
in the army. Officers who have made
a close study erf all attending circum
stances assert that a discovery made
to-day supports this theory. This is
embodied in the appearance of the
broken leather watchchain that wad
found where the mysterious struggle is
supposed to have taken place. The
remnant found bears evidence of hav
ing been prepared beforehand, as it ia
from the middle of the chain, leaving
I the buttonhole guard and the piece at
tached to the ring Intact.
Lieutenant Hunt, who is in charge of
the United States recruiting station
here, says that no one bearing Starr's
description has applied for enlistment
there, for if Starr desires to enter the
army he must do so in San Diego or
San Francisco. A black mole on Starr's
back will lead to his identification
should he have used an assumed name.
Sheriff Hammell will notify all recruit
ing stations and give descriptions.
While this theory is adhered to by
! many others assert that Starr was as
> sailed and that he has wandered oft
i and will die of starvation, and the flnd
: ing rrf his bleached bones will some day
unravel the mystery.
LOST THE WAGER
BUT WON A WIFP
NEW YORK, April 29.— Captain G. Mel
ville Boynton, who two y<us ago made a
j wager to start fmm San Francisco with-
I out clothes and without money and to
i make his way around the world, returned
here to-day as a passenger by the Lu
cania. having abandoned the undertaking.
In a Imiiiin picture gallery he fell in
love with the portrait of a young woman,
and looking up the 'original married her
'in Edinburgh a few wee&s later. It was
.iust after being nearly mobbed in Spain
1 during (he war that he decided to ahan
' don his trip around the world. He accord
! ingly rejoined his wife. ami. spending hi 3
honeymoon in Scotland, came on to this
country.
34
ENGLAND AND
RUSSIA AGREE
Sign Self-Denials as to
China.
Copyrighted. 0559, by the am **<J Pr*es.
LONDON. April 29.— The announce
ment that England and, Russia, have
s-lgned a pelf-denying" agreement re
garding China, which iE Intended to put
an end to the contention over railway
and other concessions in that country,
is the most important news of.tbe.day.
' It is officially confirmed here this after
noon, and the papers are running it
with big head llr^es.- The news comes
on top of George J. Goschen's
speech on "Wednesday last, in the
-course of which,. .aCter- taking, an-opti
mistic view ...f the political Future, and
"with reference .to agreements arrived
at with France and Germany, he said:
' **A friendly understanding with Rus
sia is also on t,he eve of conclusion."
The present agreement puts an end
to the Anglo-Russian struggle in China
and is tantamount to a settlement of
the questiun of the sphere of Influence
of the two count rier. Under the agree
ment Great Britain has undertaken not
to press railway or other concessions
in North China, while Russia agreta to
the Bntish d-mar.d that no part of the
ba<in of the Yang-Tsc-Klang shall be
allotted. Russiu also . recogniten ex
piiritly that British commercial inter
ests are supreme in the Yang-Tse-
Kiang basin, which is understood to
extend .-t considerable distance north
and scu;h of the rivf-r. though no at
tempt h»9 be°r. made to ... the re
gion. Ev.--:-thinsr recently has pointed
to Russia's desire for a settlement, in
order to allow the successful exploita
tion of the Siberian Railway, and also
with a view to raising money in Great
Britain for the development of the in
dustries of Russia. Tht activity of
Russian bankers and agents of the
Russian Ministry of Finance in Lon
don has borne testimony to the finan
cial end that Russia has in view.
Strong proof, of the anxiety of the
Russian Government to tap English
capita! appeared in the publication in
the London Times of a secret memo
randum recently submitted to a cora
mittee of Russian ministers by M. de
Wltte, the Minister of Finance, who
frankly states therein that Russia can
not dispense with foreign capital. Re
ferring to Russia's agricultural depres
sion. M. de Witt*:- pointed out tha free
trade England is the only mark iii
which Russia can rind relief. England,
he said, is the largest buyer of the ag
ricultural produce world. yet up
to the present tim* Russia has hardly
cny footing in the English market. M.
• Wittc- adduced statistics of English
reports of cattle, sheep, wheat and
floyr, shov.-ir.fr that in each rase, ex
rept that of sheep. th«^ United States
•• \ ■< rwheimingly headed the nations.
.vhile Russia was at the "bottom of the
'.:•:. H<- therefore urged the •■ring
.' Ruf-Hiaji ua'le with England and en-
up«in .'"the importance of Eng
land for placing of Russian funds,"
and the "necessity of attracting British
capitalists by the stability of the agri
culture regulations of Russia," and
<jthirivisc- inspiring confidence.
To-day's announcement of the Chi
nes? Fettlfment is one of the first of
the fruits of M. de Witte's policy, and It
will undoubtedly have an Important
bearing upon the- future relations of the
two cou n tries. -
FLOWER CARNIVAL OF
SANTA ROSA CHILDREN
Littie Beryl L-e Baron Crowned Queen \
of the Juvenile Rose
Fete.
SANTA ROSA. April Jj.-The chiklrr-n
of this city held their annual juvenile rose
carnival this afternoon. In a general way
it had been planned along the line? of the
famous carnival of roses held in this city
ir. ]-:«') and it was quite a success.
Little Br-ryl Le Baron, a tiny miss with
Just four summers -to her credit^ officiated
as 'lUf-f-n of the' carnival. Her coronation
took place Fourth street shortly after
2 o'clock. In front of tru- elegant residence
of Dr. James \V. Clark. The queen's
nu:il= of honor were Helen worth,
Clara Stromgren. 'Luella Sihbald, Ada
Cline, May Hodgson and ' Gladys Carith
r-rs. Mi«s Ada Cline placed the floral
wreath upon the sovereign's brow.
Previous to the coronation the parade
took place. The queen's flo.-it, upon which
she was surrounded l>y her court, con-
Pistf-d of th* . ■ boat Damon, built at'eon
eiderable expense for the great Pythian
carnival held in this city last year. The
parade passed through the principal
streets and around the Courthouse
Square.
Th< promoters of the fete were Beatrice
Nasb: Mabel Le Baron, Klsie Hadrich.
M»ud Griffin. Hattie Liranger. and Lena
S-"!romeren. A large number of spectators
v>ctk present to witness both the parade
and the coronation.
KEEPS UP THE PRICE
FOR SUGAR BEETS
DECOTO. April . 29.— Although the Alsv-
Baeda Sugar ' Company at Alvarado ex
pecta to recfivf- a low price for Its sugar
this yr-ar. It has not lowered the price
paid to th<? farmers for their beets. This
remains at $4 50 /per ton. The acreage in
Eight ia 4W ( . compared with 6000 last-year.
Superintendent Burr pays that during th*
last three years the company has been
building up bußlnces. In I&3G tjie yield
rwaa only 14 tons to the acre ,» for* 5000
acres. The n'-xt year owing to the drought
there were only 10 ions for the same acre
rp.c. Last year.it fell. .to a little over .7
tons for WOO.-*3<vres. The output of sugar
last ►-ar was 7.250,000 pounds.. With less
acr^agff but a •totter yield thiß season-the
company eocpfeetf ■ greatly Increase- this
figure.. At present crops promise to be
:«-f-ny lar£e. ';.'"' •" '
. ADVEBTISEMEtfTS.
.^sTteQldßlervd
■jd vv ivi ji\y
' Imlßtft ltJmM iffl r<toTi ™*
ujfiffljtM&jffi\ Orisi rval
I^f:--p55r b v r fi tx fe» Recipe
ALL Oat m . tatnm to v b9m
EDINBIRCH w LONDQN^er-ui I . - •
. oOm pUc« 00 tkdr raid, i« item \? >**
, • irptii 10 tM 'WHITE HOUSE CELLAR.- . .».' .
'' is KDIKBfRCH. .1 which pUn t)^> b* ''
I TBCtmi to • STAGE COACH mr, Uoxda? .
Md F«io«». wt^li pvfonu Urn »hoi« knn t
• \ 1. cif Un Or Co) ptnurnj, uo m (iS
' U tut a It* tximiz-s.
. ! ' "AUo««f «ok puiesfa 14 poanlt ngU. ' '■ " '
/** —7. n}»
41 WHITE HORSE CELLAR"
SCOTCH WHISKY
From
Mackie it Co., Islay. Scotland.
CHARLES MEINECKE & CO..
Agents Pacific Coast; 314 Sacramento Street,
tan Francisco, Cal.
J. H. MARCUSE.
Grand Inside Sentine', Native Sons of
the Golden West,
♦
The gentleman chosen for this high office at the Grand Parlor meet- ,
ing in - ' °' l!l " l " ■" t known and most enterprising business
■ - ntly ..
the affairs of the Natives in Calif 4
YALE SPRINTERS
WIN THE HONORS
Carnival of Relay Races
at Philadelphia.
.
PHILADELPHIA. April 2S.— Yale vcar
ried off thft honors at. the- annual carnival
of relay rac«-s held under the auspices of
the University of Pennsylvania on Fxank
lln fit-Id to-day, the ■wearers of the blue
winning the one-mil-, two-mile and four
mil*: championship relay ra'c.s. Although
Pennsylvania was disappointed in the
outcome of these events, she. is happy be
cause cine of her men now holds tne
i road jump record, A. C. Kraenzlein. who
is also the American championship hur
dler, jumped 24 fret 3V-2 inches, breaking
the American record of 23 feel S"» inches,
held by L. Prinztein of .the New York
Athletic Clul*
. Over 3000 persons attended the carnival
of sport*. It was a. great success, over
eighty preparatory schools and colleges
being represented. The greatest race of
the day was the one-mile college relay
champfonship. There were three teams
entered in the event— Yale. Pennsylvania
and Chicago University. It was an ex
citing contest between the first two
teams. Gleason of Yale just beat Cooke
of Pennsylvania in the first quarter. The
! runr.- in the next quarter were Luce
i for Yale and Kraenzlein for Pennsyl
i vania. The latter made up the ground
lost by his predecessor, but soon played
! out. and when the third pair of men t. oil
i up th« running Yale had a lead of twenty
i yards. The final quarter was very ex-
I citing, the spectators rising and yelling
! like mad. The fleet Tcwksbury. for
| Pennsylvania, by a magnilicent dash al
| most caught Boardman, Yale '.- fourth
rum. The distance was too great,
! however, and the Tale man won the
t quarter and the rare by about ten yards.
: The Chicago University men could not
| stand the pace' and were out of it after
a half-mile had been run.
In the two-mile and tour-mile relay
championship Yale's man got a good
lead and won both events rather easily.
The one-mile relay race between Colum
: bia, Cornell and Lafayette was a good
contest, the Columbia team winning by
a smaJl margin.. There were more than a
dozen one-mile relay races between col
leges and preparatory schools, and many
were very closely contested. The sum-
One mile, college relay championship— C.
< Gleason, C. T. Luce, E. R. Fisher, D. Board
-1 man, Yale, first : '.'. Cook, A C Kraenzlein.
B. A. Deaken, .1 W. B. Tewksbury. Pennsyl
, vania, second: D. P. Trude. H. R. Slack. F. S.
' \Vhft<> W. A. Maloney, Chicago, third. Time,
. 2:24%.
One mile, relay— Johns Hopkins. Baltimore,
won; University of Maryland, second. Tim*,
2:«.
120 yards, special— J. V. B. Tewksbury. Penn
sylvania, won: J. F. Mulligan, Georgetown
University, second; H. F. Warren, Yale, third.
Time, 12 Records.
j One mile, intersoholaMle— South Jersey Insti
, tute won: Central High School, Washington,
D. C.,- second: Central High School, Philadel
phia, third. Time, 3:44 1-6. ',
Two-mile championship— Yal* won, Pennsyl
vania second. Time. S:10.
. High Jump— .TV. Carroll, Princeton., 6 feet 1
Inch, «ron; I. ,K. Baxter, Pennsylvania, second;
■ 8.8. Conkling. Haverford, third.
. Shot-put,* special— Richard Sheldon, New
, Yolk Athletic Cl-uli, 44 feet 7>4 Inches, won; J.
C. McCracken, Pennsylvania, second: O. Gar
land. Pennsylvania, third. Sheldon broke the
. Intercollegiate record of 4. feet ■- Inches made
by J. C McCracken.
• 220-ynrd har.«ll'-aj>— F. H. "Wam-n, Yale (2
yardfc), won; B. S. Sharp M yard*) second; G
I Drumheller,- Pennsylvania (5 . yards), third.
i Time,' 22V seconds.
Running broad Jump— A. C. Rraenslefai
Pennsylvania, leaped 24 feet 3H Inches, break
ing 1 1.«» American record of 23 feet 7 -. inches,
h<»ld by U. Prin/.tein. New York A«hl«tir Club;
Meyer Prlnztein. Syracuse University,2 3- feet'
2H inches, second; T. C. McClain. Pennsyl
vania, third. ■ ,
"Four-mile championship, Yale ami Pennsyl
vania—Yale, won easily. Time, 15:35.,
i One mile preparatory and hl^h school cham
i pionships— Hill School, Pottstown, Pa.,, won:
j Pouth- Jensey Institute, Hrldg-eton. second
; Berkeley School, New York, third. Time,
\ '3:35 3-5.*. • ■ • - . -■.*;.-.-.:',«..;•-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, April 29.— A postofflce
was to-day established at Polemo, Sacra
mento County. Cal., and Horace H. Price
appointed Postmaster.
.Pensions have been granted as follows:
• California: Increase— Frederick Badoux,
Porterville, $6 to 18; Charles B. Beath.
West Palmdale. $6 to $10; Edward Cam
pion, San Francisco, $S to $10.
Oregon: Original— Erastus W. Powers,
Morrison. $8. %.--./-
Army orders— Ry direction. of the Secre
tary of War, Captain Nathan P. Batchel
der, assistant; quartermaster, ■ United
States' Volunteers, recently appointed!
now In San Francisco,' will report in per
hun to Major Oscar F. Long, quartermas
ter. United States Volunteers, depot quar
termaster at that place, for duty.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Ira B. Ladd,
United States . army, will ijroceed from
Manila to San Francisco and report in
person to the chief surgeon, Department
THE BAN* FRAXCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
- ron
-
I ■
.■-■■ ttsburs
New York, and ••■
■ • • •
at 'if C&li
:
Howland.
miry.
■
•h Tnitcd
xamin
■ the Pre
-
I
aminaiier;
tspany
r&otry.
rged from
■ ■
Visalia's City Election.
■ I :
■
-
It la not
I
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS FREE
jFr— HUDYAN
I NERVOUS DYSPEPSIA 1
11 and all IB
% . Other Stomach Troubles I
•— 5O CENTS— * Jr
— "Oi/ \^Cdi\ 1 w >^r
THE SYMPTOMS OF STOMACH DISORDERS ARE VARIABLE. COMPLEX AND MISLEADING. THE MORE PROMI-
NENT ARE FEELING OF WEIGHT AND UNEASINESS AFTER EATING. IRRITABLE DISPOSITION. MELANCHOLIA. LOSS OF.
APPETITE, SOUR STOMACH. FLATULENCY, LACK OF ENERGY. DROWSINESS. TIRED FEELING. HEADACHE. DIZZY
SPELLS. COSTIVENESS. DISTURBED SLEEP. SALLOW COMPLEXION. COATED TONGUE. OFFENSIVE BREATH. EMACIA-
TION AND NERVOUSNESS. . ...
If you suffer with any of the abov£ symptoms, you will know that it Is your stomach that is at f;i"Ult. Hudyan will correct th«
evil. Hudyan will not only relieve you, but it will cure you permanently. Hudyan has cured thousands of. men and women . Hud-
yan will continue to cure. If you suffer the tortures of Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Catarrh of the Stomach. Ulceration of the Stomach,
etc., then you have yourself to blame. A helping hand is extended toward you. Hudyan is the helD. Hudyan is a certain cure: it
is a lasting cure. Hudyan has been tried and tested, and Is not an experiment. Hudyan makes flesh and blood, gives health and
strength. .'' i'~^,-".
CHICO, Cal. HOQUIAM. Wash. FRISCO. N. Mex.
Dear Doctors: I am feeling fine. ami. I- . Dear Doctors: I 'want to add my testl- Dear Sirs: I just wish to say that I am
owe this to Hudyan. My indigestion has mr.r.y to that of others in favor of your recommending Hudyan to all my friends, for
passed away, and J can now eat what I good medicine. I feel like a new being. I . I have reason to know it will do all you
wish and it don't distress me. My tongue am no longer nervous, and what I eat does claim for It. Hudyan cured me of stomach ■
Ib not coated any more, and bowels are not distress me. I have gained in weight ■ trouble that was of many years' standing
good. It has been quite a while sinee -I .and strength. I have not had one spell -of and after many other remedies failed Mv
took the last dose of Hudyan, and there has headache since I took the first dose of Hud- » appetite is fine, my headaches are gone my
been no return of my symptoms. I know the van. I owe my recovery solely to Hudyan. bowels are in splendid condition. I in so
core is permanent. Yours gratefully. Yours sincerely, , glad that I found your valuable medicine
W. H. MITZEL. MRS. H.JOHNSON. Yours respectfully. R. W. LEWIS
• HUDYAN WILL NOT DISAPPOINT YOU IF YOU SUFFER FROM ANY DIGESTIVE DISORDER. CONSTIPATION AND
TORPID LIVER QUICKLY YIELD TO HUDYAN'S INFLUENCE. HEADACHES AND NERVOUSNESS ARE PROMPTLY
CURED Ri Hv Di AN.
Hudyan is for sale by druggists; 50c a package, or six packages for {2 50.
. IF YOUR DRUGGIST DOES NOT KEEP HUDYAX, SEND DIRECT TO
THE HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts., San Francisco, Cal.
CALL OR HAVE THE PRIVILEGE OF CONSULTING THE HUDYAN . DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE. FREE- OF CHARQK
REVOLT AGAINS
MRS. K. A. TINGLEY
Insurgent Theosophists
Take Action.
EDecla! Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 23.— Independent I
theosophietE of this city met to-day in :
1 Lyric Hall to perfect an organization
opposed to Mrs. Katherine A. Tlnglev
and all her. works. The revolt against
the leader and official head, as Mrs.
Tingl^y terms herself, began last year \
when the successor to William fe- Judge 1
made the Theosophical Society in Am
erica a side issue of the Universal
i Brotherhood and summarily dismissed
; from the association several of the old
headquarters staff." They were. Elliott ,
'B. Page, James" M. Pryse.- John M.
Pryse. T. R. Prater and Mrs. Sarah ;
j Cape. ; ',•'•
Immediately there was an insurgent ■
camp of theosophists established, and
the gathering to-day, which was pre
liminary to a meeting to be held in the ;
same j place to-morrow, was the first
concerted charge on the works of the
enemy.
John M. Pryse issued the call for the
meeting. In his circular he paid con
siderable attention to Mrs. Tlnerlev. •
• though he did not mention her name. !
In response to this call, a dozen in
surgent theosophists gathered in the ;
'hall this morning. Mr. Pryse said he ;
' regretted the small attendance, but
that he had received word from many
i prominent members that they could
! not attend until evening. So the or-
I ganization meeting was postponed un- I
j til 8 o'clock. ! There was an informal j
i talk, and Mr. Pry?? said: "It is time j
j for theosophists who cannot co-oper- '
j ate in the work of using the cause for j
i personal aggrandizement of an mdi- j
j vidual to form a real theosophical soci- j
j ety. The present methods in the Uni- j
! versal Brotherhood are clearly de- i
signed for the destruction of the to —
sophical cause, and it is necessary to
form another aeent to carry on the
work originally intended."
Mrs. Cape declared that of the the- •
osophists in this city not 5 per cent
gave allegiance- to Mrs. Tingley.
"Where she is known," said Mrs. Cape,
"there her influence dwindles.. It is in
j other sections of the country she main
tains her hold."
The attendance at the evening ses
sion was smaller than was expected. A
resolution was introduced, which, after
deploring dissension among the leaders i
in iheosophy, provided that Colonel i
! Olcott. president of the theosophical bo- i
ciety, whose headquarters are In In- '
dia; E. A. heirr.er. president of
the theosophical or literary branch of
the Universal Brotherhood, and Dr. J.
D. Buck, president of the theosophical i
society in America, be reaueste I to
come themselves or send representa- .
tives to a convention in October of this '
| ear.
This meeting is expected to make ar
! rangements for a general convention in
j December, at which all the troubles. of
1 the theosophists may be settled.
It was decided to hold the resolution
) over until those who met have effected
'permanent organization.
Mrs. Tingley is on her way from Call
j fornia. where she attended the Univer
sal Brotherhood congress at San Diego.
Woodland vs. Vacaville.
WOODLAND, Apirl 29.— The Bohemian
! Baseball .Club will take it« departure on
| the early train Sunday morning for ,Va
; caville, where it will play a K;;me with
, the crack club of the fnilt belt. 1
HARVEST OF. DEATH
AT POWDER WORKS
Captain Stewart and
Four Others Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILMINGTON, Del., April 29.— Five
I men were killed and one fatally injured
! by the explosion of a powder press at
Dupont's- smokeless powder work to
; day at Carney's Point, N. J.. nearly op
i posite here. The dead are:
CAPTAIN STEWART. U. S. A dow
t der inspector.
HARVEY SMITH.
JOSEPH YEAGER.
ISAAC F. FRIENT.
AMOS MORRIS JR.
The latter four were workmen.
A workman named Russell was hor
! ribly mangled about the body and lost
; the sight of both eyes. He is not ex
pected to live.
The cause of the explosion is un
known.
It is believed that Captain Stewart
and one of the workmen were making
, a test of some powder in the Dress
■ mill when the explosion occurred. The
press mill was completely wrecked and
• a number of valuable presses were de
stroyed. Yeager, Smith and Frient had [
j Just left the mill. They and Morris
were instantly killed.
Captain Stewart was badiy Injured
and died shortly after. The noise of
the explosion could be heard plainly in
this city, although the Delaware P.iver
separates the two places. In the vicin
ity of the. powder works the greatest
excitement prevailed. The families of
\ the workmen flocked to the entrance
I of the works and made efforts to learn
j who had been killed. The utmost dis
cipline was observed within the place.
Guards were stationed at intervals
j around the works and it was impossible
'to gain admittance. Rhysicians were
1 summoned from points near by and
I members of the firm assisted in the
: work of caring for the remains of the
dead and affording the injured men
what relief they could. At the same
time they did all in their power to ease
■ the minds of the families of the work-
I men importuning for news. The loss in
] money is not known.
DEWEY DAY FEATURES
AT THE GARDEN CITY
Men of the Battleship lowa Will Be j
San Jose's Guests of
Honor.
BAN JOSE, April ».— AH is in readiness
for the Dewey day celebration next Mon
day and it will certainly be a gala occa
sion in Santa Clara County. Patriotism
will be given a free hand and everybody
will gather at Agricultural Park to honor
the hero of Manila Bay. The Art Build-
Ing Association has arranged a fine pro
gramme. Trie whole is to be in the na
ture of a basket picnic and reunion.
V."hi • the event is to be in commemora
tion of a national victory, It will take on
the effect of a floral fete. Never were
flowers so profuse in this city and valley,
and thtr<> will be tons and tons of flowers
and shrubbery used in decoration.
The officers and sailors of the lowa are
to be met at the depot and, after a short
reception, escorted to the park.
There will be all kinds of athletic sports
and games. Santa Clara College and btan r
ford Tniversity will meet in a ball game.
The lowa boys will be feasted and taken
for a drive about the city. They promise
to bring their goat mascot Billy, which
has a reputation of imbibing too freely on
such occasions, but a -strong temperance
guard will be placed over the creature.
• ADVERTISEZSZ-NTS. J^_U
STORE CLOSED TO-MORROW, "DEWEY BAY."
TUESDAY'S ATTRACTIVE OFFERINGS.
. DRESS GOODS DEPT,
to. as greater values for tne raw-
be had anywhere.
503 SERGE FOR 25c YARD.
EC pieces AM-Wool GenulneJ^nch B«Sfc
in slack and navy; 3j Inc^fJ^SSi'g^ — _
50c a yard: on sale Tuesday f0r.... IJIgC
Tsc
sal- Aches' '^•rxovrity"-snk_jij4 WoolJ
Puttings: wool ground shot tr ; r^'^.^-^ :
Biik: in an elegant range of roiors. ""f""
browns, new blues, green*, mig-
BLACK CREPONNES.
A n«w Invoice of Genuine Black Erg!:sh
Cr^ponne*.. in poplin ground--, rai^l eff^u j
witi trtlliant luster, has J'.>« arri . '/d. W
sell them quickly we have "» rl «£ . lfc *£ or : £
very low prices: come eariy and £*?£ >
S I
IMPORTANT SALE OF SILKS.
2T^O yards of New Twilled Silk Foulard*
Ju«t arrived: they come Jn n-:-w colorjr.rs '. '•-
brown, castor, purolfc, new blue, green,
na^y and heliotrope: in beautiful n«-w d--
sia-nV; 24 Inches wide: excellent YpjC
qujlity; worth %l; price *• " w
SILK 6REMADINES
Are in great demand, beir.e particularly
adapted for spring and summer wear: we
offer on Tuesday JOOO yards of new DIaCK,
all-silk grenadine. 24 inches wide, in L b « a il"
tiful designs;; good quality, at.... 81'
Yard v^ ■
-- suits, 4C-!nch Black Silk Or»radir.e. In
latest open effects. \n strit^* ar.'i r.laids:
ver> stylish; at *15. 5i.?..-,.. Clf) •'«>
and «i»»Vf
1500 yards of Black AH-.Siik ?a:in Du^h-
esse, IS Inches wide; excellent
value at «- r »c: for Tuesday atr.YaH UUw
ICC-O yards 24-inch Black All-Silk Satin
Duche?Ve; rich and lustrous; 7-^ r*
worth Jl; special at Yard i CJV*
DOLLAR GLOVES."
100 dozen 2-clasp Pique Walking Gloves:
in white, black, brown, navy, green, tan.
oxblood and mode: reirular value Ql' Of<
Jl 25; on sale Tuesday Pair O I
100 dozen 2-clasp Caster Gloves; in cray,
mode, tan, brown, red. navy and black:
regular value li '.' . on sale Tues- Ci.oo
day at Pair Ol
HOSIERY DEPARTMENT.
Kerne extra values for Tues lay: good
wearing Hosiery and Underwear is the
kind we offer:
Women's Cotton Hose, black or t!a~k
with white feet, double soles, toes ar.d
he-Is: the 35c kind: special at OJIr"
Pair AUt
Women's Spun Silk Ribbed Vest?, fancy
lace effect; in i-Jnk. blue, lavender, biack
and cream; extraordinary value (iClr'
Each OUC
Children's Tan and Black Cotton Ribbed
Hose; double knees, heels and toes: =izt-s
5 Jj . to ?; the best value In the city; O^r»
at" Pair *Ot
SEE IV/7VDC
COUNTRY ORDERS RECE
AMERICANS ARE
BLED IN HONDURAS
Outrages Perpetrated by
the Government.
Special Dispatch :
XEW Y< >RK. April 29.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: At the -
tary of State Hay, tho Navj
ment has referred to commanding
cers of American warships In southern
waters for their information the com
munication received from an Am
in Honduras. Bhowing the petty ;
cution to which he and hi^ country
men in that land are subjected by I
duran officials.
The letter has aroused great indigna- i
tion in official and naval circles and ■
officers of the navy acquainted with the j
facts say the Government should at j
once send a naval force to Honduras i
which would compel the Government j
to recognize and respect the rights of j
American citizens* The murder of j
Frank Pears in February is cited by j
officials with whom I talked as an in
stance of the outrageous conduct of the
Eionduran Government, one of whose j
soldiers committed the murder and was !
then permitted to flee into the interior j
to escape the demand it was expected j
this Government would make for his ;
punishment.
As the State Department's corre
spondent resides in Honduras the of- j
flcials decline to make public his name, i
but it is known that he is a highly re
spected citizen of this country engaged
in business in Honduras. He urges in
the interest of the safety of American
life and property that immediately a
warship be stationed in Honduran
waters at all times. He and his coun
trymen, he declares.' are subjected to
all manner of petty persecution. He
cites an instance where a nurse had
been taken from an American family
and compelled to serve a Honduran
official. During the recent revolution
all animals owned by the writer and
others were taken by the Government,
and at the risk of his life he was com
pelled to steal at night from the Gov
ernment corral the horses which be
longed to him. -
Americans are compelled to pay
blackmail or leave the country. Busi
ness men are required to make forced
loans to the Government, according to
! their means. Among those who refused
I to comply was one American, and In
! revenge for his refusal the officials
j turned loose In his pasture all the ani
j mals that could be collected, resulting
in the loss of his grass and tho destruc
tion of his crops. He adds that the
: only American who la respected is the
American with a revolver.
The cruiser Detroit Is now at IMue-
Reids, and before her departure from
the Central American coast she. may
be directed to proceed to Honduras to
Impress the Hondurans.
Officials q! the State Department say
that if Pears' claim is not paid within
a reasonable time a squadron will be
sent to Honduras to compel payment
and punishment of the murderer.
Naval officials say that this will be the
only way to obtain compliance with the
demand.' ';■ j '
Deposition oi Estovhn/y.
PARIS A|M'tl 89.— The Kigaro, rontlnu
itiK it« publication of th<> testimoi of
for«(l before the Court of CojiMiUori In the
Dreyfus revision Innulry, prints th« con
rlusion of (in- i|«i>o*itl»n of Commandant
(.■.>mii<- i'"rivi:!\i-.u! Watson E2storhasy, the
HOUSEKEEPING GOODS.
Home Facial val?i<^ are cffer^J in Table
[ I*inen, Xni/s.i:*- an'J T'/*«i. <-f Gennari «ii
! Iri»h manufacture. Or.:? the nuwt re!_'-b.e
! goods can b*r found here. Note the loJlow-
AJI-LlaeniXaj.Jtlns: full *i »!z»: «tra
; h'-avy qoalltj-. in new deFijrns: value at
I ?i 7>; f.\*^::<L\ tot Tuesday * : i!*--- h'2 ' '
: 150 dozen extra quality Fine Linen -•'ar-
i kina: fui! ~i ?.',7.>-; vrr rfioicVst d«!'?r.«:
' va!u<- at J"i s<.'; >-;^'.-isJ at CO-"'"
i- j>^ b^—
' 2/y) dozen la.-fre «iz* I-!r:=-n Iluck Tow»U;
I sixe 30x40; very pretty borders; the recuiar
Vas quality; for Tuesday... XCK^C
| Each IO.'JV
100 «Jo»en Bleached Turkish Bath Towels;
; lar«e *iz»-, heary qnalHy; regular I2'c
['50citowels; tbicl*i at Ha.:. I*2V
TWO SPECIAL ITEMS IN TABLE LINEN.
! EflVpleces All-Linen Half Bleached Ta*!~
IA-r>i German mantifa/rture; *at:-i f.-'tvy
quality; good value at K>c; »t*rtal 60c
; aI Yard vj w
c : - ! "-;'h Bleached T*M« Unea; *xtri Bne
! quality; ir; very cbolee deaiiras (with r.-ir-
' kir.« to match); vahie a: CST/-»
: jl W: special for Toe»iay at;.Taj-J OOV*
| SHEETS AND PILLOWCASES.
'■ ■ AH of our She^ets htA Hllow Ca»*-» are
• TTzi* of beit fjual'.tj- sheet lnr ; ";m hy
hand, dry laundered, «.:.-. a :;.'.'.•. . v >:>-..
• reaiy for use.
■ SHKETS. Hemmed. ;-••■',••••>.:.
72x» 42«»« -f ■,'-
MxSO 47^0 ■..'■
s^,c *?:!**
I PILIjOW CA^ES.
gg ]?X *£***
\ '99 WASH GOODS.
F'rinted Dimitie?. ir. ferr '■•-.•'.•• fteHWUi
I in ail the dainty col«riar« '-'" ulue,"jinoJ
i heriotrope, biack ar..i while; i- UW 1. rr '>
J sheer material: ?t^*-c:s! at ifcrc * J v»-
Silk Striped Novelty Zerhyr*: - Y r 3t^ip«
ch"<rks and plaids: a beantlfsl msftenell«
waisU and children's drerat*: -' j C
special at Tart — •-> -
! Covert Suitines and Liner. Crash Bi :-
i ing?: in strip*.- an! plaids: the kir.i :at:
' i? u.=ed fee mountain and Feas-.-ie resorts; tp
al! the correct colorings; st -sc. li)i/«
; 15c ani...., Yard »-2v
LADIES' SEPARATE SKIRTS.
Ijitest styles in ready-made separate
i Skirts; in wool. si-Ik, cotton, linen and
[pique, at correct r^ice?; aiteratior.? if
: nece^tary free of charge.
La'!:^' Dr*w ETdrts; ma'ie of luster bril-
i ISar.tine: tailored searr.= : per- 83
I'cailne lin<;d: at Each OU
Piaid Eklrts; made of extremely styftsh 1
■ wool plaid«: in rkh eprins colorinr?: lat-
|;e»t style ar.d cut: well rr.s-ie: 85-'
lat Each O*J
f"ra?h t»re>s SVirts; al-o Covert Dress
i Skirts; in the r.ew cdorinKs: lat- 95c
1 est cut; at Each C/O 1 --
[ White Piqne:pres» Skirts: made in latest
' style; gooa quality pique: price.. si 'Ji
! ..I Each Ol
; A broken line of 16 Foulard Si!!< v.'a;st.«
, that have b^r> =e!ling at J4 id and C 1.95
Is 2 50; your choice Each OI —
)W DISPLAY.
.IVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
■
■
■
Mexicans Flee to Texas.
-
■
■
■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f^N c- "? THE i?* iiis^*''
JUST RECEIVED—
Large consignment of new sty/es and
shapes
CARRIAGE
PARASOLS
Great Values at
65c, 75c, 85c, 95c, $1.00 and up.
SOO MARKET ST.
Cor. Grant Avenue.
_. ..__■__ : I i
STANDARD MIXED *
PAINT!
«1 00 Gallon
q>X- Gallon
Money Bark If You Don't Like It.
Colors ana T.ooklet. "Cost of •ing," Free.
MANUFACTURERS:
BUSWbLL PAIINT CO.,
302 Market St., S. F.
710 to 716 Broadway, Oakland.
PURITY " sa /*%
HEALTH Wooltary-s- fopffl
BEAUTY Facial Cream %^A
Naturally follows the urn of WOODBURY'3
Facial Soap and WOODBUKVS Facial Cream.
B«ing strictly antisetic. their cleansing and
purifying effect is un<?<jualled. For sale every-
■*h*r«. ■ -. .__
T3TOTTOUI7C FOB bakbkrs. BAK-
Oil I J OriilD ■-"■ bootMsckski bats-
WllUUllww t-cuses. billiard tabl-*.
>w rr, hcoklifnd^ts. candy-makers, cannery
££« tor,."il. lS n art«. laundries. paper-
bar.irert. printßr. painter*. • h « e rm ta c t o orlta -
.tabltmen. t»r-root>r«. tnnn*r«. tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
| Brush Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramontu 38OPPOSE ALLIANCE
WITH ENGLAND
Germans at Present Do
Not Like Britain.
ALL RIGHT AS TO ITALY
THAT PART OF BISMARCK'S SUG
GESTION APPROVED.
Owing to the Recent Unfriendly At
titude of John Bull the Anglo-
Geiman Delagoa Bay Agree
ment Is in Danger.
• l» lated Press.
BERLIN, April 29.— Universal atten
tion has b n attracted j n political cir
cles ; rominencc given in the
Stmi North German Al
In "i ■■ S i" an Indorsement of the
Bismarck's recommenda
tlon ' German, British and Italian
alliance.
The Kreuz Zeitung gives the subject
equal prominence, but takes exception
to the recommendation, Baying that be
such an alliance can be thought of,
•a an.] other troublesome |
must be out of the way.
The Reichstag, during sevi ral r<
:is. has Buffered from absentee
ism. Tills lias been much worse dur-
I b< ssion, when, w ith few
I 'ions, the attendance has be. n
less than one-fifth of the total mem
bership and has often dwindled to a
score, ,\s. under ti. alf of the
members constitute a quorum, the sit
n continued only by th>- ;
mb is present ' This
< ondil m .. the sub
implaint in the
■he old scheme of
m allowance, which
In the Bundesrath
at:
igain revived,
rrespoi ft he Associated
!'om an authoritative '
' En§ : d's unfriendly atti
- likely to have considerable in
: the Anglo-German Dela-
Bay agreement. Some curious
lis agreement have
lie. Th< agreement
■: tugal \olun- '
ihich has
done, although English
financiers are working
nI. The moving spirit in the
' was Cecil Rhodes, who man
h the King of Portugal be
that he could s.>cur.- his throne
ttacks of Republicans by
inns if he relinquishes Por-
A frican po to Eng
tnany had nothing tn do with !
machinations, but only tried to
suard her Interests. There has'
vulsion of public feeling
d, due to her un
lly attitude in Samoa and <'hina. j
lhat the ■ i nt feels obliged to
sentiment. There is a
s ispicion md that Count yon
Hatzfeldt, the German Embassador to
Instructed that
any is no longer ready to carry
out the Delagoa \<;>y agreement.
'• ■ ■ i Deutsche Tages Zei
s that during the canned
tigation, it was proved that '
King company had itn
the guise
• meat. The news
mands that the Govern
this "swindling traffic."
y In Berlin will be celebrated
by twenty-nine public me. -tings. In the
afternoon the S will h<dd mam
in six of the Herlin
Reichstag districts.
Major General Frank Whcaton, U. S.
A., retired, and his family are here to
! Borne time.
Spain's Minister Coming.
MADRID, April 29 The Duke de Arcos.
the newly appointed Spanish .Minister to
the United States, will leave for the
United States next week
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Saved From Rupture
Difficult and Dangerous Malady
Cured by New Process.
A Young Man Who Can Now Face
Life With the Courage of a
Sound Body.
In <;ioverßvillP. X V , a resident of fhat
bustlinp town is facing life with a bod 11
which means everything to a young man
*rho has his greater successes before him. Mr.
MR. T. W CAP.R.
T. W. Carr h*d a difficult and dangerous
ruptui . . i to .-i nui
different kinds of trusses. Ami he tried the
much-talked I R
Dr. W. S. Ki'-e, 4M r;. Main Bt.. Adami x V
His cure was perfect, the opening through
which the ruptu
together. Burgeons claim thnt the only radi-
cal cure for hernia or breach or rupture, nil
. of which names the malady it known under, Is
< ilv-
muscles together. It Is a dangerous operation
kills as often as it '-un-*. and la not a cer-
tainty Dr. Rice obtains nil the benefit of an
lon, DUI une* no knife The fact In,
.stem Is a home cure, without pain, dan-
-.peratlon or an h"iir detention
work. It is marvelous. He cured a man Cat
in Rlcevllle, lowa. Wm. Bland In by name,
.• wan apparently hopeless. He ;ils.,
Muirord, iW !•:. 5Ui Bl
t' n M:i^s . who had been rutiir'-.i eighteen
years. <<■■>'. Bell at Bt, Charles, Minn., is
another remarkable iiine. There are probably
a thousand other* #ho have all been perma-
Voentl i ■ ured by l»r. iu<>-.
Mi- ("an w.i.- cured t« . yean ago. -nl hln
■num-ieH have grown beyond the possibility of
mi of rupture. Write to Dr. Rice for his
tree book en rupture. Write to-day. !>•■ not
lelay, since to do may ciiUKt- you to forget
the address, Writ<- t<> i>r. W. B. Rloe, 4is G.
Uuln Bt.. Adams, N. Y. I
POOH-BAH OTIS
HAD TO RETREAT
- Ruler of Manila in a
Comedy Roe,
CLASHES WITH A CONSUL
TROUBLE OVER THE CREW OF A
TRANSPORT.
The State Department Representative
Told to Get Off the Earth, but
He Triumphs Over the
General.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA. March 25.— United States
transport Grant, which leaves here this
afternoon, will have as passengers for San
I Francisco fifty-seven sailors, comprising
the former crew of the transport Indiana.
The Grant carries this letter.
The events in relation to this crew's
last days in Manila make an interesting
story. The Indiana's master is Captain
Morle. The fifty-seven men signed articles
in San Francisco on October 24 for a
cruise to terminate at San Francisco in
six months. This meant that they could
not be dismissed at Manila or any other
place than San Francisco when the six
, months had expired with less than enough
money to their credit to get back home
with, not to speak of the loss of time.
On March 21 the Indiana arrived in Ma
nila from Hollo, and the captain ordered
the men to American Consul Williams'
! office to be paid off, as he had employed
i a Filipino crew to take their places. The
: next morning the men appeared at the
consulate, followed by the Indiana's
I purser; with $7000 to pay them with. Arti
cles were drawn releasing the Govern
ment ship from the contract, but the men
refused to accept their pay under such
conditions, with no transportation pro
vided for their return home and be turned
adrift in a city so far away.
After several hours of parleying night
was near, and as General Otis had issued
strict orders for every one to be off the
streets by 7 o'clock under penalty of be
-1 ing shot by the military police a grave
problem confronted United States Consul
Williams, with fifty-seven mad sailors on
his hands, and without money. The Con
sul had less than one hour in which to
hire a steam launch and get the men on
some ship in the harbor for the night. He
took them to the Indiana, but the captain
'. bluntly refused to take them on board.
Then the Consul ordered the launch con
taining the fifty-seven moneyless sailors
to proceed to the transport Grant, where
Captain Jesse A. Baker, the quartermas
ter in charge, promptly refused to have
| anything to do with them without orders
. from Colonel Pope or General Otis.
Now it was 7 o'clock and Consul Wil
liams headed the launch with fifty-seven
hungry men for the mouth of the river
Pasig to land in front of the office of the
captain of the port Near there is the
i military police station, and he secured a
'• guard of soldiers to accompany the men
through the streets to the English' Hotel,
where he arranged with the landlord to
allow the men to sleep on the ground in
the inclosure back of the hotel and give
! them what he could in the way of food
at the expense of the consulate!
The next morning Captain Mori- went
to General Otis and gave his side of the
story. Any one who has had any experi
ence in handling seamen knows that the
differences between captain and crew
when formulated into separate stories are
the exact antithesis of each other. Gen
: era! Otis had no sooner heard Captain
Morle's story than he sent an orderly for .
Consul 'Williams. The Consul told the or- !
.1. rly to tell the general he would be up
in a few minutes.
"No, the general wains you immediate
ly." said the obedient orderly.
"All right," said Mr. Williams, and put
ting on his hat he started for the Gov
ernor's palace within the willed city.
He faced General Otis to find him In a
rage. Otis did not even greet him civ
illy. He demanded that Consul Williams
explain what right he had to meddle in
affairs here.
"Why," said Mr. Williams. "I am the
United States Consul and always treat
with such matters where American sailors
are involved."
"But you are in America now; Manila
I ■•■ American, and you have no business
here," shouted Otis. "I am Consul here:
I am Governor; I am everything, and I
want you to leave i.l of these matters
alone in the future."
Consul Williams Intimated quietly that
th« State Department at Washington was
responsible for his presence in Manila
whereupon Otis roared something to the
effect that that department had nothing
to say, anyway, when Ihe military came
in."
"Do you take the responsibility for the
; disposition of these men?" asked Wil-
I Hams. : ; '. ';'.'
"Yes; you drop everything in regard to
it. I will handle them."
Then Williams' withdrew, feeling like
the small boy who .iad been spanked
Going to his office he found the fifty-seven
sailors waiting for him.
"Well, boys," said the Consul, "1 can
| do nothing In regard to your case any
I more. General Otis .las taken it out of
my hands. You must see him."
It was now the past the noon hour and
the boys were getting very hungry, so
they started at once to see General "Otis.
Four of the" leaders went up to the gen
eral's office, the remainder waiting out
side. The four were escorted before the
commander of all things in the Philip
pines.
"Well." roarer! the general, "what right
have you men got around the streets here
at all hours of the day or night? You
are simply loafers, and 1 am going to send
you to jail."
The men tried to explain their position
and the circumstances. The general sent
for Colonel Pope, the chief Quartermaster,
to consult with him. They talked it over
and the general with nearly 30,000 men un
der him was puzzled, Night was ap
proaching and the fifty-seven sailors were
standing outside, dinnerless and supper
; less, it is not on record that Major Gen
■ eral Otis ever retreated before, but he did
! this time from the position he had taken.
He sent to Consul Williams as urgent a
summons as he had sent in the morning
to come at once.
mrse Mr. Williams coifld do nothing
but obey. The genera] humbly told the
< onsul he could find no way to handle the
nun and he requested Mr. Williams to
take them In charge and keep them at the
expense of the Government until the
• sailed, when they would be sent
home and paid off in San Francisco
Consul Williams told The Call repre
sentative he hoped the Government wculd
close his office and let him go home but
he was very guarded about referring to
General Otia In regard to the trouble with
the Indiana s sailors.
The Indiana's men arrived in San Fran
clsco "ii the Grant yesterday. Their con
tract expired on April 24 while at sea, and
th<y will now be paid here according to
its terms.
YOUNG ATHLETES COMPETE.
University of the Pacific Wins at
Field Sports.
SAN JOSE, April 29.— The interscholastic
field sports held here to-day were at
tended by abOUl 1"^K» people. The T'lll
verslty of the Pacific won with 55 points,
Santa Clara Hlffh School 53, San Jose
Hlf,'h School 24, Los Gatos 17, State Nor
mal 11. The events and winners were:
Kifty-yard <iush— Hamilton, U. P., E 2-6
seconds.
Half-mile bicycle race— Lace Downing,
S:m .Tosp. 2 minutes 2-5 seconds.
880-yard run— Steeves, Santa Clara, 2:15.
One mile walk— Tlh between Nlcholla
and Hyde, D. P. Time, 8:51.
100-yard <hish— Hamilton, r. P.. :10 2-5.
Milr- run— Wiley. Santa Clara, 5:22. ■
One mill- bicycle rac« — Liice Downlne
1:36.
220-yard dash- Hamilton. T*. P., no time
220-yard hurdle— Pla.ik. Santa Clara, :2?"
440-yard run— Hamilton. I T . P., :,*4.
Broad Jump— Narramore, Santa Clara,
20 feet 5 Inches,
Pole vault- Bassett, '■* feet 3 lnchi-s.
Hammer-throw— Estes, State Normal
Mit feet.
Running high Jump— 'Wilder, Loa Gatos,
I 5 feet 1 inch.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, STINDAY. APRIL 30. 1899.
VICIOUS TRAIT IN
REDLANDS' YOUNG
TRAIN WRECKER
Cunning of the Criminal Dis
played by Little Harry
Gregg.
REDLANDS, April 28.— Harry Gregg
of this city, the youngest train
wrecker, or would-be train
wrecker, in the world, has not the
j appearance of a vicious child; indeed,
his countenance is open and frank and
his animated conversation gives one the
I impression that he is a vivacious,
straightforward, but very precocious
youth, except for an occasional sly
I glance of the eye, revealing the under
current of cunning in his nature. Al
though nine years old, he is rather
I small, appearing to be a year younger
as barefooted he scurries about, clad
; in a waist and knee trousers, with a
I cycling cap jauntily placed upon the
back of his head and leaving protrud
ing from it a bountiful supply of hair
of the "tow-head" type. He has a round
face, with a '"pug" nose, rather small
mouth, the corners somewhat de
i pressed, and eyes always i in motion,
; partly as though from bash'fulness and
; partly as though seeking some object.
His eyebrows and lashes are light and
indistinct and his face is covered with
large freckles, though not of a dark
| shade.
As he talked to-day he was constant
ly in motion, yet showed no disposition
to run away or to avoid an interview.
: As he talked he drew rapidly, with his
toes, in the dust by the roadside circles,
rosettes, scrolls and conventional de
signs of good proportion and well bal
anced; yet doing it while talking and
apparently without giving the matter
a thought.
"Are you fond of drawing and do you
do much of it?" he was asked.
"Yes, indeed," he said; "we draw
. some every afternoon 'most. We study
colors, too. To-day we had yellow and
blue papers. Teacher gives us a piece
■if paper like this (holding his hands
about eight inches apart) and we cut
them up into strips and show all the
colors from normal yellow to normal
blue."
"What do you mean by normal blue?"
"Normal yellow is jest yellow, with
out any other color in it; then you keep
adding a little blue until it is jest blue
and no other colors in it, and it's normal
blue. We have different colors some
times and make pretty things. I'm in
the third grade now. and Miss Trip
pett's my teacher. I'll be in the fourth
grade next year, same's that great big
girl there. She's nut been to school for
some time, so she don't get promoted."
So on he rattled away from one thing
to another, telling about different peo
; pie and their family relations, as his
eyes would fall upon the school children
passing.
"How did you come to wire the piece
of rail to the railroad track?" was
asked.
"I didn't know that it'd wreck the
train," he said, quickly.
In the trial before the Justice of the
Peace two witnesses had told how he
did it. and he heard their testimony:
but when he was examined he denied
positively having had anything to do
with it, and said he knew nothing
about it.
"I didn't want to wreck the train, as
mamma and papa were on it and I'd be
awful sorry."
His parents were not on the train and
;he knew it perfectly well. Rut it is a
remarkable thing that he never lacks
for a plausible explanation or excuse
for any act.
"I jest tied it up close to the track
sos the thing on tho side of th>- wheel
couldn't go between and would split
the piece of iron (a section of steel rail
three and a half feet long), 'cause I
wanted it in two to make a thing to
put beside the wheels of a handcar I
was goin" to make to keep the wheels
from goin' off the track, this way. you
see."
Taking several pieces of straw from
, the ground, he explained that the bai>
LEADERS TAKE SECOND
GAME FROM PIRATES
Pair of Errors Give St. Louis the Vie
' tory by a Score of Two to
One.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
. '
. Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
: St. Louis 9 1 ,900 Boston 7 6 MS
Philadelphia 10 4 .714 Baltimore ... 7 6 .538
' Chicago 8 6 .571 New York... 4 8 .33."
Louisville ... 6 4 .555 1 Washington.. 4 9 .808
Cincinnati .. 6 5 .5.15 j Pittsburg ... 2 7 .222
; Brooklyn .... 7 6 .53S Cleveland ... 1 6 .143
PITTSBURG. April 29.— Plttsburg met Its
i second defeat at the hands of St. Louis after
i I a hard-fought battle. Williams' fumble in the
fourth and 80-werman's wild throw In the
; eighth contributed largely to the visitors' two
■ runs. Attendance, 5400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 1 5 4
St. Louis 2 8 2
Batteries— Hoffer and Bowerman; Jones and
Crlger. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
BALTIMORE. April 29.— T0-day's game was
\ a pitchers' battle and the Oriole twirler had all
i the better of the argument. The Champions
! were on their mettle and the Baltimoreans were
| full of ginger. The result was a number of
; startling plays, both teams sharing in the
1 honors. For the first time this season the
umpires' decisions were not combated by either
side. Attendance, 2650. Score:
Clubs K. H. E.
Baltimore 3 7 2
Boston i 2 0
Batteries— and Robinson; Willis
and Clarke. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
NEW YORK, April 29.— The Phillies won to
day's game through good hitting. Carrlck, ex
: cepting In the last three Innings, was an easy
mark. The locals fielded well, and with an
effective pitcher would have won the game.
Attendance, 4000. Score: •
(•'.•Jbs— R. H. E.
New York •••••••••••••••••••••« 6 8 2
; Philadelphia 8 13 5
Batteries— Carrirk and Grady; Piatt and
Douglass. Umpires— Rmslle and ' McDonald.
CHICAGO, April 29.— The Reds did ail their
■ batting to-day after gifts and errors and gave
the Orphans their second shut-out of the sea
son in a loosely played fielding and light hlt
' | ting game. Philips proved invincible with men
on bases. Attendance, 12,000. Score:
Club* R - H. E.
Chicago 0 5 4
Cincinnati 4 5 4
Batteries— Griffith and Donahue: Philips and
Pelts, Umpires— Swartwood and Warner. .
WASHINGTON. April 29.— The Senators heat
the Brooklyns by hard hitting, aided by the
visitors' errors. Dlneen was not hit as hard
as Kennedy and the hits off his delivery were
not so timed as to do the most good. Attend
' ance, 1000. Score:
Club?- " ' R. H. Eh
Washington 6 12 7
Brooklyn 4 11 3
Batteries— Dineen and Magulre; Kennedy and
Farrell. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews.
PRINCETON, April 29.— Princeton ." defeated
Cornell to-day by a score of 3 to 0. It was a
i pitchers' battle throughout. Only twice were
the visitors able to land squarely upon Hilde
brand's curves, and the Tigers made but five
j hits. The feature of the game was the work of
: Bedford, who made seven put-outs, four assists
| and one of the five Princeton hits. Score: '
Clubs- R. H. E.
Cornell : ; o -2 6
Princeton 3 5.;/; 4
Batteries— Young and Gouger; Hilderbrand
and Kafer
Lakes of Killarney to Be Sold.
NEW YORK, April 29.— A Journal cable
HARRY GREGG, AGED 9.
! of iron dropping below the periphery
| of the wheels would prevent their run
ning off the rails.
"But 'stead of making it go with
handles, like a real handcar, I'd jest
push it and jui..p on. 'Nother feller
| up here put a piece of iron on the track
and the cars split it in two and he fixed
a handcar with it: but 'twasn't a piece
of rail it cut in two."
That he did not expect to wreck the
train, as would seem from the plausible
story he^ told, is not credited. He has
repeatedly shown himself capable of in.
I venting equally plausible stories to
cover up other mischievous pranks. He
has stolen small things and seemed to
know intuitively what course would he
pursued in an effort to detect him, so
i that It was almost Impossible to secure
a statement from him that would In
] any way implicate himself. He nevei
! lacks for an answer to any question
I and replies with great celerity, delib
erately falsifying find at the same time
framing his answers so as to make a
likely story, as though the whole thing
had b^en carefully planned before.
"Would you do this to wreck a
train?"
"Oh. no: That'd be wrong and papa'rt
not like it. My papa asked me to tell
I him everything. I do, and always tell
! him things like that— when he asks
; me."
His father saul in court that he had
: asked Harry all about it and endeav
■ ored to get at the truth, and he could
i find out nothing. The boy seemed to
know nothing of it.
So it was with other questions. He
spoke without any reference to the
| facts in the case. Veracity has no place
| in the child's make-up.
from Dublin pays: "The Irish land
Court will shortly' offer the most admired
portion of the Lakes of Klllarney for sale.
lli" Muckross estate has already been
sold to tenants, and the mansion deer
park, etc., will he offered with the lakes
The sum mentioned as likely to be the
price asked is J150.000. It is' feared the
purchaser may exclude the public from
the lakes.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Crockett Wins the Peabody Handicap
at Memphis.
MEMPHIS, Term., April 29.— The Mem
phis Jockey Club's annual spring meeting
ended to-day. The Peabody handicap was
the banner race. Dunois was scratched
land six horses faced the starter. Crock
: ett, th.' favorite, won handily by a length.
Crockett was the only winning favorite
\\eather cloudy; track fast. Results:
Six furlongiL selling— Tm, n ,!a won, [die H.mr
■econd, Hen Frost third. Time, 1:16%,
Half mill-- May. line won. Ailantn second
I-"l*-#-ting .Moments third. Time, :;,o\i
Mile and a sixteenth— Mlm l->atr<. n ' won, Our
Nellie second, Jimp third. Time. 1:61
Mile and an HKhth. Peabody handicap—
i Crockett won, Basquil second, Peal third
Time, 1:56,
! Six furlongs— Galathea won. Lennep second
Little Jack Homer third. Timo, 1:1.",\.
One mile, uelllng— Patron won, Traveler sec
ond. Colonel Frank Waters third. Time, 1:43)4.
CINCINNATI, April 23. -The crowd at New
port to-day w:<s one of the largest in the his
tory of the tjufen City Jockey Club. The
weather was beautiful and the track at its
| best. Results:
I One mile, selling— L W won, Vanessa second
Jack Martin third. Time. 1:45.
Four and a half furlongs— Beldon wr,n. High
land I^ad second. Xina HI. third Time. :MU
Mile and a sixteenth, handicap Raffaello
won. Hold Fox second. Flop thinl. Time
1 ;4714,
j six farlongg, selling— Horace won, rtertha
N> II second, Kenmore Qu<-en third Time
l:l3Vi.
Six furlonßS. selling— Violet Parsons won
Scrivener second. Renn Campbell third Timr
1:14.
Mile and sixty yards— Prosecutor won, Tranby
second. Eitholin third. Time. l:4fiV4.
NEW YORK, April 39.— Results at Aqueduct:
About seven furlongs— Great Land won. lir.
Parker second, Roysterer third. Time. l:J8 2-.',.
Four ;uid a half furlongs, selling Lottie She
vlllp won, Aibonita second, Pe-Be-8o third
Time. :S7.
One mile— Dan Rice won. Al Fresco second
Kirk wood third. Time, I:42**.
six furlongs, selling, Rockaway— Oaxe won.
Takiinassee second. Duke of Mlddleburu 1 third
Time. 1:14.
Five furlonss. selling— Shoreham won. Queen
Anne second. Big Gun third. Time, 1 :02.
About seven furlongs, selling— Harry Reed
won. Ordeal second, Leando third Time
1:26 4-8.
'GENE LEIGH A BENEDICK.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, April 29.— A very
pretty double wedding occurred at the
Grand Hotel this evening. H. Eugene
Leigh, the turfman, and "William C.
Schrode. the theatrical man. who has just
completed an engage-nent at the Foun
tain Theater, were married to two of
Kentucky's fairest daughters Viola
Wllkcs nnd Lillian Wilkes. daughters of
Henry W, Wilke.s of Louisville. The
ceremony took place in the parlor of the
Grand Hotel. Dr. Henry Melville Curtis
pastor of Mount Auburn Presbyterian
Church, officiating, and Judge Jackson
Smith acting as best man. After the
ceremony a course dinner was served
Mr. and Mrs. Leigh and Mr. and Mrs
Schrode will remain in Cincinnati until
Monday, when they will leave for New
York. Mr. Schrode intends to retire from
the stage and engage in other business fn
New York.
WILLIAM READS
COGHLAH'S SONG
"Hoch der Kaiser"
Amuses Him.
GERMANS ARE CONCILIATED
NEWSPAPERS GO SO FAR AS TO
f PRAISE AMERICANS.
.
•
Some of the Agrarian Jingo Press,
However, Score What They
Term the Government's
Blundering Policy.'
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, April 29.— The Coghlan in
cident at New York has been very gen
erally discussed by the German papers
this week, although it is evident, as
stated to the Associated^ Press corre
spondent here by a responsible member
ber of the Government, that the jour
nalist mouthpieces of the Government
did not desire to construe the objec
tionable utterar es as anything more
than the remarks of a man who had
not been accustomed to measuring his
words.
For a day or two a number of the
leading newspapers published severe
strictures on the case. With a view to
obtaining a declaration from govern
mental headquarters, the correspondent
sought an interview with Privy Coun
cilor Hamman, as high official of the
Foreign Office. Having been instructed
by the Minister for Foreign Affairs,
Baron yon Bulow, Councilor Hamman
said:
"So far as the Foregn Office knows,
there never was a serious misunder
standing between Admiral yon Died
■ richs and Admiral Dewey, not even
during the early part of last summer.
We ill not deny that there may have
been slight hitches at first, for the situ
ation was a difficult one for both Ger
mans and Americans. Admiral Dewey
may possibly have suspected for a time
that Admiral yon Diedrichs was in
triguing with th- Spaniards at Manila,
or that Germany may have meant to
take a hostile stand. This may have
been due to certain evolutions of our
ships which Admiral Dewey miscon.
strut'd. On the other hand, Admiral
Diedrichs probably keenly felt the re
strictions of a stringent blockade,
which greatly hampered the move
ments of his ships. This irksome posi
tion may have tried the patience of Ad
miral vcm Diedrichs at times. This, we
believe, was the case both at Manila
and at Iloilo, but whatever the little
unpleasantness grew out of, this condi
tion never, if we have been correctly in
formed, took a serious complexion, and
it never was so understood by either
party. All of this was over long ago
iind the gn^s has overgrown it. Ever
since the end of last summer the rela
tions of Yon Diedrichs and Dewey have
! been of the most pleasant character,
and according to the latest advices are
now. to the extent of rendering mutual
services and fraternizing on more than
one occasion. The same conditions ex
ist at Samoa, where, all reports to the
contrary notwithstanding, our advices
show that never since the trouble be
'■ pan have the crew and the commander
of the German cruiser Falke and those
of the English and American vessels
ceaspd to be cordial and pleasant. This
has been the case especially with the»
Americans. Among the crew of the
United States cruiser Philadelphia are
a number of German-Americans, and
through them friendly intercourse came
quite naturally. All our reports agree
<m this point.
"German residents of Apia," Coun
cilor Hamman continues, "especially
mention that they had not had to suf
fer nearly as much from the Ameri
cans on account of passport regulations
and other warlike measures as from
the British, thanks to the more urbane
methods of the former.
"Regarding the utterances of Captain
Coghlan, the Government," Councilor
Humman concluded, "has attached no
importance to the incident. The as
surances received from "Washington on
that subject have been entirely satis
factory."
Some of the newspaper comments
elicited by Captain (Vishlan's utter
ances are very significant. For exam
ple, the Frankfuerter Zeitunp admits
that it saw no necessity for the dis
patch of a large German squadron to
Manila, and asserts that the squadron
interfered injudiciously with the Amer
ican blockade. The Frankfuerter Zei
tunia: alleges that this interference was
due to direct instructions from Empe
ror William.
Even more significant is the fact that
the Cologne Yolks Zeitung, the main
organ of the Center, the dominant
party in the Reichstag, has an article
agreeing with the foregoing statement
DO YOU WANT STRENGTH?
hO YOU REALIZE THAT YOU ARE NOT THE MAN __aM\\\\
lJ you should be at your age? Do you find your strength <^Mijß Sffisffifofc
failing you— exposing the gnat drain that has been sap- . JiflffiSS Balk.
ping the very life and ambition out of you? Does this SSSTfTTrTrTnTmTiTji if SBBl.aSJ»^— a '
knowledge mar your life? Then it is time for you to look llilllTiTTililIil!'lJl!lillf^^ 3^alm^i?^ J^avP^^ l
seriously •- your health. You need such a remedy as iJnintrffiJitniTllnTnfMkalils* 1 *!. V^^^n^^^T^ffSßJHr
DR. SANDEN'S rfi^H^r I
SUr Mtt m *>mm*r JT^ I V MLJ' Bam* 1 V F : :i:t::::|!:!:g ' 4h/J«EBHMHHW3iBjBjj
ELECTRIC BELT ll^H^Sr *■
From which you can absorb new strength and vitality. It .: ■ E ::: !f^;:|!;;:;;:j^^^ {gg^fflggtßßjjßg^l
is a grand remedy for any one who is weak, from what- ■ : ■^§|i*::i| S^fc,— m tg^ W^^^^SmS^^^Bl
ever cause. It has made life a pleasure for over 10,000 rptrSi-illP^slplPily mm
men during the past year. It has made them strong; it " -gff If! • I? frrti7tfr^^^^\^
has removed all the effects of wear and tear on their ■; ■ ::^ffi^r^^^^| mf^V X-_^lMß|j|B3SjiMM
Bodies. It has put fire into their nerves and blood, making- .', , g fßr^ *"* T^WiSaßMroWa
the old men feel young and the young bright, energetic ['■ : : \uSGr "^^*^^^J i^— / $'■
and full of animal vitality. It will do the same for you if I TiiS^^ 0 L lffirßßl
you weak. THOUSANDS OF CURES LIKE THESE: h W|'i 1 »i ♦ II
THERE AHE THOUSANDS OF CURES LIKE THESE ; ]Wi 1 I ?
MICHIGAN BAR, Cal., March 21, 1599. TTl^r B Wfc ML ÜBl' /^B
Dear Sir: lam very well pleased with my Melt It Is giving T'ii*3 & Bik. J^BfcW* x^ VTA /Sni
me Rood satisfaction. I would not do without it for double I 1 AJM, <&. Biß^^^^ Vjsk ,/ifi^^l
what it cost me. It Is the best cure 1 have ever tried for my ' Iftjff&J in" l *"^ ■ Jgfflfh/ s jg^raDl
ailment. 1 feel better now than I have for ten years before; BmbW J&i^t^ I^^ jj]ffMli]B|
have a good appetite, sleep good, and feel number one. I J £O
Yours resi>ectfully. M. B. ETTKR. 181 Bfe>^ M^j^fl^^\|^y^ <SL
B'i'RBANK, Los Angeles County. Pal., April 1. 1899. I I^ B^Si j^^^y^ Jfa
Pear Sir. I was trouble.! for years with stomach trouble ami j i^Hlbbbbß^bbblH63 textfffv* Km &£
rheumatism. This trouble was of twenty-five years standing. li ' 7W»^^BB>S BteBSJ^S^SS'VBMIBMp^ig' IPKfSKIpVWM
and during that time I have spent hundreds of dollars and tried ] •') 1 1 ftflVflM jBJß|jPfcJ?*Wlßßl!i|KWßgjSwßSßa^mjy
all known remedies. Nothing proved of benefit until I used your ( I i ' ifflEEgjHE SHRi V\ViT7/^V§»**«!£^iS§S'
Belt. 1 found great relief In two weeks, and continued to"lm- . I r ElFr^OaS y^CL^, J l^. -!jj 'WßoKt
prove. I am forty-seven years if aKe. and can say my pains are I W* £7^5& / "' J*v \im\n r^TOT'' f 'ffljgn By
Kone. ami I can now eat a hearty meal and digest it. I thank you | PBtfHiLrCl wl?j7i>«s=M*^! : B dYSIiH mW
for the benefit. Yours truly. DANIEL M. PRVE. •!, ' RIS^C. 'jlfl if WMOW ,.
DON'T BE A WEAK MAN. i|PPPIP^Bif „
fit is grand to feel strong, humiliating to feel weak. If you are weak my Electric Belt will cure you. It will make you
strong; it will steady your nerves and check all waste of power in thirty days. It is a grand cure for all weakness, whatever the
cause. If you afe troubled with weakness in any way, send for this Belt.
Don't be Ignorant of a remedy which may correct all your past mistakes and assure your future happiness. Don't delay;
act now. Get the book, Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weaknesses of men, tells the cause of early decay in young
and middle-aged men. It shows how electricity, properly applied, will restore this power, and gives the proof. It is free upon
application. Call or address \.. ■;■< Vi =r - , .
MSANHFN FIFfTRIf fft 702 Market St., Cop. Kearny, S. F., sen for my book.
l/ll* JAIII/LIIV L-liL-Vl 111 V/ VVi, or2)4'>. South Broidwty, LoiAngeUs. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN"
DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN, Manager. or H^h 3 oiDiN^RSG M iTo^s lotol L it is mailed free.
ON MONDAY'. DEWEY DAY--OUI* OFFICES WILL BE OPEN TILL 2 F. M.
THE EMPORIUM. ";~ ' ~ THE EMPORIUM.
ipPsH* And
>** Ooldeni^ule Bazaar. >|
CAUFWtiIAS LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
Will foe closed all
day Monday, May
I Ist DEW EY DAY.
See our announce-
ments -of the
week's offerings
in 'to-morrow
morning's papers
f ................ M^
and containing the mysterious passage:
"Perhaps it was due to negotiations
on the part of Germany in order to ob
tain, if possible, a coaling station in
the Philippines, that a number of our
vessels were sent to Manila. If this
presumption is correct, those who sent
instructions to Admiral yon Dledrlchs
without the knowledge of the Foreign
Office received a bitter lesson. The
Foreign Office has since been engaged
in repairing the blunder and has suc
ceeded with the American Government,
but not yet with the people of the
I'nited States, as the Coghlan incident
again demonstrates."
The force (if this editorial article is
heightened by the fact that the paper
in which it was published was, in the
outbreak of the war with Spain, one
of the most virulent enemies of the
I'nited States. The Yolks Zeitung and
other newspapers advise Germans not
to undervalue the importance of hos
tile demonstrations accompanying the
Coghlan incident, putting them on par
allel lines with similar incidents on
both sides in the period preceding the
Franco-German war.
The jingo Agrarian press seizes the
opportunity to attack the Cabinet and
particularly the Foreign Minister,
Baron yon Bulow, and to reiterate the
charge that he is pursuing a vacillating
policy.
The North German Gagette, for ex
ample, says: "Advancing at. the wrong
time and then retreating at the wrong
time — that has been our foreign policy
for a decade past."
Other newspapers continue the cam
paign for a larger navy, insisting that
if Germany wishes to remain a world
power she must have many more ships.
so as to be able, to interfere at any
time and anywhere. The great ma
jority of the newspapers, however, pre
serve a calm and reasonable tone over
the Coghlan incident.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press learns that Emperor William has
taken a deep interest in the Coghlan
incident and in affairs that have been
developing in Samoa. While visiting at
Wartburg the Emperor had full reports
sent to him in regard to both matters,
including a copy of the satirical ditty
which Captain Coghlan recited at the
conclusion of his speech at the Union
League Club in New York and which
his Majesty read with great amuse
ment.
ENGLISH LENIENT AS TO
COGHLAN'S INDISCRETION
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, April 29.— The Coghlan in
cident has caused a great deal of stir
on this side of the Atlantic and has
furnished the press of England and the
Continent with a fruitful topic of dis
cussion throughout the week. The
English papers have taken a lenient
view of Captain Coghlan's indiscretion,
and except in the case of one or two
notoriously anti-American journals,
have been disposed to find excuses for
him.
The Spectator, in an article which is
typical of English comment, says*
"Though we must join in the censure of
Captain Coghlan fur his indiscretion,
we must not forget that what he said
was substantially in accordance with
the facts. The Germans behaved at
Manila in a most irritating and un
friendly way to the United States. It
was absurd for them to expect to play
the part they played without raising a
feeling of the most intense bitterness
in such a high spirited body of men as
the officers and sailors of the American
navy. An explosition of this feeling
was bound to come sooner or later."
The Saturday Review, in an article
characteristic of its treatment of any
thing concerning Americans, said:
"Had an English captain made Cap
tain Coghlan's speech, if such a thing
is conceivable, or had a German officer
made it about England, there would
have been war; but the Americans are
treated by the world like spoiled chil
dren. We, however, do not envy the
position, of Captain Coghlan, from
which he can only escape by accepting
an imputation upon his sobriety."
The Speaker takes a more common
sense view of the matter and rejects
the "brutal and insulting suggestion
of the German papers that Captain
Coghlan was intoxicated."
The Speaker assumes that Captain
Coghlan thought he was talking in con
fidence to personal friends and mem
bers of the Union League Club ami "let
himself go." "His heaviest punish
ment." the Speaker adds, "will not be
any that the Secretary of the Navy can
inflict, but the consciousness that he
has unwittingly done an injury to his
own country."
FINE STREET RAILWAY
SYSTEM FOR SAN JOSE
SAN JOSE. April 20. — The sale of the
First-street electric railway .system on
May 19 to satisfy a mortgage indebted
ness of $200,000 to the German Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco prom
ises to bring out some spirited bidding.
There are two parties already in the
field who want to acquire the franchises
and equipment of the line and it is ru
mored that San Francisco capitalists also
have an eye on it. The system is about
fifteen miles in length and fully equipped.
It runs the entire length of First street
to the cemetery, with feeders leading into
each of the four quarters of the city.
Messrs. Henry and Burke, owners of
the San Jose and Santa Clara Electric
Railway, have been conducting negotia
tions with the German Savings and Loan
Society looking to its purchase. Now an
other buyer has appeared in the person
of A. Greeninger. who is at the head of
a company of local capitalists. <;reenin
ger has an application before the Board
of Supervisors for a franchise for an elec
tric road out First street from the north
erly city limits to Alvlso. These men pro.
pose to bid on the First-street road In
the combine is Hugh , enter of the Alum
Rock motor road. If they are successful
they propose to make the Alviso road a
part of the First-street system. The Alum
Rock road will then be changed to an
electric road and the branch running out
Delmas avenue will ne extended to Camp
bell and perhaps to Los Gatos.
The purchase of th" First-street road
by either of these two parties of capital
ists will give San Jose one of the finest
street car systems in the West.
Transferred to Yolo County.
WOODLAND. April 29. -The cam of
Mrs. Carfleld against I. M. Bedell et al.
will be transferred from the Superior
Court of San Francisco to Yolo County.
Judge Hebbard granted the motion for a
change of venue Friday upon, the appli
catiDn of Arthur ('. Huston, attorney for
defendant The action is to recover a lot
of diamond Jewelry which is now in the
possession of the defendant, J. B. Wright.
Nealy Found Not Guilty.
WOODLAND. April 29.— The jury in the
I rase of Thomas Nealy, which has been
lon trial in the Superior Court for two
days, has rendered a verdict finding the
defendant not guilty. Nealy was charged
; with having interfered with Constable
I Johnson of Davisville in the discharge of
! his duties.
56
SUXDAY.L . ". .--. ..'.. :'. APRIL Jo. 1890
.', ■  r.J.OHN"~D. SRr^'CKEtIS, Proprietor;-
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE ;J^ na =£^
PUBLICATION OFFICE ..market and Third Sts- S. F.
Telephone Main 7SCS.
EDITORIIL R00M5.......> 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
■ Tel^filione Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIBRS.^IS CENTS PER . WEEK.
■
Terms by Mail, including Postage:
f>JULY CALL (Including Sunday call), one year $0.00
frAILY r.\LL (including Sunday Call). 6 months:.;. XOi>
DAILY CALL -Including Sunday Call), 3 months !.•"><>
r>Aii. (-ALL— liy Single Month '••"•«'
BUXDAT CALL One /Year 1.50 ,
\VEKKI.T CAI^U One Very-.-., IMii
,\ AH prstrnnst'ors are authVirized to receive subfcrlptions. . . '
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND 0FF1CE..,.. ... ,:.'„ 903 Broadway I
M.W YORK OFFICE Room !SS. World Ruildinfl ;
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
a .
Washington id. c. office* vVeiiinfeton Hotel
< C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay %
opcr until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, co?n until
S:2C o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock,.
19^1 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2£9! Marvel
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- £513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street, opea
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky, streets, ooen until 9 o'clock.
.'*•• AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Th* Wrong Mr. Wright."
California— VA Hot lid Time."
Gran.! r'lvra". House— "El tun."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alraz.ir— "Captain Swi't."
Tivoli— "The Geisha. 1 ;
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olymria— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Inst.-: Panorama Co., Market : street, near Eighth-
Battle ft Manila Cay.
• ball.
■ -
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
El Campo — The popular bay resort. Amusements every
.
Campers' Excursion— Santa Cruz Mountains, Sunday,
April SO. , . '
Excursion to Santa Cruz Mountains— Monday, May 1.
Sutro Paths— Urnnd .-lyenirig Sunday. April 30.
Th|E CHINESE BUREAU FRAUDS.
BY tl published yesterday in rela
■ if Meredith from the po
• eau in tin- city
The ■ r from the whole nefarious
con> : posed the fact that Meredith was
but . t who had been raking chestnuts for
the P mpany, the paw of linn being con
■. er pair of apes, C. P.
- rhwerin.
The ished l>y The Call shows that
... . t ] lc
esca] : uey \\ an,
c by the Sec
- -ry. Schwerin wrote to Hunting
"You must have Meredith reiu
s-tan ins a body blow at the Chii
ompany." To
d. "I will do all I can."
shows he at once
ity at work to have Meredith
ut for the proofs which The
. tof duty
•v Wan case would have succ< ■
• n in saying
. blow to the I
the Pacific Mail Company."
the number of Chinese arriv
■ flifornia increased from about
- the previous Custom-house adr
:-oo under the Jackson and
Men It is further to be n
Meredith has been turned down and the
-.: taken from the control of '
rt J son the Chinese importation business,
which wa< formerly profitable to many lav.
to a minimum.
The ( 'hinese passenf
ific Mail Company, just as opium
mih:. • .'.lii i carry it on.
Huntington and Schwerin, through their control of
and the ' ureau under hi> man
t, were vjrtualb, . "inu r Chinese into the
United "States. i : <r I of the money they could
• by that traffic they were willing to violate the
law. p issibly en
in bribing them either i ■ or i [in tly, and to
flooi of cheap lab* irers,
bi"d ■• ■ ', degraded women.
Petty smugglers when convicted are sent to prison,
and doul Bchwerin were on a jury he would
guilty
d proven by good evidence to have
been engaged in smuggling opium, but he has a
fere: ( importing Chii
• [ irrupt
ial Even ■ '■• en con
victed and removi ffice, .Mr. Schwerin and
h ird to have him r< instated
mtinue his service to the pas
ic Mail Company!
■
■ of
fender in the < Chinese Bureau rs in
the : '• ai the tri<
the arch schei ■■• een the prime mo
in th< hameful process.. By the exposure The
Call has iry [or the law
and for the people. !!•:■ Schwerin may
not be pi- ild be, but their game has
Mail
will not earn dividend's by the wholesale importation
of 1 Chinese 1 ■•■ ilie*.
The ; elboi • guine thai the United
States w.' much coi ense in the settle
ment of the Samoan difficulty as England. His Lord
ship may place the utmosi reliance in the fact that
America will have ough to watch her Hng
lish cousin very carefully (hiring the adjustment of the
affair.
The red-tape worms in the Xavy Department at
Washington have, according to the dispatches,
worked up a worryifover Admiral Kautz's letter to a
relative in Cincinnati. Why do they not provide the
officers of the line with rubber stamps "Burn this let
ter." and let it go at tn.it?
The Rev. Dr. James Parker of London hopes God
will send tl ■ to*a climate considerably warmer
than that of the equator. It would not be difficult to
gu< 58 what the Sultan would ask God to do with Or.
Parker.
The Russian Cirar has given orders to exile thou
sands of people from Finland because of a suspicion
that they are hostile to his Government. His Majesty
night bring peace to his own dominions before he
attetnptb to suggest peace tv the world.
LABOR IN HAWfUI.
READERS of The Call have not forgotten our
ample notice of what would follow annexa
tion of Hawaii in regard to the labor situation.
I The country proved passive in the master arid an
nexation was accomplished, with the assurance that
the ■ ■ i the joint resolution which effected it
amply covered the coolie contract labor issue' with a
complete prohibition.
Since annexation there is no change in the govern
ment of the islands. The Dole constitution is in force
there as the fundamental law. and it is administered
by the Dole government precisely as before. The last
Congn ected to pass any law fixing a form of
government, and there is no civil relation between
Hawaii and this Government except through the
executive, and he is free to a.ct independently of any
constitutional restriction.
Ever since annexation a stream of Asiatic cnolie
l,:bi- louring into the islands, under con
tract and penal restriction, just as they were before
the countrj '•• part of our domain.
The latest news is that President Dole has been
■ ■ ton that the annexation reso
lution does not affect the Hawaiian labor system,
which remains in force and effect until Congress
» to change it. This is just what The Call said
nation, and justifies to the letter
our analysis of the annexation resolution. Those who
■ d our conclusion are invited to study the out
c< ime and be wise.
We are not just now discussing the effect upon white
labor and ; home of penal contract coolie la
bor and wages in the islands, with the most of its
product admitted free of duty to our domestic markets
in competition with the same product raised lure by
white labor. The future must develop the i ffect upon
r and its emploj r ers here. Thousands of a
have entered Hawaii under contract since annexa
tion, and thousands more will follow before Congress
• 3 any restrictive measure, if. indeed, it will con
■ such action necessary at all. What is of espe
cial :i"ii just now is the renewal
of the same "Id ambush behind which the designs of
Dole were hidden before annexation. This now takes
tiie form of a declaration that the proprietors on the
islands have a policy for the future, which means "a
gradual reduction of contract Asiatic labor and a cor
responding introduction of free American labor into
cane fields. The delay in the application of
American laws will enable the planters to
American labor rules by degrees. Col mcl Wl
c in American labor will receive
earh ti I i. There probably will be a company
• .n a- the American labor supply company,
backed by the I gencies."
It wii! be seen that t'.:. old lure is set and the old
Wh< n < . meet the argument
will be plausibly made that the application of our
give the gradu; '
ilation a chance, and Colonel Whyte's cor-;
will plaj its part in the scheme.
than ever are in the island?
and • 11 be increased until there is a
vi in han I If< v a term of years. '
■ the matter and the pres
• c indefinitely.
Whit< m this country cannot labor in the
Hawaii. • gar is not raised any
where in the tropics by white labor. Beet sugar, the
one, is raised everywhere by
whiti > between free an
labor, and Hawaii I i won against free white
labor and the American wage scale.
The ,:id Hawaii,
orniaris have paid their share of D
he United Stai I ry. The I lawaiian -
planter .is permitted to 1 II tl I ibor
he wants, ai I lay, held to mv ervi
tude under a I The < ilif< in ia
ter is forbidden by law to employ contract labor
'■. ages as the Hawaiian
planter. The nth our people. How long
will they maintain themselves under such a .-;.
ernment?
THE SPEAKERSMIP.
\A OST of the influential newspapers .of the Pa
/ - -1 cil stn mgh urg :d the election
■of a Western Congressman as Speaker of the
Representatives. -Merc opinions,
however, will not accomplish that result. There i
be preliminary organization and selection of a candi
tern States will probably Win
the prize.
In a contest for tin Speakership it would be neither
• ■ .ht to draw sectional lines. The first
■ to b< considered is qualification. There is no
more exacting position in any branch of the Federal
• rnment. An unusual combination of general
krowledge of public affairs, familiarity with parlia
mentary law and with the specific rules of th< I 1
coo! judgment and executive force, is essential to
the ■■ ' of men and to the
prompt and successful management of the public
busim - .
■ lly tin right man can be found among
the Western R tives, and every consideration
icpediencj' and of justice demands that he should
be selected. Since the foundation of the Government
four - have upplied the entire list of Speak
er- and in the following proportions: Pennsyl
vania 4. < ticut 1. New Jersey 2. Massachusetts
4, North Carolina 1. Kentucky 6 (Henry Clay hav
been thrice elected), South Carolina -\ New
York 2, Virginia 4. Tennessee 2, Indiana .3, Georgia
I and < Hiio 1.
It thus appears that of the whole number of pre
in tUc lov if Congress sixteen
■ from tKe Easl en from the South
ern States and ten Middle State?. The
Wesl has never had a representative in that exalted
station.
According to the existing geography of the Union
there are nine Eastern States, with <ij representatives;
eight Middle States, with 115: fourteen Southern
Stales, with m:. and fourteen Western States, with
4; Thomas R. Kcr<], twice eleel - eaker, who has
displayed great ability in the discharge of his duties,
canu from Maine, which also furnished James G.
Blame, boi which has only four Congressmen, while
California has --even. Upon this array of facts and
res, into which much of our history is sugges
tively compressed, it i^ certainly .not sectional to
claim that the successor of Mr. Reed should be some
gentleman of unexceptionable character and qualifi
es from the West The States lying to the west
of the Missouri River have been greatly neglected by
the Federal Government. Tins State, which lias
poured untold wealth into the Union, and, in propor
tion to its population, has contributed enormously to
the ordinary and to the extraordinary expenses of the
Government, has waited nearly half a century for just
recognition at Washington. It is time that the in
fluence of the Western Stmes should be effectively
exerted to secure their share of legislative and admin
istrative power and honor.
Bat the only method of accomplishing the legiti
mate object that has been proposed and enforced in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
so many quarters N by organization and by concen
tration. The Republican Representatives of the
Western States must unite upon a candidate of their I
cwn and repress competition among themselves.
Inere is ample time before the next Congress meets
for them to agree upon a selection. With a single
name to present, unanimously supported, indorsed by
the pre-s, and with all the collateral influences that
can be employed, there would be a fair prospect of
success. The effort itself would be a manifestation of
po,vei and would command attention. The trend cA
commerce, trade and population toward the Pacific
is too palpable and too rapid to be disregarded.
IS THERE (\ NEW COMBINE ?
IT is to be regretted that the appeal, from Judge
Seawell's decision in the gas contract case has
been dismissed. Of course there was no necessity
of prosecuting the litigation further, since the Mutual
Electric Light Company has accomplished its pur
pose in annulling the gas contract and in securing
permission to erect poles outside the fire limits, but
; the principle involved in that decision was one which
; should have been passed upon by the Supreme Court
in order that competition in furnishing light to the
people of San Francisco might have been firmly es
tablished and guaranteed for the future.
Judge Seawell, in his ruling, laid down the broad
proposition that the constitution guarantees every
individual, company or corporation the privilege of
competing in the business of supplying the inhabi
ts o! cities with water and light. Indeed, he went
a little further, and declared that under the constitu
tion the Board of Supervisors cannot prevent this
competition by refusing to grant competing compa
or individuals pole privileges and other rights
to which they are entitled by implication of law. This
was an exceedingly broad and comprehensive view
tc take of the ivater and light question, yet it is one
that is undoubtedly correct.
The dismissal of the appeal, however, will prevent
rhe incorporation of the principle into the law of the
Mac. Judge Seawell's decision may be ever so sound,
' it is not authority which other courts are bound
to respect. Until the Supreme (.'our; passes upon a
proposition and enacts it into law no respect is paid
. bj the lawyers to it in their contentions with each
other.
\\ c do not complain because the Mutual Electric
ght Company has dismissed this appeal, for even
had v prosecuted the decision to a final determination
the Supreme Court, it would probably not have
I in establishing anything. The latter
■ ijial will not decide cases, which do not involve
tine controversies, ranting of a pole
privilege by i ■ of Supervisors and the annull-
I of the gas contract practically destroyed the con
troversial Features of the case.
There is a suspicion in some quarters that the compe
■i introduced by the Mutual Company has brought
old monopolj com-,-:; to terms, and that the ter
mination of this litigation in this way is part of a
scheme of amalgamation and main 1
prices. We hope this rumor is untrue, since its reali
ion means aim] ly a repetition of ancient history.
COMMERCIAL EXPANSION.
*C^ ENAT< >R FRYE is not always a safe guide to
>^ follow, but h«' understands thoroughly the in
dustrial am! commercial interests of the coun
' try. and when he speaks <>:i such subjects his words
are well worth the attention of all. His addre -
the banquet given in Mew York in his honor last
•i illustration of both th<
• and the excellence- of his statecraft. Marred
here anil there by unfriendly reference to Germany,
I by a tone of jingo imperialism with respect to
Philippines, it was, nevertheless, a notably strong
ument for governmental aid toward that cothmer
expansion which 1- .»o necessary to our welfare.
After pointing out the wonderful development of
: c United State-, and the increasing
c commercial war among civilized na
tions, he directed attention to the fact that Germany
is likely to In- our keenest rival for trade, that her
less thrm half of our^. and that to
compete with her we must devise some means
■'ing our commerce to meet that competition
We cannot reduce wage-, nor would
it be desirable to do so if we could, hut we can mi
pro ■ nsportation system so as to enabl<
merchants to deliver goods in foreign markets as
j cheaply as any other p<
Senator's argument on that point i- interest
ing. As freight ships increase in carrying capacity
the ci -t of transportation decreases. When the
larKc^; freighter icross the Atlantic was 3000 tons the
freight rate was $8 50 a ton: when (Soon ton-. $6 a ton:
when 8000 tons. $3 50 a ton, and when 10.000 tons
50 a ton. So thai to lover freight rates we have
only to provide for the upbuilding of a large mer
chant marine, composed of ships of the first class.
Continuing that line of argument, the Senator went
on to say: "We should carry in our own ships and
■ I r our own flag all of our import- and export-.
We should pay to our people the $100,000 a day we
. pay to foreigners. We should make of the offi
cers of those ships active, intelligent and interested
agents for the discovery of new markets and the pro
motion of our trade. Suppose to accomplish it should
cost us 5t0.000.000 annually, would there lot he ample
compensation? Great Britain, Germany and France
will not surrender their carrying trade without a de
l rtnined conflict, which alone will reduce freight
, rates 25 per cent."
After an able exposition of the advantages sure to
result from the opening of the Nicaragua canal and
of the growing importance of the trade of the Orient,
the Senator went on to point out that in the strug
for that trade we ghould have an advantage over
•ill European competitors by reason of the fact that
those markets are nearer to our Pacific Coast than
to any European country. We have, therefore, only
to ptavide an adequate merchant marine to assure a
rich commercial development Such being the case,
the people may well ask the Senator why waste
money, energy and blood in a foolish adventure of
imperial expansion when so much more of profit and
honor can lie coined by the peaceful ways of indus
try and 1;
It is lucky for Dr. Parker of the City Temple. Lon
don, that he isn't living in the middle a^es to say
things uncomplimentary of his prince. "A cheap and
chippy chopper on a big, black block" would settle
his case.
It is said that ex-Senator Warner Miller wants to
buy nan Burns' Mexican silver mine. If the ex-
Senator i- in the purchasing line .he might inspect at
Sacramento a gold brick which Burns sold to Cali
fl -rnia.
Admiral Kautz says tint the young King of Samoa
robes himself in a French admiral's cocked hat. His
Samoan Majesty might at least add a smile to his
raiment.
«
The School Board is nothing if not paradoxical.
, , It has jubt given it to Head in the neck.
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNflUGriT.
Boljne casual consideration is due to
the circumstance that the recent police
raids upon the gambling; dens of the
city were made a few days after Po
lice Commissioner Gunsi li n town, and
not' a few days before, Whether due
to the chance that governs coincidences
or to sagacity on the part of the police
officers matters little; the i hief thing to
note is the advantage we derive from
i it. At present we have the satisfao
-1 tion of knowing that Mose "has went."
while an earlier raid on gambling
rooms might have resulted in hi? de
tention.
* * *
The difference between the degrees of
activity of the police before and
after the departure of the Gunst
Commissioner is so marked it
may possibly be significant of
something. The absence of a Com.
I mlssioner may have as much effect
' im a torpid police force as the pres
■ ence of a pill on a torpid liver. It would
be worth while to make a further ex
periment in the matter. Perhaps if
Commissioner Tobin were t;iven a leave
of absence beyond the limits of th"
State there might be raids on some
other things as well as on gambling
rooms. At any rate, no harm would
be done were the Supervisors to recom
mend the Commissioner as a proper
person to succeed General Smith as
superintendent of police in the Ladros
Islands.
* • *
By this time it is probable the legis
lators of the recent session have re
covered sufficiently from the surprise
caused by the suddenness with which
the signature law dropped Into innocu
ous desuetude to be in fit condition
to receive suggestions. It is timely
therefore to direct their attention to
[ the well-known fact that the hope of
reward is a much more potent Incen
tive to action than the fear of punish
ment. If they wish to obtain the sig
natory scalps of newspaper men they
should offer a bounty for signatures
equal at least to That offered at one
time for coyote scalps. There can be
little doubt erf the success of such a
law. Under Its operation everything
; would be signed. Journalists would
come in from Arizona and Nevada to
Sim*. "Taxpayer," "Citizen," "Veri
tas," "Vox Populi," "Old Subscriber,"
"Alas. Pooi forick" and all the anony
-1 munculi would sicrn. Even Gage, were
the bounty mad.- equivalent to the
' value of a sheep, would eh <> rfully sign
I good bills, as well as bad on ts, and thus
i do something to redeem his maladmiru
Istration. Let the next signature- law
be a i>< lurity bill.
* * *
The more the proposed panhandle ex
tension is considered the more general
will be the approval given it. It has
Indisputable merit, and when carried
out will greatly enhance the beauty and
■ chai in of the city. < »nly. in the name of
all that is worth naming, let it be
called something other than "panhan
dle." if th>- grand avenue of approach
is to be known as a panhandle, the
pleasure ground Itself should be dubbed
■ Lick Skillet Park," or "Pot Walloper?
\Y...'(ls." Let US have harmony of
names. A noble highway to a Golden
Gate Park should be itself perked up
with a glittering title and wear a
golden nan:.-.
* ♦ *
<»ur learned friends, the Egyptolo
s, have "got 'em again." Some
time ago. in exploring an ancient tomb
of the time of the Thothmes dynasty,
they discovered certain hieroglyphics
which, all the expert's agree, represent
tli- war cry of the Egyptian armies of
that period. The intoxication of joy
over the discovery soon turned, how
ever, Into til*- delirium tremens of rage
by reason of differences of opinion as
to the meaning of the cry. Some au
thorities assert the inscription is "Hi '■>-
Ra" and as "Hoo" is an exclamation ol
devotion, while "Ra" is a word used
impartially for God. King or country.
they Insist the old Egyptian battle cry
was a loyal, patriotic and religious
shout, "For God, King and Native
land." Other authorities say the hier
oglyphics ni"an "Hu-Roo," which
would make a very different kind of
battle cry, for those words signify
nothing of patriotism or religion; their
equivalent in our language being "On
to plunder."
* * *
While Egyptologists, intoxicated with
the spirit of their own learning and
made delirious by disputation among
themselves, so that they now see snakes
in one another's boots, may regard the
difference between their translation as
! a matter of vital importance to the
1 welfare of the world, those of xis who
are more sedate and never have intoxi
cations of any kind can see in the issue
nothing whatever to fight about. It is
rather interesting to learn that the
"hurrah" cry was used in Egypt be*
fore the days of Joseph, and therefore
is not. as we supposed, an American-
Ism bursting forth spontaneously on
the Fourth of July, 1776: but there will
be little attention given to the dispute
as to its meaning. It is probable both
translations are right. There have been
very few armies of invasion since thf;
world began th.it did not shout with
an equal fervor ■ Hoo-Ra— For God ana
Country," and "Hu-Roo— On to Plun
der." It's a way they have in the army.
If. however, there be a distinction be
tween !>><■ two, further research will
probably disclose that the ancient
Egyptians shouted "Hoo-Ra" in mili
tary campaigns when they went forth
to die. and "Hu-Roo" in their political
campaigns, when they were out for th^
oflices.
* • •
The liveliest episode of the week just
ifies the following telegraphic corre
spondence:
President Jordan of Stanford to Cap
tain Coghlan of the Raleigh: "Con
gratulations on your arrival at home;
but you talk too much— take a univer
sity course."
■ captain Coghlan to President Jordan:
■ 'Thanks for your greeting; but you
talk when you don't know— go to sea
for a year."
I Kaiser William of Germany to Wil
! Ham McKlnley, President of the United
' ; States: "Shoot that American Irish
: man of your navy who has been shoot
. ing his mouth at me or I'll run your
nation through a slaughter house and
embalm it in a beef can."
William McKlnloy to William the
Kaiser: "Go slow. Remember your
letter to Oom Paul. You are something
of an 'auflun woinflauno' talker your
self."
From all reports that have mine to
us it appears the friction between the
two squadrons in Manila Bay was dv»
mainly to German ignorance of naval
etiquette. The German navy is but a
parvenu institution of mushroom
growth, and its officers have not yet
ned the rules. Such at any rate ia
th.' judgment of the British officers who
were in the port during the time of
the controver&y. n Is stated thai when
a (".•■;inaii cruiser entered Manila
and without paying any attention, to
Dewey'W blockading fleet, proceeded'ta
plcfc out an anchorage to suit herself,
she was brought to a sense of the situ
ation by a shot from the Olympia.
Captain Chichester of the British navy,
observing that things were going
wron.g, went aboard the Olympia to ■ x
plain, and in doing so he is reported to
have said to Dewey "You see, sir, the
Germans have no sea manners." That
is probably a correct explanation of the
seemingly intentional offense. All the
same, it is natural th^ Americans were
offended. There is nothing more irri
tating to a polite naval officer than a
breach of naval etiquette.
» * *
At the preat feast which the
lords of the Southern Pacific spread in
honor of him who incarnates their mo
nopoly and provides them with salar
ies; the feast at which the chicken con
somme was served a la Lucullus in the
dish, and in thive languages on the
menu; and at which three preachers of
three different faiths were set up like
bouquets, to Rive grace to the revelry*
Mr. Eiuntington made a speech. Served
with wine and oil arid other palatable
things at the banquet, the speech was
no doubt easily digestible by those who
heard it: but to the outer world, served
cold next morning without any of the
;k cessories, it was not altogether pleas
ing.
(if course it was a great speech. The
South- in Pacific Company does nol do
little things, nor indulge in minor ora
tory. Its course through th*- records of
tho State cannot be traced by frag
ments of 25-cent rhetoric. The only
really little thing it ever did was to
perpetrate a Gage on the common
wealth, but that is so diminutive it
doesn't count, and will soon be forgot
ten. The speech was of the kind that
carries with it the conviction that while
tho railroad man of our time may be a
development by natural evolution from
tin- highwayman of the days when
there were no railroads, yet he has a
philanthropic heart and yearns to
grasp all humanity to his breast and
take the whole world in.
Tin- dominant sentiment, that which
gave the toif of the whole in one clear
sound, is to be found in this sentence:
"In our treatment of others, if we have
fortunately reached the higher plane
ourselves, let us not fail to recollect
that we owe a duty to those toiling
ones, who are mounting as painfully
and slowly as we did the steps that we
have trod."
The higher plane! The plane on
which was spread that feast at which
American chicken was served under a
French form in the nano- of a Roman
Consul— the plane of accumulated
wealth ami dinners at abo"~ J ?_o a ;
1- it any wonder that Rev. Horatio
Stebbins, looking into the higher plane
fan's, should nave said: "When I look
uri and down this board 1 notice th.'
differeni vocations represented here
and 1 feel a little conceit of personal
advantage as I think how you would
feel if you hail to write a sermon."
Now that the reverberations of the
"Man With the Hoe" have about died
away, it will be well for Mr. Markham
to consider whether he might not writ*
a companion piece to show the other
side of the human animal the other
: form of degradation wrought by en
vironment. A picture to serve him as
a theme is ready at his hand. Not long
ago there was exhibited in England a
painting that became the sensation of I
the year. It was called "She Man With
: the Muck Rake," and the idea was
taken from the description of the per
sonage bearing that title in "Pilgrim's
Progress." It was a picture of the
moral ruin wrought in an essentially
noble nature, not by the burden of
labor and poverty, but by devotion to
wealth. To produce a poem on such a
theme Mr. Markham need alter but lit
• tle what he has written of the "Man
With the Hoe." Something like this
would serve:
THE MAN WITH THE MUCK RAKE.
Bent with the eagerness of greed, he leans
Upon his rake, and gazing at the muck
i Where lie the riches and the refuse of the
earth,
He deems that mass of rottenness to be
The highest plane of all felicity.
Who made him dead to rapture and de
spair,
A thing that grieves not and that never
hopes: *■ W ;
Glutted yet greedy, a brother to the hog?
Who loosened and let down this brutal
jaw?
Who starved this soul, while fattening
this paunch?
Whose breath blew out the light within
this brain?
What gulfs between him and the Ser
aphim! /'• : '
Slave of the wheel of Mammon, what to
him *
Are Plato and the swing of Pleiades?
O workers, lords of ballot and of pen,
The makers and the masters of the world.
Custodians of the gospel and the law:
Is this the handiwork you give to God,
This monstrous thing, distorted and soul
quenched?
How will you ever straighten up this
shape,
Give back the upward looking and the
light?
How will it be on that not distant day
•When he hath raked the whole globe bare
And finds no more to feed his maw withal?
The ease with which Mr. Markham'9
'■.Man With the Hoe" can be made to
Berve as "The Man With the Muck
Rake," by simply changing the title
and one or two lines, is a proof that
1 from a poetical standpoint there is but
iittlc difference between humanity <>n
the highest material plane and that on
ih-> lowest material plane. 'Time's
tragedy" is about as apparent in the
B 'Mli'l thought of the plutocrat as in
the "aching stoop" of the ditch cHk
gef. To tin' one no more than to the
other is there anything in "the long
I reaches of the peaks of Bong, the rift
'of .lawn, the reddening of the rose/
It. Siebbins is Aghi the only people
who have a ri.yht to be conceited are
those who can preach sermons— and
, Mr. Huntington can do that.
Supreme Justices Beturn.
■The April session of the Supreme Court,
which was held at Los Angeles, has ad
journed and ' the Justices have returned
to San Francisco. Among those to arrive
yesterday were Chief Justice Beatty, Jus
tices Temple and Harrison and Supreme
Court Clerk Root. . . , .
AROUND 'IMF.
CORRIDORS
W. R- Townsend of Los ! is at
the Occidental. '
B. i >. Merritt of Santa Rosa, is staying
at thi California.
T. <'■ White, a i-'r
!,r.'l at the Lick.
J. D. Fairchild, an attorney of Yreka,
ia at the Grand with his wife.
B. Brownlow ■ ■ ' ■ . .n e O f
. arrivals a< th
i . K. Lipman, • paint
• !.. ■ :•
Charles Lippi ■• the
large publisl
'■' wife.
Forrm • Svtpi rior Judjji F. :
i lit is !>.. re to inspect his mi
] in this S:.
Alden Anders< a _
sembly, is in town. A
: Of th
maki a
Josi oh l telehihe ■■'" ■
b< •ii high ag< ril foi I
Hawaii for th
at the California.
Washington, D. i or he
was summon* ■! by Q
Tl i
Anna Sh< ■ r 'it' Mr. and Mrs.
iol dc n Ga 1
Alfr.-u" To! Mr. and M
c. Tobin ol 764 I ('Fan - : street, i<■
the r nt death of
the i ■
dint, r will be c<
; date has yet been fixed for th
Walter Bacon o£ L »s A
city. He ■•••
U. S
ship at sacram< nto ! :-; wini r am
one ol the :■ w i
up t !
Mr. Grant, who cajn< up from S
a few days sinc<
he will r<
Grani arrives hen .
•: to arrive in San Francisco on hi
way to Manila early in May.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOKK
X;-;\V Vi IRK, A] rii 29.— " W.
San Francisco Holland;
C. Meyer of San Francisco is at thi
Savoy.'
POKER PLAYERS IN COURT
All the Cases of the Men Arrested oc
Moniay Were Continued.
The cases of the poker-players arre
■■
partnients of thf- Police courts
they had been assigned
ing. The same routine wa
in ea< ii court, but with d
The Met ropole cas< s
Judge Conlan's court, and A.ttorn< 5 .
child ent« r< .] ;i d< murrer I
which a fter ;> rgiimc nt tl
ru!<-ci. It was [lien by coi
continue t ;.■• cases until M ;
will lit set for trial.
In Judge Grahams court th» i
in !!!■■ Palace appeal ■
nun rer was ;!'.-■■ ci
plaint, which was pr< n I
the Judge, aml ■
on Thursc! •
In Jui
-ti-'i in thi
wi re call* d A 1
murrers to the i
agr< ed 1 h.i r argumei 1
should be ln-;.rd Tuesday, I
]y. at
arguments "
day.
rers w. re overruled \V( d 1
fendants w
the >'.■: • rial.
The Grand Dictator's Deputies.
Grand Dictator, > Arcbitwh* of a* the
Knights of Honor has appointed the fol
lowing named as his district deputies for
San Francisco: B. E. " George for lodges
1716 1330 22(>4 and 2366; H. D. Smith. ' for
lodges 1595 2107 3027 and 34I«; \Y.. ij. Arch
ibald for lodges 1756; l&K. 1^22 and 3^72;
John F. Rau for lodge 1718: Dr. 11., M.
Beck for lodges 1841; 210 S. 2324 and 34-T.«.
and H. A. i '-ill' ]:■!• for. lodges 1731, 1735
The" printed proceedings of the recent
The prli ' dings of the recent
session of the Grand Lodge, which was
held March 21 and 22, will be issued dur
ing the current week.
Eloped From St. Louis.
Mrs. > i red In Ju< - Con
lan's court yesterday to answer a charge
of cruelty to childri n. The case ■
missed, but she was sentenced I
ours for being drunk. It came out 4
in court that she is a widow with two
children and eloped from St. Louis with
Chris Loser, a machinist and mai
man. The couple have been living in a
room at .".17 Howard street. Tlv I
dren will probably be sent to a public in
stitution.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It> at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Ups and Downs.
About the time an elevator boy gets a
little way up in the woi me la
sure to call him down.— Chicago News.
Rock Island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every^.Wedn'esday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicnc"> and Boston.
Manager and porter aceotripanrltHeW excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further Information,
address CLINTON JON'K?. ' General Agent
Rock Island Railway, 624 Market St., S. F.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Santß Fe Boute.
Three times a .week: m day to Chicago. 4H
days to New rort -Handsomest train and most
complete service. Full particulars at 623 Mar
ket street. _ _■
Emm Pasha's Consolation.
"Amidst all ii 1 . 1 recent troubles and
trials I have had one great consolation; I
L"*' . Isb. cat. hitherto
unknown I ' naturalists; it will arouse
coii^i;'.- nihV interest in Europe."— Front,
Finin Pasha: His Life and Work.
ON EARTH!
l(D(l@§filPlpfe^
IN TOWN!
We u°(B 9 hep® idDdaD
(ftl(BsslP[p[J®(Bf
w mi
DENTAL PARLORS
OPEN EVENINGS : a SUNDAYS.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per YearADVERTISEMENTS.
aBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBfIBBBSBBBBBBBfIBBfIBBBBBBBBBB
S3 *w»» *«ptt '
1 PATTOSIEN'SI
F3 ;-.'.;V. ••'"" Jmm^ M. 1 j
B ■■,;!
| The only store in the city that gives bargains in Furniture ancWJ
| Carpets the year round the only store in the city where you j
| are safe from the usury of the two-price combine and from the :
a trap-door methods of the silk-stocking "society shops."
| Corner Sixteenth Street and Mission Street, i
B~ ' '
g ruriiiiure .
s fp|'%^«iMS,' rurmiiire .
g K 'cCXi^^ \i~Xl\y I &■&?/( Y< Sale of California-made Metal
| O^^J^C^W^ ''^E^'H Beds- Hope Industry.
B I ■' f 'r^"tT^JK,Vf riff Iff) An -tp CALIFORNIA WHITE
H y.7pt^rH^fl.iL-r k-_^-N'/1W %- tS/. /D enameled beds —
■ 1 t-^^rn^"^ ==:^T T^lM / '/ I V*- 1 '**lir :i s s trimmed - pillars
■ FNJii-H-l ' n — — -H i n"\\r '/ S 1 1-16 inch, vases l?i Inch, top rods
0 .ttJtMa* >]* H:d - £$4 UiA^ a inch, tilling 5-16 inch; choice of
■i rfTK^^AlJiSlitOl.^ \ XT ">l V throe sizes. This is much heavier
m i i , .'M j rsTTsW^^'X than the customary "cheap" East-
a *- T^—^^_^ } ! -I^-4 1 ?fj |> oril i,ed so prevalent. We guaran-
g — JJ "**^-^~~ tee every bed to be perfect.
■ 07 0 C CALIFORNI A WHITE ■ft A O Crt 2-INCH POST BRASS
□ OliZO ENAMELED IRON BEDS— ' \iLJ hi BED besi bed made in the
wnft.w lß|||Khl und.-r ordinary cii- I l "~ tl market— has bow foot; 3-
n cumstances would sell for $10.00. Ver- | Inch vases, high headboard a sub-
g Itable beauties in point of style— the ; stantlal; sightly bed— lower than the
™ acme nf excellence in point of quality-- l Eastern making price to-day.
U best brass throughout— back it with i ,fc «<.
H i • rejuitation -••■■■ lot in two sizes i __— — > ■»»i\s»fl_
g :;. 6 and 3 ft. wide. 4-^il^'-^ j\\f -^^^^
I 58.75 7^t^ l^^ <^^^^^^^3
U ' ■ • , , namentod with line hand- I, ;R"~~K»n^l3E^rK^ — "VrtN
. larnuered brass work-heavy posts and LrjD JL ET iIW MjL ¥§]
« admirably constructed^-altogether a '"MW 1f V I If
g :;:st -class 112.00 article. This comes in RtSigF W Vis 31 A /
B : sizes. No exaggeration to point to V-iVT>7 / ' v! r>M 'IflrJ/ «•/
E3 this as the best bargain ever often J >>v - \ Ml SI j l"iV I I
Dining Tables and Chairs. "3} -^f( V
H Round extension table in Qi(\ rt\ %r ' \
. palden oak, piano polish, rSIH. nil ! **^
( xactly. like cut........ VluiUU fe^)>
Q •he •* oriety c hops " ask $25.00 for this Table.
3 CX fifi FOR DINING TABLE, solid i f\{\ A for dining-room chairs, solid oak,
I vjJiUU oak - s Pecial value. j yUC extra well made and finished.
S Cl 7K 50 ° PARLOR TABLES in 000 Cfl tor parlor suit-consisting
. JlilJ " ak and mahogany finish A// i n|J of large divan, arm chair
with handsome French shaped ! " lww and ladies' chair— has ma-
ltgs - I hogany back, handsomely inlaid.
T — .
I Baby Carriages: Go Carts: oKSSi Di pi ay .
3 Quality and style strictly the £* at Full reed roll carriage, properly up-
g best — well constructed go- \\ U") holstered, ruffle edge para- d»'r /ir
S carts from $18 to as low a 5.... V»»/t/ 80 1-the finest at I*s— to as \S /S
3 low as ipV.Ut)
m :
G3 -•-r @v ,- s P rin Sale of Rugs, Carpets,
I &tmfi T&v&fM All Kinds of Floor
I §fM^m&f Coverings '
□ '~W/7/!l "A | I '^•^ /^\rl 0A« per yard sewed and laid. 200 rolls
H UV^=6lV\ I- -J£L~ \\\ 01/ C of the celebrated genuine Rox-
j| f<|W^Al jj -, S^ All wvv bury Carpet will be sold at SOc.
B |V' : &^^ < 1 I/"
a LtfM'«fcw--"\S&A£ZJ/ y .^^'N AZn to 7: "' for tapestry Brussels Car.
Q 1 : Lv-^C) - .""/ V 7 ——• \ 43C Petings handsome chamber and
ra •'/^X^ -7, (' I-^L'V parlor effects.
B I : i /~~~-~-L -^ " r - --«* Cr_ to " : "' for all-wool Ingrain Car-
m 4 \ jJ^C-£^TZ~t>>£-+J ',> tjtiL '"'■ twenty patterns to choose
■j •»■-_. d. '-~-~— - — - — » www from -
_
a
1 Straw Matting Sale: From Japan and China,
3 1000 rolls just opened— the finest effects in straw mattings ever shown by us— i
;"i handsome blues, greens. INLAID PLAIN and fancy effects. The prices begin !
H at 10c per yard, thence upward. No wonder this Is mattings headquarters '
I Mattings held till wanted. " I
i 20 Cases of !
1 Fine Lace Curtains.
H A fortunate purchase Sop you and us from two of
':[ New York's largest importers of Lace Curtains.
| Sale Commences To-Morrow Morning.
■ $.- 'rt— White Irish Point Lace Curtains— in $10 00 Brussels Duchess Renaissance and
E3 this sale will ko at a pair— (SPECIAL.) Swiss Lace Curtains, in this sale will ko
ri s:{.i».% at a pair— (SPECIAL) 9U.50
m j; ;,()— Hnissels Lace Curtains, new— this. $20 00— Renaissance Arabian Duchess Sax-
j season's .Ininti^st •••■rns. in this sale ony Brussels, etc.— will go at a pair—
H will go at a (SPECIAL) $.".."50 (SPECIAL.) *i».OO
™ 1". pairs fine Xottinghams, foM at .* ; 73. 12 pairs Corded Swiss Lace Curtains sold
■ go at 1*1.7."; a pair. at 110 00, go at $6.50 a pair.
O 14 i«irs fine Nottingham*, sold at I" 6 Pairs Heal Renaissance Lace Curtains,
B c-.. at i«'l 'Z~* i i.air sum at $10 00. go at .>(!...<• a pair. - - .;■•-:
U go at *•*"■•• -- 1 I^' r t-». - « at 6 pa,,, Point :;;• i jace Curtains, sold
Q 6 pairs Irish Point Lace Curtains, sold at at ?12 50i R0 fU 7 . 50 a pa|r
B ! ' 00. go at !«.J.7.> a pair. 6 Arabian Lace Curtains, sold at $17 50,
51 10 pairs Irish Point Laf> Curtains, sold at ko at •"*"> a pair.
|g JT on, go at *4.r»0 a pair. 10 pieces Nets, all widths, sold at 60c a
| %%%»*&:•£« <*««"*• *°" at atJgAS«?«S Lace, very tine.
m 8 r.:drs Brussejgj I^ce Curtains, sold at M t pairs One 'Lace Curtains, to be closed
5 M 2 '0, s r > at $7.50 a pnlr. ut regardless of the cost, sold at $5 up
5} !• pairs Duchesse Point Lace Curtains, sold ; to $25 a pair, your choice at £2, $5 and
~ at }> 50. go at J*."» a pair. I ."«10.
S K0 Remnantsi drummers' samples, of all-wool ingrain carpets, three-ply and pro-Brus-
™ pels, worth up to 90c per yard; 25c per remnant, each remnant from 1 yard to IV4
S3 yards long.
B — "
| YOU SAVE MONEY AT PATTOSIEN'S.
a __ .
a rnFF That Money-Savinjl Book, Our 200-Page Spring Catalogue.
3 r'IVL.C Write for it.
PRISONERS AT THE BAR.
Several Convicts Sentenced and Other
Cases Considered.
\rmand Gillett, convicted of robbery,
■nas sentenced to '.Ife imprisonment in.
Folsom Prison by Judge Cook yesterday.
On the .-.. of October last GUlett and
J. E. Lynch "hold up" Frank Nones on a
doorstep on Montgomery street, near
Kearny. and took $1 ■•" irnm his pockets.
}:■ th criminals are notorious, having b«v
--••ral prior convictions standing against
their names. Lynch was first arrested
and tried. He was given life In San
Quentln and his pal, Oillett, then fell
into the hands of the police. He was
tried, convicted ami yesterday stood be
fore the bar for sentence. "When Judge
Cook pronounced judgment the prisoner
said not a word and the incident was
closed.
Mrs. Jane Mollarkey, who caused the
death of Mrs. Nellie .Suits and was con
victed of manslaughter, was sentenced to
eight years in San Quontln by Judge Cook.
On October V) last Mrs. Mollarkey threw
a light- <i lamp at Mrs. Suits in a lodging
house at 1046 Folsom street. Mrs. Suits'
clothing caught fire and she was burned
to death. Mrs. Mollarkey was arrested
Electricity for Weak Men.
/ , \ I \l. / There Is nothing like ELECTRICITY to
' \ •'// y^St/^n \ yn/< i, \\ j Put life, vim and vigor Into weak men or
,\>' W. i7\\i~<lJ!^W O''A-i.v^' v -sX!ti((v^ / women. I>ru{CB give but temporary relief;
\^Myj^Jt«ijr\V^HßC]«lSßtofi*vX/ art merely M a stimulant, but Electricity
\ \ M^l^- HEgr^.Xfc- Koef! " all weak v ' arls of th.» body In-
yiit^. vV\»a^.\ x WtL JBy\JKft\M>v Btantaneouely, Impartlnß nature's force
&&& W\ P^t^<^^3^&tM. \ *\£s<K\ thereto nml .lolntc the required work sure-
flrjftm^. :^S^^'M^^ <^Sr~*-~~^- \- fl»BB Iy nnfl in a permnnent manner. If 'run
wPi(jlt-j£* >■r • -:'/*/ T -' ""^--r ..•*'• C^lfll down" hi health ond strength you hud
JJHSr^ '*v^ H±/ -- . '^ Ik^Ui better try electricity. I'«e an Electric
|B9S>>>>»L/ J- V <W2 i^/_-r<i/w'' Ilelt - r ° r thlH ls Ul " VK>flt nn.".ho<l of ap-
™Blf frt??r^^^^^afePpr!?riTra'^y V'ylnK It. hut ho «ur<- you ff et a Komi one
: n^T J I'fil^^ wlllle ■'■■"" are «hout It; In short, try "Dr
CSiflil-i'Or^yl feiffS&EJV 1 1 miy^ :r ' I'lßrce'B." for It Is KiinrnntHe.l to be the
b< *" t I> "'e ( 'trle licit on earth.
V<WU^7Tt uu^'^H^Cv'l^A\VCS iryUooklet No. 2," frtre. at office or
%hi/jj7'.'4\ "> g^P\~ '■ -^P^ V^ Bent 'V ma " for a 2t " ■* P. tells all
: rM ' "S^Bw-w * "■" PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
/<^.<; ? _ 623 riARKET TRE T.
- L ]\ . Opp3»i«« Pa'.aca HjMI, San Francisco.
for thf; crime and, notwithstanding a vig
oroua defense, was convicted.
John Wilson, who pleaded guilty to a
charge of burglary in the. second degrei
was sent to Kan Quentin for three years.
! Thomas ("udahy. an incorrigible youth,
who pleaded guilty to a charge of bur
glary, was Bent to Whlttier during his
minority. Mrs. Margaret Shi- ids. who
pleaded guilty to ;i charge of arson, will
b. sentenced next Saturday.
Motions for n»-w trials for John Pig-
gott and Cal Chllds, Ihe notorious pick
pockets, recently convicted of grand lar
ceny, were argued before Judge Cook yes
terday and taken .inder advisement.
Henry Beacon, convicted pf arson In the
Becond degree, who assisted Mrs. Shields
who pleaded guilty to the charge against
her, will be sentenced next Saturday. Mrs.
Minnie Adams, charged with the murder
of h>-r infiiM son. John R. Gray, was ar
raigned and pleaded not guilty to the
charge against her. Her case will be set
fo» trial next Saturday.
In Judge Lawlor's court William Fow
ler pleaded guilty to a charge of grand
larceny. He will be sentenced on Satur
day next. Judge Lawlor also ordered the
information against R. J. Scanlan
charged with having committed perjury,
during the preliminary hearing of George
Raychester, charged with assault with
a deadly weapon, set anide and the bonds
exonerated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
All Ready for
DEWEY DAY
<*> O
9 npO-MORROW will witness the celebration of Dowey day, and the observ-
q ance of the anniversary of the glorious victory won by Admiral Dewey 9
<§, and the brave men under him will be general throughout the State. It q
O promises to be a fitting commemoration of one of the grandest achieve-
■*" ments in modern warfare. b
The excursion of the Native Son? of Vermont to Sunset Park in the Santa $
■*' ( 'ruz Mountain? is soing to be an emphatic .«uece.«s. So say its promoter?, O
O and they have abundant rea.son to krmw. Judge Belcher, the president ot the 3>
q association, who has labored unremittingly in behalf of the affair, desires it 9
to h<- known that the boat will leave the foot of Market street at N:4. r . a. m. %
O sharp from the narrow gauge depot. "Come early and avoid the rush," is his <j,
••■ advice. Tickets will be placed on sale at the ferry from 7:30 a. m. O
9 Judge Belcher has received tlu- following" self-explanatory Utter: <S>
O NAVAL TRAINING STATION, YBRBA BUENA [SLAND, SAX FRANCISCO, Cal., %
... April 29, 1899. Sir: In reply to your letter of yesterday's date, I have pleasure In In- q
O forming y.. u that th* old "Pensacola" will !>.> dressed with fla«s during May 1. "Dewey <$.
• Day," and will fin- an admiral's salute of seventeen Rime ut s o'clock a. m. on that day, O
O as uurt of tin' celebration conducted by the association of which y,m are president. <?>
'q Very respectfully, HENRY GLASS, Captain U. S. N., Commander. O
General Bhafter will fire a shore salute at 12 o'clock noon. The Secre- q
O tary of the Navy has sent a dispatch to Judge P.elcher stating that a salute <$,
•• will also be fired at Mar • [stand, bo thai the sound of guns will not be lack- O
O tag to Inspire patriotism in the heart of the American citizen who feels a ♦
p conscious pride in our victories on land and sea. <j>
The statement made In yesterday's issue that the flag which will be un- q
O furled to the breeze a; Golden Gate Park to-morrow in honor of Dewey day <§>
'" was presented to the Commissioners by the sailors of the United States ship o
Raleigh is erroneous. The Mag was presented by the enlisted men of the <j>
"» McCulloch. The men on the latter vessel paid $205 for the banner, and it O
° was presented to Mr. Metson for the park in February of this year. The ♦
o crew oi the Raleigh has presented the city of New York with an ensign, 9
, s ;> but it is not as Large or as beautiful as the one which the boys of the Me- q
6 Culloch presented to the park. <jj>
#♦•0 ; O ♦ O • O • O • O • O-OIO'O rO-Or O > O • O • O■• 04 O • Or ■ O ■• O • O ; Of O*-O<s>#
PARK MUSIC SUNDAY
AND ON DEWEY DAY j
The following musical prugrammes'will
be given to-day and 10-morrow, Dewey
day:
SUNDAY.
PART I.
Overture, "/xmipa" Herold
■ i<;i. 'I. a t"7.;irin<?" (lannp
"Burlesque Fantasia" Kappey
Intermezzo from "Pagllacci" Leoncavallo
Grand Fantasia from "AJdd" Verdi
PART 11
Mosaic from the "Hugupnots" Meyerbeer
Cornet solo, "Kentucky Home," with varia
tions
(Performed by William Forner.)
Rhapsodic No. 2 1-iszt
Morceau "Danse Anna mite" Mi iquet
March, "The Return of the Troops".. E. Cruella
DEWEY DAY.
Introductory March. "When Dewoy Comes
Home Lee Johnson
Crand American Overture.. Arranged by Catlin
Contents— "Red, White and Blue," "The
Land of Washington," "America," ".Star
Spangled Banner," "Yankee Doodle."
ttga and Xyl ■
lira ham
Selection, "Robin Hood" De Koven
(.u "Sword ot Bunker Hill" Colvert
(b) Intermezzo, "Cavalleria Rustlcana" —
Mascagnl
"Musical Tour" Conradl
Pictures of the N'^rth and South"
Bendix
Selection from "11 Trovatore" Verdi
Waltz, "Jolly Fellows" Volstedt
1 tescripttve, "i Cavalry Charge" Lueders
March, "Dewey's Victory" Lt-e Johnson
• ♦ .
Insurance Men Meet.
The San Francisco Life Underwriters'
Association held its quarterly meeting and
banquet at Ihe California Hotel last niK'ht.
After the elaborate banquet had been en
joyed a spirited discussion followed on the.
"F.vils of Rebating and Twisting." and
methods for their abatement were formu
lated. Those present were: President J.
M. Kllgarif (who (.resided at the feast),
Charles A. McLane, John Landers. A. M.
Shields. G. M. Stolp, H. C. Donnell, F.
Stolp. Rol>ert Neal, M. K. Field. F. Leav
itt S. M. Marks. \v. a. Jacobs, C. M.
Parker and F. H. Beaver.
O'Briens Play at Napa.
The J .r. O'Brien Company baseball
team lias reorganized for the season, and
Is anxious to arrange for games with
country teams. A number ot first-class
players have been secured. The team will ;
fourney to Napa to mccl th<- Nap:; team
to-day and to-morrow, and on May 7 it
will meet Ltvermore. Country managers
desirous ot arranging games address D.
J llanrahan, can- of J. J. O'Brien Com
pany. _
Conway Resisted Arrest.
Thomas Conway, a teamster, attempt
ed to drive hurriedly over the crossing
at Fourth and Market streets last evening,
when he was arrested by Officers Farley
and Ross for fast driving. Conway vig- j
orously resisted the efforts of the officers
to arrest him, and it was found necessary
to choke him Into submission. A large
crowd gathered and hooted the officers.
Cries of "Shame." "Give the man a
chance" and ~ other similar expressions
were uttered by the crowd. At the City
Prison Conway was charged with being
drunk and fast driving.
■ ♦ ■
Knocked Down by a Car.
An elderly woman named Margaret
Smith, while crossing Ninth Btreet, near
Mission, last evening, was struck by
car 11 of the Sutter street line. Fortu
nately she was not seriously Injured. She
was carried into a house at 113 Ninth
Btreet and Dr. Do re sent for by Captain
Spillane, who had been notified of the
accident. He found that beyond a few
Blight bruises she had escaped unin
jured. Harry Carpenter, the gripman.
was subsequently arrested and charged
with battery.
. ♦ ■
Chinese Union Trouble.
Tolice Sergeant Donovan yesterday
morning ordered torn down a notice
which had been posted by the Chinese
Tailors' Union, warning all non-union
tailors to join. "When he first noticed the
placard there was an excited crowd
around it, and he feared that if it was
allowed to remain the old trouble which
i aused the shooting of Ho Yu would
break out afresh. That the Chinese are
ir"ttlnK ready to do more shooting is
shown by trie fact that two were caught
with pistols in their possession last night.
They were arrested and hooked on a
cfiarge of carrying concealed weapons.
■ ♦ »
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid, 03 Chronicle bldg.»
Twenty-Six New Attorneys.
The following have been announced by
the Board of Supreme Court Commission
ers as having passed successfully legal
examinations: O. W. Eastman, Joseph
Rafael, Bruce Cornwall, George E. Far
rand, W. W. Bedford, Joseph L. Taaffe,
W. H. Willis, J. L. C. Trwin, George D.
White. Robert W. Campbell, W. H.
Young, Francis B. Blake, Guy C. Calden,
A. B. Morgan. William D. Brown, William
J. Marcum, Emll C. Peters, Alex Spots
wood, Robertson T. McKlsick, Jacob L.
Sargent. Clarence A. Biggins, Milton S.
Hamilton, David Leishman. Albert T.
Roche. Frank L.. Fenton and Thomas M
Pennell. ~.
. ♦ . ;
If your property Is mortgaKed and you need
more money Fee H. Murphy, 630 Market. •
■ » ■ •
The Convention Adjourns.
The convention of the Debating League
of Northern California ended yesterday
with the election of ollicers, which took
place in the morning. A. Miller was
chosen president to succeed W. N. Frick
atad. San Rafael was selected as the
place of the next convention and a resolu
tion wan jmsscrt thanking the Board of
Education for the use of the Girls' High
Hrhool. The final cxercibes of the league
were held In the evening and concluded
with a dlHcusslon of the Czar's peace pro
posaL
CROWDS ATTEND
THE CATHOLIC
LADIES' BAZAAR
Contribute to Cause of
Charity.
CELTS ARE OUT IN FORGE
BOOTHS PRESIDED OVER BY
PRETTY WOMEN.
Bright and Attractive Girls Draw the
Nimble Dimes From the
Pockets of Generous
Visitors.
The Catholic Ladies' Aid Bazaar con
tinues to draw good-sized crowds at Na
tive Sons' Hall, and the prospects are
exceedingly good for a generous sum to
be added to the fund being raised for
"sweet charity's sake," notwithstanding
the fact that contrary to precedent up
admission fee is charged. Last night was
Celtic night, and the Celts were there in
goodly numbers prepared to enjoy them
selves and at the same time to contrib
ute to a worthy cause. If any there were
who entertained the idea that because
they were allowed to walk In without be
ing held up at the door they could at leasl
Ugure on having saved the usual price of
admission, they reckoned without their
host.
No one, man, woman or child, was per
mitted to leave the hall until he or she
could furnish satisfactory proof that it
would be profitless to detain them longer.
The many tastefully and beautifully dec
orated booths were well worth paying a
good price to see, and of course it was
simply impossible to look upon the many
pretty and useful articles displayed for
sale without making a purchase. And
then there were the auctioneers, men
with abnormally developed voices, -who
discoursed on the wonderful qualities of
their wares until hypnotized spectators
parted with their cash almost uncon
sciously but none the less irrevocably.
Then there were the hordes of pretty
girls, who besieged each newcomer with
petitions to purchase a chance for some
thing—anything—for 10 cents or maybe
25 cents. Tin re was no denying the "ap
peals of these youthful hlghwaywomen,
for even if the object of the attack was
proof against the captivating eloquence
of bright eyes and smiling lips it availed
him naught, for he was surrounded and
importuned until he was compelled in
sheer desperation to "produce." But the
stand-and-deliver methods of the girl
bandits left no feeling of resentment In
the breasts of their victims. The latter
invariably parted with the coveted dimes
in the best of humor, and the results of
the lawless methods employed is seen in
the stream of small change flowing into
the coffers of the bazaar.
The auctioneers sold anything and
everything for what they could get, and
they usually managed to get very fair
prices, although bargains were not infre
quent. The voting contests are progress
ing at a lively rate, but as is always the
case the friends of the various candidates
are holding back the bulk of their votes
until the closing days of the fair.
The management of the fair is preparing
an entertaining programme for Dewey
day, and a big crowd is expected on Mon
day night. The lunchrooms, which are
open evenings and from 11 a. m. to 2 p. m..
are well patronized, and an appetizing
lunch is served. The fair will close next
Saturday night. \t •
At Glen Park.
The San Mateo electric line is con
structing a spur track from the Che
nery street bridge into Glen Park. To
day's programme at the popular resort
will consist of the following numbers:
The five St. Leons in acrobatic perform
ance; Jack Symonds, the celebrated
conversationalist; Dumas and Dumont
in black-faced comedy; Johnson and
Durant, the musical wonders; Elsie St.
Leon on the flying trapeze; Cramen^
the terpsichorean premier, and ia'eko'
the gymnastic ape. During the after
noon there will be a carrier pigeon
race, the birds being liberated about 3
o'clock.
Monday, Dewey day. there will be a
grand patriotic celebration by the chil
dren of the public schools. The enter
tainment will commence at 10 a m
with a drill of 5000 public school chil
dren under the leadership of Professor
George Miehling, physical instructor in
the public school.
Must Serve His Sentence.
Frank Tyrrell, a deputy pniindkeeper,
who was sentenced to pay a fine of $200,
with the alternative of serving ninety
days In the County Jail by Judge Mogan
some months ago and appealed against
the judgment, was recommitted to Che
jail yesterday, as the Superior Court had
affirmed the judgment of Judge Mogan
Tyrrell was charged with using abusive
and filthy language in the butcher shop
of G. Tassi, in the presence of several
ladies while attempting to capture a dog
belonging to Tassi.
•♦ « —
Genuine Buckeye Mowers, the best.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. •
FREEHOLDERS
HOODWINKED BY
THE MONOPOLY
Telephone Bug in the
New Charter.
CITY FATHERS' HANDS TIED
GIVEN NO AUTHOBITY TO REGU
LATE TOLLS.
The Corporation's Agents Tricked the
People's Representatives by
Cleverly Worded Pleas of
Injustice.
The immunity from municipal control or
Interference which the Pacific Telephone
and Telegraph Company will enjoy under
the new charter, at least as far as con
cerns the regulation of it 3 charges to the
taxpayer of this community, is the result
of carefully laid plans, backed by per
suasive arguments of representatives of
the monopoly who appeared before the
Freeholders and pleaded earnestly, almost
tearfully, that its business would be se
riously impaired and the dear public
greatly inconvenienced should the city au-'
thorities be clothed with authority to fix
the tolls it could charge its patrons with
in the corporate limits. The telephone
company's agents did not fail to suggest
Unit the city fathers could not under the
constitution of the State legally exercise
such power, even if an attempt were made
to confer it upon them in the charter.
The bug in the charter, the existence of
which was pointed out by The Call, yes
terday, consists as stated of omission
rather than commission on the part of the
freeholders, chosen by the people to frame
a Bet of laws for the future government
of the city. They ignored telephone tolls
in framing that valuable document, but
they did so with their eyes open and at
the urgent solicitation of the monopoly.
This is freely and frankly admitted by
the members of the judiciary committee
of the Freeholders, which consisted of
Henry N. Clement, chairman, Dr. E. R.
Taylor and A. Comte Jr., to whom the
whole matter was referred and on whose
recommendation final action was taken.
Mr. Clement said last night that his
recollection was that the subject had
been lefcrreM by the Freeholders to the
legislative committee of which Mr. El
lert \v;:s chairman, which committee re
ported against inserting any paragraph
in the charter giving the city authorities
power to fix telephone rates because of
doubt as to its constitutionality and be
cauße of the fact that the telephone com
pany's business was not confined to Sail
Francisco solely, the same reasons prac
tically as elucidated by Dr. Taylor.
"It is possible," said Mr. Clement, "that
the m-itter was referred to my commit
tee, but 1 do not recollect that it was.
The control of telephone rates by munici
pal authorities Is a new thing, and for
the reasons stated it was thought best to
leave it out of the charter. I was -uid am
now In favor of the fixing or control of
telephone rates by the city, and if the
business of the corporation within the
limits of the municipality can be segre
gated from its outside business the char
ter ran very likely be amended to meet
the requirement."
Dr. Taylor says the question was thor
oughly discussed and considered and the
members of the committee took the action
which they deemed for the best interests
of the community.
•■<>f course ] cannot recall offhand all
that was said on the subject at the time,"
said Dr. Taylor last evening, "but I know
there were several reasons for our decid
ing not to make the fixing and regulation
of telephone rates a part of the charter.
In the first place we doubted our consti
tutional right to do 80, and in the second
place we decided that even if the rates
could be legally fixed or controlled by rep
resentatives of the people, the power'could !
not be delegated to the city authorities
for the reason that the telephone com
pany's business is not confined to the city,
but its lines extend into the adjoining
counties, and in fact all over the State.
You must remember the telephone com
pany is not lik? a gas company or the
water company, whose rates are regulated
by the city. In the case of the latter their
business Is strictly and solely with the in
habitants of the city, and they arc purely
local concerns. In the case of the tele
phone company its business is not local
and tiie same rule will not apply. There
Is scarcely a person in San Francisco,
who uses a telephone, who does not at
Wast once a week call up some one out of
the city. The local and outside business
of the telephone company is so interwoven
that it would be extremely difficult, if
not impossible, for the municipal authori
ties to properly and satisfactorily adjust
the tolls to be charged for city business,
even if they could be legally empowered I
to do so. Any such attempt would be cer
tain to result in endless confusion and
wrangling.
"These matters were all presented to us
by the telephone people and taken in con
junction with the doubt that existed con
cerning the constitutionality of any mu
nicipal law to regulate telephone "rates,
we decided to leave it out. Of course the
new charter is by no means perfect, but
if flaws are found in it. the remedy is
very simple and easily applied. W>
have managed to get along for a good
'■. many years without municipal control of
i telephone companies in the fixing of rates,
and I don't think it will be any great .
hardship for us to go a year or two longer
if it is desired to amend the charter so as
1 to have the fixing of telephone rates taken
from the hands of the telephone pe-ople."
Mr. Comte. wbilo a member of the
1 Freeholders' judiciary congmlttee, was not
! present at the meetings when the tele
i phone matter was up for discussion, a.nd
! although he said there were reasons why
i the charter ignored the rate question he
was not prepared to say what those rea
sons were. "Dr. Taylor can tell you all
about the matter." he said.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Delegates of the American Order to
the Grand Circle Next June.
The following is a complete list of dele
gates to the Grand Circle of the Compan
ions of the Forest of America as fur
nishod to Miss A. D. Bremer, the grand
financial secretary. A most remarkable
fact in connection with this list is that it
is the first time In the history of like fra
ternal organizations in the city of San
Francisco that all the names of delegate*
have been furnished to the proper officer
before the time fixed for the meeting of
the grand body. As a rule a number of
names are not sent In until the morning of
the convention, but In this case Miss
Bn mer had the list compltrte five weeks
before the date of meeting, which will
be in this city on the 7th of June:
Alameda— Hamlet Circle, Miss Marian
Mentel.
Angels (Jhmp— Manzanita Circle, Mrs. C.
Lagomarslno.
Chicn— Pride of Butte Circle. Sol Peiser.
Hcaldsburg— Sotoyome Circle, Joseph D.
Silvia.
Jamestown— Mother Lode Circle. Gay H.
Butterneld and Mrs. G. A. Warren. _
Kern City— Juanita Circle, Mrs. W.
Shaffer.
Marysville— Yuba Circle, H. E. Schmidt
and Mrs. Annie Strlef.
Merced— Chrysanthemum Circle, Mrs.
Katie Agee.
Nevada City— Freedom Circle. Mrs. Vina
May.
Oakland-^Oakland Circle, Miss Frances
Lewin; Loyal Circle. Mrs. B. Ross.
Oroville— Orange Blossom Circle, Mrs.
Sarah Preston.
PetAluma— American Circle, Miss Lottie
Kulie.
San Diego— Silver Gate-San Diego Circle,
Miss J. Aust and Frank X. Wallace.
San Francisco — Excelsior Circle, Mrs. M.
A. Duke. Mrs. C. Tucker; Bay City Circle,
Mrs. Fannie Goodman. Mrs. Helena
Worms; Diana Circle, Mrs. F. J. Drlscoll;
Golden Gate Circle, H. Kohn, Miss J.
Sena; Lorely Circle. 'Mrs. M. Pape; Live
,Oak Circle. Mrs. E. AT. N. Stelnweg;
Olympus Circle, Miss G. Schroeder; Robin
Hood Circle. Mrs. H. Bailly. Mrs. C. O.
Miller. Mrs L. Tlcoulet; Mizpah Circle,
Mrs. M. Sheridan: Golden Era Circle. M.
Levy; Bonlta Circle, Miss May Ballley;
Pride of the Forest Circle, Mrs. M. Huh
W"- ADVEBTISEMEKTS. i *
MUNYON S INHALER.
THE GREATEST DISCOVERY OF
THE AGE.
Cures Catarrh, Colds, Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis, and
All Throat and Lung Diseases, and Prevents
Consumption,
\\ By INHALATION.
f^^^*-^^^>\ /jH WF ""^fc f^9
Inr'" CLOUDS OF MEDICATED AIR
I iIL are inhaled through the mouth and emitted from the nostrils.
Ar — "~ i KII^?~ I > cleansing and vaporizing all the inflamed and diseased parts,
I n ■ JX^ which- cannot be reached by medicine taken Into the stom-
"^ I' j 1 ' ach - '
If f-|h^|l It Costs You Nothing to Test It at Any
1 1 U[[lf | Drugstore. Price $1, with Everything
r fel Wf- Complete, at All Druggists', or Mailed
: . from Our Office.
DOCTORS INDORSE IT. EVERYBODY PRAISES IT
; OVER 400,000 SOLD IN 90 DAYS.
Cast Aside All Other Medicines and Treatments for Twenty-four Hours
and Give This New System a Trial.
It permeates every air passage.
And at once destroys the disease germs.
-It cures -through • medicated ■ and vitalized air.
It is an * invigorating tonic to the vital forces.
You are not confined to the mere odor of a remedy.
You obtain the remedy Itself applied directly to the ailment.
It positively cures Catarrh and diseases of the nasal on?ana.
It positively cures diseases of the throat and lungs.
•It enables- you to cure yourself at home. • ■ .
•It is a- powerful yet 'harmless antiseptic.
It is as easy to breathe as the common air.
It renders unnecessary any cutting, burning or cauterizing.
It destroys at once the bacilli of bronchitis and consumption.
Its use Is followed Immediately by a sense of relief.
It enables you to save big dorter's fees.
It is the most rational treatment known.
It makes you feel like a new person. -•*•,« ,_• •_ ,;■ ..
•This company has prepared separate specifics for all diseases, which are sold by all
druggists. Bach remedy is so labeled there can be no mistake. With them every mother
can become the family doctor. • . ■ • -
If you have rheumatism my Rheumatism Cure will cure it in a few hours; my Dyspepsia
Cure will cure any case of indigestion or stomach trouble: no per, cent of kidney complaints,
including ltrighfs ■ Disease, can be cured with my Kidney Cure; nervous affections and
diseases 61 the heart are controlled and cured by my Nerve and Heart Cure; my Cold Cure
will break in any- form of cold in a few hours; 57 cures for 57 ailments. Every druggist sells
them— mostly 25 ■ cents a vial. Medical advice by mall absolutely free. ■ 1505 Arch street,
Philadelphia". ■■ .:
druf; Inter Nos Circle, Mrs. M. Connell,
Mrs Lizzie Meyers; San Francisco Circle,
Mrs (' O'Callaghan: Presidio Circle, Mrs.
W J. 'Donl'»n; Palo Alto Circle. Miss
Pauline Aaron. Maurice L. Rapheld; Fer
rucio Circle. Miss Tillie Casassa; Inde
pendence Circle. Thomas F. Blake.
Salinas— Santa Lucia Circle, Mrs. Martin
San Jose — Washington-Lafayette Circle,
B R. Bacqule.
Santa Ana— Fidelity Circle, Miss Grace
Moesser.
Santa Barbara— Ocean View Circle, Mrs.
M. A. Coleman.
Santn Rosa— The Rose Circle, Mrs. C.
O. Musselman.
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN
§^"THE DOCTORS THAT CURE,"
Dr. Meyers &. Co. are frequently ! led the "Doctors that Cure." They
' ' have a clear title to the name, having earned it by earnest and skillful service
during the 18 years. Their superior knowledge and remedies, elaborate
: and thorough equipment and their masterly methods of treatment enable
them to cure quickly and^ permanently all cases of lost vitality, wasting weak
'■. ness, unnatural drains' nervous and general debility and all contracted ailments
' :of men, including malignant blood poison,
. They cure all of these troub at any stage. Cases which have become
chronic* painful and complicated yield to the remarkab'e skill of these specialists.
.■' ■ :J:~ \'i. .'. ' Di . Meyers &. Co. devote their time
. . ■ ■ * -l-^^^sl^^. anc ' energies to diseases and weakness
j^^^^^^^^^^^S^^S^^^^ moie proficient than other physicians.
y^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^gi^v They are reliable and responsible. Their
/^^^^^^^ fc> fe j -^igS^^ reputation is the best. Their practice is
,||j| w§j§*is§?' " r ! : /; : ; increasing and widening year after year.
'JislHlfll/^ "^^^ Unless they had been all that they claimed
iSI?&2^W e> e y could not have built up the
(§|is£§§KJ? r *^^^ largest and most successful business west
(/§£&s£&& .( f^^^^^^^tJm^^at competent specialists they would not be
1 ' J r - Beyers &. Co. cure men in all walks
, X^tffi/ *\ °^ e > rom tne banker to the humble
s%y\ ■* Wfllk. >: * ' s~- ' iliiil wage-earner. Their prices and terms are
///fossniviw>ir J"i^C4*^^^^a reasonable, alike to rich and poor.
$M^WMM&tt. THERE IS NO CHARGE.
Wti&M \^B^l^^^^%W' consultat: ° n and advice at office or by
irclPilsii" l $i !^ w^^ ma - n y man W ' U| ° is a '' in S can 'earn
ttmeMz&L ffl^t^W^^m^!^ -^ a " a b° ut s P n y s ' ca ' troubles without
liSiimi»\ : ' I^W^BHBjß^aMw'ilfflP^; paying any money, no matter whether he
'W' ' wl\ll||^' -^ ■ ® Tl Me y ers & cure a S reat many
.~.;v; : , . ; ■ . ■ .~~ patients every year without seeing them.
• ,■ .'; The r home-cure system is a special and
• r 2.bly mamged department of their institution. Those who are interested
;. : .should write for question list, free advice and full particulars. All correspond-
' ':.•/. Verice confidential. No marks on envelopes or packages to indicate name of
■■: :■ : '< sender. .V . . . •
I : ' PRIVATE BOOK FREE.
V ,v . Dr. Meyers & Co. have recently issued a new book, " Private Counselo r
1 and Marriage Guide," fcr men only. This little publication, which is sent
1 sea ed to all who write, or given to all who call at the office, contains* a great
.• '.Lideal' of valuable information for men, young or old, sick or well, married or
single.
DR. ME YERS & CO.
. - Largest and Best Equipped Medical Institution in America.
:^>by Market Street, I ELEVATOR | Hours- Sto 5 Daily.
a **1 • San Fmncisco I ENTRANCE. Sundays— 9 to 11.
M i San Francisco. tWrKANtfc. | EvenltißS-7 to 8.
Sonora Circle— Miss Marie Damin.
Stockton— Stockton Circle, H. E. Steph
enson. • ■, -
Watsonville— Pajaro Valley Rose Circle.
A. M. Martin. -
The following, named circles report a
net gain during the year: Independence,
Fidelity, Orange Blossom. Silver Gate,
San Diego, Olympus, Ocean View, Lorely,
Golden Era. Inter Nob, Palo Alto, Yuba,
', Freedom, Stockton. American, Juanita.
Chrysanthemum, Manzanita and Tha
Rose.
— — ; » » « —
; Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
i or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
78
K>o<K>o<KK>o<K><KK><KK><K>oo<K><K>o
i ~ ~~ ~~~ ' ■ 1
Positive iL General
Bargains /1/J ivMnr * o^^") Reduction
In All "j^fwU^fCif In Former
Departments. l (Iff «urpi, y -Buiwin«. / Prices.
. [/ {/ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts. /
» I
ANNOUNCEMENT!
We take pleasure in announcing to our friends and the public that on
■TUESDAY, HAY 2,^m=
We will inaugurate a
mh^ B 1 JK^BL IBt WBk W!is SJWyiF ISL SBHPB SB^ ifiWik B^pß IE jb
"S V"' s I , IB Hw^S : ''" am S&lgk II H ' aloft. I IB
At greatly reduced prices of our immense stock of seasonable goods, which comprises the following:
BLACK AND COLORED DRESS GOODS, SILKS, TRIMMINGS, LACES, EHBROIDERIES, NOTIONS,
CORSETS, RIBBONS, JACKETS, SUITS, HOUSEFURNISHINGS, WAISTS, CLOAKS,
CAPES, LADIES' UNDERWEAR AND MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
KK>o<K><KK><KH><>o<>o<K><K>o<KH><KH>o<>o<>^
THE SENATORS
BARELY ESCAPE
BEING BLANKED
Oakland Wins a Fast
Contest.
RUSSELL'S MASTERLY WORK
HOLDS HIS OPPONENTS DOWN
TO TWO SAFE SHOTS.
Watsonville Drops a Game to the
Crustaceans in the Presence of
n L:\rge Concourse of
Crnnks.
Out at Reel ' ' ifter
■ ■ ■ '
ptween a whirl-
Oakland and Sncr.i
--i ii .iiiifiii
d his late
i. Martin.
.Ti;st about the time Mr -..■■no.l
the t
admission ticket, nnd :s momeni later hie
•i to the crowd
by a creakinp ' nd quivering of
Mr. M artin spread litm-
M\ m front nf
the '.• asv,' ■ recovering
hi? breath slewed around and effusively
■;% ii. f. ated for
Marti!,
take an Interest In the
game, for he said so. and hoped th<
of office wi >uld not ■•
ular attendance. !i always be
welcome and could gel into the Inclosure
any ttme • rter, i.e. matter what
• :■
»how that ).. in. ;mt what
lid, purchased one ' .nuts
and th« two eminent politicians fell to
vK. amid the acclain - pop
■
While this touching Incident was un
folding Itself the young men from across
the bay and those from the halls of the
State Capitol were doing nil Hurts of fancy
baseball steps on the diamond. The Ben
ators, reinforced by Hon. Truck Kgan,
late of San Jose, came down with a blood
curdling resolution to put ' '.'.'. Ewlrig and ]
hi? cripples so deep In the hole that they
would not be able, to crawl out again this •
year. Rut somehow their resolution did i
not fill, and unless they capture both of j
to-day' giim«»s they will return to their |
constituents with i ho target.
It was Russell's day. ami to him is duo
the responsibility for Sacramento's down
fall. He was simply invincible, and to
that fact the Senators owe their present
position of tallenders. Two hits, one
in the third and a double. in j
the ninth, wore all they could score off
Russell's delivery. The last hit. Bh< ■ I
ban's double; ought to have been pulled
down by Hardie. but Clam Juice Lou mis-
Judged it. and though he made a wild
dash into the heavens for it he could not
connect. Had he annexed It Sacramento
TTOUId have been shut out. .Kussoll did
rmt pi) in .■••:• record. He was
content to send up a variety of ball that
the opposing batsmen could do nothing |
more with than to roll along to an In- i
fielder, with an occasional fly to the out- '
field. Dunleavy was back in the game,
being the last of the Oakland crippios to
round into shape. A couple of ''•'■• ■ neat
ly trapped was the extent of his labors.
Bclimecr played the etar fielding game for |
Oakland, and ran bnses like a chamois
bounding over the Alpine crag?.
Doyle was In the box for the Senators
nnd was fairly effective, though at times
Inclined to be a trifle erratic. Stanley
kept him well In hand, however, and
pulled him out of several precarious situ
ations. In the eighth the first three Oak
landera nil plunked out singles, and it was
only by the sharpest kind of fielding that
they wore prevented from scoring in that
inning. Had such fielding prevailed
throughout the game there is no telling
when either side would have scored, but
it did not, and. Oakland won, mainly
through Shanahan's misplays.
It was this way. Up to the sixth inning
not a run had been made and only one
hit was credited to each side. It was ,i
remarkably fast and pretty contest. Then
with one man out Sehmeer tore off a sin
gle and stole secon/i. Lange sent a
smoker down to Egan, who assisted him
out at first; Schmeer going to third. When
Shanahan got the ball he went Into a
trance and Sehmeer stole home, with the
big rst baseman staring at him, but
making no effort to cut him off.
In the seventh Dunleavy was sal on
Shanahan's muff. Moskiman hit to Egan,
forcing Dunleavy at second. Had Shan
ahan held Dunleavy's fly Moskiman would
have been retired at first. As it was he
was safe and scored on Hardies long
double to right. Hardle went to third on
Lee Hammond's out and tallied on Rus
sell's single two runs, when clean fielding
would have shin off any.
Pacramento scored on a fluke in the
ninth, when most of the spectators were
going home under the Impression thai it
would be a whitewash. With one out
Doyle was given his base on balls, stole
second and after Egan had struck out
completed the circuit on Sheehan's scratch
double. Tho score:
SACKAMENTO.
AI! R. BH. SB. 1"' >. A. F.
Preplcs, 3 b 4 0 0 0 0 1 1
-' l> 4 0 0 0 . 3 0
Stanley, c 4 0 0 o 5 10
Doyle, p I 1 0 1 9 * 0
Ksan, ...» i 0 0 2 2 * U
Sheehan. r. f" 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
Khun:ihan. 1 h 4 0 " 0 ' 12 l 3
Walker, 1. f 3 n i i o 0 0
Beekwlth, c. t 3 0 0 i) 2 0 0
Total? 31 1 ~2 4 24 17 ~4
CyVKLAND.
am K. UK. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
hmeer, 8. • 4 1 2 I 2 3 l
Uinxe. 3li I 0 10 0 11
W. Hammond, c 4 0 2 15 10
Dunleavy, if 4 0 D 1 0 2 v 0
Moskiman, lb .i l 0 0 g 0 2
Hanlie, r. f : 1114 10
I. Hammond, 2 b.... 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Russell. p 2 0 10 0 10
Total? 31 3 7 4 27 9. ~4
RUNS BY INNINGS. {I- :
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 I—l
Hnse hits 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1-2
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 0 *-3
Ua*e hits 0 10 0 0 12 3'—;
SUMMARY.
Two-1 i ' hits— Hardle, Sheehan. Sacrifice
hit— Dunleavy. First ba-e on errors— 5 i.r.i
ixiinto, 3: Oakland. 2. First base on called
balls— Sacramento. 3: Oakland, 2. Loft on bases
—Sacramento, 5".- Oakland, 6, Struck out By
Qoyl«, I; by Russell, 3. Double plays— Btulti
to Eg&n to Shanahan: Kgan to Stanley to
Phanahnn. Paused ball— Hammond. Time of
Kiime— l:lß. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer —
St.ipleton. is.-.'"'
• - r. '
Santa Cruz Defeats Watsonville.
Santa CRUZ, April — Watsonville
met defeat in the game with Santa Cruz
this afternoon, In the presence of a large
crowd, by a score of 11 to 3. Up to the
seventh Inning the score was 2 to 1 In
favor of Wataonville. Donlin's long drive
to right Held, which Whalen muffed.
brought in two Beachcombers. In the
eighth inning Burge's wicked ball to right
let tv more men reach home. In the
ninth Santa Cruz made six runs. Watson
vllle's poor field work was partially re
sponsible for the defeat. The Beachcomb
ers' heavy batting did the rest. When
they landed on Harper they effectually
demolished his curves. Balst pitched a
masterly game. In the seventh, with two
men on bases, be struck out three Wat
sonvillians. The star play was strelb's
catch of a difficult fly and Donlin'a catch
of a hot ball sent to center by Belna. The
sc< ire:
SANTA CRUZ.
AIJ. R. BH. Sl3. PO. A. i •
Williams. 2b 3 2 2 0 3 3 0
IVnltn, c. i v 5 110 - 0 l
Devereaux, 31> I 1 1 0 3 « i
Pace, c 4 10 14 2 0
i iark. lb 5 0 i 0 12 o o
Strelb. 1. f 5 2 i 3 2 0 0
Arrrllnnes. *. ■ 5 I 0 I 0 2 2
Burse, r. 1 5 0 > 0 0 0 0
Ualsz. p 5 2 10 14 0
Totals 12 11 11 6 !I IB 1
THE SAN FR AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
OFFICE BOY TOUCHED
C. P. HUNTINGTON
He Who Could Not Be Trailed by the
Quarters He Dropped Gave
Up a Five-Spot
X £"> AY. yer can't go In dere widout sendin' in ycr card, sec?" and Mr. Hunt-
X: \. Ington, president of the Southern Pacific and heir apparent to about '
O v) everything else, stopped suddenly in his way to Mr. Flllmore'a of- ■
X flee to find that official's diminutive office boy blocking his way.
V "Gimme yer card an' I'll see if he wants to see yer." '!"•
rt "Buggß" didn't know it was the magnate be bad held up, but "Buggs" :
<•->. can't tell the difference between a magnate and a politician, anyway— '
V Millsey and Herrin look alike to him. It was not such a reception as either ,
"I one of them would have given their chief. however, and he stopped to ask :
X questions. "I can't go In. eh? Well, my boy, who are you?" L'C'-i
0 : "I'm associated with Mr. Fillmore," replied "Bugga."
0 "And what do you do round this establishment?" continued the boss of It ;
<♦> all. ;
0 "Everybody," retorted "BttggS," and that's where he got started right.
1 Huntington had use for that kind of people in his business and here, ready '
V to his hand, was a possible successor to Millsey or Stubbsey or some other of ■
A ' the star fourteen heads of departments who spend their years in hard work
£> and banquets. . ,
V "Everybody?" echoed he. and. hesitatingly, like a rabbit on a strange
X trail, his hand sought his own pocket and when it finally came out again i
<£ "Bucks' " eyes were dazzled by a bright, shining five-spot. Holding it
§ temptingly before him the aged magnate said: "Take this money, my boy. ;
$ It's a five-dollar piece. Be economical: save twenty— I guess you
know what to do with it. Lei Mr. Foster keep it for a few days until you
*" are used to having it, and do 'em well." muttered he. as, forgetting his visit ;
c to Fillmore, the elevator and everything else save his find in Fillmore's of
£, flee, the king climbed a whole flight of stairs back to the star chamber to
V reflect upon how he had left one footprint in the waste over which he has
<N dropped no quarters.
9 "Buggs" got the the. but he missed the parable of the pennies, the dough-
O nuts and the poor but frugal young man, and therein with the five-dollar
a- piece lay the president's loss and his gain.
o m^i«?« v* :o Has** &.S- o.^*?*k? o.x!\s $s£«e« -hs s> b&B*w««* j^^m^ ,
WATSON VII. UK. -- '■'
AH. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
: nrookhoff. 8b •'> 0 10 112
McCarthy, s. s •*> 0 1 0, 5-0 l ;
Courtney, c. f » 0 0 0 10 0
S< Ina lb 4 1 1 0 M 1 0
Flake. It) -• 4 2 2 0 2 5 2 |
Morrow, c « 0 \ 0 S 2 0 .
Hayes. I. i S 0 0 0 2 0 0
Whaler., r. f .. * 0 0 0 0 0 2
Harper, p _» J> _0 0 14 2:
Totals 37 S 6 0 27 IS 9 I
— RUNS BY* INNINGS.
Santa Cruz .*.. 0 0 10 0 0 2 2 6—ll*
Base hits 10300113 2-11
WRtsonvllle 0 00200010— 8
Base hits 0 10102110—6 i
SUMMARY.
Earned Santa Crust. Two«baso hits— '
Burse. Plake, Morrow. Sacrifice hit— Donlln
First base on errors— Santa Cruz 5, Watsonville
4. First base on called ball*- Santa Cruz 4
WatsanvlUe 3. i..mi on bavee— fiaata Cruz "'
WatKonvllle 7. Struck out By Halsz 3 by
Harper 3. Wild pitches— Harper 2. Time i
gan»-l:50 L'mpl ~ O ' Connell - Official scorer
— H. FlOiMg.
San Jose Wins a Game.
SAN JOSE. April 29.— The Ban Joses de
feated Uncle Hank's men from San Fran
cisco to-day in a game at Cyclers' Park
by a score of 5 to 1. "Doc" Leake, who
was at shortstop for the Gardeners,
played a remarkably tine game, 'accept
ing nine chances with no errors. The
scor»' i
SAN JOSE. _i
AB. R. BH. SB. I'" A. E.
McGucken, c. I 5 12 10 0 0
Klcibor. 3 b 5 1 1 0 0 1 2
Anderson. 2 li 3 110 5 10
Dalrymple, 1. f 2 110 2 0 0
Hanlon, i 1. 3 1 1 0 14 0 0
Foley, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Lenke, s. * 3 0 10 2 7"
Borehers, p 3 0 10 1 2 1
Kent, c 4.0 0 0 3 2 0
Totals 31 5 8 1 27 13 3
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne, 3 b 3 0 0 0 0 4 0
-. 8 4 0 10 15 1
Sullivan, 1 b!. ....... 3 0 1 0 IS 0 0
HililpbrancH. c. {.... 4 0 10 3 0 0
Muller. 1. i 3 10 0 0 0 -
Hillings, 2 1) 4 0 10 10 0
Swindell, c 3 0 10 3 0 1
Fltzpatrlck, r. f.... 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Iberg. p I 0 2 0 12 0
Totals n i 6 0 27 11 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 0 1 4 0 0 0 0 0 o—s
Base hits 0 13 0 1110 1— 8
San Francisco 0 10 0 0 0 0 " o—l
Base hits 0 1 0 2.0 1 2 0 o—6
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Hanlon.- Two-base hit—
GuoUen. Sacrifice Leaks, Dalrymple 2.
Swindell, Foley, Muller, Hanlon, Pyne. First
base on errors— San Jose 2, San Francisco 3.
1.. : • on bases— San Jose 6. San Francisco 8.
Base on balls— San Jose 1, San Francisco 1.
Struck out— By Borchen 3. by [berg 3. Hit
by pitrher— Anderson. Umpire— Cahlll. Time
: of game— l:3S. _ «
Games To-Day and To-Morrow.
Manager J. Cal Ewlng of Oakland will
op, -ii his new ball park at Golden Gate
this morning, the Senators ably assisting
him in the ceremony, which will consist
of :i regular league came for the cham
pionship. The grounds are as pood as
any in the State and if the weather is
int all of Oakland will be in at
-9 well as j large pan of San
Francisco. Cranks from this sid.' should
take the 0 >r 9:30 boai and train for
}■• rk< ley, getting off at Golden Gate. The
grounds are Jugt a block from the Bta
tion, Bwing ■will dona to the entire re
ceipts of the gome to the Reliance Club.
The teams will line up as follows:
1 :nd. Positions, Sacramento.
w. Hamrai nd Catcher Stanley
Shea i'lu-her Re.kwlth
Mosklman Firsi base Shanahan
L. Hammond Second ban stultz
Lance Third base Peopled
s. hmeer Short stop Epan
Dunleavy i.eft Held Walker
Donovan Center field Doyle
Hardle HtglH field Sheehan j
In the afternoon at Recreation Park
the same teams will play the concluding
game of the series, the game beginning
ai 2:15 o'clock. The icnins? will line up !
the same as yesterday, Russell doing the
pitching for Oakland and Doyle for Sac
ramento.
To-morrow, Dewey day. Oakland and
San Francisco will play my th^ Kami post
poned from April 9 ai Oakland, the con
test taking plae< at Recreation Park \v
siend. Thr league directors, in honor of
th>- occasion, have extended an invitation
to th< officers and crow of the battleship
lowa to attend th< game, and with sev
eral hundred lusty-lunged tars as well
aa the equally voclf< rous cranks spurring
the teams, there ought to be excitement '
and enthusiasm enough at Recreation
Park to satisfy the great admiral him
<• If. Man-o'-warsmen arc true lovers of
athletics and every man Jack of the
towa's crew who can ! •■ span d from the
ship will be at the game. Play will begin
at 2:30 o'clock.
Fraternity Banquet.
The Phi Delta Phi legal fraternity of
California and Stanford universities held
its annual banquet at the California Hotel
last evening. Thirty-five guests sat down j
at a table over which Oscar Beatty pre
sided. An orchestra added to the enjoy
ment of the occasion and the following
toasts were responded to: "Phi Delta
Phi," H. H. Brown; "Law College " \V
B. Bosley: "Miller Chapter" (Stanford)
M. Smith; "The Undergraduates," Lloyd
Baldwin; "Pommeroy Chapter" (U. C)
Alexander Baldwin.
The following were among the guests-
H. H. Brown, L. S. Beede, R. C. Harrison'
G. E. Crotherß, F. V. Keerllng, S. M Van
Wyck, E. F. Treadwell, F. A. Sanborn
W. B. Bosley, S. S. Sanborn, A. P. Leach'
F. L. Deahl, G. A. Laughlin, G. E. Gar
diner. W. M. Abbott. F. S. Chandler F
B. Broden. E. S. "Williams, P. R. Smith'
C. S. Chandler. Warren Hull, \v. A*
Busley.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonau, 1017-1023 Mission.
FIVE WAR SHIPS
ARE UNDER WAY
FOR UNCLE SAM
Keels Being Laid for
Defenders.
The Crowded Condition of the Scotts'
Yard Necessitates Two Addi
tional Slips for Building
of Ferry-Boats.
Every available foot of ground about
the Union Iron Works is being covered by j
castings for the five vessels contracted
for by the T'nit.-cl States Government, i
The keels of the vessels are being laid in
the five sheds where they are about to be '
constructed. The Ohio, which will be the j
largest vessel ever turned out on this '
coast, has her keel laid on the berth off ;
which the Wisconsin .elided a few months
ago. On either si.k' of this future mon
ster are the keels of the throe torpedo- |
»♦!*•♦ •*♦?*♦•* ♦?? ♦ S3 :♦ 88 +?*+!*«-?2+ ?;♦ SB+2**-S5-*Si-«- JS ♦82♦ S8 ♦ 83*&*-*r»-8»4£«*0
Maekay \
Quits I
We are going out of business — going to sell every- **
thing in the store, then quit. " §
Monday the sale begins. , S3
$50,000 stock of Furniture, Carpets Mattings, %
Curtains and household goods must be sold at once. ' s?
The prices are cut to cost. s
Chance to fix up the home comfortably at small *♦
outlay. " SS
Some of these, for instance: *•
! ♦
3000 yds Tapestry Carpet at 45e j Enameled Iron Bedsteads Brass
5000 yds 10-wire Tapestry Car- ! trimmed 'S3 25 ♦
pet, including the Roxbury, . Solid Brass Bedsteads Vrom..sTB ♦
Stinson and all leading makes., j Chamber Suites in Golden Oak s *
! , ;,"d'U""d ; ££ C ! Mahogany, Maple, that were *.
, Lowell Body Brussels..... 95c 525 to Sioo, n0w...515 to $65 *♦
Bigeiow and Hartford Axmins- High-back Dining Chairs 95c »
! ter5........ $1 15 Hal! Racks, Golden Oak." that- *,
200 rolls Linoleum, per yard. .33c were <10 to $50 now ' ♦
> 300 roils Japanese Matting, per ; * ' $7 to $35 •*
! yard •••; 18c SidfbS'K'BuffVts'vfJbofireSes r *.
; ALEX. MACKAY & SON I
; 715 MARKET STREET 1
:/■ Near Call Building [ 1
> *W'»»M'Mai-»8i-»a-»-8H«iBiM > B tS , 8> , B , M>M>< l <s< . a(a . a , i l > j
boats. Adjacent thereto are in prepara
tion the ribs and other sections of iron
and steel out of which the monitor will
be built.
All five vessels will be under construc
ting at the same time, while not far dis
tant, as soon aa the addition to the yard
is complete, two ferry-boats will be" put
■r. Work on these two latter ves
sels would have been commenced some
time ago had there been room for them
on the ways, but their construction had
delayed because the United States
Government urged the company to push
the building of the men-of-war.
With the building of these seven ves
sels there will be pfenty of work at the
Union Iron Works for at least one year.
The finishing touches, are he-ing- put on
the Wisconsin by the addition of her
armor plates, some of which measure
eighteen inches in thickness.
A short distance out in the bay from
the yard lies the Towa. on which a gang
of men is at work making repairs on the
boilers and other machinery.
Ocean Water Tv Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
■ » ■
Pacific's Entertainment.
Last Friday night Pacific Council Xo. 8
of the t'hospn Friends gave a pleasant en
t< rtainmeni a? a compliment to the thirty
two hew members who have been admit
ce the first of the year. There were
present in the council room In the Alcazar
building about two hundred ladies and
g< ntlemen, and a pleasing programme of
literature and music was presented by
Mrs. A. A. Lion, Miss Kruse, Miss Fa»
sold, Mrs. Josle Velten, P. Mauer. Mlbs
Julia McNerin and Miss Alice McNerin.
There was an address to the new mem
bers by Charles Alpers. After the pro
gramme there waa a collation in the ban
quet hall, and then followed dancing until
midnight.FRED FOSTER
IS HELD ON
HEAVY BONDS
Scathingly Rebuked
by Judge Conlan.
NOW ARRESTED FOR PERJURY
FIGHT BETWEEN HORSEMEN
INTENSIFIED.
Important Principle Involved as to a
Trainer's Powers to Ship Horses
Without Consulting With
the Owner.
■ ■ t ■ a A. Howard,
ilian plunger, and Fred F
• man, is being rapidly ini
m si daily th<
ij morning Judi
•
money bj
htm bj How
ik< in
■
■
i [<
-
a jury
com
■
iry in
In Judge
■ h out
Lhat when the
ed only ho
nt. Witn
■■: w ard him
■ were present at
itched out
Mrs. Howard waa also
|
Judge i lonian's
thi afternoon,
and about
I John Hack< tt and Wil
■
ty Prison I
Gibson
■ . ■
ndsmen ai
: ;
incompllmentary n marks
■
nvolved In this
b m< n. I-.
« trainer
:\ his em
can ship
■
t is being
Ing m< n all over th».- Union.
DISTURBANCE AT THE
HOTEL SUTHERLAND
MISS JOSEPHINE BURR WANTED
BY THE POLICE.
She Is Accused by Mrs. Sturtevant
of Conduct Unbecoming a
Gentlewoman.
-
Thursday ■
■
■
■ iard
implaint bei n
■
■
| .■ . ■
thi facts,
■
El it.
ipon a cer
■ ■ Mrs.
■
r for ( . •
■
■
■
wh i ■
■
Donovan Charged With Murder.
:
I
I I charging
th murder.
POSTUM CEREAX..
A YOUNG WIFE.
A Lucky Experiment.
"A mg lady friend of mine
man Fastidious man
. r. For four years her
■ irts to pr ' lsfa< tors
'dishes' to suit his palate provi
failui
pang • of her
• . In that direction.
• The other day I . et lett< r
■ In which sh<- said, "Life is as
bell, Everything
husband now se< tns
Hr ■ r Kind and i on jiderate,
hat do you think I attribute
the ■■■ ... 
I tun Cereal Pood I 'offee.
Ivelj !)<■! -
■ • irritable with
ilways tl led to
I ■ '. • - a he could,
not well. Now
thing is changed, and you may
latip! as you like at the ■
of t 1 ii . helesa we
know that I P turn that has done It.
••'I learned to make it bo that the
taatc Is i ."11111101! coffee. At
l failed two or three times, but
: -ays get it gi od by simply al-
lowing it ; ! tme to boil; ai
: a thing as this hinged our
which opened from unhappinesa
to happiness. 1
"Another friend of min>\ Mr. Ji
Randall, saya h'- has bees able to un-
■ exa tii and trying busi-
res, although of extremely cx-
i v I mp rament, since
... |he use <>r all '.>tii<-r bev-
-. particularlj coffee, and usinp
iter and Postum Food
<'<&<■' Caroline A. Jones, Houston
Heights, Texas
WOULD SEND THE LEPERS
TO FAR AWAY MOLOKAI
5 Supervisors Inspect
I the New Building
at the Pest
house*
SUPERVISORS Hollam \
r mid Byington paid an
official visit yesterday ;
to inspect th.
iiiK now In course of coi
tinn. It was Mr. Byington's Introduc
tion to the work of tTie Building
Ittee, of which h« was n
•
iv rapidly taking form and will soon
ipa At pr< si nt
all the cha i - housi ■!
in the main building in cramped quar-
Pwo have died within a ■
leaving nineteen ir.m insti
tution.
The ur lunds are to
rubbish ;r ■ ■
ROUNDED THE HALF
CENTURY TOGETHER
JAp. and «Mp§ Elia§ Bepnstein,
AT th<.- residence of I ■■'•:. 1765 Howard street, was celebrated
last eight one of th< ippy event ! i wedding.
Foi '; : ■ re have Mr. and Mrs. Bernsti path
way sid<- by Bide, and last night, surrounded b> friends, tl
(•"ii^r.. : . .. epoch.
Mr. Bernstein Is a pioneer of pion era, having rrived In California from
< ;. i !!. -;\ \ few months lei ■ ■ • ni and
in New Xork awaited the arrival of the m ra th< "Fatherland"
whom hia wife. A brief period was spent on the Atli .
then followed a return to the n i ■ ova climati irnla, where
Mr. B ed activelj In mining in lorhoofl ■
vill'-. Forl red hia ventures, and the past several years have been
• in San Francisco i:: th< I C a competenci well earned and
thi- rearing about them of a : shadow.
Four children have blessed I i I Bernstein now of Chicago;
Louis and Edward Ben ; .-in of this city, and Mrs. H. London, wife of tin
well-known wholesale tobacco San Francisco. They find thi
[ends of the family w ■ and the gathering
■ happy one. The bouse had lecorated with flowers
throughout, and aftei v ; .. nous banquet congratulatory toasts were
without numbei nd Mrs. Bernstein stjii enjoy
llent health, and It is 1 » of a vast circle of friends that
many another anniversary ma llarly marked.
WILL BE A SUCCESS.
Preparation for the Great Industrial
Art Exhibition.
Preparation - are b/ l> B ■■ ' r thi
Exhibition of Industrial Arts, to bi |
under tli- 1 direction of the California Club
during the week beginning May 20 in the
;irt gallery of the Mechanics' institute.
The number and variety of the exhibits
Insures a display 'if applied art h
and comprehensive proportions. An In
teresting musical 'programme la being
prepared by a committee, and will add
greatly to the features of the affair. The
for decoration will provide for th<
i lacing of every particular object
It will mosl beautify the gallery wit
dvant 'is-.' 1 to Itself.
Tho purpose of the exhibition is to af
opportunity to craftsmen and ar
of California of bringing togethei
their handiwork that it n tudied
compared. Applications can ;■
, later than tnli week, and should be
--.-•I to Exhibition < :ommitt<
California Club, Y. M. C. A building.
Advance* made on furniture ::na pianos, with
or without removal, .f. Koonan, 1017-1 ■
Troubles of Violinist Egry.
Besides having a charge of misdemeanor
i mbezzlement l><i<>k>''.l against him by '/.< no
Mauvais & Co. f«r burrowing and pawning |
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
I " i instructed. At present the sani
: i ';• worst . and
Immci will be taken to rem
i dy the evil.
Li rmined atfori is being mnrto by
I folland and Aig<
■ city of persona]
pers. Th( ir ej es ai
ettlemem In
the Hawaiian Islands. This is under
an i ontrol i-"\s . and an
will bi made t" secure an act of Con
rizing the sending of lepers
tli' rt-. Pending th< necessary i
i! 1 his ]■• suit -in effort
.! jfer the sorely
'■tionp.
It is pj i hi mid Molokai,
olii Pai i :. . . the w II- known vlo
■ ;••! eha rg< of feloi
■ against I
■ ng witness Is Dr. Bur-
St. Nicholas Hotel, who loaned
a valuable violin Beveral weeks ng<>
and hi
Bent Burgess the !), r iwti 1 1 . ■ u « t .
Tried to Shoot His Friend.
Tin- preliminary examination of Tim
othy Dugan, charged with attempting to
shool his friend, John C. Nobmann, sec
retary ut' the Retail Srocera' Association,
nbout Ji month ago, w;is held before Judge
Graham y< and the Judge hr-i<!
him to answer before th< Superior Couri
in HOOO bonda or a charge of assault with
:i deadly weapon. There was an attempt
t'i gel thi case dismissed by friends of
]>ii;r.-ui on the ground that ho haJ nctcd
in :•(•'] defen! c, but the Ju - J to
( ountenance it.
H. Murphy. 630 Market street, lends money
on second mortgages and estates. '. "• '
Marine Firemen's Funds.
John Dougherty, til ex-treasurer of tho
Marine Firemen's Union, was yesterdp.y
hr!d to answer before the Superior Court
by .) in on a charge '>i felony
zzlement In tSOOO bonds. The bonds
promptly forthcoming. Dougherty
wu charged with embezzling $1100 from
the funds oi the union.
thi re to be maintained at the expense
of this citj .
Supervisor Holland, Max Popper and
r Larry Dwyer have the matter
in charge. The residents of the Mis
sion have protest! d against Ihe re
building of th< }'• sthouse or the prose
cution of any work tending toward
th> permanency "f the establishment.
It is to nie<'t thHr wishes th;>t tlu>
committee Is working. It is not
th.ni.uiht likely the Pesthouse will be
abandoned, as it would be an immo
diate necessity should smallpox de
■ ■■• All i asi s must <> f neces
sity h< Isolated, and some place must
be provided against the contingency
of an outbreak.
THE CITY'S GAS BILLS
ARE STILL UNPAID
PERRAULT SAYS CHARGES ARE
EXORBITANT.
An Effort Being Made to Put a Stop
to the Purchase of Supplies
by Means of Requisi
tion.
The question of the payment of the
city.- gas bills foi December and January
is still undetermined. Festi rday when
the Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met it was found that two
lof the members of the committee — At
tridpe and Collins— had signed the bills,
but Chairman Perraull refuse.] to do so.
He s ild the attempt recently made bj
the board to authorize the payment ol
the bills without the Mayor's signature
was clearly Illegal, and he would not be
come a party to any effort I • do so. He
also declared that the Gas Inspector had
•■proved the bills, it being und< i -
: hat he made the claim that th< r<
was. more gas charged for than had i>e* n
imed. After some discussion th>- '
bills . red to the < las inspector,
and no final action will be taken until he
has made a n port on tin m.
Irman Perrault said thai the bill '
for furnishing gas to the Broadway Jail
for one month was $333 10. Or this amount
-■ - . onsumed in the
range In use there, and the balance for
thirty-two lights. This he considered ex
orbitant, and should \io made the sub
ject •■: a thorough investigation. Mr.
Perraull also brought up the matter of
the purchase of supplies for the police
patrol and lire alarm telegraph. He point
ed oui that during the month of April
| more than $6000 was expended in this de
partment, the g is being purchased on f
itions made out by Superintendent
Hewitt, in many instances the bills had
been split up so th.it the total of
would fall Just below the $300 mark In or
der to avoid advertising for competitive
lilds. Perrault said he Dei!eved the goods
used by this and all othi r d< partments of
the city government should be purchased
by ci ts to be b
the lowest bidder. At his suggestion v
resolution was adopted requiring the Su
perintendent of the Police Patrol ai d Fir
Alarm Telegraph to advertise for i>ids for
supplies needed by Ins department.
Perrault suggested that a similar res
olution l» passed which would be com
nslve enough to cover all of the sup
plies used by every department ..:' ■,>..
nment. This, he said, would d"
away with the requisition system now In
vogue, and would effeel a saving of thou
of dollars annually. The signing of
these requisitions Is now In the hands of
the chairmen of the various committei
and In the past has been a fruitful Bource
of illicit rev i nue.
Supervisors Collins and Attridge would
not agree to Biis, and the matter was
di opped tor tbi time being-.
OFF ON A TOUR.
Grand President of the Young Men's
Institute to Make Many Official
Visits.
Supreme President Frank .1. fierce of
the Young Men's Institute will leave on
the 2d of May on a tour of official visits
I which will occupy between seven and
eight weeks. On the night of that day he
will visit the council at Grass Valley, and
on the 6th he will be in Denver, Col. He
will then go to Graf ton, Dawson and Rulo
In Nebraska; to Atchlson, Kans.; si'
Louis, Mo.; Memphis, Term.; then' visit
the councils in Tennessee, Kentucky
Southern Indiana. Southrn Ohio West'
i Virginia, Washington, D. C, New York
I Pennsylvania, ana return by way of Ohio
and Indiana, stopping at Chicago. 111.
then on through lowa, to St. Paul Minn
via the Northern Pacific to Victoria B.
C. then through British Columbia, Wash
ington and Oregon.
Wherever there is a council on the line
i of that route he will visit it. and he ex-
I pects to return here by the 20th or 25th
;of June. ' .
i.■ * ■ —
Death of Mrs. H. J. McCoy.
Mrs. Etta J. McCoy, wife of Henry J.
McCoy, gen&ral secretary of the Sun!
Francisco Young Men's Christian Asso
elation, died at her residence. Berkeley,
yesterday morning after an illness of p.-v- !
eraJ months. Mr. and Mrs. JdcO y came
to Ban Francisco from Lowell Mass
eighteen years ago. when Mr. McCoy was
called tv the general secretaryship of the
local association, and their circle of
friends and acquaintances Is very large.
For the past few year.- they have resided
In Berkeley. Mrs. McCoy was much de
voted tv her home and family. She leaves
a daughti r.
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldtf. •
REFUSED TO BE
THE VICTIMS
OF SWINDLERS
Clever Ruse of Confi
dence Operators.
FAILED TO BAG THEIR GAME
TRIED TO IMPOSE ON A HOTEL
CLERK.
They Also Attempted to Rob a
Stranger, but Were Frustrated
at the Point of a
Revolver.
The polico are searching for a well
dressed man who attempted to swindle
the clerk of the LicK House out of $25.
Friday afternoon the scb< mer, who rep
resented that he waa G. K. Stickle of An
gela Camp, and who is temporarily stop
ping at the Lick, telephoned to the clerk.
Informing him that he had purchased a
suit of clothes from the Hub Clothing
Company and Instructing him to pay the
hill and charge the same to him immedi
atelj on the arrival of the clothes. He
also announced that he would send the
clothes to th« hotel by a messenger-boy,
A short time afterward a messenger-boy
visited the hotel and handed the clerk
a package bearing the stamp of the Hub
claiming that be had been instructed to
collect that amount before he parted
with the packagi , Suspecting something
wrong the clerk opened the package and
found that it contained an old quilt. The I
boy, when questioned, said that he had j
been given the package to deliver by a
man who lived in a lodging-house at U
Third str< t.
Realizing that the boy was innocent of
any connection with the attempted swin
dle, the clerk summoned Policeman Ross,
who accompanied the messenger to the
room occupied by the stranger. Evidently
aware of the approach of the officer, the
would-be swindler packed his grip and
made hia escape. Hi is described by the
messenger-boy as being about 35 years of
age, 5 reel 6 inches In height, and had a
small blonde mustache. He wore a
gray overcoat and a dark derby hat.
The police think he is the same man
who some time ajin victimized several
south-of-Market-streel business men in a
similar manner.
James W'ilkins. a recent arrival from
n, Ariz., yesterday visited police
headquarters and Informed Captain Bohen !
of how three bunko men had attempted
to rob him In a rooming-house on Post
street, between Grant avenue and Stock
ton street.
"They <iid not gel me this time," he
laughingly remarked. "1 was onto their
game and came out $"''i winner."
Wilkins' story was that lie was walking
along Grani avenue, when he was accost
ed by a well-dressed young man. who en
gaged him in conversation. The stranger
asked him to accompany him to the house
on Post street, where he claimed several <
friends wire uniting for him.
•'After reaching the house," remarked
Wilkins. "I wa.s taken to a room where
men were engaged in playing three
card moote. At their earnest solicitation
1 took a hand in the game, and In a short
time had won $60. Knowing that they had
allowed me to \^i" that amount so as to
encourage me; l jumped tb< game and
,i to leave the room. • »ne of the
gang attempted to stop me, and as I 1
■ red ' hat they would not hesitai
knock me down and rob me I drew my
revolver and threatened to shoot the first
man who attempted to stop me. They
made no further resistant- ami I quickly
left the house."
Wilkina gave- a good description of the
men to the police, and every effort is
being made to apprehend them.
RHODES DISMISSED.
Chief Weigher of the Custom-House
Loses His Job.
chief Weigrher Arthur I. Rhodes was
dismissed from the customs service yes
terday. The orfler came from th.> Secre
ti rv of the Treasury and is the result of
an "investigation made by Special Agents
I inck and Pow,< rs n i rtain accu
■ ms of dfUnkenn ss, negleci of duty
and other charges maJi againsi Rhodes
somi two months ago. Similar charges
were also brought against Thomas Shar
ki v an assistant weigh* r, but the depart
m. Nt has not as yet a< Led In the i ■
• the subordinate. The position pays a sal
| ary of Jl*"" a year and is somewhat of a
■
Rhodes has been chief weigher for six
I years having receive,! his appointment
' from Collector John M. Wise in 1893. The
position is under civil service and a spe
cial examination will be held from which
[a selection will be made from the list
of ellgibles to succeed the deposed offi
cial.
Rhodes was given in opportunity to re
ply to the written charges made against
: him as provided by Ini order promul
fgi ted by th< President, but that he failed
to refute them is evident from the decis
ion of the Secretary <" tll|J Treasury In
his dismissal. Rhodes made an excellent
officer for a while. i>ut his fondness for
Uquor has provi d his undoing:.
" Church Entertainment.
The Richmond Methodist Club save an
elaborate supper to the managers of the
city Church Extension Society on Thurs
day evening, and Richmond Hall was well
filled with citizens of the popular district
C B. Perkins presided. Rev. W. W. Case,
[i r_> #) called for subscriptions for a new
church building, and in a few minutes
secured $900. The church is only two
years old and is growing rapidly.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Petitions in Insolvency were filed In the
United States Dletslci Couri yesterday
us follows: T. B. Kivix. Oakland, liabili
ties $5836, assets $4550; Howard E. Perrln,
San Francisco, liabilities $23,285, assets
nominal; N. H. Knight & Co., commission
brokers, liabilities $33,013; the individual
debts of the members of the firm are
$17,868 in addition.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRIP
Dp. Humphreys' Sp:cifics
and
Life Insurance.
A prominent New Yorker, desirous
of insuring his life, was refused on ac-
count of what the insurance examiner
called "Nervous Dyspepsia" and Weak
Heart, doubtless the reflex nervous ac-
tion from the stomach, causing palpi-
tation of the heart.
After using a dollar flask of Specific
No. 10 for Dyspepsia, this gentleman
again made application to the same
company and secured B policy for
$10,000.
There are still more frequent cases
where the applicant for Life Insur-
ance is refused on account of some
Blight Kidney trouble, which, after a
few weeks use of Specific No. 27 or 30,
entirely disappears. .
For other Specifics consult Dr. Hum-
phreys' Manual; at drugstores, or
sent free.
At druggists or sent prepatd: 25c and $1.
Humphreys' Med. Co., Cor. William & John
Sts.. New York.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
111, J^r,
Do You Have Rheumatism
Are You Sleepless, Nervous, All Run Down ?
Kidney Trouble Makes You Miserable.
SWAMP-ROOT Is the Great Remedy for Kidney,
Bladder and Uric Acid Troubles. To Prove for
Yourself Its Wonderful Merits, You May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent FREE by Mail.
You are in no danger of being sick if
you keep your kidneys well.
They filter your blood and keep it
pure and free from disease-breeding
germs.
Your other organs may need care, but
your kidneys most, because they d<
most.
If you are sick, begin with your kid-
ih vs. because as soon as they are well
they will help all the other organs to
health.
The treatment of some diseases n.-v
be delayed without danger, not so with
kidney disease.
Swamp-Root is the great medical tri-
umph of the nineteenth century: dis-
covered after years of untiring effori
and research by the eminent kidney
and bladder specialist. Dr. Kilmer, and
has truly wonderful healing action on
the kidneys and bladder.
It will be found by both men and
women just what is needed in all c;is.-s
of kidney and bladder disorders, lame
back, dull pain or ache in the back.
gravel, catarrh of the bladder, rheu-
matism, sciatica, neuralgia, uric a<i<l
troubles and Bright's disease, which is
the worst form of neglected kidnej
trouble.
If your water, when allowed to re
main undisturbed in a glass or bottle
for twenty-four hours, forms a sedi-
HARES ARE RUNNING
IN BETTER FORM NOW
THE RUN DOWN OF THE RE-
SERVED STAKE.
Sports Who Played the Favorites
Yesterday Retired With Pock' ts
Colored Brown.
The hares a 1 Union Park have showed
an improvement in their running, and
doubtless after a few weeka of warm
weather they will "be up and doing."
The coursing yesterday was delightful
to the talent, as Jhe long shots, witl
exceptions, carried the day. The reason
assigned for the success achieved by the
talent, or in other words "those who keep
tabs "ii the dogs/ 1 was owing to the fact
that the good dogs wer< drawn against
inferior performers. To make connec
tions in the betting the wise men had to
lay $4 and $6 to bag $1. The exceptions
were the Pear Not and Belle Seward
course, a 4 to 5 shot, where the talent
foil, also the courses between Los Palmas
and Forgive, 3 to 5; Master Mai and
Dauntless, l to 2; Commodore and Doug
las, 3 to ■">; White Tip and Clara B
6; White Chief and Silver Wings. 2% to 1:
Vanity Fair and Pastime. 3% to 1, and
Terrona and Revolver, 2 to l.
The courses between Rollicking Airs
dnd '••Swedish, Campania and Cavalier,
Gallagher and Hurricane and Ma Ige
Wildfire and Hayseed were the longest
and hardest of the day, the hares esi ap
ing in most instances.
There was ••something doing previous
to the course between Magneto and Mag
nesia, which brace of dogs belong to t!
same kennel, although named by differ
ent owners, and Counselor Halton
touched the little electric button which
signified that no betting should result
on the race. Magnesia won. but doubt
less Magneto would have been the favor
ite. The dogs are brother and sister, by
Magnet -Sunny side Maid.
Royal Prize and Free Silver ran a "no
course," Free Stiver running unsighted.
Royal Prize won in the second course.
Clifton Lass, a speedy little bitch, g
very heavy fall in making an attempt to
kill, and it was some little time befort she
goi on even footing with her opponent,
Hick?. The Lass, however, sewed fast
in the early part of the race and also
scored towaid the finish of a long c ■
Her chances are not good on Monday, al
though a day's rest may bring hr iround
to her old form. Ed Evans' Hurricane,
who was a strung favorite over Galla
gher, showed considerable speed, but ow
ing to a dislike on his part to i~ r " in and
kill when the opportunity permits it Is
doubtful If Hurricane will ever amount to
much as a breadwinner. He will d<
less meet with defeat in his first course
on Monday. The champion lurcher oi the
kennels is unquestionably the > ■ I < 1 black
dog T'rrona. He would rather wait his
chance to score a kill than "sit dowi
the best porterhouse steak fresh from
Butchertown. Revolver ran rings around
old cunning yesterday, and those who
played Terrona to win are now looking
for' the icemt.n. White Chief Is a good
old dog to the bare, but after the first
tU«n he generally brings up at the tail
end. Silver Wings, a third-rater that is
fast imptoving. beat him easily. '!"!,
winners and losers of yesterday's meet
ing are as follows;
Reserve stake. 128 entries; result of run
down: Quickstitch beat Dolly Varden,
ment or settling or has a cloudy ap-
pearance, it is evidence that your kid-
neys and bladder need immediate at-
tention.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root corrects
inability to hold water and promptly
overcomes that unpleasant necessity of
;en durinsr the
day and to get up many times during
th': night.
This prompt, mild and wonderful
remedy is easy to get at the drugstores,
in fifty-cent or one-dollar bottles.
Make a note of the nam», SWAMP-
ROOT, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Boot, and
mber that it is prepared only by
I Dr. Kilmer it Co., Binghamton, N. V.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work, in pri-
vate practice, among the helpless, too
liour to purchase relief, and has proved
iccessful that a special arrange-
ment has been made by which all read-
ers of The Call who have not already
tried it. may have a sample bottle sent
absolutely free by mail. Also a book
telling more about Swamp-Root and
containing some of the thousands up"n
thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from men and worn» n who owe
their good health, in fact their very
lives, to the wonderful curative prop-
erties of Swamp-Root. Be sure and
mention the San Francisco Sunday Call
when sending your address to Dr. Kil-
mei & Co., Binghamton, N. V.
Belle Seward beat Fear Not, Eclipse beat
s. norita, Fireball beat Bonnie Scotland,
■ k Hoy beat Wheel of Fortune, Las
Palmas beat Forgive, Olympus beat Fire
man, Conqueror beat Miss Skyrocket, La
dj Claire beat Fleeting Fancy. The ]>"vil
Bounding Belle, ' dauntless
t. •; Mat, High Born Lady beat Ski. i
beat Wild Lassie. Winning Ways beat
Van Knapp. Douglas beat commodore.
Hummer beat Lady Norborne, One Spot
beat Woodbyne, Wayfarer beat Rim
Amuck Black Chief t) at October P
. ciara H beat White Tip, Santiago
b ,i s Mystic Maid beat Rich
mond Queen, Trinket beat Flying Faster,
Glen Roy beat Christmas Day, Spindle
beat Martyr, Santa Ana beat Lissak, Rol
licking Airs beat Swedish, Cavaliei
Campania, Pretender beat Van. Mission.
Tip beat Sir John Arnot. Royal Prize beat
Siher. High Flyer beat Loraine,
• beat Liddle, Myrtle beat Miss Rab
bit, Soubrette beat Santa fnea, McKin
ley beat Dempsej Lass, Masmesia
Magneto Clifton Lass beat Hicks, Mm
Ms beat Nellie, Lattle Jtfker beat r.: r
of Fashion, St. Elmo beat Gold Hill, < M
Glor; beat Sharkey, Lady Emma beat
Expense, Hol Haste beat Kerry Gow.
Kid McCoy beat Minerva, Black Bess
beat Miss Grizzle, Sportsman beat White
VVedge, Maid of Erin beat Winning Las
aii Sweet Lips beat Morse Patrol. Tod
Sloan beat Rustan, Ben Bolt beat Fnrget
Me Not, Hurricane beat Gallagher. Silver
Wings beat White Chief, Battleship beat
Lady Gilmore, Candelaria beal Rod of
Vsh Pastime beat Vanity Fair. Madge
wildtire beat Hayseed, Onwawl beat Rock
[stand King, Eleven sspol beat Flying
Buck. Silver Lyon beat Swlnnerton, Mira
Monte beat War Cloud, Mayflow*
Right Bower, Hercules boat Black Patti,
Revolver beat Terrona.
The Reserve stake, which includes for
ty-four entries will be finished to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Like a
Picture
Is a shirt and collar which are done up
at our laundry. Rough edges made
j smooth without injury to the garment,
| and perfect cleanliness in every detail.
In one bundle we'll carry conviction to
you.
; The United States Laundry, Office
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420-
910
GENERAL OTIS
IS HOME FROM
THE PHILIPPINES
Transports Grant and
Sherman Here.
CAPTAIN KELLEHER RETURNS
REMARKABLE STORY OF AN
ARMY OFFICER'S ACTIONS.
Second Lieutenant Conger Assumes
Command of the Steamer Grant
and Rules All on Board
With an Iron Hand.
The United States transports Grant and |
Bherman steamed into the harbor yester
day afternoon from Manila by way of
Nagasaki. Both bring soldiers and sol
diers' wives direct from the scene of
American operations in the Orient. Among
the notables on the Sherman are Briga
dier General Harrison Gray Otis of Los
Angeles and Major W. O. Owen, who was ,
in chaise of the general hospital here.
While in Manila ho was in command of
the big convalescent hospital on Corre
gidor Island. There are scions of three
well-known New York families on board
in the persons of sons of Senator Hale,
Secretary of State Hay and Congressman
Dalsell. '
The steamers lay off Powell-street wharf
during the afternoon. Just before dusk
they were ordered into quarantine by Dr.
Brook the Federal Health Officer. They
were taken at once to the station off An
gel Island, where they will remain until
all danger of Infection is past. The trans- ■
ports were quarantined because of small
pox developing during the voyage. John
Kay a fireman on the Grant, died on the
23d ins tJ and was buried at sea. The body
was thrown without ceremony through
the ash chute of the steamer while she
was going at full speed. This action was
taken, it is affirmed; by Second Lieuten
ant Conger, V. S. A., without the knowl
edge of the ship's officers, who were pre
paring to give the body decent sepulture.
\ case of variolold or smallpox also de
veloped on board the Sherman, hence her
detention in quarantine. ,*„„„.
The nrst-class passengers on the Grant
•"SYs: Car! Helton. Miss Charlotte
Rp'chman fchilJ); ■!:-■. E. H. fcrowne.
Han Browne fchlM); Mrs. Dr. Ashluirn
and infant, Charles \V. Mason, John San
ford cjov). Major Potter, Fourteenth
United States Infantry; Captain C. i.
Mu'tgeti First North Dakota Regiment;
Captain ' Alfred j KelJener. adjutant
First California Regiment; Lieutenant
Bowles U. S. A.; Lieutenant Johnson.
First Tennessee Regiment; Lieutenant
Conger V. S. A.; Lieutenant Redmond,
First North Dakota; Lieutenant Hender
son, First Nebraska: Adolph Richter; .
Lieutenant W. H. Spiller. ship's surgeon;
Mrs Jesse M. Baker, Pennsylvania; Wil
liam" Sears C. M. Pratt; Captain 1.. W.
Hodges, I". S. N., formerly of the Boston,
who has been in charge of the navy yard
at Cavite.
In addition to General Otis," there are
on the Grant Lieutenant Estes and wife.
Captain Eastman and 113 soldier of
Whom thirty-eight are 111, besides fifty
four of the Indiana's crew. Private H.
Ritchie of the Third United States Artil
lery lied April 21 of consumption and was
buried at sea. The remains of Private
Prybles of the Astor Battery are lying in
state on board, bensg en route to New
York City. Representatives of the As
tors sent a magnificent casket to Manila,
In which the remains could be brought
home lor interment.
From passengers on the Grant came
Ftories of the remarkable conduct of Sec
ond Lieutenant Conger during the voyage
home. It ill developed through his inter- ,
pretation of departmental regulations. !
The lieutenant has been in the service a
shnrt time, and lately was attached to the
Eighteenth Infantry, regulars. The Grant
left Manila March 25 in command of Cap
tain Arey, ami with Captain Baker quar
termaster. When they were eight days at
sea Second Lieutenant Conger, V. S. A..
announced himself commanding officer of
the ship. He sent orders in writing to
Captain Arey. On the 3d hist, the lieuten
ant called a meeting of the" men and noti
fied them that he assumed command and
was the superior officer of the ship. He
ordered the men to do guard^duty and
then placed those on board under military
rule.
It is claimed the stripling lieutenant was
ordered to report for instructions in this
city. This means he will be allowed full
pay during the voyage and mileage at
the rate of 4 cents each for 8000 milts.
When the Grant stopped at Nagasaki
for coal Lieutenant Conger said every one
on board must procure a pass signed by
him before he could leave the ship. The
order was not obeyed, although some
passes were issued signed by Conger's
name, made by a red rubber stamp. The
next step was to arrange the seats in the
dining saloon, each officer according to his
rank. All civilians were excluded from
the officers' table.
He blew hot and cold regarding the
men of the Indiana's crew, first Baying
he feared an outbreak from them and
later saying if anything happened In the
Ehip he would, call upon them for assist
ance. He issued an order that the en
listed men who had paid for first class
passage could not use the baths or other
accommodations. This order was later
rescinded when the men made a stand
against it.
There were twelve monkeys and a fight-
Ing cock on board. He ordered the sen
tries to capture them and throw them
overboard. This was done, after loud
protestation from the officers' wives on
board. The strongest monkey of the lot
caught the log line and drew himself
aboard again. When near the rail he was
again thrown overboard and was drowned
with his companions. The fighting cock
belonged to one of the men, who tried to
gave him. but could not do so.
The Grant is the largest vessel that
ever entered the Golden Gate, and Is the
' finest transport afloat. She was originally
■ the steamer Mohawk of the Atlantic
Transport Line, and was used far carry-
Ing cattle. She was purchased, with six
sister ships of which the Sherman is one,
and was fitted up at an expense of over
1150.000. She is 'built of steel, with double
steel bottom; four continuous decks, one
smokestack and four masts, and cost
originally $1,250,000. She is provided with
twin screws, three double-ended Scotch
boilers and triple- expansion engines of
48-1 nch stroke, capable of driving her at
14 knots an hour. She is 455 feet long, 40
feet beam, 40 feet depth from upper deck,
with a gross tonnage of 5750 and a load
displacement of 12,000 tons. She weighs
about 50,000 tons.
Kindergarten Entertainment.
A pleasant afternoon was pjK-nt by forty
mothers and some little onea at the
mothers' meeting: held at the kindergarten
on the corne-r of Polk and Paciii<- streets
on Friday, afternoon. This free kindergar
ten haß only been recently opened and has
fifty children attending. Both principal
Maude Lee Abbott and Assistant Sophy
Raymond Are enthusiastic over kinder
garten work and have spared no timt or
labor in th<- cause. Mrs. Abbott's idea in
holding mothers' meetings is to bring the
parents to the kindergarten that they
may learn more of child lift.
H. Murphy. 630 Market street, lends money
on second mortgages and estates. •
Odd Fellows to Dance.
An entertainment and dance will be
given In <>>i>l Fellows' Assembly Hall on
The night of Friday next, under thf aus
plceß of Di:-tri< t No. ]03, composed of
Parker Lodge No. 124, Morse Xo. 267
Western Addition No. 2>>r> and Presidio
Ko. 334, and of which A. H. Noweil Is the
district dpputy grand master. There will
be a choice programme of music and lit
erature-, and invitations may be had from
any member of the lodges named.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
« without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SLAUGHTER OF THE INNOCENTS.
Under Orders From the Young "Commander" Twelve Monkeys and a
Game Cock Were Cast Into the Sea.
THE NATIONAL GUARD.
Still "Waiting for the Announcement
of the New General Officers.
The time is not far distant when those
members of the National Guard who
served in the volunteer army of the
U»ited States will be barred from re
' turning to the service of the State with
out examination, under the provisions of
the Chynoweth bill. If they do not soon
return to their former commands anil
; the muster-rolls are not sent in to the
I proper officers, they will have to take
| their chances of getting in. as there are
fourteen petitions on lile from various
parts of the State signed by individuals
who are anxious to wear National Guard
uniforms. As yet bm one muster roll has
been received, and that is from the Sixth
Regiment of Infantry. Several others are
in every particular except as to cer
tain'information of a statistical nature
that is demanded by the division com
mander.
The appointment of adjutant general,
assistant adjutant general and of major
general, as well as brigadier generals,
which were promised for about the
first of May. are anxiously looked for.
; The commander-in-chief will be in Sac
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
66 X had eighty-one hemorrhages, sometimes spitting five pints of blood at one time." That's Kffaß?Ja>|*«<fiJ^
JL^^-— ~~^ the statement made by Cornelius McCawley, Leechburg, Armstrong T pH^aii^^H HPl 9m
-^v---^ q o^ p cn n. He continues : "My doctor did all he could for me, but K|^^^^^^^M^f|i|^fi
could not stop the hemorrhages, and all gave me up to die of consumption." K^^^^^^^^S^^^
Mr. McCawley didn't die. He's well and working. He found means to stop the hemor- wfe&S&r /^^TV^^^ffl
rhages. He read an advertisement like this one. It had a testimonial in it from Mr. C. H. WkXHt -i-_ *C^ wrv^J-^^
Harris, who'd been cured of a similar ailment by the use Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov- \Ws W^'\^*tJ(j^^ rail!
cry. He wrote to Mr. Harris — to quote his own language : "I sat down and wrote to him PjSF '_i_? - fjjrj • /To^9
i "I got a letter from Mr. Harris, saying: ' Dr. Pierces Ml ~^7}\)^l l l[ k) I §M
What Mr. Harris Said Golden Medical Discovery saved my life' and advising me { fm^C £^dT~^~ /ML
0$«? '■-■■■■:.. r-^^^^J'i, LOGS! Doctor Said 'Golden Medical '
said, 'You might as well take water." " I^WCT^P^y""^! - > - : - : ' : ■
vb^'"' ** "* * ■$$a^*/ Svirm iiI?QwSW/6y Said way, so I wrote \o(\ L-
ig&lj£&£3EßKbm3 L— ———,——^i^-^-J rhages. I wrote to fcßl^^S^^^P^S?^A7Kr?Bi
v/w /^^^^^^^^^^^.^ " That was over two years ago, and I have WM |I_>WV^s l *fe 9
1/ C-"^ not had any bleeding since. I can truly say your || «^^\ VVVv \L i
'<& / '[ --^/ '* medicine cured me. lam a walking, living ad- W j\^ \ *
r,. v. fihii^oe], m:. d. vertisement for your grand medicine." Wh>**^ /^vJ\ \ ■r^ps^ . m
m Tesilmonlai of c. B. Harris, Esq., 1622 Seceod Aveiwe, Rock island, ins., I© whom Mr. McCawleg wrote l^^^r 11 r dim
"Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery saved my life and has made me a man ;my home-physician ■ 1/ f^jdM
says lam good for forty years yet. My case was a case just between life and death, and all of my friends [gjj|j|ps^'i>» '^rigjl-
were sure it v?as a case of death, until I commenced taking a second bottle of ' Golden Medical Discovery, ' MramPilpiil
when I was able to sit up and the cough was very much better, and bleeding from my lungs stopped, and FfcVAMafflKSyfmTaS
before I had taken six bottles of the 'Golden Medical Discovery' my cough ceased and I was a new man i|i||Nlp|^
and ready for business. 'Golden Medical Discovery' saved my life when doctors arid all kinds of mcdi- Bffi . : . jffiflgpjfflKuHqyjgfr
ciues failed to do me any good." KfljajfcgßiP^ •v^x^T^Hßra
Not a word of comment is needed to strengthen the above facts. They are facts. IgSSr jpW
They're strong enough. If they are not, they are supported by the testimonials of thousands lfisff H
who have been cured by " Golden Medical Discovery." WM -^(r\,r</#^- /^® ? Jr Wt
You can consult Or. Pierce by letter FREE OF CHARGE. All correspondence ||| %C^£^/ In I
confidential. Write to-day and get a Specialist's opinion jpl -^Jfj\. Mil M
on your case without fee or cost. Address W^&t^^^^\m M*
Dr. R. V. PIERCE, BUFFALO, N. Y. f& p^^^^"^^-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APBIL 30, 1899.
ramento to-morrow, and It is just possi
ble that he may announce them then, or
on the following day.
Captain L. H. Turner, commanding the
Naval Militia, who Is absent from the
I State on leave and is at present In Gobo,
Or., has applied for an extension of thirty
days' leave.
Lieutenant James Mitchell has been de
i tailed to preside at a summary court -
j martial to try Edward P. ingim and F.
D. Donegan, of Troop D, at Los Angeles
, on the 12th of May.
\V. E. Chase, Anson H. Potts, Charles
Sparter and A. C. Tofts have been dis
charged from Troop D and from the ser
vice of the State.
Major F. L. Atkinson has been detailed
:to make physical examination of the
men for Troop B. Third Brigade.
Corpora] C. Parker. J. Block and G. W.
Liethwaite have been discharged from
the Fifth Infantry and the service of the
State.
Privates C. T. Smith and A. Willard
have been promoted corporals of Com
pany A. Fifth Infantry.
An election has been ordered for first
lieutenant in Troop T>. Nt T.os Angeles,
, vice W. F. Nordholdt. resigned.
The goldfish is a great coward, and a
tiny fish with the courage to attack it
can frighten it almost to death.
CHOSEN FRIENDS' DEPUTIES.
Selection by Grand Councilor Savage
of Those Who Are to Assist
Him.
W. H. Savage of San Pedro, recently
elected grand councilor of the Order of
Chosen Friends in California, has ap-
I pointed the following- named as deputies
I to assist him in carrying on the work
1 during the current year:
Fred A. Taylor, for Councils 10. 40. 52 and
; 60; James Jordan, for 2, 4, 7, 47; Otis B.
i King, for 14, 103, 190; Alexander Nichol
! son, for S, 13. 16; Marie Shafer. fur 66
| ISO; B. F. Frishle, for 1. ", 25, 126; Wil
! Ham M. Finch, for 162; Joseph Schulte Jr.,
for 126; F. J. Leonard, for 120 121 124-
George Kelly, for 62, 63; Mrs. Ida Morton'
for 4S, 181; Mrs. A. C. Smith, for 30 33*
35; A. M. Reynolds, for 110, 138; George i«"
Mack, for 78, 80, 109; C. E. Fournier for
81; S. Bloom, for 5 and R2; Dr. J C.
i Fraser. for 199; Henry Kearny, for S8 90
107: Mrs. S. J. McFadden. 'for 94; j'
1 Lucas, for 6; Alexander Schilling, for
; 131; Mrs. E. L. Coy. 19. 21, 27; S. B
j Coates, for 53, 183; R. B. Phillips, for '.;•
; Mrs. M. C. Dean, for 72, 192; J. S. Tutt'
for 142. 150: F. W. Day, for 65, 96; F. m'
Lytle, for 71; Mrs. C. A. Furgeson, for
132; J. T. Harris, for 9; Mrs. Minnie
Steltf-r, for 17. . ,_
Mrs. Caroline N. "Widemeyer for 18,
Mrs: O. A. Hodgkinson for 22, E. H. Sco-
Jield for 23, Julius Levy for 31, S. W.
Purdy for 32. B. T. Singer for 37. C. P.
Lewis for 30, Mrs. V. P. Allen for 43, John
F. O'Rourke for 44, A. O. Carpenter for
45. Tillie Nathan for 54. George H. Knight
for 59, Eva Jolly for 64, J. Fulton for 68,
A. E. Perry for 69. Jacob Kuenzly for 70,
Mrs. Mary E. Burnham for 73, Mrs.
Emma E. Le Boeuf for 74, Thomas Straub
for 75, Mrs. E. J. Hill for 76, \V. P. Ward
for 99 and 102. Harriet Carr for 115. J. M.
Walling for IIS, James K. Packwood for
123, L. P. Foust for 134, Mrs. ('. C. Vail for
140. I. N. Shaw for 136, Miss Belle Neibur
for 146, D. Hansen for 171. D. H. Behrens
for 177. W. Movie for 187, Mrs. A. M. Niedt
for 188. Mrs. Emma L. Stewart for IS9,
Mrs. M. M. Heading for 191. E. W. Smolley
for 166. John McGrath for No. 1 of Ne
vada. Mrs. Annie Wills for No. 2 of Ne
vada. Jacob Muller for No. 6 of Nevada.
R. Frank Clark for Council No. 21)2. and
Mrs. Emma Clark for 155. 179 and 201.
These deputies are to visit their coun
cils at least once in three months and
render a report on their condition at the
end of each Quarter.
ROYAL WELCOME FOR
CALIFORNIA'S SOLDIERS
EIGHT THOUSAND BENEFIT
TICKETS SOLD.
Reception Committee Appointed to
Arrange a Heartfelt Welcome
for the Brave Boys From
Manila.
The joint committee of the Native Sons
and Native Daughters of California, to
which has been delegated the making of
arrangements for the reception of the
California volunteers on their return from
the Philippines, met in Native Sons'
building on Mason street la.st night for
the purpose of healing reports of tht sub
committees and discussing plans.
The committee on entertainment report
ed that everything was progressing in a
satisfactory manner and the prospects are
that the entertainment to be given in
Mechanics' Pavilion on May 10 to raise
funds for the reception of the soldier
boys, and with which to purchase the
medals for the veterans, will be a gnat
success financially and artistically. The
Olympic Club will give one of its best
athletic exhibitions, the Knickerbocker
quartet will sing, the naval battalion will
give an exhibition drill: there will be star
vaudeville performers from the Orpheum,
and drills by squads of boys, which will
be nm thf least interesting features of the
programme.
The foregoing is only a partial list of
iiu- attractions to be presented before the
floor is cleared for dancing.
Miss Mayer, the treasurer of the com
mittee, reported that she had disposed of
8000 tickets, all of which may be regarded
as sold, as they have been delivered to
tin- various parlors which have guar
anteed t<> dispose of them. The following
Bub-committees to formulate a plan for the
reception to the volunteers was appointed
by Chairman 1\ H. Mills:
L. F. Byington (chairman I. .1. \V. Lewis
.1 M. Carroll, 1.. B. Mayer, L. C Pisto
lesi, I- H. Kohn, H. I. Linkenday, Dr.
Herrington and A. L. Morganstern.
A vote of thanks was extended to L. C.
Pistoles! for his efforts before the Grand
Parlor which resulted in the rt-.ncrnition
and indorsement by that body of the
movement to welcome home the volun
teers and decorate them with medals.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
I Dancing Hall in Lake County, tog ether with
; complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses
! and Ponies. .„_,.,,.
i OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician In attendance; superb climate:
; beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer ana
small game plentiful; magnificent drives,
! baths In variety: lawn tennis and croquet.
' Reached by the shortest stage route Into Lake
i County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
I via Hopland. $8; via Callstoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per , week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
S. P. R. R. to Callstoga. • For illustrated pam-
i phlet or further information address J. OKaju,
Highland Springs. Lake County. CaL, or see
L D CRAIG. 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and AHRENS," PE & IN a & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post St.. San Francisco.
Take Advantage
Of the Round-Trip
Tickets to
Hotel del Coronado.
Now only $G0 by steamer, including 15
days* board at hotel; it longer, $2 50 a
day.
Apply 4 New Montgomery St., San Francisco.
VICHY SPRINGS,
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH, MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
first-class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
Those who were at Aitna
Springs last year will be
this year : will you
Two trains daily— a. m.. 4 p. m. Round
trip $7. includes private carriage to Springs. W.
L. MITCHELL. Aetna Springs. Napa Co.. Cal.
HOTEL CAPiTOLA, By the Sea,
CAPITOL Cat CHANGE OF MANAGE-
MENT- FRANK M. SMITH, formerly of
the Occidental Hotel, San Francisco. Cal.. and
{he Hotel Metropole, Catallna Island, will as-
sume the management of Hotel Capitola this
season. The hotel will be conducted strictly
first-class. The cuisine and service will be per-
fect. Prices reasonable. For terms and infor-
mation address FRANK M. SMITH, Hotel
Capltola. Capitola. Cal.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations in Hotel; also in new cottages. Just
completed.
Wires. f\. T. MOORE,
BELVEDERE.
LAKE COUNTY.
NEW 19-PASSENGER xOSEMITE STAGES,
all outside seats, direct to the most pictur-
esque portion of California. Best equipped stage
line in the State. Leaves Callstoga dally (Sun-
days excepted) at 11:30 a. m.. direct to Harbin,
Seigler Adams. Howard Anderson, Astorgs
and Glenbrook: half an hour for lunch at Calls-
toga: alse to Mlddletown. Lower 1 ke. Kelsey-
vllle and Lakeport. . W - SPIERS. Prop.
the i;nvi DETUEAT Situated five miles
THE KOYA KtlKtAl from Gllroy.
Mineral water; fine hunting; finest climate
In California; magnificent location; plenty of '
eggs, milk and fruit; summer boarders ac- ;
commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
and home comforts: good board with all the
delicacies of the season. For terms, address
MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY. P. O. box 87,
Q'.lroy. ' ' .-
% p /r c - TOCALOMA. M c*g. i
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo- i
dations: reasonable rates; fishing; beautiful j
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor, 58 Third St., San Francisco.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
from Callstoga direct to springs: round trip at
Southern Pacific offices, $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER. Adam Spring.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In and I
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San i
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN - A QUIET,
homelike manner, v-ith one of the best
tables in the county: $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip, $9 60. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah ; thence by
stage. Address J. WILfON. Bertha. Lake
County, Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths; furnished cottages.
Terms. $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HOWELL, Hopland. Cal.
HOITPS,
MENLO PARK, SAN MATEO CO. ONE/
hour from San Francisco. Ten dally trains
each way. Open to guests during June and
July. Address IRA G. HOITT.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment; none better
in Lake Co. ; gas indoors and out.
H. WAMBOLD.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R., the place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address H. G. MAR-
TIN, Camp Taylor, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck, Slsklyou County. Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder, 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms. ?G to $10 per !
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT, Oakville, Napa County, Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
$7. E. M. SHELFORD. Cloverdale, Cal.
Free carriage.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRING?.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub '
baths. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week, $2 per day. Address Aqua Cali-
ente Springs, Aqua Caliente, Sonoma Co., Cal.
RAMU L SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris, Prop., Napa County, Cal. Sure
cure for dyspepsia, indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation: hot mineral baths. These
springs are located in Napa County, 20 miles
east of St Helena. The water Is bottled at
the springs and contains its own natural gas.
Etage leaves St. Helena.
PASOROBLES springs.
San Luis Obispo County.
HOTEL AND GROUNDS THOROUGHLY
renovated and improved.
. Otto E. Never,
y Proprietor-
Finest and most comfortable health ar.i
pleasure resort on the Pacific Coast.
Hot Mud and Sulphur Baths. Iron and Sod*
I Springs.
Largest Sulphur Swimming Tank in th«
j State.
Sure cure for Rheumatism and Gout, Dis-
eases of the Skin, Bladder and Kidneys.
Resident Physician— Advice Free.
Paid Orchestra. NO STAGING.
Correspondence solicited.
City office, 636 Market st., op?. Palace Hotel.
SKAGGS'HOTSPmNGS
Sonoma County; only 4^ hours from San
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging; water*
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath,
In State; swimming and boating: grand moun-
tain scenery: good trout streams at door; pho-
i tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND)
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
!$5 50 Take Tiburou ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:39
p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly Increasing — last year un-
precedented. J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
Ths Place forr.TJpTT ADR l n TT t £ ce o ro , OtT"0 t T"
HEALTH SPRINGS.-;?^
Plain. Quiet Retreat; Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad.
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
OPENS MAY Ist.
ROWARDENNAN,
Santa Cruz Mountains of- San Lorenzo River,
34 hours from S. F. : 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electricity: ten-
nis, bowling, boating, bathing, fishing and golf
links; elegant hall and dining room; club, bil-
liard and smoking rooms; new hard-finished
and elegantly furnished: telephone. OPENS
i MAY 1: round trip, J3. Address W. E. VEA-
i 7AK. Lessee. South Ben Lomond.
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
'""•■- LAKE COUNTY.
The. Best In the World.
HOTEL, COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
round Sulphur. Iron. Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of baths WONDERFUL CURES
of. Rheumatism. Catarrh, Dyspepsia. Paraly-
sis. Skin Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
Terms. $10 to $18 per week. Dally stage from
Calistoga. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASB
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming:
long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
ets, $2 60; hotel open the year round. Send for
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Cal.
GLEIN\A/OOD HOTEL.
AMONG THE REDWOODS, SANTA CRUZ
M't'ns; 5 minutes' walk from depot; milk,
poultry, fruit, iron springs; gas throughout;
telephone and telegraph. Round trip. $2 50; $S to
$10 per week. Free carriage to and from trains.
Write WILLIAM MARTIN. Glenwood, Cal.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
Beautiful secnery and drives: unexcelled
hunting; best trout fishing In California; excel-
lent table, $7 50 per week; fine rigs for accom-
modation of guests; daily mails. Get full par-
ticulars from A. H. YORDI, 809 Call build-
ing, San Francisco.
PARK HOUSE and cottages at Ben Lomond"
10 miles from Santa Cruz, with unsurpassed
climate, presents the best to be had as a
summer resort: best drives in the State;
special rates to families: charges very mod-
erate. T. H. PETERSON. Ben Lomond, Cal.
EDGEMONT— Delightful boarding place In
Santa Cruz Mountains; fine accommodations;
lively neighborhood: dally mall: long distance,
phone. Patchin P. 0., Santa Clara Co., Cal.
000000000000000000
S*s- PALACE '!•■?%
%CRAND hotels g
o BAH FRANCISCO. "
** Connected by a covered passageway. "
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. <*
O All Under One Management. O
0 MOTE THE FBI CBS: O
0 European Plan. Sl. per day and upward Q
0 American Plan. $3. 00 per dayjuid upward M
Correspondence Solicited. O
0 JOHN 0. KIBKPATRJGK. lui(w. O
000000000000000000
DR.MCNULTY.
riMIIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i. SpecialistcuriM Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o< Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable Hours 9
to3daliy:ti..'»to,S::so ev'gs.Sund.-vTs, 10 to Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreu
P. ROSCOE McXUI/TY. M.D.
g6Vj Kearny »t.. San Francisco. Cal.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specifics tonla
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th*
kidneys and bladder. A rreat Restorative.
lnvigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merita; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
r-v NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
122 Market street, a F.— (Send for Circular.)
KHSDJ. HALL'S REINViGORATOR
MMI Ml Five hundred reward for any
Vr^ ™W caße we cannot cure. This secret
gL__ . Mj remedy stops all losses in 24
3*23 Lfcra hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
Wlli SYmII e , nc ?' Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea.
WaH Kin Gleet - ., Flts - Strictures. Lost
ft*&^JSS)r.U\ Manhood and all wasting effect*
~- ■■■■—'•. of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed to
cur». Addrees HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE, m Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for
•*!• at 107>Vi Market St.. S. F. All private dis-
ease* quickly cured. Send for free book.
1 1 «lfiW«iMADVERTISEMENTS. |
fl WSRLD FAHOUSI VI N
fJkIMARIANI
*?^2T J MARIANI WINE .TONIC
'^.-—^^ FOU NERVOUS TROtTBLES THROAT AND LUNG DISEASES,
I^^^iSJS^l INDIGKSTION. BLOODLESSNESS.' IMPOTENCY. OVERWORK.
%M T **vy OVERSTRAIN BODILY OR MENTAL FROM WHATEVER CAUSES.
— **2Ll^ FOUNT INERTIA AND DEPRESSION, TARDY CONVALES-
CENCE. ' MALARIA AND WEAKNESSES OF ALL KINDS..
Mnrianl Wine Is Especially Recommended to Overcome 111 Effect of
La Grippe, General Debility, Spring Fever.
SPECIAI OFFER— To all who write us mentioning this paper we send a book con-
t.-iininir portraits and endorsements of EMPERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES, CARDI-
NALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other distinguished personoges
For Sale at All Druggists Everywhere. Avoid Substitutes. Beware of Imitations.
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
=-4i Boulevard Haussmanrr; London— B3 Mortimer Strec-t Montreal— B7 St. James St.
CLEVELAND
BICYCLES
1 $40 and
*50
I LEAVITT & BILL, H
309 Larkin St. |
Wheels sold on icstallments. t|
Old wheels tokta in exchange. f ; |
WHOLESALE : N
9 H. A*. LOZIER «sfc CO.. KJ
\ 304-306 McAllister St. g
CANCER
'S^v B=a *%^yN»n<i Tumors Cured
fir^^^aa-^ £)4^ No KNIFE or PAIN
\\^^^^Ved^ No Pay unt " RED
-JJ^^^^^^^ Any lump In a
V i^fej^^j-^^ woman's breast is
cancer. Faceandlip
v^^fe&^&s^ so common places
'viL *szarJ 'thousands I have Cured
5. R. CHAMLEY, M. D.,25 Third St., S.F.
SEND to SOME ONE v. ith CANCER
SECOND SUCCESSJPui. rEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF ;.
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR j.n evert ROOM IS SATUR.
* A.TED with a germicide. The patient lire*
In an atmosphere that positively kills th»
K»mi of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to th»
w»akpnlr.)? night sweats and cough. Temper*-
ture falls to normal, and four weeks" treat-
ment invariably Increases weight from six to
twenty pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
I Im- Not Im-
Ch«r*cter No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
lit Frag- . U ti I • M
•i Star*.. 38 U » I M
Id Btace.. 30 I a IB ' M
Th« Sanatorium Is owned and operated by
th- Fan Gabriel Sanatorium Co.. practicing th«
>nt!f=-ptic Q-rrolelal Inhalation treatment for
«3feeas^s of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physlctnr.s and nurses are In attendance. Th«
fahatortum li lirhted by gas and heated by
tteam snd op«n fires. Th» rooms— over 100 in
number— are cheerful, tunny and well tur-
rlfhed. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium Is delightfully loTUed. nln»
miles from Los Angelps. surrounded by twelve I
acres of lawn, fruit trees and f-hrubs. A bll-
j'ard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
■re free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lar?, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of th« Sanatorium and surroundings and
cur methods of treatment, will be mailed fret
en application.
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO., San Gabriel. Cal.
\, THE HOWE REMEDY nX/iS
for MALE COMPLAINTS Sw 
wrnnj i'rr.' l ikn-c •>tir.!, rrcxaluittn and [lim.-- I ltt-i no
remedy c» tirth £. .Dirt r -""'>' »Pf li * d b >' '*Jyhcr
»-.«•« ' ■«:«s(.lsw*UuO*K!U nslf. Ktlle%e»«llpnln
rapj^Mk in \i"«mb or tlvjirl"« In 10 mlnntc*.
sfi*- s <v£s >'■■'■• ■'" : 1"' '•I | '!*S K»intn»»»,'S«rvo!:snesi, Fe»r
a^feifc*, an i D«»!rt..idrnry. Curt • Louco.-'.io-a, Wor
J«r. &p{ Comjiljint*. l>i«iU<«laeCt«, lUtkiche, BMilDt
/ r f' Sorcne«i «ml ncem'ion«y?|V\
Vl|> ( 'l""" lho »n ritl arii Vltf'lze»g»l*V
N --;> ■ !• f.-am». »ulr, Snr^a.id JZjMJ
Abnolntfly I!urinlc«». Or.o &O f'.nt Uu-. will '"'
<sf Hp^Ai f PAlfii^o''»> v AT.i. nßrGc.i'or*
uIDI ■i All i AIH:..; i.ia!~l in p'.ain wrapper on receli
Hi ! U UaH'l ! ■rU Prrf^to lo.C»-li»B m<i«. .'Mt <*.
Eold by Owl Dnjs Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
Catarrh caused
hoarseness and difll- /?fc/fi/'t?aiw\
also to a preat extent l&f&FSrl
lost hearing. Dy the /w?hvr^icv
uce of Kly's Cream *«- lvlfM Wf/
Biflm flrr/pping of mv- t w/
riis has ceased, voice f
and hearing are c;r*-at- Jg b °'»''*^>-V
i. •> . Monrnouth, 111.
f "rpß!n Btilm Is placed into nostrils, spreads
ever xh- memhnini; and It* absorbed. Relief Is
Immediate and a <-ure follows. It If not drying
— ilo'-u not produce sn»<»2!nK. Large size. GOc:
nt dniKuiHta or by mail: tr'.ril size, 10c by mail.
KI.Y BROTHERS. S6 Warren st . New York.
«! C RftPfM'C FOR EITHER HEX.
fcfc gnliire UThis remedy being in-
:'-" " ■■ ,|«Tt«d directly to the
0?^~"*l ' fs?& Meat of those dlseaHfH
ki O R] of the *»<" n 'to-ITrinar.v
6-' Fms3 Mea* of require*! no
0 ■"«»** ♦•"* «»enito-|-rinar*
Xl iSOrsanfi. requiren no
wL£4 \SM BH change of diet- Cnrc
'<s*i --^^— V9i gnaranttrtl In 1 to 3
«i«y>i- Small plain pack-
*r« ITT 12 IB* ace - by m "W. »1.00,
*i^ vj J3^.^SCM:>n! only by
GEO. DAHLBENDEII & CO.. Sols Axrata.
£14 any at.. San Francisco. Cai.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
Xl AND WASHINGTON BTB.— RE-
*»■ modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD & !
*'O . Huropfran plan. Rooms, COo to %1 60 day i
Kto ;s weok; ii to J3fl month. Frew baths; hot
■fcr;j qoid water every room; Ore era tea in «v«ry
Mtua; w-.uivi runs All night. , ■ Jf§Zf&
SLAVE TRADERS
ARE SAD AND
LABOR REJOICES
Sensation Caused by
The Call Expose.
CHINESE LAWYERS ARE IDLE
SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY
IS DULY PRAISED.
The Reform Inaugurated Shows That
the Government Is in Real
Earnest in Enforcing
the Law.
The anii X- published exclusively In The
Call yesterday concerning the failure of
oi the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company to secure the reinstatement of
Ben. E. Meredttn as head of the Chinese
IU was the talk of the town. It had
always been suspected and even telt that
there had been a strong Influence con
. with the turning loos,- of Fong
Suey Wen, and it had been pretty well
understood that Meredith had been ap
pointed chief of the bureau and had l n
retained as such by the political Influence
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company
and of thf Southern Pacific Company. On
no other hypothesis c< ild be explained
the tacit approval of the peculiar manner
in which the bureau had been condu
and the energy with which Its deposed
chief had !>• ■ n -
But the public did not expect that the
piracy un the part of the steamship
company to flood this country with cheap
coolie labor would be bo completely
proved a.« It was by the admission of the
chief lobbyist of the Southern Pacific
Company to The Call correspondent at
Washington; when he J said that his peo
pie had instructed him to secure the reln
statement of Meredith and that lie had
reported to thejn that the task was lm
possibre because the .Secretary of the
Treasury had informed him that Meredith
had i ■-•.n proved to be to blame for the
t ape of the procuress.
The statement made to O. P. Huntington
by K. }'. Schwerin that the dismissal of
Meredith had been "a body blow" to the
coolie transportation business of the
steamship company let the political cat
out of the. bag and threw a Hood of light
upon many things that had happened In
the -bureau and that had been thought to
be merely mysterious. It explained as
plainly as a picture without words why
7""" Chinese immigrants had been admit
ted during the past two years, as against
only 34<X> during tin last two years of Col
lector Wise's administration, It explained
also why the flood since the Ist of last
January has dribbled Into an almost in
significant stream, and why attorneys
who bad all the business they could do in
the way of getting Chinese immigrants
Into the country had deserted the Ap
praise) building since the confidential
friend of the Scnwerin-Huntlngton com
bine transferred his activity to some other
sphere of usefulness.
It proved that The Call was right when
it contended that the coolie importers
were allowed too many opportunities by
the loose methods prevailing in the man
agement of the bureau, and It placed upon
the shoulders of the apologists of the bu
reau the onus of explaining that their
advocacy of that system had been
prompted by a desire to see *che exclu
sion law carried into effect." Men who
were suspected of crooked work- and who
kept the carpet warm with the frequency
of their comings and goings to and from
the sanctum of the bureau chief fled the
place and vanished from the gaze of the
public and the press like rats scampering
from a sinking ship. It was a silent but
no less eloquent admission that when the
appointee of the Bcbwerin-Huntlngton
■importing tong was not there to
see that everything went on well It was
useless for the coolie brokers to attempt
to continue business at the old stand.
y arnontf labor circles v\.is The
Call's i xpose hailed with delight, for most
grateful to the laboring men and vromi i
of California wan th< new- thai a check
bad b( en put upon the fid.- of yellow com
petition. and that the Qovernmeni was
sinoep- in it? determination u> fulfill most
stringent!) In the letter and the spirit the
exclusion laws which were passed by Con
gress and signed bj the PresTdent, not ;<j
a |oke or b bur a.- a grave and
Important fact. Much satisfaction was
psed also ; - ry of
• tennlix d to conduct
Ihe bureau affairs from Washington and
thus raise the department from the unde
sirable plane of pothouse j>"ii;j, -s into an
Important, dlgnined and respectable arm
of the executive power of the Glovern-
The system of vesting the appoint
ment of the bureau chief in the hands of
the Collector of the Port had been giv^n
a fair trial for many years, and nothing
candal and confusion had resulted
from It. it was fell thai while Mr. Hunt
n and Mr. Bchwerln mlfjht be able
to exert a powerful Influence on a
i of the Port, that Influence would
not be nearly so Btrong if directed as
an official bo hl»?h as la the Secretary of
reasury.
Tin- <;uii has been congratulated on ail
-irics outside of Chinatown upon the ear
ne»l and gallant fight It has been waging
for the putU year for a reform in the
management of the bureau. That reform
has been Inaugurated, and already Its
good effects have become apparent.
Guard for the National Parks.
a detachment of colored troops has
been ordered to report for guard duty at
Yosemite National Park. It is composed
of fifty men, and will be under command
of Lieutenants James A. Moss and George
11 McMaster. Twenty-live of the num
ber will proceed to Sequoia Park and the
others will be stationed at the General
Grunt Park. The following medical offi
cers and members of the hospital corps
were assigned to duty with the detach
ments: Acting Assistant Burgeon Fred
erick Pearl U. S. A., and Privates Jesse
Archer and John Menteer, hospital corps.
U 8 A ; Acting Assistant Surgeon John
A* Muring". U. S. A., and Privates Louis
Manner and John C. WaJsh, . hospital
corps, U. S. A. ' ::: '- :^
■•ppenmold" gold, latest.' bent, perfect paint:
cample bottle »c rcßwniol'l. 63 Chronicle bldg.»
Husbands Deserted Them.
Suits for divorce on the ground of'de
sertion have been filed by Lucy E. Bry
ant against Thomas Bryant and Annie
S. Dalzell against William Dalzell.
Advances made on furniture and j-tanns. with
or without removal. J. Koouun, M7-1023 MlBSign.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
DRANK, SMOKED AND
DIED AFTER APOLOGY
MRS. L, AIKENS of Sacramento had the misfortune yesterday to be
mixed up in a tragedy. She herself was not present, but her name
was a link In the career of young William T. Muhlenfels.
M ihlenfels was discovered yesterday morning In his room in the
Ruse House dead, lying on a lounge, with a bullet wound In his left
breast, a pistol by his s'id>-. an empty champagne bottle and a glass on a
small table at the head of the lounge, and a half-smoked cigar held be
tween his ringer.-. The dead man was clean shaved, ixatly dressi-d and
won a deep red rose in his coat lapel.
cm Friday morning the clerk uf the Kuss House received a telegram
from Sacramento addressed to Mrs. !.. Alkens, to be called for. An hour or
two later a dispatch signed "Will" was received from the same city, ad
dressed to the clerk, Inquiring whether Mrs. Alkens had received the tele
gram which had been sem previously. The clerk replied (the answer having
prepaid) thai she had noi called, and that the telegram was still there.
In the afternoon the deceased appeared at the hotel and asked whether
Mrs. Alkens had registered, and he was Informed by the clerk that Bhe had
not. He wenl awaj without making any comment and returned at about half
past 8 o'clock in t>ie evening. The clerk noticed th.at he had been drinking.
but he was not drunk. He registered himself as 'W. T. Mubi-nt.ls. X. V..'^_
arid waa assigned to room 57, Before going to tin- room lit asked tjhe clerk
whether hi would be allowed to have liquor brought to tmj room, and the
c!»-rk answered that there was no objection. After Muhlenfels had retired,
was about 9 o'clock, he rang for the bellboy and ordered a pint bottle of
champagne, He paid for the wine with the change which the clerk had given
him "ut of b ten-dollar piece tendered for thf use of the room.
That was the last seen of him until a quarter to 8 o'clock yesterday morn
inc. when a chambermaid, making the rounds of bedmaking, came to the
room and found the door unlock. -d. She looked Into the room and saw the
d.,id body of Muhlenfels lying on the lounge with a partly BmoKed cigar
between Ule first and second fingers of his right, hand. The ewjty Cham
boftle and glass Were on a table at the head of the lounge. When
Toner's deputies arrived they saw that the deceased had moved aside
his coal, had placed the revolver with the muzzle against his left breast
and had s.-nt a bullet ju»l under the region of the In-art. The cigar still re
mained between his fingers, but the pistil had dropped from hi.s hand to the
lioor.
On a sheet of note paper obtained from the eb-rk was written the following
•with a blue pencil. H was the. apology of an unselfish suicide who, not
withstanding the solemnity of the act he* was contemplating, seemed to re
gret the annoyance he might cause the hotel people:
"Gentlemen: I am sorry to do this in your bouse, but it is unavoidable.
Homei Dickey, it WS23 Eighth street, Sacramento, <"al.. may think enough of
me n , -, thai i un properly buried. Have me cremated and scatter my
ashes My folks at 610 West Une Hundred and Forty-seventh street. New
York, will see to it. WM. T. MUHLENFELS. 1 ;
A dispatch from Sacramento gays: "Mrs. Leslie Aikens, who was men
tioned by William T. Muhlenfels, who killed himself in the Rusa House to
day, has been keeping a lodging-house at 725^i J street in ibis city. Muhlen
fels lived with her and up to a short time ago the two were great friends.
rdlng to a recent complaint lodged with the police It is learned that the
luarreled not long ago and that Mrs. Aikens drowned her sorrow by
drinking more than she ought. Shortly after this they became reconciled
and Muhlenfels prevailed upon Mrs. Aikens to sell him the furniture in the
lodging-house. The next day he borrowed the money he .iad paid her, and
the day after Mrs. Aikens reported to a police officer that Muhlenfels had
kicked her out of die house. The officer, chancing to meet Muhlenfels, asked
him What the mattet was and why he had treated Mrs. Aikens so. Muhlen
fels denied the story and declared that he was very muc-h in love with the
grass widow and :bat she could live with him as long as she "wanted to.
There was another row between the two a few days ago. Mrs. Aikens on
Chursdaj told her policeman friend about It and said that she would
Bee that it came out al! right. She was then on her way to San Francisco.
••Yesterday Muhlenfels poM the furniture to an auctioneer by the. name
of Walker, to whom he said that he would never again have anything to do
with Mrs. Aikenfi and that he was going to San Francisco to look after
some business.
SUPERVISORS FAVOR
THE NATIONAL CLUB
ACTION GBANTING IT A FREE
LICENSE.
Protest Against Awarding the Con
tract for Furnishing Sustenance
Supplies to the County
Jails Is Ignored.
The Health and Police Committee of thei
Board of Supervisors yesterday ordered
that the ambulance which for some
months has been used by the Police De
partment be returned to the Receiving
Hospital. The ambulance was originally
donated to the service of the hospital by
the Doctors' Daughters and was intended
lo be i"-" 1 for the benefit of the sick and
injured and for no other purpose.
The application of the managers of the
National Athletic Club for a return of the
$HK) paid: as. a license fee for the Smith-
Oreen flt**co was considered favorably, the
net result being that the money will be re
tained by the city and the club will be
granted a free license to conduct, a box
rng; tournament covering a period of four
nilht« the various dates to be separated
by Intervals of one week or more The
incident will result In a saving of $300 1 to
the club in the matter of license fee . The
tournament Is to be for professionals. In
v, Itn c on the question Supervisor Att
ridge Raid he was in favor of such tourna
ments as he believed they had the effect
of "educating the rising generation and
making them better men." The commit
tee wiU report In favor of granting a free
license for the tournament for profea-
Si In the g ma e ttlV of letting the contract for
furnishing supplies to the County Jails a
representative of the Pacific Marine Com
nanv entered a protest against the board
awarding the contract to James A. Snook
&Co the lowest bidders, on the ground
i that they were not dealers In the articles
! , be supplied. It being shown that there
is no merchant in the city who deals in all
of the articles required to be supplied, the
committee deemed -ine protest ill-founded.
The contract will be awarded to Snook &
°A permit was granted the Western Box
ing Club to hold a boxing contest during
j the latter part of. Alay.
- — . ♦ » . — ■
If your property In mortgaged and yon need
more money see iH. Murphy. 830 Market. T v , •
Merchants Will Elect Officers.
The annual election of officers of the
Merchants' Association will be held on
May 22. It ls> expected that the present
board of dlrectoro, with the exception of
Mr. J.iebes, will be rhonen again. If there
is no opposition F. W. I>ohrmurm will be
reappofnted president and A. K. Baldwin
will be secretary.
WEAK MEN,
WEAK WOMEN,
Read This:
Many men and women to-day are wrecks,
without confidence In themselves — no
vigor, snap or capability.
VITALISM
Gives wonderful, quick and sure re-
sults. There Is satisfaction in it. Elec-
tricity only relieves temporarily; drugs
only irritate. Vitalism cures! Send or
call to-day for lectures and symptom
blanks, which you can fill out and get
advice by mail without charge. Send'
or call at once; it costs you nothing.
DR. ROUXEL,
935 Market Street.
Hours — 12 to 4 and 7 to 8 p. m.
BAY AND EIVEE STEAMEBa.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER 11. •J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m"
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO *
Telephone Main 805. ■ • ■ .- •
FOB U. S. NAVy-YARD AND VALLEJoT
Steamer "Montlcello." "
Mon.,"Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 945 aS
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fridays!
Ip. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10 :30 a. m.. Bp. m.
Landing and office, Mission-street Ix>ck, Pier
No. 2.- Telephone Main UN. . . > ■
| j. FARE,..:.... ..., 60c
DIVINE HEALIITQ.
INCURABLE
CASES THAT
IEEE CURED.
Where Physicians Failed
Healer Francis Truth
Met With Success.
Hundreds of Sufferers Owe
Their Restoration to Health
to His Skill.
TESTIMONIALS OF GRATITUDE.
Remarkable Resuits Follow a Few
Treatments—Chronic Diseases of
All Kinds Absolutely Cured
at 440 Geary Street.
The startling cures effected by Healer
; Francis Truth, as related in detail in
; the papers last Sunday, created a sen-
i sation in this city during the week.
Every reference given in the articles
i alluded to was bona tide, and hundreds
of citizens availed themselves of tbe
j opportunity tp personally investigate
■ the oases published by the press.
During the past week Healer Truth
was the busiest man in California.
Hundreds of visitors thronged his par-
lors daily and astonishing cures were
effected.
The case of Miss Dora Gardmeyer of
Livermore is exciting general attention
to the work of Healer Truth. This
young woman was almost totally deaf
i for many years, and after a few treat-
i merits she was completely restored.
I The publicity giv^n to her case has re-
! suited in a tremendous increase of that
young woman's correspondence, but
now that she has been miraculously
cured of a trying affliction she has no
I complaints to make.
As has been slated by Healer Truth
..11 several occasions to representatives
of the press, he is prohibited by many
of his patients from disclosing their
identity under any circumstances. In
mentioning the more remarkable cases,
therefore,, the initials only may be used,
1 but should Inquirers demand fuller par-
ticulars they may be had by applying
to Healer Truth.
Gilbert Mansfield of 288 Valencia
street, this city, does imt hesitate to
j spenk in praise of Healer Truth, by
: whose efforts he vas absolutely cured
of nervous prostration. Miss Maggie
Qaleman, who lust her voice several
years ago, found it aerain after three or
four treatments by Healer Truth. Mrs.
1 J. LaocE, 322 Seventh street, who used
crutches for six years, because of an
affection of the fcnee joints, was en-
abled to walk unaided after a single
treatment, and after three treatments
discarded her crutches entirely. They
are now in Healer Truth's collection of
j curios.
Mrs. Charles Anchester of Sacra-
mento was cured of partial blindness of
years' standing after six treatments.
Sh>- regarded her case as hopeless, but.
like a drowning person grasping at
i straws, she was persuaded to intrust
; her case to Healer Truth. That sh^
does not regret it her letters to friends
in this city amply demonstrate.
J. A. R. of Healdsburtr writes that he
is improving wonderfully under Healer
: Truth's absent treatments. Having a
touch of almost every disease under the
! sun, the writer was confined to his bed
for nearly a year. After a month's
treatment J. A. H. is on his feet again
and Improving hourly.
L. 6. H., a merchant of Fresno, whose
1 daughter is suffering from quick con-
sumption, that she is almost
cured after two mouths' treatment. "I
never thought to see so wonderful a
change In her," he writes. "I believe
she will now recover her health. If she
does so, I'll be your debtor for life."
Miss B. of c'loverdale fell from a
wagon when a child and lacerated her
left foot. The injuries were not prop-
erly attended to. and a running sore
developed, Which seemed incurable. A
month ago she applied to Healer
Truth for relief. A letter received Fri-
day indicates that the sore has dried
up and no trace of it now remains.
Numerous similar cases mi'Tht be
cited, but these are sufficient to show
the character of the work performed
:by Healer Truth. As already stated.
' he has treated over 3000 cases without
i a single failure, many of them havin.v
' been given up years ago as absolutely
1 incurable. To those who blindly argue
that divine healing is not efficacious
these figures are full of meaning.
The absent cures of Healer Truth are
Increasing daily. It is not necessary to
see the healer, but merely to write to
! him, stating the case In detail. All com.
' munioations are confidentially treated
: and their contents held sacred.
OCEAN TRAVEL. •
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
*Lf^) , Steamers leave Broadway
gpfc, wharf, San Francisco:
'■ rCBHwJBk For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
i IBP^Shj^^ April 21, 26. May 1; change at |
'' HhSSR^RI 01 ' Victoria, Vancouver (B. '
■Kar^dUH C.). Port Townoend. Seattle, !
Ir^^i^Hßfl Taeoma. Everett. Anacortes \
' and New Whatcom (Wash.), i
"^ 10 a. m. April 21, 26, May I. !
nd every fifth day thereafter; change at Seat- I
tle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. iP. Ry. ; at
i Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., April
19. 24, 29, May 4. and every fifth day there-
after
For Santa Cnii!. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblupo).
Qnvlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
1 Son Pedro. East San Pedro (I-os Angeles) an.i
, Newport. 9 a. m.. April 22. 26, SO. May 4. and
: every fourth day thereafter.
For Ran Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San l.nta Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Lcs Angeles and Redondo (I-os Angeles). 11 a.
si... April -20, 24, 28. May 2, and every, fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mdgdalena Bay. Ban Jose del
Cabo. Mas-.atlan, Altata. I-a Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Quaymas (Me*.). 10 a, m., 7th of each
' month. . ' •
For further Information obtain folder.
The company renerves the right to cnang*
! without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
i and rtnnrfi of palling 1 . ■ : - ■
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). . ._ '■'•'7 > ~
• GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
*■ . -, ■.. ,- 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
i ; THE 0. R. &N. CO.
. DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
'- -From-Spear-«treet Wharf at rlO a, m.
FADE *1 2 First Class : Including Berths
iMnL $8 Second (lass and Meals.
Columbia sails April 2S: May 3. IS, 23. '
State of California sails April 28: May s.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
I Helena < and. all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
. ■ "■• B. C. WARD, General Agent,
■ SSO Market street.
» GOODALt, PERKINS * CO..
Superintendent,
_________ ADVERTISEMENTS. " /
®>® -f® -f ®>® -f ®4®4® -f ®>®>® 4-®4®4® 4 ®+ ®f® -f ®>® -f ®+®+® -f ®> ®-f®
4- ♦
jciTYOF^h paris!
I DRY GOODS COMPANY. |
I MILLINERY DEPARTMENT |
I Special Importation |
•*■ '■'", ' ' ll »'■ — * ' .....OR ♦
I MIDSUMMER HATS \
® . Have Arrived and Will Be Shown on <|)
•5 TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY, May2"i>and3"D' ®
4- /|/^>TTCr— A choice selection will be opened at the same tim» it ELE- >
®- Iwl^ * *-^ GANTLY TRIMMED HaTS at $10 and $15 each <•>
® MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. ®
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
t S. B. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco. ®
± UNION SQUARE.
| THIS STORE WILL BE CLOSED DEWEY DAY, MAY Ist. |
®+®+® + ®>® ♦ ®4® 4® ♦ ♦ ©♦£♦<■) ♦ ®»®4® ♦ ® 4 ® ♦ £-»®4®
OCE_iN TKA.VEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORE, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARH.
Stopping at Chprbcurg. westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May 3iSt. Lotils May 24
Paris ....May 10 Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 St. Paul June 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland May 3 Westernland ....May 24
Friesland May 10 Kensington May 31
Southwark May 17 i Noordland June 7
EMPIRE LINE.
6eattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY, !
30 Montgomery St.. or any of. Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- '
ncr First and Brar.nan streets, 1 p. m.. for
I YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
■ Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for j
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. r,. : .
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 8 j
; HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June 1
NIPPON MARU Tuesday, June 27 ■
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For '
freight and passage apply at company's office, |
I 421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
f_<R| The S. S. Australia
f_B9fcl!r--S! sails for Honolulu
•SPflr--" *' Thursday. May 4. at
to ™ —^ 2p. m.
rs^^V\ 8. S. Moana satis i
SffirliTNlliV vla Honolulu and ;
Q)lWlllJlll r '^ Auckland for Sydney j
(O[]lß<)iUh Wednesday. May 17. ;
v:" l r' ul ' p M at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii, :
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez. ;
England, etc. : JCIO first class.
! J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
' Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TBANSATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. _ J j-jrr
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. ■vJLfiyEli
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ■— * ILUI — — »
Morton Ft. LA NORMANDIE. May
6: LA CHAMPAGNE, May 13: LA BRETAGNE,
May 20: LA TOURAINE, May 27: LA GAS-
i ( CNR, June 3. First-class to Havre, $65 and
upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green. New York. ' J. F. FUGAZI & CO..
! Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.. San
Francisco.
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, »:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30,. 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. 1,.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
i WEEK DAYS- 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:48,
3:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:06,
6:25 p. m. »
Between San Francisco and Sehuetzen Park
j came schedule as above. j
Leave i . Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. i
. ~—\ April 16 " 1 _____ .
Week Sun- Is 9». Sun- j Week
Days. days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am' Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 an»
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pot
Fulton,
7:30 am * Windsor. 10:25 an*
> Healdsburr,
. ■ ' Lytton,
GeyservlHe,
1:10 S:ooam Glover4ale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am i '■'■ • j Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah.,. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 am - )0:25 an)
_ 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm .. 6:20 pm
. j^^ ___^_ _ •
' . 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma ' . 10:40 am 8:40 am
i and
' 1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sebastopol. 10:10 am 10:26 am
- 8:39 inn 5:00 pml ! 7:35 pm, 1:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggt
Springs; at Cloverdale for the G*y9«rs; at Hop-
. land for lTuncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvlh'e. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Bs:Tt!ett Springs; at T'k'.ah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, 'Blue Lakes, Laurel
1 Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Vailey, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
; Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle,
Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Kavarro. Wl.itesboro, Albion, Little River,
I Orr'g Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
I Westport, Usal, WiUltts, Laytonville, Cumi
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
! Bcotia and Eureka.
J Saturday to Monday round trip tickets M
j reduced rates.
I On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
j beyond San Rafael at half rates.
■ Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Q«ntral Manager. Oca. Past. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
i —
1 Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 8
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
■ 'Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
. following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday-Arriving- In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CABS. BUFFET CAR. Ob.
servation Car and Electrlo
i Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overlarld Express. / ;.~i*'
! ! SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— 62I MARKET SI. :
TELEPHONE MAIN 15JL
Oakland 0ffio«— 1118 Broadway.
Saoramento Office— 2ol J Street.
: Baa Joa« Office— 7 West Santa Clan Ski
BAILROAD TKAVEL.
fOiTiir.u.i i*a«:ikh: I*OMt*AMV.
(PACIFIC itVHTKM.)
Trutns I«iit« mitt mi' due lit nrrlT* Ml
MAN ritAN«'IMt:O.
(MaiD Line, Foot of Market Street)
ltavb — . From April 9, 1899. — abetvb
•0:OOa Nlles, Sao Jose and Way Stations... *B:4Sa
7:OOa Benicia, Snisuii and Sacramento Bt4Sp
7:0«» Marysville, Orotllleand Uuddiug via
Woodland »»4»p
■7:00 a Elmira, Vac»ville ami Kuinsey »:4Sr
?:3Ua Martinez, Han Uamon, Vallejo. N«i>a.
Calistog* and Santa Rota OilSp
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogilen and Kast.. SiMl>
B:1|Oa San .lose, Litermore, .Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerrille,
MarysTille, Chlco. Ue<l ItlutT ««1»F
BiSOa "Milton, Oakdale and Sonora, 4tlSp
•tOO A Martinez, Tracy, Latnrop, Htockton,
Merced and Fresno I»:15p
9i»*a Fresno, Bakerolielri. Santa U»rl>ara.
Lob Angeles, Demlus. HI Puo,
New Orleans and East ot4sp
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations ?:45p
I 2:00 m Niles, Livermore, Stockton. Saora-
mento, Mendota, Hanfurd, Visalla.
Pcrtenille 4il«p
•liOOp Sacramento Hirer Stemueri ■SiOtr
• i»m»i- Martinez. Bau Itmnon, Vallejo,
Napa, (.'alistiiK*. Santa llosa »ils*
4tOOp Beulcia, VacaTllle, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,.
MarysTille. Oro»llle IO:4»a
4:8 Op Nilea. San. Tone and Stockton 7i|lip
4:80p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond ll:15p
B:OOrThcOwl. Fresno, Bakersfield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9i45*
•irViOOp Paciflo Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago an d East 1 8:43 a
' 8:SOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12sl0p
s:ilop Martinez, Tracy, M.-ndota. Fresno,
MojaTe ami I .us Aiieelw! Bi4Da
SiSOp Santa Fo ltoute. Atlnntio i:« press
for Mojave ami Ka«t 6t49p
6iO«P European Mall, Og.lt-.. and Kast.... »:4Ha
oiOOp Hay wards, Niles and San Jose 7»45a,
•BiiHH' Vallejo I»il8»
liVOp Oregon Kxpn>M.MaeraiMentii, Marys.
villo, Iti-.l.ling. I'ortlaiHl, I'uget
Hound ami Kust 7:4»a
J SiOOp Vallejo. Port <'o»U and Way Sta-
tions tl •:.■!•»
tlO:O3p Sanset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles. El Paso. New Orleans
and East :i:4»>
SAN LEAMUK) AND II4VHUIIIS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"I Helro«e. Somiimrv Park, ( c : «s_
8:00 a I'ltcliburi?, KlmfmrKt, f!»:l(JA
iVtOOA S»n liPHiiilrn. Noulli Man . t*H:4<tA
lO.ooa Leandro, »to(IHIo, lot***
til :OOa • Lorenio, Cherrj - 'I**ls-
-<3tOOP ,^d * 12:45p
3:OOP HaT-aril* i2:45p
7loUp < Runs throiicli to Nile. ( 2; 111
) i From Nile». ( ' -* 0 *
COAST lIIVIMON (Nnrroit (.nnjre).
(Foot of Market Street.)
t7:43A Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations :BiO9r
8: 1 3 a Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, ton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Omz and Way
Stations 3t30»
•3il3p Newark, Centerrflle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Moulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Station! Mo:so*
4:15p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:119 a.
14: 13p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tlons /9:a«4
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIN riUKCISCO— root af Market Strut (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00*. v. 11:03 *2:00 13:01
•1:00 tB:0O *8:00r.M.
from o? Broiiwij.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 i.if.
118:00 *1:00 18:00 *3.00 1 1:03 -3:oQr.n.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Uange).
(Third and Townsend Sts.) '
*O:I«A South San Francisco 6:30 l»
•7:0« A San .Tone and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesday* only) l:aOj>
{7:80 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Crux, Pacitio GroTe and
Principal Way Stations t8»85»
9:00* San .lose, Tres Pinos, Sunta Crux,
Pacilic (!ro*e. Paso Itoblvs, San
Luis OMspn, Quadaliipe. Surf ami
Tiinclpftl Way SUtions 4:l«p
1O:4Oa San .lose ami Way Stntlnns •*:<iOa
II:3»a San Jose ami Way Stations stBOp
*9li4Si-Sku Matro, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .lone,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Orrw,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacitic
(Jro»« "IO:8«*
•8:»«p San Jose ami Way Stations *»:OOa
*4ilSp San Jose and Principal Way Stations U:l3\
■3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:30 a
3:.10p San Jose an.l Principal Way Stations *S>SBa
0:90 p San Jose ami Way Stations ?:BOr>
fll:4Bp San Jose ami Way -Stations ?:3Op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Suudars etcepted. ! Sunday only. 1 Saturdays only.
only. kSaturday and Sunday.
J Sunday and Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausaltto Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, »8:00, '9:30, 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, S:2O, 4:00, 6:15. »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturday!
i and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— *9:00, '10:00, 11:00. 11:30
i a. m.; 1:00. *1:45, »2:30, «4:00. *.:30. 6:45 p. m.
31:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Haf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, •6:40, 7:53. 8:40. •10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:15. »3:40. 4:35. 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *8:00. *9:45, «10:45, '11:45
a. m.. 1:00. 2:20. *3:30. «5:15. »6:00. 1:0% 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50. 7:55. 8:55, 10:3«
a. m. : 12:35. 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdaya
I and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:0*3.
1:20, 2.40. 1:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'na.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Re-yes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazad*ro and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way Bta'na,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 25, 1899, trains will run as follows!
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. .Sunday ger.
| Daily. Exc'ptd iKx.-ptd Daily.
7:20 am' 10:30 am] Stockton 3:45 pm' 6:00 pm
9:10 ami 2:00 pm Merced 12:40 pm '4:13 pro
10:40 am 5:30 pm Fresno 8:30 am 2:42 pm
I ll:3Sam 1 7:4.'. pra Hanford 7:45 am 1:43 pta
2:25 pm 12:30 am 1 Bakersfleld 2:00 ami 11:00 am
11:59 ami 6:25 pm Visalla 8:40 ami 1:21 pin
12:15 pm| 8:53 pm| Tulare 6:50 ami 1:05 pro
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
! Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
street. Ban Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and .:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, S. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. :.nd 1:46. Ml
and 4 p. m.
' Fare, 8. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
I THOS. COOK & SON. Abu.. 621 Market «U \
1112
BAN FRAMCISCO CALL.
rrpiKESp OFFICE of the San Francisco
Csll, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IK7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Cl McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
$18 Larkin street; open until S:3O o'clock.
IM] Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
?161 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until » o'clock.
2EC6 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
yAT The Strangers' Sabbath Home
(643) Howard St. Methodist- Episcopal
H Chuich Bet. ad &3d Sts. Seats Free.
R*v. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pastor
Iff' 1 iM Res. by the Chi»ch. Tel. Black 9>t. ,
nn mfortab|eseat >
JtL, *N*l A 111 hrteous greeting: > Await ye*.
Aj jHjLj 4^ ""rdial welcome >
•Tjßl'-A'i 11 a. m.. "Old Paths Method-
■M- jß* '-*-! Istlc"; •■'■'•' p. m., song service to
ittftSlHn&t popular airs; S, subject, "Dew.y,
\mirmm-i-w 1 the Lessons of His Life." Special
music both services. Gospel wagon work, J-u.
Young people* rally, 6:30.
ST. PAULS Church, California St.. near Flll-
more— Rev. W. Maxwell Ileilly, rector. Holy
communion, 7:30 .1. in. Children's service,
»:45 a. m. Morning prayer and sermon by the
rector, 11 a. m. Special praise service of
hymns and anthems by the quartet ajiJ vested
s Choir at 7:3 V p. m. Choirmaster, A. A. Rankln.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Powell
and Gear}' sts.— Rev. John Hemphlll, D.D.,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m .
topic. evening, "Superab.iunding Grace."
Music, morning— VCantate Domino," D(Rous-
seau); "In Heavenly Love Abid-
ing" (Holden); solos and quartet. Music,
evening— Anthem, "The Radiant Morn Hath
Parsed" (.Woodward); offertory. "The King of
Love" ill. Rowe Shelley); solos and quartet.
All are ir.ade welcome.
THE First Unitarian Church, southwest cor.
Geary and Franklin Bts.- Rev. Dr. -.l.blns,
minister emeritus: Rev. Stopford W. Brooke,
minister pro tempore and superintendent of
Sunday .school. The Sunday school is at 10
o'clock. The morning service Is at 11 o'clock.
Mr. Brooke will occupy the pulpit, subject of
sermon, "Thou Shalt Not Steal" Is Property
Theft All are cordially invited. There Is
;.i no. evening
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and !
Mason sis-.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach at both vices. II a. m.,
theme, "Oliver 1 unwell" . 7:45 theme, ' lid
Testament Geography— Marah." All are cor-
dially Invited.
FIRST Baptist Church; Eddy st., near Jones—
E. A. Woods, D.D.. pastor: residence, 2150
Van Ness aye. 'Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Morning subject, "Investments on
Faith. " Evening service of one hour; subject, |
"Nonh as a Preacher," with prelude on "Dens ,'
cf Vice and the Law."
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mi<;-
Fion st., between Sixth and Seventh — IJr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor. Class meet-
ings. S»:3U a. in.; morning sermon at 11. by
Itev. E. R. Dille of Oakland. At 12:45 p. m..
Sunday school; patriotic service; addresses
liy Rev. George C. Adams of First Congre-
gational Church and Dr. : Dille. Christian
Endeavor Society at G p. m. At 7:30 p. 111.
Dr. Locke's subject will be "Dewey's Victory
and the New Opportunities and Problems it
Brings to church and State ' Seats free.
All cordially invited. This is a people's
church. Music led by a quartet and large
chorus choir. J. J. Morris choirmaster. .- _:
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Chinch, cor. Hayes and Buchanan sts.— Rev. j
John Stephens, pastor; residence. 3')S Halght i
m. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30' p. m. • The I
pastor will preach at both services: topic at ;
11 a. m.. "The Choir Invisible"; at 7:3u p. m.,
"What We Think of Ourselves," fourth in a
series of "Half-Hour Talks to People Who
Think." Sunday school at 12:30 p. m. ; C. B.
Perkins, superintendent. Bpworth League
meeting at 6:' M p. m. Prayer meeting Wednes-
day evening at 7:45 o'clock. The public cor-
dially Invited to ail the services of this
church. Seats free. Ushers in attendance.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sinter st.. bet. Kearny and Giant
aye.— Christian Science Bible lesson, 11 a. m.
Subject, "Adam and Fallen Man." Sunday-
echool for children at the same hour. Wednes-
day evening meeting at S o'clock. All are
welcome.
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E~.
Cramer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. Sub-
ject. "What Divine Scientists Believe About
Christ." Services every Sunday in Yosemite
Hall, Native Sons' building, Mason St., bet.
Geary and Post. Take elevator.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. 320
Post .et.— Preaching al 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
This church prfaches the "restored" gospel
as predicted— Rev. xiv:(i-7, also as a sign"
of the cmi— Matt. xxlv:l4. The dispensation of
the fullness of times— Eph. 1:10. "Our gospel
came not unto you In word only, but al&o in
power."* All welcome. C. F. Parkin, pastor.
THEOSOPHICALi Society— Public lectures every ■
Bunday evening at S o'clock in Fraternal Hall.
o.ii Fellows' huilillnij. To-night, "The Th,-,.- '
sophic Life." hy W. L. Ducey of Michigan: '
Lotus Circle for children in same building
at 2:30.
UNIVERSAL Rrotherhood (Theosophlcal So-
ciety In America), 81!* Market st —Lecture
to night. "Cycles of Life." Mrs. M. M. ■
Thirds; Tuesday night, "The Moment of
choice"; Saturday night, "Savagery and I',
Civilization." '
SUNDAY MEETINGS. ': .
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists. Occi-
dental Hall, cor. I>arkin and McAllister his.—
Sunday, April 30, at 7:30 p m. ; speaker, Mrs..
R. S. Llllle; subject, "The Aspirations of the
Soul— Show Me the Way." Admission free
PR. M. MUEHLENBENCH removed to larger
quarters, the Pardee House. 1229 Broadway,
opposite stofflce, where Mrs. Muehlenbench
and the doctor will welcome -all old and new
friends.
AT Dr. Rlnes' spiritual s., ••>< Market, 11. 2 S
p. m.. free; Mrs. Ladd, Finican. Vigers. Gil-
linpham; Tuesday, S p. in., 1238 Howard St.;
oiilce 1236 Market: reading daily, rm. 77. 43.
FREE Thought lectures— Dr. York, at Lower
Scottish Hall, Larkin St.. this evening, on
"The Scarlet Woman." A. P. A. especially
invited, s o'clock sharp.
K. HEUSSMANN- Sittings dally: also has two
housekeeping rooms to rent. 641 Jessie St.,
off Seventh.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night; articles
read: 10c; prophetic readings dally. 120 Sixth.
MMES. ROBINSON and Drew, test meeting
to-ni-jht. 909 Market st. : admission tree,
C" V. MILLER'S c-therealizlng, materializing
ncance. 8 p. m. ; 50c. 409 Leavenworth St.
MMX YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; 60S McAllister si.; come, skeptics. ,
C. MAYO STEERS, 112V4 Oak: circle Tuesdays.
8: Thursdays, 2; 25c; readings, 11.
MRS. D. J. MORAN and her boy. Little Eddie. ,
to-night. S; 10c. 414 Ellis st.
EDWARD EARLE'S test seance to-night, 8 -
o'clock. :>::.'■ Ellis st.; .Vie.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 310. I. O. '<
O. F., will liave a double inltla- JE^SISfc,
tion TO-MORROW (MONDAY) «HO^S
EVENING, May 1, at 6 o'clock, "*WSPB*^
at its hall, 231!» Mission St., between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth. All brothers of the or-
der are earnestly Invited to be present with •
ua and have a good time',
J. A. BORN, N. G.
R. HERRING JR., Rec. Sec.
ST. ANDREW'S Society— Open meet- v «>». '
Ing TO-MORROW (MONDAY) », /ti3&
EVENING, at Scottish Hall, 117 -*kX^
Larkin st. Members and friends I^%
Invited. JAMES S. WEBSTER. President
A. R. PATTERSON, Secretary. ' \-
-BT. ANDREWS Society— Annual ex- •. y ,7
cursion and picnic will be held on A, t»LTJ
SATURDAY. May 6. at Fairfax 4J£&
Park, near San Rafael. Games and . ***&**
dancing. Boats will leave Sausalito ferry
wharf at 7. 9:30. 11 and 1:45 o'clock. Tickets 1
Me and 25c. Oakland St. Andrew's Society !
will participate. - . ' '
JAMES S. WEBSTER. President
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary. '.
CALEDONIAN Club — Thirty-third" «7 n.
annual gathering and games at A, tiiX*} ■
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, TUES- x(J<«C '
DAY, May 30. "
ANGUS McLEOD Chief
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary. '
IRISH Nationalists attention!— *
annual picnic and reunion will be held tf *.
on SUNDAY, April 30, at Shell Mound KVjI '
Park, Berkeley, under the auspices of '
the Knights of the Red Branch.
THE COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by Hie hydraulic
process from E. H. Adams, in the Gold Bug '
mint-, near Clipper Mills, Butte County to :
deposit tailings in Grizzly Creek; from John j
McCollum, In the Santa Rosa placer mine. In
Mohawk Valley, Plumas County, to deposit '■ '
tailings In Sulphur Creek, and from the j '
Plumas Development Company, In the Yankee
Hill mine, near La. Porte, Plumus County to
deposit tailings In St. Louis Ravine, gl'veß •
notice that a. meeting will be held at room '.
t9. Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on
• May 15. 1899, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting- regular annual meet- •
Ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson ' '
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market st,. San
Francisco, Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 9th day ;
of May, 1899, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. '
for the purpose of eelcting a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may .
come before the meeting. Transfer books will ]
close on Friday. April 28, 1899, at 3 o'clock
». m K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
Office, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
slt:i:il\ NOTlCES— Continued.
F. O. E.— Officers and members of J'C^sv
San Francisco Lodge No. 5 are 1 '!)!*?*
hereby notified to attend a special JWV.
meeting THIS (SUNDAY) EVENING, April
30. at 8 o'clock, at B'nal B'rith Hall, 121
Eddy st , for important business. By order
' of the lodge.
QUS POHLMANN, Worthy Secretary.
BRICKLAYERS' International Union— Cali-
fornia No. 1 meets at 1159 Mission st. tlrst and
' third Mondays In month.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of bald Company has been called by said
Board, to be heM on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1893. at eleven o'clock in the
forenoon of said day. at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building !
where the said Board of Directors usually i
meets, namely, at the office of .-aid Company, i
number 327 Market st.. In the City and County |
of San Francisco. State of California; that |
the object of said meeting Is to consider and j
act upon the proposition that sajd Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million I
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction j
of its steamships and . their equipment, for ,
use In the business of this corporation, and j
to purchase and pay for any other property !
within the purposes of this Company; and to ,
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed ,
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam I
and sailing ships and nil other property of
raid Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by raid Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
F«cretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
rntiv. ■ . __
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per
box; warranted to cure all caj-es of bleeding.
Itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles vitiout fall, no matter of how long
standing. 162S Devlsadero St., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $S; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hnrtman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD 'tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery at rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— No. 92 fifty ;
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after :
TUESDAY. May 2. 1899. Transfer books will
close on Wednesday, April 28. 1899. at 3
o'clock p. m E. H. SHI?LPON. Secretary., j
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay. :
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
LADY of 20 years' experience from kinder-
garten to normal desires a situation as day .
governess. Box 316, Call office. ]
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer;
thoroughly experienced; references from last .
place; salary moderate. Box 127, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and .
housecleaning. Box 322, Call. 1
WANTED— Position as housekeeper; or will do .
sewing at home. 150 Fourth st., room 12. '
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day;
good laundress. Address box 324. Call.
TWO capable women from the East wish posi-
tions as cook and second girl in family; best
of references. Call or address 33 Rincon pi.
WOULD like to have plain sewing and mend-
ing. Please call at 126 Fourth st., room 15.
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeper; home more or an object than .
high wages. Address box 200. Call office. ]
SWEDE girl: quiet; experienced cook; house-
work: city references. 7614 Howard st.
AN intelligent lady desires any kind of light
employment: good home more than larte
wages. 997 Market st.
YOUNG girl wishes position for second work
In private family. Call at 378 Hayes st. •
FINE cook. German or American style.' equally -
good laundress, wishes a position. Address <
box 6, Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day at '
washing or cleaning or any kind of work.
Address M. 8., 49 Ivy aye.
MOTHER with a daughter of IS desire sltua- (
tions; mother as cook and daughter chamber
work. i. W.. 124 A Eleventh st. <
NEAT American widow, elderly, desires, situa-
tion as housekeeper; good cook: washing; -
housecleaning: the care of children; refer-
ences given; wages $10 nth. 268 Stevenson.
WANTED— Work by the day; also flannels to
wash. 233 Turk st. . rear.
AN experienced family laundress wants two
days' work a week. Call 312 Van Ness axe. ;
In rear. •».
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner bidg.
AN elderly lady wants family sewing and
mending; good help in light work, nothing
else, for home; small pay. 45S Natoma St.,
near Sixth. .
LADY Just from the East wants work. ham-
bermaid or housekeeping. Room I. I*2l Mission.
SWEDISH woman wants washing, Ironing or
house "cleaning by the day. Address 30 Aztec
St., off Shot well.
YOUNG German girl wishes place care 2 grown
children or travel. Jessie, 2129 Geary st.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter, will go out by the day; can
make a suit in 1 day. 223 Grant aye.
EXPERIENCED sick nurse will go by .day or
week; terms moderate: doctors' and ladies'
references. Call or write 24 Lewis place, off
Post St.. bet. Taylor and Jones. "
POSITION wanted by experienced stenog-
rapher and typewriter; reference given; will
furnish machine If necessary. Address box
114. Call office.
YOUNG woman would like a position as 1
working housekeeper; city or country. Call
or address Housekeeper, 443 Golden Gate aye.
BUSINESS woman wants position: can do al-
most anything required. Box 115, Call.
LADY would like to go East as nurse or com-
panion for fare. Box 117. Call office.
YOUNG lady desires position as housekeeper.
29 Grant aye., rooms 4 and 5.
NURSE and housekeeper; thoroughly under-
stands her business; well recommended. 633
Stevenson st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., n^ar Mar-
ket: 1.00 rooms; 26c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $5 -
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus 2
Hnd baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
\
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56. $~
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics.' ITO, 725 Geary St.: tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office; t
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
GENTLEMAN having retentive memory of
names, numbers, dates, faces, occasions; ]o- 7
calls* familiar; steady; reliable; services se-
CUrable; reasonable remuneration; reticent; I
conversations repeated. MNEMOSYNE, box i
320. Call office. - _
POSITION by American experienced mining C
foreman as foreman of mine or grading out-
fit; references. Box 315, Call office. '
GARDENER, French, married, desires posl-
tion; sober, steady; thorough experience; hard c
worker; willing and obliging; best references. ,
Address Gardener, Dalves' Hotel, Woodslde,
Cal.
YOUNG man. age 30, with considerable Eastern «
■ experience in the real estate, brokerage and
employment business, desires position. Ad- 1
dress box 12C. Call office. j r
BOY, 18, would like to learn glove trade Ad- c
dress box 125. 1 Call office. .- s
RELIABLE man, Al butcher, wants position; j
city or country. Address McL., 114 Eighth st.
POSITION as bartender; experienced; best
references; no objection to going to the coun-
try. Box 204. Call office.. %
CUTTER wishes position; also good tailor
Address box 203, . Call office.
OLD man (61), handy In kitchen and house-
work, of sober habits, steady. Is willing to v
work for very email wages; wants good
home. Box 201. Call office. ;
SITUATION by experienced elevator operator. I
Just from East; wages the object. Address
box 206, Call office.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler, . experienced r
steady. 37. desires employment: town or coun-
try references. Address box 207, Call office. "V
BARBER, about one year at the trade, wishes
a situation. Address box 327, Call office. Jr
FIRST-CLASS French cook tor restaurant
steady man. with references, wants position v
In city or country: understands any style or
short, orders; wages moderate. 211V4 Polk st. -
BY draughtsman, engineers' or surveyors' C
maps, plans, etc.; good mathematician; rapid
letlerer: competent In field or office Box -s
211, Call office. * '
COACHMAN Position wanted by a competenT I-
reliable Englishman; understands gardening'
can milk. Address box ZOS, Call office. ""
SITUATION wanted by young man about -
place; Indoor or outdoor work; good horse- 2
man; can milk cow; best city reference
HENRY ANDERSEN. 219 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS bicycle repairer, understands S
lathe work, wants -situation; also stationary
engineer, with long experience .is chief City i
water works; address either. J. H., 210 Tuik
THK SAJN JKAJNUISCU CALL,, SUJSDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Con tinned.
GOOD cook wants situation; hotel, restaurant
or boarding-house; country. Apply 312 Van
Ness aye.. In rear.
I STRONG boj wants work with carpenter; one
 year experience. Address box 2<*, Call fti,-.-.
MAKKIKI uple wish situation; private fam-
ily; man generally useful, wife plain cook-
Ing and housework. Box 113, Call ofiice.
* DURING evening » Japanese desires to work
as a wnlter or washing dishes for his board
: and lodging : wages no object. Address box
\ lhS. i "all office.
■ vchxg man 2i desires position, as bookkeeper
i or assistant; 1! years' experience; references;
r' salary moderate. Address box 12, Call
p branch office, 357 Hayes St.
r AN honest Japanese boy wants position to do
. housework In family. Address HIGASHI, 703
Larkin st.
M FIREMAN would, like a stationary job: first-
class recommendations. Uox 196, Call office.
■ MAN wants work in grocery store as clerk, or
1 I can act as barkeeper. Box 111, Call office.
[ Yi'l'NG man familiar with machinery desires
1 employment. Address box, 181, Call.
, 1 GENTLEMAN having resided many years in
J I Paris and Home desires to give lessons in
both languages; reasonable. Uox 168. Call.
1 GOOD bookkeeper wants position; one who un-
[ ! derstands his business; will work ac assist-
ant; salary no object; good reference. Uox
■ mi. Call office.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
NICK young sirl to assist in light housework,
$5 per month. Call for 2 days at -t Twelfth Ht.
FINISHERS on caps, sun bonnets, ladies' un-
derskirts and children's wear; steady work;
],wer. BAUER BROS. CO., . r ,47 Market St.
GIliL, 14 or 15 years, $5 or $6 month; good
home; German or French preferred. 128 29th.
A YOUNG lady to travel and pose in Illusions.
API ly 132SA Hayes st.
yOUNG German or Scandinavian girl for gen-
eral housework. SCIA Natoma st., between
Sixth and Seventh; call bet. 10 and 2 o'clock.
AN experienced stenographer and typewriter
for country fruit cannery near city; slight
knowledge of bookkeeping preferred, but not
necessary: accurate with figures; 4 months or
more; salary $60. Flox 199. Call office.
YOUNG woman for light housework; good
home; $12. 691J California st.. nr. 21st. aye.
WANTED— Five competent young ladles; office 1
work; salary not less than $25 per month. |
Box 202. Call office. j
WANTED — A good reliable German girl for
Ken?ral housework; must also speak Knglish;
reference wanted. Call at 3577 Twentieth St..
near Valencia.
WANTED -Kxperienced shirt operators; best
prices; steady employment. EAGLESON i
CO., 535 Market st.
YOUNG girl for second work and to assist with
2 children; references. 160S Fell st. I
PROTESTANT Klrl or middle-aged woman for j
light housework; *V Call between 10 and 12 ;
to-day 74 Tehania St.. near Second.
WANTED Girl about 1C to sew and go er- I
rands. Call Tuesday morning IS2I Polk st.
WANTED— Talloress for fine custom coats; call
Mi nday. -425 Natoma st.
WANTED— GirI apprentice for ladies' tailor- j
Ing; one speaking French preferred. Apply
VERDIER, H44 Geary st.
WANTED A competent nurse girl to take care
of young child; city reference. Apply ISI4
Gough st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housowork and j
129 ' Mi-.- aye. . {
GOOD dressmaker for old-established place; i
everything furnished; rent $11. 1213 Valencia.
DEWEY Day— Dewey Day— Dewey Day!
The McDowell Dressmaking School will not
open on Dewey Day, but Tuesday. May
2, will open as usual. We hope friends Irom
the country will write for terms. Our sys-
tem is used by all leading dressmakers in
this country as well as Europe, Is easily
learned and by It you can make perfect
fitting garments. Terms within reach of all.
I. The only place where you get the up-to-date
patterns cut. 103 Post st.
WANTED Experienced bander on gloves. F.
U CONKLIN i- CO., 4U Sacramento St.
Y'»T"NG German girl for upstairs and assist
With children. Apply mornings at 1004 l'aru
St.. Morton station Alameda.
OPERATORS on shirts wanted; inexperienced!
hands taught. 4H"_. Mission St., top floor.
OI'EUATOKS or. overshirts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. "6-« Fremont st.
UELI* WANTED — MALE.
C. K. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
OFFICE OPEN MONDAY 7 A. M
Wanted for the coast railroad Free fare
S; in- masons Free fare Stone m.i> ns
Blacksmith Free fare Blacksmith
60 labor-rs free fare .'," teamsters
t>n teamsters Free fare 50 laborers
All of the above for the coast railroad.
- horse scraper teamsters, $25 an i board.
I.', pick and shovel laborers, J2 day. long ■
Job; 1" laborers for a rock quarry, $1 day
and board.
RANCH WORK
:.', farmers for a large hay ranch. $21 and '
I iird; shoreman, $25 and found; farmer. Con-
tra Costa County, $- n : 6 farmers for an or-
chard north, |20; 5 field hands for a vineyard.
(SG .md found; 3 milkers, see i-ss here, $2.*,; 2
ranch blacksmiths, J3.*> hnd $30; blacksmith,
country shop, $2 a day and found; edgerman,
J- 7 i day.
HOTELS \NI> RESTAURANTS
Chef, |90; second. J.'O; baker and pastry |
100k. $60 'all for a summer n-sort. see party
here Monday morning); cook, country hotel, !
$55, and dishwasher $1.1; cook and helper or
man and wife for a small country restaurant,
$50 and found; second cook, $in a week: cook,
; J9 a week; pantry boy. J1.".; porter boy, $15;
waiter boy, Jl",; saloon p,,rt>-r, $20. C. R.
HANSEN <£ CO., IW Geary st.
WANTED this morning, between 7 and 8 I
- k. 1 g ing of railroad laborers and team- ;
sters with their blankets, ready to go to the I
coast road; free fare. C. R. HANSEN .t ■
CO.. IM Geary Bt
Mi BRAY & READY Phone Main «>4B '
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M MONDAY
Blacksmith, country shop $. : '2 and found
Trimmpr for carriage works $3 day
5 blacksmiths, ranches, camps and shops, $60, i
$46 and J4'i and found; 25 2 and 4 horse team-
sters. railroad work: In laborers, city work. ,
$2n and $2f5 and found; buggy washer. $35 and
found; stableman, $2f, and found; 2 milkers, I
Fame dairy, $25 and found; 15 ranch hands, I
$20 and $2>i; carpenters, city and country; boy j
for printing office, $fi week; 4 farmers and
wives, ranches. J|n and $30; man and wife for
orange orchard. $60; working foreman for
Fheep ranch. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
• lay st.
2 WAITKRS for the mines. $2." an-1 found; third
hand baker. $2n; private family cook, $30.; j
cooks. $30 and $40: waiters, $25. and found.
MURRAY & READY. 63t-636 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 good men. Apply at 22 Post St.
from 7:30 p. m. to S 30 p. m., May 2.
$is WEEKLY to active, trusted man who has !
local experience and willing to work; perma- I
nent position. Address SHEPP COMPANY,
1031-1033 Chestnut St., Philadelphia, Pa. /
ELECTRICIAN, thoroughly experienced oper-
ating animated picture machines, to travel.
Apply 132 HA Hayes et.
CAPABLE man to represent us as general
I agent; $100 month and expenses. Address,
with references, TONTINE savings and
INVESTMENT CO., LTD.. Chicago.
<'•• "Vi-UiNMKNT ; •.- : ■ I■■■;.- ■ •■ i •
■ any olvll service examination without seeing
I our illustrated catulogue of information: -■ 1 •
free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE i
COLLEGE, Washing! n, D. C.
BALESMEN who will ii"t work on salary and |
want something better. Address box 2357, j
Battle f'reek. Mich.
WANTED— Coatmakers on custom work; steady
work. MX Market st.
H<>Y wanted for a few weeks In an office; $4 !
a week. Address Mil. WILSON, box 14. Call, i
QUICK tailor foi bushetlng. Apply bet. 9 and
II to R. GOLDBERG. Presidio entrance.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade; our
catalogue explains how we teach the barber
trade In eight weeks; write to-day. Moler's
Barber College, C>3s Clay «t. ' I
WANTKD — Helper for bread-baking shop; |
wages $30 and found. Mr, Third st.
WANTED— Painters, corner Twenty-ninth and
Sanchez sts., Monday morning. 7:4"); JL' 50 ,1,i,-.
WANTED \ German boy 17 or IS y>-.n* old,
usefuliln a saloon, at HENRY TTOTJEN'S,
northwest corner of Third and Berry sts.
HARNESS leather whlt-iier. JOHN COUNI-
HAN & SONS. 17th and Carolina sts.
DISHWASHER wanted. 319!t Mission st.
WAITER Jpr milling town. $25 per month. Ap- j
• 812 A Powell st.. to-day. I
FIUST-ci.ASS coal makers to work Inside. Ap- |
ply to S. N. WOOD & CO., 71S Market Rt.
WANTED— Woodworker, blacksmith and help-
! or. 537 Ftrannan st.
• WRPKNTKK to huild addition to cottage in
exchange for rent. fi"3 Tenth st., Oaklnnd.
NEWSPAPER subscription solicitor. 316 Cali-
fornia St., room 20.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker; good prices and
steady work. Apply to MACKINNON &
HART, Merchant Tailors, Orovllle, Butte
County, Cal.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide" I
House, 014 Howard, cor. New Montg.; single,
10c. 15," night: <iOc, ftOc week: reading room. !
SALESMEN calling on the grocery and notion '
trade to carry light sidp line; no competi-
tion: big commission. J. E. TRAIEL, 235 ,
I Powell st. 1
HELP WANTED— Contlnned.
WANTED— First-class men's and boys' ;loth-
ing salesman at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED- Names of ruptured people; we cure
rupture free to introduce our method. DR.
SPEIRS. 06 Main st. Westbrook, Me.
MEN Teamsters, shovelers and drill-
men on railroad work, being built by Camp-
bell <$; Buckman, between Sonora and Sum-
mervilie. Tuolumne Co.; take boat to Stock-
ton, then train to Oakdale and Sonora: tare
$1, Oakdale to Sonora, will be refunded if
men work one month. Apply at room 1, 302
Montgomery st.
150 MEN for cleanest houses In city; 'Cen-
tral House." 871 Market, and "Branch
House," S6l; 15c to 50c night; all daily papers
In reading room.
FIRST-CLASS salesman for our children's de-
partment, Call Sunday forenoon, Jonas Cloth-
lng Co., 1063-1065 Broadway, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED shirt and overall cutter
wanted. Address box 116, Call.
WANT locksmith helper at 1706 Dwight way,
Berkeley.
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
tablished firm; $50 per month and expenses
to start. Manufacturer, box 826, Chicago, 111.
; $10 WEEK to start: young man as partner In
genteel outdoor work with horse and buggy;
must have $150. Box 403, San Rafael, Cal.
WANTED— 2O teamsters , and laborers at
Devisadeoo and Broadway. '
WANTED— Steady man with small capital; in-
door business. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Mkt.
BARBER wants to rent furnished barber shop
I or work for reasonable wages. Address 427
i Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG men (non-union) for coasting vessels:
good wages guaranteed. HERMAN'S, 26
.Steuart st.
: WANTED— men to occupy rooms; 10c per
j night, 60c to $1 per wk. 106 New Montgomery.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma- j
rine Corps, United States navy: able-bodied, I
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
i or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good 1
1 character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 inch in height. For fur-
ther Information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
PENSIONS J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys
_j— — — Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
1 TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 60; new shoes, !
I slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st., I
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Emplymt.
Bureau. 1125 Market st. W. J. i>rideshaw. Sec.
Get your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c to I
50c. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts. '
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ- '
int. H. Bernard, sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
150 MEN to take best single room, 15c night; $1
week: "France House," 149 3d st, and "Oak- 1
1 land House," 664 Howard st. ; reading room. j
WANTED -Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma- I
nlla, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship- !
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House Proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
I rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, const. Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
WINCHESTER Motel, 44 Third st , near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 15c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the 'ferry.
HOBSON House, 417 Kc.rny— Rooms from 2ic
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 13SV£ Eighth st.
j SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20e, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 863V2 Market st.
i WANTED To collect wages due laborers and
i clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
i TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
: for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— SIOO weekly and expenses guaranteed
good men to sell Arctic Refrigerating Ma-
chines for cooling refrigerators; guaranteed
75 per cent cheaper than Ice; Indestructible,
everlasting; every owner of a refrigerator
9 buys them, as the saving of ice in 1 month
mere than pays for machine; have over 5000
in use; 1000 testimonials from leading mer-
chants of the U. S. ; greatest monopoly ever
offered agents: no competition; exclusive ter-
ritory assigned good salesmen; write- to-day
and secure your territory before it is taken.
ARCTIC REFRIGERATING CO., Cincin-
nati, O.
AGENTS — A few more counties to assign in Cal-
ifornia for Handy Harness Riveter Machine;
sells to everybody: highest commission paid;
best seller invented. HANDY MACHINE
CO., 58 Third st, San Francisco.
AGENTS and others make the goods you sell.
For plan and list of practical up-to-date trade
wrinkles write WHEATON & CO.. New Bed-
ford, Mass.
AGENTS make big money Belling Automatic
Screen Door Catches; write for Information;
sample, postpaid. Be. AUTOMATIC DOOR
CATCH CO.. Chicago.
AGENTS for Brilliant Gasoline <:»* Lamp: $2
to *:> profits each lamp. BRILLIANT GAS
LAMP CO., 18 Clark st. Chicago. 111.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents; salary $75 month; expenses;
rapid advancement: unusually brilliant op-
portunity. Address with reference, BUTLER
& ALGKK. New Hav.ll, Conn.
PARTNERS WANTED. ~
LADY wants working partner with some casa
In good paying business: security for •■ash
Invested. Address M. E. 8., 626V4 I st., Sac-
ramento, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a partner In fair
paying saloon; terms reasonable. Box 110
Call office.
WANTED— Reliable partner hotel business;
must be a man of standing. Box W-J&6. Call.
FURNISHED HOUSES WANTED.
7-ROOM sunny modern completely furnished
house, with yard, by responsible party; or
will buy furniture if reasonable. Box 12S. Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
J. C MOTHER, 632 Market St.. pays" highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand latest Improved Auto-
matic sewing machine, with all attachments;
state price and particulars. Box 212. Call.
WANTED at once— Safe: will pay cash; also
some fixtures suitable for jewelry store. Call
11 Fifth st .
LAUNCH. 25 to 30 ft., wltn or without engine;
must be cheap. H. S. WHITE- 516 Mission.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil ; .id mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
-Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English: 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st. '
AYKF.S 1 Business College. 723 Market st. :
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
Scholarship, $50: low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers:
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
, evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.:
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn It practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR. 572 Parrott building.
DANCING taught, ballroom or stage: private
or class. IRVINE. 421 Post St.. near Powell.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus"
Iness College, 305 Larkln st. opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. P.. and 906 Broad-
' way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
HORSES.
FAMILY horse wanted for its keep: good feed;
good care; little use. M. E. OSMER, Sau-
sallto. i" « v~5
HORSE, harness and business buggy, $35; must
sell: call Monday. 156 Fifth St.
FOR sale— loo head of mares and geldings;
broke and unbroke: 4 to 8 years old; weigh-
ing from 1100 to 1530 pounds: Belgian «tock;
solid collars. At the Canty Ranch, Gray-
son, Cal. .
40 HORSES for rale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcad* Horse Market.
127 Sixth st. auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale.- CHASE St
MENDENHALL'g pale yard. 1732 Market «t.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
LIGHT delivery wagon; fruit or peddler's
wagon: set of harness; cheap. 3816 Army st.,
near Dolores.
3-SEATED carriage for family or country ho-
tel; canopy top; good as new. 1130% Howard.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug- :
gies: 2 extra fine delivery wag. £2S Harrison.
101 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts. '.
boggles, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
PERSONALS.
• CORRESPONDENCK invited with a well edu
cated, refined California girl of means wlv
would appreciate a fair complexioned, wel
! educated, sensible young man; object, matrl
mony. Please address, sending photo ti
CHAS. CALAVERAS, general postoffice
' Dublin, Ireland.
' HANDSOME generous-hearted lady of wealtl
and character will wed loyal and capable
business man. "Sincere." 1297 Lexingtoi
j aye.. New York.
! LEDERER'S Quintuniea. only preparation tha
does r.o injury to the scalp. $35c but. ;switche:
$1 up. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER is the only up to date hair dresser
1 price, 25c; switches, $1 up; see window dis
play this week. Lederer's Foamo Shampoo
5c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
ALL— HAIR— AND— SCALP
DISEASES— A— SPECIALTY-
GRAY— HAIR— RESTORED— IN— 3—
Mi »NTHS.— HAIR— GROWN— ON— BALD
HEAD— OR— NO— PAY— REMEDY
BY-MAIL— HIRSUITINE-H AIR-
SPECIALISTS, St. Ann's building, 6 Eddj
St., S. F.
DR. E. E. McLEAN, hair physician, will re
ceive applications for students until May 10
For terms and particulars apply room 213
Claus Spreckels building.
AT LINCOLN BROS.— IO lbs. rolled oats. 25<7
butter. 25c roll; 20 lbs. granulated sugar, $1 ; I
lbs. coffee, $1; flour, 75c sack; 10 cans jelly,
SI: picnic hams, 7c lb.
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth, above Folsom.
A BARGAIN— First-class lodging house, nearlj
new, 21 rooms; pays; near Orpheum; ownei
leaving city; must sell; no agents. For par
ticulars address A. L. t box 318, Call office.
NEW cure for rheumatism: free treatmen:
Mondays, 10 to 12. 9i)7 Market st. : oflce, lOit
PRIVATE residence for ladles in delicate
health. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth, Alamda,
SlOO WILL In; paid for the pile cure. M. D.,
I box 312, Call offlc*^
I I HAVE found a positive cure for drunkenness;
can be given secretly; will gladly tell you
what it is; don't send money. MRS. MAY
HAWKINS, lock box FX 131, Graud Rapids,
I Mich.
I RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: alsc
chenille- wove rugs, ellk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladles; are never failing and safe, rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
! sy Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy In the world; imported from Paris; take
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. drug-
I gists. 214 Kearny st H. L. LADD & CO..
I druggists, NW. cor, 4th and Howard, agents.
BEST iunch In town, 75c, at the Pup l.otlft-
setle, 12-14 Stockton st.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
I cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
| geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerren
st.. near Twenty-fifth; Guerrero-st. cars.
! JOSEPH GRe'veN'P terms for singing lessons:
Classes, J2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$>'. (one weekly); $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.) ; $20 (4 w..)
and ?2o (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
IT. Z. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 4SS Halght.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI, 313 Sutter St.
JOHN L. BOONS, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Bend for Circular. Patents Solicited.
AUGUSTA LEOLA. 232G Mission St., near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller In the world: gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling: fee, $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel. Mint 957. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansnme st.
MISS YON BERG, Of 228 Taylor, moved to 2M
Ellis (The Clifford), rooms 49 and 50.
; SUITS to order !1 per week CHICAGO CLOCK
I CO.. ISI4 Market St.; open evnlngs.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
6BAR"BORO 4 CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTK. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. NY TAILORING Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no in-
jection ;guantd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine. ah. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es ?4 r.n- ( .p«. n fv '< I; ,T NT''V'\N. 121 flth.
JRESSMAKBRS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up- dresses* made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts. $1; plain sewing; bindings put
on skirts. 2".c. 010 Pine lit.
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and JG per month, we ask you 10 Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for nil cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some goo.l pianos fo.- $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way, Oakland.
A FEW special bargains from ZUO up.
Weber: used 6 months.
Chtckeing; good as new.
Knabe: a bargain.
Emerson; fine condition.
Sterling; mahogany case.
Vose; walnut case.
16 monthly payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. 3 CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and latest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer,
A MAGNIFICENT high-grade piano, positively
new, sacrificed to-day at half price. Room
12. Flood building. Fourth and Market sts.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
HORNUNGS pianos, praised by all great ar
tints; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister St.
FAMILY going East will sacrifice n-w upright
piano. 2117 Webster st.
$12"' FOR high-grade unrlght piano; .in: WiO.
543 Clienery st.; San Mateo electric cars.
A— UPRIGHTS. $89 up; Installments. ».'. 75 up;
rents. J2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
R A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 80S to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market.
1 SOHMER, Byron Mausy and other pianos. 303
Post st.
W G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento 6t., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN -Good upright cheap BCHMITZ, 16
St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER .t CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H~
lULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S HIGGINS' Dental Parlors?~~
Emma Spreckel.s bldg., !-27 Market St.
Painless extraction a specialty: inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
fnm $5. We guarantee to till sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; BMRh su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 2J Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday 9to °
p. m. G. W. WILLIAM .-c iN. M.D.. Manager
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, L'O O'Farrell sT ex>
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges $4-
robber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 ' first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VKOOM Dental Parlors; guarantee.l
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, 5 " : teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DFN
TAL PARLORS, S Mason st. . c-orner Market.
VR. LUDLUM HILL" 1443 Market St. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR ir n~
YOUNG, 1841 Polk »t. '
LOWEST price* In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarantd N. Y. Dentist. 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
SPIRITUALISM.
- A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
0 life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
-1 vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st. _
' MRS S. SIEP, psychometrist; 11 to 5; 50c;
circles evenings except Sat.. 10c. 1724 Market.
\ MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
5 writing medium. lIS Haight st. •__
1 MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. S: 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
1 MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
s teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
C-AiKYokAATS.
A— A— A—
PROFESSOR MAX DUBOIS,
Celebrated clairvoyant, trance medium and
expert palmist 01 Paris (France). Offlce,
1130 MARKET ST.,
Between Mason and Taylor Sts.
Mr. Dubois is recognized by the press,
' medical faculty and scientists generally as
the foremost and most, able practioner of
pure and honest clairvoyancy in this country.
' Five minutes spent with him will convince
every skeptic that he has nothing in common
with that class of so-called "mediums" that
invest every city in this country. Without
; asking a single question he reveals your
5 past, present and future life, calling your
rriends and enemies by full name. He helps
the unfortunate and lends his power (which
is stronger than that of any medium now
in. San Francisco) to help every caller to
succeed in the realization of their desires.
r Unhappy lovers,, unsuccessful business men.
those inflicted with so-called "incurable '
diseases, will find Professor Dubois a true
; friend who will set them aright and help
■ them to their success and happiness.
No matter what your trouble may be, con-
[ suit Professor Dubois and you will depart
thoroughly satisfied that there is at least
'. one reliable medium now in your city.
Professor Dubois' charges are . moderate,
and within the reach of all. The small fee
of $1 charged on all consultations. Daily
; and Sunday, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Absolute
I satisfaction guaranteed. Letters must con-
tain $1 if answer Is expected. Palmistry
taught; mediumship developed. Address
PROFESSOR DUBOIS, 1130 Market st.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
1 AT 1023Vz MARKET STREET.
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
1 with the one you love no failure, remove In-
fluence, bad habits; will give correct informa-
tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces, ab-
sent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
j terms.
1 To MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1023 1 ,-. Market street, San Francisco.
' MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and ,
Card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies, 50c; gents, $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3, 995 Market st.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
719 Market st., room 2.
MISS A. FAURE, card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny st., r. 34; French and German spoken.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist add card
reader. 110 A Geary St.. rooms 1 and 2.
MISS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
Ing. 17 Grant aye., parlor 6.
MIES BAY, re-turned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post st.. room 6.
MISS A. L: CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
i BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
I netist. 207 Powell st., rooms 5 and 6.
I MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
I reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 2."> c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2.'c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for malllne. $1 per year.
•astrology.
ASTROLOGY — Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer In America; sketch of life and pros- ;
pects, send date of birth, sex and 12c. PRO-
FESSOR PKRRANO, P. O. b,, x 5238. Boston.
■^ —^^^— — — — —
PALMISTRY.
I
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger.
main.. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall, $1.
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist.
916 Bush St.. between Taylor and Jones.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR ±
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Busn
St.; 15 years' experience: references given.
LOST.
LOST— A heavy black lace scarf, from Geary
and Market to McAllister and Webster. Re- |
turn to Golden West Hotel; reward.
ON Frederick St., between Cole and Ashbury,
pair gold specs. Return to 29 Belvedere St.;
receive reward.
LOST— Cravat pin with small green stone.
Finder can receive reward by returning to
engine 30. 1737 Waller st.
FROM Octavia and Oak to Tenth and Market,
a pair of spectacles. 265 Octavia st. : reward.
HOUND: yellow body; scar left foreleg: coat
chr-.nging. Return to 871 Mission st. ; reward.
LOST— Lady's watch; No. 815.103; Initials E. P.
K. Reward room 2, Pacific Mutual building.
LOST— GoId watch. No. 9:1.001. Finder please
return to CALEY & ROEDER, 1 Grant aye.
Liberal reward.
FOUND. — — —
FOUND— Scarfpin. Owner can have same by
applying at 1617 Shattuck aye.. Berkeley.
CAME to premises at the "Bungalow," Ocean
House road, below Ingleslde, a dark chestnut
mare: black mane and tail; owner call, prove
property and pay charges.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc~
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-IS»7 Fremont st.
NEW 58 Majestic range, with steam heater
and steam ■ cooker: suitable for 250 people
Apply steamer "Queen of the Yukon," Web-
ster-st. bridge, Oakland Creek.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st "
above Sixth. '
DR. BANDEN'S strongest electric belt cost
$40, good as new, for $10. 153 Fourth st.
CLEVELAND tandem $37 GO.' 1404 Ellis st.
ENGLISH mastiff In .trade: gentle healthy
and good watch dog. 1612 Washington st.
FOR sale— Genuine mastiff dog, 1 year old 44
Beaver Ft., near Noe.
LADIES'. and gents' Victor; fancy baby car-
rlagc. almost new; cheap. 131 Buchanan st.
PIPE-WOO ft 3 to 6-Inch diameter, for steam"
air, water; fittings. W. F. Thompson. 40 Main.
TINSMITH'S machines, squaring shears, etc..
for sale. Box 321. Call office.
$20-CAUSE departure; nearly new Domestic
sewing machine; cost $55. 704 Pine st.
BARGAIN-3 H. P. Golden Gate gas engine
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission st!
L w_i D & 1 L Pi 1 ? l i com Plete: boiler, engine, etc.
»v HlTh, S. 016 Mission st.
BO L L i;? i, cn * lacs . second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors."
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mlsskn st.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent shp-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission.
SAFES- All sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
; GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; 2. $125;
3. $150; $4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE. $35. attachment (only). $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES — Bargain; In new and second-hand; all
_slzes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
I A WEEK'S news for" 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ATTORNEYS A l' LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases: wills, con- I
• tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 917
Market; consultation free;, no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charite unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st
BUSINESS CHANCES.^
HOTEL; good paying old established
business; going East cause of sale. Me-
-1 LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
■ $750— RESTAURANT; bargain on account of
; other business. McLAUGHI'.N & CO., 777
Market st. ■
• $550— PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; will be required to deliver goods
; and collect.' McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Mkt.
$550-SALOON on Market St.; bargain on ac-
count of departure. McLAUGHLIN _ CO.,
1 777 Market st. . . ■
! A-,KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
BUSINESS CHANCE BROKERS.
$150— Cigar store; down town; a snap.
$150— Barber shop; 2 chairs; clears $25 weekly.
$175— Branch bakery and notions: near school.
Coffee parlor; near theater.
$600— Delicacy and pork store; $40 dally.
1 $2000— Drug store; $20 daily; value in stock;
doctor's practice worth $300 per month.
STATIONERY store, bazaar; fine paying.. $3000
Corner grocery; old established; good bus. 1500
Fine old-established bakery 1200
1 Good-paying branch bakery iao
Variety store, doing good business 200
Call and see list; big bargains. EITEL _
1 CO.. 1016 Market st. ;
OYSTER and chop house for sale this day;
cheap. COWING, 995 Market st.
. BUTCHER shop; great bargain account slck-
, ness; call at once. COWING & CO.. 995 Mkt.
I PARTIES having a business of any kind or
city and country real estate to sell or ex-
change should apply to Nat. Ag'cy, 783% Mkt.
$200— PARTNER in mechanical business; $18 to
$25 a week; no experience required; must be
reliable. Western Invest'mt Co., 9 Geary st.
SPECULATORS who have $20 or upward can
make from 20 to 40 per cent monthly in a le-
gitimate, profitable and absolutely safe estab-
lished business; thorough investigation in-
vited; trial given before investing; call or
write for particulars; booklet and statement
free. National Turf Investment Co., 187
Dearborn St., Chicago.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar very cheap.
$1000; a fine and cheap saloon, near Market,
$1200. GERMAN-AMERICAN, 34 Kearny St.
$260— BEST paying 25c meal restaurant In Oak-
land; must be sold at once; present owner
.8 years. Call or address W., Call office,
Oakland.
$1500— WHOLESALE and retail fruit business;
sales $100 per day; established 15 years; splen-
did chance for bright man. Box 210, Call.
WANTED— young man with some money
to start a specialty show under canvas. Call
1190% Harrison st.
BARGAIN— Branch bakery and notion store for
sale. Cor. Twenty-sixth and Florida sts.
$550— GOOD- PAYING saloon; easy terms; part
cash, balance payments. Call to-day at 124 4th.
FIRST-CLASS carriage woodworking business;
first-class shop; 3 benches. 332 Thirteenth st.
GROCERY store and bar for sale; SE. corner
Preclta aye. and Folsom st. ; no agents.
2-CHAIR barber shop; your own price; leaving
city. 621 Sacramento st.
FOR SALE— Candy store, 136 Powell St.. on ac-
count of departure.
IF you have $200 to $3000, can place you In
absolutely safe business, paying $150 to $400
■weekly; clear; no risk whatever; handle your
own r.'oner: bank security for every dollar:
no peddling or canvassing; 30 days' trial;
experience unnecessary; also suitable for la-
dies: mention this paper and address THE
AMERICAN AUTO-MACHINE CO., 31 Lib-
erty St., New York.
FOR sale— The choicest ever offered In country
hotel property; the Farmers' Exchange Ho-
tel in Llvermore, opposite depot; 2-story
hotel, cottage, stables and outhouses; lot
150x150; water and gas all through the hotel;
elegant barroom: furnfture in splendid con-
dition; present owner for 25 years; old age
and ill health cause of sale. Apply to SIEBB
BROS. & PLAGEMANN, 328 Sansome st., or
at hotel, for further Information.
$800^CORNER saloon, near Sixth and Market
sts.; private entrance, with rooms; receipts,
$15 per day; city business. Exchange. 1032
Market st.
$500— GROCERY and bar: rent $20: 4 living
rooms; rent paid to May 23. WICHMAN,
LUTGEN & CO., 313 Clay st.
BUTCHER shop for rent. 1303 Buchanan st.,
near Eddy; a snap for a .live man; cheap rent;
between grocery and fruit store.
FOR sale Good paying restaurant; city front;
on account of sickness. Call 140 Fifth st.
CIGAR stand for sale. 37 Third st.
I MAN to run saloon day time; must have cash
security; $40 mo. and, found. 19-40 Market st.
$75 BUYS good paying bakery lunch place; nice
living rooms: rent $13. Apply 1129 Mission.
SHOE shop that will clear $.00 per month; good
prices: low rent; must sell. 332 Bush st.
I $400— OLD established dairy produce stand;
! doing fine business; all first-class customers;
horse and wagon; rent $15. JONES & CO .
SCS Market st.
GROCERY, bar and cigar store for sale; lease
for 9 years and 8 months; rent $40; owner kept
this place for 7 years: lease expires January
1, 1909. NE. corner Geary and Leavenworth.
$125 Partner in coffee saloon, to take charge;
. dining room or kitchen. 625 Montgomery st.
$2000— CIGAR store; day trade. Apply 227 Bat-
tery st.
RESTAURANT and chophouse; north side of
Market st.; doing good business; will stand
investigation. Address box IS3, Call office.
$600— AN old-established market; present owner
there 10 years. Box 174. Call office.
FOR — Carpenter shop with a well-estab-
lished trade. Apply at 609 Octavia St.
! FOR sale— Finn-class saloon. W. A. SULLI-
VAN. 215 .Sixth st.
PARTNER Is wanted in a newly established
saloon business In a good locality, and who
is familiar with the handling of wines. Ad-
dress box 432, Call office: investigate.
GROCERY, wood, coal, hay and feed business;
whole or separate. NE. cor. Valley & Dolores.
BUTCHER shop and fixtures cheap. 1302 Steiner
St., corner Eddy. ■
AN old-estab. tailoring business; machines, 650
yds. cloth, trimmings, etc.; doing $500 per
mo.; going to Europe. John Redley. 340 Third.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
■ office.
lodging houses for sale.
16 ROOMS: FINE: CORNER™ "*
new elegant furniture.
cost $1400— price. $800.
26-room corner house; clears $150 $850
24 rooms on one floor: near Call office $00
15 rooms; good transient trade 850
14 rooms: on O'Farrell st 350
17-room house; large yard; downtown.... 400
18 rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms; exchange for larger house 600
14-room house on Van Ness aye 350
64-room house; clears $300; payments.... 3000
54-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms: on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp 6th.
10-ROOM house: 5 minutes' walk from Call
ofllce; $550. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & C 0.;..... 22% Geary st.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
$125 Elegant 6-room flaC. new carpets.
$300 — 9 rooms, elegantly furnished: full.
$1500 18 rooms: very swell boarding.
Also a number of large houses from $300
to $10,000. KREDO & CO.
$2000—40 rooms, new furniture, clears $159 per
month; 72 rooms; 18 rooms: 30 rooms; 12
rooms; great bargains; lodging-houses sold
and exchanged : money loaned at 2 per cent.
■■j. EITEL & CO.. 1016 Market st
O'FARRELL. 433. bet. Taylor and Jones— 10-
-roomed; neatly furnished rooms, always oc-
cupied. Apply Landlady. •
SACRAMENTO, 644— Lodging-house. 15 w»l!-
-furnished rooms; rent $40; no agents.
12-ROOM house for sale; all full; must be sold;
a bargain. 944 Howard st.
WANTED— Partner in 2 good rooming houses;
no triflers. Apply 641 Mission st.
$300— FURNISHED flat. 8 rooms: bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$900—25 ROOMS; always occupied ; furnltur*
eood order: compulsory sale; returning to
France 331% Bush st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR SALE— Commencing at in o'clock t lav
and continuing to-morrow, will sell entire
lot of household poods of 6 rooms, Including
steel range. Majestic, nearly new Xno
sewing machine. Singer, nearly new and a
thousand other articles: going to break up
housekeeping and move away; must sell mi
Twenty-sixth st., bat. .Mission and Howard
NEW furniture for sale of 4 rooms and bath-
a snap on rent. 527 Post st.
4 ?2___ SESJ"SS! ! , n oak for *< s go. with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market:
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 £ TTHLY ', rentod: red. bought. *ol«i
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint VK
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer. White chea^"
repairing guaranteed. 1915 .Mission, nr. 15th. '
A nJhn™ dB . ? ÜBnt - sold - exchanged. ented; riT
_pairlng at lowest rates 205 Fourth at.
PHYSICIANS.
V cll ™ORNTON^~M^D~'^en^r~to~l4i
jgu_ •«_-** 33__2
■_■£ -fflS^p&Rt'-as;CITY t< KM. 'st \TB-
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUSINESS PROPERTIES.
INVESTMENT CORNER ON HAIGHT ST.
?2fl.r*o— Modern building?: nearly new; in
stores and Cats; rents JS.'Su per annum; 63:9 x
BUSINESS CORNER-WHOLESALE DIS-
523.000 — To close an estate; old improvements
I22.ooo— Business property: 6' stores and 3
flats; Howard st. : 53:4x155: 2 frontages: run- i
ning, through to Tehama st. : hulf of lut leant;
present rests JH'i per month, which could be
iloub'-d if lot wore fully improved.
STORE PROPERTY-SUTTKU ST.
JT.OOO— Store and flat of 6 rooms and- bath, ]
etc: substantial modern 1 ull4\ii g; rents $42 50-
I'sxb2:6; will exchange.
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
MUST BE SEEN TO BE APPRECIATED.
J6200— 3 houses of 8. 7 and 7 rooms and bath
each: rents $05; 5O:CxlOC; we are instructed
by the attorneys for the heirs in the East to
ofr?r {Ins property nt this price for a' few
lioys .^ly: last appraisenfcnt $11,000: No. 1537-
JS-io Larkin st., 27:3 feet south of ay st.
TO CLOSE. AN ESTATE.
ftiSffl — House; could be converted into 4 flats
and 2 stores and be made one of the best
paying investments in the city: 2 substantial
..-:■• ■!> houses; present rents $55, which cculd
lie increased; 37:Cx90.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT^
wm 15 ?~l modern flats; rents JSIO per annum; ■;
trade for equity above mortgage of $4GOu;
■ -IT-.".*. Jit.
LEAVENWORTH ST. FLATS.
$4000— Rents $39") per annum; 2 substantial
flats of o and 4 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation, etc. und lot.
INVESTMENT ON HATES ST.
* 2 -" 5 — 3 fiats and lot; rents $312 per annum;
a re.:
RESIDENCES.
AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
$IT.,COO— Elegant mansion of 12 rooms and
oath, etc.: 55x137:6: Pine st.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS— ELEGANT RESI-
DENCE.
$10.000— Elegant, modern residence of 11 rooms,
I'ath, attic and bas>>n:ent, etc.; very cheap;
-.:6xl00;- elite. loca^.on: Gough st
LEAVENWORTH oT. RESIDENCE.
$9000— Modern residence of S rooms and bath;
electric lights, etc.; 30xlO>j; best location.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE-PACIFIC
S5l5A— An elegant, modern residence of : 8
rooms and bath; finished basement, etc.; fine
garden; 26x103; Sacramento st.
ANOTHER NICE INVESTMENT.
S4S5")— 2-story and basement residence of 7
rooms and bath, etc.: elepant and modern;
30x110; will exchange for Alameda p^iperty.
CHEAP HOME.
$3500— 2-story modern house of 7 ronms and
bath; 25x125; Western Addition; grand marine
MISSION WARM BELT HOME— CHEAP.
$20i.0— 2-story and hi>;h basement residence of
6 rooms and bath; north line of street; handy
to several line* of car*; modern; nice garden;
25x114; this is a bargain:
FORECLOSURE OP -RICHMOND COTTAGE.
J2CO0 — Cosy modern cottage <if 5 rooms and
bath. etc.. an.i lot; very cheap; easy terms
can be arranged.
BUSINESS CORNER UIT-VERT FINE.
• $5500— 62:6x110; splendid location for stores and
ftatn; corner on Devisadero st.
HOWARD ST.— BARGAIN. .
$2iriV_ Building- lot; good location for flats;
Inside of Ki.chteenth st.; street accepted by
the city.
BOULEVARD LOT..
$1500— First aye.; 25x105; street bitumenized,
sewere.i, curbed; stone sidewalk; this is a
VERY CHEAP AND CHOICE BUILDING
$ICCO and upward-corner; $2000; 1 block from
Market st. ; Noe, Henry and Fourteenth; oe
it. accepted by the city; other street macad-
amized: 25x115 and 25x105; '-^mer 27:6x105;! 1eve1; !
on grade and ready .for building; offered at I
very low prices and being sj nicely located are
selling rapklly.
TWO VERY CHEAP LOTS.
$700 each— 2s:s%xll4; north line of street;
ready to build on.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery St.
67 F. YON KHELV & CO..
T)I3'CAI.IFORXIA ST.
■'■MontgrtrVrS' aye.', through ti-r Washinsrton St. ; i ,
brick improvements; rents $l? 0. ..'•'■
47 :6jllo7:<>— Broderick St.. norm of Golden Gate .
aye.; residence, stable, grounds, etc.
20xiifr-Miss!on st..' near Third; store and '
dwelling; $15,000.
«7:sxss— ilasun ft, near Post; 2-story double
houses: rents ?57 50; $12,000. . ...
s«xa37:<i— Pine tt., near kin; old improve-
I
2SxS*— Fourth St., r.ear Harrison; store and j
■ .
15x60— Commercial at, near front brick
building; $SW«).
SlxllT — 6 m<:dern flats: rents $110; sunny and
fashionable: Mission belt
22:6x110 — Vallejo. near Laguna; modern 2-
story residence of 10 rooms and bath: $7"f<o.
2»x75 — Corner Eighteenth and Colllngwood
ets. ; etore and flats ; $7000.
49:6x38 — Corner Second and North Park lane;
12-roora house ; $7000.
23x85 — Nineteenth st., near Valencia; 2-story
house of S rooms and bath; $5000.
4oxd3:£ — Greenwich, nr. Powell; residence, 10
rooms : $Tiooo.
24:3x63:9 — Green st. near Powell; new modern .
bay-window flats; rents $3S; $4M<). . j
4Cxls7:t>— Chestnut St., near Stockton; 4 flats; j
r*nts $- a; $4000.
25xS7:6— Twenty- fourth Kt., near Guerrero; S-
room' house; J4OCO. . •
26x66— Green, near Hy^e; modern double fiats.
20x76:6— Vallejo St., near Powell; $4000.
CSxl22:6— Shotwell st, near Twenty-fourth; 2
flaw, EWJO.
70x174;1^-San Jose road, near Glen Park; !
house 7 rooms ar.d bath; $3000.
20x5S:»— Brannan place, north of Green st. ; 2-
story house and rear house; rents $24; $16<v).
"5x7t — Sbipley st, near Sixth; 6 flats; rents
$25: $-100.
25x114:6— Twenty-second St., near Guerrero; 2-
story bouse: $2300.
25xS0— Federal St., near First; front and rear ,
house: rents $26; $2250.
24:5i»x9<J— Twenty-sixth Bt., near Harrison;
cottage; $2100.
23xS'.i— Austin, near Van Ness; cottage; $2000.
25x64— Post, near Central aye.; cottage; $1500.
UNIMPROVED.
50 vara— Hayes and Lyon sts.
wxll7:6— -Church and Twenty-third Bts.
25xl'V>— Florida -: . north of Eighteenth; ad- ;
Joining -Union Brewery: offer wanted.
■ f 0x71:10— HE. rner Polk and Lombard sts.
24xSl:3 — Corner Flllmore and Germanla; $2750.
37:4Vi*137:6— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
15x115— Scott Bt. near Washington.
25xS5— Thirteenth- •'.. near Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100— Valencia, bet 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
25x95— Thirteenth, bet- Valencia and Jessie.
sf'xl«3 — Tomer B st. and Twenty-fifth aye.
25 -Sxll4— Twenty-eighth, near Dolores; $1000.
25x90— Twenty -fourth St., near Douglass; $850.
120r:ii:*~Lot in Abb<>y Homestead.
Silver Terrace Homestead lots cheap.
IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
Fine modern 3-tstory brick building; in good
location: covering lot 34:4*75 feet; price $32,000;
will take go'xl building lots in part pay.
RENTS $60, PRICE $6250.
2 modern flats, near Golden Gate Park; lot
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
New fine S-room residence, commanding ma-
rine view; large lot; price $S5OO.
NEAR CASTRO-ST. LINE.
9-room house, in good condition; lot 25x114;
very cheap; only $1750; easy terms.
RENTS $35: PRICE t3W.
C flats south i Market st; lot 23x100; all
rented: property must be sold. • ■
'
SEVENTH ST.. NEAR NEW FOSTOFFICE.
Store and 3 rooms low. 8 rooms above;
price $£000: will take less.
-.• IN LOTS.
J chr-ap lots on Oakwood St., near Guerrero;
;: each; offer wanted.
VERY CHEAP.
Lot on 14th st. near Market; 20x115.
SEND FOR OUR LIST.
ALAMO SQUARE LOTS,
PANHANDLE LOTS.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
McAFEE BROS. McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montfiom^ry at, San Francisco.
JWC— A VERY cheap cottage; 3 rooms, base- '
merit:. cW':k«n house; in flret-class order:
PrentlM st.
$675—2 lots, each 25x120; 13th aye., near I st. ■ '
& snaj». •
$I&s<>— Lot and cottaee; 5 rooms, bath and
basement! 2Cth. near Sanchez; cottage cannot .•
be fouIH for money. ;
$77- r >— Dolores st, near ? 'th; must be Bold;
25x100; what's your offer? »*>*£ i
■ .?li) down, balance to per month, no interest,
no taxes; lOth-ave. boulevard lots.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
DO we' keep ope:) Devyey'day? We do 1 . And
will be pleased to nhow you how to buy a
l.ark lot cheap. At our branch office, 622
Stanyan ft, near Haight. you will find sales-
man ttnd team at your disposal. Of cheap .
lot* on installment plan we have a number. ]
Come out and see for yourself.
McEWEN BROS. j
IF your property is 'mortgaged -and you need
«ncr« aiuaey . .» H. MUKPHY. 630 Market st.
CITY HEAL ESTATE^ ]
A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY j
SLIPPING FROM YOUR GRASP. i
PARK LOTS. PARK LOTS.
J2OO, $250 and. $275.
' ONLY $25 CASH. BALA?CCB , 5 MOXTHLY .
BALANCE $5 MONTHLY.
Four months ago we placed on the market 1
13u lots fronting on Eighth, Ninth. Tenth and 1
Eleventh ayes., south of and not far from ,
Golden Gate Park, and up to date 110 lots have ;
I been sold.
ONLY A FEW OF "EM" LEFT.
Cheapest property in the city; commanding !
a magnificent panoramic view. of. the famous
!>ark; all lots are graded and fenced and ready ]
for building.
Take Huight, Ellis or Eddy st. cars, transfer
to electric read running to the Cliff House, get
! off at H st. and Ninth aye.; our branch office
Is on tiie. corner; maps, price lists, etc.. there.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PEREMPTORY •:
BY^HlfpijßLJtC ADMINISTRATOR,
BY THE 1 MINISTRATOR.
THURSDAY,
MAY UTH, AT 12 O'CLOCK.
AT 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
HZ .
BY ORDER OF A. C. FREESE.
EX-PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
' BALDWIN & HOWELL WILL SELL,
AT AUCTION:
AT AUCTION:
.
No. 60«, 606 A and 6v6H Third St.. near Bran-
r.Hii- lot £3x1.'0:i4. running through to Ritch »t;
(Improvements consist of a 3-story building on
Third St.. cuniaming 2 stores and 2 stories
above, also a story building (No. 307 Ritch
ft.), containing 6 flats of 8 rooms each; total
rents $SS.
Southeast "corner ■•IV la and Oak sts.: lot 50x j
SO; Improvements consist of a 2-story building !
on the corner, containing a store and 2 rooms. ;
and a flat above of I rooms and bath; also a
id -story residence on Octavla st (No. 264), con-
taining S rooms and bath, etc.; total rents $70;
there is about 35x50 feet vacant, which should
be improved.
Nos. 2657 and 2659 Howard St., near Twenty-
third; 2 flats Of 6 rooms each; rent $40; large
lot 30x122:6^
Lot on south side of Ripley place, 230:9 west
of Alabama st. ; size of lot 30x150, running
through to Waltham place.
Lot on northeasterly line of Fifteenth aye..
275 feet southeast of R st. . size 25x100; street
graded, sewered and macadamized.
Lot on the southwesterly line of ■ Fourteenth
aye., 275 feet southeast of R St.; 25x100.
Lot on the west Hue of Forty-third aye., 100
feet south of Q el ; &)xl2o.
Lot on the north line of Trumbull st, 120
feet east of Condon; 30x160, through to Canal st.
Lot on the north side of Silver aye., 200 feet
west Of Barneveld aye. , 25x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
■:■: '
BALDWIN & HOW
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
A FORCED SALE.
$52.>>>— Folsom-st. residence, near Twenty-sec-
ond St.; fine bay-window house; contains S
rooms and bath; lot 53x100; stable In rear; mort- ,
gage of $4"XX) can remain.
$!:!50— 124 Beulah st, close to Golden Gate j
Park, bet Waller and Frederick; lot 25x137:6,
with brand-new 2-story bay-window residence
of 8 rooms and bath, etc.; finished basement;
street accepted; open Sunday.
$9000— Clay st, near Battery; 2-story brick I
; building; store and floors above; cement b.ise-
ment; rent $70.
$7250— Corner on Clay st. near Mason: 3-story
building; store and. 80 rooms above; lot 2Sx7O;
under lease.
•$3OO CASH, BALANCE $25 MONTHLY.
52600 — Nice 2-story bay-window house on Clip-
per st, near Castro; contains 7 rooms and bath; •
loreclosure sale.
$1700— Hartford st.. near Eighteenth; cottage
of 4 rooms, bath, etc.; brick foundation; lot
24:7x125. ■
$4OCO— $:.'*> cash, balance same as rent; Do-
lores-st. corner: new residence of 7 rooms and
j bath; handsomely decorated; modern plumbing,
I etc.: lot 33x90; corner, 32x65, vacant; should be
improved with stores and flats; Dolores st. is to
be made a boulevard to connect with the pro-,
posed Park Panhandle exta -
(OSOO— I3IA Mason St., near Jackson; lot 35x
137:6, with 3-story residence of 12 rooms and
bath; also rear house of 5 rooms; stable for 6
horses.
$5750— Rent $S7: Folsom-st. corner; fine build- ;
ings; all rented; lot 25x112:6; a splendid inter-
est-paying property. _
$7251 — 2 fine handsome new flats of 6 ana . !
rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero st. .
rent $62 50; lot 25x100.
$SCO CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
. . JjOiX* — Fine new residence, ■ rooms; hardwood ,
floors; beautifully decorated rooms; latent
: ' pTumbiriS 1 ; street work accepted; 767 Cole st.,
near Frederick; no reasonable offer refused.
$3350— Seventh-st. corner, near Folsom; lot 25s .
SO; cround rent $20.
HA LOW IN & HOWELU
10 Montgome: \ -'
•OTTAGE in Mill Valley: -$3250; easy terms,
"or will exchange for San Francisco property;
In best portion of Mill Valley, near station;
extra large corner lot, with good cottage of :
6 rooms, bath, etc, BALDWIN A HOWELL, .
10 Montgomery st. '
CHEAP LOTS^CHEAP LOTS'-
s42so— Presidio Heights bargain: 100 feet front- ;
age, running back to Presidio fence; on Jack- 1
son st., near Cherry; magnificent view.
Jl4oo— Another bargain; First aye., near Jiv-k'-
son st; large lot. 30x120; fine elevated position,
commanding a superb view.
$1000— $50. cash, balance $10 monthly. Third
aye., bet. California and Clement sts.; large j
< lots; splendid neighborhood; you can build when I
I first payment is made.
$450 each— Very cheap; i lots on Douglass st., j
bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first; each 25x125.
■$2000— Maybe less; Howard St., bet. Twenty- 1
fifth and Twenty-sixth; 25:6x117:6 to alley.
$1475— Only 3 left: Frederick st., bet. Cole and
Shrader: sunny aide of street; cheapest lots in
Panhandle district; 1 block from the Park.
$S»XK) — Sacramento M... bet. Laguna and Bu- j
: chanan; 40x137:6; select neighborhood.
$4750 — Fine comer close to town; Page and •
Laguna sts.; 35x57:6; suitable for flats; all
street work done.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
GOOD INTEREST-PAYING PROPERTIES—
$11. 500— Rent $90; always rented; large lot, 40:6
x 137:6, on Leavenworth st; Improvements In '
good repair.
$35,000— Large lot, 77x115, with double front-
age: good improvements; always rented for
$3120 per annum; in wholesale district, north of I
: and net far from Market; pays C>2 per cent net.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
' 10 Montgomery st j
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine st., oppo- ;
site the Nevada Bank.
$18,000— Fine corner property on Geary st, |
near Taylor. •
$12,009— Splendid chance on O'Farrell st., I
inside of Jones.
?5200— Fine house on Clay st, near Webster; !
a snap.
$64,000— A centrally located property; 1 block •
from Market ft. and the former Baldwin; im-
proved lot, 55:6x137:6.
$100,000— Fine Market-st property; east of
Third st.
$10,000 only— think of it! for 3 2-etory
bay-window nouses; brick foundation; bitu- •
men garden walks; fine view; on Haight st,
near Webster; large lot; rent $75.
$25,000— Rent $18?; offered low to settle an
estate;' fine business proposition on Larkin
et., south of Geary; large lot; substantial 3- ■
story bay-window house. - stores and 8 flats
of C, 5 and 4 rooms each.
$25,000— Rent $160; a prominent northwest
corner, 65x100 feet; improvement of 3 stores
and I flats above and 2 cottages, all rented;
$;S,COO was offered for It. and refused some 4
years Rgo; there is a fortune in this property.
$20,000— st, near Sixth; lot 45x80
feet. with 2 10-roora houses, which should be ' '
raised and stores put under to make It one of !
th- best-paying properties. i
A .!. Ill' H i co.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, 112 Montgom'y st. !
$9600— Must be sold; reduced from $12,000; an '
elegant residence, 10 rooms and bath, in finest
condition; sanitary plumbing, etc.; Bush St., :
near Webster; make an offer. -
$10,000— 50x153; Guerrero st; large residence,
Msb!.. and garden; on electric car line.
jOOOo— Pacific St., near Montgomery aye.; :
I brick improvements; lot 23x137:6.
$11,000— PoBt-st. residence, near Van Ness
nv. 10 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x137:8.
-Halfrht st. and Central aye.; choice lot;
3 frontage*; fine location for building flats.
$9000— Clay-st. residence, near Fill more; lot
28x137:6. •' ' ■
BUSINESS INVESTMENTS.
$300,000— Downtown business location; pays 5
per cent net; 5-story brick building.
$30,000— st, near Market
$15 000— Geary st, between Mason and Taylor.
A. J. RICH & CO.,
REAL 1 ESTATE AGENTS, 112 Montgomery st.
DECIDE that you want a home of your own; .
then we'll advance you money to buy or ■
build one; the money that you'll save in
rents can be used to repay, your loan; our
system of encouraging home building is ex-
• tremely popular, and, by long odds, the eas-
■ iest way to become your own landlord ; we
charge no premiums; send for book explain-
ing In detail. ACME BUILDING AND LOAN '
ASSOCIATION. 14 Post st ■
IF your property Is mortgaged, and, you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st
$295—25x100; Nebraska St., bet. Nineteenth
and Twentieth;. «30 cash, balance $8 per
month. 1
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRrL 30, 1899.
J CITY REAL, . ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents
Established 185 S. 626 Market st. •
Golden Gate aye. near Leavenworth; 3-story
building, store and flats; paying good Interest-
only $11.1100.
Mission st, bet. Ninth and Tenth; 2 flats; can
be raised and store put under at small expense;
lot 30x57:6; a bargain.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low, $56; only $7250; make offer.
$4500 — Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5250— Gough st. near Fulton: 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82:6. ,
$2500 only for a nice 2-story house In perfect
order; Hampshire St., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
100.
-Guerrero st, near Twentieth; 25x100; i
two flats, renting for $25.
$5000— O'Farrell st., near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45xSO.
$2300— Twenty-fifth st, near Sanchea; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first st., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$3250— Golden Gate aye., comer Lyon; store
and rooms; 32:6x100.
$1500— Near Sixteenth and Church sts. ; cottage |
of 4 rooms aaid lot 26x70.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20,000— Pacific aye., southwest corner Octavia
tit. ; 50x127:8.
Corner on Haight and Octavia Ets. : 1 block i
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur- j
chase can remain at 6 per cent
*5200— Oak st., opposite the Park, near Clay- j
ton; 50x137:6.
I Church at, near Sixteenth; 50x125; only $2000
per lot
$2000— California, near Broderick: 24:9x52:6.
Eighteenth st, corner Diamond; 25x75; $2250.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2000— Twenty-first st, near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1600— Filbert St.. cor. Buchanan; 25x?0.
$1750— Union St.. near Webster: 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye.. near J St.; 25x120.
$Mo— Twenty-first st, between Diamond and
Eureka; 2"«97:C.
$Soo— Sixteenth st, near Castro: 25x100.
SSOO — Jersey St., near Noe; 25x114.
$SoO— Twentieth . 'cor. Douglass; 30x110.
California st, near Second aye.; 25x100; $800. !
. $Soo— Tremont aye., near Frederick st; 25x75.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market ft
EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. CORNER.
$40,000 — Large corner on Golden Gate aye., few
blocks from Market st. ; bank foreclos-
ure: must sell; 55x120.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
$12,000— 0n the water front at North Beach;
two 50 vara, having a frontage of 700
feet; must be sold: make offer.
A SNAP— PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
$7000 — 50-foot frontage on Jackson St., near
I jifruna ; cheapest property in the neigh-
borhood; must be .sold Immediately.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
$6000 — On Sacramento St.. near Kearny, 2-story
brick building; store and upper floor
of 6 rooms; property held in trust and
ordered sold.
O'FARRELL ST. CORNER.
$6000 — Four flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath;
in good condition on one of the best
corners on O'Farrell st. ; street bltum- ;
enlsed. 9US9 I
MISSION RESIDENCE.
$4250 — Large house, 2 frontages; street bitum- j
enized; lot 35x1>5; forced sale.
BARGAIN.
— Lot on west line Devisadero, near Sac-
ramento; this is a transfer point and
the only vacant lot in the locality; a :
splendid location for ■ fiats; ' lot 26x110
feet.
■ SOUTH OF MARKET SNAP.
i $3700 20-room house: at small expense can
be made into fiats; house alone worth
money; foreclosure sale; lot 21x130 feet; :
street bitumenized.
A FINE CORNER.
SSOCC— On Castro St., near Market: good lo-
cation for grocery: lot 4 xils feet.
CHEAP HOME.
$1100— Cottage; 4 rooms on Twenty-eighth st.,
near Dolores; lot alone worth price
asked. . !
CHEAP MISSION LOTS. "
$900— The cheapest lots in the city; 57x114 '
feet; Sanchez, near Nineteenth; must ;
jell.
MISSION COTTAGE.
$750 Cash; balance remain; mortgage $2000
at t>H P er . cent; nice cottage of 6 rooms |
and bath In best residence district In j
.the Mission; street work all done; half . 1
block from Valencia-si, cars... ■
CHEAP BUILDi.^G LOT. j
— One-half block from Mission-st cars; I
street' work done; cash above bank ;
mortgage of $250. . |
We hold our regular auction sales
every two weeks, For further par- ;
ticulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., . .
•• i • 63S Market st
HOUSES and cars built on easy terms near the
lovely ocean beach. Forty-eighth aye. and J
St.. within 10 minutes' walk of the Cliff and
fronting the boulevard. Branch office estab-
lished on the block. JACOB HEYMAN &
SON. Owners and Bunders, 19 Montgomery st.
3 NEW houses for sale on the Heyman Tract.
Twenty-third st. and Hoffman aye.. on $15 i
and $20 monthly installments. Stop paying !
rent. Do not delay, but come and see us '
for explanation. You can get a home for :
your rent money instead of enriching the |
landlord month after month.
Take Mlsslon-st cars, transfer to Twenty- ■
second gt. Ride to the terminus of the line,
which brings you to the tract. Our branch 1
office Is near by, where our agent will talk i
to you.
JACOB. HEYMAN & SON, Owners and
Builders, 19 Montgomery st.
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new 3-room
cottage near Holly Park; near Mission elec-
tric cars.
$HJO— LOTS in Colma, on the electric road: easy
terms. JACOB HBXMAN, 19 Montgomery st.
$100— LOTS south of Golden Gate Park in
block S2(t, close to block 726: $10 down and
$2 60 per month. JACOB HEYMAN & SON,
19 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL ELMHURST— OakIand suburb*,
near S. P. or electric station, 40 minutes from
S. F., 1' minutes from Oakland: home lots in
blsipb to suit; R0x125 feet, with a new modern
cottage, for $150; planted In shade and fruit
trees (a beautiful summer home); $50 down,
. balance to suit purchaser. Further particu-
lars, address JACOB HEYMAN & SON. 19
Montgomery St.. S. F., or 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
INSURANCE RATES CUT 25 to 50 per cent.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
$40,000— Grand investment near Powell st, !
renting for $400 a month; new Improvements, !
lot 60 feet front.
$125,000— Grand six-story brick building and
lot 45:137 feet on Market st. : near ferry.
$40,000— East st. 45 feet front, near Market;
fair improvements.
$4000— 3 brand new flats; all rented for $62.
«20,00D^Lot 40x90 feet, with "tores and flats
all rented: paying $175; grand purchase.
$60,000 McAllister st. (business); 137x137 feet.
$42,600— Grand Investment (corner): business
property: 87x77 feet: renting about $300.
$12,500— G00d investment; vicinity Taylor and
Eddy st?.
$12,000—6 modern flats; rents $111; must be
sold.
$15.000— O'Farrell gt, near Orpheum; lot 25x
137:6.
$35C0— Six flats near Seventh and Mission;
rents $50.
$Sooo— Store and 3 flats; few blocks from Pal-
ace; rents $40.
$2500— Two brand-new flats: renting $30; 1728
Bryant st., near Sixteenth; one-half cash.
12000— good flats on Geary-st car line.
$1650— Haight st; lot 25x120 feet.
$900— Cozy bouse of 4 rooms; lot 25 feet; only
$250 cash.
Wanted — Good income properties. •
A. M SPECK * CO., 667 Market st.
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO., 19 Montgomery st
$25flO— Cottage; 1 block from Castro-st. cars;
6 rooms and bath; modern; easy terms If de- I
sired. .
$1250— Cheap lot; Carl at, near Stanyan and i
Golden Gate -Park; 25x137:6.
' $6700— New house near the park; 11 rooms and
bath; elegantly finished.
Must be sold; corner, 35. feet front, close to i
Haight st. ; make offer.
$3000— Want offer; 2 flats; Lexington aye., near
Nineteenth and Valencia sts.
$4000—2 flats near Haight and Scott sts.; this :
property must be sold;, rent $40; the chances
for a bargain are dally growing scarcer and
this should be picked up at once.
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO.,
18 Montgomery St.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE...
Turk Bt •■
Half .'• • • • 50-vara
House of 12 rooms, Just renovated
Very little cash required above mortgage,' or 1
will take small house or cottage for equity:' ■
chance for bargain: Particulars of JULIEN
SMITH, Real Estate Agents, 420 Montgom-
ery st. •
FOR SALE .....'
Sutter-Bt lot, 30:6x164:1.
North side, between
Scott and Devisadero
' Fine sunny lot; unusual frontage and depth;
belongs to non-residents and must be sold;
see it, please; no reasonable offer refused. I
Particulars of JULIEN SMITH. Real Estate
■ Agents, 420 Montgomery st ■ . .
IF your property is mortgaged and you need |
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st. [
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; No*. 12S and 130; j
to be sold subject to confirmation by court. 1
Send bids to G. W. HAIGHT, 220 Sansome st. j
CITY REAL ESTATE.
RUSSELL & SURRYHNE.
. Real Estate Agents, Rent Collectors and
Insurance Brokers.
. 13S MONTGOMERY ST.
. SOME ACTUAL BARGAINS.
$3*so— Two splendid new flats; 5 and 6 rooms;
! rents $38 per month; lot 25x57:6; Chestnut st,
' near Stockton.
I $S2so— Rents $96 per month; business property
well situated south. of Market st. ; lot 40x75.
Greenwich St.. close to Montgomery
aye.; lot 46x60 and 23x60, running through to
I a small street; house of 9 rooms; cheap.
$5000— Leavenworth st, near California;
house of 9 rooms and bath; lot 22:11x80; sold
to close an estate.
$1800— New cottage 5 rooms and bath; Nine-
teenth st., close to Castro; lot 25x75.
$4250— Actual sacrifice ; McAllister st., nice
cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 43:9x137:6; mort-
gage of $3000 can remain if desired.
$4250— Near Haight and Broderick sts. ; good
2-story house, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
$3750— P01k st.; 2-story house, 7 rooms and
! bath; lot 25x100.
$3750— On South Park; fine house, 8 rooms
I and bath; lot 22:6x87:6.
$Sooo— Fine corner on Larkin, near California;
house 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
$35,000— Magnificent residence containing 12
rooms, 3 baths, billiard room, etc.: well situ-
ated In Western Addition; lot 55x137:6; build-
Ing cost nearly 150,000 to build 8 years ago;
this ■is an actual sacrifice.
$1650— Rents $20 per month; lot 20xS0; 2 good
tenements south' of Market st. /
$3250— 8ig bargain; 3 fine flats close to Mar-
ket and Valencia sts.: 6 and 6 rooms; rents
$63 per month; lot 25x85; mortgage of $3500. .
$1250 — Close to Misslon-M. power-houee; cot-
j tage of 4 rooms; lot 25x70.
AT AUCTION. .
Special attention Is called to the following
properties which we will offer at auction on
Tuesday, May 2, 12 o'clock, at our salesroom:
: Choice Investment property. Nos. 438-444 Sixth
: St.; 4 stores and 6 flats; rents $208 per month;
I lot 76x90.
Nice building lot on west line of Dolores st,
I 182 feet north of Twenty-second; 26x125 feet.
Northwest corner Golden Gate aye. and Lyon !
St.; 32:6x100; frame building arranged in store '
and living rooms in rear; heavily mortgaged
and must be sold; a fine Investment.
Magnificent Pacific Heights residence; No.
2233 Washington st., near Buchanan; grand
residence containing 10 rooms, baths, etc.;
lot 33:6x100; owner Is a non-resident and has
Instructed us to sell.
Northwest corner Hroderick and Post: store
and flats and 3 houses adjoining; rents $50;
lot 55xS0.
•No. 2532 Washnigton St., near Steiner; nice :
j comfortable home. 6 rooms and bath; lot --x
102:8; particularly choice location.
Nice cottage 6 rooms and bath: double bay
windows; 241 Chattanooga St., near Twenty-
' fourth; on car line; lot 25x100.
Eddy st. unimproved corner lot; northwest ■
' corner Bourbon, between Stelner and Pierce;
lot 32:6x75; all street work done and sidewalk:
laid; splendid location for store and flats.
Further particulars, catalogues, etc.. at our
office. BUSSELi A SURRYHNE,
138 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ ft BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100— $300— Choice lots near Ocean Beach; very
easy installments.
. $100— $126— Bargains! Level lots In Ocean
View, near electric cars; $10 down; $5 monthly.
i $400 to $1000— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots;
1 superb view; fine climate; $25 down; $10
monthly.
$250 to $700— Choicest Richmond lots; all bar-
i gains; easy payments.
$100 to — Lots near Misslon-6t. electric
cars; ready to build on.
I Branch office on Ninth aye.. near H st.
open Sundays.
I SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A.". CROCKER BUILDING.
FIFTH-ST corner; business property; occu-
pied; want offer.
Valencia st. : double frontage; any size.
Baa Jose aye. ; best block; 65x90 to alley.
Alvarado st., near Guerrero; 50x114; cheap.
San Jose aye., cor Twenty-second; 29x114.
ASHTON ft GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
CITY and Alameda dwellings and lots. AN-
DREW PRICE 206 Kenxny st. room m
COTTAGE on Treat aye., near Oar-field Square;
25x112:2: to back street; cheap. Box 124, Call.
, $2200 — A NEW 5-room and bath cottage, with
| all the latest improvements; lot 25x125; $400
j cash, balance $25 monthly: Twentieth st,
| bet. Castro and Noe. F. NELSON. Builder.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
: Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
| Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
e nth and Douglass Ets.; must be sold; 80x114
I feet. ; .... :.
i $2SOO— North line Carl st., hear Stanyan: 50x
137:6 feet
• Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.,
! near Webster; lot 30xl27:8«.; feet.
I In Berkeley— Corner lot; 87x150, with modern
; house of 9 rooms.
point Richmond! ~
25 acres adjoining depot site of Valley rail-
; road; water front of 1000 feet at a bargain.
Alta Punta Tract. San Pablo aye.. 2 miles
north of Berkeley; valley land; in acreage or
lots; terms to suit; send for map.
Van Ness aye., northeast corner; 45x125;
choice property; look at It
G. W. HAIGHT, 220 Bansome st.
I ,
2 LOTS on Twenty-second St., near York: 25x
! 100 each; $2550. PHILBRICK. 809 Shotwell st.
TWO flats, Twenty-first St.. bet. Folsom and ,
Harrison; lot 25x100: also adjoining lot 25 x
100; all for $5600. PHILBRICK. SO9 Shotwell.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
: of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
1 call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
$100 CASH. $25 mo.:$1900-$2400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
hi block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
i CHEAPEST ami best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, .sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
COUNT**.* KbAL ESTATE.
$1250—5 ACRES at Men. Park all fenced; 16
large oak trees: cottage of 3 rooms; barn;
fine chicken-housee; water piped to house and
yard from Menlo Water Works; 10 minutes
from station; must be sold; best bargain ever
offered.
$1400—9 acres, near Menlo, gently rolling
ground, covered with fine oak trees; beautiful
location, facing on road; water piped to
ground; splendid building site: grand view;
rich Boil; must be sold this week: easy terms.
W. G. GRIFFITH,
Room 311, Hearst biuldlng. ■ Phone 1153.
FINE 10,000-acre stock ranch in Santa Clara
County; controls 6000 acrea adjoining; 175
good springs; 70 water-troughs; well fenced
and cross-fenced; native grasses to carry 1500
head of cattle; price $4 50 per acre; stock ex-
tra. For full information address
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery St., San
Francisco.
' TEN-ACRE tracts of fine fruit land near New-
castle, Nevada and Placer counties; finest
I-tartlett pear belt in California; over 2000
bearing fruit trees near by: no interest: no
taxes: $15 to $25 per acre. JACOB HEYMAN
& son, 19 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— l6o acres upward No. 1 land: rich
soil; level; no alkali; 2 tallies from railroad
station; on White River, Tulare Co.; crop
included; $12 50 ocr acre; title perfect. Ad-
dress box 323, Call.
26 ELMORA lots, 12 miles from San Luis
Obispo, on tract of new railroad, for sale or
exchange for cows, restaurant or other prop-
erty at a bargain. MRS. BUECHEL. 20 Ninth
st., San Francisco.
LAKE Co.— Stock, grain, fruit and poultry
ranches; Improved and unimproved: small
homes a specialty. C. H. BOLLES, Kelsey-
ville. ■
460 ACRES near Livermore; 4000 cords of wood;
springs; house: good road: cost $4500; sell for
$2300. SALSBURY. 902, Broadway.- Oakland.
MA FUN CO., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $S0 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27, Bth floor. Mills bldg.. S.F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1597-9S addie3s THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California st, 3. F.
I FOR rent or — Roadside house; 2 acres land,
stock, furniture . and fixtures; MUsion r0.i.1.
bet. Six and Seven Mile House. C. C. FISH-
ER, 624 Market st. room 3.
I FARM for sale— 7s acres good valley land; 13
acres timber and pasture: good buildings;
1 spring water at house; 4 miles south of St.
Helena, IVS miles- west of Rutherford; will
1 sell at a low price. Inquire at place. JOHN
J. BUCK; St. Helena P. O.
WANTED— For cash; ranches from 2 to 1000
acres. .H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
CASH, about $2800. will pay for house and lot,
; 6 or 7 rooms. W., box 267. Call office.
. ! FRUIT, grain and : .ock farms.
W. I). HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st. ,':
$5 TO $30 an acre: list free: crops sure. M.
-GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta County. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for o cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BELVEDERE RE\L ESTATE.
FOR sale— A bargain: one of the handsomest
residences on beautiful ■ Belvedere: 8 modern
rooms and large lot; fronting on both roads;
1-3 cash, bal. monthly. Box 313, Call office.
.. PROPERTY WASTED. -
i WANTED— To rent, with the privilege of buy-
Ing, from SO to 160 acre ranch; ■ share rent
I preferred. J. JACOBS, San Mateo, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley Properties.
Farming Lands. Farming Lands.
Rooms 15 and 16, second floor. Mills building,
San Francisco, or northwest cor. Broad-
way and Eighth sts., Oakland.
$2250-In San Francisco, on Nineteenth st.,
near Ca.'-tro-st. cars; elegant cottage, o rooms
and bath; cost $3560; will, take half, cash, bal-
ance lots.
$3500—2 cottages on northwest corner lot; good
location; will exchange for good building lot or
residence near Broadway and pay some- cash.
$5500, mortgage $2250— Fine large modern house
in East Oakland; lot 70x150; northwest corner;
1 block from electric cars; wants cottage, good
lot or Alameda County land.
Fine hotel in one of the best towns In Ala-
meda County; 33 rooms, all furnished; lot 175 x
245; first-class proposition; does a fine business;
$14,000 was refused for it 3 years ago; owner
going to Europe and will sell if taken at once
lor $7500.
$10,000— One of the best exchanges ever offered
for a ranch: northeast corner lot, 75x75; cov-
ered with stores and fiats; 1 block from Broad-
way; will take $3500 cash, balance quod im-
proved ranch or Al farming land.
$6500— Elegant home on Oakland Heights; lot
60x120; house of S rooms, bath, basement, attic;
all the very latest modern Improvements; fine
stable; cost owner $9500.
$4000— New house of 8 rooms, bath, laundry,
basement and all modern improvements; stable,
chicken yard; everything first-class; cost owner
$5500 within a year; only $1100 cash required.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley Properties.
Farming Lands. Farming Lands.
Rooms 15 and 18, second floor. Mills building.
San Francisco, or northwest cor. Broad-
way and Eighth sts., Oakland.
$2250— CHICKEN and fruit ranch. 4 acres, at
Fruitvale; easy terms. ALDEN CO.. 902
Broadway.
$ICOO— 2O-ACRE ranch; 2 hours' drive from Oak-
land; good for chickens or fruits, etc. AL-
DEN CO., 902 Broadway.
$1250— FlNE~bullding lot; 80x137; best part of
lVrnlta Heights; street work all done; lovely
view. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
$7500— LOVELY residence and grounds; one-
half exchange. ALDffN CO.. 902 Broadway.
$150— UPRIGHT piano for sale; also good safe
at $75. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
$10,000 TO loan on real estate, S per cent; also
$1000 on furniture and pianos, 1 per cent
month. ALDEN CO.. 902 Broadway.
$3250 — FURNISHED residence, 8 rooms; rents
$85 month; central; good Investment. AL-
-I>EN CO., 902 Broadway.
$600— COTTAGE. 5 r.ooms. etc.; lot 40x100; near
cars P. F. ALDEN CO.. 901 Broadway.
WE have good Oakland property to exchange
for San Francisco property. Call on E. K.
BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
13 acres in Oakland on high ground; fine
location; beautiful 10-room house, up-to-date;
few steps from electric Une; must sell ciulck.
10-room house few blocks from Central Bank:
sell at great sacrifice; half cash, balance on
mortgage; large lot; large list for sale and ex-
change.
E. E. BUNCE, SOS Broadway, Oakland.
$25 CASH, ?5 monthly till paid for, will buy 5
level lots and single dwelling; 250 fevt new
• fencing and shade trees; price $300 in all;
fine soil; grand view: excellent climate; lays
in tropical Fiuitvale Valley; settling up rap-
idly; streets all graded: main avenue ma-
cadamized; close to a fine boulevard; elec-
tric car lines and a fine large grammar school
house. Call Or send for circular, 4r>,"> Seventh
St.. n.iir Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
H. 7. JONES. OwnerV
\ BARGAIN— For sale; $600; 5-room cottage:
lot 3?,xlih. : North Oakland, cast of San Pablo
,-.\- ; choi> c acreatT" property also at a bar-
gain. Apply R. J. MONTGOMERY. "North .
Oakland Heal Estate Headquarters," 470
Thirteenth si., Oakland.
MODERN 6-room ™u;ik<?; Chestnut st. :
only $400 cash; balance $25 T,n per month on
mortgage; large lot. SALSBUftI", 902 Broad-
wuy, Oakland.
FINE modern residence of t room* liicated in
the Lakeside district ; large corner lot: near
railroad station; »ill be sold at a bargain.
Apply to J. 5. JOHNSON. m Broadway,
Oakland.
BARQAIN A choloa rorner lot, 3r»-foot front.
sewer, city water, convenient to local trains,
.•nly 5275. t«-rms tasy: fine de«-p lot, S6-foot
front, only $175; choice lot. 50x125 feet, only
IMO. JI. w. I'AVIS, !*O2 Broadway, Oakland.
NEW 5-room cottage, high basement, all mod- !
crn improvements and 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks: $300 j
down, balance same as rent. Field Realty j
Co., 1145 E: 14th et., nr. 23d aye., E. Oakland. ;
$6500— g< » >!> country hotel in AJaneda County; j
pays well and good,, reason for selllnu: a :
genuine bargain: terms half cash and balance ,
7 pft cent interest; 6 daily trains. ALDEN I
CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
BOKSES TO EXCUAXiK.
SOUND horse, 5 years old. suitable for dairy:
Wi rth $40; will trade for 4 young heifer
calves. C. F., Call office, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
MODERN house. S rooms; sunny; nice loca-
tion, furnished; good condition. 769 Btth st
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the '
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA MED A REAL ESTATE.
SNAP — $1000 cash, balance terms to suit; new
modern tf-room and bath colonnade house; 1
block to Park st. and 1 block to local; see
it at once. Address WM. P. TODD & CO.,
1060 Broadway, Oakland.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT
P.OOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, 6, 6, 7-room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500: easy Installments;
Just like paying rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSB & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda. and 630 Market
Bt., San Francisco. C;sen Sundays and holi-
days.
$."00— LOT 60x150: with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600- Lot 30x150; with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600 — Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3200 — Lot 43x135; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station; $500 cash and
enly $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1423 Park St.. Alameda.
$2000— HOUSE. 6 rooms and hath; street work
and sidewalk: $200 cash. $20 per month. J.
H YOUNG. Builder, 1143 Park, st.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
TO a small family, a furnished house for the
summer months: terms reasonable to desirable
party, noi Park aye.
ArjtME^DA~ROOMS AND BOARD.
home for ladies In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. '■ UNKE. 1416 Sth at.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
I '\\ N Y<>UR HOME.
Very desirable Berkeley lots at a great sac-
r I flee; charming location: houses built on
very liberal terms; monthly installments; no
greater tlmn rent: on electric line; 45 min-
\ites from San Francisco: 10 minutes to Oak-
land; 5 minutes from State University. Par-
ticulars call 11 a. in. to 1 p. m., JAMES
GAMBLE!, 230 Montgomery st., room 23, San
Francisco.
SEVERAL new houses now in course of 'in-
struction adjacent to University: any sized
lot. Call or address M. L. WURTS, Seven-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet in depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwight way station.
Cheapest choice property in Altimeda County.
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
MUST be sold within a week; 12 50-foot lots;
beautifully situated near the hUls; no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
! $1700— SEE this; parties leaving town: five (5)
room cottage, all furnished. Including piano;
lot 40x100; house and lot co.«t $2500.
TV. C. MORAN,
Lorln, Cal.
WANTEIV- To rent, comfortable cottage; lo-
cated east of Shattuek aye., bet. Berryman
and Dwight way stations. Address 2820 Bush
St., San Francisco.
$4100— FOR sale: in Berkeley; central business
property now paying 10 per cent; will always
improve. Address P. O. box 8, Lorln.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms for sale or exchange; all
new and modern; polished floors; a big bar-
gain. Call or address 2137 Dwight way.
FRUITVALE REAL. ESTATE.
WOO— HOUSE of 4 rooms . and high basement ! i
brick foundation; hothouse, stable, flue gar- j
den; corner lot: 3 blocks from local train.
$950— House of 5 rooms, 3 chicken houses; fine ;
well; large lot; all fenced; only 3 blocks from ;
Fruitvale station.
$1350— Extraordinary sacrifice, but must sell; ,1
fine modern 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath; '
fine mantel; large barn and chicken house; lot .
50x120; all fenced; $150 cash, balance same as '
rent.
$2250— House of 6 rooms and basement; fine -
well; beautiful shade and fruit trees; corner '
lot; 100x200; 2 blocks from Fruitvale aye.
$2500— Reduced from $3500; 3 acres well- Im-
proved fruit and chicken ranch; house of 7 -
rooms; barn and chicken hou6es; 2 wells, wind- I ■
mill and tank: fronting electric car line; only I '
1 mile from Fruitvale station.
Absolutely the choicest and coziest I,*- ]
story colonial style residence; 7 rooms; porce- I
lain bath; nickel plumbing; reception hall; fine \ .
mantel; rooms beautifully tinted and frescoed; ! <
large lot, splendid location; easy terms to right !
party; only 2 blocks from local train.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station, Cal. | I
$10 CASH, $2 50 per month, tor a good lot near '. ■
Fruitvale Station. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 , !
Market st., San Francisco. I
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
800 ACRES in Santa Clara, 250 acres tillable, ,
brings $60 to $70 pasture money, exchanged ,
- for property and a'*sume mortgage; #55 acres
near Stockton, 70 acres vineyard and orchard; .
20 acres in Lob Gatos; all for sale and. ex- <
change; we have fine list of ranches for sale
and exchange. EITEL & CO.. 1016 Market st.
HOUSES and lots from $200 to ...,...:$lO,OOO
Ranches from 2 to 1000 acres. $100 t0... ".520,000
500 business places from $50 to .*. $ 5,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., or 15 Eddy.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms; lot 50x150; fenced and
near Fruitvale, for small ranch 50 miles of j
San Francisco. Address box 326. Call office, _ \
HOL'SKS TO LET.
AN elegantly furnished modern house In Oak- :
• land, near narrow gauge, for rent from 3 to 6
months; rent reasonable; fine neighborhood.
Address 1355 Webster St., Oakland. i
A— lo-ROOM elegant house; reduced from $40
to $30; month free. SPECK & CO., 667 Market. ,
ELLIS, — Sunny -6 rooms and bath; rent *21. i
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED house of 7 rooms to rent; 2 blocks
from West End Station, San Rafael. Apply
303 California st., room 1, bet. 2 and 3 p. m. <
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms, bath, yard; cheap ;
to right party. 1410 Leavenworth st.
GOLDEN GATE, 1206— Sunny 10 rooms and
bath; rent $45. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 ■
Montgomery st.
GREENWICH, 902-1 house of 7 rooms and
bath: yard; rent $25.
HOUSE. 7 rooms, bath, large yard, $22 50. 2408
| . Folsom St., bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first.
MINNA, 521, in rear, bet. 6th and 7th— s-room •
house; $10 mo. Apply. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
POST, 762, near Leavenworth— Elegant 1 -
room dwelling for private family. A. M. ■
SPECK & CO., 667 Market et. "
SAN RAFAEL— To let, furnished house, 5 small '■
rooms, $17 50. P. O. box 143, San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL— Furnished house, 8 rooms and | .
! bath: rent $35. Address box 143, San Rafael.
SUNNY 9-room house at 26 Franklin St., half
a block from Market; fine for room renting;
cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
THE handsome residence, 814 Grove st., be-
tween Webster and.Flllmore, is now (or rent.
VALENCIA, 1218—6 rooms and bath; rent $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st. .
762 POST, 11 r -$75 1267 Ellis; 7 r $27
1839 Green, 9 r 35; 707 Ellis, 6 r 2."
1406 Golden G av,lo r 301969 Eddy, 8 r 25
2513 Octavla, 7 r.... 30 542 Howard, G r.... 20 i
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st. I
rillMMlKli HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight largo sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard. '
Apply on premises, CB5 Guerrero st.
4-ROOM sunny cottage, furnished complete for
housekeeping for 4 or 5 months. 3914 Twenty-
third st.. near Sanchez.
—^Mi ■— ~— -^ — — — — — — — — —
COTTAGES TO LET.
LOVELY Eaatlake cottages (nice), only $12,
at SPECK & CO.'S, 66? Market st.
I BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms. 1526 Dovisa-
dero st., near Sutter.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms arid bath; 407 Laurel Ft..
Presidio Heights; rent reasonable. MADISON
& BURKF.
COTTAGE of 5 roomp. bath, large yard and
stable: rent cheap. Inquire 1300 Florida St..
coiner Twenty-fifth.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, large basement: suitable
milkman or beer-bottling business; stable for
I 2 horses and barn. 91'< Capp st.
ERIE, 155, 140, bet. 13th and 14th, near FolEom—
Rent reasonable; sunny 5 and 4 rooms. Ap-
ply, on premises or MADISON 4 BURKE.
1 FOR $40; a sunny, comfortably furnished cot-
tage, 7 rooms, bath, stable, garden. Apply ;
from 12 to 6, 211S Union st.
I FOLSOM. — Cottage, 7 rooms, bath; large
yard; rent $20v JJ •<
TO let- 1429 Pjne St.; Swiss cottage, 7 rooms
and bath; large yard; rent $25.
TURK, 1562— Cottage of 4 rooms; also 3 rooms
rear: large stable: reasonable.
4 ROOMS and bath. 4 Metcalfe place, bet. Ma-
son and Taylor, off Geary. i
__________
FLATS TO LET.
— NICE clean flats' of 3 and 4 rooms, reduced :
from $12 to $10 and $8, at SPECK & CO.
A— NICE new flats reduced from $30 to $25. At '
SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market st.
AN elegant lower 7-room flat; sunny side; bath;
■ laundry. Key 71SA Bush st. ; 8 to 2 p. m.
AN elegant, brand-new cor. flat, 6 and 7ooms;
cheap. SE. cor. Golden Gate aye. and Lyon.
BUCHANAN. 906—4 rooms, bath, $14; 492 Fell,
6 sunny rooms, bath, $25.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms: bath; cheap. - ;•
CLAYTON, 874, south of Frederick—
lower flat; 4 rooms and bath; cheap.
CASTRO, 468, near 17th and Market— New mod- •
crn sunny double upper flat; stable; cheap.
ELEVENTH, 120— I nny flat, 5 nicely fur-
nished rooms; modern conveniences; landlord
going away for summer; must have secur-
ity ; rent $20.
FLAT of 4 rooms. 515 Thirteenth st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; stable, 4 stalls.
2702 Twentieth st., corner Hampshire.
FLAT — Four rooms and bath; all modern. ISOS
Eddy st., near Scott. j
FLAT of 3 sunny rooms, . hall and base- '■
ment; rent $9. 18 Sheridan st.
FRANKLIN, 715, near Golden Gate aye.— Up-
per- corner sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath. ' .
FURNISHED flat, 8 rooms and bath; sunny
corner; $40. ' 1706 Market St., GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON CO.
FULTON, 842— Sunny 6 rooms and bath; rent I
$25. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montg'my. j
GEARY. 2257— Handsomely furnished flat, 6.
rooms; bath; piano; sunny; modern; reason-
able. - ■
HAVES, 857%, near Fillmore— Nice clean sunny ■
flat, 3 rooms and bath; $9.
HOWARD, &2S— Sunny 5 rooms and bath; rent
$21. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgom-
• cry st. .-■. -■-
HYDE, 512— Parlor floor. 4 rooms; rent $23 60. -"
Apply to owner on premises.
LEAVENWORTH. Four-room sunny floor; i
bath: no children; $14. •
LEAVENWORTH, 1010, near California— Flat
of 3 large sunny rooms: entire floor.
LOVELY 6-room flat: sun all day; Bush Ter- •
race. Key 718 A Bush st.
LOWER flat, 4 rooms, bath; large yard; rent 1
$12. 3075 Twenty-fourth St., near Folsom.
MCALLISTER, 1723— Modern 7 rooms and bath-
j rent $25. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery st. '■ .
MODERN lower flat, 3316 Sacramento St.; 6
rooms and bath; must be rented. : MADISON
& BURKE.
MODERN flat of 5 rooms. 2111 Larkln st.
MODERN flat of 5 rooms and porcelain bath;
rent $15. 1909 McAllister st.
MODERN flat, 6 rooms; sunny. 3808 Seven-
teenth st. near Sanchez. . ;,' > ;;-■
NEW 'sonny bay-window flat for $11. 110
Valparaiso St., • between Taylor and Jones. I
OAK. 507— Stylish modern upper; - 7 rooms; ,
sunny;, key lot; -fine view. . ■ •
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow, $8, with kitchen; gas stove; $12.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get :
printed - list of . flats from BALDWIN & i
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
RAUSOH. 14— Five sunny rooms; 'cheap rent.
SACRAMENTO. 1361—3 ! rooms separate en-
trance; rent $12 50. ... . "
SUNNY upper flat, furnished, 6 rooms,- for 3 or :
4 months; rent low to right party. 3028*. J
Buchanan St., near Union. i
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
SUNNY, cozy flats, 3 to 6 rooms and bath;
very latest, improvements; rent $12 up. 156
Fourteenth st, near Howard, 11 to '3. ;* ■ -
SUNNY flat of 1 rooms;'' also one of 8. Corner
Haight and Lyon sts.
SIXTH, Nicely furnished sunny suite;
complete for housekeeping; $3 50 per week.
TO let— Austin st.: good location; lew sunny,
flats of 4 rooms each; rents $10. : •
TWENTY-THIRD, 4071 near Castro— Uppee
funny 5 rooms; $15.
697 Noe St.. corner Nineteenth: upper S
rooms- $17. .-■ .■ ■■....
4 SUNNY rooms; bath and yard. i:>>i Hattle
St.; $10; water free; cars pass door. <
4 ROOMS; modern improvements; fine marina
view; cheap rent to small family. 1133 Green.
$7 50— LOWER flat,- 4 rooms. Key grocery, cor-
ner Twenty-fourth and Florida sts. .
$8 50—UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden. aye.. near Laguna and Hayes sts.
$12— 4-ROOM flat. 1413 Guerrero St.. bet Twen«
: ty-slxth and Army.
$12— THREE sunny rooms; large yard. .21414
Eleventh st. . .
$13— COZY sunny lower flat, 4 room *>; • bath 1
yard. 22 Shotwell st. " ' ■ >
$14— UPPER corner lint, 8 rooms and bath. Key
grocery, corner 24th and Florida sts.
$15— MODERN sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath.
2664 Twenty-second st., near Bryant.
$25— NEW Si-room corner flat. Twentieth St.,
near Castro. ;; -\
$3T>— MODERN, almost new. flat of 8 rooms,
bath, attic and basement. 142S Cireen st., near
Van Ness: now being vacated.
i>«4 PINE: 7 r $451 431 4th aye.: 8 r....51«
979 Post; 8 r :. 45 720 Montg.' aye.: 6r 14
209 Webster; 7 r.... 2-jl 1C96 Page; 3 r 15
292S California: 7 r.. 80 { 522 Fell; 3 r 13
707 Stockton; 6 r 27 318 Ft Lobos ay; 5r 12
905 Powell; 6 r 25 271S McAllister; 4 r. 10
22144 Fillmore; 6 r.. 20 MB Jessie; 3 r 9
1109 Turk; 6 r 17 232 Natoma; 4 r 10
524 Fell; 6 r 19 70S Tehama: 4 r.... 10
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
IDIOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
$15—3 ROOMS, complete for housekeeping; nice
home; lovely flower garden; would tak«
charge of invalid. Address M. M. NURSE,
Station C, Postolflce, city.
CLAY, 1723, near Van Ness aye.— 2 rooms for
housekeeping, partly furnished or unfurnished.
DOLORES, 382, nr. 16th— Housekeeping rooms,
furnished for 2 people; nice cootartove; $5.
DOLORES, 1100— Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms; convenient; low rent; large grounds.
EDDY, 305— Large front furnished -Keep-
ing room; private family; rent reasonable.
ELLIS," 709— 2 or 3 finely furnished rooms: com-
plete for hskpg.; all conveniences; adults.
ERIE, 47, bet. 13th and 14th— 3 clean sunny con-
venient rooms; garden; rent $13.
FIFTH, 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpg rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FIFTH, 353— Clean furnished housekeeping. 3
connecting rooms. $13; also single, $4 up.
FELL, 4SO— 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
very convenient: adults. ' ■
FOLSOM, 870, nr. sth— Complete sunny house-
keeping rooms; double or single; rent cheap,
GOLDEN GATE aye., 402—3 sunny rooms, fur-
nished or unfur.; range; gas; water; cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1410— Finely furnished
floor; every convenience; sun; bath; yard.
GROVE, 104. cor. Polk— Several neatly furnshd.
hkpg. rms.; renovated; Incandescent lights.
. — — 1 «
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison—
sunny housekeeping rooms for 2; reasonable.
HOWARD. 649, near Third— Large front house-
keeping room.
HOWARD, 829— Suits, housekeeping, sunny;
rent $10, $12 month: also other rooms.
HOWARD, 1068— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete: all conveniences; $1 25 per week up.
HOWARD, Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms: rent very reasonable.
331 KEARNY. near Pine — Furnished rooms
suitable for housekeeping.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range: bath.
MARKET, 1028, opp. Fifth— Large sunny front
room and kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MARKET. 1523%— Double parlors; piano; no
children; $13.
MARKET, 1724—2 large complete housekeeping
rooms to neat couple; private family.
MCALLISTER. 519— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; laundry; yard; also single.
MCALLISTER, i ■'.'■• -1 or 2 sunny rooms and
kitchen; running water; large closet; gas; $10.
MINNA. Two sunny furnished front house-
keeping rooms: very cheap.
MINNA, 11l 1 *, near Second — Furnished house-
keeping bay-window suite, with piano, $2 wlc.
MINNA, 539— Large front sunny room, fur-
nished for light housekeeping, 1 or 2 people.
MINNA, 546, near Sixth— Furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard.
MINNA, 595 — Large sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent very cheap.
MINNA, 550— A large sunny room; complete for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
MISSION. 172fi'4, near 13th— sunny furnished
connecting housekeeping rooms; bath; laun-
dry: stove; $8.
MISSION, 2251— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also single; hot and cold water.
NATOMA. 606, nr. Seventh— rooms, with sink,
newly furnished for housekeeping; renl $5.
NINTH, 2ft. near Market — 2 sunny connecting:
rms. for hskpg, $10; single, $6; stove; water.
NINTH. 21— Sunny suite of rooms, furnished for
light housekeeping; running water; stove.
OAK, 111 — 3 or 4 sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished; rent reasonable.
OAK, 117—2 sunny furnished " complete house-
keeping rooms, $12; also 1 room $S and 1 $5.
OCTAVIA, 309— Nice sunny furnished floor of 3
rooms and kitchen; bath, gas, yard; reasonbl.
ONE large sunny room, complete for house-
keeping, $1 25 per week, $4 50 per month. Ap-
ply at shoestore, 562 Mission St., between
First and Second streets.
PERRY, 174—2 nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
sink; hot and cold water; bath.
POWELL, 143—3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
hot and cold water bath attached.
POWELL, 1401 — Large sunny bay-window
room, with or without kitchen; single.
RONDELL place 21, off. Sixteenth, near Va-
lencia—Furnished, unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hot and cold water.
SCOTT. 113—2 large front sunny rooms for
housekeeping: private.
SEVENTH, 3— Nice sunny ' homelike house-
keeping rooms.
SHIPLEY, Furnished room for light house-
keeping; also single; 75c to $1 25 per week.
SHOTWELL. 121— Very large sunny furnished
room, 2 large closets and bath, light house-
keeping, $5; sunny furnished front room,
large closet, bath, rent $3 50.
SHOTWELL. 708—1 large sunny furnished
housekeeping room; stable if desired.
SIXTH. 393. corner Harrison— housekeep-
ing rooms; rent reasonable. ■■
SIXTH, 420— Furnished housekeeping rooms (
- also parlor suite; bath; quiet house.
SOUTH PARK, 184—3 furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, $!!•_
STEVENSON, 642, between Seventh and Eighth
—2 furnished sunny front rooms; light house-
. keeping if desired: bath: central.
STOCKTON. Nicely furnished rooms for
■ housekeeping: rent cheap. -j
SUTTER, VB— Pleasant sunny rooms for house-
keeping; also for lodging.
TAYLOR, 10S— Sunny housekeeping rooms; also
. . back parlor. • ' •
TEHAMA, 478. near Sixth— Five sunny fur-
j nished housekeeping rooms, $15." ' _
TENTH, 136, near Mission— Front sunny house-
keeping rooms; also single.'
TWENTY SIXTH. 3367. nr. Mission— 2 larg»
, front ■ furnished connecting housekeeping
rooms; running water; $10.
VALENCIA, . 293. cor. Sunny connecting
furnished. or unfur. rooms: running water.
VAN NESS aye., 400—3 well furnished sunny
rooms; corner; regular kitchen;, front and
back garden: reasonable. _J
VAN NESS aye., 518— Nice sunny furnished
. rooms for housekeeping. .
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front suite, 3 or
more rooms; kitchen: gas range.
ZOE, 31. -near Third . and Bryant— Furnished
housekeeping rooms; cheap. ■
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. IST Kearny St.— Pleasant
Bunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
• Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, »0c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO,
AT SUTTER, Very choice, sunny, new,
reasonable; appreciated if seen; Investigate.
Additional Classified Advertisements
• on Page 14.
1314
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
A -THE \VALDORF~2rFlfth~Bt~New7"aunny
oorner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suite*.
single; facing plaza; day or month.
ASH aye.. 220— Nice sunny front room, with
bath; cheap.
A— $4 PER .nth; nice sunny room. 3
Seventh st
13URNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nli-h.'d rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 421, nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand; $1 up.
BUSH. 616, near Powell— Sunny suite, usa of
kitchen; ali>o single rooms.
CARKOLTOX, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 807, nr. Tayloi — Nice large well fur-
nished front room; Ist floor; also others; reas.
EDDY. U2 Three unfurnished rooms and yard;
rent $8.
J-XI-IS. .121— Ru«edale House — Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house in the city.
ELLIS. 597. nr. Hyde— Suite of front rooms for ;
light housekeeping, $¥3; also 2 single, $■'. $7.
ELLIS. 639, corner Lurkin— Sunny; bay-window;
mantel; ga;-: alto room, folding bed. JlO.
ELLIS, 607— Newly furnished rooms with first-
class table bnarJ, $5 week; phone and bath.
ELLIS, 720— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
double or single; reasonable.
PULTON, 116, near Polk— Neatly furnished sin-
gle rooms; $4 UP. i
GEARY, 14A, opposite Call building— Single
room: running water; $1 £.0 per week.
GEARY, 364. The Clyde— Sunny front rooms,
500 to 51 per night; $1 DO to J6 per week.
GEARY. 556— Sunny front and back parlor; 3rst
floor; piano; phone; others for light housekpg.
GLEN PARK, 30. bet. Mission and Howard,
off Twelfth— Most attractive avenue In city;
sunny front room.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. -Sunny furnished
rooms, suite or single.
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and |
t-lngle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, !.■ 109, I%, block from City Hall— Bay-
window double front room; $8 and JlO. .
IIANCOCK House. 7SI Mission-Select family
rooming house; Jl 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 313 Sntter— Opened under
new management Ap. 1; elegant sunny suites;
sinsle rooms; most central i art city; elevator.
HOWARD, 7til'i— Nicely furnished, sunny bay-
window room; other double or single rooms.
HYDE. 111S— Furnished rooms; with or without
board.
JONES, 117— Single sunny front room; M.
KEARNY, 104— Front suite; two unfurnished
rooms: $10.
KEARNY. 209, .3— Newly furn. Funny rooms
from Jl 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
LARGE furnished front room; gas: grate; }-.
tn lady or cuuple: Kearny St.. near butter;
<j'il«-t house; references. Box i#s. Call.
LEAVENWORTH, 109 — 2 sunny furnished
rooms; double and single; reasonable.
LARK ! N. SCH— Small sunny room, neatly fur-
nished. J4.
MASON, 1923, near Filbert— Bunny furnished
room; rent cheap.
MASON, 1134— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; new flat; latest improvements; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 651— Newly furnished room suit-
able for - gentlemen: private family; cheap.
MINNA. 342— Furnifhed rooms to let; also 2 un-
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
MINNA, G£7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished,
bay-window room, Jl per week: transient.
MISSION, S33— Nice, clean furnished - ins, Jl
a week.
MISSION. 1220 — Large sunny room, suitable for
2. running water; grate: reasonable.
isTATOMA, 252 1 / S . near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
rooms; 2 closets.
SciNETEKNTH. 4059. near Castro— 4 unfur-
nlshed connecting rooms; bay window; bed.
O'FARRELL" ".'O— Sunny furnished rooms; el»-
-vatcr: electric lights: .lay. week or month.
O'FARRELL. 271— Elegant modern sunny
rnnnis, lite and Bingle; convenient; reason-
able.
O'FARRELL. 427 — Handsomely furnished
rooms: hot and cold water.
O'FARRELL, Ci'J— Pleasant sunny rooms; new,
modern house.
O'FARRELL, 904, near Polk— l or 2 large
rms.: sunny side; gas; use of bath; rent reas.
OAK. !86- Large furnished front room for .1 or
2; gas: bath; private family; cheap.
FOLK. 1602— One or two unfurnished rooms or
furnished front room with closet, J5.
POWELL, 17, Ellis and Market cars— 2 prettily
furn. front rniß. ; connected or single; cheap.
I'OWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
lisht; reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; room per night. 35c to $1 60;
week. $- to $8: month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat; baths.
EECOND, E2A— Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTH, I^2— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites; also housekeeping:.
FKVENTH, 229— Bunny front furnished room;
$4 50.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms:
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
f-TMNEU, 2 1 2, off Howard, near Eighth— Sunny
furnished front room; private family; J5 mo.
TAYLOR, r3, bet! Turk ami Eddy Cleanly
furnished rooms; also others for housekeeping.
TAYLOR. 407— Large sunny front room, with
bath; suitable for two.
TEHAMA,' 3, near First— Four nice sunny
rooms; near 3 lines of cars; rent low.
THIRD. 304, corner Folaom— Furnished corner
suite for dentist or physician; brick build-
ing; housekeeping rooms cheap.
TURK, 42"4, and 102 Taylor— Desirable sunny
rooms; also 1 corner bay-window room for 2.
TURK, 127— Room for man and wife; single
rooms from J3 to $5 a month.
TWELFTH, 4— Nice sunny furnished side front
room in Drivate family.
TWO desirable rooms in choice location; only
those willing to pay for these advantages. J.
\v box 319. Call office.
VAN NESS aye., 904— Elegantly furnished al-
cove suite; also single room: large closets;
running water; gas; bath; private family;
reasonable.
V A WEEK— Large, sunny single room; closet;
bath; private. 322 Fifth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tie
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
BUAKJDUtG .•> Mi ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA, 807, "The BlnglTam"-^JaliforTila
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts.
FIRST. 416— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
FRANKLIN, i; Mi' Private family; laige sunny
room, with board; quiet home; reasonable.
HILL, 12 l i— Large sunny front bay-window
room; also 2 others; board reasonable; private.
HOTEL Deniston, corner Twenty-first and Va-
lencia sts. — Choice location; sunny rooms; ex-
cellent table; suites with board, $30 and up.
HOTEL Sutherland, 791 Butter — Elegantly fur-
nished; first-class In every respect; table un-
surpassed: elevator; suites with board, $50 up.
A PLEASANT HOME for tourists— 279 North
First St., San Jose, Cal.; centrally located,
near broad-gauge depot; service first class.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, J25; double, 120.
O'FARRELL, B4— Elegant large furnished
rooms and suite, with or without board.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single rooms; excellent board.
PUTTER. 112S— Ix>valy home; Funny rooms;
overlooking garden; home cooking.
THE Long-worth, T. 22 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished; single rma.; table board.
RESTAURANTS.
HESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant. 44-58-68 Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners, 250; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
LOMBAJtDI'S French' dinner, *6e; 10 a. m. to S
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
WE&TERFELDTS Restaurant, coffee and lee
cream parlor. 1 ( W. Market.: poriulnr prices.
OFFICES TO LET..
OFFICE— Light and sunny; Emma , Spreckels
t building, 927 Market St.; rent *12 SO; light,
hr-at, Janitor and telephone Included. - ASH-
TON & GARDINER, room 210.
POWELL, 123— Elegantly appointed rooms fop
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates; aleo furnished apartments.
POWELL, 148— Furnished office; good loca-
tion; occupied by doctor lor 7 years.
rilll.l.KK BOARDED.
GOOD home for children, JS: infants. $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO 1...V.
~T7rrrT!TT!7s!JALL BRICK STORE
New, and near Fourth and Market sts.; with
2 rooms attached. Nos. 259-261 Stevenson St.;
rent J3O. :
CORNER Twenty-third and Guerrero sts.;
store and 3 rooms; concrete basement.
STORE with 4 living rooms; rent cheap. 1909
McAllister st^
GEARY, 417, near Mason— Half of store to let.
Inquire at candy store.
TO let or lease, as a whole or In part, store
building 60x64, with concrete basement 50x
72; Haight, near Fillmore. Inquire 91S Fell.
3 FINE new stores on Seventh St., corner Min-
na, with 2 living rooms back of each. By
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine st.
STORE. Twenty-second and Castro; new build-
ing; fixtures for groceries and saloon. Key
at 1254 Mission st.
STORE fixtures, showcases, suitable for branch
bakery, notions; 4 living rooms; cheap. IMS
K. is.'m st. - -
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. IUTI4 Market St., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; oi^en evenings.
MEDICAL.
LADIES— If you suffer from irregularities, ob-
structions or weakness, why submit to meth-
ods which are painful and dangerous, or take
drugs which only irritate, but never cure?
Don't despair until you read "Plain Talk to
Women on Avoided Subjects." Explains all
women ought to know; full particulars about
vaginal and uterine wafers; cure in 24 hours.
Don't delay; send at once for book and symp-
tom blank; mailed free on receipt of 4c In
stamps in plain envelope, or consult us free at
office. DR. ROUXEL. ME Market St.; hours,
12-4 and 7-8 p. m., Sundays excluded.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend: a home for patients, with
even* comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, J5; no instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkln; office hours, 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
canes of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
J5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con.
suiting the doctor, free. before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, SM2 Post Bt.. bet-
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to S
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and ' 2 to 4p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical
science for female troubles, from whatever
caused, which saves great trouble and misery:
every woman her own physician, always ana
at any time, no matter how long standing;
travelers helped, at once; absolutely safe;
cure, $5; always restores In one day and pre-
vents disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free. The well-known, celebrated specialist
and ladies' physician, practiced for 3" years,
DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny st.
ALL ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
P0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1223 Market et.;
pills, Jl; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT fhat restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, J5; travelers helped in-
stantly : consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market Bt.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to S p. m. ; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A-DR. G W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free, Call or write. lO".'- 1 . Market St. ;
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free:
well known, reliable, safe and sure: cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills. Jl; cure,
V: 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
LADIES— i '. tester* a English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best. safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Gold»n Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod-
erate: regular physician in 'tendance; con-
sultation free: infants adooted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., Pan Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
best of care. 852 Castro, cor. 7th, Oakland.
ALL married ladies know "Peguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 408 Clay
st.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. "21 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger'; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MASSAGE given by nurse. ROGERS, 1520
Geary st. Hours, 9to 6.
PRIVATE h me in confinement; best refa.;
1540H Howard. Mrs. M. Wiedemann. midwife.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, HIS Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;Js up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human b<«iy. 11." Mason St.
MONEY TO LOAN.
TO LEND. SUMS FROM JSOO TO 100. at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by Install-
ments.
Money loaned on PATENTS. INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DEVELOP
AND PERFECT SAME. R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as ltmg as you de-
sire; avoid red tare and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-63. Donohoe bid*;., 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. .1.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023' Mission at., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at £% per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgagee, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin. Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on -urnlture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bids.. 130 Powell st.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlBslon: private. T.ICK. 116 McAllister st
MONEY WANTED.
Jl5OO WANTED 1 year on indorsed on Joint
note with party worth $100,050: will pay good
interest. Box 120, Call office.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER. 26 Battery st.
MONEY to loan— estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tf-'s. etc. Harper *■ Kreiger.3l2 Examiner big.
CARPET CLEANING] ~
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning W^rks^CleansT
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet- I
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. is. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st :
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
463 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard* laid at 3c
BTRATTON'S 3 Eighth St.; tel, Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning So per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 128.
STORAGE.
DON'T store In cellars. See O. M. JUDSON
& CO., 1123 Howard st. : advanc.es made.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE A TAYLOR Storage Company: pack-
ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
THE BAK FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
TO LEASE.
COUNTRY HOME TO LEASE—
In the hills. 900 feet elevation, 5 miles west of
Stanford University, overlooking Santa Clara
Valley; delightful climate; comfortable resi-
dence of 15 rooms, furnished or not; has hot
and cold water; 25 acres of land well laid out.
In grass, Bowers and fruit, including 1400 fruit
trees; with barn, stable, outhouse, etc.; good
road and trail through redwood forest; must
be seen to be appreciated; will be leased to a
desirable tenant on reasonable terms on ac-
count of owner's intended absence. For terms
etc., apply to JOHN H. GILMORE, 321 Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco.
E27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subserip-
tlons and want arta taken.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS f|
To Print, Publish and Distribute the De-
linquent Tax List for IS9S.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2G26
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis- '
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re- j
ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON '
May 8, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the j
printing, publishing and distributing of
the delinquent tax list for the year 1898,
to contain the names of the persons and
a description of the property delinquent
and the amount of taxes and costs due
opposite each name, and a notice unless
the taxes delinquent, together with the
costs and percentage, are paid, the prop-
erty upon which said taxes are a lien
will be sold at public auction. Such
publication to be made and thoroughly
distributed on a business day, at least
! once in each week, for three successive
weeks, in a pamphlet fo*m as a supple-
ment to a daily newspaper of general cir-
culation, published in the city and
county of San Francisco, in the
English language, and said supple-
ment must be sent and distrib-
uted on the days specified with every
.number of the paper issued and distrib-
uted, by carriers, by mail or otherwise
The first issued to be so distributed on or
before the first day of June. 1599, and the
others weekly thereafter, and to desig-
nate the time and place of sale and in all
respects conform to the provisions of the
Political Code and to be done under the
direction and to the satisfaction of Ed-
ward I. Sheehan, Tax Collector of said
City and County; also, to leave at the Tax
Collector's office not less than one thou-
sand (1000) copies of each issue before any
demand on the Treasury therefor wifl
be approved. Within one week after the
first publication of said list fifty (50)
copies thereof, printed upon one side only
of a quality of paper which can be written
upon with ink, to be satisfactory to said
Tax Collector, to be delivered at his office
for use in the office. Also fifty (50) cloth-
bound copies, interleaved, to be delivered
to the Tax Collector's office within 'two
weeks after the first publication.
The Tax Collector must have the privi-
lege at any and all times during the exe-
cution of the said contract of witnessing
the same and giving instructions relative
thereto, either personally or .through hi 3
chief deputy, or any deputy he may desig-
nate. • . . *
All proofs must be read and submitted
for correction as follows:
First— must be first read by cony
and corrected by the printer.
Second— Submitted in slips to the Tax
! Collector for correction.
Third— Revise to be submitted to and
passed upon by the Tax Collector, or his
chief deputy, or deputy; if corrections or
alterations are made by said Tax Collec-
tor or his chief deputy, or deputy, a cor- I
rected revise must be presented to and ;
approved by him prior to the form being
struck off, and as the work progresses
when a form is struck off a copy of the
same to be filed with said Tax Collector
Payment to be made as hereinafter pro-
vided, and the bill presented to be veri-
fied by the affidavit of a proper and re-
sponsible person acceptable to the Com-
mittee on Printing and Salaries of the
Board of Supervisors, said affidavit to be
made before a notary public in and for
the said City and County, and to set
forth that the contract for printing, pub-
lishing and. distributing the Delinquent
Tax List for the year IS9S, has been fully
and faithfully executed and accomplished
in Bfrict conformity to arid with these
specifications.
The contractor or contractors will re-
ceive a demand upon the Treasury of the
said City and County for the payment of
the contract price in United States gold
coin, when satisfactory evidence is fur-
nished the said Committee on Printing
and Salaries that the Bald contract has'
been fully and faithfully executed and ac-
complished In conformity therewith.
A bond in the sum it rot less than ten i
thousand ($10,000) dollars, and with as '
many sureties as the Committee on Print-
ing and Salaries of the Board of Super- j
visors may elect to require for the faith-
ful execution of said contract must be
given.
Bidders will estimate with the distinct
understanding that the Supplemental De-
linquent Tax List, if any, shall be pub-
lished for not less than one week, and
that the price to be paid for each assess-
ment on the said Supplemental Delinquent
Tax List, shall be not more than twice
the amount bid for each assessment on
the Delinquent List.
The space occupied by prefatory notices,
remarks and explanatory matter will be
paid for per one thousand ems pro rata
wth the average matter in said list. . Said
extra matter and pro rata to be com-
puted by an expert to ne appointed by the
Bald Committee on Printing and Salaries
of the Board of Supervisors.
In style and general character said De-
i linquent Tax List must -übstantially con-
form to and with the list hereunto at-
tached of last year.
Each proposal for printing, publishing
and distributing such list must state: '
First— The name of the daily newspaper
published in said City and County in
which it is proposed to so publish such
list.
Second— price to he charged for'
each assessment, whether of real estate,
personal property or poll tax.
Third— The names of the sureties to be
offered In event of receiving the award
herein.
Each proposal must contain or have at-
tached thereto a sample of not less than
thirty lines of such real estate matter and
personal property matter upon the qual-
ity of paper to be used.
The party to whom this contract la
awarded will be required, prior to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice
In three daily newspapers, and to also
pay the' cost of the publication In the of-
ficial newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing him the contract.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids, and will demand good and suf-
ficient bonds in the sum of ten thousand
($10,900.00) dollars for the faithful per-
formance of the contract.
Proposals to be indorsed "Publishing
Delinquent Tax List."
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— la
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1599. the Bakersfield and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed its application in writing
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the I3th
day of April, 1899, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question. It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution' was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged.
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the tiling of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in 6ome newspaper
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days
Therefore, all persons having any interest in
the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file In my office, on or befors
the 22d day of May, 1899, any. and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
eald petition.
In testimony whereof. I have hereunto s*t my
hand and the official seal of said court this
the 17th »day of April, 1839.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON. . " 7.
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Officlo Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and . County ; Treasury, San Francisco.
April 14. IS93— ln compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 159S of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15, ISSO.
also In accordance with an act of the Stato
Legislature, approved March 16, 1872. there
Will be sold nt public auction by E. S. Spear
& Co.. at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
«., on MONDAY. May 18. 1899, at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police fores
of San Francisco, as detailed In an Inventory
thereof on •file In the office of the Clerk of
• the Board of Supervisors, and • consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
•tc, property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county. |
Open for Inspection on morning of gale.
I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treagurw.
A WEEK'S news for I cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, Jl per year.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
.Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Car! Pappenfuss and Acnes Pieper..... 49-45
Henry I: Walter and Katie Lucy. 21-19
E. R. Fletcher and Marie F. Schaertzer....2l-lS
John Corich and Julia C. Plette 39-26
Harry M. Campe and Annie J. Hoffmann. .B4-24
Charles Pflpiver and Hattie M. Whipple.... 29-27
Ant.-no J. Borgea and Agustlna de Souza. .2o-20
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSr"
Birth, marriage and death notices, sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the Dubllcatlon offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BLACK— In this city, April 14, 1599. to the wife
of A. P. Black, a daughter.
BUSH— In this city, April 21, 1899. to the wife
of H. R. Bush, a daughter.
CAIRNS— In this city, April 28, 1599, to the
wife of Alex Cairns, a daughter.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, April 20. 1899, to
I the wife of M. J. Cunningham, a daughter.
I DOUGLAS— Vallejo, Cal., April 27, 1899, to
the wife of C. A. Douglas, a daughter.
1 DREES— this city, April 2S, 1599, to the wife
I of Herman A. l>rees, a son.
GRAHAM— In Honolulu. H. 1., April 19. 1899,
to the wife of Chalmers A. Graham, a daugh-
ter.
HAHN— In this city, April 19, 1899, to the wife
of Henry R. Hahn, a son.
HEALY— In this city, April 19. 1899, to the
wife of Robert F. Healy, a daughter.
KAYSER— this city, April 25. 1899, to the
wife of George Kayser, a son.
LEISHMAN—In this city, April IS, 1899, to the
wife of William Lelshman, a daughter.
MCCARTHY— In this city, April 19, 1599, to the
wife of John McCarthy, a son.
MACKINTOSH— Jn this city. April 12, 1593, to
the wife of William C. Mackintosh, a daugh-
ter.
MEIER— this city, April 24, 1599, to the wife
of Andrew Meier, a son.
O'CONNOR— this city. April 26, 1899, to the
Wife of James O'Connor, a son.
REED— In this city, April 15, 1599, to the wife
of William L. Reed, a son.
SALZMANN— In this city, April 28, 1899, to the
wife of Peter Salzmann, a daughter.
SPINNER— In this city. April 24, 1899. to the
wife of C. F. Spinner, a son.
STACEY— In Oakland, April 29. 1899, to the
wife of William A. Stacey, a son.
TAURECK— In this city, April 25, 1899. to the
wife of J. W. Taureck, a son.
TAYLOR— In this city, April 27', 1899, to the
wife of George Taylor, a son.
MARRIED.
ALFERITZ-SPOSITO— In this city, April 19,
1899, by the Rev. Dr. HemphiU, George C.
Alferitz and Chincie A. Sposito.
FAIRGRIEVE-MITCHKUS— this city, April
25, 1899, by the Rev. Alexander Carson, An-
drew Donaldson Fairerleve and Nellie May
Mitchkus.
HOWARD- SCOTT— In this city, April 22. 1899,
by Justice of the Peace Thomas F. Dunn,
Arthur W. Howard and Minnie O. Scott, both
of San Francisco.
___
DIED. ~
: Bradbury, Harry W. Lemmer, Appolonia
Callan, Rose A. Lynch, Mary E.
Clarke. Edward McCoy, Etta J.
Cole. William McKenzle. Mary A.
Cullim. Ann McLeod, Mary H.
Donnelly. Mary A. Madden, Edward
Emery, Annie J. Mendelsohn, David
Fine. Constantino Moe, Ralph M.
Gompertz, Paul J. Mullaney, Mary
Grafe, Joseph Neuschwander. R. G.
Herrgott, Peter ■.■Her, Arthur A.
Irving, Maria T. t-tover. Leonard N.
Jardine, Alexander Wallburg. George G.
Kellermann, August Warringholz, Rlemer
BRADBURY— In this city, April 27. I*o9, Harry
W. Bradbury, beloved son of Mrs. C. F. An-
drews, brother of Mrs. Lily Jordan, Mrs.
Llnnle Getz, Walter L. Bradbury and Ruby
Andrews, and nephew of W. B. Bradbury,
a native of California, aged 21 years 4 months
and 12 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 272 Lexington avenue, between
Nineteenth an.l Twentieth streets. Inter-
. roent Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CALLAN— In Kelsey. Cal., April 24. 1899, Rose
A. Callan, a native of California, aged 42
years and 7 months.
CLARKE— In this city, April 29. 1899. Edward,
beloved husband of Nellie Clarke, and father
of the late Josephine Mary Clarke, a native
of Canada, aged 37 years.
COLE— In this city. April 28, 1899. William
Cole, beloved son of the late Mary D. Smiley,
and brother of Mrs. James 11. Roxburgh, a
native of California, aged 34 years and 10
days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:40 o'clock from the resi-
dence of his brother-in-law. James H. Rox-
burgh, 4"4 Church street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services at ! o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CULLIM— In this city, April 28, 1&99, Ann.
beloved wife of Michael Cullim. and mother
of Mrs. Thomas Hunt and Bernard J. and
the late Thomas P. Cullim, a native of County
Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 70 years.
DONNELLY in this city, April 27. 1889, Mary
Amu Donnelly, beloved wife of the late John
F. Donnelly, and beloved sister of P. A. and
the late 3 H. O'Brien, a native of Boston,
Mass. A member of the Third Order of St.
Francis.
FYlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Gantner & Guntz, S and 10 City
Hall square, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
Gulden Gate avenue, near Jones street,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
EMERY— In this city. April 29, 1899, Annie J.,
beloved wife of the late William E. Emery,
and mother of Ruth. Eugene, Arthur and
Harold Emery, a native of San Francisco,
aged £7 years 1 month and 11 days. -„ ■
FINE— In this city, April 2S, 1899, Constantino,
son of Adolph and Nellie Fine, and brother
Of Alice, Martha and Annie Fine, a native of
San Francisco, ace.l 3 years and 1 month.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 43 Minna street, thence to the
Russian Church, Powell street, between
Union and Filbert streets, where services will
be held. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
GOMPERTZ— ApriI 24. 1899, in battle, at Colum-
pit, P. 1., Paul J., beloved son of Albert and
Mathllde Gompertz, and brother of Carl,
Hugo. Herman. Elsa and Ally Gompertz. a
native of Germany, aged 22 years and 6
months.
GRAFE— In this city, April 27, 1*99, Joseph.
beloved husband of Gesslne Grafe, and
brother-in-law of John Meierdlerks. a native I
of West f: Germany, aged 4S years 10
months anil 19 days. A member of San Fran-
cisco Schuetzen Verein, Germanla Lodge No.
1718, K. of H.. and Hermann Stamm No. 224.
U. O. R. M.
E7"Frlen<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from California Hall.
620 Bush street. Cremation I. O. O. F. Crema-
tory. Remains at funeral parlors of li. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
HERRGOTT— In this city, April 23, 1889, Peter,
J beloved son of Alx. P. Herrgott, and brother
of Charles, Adolph and Justin Herrgott and
Mrs. Adelia Harkwlns, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 29 years 7 months and 11 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
May 2, 1399. at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. U. Metzler, C 36 Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
IRVING— In this city, April 27, 1899, Maria
Terrisa, beloved wife of James Irving, and
mother of John, Robert. George and Walter
Irving, a native of Quebec, Canada, aged 55
years.
tCs*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 20 Vicksburg street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery,
JARDINE— I'n this city. April 27, 1599. Alex-
ander T., husband of the late Elizabeth A.
'Jardine, and father of Joseph J. Jardine, a
native of England, aged 76 years.
IETThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
Of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' .
KELLERMANN— this city. April 29, 1599,
August Kellermann, a native of Germany,
aged 64 years.
Friends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LEMMER— In this city, April 28, 1899, Appolo-
nla, wife of the late Conrad Lemmer, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 77 years.
E7Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from Emmanuel Church of the Evan-
gelical Association, Twelfth street, between
Market and Mission. Interment private.
-LYNCH— Iji this city, April 28, 1899, Mary
Elizabeth, beloved wife of George F. Lynch.
daughter of Margaret and the late Thomas
Shomate of Kernville, Kern ■ County, Cal.,
and niece of John Driscoll of San Francisco,
a native of San Jose, aged 29 years and 1
month.
H^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 411 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
lick's Church for services. ' Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MINERVA PARLOR No. 2, N. D.' G. W.—
ters: You are notified to attend the funeral
services of our late sister, Mrs. Mary Lynch,
from 411 Natoma street, this day (Sunday),
at 1 o'clock sharp. By order
KATE CURRAN. President.
ANNIE L. DONALDSON. "Secretary.
McCOY— In Berkeley. April 29, 1599, Etta J..
beloved wife of Henry J. McCoy, general sec-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3I
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School*
Ttlophont South M* :.- . w
retary of the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation of San Francisco, and mother of
Mab>'l A. McCoy, a native of Thomaston, Me.,
aged SI years and 6 months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Trinity M. E.
Church, Alston way and Fulton street, Berke-
ley (Berkeley station). Friends from the city
Will tak.' the 1 o'clock"boat. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
McKENZIE— In this city, April 28, 1599, Mary
Agnes, beloved daughter of George Lee and
Mary McKenzie, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 years 7 months and 16 days.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 946 Bryant street. Interment Holy
Cemetery.
MoLEOD— In this city, April 29, 1899, Mary E..
dearly beloved daughter of Robert F. and
Xorah McLeod, and sister of Frank, Carrie.
Robert und the late George, Ella. Gertie and
Edward McLeod, a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years 4 months and 16 days.
MADDEN— In this city. April 2S, 1599. Edward,
beloved son of Jane and the late Thomas
Madden, and brother of John, James, Thomas
and William Madden and Mrs. A. Reck, a
native of San Francisco, aged 25 years 4
months and 'Zi days.
(C3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his sister. Mrs. A. Reck, 14Vj Decatur street,
off Bryant, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Muunt Calvary Cemetery.
MENDELSOHN— In this city, April 28. 1599,
David Mendelsohn, beloved brother of Mrs.
S.. Cahn and Mrs. A. Newfleld, Mrs. Horowitz
of Russia and Mr. Solomon Mendelsohn of
Melbourne, Australia, a native of Mitau,
Kussla, aged 68 years.
[CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday)/ at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 209 Central avenue, near Oak street.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and TownsenU
etr"ets.
MOE— In Oakland, April 29, 1899, Ralph M..
only and beloved son of Martin S. and Maren
Moe, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months.
MVLLAN'KY- In this city, at the Kings'
Daughters' Home, April 28, 1599. Mary Mul-
lant'V, dearly beloved mother of Dorenda and
.lames Mullaney of New York and the late
Mrs. Nellie Hayes Heffernan and Mrs. Mary
Barker, a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
tT^FriendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
Ualsted & Co.. 946 Mission street? interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
NKI srHWANDER- In this city, April 28. 1899,
Rudolph G., dearly beloved husband of Cath-
arine Neuschwander, beloved father of Mrs.
W. F. Schrader, and brother of Mrs. J. R.
Steiner of Santa Rosa, a native of Hunigen,
Canton Berne. .Switzerland, aged 62 years 2
months and 10 days. A member of the San
Francisco Grutll Vereln.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from St. PanlUß Ger-
man Evangelical Lutheran Church, corner of
Eddy and Guugh streets, where services will
be held. Please omit flowers.
SPINDLEE— In this city. April 28, 1599. Arthur
A., oldest and beloved son of Amelia and
Jacob Spindler, and brother nt Fred and Ju-
lius Splndler, Mrs. F. Hlngsbergan and Mrs.
1\ Stephens, a native of San Francisco, aged
32 years 7 months and 23 days.
{T7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from tfie residence
of his parents, 57 Harriet street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STOVKK— In this city, April 29, 1599. Leonard
NIU--, beloved son of Nlles 11. and Eveline M.
Stover, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 1 month and 22 days.
ET7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invitefl to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 151SA Vallejo street.
WALLBUBG— In the City and County Hospital,
April 2a, 1599, George Gottlieb Wallburg, a
native nf Germany, aged 82 years.
WARBINGHOLZ— In this city, April 20, 1899,
Riemer, beloved husoand of Margaretha War-
rintfhulz, and ftithnr of Henry and Annie
WarrlngholE, a native of Germany, aged 48
years 5 months and 23 days.
C7Frifiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 115 Wildey avenue. Interment Laurel
Hui Cemetery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A H Atherton, Boston (0 H Stocking:, L Ang
W Warren, N V Mrs E Stocking. L Ang
J It Taylor, Scotland C Pruchujka Jr, 111
Mrs Taylor. Scotland Mrs Prochajka Jr. 11l
Mlsa B Douglas, Con Mrs S 9 Dickinson, XV
.1 H Gilmer, U S N Mlsa A C Bpicer, N V
<; A Bailer, Maine IMisa S D Spicer, N V
Mrs Bailey, Maine H L> Hosteuer. Pa
}£ Allen, Stanford Mrs Hoatetter, Pa
Mrs Putnam. Stanford .'Miss Gerdes. Pa
3 S Chllds, WeavervilllH J Miller, Seattle
n \V McNaugher, Pa [A R I'lke. Bt Louis
Mrs M Marks, Portld Miss Clapp, Maine
X Q Clarke, N V Miss Bay. N V
(1 B Bennett. Texas J Bear, Phiia
Master Bennett, Texas ' Mrs J Bear, Phlla
i; P Peabody, N I Mrs Denny, London
C Mellen, Colo W H Cramer, N V
L H Howe, N V C Llpplncott, Plnla
R U Btewart, Boston Mi- Llppincott, I'hila
liaron yon Rosenberg, J H Smith Chicago
New York C S Collins, N H
A M Marshall, Minn Mrs C S Collins X H
Mrs Marshall, Minn Master X Collins, N II
M <• Mead, Ind Miss Redfield. N II
Mrs Me4d, Ind Mrs <i H \V Harvey &
Mrs W Beardslee, Mass m, N V
A Wheelwright, Mass Miss I'ark.T. Vermont
Mrs \Y! Iwright, Maas Mrs Sarsrt-nt, Montana
Miss Wheelwright, Mass Miss Harvey, Vermont
Miss Ladd, Boston W JI Romalne, N V
J M Leonard, Nevada J S Crane, Dayton
GRAND HOTEL.
T R Brewer, Belma Mrs H stebbins.Seattle
)•' C Stamford, Cal H Blngham ft w Colo
.1 1 1 McQilvry, Cal IL 0 Btepbenc, Fresno
W J Joy, Promontory C J Wallquist. Sacto
A W Stuart. CaJ |G II Wallyuist, Sucto
H]» Cuskill, Oakland I A J Wallquist, Sacto
A Williams. London J Perl. Skaguay
H Ward, London 1' L Martin, Sacto
M Florehehn, chirapo H H Ferney, Sacto
J T> Wllcox, Oregon C W Jones, Wadswrth
W Woods & W, London J S Davies, Rochester
,1 14 Masters, Dunsmulr F A Gardner. Ch]
A Bridgman & w, Mass J F Sweeney & w, Sac
R C Jackson & W, N Y|\Y B Wine. N C
J I. Yadem, DC H Demmick. Vallejo
t; Holland & w, D C H H Griffiths, Stockton
C s Hall, Maine J ii Boysell, Omaha
1 A Travis & \v, T"> C,E L Webber^ Napa
A Swan it W, NT IJ Craiß\ (^al
Miss Swan, N V |A McPlke, St Helena
Mrs E Fallman, NT C Flnckler, Cal
\V H Townsend, L Apg J M Finch Merood
A McClair Jr, Phlla H F Alber, Penryn
C R Llpman & f, Sac F Carr & w, S Mateo
C A Smith, Mass J Crrissfield. Stockton
J Fanchold & w, Yreka G C Terry & w. Vallejo
A Abraham A w. Cal A J Hoicoinb, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,.
A J Vandyke, Cal J Twomey, lowa
I) limner, New York P F Small, Stockton
i; Kreplin. New York H G Webster. Madera
V C Blodget, Wis Miss R Graham, Cal
J J Flaherty, Sacto j[> M Anderson. Fresno
C L McCann, Modesto I J Morton. Modeotn
J A Kinx. ORiien |A I> Foster, Salt Lako
H C Whitney. Mi<-h " F Peters, New York
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 29.— Clearances, $153,
--506; balances, $38,309.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
' PORTLAND. Or., April 29.— The wheat mar
ket was quiet to-day owing: to scarcity of ton
nage. Wnlla Walla, 59c; Valley, 59@60c; ilue
Btem, (0062 c.
Cleared— British hark British Princess for
Callao with 79,910 bushels wheat.
Total wheat shipments for the month of
April flour included !>1i2,45.1 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., April 29.— The week closed
with wheat unchanged at the decline of Vt
cent in the local market noted to-day. Club,
88',4c; blue stem, 61'--.<\
LATE SUU'I'ISU INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, April 29.
V S stmr Sherman, Grant, 28 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 18 days.
U S stmr Grant, Arey, So days from Manila,
via Nagasaki 22 days.
Stmr "Columbia, Green, 47 hours from Port
land, via Astoria, 39 hours. ; .j..*c<
SAILED.
Saturday. April 29.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson.
Br stmr Athenian, Mowatt, Vancouver.
RETURNED.
Saturday, April 29.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, hence April 2S,
for Blhlers Point, on account of carrying away
foremast head off Bodega, April 29, at 3 p m.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 29, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N\V; velocity 30 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived April 23— Bark Vidette
from Olympia.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed April 29— Stmr AJca
zar, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived April Schr
Corinthian, hence April 2G.
Sailed April 29— Schr Monterey, for San Fran
cisco: schr Mary Etta, for San Francisco
PORT ULAKBLEY— SaiIed April 2S— Br shin
Scottish Hills, for Calcutta. • v
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed April 29— Aus
stmr Slam, for Nanalmo; stmr Laguna, for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 29— Ship C F Sar
gent, from Honolulu; stmr Signal, from Grays
Harbor.
ALBION— April 29— Stmr Aloha, for
San Francisco. \
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived April 29 — Stmr
Koenigen Louise, from New York, for Bremen
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previously AjDril 29-1
Stmr Doric, from San Francisco, . via Honolulu
for Hongkong. ■ ..'
BRISBANE— April 29— Stmr Miowera
from Sydney, etc. for Honolulu and Vancouver!
In Russia you must marry before 80 or
not at all, and you may marry only five
times.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Saturday, April 29, 1899.— Eighty-third
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track good. ,
JOSEPH A. MU!
inert FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds; -purse, $300.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
441 Elizabeth R 107 1
993 Somis 109 6
1042 Lothian 109 4
999 Anchored 112 5
996 Glengaber 112 13
1040 Sylvan Lass 107 3
1040 Purnlah 110 8
999 Correct 109 9
972 Chlpsa 1071 7
1040 San Augustine 109 11
1038 Nora Ives 107 2
1038 Royal Fan 107 10
1040 Judge Wofford 109 12
879 Bid Mc 109 •
771 Kootenai 109 1 *
2 %
6 h
3 1%
4 1%
12 6
8 2
5 h
9 h
7 1
• , ] 2
'Hi
11 2
13
1 2
7 1
2 3
3 2
5 1
6 %
8 h
9 1
10 1
11
4 %
12
13
13 IJenklns 2
2 % (Ruiz 1°
3 2 (Henry 20
4 h Macklin 8
6 % McNichols ... 10
63" Romero 25
7 1 Glover *>
8 4 J. Ward 10
9 3 Ames 30
10 W. See 10
11 W. Narvaez.. 20
12 ICawley 30
13 IBullman 5
... F. Bennett... 100
IFrawley 10
8-5
12
40
8
10
40
20
12
' 50
12
15
40
15
200
15
•Left.
Time— To 'i, :22%; to %, :47%; last %, 1:03%; short %, 1:13%. Nvinner. Dr. H. E. Row-
ell's b. f. by Fonso-Workmate; Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner had the speed of her company. Lothian showed Improvement. Sylvan Lass will
bear watching. San Augustine badly messed about. Nora Ives stopped.
Scratched— Faversham 112, Solstice 107. Gin Sling 109.
■ rkCTO SECOND RACE— mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
1030 Castake, 4 100
1020 Cromwell. 6 107
1038 Limewater, 3 94
1018 Grady, 6 110
1033 Dr. Bernays, 4 109
1013 Hohenzollern. 5 ....110
(984) Bernardino. 5 104
2
3
4
I 6
j 1
I 5
2 %
6 8
1 %
5 h
3 h
• 4 h
7
2 2%
3 h
J ]!„
4 4
6 10
5 1
7
3 1
2 1
1 1
4 2%
G 10
5 3
2 %
3 4
1 h
4 3
5 2
6 3
7
1%
2 3
3 3
4 4
5 h
6 3
J. Reiff 8-3
Bullman 2
.Holmes 15
ICole 20
McNichols ... 7-2
[Snider S
(Jenkins 7-2
S-5
7-2
20
23
4
15
7
Time— :2n%; %, :50; i, 1:16%; mile, 1:42. Winner, W. L. Stanfleld b. g. by Apache-
Lina. Good start. Won first three driving.
Castake well ridden. Cromwell lost ground at stretch turn. Llmewater gave it up. Dr.
Bernays no speed. Bernardino ran loose and had one of his spells. Hohenzollern should be
turned out In an alfalfa patch.
Catastrophe 110, Oralbee 85, Jennie Reld 9S, I. A. Finnegan 103, May L 83.
If .£-__ THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; three-year-olds; Rancho del Paso sell-
IVO^s ing stakes; value, $1250.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St. Std. %m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
(1003) Stamina 96 1
(1038) Casdale .103( 2
1045 Malay 92| 3
1 2
2 h
3
1 2
8
2 h
1 2
2 ii
3
1 4
2 h
3
1 4
2 1
3
15 J. Reiff j 1-3
2 1% Bullman . . 4
3 I Ward | 4
1-3
7
5
Time— %, :12?i; %, :37V_: %, 1:03%; %', 1:29%; mile. 1:42%; l%m, 1:56. Winner, Duke &
Wishard's eh. c. by imp. Great Tom-Endurance. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving.
A gallop for the winner. Malay should have been second.
Scratched— Ulm 96, Maud Ferguson 90, Headwater 96. •
lO'S^ FOURTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $300.
IvF*_»4_f»
Index. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
699 Watossa 109
(905) Tiburon 109
982 Jingle Jingle 107
999 Racebud 107
1040 Saintly 109
972 El Estro 107
1009 Ann Page 107
1009 Polka 109
7
1
2
5
3
6
li_
8
6 h
2 h
1 1
78
31
5%
4 h
8
7 10
9 3
1 1
§4 %
4 '_,
6 I
-3 2 .
8 "
6 10
23
1 1
7
4 %
5 1
3 %
8
1 ns [J, Reiff !
'2 2 Macklin
3 % Jenkins
4 % Hahn (
5 2 Ruiz
6 1 Ames (
720 IBullman j
8- J. Ward [
10
i 3
j 4
I 12
3
I !
5
) 3
. 10
20
4
6
15
4
8
3
25
Time— %, :21%; to %, :46%; last %, 1:02%; short %. 1:12%. Winner, G. W. Berry*.
eh. g. by imp. Watercress-imp. Atossa. Good start except Polka. Won first three driv-
ing.
Reiff stole the race. Macklin, on Tiburon, tried drawing it fine. Saintly was cut off
on back stretch when there was no need of it, and wretchedly ridden. El Estro is all out
Ann Page a false favorite.
lO^ft FIFTH RACE— One and a half milts; selling; three-year-olds and upward: the
lUUUi Fabiola Derby; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St. Std. %m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin. I
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
1019 Dim, 3 95 1 1 h
1048 Major Hooker, 4.... 89 4 6 %
1026 Lady Hurst, 5 103 3 9 1
1030 Red Glenn, a 103! 6 7 h
1037 Robert Bonner, C...104 9 2 h
1015 Alvero, 6 ...... 95 7 8 2
1050 Rapido, a 95 2 4 1
1042 Tempo, 4 94 ( 10 5 1
1032 Una Colorado, a.... 95 5 3 1
1037 Eureka, a 102 ( 8 10
1 h
6 %
I' 3
8 %
2 li
7 1
4 1
6 h
3 14
10
1 h
4 1%
6 h
9 3
2%
5 %
3 ii
7 1
8 1
10
1 1
2 2
5 3
4 1%
3 2
7 2
9 2
6 %
8 1
10
1 %
2 3
3 2
1 2
4 I
5 1
6 1
8 10 .
9 8
10
1 4 Bassinger .... 8-5 8-5
2 3 J. Reiff .... 6 5
32% Ruiz ' 10 a
.4 1% Bullman 3 s
5h 1 Jenkins | 3 7.3
6 3 IJ. Stewart.... 20 75
7 5 Walls 50 100
8 6 [M tunce 6 10
910 ; McNichols ... 15 to
10 (J. Brown . 100 . nop
Time— %. :26%; %, :51%; %. 1:17%; mile. 1:44%] 1% miles, 2:11%; _% miles 2:37-%, Winner
Mrs. C. P. Fink's b. c. by Balgowan-Pennyroyal. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving.
Ulm shook his field off last part. Lady Hurst finished well. Bonner stopped after cover-
ing a mile and a quarter. Rapido badly rated.. Tempo won't do.
Scratched— Durward 84.
lrjS'T' SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
1039 Horatio, 5 106 2
1061 Tony Licalzi, 4 103 3
1051 Prompto, 4 103 1
10<)8) February, 5 101 5
: 148) Socialist, 4 1001 4
103") Imperious, 4 106 7
1082 Alicia, 6 103! 6
1022 I Don't Know, a.. .103 8
2 1
5 1
1 h
3 1
4 h
7 15
6 %
8
1 2
3 I
2 %
5 1
4 %
6 %
7 10
8^
1 3
2 %
3 2
5 1
4 2
6 1
7 10
S
1 3 Bullman I 7-2 5-»
2 % J. Reiff. i 6 7
3 1 McNichols ... 4 4
4 h Coburn ) 10 15
6 3 Ward 6 8
6% Jenkins ( 5-2 13-5
7 5 Ruiz ! 20 60
8 Mounce ; 100 300
Time— :24%; % M; %. 1:14%. Winner, H. Dlmond's eh. h. by imp. Midlothian-
Lurline. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Horatio is in form again. Prompto cut off on back stretch. He might have been second
February ran an odd, mischievous looking race. Socialist not so fast to-day. Imperious rati
a wild, wierd race. § . .
Scratched— 100, Earl Cochran 103, Three Forks 103.
FABIOLA DAY
A SUCCESS AT
OAKLAND TRACK
Many Society People
in Attendance.
THE DERBY CAPTURED BY ULM
RANCHO DEL PASO STAKE A
CANTER FOR STAMINA.
Johnny Reiff Piloted Three Winners
Over the Line — Watossa the
Only Outsider to Score.
Cromwell Beaten.
Fabiola day at Oakland track was not
•without its features. For the occasion
all complimentary badges were tabooed,
and everybody was requested, to hold a
short monetary conversation with tin
men behind the ticket-sellers' windows.
Only a few stayed away. The regular
Saturday crowd was in attendance, a line
of vehicles graced the infield, and many
of the ultra-fashionable of Oakland so
ciety were observed occupying rustic set
tees and chairs on the lawn is front of
the clubhouse. And the sport itself was
all that could be desired. The track was
not fast, but five favorites were kiml
enough to promenade past the finishing
post in advance of their fields.
The Fabiola derby, the real feature of
the card, attracted a field of ten to the
post, and was captured by Ulm, with the
colored boy Bassinger in the saddle.
Fink's horse carried the big coin bet. at
odds of 8 to 5, and was never headed.
Major Hooker, with Reiff up. made a bid
the; last part, but could not make it good,
finishing second, three lengths behind the
leader. Robert Bonner, the second choice,
proved a rank disappointment.
The Rancho del Paso selling stake, over I
nine furlongs, turned out no race at all. |
Stamina, the good colt from Duke &
Vk'tshard's stable, had nothing to beat, I
winning in a gallop at odds of 1 to 3. Cas
dale downed Malay, the only other
starter, fur second money.
The 8 to 5 favorite Elizabeth R took I
the opening sprint over the Futurity
course without effort. Jenkins, who had I
the mount, allowed Nora Ives to show :
the way for a quarter, and then, shoot- |
ing to the front, downed Somis, a 15 to 1 |
shot, by two lengths. Lothian, a 40 to 1
outsider, finished third.
Master John Reiff's masterly handling i
of Castake landed that horse winner of
the mile event after a long, hard drive
with Cromwell, piloted by Bullman.
Limewater cut out the running to the
bend for home, with Cromwell a close
attendant. The latter horse went wide,
allowing Reiff to get through between
them. At the wire Castake downed
Cromwell half a length in 1:42. Bernar
dillo would not extend himself.
With the fourth event, a selling sprint I
up his sleeve, Macklln on Tiburon, threw
, the race away. The Friar Tuck gelding
was heavily backed at 3 and 4 to 1. and
apparently winning hands down at the
paddock Maeklin grew careless and was
nipped out a nose on the wire by Watossa
The latter closed at odds of 20"to 1 in the
ring and was ridden by Johnny Reiff
Trainer Lee. Williams told his friends
Horatio was right good, and the chestnut
closed a slight favorite over Im
perious for the last race. The latter was
never in the hunt, while Horatio, .n front
from the jump, won with plenty to spare
from Tony Licalzi.
Track Notes.
Johnny Coleman made a losing book up
to the last race.
The entire proceads of the gate yester
day were donated to the Fabiola Hospital
fund.
Bookmaker Frank Eckcrt and Charley
Quinn have for New York by to-night'a
overland train.
Frank Doss and Louis Ezcll depart for
Chicago to-day.
Charley Thorpe, accompanied by his
wife and Jockey Eddie Jones, left last
evening for Geneva. Nebr., the home of
fhnrpe. After resting up for a week both
riders will journey on to St. Louis.
Joe Piggott and Manager George Tuttle
of the Burns & Waterhouse stable will
not leave for St. Louis before May 8.
Master Johnny Reiff is becoming quite
a pet with the ladies. Much applause was
bestowed upon the diminutive rider by
occupants of the stand yesterday.
Ailvancps'made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. No ■>■ :in. lul7-lu.'3 Mission.
Electricity at Niagara.
Professor Clarence L. Cory of the Uni
versity of California will give an illus
trated lecture to-morrow evening at the
regular meeting of the California Acad
emy of Sciences on "Electricity at Niag
ara."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR
MEN
ONLY.
Free Trial Package of This New Discovery
Mailed to Every Man Sending Name
and Address— Quickly Restores
Strength and Vigor.
Free trial packages of a most remarkable
remedy are being mailed to all who will writs
j the State Medical Institute. They cured so
many men who had battled for years against
j the mental and physical suffering of lost man-
hood that the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write, It [a a
home treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting from
youthful folly, premature loss of strength and
] memory, weak back, varicocele or —.aclatlon
j of parts can now cure themselves at home.
| The remedy has a peculiarly grateful ej*« c *
of warmth and seems to act direct to the de-
sired location, giving strength and development
| just where it Is needed. It cures all tne Ills
and troubles that come from years of misusa
! of the natural functions and has been an ab-
i solute success in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute 743 First National
Bank building. Fort Wayne Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial packages win
be complied with promptly. The Institute is
desirous of reaching that great class of men,
who are unable to leave home to be treatea
and the free sample will enable them to see
how easy it Is to be cured of sexual weakness
when the proper remedies are employe.!, ilia
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man who
writes will be sent a free sample, careruny
sealed In a plain package, so that its recipient
need have no fear of embarrassment or pud-
liclty. Readers are requested u> write without
delay. v..:,-ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
IS EXECUTOR
JOS. SCHWARTZ
AN ABSCONDER?
Has Sailed for Parts
Unknown.
CREDITORS MOURN HIS GOING
THEY CLAIM HE LOOTED
JACOB LETTERS ESTATE.
He Was Cited to Appear in Court, but
San Francisco's Sheriff Has
Been Unable to Serve Him
With Summons.
* Oakland Office San Francisco Tall.
908 Broadway, April 29.
The creditors of the estate of the late
Jacob Letter are considerably exercised
over the sudden departure of Executor
Joseph Schwartz for parts unknown.
Their anxiety is particularly superinduced
!>y the fact that Schwartz, when ap-
I'Ointed by Superior Judge tlisworth on
September 19, lv%, was not required to
give any bond.
Executor Schwartz is wanted now in
Judge Hall's court on a citation issued on
petition of Henrietta Barrett, who charges
that he has wasted and embezzled the
funds of the estate. Petitioner is a cred
itor to the extent of $906.
When the matter '>f the citation was
called to-day Schwartz failed to appear.
Instead the summons was read as re
turned by Sheriff Henry S. Martin of San
Francisco, declaring that Mr. Steen, at
"whose homf, 310 Hyde, street. San Fran
cisco. Schwartz resided, had informed the
I Sheriff thai the executor had "left the
country on the steamer Australia a week
or more ago." The. matter accordingly
went over.
.When Schwartz took hold of the Letter
estate its appraised value was $15,429. con
sisting largely of a stock of clothing in
This city. This stock the executor' sold to
Julius HirshtVrg. and his final account,
recently filed, reads that he received for
the same $4500 in gold coin, when in reality
he received but $1000 cash, the remainder
iznlnir to the cancellation of a claim held
by Hirshln-rg against the estate in the
sum of $3500. As a result Schwartz has
failed to pay to the other creditors the
. lividend ordered by the court some time
L v. and in reality the estate is now in
.- livent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f StTKDAT, Apr. 30. New Prices "Wednesday^
0 No Liquors — just &
(Good Groceries a
f Every day is saving day,*
fhere. " > |
# Saving vhe re saving*
f counts the household. **
f We bii}^ by the carload^
fand sell to the multitude.?
Press Matches pkg 4c\
W Can't burn your fincers. T
A Charred ends cent fall off. a
• Bi« long fellows Diamond Match Co.
\ 600 in each package a
k Oatmeal 10 lb sack 30c,
¥ Best eastern steel-cut. t
Cornmeal ... 10 lb sack 17 c^
a Selected yellow corn.
f5O lbs Dairy Salt . 20c)
* Standard, high grade. a
I White Beans 12 lb 25c\
I" Lady Was'iingrtoa, hand picked. T
SNicc and clean. _ A
Manhattan Drips 40c a
a Gen .iue eastern sugar syrup. A
Orleans Mqlasses'lfn 4
\ A gallon OUC r .
▼ The true Piccaninny? Nothing tier. m
\ Usual. y sold at 75c and $1. x
sGraham5 Graham Flour 10 lb 16c\
a Whole wheat Flour iolb2oc^
iKofeko ■ Ilb 10c I
A Health coffee— o IV. IC-
f food as well as drink 2 ID IJC,
f Sardines — Lacaze 15
0 H.. f-pcui:<! tins, 1 twice the ordinary A
* size. Pure sweet olive oil. T
f EIGHT SAVING STORES: 9
4 73S Market St. S. V. 1311 Polk St. S. F. i
7 1060 Washincton. Oak Bluttnek At, Berkeley T
A 3, k WaEhingtnn, " Central At, Alanied* A
V E 12th t Ttti At, " 7th * Wood. Oak f
"There's
Method
in his
Madness"
It is the grocer who. offers you
Ghirardelli's Chocolate and Cocoa
as a BAIT at cut prices, who tells I
you that some Eastern or imported
brands are "better 1 1 ; he makes a
larger profit on these. There are
positively none purer, none J
stronger — and most emphatically j
none as FRESH as the home j
made
Ghirardelli's
Cocoa, '« "I 25c; 1 It). 50c.
Ground Chocolate, 1 It), 30ci
"Monarch" (Vanila), 1 lb, 35c.
At all fair dealing grocers.
jA D. GHIRARDELLI CO.
t President.
, i
' —————— ~
OAKLAND GIRLS
WIN HANDILY
The Basket Ball
Honors Rest With
Captain Winches
ter's Team.
OAKLAND, April S».— The Oakland
High School basket ball team
scored a sienal victory this
morning against the team from
V. M . <". A. of San
| SCO . The tarn* was not at all
and the home
had i" struggle for every point
The line-up was as follows:
San Krnnri.-' " Captain (ceHter), Miss
Scoville; guards— Miss Goodman, Miss
;. | Carlotte Parks; forwards
• s, Miss Roberts, Miss Baer;
■■ s Burgbauser Miss E.
_• r Mrs. H. 1.. 1 >ieiz.
. (guard), Helen Win
- Mary Johnson, Mary
■rs -Margarei White,
! I -
forwards- Grace Dawson, Hannah
Mabel Wllcox: substitute.
Miss Griswold, University of Callfor-
Miss Place of
:..} .Miss Barnhard of
SHORT GRASS
FOR EMPLOYES
FROM MONDAY
Two Detectives to Be
Dropped.
Oakland Office San Francisco
Broadway, April 29.
On Monday next Captain of Police
Mitchell will become the plain bailin oi
the police court and Detectives Hod£
kins and Quigley will be redu
rank and pay of patrolmen.
i changes art- not du<=> to any acts on the
part of thoße who will be made to suffer,
: but are ran : :■' ° n accouni ol
condition of the city's purse.
It is not known when the positions thus
vacated will be filled, but it is generally
-.i that the men thus reduced will
ted after June 30, when the fiscal
t the city whose
I salary could be reached will b* working
: ■■ Monday. Ih< •-• was
doubt as to which of the detectives
Iropped, but when asked to-day
the Mayor set all doubts at rest by say
.„,, . . ■ t an ordinance
• matters as they were before
• This also disposes
of the doubt as to whether the tv.
ttctlves would I f r " m lne force
uld again become patrolmen.
To-day should cen the monthly
Hall, but it existed
une, for there was little cash to
lay out Some of the employes were paid
In, but the majority had to accept
warrants and go to the banks to have
nashed ai is discount.
Police and Fire Commissioners will
; hold the!: regular meeting v>-xt Wednes
but there is no likelihood of any
g - being made, although there is
more or less gossip at the City Hall.
it' any changes were <-.>ntemi>lated it is
that they would wait Ontil
th< bearing of the contest for City
■ 'lement's seat.
The statement of Mayor Snow that the
Health is perfectly at lib
to act "under th*- charter" in the
r of patronage has restored confi
the employes of the Health
be charter provides that no effl
employe shall be removed from of
as the health office employes
n unusual satisfaction they feel
■ h. Mayor on their side.
COMMISSIONS ASSIGNED.
The University Corps of Cadets Is
Organized for Next Year — List
of Promotions.
BERKELEY, April BL— The military de
partment of the University of California
r| r.ized for next year by the
Mtmont of cadet officers for the two
The appointments were made
ssor Frank Soule, commandant
pps, and went into effect to-day,
drawn from members of the
-.t iunior class, who will be seniors
and 80/iualifled to take charge
■ mpanies. The list as posted is as
foil' V
To be captains— J. R. Moulthrop, Com
\; 11. S. Robinson, Company B; R.
ii. Collins. Company Cj J. D. Hoffman.
Company I> Percivnl I>olman. Company
E; K. G. Kuster. Company F: E. L. Oli-
Company G B. w. Oliver, Company
, 11, J. V. cl> Laveaga, signal detachment.
-t lieutenants— W. A. S. Foster,
Company A; I'm:; Belby, Company B; A.
<; Tashelra, Company C; A. C. Babson,
Company L); F. dr. Dorety, Company X:
A G. Remmel, Company F: R. L. Oliver,
Company 'J K. L. Mexsh, Company 11;
C. E. Bchmltt, sigr.Ml detachment; M.
Bpei • le corps.
To | lieutenants— C. W. Peck
Company A; U. L. Breed, company B; M.
IL, McCullough, Company C; H. R.
sht, Company l>. J. L. Kennedy,
iany Ej N. H. Garrison, Company
F: J, R. Whipple, Company G; R. W.
, Simonds, Company H: L. ii. Tracey, sig
' na! detachment; v. 11. Henderson, bicycle
corps; C:irl Schilling, chief musi'-i.-in.
To be first sergeant* Nathan M. Moran,
Company A; H. c. BCelone, company B; C
1 1. Cobb, Company C; w. B. Bakswell,
Company l>. C. w licConaughy, Com- !
pany E; J. O. Osborn, Company F; C. L.
Carlson. Company G; R. H. Curtlss, Com- : ,
pany H; 11. C. Bradley, bicycle corps.
BRITISH OVERTURES OPPOSED.
Irish-Americans Condemn Language
of Embassador Choate.
OAKLAND, April 29. At the .last meet
i ing of Oakland Allian •■ No. S. St. I. A of
resolution waa adopted stating trn.t
"we admire the manly attitude of >>ur
German fellow-oiti*ens of Chicago and
Eastern Cities in protesting against
ai' Anglo-American alii vice, and assyre
them, our bcarts co-operation for - i
[rish-Oerman alliance In the United
States for the purpose of stamping out
this stupid British >.-ntimeiit and pre
i serving the rights of Americans and
rlcan institutions "
Th- alli;i!!r, aISO .1. < Irircs "that our
tsador, Mr. choate, could serve this
country much better by silence than by
his relent utterances at a banquft in
London, where he humiliated the Amerl
peopla by sa\ing that 'Even the
Ami-riran eagle has to keep <|Uiet when
British lion roars;' I hat such conduct
on his part is un-American, unpatriotic
and cowardly, and >nly calculated to
please her Most Gracious Majesty's sub
iects In England and ihe United States;
.(• shoul<i he reminded that this is no
■ British dependency."
E. M. Barnes' Bail Fixed.
OAKLAND. April 29.— E. M. Barnes, the
hay dealer, arrested la.«t night on a
charge of felony embezzlement preferred
bj S. Connell of Pnrtlanrl, Or., appeared in
the Police < - '>urt to-day and his examlna
i tion was set for next Friday. His hail
i Wai fixed at $2000. C. McCarron and J.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRTL 30, 1899.
Mills College were umpires, and Miss
Corliss, Oakland High School, was
tinn k»eper.
Nothing was done \ho first half, hut
Grace Dawson started the excitement
in the second half by scoring a goal
for Oakland. Miss Roberts made a
goal for San Francisco, and Miss Daw
son again scored for Oakland. The
Bcore was 4 to 2 in favor of Oakland.
Doran. hay and grain dealers, qualified on '
hi? hond.
Barnes strenuously denies the charge
and claims his accuser, for whom he has
handled hay for the past year to the ex
unt of $7000. is indebted to him in the ■
sum of about ST'V*.
Teachers' Art Exhibition.
AI.AMKHA. April 2:'. An art exhibition 1
will be given next month by the art sec
tion of the Alam.-da Teachers' Cluh. The
affair will be on the lines of those for
merly given by the Alameda Art League.
Pour rooms in the Metnodlst Church
block have been engaged for the purpose.
• •no will lie hung with oil paintings an
other with water colors, the third with pen
and ink drawings by San Francisco news- I
paper artists, and the fourth by drawings !
in bUuk and white and in colors by tlv-
Alameda public school children. 1
FLAGS FLUTTERED
AND TARS DANCED
AT NEW SAUSALITO
Ruins of the Old San Francisco Yacht Club House,
TWO years ago the pioneer yacht
club of California lost its home,
with pictures, models, and other
property, in a disastrous fire. The
directors with great energy set to
work to rebuild, and now the club pos
sesses quarters that ie surpassed by
none on the bay. Yesterday the San
Frandscos formally opened the yacht
ing r.eason of 1899 at Sausalito. Lying"
!i«hor In front of the club house
and giiyly decorated from stem to stern
with fluttering flags were the follow
ing yachts: William Pierces schooner
Whit.- Wings. James Kltterman's
launch America. R. S. Bridgman's
sloop Thetis. George Davidson's cutter
Kolly (chartered by R. S. Bridgman),
G. E. Billings' sloop Nixie, the sloop
Phyllis (charterer Harry Dot), E. C.
Barrett's yawl Frolic, \V. N. McCar
thy's schooner Ramona, E. A. Wilt-
Beta schooner Aggie, I. Outte's schoon
er Cbispa, Dr a. W. McKeneie'a sloop
Bappbo, William Woods' sloop Angela,
a. Sutherland's sloop Catherine. Com
modore T. 1.. Hill's sloop Cygnus,
Prank. Bartletfa sloop Queen, F.
Raischs launch Rambler, R. A. Ed
dy s launch Edwina. L. Q. Haven's
launch Alberta. \V. M. Edgell's launch
Dulce, J. D. Spreckels' schooner Lur
line. I. W. Newhall's schooner Vir- .
ginia. and Harry Goodall's yawl Rip
ple.
One yacht, E. W. Hopkins' graceful
steamer El Primero, was conspicuous
ARRESTED FOR INSANITY
BECAUSE SHE SNORED
I Queer Experience of a San Francisco ♦
88 Domestic Whose Sweet Sleep Kept ' &
f Others Awake. \_ ?
J5 OAKLAND. April 29.— The inhabitants of the Chabot Home did not sleep dj
♦ last night— one. Their usually peaceful slumbers were sadly marred by V
88 the resonant and almost hilarious snoring of a San Francisco domestic, So
* 9 whose clear conscience is manifest. in this manner when she wraps the dra- 4
V peries of her couch about her and lies down to pleasant dreams. Such a 82
g« one is Miss Stella Vachon, a domestic employed by a family on Minna street, *,
X San Francisco, and as a result of her snoring proclivities she was arrested £
i 1? at the instance of the matron of the home and examined for Insanity to-day $;•
♦ by Drs. Barber and Barnes at the Receiving Hospital. ■ ■ ♦
T Miss Vachon Just eight months ago was employed at the Chabot Home. S3
gL Last evening she returned to get some of her wearing apparel, and the hour *
f growing late she was given permission to remain at the home over night to '£
j» the sorrow of all the other guests. Shortly before midnight the noises of her n»
a clear-conscienced snoring alarmed the other guests, and wicked dreams ¥
5. abused their curtained sleep. • - ■ *
*" To the Lunacy Commissioners to-day Miss Vachon denied having been *?
* 9 guilty of making unseemly noises. "In fact, I slept just as soundly as I
*° could," she said, "and if 1 snored I was not aware of it." Her explanation *°
Z. proved acceptable and she was' immediately released* Now Miss . Vachon ▼
•? thinks Oakland is no place for a San Francisco servant girl to enjoy the 28
St peaceful repose that is afforded in the arms of Morpheus. She is a pretty Z.
4 brunette, aged 19 years. Her parents reside in Canada, and she has made '
** California her home in the interest of her health. gj
■t / ♦
#♦&♦?*♦!♦■•-?« ♦ 88 ♦ 88 ♦ *i ♦«-»«*«-»«*88-»«*»*»*«* «g ♦ Si ♦ 52 ♦ 88^?*>K^S8*-4
EAGLESON NOW DECLINES.
He Would Not Act as Guardian of
Rose E. Yon Schmidt, but
Names Mrs. C. L. Tilden. '
OAKLAND, April 29.— The contest over
the guardianship of Rose E. yon Schmidt.,
who with her four little brothers was
made an orphan by the murder of the
mother and suicide of the father in Ala
meda on April 9. has been robbed of its
promised sensation.
Robert Eagleson late this afternoon
filed his declination to qualify or serve as
Rose's guardian. He requests that the
girl's aunt, Mrs. Charles L. Tilden of
Alameda, be appointed in his stead. Mr:
Eagleson was named as guardian in the
mother's will, and the paternal grand
parent. Colonel A. W. yon Schmidt, last
week also applied for the appointment, al
leging that Eagleson is not a fit and
proper person to have care and control of
Rose. ' ■
Public Administrator B. C. Hawes to
day filed a petition for letters of adminis
tration on the estate of E. A. yon Schmidt,
the latter's father having filed a similar
petition last week. The estate is valued
at about $3500 and consists of several Ala
meda water front lots.
■ ♦ ■
Executrix Neilson Cited.
OAKLAND, April Sit— Mary Neilson, ex-
by the entire absence of decoration—
not a single flag: was displayed. During
the afternoon ancf toward sundown
several yachts of other clubs came In,
and dropped anchor. Among these
were A. J. Young a'xl T W. Ransome's
sloop Clara. \V. P. Humphreys" sloop
Pride. Westerfeld and Morrow's ilqpp
Aeolus, W. H. Toepke's sloop Harpoon,
and W. F. Fisher's yawl Arcturus, all
of the Corinthian Club. Later Commo
dore Allen M. Clay of the Californias
sailed up in the sloop Paetolu*, accom
panied by E. N". Walter's Embla. V.. V.
Safrar'a sloop Edna and the sloop-Thel
ma.
During the afternoon visits were paid
to the yachts, and shortly after 7 p. m.
the yachtsmen and several ladies were
entertained at a chowder supper in the
club hoi!f»°. At 8 p. m. the tug Sea
King, laden with quests from the city,
reached the club wharf and wa« greet
ed with the firing of guns, red and blue
signal fires, and a flight of rockets.
The guests wer.- received I><- me club
officers, who wore attired In uniform
coats and spotless white duck trousers,
and for three hours dancing w;is en
joyed in the large dance hall on the
upper floor of the club house.
The ante-room was decorated with
nasturtiums, the billiard-room with
branches of pink and white may, and
the dance hall with branches of euca
lyptus and white flowers. A very large
number of guests accepted the hospi
I ecutrix of the estate of the late Herman
I Neilson, has been cited, on petition of
' Carrie F. de Brish, one of the heirs, to
appear before Judge Hall on May 8 and
render an exhibit showing moneys re
ceived and expended by her and claims
presented since October 28, 1897. On March
11. 1886, Mary Neilson and J. H. Garrett
were appointed executors. At that time
the estate was appraised at $39,434 70. The
first account, nled June 4, 1896, showed
claims presented" s24,926 30 and that there
had been received and disbursed the sum
of StWll 39, leaving a balance of $3". Gar
rett thereafter resigned, and since October
28, IS9", the remaining executrix has filed
no report.
Graduating Class Banqueted.
AI.AMEDA, April 2&.— The class of '99
of the University Academy was tendered
a farewell banquet last night at the
academy by Professor and Mr?. W. W.
Anderson. Addresses were made by the'
principal (Professor Anderson), In
structor R. O. Small and several mem
bers of the class. Those present were Bi
L. York F. M. Hyde. Paul Edwards, R.
S. Sargent, D. Hobson, A. Jackson, Cur
tis Forrest. Beverley Allen. E. C. Edson,
Dr L. S. Anderson. R. O. Small. Miss T.
E. Mason. Miss Leonard. Miss O. E.
Reynolds Miss Flora Forrest. Miss Ma
rion Gerald. Miss M. Bramwall. Miss M.
L. Park, Miss Alice Baker, Miss Bessie
Forrest and Miss Jessie Dodge.
Anchorage and Clubhouse San
Francisco Yacht Club.
tality of the San .Franciscos. among
them being Mrs. T. L. Hill, E. A. Wilt
see. G. T. S. White. Mrs. E. C.
I'.artlett, Commodore C. H. Harrison,
W. M. Edgell, Dr. and Mrs. F. L.
Platt, W. P. Humphreys, W. Pierce,
Alex J. Young. T. \V. Ransome, G. D.
and Mrs. Campbell, G. E. and Mrs.
Billings, W. N. McCarthy. W. R.
Whittier, R. Duperu, A. B. Costigan,
Dr. and Mrs. A. W. McKenzie, H.
Glbbs, W. Woods. A. L. Paddleford,
Louis Pierce, H. B. Holbrook, R. H.
Morrow, Commodore Carl Westerfeld,
Commodore Allen M. Clay, H. Cor
bett, Allen J. Miller, J. C. Beedy, H.
Clay Miller, C. H. Elliot, H. Dot, An
drew Thorne. W. H. Toepke, Miss
Toepke, F. R. and Mrs. Cook, G.
Strauss, R. R. and Mrs. I'Hommedieu,
Miss Eva Mors.-. Miss Clarice Morse,
M. H. and Mrs. Hernan, Miss Nixon,
Miss Edith Nixon. J. R. Savory. R.
Luders. J. McKenzie. Miss Jennie Sav
ory, the Misses Summers, W. S. and
Mrs. Milton, Thomas R. Milton Jr.. F.
M. Moffltt. Miss Mangan. Miss Win
ters, Edward Winters, Miss Pauline
Newman. Miss Nellie Mates, Miss For
rest. MisH Maud Parkhurst, Fred A.
Chober, F. Thornton. J. Brickell. E.
Angelo, J. Short, H. Hildebrandt, Miss
Gould and O. Gould.
This morning the fleet "will make
"colors", at 8 o'clbck, and owners wtil
meet on. board the flagship Cygnus at
10:30. On signal from the flagship the
yachts will stand over, to the city
front and will cruise along it in com
pany. Commodore Allen M. Clay has
issued an order directing the yachts
of the California Club to take "col
ors" from the San Francisco flagship
and thereafter to follow Commodore
Hill's signals till the close of the
cruise. Though no express order to
this effect has been given by Commo
dore Westerfeld, the Corinthians will
also cruise to the city front and there
after to Vallejo in company with the
San Franciscos. The combined cruise
bids fair to be attended by a larger
number of yachts than have ever been
seen in company on the bay, except on
the occasion of a regatta or cruise of
the Pacific Interclub Yacht Associa
tion.
ADVEBTISEMENT& '
____^ I_L_ li— __ ' ' ' ■ f - '——
j gJBj II Hrl llaß 1 1 fgv vn wSm m b fi^B Ifl \ffl H k tBJB ilflwl b i
"CALTHOS"
Prof. Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood.
FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Sent Absolutely Free by Sealed Mail To All Sufferers.
_-_^_ NO C. 0. D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
HF : ?'-ar^&6K§HH The only preparation known to science which really
mm*Wi ! M%BMx£ ' -V i/^>-^ cures Lost Manhood is "CALTHOS," the marvelous
wam-^M^sf^3hSSsM jfk&^Sfk, French remedy discovered by Prof. Jules Laborde. It is
■^BEf @v!vu'AvjK' '*: M /«~v controlled in this country by The Yon Mohl Company, of
'sw^fij& ! -'£fl!3Bf'5 i ." p B V J» Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern which occupies a high and
K^aSß'^^WßfiSl A ■v 7 honorable place in the world of medicine. It is one of the
«SMPs«:frs©Sa^3r N^/ largest and most responsible houses in Cincinnati, as
■Wsi(ssBspß7'^ IJt anyone who is acquainted in that city will testify.
W&SMSOMW L S »"*W The Yon Mohl Company invites all men suffering
•»W v *' : W'is>ir /[' 7/ Wi from Lost Mafl hood, Spermatorrhoea, Varicocele, Small
Ita::'j£jj!Sri#7 An; II -S' 1 Parts or Weakness of any nature in the Nerves or Sexual
Wfl««Sßl'Sy AZtiv"*~^Jf i ilr Organs, to send their names and receive a five days' treat.
'mM.-W'/'I /SPi*?ssr// 1 1 I ment. This will prove the wonderful vitalizing powers
mi™s¥ oysW-///l I of "CALTHOS." After using it five days the sufferers
ts'sjBtt&"//l li ' \ wv^ & nc^ new v 'B or in their organs, new force in their
Ggg|r/**: : i 1 tiefty // 1 * I *■ \ muscles, new blood in their veins, new ambition, and
!*|Kj4j&L K^pi^C^*V rapid progress toward the buoyant feelings and sensa«
BSgHs*n\ bS I \\\ This liberal free offer is genuine. There is no swind-
HM^vsv:\ V( \\ / \ ling C. O. D. or Deposit Scheme connected with it. The five
■"'^RKf^vK \ V (I \ days' treatment is sent by sealed mail to all on request,
Era3ij|^vvS;A >»v. 'I I wrapped in a plain package, and full printed instructions
EMr; W^ ! "; : :-»w vVA I f \ accompany the medicine, so that each patient becomes
■Kffite&&gS'uy ' I/\V\U his own doctor and cures himself at home.
KflSfc^'l-wSw \ yjf It doesn't make any difference what caused the weak-
HJjßta-'.'tv-'^iAVJT itrrO ness— whether bad habits in youth, or excess, or over-
|3»>tts#:SvjQ~~"""7gj— \ work, or business troubles. CALTHOS" will effect a
illil;£v : Kv.*H [i/A \ cure, no matter what big name the disease may be called
Bflß-.fevi-;£K Mts\ I The Yon Mohl Company treats all correspondence in
m 9: ■• : Jayßi B§&\ I perfect confidence. Under no conditions will it make
Bw^^M lp| I public the names of the thousands who have written tes-
HE» i'W ' j BbKL&\ «} timonials telling of their restoration to robust manhood
fSKffi' ! s%- : -IB3Bi « ' Bs2HX-:':\ if after other medicines and appliances have proved worth-
Ws'i'.':£jßm 'Rest! V A less - "CALTHOS" is regularly used in the French and
Ira :> " : s'&iS«sW B^M 7 M German armies, and the soldiers in those countries have
K'^'^inHl MHW I is-3 come to be perfect models of strength and vitality. Cures
I9S«^sHH JBB H / M:\ are effected at all ages from twenty to eighty years. There
HB^9h9 HhB/ A^i is no case ( except where the stage of epilepsy or insanity
wMK&MHMI flnß' / \i)\ has been reached) which it will not radically, quickly and
BR-'v.^H s&f \ Tsii"-^w. permanently cure. Sexual weakness does not cure itself.
■yS3^*™"l r^^\ V «f'3---I:^»^ It grows worse from week to week. Each day aggravates
J££i I V V^w^^t^ the mental and physical anguish. '
"*&&? IS '*CO Send today for the free five days' trial treatment. If it
- : iC;-- > *W J helps you, more of the medicine can be purchased. If it
' does not help, no harm is done and no money has been paid out. You can send your name in
the full knowledge that it will be kept from all. The " CALTHOS " department of our business
is strictly confidential. Address applications for trial treatment, etc., to
THE YON MOHL COMPANY, 742 B, Cincinnati, 0. 1 vi£3S&72%£v&% M s%&
THE AX AGAIN
SWUNG ON THE
WATERFRONT
Twelve Heads Were
Dropped in Basket.
THE COMMISSIONERS REST
CAPTAIN HOWARD EULOGIZED
BY THE SHIPWRIGHTS.
Several Vessels Got Away With Non-
Union Crews — Much Sought
After Ship Belfast Sold
in England.
The ax again fell on the water front
yesterday. Since the heads of depart
ments lost their positions last Tuesday
all the rank and tile in the employ of the
Harbor Commission oave been living in
fear and trembling. Yesterday the worst
fears of some were realized and the feel
\ ing of uneasiness disappeared from the
j minds of others. An even dozen heads
dropped into the basket, as fol
Sweepers— J. T. Bloomer. James Coul
ter, James Ginnert. William Perkins.
George Kristoff and W. E. Ingram.
Police— Henry Peterson, C. J. Ledbetter
and J. T. Mooney.
Janitors— P. McNamara, Thomas Bur
goyne and George Quigley.
Wharfinger E. Buckley got a severe
beating at Folsom street wharf y<
day and in consequence Charles Ander
son, Emile Leaterdt, Fred Perpoll and
Henry Shinkel are locked up in the Har-
I bor police station on v. charge of assault
j and battery. The prisoners are all young
| and had been making trouble along the
wharves. When they reached Folsom
street Buckley warned them to keep quiet
and for a reply received a blow in the
face that knocked him down and blacked
his left eye. The cro^d jumped on him
while he was down and began kicking
him. Thomas Dolun ran to the assistance
of the wharfinger and the men ran away.
Buckley and Dolan chased them into a
saloon at 174 Steuart street, where the
men locked themselves in. Officer Shaw
came along and demanded admittance.
\\ hen the door was opened the roughs at
tacked Shaw. Buckley and Dolan with
beer glasses, but they «vere soon overpow
ered and handcuffed. At the police sta
tion they said they were on their way to
join a sailing schooner that goes to sea
to-day when the trouble took placi
A number of shipowners have been dis
appointed over the British ship Belfast
She is a splendid modern vessel and was
j for sale, and a number of people contem
; plated buying her a? soon as she reached
port. A couple of days ago the news ar
rived that she had been sold in England
for $33,000. The Belfast is now out 106
days from Calcutta ior San Francisco—
a long passage. HaJ she reached here
a week ago she would have be.en pur
chased by a San Francisco firm at an ad
vance on the English price.
The trouble between the shipowners and
the Sailors' Union continues. The vessels
are delayed a little, but they sail with
non-union crews and at non-union wages
nevertheless. The ship Columbia got
away for Vladivostok, and the barken-
Une Jane L. Stanford for Puget Sound to
load lumber for Sydney, all right. Four
men were taken out of the barkentine. but
two of them went back on her again, say
ing they would make the voyage in spite
:of the union. The Kate Davenport had
i trouble with her crew, but of another
j sort. Half the men were drunk, antf two
of them fell overboard. They were fished
: out more dead than alive, and the vessel
then proceeded to sea.
Captain Howard of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company was presented with a beau
tiful illuminated testimonial by the Ship
wrights' Association yesterday. The text
' of the resolution, published In The Call
! last Friday, was embodied in the testi
monial, and the whole signed by the pres
: ident and secretary of the "association
The shipwright? employed by Boole &
I Son on the Government transports struck
! and Captain Howard acted as mediator
and ' gained their point for the ship
wrights. The testimonial was their means
I of showing their appreciation of Captain
I Howard's services.
President McConhell and Secretary
Howson mad.; the presentation to Cap
tain Howard yesterday, aii) for once th •
"old salt." who has bravi\ a thqusand
storms, was taken aback. After he got
over his surprise he thanke* Messrs. Eft -
Connell and Elowson, aa I'Epi'usentattvw
of the association, ajid said he had done
nothing for which he expected any
thanks. He thoueht the men #ere >n tLe
right, and therefore took their side. The
testimonial is beautifully illuminated and
is a vvorK of art.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. April 2?.— The members of
the Blue and Amber Whist Club were
entertained Thursday afternoon at the
home of Mrs. H. H. Case. 2159 San Jos«>
| avenue. The prizes wore won by Mrs.
J. \V. Beatty and Mrs. A. C. Bates. The
ladies of the club will give an elaborate
i supper to their husband? May 26. at the
j residence of Mrs. W. H. Armitage. 914
San Antonio avenue.
A JACK TAR'S
HARD FIGHT TO
REACH SHORE
Fritz Gillen Claims He
Was Abused.
WATER FRONT TALE OF WOE
THREATENED WITH VIOLENCE
AND IMPRISONMENT.
Day of Struggle and Toil Because
the Master of the Occidental
Wished to Cut Contract
Wages.
A salt-water soaked seaman, accompa
nied by Secretary A. Furuseth of the
Seamen's Union, made complaint at the
Harbor police station yesterday after
noon that he was detained on the ship Oc
cidental against his will, and that he was
I to swim for his freedom or work
for less money than his contract called
for. His complaint contained many other
counts, some of which are sensational
enough for the up-rearing of a wtiten
front romance founded upon violence and
i impressment.
Fritz Gi'len, able-bodied seaman and
victim, told the following woeful story
while the bay water fell from his clothes
in streams:
"I shipped to-day on the Occidental on
:an agreement of $.» a month. I was not
i completely sober at the time, hut I am
; sure of the figures. When I reached the
ship I found nut that my wages were to
| be $3u a month. and I insisted upon going
ashore. This was refused me.
"Pretty soon after this a tug came
: alongside ttte Occidental and I jumped
: from the ship to the tug. The captain of
j the tug was ordered to deliver me up by
: the master of the ship. Being frightened
! I jumped overboard, and started to swim
I for shore. A Whitehall, not far distant
i and coming toward me caused me to
change my course. I reached the white
hail and put my hands on the gunwale.
: when I was surprised by the boatman,
! who tried ii, beat me off. I recognized
[ him as the fellow who had carried me
to the Occidental in the first place and
| had induced me to ship for $35 per month.
He wanted me to return to the ship which
1 I had- just left.
"Finally I got in the boat. and. to my
utter consternation, the boatman rowed
back to the ship. He would have put me
in; lu>ard but for the opposition of some
: yf the crew, who threatened him should
he come alongside. The captain of the
1 then told the boatman to take me
ashore, which he did. When I reached
the dock the fellow knocked me down and
threatened to ha%-e me arrested for burn
ing the ship if I mentioned a word of
what happened. I then sought the advice
!of A. Furuseth. secretary of the union,
j and he took me to the Harbor police sta
| tion, but 1 could not get any assistance
I there. My clothes are aboard the
and I want them very badly."
S< a man Gillen was looking for a Police
Judge last night with the purpose of
| swearing out a batch of warrants against
! the men who had maltreated him. The
, Occidental is booked to sail this morning.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND. April 29.— H. L. Anderson
was arrested this afternoon on complaint
of Health Officer Dr. J. P. Dunn charging
him with practicing medicine without a
license.
The second appraisement of the estate
of the late Philip Boogar was filed to-day,
showing total valuation of $3350, repre
sented by real estate.
The Sacramentos and Oaklands will
cross bats at Freeman's Park, Golden
Gate, to-morrow morning for the benefit
of the Reliance Club. Beckwith and Mos
kiman will twirl the leathered globe for
iheir respective teams.
Coo H. Towrjsends preliminary hear
ing on the charge of murdering John Mc-
Cunn last Sunday has been continued to
next Tuesday evening, at the request of
the attorneys for the defense.
Joseph Reboli. Italian interpreter for
the Police Court, has resigned. :rt line
with the plan suggested by Judge Smith
when the city Council proposed to rescind
the ordinance creating the office. On July
I FceboU will be reinstated.
The Sanitary Board of Golden Gate has
called :> special el etion for Monday. M.t ;
29. for the purpose of dissolving th.
trlct. The polling place will be in the
Klinkier block vi San Pablo avenue.
M. F. Bosworth lost a valuable ho*-s->
to-day, driven by Fred Ingersolt The ani
mal, becoming unmanageable, collide'!
with a Telegraph-avenue electric car and
sustained a broken neck.
W. B. Ludlow, for many years super
intendent of the Southern Pacific Railway
yards-, is lying very ill at his home in
West Oakland. He is suffering from
blood poisoning, superinduced by a car
buncle on his neck.
William W. Worden of Worden & Co.,
wholesale pharmacists of San Franei-sco,
has purchased a lot on Orchard street,
175 feet east of Telegraph avenue, on Bfc-
Clures Heights, for $7200. and will soon
erect thereon a $10,000 residence.
1516
SENATOR PERKINS' FRIENDSHIP FOR U. S. GRANT
CAUSED GOVERNOR CAGE'S SCORCH AT SAN PEDRO
Language Committed
to Memory.
LECTURE INCIDENT REVIVED
THE SENATOR SAYS IT WAS
SQUARED.
Pennsylvania Influences Are Active
to Induce Members of the Sen
ate to Vote in Favor of
Seating Quay.
George C. Perkins. United States Sen
ator, returned from Southern Califor
sterdaj morning. The fact Is
veil known that a little incident which
: atform at San Pedro
durii ation has
n unusual amount of*gossip in
:ircles. Senator Perkins waa
;isk> >i yesterday ii' he believed that
deliberately planned to
t him on the occasion of their.
• I meeting in the south. The Sen
was reluctant to speak on the
topic, bui •■ that he re ■•■ Ived a
very chilly reception from the Gover
: g that they had nut be
• the election.
"1 cannot say that I was surprised,"
ator Perkins, "because I
>rmed In Los Angeles that the
Governor had | his Criendß in
■ . ■■ that ho intended t<>
.. [n fact I was i \\ Ice advised
: •• Intended t" make an unpleasant
to me, but 1 could scarcely
I tli.- statement that he intended
■ so "ii that occasion. 1 was sub-
Informed that he committed
;• the «oi da of his B] < h
which were designed to reflect on me.
1 was told that after hi had finished
his sj taken his seat he turned
. ■ man on the platform and re
marked: 'Did you hear m-- scorch
him? 1 The man to whom the Gover
nor's remark was addressed having
. to catch the meaning of the
gt responded in
Ive."
question was asked bj the re
yi v positive that the
Governor's speech was prepared and
that : the
ration to attack you?"
He had that part of th< <m
mitted to memory and 1 was advised
that he intended to scorch m
urse 1 had the opportunity to re
taliate, as the Governor was th<
speaker. As Judge Maguire
l ■ ould have referred i" the excellent
c that lie rendered in the House
Representatives and might have
sted that if Maguin had been
elected Governor he would not have
considered himself better than the peo
ple he was elected to serve — that he
would Dot have wrapped a robe of dig
nity about him and treated his fellow
men with scorn. The committee asked
tefore Mr. White -
but ] declined, as he was my senior
for years in the Senate. The Gover
nor's manner toward me was anything
but cordial. In view of the fact that
1 made thirty-live speeches during the
aign and besides performed a good
of missionary work I expected a
different kind of reception as l was
me< ting him at his home for the first
time after his election to the office of
Governor."
itor Perkins 1 known admiration
for r. s. Grant Jr. of San Diego Is
. -I'd to excite the wrath or' <;■
The impression is not cor
rect that the Governor had in mind
the lecture which Senator Perkins de
livered shortly after his return from
Washington, wherein reference was
to th~ veto of many hills at Sac
nto. When it was suggested to the
Senator that the Governor's allusion to
: ir White's excellent service in
Congress was in retaliation for Sena-
Perklns* allusion to the wisdom of
President McKinley, the Senator re
ferred to a correspondence between
himself and Prlvat< Secretary Poley on
that subject. It appears that The Call's
account of the lecture caused
comment in political circles. Senator
Perkins does not contend that The
- report of the lecture was i
rect, or even misleading, but he holds
that a construction at variance with
what h>- intended was placed upon his i
lage. What he Intended was to
bring to the attention of the audience
th>- fact that bo much care was exer
cised by the Senate of the United States
in considering measures of legislation
that only fourteen hundred bills and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ULCERS FOR
35 YEARS
Eleven on One Limb at One Time
With Excruciating Pain. All
Remedies Tried, and Number-
less Physicians Little Benefit.
CUTICURA Speedily Cures.
My mother has been a victim to ulcers from
varicose veins for thirty-five years. Eleven of
these terrible sores have existed at one time on
the limb affected. Excruciating pain and intense
suffering were endured, with all sorts of remedies
on trial and numberless physicians' calls and
prescriptions applied, but all practically with
but little benefit. However, at last the remedial
agent was found in Ccticcra (ointment), which
•nroly proved its weight in gold, alleviating pain
and causing healing processes to commence and
a cure speedily effected. She has, also, used
Cuticcka with marked benefit in erysipelas
of the face and eczema. The Cuticuba Soap,
also, has established a record only as the best
cleansing, purifying, and healfng in its nature,
having proved itself a most excellent and valu-
able auxiliary to the Cuticura (ointment).
I would remark that this testimonial is entirely
unsolicited, being a voluntary contribution for
humanity's sake, and the commendation of the
Cuticura Remedies to the fullest confidence,
being satisfied of their purity, genuineness, and
almost miracles wrought.
March 16, 1898. W. T. MOBBB, Cabot, Vt.
CUTICURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Soalp. "-; ;■
That Is to say, Cuticuka Bksoltkwt, greatest
of blood purifiers and humor expellers, purifies
the blood and circulating fluids ofHmoit O«mns,
and thus removes the catue, while warm baths
with Cutiouba Boat, and gentle anointings with
Cutiouka (ointment), greatest of emollient skin
cures, oleange the skin and scalp of cruets and
scales, allay Itching, burning, and Inflammation,
soothe and heal. Thus are speedily, permanently,
and economically cured the most torturing, dis-
figuring humors of thestln, scalp, and blood, with
loss of nalr, when all other remedies fall.
Bold throuit how*, the world. fomt V. Ajp C. Cob p.,
Props., Boston. How to Core Torturing Skin Dlmucs, (res
BAVE YOUR HANDS '"VSSJfrIK*
SENATOR PERKINS, AS KE APPEARS AFTER THE SCORCH.
From a photograph !■;. Tabei
resolutions out of the sixteen thousand
Introduced wei I I se were
irefully scrutinized that the execu
tive had to veto but one. in contrast
he- elt< d thi slatlon at Sac
ramento, observing that the Governor
had to pocket '■.■ veto some fifty, sixty
enty.
It is somewhat difficult to ascertain
what did take place between the Gov
ernor and Senator after this report of
the lecture was published. A corre
spondence ensued and the impression is
i hat 11 ended in the exchange of re
ciprocal sentiments of great esteem and
admiration. It is believed that Perkins
congratulated Cage on his great sue
• ess as a reform Governor, whose vigi
lance in the cause of the people was
worthy of the highest commendation.
It is surmised that th»- Governor con
gratulated Perkins on his devotion to
the interests of California as demon
strated by his record in the United
States Senate, adding praise for the
Senator's great learning and ability as
a statesman. From all accounts the
reconciliation, if any ill feeling did ex
ist, was complete and the incident was
closed. Perhaps The Call made a mis
take in publishing an account of the
lecture. It may have been designed as
a private affair. lik»- the recent railroad
banqu< t at the Palace Hotel.
Senator Perkins will not entertain
the proposition for an instant that the
lecture had anything to do with the
snub at San Pedro. H>- adheres to the
notion that his friendship for Cram
was the cause of the assault. Th>
fact that Grant was not chosen Sena
tor does not in the slightest degree
diminish Senator Perkins* admiration
for the San Diego statesman. Again
reference was made to the fact that
Mr. Grant graduated from Yale College
and the Columbia Law School and was
subsequently Assistant District At
torney of New York. In conversation,
referring to the recent contest at Sac
ramento, Milton Green was mentioned,
but the Senator did not say from what
school he graduated.
When Senator Perkins was asked
about the Quay case and the probable
action ol' the United States Senat>- on
the appointment by the Governor the
Senator replied that the editorial article
in The Call of Saturday morning, April
2.*. siatt-d the case i orrectly and clearly.
i He remarked that influences in Penn
sylvania had been employed to enlist
the support of Senators in Quay's be
half. "In discussing this Question I
open the way for attack on myself. I
voted to seat Corbett because he was
a Pacific ("oast man and we needed
strength in the Senate. In Oregon,
recollect, the Legislature did not or
ganize and the State Senate refused to
vote. Should I declare myself opposed
to the seating of Quay 1 would )><■
charged with seeking to control all the
patronage. If Quay gets his seat under
the appointment by the Governor it
logically follows that the Senators ap
pointed to represent Delaware, Califor
nia and Utah must be seated."
An inspired prophet is not needed to
predict that Senator Perkins will be
a candidate to succeed himself in the
T'nited States Senate four years hence.
When spoken t<> on that topic during
his recent trip south he remarked: "I
have known Perkins a long time, and
think he is just the man for the place."
Artistic Work.
The wainscoting in the Majestic sa
lr.on, 914 Market street, is the most art
istic piece of artificial marble work ever
executed on this coast, and requires an
expert to tell the difference from the gen-
Uini marble, as it Is constructed from
slabs' and erected in the same manner, and
can be taken down at any time, the same
as any marble work, without destroying.
There is no comparison between this work
and that in. the Examiner building, which
to be repaired must first be destroyed.
Mr. <;. < "Ijiolloni, the artist who has exe
cuted this work, has certainly attained ru
markable results. The satisfaction that
this new feature of Interior finish has al
ready given is ample evidence that arti
ficial marble will become a prominent
{actor in the construction of future build
ings of the coast, as it can be utilized for
about one-half the cost, and retains, the
beauty and finish of the original stone.
Mr. Clpolloni comes from Rome, Italy,
and resides at 510 Baker street. •
The Will Genuine.
The will of M. O'Brien of 1863 Fifteenth
nvenuv, which bequeathed the decedent's
entire estate, which ! s valued at less than
$1000, to his sister. Kaie O'Brien, was de
clared legal by Judge Ooftey yesterday.
H> v.-ral of the heirs of O'Brien's estate
contested the will on ;he ground thai It
was a forgery, but Judge Coftey finds
that they were in error and enters judg
ment for the sole legalee.
Dr. Bargfleld's anti-inflammation salve
is invaluable in treating pneumonia,
mumps, Inflammation of the bowels, ovar
ies and lunars, mortification, gangrene. *
Parents and Children.
Louis Boig was arrested yesterday on a
charge of vagrrancy on the complaint of
his daughter, Mrs. Minnie Hennlg. 961 A
Bryant street. She alleged that her father
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
was a "bum" and was (.•(instantly annoy
ing her and her husband by dunning them
for money for drink. Thomas 11.I 1 . Mona
han, a sailor til years of age, was also ar
-5 on the 'complaint of his
:. John Monahan, Bryant street, for
rblng the peace. The father stated
thai his son was a "loafer" and was ai
ways abusing him and his mother.
The Huntington Banquet.
Tlv iven by the merchants to
Mr C. P. Eluntington last Thursday
night was the most exquisite ever held
at the Palace Hotel and proved a mas
terpiece of culinary art. The Moet &
Chandon brand of champagne was
served exclusively. *
May Day Celebration.
! The Socialist Labor party will celebrate
the workingman's holiday on Mayday
eve, April 30, at Union-square Hall, 421
P - street. A musical and literary pro
gramme, will lie given. The meeting opens
at Bp. in. Admission Is free.
Ladies' tailor-made lulls, fur ra;i»s. cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, rooms 6-7.
CHIMES WILL RING FROM ST.
PATRICK'S CHURCH TRANSFORMED
WHEN the parishioners of St.
Patrick's (Jhurch attend mass
this morning they will tind
what is practically a new
church. Ever since the beginning of
the year St. Patrick's Church on Mis
t-ion street has been subjected to a
renovation and remodeling that has
transformed it into one of the most
beautiful houses of worship in this
city.
THE BOZZLE
MYSTERY A
FLIGHTY FAKE
Concocted by a Bunch
of Dizzy Girls.
CRACKER FACTORY ROMANCE
TELEGRAPH HILL DAMSELS IN
VENTED THE CANARD.
Miss Viola Jeffres Wrote the Soulful
Letters and Jennie Lind
Bought the Carbolic
Acid.
The Police Department and Coroner Hill
may cease to bother their brains about
tin Ocesm Beach mystery, for Mrs. Tom
Bozzle is but a creature of fiction that
sprung from the minds of a bunch <>f
flighty Telegraph Hill damsels who spend
', nnst of their time glazing sweet cakes
in a, North Beach cracker factory. Weary
of then- sedentarj occupation the girls,
none of whom are >v«r is years of age,
I decided to hand out to this unsuspecting
public something which would create
more of a sensation than a wheat cake
or a glngersnap. So they all pot together
at the residence of .Mis.- Agnes McCarron
I ai 4298 Green street, where .Miss Viola
Jeffres of 1306 Montgomery street Bug
gested the plot of the weird mystery that
ha.- kept the authorities on the gui vlve
sine, Thursday last.
Viola Jeffres was the literary beacon
|of the aggregation of cracker factory
! mechanics. She has read muri; than one
I of Laura Jean Libbey's tales of pyro
technic love, and scribbled off the heart-
I rending letters found on the beach last
; Thursday morning just as easily as she
signs the pay roll for the "three per,
that she earns at the cracker factory. The
tetters were written early in the week
and the rest of the girls then set about
to gather up the clothing and other trin
kets which were needed to lend a tinge
; of genuine mystery to ineir prank.
Jennie Und was delegated to purchase
1 the bottle of carbolic acid and she imme
diately flounced down to Wessenberg'a
drug store at Montgomery avenue and
Filbert street, where she bought the
drug. The druggist lid not know the girl
and as she came Into the store when he.
was very l^usy waiting on other custom
ers he did not notice her particularly.
Nellie McCarty anil a little chap named
O'Brien, whom the girls took into their
confidence, scraped together the tintypes,
the picture ami the leather purse and hat.
and then the home-made mystery was all
I ready to be dropped on the .sands of the
beach.
Mamie McGlinchey, another cracker
factory miss, who is not yet out of her
teens, was delegated to carry the mystery
I to the beach. The young lady took a day
off and was up bright anil early Thurs
day morning. O'Brien, who plays the
. part of the villain iii tbe dope mystery,
met i he maid on one of the ragged <t,:-is
of San Francisco's airy perch, and. taking
the precious bun. lie, they started for the
! beach. The ride out was uneventful, and
when the pair arrived the beach was for
! tunately deserted. They spread the mys-
I tery on the sands and then made haste
for the first inward-hound car.
After the story of the supposed suicide
of their fanciful Mrs. Bozzle was given
[ widesprend publicity the girls became
frightened, and they held another meet-
I ing. and all were sworn to strict secrecy.
The story, however, was noised about the
neighborhood for the past two days, and
the girls strongly suspect O'Brien of tip
The day will be a memorable one
for the parishioners. At the 8 o'clock
mass 300 boys and girls will receive
their first communion; at 11 o'clock
the Redemptorist Fathers will inaug
urate a mission for women, and at 4
o'clock the Most Rev. Archbishop
Riordan will adrfllnister confirmation
to 300 children.
The changes in the architectural dec
orations of the church have been ex
ping It off to a corner grocery man or
somebody else. When seen by a Call re
porter last night one of the young ladies
admitted that the mystery was concocted
by them, and she defended their actions
by saying that things were so deucedly
flat In the cracker factory that they sim
ply wanted to stir up a mild sensation.
All of them are now on the stool of re
pentance.
"THE MAJESTIC'S" OPENING.
Messrs. Waldron and Naspn Possess
One of the Handsomest Cafes
in Town.
"The Majestic" saloon at 914 Market
street opened its doors for the first time
last evening and was visited by hundreds
of friends of its proprietors, Messrs. Mil<>
Waldron and Bert Nason. Compliments
were showered on them for the pond
taste they displayed in fitting up the place
and they were- also congratulated on se
curing such an excellent location.
This city has many nandsomely deco
rated cafes, but there is no doubt that
"The Majestic"' surpasses them all tor
beauty and comfort Its owners have
Bpared no expense in fitting, the place
up, and as a result they haw a right to
feei proud of their acquisition.
As one enters the place he is at once
struck with the beauty and appointments
oi' the bar. Handsome mirrors, bronze
statuary and shining glassware are
thrown out in splendid relief by the
carved mahogany that was used In Its
construction. Nickel and brass were used
in finishing it off and is in perfect har
mony with it. The walls are covered
with Pegemoid. the .Mdes with Skagiola
and the ceiling is brilliantly decorated in
rococo. Paintings of merit value adorn
the wails are one if the main attrac
tions in the place. There are pictures by
A. Humborg of Munich. P. Burrucci of
Rome, A. Zoppi of Rome and other fa
mous artists. The masterpieces are
shown off to advantage by lights cleverly
thrown on them. The nooks are gems
in their way and are richly furnished.
Privacy is obtained behind costly drapery.
Below stairs are 'en of the coziest
rooms Imaginable. The music; room or
banquel hall is a large, well ventilated
apartment, handsomely furnished. Judg
ing by its comfortable appearance it
promises to be very popular with the
patrons of "The Majestic. All the rooms
are richly carpeted and furnished.
The patrons to the private apartments
can be served with steaks, chops, succu
lent oysters, and "The Majestlc's" only
specialty, "boiled salt mackerel."
A stairway leading from the Ellis street
side of the cafe insures privacy to those
Wishing to avoid going through the front
way.
A feature of "The Majestic"' is that It
is a ten-cent house. This has long been
waited by the drinking public, and as the
liquids offered for that price are the best
that money can buy and are served In a
palace it is more than likely to spring into
immediate popularity.
Messrs. waldron and Nason are known
throughout the State as genial and whole
s. uled fellows and their friends are al
ready flocking to the new refreshment
r< sort. *
Sbarboro & Co.. Grocers, formerly of 531
Washington ft., have removed to Gill Montgom
ery, neur Washington.
Her Husband Disappeared.
Mrs. Samuel »'. Robb, residing at 30
Dearborn street, notified Captain Gillln
of the Seventeenth-street station that her
husband has been missing since last Fri
day, on that day he drew $300 out of the
bank on the representation to her that
h< wanted to pay for .sonic machinery
which he had purchased for Honolulu. In
addition to this he got $60 wages that was
coming to him from his employer. From
tlat time to this n< his not mad.- his
appearance at his home. Robb and his
v if. came ivm Honolulu a few months
i go. Mrs. Robb fears foul play, while
ethers have an impression that the hus
band has "skipped out."
Tatties and Herrin.
On Saturday evening next, May 6, the
San Francisco Scottish Thistle Club will
hold <>;if of its characteristic entertain
ments in the shape of a "Tank- and Her
rin' Supper" at Banquet Hall. 32 O'Far
rell Btreet, commencing ai 8 o'clock.
Formerly only the members and their
gentlemen friends participated therein,
but this year the club has decided to ad
mit the ladies. Ample provision has been
made for the entertainment of the club's
guests upon that occasion, and a royal
time is assured to all who may attend.
Tickets of admission may be had on ap
plication from any of the officers or mem
bers.
terlor as well a? Interior. A new
slate roof has been substituted on the
body of the edifice and also on the
spire. Painters are at present labor-
Ing over the last outside touches, and
their work has made tho historic
house of God look new.
The great transformation is due to
interior renovations. The handsome
central altar has been regilded and
retouched, and is now one of the most
beautifully decorated altars in this
country. Two elegant side altars,
each costing $750, of the same de
sign as the main altar, have
been donated by the parish Sodali
ties: one. the ,'iltar of tin- Blessed
Virgin, was presented by the Children
of Mary: the other, the altar of* St.
Joseph, was given by the Living Ro
sary Society. The general character
of the interior decorations is such as
light and cheerful coloring gives to
massive pillars, arches and naves. The
frescoing is in harmony with the mar
blelsed columns and the gorgeously
gilded central altar. Six new confes
sionals and new oak pews • complete
the furnishings.
A special feature in the remodeled
church is the illumination. Around
the arches and naves are studded my
riads of incandescent electric lights.
Five handsome statues have been pre
sented by the parishioners at a coat of
$HK) each. They are of St. Patrick.
St. Brigid, Sacred Heart, Immaculate
Conception and St. Anthony.
The total cost of the additions and
improvements amount to $30,000, of
which $21,000 was realized at the re
cent bazaar.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
p3 12 HJ IB M A 1 1 V^^ w£ §Jt Pi E PJ B
"DRESSG^SI
.v -
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING !
On Tuesday, Mau -2d, we will place on sale
our entire stock of GENUINE FRENCH ETA-
MINES and GRENADINES at about one-third
former prices,
NOTE THE REDUCTIONS;
$1.75 per. yard ■= = Reduced to 50c
$2.00 per yard ■ - - Reduced to 75c
$2.50 per yard - ■ = Reduced to $1.00
FThe above goods are warranted pure wool, - are
full 48 inches in width, and are in the following colors:
GRAYS, HELIOTROPE, BROWNS,
TANS, NEW BLUE, PLUM,
GREENS and NAVY.
We will also offer our entire collection of FRENCH
SILK AND WOOL NOVELTY GRENADINE SUIT PATTERNS at
following reductions :
$20.00 Suits, Reduced to $7.50
$25.00 Suits, Reduced to $10.00
$35.00 Suits, Reduced to $20.00
All of the above ETAMINES and GRENADINES.
. We have in Blacks also.
Ladies desiring a genuine bargain
should not fail to see these goods.
GhfZnneU
111, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
BONFIRES ON TWIN PEAKS.
Federation of Improvement Clubs
Will Illuminate on Dewey Day.
At a meeting of the Federation of Mis
sion Improvement Clubs held last night
at South San Francisco it was decided to
have two big bonfires started on the Twin
Peaks to-morrow night in honor of Dewey
! day.
To accomplish this achievement the fol
lowing were appointed a committee: Gus
i Schnee. Christ Stader, A. S. Lillie, Dr.
: E. N. Torello, H. E. Griffith, F. A. Hack-
I ney, W. Watson. Thomas O'Neil. W.
; Lewiri and A. Nonnemann. An invitation
. , was extended to Mayor Phelan to climb
i the peaks and start the fires.
■ Having disposed of this patriotic act in
honor of the Manila victory, the federa
j tlon got all tangled up in an attempt by
: : some of the members to throw the or
; ganization into politics by recommending
that the several Mission clubs form them
selves into political clubs. The scheme
! was defeated by having the resolution re
ferred back to the executive committee
for pruning.
The executive committee offered a reso
i lution congratulating tht people on their
victory as gained by trie recent acts of
the city authorities in extending the pole
ordinance to outside limits and obtaining
a reduction in the gas rates.
Property owners on the line of Duncan
! and Valencia streets requested the aid
i of the federation in having Duncan street
I opened from San Jose avenue to Valencia
street. The request was referred to the
ex< cutlve committee, with instructions to |
urge the petitioners to form an improve
ment club in that section.
Gustave Schnee, chairman of the execu
tive committee, introduced the following
resolution, which was unanimously
adopted: ,
Resolved, By the Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs, in meeting assembled, thia
■d'Ah day of April, 3 S'.iS. that we heartily .-,.ni
niend the movement that has been undertaken
by the press and the better element o£ the
community for the suppression of the gambling
dens on our city's main thoroughfare, ami
further hope that the Police Commissioners
will continue to take a personal interest In the
movement and give the entire Police Depart
ment to understand that the gamblers must be
driven out and compelled to earn an honest
livelihood.
JAPANESE JURISTS HERE.
Will Study the Legal Methods of
Other Countries.
Several prominent jurists of the Su-
I perior and Supreme Courts of Japan are
| registered at the Palace. They are mak
ing a tour of the world for the purpose of
studying the various systems of jurispru
dence in the United States and Europe.
The party consists of K. Kosaka, Chief
| Procurator of the local court at Toko
hama; Judge G. Baba of the Court of
Cassation; C. Makashloji. Public Pro
curator of the Court of Appeals at Tokio
! and Councilor of the Department of .lus
| tlce; Hon. A. Tanahasht. Public Pro
jcurator of the Court of Appeals at Tokio,
iM. Komiya. Reichsanwalt and Dr. Jur-
Saito.
The Imperial Japanese Government will
shortly establish national courts on the
same lines followed in America, and a
code of laws will be prepared to which
all foreigners will be amenable, instead
of being subject to the Consuls as at
I present. For the proper carrying out of
i the project. Japan is urnrling out some
I of her ablest legal minds to observe the
| legal methods in vogue in other countries.
Charged With Robbery.
John Hallasey, who is well known to
the police, was arrested last night and
charged with robbery. He in accused
of choking "Con" Bigelow, an ex-ball
player, in the hallway of the Llndell
House, at Sixth and Howard streets, and
robbing him of $2. "When Police Officer
William Smith attempted to arrest him
Hallasey showed fight, but was promptly
subdued. He was subsequently iden
tified by Bigelow as the man who had
robbed htm.
On the Face of the Earth
There is not a finer cigar than the Flor de
Heyneman, made of pure Havana leaf,
the best obtainable. Try a Flor de Heyne
rnan cigar, 25 cent size or two for a quar
ter. AH first-class stores sell them If
your dealer does not carry them send us
three dollars for a box of twenty-five
Flor de Heyneman Dellciosas State
whether mild, medium or strong If Y ou
do not like them will refund your money
Heyneman, Brown & Co., 117 and 119 pin«
street. •
I :
BUY NOW— PAY LATER.
j
bi jf 1 1 ( s^\ '7^L
Cj j|! l^J O<J
' if J
SPECIAL THIS WEEK-
CRIBS - - $3.75
It's a hardwood crib,
Size 60x30 inches.
HAVE YOU SEEN
Oar 1599 line of BABY ROCKERS,
Our JS99 line of BABY CHAIRS,
Oar 1890 line of BABY CRIBS.
Our ISO!) line of BABY CARRIAOESt •
If not, better waste a few moments and rome
. and set them. Might do you lots of good —
anyhow ii won't do you any harm. Remem-
ber, we sell for cash or little at a time.
THE J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/O/7-/023 MISSION STREET,
flbove Sixth.
Phone South 11. Open Evenings.
When one hat will lit every
head then one Eye Glass will fit
every nose— Do you see the point?
We have every kind, and all with
the new clip that never slips (for
50 cents).
Oculists prescriptions filled. Quick repairing .
Phone Main 10.
f ■-■-■".*- "7" "* ■ " T'"
OPTmNsXtoG^™'-
-642 Market St.. Instruhehtsjl
'•main CKOitieLt BuuoiNb ' '
Painless Dentistry.
/WrraTTT-ra SEC OUR NEW
Jyjji Flesh -Colored
flwA ¥§1 Cannot be detected from
M|^&v ESF tne natural teeth and gum,
NU W thin and stronger than
- rubber.
Crowns, $3.50. Plates. $5. Filling, 50c.
ALL, WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth St., Cor. Stevenson.
Q Visit OR. JORDAN'S Great
fflgg Museum of Anatomy
i^^R. 1551 ST .tot. 6th & 7tii, O.F.CaI.
8 SI The Largest of its Uod lD tJ.e World *
I TOOT \ DR. JORDAN— Private diseases.
ft.B v **'B ft. OoiuultaUon ftt«. Writ* for B«sk
\\ I of * Marriaga.
B 13 v ... m fftZK.
■%■■ HA MAC'S Infallible Pil»
Hlf B n B^ II Cure! Cure? all cases of i
U |Ej L\W blind. bleeding. Itching A
a M H l! _^ protruding piles. Cases rjf
1 'BR_ B— years' standing cured by
■ ■ m m single 60c box.
A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists,
504 Washington Street, San Francisco.THE Sunday Edition CALL.
Ready to Thin Out the California Sea Lions.
Vhe Seal £$ocks a/ ill &3e Allowed
as a Sftefi/ge /or . a J>ew of uhem,
the Others W/i/st So or *Die.
PETITION TO THE GOVERNMENT ASKING PERMISSION TO KILL SEfJLS ALONG
THE COAST OF CALIFORNIA
S \N FRANCISO '. April 20. 1899.
freasury. Washington, D. C. Pir: The Board of Fish Commission
ers the honoi to !■■■ president, has made an exhaus
i by the ceni coast upon the food fishes
il and s have tah we learn a most serious
psts of the coast. We have, I determined t" reduce
us rookeries adja< n Fram pting the Seal Rocks
m within th I - pservations, more particularly at
■
ulation prohibits t I ■ upon these reservations.
ssued 'i' ib' 1 inspector ■ -rut granting permission t"
. - | before indicated. * * *
inny years been engaged in the propagation of salmon at great ex
taj mony adduced, it is proved thai these lions destroy a? greal a
men and pat kers. * * *
It i? '■- gra ted this permission at th earliesi moment possible in order
that tl c months Maj and June when the animals are more numerous
mths. We would, therefore, request that your orders be
• i permit our deputies to go to the Farallon ' the lighthouse tender if it
may be done ■■• .v inconveniej ■•• to the service. 1 ;re\vith a clipping from The Call of iliis
all nur papers. In the hope that the matter may have your early and fay-
CALIFORNIA FISH COMMISSION,
ALEXANDER T. V r O6ELSANG.
iiiy beg ■ •' Hon. Alexander T. Voeelsang, president Board of Fisli Com
missioners of the Stal I nia, and hope that you will not find 'it inconsistent with th»- good of the
. the petitioners. Respectfully yours, GEORGE C. PERKINS,
I'nifMi States Senator.
HE most rfmarkalil" and Inter-
T:nK "drive" ever heard of in
the fields of sport or of pame
ed by
llfornia Fish Commission,
which contemplates a huire raid
on thi :l lion
nlonp the Californian
isl and the destruction <>f
these animals by thousands. •
Not even the urizzly bear Is so fa
mous and popular a reprefehtatij
the California faun,", bs th^ sea lion.
His photographs an> scattered over the
world by the hundreds of thousands,
and hardly any traveler has seen San
Francisco in decades without having
Been "the seal*" at the Cliff Hoi;
The ReaJ Rocks at the Cliff H
nnd the boiling surf about them are not
to be dyed in cardine with the official
.arnag'- planned. It is not at all nec
essary for the purpose of the Fish Com
PART OF THE SEAL-BREEDING GROUP ON THE FARALLON ISLANDS.
Photo by Dr. A. Genthe.
missioners that they Rh<>uld make any
disturbance there. The population of
the Seal Rocks is bul an Infinitesimal
fraction of the whole sea lion nib.- in
tills neighborhood. As popular knowl
edge of the sea lion is mainly derived
from these little points of rock this is
not realized and neither is the nt-.-d
and wisdom of the measures about to
be taken. There are never mure than a
f'W dozen or a few score sea lions and
their cousins out there, while elsewhere
within thirty or forty mi!<-y there are
many thousands. Wh a lever the
slaughter, there will still be sea lions to
look arfrom the cliff balcony.
For twenty or thirty years the fish
ermen generally, and the salmon pack
ers of the Sacramento especially, have
been complaining of the sea lions and
praying for their destruction. This
same agitation has bobbed up periodi
cally. Fish Commissions have heard
delegations, dlsoussed, resolved and re
ported over and over again, and the
verdict hns always been that the soa
lion destroys enormous quantities of
tish, Beriously interferes with the fish
ing Industry hereabouts, especially the
salmon industry, and that his number
should be lessened. But the pea lion has
been protected by law, and each agita
tion lias died without result.
Since 1866 there has been a State law
which prohibits molesting these ani
mals within a mile of the beach about
the Cliff House or within one mile of
the shore for a distance of ten miles
along the Santa Cruz coast. It happens
that outside of these limits the rooker
ies, including the main population, are
on Government lighthouse or other
reservations, and here a Treasury De
partment regulation forbids hunting.
The idea now is to get the permission
of the Treasury Department to send
men into the big rookeries on the Far
allon Jslands, thirttf-milea &t sea, Point
Reyes, Point Arena and Ano Nuevo, or
New Years Point, down on the San
Mateo County shore, during the breed
s' it; .season and kill the animals in large
numbi is.
A petition, indorsed by Senator Per
kins, asking for this permission, was
sent to Secretary Gage the other day.
and President Vogelsang of the Fish
Commission is quite confident that the
permission will be granted. If the Gov
ernment does not hesitate too long, but
gives its early consent, the slaughter
will commence next month, when the
breeding season is fairly begun and
the greatest number of seals have con
gregated.
The exact method to be pursued has
not been determined, but that is a mere
detail. Deputies and some hired rifle
men may be sent out to do the work,
and. as is most likely, the work may
be done under some sort of a contract
arrwMcenjent jplth^-BklUed men.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
There 1b no. qurstlo-n that if the sea
lion Is a luxury he Is a costly nne. He
eats an incredible amount of fish. Years
«?n two Bea lions were long in captivity
at Woodward's Gardens, and each
would eat from forty to fifty pounds
of fish a clay. When it is pood fishing
for sea lions thousands of them in and
about the bay eat that much daily.
Their population along the middle coast
of the State nn be obly guessed at.
Commissioner Vogelsang's estimate of
25,000 may be wrong either way. But
10,000 sea lions eating fifty pounds of
fish a day would consume 500,000 pounds
daily. The habit of the animal, how
ever, is to keep on catching fish when
he gets about full, take a bite out of
each one and throw the rest away. The
estimate must be greatly raised for this
reason.
Each one easily gorges himself and
then entertains himself with catching
more, taking a- bite out of the back or.
kelly and throwing the rest of the fish
away, only now and then can one be
Rppn, l>ut a deputy commissioner states
that a few months aso he watched a
F^a lion in the Sacramento River play
ing with a salmon like a cat with a
mouse. He was evidently not. hungry.
He would stick his head above water,
toss i ho fish hiph in the air to one eide,
dive and catch the fish in his mouth
wlinn it came down. The last time the
fish came down endwise and the lion
just held his mouth open and let it
shoot down his throat.
As the animals are rarely observed
it Is circumstantial evidence that is
lnrgely relied upon by the salmon
fishers. This is presented in part by
their nets. Nets costing from $100 to
$400 are constantly found destroyed.
The sea lions find a net full of fish
and naturally presume that the provi
dence which provided th<'m salmon
took the trouble to catch some for
them. When the big dinner of fish is
gone the nets are pone too, and the
fishers loudly curse the sea lion.
This indicated sea lion is the best
known member of an interesting fam
ily. What are popularly known as se-ils
are the genus otariidae. They are of
two classes the hair seals. kn.^>wn as
sea lions, and the fur seals, the- latter
being of sm;.iler size. There are five
recognized species of hair seals or
Bea iions and four of the fur seals. The
hair r^oal h;;s no soft fur under his
coarse, hard, hairy covering, and is of
small economic importance. For this
reason largely the sea lions hay« never
been carefully studied by scientists,
and indeed it is only in ouite recent
years that the fur s«al has been so
studied.
Thp sea lion occurs throughout the
Pacific Coast from Cape Horn to Bering
Sea and along the Asiatic Coast. Thp
well-known California sea lion has been
observed and written about more than
any other species, mainly because it
lias been morn convenient to those who
cared to observe lions. Because it
h;i« been a more convenient victim of
capture it has also been the one gen
erally exhibited in zoological pardons
everywhere and there studied and pic
tured. Ti is th^ California eea lion that
lias been exhibited at Central Park.
New York, at tho zoological gardens of
Philadelphia and nthpr Eastern cities,
and in the zoological collections of
Pnris. London and other capitals.
The California sea linn occurs from a
point southward variously placed at
Lower California and the Mexican
coast to half way to Bering Pea. As
large and magnificent as is the Califor
nia sea lion, he is smaller than the
Bpeciea that populates the northern re
sorts, and especially the Pribylof and
Aleutian islands, where his Importance
is lost In that of the fur seal. It is re
ported that 20.000 sea lions permanently
lnhablt the Pribylof Islands. All sea
Ikms display a considerable range of
yellowish or reddish brown color and
the male is always of two to three times
the size of the female. The Farallon
Islands are Riven as the southern limit
at which the northern sea lion occurs,
and breeds so that the two species min
gie here somewhat.
While the California sea lion is the
predominating species at the California
seal resorts, there are others, and the
average observer will fail to detect the
different species. The true fur seal was
formerly quite abundant along the Cali
fornia coast between the Bering Sea
bueeding seasons, and since its practical
extermination a few stray ones are
often present here. The spotted or bar
ber seal and the gray seal also frequent
the California resorts of the otaries.
The sea elephant, formerly fairly
abundant, is also an occasional visitor.
These other species have their stories,
but the California sea lion is the main
character at present, and when Dr.
Jordan put in a plea of guilty in behalf
of the sea lion as a fish destroyer he
acquitted the others.
A good specimen of a bull will weigh
a ton. and some are judged to reach 3000
pounds. Their lengths are from 14 to 20
feet. Though so clumsy on land, they
ar« no lonir^r clumsy In the wate*.
There is enormous power in the mus
cles of their flippers ami tails, and this
and the build <>f their lithe hodies
makes them wonderfully dextrous in
the boiling surf by th« jagged rocks
they climb and wond< .fully dextrous
and swift in overtaking the speediest
fish nf the sea they swim.
Their principal food is fish, hut they
also feed Dn in. 'Husks, crustaceans and
sea birds. An observant writer for The
Call, who visited the rookeriefs at New
Year's Point, on the coast of San Ma
teo County, in 1897 during the breeding
season, saw a greal school of fish pass
through a channel between two of the
rocky islands the sea lions populated.
The 'lions plunged from the ro<-ks by
hundreds and crowded each other at
the feast. They were quickly filled,
and thru they followed their habit of
taking a bite out of each fish they
caught, and later the water was cov
ered with dead floating fish.
The family life of the sea lion is es
pecially Interesting, and it is this fam
ily life that is planned to be invaded
with powder, ball and steel. It is not
so fine and systi n the br< edfng
grounds as that of the fur seal, but it
is quite similar. The bn eding season
opens with the landing al th" breeding
grounds of the strongest males. For
three weeks or so they simply pre
empi territory and fight.
Tho hnttlos arc terribly ferocious, and
even the victor may have much hide
torn into strips and an eye torn out.
The defeated ones and the "bachelors* 1
go elsewhere. Dr. Jordan says It is
mainly these that populate Seal Rocks.
The breeding s.'hs"u begins in May
and tho masters of tin- harems are
about to install themselves now. These
males go without food for a month or
more. living on their own fat. Then the
female? arrive, and during June and
July -ihr young are bom and nursed
and taught to swim. A striking degree
of matrrnal care and lovp is exhibited
and even the males help teach the
young. The mothers go out after food,
nurse their young and early lead them
into the surf. The mother win hold
it r pup's nose above Water in its first
lessons at swimming, will play with
it in the water, takine it now and then
by the nnpe of the ivok and throwing
it. to carefully catch it when it alights,
and will go away from the surf and
float on the surface with its pup lying
on its breast.
If the sea linn was worth hunting
there would bo no call for official ex
termination. He was worth hunting
once years ago. The white man began
it when ho first got here. The prizes
were the coarse hides and the fat for
oil for domestic markets and the
whiskers and some other small parts
of the carcass for the Chinese market.
They were slain by the thousands up
to ten or fifteen years ago all along the
coast, from Lower California north.
Then the market for the hides and oil
passed away and the whiskers, etc,
for the Chinese market would not pay
for the trouble and expense of killing
them. This and the legal restrictions
have given the sea lion a chance. The
Government's prohibitions were not to
piotect the sea Hon. The regulation
w.is made because the hunters of sea
lions, gulls' eggs, etc., at the Farallones
and on other reservations got up such
bloody wars and stole, wrecked or in
terfered with so much (invernment
property and so much Government
business that the thing was a nuisance
to be abated. It is this fact that gives
President Vogelsang confidence that
the request of State officers will be
granted.
If it is a romantic and picturesque
campaign will .be promptly inaugur
ated. The sea lions will be greatly les
sened but not exterminated. President
Jordan indorses the campaign and says
that if ninety-nine of every hundred
males were killed the race would still
be all right and there would be many
fish saved. It is said that the war will
be made on the males. Probably it
will, but the purpose is to reduce the
herds during the breeding season, and
it is possible that some mothers and
pups will accidentally suffer.
President Jordan takes great Interest
in the matter and will visit the rook
eries while the war la .waged.18
IS MARY B. EDDY THE PROPHETESS OF CHRISTIAN SCIENCE?
Her Personality
Bitterly Attacked
By Old Energies.
A CONTROVERSY* has broken out
in Boston over the question as to
who is entitled to the somewhat
doubtful honor of having founded,
that system of "healing" (the
, . printer Is Instructed to make the
quotation marks as emphatically con
spicuous as the sarcastic resources of the
typographical art will permit)— that sys
tem of "healing," then, which is known
as Christian science, and which IS re
sponsible for the death of Harold Fred
oric and the continued valetudinarianism
of many less noted individuals. Was Mrs.
Mary Eddy the inventor, creator or foun
der of this boon or this bane.?
She "claims' that (quotation ' marked)
"honor." In the forthcoming (May) num
ber of the Arena, however, will appear
a couple of signed. articles in which her
claim is contested in favor of the late
Phineas Parkhurst Qulmby. The writers
insist thai the prophetess who demands
"honor" in her own country is simply an
abject follower and plagiarist of a prophet
who met the proverbial fate of all proph
ets. He was the Columbus who discov
ered the land of promise. She was the
Amerigo Vespucci who gave it her name.
The first of these writers is Horatio W.
Dresser, whose father was an intimate
friend of the aforesaid and unhoi
Quimby, and a* such has had access to
the papers of thai benefactor of his kind.
The second is Josephine Curtis Woodbury,
who has been an intimate friend of tlie
prophetess, and writes from the acerbic
view point of one wh.o has been an inti
mate friend and Is now an Intimate en
emy.;
The Leading Facts.
Mr. Dresser starts out by constituting
these as the facts of leading importance:
Mrs. Mary Baker Eddy, formerly Mrs.
Mary Mason Patterson of Sanbornton
Bridge; N. H., is regarded by many thou
sands of faithful followers as the orig
inator by "divine revelation" in 1866 of the
philosophy and practice of mental or
spiritual healing, best known in its sec
tarian phase as ''Christian science.'
The lollowerafcof the movement recog
nize only ■!:. authority Of Mrs. Eddy, and
the Bible as interpreted in her text books;
other literature on the subject is prohibit
ed, and her followers are not permitted
to Dilate with other organizations. Mrs.
Eddy is compared to Christ, whose face is
made to resemble hers in a picture where
the two stand side by Side; her words are
deemed the words of the divlnest author
ity, and although she has probably not
been a well man for over forty years,
she. is believed by her disciples to be per
fectly sound and true. The chief tenets
of her doctrine are that there is but one
principle or spirit in the universe, that
"all is mind, there is no matter," "all is
good, there is no evil," and that conse
quently by those who know this abstract
"truth all seeming evil and disease are
dismissible as "errors of mortal mind."
It is useless, then, to complain to a be
liever in this doctrine that one is suffer
ing, or to ask how one shall succor the
poor; for one Is emphatically informed
that there Is no suffering, "there are no
poor."
Quimby the Discoverer.
If now we ask. "Whence came the truth
in the doctrine, so far as it has proved
helpful as a principle of cure, and how
does it chance to be intermingled with ir
rationality and fanaticism? we find that
Christian science had two sources; only
a tain peculiarly worded interpretation
of the great truths of mental hea'lrg is
original with Mrs. Eddy— the truth itself
was rediscovered by Dr. P. P. Quimby
(ISO 2-1566); who not only restored Mr.= .
Eddy, then Mr Patterson, to partial
health in th<> autumn of 1562. after six
years of Invalidism; but also freely shared
with her ideas which afterward formed
thn element of truth in her special "rev
elation."
1 >r. Quimby began his researches In the
r< aim of mind as lone ap> as 18' iv v.\d
Mr. ! '■ in his possession a Bcrap
l k containing newspaper reports of hi*
wonderful power first as a mesmerist,
then, for many years before Mrs. Patter-
Eddy first Baw him. as a practitioner
of th«- method of silent treatment, now
widely known as the mind cure.
I >r. Quimby first restored himself to
health aft«-r having been condemned by
est physicians and then devoted the
rider of his life to the si<-k and t i
the formulation of the principles which
his remarkable cures Illustrated. His
manuscripts, all of which Mr. Dresser has
and copied, contain, says Mr. Dres
si-r. ;i complete theory of disease and its
: 1 1 1 • l although they bear evid
work, are nevertheless dearly
an original mind, of one
in whom the love of truth dominated all
els". Vet this friend of the sick, whose
irea were witnessed by
many now living, has been condemned as
an "ignorant mesmerist." or magnetic
. by the very woman whom he once
although she had publicly
• 1 the man and his work, while his
manuscripts are either called Mrs. Eddy's
'serfbbllngs," or are utterly ignored.
first misstatement Rave grown
rts. enlarged as they passed from
; to mouth, which have caused the
Christian Scientists to brand as decelv
able of tilling the truth.'" all
who know the facts about Mrs. Eddy;
while the independent followers of men
allng and all advocates of the New
Thought have been greatly hampered In
■ .- for humanity by thes*- mis
menta rind by their excluslv<
and personality worship which all true
of humanity must deplore. It la
solely with the high hope of removing
strained relations, not with the
Slightest desire to attack Mrs. Eddy's
alitv, that Mr. Dresser makes this
public statement,
Julius A. Dresser Appears.
Mr. Dresser's father, .Julius a. Dresser
was a patient and follower of Dr Quim
l'v in Portland, lie., from Juno. ifc6o and
n Portland when Mrs. Kddv then
Mrs. Patterson, came from Hill n'h to
receive treatment "He owed the thir'tv
rs of his Ufe following mo to
J>r. Qiiimby, whose ideas he ardcntlv es
poused and often explained to new na
llents, among them Mrs. Eddy. The first
mention of Mrs. Eddy in my father's
Journal Id i October 17, 1862, and my mother,
Annette G. Dresser, who was cured by
Dr. Qulmby after six years of hopeless
invalidism. was present when Mrs. Eddy
was assisted up the steps to Dr Quim
by's office. I have had the acquaintance
of those who copied all of Dr. Quimby's
manuscripts from the original, and have
recently had access to letters written by
Mrs. Eddy between 1862 and 1866." Mr
Dresser's facts are, therefore, first hand
and he tolls us that he could if
necessary, substantiate by competent
witneses and legal testimony all that he
now feels called upon to state.
Nine Indictments.
(\) Mrs. Eddy was never the secre
tary of Dr. Quimby, this office having
been filled by the- Misses Ware and
Mr. George A. Quimby.
(2) Hr Qulmby was not the author
of "Science and Health." which was
not published until 1875, nine years
after Dr. yulmby's death. His 'most
ardent frjunds would claim for him
only the discovery of the truth of
thought power, of a causative influ
ence in the production and cure of
disease and of the method of silent
treatment during the years 1838-1865;
th«> ideas were his and frequently the
language in which the science was de
scribed by Mrs. Eddy; but the pub
lished writings of Mrs. Eddy were
never claimed to have been written by
Dr. Quimhy in their final form.
(?,) Mr. Dresser's father lent Mrs
Eddy his copy of the first volume of
Dr. Quimby's manuscripts, which she
may have copied for herself. The
articles in this volume wre written in
T>r>;i-1860 and were followed by articles
written in 1861-1865, which M*rs. Eddy
probably never saw, but which the
deponent has been familiar with since
I*3. These articles contain a full
statement of Dr. Quimby's theory,
with abundant incidents drawn from
his practice, references to the Blblo
and Illustrations from the Civil War,
in progress while they were written
The style is very unlike that of Mrs.
Kildy, who never could have written
im. No on« who should read them
would doubt the power and sincerity
of their author.
(4) The first statement made in the
Christian Science Sentinel of February
16. 1R99, that these manuscripts may
have been left with Dr. Qulmby "years
ago" has no -foundation whatever in
truth. That they could not have been
"stolen from my (Mrs.- Eddy's) pub
lished works," as Mrs. Eddy suggests,
Mr. Dresser says he is ready absolute
ly to prove. The Quotations from
these writings which Mrs. Eddy says
"were my own words, as near as I
can recollect them.". -were from an ar
ticle written by Dr. Quimby in ISG3.
copied by Mr. Dresser himself into a
book which Mrs. Eddy never saw,
from the manuscript book of Dr.
Quimby's writings, copied from the
original, not a page of which Mrs. Eddy
ever saw. The statements of 'Eu
gene Greene." quoted in the Sentinel,
that Dr. Quimby "requested us to
transform" his "scribbllngs," "which
wo did." are also wholly false. These
statements entirely misrepresent Dr.
Quimby's practice and teaching and
his relationship with Mrs. Eddy. Dr.
Quimby did term his theory the "Sci
ence of Health." He also used the
term "Christian Science."
i.'ii No stranger who has visited Mr.
Quimby to procure his father's writ
ing's has. or ever will have, the slight
est success. But the fact that they
will not be published verbatim, < x
under certain conditions not y ( t ful
fUled, is obviously no reason t'>r "dar
ing" their owner t" Issue them; there
• too many who know of thi lr char
acter to doubt that they are precisely
as represented.
(6) As for the statements In >• >urt of
l>r. E. J. Xrens, referred to in the
Christian Sci< 3< men
tioned, Mr. Dresser knew Dr. Arena
and knows also that he never saw Dr.
Qulmby. and that nothing has ever
been settled In court concerning tl.>-
Quimby manuscripts.
(7) The extracts quoted from Dr.
Quimby in th" Sentinel an from
of his earlier articles, and do not
quately represent him. !!<■ held a very
exalted Idea of God, quite superior
to that of Mrs. Eddy; he did not deny
the existenci of matter; no fi I
his claim.- that Mrs. Eddy has plagiar
ized to any extent fr^m Dr. Quimby's
later manuscripts, because she never
saw the best of them; Dr. Quimby was
not a spiritualist, and Mrs. Eddy pub
licly defended him against the charge
in Warren. Me., In the spring of 1864;
he did not teach that his treatment
was due to the transmission of elec
tricity; he discarded mesmerism many
years before Mrs. Eddy visits! him as
a patient in 1862; and the "discovery"
of Mrs. Eddy In 1806 was simply the
fact that after Dr. Quimby's death.
with no one likely to Bucceed him, she
must depend upon herself, since her
revered teacher and nHper could no
longer lie called uoon, as formerly, to
help her out of every little ailment.
(M The Sentinel quotes a letter from
Mrs. Eddy as follows:
"The following extract copied from a
letter to me recently received from a
well-known Christian Scientist may at
least amuse the readers of our journal.
After doing justice to this subject I
had dropped it, as we naturally turn
away from a fossilized falsehood.
Hut evidence and testimony on the
side of truth are always in order, and
proverbially better late than never.
"'lt might be Interesting for you to
know that Mr. A. J. Swartz of Chicago
we,u to see the late Dr. P. P. Quiin
by's son, and procured his father's
writings for the purpose f having
them published, in order to show thn
world that your ideas were borrowed
from Quimby. After having examined
them, to his utter disappointment it
was found there was nothing that
would compare in any way to science
and health; and he, Swartz, concluded
that it would aid you too much to
publish them, so they were returned
to the owner.
" 'Mrs. Swartz saw and read these
MSS. and she gave me this informa
tion. MARY H. PHILBRICK.
" 'Austin, 111., May IR. 1892.' "
"I am informed (March 26, 1W). by
Mr. George A. Quimby, that there Is
'not a shadow of truth' in the above
claims. Mr. Swartz visited Belfast, it.
is true, but was only permitted to rend
and copy from the scrapbook contain
ing newspaper references to Dr. Quim
by. Mr. Quimby read aloud a few
paragraphs from his father's writings,
l>ut did not permit these writings
even to be examined by Mr. Swartz.
Mrs. Swartz did not accompany her
husband, and Mr. Quimby never saw
her. I can produce statements In Mr.
Swartz's own words to show that
Mary H. Philbrick has wholly mis
represented the result of the visit to
Mr. Quimby."
(9) In the samp issue of the Sentinel
Mrs. Eddy says:
"In IS6I~ when I first visited Dr.
Quimby of Portland. Me., his scrib
bllngs Were descriptions of his pa
tients and comprised the manuscripts
that. In 1887, I advertised I would pay
for having published. Before his de
cease, In January, 1866, he had tried
to get them published and failed
"The. quotations contained in the ar
ticle above— purporting to be Dr
Quimby's own words— were written
while. I was his patient in Portland
and holfling long conversations with
him on my views of mental therapeu
tics. Some words in these quotations
certainly read like words that I said
to him, and, at his request to correct
his copy, had added thereto. In hfs
conversations with me, and in his
pcrlbblings, the word science was not
used at all, till one day I declared to
him that bark of hfs magnetic treat
ment and manipulation, of jiatlents
there was a science, and it was the
science of mind, that had nothing to
do with matter, electricity or physics."
Points in Dispute.
The truth, according to Mr. Dresser, Is
that Dr. Quimby left Portland in 1865 to
rewrite his manuscripts for publication,
but died before they were In any respect
in shape to offer to a publisher. The state
ment that "he tried to get them published
and failed" is absolutely false. Equally
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
false is the statement that Mrs. Eddy
helped Dr. Quimby in any way. "The at
tempt, repeatedly made, to show that
Mrs. Eddy taught Dr. Quimby is utterly
baseless, and Mrs. Eddy knows that in
Bach statements, and in her effort to
shew that he was a mere mesmerist, who
once controlled her, she entirely misrep
resents one whom she once compared to
J. -stis and whom it was once her pleasure
to defend."
The statement has been made that Mrs.
Eddy was never Mrs. Patterson, and con
sequently i.s not the same person who
learned Dr. Quimby's ideas and methods
in 1862. Hut in a letter addressed to the
Boston Post, dated "No. f,iiO Columbus
avenue. March 7. £883," Mrs. Eddy says:
"In IW2 my name was Patterson, my
husband, Dr. Patterson, a distinguished
dentist. After our marriage I was con
fined to my bod with a severe Illness, and
seldom left hed or ronm for seven years,
when 1 was taken to Dr. Quimby and par
tially restored. I returned home once more
ti vrake that, home happy, but only re-
turned to a new ngrir.y to find my hus
had eloped with a married woman
from one of the wealthy f;im...es of that
City, leaving no trace save his last letter
to us. wherein he wrote: 1 hope some
time to be worthy of so good a wife. 1 I
have a hill of divorce from him, obtained
in the County of Essex."
Mr. Dresser lias In his temporary pos
- of letters addressed to
I>: Quimby, which no one except their
■ ■■« ncr has s< en f< r more than thirty years,
until they came into his hands, March 1,
£69d.
Dr. Qilimby's Powers.
There is not In these letters the least
attempt to discredit Dr. Quimby's power
as a mental healer, not the slightest men
tion of magnetism or electricity, and no
suspicion that his treatment was not of a
high spiritual character. On the contrary,
a longing is expressed to attain as high a
level, and there is every reason to believe
that the temptation to claim the great
new truths as her own came later, when
the field wns free. It is noticeable, how
evi r, that the- temperament is one of ex
ceeding susceptibility to the pains of oth
• is; there is cnnstK-.it appeal tn Dr. Quirt*/
free her frmn these sensations, and
it is evident that here is the origin of
Mrs. Eddy's later theory that people car,
affect each other by •'malicious anlma'v
maftietipm." There is no reference to an
m«nt."
f have shown these letters to trust
worthy people, who certify that they are
in Mrs. Eddys handwriting, and express
surprise that one who formerly held Dr.
Quimby in sucb high esteem should tram
pi, upon his reputation, claiming his hard
won laurels as her own, borrowing his
ideas, adopting his method of treatment
and even stating in print that his writings
may have been "stolen" from her pub
lished v/orks!
It is easy, however, to understand the
persistence of the false claims of Mrs
Eddy. Her followers really believe that
the truths of mental healing came to Mrs
Eddy by revelation, that Dr. Quimby was
a mere mesmerist whom Mrs. Eddy in-
CLAIMS TO CAST OUT DEVILS.
Story of a Mao Who Has Been in the Practice for Thirty Years.
READING, Pa., April 22,-Thousands
of people in East Pennsylvania are
familiar with the witch doctor of
Reading. No matter where he
goes, by day or by night, in car
riage or on foot.people look after him and
wonder who is his latest patient. Plain
as a farmer, methodical, reserved, yet
determined, and gifted with hard common
sense, the witch doctor goes about his
business, and in all the thirty years of
his practice he has never been accused of
wrongdoing. His business thrives.
"They only send for me," said the doctor
"when the usual medical treatment fails.
Then they come for miles, from all direc
tions, principally from the country dis
tricts. You may be sure that when I do
come to a house the case [ find requires
strong measures, if the sufferer is a man
or woman, boy or girl, it requires heroic
attention. If the ordinary medical aid has
failed, and the verdict of the neighbors
is that the patient is suffering from
witches, nothing short of something
miraculous is going to satisfy them. I
never tell a patient right out what I think
of the case. Sometimes I find a young
woman upstairs in a dark room shrieking
that seven devils are after her. She is
in a terribly nervous state, pacing up and
down the floor, while her parents are in
terror below. They have read their Old
and New Testaments faithfully, and they
Implore me to use my power to cast out
devils or any other familiar spirits that
may possess the sufferer. I at once put
myself In full communion with these
people. As they believe, so I believe. I
hear their story. Every symptom is re
lated to me. For weeks the patient has
been acting like one possessed; no
sleep, no appetite, frightful imaginations,
spasms, wasting away, shrieks, hysteria,
epilepsy, lunacy, whatever it may be.
They say she is bewitched.
"I agree with them. I go up to the
young woman, sit down with her, order
the light of day turned in to the room,
take her by the hands, tell her to be
calm, command her (Irmly yet grently to
be quiet. I say I have come to cure her;
structed, and that the whole subject of
her Indebtedness to him was settled in
court. Consequently, these mlsstatements
have been passe! from mouth to mouth,
until nowadays they are repeated in pub
lic addresses by innocent people who
would be dumfounded to know that they
are false. Yet I can name trustworthy
people who could give much more dam
aging testimony than the above. The
evidence is firsthand, and has been care
fully investigated by competent scientific
authorities. But I have tried to say the
best word possible for Mrs. Eddy—name
ly, that she was once loyal to Dr. Quim
by and valued the great truths which he
discovered. I must at the same time
state, however, that never has man or
woman been so idealized, never have a
religious leader's followers been so de
ceived. I have been familiar with the his
tory of the mental healing movement
from my boyhood, and have known of
one right hand manor woman after an
other who became undeceived and separ
ated from Mrs. Eddy, and if half were
told that could be told the exposure would
produce an unparalleled sensation.
Why Withheld So Long.
Mr. Dresser acknowledges the pertin
ency of these questions. Why have these
facts been so long withheld? Why have
not these former favorites exposed Mrs.
Eddy? Because one and a'l feared her,
were afraid of her "malicious" treatment.
Two editors of mental healing publica
tions have had the courage to publish
historical statements concerning Mrs.
Eddy. But both wrote to Mr. Dresser
that their business was threatened with
ruin if they dared to publish anything
more about her. "I was informed by one
publisher that his receipts fell off' one
half from the time he printed certain let-
ters of mine concerning Dr. Quimby.
What, then, could one do when those who
needed to be undeceived wore expressly
forbidden to read one's articles, when one
must contend with a powerful ecclesiasti
cal and financial organization? One could
only await the time when all things
should tend toward the overthrow of this
gigantic delusion. The time has come.
Within a few months those who know
I am the witch doctor. I. tell her that I
already know the evil spirit or demon
that possesses her and that I can certain
ly drive it from her. If she is strong
enough I take her downstairs and out Into
the open air. To pacify her I may utter
some strange sounds or words as I go;
make some odd movements; turn a chair
back to the door; lay sticks of wood In
her path; do any odd ihing that she sees,
while I say that for the devil, that for the
witch, that for the evil spirit; anything
that will strike the patient as a remark
able act or declaration— something that
she his never before sven or heard.
"I relieve in animal magnetism. You
see, I am physically sirong. I believe in
mental control to a certain extent. I find
that the unusual, extraordinary, mysteri
ous or heathenish as you may put it, has
a wonderful effect on such a sufferer.
She watches me closely; listens attentive
ly. T want her to do this. 1 want to dis
tract her. It is wonderful how the patient
calms down. 1 appear terribly in earnest
to defeat the witch, and in this way T
have gained the name of witch doctor.
Then when T have the patient quieted I
proceed to give her medicine to quiet her
nerves; I induce her to eat; I go through
various incantations at the door and win
dows of her room, vowing that every evil
influence will forever be barred out, and
try with my own strong will to impress
It upon the sufferer that she is to be free
from the witch and then I leave her.
"In a majority of cases such afflicted
women are restored to health by proper
medical assistance and nursing. You
know that in this age, while it is very
much improved over the century just
passed,, there are yet many in the back
woods districts who .-itill believe in being
afflicted by spells from witches. Under
stand me, I do not say they are wrong.
I have seen many strange cases and I
cannot say that they vrere the result of an
overwrought imagination. I only know
that they acted as If they imagined they
were verging on insanity. Indeed, some
have told me they thought so. Their
nerves were completely upset. Yet all
they needed was some strong force of
the facts have been besieged by Inquirers
and those Intending to prepare exposes.
The disruption must follow, and conse
quent upon It will come a great reaction
in favor of the rational philosophy found
ed by Dr. Quimby."
Hiss Woodbury's Charges.
So mucn for Mr. Dresser. Now for Miss
Woodbury. She begins with a quotation
from Revelations. x:l-3, xli:}-8, "And I
saw another mighty angel come down
from heaven, clothed with a cloud; and
he had in his hand a little hook, open:
and he set his right foot upon the sea,
and his left foot on the earth, and cried
with a loud voice, as when a lion rOareth.
* • * And there appeared a great
wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with
tho sun, and the moon under her feet,
and upon her head a crown of twelve
stars; and she. being with child, cried,
travailing in birth and pained to he de
livered. And there appeared another
wonder in heaven; and behold a great
red dragon, having seven heads and ten
horns, and seven crowns upon his heads;
and his tail drew the third part of the
stars of heaven, and did cast them to
the earth, and the dragon stood before
the woman which was ready to be de-
livered, for to devour her child as soon
as it was bnrn. And she brought forth a
man child, who was to rule all nations
with a rod of iron; and her child was
caught up unto God, and to his throne
and the woman fled into the wilderness,
where she hath a place prepared of God
that they should feed her there a thou
sand, two hundred and tnree score days."
The followers of Mrs. Eddy assert that
mind and body to combat them and put
them at their ease by assuring them that
they would be certainly relieved from the
powers of the witches or the devils in
them.
"Men are not so often attacked. Young
girls and young women are mostly af
flicted. Sometimes I am called to see
boys, and at other times babies in the
cradle, who are apparently starving amid
plenty, but who have Bhrunk to living
skeletons. The parents of such babies in
variably tell me an old woman witch is
under suspicion. I at once enter into
their belief and proceed with a number
of incantations, hut leave medicines for
the ailment I think the child is afflicted
with, and then go away saying that I
had baffled the witch and giving special
Instructions about the first oM woman
who crosses their threshold. Mind you, i
do not say that a spell cannot he put on
a child or any one else. It is safer to tell
you that all surh cases arc overwrought
nervousness. But people have been pos
sessed with devils in all ages. The Lord
cast out devils. Familiar spirits are
chronicled in all histories. The American
Indians had their medicine men who witli
incantations cast out devils, or evil
spirits. We are no better than the peo
ple of a century or ten centuries ago.
We are weaker and wiser, hut we may
be just as full of evil, and just as much
subject to devils as the people of the past
were. I don't say we are. but the sutono
sitlon is that we are, because we are
weaker and wiser.
"We have keener imaginattons, have
more business, more mental activity and
our nerves are more played upon 'Now
couple a mental or a nervous u.sorder or
disarrangement of any bodily function
with an Imagination of devils, witches or
devils, and what is the result? It must
not be said that a man who pretends to
cast out witches is a believer in witch
craft. The patients generally are the be
lU-vers. and they want human sympathy
first, and then, having faith, they can be
aided, possibly, better than in ahv other
way. But, mind you, I don't say tnov are
wrong. I don't say that the casting ,>{u
of devils in the New Testament is false
doctrine or pernicious teaching The
greatest scholars of past history believed
in demonology."
these apocalyptic passages refer to Mrs.
Mary Mason Baker Glover Patterson
Eddy, who was born in the neighborhood
of Concord, N. H., nearly four score
years ago. In other words, these devo
tees maintain that Mrs. Eddy is "the
feminine principle of the Messianic ex
pectation" in the nineteenth century;
that the man child born to the apoca
lyptic woman is Christian Science, while
the angelic little book preee.eding this
birth is Mrs. Eddy's "Science and
Health, With Key to the Scriptures."
An astute critic declares "a woman
clothed with the sun" the most stupend
ous metaphor in any language. Is Mrs.
Eddy that woman? asks Miss Woodbury.
Is the moon under her feet, and are the
twelVe stars on her head. Is she an
tagonized by a great dragon ready to
destroy her revelation? Is her Christian
Science "to rule all nations with a rod of
iron?" Has this child been caught up
into heaven? Was Portland. Lynn or
Boston the wilderness to which this
woman was to flop after her travail; or
Is her desert to be looked for in her
"Pleasant View" estate at Concord, N.
11., whither the prophetess of Christian
Science retreated some years ago?
Phineas Parkhurst Quimby, from whom
Mra. Eddy learned all she knows of the
theory and practice of metaphysical heal
ing, was born in Lebanon, N. H., Febru
ary 16, 1802, but spent the larger part of
his life in Belfast, Me., where he was well
known, both for his successful healing
and for his personal goodness. H*» inter
est in the power of mind began In 1838,
and his early methods involved mesmer
ism, clairvoyance and scriptural laying on
of hands; but a few years later he gave
up the practice of mesmerism and began
to heal diseases by the silent mental
method, declaring "Truth" to be the great
healer; yet not deriving his theory or
practice from the Bible, though rejoicing
In scriptural indorsement. In 1559 Dr.
Quimby removed to Portland. In a cir
cular to the sick, which he distributed
while in Portland, he says:
"My practice is unlike all medical prac
tice. I give no medicines and make no
outward applications, but simply sit by
the patient, tell him what he thinks is his
disease, and my explanation is the cure.
♦ • • If I succeed in correcting his er
rors I change the fluids of his system and
establish the truth or health. The truth
la the cure. This mode of treatment ap
plies to all cases." /
In October, 1862, when Dr. Quimby had
been four years in Portland, working
what were called miracles of bodily heal
ing, there was, one day. assisted up his
stairs a woman who declared herself suf
fering with spinal disease. The new pa
tient was poor: but through the doctor's
aid she found a boarding place near by.
Concerning this period we have ample
testimony from those who daily saw Mrs.
Kddy (then Mrs. Patterson), to the effect
that, though claiming to be so well at the
end of three weeks as no longer to need
treatment. Mrs. Patterson still went regu
larly to Dr. Quimby's office to ask him
questions concerning his methods. When
in her own room she was busily engaged
in putting on paper the points she drew
from him. and these papers were after
ward corrected by him if in any way she
misinterpreted his ideas.
Amerigo Vespucci Patterson.
Where did Mrs. Patterson discover
Christian Science? asks Miss Woodhury,
and she answers her own question thus:
In her own body. How? By the action
upon her own mind, of Dr. Quimby'B
mental method?, which she now declares
to have been not mental. Dr. Quimby
wrote out in full his opinions and con
clusions on the subject of disease, and
not with the help of Mrs. Patterson, but
with that of trusted friends and patients
in Portland, sonv* of whom are still liv
ing to tell the facts and have their cop
ies of Dr. Quimby'a writings among
their most precious possessions.
The following headlines of an article
dated 1X63 show conclusively the senti
ments of Dr. Quimby at that time:
"My Conversion From Disease to
Health, and the Subsequent change
From Belief in the Medical Faculty to
Entire Disbelief in It. and to the
Knowledge of the Truth on Which I Base
My Theory."
"My theory teaches man to manufac
ture health, and when people go into this
occupation disease will diminish, and
those who furnish disease and death will
be few and scarce. "
When Dr. Quimby was in his grave
and Julius Dresser did not succeed him'
as Mrs. Eddy had anticipated, her first
It Is Claimed
Dr. P. P. Qubmfoy
Started It.
step was tn practice mental healing, in
a tentative fashion, which, at the end of
nine years, all being quiet on the fn
tomac, led to her publication, In ilsra, 01
her first edition of "Science and Health
though si:,, bad copyrighted It (as she
states in her preface to the edition or
in,m;j tiv«. years before.
In 1881 Mrs. Eddy moved from Lynn to
Boston, living first at 569 and afterward
at 571 Columbus avenue, until, in TO,
she purchased a house in the fashionable
Back Bay district, 355 Commonwealth
avenue, near the Leif Ericsson statue.
Organizes the Mother Church.
As soon as she was 'veil settled in th»
city she organized a Christian Science
church, at first holding services in Haw
thorn Hall, on Park street, overlooking
the common— "the Church of the Holy
Elevator," as a newspaper critic pro
fanely termed it: and later in Chlicker
ing Hall, 133 Tremont street. About the
same time she established her Metaphy
sical College and her students' associa
tions, enlarged Science and Health, pub
lished several Bmaller books and set In
motion the Christian Science Journal.
In 1882 her fourth husband, Dr. Eddy,
died. The physician who i -'inducted tue
autopsy says tliut the death was the
result of distinctly developed heart dis
ease, but Mrs. Eddy declared that it was
the efffi'v of arsenical poisoning, mental
ly administered. At this time Mrs.
even urged Miss Wopdbury to represent
to Wendell Phillips, an old family friend,
that Dr. Eddy had !><■< n mentally killed
by former students, now antagonistic
rivals, whom he had not seen for months
and years.
Ordained by Her Own Students.
She soon had herself privately ord
to the ministry by her own students.
"W'hfn she preached the hall was crowd
ed, a:>.d contribution box* - w< re much b'-t
--ter filled than usual, though this did not
often happen, for gent-rally Mrs. Eddy
preached only three or four times a year,
and even then her sermons were as like
each other as dried peas, though the ad
miring Dorcases, Priscillas. Bapphlras,
Johns, J'eier?, Melchisedeks and Keturahs
whispered their rapt adoration to each
other, "Wasn't she splendid to-day?"
ecstatically unconscious that they had
heard substantially the same address six
weeks before.
When others preached she occasionally
attended the church whereof she was
nominally a pastor, and took some part in
the service. Once she held a bapi
service without water, though her mem
ory failed her in repeating the formula
prepared Jby herself, and sometimes there
was a communion service without wafer
or wine. Most Sundays, however
worshiped God in the privacy of her own
riome. If wonder was expressed I I
absence the adoring disdpl< a replied,
"How could she. the divinely inspired,
bear to hear ordinary preaching?"
Her invisibility increased her repute,
and whoever the speaker, the congrega
tion joined in her extraordinary version of
the Lord's Prayer, replete with turgid
polysyllables from the Latin and a be
wildering admixture of pronouns and con
fusion of tenses. If she could not be
present her brief telegram was re< •
with adulation by hundreds who had
never met her. Soon she forbade students
calling their Christian Science teach' rs
by. the name of "Mother," as had been
their wont. Herself she styled "Mother
Mary." and the behavior of the raptured
throngs rivaled the- enthusiasm of the
populace over a returned hero.
Illegal Degrees.
Miss TVoodbury alleges that in IRS9 Mrs.
Eddy ostensibly gave up her college and
retired to Concord, X. H., at the very pe
riod when a Massachusetts District At
torney was looking for evidence of that
institution's illegally conferred degrees, of
which there were thousands, punishable
with a fine of $500 for each offense. "is
this the reason." she asks, "that for ten
years Mrs. Eddy has not visited Boston on
a week day, when she would be subject to
arrest?"
From Concord she issues her edicts
and manifestoes. Multitudes go thither
to worship at her shrine and are satis
fied if they do not even touch the hem of
her garment but only see her from afar,
as a beatific vision, while she speaks
few commonplace words or repeats the
Ninety-first P?alm ere she turns her back
on her visitors. She is accompanied by
her liveried secretary on her daily drive
in a close carriage, keeping off every
draught that might cause her to catch
a New England cold.
The mother church grew valiant, de
spite one or two dissolutions, til! i
the granite building on Falmouth street
was erected at a cost of some %2i>i>
"mother's room" was elegantly fitted up
here for Mrs. Eddy's special occupancy,
though it is 'not always open to ordinary
mortal eye?. Occasionally the :
emeritus comes from her "rural retreat
when she emerges from her sanctuary,
to bless the gazing adorers,
and only resume their seats when she
is enthroned in the pulpit.
Again they remain standing after the
benediction, till she re-enters her holy of
holies, where she may hold sacred
munion with the lifelike picture of the
old chair in which she claims to have
r.een sitting when writing her ii -
volume, until time for me carriage to
take her to a special train.
With the opening of the new church
came a new commandment, that here
after the Bible and "Science and
Health' should be its only pastors, no
original discourses being allowed, only
readings, by a man and woman alter
ternately. of presumably corresponding
paseages from the two sacred volumes.
"Malicious Animal Magnetism."
• ."No sect prospers without a devil,"
says Miss Woodbury, sagely, "the ra
tional religion being ever for the hope
less minority. Dr. Quimby knew no
devil, since to him all things were divine
ly planned and planted. Christian Sci
ence started without a devil, but Mrs.
Eddy could not control the multitude,
and so fashioned a Hsto in a new
dress and christened him 'Malicious An
imal Magnetism.' "
This "Mother Church" of Boston has
a roll of 12,000 members from all over the
country, but its affairs are lodged in the
hands of the forty "first members," and
its control is practically lodged in a star
chamber sanhedrim of seven, unless its
manual has been recently changed, as oft
happens.
How is the Christian Science organiza
tion maintained? asks Miss Woodbury.
Partly, she replies, through the convic
tion that deeds are right because the
leader does them, rather than that she
acts thus and so because it is right; that
ideas are true because she utters them,
not that she utters them, as Jesus did
because they are true. Buff and blue reb
els are denounced as enemies to God
that is. to his chosen "Wonder in Heav
en," and untoward events are attributed
to the hypnotic malice of somebody who
has : had wit and courage to leave the
ranks.
Said one of Mrs. Eddy's pastoral col
leagues: "If I saw Mrs. Eddy doing some
thing I thought wrong I should know it
was my blunder, not her error for she
can do no wrong." In short. Miss Wood
bury declares that Mary Eddy has no use
for people who think. "Each grim sug
gestion in her interest must infect her
crowd of believers, among whom it
spreads like wildfire. Those who differ
from their teacher, through greater light
as to her motives and history, are pro
nounced devil possessed and capable of
producing contagious horrors, till the very
thought terrifies the devout, and they
•think restraint, or even injury, to such a
one is service to God. especially, if the er
ror, can be dealt with mentally, although
th£ treatment involve gross' bod ly in -
"I say," said the business man to the
detective "some fellow has been repre
senting himself as a collector of ours Ha
has been taking in more money than any
two of the me , n , we have and I want him
collared as quick as you can."
"All right: I'll have him in jail in less
than a week.''
"Great Scot, man! I don't want to put
him in jail; I want to engage him."
"I often wonder what she thinks of
me. said the young married man
"Its easy to find out." said the elderly
married man. "Just sit down on her bat
and she'll tell you all she thinks of you
in less than a minute." Ui JOU
"Dickie,, what did your mamma say
when .he SaW us com !"S along the
"She said. "Well, well, who on earth
son 3 aV ather PiCked Up nSw^ATch?-HIGHBINDER WAR IN CHINATOWN
The Famous Police Raid on the Highbinder Dens,
HE late Fresno battle among Chi
' I k ncs'e highbinders, in which three
* were killed: is not the biggest bat
l that over took place between
ilggesi bat
tween
j the rival societies, by any means.
I The first really successful fight
* ever put up by any tong 01 high
binder society was the most dis
astrous of all. It was consummated in
the old Cliinese Theater on Jackson street
in the early seventies. I saw the result,
which can never be erased from my mem
ory. The diabolical scheme was evolved
in the l". - aln of the old rascal who was
The rhief adviser of the Ok Gong Tong, a
society very popular at that time. His
plot to raise money .■ as as follows;
Certain members of the tong were to
enter the playhouse on .a certain night
when another rival society was to have a
festival. These picked men were to take
s^ais in the gallery and when the house
became well filled they were ordered to
throw some lighted papers saturated with
oil down upon the heads of the audience
pcatfd below in the main portion of the
auditorium. Immediately this was done
the others were to give an alarm of tire.
U<» explained that the result would be a
stampede and a general rush for the
front door. The hatchet men were to he
stationed near that exit and carefully
watch for the men with whom the tong
had to deal. Incidentally, those who were
capable of good light-fingered ■.■...• were
to pick the pockets of the frightened peo
ple who were trying to escape the flames.
The scheme, worked beyond expectation.
As soon as the turning paper was thrown
from the gallery there was a wild rush for
th- front door, the only exit from the
building. Leading from the theater proper
was a long and somewhat narrow
hallway fully forty feet in length and
at the auditorium end of this passage
were, a pair of heavy wooden swinging
doors. After the first few people who
were seaied or standing near the doors
had made their escape! the springs with
which the big doors were kept closed re
coiled and they Hew back into the faces
of the n^xt portion of the surging mob.
With a fury born of desperation they
f.<roed the. doors from their hinges, threw
thf-m into the hallway, felling to the floor
thos=e who had escaped ahead of them.
The result was a bridge over which the
r«--Pt rushed, trampling the very lives out
of the unfortunate creatures who were In
th<=- narrow death-trap ahead of them.
There was no public Morgue in those
days, and it was the custom to farm out
the privilege of caring for the dead to
some •prising undertaker. When that
official arrived at the scene of the disas
ter he found thirteen cold, repulsive bod
ies laid out on the sidewalk, and all had
been robbed of their valuables.
The job had been done in a most care
ful and workmanlike mariner and the
Ok Gong Tong was avenged. When the
history of the highbinders in this city is
put into types it will record a sanguinary
tale that might well rank with any of the
gr»wsome stories of Edgar Allan Poe. or
other clever writers of fiction* who have
depended upon imagination for their ma
terial. The heroic stand made by I.• •■
Bar How in Cum Cook alley when he was
pursued by his many - from one
of the buildings facing on that narrow
thoroughfare is worthy of mention.
Bow was one of the boldest of fighters
ever known in the Chinese quarter. He
declared to his dying day that he had
never taken a human life unless he was
convinced that the act was necessary to
pave, his own.
On this particular occasion How had
been wanted for some months by mem
bers of a rival tong. He had been in hid
ing in one of the flash houses in the alley
for several days, protected by the woman
who remained true to him until the end
earn". A careful watch was kept on the.
house day and night by his enemies.
Finally, through lack oi provisions. Bow
was obliged to make a trip to the shops
to replenish the larder. He had scarcely
reached the second dark landing of the
crooked stairway leading from his quar
ters on the top floor, when the sharp
crack of a revolver and the whiz of a bul
let told him that he was discovered.
Bow fl»;w to the street, for experience
had taught him that it was useless to
fight highbinders in the dark. On his way
to the street he loosened his six-Fho.M.-r
from Its fastenings under his jacket and
prepared to st.ll his life as dearly as pos
sible.
No sooner had he stopped into the open
than batteries were opened on him
from all shies. Never difl man make a
bolder stand. With hip Blx-shootei
ing across hi? arm that he might get a
more steady aim this heathen stood as
firm as a rook and never turned a hair.
His (Minnies were steadily peppering him
from all points of the compass, but he re
mained as calm as if he were taking a
■ observation of the sky in search of
Indication of a change in the
weather. He turned deliberately from
right to left while his six-shooter kept
spitting away. The police soon took a
hand in the game, but not until Bow had
been pretty well perforated with shots
from the enemy's puns.
How was taken to a surgpon. who saved
his life, which was finally forfeited to the
State. He was hanged for the murder of
a fi How-countryman.
To this day one may find grayhoards
around police quarters who believe that
1... s. •: Bow was convicted through the
perjured testimony of rival highbinders,
who took this means of getting him out
of the way.
All who knew him could not help ad
miring the man's supreme courage, His
last wo;-. is to the e\< cutloner were:
"Thank you for your kindness, captain.
Good-by! Tell all China boys to he hon
est and desert the tongs. I know. 1 have
tried both ways, and I say this that all my
trymen may hear and heed. It pays
better to he honest."
These highbinder societies, as we know
them, date from the time of the Tai
J'ing war in China. They are the off
spring of the famous Triad society, mean
■ !<•■ society of the three united-
Heaven, Earth and Man. which according
to Chinese philosophy imply the three de
partments of nature. The Triad society.
It is said, was formed for the patriotic ob
of expelling the Manchus and re
storing the native or Ming dynasty. Tt
is known In s.inie parts of China as the
Kongsi, In this city as the Ge Hin- liter
ally the "heaven and earth Boclety," and
is known from the Straits Settlements
; :n Francisco. The objeota of the
organization appear to have
allied to something like Free Ma
sonry, and to have aimed simply at mu
tual aid anil protection; bui as the num
ber Inert a I views degenerated
from the laudable ends of reciprocal ben
• ti! to robbery, riolei cc and the over
throw of the pro>>rm form of government.
The offshoots of this original society
have produced a countless number of cut
throat organizations, wHb have headquar
.;i every part of the world where.
any number of < Chinese congri Kate.
!■ this city the beginning of all the
troubles known as the highbinder wars
occurred through the arrival here of na
of more than one section of the
province of Kwan;; Tung. The Chinese
ire really divided Into two Kreat
parties the See Yups, meaning the four
counties, and the Sam Yups or th> nun
from the three equnties. The Sec Yups
being the stronper numerically have a
the better of tiie fight, o.i the other
hand, the Sam Vups represent the better
'lass and by far the more wealthy, and
I should say have more sympathy from
the ["■lice than do the See Yups for many
;:s. In the first place, as mentioned
Yups so far outnumber
ih> others that they are the greater
blackguards of the two. and in consc
■ ' do murder with more Impunity
than do their weaker countrymen. Again,
the Sam Yups have their great property
Interests to protect, and if such a thins
is possible are more inclined to expose
the criminals who may be members of
societies, or tongs, as they are
commonly culled. Be this as it may. this
war of thp Chinese Roses, as it were, has
resulted in the building up of a profes
sion which the descendants of the old
pirates of the Pearl River take kindly to.
and the actual number of well-organized
tongs in this city to-day are thirteen in
the See Yup contingent and eight belong
ing to the Sam Yup faction. In addition
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
Lee Sar Bow bunch, ng his fights in Cum Cook aliey. No man ever made a bo'der stand. He was being fired upon by at least
live men, all stat oned at different points of the compass. He never turned a hair, but stood firmly with his six
shooter resting on his arm and turned toward each assailant, and gave him greeting like a revolving gun on the cutter of
a man-of-war. ,
tn this number there are many others of
minor Importance.
I h.-i\<- been fortunate enough to secure
thf seal and certificate of membership of
one of th"S" societies -the only on<
thr way, th.-M maj be designated us the
mother of the whole family, and as they
;irp all very similar J will give this ;is a
sample of the lot.
Do I"; i" mis!<-ri by tii<> rules of
thesr- tnr.g? as they are printed, for they
mlKht fjivo onn the impression thai such
s«^it<-; orders were really ;i great benefit
to the members and an influence for good
to societj ai large. As a matter of fact,
there is scarcely one of the rules which
is properly observed to the letter, Tho
real object of all these organizations is
to rol> and murder, to squeeze tin* honest
nn rchant for .-ill the tariff will bear. To
take the word of Chief Lees, they are
more trouble to his department than all
tin* real of the criminal element of the
< ity combined. This stat< ment has also
been mado by thp mfn occupying similar
us in Hongkong anil ;;!1 t lie Straits
Seti lements.
In order to become a member of the Ge
Hin Society tlio candidate must come to
the headquarters of the tong and an
nounce boldly that he is there of his own
free will; that he has not heen influenced
by any member of the company; that he
does inn rxinri any protection from his
enemies; that lie does not suppose any
commercial advantage is to be gained by
joining the society. All of which he
knows to be a lie from the beginning.
Every Chinese who joins any one of
these tongs ilm-s so with the distinct un
derstanding thai he is to he benefited
through the strength of numbers; that
r- " — : *>
Great secret
Cm oi» or Seal
or the:
Ghee -Kong long ,
The Biggest Highbinder Killing in Chinatown,
The first successful highbinder killing in the o'd Chinese theater on Jackson street.
Thirteen men were killed outright in this affair.
the object of the society is blackmail, and
although all members are not expected to
serve as assassins, he is well aware of
the fact that if murder he necessary to
enforce or emphasize his demands It i 3
an easy matter' to hire certain members
of his own Rarnr of cutthroats to perform
the deed for a comparatively reasonable
sum.
The following list of questions and an
swers t have copied verbatim:
Any person wishing to" join this society must
listen to th" instructions of the headmen, who
teach him. alio\e ali. obedience to parents.
All must obey the company's law and the
orders of the headmen. If a brother through
disobedience or inattention to the orders of the
headmen get" into trouble, ho must manage
for himself, a? the society will have nothing to
do with It.
Any member being about to marry, if he ap
ply to th»" society headmen they will present
him with $4.
Any member dying and leaving a wife or
children here without mean? of subsistence,
if they come and acquaint the headmen they
will receive $1 and fifty catties of rice.
If a woman belonging to a member of the
society run away with another man. he must
>ail together the brethren to come
forward nnd break the laws of the Government
by fighting; it is his own business and he must
manage it: the headmen will not interfere. If
his lawful wife run away with another man he
should acquaint the headmen, and if he has no
money !■> iak>> proceedings in court they will
provide him with a sufficient sum to pa:
and so let the Government punish the offender.
A member must, above all things, honor and
obey his parents; if any brother abuse or curse
his parents, on the headmen being acquainted
with it they will dismiss him from the so
ciety.
Any member (whether headmen or merely
common member) running away with a broth
er's lawful wife or concubine will be dismissed
from the society by the headmen on acquaint
ance with the fact.
[f any member go abroad and quarrel, or
commit murder, or even shod blood, the head
men will not interfere; he must go before the
police and be punished.
It is not permitted for a member to
rtuce Into the society any person employed by
the Government; any memt>er breaking
rule will be dismissed from the society and
severely punished as the headmen may dll
Any member of the society wishing to borrow
money must conform to the rules of tiie so
ciety as to interest, period, etc-. ; lie mast 1 1* >t
charge nor ask more than the rate fixed by
the headmen.
Any member who shall shelter or hide the
runaway wife of a brother member will be
dismissed from the society and punished as the
headmen may direct.
Any member who may be arrested fur quar
reling, gambling or any other minor offense
against the laws of the Government under
which he may be residing should apply to the
headmen for bail. If he is tried and sentenced
he must pay his fine or suffer imprisonment,
as the headmen will have nothing further to
do wtth the case.
Any member guilty of striking, cursing or
abusing his father or mother must be brought
before the headmen, who will reprove him and
fix punishment as they may think proper.
All these rules the candidate makes sol
emn promise to obey, and in order to mure
securely bind him to his word he is
obliped to take oath to the following in
junction:
"1 swear to obey my parents. I swear to
obey al! the instructions of the headmen of the
society, and should I forget my vows may I
within one hundred days die by >elng cut to
pieces, or in the five seas, my flesh floating on
the surface, and my bones sinking to the bot
tom.
"I swear after entering the. tong gale to be
comes one of the tong family, and should I see
a brother of the tong family fighting with my
twin brother who is not a tone brother to do
all in my power to separate them, hut to use
no violence against my tong brother. If I
break this oath may my intestines fall out or
may thunder strike me or fire burn me to
death.
"I also swear that were I to see one of my
tong brothers in the custody of the police or
other Government officers to do all in my power
to rescue him (without breaking the laws of
the country?). Should I disregard this rule
and pass the matter over as of. no consequence
may within one hundred days thunder strike
me down dead in the road and may my bones
perish in the rivers and seas.
"After entering the tong gate I promise not
to attempt to raise myself to the position of'
(Heong Choo) incense burner until I have
obeyed the laws of the tone as handed down
to us and given five years of faithful servlc*.
Should 1 forget this oath 1 expect my brothers
to punish me with at least 108 blows, and if I
twice forget my solemn promise may they cut
off both my ears.
"After entering the tons gate I promise not
to interfere with the Heong Choo at the times
of ceremonies or theatrical performances, and
if I ever attempt to arrest or cause the arrest
of the Heong Choo may a tiger tear me to
pieces, may thunder strike me, may fire burn
me and . may the blood flow from my eyes,
ears, mouth and nostrils.
"I promise if a brother of the tons, through
crime or misfortune, fly to my house for as
sistance, I will do my best to conduct him
in safety over the boundaries that he may
escape. If I ever forget to do this ma^y I
die by the sword within one hundred days and
my body be forgotten.
"I swear never to divulge to my son or any
member of my home family the secrets of
the tong. Nor will I ever dispose of the jacket
which I now wear during the ceremony of my
initiation into this society, as the garments
I now wear I must ever hold sacred. Should
I forget these instructions may I die by the
mouth of tiger or wolf. -■:. ' ■." .
"If I meet a person who has at any time
informed against a tone brother I shall im
mediately consider it my duty to hand him
over to our council that the headmen may
deal with him as they may think just and
proper; he must not escape. Should I allow
him to escape may I hang myself and may
pigs drag and may dogs bite my corpse until
it fall to pieces.
"If, after entering the tong gate, I of the
torn? family, having taken the oath (must
know) that the spirits are regarding, and that
our five ancestors knew -when they first es
tablished this golden brotherhood and arranged
these oaths which have been handed down to
us till now that all the brothers would fulfill
them. I must not disregard the oaths which
I have taken. If 1. with a false heart, take
the vows and am afterward insincere and dis
honorable, may I die by 1000 knives and 10,000
•spears, ar. i may an arrow secretly strike me.
"If With good heart 1 obey and walk accord
ing to the oaths, then will I have 10,000 happi
nesses and felicities." ■'..'.*•'•
So much for the oaths and rules of the
highbinders. The careful reader will
readily observe that the oaths are dia
metrically opposed to the first set of rules,
all of which means that the rules are
printed— or written— might possibly
fall into the hands of one not a member
of the tong. But the oaths are delivered,
as the Chinese express it. from mouth to
ear, giving one a fair idea of what the
real objects of the society amount to.
A very well Informed Chinese said:
"You can hardly blame th^se poor crea
tures for banding together for mutual
protection. They have been squeezed for
a great many centuries by their own
Government, and they naturally protest."
There are at leas! twenty-one well-estab
lished tonga or highbinder societies. How
they all manage to exist is a mystery to
the white man. \V. C. BUNNER.
Points of a Good Cat.
A £<"'<> cat — me Mini you want 10 nave
in the house, if any — will have a round,
stubby, pug nose, full, fat cheeks and up
per lip; a well developed bump on the top
of the head between the ears, betokening
mml nature. A sleepy cat that purrs a
good deal is apt to be playful and good
natured.
By all means to be avoided is a cat with
thin, sharp nose and twitching ears. It
must be remembered also that a good
mouser is not necessarily a gentle or de
sirable pet. Although any good cat will
oatch mice if she is not overfed, quick,
full, expressive eyes generally betoken a
mousing cat.
The greatest mistake— probably the
most common one— in the care of domestic
cats is overfeeding, particularly too much
meat. In the wild life a cat has exercise
which enables her to digest food. In the
lazy house life the same full feeding leads
to stomach troubles and to "fits."—
■Woman's Life.
» ♦ ■
"He has cultivated an extremely mobile
face." .
•\V. 11. he ouprht to."
"Ought to i>. what?"
"Automobile:"— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
1920
THE LYNCHING PROBLEM IN THE SOUTH.
LADY FRANIS BROOME
ONE of the most dramatic scenes
ever enacted In the city of Santa
Barbara occurred a few days ago.
when Lady Frances Broome re
sisted city ot^cials under orders to
remove part of her property.
Of course there are. two sides to every
Ptory. and In this case it is likely that
the I-Vdoral Court will finally be called
upon to determine the case.
Lady Broome came to Santa Barbara
about fifteen years ago In search of
health, and upon finding that the climate
benefited her she decided to remain per
rnancntl>. She built a beautiful residence
on the corner >■' Micheltorena and Cas
tillo streets, and at this time portions of
Micheltorena street were graded and the
general lines of the. street established. The
property known as Baxter Terrace, on the
Bath-street corner, and the Brooms block,
between Castillo and Rancheria streets,
extended some twelve feet beyond the
limit, although in the survey.
Mrs. Broome's place was surrounded by
a beautiful hedge of cypress, and in order
to ide the street to conform with the
lines of the survey twelve feet of Lady
Broome' 8 garden hedge would have to be
removed.
In March. 1898, the City Council ordered
the Marshal to notify Lady Broome and
Mrs. Baxter to correct their lines so they
would conform to those of the street.
Lady Broome refused to comply, holding
that her line was the correct one under
the old Norway survey, made some time
ago. She threatened, if she was dis
turbed, to bring the matter to the United
States courts, which right she had as a
British subject. j-r .'
The matter waa dropped for some time,
until at a recent Council meeting the
Councilmen ordered the Marshal to have
the obstruction removed, as it was the
intention of. the city to soon grade the
street.
The Marshal notified Lady Broome that
the work of removal of the hedge would
commence the following morning.
Lady Brooroe replied that she would re
sist and threatened the use Of dynamite
in case anything was done to her hedge.
At the usual hour of commencing work
the Marshal, with hia force, appeared on
the scene. The gardener. Valenzuela, was
prepared for the onslaught. 'He waa
armed with a largesix-ahooter strapped to
his waist. In full view he stood at the
entrance of the grounds. He ordered the
officers off the place. The Marshal an
swered that the land in dispute was part
of a public street and the public bad. a
perfect rig thereop.
GbvEMORs Of Six StoteT^*
• ■■ ...•••"'■.-•
GOVERNOR MOUNT of Indiana proposes, as a solution of the
lynching problem, the enactment of a law making the county
responsible for such conditions and liable in a civil suit for
damages, the neart^st of kin of the victim being authorized
to institute the suit. The following is Governor Mount's pro
posed solution of the lynching problem:
The good name of Indiana has been dishonored by a lawless mob
that took from the jail in Ripley County and lynched five men charged
<s> — — ■ — <8> with burglary. Even if these men had
GOVERNOR MOUNT, been by a court found guilty, as charged,
. .. their punishment would have been lm
lndiana - prisonment and not death. All sense of
<?• ♦ justice and safety revolts against the
mob as a tribunal for pronouncing judgment or administering punish
ment. Governor Atkinson of Georgia, in his message to the Legis
lature, presents at length the dangerous tendency of mob violence.
In the course of his argument he says:
"The mob Judges without a full and complete hearing from both
sides. Its members are not the most capable of Judging. It decides
in passion, and too often in whisky. How can It fail to make mis
takes and sacrifice the lives of the innocent? I feel," he says, "the
more deeply upon this question because, from the best information I
can secure, I believe that during my administration there have been
in this State several men lynched who were not guilty of the crimes
with which they were charged. How many can never be known, for
their tongues are hushed and they are denied an opportunity to prove
their innocence. I am informed that one man whom the mob believed
to be guilty was shot down. A question then arose as to his identity,
and he was salted down like a hog and shipped to the location of the
crime and found to be the wrong man — an Innocent man."
It cannot be argued that lax enforcement of law justifies a mani
festation of contempt of courts and disregard for the law. Any
county that can organize a sentiment to prevent lynchers from being
punished can also organize against crime and punish criminals in a
court of justice. Where lynch lawlessness obtains there justice is
dethroned and courts are myths. The constitution and laws of the
State would there be trampled under the blood-stained feet of brutal
and lawless men. If mob violence Is to go unpunished then hate and
malice will sit enthroned, and passion, fired by intoxication and gov
erned by a spirit of revpnge, instead of evidence, justice and the law
will render insecure life and property. The anarchist would welcome
such conditions and would then feel licensed to proceed to even up
things according to his dwarfed sense of equity.
t*alenzuela offered no violent opposition
at the time.
Lady Broome. who was absent at the
beginning of the work, soon returned, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
I believe that there is no law-abiding citizen who will attempt
to defend Lynching:, even in what may seem to be the most extreme
*• <?> rases. I have always taken the position
GOVERNOR PINGREE, that if laws arc not observed they should
M , . not be on our statute books. If criminal
Michigan. lawH cannot be promptly and justly cn
<* <& forced there i* something radically wrong
with the people. There is no doubt that some cure for the lynch
ing habit is forely needed, but there is a question in my mind as to
the efficacy of Governor Mount's prescription.
The difficulty is that the mohs. Influenced by passion, would not
stop to W( Igh the 'lists to the county that would result from a civil
suit brought by the relatives of the lynched person, nor would H
car* about the cost.
It also occurs to me that the law recommended by Governor
Mount might not have the effect of making the county authorities
more vigilant in guarding prisoners, because lynchings are very often
d Hi' Ujx n "the spur of the moment" and find officers of the law
utterly unprepared to resist or protect.
Somewhat in the same line I would call attention to that portion
of my message to the Legislature of Michigan recommeridins the
supplemented her gardener's original or
ders In a more emphatic way.
When the officers. Instead of leaving the
place, continued to root out. the hedge.
payment of costs and damages to persons convicted of crime who are
afterward demonstrated to be innocent, as follows:
"In the main the laws of this State have been passed witn tne
object in view of according: to all— the lowliest as well as the l»snesi.
the weakest as well as the strongest, the poorest as well as tne
richest— equal rights and privileges, and subjecting each to the same
punishment, under like circumstances and conditions.
-While it Is the theory of the law that all men stand equally
before it, yet there has been made no provision by means of whicn
justice can be done a man who has been convicted of a crime ana
is afterward shown to be Innocent, or those who are sometimes
wrongfully tried for an offense against the State and their innocence
established. . . '*■ .
"I would recommend the enactment of laws giving those charged
with crime, and whose innocence is established, the same costs against
the respective counties in which they were prosecuted as are given to
a successful party in a civil suit.
"I would also recommend that some prqvision be made for com
pensating those who shall be sentenced to a term of Imprisonment
and whose innocence shall afterward be shown. If they are wrong
fully deprived of their liberty by the fc>tate it is but right that the
£tate should compensate them for the time forcibly taken from them.
Such claims might perhaps be heard and allowed by the Board of
State Auditors, Circuit Judges, or a commission created for the
purpose." » « .
♦ I do not think that Governor Mount's
GOVERNOR McLAURIN, proposed law will prevent lynching. This
judgment is based on experience in such
Mississippi. matters and my knowledge of laws in
&- — S> general.
• • •
It is not more legislation that is required, but execution of the
law. Here in this State we have had In the past a number of "lynch
<*> — — — * ing bees." The cause in every instance
GOVERNOR ROGERS w-as, I think, the fear on the part of the
people that crime would not be punished.
Washington. They therefore took the law into their
<f>— £ own hands.
For the laxity in the execution of the laws the lawyers are largely
to blame. Lynchings will continue, no matter what the law may be,
until the public is satisfied that criminals will be properly dealt with
under the law. When legal procedure is made to conform with pub
lic opinion lynchings will cea6e. If you wish to know when this can
be brought about I refer you to the legal profession for an answer.
1 hay«- heard a lawyer say that he had defended forty murderers,
or men charged with capital crime, and that no man who trusted
him had suffered tin 1 extreme penalty. This is a case in point and
illustrates my position and the njain fact in the matter under dis
cussion.
My own opinion is that legislation, however stringent, will not
do away with the offense if cogent reasons for its occurrence exist.
<«i — <$> "Lynch law" is but a symptom of a
GOVERNOR THOMAS, far more serious social disorder. Except
where Inflicted In exceptional instances
Colorado. j ts occurrence indicates that the particu
<^_ 6 lar community believes the ends of jus
tire will be otherwiso defeated. If law? were administered effectively
and punishment for crime were certain under the law lynchings would
b;' far lew frequent. If th<> courts and juries will punish criminals
and the executive decline to exercise the pardoning power, except in
cases where the innocent have been convicted, it is my opinion that
lynchingi will be of comparatively rare occurrence.
In short, if we should minimize the practice of lynching -we must
execute the law, make punishment certain and quit pardoning
criminals.
oclZcb A MATTOCK" AWI ©LrIlL3 TfflP 8
she picked up a heavy mattock and ad
vanced upon them.
Waller Richardson was the first to re
ceive a blow, which, to be sure, was not
severe, and bounded harmlessly from his
shins.
In a good-natured way he remonstrated
with Lady Broorae, out she persistently
4 " ~ ; * My first «uggestion is that all homes
EX-GOVERNOR W. J. should be made miniature arsenals at least
MnoTucM t0 the extent of one S° o(i Winchester and one
NUKintiN, good pistol; that women be allowed to carry
Georgia -weapons and taught the uae and handling of
«. firearms, so that they may become their own
protectors in the absence of the husband or master of the house. An oc
casional negro lying dead in the back yard shot by a brave woman in
l".'.f "r"? of her honor, will do more to stop this awful crime than all the
lynching* that may occur in a year. I would have every county supplied
with at least half a dozen well trained bloodhounds. I would have an
SSn&tHm of it least twenty men to each county who should have
supervision of all lawlessness and disorders in the county.
-• — * Hose's crime, the horrid details of which
have not been published, and are too horri-
GOVERNOR CANDLER. hie for publication, is the most diabolical in
c . the annals of crime. The negroes of that
g community lost the best opportunity they
» W )U ever have to elevate themselves in the
estimation of their white neighbors. The diabolical nature of the double
crime was well known to every one of them; the perpetrator was well
known, and they owed it to their race to exhaust every means of bringing
Hose to justice. This course would have done more to elevate them in
the estimation of the good people and to protect their race against the mob
than all the" rewards and proclamations of the Governors for the next fifty
But they lost the opportunity, and it is a deplorable fact that whii*
scores of intelligent negroes, leaders of their race, have talked to me about
the Palmetto lynching, not one of them has ever in the remotest way a;
luded to either the burning of Palmetto, whicn provoked the lynching, nor
to the diabolical crime of Hose. I do not believe these men sympathized
with Hose or the Palmetto incendiaries, but they are bhnded by race
prejudice and can see but one side of th» question. T want to protect them
in every legal right and against mob violence, and I stand ready to employ
i vi it resource of the State in doing so. but they must renlize that in or
der to merit ami receive the protection of the community they must show
a willingness to at least aid in protecting the community against the law
less element of their nwn race. To secure protection against lawless
whites they must show a disposition to protect the white people against
the lawless biacks. •
« * •
« * I would like to write at length upon these
Georgia occurrences and others of a like na-
W. T. BOOKER, ture which have taken place in recent years,
_ , . . but in view of my position and hopes in the
Pres. Tuskegee Institute interest of the Tuskegee Institute and the
« » education of our people, I feel constrained to
keep silent and not engage in any controversy that might react upon th©
work to which T am now lending my efforts. I think 1 can be of more
service to the race by giving my time and strength in helping to lay the
foundation for an education which will be a permanent cure for such out
rages.
1 do not mind adding that I am opposed to mob violence under all cir
cumstances. Those guilty of crime should be surely, swiftly and terribly
punished, but by legal methods. As a rule the men guilty of these out-
The solution' of our present difficulties is to be found in the thorough
mental, religious and industrial education of both races in the South. It
is an encouraging fact to note that of the hundreds of colored men who
have been educated in the higher institutions of the South, not one has
been guilty of the crime of assaulting a woman.
replied that she would strike thp Marshal
next. She Wcis as good as her word, but
no great damage resulted. The weapon
was quickly taken from her and she was
piacea unaer arrest.
Her steward. Valenzuela. made a move
that threatened the use of his six-shooter,
but while Martin attracted Valenzuela's
attention Richardson came up behind him
and cleverly disarmed nim and he like
wise was arrested. The revolver proved
to be unloaded.
The hedge was speedily removed.
Lady Broome was then hustled to a one
seated cart belonging to an Italian and.
accompanied by Btreet Superintendent
Walker and two other men. all in the
cart, took the lady to the city Jail, where
she was locked up In a common cell,
where the walls wore covered with the
names of criminal? and rude drawings.
Here she was compelled to rt-maln a
number of hours until she was finally al
lowed to go into the Marshal's office. She
was asked if she wished legal advice or
ball, but she refused to accept either.
She said that she had defended her prop
erty and that the men had no business
there.
She stoutly avers that rhe will not pay
one cent in fines.
At the preliminary examination she was
charged with resisting an officer in the
discharge of his duty. The trial occupied
the attention of the Pchce Court and half
the town during the entire day.
The lady appeared smartly clad in a
gray tailor-mnde gown and carrying a
bunch of roses. With her were Dr. Wil
liam*, president of of the Baldwin Loco
motive works of Philadelphia: Barker
Kddy of this city and one or two English
friends.
City Marshal Martin testified that he
had been ordered to remove a hedge
where the Broome property extended six
teen feet into the public street and that
Lady Broome had madi an attack on his
force of men. striking the Marshal and
two other men.
A heavy mattock with which Lady
Broome made the attack was shown, cre
ating a sensation. It was an unusually
large and heavy one.
Lady Broome would have no attorney
and refused to make any defense, save
of her coachman, who was implicated.
She was held to answer nd was placed
under a nominal bond of $500, which Mr.
Eddy signed.
The case goes to '.he Superior Court,
where she may be either fined or im
prisoned, or both. Those who are in her
confidence say that in the higher court
she will make no defense. They also say
that she stubbornly announces that she
will go to jail before paying even a. nomi
nal fine.irKable Engineering feat on the Lower San Joaquin River Accomplished by trje Santa fe Company to Shorten trie Distance Between Stockton and San Francisco
BUILDING THE CONCRETE PIER FOR THE DRAWBRIDGE OVER SAN JOfIQUIN RIVER.
WHEN It was decided to build
the Valley road from Stockton
to San Francisco the engi
neers were confronted with as
big a problem as ever worried
lilroad man. This was to
ling the twelve mil<-s
■ imp between Stockton and Brent
■ thirty mll^s of travel
in hour of time. The Southern
9 around this swamp
■ Lathrop, which ■• Val
ra were anxious to avoid.
;>roblem has been solved
adbed is finished all the way
lands. The laying of rails
■ ■ nee In a few we* ks.
Lking, the solution of the
: ■ ■. course of develop
ed years and the rail
have simply taken advan
How General Grant Raised
the Standard of Beauty,
CERTAINLY the story Is authentic
that President Grant once asked me
if I could not raise the standard of
. in the deal letter office," said
-tant Attorney General James
r, laughingly, "but the sequel to It
.
■ was passing through the
■ ' and Jokingly commented on
■ mcc of the clerks
quizzically inquired if I could not
ird of '-male beauty,
turally I regarded the matter as a
*■ plied that 1 would be glad to do
pen to suggestions.
" 'Why, employ one handsome woman
and perhaps she will leaven the whole
loaf,' he answered, and when I assented
nquired seriously:
" 'Would you give a pretty girl an ap
.f lit If I sent her to you?'
•f course I would,' I replied, never
ming, however, that he was In earn
"Rut the next day a lovely young girl
came Into my office with a note from
Grant, simply asking: me to ful
iiil my promise, without referring, how
character. I questioned her
'. found her as innocent and un
ticated as she was pretty. She was
and had lived on a planta
tion all her life, but wanted a Government
position, and, being backed by the Pres
ident, I set her to work in the dead letter
"While Grant whs on his trip around
the world I spent a couple of months with
him In Paris, and one evening as we sat
talking of the past I asked him if he re
ni'ml'ered this young lady.
■• "Certainly I do, for I have good cause
to remember her," h^ responded cordially.
"I intimated that I was satisfied there
must be a. story back of his appointment,
and as he was in one of his rare reminis
cent moods he related the following ex
traordinary experience:
" 'It was just before the battle of the
Wilderness that I mounted my horse and
for a ride. I was full of anxiety, and
L in my preoccupation went outside of our
lines and found to my dismay that I was
being chased.
" 'My horse was a good one, and I rode
hard until I came to a little, half-con
Building a Railroad Through a Swamp.
tage of what has been studied out for
another purpose. This is the building of
levees for the purpose of reclaiming tide
lands to be used for growing wheat.
The demand for a means of building
levees quickly and cheaply I*^d to the con
struction of the strange looking drc-dcrf-rs
that can be seen all along the banks of
the San Joaquin River. This jiredger has
been through many phases of develop
ment during the last quarter of a cen
tury, until at the present time it is the
ideal machine for railroad building
through swamps.
The work done by the dredgers for the
roadbed of the Valley road does not vary
in the least from that done for the re
clamation of swamp land. This being the
case, it is an easy matter to comprehend
that the new railroad is to be merely
built on top of an enormous levee.
But the work has not been without its
cealed cabin, where I dismounted and said
to a man that came to the door:
" ' "Are you a Confederate or a Union
man?"
' "I am a Confederate," he answered
proudly.
' "Well, sir, I am General Grant. Can
you hide me for a little while, as I am
being pursued."
• How do you know that I won't be
tray you?" he inquired curiously.
"' "Because I trust your face," I re
plied, and without more ado he seized my
horse by the bridle and we went into a
deep ravine back of his home, where a
moment later he left me, bidding me to
keep perfectly still.
" 'It was a glorious moonlight night
and I could see every object distinctly.
About 11 o'clock I heard the bushes
crackle and for a moment my heart
leaped for fear as my host came cautious
ly up behind me. ' ■ -
" ' "Have you betrayed me?" I inquired
sharply.
" ' "No, sir," he replied almost harshly,
"the pursuing party has passed, the coast
is clear and you can return to your
army."
" 'He put me on the right road, and as I
Jumped Into the saddle I grasped ...a hand
and tried to thank him. 1 told him that
if I could serve him or his to let me know.
" 'I never saw him again, but the day
you spoke to me his daughter came to me
with a letter from her father, who is very
poor, reminding me of my promise. And
this,' continued General Grant, 'was the
sole reason I wanted to raise the stand
ard of female beauty in the dead letter
office.' "
ANECDOTES
OF KIPLING.
Seldom oneftells a joke on one's self;
not so, however, with Mr. Kipling, who
relates an amusing story at his own ex
pense. During his stay at Wiltshire one
summer he met little Dorothy Drew, Mr.
Gladstone's granddaughter, and, being
very fond of children, took her ia the
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
obstacles, for many of the details had
to be studied out as the construction pro
ceeded.
"The worst part of the work," said En
gineer Storey, who has had full charge
of the building of the roadbed, "was in
making the survey.
"We began this about two years ago
and worked for weeks and weeks among
the t'ules. At certain points the growth
was so high that it was impossible to get
a line through the tules without first
cutting them down. In one place we did
this for over two miles, and then found
that the route so laid out was imprac
ticable, and we had to make another one.
Some of the land was worked over sev
eral times before wo finally discovered
a way by which we could uild a railroad
track through the .swamp without enor
mous expense."
An examination of the finished roadbed
prounds and told her stories. After a
time Mrs. Drew, fearing that Mr. Kip
ling must be tirod of the child, called to
her and said: "Now, Dorothy, I hope you
have not been wearying Mr. Kipling."
"Ol no, rii ' a l>it. mother, replied the
smail celebrity, "but he has been weary
ing me."
Mr. Kipling spnt Captain Robley D.
Evans of the warship lowa a set of his
works and with them these verses:
"Zogbaum draws with a pencil
And I do things with a pen.
But you sit up in a conning tower,
Bossing eight hundred men.
"Z-igbauir! takes care of his business,
And I take care of mine.
But you take car of ten thousand tons,
Sky-shooting through the brine.
"Zogbaum can handle his shadows,
And I can handle my style,
But you can handle a ten-inch gun
To carry seven mile.
"To him that hath \3hall be given,
And that's why these books are sent
To the man who has lived more stories
Than Zogbaum or I could invent."
At the time he wrote "The Last Chan
ty" some one asked him how he pro
nounced it. "Well," he replied, "the real
ly elegant- and well-bred people pro
nounce it 'Chanty,' but those who know
what they are talking about call it
'Shanty.' "
Mr. Kipling sold a book to a London
publisher at a price that netted the au
thor one shilling a word. The publication
of this fact came under the notice. of a
Fleet-street humorist, who, "for the fun
of- the thing," wrote to the author, say
ing that, as wisdom seems to be quoted
at retail prices, he himself would like one
word, for which he enclosed a shilling
postal order. The reply came in due
course. Mr. Kipling had kept the shilling
postal order and politely returned the one
significant word "Thanks!" written on a
large sheet of writing paper.
'■"■» ■ \ ■ m ■
"I told her my soul was wrapped up in
her."
"What did she say?"
"She warned me to be more careful or
I'd be making love to her before long."—
Philadelphia North American.
"Do you think bachelors ought to be
taxed?" asked some one. ..
"I'm not quite sure yet," she answered,
dreamily. "Give me another week, and
maybe I'll be able to land him without
any- outslda Chicago Post.
PILING UP THE LEVEE TO BE USED AS (\ ROADBED.
This Work Was Done by the Aid of Six Monster Dredgers. In Performing the Task
Two Parallel Canals Were Cut Through the Country and the Earth From
Them Piled Up In the Center.
was made last week by a Sunday Call
representative. Engineer Storey was on
hand and made all explanations.
The beginning of the western end of
the roadbed through the swamp is a few
miles from Breutwood. At this point
there is a slough, across which a bridge
has yet to be built.
The new roadbed is one of the most ex
traordinary sights of its kind in the world.
At present it is merely a big pile of black
earth, with a canal on either side. The
canals were made by the dredgers, that
gouged out the earth and piled it up for
the new roadbrd. Naturally this pro
duced a channel.
"We are going to keep these canals
here," said Engineer Storey, "for two
reasons. One is to prevent the tule fires
that are sure to rage on both sides from
Jumping across and burning out our
track. The other reason is because the
canals are navigable and will make it
easy for us to get in certain kinds of
supplies, such as ti^s. without unloading
them from the schooners till we get them
to their destination."
About four miles from the Rrentwood
end of the roadbed there are two navl
gable rivers— New River and Middle
ROLLER BOAT:
Speclal to The Sunday Call.
~w AST year the world was amused,
Lthen perplexed, then astonished at
the effort of Frederick A. Knapp,
a daring Canadian inventor, to
navigate a huge boat which rolled
on the sea like a barrel. The in
itial trip of the experimental boat con
vinced a number of capitalists that Mr.
Knapp's invention would revolutionize
the science of navigation, and now with
thousands of dollars at his command the
inventor Is letting contracts for the con
struction of the first Knapp roller boat.
It will enter Into active competition with
steam and sail vessels of the present type
for the world's water traffic. The big
cylinder will be finished and launched
this summer.
The nuccess of the first full-sized roller
boat, the initial steps in the building of
which are now occupying the attention
of Mr. Knapp and his associates in Chl-
Tbe Roller Boat in Rolling Trin).
From a Photograph Taken as She Lay at
the in Chicago.
eago, will mean a complete and sweeping
revolution of all deep water transporta
tion. If this pioneer roller achieves no
greater speed than that made by the
crude model which has been operated in
Toronto Bay the crafts now plowing- the
inland seas may read their orders to tie
up in permanent quarters, for the carry
ing capacity of the roller boat Is immense
ly greater on the same draught than that
<>f the prevailing type of vessel, while the
power required to pro Del it is far less.
To form a correct mental image of the
roller boat, picture a huge barrel or cyl
inder 500 feet long, 96 feet in diameter : nd
24 feet from the. hollow core to the outer
surface. This is constructed of boiler
plate so riveted as to be air-tight. It nas
an inner, an outer and a middle r'tin,
these tubes being held at proper distances
from one another by circular partitions
forming air-tight compartments which
make the boat unsinkable.
Not only Is this great barrel the shell
of the boat, but it is also its propeller—
the wheel which gives the craft its ac
tual traveling capacity. Think of a boat
with a paddle-wheel 500 feet broad and 96
feet in diameter! But the term "paddle
wheel" is not strictly applicable In thlg
t ease, for the roller boat has neither screw.
River— which the track must cross. Steel
drawbridges will be put in at these
points and the work will consume nearly
all summer.
Just beyond the river provision has
been made for carrying off the enormous
body of water that would cover the coun
try for miles and miles in time of a flood.
As it happens, the roadbed is built at
right angles across the direction in which
the water flows, and would be likely to
be washed out unless some provision were
made for its escape. /
This is accomplished by building a tres
tle about a mile and a half long. The wa
ter will flow through this without doing
any damage to the roadbed. Careful cal
culations have been made and it is be
lieved that the trestle will allow several
times the amount of water that is likely
to gather in any flood to run off- without
the slightest difficulty.
At a point about six miles from Brent
wood six dredgers are still at work piling
up earth on the roadbed. As the soft
mud from the bottom of the canal is piled
on to the roadbed it slowly settles and
very unevenly. Those parts that sink be
low the desired point have to be built up
again. Often the work has to be gone
The Latest Sea- Going Freak Designed to
Revolutionize Navigation.
nor paddles. The four-Inch T-rails run
ning from end to end of the outside of the
cylinder are better described as cogs
which get into the water and enable the
roller to roll forward over the sea instead
of merely revolving without progress. The
! progressive action of the cylinder is siml-
I lar td that of the broad-tired wheels or a
country traction engine pulling its way
I up a hill, the cogs with which the tires
are crossed biting into the roadway and
| giving foothold and pulling power.
Within the tunnel or core of this hollow
cylinder is suspended the boat proper or
the portion carrying the passengers, crew,
cargo and engines. The cylinder revolves
around this inner cradle, the latter always
remaining level Only at the points where
the "spider work" of the cylinder projects
down to the "Journals" or huge hollow
steel axles by which the central section of
the boat is suspended does the framework
of the roller come In contact with the
hanging or non-rotating part of the craft.
ESTIMATED
To
Travel
6 Miles an hour
And
CARRY
600 Tons of Freight
With
20- Horse Power.
THE BIG DREDGER AT WORK-
over several times until tho required
height and strength is obtained.
"These dredgers have been working
steadily twenty-two hours a day for the
past year," said Engineer Storey. "They
lift about four tons of earth each tim«
they are filled, and they will carry about
one hundred loads an hour. So you can
figure out what an enormous amount of
soil has to be moved in order to get that
pile of dirt in condition to lay a railroad
track on top of it."
The Stockton end of the swamp road
bed is at a point on Whisky Slough about
four miles from the city. From this point
to Brentwood the road is almost in a
straight line. Standing on the highest
point it is possible to get a view of the
whole length. It can be dimly traced as a
black line through the green tule. lands,
with here and there a dredger at work
showing through the haze.
From the end of the swamp roadbed
into Stockton is about four miles, over
which the grading is nearly all done. At
the San Joaquin River a drawbridge is
being built. This is a stupendous piece of
The suspended interior is divided into
three lengths, two long sections separated
by a short one. The short central section
of the inner cradle contains the engines,
one end section the first class and the
other the second class passengers. The
passage from one to another of these sec
tions is through the hollow "journal,"
which is a part of the non-rotating center
of the boat. As these steel axles, in a
roller boat for ocean service are bored
by tunnels ten feet in diameter, it will
be seen that they are ample for carrying
all the electric lighting cables, telegraph
and telephone wires, heating tubes, etc.,
and for affording a passage way. The
steering Is done by rudder drags at each
end, operated from a bridge suspended
outside the boat.
A knotty problem in the construction of
this boat was the application of the power
by which the outside cylinder is revolved.
This is accomplished by a battery of three
engines, having a long upward stroke, the
pistons being attached to "cranks" of the
big driving shaft. The points on the circie
of the shaft at which the pistons apply
the power are equidistant from each
other, or 120 degrees apart. At each end
of the driving shaft is a powerful cog
wheel, fitting into the cogs of the cylin
der's bearings, or more properly into an
internal "spur gear" rigidly connected
with the solid bulkhead of the cylinder.
Above the suspended cradle of the boat
is an arched ceiling hiding from vfew the
interior of the revolving cylinder over
head. Light and air are freely admitted
at the open ends. Only the ends of the
cradle are, of course, in the least exposed
to sea and weather, and the fact that the
bottom of the suspended section of the
boat is high aboTO the reach of the
fiercest storm waves is calculated to in
spire in the future passengers of this
craft a feeling of complete security. A3
there will be no swaying or pitching mo
tion, the inventor promises entire exemp
tion from seasickness. Rocking or sway
ing is prevented by the perfect equilib
rium of the suspended body and the great
length of the craft, together with the fact
The New "Roller Boat" as It Will LooK at Sea.
work. The piers are of conrret* set on
piles driven into the river bottom. The
concrete piers are first made in frames
and then sunk by means of screws until
they set on the piles, which have been,
sawed off perfectly even. The drawbridge
is to be of steel. It Is to be of the best
construction, like all the other work on
the Valley road.
"From our depot here in Stockton,"
said Engineer Storey, "to the foot of Mar
ket street, San Francisco, by our road is
only seventy-two miles. Within a year
we will be covering the distance in about
two hours, and I think that from the very
first we will make it inside of three hours.
"From here we run down the river bank,
then cross the swamp to Antioch. From
there we go toward the south and through
a tunnel in the Coast Range, then run
parallel to the Southern Pacific to Point
Richmond. From here our new boat will
cross the bay in thirty-five minutes and
end the journey. If everything goes well
the whistle of our first engine will be
heard at Point Richmond about the Ist
of next November. From then on we ex
pect to give the best kind of service and
to constantly improve it."
that It rolls over tho water "broadside
on," allows little opportunity for end-to
end pitching:.
The problem of the speed which the
roller boat will be able to show Is an In
teresting one, certain to provoke a wide
range of comment from nautical men and
engineers. Regarding this point the In
ventor says:
"If the freight boat which we shall put
into commission next summer for the or->
and grain traffic of the Great Lakes
makes no better speed than did my first
crude working model It will outclass all
competition on the part of the swiftest
freighters now on the inland seas. That
model was 110 feet long and 22 feet in di
ameter. Loaded to 100 tnns displacement
she revolved ten and a half times a min
ute on the application of less than twenty
horsepower of steam. This gave her a
steady speed of six miles an hour. The
roller boat for ocean traffic will be POO
feet long and 200 feet in diameter. On the
basis of what has already been done with
the model in Toronto Bay, operating un
der an insignificant expenditure of power,
I think it may be reasonably granted that
adequate engines will be able to turn 'he
ocean boat thirteen times a minute. That
means a speed of 100 miles an hour!"
Hotel Clerk (suspiciously)— Your bundle
has come apart. May I ask what that
queer thing is?
Guest— That is a new patent fire escape.
I always carry it, so in case of fire I can
let myself down from the hotel window
See?
Clerk (thoughtfully)— l see. Our terms
for guests with fire escapes, sir, arc in
variably cash in advance.
"Borus, in your last novel you spoil the
story by raising an insurmountable bar
rier between the hero and heroine, who
certainly ought to have married each
other."
"I couldn't help it. Naggrus. My wife
insisted that I was the hero of the story
myself, and she got jealous of the hero
ine."—Chicago Tribune.
2122
GRATITUDE
TFTP; story T am going to mo in London !a I
• . Mr. .1. hn \V. K.rl. \ oi S
N > ■ • and 1 :>.' ■
?tom lo dv with all stories in which I be
iman Intel • had 11 been a l<
aye taken Interesi in it on account of the narrator.
Mr, imlliarly, "Jack" Kerley— is, in :■■■ I
thoroughly rcpn : a certain condition ol mind characteris
smlzable in a !< smt degrei among many of m' s
i live "ii tiits side of the ocean. A few words suffice
: cannot bear to live in it. He
hly place I i live in. Again, like
: v ■ he is a man who has no age. His thin and
« h ii- finely-cut features and strong linos, mipht as
i" a man Me has that i<
mraon In the I'nit States, which betrays the biliousness ml
from ; ■ w :^isky Instead of win I eral genera
: • •• le of spleen, has never kaowi
: ■ emands upon ; he bl 1 be
ich that li I face is brightened
fa true son of the Stars and Stripes,
[< thai Bnelj cut and bit
■ tid on
th*> lips of which ■ a surf< Ited existence, the
■.. ich thought ;iiv: too much
Will
\\ ! • \- ■ '■ : and met a large number of A
bitterness in the simile the indication of that
moral often the victims, and which is only
a :■>!!.. . :. Is Kerley's malady, and
hf knows it. Nothing m happy. He admits as much, and he
gives ■ il< is thoroughlj American, too, in th\is
I ■ an always heai him saying when we first
rlaud. about ten years a«o. during a visit from Saturday to
■ cosmopolitan lift Y. i an wrong. 1 hav<
l lead it now. There is nothing in it. I assure you. And.
I • :nt ry tho money
, oui own. Tak( nr . '- : ihes, my rent, my
1..*, ks them all with ■ bank in Syracuse, my home, a
loubtless do noi know even by name.
Bul never mind. Now, whence did l
get 1 ■ blocks "f houses
which i 3 Syracuse labor, ti e only
c citizens who work
t<> !•;<> m^ niy •■ ■ : time 1 sign .• check for my I illor or
. I ■
' feel this, and it troubles
■ n ild el as i do if
■
"But if wh> do you not return to the United
Si
"Why?" he re] c my father had the unfortunaU ld<
Bending mi A.' as we - In America, under the pretense of
I . whili I was still ;\ child. Two years
■muny, three in Engli ■ I been In Europe seven
ng t" th< .- •in for tho holidays, and when
my fat ' you expect? l had acquired h tasi
! w.is free by going to li\>
in Italy. Y'.ti don't know Vmerii ■ ' No? When you go then you will at
reach New York, merely In going from thf
to live them you must work. Every one
ething. There is no r<>r»m fur a dilettante, an amateur, ai
likp such as I. Ah If 1 had children 1 assure you 1 should not bring them
I be as foreigners In th>ur own country. 1 would at
tnrh their trolley to the Ameri ' • "
This was th<- metaphor which he used, ;ui<l I only understood how
American it was after visiting, as he advised mo to do. those cities where
the wl driven along the electric wires
Intermingle with all tl I life. And he continued:
"In ; ( s still crude. !>m so young, unfinished, bo
■ .-. You breathe everywhere the future and
Its fruitful force? Here all Is polished bui exhausted, well regulated but
■weak, finished I it ■ 1. Everything belongs to the past, In
A Bandit Who Lives in a Palace Cave.
Utah Has Offered a $5000 Reward for His Capture, but H« Seems to TaX« Life
as Quietly as Usual.
:-; •• lai i. Th« Sunday i
SAT.T LAKE, Utah— ln the heart of
the Rocky M tuntains,
by ' I yawning
canyon, It riously furnish'
t.i, electric lighted f*s-
n hich lias for
terrorise Ihree
and on the heads of whose mem-
I ■ live or <;
The Legislature of the State of Vtah
I that the fHin<>;is Tom
McCarthy gang of bandits and cattle
thle\ ■ ■ broken up. A bill pro
viding tin appropriation for the purpose
of hunting the men down has passed th*
. with all
act men t into a law.
This bill sets aside the Bum of $5000
with which a war to the death is to be
launched against the m< mix 1 1 of one of
the. most notorious bands of murderers
and cutthroats known to the history of
America^ It is proposed that tt'i deal
ings with the robbers, who have held por
tions of three States in abject terror for
three years and whose agents ;ire scat
tered the length and breadth of the land,
will be a; harsh and merciless as those
used by the outlaws themselves. They
may be lnvlteVl to surrender to submit "to
tlif punishment their crimes deserve, and
those who refuse and defy the officers
will be hunted down and dealt with
through persuasion of powder and ball.
It has been generally acknowledged for
pome time that ordinary methodsfof pro
cedure will not do with the men who
lawlessly reign in the In art of the Blue
Mountains, or Roan Ridge. They are not
Inclined to submit to the law in any ex
tremity, for they are all amenable for
tlie greatest of crimes and will probably
dlo fighting rather than be taken and
compelled to submit to trial before a
court.
Combination of Governors.
Little over a year ago." as will be re
membered, • three Governors— Adams of
Colorado, Wells of Utah and Richards of
Wyoming— entered into arrangements
whereby the militia of the three States
were to be sent against the robbers.
Plans were made and the. matter was
well under way when the first signs of
hostility between this, country and Spain
were raided. The brave boys were
needed against a greater and more than
local foe and the repression of the out
laws was laid for a time upon the guber
natorial shelf. Perhaps it was well, judg
ing by the' tales of the gang and its
strength which are current.
In fact, it has been decided by the ad
ministration of Utah that the soldiers
are not the agency which can combat and
overcome the McCarthy brigands, or
make the attempt with the best chance
of success. The movement of a body of
troops and a military campaign would be
too much like an open book for tin eyes
of the vigilance of this band which has
long ago taken precautions against just
such a move on the part of outraged
justice.
The people have come to the conclusion
that the only way to deal with the gang
Is through men as wary as they. The
posses to he sent against them will not
besiege the rocks which hold the gang:,
hut they will depend more upon killing
the members one by one as they venture
out for supplies. They will try to invest
the place and starve out the outlaws.
They may be successful, but it will not
be done, according to the judgment of
people who know, in a few days or weeks.
It is generally believed that there win be
bloodshed on both sides before the object
of- the Legislature is accomplished. .
Tom McCarthy, the leader of the Blue
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
chiding- myself. It Isa weakness that I developed In Europe— the love ami
need or the past. See." lie added, pointing out to me the hall wln>re we
were guesta for forty-eight hours, and whose red brick Tudor style was
seen through the green foliage of the park where we were walking, "that
is what I love now— scenery like that, behind which is the sensation of
time. It is really ahsurd, since It Is not a past of which I make ;i part.
The rule of us Americans is to boycott the Old World. We should be an
cestors, become the past of a greater America, All those among us who
no not follow this plan do a? lam doing— spoil their lives. • • • "
When an American of the better sort, such as this (.no Is. criticizes
himself with this lucidity, be assured that he forestalls you and tries to
at;ti ilpate your own criticism. This is one sign among a million by which
is shown the extraordinary amour propre with which this hypersensitive
race is tormented, and which seems simultaneously and with equal exag
geration to believe in itself and distrust Itself. This talk-, and others ol a
like sort which this very intelligent "Jack" Kerley had with me later,
all arose from the extreme perspicacity with which he perceives the
hidden defect of his groat culture. To describe him in a word, rather
coarse, but yet exact. Kerley Is only one variety of the American Anglo
maniac—the most refined and fastidious kind. But he is an Anglomania.
all the same, and one who has grafted on his natural Yankee nature the
tastes, habits, Ideas of an Englishman devote.] to art and culture.
Am mg the other prepossessions of an Englishman of this kind he has
acquired a liking for (taly before the sixteenth century and his house
in Hans place reallj Is a museum of the fifteenth century such as would
overjoy the last surviving pre-Rapbaelite. in this one discovers the imi
tator. He achievs an Ideal which was the vogue when he entered English
life, and which even then was about to go out. But what will not pass
away Is the beauty of the tor.do made by Ifilippo Llppi. which he discov
ered In l know not what little town In Tuscany; nor will the delicacj of
the mosaics of the two stalls l>y I'm Giovanni da Verona, which formerly
adorned the choir of Mom Olive Maeur, and which he managed to buy;
nor will the purity of style of thirty other paintings, terra cottas, wood
carvings and marbles which make of his drawing room and library the
charming setting In which to pour tea to Duchesses imbued with estheti
cism. Mr. John w. Kerley is not only a devotee of Italian bibelots. He
figures also in the mixed band that gravitates around the peerage !n Eng-
Durins the season vmi will lind hi^ name in all the Saturday to
Monda; I Heed in the papers. His autumn is spent In visitng th<
most exclusve country places, and his winter between Cannes and Flor
ence, from villa to villa, and you cannoi mention any person of note In
art, politics or lei has n lon without, his finding the
means to be one of the first to know him.
i ; "' to associat< the whole year long, even on a footing. of Intimacy,
with very noble, very wealthy and very celebrated people when one's name
is Blmply Mr John w. Kerley, and when one does not possess much more
than V. iltal, necessarily > mails a little suffering in that back
ground of legitimate pride which demands that all Intimacy supposes
rqualty. When one has a small character these things make one envious,
one Is timid they make one a misanthrope. The collector of Hans
l ace dious to know envy, and too much taken up with society
H tinues, therefore, to lead this aristocratic life,
his ft . lantly hurt in trying to Increase his little gallery so that
; he maj shine by that, and In practicing auto-irony.
"1 am orj i In one thing," he often said, "but that is very or
iginal. I am an American and am not a millionaire. 1 am the only one
very relartve poverty was the usual object of my shafts when
Kerley, and this M was which led to the confidence that ! wished
to jrepoat without commentary. And then 1 stopped to present a sketch of
; 1 see him nov -he van that afternoon last July, when he told
the exaci date of which 1 could give. It was the uay follow
le i Chi le's of fh< sketches left by th< late Sir Ed
ward ■ -. Th( papers had published the details <>( the bidding,
ted by thai excess which these phlegmatic Englishmen put In all
their hobbies. 1 called to fetch Kerley about 4 o'clock, to go with him to
a lions.' in i ■ where there was to be h musicale, and
to hear a Norwegian air played by a Polish pianist, in th*
Scotch lady, the affair being In honorof a celebrated Austrian
statesman, Introduced In London society by n Portuguese diplomat! O,
polls! ! fi man In his library. He was alone, dressed to go
out and waiting for me. He did not notice mv entrance Into the room,
so thoroughly wa* h.- hypnotized before a frame on an easel, and in which
the water colors which I had admired most the day before at
Christie's, perhaps the most precious of all those relics of the great
painter fought for by the force of banknotes.
It :■ '■ one of the favorite subjects of the master. a "Mar
ch'" In a mountainous landscape, rugged and green, like a
valley In the Highlands, the dancei advances, sad. like a victim, and
followed b> her companions who scatter flowers along the path with a
klow gi owing both resignation and despair. These tall, frail tlg
ppd with their long veils, look like a funeral procession, and
all of them, in the supple build of their almost too attenuated bodies. In
the lines of their dreamy profiles. In the color of their eyea and thHr
auburn hair possess that grace so profoundly, so Intensely Kngllsb which
succ led in presenting as the feminine type of his
country. Yes. It was truly a g«m of art. and one which could
almost bear comparison with the marvels of the Tuscany genius, that the
■ d American pauper had been able to gather around him. I at once
complimented him on it. putting my hand on his shoulder to let him know
I was th( re and l said. i>ot withoul Ironj :
"Ah io you let yourself be carried away, too, and commit the same
foll> as any mere New York or Chicago millionaire, but you wei
well inspired. Thai wat< r color is a masterpiece."
sfes, isn't It?" he replied, and the usual bitter expression of his face
seemed to m It away before his ecstacy, onlj*, however, as quickly to give
way again to an expression of Bingulai irony. "I have not the means to
make such a purchase," he continued. 'The few poor bibelots that I have
here hav< only one merit, that thej cost me a great deal of running about
l have at leasi this quality of my countrymen, if 1 have not others— the
r the fight. I have applied it badly, since I have spent thirty years
in picking up what a mine or petroleum maenate could procure in a min
ute, merely by signing a check. No, I myself could never have botight thi?.
Burne-Jones. It was given to me yesterday under circumstances so
strange that for the last twenty-four hours I have done nothing but look
ai it. as i was doing when you came In, and handle it to convince myself
Ictim of an Illusion." „
He took the frame between his hands, fudging it as he looked at it.
and Mu,e more his face lit un with enthusiasm. "Good!" he added, put
tine the picture flown and looking at his watch. "If you care to. we have
to walk to Grosvenoi pquare Rcros* the park. 1 want to tell you how
that gem comes to be In im house, Where it was so litti- expected two
.;. •- ig< ' it thing." and he pointed to the water color, "does crent
honor to the <»id World, but the manner in which It came to me does
great honor t the Now World ;.N.> and you know that, although I do not
live with my fellow countrymen, 1 lov them, and 1 assure yi i the; ar«
worthy to h lov< there Is ai th< bottom of the American spirit
is first an energy of Initiative that you will meet nowhere else and an as
tonishing capacity foT turning over a new leaf and beginning again,
whili '
lie stopped shori to spar.- m> susceptibility, and 1 could see waver
around his shaven lip a vague smile of disdain at the inferiority of Bu
■urred to me to feel offended. We Europeans cannot take
lint of view which binds ua all In the unity of our continent. There
will, perhaps, come a time when our descendants will think we were very
short-! ■' to have divined this, but it is the truth— a formidable
truth. Meantime 1 was revenged for the disdain of this son of tin New
World by the simple fact that he was In B street in London, and alsr.
Ed at hkinsr there Instead of promenading along Broadway or Fifth
avenue. We turned down Sloane street and Into Piccadilly to get Into
■ rk through Albert Gste, and now, under the most beautiful sky
of a warm summer afternoon, in this fragrant fram. of green foliage
and water wfe could watch the procession of all aristocratic and fortunate
■A. Th< . arriages rolled by one after the other, crossing and crowd
ing each other highly varnished, beautifully upholstered, with lare- ar
morial bearings, with their big. powdered coachmen sitting uprteht on the
boxes and with footmen by their Bides.
The carriages balanced on their -springs, shaped like a swan's neck,
women decorated with perrl necklaces and diamonds as If for a ball, In
Mountain robbers, or the "Hole in the
Wail Society," as it is often called, has
been called the Napoleon of outlawry.
Mis origin is in doubt, but it Is known
that he is wanted in several parts of the
country f" r crimes of unusual atrocity.
His appearance is anything but prepos
sessing. He is about five feet six inches
in height and weighs about \~~< pounds.
His forehead is narrow and forbidding,
and covers deep set, pray eyes. A fold
of fat curls over the point of his chin.
His mouth is wide and his teeth are Ir
regular. His nose Is a pup and his ears
arc turned forward.
With a small following .McCarthy per
petrated several mail and express rob
beries a number of years ago on stage
coaches over the I'tah desert and in the
mountains. It was his first appearance
in the country In this role, and before
long his daring exploits gathered about
him a choice company of criminals from
the neighboring States and Territories.
After moving about considerably, always
pursued by the sheriffs, the company set
tled In a certain point of the Btue Moun
tains, on the line between Colorado and
I'tah. The loss of some of the most dar-
Ing of his comrades had seemed to give
McCarthy an idea of establishing a ren
desvous where lie might retreat when
pressed.
Fastness of the Bandits.
Miners and prospectors have in a num
ber of instances wandered close upon the
retreat of the bandits, and have always
been warned away and never molested
If their business in the locality was clear
ly peaceful. A few have engaged in a
fight with the outlaws, who were retreat
ing to their granite fortress, and have
lived to tell about it. From these sources
a faint idea has been gained of the char
acter of the place. Now and then one of
the hand, while visiting a town not many
miles away, has revealed a number of
costumes both light and dazzlingly luxurious. There were among them
many very prim and homely, but how gracious were those that were gra
cious, and how beautiful were those that were beautiful, with that air or
health In their elegance. My companion bowed to this one and bowed to
that one. A childish vanity lit up his face when a ducal coronet decorated
the panel ef a carriage from which a familiar nod and smile greeted him.
However, he related to me the story that he had told me about, and in
which he played a role fully impregnated with the old Yankee Puritan
spirit, and I felt by his tone that this dilettante, somewhat of a snob, was
above all else a scrupulous and tortured Puritan, in whom was always
burning the moral and civil flame of the passengers of the Mayflower.
"It is now exactly twelve years ago." he began. "I was coming back
from ItaJy and had stopped at Monte Carlo to see some friends. You don t
see any connection between that hardly ideal station and the 'Psyche' of
Burne-Jones? Hear the rest of the story. I intended to stay a week in
that abominable place, which lias only one attraction, but it has that—
thoee wonderful gardens en espalier. 1 am often astonished, by the way,
that no essayist has written a page on the palms of those terraces.
They ennoble the immortal soil lying at their roots, as the work of a de
graded artist— a Byron, an Edgar Poe, a Baudelaire, or a Verlalne—en
nobles the vices from which it springs. I suggest this comparison as an
Idea which I have h;id during that visit while I walked in those paths,
with that view, one of the most marvelous in the world, before me.
"1 might have greatly enjoyed it. but, as always, with secret remorse.
I attended the concerts, which are excellent, and you know whether I love
music, and there was remorse with that pleasure, too. Behind that or
chestra, as behind those masses of trees and flowers. I saw too distinctly
the detestable gambling. To quiet my Bcruples a little I used a process.
which I recommend to you, and which is not my own invention. T had it
from a Boston woman, a pietist and music mad. It consists in figuring
about what is the little share of each visitor in the maintenance of the
gardens and theater, and systematically losing that amount in the Casino.
Try it when you go and you will find that your conscience is much easier.
"One evening I was in the Casino to pay this new sort of tithe— that
is to say. to amuse myself by gambling, with the resolve to quit when the
croupier had raked in a sum which 1 had determined to advance', and
it will not astonish you that as l had fully made up my mind to lose, I
won from the start.' I had taken a 100-franc bill from my pocketbook. A
few deals were enough to change i; I ■ fifteen 5-louis pieces, with which I
amused myself by throwing them upon the green clofh by the handful
until luck should change— it changes always.
"F finished by losing all my winnings except 10 louis. I risked those
two last pieces on the black— it was at trente ot quarante— which had just
passed thirteen times. It appeared a fourteenth.
"T was preparing to gather in these new winnings, almost with regret.
when, leaning over the shoulder of the seated player behind whom I
stood. I saw opposite me a hand reach out and seize the four gold pieces.
1 looked at the thief who bad Just made this bold stroke, a very young
man. and. In spite of myself, although T had made up my mind to lose,
the instinct of ownership was so strong that I cried:
" 'Those I!' 1 louis are mine, monsieur.' I repeated, 'They are mine!"
And. a< I had Instinctively said this' ln a very high tone. 'one of the play
ers, who happened to see me stake the gold, confirmed what I said.
" "Those 20 louis belonged to this gentleman.' lie said, appealing to the
croupier, who stopped paying for the deal to ask:
" 'Who took those 20 louis? and addressing me, 'Could you recognize
him."
" 'Certainly.' T replied, and I was going to point out the place which
my thief had occupied half a minute before. He was not longer there.
"Rapidly though these replies had been exchanged, and although I had
n<>t turned toward the coupler for more than a second at most, yet this
second had been enough for the sharper to disappear, lost in the crowd
which Dressed around the table.
"1 cast a glance around the crowd, saving. 'He was over there.' and
all of a sudden, astonishment stopped my utterance. I had just recognized
him by my ld< ,
"His coup made, and, seeing himself on the point of being captured, he
had glided I don'l know 'now. to fh< place where his discovery was least
likely, touching elbows with hi:n whose winnings he had just stolen. My
astonishment Hi the sighi of him right beside me was increased by a
sensation still more unexpected— that of feeling this same hand which .iust
before so nimbly tiJok my J "i francs grasp my arm and squeeze it with a
pressure In which there was a tremor. <)ur eyes met. He had understood
thai 1 recognized him and had made this gesture to stop me if I had In
tended to strike him.
"J have told you th;j; he was a very young man. Tn this instantaneous
flashlike prlnnce." with ttiat thunder striking rapidity of sensations which
characterizes such crisis. 1 read on his livid fare a distracted appeal.
and I understood thai he was a fellow countryman.
"By whai sign? T will not attempt to explain, and I will not try to de
. v further what Irresistible pit.\ for the suffering imprinted
this face, still so young, overcame me on the instant, so that I felt
unable to denounce him, although that was my duty. One should always
arresi a cheat, whoever and wherever he may he. And. instead of that,
mmered:
■ 'It's my loss. I should have watched my winnings more closely.
• * i do not Bee now the person who took the 20 louis.'
"'Then you claim nothing more?' asked the croupier.
" '1 claim nothing more" T replied.
"As Booii as 1 uttered these words the hand which held my nrm loos
ened its grasp, and I ian explain still less what followed. T had just
given way. as I told you, to a movement of entirely spontaneous pity.
fully justified, too, for ;; poor wretch whose imprudent agitation showed
thai he was noi hardened in evil.
"Logically I should have tried to complete my indulgence by speaking
to him to find out what were the hidien motive? for this theft, which
mi'-ri'.t. perhaps, excuse it.
"But T did not do so. Hardly had I let fall the word which meant
Immunity for this young man than 1 was ashamed for this net of charity
as the most culpable w< ikness. 1 might also Bay as an act of complicity,
although 1 had exercised it to my own detriment. 1 no longer felt any
consideration for him whom f had just saved from an ugly predicament
but a sort of furious Indignation, and as after dropping my arm ho stayed
near me, visibly unset, and 'wishing to speak to me without daring to do
so. T turned toward him brusquely, and in a tone low. but most contempt
uous and Insulting, said to him In English:
■■ 'Gel away, Ret away, you <i <i rascal!'
"He answered nothing. A blush suffused his face, which was livid just
before. His lips trembled, as though to say something which they did not
in sten< 1. He seemed to hesitate for a moment, then,
bowing his h«nd in shame, he obeyed my brutal command, and T saw him
break the ranks of spectators who thronged around the table, and disap
pear In the crowd, on his way to what new swlrdle. toward what crime,
or perhaps to what repentance?
"His disl ion on the one hand, and the other his strange
ihings in his cup?; but at the present time
the exact locality of the retre;;t of Mc-
Carthy and his men is not known,
though there are persona who could
guide a party within three or four milos
of it. The path runs through a narrow
canyon and loaves it at a particularly
wild and tortuous place for a serpentine
trail running a mile or more up ami down
the heights. Again, at the end of the
trail there is a passageway blasted and
rut through ?niid rnck. The termination
of this shorter pathway brings the rob
ber to the entrance of the gathering
place, which is nothing less than :i -
cave or amphitheater in the center of the
rock.
This is the throne room of the Irish
man, ami from this there run In all direc
tions tunnels, their openings artfully con
cealed, so great are the precautions of
the band, and their other ends t< rminat
ing at one or the other side of the moun
tain. This is known from statements
mnde by miners and mechanics who were
taken by the pang to do the work and
who were blindfolded while approaching
and leaving the place.
But the most remarkable feature of all
is tbt> fact, boasted of by more than one
of the gang, that the cave possesses an
excellent electric motor and dynamo,
taken th>re piecemeal on horseback. It
is even said that the system Is used to
light the rocky recesses, but the chief
boast is that it is for another purpose.
Robbers say that wires run from the
room of the chief to all approaches of the
fortress and communicate with charges
of dynamite. They have stated that it
would lie possible for them to annihilate
a regiment of soldiers and that the ex
ploding of dynamite in the approach
from the west side would '-lost 1 the pass
age Instantly, after which they could
either He in the cave with security or es
cape from one of the many openings and
scatter o\*>r the country.
A former Deputy United States Marshal
of Utah is authority for the statement
that there are fifty skeletons lying in a
gulch not a great way from the mouth
of McCarthy's canyon. The Marshal says
that he saw the place himself, and that
the skeletons represent persons put out
of the way by robbers, who reared they
would reveal secrets they had stumbled
across.
Weyman Tells How He Writes His Books
i Tore "The BlacK Poodle" to Pieces to Find Out How It Was Constructed, and O
■ • Then Started on the Road to Fame. °
o
)COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
SI'KAKiNi; of romantic-historical
novels, Stanley J. Weyman really
has much tn answer for. it was he
more than any other who set flow
ing the ti'i< which has now grown
into such a Rood. His own tirst ventures
in this Held had a quick and a very large
■ -^s. And they well merited it. for
they were wrought out In the most con
scientious, skillful way — written from
abundant inform. i tion and with a liter
ary finish that Mr. Weyman had spent
laborious years in acquiring; but they
suggested to other young writers what
Beemed and what, indeed, has proved,
a very easy method. Scrape together from
old memoirs and histories a good selec
tion of romantic incidents and present
them in ; i and more or less
dramatic order, in a more or less anti
: phraseology, and there you are—
a recognized, well-paid writer of histori
cal novels.
In Mr. Weyman'a own hands, as I have
indicated, the method was anything but
easy; be from the first strove for some
thing like literary perfection and for a
good while his career was an extraordin
arily tough struggle. Here are some in
teresting literary confession; he made two
or three years ago to his friend, R. H.
Sherani:
"Then," said be— this was after an un
toward venture at the h ;t r and some ut
t. riy disheartening experiments In news
paper work— 4 'tli.!i 1 tried short stories
for the magazines and failed at that un
til nne day there camp Into my hands
Anstey's tale, Tho Black Fondle/ about
which everybody was talking, i said to
myself, 'Let me see why everybody is
talking about this story." And I took it
home and read and reread it, till I came
to the conclusion that its captivatlon lay
in the extreme carefulness of (ts work
manshjp. I pulled It to pieces, sentence
attitude, the impudence of his theft at first and his emotion v, hen con
fronted by my wrath, made all theories equally possible. I was so mucn
impressed by him that I wanted to run after him and at last i oroKe
through the crowd to try to overtake him and make confession, it was
useless. I could not find him again. . , . w— . *v,^
"Have you ever experienced this peculiar feeling of haying: been the
'fate' of some one? I mean of having met a man In a decisive moment or i
his life, and of having, by an action of yours, unimportant in itself, steered J
it upon one course or the other? If not. I should have hard work to maKs
you understand the disproportionate place which this ordinary Casino inci
dent began to fill in my miud. ,  t .
"I had scarcely left the gambling hall when the agonized face or tne
young thief appeared in my imagination With strange distinctness:
"Do you know, too, that retrospective examination ol a face which we
have been under conditions too striking to allow us ever to torget it. ana
of whose mj 3tery we mentally force ourselves to seek the solution without
"Owing to what adventures had this child-for child he was with those
boyish attributes of one thrust forward too quickly, which the lads of our
country preserve so late— happened to become a mean pickpocket.
'•Why had be selected me rather than another .-is the victim of nis
theft? Had he recognized an American in me. as I had in him, ana naa
he counted, therefore, In the event of detection, upon a fellow-country
man's compassion? . ... . . n +
"And .main, but this time upon reflection, 1 fell into this strain or
antagonistic sentiments, whir!: I green cloth had made me paraon
and bully in turn, I took myself to task I ther 1 had done wen in
either rule and a fe( ling began to impress iisolf upon me which was un
justi Sable and Irrational, though Irresistible. Was this really the young
man's first theft? Wrs this moment in his life one oi those grave instants
in which the whole destiny is determined? I should have known this be
fore speaking to him as T had done.
"I recalled the pleading look which he had raised to me. and I now
read in it r request which 1 had not understood at the time. What re
-:'.' An appeal that T should not misjudge him by his offense, that I
should lalk v.ith him. give him a hearing, help him.
"Suppose he bad stolen foi some one elsi for an invalid mother, for
instance— for .-■ disabled fathei? Suppose he were utterly in love, and so
stol< n '■' r love?
"Twenty theories occurred to me. and T accepted and rejected them in
turn. I found myself toe unreasonable even to frame them, and this
pleading face? kept on returning to my mind, and 1 experienced a kind of
remorse f nr having answered it only by a rough exclamation.
"It w; 12 .-Mm. what as though, crossing a plain by night. I had heard
some one shout for help and had gone on without turning.
"I reiterate, T do not explain the peculiar impression which this epi
sode had left on me. It is based upon the fact that it seemed really, actu
ally as though my two deeds, altogether impetuous— my compassion at
first and then my anger— ought to have a determining influence upon the
unknown youth; - ._
"Thijik what you will of it, some of us Americans who are considered
practical men, and are such when necessary, are also confirmed spiritual
ists and believe thnt there are. as Hamlet said, more things in the wor 1
than our philosophy can understand. I am convinced therefore, that I w
have discovered this influence by a phenomenon of second sight.
"But let us leave that, which hap nothing to do with the story of the
Burne-Jones water color, which I have reached at last
"Nothing need be exaggerated. To quote ■Hamlet" again for you, this
is my motto: 'This above all, to thine own self be true.'
"1 ought, then, to say that, while T have never entirely forgotten tn*
voting thief of Monte Carlo, his impression was not very importunate except
on the days immediately following the incident. Then I stopped thinking
about it e'xe-pt at intervals, and certainly I was not thinking of it at all
the di y before yesterday at Christie's while 1 watched the auction sale '
poor Bume-Jones 1 pictures.
"I had gone there hoping that one of those wonders would not exceed
the amount which in> very small fortune allows me to a whim.
It was however more than a whim that made me wish to have a reii
this great painter. I liked him so much personally, and I happened to have
nothing from his hand.
"While they w( re competing for the fragments If ft by the purest
of our time; [recalled my visits to his house, on the edge of Kensington
and the drawing room, which hud b«er Richardson's, where he \
up and down amid gre?n varnished furniture, with a background oi
same shade. With his light step, his graceful gestures, his eyes of r
cent blup. his transparent complexion, th. Bncwy whiteness of his beard
he inevitably reminded one of some legendary being such as he loved r
paint. some sweet and sh> v. dy to wander amid the dcci
green shades of a silent grotto. Ala^: Never again should I knock ai I
door of 'The Grange.' and that was why in a momeni regret for the death
of the great master became so strong in me that this fancy for the pop
s' ssion of a relic of him became a positive need and made me bid fflr this
water color of the 'Marriage of Psfrche, 1 which all at once rose. from 40
guineas to SO, to 100. to II"". to 1000.
"It was I who gave this figure to the auctioneer: I who havp r>
abhorred works of art thus carried off by fore.' of wealth, because to
a collector one sh"i;l<l find a canvas, a sculpture, a screen, and invent I
lay siege to it. court it. win it by the ardor of love, by the skill of I
diplomat, by the patience of the devotee! I speni five years In getting my
Kilinpo I.inpi. which 1 had found in a village near Luques. * * •
"A thousand guineas, and already the picture has risen to i too.
figure shows me my folly., and. letting the Lidding go on. 1 got ready
depart, lest I give way to a fresh temptation.
"As T turned 1 saw a pair of eye? transfixing me with a stare-, which
made me' slop short as though, with, a blow. I had recognized the look
without recognizing the man.
"All of a sudden my mind was cleared by an inspiration. Tt was th<>
thief of Monte Carlo, older by twelve years, his shoulders broadened. hi<»
face expanded, but too much like him in his characteristic lines and a
certain bold and strong expression to make it possible that I could be m! = - i
taken. He was dressed with an extreme care which appeared to indicate
wealth.
"To find him again thus, after so many ytars, stirred my curiosity so
profoundly th.-v 1 felt as though r must approach him. Then T saw that
he stopped looking ai me to go toward the platform occupied by the auc
tioneer, and doubt as to the recognition seized me.
"Meantime the sale wen: on. I thoughi \ saw that he whom I had
taken for my guardian thief was now bidding for th^ picture. Two thou
sand Iwo hundred gui
"It was knocked down. A name was given which T will not tell you,
and 1 ask that yon do not seek to discover it at Christie's. Tt is that of
one of the m^n best known as having made an immense fortune in Cap*
mine?. The notion that my unknown of the gambling house and the
magnate of the Africa:' 'claims' were perhaps one and the same seemed
so preposterous an Idea that T could not find it in me to believe it true, r
ruhbrd my forehead with my hand to exorcise the demon of likenesses.
"T cared to think only of one thing, a Burne-Jones lost to me. and T left
th" saleroom at last to avoid being seized onop more, not now by the
temptation again to dispute with some 'miring man' for or.c of tliA paint
er's masterpieces, but by that of approaching this man to ask him if h«
had not years ago robbed me of £lfi at Monte Carlo, and if it was really he
whom I had brutally and Justly taunted without his being ahlp to find a
word in reply? Yon will admit that these are ouestions not to ask." • • •
"And wns It he?" T asked, as he became silent.
"And it was he." he answered. "How did he happen to bf» at Christie's
bpside me during thai sale? T cannot say. noi whether it wns by chance
that he followed me into th* street after having met me. How did he
learn my name and address? T nm equally ignorant of that.
"This much is certain. That evening when T returned from the opora
I found at my home the Burne-Jonea water < "lor f< r which I had bid In
vain, with a note which T want to show you. Tt contains the whole Amer
ican character," and. taking from his frock coat pocket an envelop* on.
which his address was typewritten, he read:
" 'Dear Sir— You have doubtless forgotten n little debt contract")*
with you twelve years ago at Monte Carlo by a young g-entleman
who. for his part, lias not forgotten It. Tt is thanks to this money
nnd the le3son which accompanied it that this young man has by
hard work been able to l>ccom° what he is. It would take too lonar
to f»ll you how. Rut you should know that this young man then
found himself at Monte Carlo literally without a sou after having
gone there with mon?y which did not belong to him.
" 'The manner in which you treated him. in pardoning a very
Furious offense and mr.king him feel its gravity, worked such a
change in him that hp started back to London that very evening,
determined to remake his life by work nnd to start by earnine the A
means to pay this first debt, which bad allowed him I
detestable gambling hall. That first debt he has paid. Sine" then
he has worked for himself. Cod has favored him more than he de
served.
" 'Tn bis good fortune he has always regretted that he knew
nothing of yon. nor where you were r.or where you lived, so
he might pay this second debt to you. Circumstances enabling him
to-day to fulfill this vow. yon will allow him, dear sir. as a fellow
countryman, to beg your acceptance of this picture, which you
wanted. 1 owe you much more, sinc^ without your great generosity
toward me at a certain momeni of my life my destiny would have
taken another course. T may add thai i have kept nn exact arc
for twelve years of the amount which would be repi id 1 T
have calculated it at a hundred francs since about the time of mv
start to the mines of Colorado at the beginning, and later the mines
of the Cape, and considered thai yon had a one hundred and S<
share in my affairs. T had taken as capital Just one hundn
two times thi - you let me have. Put .• Mess
pee objections to this settlement. 1 hope that you will see •
keeping this water color, and believe me pour devoted * * *
"T omit the signature. There is In that the Hf P nf a man you kr.nrr \
frrie man. When you are astonished, you other nations on this s;
nater. by our spirit of enterprise, what you call our *pluck
know that nearly all of us have an inner ideal which susi
1 ; his remorse from the moment of his error.
"When T received this letter my first idea was to find his add re
♦■ike back the picture to him. Then, or second thought, it seemed
ibat I 'owed' it to him to accept ii, all the more so since I shall consi
simply a trust.
"My will has been made a long time, and T do not regard mv col
as my own. l havt left it to my city, to Syracuse, where t shall 'never '
lived. But 1 shall be there after. my death, and la not this still :
£"od citizen in a way?"
by sentence, and saw that each sentence
had been polished and elaborated until no
further elaboration was possible.
"So I determined that I also would elab
orate and polish, and these thine? I did
in a story which I wrote and called 'King
Pippin ami Sweet CUve.' I sent it to the
CornhilL James Payne read It ai
greatl] approved of it that he asked ny
up to the office and encouraged mo to con
tinue writing. 'But,' he said, -why do you
not write a novel? You can never make
an Income out of writing short 3toi -
"I answered, 'Sir, l have no idea of plot
—construction— such as is necessary for the
production of a novel.' And thru the kind
man gave me a full hour of his time in
a paternal discourse <>n tho carpentry of
fiction. He encouraged m>' to try and I
did try. and again I failed. 1 wrote a
novel of modern life, and it was lament
ably bad. l never made more than ,ur>o
($250) a year during all those years.
"It was hy a mere accident that I was
put on the road whlch'has led me— well,
to — well, to being respectfully greeted by
the clerk at that bank over the way. I
was up in London and was sitting in the
smoking; room of the New University
Club thinking rather despondently of my
past and even more despondently of my
futtfre, when T happened to notice on the
little table which stood by the chair on
which I was sitting a copy of I'm:
Band's 'History of the Huguenots.' l
took it up rather mournfully and turned
over its leaves. Those were Rider n,,^-
gard's imperial days, when fiction, to be
popular and marketable. *iad to rumMo
with thunder and drip with bloori. And
the book in my hand set me thinking that
one might successfully write of carnage
and the. stir of arms in a period which
was elegant and refined, and I thought ot
the Huguenots and St. Bartholomew's
eve. and later, as [ was washing my .
hand-. I thought out the plot of The-*
House of the Wolf.'
"At the same time i had not f^r?
what i
:y of taking pains, and over
story I spent infinite labor. I polls
rewrote and touched and ret<v : ,
I with difficulty in
myself to let it go forth, v.
well said, no
It was
from the serial use of 11
rights I derived In all the sun
ISIOOO)."
:'t think the ordinary men
the Weyman school have i
\er will, '
any such heroic fashion as this
master.
Henrik Ibsen, the famous dram
works in solitude and will not suit-•
s> if to be Inti rrupted on anj ■
Day after da j he writes s
hours— from s o'clock in th< I
til l o'clock in the a
drama '■ -
months In i>< rfectlng th<
months in writing out the play a I
wis. preparing it for the si
Wh( n Ibsen sli
y he has
;. task before him,
drama Is. so 1 -
In his head, and he I)
to copy ..in the vari
He usually m.ik
copies, of each dram
contains th<
se< ond deals with it ■ -• A
polffl , and ih" tWr ■
f'»rm. with >v- i ■
<■■'. Whenever I
(ant of :': -
corrliiiK to certaj
he never deviates.WONDERS PARIS EXPOSITION 1900.
IT LL the world is coming to the
/I in, at least, so says
I a year in advance,
r~\ and l'.ir!> being credulous and enn-
A. JLfldent, makes ready for the rush.
preparation consists
In lying awake nights planning
tortion to be applied to the |
The tru<- Parisian would i
ver should a S"ii escape him j
. .it by any possibility have pos- j
- inish-American war was
blow to French enterprise. Amer
been numerous in Paris on
int and the Parisian is worse
gry, he is simply ravenous for
• els that the exposition wlil
My tailor Is learning English in
•
must have American trade," he
the other day, "in order to
: The Americans
ho spend any
'
: 'rench?" I suggested,
I share of the
' life."
he answered, "but they
• Ing for nothing. The
the prices that we
■ ■ ins."
was it not, to
, but it was uttered j
ition and a fullness of |
ling. Thc-re is no j
sentiment in the boson of ;
■ ■ man tells me thnt
Lye at a certain j
I months, when
the Frenchmen
•his?' he said to the barber.
barged me a franc and
'-irs from these
tys ask a franc
: -." he coolly answered.
; tomed to paying that
rica and do not find it too
much."
ion among the French is not
• >w much a thing is worth, but how
niiich can you be made to pay. In the
■ when Miss America appears in a!
new gown, the old lady shakes her head, j
How John L. Roused the
Wrath of the Australians
o Manager MacMahon Relates the Peculiar Troubles H« Experienced While Intro- ©
O ducing the Great Chan>pion to the Antlpodeans. - O
O «
FOR a man just turned 40, James
D haa bad a remarkable
• cperii ". For more
r hia life, ever since he
1v be has run theaters and
■.vs !n all parts of the world, he
has traveled round the globe in the com
of many famous ptnrs, and has man
• >r yean several of the largest play-
B In Australia, taking the lead in in
troducing to that country many brilliant
American performers.
It v ' ihon who took the famous
pugilist, John L. Sullivan, to Australia,
and MacMahnn. who is now on a visit to
this city, speaks somewhat regretfully of
the occurrence. "It was in 1891," said the
manager, "when I was In the States look
ing for fresh attractions to send out to
the Colonies, that I lirst came across John
1.. ! thought I waa surely in
for a good thing when I secured him, at a
•lary, to play tho blacksmith's part
In 'Honest Hearts and Willing Hands,'
one of Dtincan B. Harrison's most sue
: plays. So much so that a mana
■ York offered me $5000 for a half
In my enterprise. I consulted the
impresario. Henry E. Abbey, about
. hut he advised me to decline.
H" thought so highly of John L.'s pros
| .n Australia that he feared in him a
rival to Sarah Bernhardt. whom
he was about to take on a tour through
the continent.
"Shows how difficult It Is to forecast
•vents In the theatrical world. Bullivan'«
sighs audibly and then expresses an
honest conviction that a girl who dresses
like that should pay more for her hoard". :
"She pays your price, doesn't she?" I said j
one day after one of these demonstra
tions. "Yes, but she can afford to give
much more," was the lamenting response.
The Americans who are coming- to the
itlon must be prepared to pay for
whistles. It will be no cheap ex
cursion. Already prices of living are on
the Increase and there is no telling what
tho limit will be. Every Frenchman in
Paris expects to make a fortune In IPOO.
: Many Americana are possessed of tho
Idea that once arrived in Paris living is
next to nothing, but this notion is abso
lutely a delusion and a snare.
A young- art student from San Fran
cisco told mr> that he had expected to pay
not more than $25 a month for his room
and board. "I don't believe that I could
mention my authority," he said, "but
• somehow 1 had the impression that a
::t could live decently for that
, amount. Well, I have hunted the town
over and am now paying $50 for a room
on the fourth floor with meals that are
none too good."
Perhaps this young 1 man is a trifle luxu
rious in his notions, as I am satisfied that
many Btudents do live for less than $50 a
month. How they live is quite another
question. The enthusiast who has al
ways been well fed is apt to rush into
Starvation without any terror whatever.
He fancies that his body will be of no
consequence if he can only gratify the
ig of hit "soul." But let him feel a
t>w times the real pangs of emptiness;
let his head swim for want of proper
nourishment, and he will find his dreams
reverting from heaven to earth. Loth
though he may be to confesß It, the win
dow of a patisserie will become more at
tractive than any picture in the Louvre,
and apparitions of savory roast beef will
r le themselves persistently where all
had been "art for art's sake."
exposition of next year is going to
be a fabulously splendid affair. I am
watching its progress with a great deal
of interest, and am satisfied that it will
be worth almost any sacrifice. I would
not even discourage the enthusiast who
feels that he could persevere in a starva-
inordinate appetite for food and liquor
proved his ruin, and I came out of the af
fair a heavy loser. When I engaged the
prize fighter he promised me he would
never touch a drop of liquor during the
eiiKHpement, but unfortunately he did not
K« ep his word.
•'The first words Sullivan uttered on the
stage in Australia did the whole business.
It was a memorable speech, and cost me
many thousand dollars. We opened at the
Melbourne Opera-house, and the people
were so anxious to see Sullivan that we
had a record house and had to turn away
[ mon"y.
"Unfortunately, during the afternoon,
Sullivan got drinking with some of his
friends, and when the curtain rang up
| was nowhere"^o be found. After scouring
j the city in cabs we at last discovered him,
but the audience had a long and tiresome
wait. The pugilist had to appear dressed
' as a blacksmith, and bang away at an
; anvil with a heavy hammer. In his haste
Sullivan had no time to change, and
i rushed on the stage attired in evening
dress, a thousand-dollar diamond stud
sparkling in his shirt front, and round his
i waist the rough leather working apron
'', of a blacksmith. The gallery' boys, who
are always demonstrative in Australia,
■•d and yelled themselves? hoarse.
'Where've you been, Sullivan?' they de
risively cried. 'Where did you get them
clothes?'
"Instead of going on with the play, Sul
livan turned front hia anvil, and swinging
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APTCTL 30, 1899.
tion programme, but would simply ad
vise him to try it at home first. The
truth of the matter is that Pariß is the
worst place on earth in which to econo
j mlze. Not only is everything very ex
pensive, but there are temptations at
every turn. To pray "lead us not into
temptation" and to continue to live in Pa
ris is Ironical. Be your taste for culture,
i for dress or for dainties of the cuisine, you
| will llnd unlimited opportunities to spend
■ your money and your pangs will be great
i if you have not the money to spend. Dur
ing the exposition these temptations will
1 b< many times more frequent, for all the
; world In this regard Is conspiring against
; us.
How Paris will manage the crowds that
! are expected I am curious to know. With
■ the primitive methods of transportation
i that exist she is not duccessful in han
; dling an ordinary week-day crowd. At 5
\ or C o'clock in the afternoon, It is often
Impossible to find a place in an omnibus
even after waiting an hour or more at the
etatlon. It is nothing extraordinary to
wait that length of time and then be
! compelled to take a carriage to get home.
Fortunately the fiacres are not expen
\ sive, the price being 35 cents a trip. When
; expended several times a day, however,
i as is absolutely necessary if one's time
j be valuable, it adds considerable to the
1 expense.
The visitor of next year will have trials
' Innumerable He will be imposed upon
, and cheated at every turn of the road and
his money will get away from him with
■■ astonishing rapidity. The Frenchman is
so small in his cheats that the American
,is not on the alert for them. The Amer
| lean watches his dollars and thinks him
| self very smart and secure, while the
Frenchman is contentedly gnawing away
lat the sou end of the poeketbook. If one
i cannot speak the language the difflcul
i ties will be greater. There will be ample
need for all one's reserve stock of pa
tience and amiability.
This fs a hint of the disagreeable Bide
of life during the exposition. The delight
ful side would take much longer to de
scribe. With all of tho uncertain annoy
ance the exposition will be worth it— yea,
I have no doubt of it, a thousand times
worth it.
• • •
From the top of the Eiffel Tower the
exposition looks very unimportant, prob
ably as unimportant as this little ter
restrial globe with its microscopical in
habltanta looks to the man In the moon.
It seems a study only for the entomolo
gist. . Thousands of animated dots, run
ning confusedly in all directions, crawling
up miniature columns, hanging to invis
ible ropes, suggests nothing greater than
so many insects. One feels that a hand
ful of yellow powder could end instan
taneously this Paris exposition, about
his heavy hammer as If he meant to hurl '
it at the audience, shouted back, 'You
ducks, I'll put a tall on some of you!'
"The speech was fatal. The Australian
audiences, having discovered that Sulli
van could not act, would not pay for the
mere pleasure of seeing him on the j
boards. All they wanted was to see him j
fight, and of course we could not have a
| fistic combat every night on the stage.
i If I had been in the pugilistic business I
! might have made barrels of money out
| of Sullivan, but unfortunately I had hold
of the wrong end of the stick.
"Sullivan's appetite, like his strength,
was enormous. On one occasion I was
having supper with a party of ladles in a
; Sydney hotel, when the pugilist forced his
I way into the - im. 'Don't be afraid of
j me, ladies,' he said as he seized a whole
turkey from the table, tore It apart with
j his hands, and commenced crunching the
j bones. Still, Sullivan's appearance was '
I not reassuring, and the ladles all fled.
"Only once did I receive a blow from
! Sullivan, and then, though it was but a
I mere playful tap, I felt the effects for I
weeks. You know Slavin offered to come ,
to Australia expressly to meet Sullivan,
but the fight could not be arranged.
"One day when I was sitting alone with
the fighter he boastfully declared that he
was afraid of no man. I had the impu
dence to retort, 'What about Slavin?'
John L. juet reached out his left, and
without any apparent effort, tapped me on
which all the world is dreaming. On the
i second landing as one descends the ln
sects become well denned midgets, the
j houses respectably sized toys, one even
hears the faint sound of many hammers.
It is only on the first landing from the
ground, however, that one appreciates the
i splender and the magnitude of the enter
j prise. One is high enough to escape all
; obstructions and yet the men are still
! men. One realizes that the scheme is a
i human one and wonders if this gray old
' world has ever looked upon a busier
scene. Near a little bend in the Seine
the towers and the quaint roofs of "Old
j Paris" are already near enough to com
: pletlon to be picturesque and interesting.
! I fancy that no other feature of the ex-
I position will contribute so much to the
general effect. It is a real city that they
are building thorp. When completed It
I will be the history of Paris with all the
| movement and charm of lifo.
The designers have not been too archaeo
logical in their ideas, I am told, but have
chosen to reconstruct the most curious
and the mn«t historically important of the
; old Parisian edifices.
The visitor will enter "Old Paris" by
the Porte Saint Michel, which will b«
gayly decorated with flaps, banners and
escutcheons, the supposed occasion being
the expected entree of a princely party.
I From the galleries erected for the event
: music will sound in honor of the ap
| profirhlnp party, while near the door the
! sheriffs of the city will harangue.
The musicians of "old" Paris will an
nounce every morning that the city is
awake, while at night the chimes will
peal the retreat for visitors. Imposing
sentinels and guards clad in the military
costumes of the times will parade at all
hours to keep In order the students, the
: vagrants and the players or to lead the
guilty ones to the pillory. Near the
Porte Saint Michel one will see the "Mal
son aux Plliers," famous as the house
of the Ilanseatic league and the cradle
of Parisian commerce. Here commences
the street of the old schools, which will
he filled with little shops and merchants
in picturesque costumes. The most at
tractive of all the shops will perhaps be
that of the tapissier Poquelin, where the
corner post is resplendent with carved
monkeys gathering fruits. From this
little shop went forth one day in the
arms of his godmother a tiny son of the
tapissier to be baptized in the neighbor
ing church. This petit Poquelin was af
terward known to the world as Moliere.
Near by is the house of Nicholas
Flamel, who Is supposed to have discov
ered the philosopher's stone and who
after the popular belief of the times
possessed vast treasures burled In the
cellars of his house. After the death of
M. Flamel and his family the poor -were
000000000000000000
the shoulder. Over I went, chair and all,
into the middle of the room. Good thing
for me he didn't hit out seriously,
wasn't it?"
MacMahon is a very diminutive, slightly
built man, and Sullivan could have crush
ed him as easily as he would a fly. Mac-
Mahon had a narrow escape, and has rea
son to be thankful that the pugilistic
giant did not hit straight from the shoul
der. "To wind up my experiences with
Sullivan," continued the manager, "I
must tell you his concise comment on the
country. I asked him what he thought
of Australia. He replied, 'I like the place
j and the people well enough, but I don't
i like their dramatic crickets.' "
MacMahon's first dramatic experience
i was gained as manager for Mrs. Scott
Slddons, the famous tiagedienne, whom
| he piloted for several years on an extend
i ed tour through the States.
"We first opened In San Francisco in
IS7B at the Grand Opera-house," he said,
"and made a tremendous success. I con
sider Mrs. Siddons' Rosalind in "As You
Like It" was unequaled in her time; in
; fact, she was a fitting successor to the
great Helen Faucett. She was " most
earnest in her pursuit after realistic ef
fect, and when she was studying for
Ophelia actually spent weeks in a luna
tic asylum in order to get the true note
of the unforunate heroine's madness.
■ ♦ » /
An Irish principal in a recent impromp
tu mill, realizing that he was being bad-
I ly worsted, vigorously protested to the
bystanders against the methods of his
adversary.
"Sure, an' wasn't it to be a fair stand
up fight? " he excitedly exclaimed.
"It certainly was," returned an on
looker, who had been a witness of the
preliminary arrangements.
"An' how, thin," retorted the defeated
candidate, "can he be ixplctin' me to
shtand up and folght Mm fairly Jf he do
be knockln' me down all the toime?"—
Richmond Dispatch.
allowed to live In the house free of
charge, only on condition of praying for
the boulb of the deceased. Over the door
will bo seen this inscription; "We men
and women, laborers living in this house,
which was built Is the year of grace 1407.
are each held to say every day a Pater*
noster and an Aye Maria and to pray the
Grace of God for all poor sinners. Amen."
In this street also is the house that might
be called the cradle of the press of
Prance. It was occupied by Theophraste
Renoudat, doctor and journalist and the
founder of the French Gazette, the first
newspaper in the country. In this quarter
lived all the celehrated printers and en
gravers of the time. During the exposi
tion these industries will be conducted in
the primitive fashion.
In another street bordered on one side
by houses and on the other by shop? will
be the "Urenitr aux poetes," an establish
ment such as Francois Villon might have
conducted, where ballads and choruses,
both joyous and satirical, will be recited,
naturally to the music of the clinking of
glasses. The convent of the Jacobins,
famous during the Revolution, is not far
away. whence will issue religious
processions exactly as in the old^n days.
At the end of this street, by the side of
the cloister, the pillory will be erected.
Here those who wish to contribute to the
Vividness of the scene may deride the poor
individuals who will submit during certain
hours to put their heads through the hole
of the pillory.
The church that Is being erected in "old
Paris" will be one of its greatest attrac
tions. It is a reconstruction of Saint
Jullen dcs Menetriers, the church of the
jugglers and wandering musicians con
structed by their brotherhood in the thir
teenth century. Until the Revolution this
church was the property of these strolling
players. Before it they crowned their
king, held their court and conducted all
manner of revelry. During the exposition
all of these characters will be resurrected.
Minstrels, dancers, jugglers, players of all
musical instruments, will there be con
gregated.
It would take much time and space to
describe all the attractions of "old Paris."
Suffice it to say that every phase of life
as it existed through several certuries
will there be represented. The old palace
of Saint Louis, of Philip le Bel, of Charles
VI, of Louis XII, is being reconstructed.
Those who are ambitious may mingle in
court society, for lords and ladies will be
numerous in all their splendor.
» * *
Across the river a turreted rampart,
bordered by a deep moat, is conspicuous.
Here, after passing through a gate with
medieval towers and a drawbridge, the
visitor will find himself on the famous
"place de la coeur dcs Miracles." An ele
gant tribune will be erected, from which
Wonderful Hits Made by
Men With the Long Bow
Famous Archers Who Witt) Flying (Arrows Could Rival the Rifle-Scooting Feats
of Buffalo Bill and Dr. Carver.
EVERYBODY has heard the story of
William Toll, who shot an apple
from the head of his son with a bow
and arrow, and of the wonderful
fpats of Robin Hood, who roamed the
green woods of "Merrie England" and
could bring down a wild goose on the
wing or split an opponent's arrow with
his own.
There are many other curious feats of
archery, however, that are not so well
known. There was the famous "William
of Cloudesley, who could split a hazel
wand with his shaft from a distance of
200 yards.
Going much further back, it is said that
some marvelous deeds were performed
by the Persians, who boasted descent
from the famous hero archer, Perses, and
the Scythians, descendants of the great
archer, Scythes. It is related that the
Persians could dr" c one arrow out of the
hole it made with another, at less a long
range, and repeat the feat wTth several
successive arrows at their sand butts.
They also shot from horseback, hitting
a mark while galloping at full speed.
One archer would gallop past a butt and
send two arrows through one hole In
doing so.
Homer tells how Penelope promised her
many suitors that he only should be
favored
"Who first Ulysses' wondrous bow should
bend
And through twelve ringlets the fleet
arrow send,"
he -will enjoy brilliant tournaments be
tween knights glittering in armor from
head to foot. Here again he may mingle
with lords and ladles and gay cavaliers
clothed with scrupulous exactitude in the
costumes of tho fifteenth century.
On the church which is being erected
the old mystery plays will be given ex
actly as in 1400. In this inclosure the
street dcs filles dieu will he reproduced,
bordered with little stalls— wine shops,
the resorts of the vagrants and the beg
gars. This street will be well rem.n.i
bercd by all readers of Victor Hugo's
"Notre Dame do Paris." Here the moun
tebanks, tho charlatans and the trouncres
will hold undisputed sway.
* * *
Near the Eiffel Tower preparations are
being made for tho construction of a
queer pa 'ace which will bo built from the
summit to the ground. The laying of the
foundation will be its finishing touch.
This is tho luminous palace Ponsin which
will be made entirely of glass. M. Fon
sin is an artist who has given much time
and attention to the study of glass there
in, producing unimaginable results. For
him glass possesses every possible qual
ity. It is as transparent as air or as
opaque as metal: it is as delicate as lace
or as substantial as iron. In the lumi
nous palace he has undertaken to show
the vast possibilities of his favorite sub
stance. It will be constructed of white
glass, ornamented with huge jewels fine
ly cut in various colors.
Inside there will be divans, exquisite
carpets and even beautiful pictures, all
made of glass. With these appointments
the glassmakers at Venice are now busily
occupied. The palace will be crowned by
a colossal statue of Hlectricity, which,
mounted on colorless glass, will appear to i
be standing in air without a support.
At night, brilliantly lighted by elec- j
tricity, one may Imagine how bewilder- j
Ingly beautiful will be the effect. To in- '<
tensify it, the palace will be situated on a i
lake, whore electric fountains will play '
and in which will swim glass fish and
aquatic birds, all luminous at night with
electricity. Under the palace will be a '
wonderful grotto, hung with glass stalac- j
tites, where the floor will be transparent, i
I well knowing that only her husband could I
display such power, in proof of which, j
when they failed, he re-won his wife, for, I
bending his elbow:
| "The whizzing arrow vanished from the
string,
Sung on direct and threaded every ring."
The Romans were very skillful bowmen,
although they discarded the weapon in
warfare, trusting to the charge and to
hand-to-hand fighting. Many of the Ro
j man Emperors were famous archers. It
is said that Domitian would place boys I
in the circus at a considerable distance j
from him, and as they held up their i
hands, with their fingers outspread, he :
would send his arrows between them with :
such nicety and accuracy of aim that he
never inflicted a wound.
The wicked Emperor Commodus boasted
that he never missed his aim or failed to
! kill the wild beast that he shot at with i
i a single arrow. He would set a shaft in '
his bow, as some wild beast was set free j
I in the circus to devour a living criminal
; condemned to die. Just when the furious
: animal was springing on his* prey the Em
j peror would strike it dead at the man's
feet Sometimes one hundred lions were j
let loose at once, in order that he. with
one hundred arrows, might kill them all.
i With arrows, the heads of which were
semi-circular, he would sever the necks
of ostriches while at full flight.
An archer named Aster, seeing Philip
of Macedon among his troops, is eaid to
have written on an arrow: "Aster sendß
permitting the visitor to look down on
i fantastic fish and antedeluvian monsters.
: A great fairy tale this palace will be.
; • * *
i There will be no Midway Plaisance at
the Paris Exposition. But one may take
a trip around the world and see the rep
resentatives of every nation in all their
characteristic attitudes. There will per
haps be nothing more popular at the Ex
position than this tour of the world. The
building, of enormous proportions, is al
ready nearly completed. It is called a
panorama, but deserve:.; a better name to
distinguish it from the stereotyped pano
ramas of which we are all so weary.
The trip commences with a departure
from the port of Marseilles. The light
house, the Chateau d'lf, the entire spec
tacle exactly as it exists, pass before the
traveler. lie will have every sensation
of being on a ship, let us hope minus the
seasickness. After several ports he ar
rives at Athens, where he may look to his
heart's content upon the Acropolis, with
the Parthenon and other monuments of
past glory- With this view there will be
I no animated scenes. Why, " do not know,
unless to suggest the mournful fact that
the Athens In which we are really in
terested there are to-day no living repre
sentatives. From Greece the traveler
crosses the Dardanelles and the Bosphor
us to Constantinople, where he mingles
with real Turks.
From there to Egypt and India, enjoy
ing in the meantime the life of the Suez
Canal and the characteristic dances of the
countries. At Ceylon he will witness the
power of the snake charmers over live
cobras, and in Hindostan the marvelous
feats of jugglery for which the natives
are famous. In China and Japan he will
| drink tea at the teahouses, promenade
i through- rice fields and invoke Buddha if
Ihe likes in the temples. Little Mme.
; Chrysanthemes in flesh and blood will
smile and dance for him. Through
' Oceanica. Africa and America he passes
i before reaching Europe again. Arrived in
I Spain he will hear the chink of castanets
and see scores of pretty dancing girls. He
will even witness a real bullfight.
It will be very wonderful this trip
around the world, and quite as instruc-
I tive, say the critics, a? three years of
i travel. GENEVIEVE GREEN.
Philip a deadly shaft," and hit the King
with it in the eye.
Toximus mentions an archer, named
Menalus, -who could discharge three ar
rows at once and hit each of three ob
jects he aimed at. He fell at last by th»
hands of a general named Romulus. In
the army of Magentlus, whom he had pre
viously shot and wounded.
The Persian archers, according to Char
dian, practiced at a mark placed on top
of a mast twenty-six feet from the
ground. Toward this the horseman rode,
with bent bow, at full speed, and in pass
ing the mark turned and shot at it back
ward, sometimes to the right and some
times to the left, seldom missing. The
Persian bow required a pull of 500 pounds.
■ ♦ ■
"What is a phantom party, papa?"
asked Willie.
"You'll find that out later in life, my
boy." was the reply.
"When I am married?" persisted Willie.
"Precisely, my boy," answered his
father. "When you are married and come
home late from the club you will occa
sionally find something in the nature of a
phantom sitting vp — "
This was the point at which Willies
mother hastily carried him away to bed,
declaring that she should not permit him
to listen to such outrageous exhibitions of
masculine humor.— Chicago Post.
■ ♦ .
Elephants are fond of gin, but will not
touch champagne.
2324
N 1 'T often : :he leaders ol S.-.n
asion
to resort to manual labor. Vet
when thi cvinning
honors and blui cuds
and medals for their ranine pets is In
volved they do not \,n
brush ■ •■ , put
their the li.-n< h
show.
.Mrs. Cro
Kercising of her ( iordon set t<
spares no effort to insure his raining
ri prize. This year the ladies have
taken :i , terest in the show
than •!■! the prospect of
competition from the Rast has a\
mod thei: ■ and Bharpened their
W. H. Dick. Mrs. Duncan Mur
ray and Mrs. .1. P, Norman exhlb
trio of mastiff orphan pups by i
Don out of I^.ia. These thVee will be
*'- p " on ' l, ami the own
era seem equally i • their at
taining high hon< i The pups are
Bueno Montez, Norman Montez and
y- St. (:■ maidsi ds enjoy ereat
popularity with the fair s- •■
not b« Ind the work in voh
their i
Pasha, a flne young dog that i...,u
the first puppy prize lasi year, will be
Bhown by his proud owner. Mis \' <•
DuffiHd.
Miss Tim.- Lorraine ol Los Aneeles
AM UP-TO-DATE CHURCH;
Ct >LUMBUS, <>hio.
THE new First Baptist Temple of
this city, which was dedicated last
<.f t he ii!ii(|ii>- edifices
in tho West -in originality it stands
first In the church architecture of O
In style it is a modified form of Gothic,
without cupola, dorm- or steeple. Though
it lias beautifully wrought stained glass
Gothic windows and arches, many Ro
ique features are used in the- minor
parts. / in the Interior decora—
where the arrangement of the build
ing is most striking.
Instead of entering the house or wor
ship throußh a small vestibule, the visitor
steps through the gorgeously i
Gothic portal into ;■ 1": ik corridor, on
cither side of which are offices, lecture
rooms, nursery, parlors and similar rooms
uory to modern churches. The cor
ridor is wainscoted In white marble and
lias the appearance of a theater lobby.
At either side, near the end of t ho lobby,
beautiful carved staircases lead to the
halcony above.
The end of the lobby loads directly into
the main auditorium exactly as the lobby
of a theater.
From the wide aisl<» which runs around
the rear of the room under the circular
balcony a good view Is to be had of the
commodious stage which the Baptist mm
Jpter 1h to use for his pulpit, and whore
are located the great organ and the seats
for the cholrf
li-.r enormous pot, Omar Khay
yam. whoße tastes ■. :• ;:s omnivorous
as liis namesake, the Persian poet, whs
\■• rsatile.
Mrs. <;. C. Oxnard contributes Grand
Master Jr., who will probably prove a
close competitor to Mrs. Loth's Rex
is ihe < '.i-'-ji t. <)t her entries In
the same Miss Jennie Dun
phy's noted Bernardo Jr. and Miss M.-iv
ircsthal's PrinceOthmar. The rivalry in
this breed Is peculiarly Interestlnß, ow
■ the disputed pan ntal <iu;s "
tions ■ ' :))•■ two dead sins, champions
(Jrandmaster and California Bernardo.
Mis. < linton Wbrden has a special
I"-: among her husband's deerhounds.
but her affections are principally be
stowed "i! her "V :s peculiar property,
Lady Jan . Isome and affection
bull terrier bitch.
Miss <i. Vann favors the Irish setter
;iml will show Sappho. Mrs. X. \\
Hickman prefers Gordon setters to fox
terriers, and li«-i Major I will he .1
prominent candidate for honors. Cocker
spaniels are pre-eminently fitted for
household pets. They are cleanly, iii
telligent and affectionate, so it is ii"
wonder thai they are found so prom
inently among the entries made b
en exhibitors. Mis. Webster Jones
Pedro ;s .'ii.- ;■ [h- finest animals <>t
tin- breed In this country an.d need have
but lit 1 1 »- f*-ar ol" the competitors
brought oui by Mr. Klein. Mrs. Geor
gie Ralston's Viking ami Mrs. E. P
Beck's Lady Thornhill are both hand-
I he proscenium arch is elaborately dec
orated and lacks only the drop curtain and
.';; tiles to carry out the stage effect. On
cither side of the stage-pulpit are a se
ries of boxes designed to be used for the
deacons of the church instead of the tra
■ini-.nal ••anifii corners. The pitched
floor; with its circular seats, the circular
balcony; the boxes and the stage, with
their rich ornamentation and brilliant
frescoing give the beholder the Impres
sion of being in a pretty little theater
church." '" a " hard - shell Baptist
A tour of the building will disclose
every modern convenience Including elec
tric lights, water plumbing, a room for
bicycles, cloak rooms, library Sunday
school room, kitchen and lavatories
"We want something new in the line
of church architecture," was the idea of
the building committee. It is the unani
mous verdict of the people who have been
permitted to peep Into the church during
the finishing. of its Interior that the com
mittee have secured what they were'af
ter. The new. temple is the church Ben
sation of Cntral Ohio, and already has
been dubbed even by prominent Baptists
the "East Side Theater." '
The ground for the new church was
purchased January I, 1897, and ground
was first broken October 8, 1897. The cor
ner-stone was laid with impressive core
monies by the Knights Templar June 3
IS9S. '
The, Rev. H. H. Barbour, pastor of this
up-to-date ecclesiastical edifice, is a na
tive of Hartford, Conn. Starting out in
life as a reporter, he became a lawyer and
later on a clergyman • ■>"' '
THE SAX FRA:n<JIWCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
BOW WOWS ON THE THEIR BEST
BEHAVIOR
AT THE
DOG
SHOW
some Bpecimens, and .Mrs. Katherine
Duff ami Mrs. F. E. Miller of Oakland
both declare for blue ribbons with
Laddie and Champion Woodland Duke
respectively. Mrs. Henry H. Carlton,
however, can probably point to Oak
side Trilby's glorious and unbeaten
career when she captured all the prizes
as Banner Trilby, and Mrs. Carlton
does nol think that the change of name
will lessen Trilby's chan
Mrs. Carlton, moreover, has another
claimant for blue ribbons in her Bos
tun terrier, Oakside Bessie, whose only
serious rival for the championship is
Edna Wallace Hopper's Consul. Bes
sie is of a jealous temperament and
Mrs. Carlton has to be guarded in her
demeanor to her other pets in conse
quence.
The collie champion, St. Clare Lad
die, i 3 Mrs. Phebe Hearst's personal
housedog and companion and his owner
does not allow hhn to compete with his
younger rivals. He is up "for exhi
bition only." Mrs. Hearst shows an
other pet, the French poodle "Tricot,"
which she has educated herself. Tricot
performs many wonderful tricks and
astonished many people at the last
show by her habit of answering en
dearing remarks with short barks,
plainly cqnveying approval or the re
verße.
-Mrs. Head also exhibits a trick
poodle, Finette, a remarkably Intelli
gent animal, able to count up to ten
and to distinguish coins of om
nomination from another. Finette sits
up proudly and decorously in Mrs.
dead's dogcaii and is a conspicuous
cynosure of attraction in' the pa,rk.
A very fine collie is Grant, owned by
Mrs. .JuilK'- Larrabee. Grant is one of
the tru< bre< d of Scot< h collie, with
brain power undimlnished bj the craze
for the Borzois head. He is able t<>
herd sheep or burglars and is willing
and capable of minding babies and
guarding the house.
.Miss Corona Reccardo has a stanch
and stalwart Democrat, whose name is
Dick Croker. Jf<> is a bulldog and as
game as that breed is known to be.
ll'- bears a striking resemblance to
George R. Sims' Billy Greet.
.Mrs. J. A. P.axter offers for the
judge's consideration Bessie B. a bull
terrier \vith claims to rival Mrs. Clin
ton Worden's Lady Jnne. Both these
animals are fond of cats, and their fair
owners are ever vigilant that their
pets' tastes are not gratified.
Miss Mina d'Evelyn and Norman
fi'Evelyn follow closely in the footsteps
of their father, the doctor, in his love
for dumb brutes. Time was when Miss
d'Evelyn had her own particular pet.
trie magnificent mastiff, Marqtrt*. but
Bince the latter's death she has had to
content herself with a half-interest in
her brother's fox terrier, the noted De
fender.
Mrs. Hooper will this year have a
dangerous rival to her Irish terrier,
Flossie H. Mrs. Fred Holmes' Trilby
i I Is, a remarkably fine youngster, al
: ii>- has never before been benched.
In black-and-tans Mrs. W. Buchanan
exhibits a little beauty of the name of
Tip.
Sky.- terriers are strongly in favor
with the ladies, who, as a rule, have
plenty of time to devote to the care of
these animals' silky coats. Mrs. F. G
Sanborn shows no less than three of
her pets, Peggy, Little Billee and Bis
marck; Mrs. Abbie Meehan exhibits
Flora, and Mrs. Letts Oliver claims the
blue ribbon for Topsy.
Mrs. Grace will, as usual, place her
Yorkshire terriers in evidence, and the
long and silky coats of these little fel
lows invariably excite universal ad
miration.
Mrs. George H. Wallis' Ophelia is an
unusually perfect specimen of the Pom
eranian spitz dog, and will probably
have to seek for dangerous competi
tion among- the Eastern visitors.
Quite a number of Japanese spaniels
will be shown. Miaa yjola- Piercx's
Jap, Mis? Ma Killey'a Kekko, Miss
Freda Hatge's Jap H. Mrs. H. A.
Wegener'a Yum- Yum, and Miss Rose
Hooper's Mikado arc all beautiful
specimens. Judge Lacey'a lot is not
one to be envied when it comes to the
si lection oj a first-prize winner among
so many animals, all of which appn ::■■ h
to perfection.
Dachshundes, it is said, are bought
and sold by the yard. Mrs. 11. B.
Vogel of Oakland nuns Hilda [, whose
length of body attracts attention at the
bow and stem "f the Oakland ferry
boat simultaneously, while Mrs. H. O.
Trowbridge's Dachsel presents his head
.■it the Lotta fountain when his tail is
ug tin- neighborhood of the late
Baldwin Hotel.
Mrs. Burling*s pus: dog Nip will con
tesl for the can ssea of the visitor? with
Mips Florence Coffee's Dolly C. Need
less to say that caresses are no unfa
miliar endearmeni tv these petted
scions of bluf-blooded canines.
Mrs. .T. P. Atkins exhibits a splendid
whiffet named Fox, and Mrs. Daniel
T. Murphy's newly Imported Chow
("how will teach the natives that the
Orientals know a thing or two about
dog breeding.
Two Teneriffe terriers will also be
seen, both the property of Mrs. Jo
sephs of ili" Palace Hotel.
Besides these local dogs Mrs. Hodge
of New York sends out the corded
French poodle, Black Prince, winner of
thirteen first and special prizes. Pa-
Hfir Coast mastiffs are notoriously
weak in muzzle, although the tendency
Is to breed them longer and more
•naesive in that respect than hereto
fore. However, our breeders can see
2he type in Dr. C. A. L#ougest's brindled
Black Prince, which has never been
t>eaten.
Mrs. Samuel Haas' French bulldog,
Panlua, will be a novelty, as n<> speci
mens "f that breed have ever been ex
hibited here
Miss G. Shippen of New York sends
MASCAGNI'S NEW OPERA.
TWO stars are set to-day in the>mu
sical firmament of Milan, writes a
correspondent of the London Daily
Telegraph from that center of mu
sical activity; but the light of the
'X one has grown pale beside the new
ly kindled radiance of the other. Pietro
Mascagnl bids the people to his new
opera at the Seala, but it is the music of
the young priest. Lorenzo Perosi. that
they clamor after. Like the rest of Italy
Milan has fallen into a frenzy over the
composer of whom but a few months ago
the world had heard nothing.
With so formidable a rival pitted
against him, one cannot wonder that
Mascagni has found but a" lukewarm "re
ception for his. new Japanese opera in
Milan, and yet "Iris," I do not hesitate
to say, is a work of many beauties. That
it lacks the element of swift, sharp real
ism and the steam of saccharine .melody
which so inevitably carried "Cavalleria
Rusticana" to the hearts of the large
public may at once be admitted, but I, for
one, am willing to set against these wants
the value of the new opportunity here
held out to Mascagni by his librettist. '
. Mascagni. as a singer of sweet sere
nades. Mascagni as a contriver of strenu
ous ensembles, Mascagnl as a master of
fluent dramatic expression, after the man
ner of ypimj^ JtaU^ all these^we ; topw.
out Shamrock O'More, an Irish eetl«f
of exceptional beauty. Mrs. F. Senn
of New- York will show a Japanese
spaniel, "Kito [to, which is sure to be
found among the winners of the rib
bons. Her Yorkshire terrier, Ashton
Major, has an unbeaten record.
The Duchess of Newcastle has fre
quently officiated at the English bench
shows as judge of her favorite breed,
the Russian Borzois wolfhound. Her
( rrace may be seen any day during her
residence at Farnhurough with a pack
of these animals following her in her
ride.
The Blenheim spaniels are notoriously
the peculiar breed of the house of
Churchill, and the present Duchess of
borough has evinced an enthusi
astic interest in these canines.
George R. Sims is celebrated for his
versatility. Poet, dramatist, journalist,
he is no better known in these capaci
ties than he is celebrated as a judge
and breeder of dogs. His team of Dal
matians, or "plum-pudding dogs," as
they are sometimes called, betray his
identity when he is .driving through
the London streets, but he is catholic'
in his tastes and it is as a bulldog
fancier that he has achieved the fullest
measure of canine celebrity.
Billy Greet and Barney Barnato are
two intensely ugly bulls, . but neither
has ever been beaten in his respective
class. Mr. Sims expects to pay a visit
to this coast during the summer and
Barney Barnato will accompany him.
■ ♦ «
Nothing galls the natural pride of the
true-blood Scotchman more than to have
Scotland overlooked. A striking instance
of this feeling is said to have occurred
at the battle of Trafalgar. Two Scotch
men, messmates and bosom cronies, hap
pened to be stationed near each other
when the celebrated signal was given
from Admiral Nelson's ship: "England
expects every man to do his duty." "Not
a word about poor Scotland," dolefully
remarked Donald, His friend cocked his
eye and, turning to his companion, said:
'"Man, Donald. Scotland kens weel eneuch
that nae son o' hers needs to be tell't to
dae his duty. That's just a hint to the
Englishes."— Chicago Journal.
Some one mentioned to Charles Battell
L,oomis the other day the fact of a new
financial difficulty in one of our largo
book-soiling establishments that has had
a succession of such difficulties of late.
"Yes," said Loomis, in his sad. sighing
way, "they fail often. I had to go in
there a day or two ago and I hurried out
for fear they might fall again while I
was there,."
well. The man we did not know was Mas
cagni as a handler and illuminator of the
abstract, grasping with certainty. a spa
cious and majestic idea, and touching the
heights of true poetry in music. For this
new acquaintance .we .have to thank the
librettist of "Iris," who. in whatever de
gree he may have succeeded or failed in
other respects, has at all events suggest
ed to the . composer a magnificent induc
tion and conclusion for his work
The prelude to "Iris," continues the
Telegraph correspondent, will be classed
by some with the prologue to Boito'3
Mefistofele." But a comparison of the
two must needs tell immeasurably in fa
vor of the young composer. His themes,
indeed, are splendid, and he has treated
them as they deserved to be treated.
Looking generally at the music that fol
lows the impressive introduction, on©
finds no lack of the old Mascagnl. It
would not be in the composer's nature to
avoid the harmonic licenses and the vocal
climaxes that go so far to make up his
accepted style. He is fonder than ever of
eccentric cadences. Perpetually he teases
the ear into an unnatural yearning for
a resolution which he sometimes satis
fies and sometimes disappoints.
In a cubic foot of phosphorescent sea
water ther^ ha™ been found 25,000 living
ore&fcure* " *•
5DESPERATE FIGHT WITH CONDORS
F" Santa Barbara cornea the.
advj nmri; story of
• . an^d .Fred
met deadlj combat
wit: . only
■^ . lous birds uf
jilt.
told by the men, it
Bishop John 1,. Spauldin'g says American education is in the bands of
Komen. The band that rooks the cradle rules the world no more than the
»ne that guides the young idea. Not only that, 'he declares, but there la no
Honorable career." which Is not op»»n to woman, and the fact that she has
peen '.classed: as generally domestic exists because she has had few opportu
aiti<'?. :
• ■ Th^re i-s, theißishop says, too much said of the inferiority of the Wife
Uid mother. The husbands" and fathers need developing quite as much. Ed
ucation has no pox. Many Bided development is as much needed for woman
• is man. It is no; question of woman's rights, but one of common sense.
The utterances of Bishop Spaldlng are impressive, because they come
from orif whoso erudition and clear-sightedness have won him much
fame In the pulpit and in literature. In' expressing these opinions he
speaks for r.o association; sect or individual, but simply says what he
thinks. Wh.>n asked to say exactly what he thought as to the higher edu
cation of woman this is what he aid: .
' • , * - • *
A [CAN education, whether given by the State or by religious
denominations; is to-day largely and Increasingly in the hands of
women. If progress is to be made, I mean in education, women
must themselves receive a more thorough mental culture. If to
ciomanc" the higher education for women still seems absurd to
some, we should remember that for centuries it was deemed pre
josterous to give her any education at all. If In the past woman has been
mentally Inferior, it Is because the incentives, means and opportunities of
llectual growth were denied her. If her capacity has seemed to be '
:hlefly that of a domestic, it Is because she was refused - admission to
wider fields. '^-.V. %":?~\
It Is a frlghtf ll thing to see ignorance at work, and the most frightful
Vjf all when the work. Is that which the woman Is called to do, In the home
and the schoolroom. An Ignorant wife and mother will dull the minds of
.it husband and children. One who is intelligent and appreciative will' be
:<> them a strong stimulus to self-activity. We should do more to bring
Into play the endowments of woman, and be ready to offer opportunities
for the development of her talents. it is a dull man Indeed who ignores
the gifts of woman, and it savors strongly, of ignorance- wnen one Joins •
rs that both were out bunting for
Indian relics In the E Canyon a
• Is about eight
miles W iid
;' Bpi • -i in the whole E
of California. The •any in is narrow,
with massl -f rock hundreds of
rising heavenward on both sides.
BISHOP SPALDING ON THE HIGHER EDUCATION OF WOMEN.
These walls are precipitous, and it Is only
by the greatest care that a foothold can
be obtained at any point. -. ''"■ : ■_■";
While both men were digging in the
gravel at the bottom of the canyon, Fred
suddenly looked up . and saw a condor
fly into a cave high. up on the cliff.
"Guess that bird'sgot a nest in there,"
he said' to Frank, who was also watching
the giant bird. - .
"Looks -tViat way," Frank -answered,
OOOOOOC OOOv OO»OOOO<
STRANGE NEW SURGICAL ACHIEVEMENTS
O O
o o
Of Curing Cretinism. Instruments Lost in Stomachs. Producing .Son)narrjbulism. Old Remedy '
<> for Lockjaw. "
000000000000000000
I" N.one of the surgical amphitheaters
in New York the writer watched the
conclusion of an operation. "When it
was over and the patient had" been
f, wheeled away on a stretcher to one
of the wards it was noticed that an
assistant, in gathering up the Instru
ments from the antiseptic solution tray,
counted them and checked them off on a
memorandum which had been made be
fore the operation was begun. The chief
surgeon was asked why this was done.
"Oh, that," he replied, "Is" to make sure
that no instruments have been sewed up
inside of the patient." ;=* ■
"But." was the horrified question, "has '
such a mistake ever occurred?"...
"Oh, yes, frequently," replied the sur
geon.
"And what becomes of the patient in
such a case?"
"Well; some of him live, but the most of
him die. That is the reason we are care
ful. Yet it is wonderful how much the
average person will stand In. the way of
foreign substances in the body. It was.
announced the other day by I>r. Morestin,
the well known Russian surgeon, that a
woman who ., had been treated for con
stantly recurring abscesses had finally
recovered when a pair, of ..hoemostatic
forceps, which had been in her for years,
had been. accidentally discovered and re
moved. "This pair of ..forceps was four
inches long, and had remained In the
woman's body four years.  - ■ '
"A short time ago an up-country doctor
came -to -the city -to -be -operated upon, I
believe for. the removal of the vermiform
appendix, although I understand he never
hud appendicitis. He was borrowing
trouble, and he pot it. He did not im
prove' after -the'bperalion," -and .one night,
he died. -There waV 'an autopsy, and it
was found that a sponge had been sewed
up in him. It was m/>st unfortunate. "Vet
[ have known of many forceps, clamps
and other metal instruments to be for-
"^o^riiScS^^re'can have no tendency to make manor.
woman ™ or Spant or irreverent. in a noble thoroughly educated a;
woman is the more able ;is she to fulfill in a noble : way the .- du «9f °f /■ l £
and mother. The primary aim is not to make a good wife and :mother any
.nor.- than it is to make a good husband and/ father • Education knows no
sex. The educational Idea la human perfection, perfect manhood and per
fect womanhood. Given the right kind of man or woman and whatever
duties are to be performed, whatever. functions are to be fulfilled, will be
well performed and well fulfilled. Woman's sphere.lies wherever she can
live nobly and do useful work. 'The career open to ability applies to her
not Ipsm than to man. We may not put legal or social restrictions on the
spiritual growth of the one or, the other, it is good to have a strong and
enlightened mind; therefore it is good for woman to haw such a mind.
Eyery woman should be developed on many sides in harmony- and com-
With us in the United State* women have access. to all kinds of schools
and to nearly all the professions. They are no longer, accustomed to look
to marriage as to their one aim in life. They are brought up to trust to
their own intelligence and industry to maintain themselves, in the world.
Their success in study is equal to that of man, and their eagerness to im
prove themselves seems to be greater. The number of women who are
receiving the higher intellectual culture Is large and it is rapidly Increasing.
The genuinely great are seldom to be met with. How v rare is a great
poet, artist, historian, orator, general, physician or lawyer. Rare also, are
great teachers. I think I may say they are rarest of all. since It is not the
Intellect or the imagination or the heart alone that educates, but the whole
man or woman. Agassis held that a student gains more by being brought
into contact even for a brief time with a man of profound knowledge on
whatever eubject than a professor who knows little more than. he attempts
to teach could give him in many months. As we become capable of. deeper
insight the clearer do we see that only the greatest men and women can
educate. The rest are repeaters and trainers. ' ••■■ .-••■:.■•• . , ..
- Take from -any nation the hundred minds who are first in all the. sphere*
of: human activity and tho national life Is lowered. Human endowments.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
"and If It has, the chances are there are
eggs in it. I'm going up to see, any
how."
"Better be careful," Fred cautioned;
"Condors are mean beasts and might
pick your eyes out. But if you're going,
so am I."
With that both men started to climb
the cliffs. For arms they took along a
couple of heavy sticks and determined to
fight if the birds attacked them.".
To reach the c^ve into which the con
do^ had disappeared was a most difficult
task. The weather was warm and to
climb the 300 feet to the top proved try
ing and exhausting. At certain points a
foothold -was almost impossible and- a
single miscalculation 'In stepping meant
death by falling to the bottom of the can
yon. ■
Nearly an hour was consumed in get
ting on a level with the cave and then
remained the task of crawling along a
narrow ledge, so as to get inside and se
cure the condor's nest.
This ledge was only about seventeen
feet long, but from it to the bottom of
the canyon the walls went down almost
as straight as the walls of a building. It
was a situation that called for nerve and
daring. ;
"lam going In," paid Frank, an instant
after both had calculated the chance? ,
of getting to the nest. — ■"* -~. -'"
>oooooooooocoooooo
000000000000 00000
gotten and left in patients, and the latter
gel well. The character of tin- instru
ment may !>•■ -aid t" determine the demise
of the patient. Sponges are bad. Prom
tht-ir very nature they become collecting
agents, amd sunn poison the body. The
smooth metal objects, on the other hand,
are apt to work their way into the alimen
tary tract, and then they soon pass away.
"You doubtless have beard of needles
which have stayed in the human body for
years, gradually working their way out
of the system, or of old soldiers who still
carry the bullets shot into them during
the Civil War. The glass sw.'illowers of
the dime museums really perform won
ders in the way of resisting foreign sub
stances in the human body.
"But the most wonderful case of all
was that of an insane man whom I saw
in an asylum in Lancaster, Pa. He took
to swallowing things in the carpenter
shop, and before he was stopped he had
gulped down 140 odd nails of all sizes,
pome buckles, a piece of old iron, some
screws and a lot of other things— l can
not remember them all now. but it is on
the record. Well, they tied him down
and anestheticized him and extracted the
hardware, somewhat after the Caesarean
principle. These things are in the mu
seum, and the man— oh, he got well
enough. He's a healthy lunatic now."
Curing Idiots.
The surgeon turned away to the next
patient who was being prepared for ope
ration. She was a child lying motionless
on the table and staling upward toward
the great skylight with the hopeless in
difference' of the idiot. lle T - ijps were
thick, her tongue protruded, her hair had
a peculiar silky appearance. She did not
.appear- to be an ordinary imbecile. She
betrayed no uneasiness under the opera
tion and her case was soon disposed of.
The chief surgeon cleansed his hanfls in
the antiseptic washing solution and came
over to where the writer sat.
"All right," said Fred. "We can't both
go. I'll stay here and watch, and If the
old bird gives you too much trouble calT
me over and I guess we can knock her
out." .' ' '
It didn't take Frank more than a couple
of minutes to climb over the ledge and
peer Into the cave. The place where he
stood was comparatively level, and the
opening to the cave was good and large.
"Hurrah!" he shouted, after he had
made a scrutiny of the Inside. "There's
no bird there. She must have left while
we were climbing the cliff. I see one egg
in there, and it's a beauty." ; '
Picking up the egg carefully Frank put
it in his handkerchief and ' swung it
around his neck, so as to have both
hands free to make his perilous trip back
along the ledge.
lie had made about three-quarters of
the distance when an ominous rattle of
wings told him that danger was near.
Looking up he saw two condors sweeping
down upon him.
. The birds were a little timid about mak
ing the attack, and several times came
quite near and then swerved off into space
again. This gave Frank a chance, and
his first thought was for the prize that he
had been at such- pains to secure. Fred
was. standing on v the other; end of the
ledge- iitHi «iut> in one hand,. and •''with
ooooooooooaooooooo
v 00000000000000000
"Was not that an idiot." be was asked.
"Yes; we get a Rood many of them
here."
■•Mut can you cure Idiocy?"
"Well, we can help her. She is a cretin.
Cretinism is a form of Idiocy caused by
the lack of part of the thyroid gland. It
is a form of goitre Many children have
it. The moment the thyroid secretion
stops forming the development of the
child stops short. If. for instance, the
child had advanced to the age of seven
and then failed of its thyroid, it would
go through life as a seven-year-old child
as far as brain development is concerned.
There is an opposite condition brought
about when too much thyroid secretion is
deposited. We know it then as exophthal
mic goitre.
"A person with this malady is the oppo
site of the idiot— that Is, intensely active
and alert, supersensitive in all things,
the antithesis of dullness, as it were.
Kxophthalmic goitre can be cured by re
moving part of the thyroid gland from the
throat; cretinism can be cured, or rather
held in check by administering thyroid
extract to the idiot. Jf a child is taken
young and properly doctored with thyroid
extract it will go on developing Ju^t like
any normal child. But— and here is a
possibility for a novel writer- if the ad
ministering of the extract should be
stopped suddenly the youngster would re
lapse into its former idiotic state or at
any rate stop off where it was. Think of
:i curs.' of Idiocy hanging over one's head
constantly!"
'•'What causes the condition aside from
its physiological features?"
"Well, that is not exactly known. The
disease is endemic in many mountain dis
tricts, and is said to occur most frequent
ly In magnesium limestone formations
It is unknown in England, but very com
mOß in Franc.'. It is rare in Prussia.
Middle Europe h.as a lot of it in the
mountain districts. It is also found in the
remain latent unless self-activity brings them into play. Culture, like
religion, is propagated, Since tho propagators of culture are few, it is
no i wise to gather them in centers to which all who seek illumination may
repair. It Is idle to hope that we shall find genuine teachers tn many
places. Buch teachers are not many, and to have their proper Influence
they require the rixht environment. , ,
The progress America is making in university education, and this
means the education of wflinen, is one of the most real and potent tnflu
i nces In shaping our national character and destiny. The relative higher
Intelligence of the masses makes thorough mental discipline indispensable
in the few. Not only are the multitude more intelligent than thry have
ever been, but the best knowledge on .ill subjects is now within the reach
of many readers. In every community, in every audience, there are some
vho will not tolerate that the accredited public teu-hers should give evi
dence of Ignorance or or the lack bt the beet' training.
Beauty of feature and above all beauty of expression are heightened
In women by intellectual culture. The more women learn to live in the
sen ne air of delightful Study the longer they retain the freshness and
charm of youth. Ktftfcatlon is simply the process whereby the powers
W|llch constitute a hitman being are strengthened, developed and brought
Into action. If these endowments are good, education is good, and the
lest is best, whether for man or woman. What interests the one must
interest the other. Whot benefits the one must benefit the other. Women,
no lean than men. need ntxoqg and (.pen minds, the capacity to form defi
nite id. as and sound judgments, to deduce conclusions logically from
premises, to weigh evidence find to estimate the value of proofs. They,
more tl-an men. are too much dominated by the senses, and a better edu
cation, by enabling them to live more in the past and the future^ will tran
quillize their whole being.
What shall women learn? Whatever experience and the insight of tho
wisest have shown to have most efficacy in opening, strengthening and
supplying the mind. It is sufficient for those who cannot or will not take
up the work of intellectual culture in a serious spirit to have a superficial
acquaintance with the higher things In education, but it Is unfair to
women to place them in this class. The chosen ones to impart knowledge
are not found In one sex alone. Woman's average intelligence is not less
than that of man. If no one of her sex has been able to enter the small
circle of supreme achievement ft is due to the force of custom, habit,
opinion and law. and not to inferiority of mental endowment. If a few
women of exceptional gifts and attainments have seemed to lose some
the other he threw stones at the vicious
birds In the hopes of frightening them
away.
'"Here! Catch the egg and put it in .1
safe place!" Frank called out, at the
same time throwing his treasure to Fred,
who caught it and quickly hid it between
two large stones. - : :'^ ..■'.
Then the fight began. At sight of the
egg the two condors became furious.
They turned their attention to Fred, who
had all he could do to beat them off. even
for a few minutes. Twice they swooped
down on Frank and tore his clothes with
their murderous talons. lie was power
less and could only cling to the rocky
ledge and keep his- head out of sight as
much as possible. During these attacks
Fred kepi up a volley of stones and
struck the birds several times: One large
rock struck the mother bird square on
the beak, and for a moment seemed to
stun her. She fluttered in the air and
then dropped to a rock about fifty feet
below; followed by her mate.
This was ' Frank's* chance, and at the
risk of his life he made a jump from the
ledge to whore Fred was standing. By
the barest chance ho gained a foothold.
Once- he slipped, and would have gone to
the bottom bad not Frod quickly ran for
ward and grabbed him just as he was
Sliding ov«r the prooipico.-. T- .
Himalayas and in the Andes. But
curs in the flat countries, as for insl
on the island of Niederwerth, below Cob
lent*, where a large proportion of the in
habits are cretins."
"What: An island of idiots! How many
are there?"
"Well, the last time 1 beard there were
r.l cretins in a population of 750. It has
been suggested that tin- malady in Europe
might Tie due to ftie constaat use of snow
water, Snow, by the way, seems to be
curiously productive of trouble when
swallow. -d. Epidemic goitre attacked the
members of the crew of Captain
while on their famous voyage because
they drank water from a melted Iceberg,
anil now I see what the snow habit is
doing for a lot of Klondikers. But, to
return to our cretins. They really seem
to be caused by geologic or climatic con
ditions, for h has been knoifcm to dis
appear from a family after the removal
of the family from ; certain district.
Other families theretofore healthy had
cretin Children after they moved into that
district. Rather uncanny, isn't it, to
think that a man can bring Idiocy upon
his children merely by moving into an
other parish?"
By this time the n^tt case had been
brought in. It was a case where local
anesthesia v ' was necessary. The assist
ants rapidly prepared the parts for the
cocaine and applied it, while- the patient
gazed fearfully at the eager faces of the
medical students seated in rows above
him, as though he thought they would
jump down at him en masse.
Producing Somnambulism.
i"Have you had any peculiar experiences
with ;- anestheticised patients?" the sur
geon was asked.. \ ■:. ,-.-- ■ ■-'
'. "No, cannot say 1 have. Rome of them
talk. a"great deal "though and say funny
things, but we have- little time to give to
their twaddle.-.- I. suppose ih'v dream.. By
the way, that reminds me that some men
in the physiology department are working
to see if somnambulism cannot be made
to take the place of chloroform and ether
in some cases. You know, or don't you,
that somnambulism can be produced arti
ficially? Well, It can be, and most pro
found somnambulism at that. It is sup
posed that in the natural state it is pro
duced by the formation of a peculiar sub-,
stance which is derived from the starchy
thins of feminine virtue and refinement, it is dne to accidents of individual
character or th<? environment Into which they have been thmwu.
in the primary and secondary schools tnroughout Christendom girls
find boys are taught the same things, by the same methods, and with equal
success; hut the Inveterate prejudice which held woman to be mentally
as'wgll ;is physically Inferior to man has not yet altogether of everywhere
hem overcome when there is a question of the highest Intelfectuai culture.
The < Id sophisms have not wholly lost their persuasiveness, despite the
marvelous progress In education made by women, especially during the
latter iviif of toe present century.
It is still asserted that woman is incapable of serious mental training
and that the habits she forms in attempting to acquire the b,est education
make her discontented with her proper work. It Is said that these unfit
her to become wife and mother, take from in-r something of th.' sweetness,
purity and moral beauty Which constitute ber greatest charm, and on
which the welfare of the race so largely depends. A learned woman still
appears to some of us to be an abnormal being.
Tli» adversaries of the highest intellectual culture tor women -ither
do not understand what ."duration is or do not believe In its divine effl-
Cacjr. Education teaches us that the Indelible stain on the page of history
is the world's treatment of woman. It also reveals to us a splendor which
falls on our own country more than on any other— the position and the
opportunities this nation has given to woman in the present century.
Through the past igea man has been unjust to man, even cruel: but
woman seemed almost beyond the pale of humanity. She was a drudge, a
slave, a chattel. She whs to be bought and sold, a plaything in idle hours,
and for the rest to be immured In the two-fold darkness of ignorance and
ronfSning walls.
To discourage the higher education of women is to enfeeble the. race.
To destroy, the self-confidence of woman is to blunt her ambition, instead
of spurring it. Vet it has been held wise and by many is still thought
proper to take a fleprecatory tone whenever there is a question of conced
ing to women the opportunities of education and work which are given to
men. AYe should assume their capacity: we should have them to believe
that they are able, and then they will be able. We should applaud and
assist every effort made by women themselves to uplift, strengthen and
enlighten women. It is the privilege and the glory of the Knglish-speaking
people, with the noise of whose deeds the world is filled to-day, to have
been the first to understand woman's right to the highest education, and
to provide for her the opportunities.
"Is the egg a ll "flit"." 1 he called out
the Instant he was safe.
"Yes," answered Fred.
"All right; let the birds come."
And the birds did come. Like whirl
winds they swooped down on the two
men. The attack was* met with a series
of blows from the clubs. But in such a
position it was a difficult matter to strike
a telling blow at a moving object and but
little harm was done the condors. ■ J£"l
Again and again the vicious birds at
tacked with talons and bill and beat
fiercely with their wings. Both men were
scratched and torn and their clothes were
in ribbons. They were beginning to tire.
At this point Prank put all his strength
into a blow that caught the largest condor
square on lop of the head. This prac
tically knocked out the big condor, but
the other came on with redoubled fury.
She scratched and clawed and pecked,
but the two men were too much for her.
The steady shower of blows began to tell
and she flapped weakly for a few minutes
and then lamely flew off to console her
disabled mate, who was nursing his sore
head on a rock about ion feet away.
When Frank and Fred reached Santa
Barbara the condor's egg became tho
sight of the town. It weighed '."2 ounces
and measured 11% Inches in circumference
the long way. It is the only condor's egg
that.Jias been found in that part of the
country -for. mimiL,i-.ea.z£^-^+ ___:
|y and which has the effect
substance known as amy
.(i amylene is a colorless
liquid with a peculiar odor, and is ob
tained by distilling oil of potatoes or grain
with anhydrous phosphoric acid. Admin
istered in a proper waj i: induces som
nambulism of the mosi pronounce-t type.
To show what it will do, i me saj that
ii is o;i record that the late l>r. Snow of
England administered some of the drug
to a b->3 whose ankle was to l>e ampu-
During tl tion. which was
performed by Sir William Ferguson, the
boy lay back on the table, apparently un
>-n<-t\ and painless, for he tossed a
ball up to the ceiling and caught it accu
rately as it came down again and again.
Ah! here is that lockjaw case which I
wanted to examine."
Curing Lockjaw.
A man was brought in. He had lock
jaw. He lay rigid. Ht- nad the "sar
donic" grin, which is caused in most
cases of tetanus by the peculiar setting
of the jaws. The surgeon explained
his ease to ihe students. ll.' had fallen
and cut his knee on a muddy curbstone.
Nine days afterward the symptoms of
lockjaw were developed. The case was
Interesting, since it would afford an op
portunity for trying the antitoxin treat
ment. Popularly speaking, this amount
to giving the patient more brain.
That is. macerated animal brain prop
erly prepared would be injected through
his skull bypodermically. So a button
of bone was trepanned out of his skull,
and the serum which had been made
ready was Injected, of course the man
had been placed under an anesthetic,
which was Interesting because under the
influence of the drug some of the muscles
r<lax.(' their rigidity. The students par
ticularly watched this phenomenon in
tently. ' THEODORE \W\TEKS.
■ ♦ «
"My wife." said the tall lantern-jawed
man. "is as womanly a woman as you
could find, but she can hammer nails like
lightning."
"Wonderful!" sang the chorus.
"Lightning," th. tall, lantern-jawed man
continued, 'seldom strikes twice in the
same place."— Cincinnati EnQuirer.
. ♦ .
"May T call you mine?" be asked.
"You may call me a mine, if you please,
George." she replied, "but I doubt if
you'll ever strike any paying ore."—Phil
adelphia North American.26
p. , season i!i town grows shorter |
|[ each year. So many people have
country homos near the city now. j
who. with the coming of the j
ii .~pr:np weather, begin to long for j
a breath of the pure, .fresh air
that is to be found away from the dust :
and: the smoke of the city.
In consequence country homes are be
ing nirtd and dusted.
• • »
Mr. ■•- i Mr?. Timothy Hopkins have al- ;
ready returned to their homo In Menlo: j
Mr. and Mrs. Henry E. Bothin are occu- j
pylng their home in Ross Valley, and j
Mrs. Webster Jones has departed for a :
six months" stay in Santa Barbara-
Mrs. J"hn McMullin and Mrs. M< Mul- j
lln-Belvin will ieave to-morrow for Mrs. ,
McMullln's ranch, "Casa Blanco," in San j
Joacruin County. Mrs. William T. Wal
lace and Mrs. John Hays will spend the
months of June and July with them.
To-morrow will also. mark the departure i
of the Misses O'Connor for Coronado. j
where they have taken a cottage for six j
months, and of Mr. and Mrs. W. Mayo
Newhall for San Rafael.'
San Rafael promises to be a favorite
summer resort this year. Mrs. Kautz,
Mr. and Mrs. George c. Boardman and
Mr. and Mrs. Waiter E. Dean being I
um.-.nsr those who have planned to spend \
the summer there. Mr. and Mrs. Paul j
Jarboe will spend the month of June in]
San Rafael, and Mr. and Mrs. William i
Prentice Morgan and the Misses Morgan i
will so there for the months of July, Au- |
MARRIED FLIRTS.
By Ella Wheeier Wilcox.
Mrs. YCilcox-rDear Madam: I wish you would state in one of your
letters your opinion on the following:: Which man makes the most "dan
gerous flirt — the r>ne who as a youth was always fond of the society of
girls, or the one who preferred the company of his own sex'
IMUST confess this Is a difficult problem. *
There are so many kinds of men flirts.
The born "ladies' man" belongs to an old-time school. He is "good
looking'.' and agreeable. He usually sings, and if he has no voice he
learns enough of music to improvise accompaniments for women who
H^ is versed in small talk, and knows how to compliment a woman on
lie looks unutterable thines without saying them and he is careful
not to compromise himself.
H^ vies riot care much for the society of men. and men care less for him.
Virile, manly men invariably smile when his name is mentioned, and the
malicious speak of him irreverently. Women are always at hand, however,
to spring to his rescue and defend him with vigor.
lie inspires a great many small passions, and is the hero of weak, social
melodramas. Young girls grow sentimental over him. but he is a man to
be easiiy forgotten when other and more aggressive lovers appear upon
■
Everybody calls him a flirt, but he does no real harm, and he enjoys life
like a male butterfly. His deepest love is only a warm friendship for the
•
The man who despises women in his secret heart and who acts the
lover to them only to prove to himself and to observers how weak and im
moral the sex is makes a far more dangerous flirt. He is usually a man
among men. "a good fellow" with his own sex, generous and open-handed,
Shrewd in business matters and interested In sports. Women are his diver
sion, and he regards them as a pack of cards, to be shuffled and dealt as
hf chooses. He breaks the hearts of innocent girls, betrays the weak, mis
leads silly wives, and laughs at them all. He marries a simple and rather
Btupii sriii '.ate in life and lives happily forever after.
Tho man who has been deceived by the girl he trusted and becomes a
flirt put of revenge is another type. He goes about Jike a roaring lion seeking
whom he may destroy. But ho has a heart full of pent-up affection, and
before he knows it Fume shrewd woman has caught him upon the rebound
and she teaches him that his belief in woman was not lost — it was only ob
sci:r-:d. And he spends the rest of his life in worshiping the woman who
has restored his faith and in regretting the harm he did between his first
and last dream of love.
[There is still another sort of flirt, who has a weakness for becoming en
gaged to several girls at one time. He is found in country towns and is al
ways in hot water. He means no harm, but he finds it impossible to resist
proposing to a girl who smiles and encourages him.
There is. too. the disdainful man, who never seems to more than tolerate
women, yet who Is always surrounded by adoring fair ones of all ages, who
are fascinated by his disdain. They are the spaniel-natured women, who
folio '.v the master who kicks them.
I have a dozen or more letters written by unhappy wives who ask my
advice.
One woman says her husband earns 58 a day and gives her $1 grudg
ingly. With this $6 a week he expects her to pay rent and to feed and
clothe three people. He is cross, unsympathetic and quarrelsome. She says
her life is miserable and asks me how she can get a divorce.
lam not a lawyer nor a divorce agent. She must find out elsewhere •
Of course a man should give his wife a reasonable sum of money with
which to provide a home, and if she has no system in her management he
should teach her, as he would teach a clerk or office boy. Having married
a wife he should use every effort to make her a helpmeet.
Another wife says her husband finds fault with her cooking and
praises other women who are less skilled than she; and so the complaints
pour in, potty and great, written by all sorts of women from the intel
lectual and cultured to the woefully ignorant.
Often in public conveyances I look at "the faces I see and wonder if they
belong to my .... /,..;■,=
I see women almost every day who I know would drive me to drink or
madness were I a man and obliged to associate with them.
Women who hang upon a car strap and look injured while there are
three empty seats behind them; women who spread themselves over two
seats and ignore the fact that other women or tired men are standing- women
who try to attract attention in public places; women who toss much-be
plumed hats and drag filthy skirts over horrible pavements- women who
crowd each other at shopping counters, and slam doors in each other's faces
These are all of them women who would make thoughtless and stunid
wives, and most inefficient mothers, and who would aggravate a man beyond
description, and never be able to understand why he was aggravated.
I wish all these unhappy wives who have written me would analyze their
own conduct and see if they have been guilty of any or all of these dv
agreeable ways.
They may have been the means of the first disillusionment. Even an
ignorant and selfish man is impressed by tact and thoughtfulness and consid
eration for others in a woman. He is' sometimes reformed and refined by
p.ssociation with such a woman. . * ~
I have seen a very disagreeable and fault-finding man become a good
natured and companionable husband by the example of a human sunbeam
who laughed at troupe, -and whose gentle, unselfish life was better than any
sermon ever preached in its influence for good.
A wife is a great power, and she can mold and shape the average man
into the sort of a husband she wishes, If she begins ! soon enough, and has
enough patience ant" tact.— Ella Wheeler Wllcox in New York Evening
World. ■.:-/;;'-v.v . .,;..;;,.-;.--■
SOCIETY
Bind a part of September. Frank;
in, who is ex I m his
European trip in Jun< livan
will spend t P >.rk."
Cruz. Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels,
Mrs. > v ,v. Mrs. AJvord,
Mrs. b •■• ■ ■ will
t Montei ■ .!■: •.
■ - ■ •■■ugh
will p i '!:\\:i f ■ '•■ summei
Mrs. William Robinson W I Mrs.
m will be th<
Ith, Mr. and Mrs. Austin
Mrs. R. P. Schwerln
will
Mr. and
Mrs. Robert <iv house
~^ Valley. Mr. and Mrs. Jose] I B
doc Tobin upon their return tnTn the
pouth will - ■
: Mrs. William Kohl and
Mr. anil Mrs Frederick Kohl will -
the summer a: Mrs. Kohl -
t S v : . cxl ■■ »ive additions ha
made to the house.
• • •
Tuesday of thr> present week the
m>mi.-r? of th< - ''lub will .
a luncheon complimentary to th- ir |
Mrs. F. G. S
Mrs. Wall r E !■• m h i
- en at the
■ I by
sday Mrs. H M A M • o I
■
Twi > of the most .
■
M.
Newhall and Mrs. KSv.r. \\ •.:■■ ?<•
wer< The bandsorai Newhall
THE 6AN FRANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
on the corner of Van Ness avenue
Bu • ■ was beautifully decorat
, e<t with spring's choicest blossoms and
.i fashionable company thronged the
ro< ms b< rw. en th< hi I ana 6.
The other tea was given by Mrs. Hor
. ace Hill at her home on the corner ol
Saci nd Laguna si et«
Mrs. Ga ■ ■'• of the I
■A. Garl Id md her friend and traveling
anlon. Mrs. Rudolph, were the ;
guests of hoi or. Those wh ■ assisted Mrs.
' Hill in receiving were: Mrs. Roberi I
Kautz, Mrs. Miller. Mrs. H
King. Mrs. Norrls, Mrs. Eleanor M.
Mi - Nordhoff, Miss Mamie Hurling.
: Miss Ella Morgan, Miss Sophii Gtwii
Miss Bailie Maynard.
Mrs. William Kohl gave a larfre
party nn Thursday at her home on Wash
ington and Gough streets The first
prizes were very handsome, consisting of
silv< r bonbon dishes, a silver ring l>o\-.
a Dresden cup ami saucer, a Oi"esden vase
Mrs. William Whittief and Miss Gertrude Carroll in Fancy Dress Costume,
Photo by Taber.
an* a French gilt empire picture-frame.
These were won respectively by Mrs.
Timothy Hopkins. Mrs. William P. Har
rington. Mrs. Robert Nuttall, Miss Jen
nie Blair, Mrs. William Prentice .Morgan
and Miss McNeil.
• • •
Mrs. Ira Pierce and Mrs. Cyrus Walker
pave a charming card party on' Satur
day, April 22. and last Wednesday even-
Ing Mrs. Harold Bewail gave a progres
sive euchre party at her mother's resi
dence on Sacramento street, and delight
fully entertained about forty of her
friends.
• » *
The Misses Florence and Jean Hush
gave a large card party last Tuesday at
their home, "Etnemere," in Fruitvale.
Those who assisted in receiving were:
Mrs. William A. May. • . Mrs. Thomas
Mage< Jr.. Mrs. Egelby, Mrs. Rossiter.
Mrs. Irving Lundborg, Miss Pauline
Fare. Miss Marietta Havens. Miss Jane
- Rawlings. Miss Carmen Moore, Miss
Grace Baldwin. Miss May Penman and
Miss Grace Gorrill.
Mrs. Henry Wetherbee gave a lunch
eon at her residence in Fruit vale on Sat
urday, April 22, complimentary to several
officers of the battleship lowa and to
Mrs. Eddy of Washington. D. C, and
Mrs. Mary Reed and Mrs. Hobart, of
Chico.
• • *
Brigadier General Evan Miles, U. S. A.,
arrived in this city early in the week
from Washington, D. C. and with Mrs.
Miles is staying at 1433 California street.
Edward M. Greenway left Salt Lake
i City. Utah, last Tuesday for New York.
He will return to this city about May 15,
and will pass the summer in San Rafael.
George Crocker left yesterday in his
private car for the East. He will return
shortly, accompanied by Mrs. Crocker and
the Misses Rutherford.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry E. Hall have re
turned to this city, after an absence of
several months in the Eastern States.
H. M. A. Miller has returned from Cen-
u/here
ft Will '
Spend
Summer,
uuuuwwooooooooooo
tral America, after an absence of a couple
of months.
Miss Florence Breckinridge, who sailed
for Europe last week to visit her mother
Mrs. Frederick Sharon, in Paris expects
to return early in the autumn.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold SewaH expect to
return to the Sandwich Islands early in
May.
•■ • •
Mr. and Mrs. B. Chandler Howard and
their two little daughters sailed on the
Coptic last Thursday for their home in
Yokohama.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard W* here
for the South on the 20t h inst. to attend
the wfdriing of Mr. Oxnard's brother,
Benjamin Oxnara. and ftfise <;iffin of New
Orleans, which took place last Thursday
Mr. and Mrs. Ovnarci have cor.c on to
' New York to await the arrival from
Europe of Mrs. Oxnard'a father. James
j B. Stetson, who, with his son. will arrive
in New York May 27. The party will re
turn to San Francisco the first week in
June.
Mrs. "William Burling and Miss Mamie
Burling will be located at 2020 Buchanan
street after May 1.
Peter Martin and "Walter Martin have
taken the Paul Jarijoe huuse in San Ma
teo for four months.
» • •
Mr. .-iii.'. Mr*. Will am A. ±>oston an
nounce the enga^' ment of their daughter,
Miss Florence Boston, to henry A. "Whit
ley.
Charles S. Gloeker. assisted by Mr.
Bond, editor of the Sunsei Breese, and
Mme. Renfro ■>:" the Boston Conservatory
! i>f Music, will entertain the residents of
Sunset district on Monday. Laj I
Mandolinata dub. Professor Louis
Merki and pupils, will give their annual
crt .itn! t.al! at Union-square Hall,
Wednesday ■ ventng, Ma 24. A BpeciaJ at
traction will be a confetti battle
i he Alpha Epsilon fraternity, composed
of members of the graduating class of the
Clement Grammar school will give an out-
Ing to Trestle Glen on May "•
Mission Parlor, No. 38, N\ S. O. w.. will
give an entertainment next Friday even
ing at Mission Parlor Hall. Seventeenth
street, near Valencia, for the benefit of
the 1900 Celebration fund.
Miss Alice R Fobs i popular young
lady of the Mission, was inarr!ed to
Charles E. Johnson of Stockton. April 21.
The couple left the same day for an ex
tended trip through the north and will
be gone for an indefinite period.
Miss Nellii Pickle, only daughter of Mr.
and Mrs A. A. Dickie, -vas united in mar
to Dr. Samuel G. Hransford of Cala
veras County at the residence of the
bride's parents near Suisun on Wednes
day. April 2". Rev. G. H. Merrill of Sui- ,
sun performed the ceremony. The bride I
born in the house in Wuich she was j
married. The groom is a rising young j
practiUoner of Cilaveras County, and at i
■ r.t holds a lucrative position as phy
sician for one of the mining corporations
located at Hodson. The happy couple
I took the afternoon train for San Francis
co, whence they will go to their
! home in Calaveras County. Those present
• at the wedding were: Mr. and Mrs. A. A.
Dickie. Mr. and .Mrs. F. B. Chandler, Mr.
! and Mrs. L. T. Brock. Mr. and Mrs. G. L.
Barnes, Mr. and Mr?. 11. T>. Chandler, Mr.
and Mrs. E. 1.. Stewart, Mr. and Mrs. B.
F. Barnes. Mrs. Bransford, Mrs. .1. Bam
ford. Mrs. X. A. Brock. Miss Ethel Kirk.
! ■ Misses Maud and Anna Barnes, Miss
Ida Hesser. Miss Irene Allison, Miss Shel
by Brock. Miss Xita Stewart. Rev. (i. H.
Merrill, Herman Allison. Fred and Waiter
Chandler. Milfnrd Bransford, Thomas
and Frank Brock. Maurice. Clay and Ross
Burner, Frank, Brock, Leo and Bert
Dickie.
The wedding of Miss Ella McMahnn and
Henry J. Luchmann took place last Tues
day evening- in the "Id Mission Church.
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
J. MrMahon of 127 Diamond street. The
groom is one of the Mission's most suc
cessful and well-known business men.
Rev. Father J. Conway performed the
ceremony. Miss M. Morely was maid of
honor and J. Meagher acted as best man.
The first reception of the De Koven
Ciub was given at Mission Opera Hall
or. Thursday evening. The hall was a
mass of palm*. The next party of
the club will be held at Mission Opera
Hall Thursday evening, May 25.
The following Caltfomians sailed per
Hamburg-American finer Pennsylvania
from New York on the juth inst. for Lon
don; Paris and Hamburg: Mr. Pierson.
Miss C. Pierson. MHs Leoni Tierson, Ed-
Ward Pierßoh, Mrs. yon Hellerman, Mrs.
B. Friedman. \V. Hilge, Mips Annie Witt
and Gustav Meyer.
MisH Blanche All j nb e rg and Miss Celia
Stern have gone to Banta Cruz for a
short stay.
Mrs. Morris Abrahams and daughter.
Miss Kilsey. are at tho Wenban and will
receive the first and third Thursdays of
the month.
Miss Mary Manning and Miss Mazie
Kennedy have gone to ipend a short va
cation at Mare Island.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin and Peter Martin
entertained at dinner on Monday evening
at their residence on Broadway in honor
of. Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Kohl. The
rooms on the main floor contained a
wealth of beautiful roses, pink and White
carnations and palms. The table was
adorned With delicate Cecil Bruner i
and maiden hair fern.
Mrs. Martin wore a very elegant din
■ £own 61 silver gray satin, ovei
front of which was a fah of Chantltty
lace. The bodice was finished with a vest j
of white satin and revers; thf- latter
orated with :in edging of hand-made- lace.
Those at the tabli» were: Mrs. Eleanor
Martin. Mr. and Mrs. Kohl. Miss McKln
sirv. Mrs. Harold M. Bewail, Miss Clem
ent. Miss Jolllffe, Miss Bchneejy,
Kohl. Mrs. Cunningham, Mrs. Fechtlr-r. j
wife ol Col ■■ tier, U. S. A.; Walter 1
Martin. Baron yon Schfoeder, Baron i
A!>-x yon Schrofder, George Crocker,,
Rathbone, J. Downey Harvf-y,
M - Noble. I. S. A. Walter Hoharf.
Prinze A. Poniatewski and Peter Mar
tin.
•'-". ■ . * V,' -«
A farewell dance was jgivc-n last evpn
ioe- by Lelund S. Ramsoell at the Occl-
' dental Hotel to the junior officers of the
United States battleship lowa. ■he young
oflicers in whose honor the affair was
given will return to the Naval Academy
at Annapolis to-morrow.
A wedding of note that took place on
Wednesday was that of David H. Mc-
Laughlln and Miss Emye Hahenicht.
daughter." of Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Habe
! nlcht. Rev. Dr. Tlest of Oakland offl
. elated. The ceremony was performed in
1 the reception room of the Century Club,
; which was bright with wreaths of pink
hawthorne and rare roses. In the assem
bly room, whore the wedding supper was
served, were eschscholtxias and wi
in profusion. The maid of honor was Miss
Lulu Habenichi and the bridesmaids
W( re Miss Eva Harold and Miss Emma
Eaton. «'. B. 81oane was the groom's best
j man.
1 The bridal gown was of white dvi
I satin. The BWe< ping train was trii
■ I m by a h( .■: > v | ;;. h
! white point d'esprit, edged -.vith white
cord. The corsage was a combination of
' r.' t and satin and the sleeves and yoke
were wrought of the point d'esprit, The
bodice was finished with a s;.u-k and belt
iof white satin. The veil was held in place
with a spray of orange blossoms and the
bridal bouquet was of white iris and lilies
The maid of honor wore white organdie
j over white taffeta, and the bridesmaids
were in pink organdie over pink taffeta
Mr, and Mrs McLaaghlin, after a
j honeymoon trip south, will return and
: spend the summer across the bay.
L.int Wednesday evening in Alam.-da
| Miss Alice »;n>l>"!is. daughter of Mr. ami
Mrs. Robinson OfbbonS, was united in
marriage with Pram is Harnum (graves
the assistant librarian in the Meek
;y of this city. Rev. T. J. Lacy
■rmed the ceremony in Christ's
Church. Miss Mary M. Hoyt of San Fran
was maid of honor and Miss Ella
i Graves, sistor of the groom, and Miss
! Mamie Gibbons were bridesmaid?. Th->
•n was attended by Robert Colquhoun
i as best man and William Richardson ar.d
i O. vrge Innes acted as ushers.
A very pretty out-of-town wedding was
that of Miss katherirv- Cunningham and
Frank S. Boggs, son of the Into Senator
John Boggs, which took place in Stock
ton last Wednesday noon at the beautiful
borne of the bride's father, ex-Sheriff
Cunningham. The bride is one of the
prettiest and most popular girls in Stock
ton. Owing to the recent death of th"
grcom'a father "the wedding was ;t very
quiet one, only relatives and intimate
friends being- present. The brid<
handsomely gowned in white satin, with
veil' and orange blossoms, and car
ried a bouquet of bride roses. Miss Mar
garet Cunningham attended her si--
maid Of bonor and looked exc-edingly
pretty in pink nvusseline de sole. Miss
Alice Hog*.-, sister of the groom, being in j
mourning, wore a severely plain costume
of white wool. The house was beautifully |
decorated, daylight being excluded and j
the we •!►■ lower Boor had the appearance i
of an exquisite rose garden. The service
was read by Rev. Dr. "Evans of the Metho- j
dist church \ beneath a bower of La ;
France roses, hawthorne and orange ;
blossoms. j
After the wedding breakfast Mr. and (
Mrs. Boggs left on an afternoon train for
the south. When they return they will
take possession of a new home at 123 East
Magnolia street.
♦ * •
Colonel Henry Fisher, wife and daugh- ,
ters, have arrived from Honolulu and will
spend some ♦weeks with Colonel Fishers
parents at 2628 I !allf irnia stn i t. I
Mr?. Frances P. Bfitton and little
daughters, who have been spending three
months In the city, the guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Hartzoll. have returned to their
home in New York city.
Dr. and Mrs. D. A. Hodghead have re
turned from L>e! M'«nte and are stopping
at the Hotel St. Nicholas.
Mrs. James Otis Sr. has been confined to I
her apartments for a couple of weeks, the j
result "f a painful accident. While on her i
way home from church a few weeks ago
her foot slipped on the pavement, causing !
a fracture near the ankle joint.
A. J. Lachman of San Francisco, who ;
left here after the close of the war, is ex- !
pected home in about a week. Since leav- ;
ing here he has visited Cuba, making Ha- !
vana his headquarters. He also spent \
some time at Key West.
• * •
Mr. and Mrs. Thompson (nee Kales) j
have returned from an extended trip to j
the Eastern States and ar*> located for the
summer in their beautiful home at Oak
dale.
Harry Willier and Frank Bewail have
taken tho Charles Crocker cottage at Bel
v 1- re for a year.
Charles Crocker will leave here June 1
to make a trip around the world.
Mrs. J. Downey Harvey and Miss Em
eer are visiting Mr. and Mrs. Hor
ace Blanchard Chase at their ranch in
Napa County.
Mrs. G. L. Bradley and Miss Palache
spent last week at tl >me in
Ban Jose, where they wf n- joined thr- lat
ter part of the week by Mrs. Rylnnd Wai- j
■ 1 her son.
Mrs. Joseph S. Tobin. Miss Katherine
Clement ana Miss Genevleve Goad are the
guests of Walter Martin at Palm Bpi
where Mr. Martin's brother. Andrew Mar
tin has been stopping on account of ill
healt>* ■""• rrw **- < - »-■* tJ-'-r Martin will
! join the party next Friday, and they will
then make a trip through" Southern Cali
fornia, expecting to be gone about four
weeks.
! Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Case Bull left New
| York : la^r Friday and will spend the
month of May with Mrs - Bull mother.
Mrs. Jarboe. at her home. "Concha Del
mar. In Santa Cruz. Mr. and Mrs. Paul
: Jarboe will join them there
• • *
Mr. and Mrs. William G. Irwin will
leave here next Wednesday for Honolulu
where they will spend " the summer
months. They will turn and occupy the
Blair residence next winter
. Mrs. .M. E. Cirteton, who is now in Du
buque. lowa, visiting relatives, will return
to Indian in about a fortnight, after
; a brief stay in Chicago. She expects to
return to San Francisco next winter. .
♦ •
Mr. and Mrs. Marcus Ososke announce
I the engagement of their daughter. Miss
I Martha Ososke, to Paul Goldstein
1 , The engagement of Miss Wanda Gal
. land and Jack Mincowski, the com
poser, is announced.
The marriage of Miss Fannie Guttman
and Louis Van Vliet will be quietly cele
brated to-day at the residence of \i r and
Mrs. H. Joseph, 1839 Bush street
On Saturday. May 6, th-? congregation
i of St. Dominic's Church will give .i pic
nic at Mirabel Park, near Santa li .- (
--| Extensile preparations have been made
and a good time is assured.
Sherwood Circle No. 129, C. o. F will
■ .give a. May social Thursday evening* May
'4, at Foresters' Hall. 102 O'Farrell street
: A very simple but pretty wedding was
that of Charles Leslie Hewes and Miss
; Emilie S. Cook, which took place in
Reno at the residence <" Mrs. P. .1 Gil
man on April 17. the bride's birthday Th*
housp was prettily decorated for the oc
casion. Albert Ward was heal man and
his sister. Miss Louise Ward, was brHes
maid. The bride was married in a hand
j some traveling gown, and carried a mag
; nificent bunch of American Beauti« \>.
I ter the wedding breakfast the nappy
couple left on their wedding trip. Mr. and
■ Mr« Hewes will reside at 522 Ellis street,
I and will be at home Mondays in May.
A pretty wedding took place at at.
James Church last Wednesday evening,
the contracting parties bring William J.
Corcoran, of the firm of Corcoran & Co.,
and Miss Luciel Nelson. The bride was
attired in a handsome gown of gray, vrfth
hat to match, and carried American
Beauty roses. The maid of honor was
Miss Mao Connell. Thomas Corcoran,
brother of the groom, was best man Mr.
and Mrs. Corcoran have gone to Santa
Cruz on their honeymoon.
A surprise banquet was tendered to
Miss Alice Gould at her residence. 3450
Nineteenth street, on the l>th inst by the
Alohas. Those present were: Miss Alice
Gould. Miss Flo Floyd, Miss Laura Neil,
Miss Maud Merton, Miss Rose Hlckey,
Miss Ethel Manuel. Miss Lucy Duncan.
Miss Lela Graff, Miss Etla Beattie. Miss
Alice Adamson, Mrs. Gould, Joe Klarnet,
Fay Adamson, George Dowden, Percy
Tucker, Harry Murphy, Frank Morrison,
Jordan Zan. Frank Ktdian. Wallace
Gould, Will Brown, Mr. Gould and Luke
Avers. .
A reception was tendered his Excel
lency Governor Gage at Sacramento on
Saturday evening. April 22. at the Golden
Eagle Hotel by Mr. and Mrs. John Ton
ningsen, assisted by the members of the
Drill Corps and ladies. The delightful
event occurred after tne Templar drill
in the Pavilion and was largely attended.
A very pleasant birthday party was
given recently to Miss Kunigunda Km,
at her horn 2138 Howard street.^ Among
those present were: Miss Kunig
Krug, Miss Annie Remensperger. Miss Ida
White, Miss Julia Hartwick. Miss Eda
Wihdeler, Miss Katie hens. Miss Liz
zie Lech< i.-. Miss Emily Wlckersheimer,
Miss Little Wickers=h»imer. Miss Pauline
Lutz, Miss Rosie Lutz, Miss Anita Brune,
Miss Pauline Brune, Miss Annie Riddel,
Miss Lizzie Riedel, Miss Rosie Keiffer,
Miss Carrie Schraft, George Zimmer
mann, Rudy Zimmermann, Rudolph
Maier. Gustav Maier, Fritz Lutz Robert
Hartwick. Frank Hartwick, Joe Keiffer,
Frank. Keiffer, Ulrich Remensperger, Mr.
and Mrs. F. Mann. Mrs. F. Krug, Mrs.
B. Hulse, Mrs. Reitel, Mrs. K. Lechens,
Mrs. W. Schraft, Mrs. G. Wkkershelmer
and Mrs. P. Zimmermann.
Mrs H. P. Roach entertained the mem
bers of the 8:15 Whist Club at her resi
dence, 865 Eighteentn street, Oakland, on
Tuesday evening, April IS. The first
prizes wore won by Mrs. J. McKJnley and
H. P. Roach and the consolation favors
by Mrs. Davis and J. K. Plrie.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bankhead enter
tained at their residence, 812 West street,
last Friday evening in hoi of the eight
eenth birthday of their daughter, Miss
Myrtle Bankhead. The evening was
pleasantly spent in games, singing and
dancing. Miss Bankhead was the recip
ient of many beautiful gifts.
Mr and Mrs. B. J. Allen gave their
daughter. Miss Kittie Allen, a very pleas
ant party at their residence. 412 Scott
street, Saturday evening. April 22. The
house was prettily decorated and the
evening was passed in dancing, games
and music. Those present were: Miss
Rosamond Meherin, Miss Maria Kugel
berg. Miss Maude Cornish. Miss Kittie G.
Allen, the Misses Annie and May Cnrbett.
Miss Alice Kane. Miss Alma Holm, the
Misses Lizzie and May Fitzsimmons, Miss
Agness Wetmore. Miss Irene Hughes,
Miss Mamie Corcoran, Mr. and Mrs. Jo
seph W. Sals, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel J.
Allen, James McGuire. William A. Breen,
Howard Dumont, William Jacobs, J. Bay
ard Whlttimore. Harvey Harris. P. Me
herin, Alfred Nowlan, Cnarles Deady and
Edward Kugelberg.
An enjoyable surprise party was given
to Miss Viola E. Levy by Miss Clara
Kallmann and Miss Louise Levy Friday
evening, April 21. at the residence of her
parents, Ml Octavia street. Recitations,
dancing, music and games were indulged
in until midnight. The rooms were very
beautifully decorated with ferns and
flowers.
On Friday evening, the 21st inst.. the
Our Night Out Club gave their closing
party of the winter season in the upper
parlors of Golden Gate Hall. One of the
parlors was arranged as a cardroom. and
j the ballroom adjoining was filled with
merry dancers. Between the dances a
musical programme was rendered by Miss
Mar) Sehurra, W. H. Thompson, J.
Frederick Veaco and G. S. Stenhouse. W.
, H. Thompson, on behalf of the members
of the. club, presented the president. Gar
j ncr S. Stenhouse, and the secretary and
treasurer. Miss Edith Clements; with
; mementoes in appreciation of their ser
| vices during the season. Among the
I members and guests present were: Miss
I Edith Clements, Miss May Wiseman. Miss
i Bell Chadwiek. the Misses Alice E. and
i Edith G. Ellery. Miss Lulie Duß. Brad
i ley, Miss Ethel Linforth. Miss Marie
S. "hurra. Hiss Elizabeth Kent, Miss Alice
Brooks, Miss Helen Wiggin. Miss Alice
Brown, Miss Rose Roslin, Miss Laura.
Fenton. Miss Freer. Miss Steinhauer.'
Miss Maddock. the Misses Williams, the
Mi??' Miller, Miss Searles. Miss G. N'ais
bitt. Miss Mat tick, Miss Edith Stadfeldt.
Miss Lindley. Mis? Florence Pinniger.
Miss Sabin, Miss -Geneva Wiseman. Miss
Ida Biroth. Miss Blossom, Mrs. Gilbert
Clement?. Mr?, Isabel Sewell. Mr. and
Mrs. Will Clements. Mrs. J. B. Cowden,
Mrs. Phelps, Mr. and Mrs. William Paul.
Mr. and Mrs. Will Claw son, Mrs. Mcl Yin
Cummlngs. Mrs. Wiggin. Dr. and Mrs.
Anthony. Mr. and .'!■ Buyno. Mrs. F. J.
i Stenhouse, Mrs. Wiseman. Mr. and Mrs.
IJ. Frederick Veaco. Captain and Mrs.
Morehouse. Mrs. Fannie Tanzi. Sydney
Clements, Garner S. Stenhouse. Ihomas
E. Kent, R. Boyd Howe. Joseph Hayes,
Clarence M. Post. M. Earl Cummings,
William H. Thompson. A. Wentworth
Tapson. R. H. Marchant Jr.. Joseph Val
entine, Mr. Bteinhauer, Mr. Hanton. Mr.
i Gyddi, F. Schurra. Frank Bray, Dave
R"sHn. A. Kingsbury, Mr. Evers, I. Sten
! house Jr.. William Rosenstock. Professor
W. W. Anderson. Steve Doyle, Charles
Durham. Fred Merrill, .1. F. Cunningham.
Mr. O'Brien. Mr. Elliott. Mr Clawson.
Mr. Armstrong. Fred Cone. Elmer Comp
! ton. John Van Winckle, Mr. Gedney, Mr.
I Wyman. Mr. Baker and others.
Mr. and Mr?. Herman Poetsch of 324
Twenty-seventh street were the recipients
of a very pleasant surprise party on Sat
! urday evening. April 22. in honor of their
I twelfth wedding anniversary.
■ Following is the list of arrivals at Hotel
Ide Paso Robles for the week: Miss M. D.
: Kellogg. Mrs. X. Ohlandt and daughter.
J. Denning. Mrs. H. H. Johnston, Charles
; Holbrook. Miss Olive M. Holbrook, R. M.
Coetello, Joseph V. Costello, Dr. A. L.
j Fulton, M. Xunan. wife and daughter, F.
W. Schell, C. W. Towsley, Mrs. P. Harti
gen, Mrs. K. Gately. Miss M. Foley. Will
iam Sulley and wife, Mrs. C. T. Ryland,
Charles B. Ryland, Charles Elsev," Mrs.
A. A. Smith, E. Hoffman. Mrs." R. M.
Hunt. D. H. Roberts. T. T. Williams. A.
C. Hinkson. Max Schwabacher, A. Mont
gomery and wife. Mrs. A. M. Scott' Mrs.
Ferguson. Mrs. Frank Mofntt. Mrs. J. A.
| Folger. Mrs. Cook and 1,. M. KeHogg.
The following guests have registered at
the Hotel Belvedere: W. J. Doxey and
wife. V. Kenyon and family. Albert' Mey
er. Arthur Donnell, W. 0 Wayman and
wife. J. A. Ritchie. H. F. Richardson. L.
P. Moore. S. J. Moore. Miss P. A. Moore.
; Mrs. Char] Tay. Miss Rose Livingston.
Miss Grace H. Bailey. Miss Elsn V. Max-
I well. L. D. Stone. Miss Heeht. E. F. Em
! mons, Andrew Jackson Thorne. Walter
Scott Copt. John Hancock Siebe. J.
i Dwyer. W. H. Gossip. Miss Mary Sullivan.
! Miss Tessie Sullivan. Miss Mary C.
Toepke. Stafford Parker and wife. Miss
Sutherland. Mis A. E. Sutherland, of San
Francisco: Ralph W. Webster, Leo Meyer,
London: Chester S. Myrick. Robert" B.
Blair. Charles Stewart. Oakland: W. E.
Osborn, New York; D. A. Jones, Big Oak
1 Flat.
Arrivals at Highland Springs during the
', week were: O. B. Hosmer. William Wolff.
, Carl Wolff. E. C. Horst. wife and family,
Mrs. W. B. C. Brown. H. M. Ames Jr..
Mrs C. J. Jones. F. W. McSellar. C. W.
Broback. J. J. Collins, W. H. Cameron.
San Francisco; W. B. Holland. Eli Heu
derson. Fresno: Hugh Cox. Mrs. RosaMo-
Neill. Mrs. M. Crane. B. Bucknell. l-kiah.
Recent arrivals at Duncan Springs.
Mendocino County, were: John 1_ Tru
slow. T. H. Blair. John Sroufe, Mrs. Tif
• fans and daughter M. Redmond. S. R
Blake. Benjamin Edson. F. W. Longee. I.
'■ I. Lane. J. King. E. F. Owens. W. 11.
Bone, H. C. Boyd. J. Oliver. Mr. and Mrs.
c. J. Parsons. San Francisco; F. F. Moul
ton. Redwood City; Miss Jemima Wilson.
Charles Roller. Talma cc. and Mr. and
Mrs. R. Thornton, Healdsburs.
Arrivals at Par&iso Springs tor the week
were: L. R. Ellort. J. Laokmann. D
, Quinn. Miss E. M. Boyd. H. Bray an>l
wife. San Francisco: F. F. Thomas and
■ wife. California; S. Harris. Alameda: P.
Hans,-!. E. Jensen. Salinas: T. J. Ham
mer. Los Angeles; T. J. Field, F. P. Car
i michnel. Monterey; Fritz Welse and wife.
Ban Francisco; R. M. Ferrer, Gonzales:
Don Carlos Romle. Tomales. Cal.; Miss
D. Sheppard, F. W. Ely. J. H. Vander
woort. Mrs L. Devanj . E. A. Kober. San
Francisco, and J. E. Teagui Salinas.
Mrs. Adolph Harris, accompanied by her
sons. Mervyn and Arthur, will leave
j Thursday for a trip to New Mexico. They
expect to be gone several months.
Mrs. H. Asher and daughter. Miss Meta
Asher. who have returned from a four
years' visit In Europe, are located at 1315
Gough street, where they will be pleased
to receive their friends.
Carroll Thrasher and Arthur Brennan
j are enjoying their holidays fishing and
hunting In the Santa Cruz Mountains..
Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Merzbach have de
parted upon a European trip and will be
gone six months.
Michael S. Alexander left recently for a
four weeks' trip to Southern California.
Mrs. Barbara H. Pau?on has gone to
Highland Springs for a short stay.ERE long the bench, the band; the
1 - :•!>•.•! kiTs— and bathing Bults For
whether you swim" or no is not
the question. You must have a
i/T"- bathing suit whether you dip in
the .surf or merely listen to the
breakers' roar. It must be a bathing suit
";ts is" n bathing suit.
It may take some endurance to swim,
bur It t:ik -s more to select a. bathing suit.
i- There are all sorts ar.d kinds, of every
' conceivable material and of every shn.de
from bilious orange to sickly green. But
y<ui must wade through thr-m all until
you find one that comes up to the revised
standard.
For, be it known that the nevr bathing
suit In nowise resembles those that for
merly were guaranteed to make the heart
go pit-a-pat.
The new lathing suit hns no . nil ages
Thru spoil the outlines of the figure.
Sailor collars, revers, lapels, epaulets —
these are all tabooed. The bath! suit of
last year, with its vest and bit collar, is
r.'p more. When the girls ran down the
beach last summer their flapping white
collars made them look like a flock of
seagulls. This year they will look like a
band <if sea nymphs. •• - -•'
For the new bathing suit has been built
to suit the fashionable figure. The fash
ionable figure Is slender, but nut lanky.
The fashionable figure has a small waist,
but the hips must likewise not be large,
for the nval-l«as;-tied-in-tfi€-mifldle' figure
nor the hour-glass figure are comrne il
faut: The fashionable bathing suit Is
built along the lines of the fashionable
ilgure.
Therefore it has the "Zaza" belt, which
gives the "Zaza" curve at the waist line.
The "Zaza" belt; worn by Mrs. Leslie
• ■■.rtiT in the play of that name, is really
•( >p^nsil>le for the new figure. It is a
belt very high in the back and drawn
\ cry low and to a jw>int at the waist line
. in front. It. is a belt impossible with large
* hips. So on with the belt and off with the
hips has been the cry of lovely woman tor
the past few months.
The new bathing suit not only has the
"X.;iZii" belt but many of them have the
t'Zaza" coliar as well: a high collar with
triangular points i turned down over the
.■lee that makes the. well poised head look
like a flower rising out of its calyx.
The sleeves of the new bathing suits are
small; ;;n<l the skirts are close-fitting over
the hips, with a becoming fullness at the
kliee.
Light colors combined with white are
more popular than th>- usual blue and
black with (olor combinations. The
bathing suit worn by Miss Helen Ber
tram is ;i ]>ale blue with white stripes.
Delicate shades of this sort are going to
J • ■ ::. high favor with feminine bathers.
The material used la a matter of choice,
or, rather, of use. For a bathing suit In
tended for the water and one designed
f'-r dry land are naturally made up of en
tirely^different materials. For practical'
purposes something that has wool in its
composition; for picturesque purposes
something with hi sheen of silken
thread? to shimmer in the sunlight.
And this, above all things, when pur
chasing your bathing suit— no disfiguring
trimmings; no fisipflop r-ailor collars, nor
slipshod rovers rather the worse for salt
water. The plainer the bathing suit the
• • *
Messages to Dame Fashion no longer
end in the interrogation point. All the
airy triiles that make up the summer
•wardrobe are now settled facts. And the
more important articles have likewise
had the solemn seal of approval stamped
upon them.
Shirt waists when made of cotton ma
terial do not differ very much from their
sisters of seasons gone by. The yoke In
the back is still pointed, but not nearly
so deep as the yoke of last year.
The sleeves this y?ar are even smaller
than those worn heretofore, and the cuffs
i ..re rounded off at the edges.
■■*■ The stiff linen collar is not viewed with
favor. In its stead we have pique stocks
♦-riding in Ascot ties or stocks made of the
same material as the shirt waist. These
stocks are for sale mi the stores, and
using one of them as a model Ingenious
fingers can readily fashion others after
it. They are far more comfortable than
the stiff linen collar, have the same trim
(look and are more becoming to the aver
:i«e fa^e. No stiffening whatsoever Is
user! in making them, simply a double
thickness of the material. They should
not b<> starched when put through their
bath in the laundry, for starch makes
them thoroughly unmanageable.
Well, tiien. how will they stand up?
asks the girl to whom a crease In her
collar is a matter of weeping and wail
■ ing. The originators of the design have
not overlooked the fact that the girl of
this period ■walls up lief throat as close
ly and as hinh as suffering nature will
permit. So on the back of the stock
i.s a, square if linen stitched on three
sides. Into the fourth side, slips a piece
«{ celluloid. Celluloid is 1 flexible, bends
with the stock and at the same time pre
vents its "flopping" under the chin. It
is but the work of an instant to remove
the celluloid and slip It back again after
the laundress has finisned with the stock.
• • •
iv from stocks back to
noted In ;
gink is ;i favorite shirt waist color.
always doted on pink.
Won has allowed
. mori liberty than ever before.
tint that is nothing more than
sh white to the shade of th(
:. turns to the sun. or
. r still, the tint "f the h"art of ;i
. !,:,,] ii yi.n will recall how
immer girl of a
V looked In her pink cotton waist,
■ A ji| unhesitatingly vote tor
, • |y in the season.
■ of the vivid, but 'if the p.. ft
. to pink in pop-
I brnwn linen shirt waists for
it-i.l practical wear have a modish air
Pho'os by Thors.
about !hf»m. The fabrics have a sheen
• them that makes them very good
to look at. The proper finish for thes*
Photos by Thors,
Helen Bertram in the Latest Bathing Suit for This Season, "The Zaza "
It hap the "Zaza" belt, which gives the "Zaza" curve at the waist lin* 1 . Th^ "Zaza" belt, worn by Mrs. Leslie Carter In the play of that name, is really responsible for the new
figure. It is a belt very high in the back and drawn very low and to a point at the waist line in front. It is a belt impossible with large hips. So on with the belt and off with the
hip? has b*"-n the cry ot lovely woman for the past few months.
The new bathing suit, :is shown by Newman & Levlnson, not only has the "Zaza" belt, but many of them have the "Zaza" collar as well. A high collar with triangular points
turned down over the edge, that makes the well-poised head look like a flower rising out of its calyx. The sleeves of the new bathing suits are small, and the skirts are close-fitting
over the hips, with a becoming fullness at. the knee. »
"tailor"' waists is a cord stitched In each
Hide <>f the front lap. around the cuff and
collar edges and th»* yoke.
Snowy white shirt waists, moll daintily
made, are typically French. They •■
cool and summery, and whe.n Bpo
clean are prettier than ai I shirt
waist. They are going I more
popular than even their colored sisters
of delicate hue.
• • •
A novt-ity in shoes has th< top ai I
part cut i r i slit£, so that by running rib
through, a eh< '!<• •'■ eff< el is pro
duced. A pair of white shoes Interplaited
with yellow is quite dainty looking,
while black ones, Interplaited with colors,
lite attractive.
• « •
Old fashioned alpaca Is going to be
worn a great deal the coming summer.
Outing and walking gown ecially
nice made of <" is o us * shedding mate
rial but alpaca is not to be ■
pracl i« "1 gowns alone, in d<
g fashioned l in!
lv dainty house gowns, and a i iml i oi
gowns are made of the fabric,
which looks just as well as silk with
trimmings.
• • *
Quito h pretty novelty In gloves is com
posed of a very Bhort hana covering of
ki.l continuing in horls i gs of
•., above the elbow.
' l, js a i>it troublesome to prepare and
requires vers careful handling, but there
is nothing better.
CREME DBS CONCOMBRES.
Spermaceti, one-half oum c.
White wax. one-half ounce.
Lanoline, one ounce.
Sweet almond oil, three ounces.
Two fair-sized cucumbers.
. Tincture of benzoin, one tr-aspoonful.
Put the almond oil into the Inside beater
of a custard boiler, using the Hi.ni" quan
tity of water In the ouisld<- boiler tliat
you would in making a custard. Set the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
"The Zaza" Is the Latest
Bathing Suit.
double boiler on the fire. Cut and slice
the fuoumb^rs without peeling them and
drop them into tile almond oil when
warm. Let it simmer for four hours on
the back of the stove. Then strain it and
\o three ounces of the strained liquid add
the spermaceti, white wax an«l lanolin,
and boat until they are molted. Then take
off the Tec and beat with an egg-beater
until cold, .-Hiding during the beating pro
cess the spoonful of benzoin.
This riv«rn is unexcelled for incssngo
and for refining and beautifying 1 ii:<- skin.
•■ ♦ »
THIS year's styles in parasols run to
th* more stocks shapes^ the frames
showing a more pronounced oval,
with thick handles, trimmed plain
ly and eoveroO w?th plain ) -i."f <'".•< si k.
These goods are mole to harmonize with
the tailoring effects now so popular.
Polka dot effects in colors show (food re
sults ar.d are well under order; also cord-
Beauty Talks by Mme. Hygeia.
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics r>nd the hy
giene of proper living. If aDyone desires information on either of these subjects the questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, as 1 : as many questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
c-p WONDER how many of my beauty
students know what a very useful
and altogether delightful acquisition
toilei table absorbent cotton is.
<Ls> It can be used for a variety of pur
poses, and the best part of it is
it is Inexpensive and so quite within the
reach of the most economical self-sup
porting little maiden of you all.
First, of all. let me tell you that as a
pnwdi-r puff it is a positive joy. Fluffed
lightly over the face before applying the
powder, It will absorb every particle of
moisture, and then dipped into that pretty
little cut-glass bowl the powder will ad
li.i, to it with the constancy and per
• y of a borrowing friend that has
Jusl learned that one has fallen heir to a
small legacy.
Used in place of a sponge, it is a never
ending delight. Of course, it could not be
substituted for the large bath sponges,
but foi applying lotions to the face or
tonics to the hair it is really unexcelled.
It is particularly beneficial In bathing the
eyes, and in washing children's eyes noth
ing else should ever be used. Its per
fed purltj and antiseptic properties pre
clude all possibility of any dust or foreign
Ed effects sewn in taffeta silks with half
inch spacer. For the coming season the
styles show a wide array in the make-up,
varying from the plain coaching s>.ii( ] s in
taffeta silk covers to corded and ruffled
designs in China silk and veilings. lacse
include cordings, tucks, face appliques,
lace ilouncings and hemstitched goods,
the latter having a hem of fancy silk
varying from one to six inches in width,
With preference for the narrower hem.
With the fine class of retail trade, what
are known [technically as the small
French "entautcas," or small, neat um
brellas adapted for use in the sun <:r rain;
or for all occasions, as the name implies,
are now in popular favor.' rhe.se, poods
are covered with taffeta silk in dark col
ors, with daintily trimmed handles in a
widt> assortment. This year handles run
to unique designs, such as partridge heads
and bulldog heads. Instead Of crooked or
natural wood sticks, as was th« style last
ear.
Zroses 6y Ji£e/en Bertram.
matter entering and irritating the eye
ball or lid. The little wads can be thrown
away and fresh ones used each time, or
they can be washi d, pulled out and dried
and used again and again.
Have you ever tried absorbent cotton
in place of dress shields? If you have I
am certain that never again will you use
aii} - of those abominable, odoriferous rub
ber shields that you have been accus
tomed to. Even in their fresh, unused
state they are unpleasantly suggestive
of the agonies of the dentist's chair, and
when combined with the odor of the secre
tions of the skin the result is a most try
ing <>iie to any woman with a sense of
nil i ty and cleanliness.
But the cotton. There is nothing to
compare with it. It is sweet, and pure and
absorbs every particle of perspiration,
keeping it from coming through to one's
waist and apparently absorbing the odor
at the same time.
Cut a pair of shields out of linen or mus
lin, and inside each one place a good
sized piece of absorbent cotton. Fasten
with little tapes and sew Inside your
sleeves just as you would any dress pro
tector. These can be washed as often
as one chooses. Even if this were not so,
one could keep a supply on hand suffi
cient to last through the summer without
hearing the straining of the purse strings,
The extreme fancies will hardly be de
sirable. Shapes arc plain, but trimmings
must be line and close..- however* elab
orate. Not much of the frou-frou and
soft fluffy effects is seen in the best de
signer! goods. Narrow fine appliques of
chiffon, narrow ribbons, narrow laces, fine
eordings, nicking"* and hemstitching^ af
ford a sufficient variety of ideas to render
the twenty •to twenty-two inch shapes
sufficiently elaborate to please any taste.
Novelties are not absent, but the more
striking ideas are in materials them
selves, rather than in the methods of
handling-. The particularly beautiful ar
ticles produced by machinery in this
country to-day represent what would
have been hand work at fabulous prices
a decade ago. Most superb tuckings,
cordlngs, hemstltchings and shirrings, so
like hand work as to be indistinguishable,
are utilized in quantity and then sold at
prices that would represent- one-fifth of
what these goods would have cost a few
years since.
for IB or 20 oenta will purchase several
yards of the white, fluffy stuff.
• • •
Now is the time, while cucumbers fire In
8( ason fir the wise little woman to put
vi) a supply of good cucumber cream
with which to clear ami cleanse her com
plexion. There is nothing finite s.i valu
able ( n tho way of a skin whitencr aa
cucumber juice, and many <>f the most ex
pensive toilet luxuries will be found to
contain it. I am point? to give you to-day
a most excellent formula for* cucumber
coid cream.
Answers to Correspondeots,
TTMII) -It la the easiest thing in tho
world to train the eyebrows to almost
any shape. Rubbing a little vaseline or
cocoanut oil into them and good brush
ing will make them luxuriant, and where
thoy are too wii - for beauty take a small
pair of tweezers and carefully remove the
superfluous hairs. The . hair that prows
down by the ears will probably not stay
back until it has grown lonp enough to
be brushed back over the ears. I should
either wait patiently until then or else
keep it clipped quite dose at the ear.
The brown spots about your mouth are
an indication of a disordered liver. A
little lemon juice, followed by an appli
cation of the orange flower skin food, will
sometimes work wonders.
BLOSSOM B.— Benzoin diluted in water
Is an astringent and a splendid tonic for
the skin. It is all right used as you are
using it. Be sure and get the simple tinc
tur<\ as the compound tincture contains
aloes and la noi go< <l for the skin. Letter
to Mildred M.. In last Sunday's ("all. an
swered your other question. Hope yon
saw It.
MINN IK H. R.— l do not rare for cold
cream Unit contains benzoinated lard.
The oxide of zinc in your cream was
probably nnt the purest and best which
Is the reason why it left your face dry
and black. Got some orange flower skin
food formula for which was given Sunday
before last. You will tind It the ye.-v !,.•■
--all-r<>und complexion solace that was ever
manufactured. Massage the hollow
cheeks with it. using a rotary, upward
and outward movement Another move
ment equally excellent is to place the
thumbs an inch from the ear lobes and
"paw" the cheeks with the fingertips,
from the nose toward the ears.
EMILY Mel. .--The lotion that you refer
to was probably the peroxide of hydrogen
and ammonia which I bare frequently
Bted for superfluous hair. The per*
lightens the hair und the ammonia
finally deadens it. Apply the peroxide one
night and diluted ammonia the next. Uut,
really, In such an aggravated case as
yours I doubt if it will have any effect
beyond bleaching the hairs to a lighter
shade. The hair has probably attained
too sturdy a growth to be downed by any
method less severe than the electric
needle. That brother of yours ought to
be spanked.
CARMEN— I shudder when I think how
long you have had to wait for an answer
to your questions, but this department
has got to be so very popular that
I feel like Marie Antoinette did when
she was making that waistcoat for
her father-in-law. Do you remember?
She got along so slowly with her
needlework that she wrote to her
Fho'os by Thors.
mother, the Empress of Austria., one day
and said: "1 find, dear mamma, that I
get along very slowly ■with the King's
waistcoat. But I do most sincerely hope
to have it . finished before many more
years have pone by." That's the way I
feel about the letters that come to this*
department. I really hope before many
years to Ret them all answered. So you
will forgive me for not having replied
"next Sunday," won't you? Let me see,
what was It you wanted to know? Oh.
yes; about the skin food. I hope
you read what I said to Mil
dred M. about it last Sunday.
Try the following for the moth patches,
although I doubt if it will help you if the
trouble, comes from a disordered liver, as
it probably doer;: Cocoa butter, 10
grams: castor nil. 10 grams; oxide of
zinc. 20 centigrams; white jirecipitate;
]0 centigrams: extract of rose, 10 drop:?.
Apply at night and carefully wash
away with warm water the following
morning. T should not put a particle n't
faith in the advertisement you inclosed
The treatment you are follow 'ng will do
you just as much good if persisted in and
cannot possibly harm you. Also hat
the breasts in cold water In the morning.
Swinging Indian clubs and dumbbells will
also help. I ' should be very glad to
have .the prescription you mention.
MISS E.L.— Pure- lemon juice with a
little bora?: added is as good as anything
to remove freckles. I fear T can suggest
nothing for that "Cyrano" difficulty.
NAOMI— Your powders could not have
been made of pure materials, or else it
was not properly mixed. When using
cold cream on the face at night it should
be rubbed in. left on for a few minutes
and then every bit of it rubbed off with a
soft towel. In the morning wipe the faco
off In tepid water. I see no reason why
you should not be able to use the skin
food, although to some skins all oils
are irritating. The difficulty with your
skin, no doubt. Is that the sebaceous
glands are inactive. Have you over tried
steaming the face? A good camphor ice
is sometimes better than a cold cream or
skin food in such cases.
GREENIE— Your complexion is not in a
healthy condition or it would not be so
dry and liable to fluff off in tiny flakes.
1 doubt very much if you should' use any
soap on your face, as it will ■>: i .- help to
remove the small quantity of oil there is
in the cuticle. The orange flower skin
food would refresh your fading skin In
Bbort order. Take, one-half ounce o.acn of
spermaceti and white wax and cut into
shaving. Melt and add one ounce each
of lanolin, and cocoanut oil and two
ounces of oil of sweet almonds. Melt all
these, but do not let boil. Remove from
heat and stir in quickly one ounce of or
ange flower water and ten drops simple
tincture of benzoin. Then beat till fluffy
and nice. Until your skin gets into better
; shape I would advise you to use very lit
tle water on it. but to rely on the' skin
food for cleansing. The formula tot
liquid powder that you inclosed is all
right— that is. the ingredients are all per
fectly harmless— but I think you will find
it very drying and particularly con
ducive to the flaky condition that you
are already complaining of. An excellent
formula for a quinine hair tonic is one
half pint of water, one-half pint of alco
hol and 2."> rents' worth of quinine. I have
heard that bathing bald spots on the head
every morning with water just as hot as
the scalp will allow will start the hair to
growing. You might try it on the hus
band's pate. Advice to Duchess will be
of help to you in getting rid of the black
heads on your nose. Don't squeeze them
out. That only irritates them.
MISS DAISY BELL— Systematic mas
sage with the orange flower skin food will
straighten your skin out in a jiffy. It is
in need of nourishment, no doubt, and
this the skin food will supply.
H. L.— The sage tea tonic" for the hair
is made by. boiling a package of sago
leaves in a quart of water until there is a
pint of the liquid. Strain carefully
through muslin and add one tablespoonful
of bay rum or alcohol. Apply to the roots
of the hair just before going to bed at
night. Do not use this tonic on light hair,
as it has a darkening effect. Please read
what I have said to Greenie about bald
heads.
VIOLETTE DE PARME-Of course
you can get rid of the coarse pores.
Scrub them every night of your life with
a complexion brush, tepid water and cas
tile soap This treatment may seem at
first to make the pores more gaping, but
if persisted in will surely end in refining
■ the skin. When the pores have become
emptied of their secretions use the as
tringent wash suggested to Duchess. I
always advise the tepid sponge bath in
the morning, as being the most likely to
agree with every one. only the most ro
bust being able to indulge in the icy
sponge or plunge.
IDA W.— l do not approve of hot v:ater
for the face. -.lt robs the skin of all soft
ness and makes it taut and stiff and liable
to chap. Tepid water is better. lam un
familiar with the cold cream you name,
so cannot vouch for its purity or excel
lence. I do know that lanolin in its pure
state is more than likely to develop a- fine
crop of whiskers. I wish you would try
the skin food suggested to Greenie. I am
sure it will help you. Use it at night, Just
before ' going to bed, and then once or
twice during the day apply the following
astringent wash, allowing it to dry on the
skin: Take a half pint bottle and place
in it three tablespoonfuls of fresh, un
cooked cucumber juice. Half fill the bot
tle with elder flower water and then add
two tablespoonfuls of eau de cologne.
Shake well and add very slowly half an
■ ounce of simple tincture of benzoin, shak
ing the mixture now and then.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
{KJUjMnBI Id removed by DR. and MRS.
MKhKL^SMI A. W. TRAVERSE, Donohoa
'iv^-rvST'ii'i* building:, 1170 Market St.. cor.
s£?;<2|r/2*a Taylor, rooms £8-30. with th»
WL-^JSE mcl electric needle, without pain or
afjß^Qgr Jt?2 scar. Moles, warts, wrinkl'a.
KjS ".JB Mackheads. freckles. birth-
Y^S , ""~fsw marks, etc.. also removed. Per-
fcgjg^fe B| manency guaranteed. Hours, 1
■
2728
SWEETEST SUSAN'S
ADVENTURE.
Copyrighted, 1899. by Joe! chandler Harris
Chapter IV.
1 r knu nf hirnt^s a rush to the carriage mi
the [Cld orii air the buggy was at the back gate, with Aaron -calling,
'^H^had' SS to repeat the call. The children's grandfather came
running dow^jthlVtlps very nimbly for one of his years, and in a moment
was Inithe buggy, with Aaron beside him.
I S;^^ 1 ;vh,,,-Ha,r e a Master. ■■Wh CT .
Ute-H,
,, K ,,t , tak( 'em i 'He spoke to I
d ■ cc from h walk I r, shaking bis head play
f "llv By tls tim. Johnny Bapter, armed with a naming torch, was more
thanfhaTfiwaylto the sldl gale; where the wagon had come In and gone
nit He reaohed the pate as the bungy <lrove up. and Aaron seized the
rch and examined the ground. He saw the wagon tracks coming in. and
I- w who c it urn..! as It wont out. He spoke to the horse as he Hung the
i rch "«v : n.l climbed into the buggy as it moved off ■ He spoke once
more n. the animal broke Into what seemed to be a wild gallop going so
i-mHiv that the buggy seemed to be in the air when it went whirling over
i ViinkeVi fllace In the road. on level stretches the horse ran as racers
ninTnd tho wheels of the buggy gave forth an undertone that sounded
"^•hJw do'ymi'dm-e^i^out the lines?" the White-Haired Master asked,
Consuelo
Gonsuelo, Duchess of J^larl borough, Who Will Shortly Become a Princess of the Romar\ Empire.
ON April 27, King'" birthday, the ;
Prince Kf-K«nt of Bavaria will re
instate th(t Duke of Marlborough
as feudal i^ord and "rriKnlriK"
Prince of the principality of Mln
dfUialm, raising., at th« warns !
time, DllQlif . formerly Consuele Vtui
derblli, te the rank an»i dignity of it genu
*mm Princfeßß, And this act, which makes
when he became convinced that the son of Ben AH had the horse under
complete control.
"He knows me, master, and I know him." 'replied Aaron.
It was not a satisfactory answer, perhaps, but it seemed to be Buf
ficletit. t*p hill the horse, which was a strong one, went with a long,
swinging trot. The top reached, the trot would be exchanged for a gallop.
This went on for some time, until Aaron vetoed the gallop. When they
hail gone on for an hour, and were nearly to Harmony Grove, a small set
tlement about ten miles from the Abercrombie place, the son <>f Ken All
stopped the horse, jumped from the buggy and carefully examined the
road ahead, getting down on his hrmds and knees to do SO.
He rose and shook his head, and walked slowly back to the buggy.
"What is the matter?" \h<- White-Haired Master asked.
"'lli' wagon p.ln't c ime 'long here, master. The wheel tire is two
inch) * wide. No track like that in the road."
"It was an army wagon," said the grandfather, musingly. "What has
becon ;' It? It must have passed here. The first fork in the road Is at
Harmony Grove. We'll go there."
Elviry Ran
to the Door
to See What
Was Creating
All the
Cori)motioo.
And bo they drove on to Harmony Grove. As it happened, there was a
sort of social gathering in the Bchoolhouse. As always happens on such
occasions, there were several young men and boys who were too shy to
venture In the house where the girls and young women were. If a wagon
or. vehicle of any kind had passed they surely would have seen it. But no
wagon had passed.
Such of them as had horses volunteered to join the searching party,
but the White-Haired Master thanked them. If the wagon hadn't passed
it was still on the road somewhere, and he and Aaron would find it. In
deed, the White-Haired Master had made a calculation. Harmony Grove.
was ten miles from his place. He had come the distance in something less
than an hour, and it was now 10 o'clock. If the wagon had left the spring
at 8 o'clock it could hardly have reached Harmony Grove before then.
Aaron judged that they should have overtaken the v wagon about six miles
from the spring.
A.S a matter of fact, thdy had overtaken the wagon and passed it five
and one-half miles from home, ■>r. to be more exact, at the humble resi
dence oi Mr. Barlow Bobs. They had passed the wagon without knowing
it. for the reason thai the vehicle was not in Right from the road, and
they would have passed it in broad daylight.
The driver— Mr. Roby Ransom— that was really his name, a? it turned
out had not gone more than two miles from the Ahercromble place before
th<- desire to Bleep overcame him. an,d he began to nod. For awhile he
•would noil and then rouse himself, but finally he leaned against the frame
work, over which the cover was spread, and began to sleep soundly. The
lines Slipped from his hands, but caught on the brake and hung there, too
high for the feet of the. mules to become entangled in them.
When the wagon came to the top of the long hill that slopes down to
Crooked Creels the mules were surprised to feel no restraining hands on
the reins. At first they hardly knew what to do, but they were well
trained and they held back the wagon until near the bottom, and then they
broke Into a swift trot and went swishing through the shallow waters of
("rooked Creek. Without a pause they pulled the wagon sedately up the
opposite hill, whirh was not a very steep one. They remained In the road,
as became sensible mules,. but they became more and more uncertain In
their movements as they realized that no hand was guiding them.
Finally they came to the humble home of Mr. Rons— or. rather, they
' iw That led To Mr. Bobs' log cabin. Into this they
turned, the V-il- of the hind wheel missing the fence corner by the bre idth
his road they followed it into Mr. Bobs' back yard;
an d ti ' behind the corncrib, a double pen built of logs.
i i« r fai fodder stack behind this crit> the mules concluded thai
night. AJfter this the only movement thej made
the wagon as they reached for th^ fodder, and they snorted
n too much dusi from the forage crept up their nostrils.
.-.■ minutes after the mules had reached this harbor, they
pricked up their ears und of a running horse whirling a buggy
along the road and V : >use dog harked dubiously; bul beyond this
there was nothing to bother them, and no alarming noises were heard.
jlj W eetest i tie Bis nd Drusllla were sound asleep, and bo was
Mr Roby Ransom. It was a very good thiner for Mr. Ransom thai he was
asleep for there is no doubt that if the Wnite-Haired Master had come
up with him on the road he would have fared but ill. But providence
• him under its wing.
The White-Haired Master concluded to wait in the neighborho
Harmony Grove until dawn, knowing that nothing could be done in the
darkness li was a long, long nierht. The grandfather walked up and
down up and down, the whole time, and though the son of Ben AH sat in
the schoolhi I tatue. he was as impatient as the rasater He
had built a fire in the old sheetiron stove, and thf draft rushing into this
puffed like a locomotive, and for awhile kept time with the tramp, tramp.
71/i'M 32e a Princess
A Vanderbilt Raised to a Germar) Digr>ity.
the present and future Issues of the Marl- !
borouffhs Princes and Princesses, respec
tively, on both their father's and their
mother's Hide, will entitle them to Inter
marry with royalty.
Jn fact, Prince— Conuuelo and her boys,
cv: >"«U m other boyu and girls that may
blasts her union with the Duke, will have i
in future tho otune rank on tho continent
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
of Europe that 1b enjoyed by the once
sovereign houses of Hohenlohe, Hesse.
l:<mburK. Balm, Sayn-Wittgenetein and
others, which, from the view point of the
Alnianach d<; Gotha, "are Just as good"
as the .HohenzolWns, Hapsburgs, Ro
rnanoffß, Bourbons and Orleans.
The reuons prompiing the Regent to
reinvest the descendant of old Jack
tramp of the grandfather.
But dawn came at last, and as soon as things were visible the two were
in the buggy and away When they had gone two or three miles toward
home Aaron Jumped from the buggy and strolled on ahead of the horse.
H was quite light by this time, and he scanned the road carefully, search
ing for tin- tracks made by the big wheels of the army wagon. He could
nut find them when' they were not, hut when he came to the short lane
thai led to Mr. Bobs' house he saw where the wagon had turned in. Mak
ing sure thai it had noi come out again, he waited for the White-Haired
Master to come up. He said noi a word, bul pointed to the tracks made
by the wheels.
Now it happened that Mr. Bobs had his sister, Miss Kiviry, for his
housekeeper. Miss Kiviry was W odd years old and quite independent of
servants, and it was her habit to rise at daybreak summer and winter,
kindle Into a blaze the fire that had been wrapped into a blanket of ashes
the night before, and proceed to conk an early breakfast, so that her
brother might gel to work at his turning lathe or his broom making as
booh as possible. Miss Elviry went to bed early and rose early, as a mat
ter both of conscience and habit. But on this particular' morning she rose
earlier than usual. She had a "fellin'," as she afterward expressed it, that
everything was noi all right. Once or twice, when she woke (hiring the
night sht' heard the house dog littering smothered growls and whining, a
certain sign That everything was not as it should be. She refrained from
musing her brother, but she had a good mind to. She mad" up for her
restraint in this matter, however, by rising half an hour earlier herself.
Sh.' kindled a fire, put on a supply of wood to keep it going and hurriedly
dressed herself Then, although the stars were shining, she unbolted the
back door and looked out. The little outhouse in which Mr. Bobß did his
work and kept his tool? barred her vision, but she heard unusual noises,
such as the rattle of chains and the creaking of harness and the snorting
of horses or mules.
Now Miss Kiviry was not n timid woman. She had some of the indo
pendence and energy that would have made her brother more prosperous
had he possessed a fair share of them. So, while she was astonished at
,1,,, noises she heard, she was not alarmed. Instead of mshing Into her
brother's room to arouse him, she seized the ax. -which was always brought
in over night in case of an emergency, and sallied out to see what It was
that had taken possession. ,' .. . ...
The bouse dog heard her. and came out from under the house fairly
sen Lining with delight, for h« had a horrible night of it. Feeling himself
adequately reinforced by Miss Elviry's presence, his bristles rose and he
rushed around the outhouse and proceeded to hay at the back end of the
wagon with the greatest fury, and his indignation grew even greater when
he heard Miss Elviry's firm voice urging him to "Sic 'em, Spot! Sic 'em!"
The voice aroused Sweetesi Susan, hut did not seem to disturb the other
sleepers The child rubbed her eyes, but for a long moment she could not
Imagine where she was. Then she remembered she was in the wagnn when
she should be at home in bed. And, "Oh, what will mamma say?' Dawn.
«till glimmering fnr away, sent a glimmer of light into the wagon, and
toward thi-- Sweetest Susan groped her way. stumbling over Drusilla, who
merely turned over with a sigh that sounded like a groan.
"Who are you. anyhow 0 " cried Miss Elviry, sharply.
"(Hi It's only me 1 " answered Sweetest Susan, whose head and sh.onH
ers were dimly outlined against the interior darkness of the wagon. "Take
me oul nl.:. s». Oh, this is not home. Where am I."
\li^s Elvirv went nearer; there was something about the child s voice
that drew her. "Oh, bush up. Spot!" she cried to the dog; "now you've
started you'll never Btop." She went close to the wagon end and looked
at the child as well as she could. "What's your name, honey?" ,
Now as Boon as Miss Kiviry came nearer the child s sharper vision
She made quilts and wove counterpanes for people who
. wejl off, and she had In this way been a frequent visitor
at the Abercrombie place.
"la that you Miss Elviry? Please take me out!"
Miss Elviry was thunderstruck, as she said afterward.
"Well ef t'hilt ain't— Why! Well, l know the end of the world am t fur
off now! 'Susali WTyche. what are you doin 1 In this rig at this time of day,
when by good rights you ought to be at home in bed?"
"Take me out please, Miss Kiviry; and don't scold. I'm going to run
to about your own house, you'll have to do some extry
h«rd runnin 1 ef you get thpre by dinner time. STou'H go into this house right
vV, ;, 'TalnM so big an' tine, but the fire iii there is just as warm, and
'he Bcarrte8 carrted k !w^tesi Susan In the hot.se. put a pillow in the chair
••to make It feel like home," as she said, and stationed the child in the
warmest corner. Then she woke her brother. "Do your dressto 1 in your
own mom " she said: "we've got comp'ny thin mornin .
Mr Hols didn't seem to relish this, and he began to grumble in tone 9
*'hurrhlll. first Prince of Mindelheim. j
with the fief arc said to have b metallic
ring to them, Vmt that in do way affects
the ac( itsdf. Luitpold, as the legal rep- j
rpsentativ.' of Insane King Otto, ha
perfect right to 'lisp, se of the feudal
prerogatives and digmitfeß appertaining
to any Bef of the crowq ■ I ■ and
the act contemplated does nb"l provide
for more, n? the suzerainty of the prov- :
Ince remali in the house of
Wittelsbach, despite the fact that Marl
borough and hia DucheSß will he i' s
Prince and Prim • -
In other wordß, the crown of Bavaria
cedes to the Duke its Lands, forest* and
castles in the district, and therewith the
privileges appertaining to certain landed
estates in monarchical countries, viz., a
seat in the House of Lords, the right to
a bodyguard, freedom from military '
service and taxation, likewise the right
to administer justice, to appoint Mayors,
parsons, schoolteachers, Judges and po
lice Officers within tho limits of the Clef.
Bavaria attends to the post, the tele
graph, the levying of recruits And taxes.
All other branches of administration are
vested in the "reigning" Prince.
But, say the Munich reports, Marlbor
ough laid seemingly little stress on these
rights, which appear to a German as the
height of ambition. His negotiations for
reinstatement were solely dictated by a
desire to give his American wife a stand
ing among the royalties of the continent
of Europe, and, receiving assurances that
Consuelo and her children should share
his title, he did not hesitate to pay over
to the crown of Bavaria the very large
sum demanded. The i Jtact figures could
not be learned. The. real estate Becured
in the bargain is worth only about ;
to $30,000. but when a man like Marlbor
ough must choose between dollars and a
beloved wife's ambition, he cannot afford
to haggle.
It is a well known fad that Princes of
the European continent, particularly
those of tin- ancient Roman-German em
pire, such as the Marlboroughs, are for-
Didden bs decree of the Vienna Congress
to Intermarry with commoriera If they
do marry women below the rank of Count
lescended from ;i once sovereign fam
ily), the union is regarded as morganatic,
and the wife has no i (aim to her hus
band's title Neither can the issue of a
morganatic marriage succeed to the fath
er's title or to the family estates, if the
latter are entailed— that is. limited in de
scent to a particular heir, legitimate" on
his father's Bide ami mother's side.
This rule never was acknowledged by
Greal Britain, and Queen Victoria, though
Girma.ii in many other respects, openly
disavows it. and treats the ladies Buffering
from its unjust, discrimination with
studied courtesy. Thus she conferred the
title of "Princess Edward of Saxe-Wel
mar" upon the late Lady Augusta-Lenox,
daughter of the Duke of Richmond and
Gordon, when ihat lady married Prince
Edward, her Mai. sty's Held marshal and
commander of the Life Guards.
At the court of Weimar and in the con
tinental peerages, however, the lady iig
ures as Augusta Countess yon Dornburg,
and her royal brothers and cousins by '
marriage never acknowledge tier as the
wife of Prince Edward, li she had pre
sented her husband with sons and daugh
ters, which she didn't, they could not have
borne their father's name; they would
have been known as Counts and Count
esses yon Dornburg, though the Queen
might have styled them Princes and
Princesses in her own dominions, of
course.
Marlborough and Prince Edward of
Snxt- Weimar holding equaj rank on the
: Continent, Consuelo vanderbilt found her
s• •1 f ill tht> s.imo position a? Lady Au
; gustn-l,enox when sin- married. She was
! a Duchess in England right enough, but
1 on the Continent she remained a social
nobody. True, she had plenty of distin
guished company— the D\ik.- of Fife, the
Marquis of Lome, the Teoks. sons-in-law,
nephews and cousins of th^ Queen. When
| these gentlemen visit a continental court
they eat at the "second table" with th<>
higher grade gold sticks and titled flun
kies, but the American girl had no taste
for following this august example. In
stead, she prevailed upon her husband to
rectify the accident of her birth.
Commerce In titles being a recognized
business among sovereigns Cthe only one
In which they qan safely engage), it is
not atrange that Consuelo received offers
of principalities and dukedoms in Italy,
! Spain, Portugal. Austria and the Balkan
: States. But her own and Marlborough's
ambition were above mere mushroom dig
-1 nitles. The Duke desired for his wife a
place well to the fore In the AJmanacb <1>
Gotha, and if their union was blessed with
issue his and Consuelo's children should
enjoy all the rights, privilegca and pre
rogatives to which their illustrious ances
try entitled them.
Palmistry
O many thousand Impressions of
3 palms have been forwarded to this
■ deparment for reading that it has
been decided lot to receive any
more until those on hand are an
swered. This is none in justice to
the palmist and to those who might
forward impressions and be obliged to
wait a long time before a careful reading
could be made in this column.
■• • *
MRS. L. K. D., Elmira— are marks
of great sorrow and disappointment in
your hand. Your health line is not good
between 30 and 40. You are inclined to be
irritable. You have had an unhappy mar
ried life. You allow people to take advan
tage of you in many ways. You have ex
ecutive and commercial ability. You are
determined and cautious. One journey is
shown.
MISS E., Centerville— You have artistic
ability. Are very independent in thought
and action. You have considerable talent,
but circumstances will interfere with any
marked career that you might choose
for yourself. You will have to be careful
of your health between 30 and 40. There
is one heart affair and two marriages.
One individual that will cause you much
sorrow. You have an "ntellectual thumb.
JACK 6., San Jose— Yours is the hand
of a brain worker. You would succeed
best in a position where figuring and writ
ing is required in a business capacity. Are
trustworthy; perform your duties with
accuracy. You are subject to severe acci
dents until 30 years of age. You have a
sensitive and refined disposition; think
much, and careful in your remarks. Lack
of faith in your ability. Do not marry
until late in life.
KATIE L.; Menlo Park— This tiny hand
gives evidence of a very eventful life.
Its special talent is that of a writer. The
owner will be famous at the early age of
26: will write several inspiring works that
will be read in many homes. Generous
and liberal to worthy causes. No out
ward display and a humble, retiring dis
position. ■• "•. '
F. K. 8., Pacific Grove— is the
hand of fancy; you have an ideal mind,
largely imaginative. You are selfish for
your own purpose and do not hesitate to
impose upon others. You are very fickle
and will make an unhappy choice in mar
riage.- You will gain some inheritance
through your people at 33. You fancy an.
easy and indolent life and do not take
kindly to anything pertaining to labor.
GRACE 11., San Diego— is the hand
of a student, full of ambition. You are
bright and absorb knowledge readily.
Your business life will be a disappoint
ment to you. You will make an early mar
riage that will change all your plans; will
have a life of comparative ease and lux
ury. A perfectly happy life, devoted to
home and family. You are loved by many.
S. R.— You are intelligent, artistic and
strong-willed, but are narrow of judg
ment and measure others by your own
standard. Can keep secrets and money.
Will never be a fast money-maker, but
will keep what you get. You had a great
trouble that changed the current of your
life. Will wield a strong influence over
those with whom you associate.
HARVEY M., Stockton— The lines In
this hand give promise of a long, well
spent life. They show good mental ability
with a tendency toward a good commer
cial ability. The heart line shows a calm,
good disposition, thoughtful and noble
minded toward all with whom you have
dealings. It also shows brightness in lit
erature and good form of expressing
thought.
MARY E.. City— palm indicates an
Impulsive, light-hearted disposition, better
adapted to spending money than for earn
ing it. You will marry twice. You will
make an Ideal mother. -• You will be influ
enced by those you love and have few
ambitions outside of home, j
C. S. G., Sacramento— Is the hand
of a business man. Your characteristics
are perseverance, foresight and strict ap
plication to business. Broad-minded and
generous and as exacting of self as ot
others. You will love poetry, but only of
a high order. Have considerable musical
ability. You will marry and by your mar
riage gain financial benefit. The life line
indicates chronic ill health in old age.
L. K. R.— Yours is the hand of venture.
Your best success will be In a practical
Continued on Pag© Thirty-two.
that was all Mr. Bobs did say. . Plvirv of the facts as she knew
Sweetest Susan soon informed Miss Eiviryoi h wagon _ the
them, and then remembered that Drusilla was still in
cute little baby— and that awful man. Sweetest Susan in that place
Mr. Bobs was very much surprised to n 5 w t |, e Abercrombies and the
at that early hour, and glad, too, for he and tne awe
Wyches had always been good frienos. . Flvlry . fUS t war, and then signs
"You know what they say in the Bible.Emry. "JJJ , t » In a f PW mo
and wonders. Thafa what they say bejlng d ci 'Su.dc .mag*...™ nad
«gih£& «" sii^srafe&J r& 'sss. s«*»«° >■»
conjured into being. carting a stout hickory cane
It. was quite light now, and Mr Bobs, selecting a h big , Rer
from his collection sallied out, "«" P°t s tealin f children, and
than me ef I don't flnd-out why h e s creepin roun a -i,
why he's crope into my P"™^, Bejin? df f h |f M aVter drove into the
But as Mr. Bobs -went out the hite-Ha.rea aia. i could. Mr. Bobs
lane, and he and Aaron .- forward as ranidH a'»■ c. the odder
went to the wagon, turned the heads of the mu* es aw < > , Biscul t were
stick and the, looked into the wagon. DrußUla ana w we searching
soundly Bleeping, but nothing waa ito .be seen of ■ x , ml heard
around the premises carefutty -and continuously. r|^ a a £&•• Roty Ransom
?o r ?h C e'" 3 n . B ernA er , 1 ; < 'b n e t ,Vh h a < uS!Sf t^ Sliona'/fyT/.eane'i .K.ln.t » sa,
-s&H£= W m «« once « syurßAJrt.-tf Aft
neighborhood some years before, and who had been .em
from an adjoining county Mast er and the son of Ben AH came up.
Meantime the White-Haired Master ana "£ *£Vhen they discovered
and great was their . consternation i for a moment p^^, l fortunately, the
""„« ,„, ufort.,,,n . r bg«*j ■rrthek'.'^VlSS .'m'^mS,,'':
glared at the three with glassy eyes, ana '";■", brambles into the
about the Bend Apollyon. ran 'through the ™^f sa an p a earedi an d although
wood?. Not even Aaron could overtake him. "f Q1 7 I v l ndt the unfortunate
searching parties scoured the coe o c o a d me^ r , o m end. ami the legend developed
was never seen again. His ™»te became a i *£.'!•■ , oinno d a re passed about
into the collection of myths which m b, • l : t ', ... the whites tell
from mouth to mouth to this day. 1 hose most auec li ,, > . curfi llng tales
of Robber Ransom, while those of the -neßroesßi\e while all are mar _
about Robityransom. Some of these tales mr n . iv ! ,, f . ( . n injected into them,
velous. and parts of other myths and legends WhitS-Haired Master nor
It is hardly necessary to^'^AVfhe lunatic after he had once disap-
Aaron imade any serious effort to find the n ! un .f,,' .. « There was Sweetest
peared. They had other things to think '^pa JoVwuh.mt th.-ir r,-
Susans mother; they to^J*»* «™* »P^g to of Ben All. indeed, made
far from safe at this time X Jemimy s affection was strong enough, but it
had T h e ere l%%?:ATn£tl™X left™ The tort made its appearance
in tie bark of the wieon while- the White-Haired Master was thanking
Miss EivVrv for her^rc-ffered breakfast It was little Billy Biscuit, who
thumped on the wagon gate and cried; „
••Please tate me down. Me want my hekku*. Me mell meat a-fym .
"Did you ever in all your born days!" exclaimed Miss Elviry. Then she
ran to the wagon, smiled at the child and little Billy Biscuit laughed back
at her. When she took him in her arms he put his small arms about
neck and hugged her so hard that he grunted. It was evidently a tnck
that his mother had taught him, and a very cute one it was. This time
Wh^You L E edn'7ora he at bl the he b d ,ushin-.". remarked Mr. Bobs to the
White-Haired Master; "she ain't been hugged afore, not sence— not
sence l dunno when." • , .
Miss Elviry's only reply to this was to kiss the baby and squeeze him
the more closely to her breast. Now. when Sweetest Susan saw little Billy
Biscuit it caused her a sharp pang of remorse to feel that she had almost
forgotten the poor little thing. She ran to him now. and would have
taken him in her arms, but he. thinking she was up for a frolic, kicked
his feet, laughing and screaming In glee, and clung to Miss i-.iviry.
Nevertheless the child was a problem. What was to be done with
him' It was plain thai Ransom, the lunatic, perhaps feeling the need ot
company, had taken him on the road. To explain the child's presence
however didn't settle the matter. He was there, and what was to be
done with him? Miss Elviry settled the matter.
"Mayn't 1 keep him till his klnnery come, she Insisted.
"I^ess'n he begins for to plate an squall at night, remarked Mr. Bobs,
laughing. . ... ,
Bui Miss Elviry was very earnest about it. and so it was settled.
"And we can come and see him sometimes," said Sweetest Susan, with
'an eye to the future.
"Yes and when you come fetch a lot of old clothes that used to belong
to you an' your brother, ef your ma's got any to spare, replied Miss
• Elvirv, with an eye to the practical. ,_, ..
There was another problem, the wagon and mules. Kf them mules
has swallowed one bundle of fodder, they've swallowed a hundred weight."
remarked Mr. Bobs, when the subject of the wagon was mentioned. II
was finally decided. that he was to take charge of the old wagon and
team and "if no one called for them they were to be his.
Next Sunday the children will go on a visit to Billy Biscuit.
■f
Ji/\ND OF DJ?. R. BEVE^Ly COLE.
j^ead by Neergaard.
THIS hand shows a forceful, determined nature, aggressivn and positive.
Bis long, Intellectual thumb enables him to prosecute his plans with judg
ment. He is rather more willful than logical, and cannot easily he con
vinced that his Ideas are not far superior to those conceived by another. He
is exceedingly Intuitive, and when once impressed with a plan, will turn
heaven and earth to materialize it. He has constructive ability, but not inven
tive genius. He can adapt an article to excellent uses not fo*"«ween by the one
who originated it. In other words, he can always improve upo'i another's Inven
tion if It comes within the line of his work. He shows by his spatulate
tipped third finger his ability to express his ideas in an eloquent, concise, manner.
He is restless and active, always devising new schemes. He has marked me
chanical genius, and his life Hue being so closely Followed by his head line would
prove thai he would exercise due caution In his surgical operations. He is an
ideal physician, for he can not only prescribe and eradicate the existing path
ological conditions, but he can teach his patient a better mode of life. He has the
power of Influencing others to a large degree. He is practical and outspoken
and would be Inclined to .state facts rather too forcibly. He is not diplomatic
enough for his own good. With his ability he should have been a rich man, but
he has been too conscientious to take undue advantage of others in his business
dealings. He is thoroughly honest and reliable: generous, but not extravagant;
ambitious, but his ambitions are upon humanitarian lines. He is broad-minded,
and could not subscribe to any narrow creed. He has a proper regard for the eth
ical side of life, yet he has no fear of retribution.
He is stanch in friendship, especially when the recipient is of a tractable,
pliant nature, one who would rely upon his judgment Cwhich he values). He is
inclined to be a bit egotistical; fond of admiration, especially by the opposite
sex.
His short fingers would incline his nature to large undertakings; he would be
inclined tn plan for more than his time would permit him to consummate. The
well-defined knots on the fingers gives him a philosophical turn. He hns or
der in material matters and order in ideas. He has great executive power—ex
cellent concentration. The space between the fingers shows his Investigative
mind. His penetration is keen— in both business matters and in his analysis of
human nature. There is a good life line up to about 7", when aa island shows
a severe illness In the nature of paralysis or a slight apoplectic stroke, which for
quite a length of time interferes with his work.El
Ca p iL an
rT"\HF.RE is nothing like a little weli
-1 ordered competition in the the-
THERE is nothing like a little man
etition In the I
-
X agers indulge in legitimate rival
ry then the playgoer stands a
good chance of getting; his honest due,
to say nothing: about the manager get
ting his. This is being very pleasantly
illustrated by the comic opera produc
tions in the Grand and Tivoll opera
houses. At the one Mr. Southwell's
company is giving a sumptuous pre
sentation of "El Capitan," at the other
the trusty Tivolians are making merry
music and picture in "The Geisha."
Mr. Morosco has finally adopted an idea
that was suggested in this column im
mediately after the opening. I'- has
scaled the prices ■■ the Grand down
to an even 25 and sft cents. Besides",
he has put on a piece that is nearly
new and whose name alone is an at
traction. And "El Capitan" and the
prices are drawing the first packed
houses of the season. The people are
beginning to find out the name and
address of the Southwell company, and
incidentally its many excellencies. Th
recent hard luck of the Tivoli company,
which is in old institution forever with
us, has not been a special subJectVof
comment; but the fact stands that the
little opera-house around the corner
piiffprpd weeks of unpopulousness. This
was due to unattractive pieces, a very
bad tenor and an obvious lack of en
thusiasm In the general performance.
But "The Gei?ha," the best of 111 the
modern musical comedies, inspires the
company; the bad tenor is gone and
repla'vd by Frank Coffin (who can sine;
and who will soon learn to act); and
once more the throng finds its way to
Eddy street. The Southwell company
would have suffered much, had it
rut up a stale bill in competition with
"The Geisha"; the Tivoli company
would have stood a chance of becom
ing chronically forgot had it staged an
indifferent piece against "El Capitan."
Each manager knew that the other was
ready for a big (fort. And in result
the town has two rattling good comic
opera productions at the absurd but
magnetic prices of 25 and 50 cents, and
both opera-houses are doing encourag
ing business. Where a man would not
go to either show a week ago he is now
gnjne to both. There is nothing like
competition.
• * *
The Southwell people really do re
markably well in "El Capitan." The
opera is a good one. and unique in that
It is written around a clever, lively
libretto. By itself the book is a good
farce, full of amusing line and situa
tion and well vorked together. A
printed "argument" is not necessary
to an understanding of its plot and
fun. Sou.sa's music is extravagantly
good in several numbers and good
enough in the others. And the annexa
tion of "The Stars and Stripe* For
ever" for the closing chorus of the sec
ond act is one of the most rousing ana
chronisms ever committed in comic
opera. As It is sung and pictured by
that immense stageful of brightly clad,
healthy voiced people the effect is
simply galvanic. In point of ensemble
the Be Wolf Hopper production of "El !
Capitan" in the Baldwin is not to be j
remembered. And don't forget that the
Southwell company is a stock organi
zation with a new piece to put on
nearly every week. The production is
more than creditable; it is just the
special effort that the house needed.
The chorus is huge, well balanced vo- ;
cally, and under rigorous stage man- j
agement. Most of the principals are
good and none is disastrous. Mr, VVoolf
is hardly as humorous a personality as
De Wolf Hopper, but ho is funny just
the same in a legitimate fashion, and j
he sings as few comedians have ever
dared ito do. His assumption of the
title part Is original and entirely a suc
ceps. Mr. Wooley is also to the good
as the Chamberlain. He has not the
diminutive stature of Mr. Klien, his j
predecessor in the part, nor the special
talent for making fun out of pitiable '
situations, but along his own lines of
. pnnd-nature he give? n. most en
nlng Identity :<> the part Th.
en are all ffettoer
production Ib one of record.
tg i rote myself out on the
■t of ihe Tivolfa "Geisha." Musi
cally the piece in the best that has been
Blnc« "ThL- Mikado." The lyrics
BARGAINS IN COMIC OPERA.
By Ast}ton Steveos.
I are dainty and modish, and a continu
ously charming stage picture compen
sates for the obese Brltishnesß of most
of the spoken dialogue. This is the
i third "Geisha" production at the Tivoli
and in several respects the best. For
one thing the women have advanced
a -•• ■;> toward that air of smartness
i that was absent from the earlier pre
sentations. Miss Meyers is less strenu
| ous and more evenly successful than
| Edith Hall was in the part of Molly.
Miss '..■ htor, a bad and apparently un
j ambitious actress at best, limbers up
a bit and uses that pretty, mechanical
voice of hers to good effect in the
i graceful ditties that fall to Mimosa.
: Miss Cooper's Juliette seems to enjoy
; a more secure French dialect and a
■ greater measure of insinuation than
i before, and Tillie Salinger as Lady
j Constance is her placid self unchanged.
j Edwin Stevens, as you know, is at his
! imperious b»st as the Japanese Mar-
I gui?. The part Is more Important as
j the center pin of the play than as the
I medium for the individual glorification
I of the actor, but Mr. Stevens contrives
j to protect his own interests as well as
| those of the piece. I cannot imagine a
j better performance of it than he gives.
j The Chinaman is in the hands of
i Charles W Swain, who, white not as
1 uproariously comic as was Thomas
Leary, gives a very laughable version.
William Pruette, who seems to grow
fat while you wait, does not take kindly
to the modish stride and tailoring of
Reginald Fairfax, but his large, kindly
voice finds comfort in the songs. The
Japanese captain is Frank Coffin's role.
j Its chances are few, but Mr. Coffin
\ makes a considerable most of every
-1 thing that is in sound. In him the
1 Tivoli has at last found a comic opera
\ tenor. After a little histrionic experi
■ ence he ought to be the best in the
history of the house. He not only knows
how to sing, but he has the human
voice. Nobody will call his tenor a
disease.
Jhe Columbia.
Roland Reed will begin the second and
last week of his enprigcment at th. Co
lumbia Theater on Monday evening, pre
: senting "The Woman-Hater," David D.
Lloyd's comedy, in which Mr. Reed is seen
t<i advantage? as Samuel Bunby. Bunby. an
old bachelor.is erroneously regarded by his
friends as a woraan-haitr, while the truth
is that he has unbounded admiration for
the sex and is in love with Mrs. Joy. a
charming widow, in search of her third
: husband. Mr. Bund is such an eligible
] catch that he becomes entrfngrleri -with two
other ambitious widows, and his efforts
to extricate himself from the awkward
predicament is the nrincipal motive of
the story, in which other lovers figure
and are as rivulets to swell the river of
love which is so conspicuous in the case
of Bundy. R< i.-tnd Reed will be seen as
the woman hater: Miss Isadore Rush will
appear as Mrs. Joy. the widow irr search
of her third husband.
The next attraction at this theater will
I be Charles Frohman's latest farcical pro-
I duction in threo acts called "On and Off."
Qrand opera-}-lous2
Writes the press agent of the Southwell
Comic Opera Company: "The manage
ment is candid enough to admit this is
not entirely owing to the superb produc
tion and excellent cast and chorus given
'El Capitan,' but also to their adoption
of the suggestion made by The Call that
they should reduce the prices. Each night
the large size of the ludience is convinc
ing evidence of the sagacity of it." The
production will run to another good week.
Mr. P< rsae, the tenor, who is not supplied
with sufficient songs .... satisfy his admir
ers, will Interpolate .several ballads. As
to-morrow la Dewey da.) a special mat
inee will be given and in honor of the oc
casion a choir of children will sing- "The
Stars and Stripes Forever."
Jf\2 TiVoli.
At the Tivoli. too, the prime bill will be
continued. The revival of "The Geisha"
has made ■ hit that bids fair to crowd
the house for another week at least. Of
fenbach's mythological opera, "Orpheus
and Eurydice," will be the next offering. |
This famous work ran for nearly two
years at the Bijou Opera-house. New
York, and all of the scenic models, cos
tume designs and business invented by
the adapter. Max Freeman, will be used
in the Tivoli production. «
The y\lcaza-.
The management ••announces a second j
week of "Captain Swift" at the Alcazar,
commencing to-morrow, with a special
Dewey day matinee. "Captain Swift" has I
been one of the best presentations of any
play that the Alcazar has offered in
weeks. It is rich in costume, elaborate in
stage dressings and most creditably
played by the cast of players from the Al
cazar's stock. Ernest Hastings, an actor!
who is rapidly coming to the front as one
of the best young leading men to tin.- \
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1809.
The
Geisha
■ ' ■ - !.•„ •,--' . - -:• ■< ■ ' I
stock business, has scored another hit in
the title role.
Clay M. Greene's farcical comedy, en
titled "His Japanese Wife," will follow
Captain Swift."
Lewis Morrison commences his Alcazar |
season on Monday. M ■•-. -, in 'Hamlet." ,
George Poster Platt, author of "Master j
of Ceremonies" and "Frederick the
Great." will direct the stage during the |
Morrison season.
Jhe UrpKeum. !
The new people on the Orpheum hill are
the Sisters Hawthorne, the four Nel
son sisters and the Valdares: The Haw- j
thorne* are the young women who made !
a. hit In London recently. They appear 1
in a little nvusical si»«c?i written for i
them by Leslie Stuart, and which affords !
th' m opportunity to intrn.luce their dan- !
cm? specialties. Th».' four Nelson sb-ter* i
fire acrobats and are well known here as
they scored a hit when it the Orpheum '
three years ago. The Yaklarer, are trick ;
and Uancy bicycle riders and are said to i
give a very pleasing ♦•mcrtainment. From
last weeks bill there remain the Dil
lon brothers In new songs and parodies;
the Rio brothers, aerial artists; George I
W. Dv, the monologist; the Andersons; |
the Jackley Wonders, and— most Impor
tant of all— Lillian Burkhart and com
pany in a new act. Miss Hurkh.irt begins
the last week of her engagement in "An
Aunt's advice." a version of "Two Can
play at That Game." from the French of
Eugene Pierron and Adolph Lafferriere.
The Galiforrxia.
At the California Theater this evening
the Rays will give their last performance
of th. success. "A Hot Old Time." The
attraction has been doing standing-room
business.
The GKutes.
At the Chutes Free Theater the new
bill will Include Will Young, a ventrilo
quist; the four Sftlvinis, acrobats; the
Hartwell Sisters, singers and dancers; !
Robert Ellis, a tennr-robusto: Ada j
Sweeney in the latest ballads, and Joe, j
Ola and Queen Hayden In their really !
clever Chinese sketch. The smallest pas'- j
sender train ever built now takes chil- !
dren around the lake. To-morrow
("Dewey day") there will be a balloon
ascension.
Jhe Olympia.
The Browning sisters are the new fea
AMUSEMENTS.
. . _™ „_
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
I BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY
A wonderfully realistic representation of the
greatest ef-a battle ever fought.
The spectator stands near Dewey on the
I bridge, while the contest rages all around.
j Surpasses the panoramas of Waterloo and
GettyFburg In scojie and present Interest.
•
Market Street, near Eighth.
I OPEN DAILY FROM 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
j ADMISSION, 50c; Children, 25c.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, APRIL. SO, MONDAY. MAY 1, isr>3.
Grand Opening of the Swimming
Season.
OPEN NIGHTS THEREAFTER.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR PRIZES AND THE
ROYAL JAPANESE TROUPE in Their
Wonderful Feats. Commencing
at 2:30 p. m. .
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. Be.
Bathing, Including admission, 25c. Children, 20c.
DEWEY DAY, MAY Ist, CELEBRATION
AT
SUNSET PARK,
.vVV SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS. ■
Narrow-gauge boats leave foot of Market
street at B:4s sharp. Round-trip tickets, $1;
Children under 12, SCc XIM public Invited.
Tickets at Ferry.
ture at the Olympia. Other cards are I
Querita Vincent In new s-^iirs and buck
and wing steps; Dollie Mitchell, the dan
cing: souhr<nte; Ed Nolan, the comedy ;
acrobat, and AKnea Castro, the soprano.
This is what Franklyn Fyles has to
say about "In Gay Paree," the latest ■
thing from Paris: '
"A jovog Frenchman and a French pirl
are mated by their parents for marriage, i
In order that they may fall in love with j
each other before the wedding it is ar- i
ranged that they shall gro. under proper |
supervision, on an ante-nuptial t ;r
of Paris and its suburbs. The other fel
low whom the bride already loves and the
other girl whom the brideermm ah
Intrude themselves Into the singular
party. The exploits and misadventures ot
ustment of pairs
and two fin I of one. Inci
dents congenial to a Fn • -for
this pi( •• was of Parisian origin— come in
between the start and fini.-h. Some of
them bad been flagrantly Indej
doubt, as thej were still racy, at times
salacious, in th-^ English which Clay M.
Greene had written them Into. The bride
kept herself away from the bridegroom's
kisses, and with those of the preferred
young rpan. by prstsndiag that he was aj
pnyFlcicin whos<? treatment slit? ulred.
Many of the marks had double mean-
Ings, and others had only one apiece, that
one brinp indecent. Upon the basis of the i
French piece, a lot of jrlib verses by Grant !
Stewßrt. tinkling tunes by Ludwljj En- j
Slander and beautiful ballets by Carl j
Marwlg had been piled up. and the whole !
had beer, assimilated by George W. j
liedcrcT Into a Casino kind of affair. I
Nothing more sensuous had ever been J
presented on that stage uf audacious ;
sightliness."
The revival of the works of Dumas
AMUSEMENTS. H. • '-
COLUMBIA THEATER.
i TO-NIGHT Last Time,
ROLAND REED in
THE WRONG MR. WRIGHT
Boplrning MONDAY
Second and Last Week.
AcecmpaniPd by [SADORE RUSH
When he will present the Eccentric Comedy,
THE
WOMAN - HATER.
BY DAVID D. LLOYD.
REED AS THE MISOGYNIST.
REED AS THE BIGAMIST
REED AS THE TRIGAMIST.
REED AS THE LUNATIC.
May x Charles Frofamai Company In
"ON AND OFF."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
to-night! mm
LAST /?/iyc/
TIME. IIMI *^«
' In Their Great Hit,
A HOT
OLD TIME.
TO THE PUBLIC
LOOK OUT FOR
THE GIRL WITH
THE NOD AND WINK.
SHE APPEARS ON AND OFF!
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY, t SUNDAY, airl a MONDAY April
Ktth, and May Ist.
TWO PHENOMENAL STAKES!
RESERVE AND CLASS EVENTS.
$1552— PRIZE JMONEY ! — $1552
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets, Satur-
day, 10:40 a. m.'and 12:55 p. m.; Sunday and
Monday. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
ilfth and Valencia streets five minute* iater
returning from parK immediately after last
course. Extra train from park on Sunday and
Monday at 4:46 p. m. San Mateo electric cars
every ten minutes.
.'ADMISSION, 25 CENTS. L.ADIES FREE. ■
(pere) continues in London, whore, in the
Adejphi; a new version of "The Man in
the Iron Ma?!;" has necn produced with
■what is declared to be « marked success.
History is thrown to the winds for the
gake of melodramatic effect : and Mar
chialt; whore some theorists hold to have
been the twin brother of Louis XIV, is
made the hero. Xot only does he imper
sonate his brother upon the throne, but
remains to rule FranceJ the Kins having
been killed by mistake. Th( production
h;ts bec ; n made by Norman Forbes a
brother of Forbes Robertson] and Who
acts the titular role
new play produced in the savory the
ater Antoine of Paris is called "The New
Idol."' A physician', believing a young
woman is doomed to die of consumption.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SUNDAY. April 30.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
I dren, JOe, any fart.
SINEW/ EUROPEAN f->
NOVELTIES. C 3
GREAT NEW NOVELTY BILL!
! COMMENCING SUNDAY MATINEE. April 3fl.
Sprcial Engagement— Direct From Europe— the
Famous and Beautiful .
SISTERS
7
I Presentinsr the Charming Japanese Romance,
'THE WILLOW PATTERN PLATE." .:
The World Renowned
VALDARES,
Europe's Most Celebrated Trick Bicyclists.
Direct From Berlin.
T 4 he NELSON SISTERS,
' '. :-:'. !■-:'-; ■.■.'':-"■-» ■'■■ -V-.i- i
World's Greatest Lady Acrobats.
JOHN AND HARRY DILLON
-
The Author Comedians in New Parodies. ■
;
RIO BROS.
Aerial Ring Acrobats.
GEO.W.DAY
In Blackface Specialties.
THE JAGKLEY WONDERS
i Parlor Acrobats.
the ANDERSONS,
New Darktown Specialties.
Positively Last Week of
LILLIAN BUREHART A
In Miss Burkhart's Latest Comedy Success,
"JIT AUNTS-A DVICE."
SPECIAL ■ni?WG 1 V "HAY MONDAY,
MATINEE Uili WEI I UA I , MAY lit!
Parquet, any s?at. Cor; Balcony, Me; Chil-
dren, i"V any part
THE WEEKLY CALL,
$1 per Year.
I inoculates her for advanced scientific rea- ,
I sons, with. the cancer virus. Then he dis
covers that the consumption has been i
cured, but the cancer is bound to kill her. j
j Wherefore, to show there is no ill feel
i ing, he. also inoculates himself with the
I cancer virus lid the curtain falls on a
i cheerful but pathological situation.
N. C. Goodwin and Maxlne Elliott will
; present "The Cowbow and the Lady" in
London next June.
Rumor has been connecting Miss Olga
Xethersolo's me with the management
jof a theater. in New York. She will not I
1 take up the responsibility tor another sea
< son. at least, as she has been booked for
! another American tour -beginning early in
! the fall.
It is reported that the dramatists of Vi
i enna have agreed not to app.'iir before the
i curtain on lirst nights in order to avoid
| 'both the plaudits of their too zealous
admirers and the hooting and hissing of
their paid enemies, as well as of those
whom the piece has displeased."
"During one of my trips through Eu
rope." said Tim Murphy. "I found myself
in a small village with no razors. There
! was no barber shop in the place and I
; was in a quandary as to how I might get
i shaved. The innkeeper told me that there
j was a mar: in the village who occasion
l ally shaved people, and I determined to
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
EVERY EVENING AT 8.
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2.
TO- QJIL Tim e of the
NIGHT, 0411 l Smay
THE
A Tale of a Tea House.
THE SUCCESS OF THE YEAR!
HEAR THE POPULAR SONGS:
• "IF YOU WILL COME TO TEA. "
"CHON KIN A." •
•JACK'S THE BOY.'
■GEISHA ARE WE.'
%
PRICES ■■ 25 and 50 Cents,
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
*~~
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St., Cor. .Mnsoi.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
BIG BILL OF EASTERN SPECIALTIES.
THE BROWNING SISTERS,
Singing and Dancing Comediennes.
Cent::.. Success of the New York Sensation,
QUERITA VINCENT,
In Songs and Her Unique and Original Dances.
DOLLIE MITCHELL,
Dancing Soubrette. •.-' ;.. '-'--,■
ED. DOLAiN,
Irish Comedian.
AND GREAT SPECIALTY COMPANY.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now • open every Sunday during the season.
Music. Dancing-, Bowling, Boating, Fishing j
and other amusements. :- : :^\
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round i
trip, 2Sc: Children, 15c; including admission !
to grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tlburon ferry at 10:30 a. m.. 13:10
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
I1:1S «_ in.. L 3 and Z o. ill. 4
risk a cut or two and send for him. Th*
amateur barber arrived with his razor,
and after a little hesitation he said to
me:
" Will you please, sir, lie down flat on
your back while I shave you. sir?"
"Thinking that It was probably a cus
tom of the country. I stretched out com
fortably on my back and nearly went
to sleep while the fellow shaved me. so
light was his touch. When he had finished
1 arose and said:
" 'I am curious to know why you asked
m• ■ to lie down to he shaved?'
" 'Because, sir,' was his Ingenuous re
ply, 'I never before shaved a live man.' "
Under a shrieking caricature of May
Irwin in a recent Dramatic Mirror are
the following lines, headed "The Merry
May":
Fair woman is often a wit. of course,
And often she's clever, too;
But count up the humorous ones you know
And you'll find they're very few.
So take iff your hat and salute just one
As bright as the light of day,
The wonderful woman who makes us laugh,
The marvelous, mirthful May.
And ye who know trouble and care and tears.
Go bask in her cheery smile —
She'll make you forget how to sich and cry,
Sho'll reel your poor h'_'art the while;
And if there yet lingers a shade or so,
Just list to the lauiihin? May—
She'll sine you a s?ons as she only can,
And shadows are sung away.
i AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
EVERY EVENING AT S.
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY,
ELCAPITAN
The Greatest Comic Opera Triumph of Many
Tear?. Received Nightly by Crowded Houses
With Cheers and Enthusiastic Demonstrations
of Approval.
TO-MORROW,
r>EWF.Y DAY MATINEE.
DEWET DAT MATINEE.
DEWEY DAY MATINEE.
OT'R OLD PRICES 23 AND 50 CENTS).
AT rA7AD the home
}\l^^l\ZL,}\\\ of COMEDY.
THIS SUNDAY EVENING.
DEWEY MATINEE TO-MORROW.
The N. Y. Madison Square Theater's Most
Successful Play.
CAPTAIN SWIFT
15c, 25c - ■ RE E E A R T V ED ~- 35c, 50c
MONDAY, MAY S— First production of Clay
M Greene's farcical comedy,
HIS JAPANESE U/IFEI
| ~ CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Visit the Funny LONDON MAZE.
See LUNETTE the Hypnotic Marvel.
The Smallest Passenger Train
.In the World Now Running.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
? BALLOON ASCENSION
"Dewey Day" by
MARKEBERG I
GLEN PARK!
TO-DAY, SUNDAY,
FINE PROGRAMME.
VAUDEVILLE BILL,
I VAUDEVILLE BILL,
PIGEON RACE,
CONCERT.
ADMISSION, lCc.
DEWEY DAY, MONDAY, May 1.
GRAND PATRIOTIC CELEBRATION BY
THE PUBLIC SCHOOL CHILDREN.
ADIIIS3IQN. 23c . Public School Children and
Parents Fre«. .
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
BUMMART OF THE MARKETS.
To-morrow a holiday.
Silver lower.
Mexican Dollars weaker.
Sterling Exchange higher. ; ;
Bank clearings continue to gain.
Wheat and Barley quiet. ' .
Oats higher and very scarce. .
Corn and Rye unchanged,
Free experts of Flour.
Beans and Seeds dull. '
Hay negle* ted
Feedstuffs urn-hanged.
Potatoes and Onions quiet.
Butter, Cheese and Eggsunchaiifrcl.
Poultry nominal. ■ .
Larger receipts of Fruit.
Apricots appeared.-
Prune crop light everywhere.
visions unchanged.
Another advance In Hogs.
APRIL COINAGE.
The coinage of the local Mint for April was
$4,120,449, Including $3,420,000 In double eagles,
$170,000 In half eagles, $2s4,o'V> In silver dollars.
$171,000 in half dollars, $50, in quarter dollars
an<l f2."i,i4:> in dimes.
TO-MORROW A HOLIDAY.
The Governor having declared to-morrow a
holiday, business will be suspended throughout
the State. .
produce exchange sales.
Produce Exchange sales on rail In April
■were 1<3,.">"0 tons of wheat and 45.400 tons of
barley. For the first ten months of the crop ]
year they are 1,006,900 tons of wheat and 33K,400
tons of barley.
HANK CLEARINGS.
I-rfva! bank cleavings last we ' were $19,
--836,315, against 117,050.251 for the same week
Jast year. Fur the month of April they were
JTfi. l«.7f>3, against $>57.726.39fi In April, l.v'S. For
the first four months of the year they -were
J256.517.551. ai;ainst $263,194, 188 for the sumo
time in IS9S.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian- Pacific Time.)
SAN' FRANCISCO, April 29, ." p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
Last This Last
Stations— : i Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka iUH> 32.09 51.29
H"ft out 0.00 15.51 12.71
Sacramento O.i-O 13. 52 8.87
San Frnn.-isc-.i O.IK) 15.94 7.7.')
Fresno 0.00 6.93 4.16
San Luis ( "bispo «i.m) lti.iitS 6.08
Los Ang-les (UK) 4 HI 5.2S
?an Diego P.f-0 4. 53 4.19
Turns 0.00 134 1.6S
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, r>o; mean. 56.
"vVEATHKU CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally fair over the south
ern hall of the coast, hut raining from Fort
1 "an by northward.' A storm of moderate energy
overlies WashlngtiSn and Oregon and may cause
lain along the coast if Northern California
Sunday. The pressure continues to fall from
Portland northward. The temperature hat
risen slowly over California, except In the
San .!.->d.imn Valley, where there has been a
marked rise Frost was ported at Fresno
this morning, but the maximum temperatures
throughout the valley are near — degrees.
Snow is falling In the mountains of Arizona
and Flagstaff reports a temperature of US de
grees
Hlgh winds from the southwest are reported
at Fort Canby and Neah nay.
For- made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending at 11 p. m.. Api 30, W9:
Northern California— Pair Sunday, except
showers along the northern coast: westerly
winds In the south; southeasterly winds In the
Southern California— Fair Sunday.
inda • .
■
Arizona — Cloudy, warmer Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
north wist winds, (hanging to southerly.
ALEXANDER Me A DIE,
K..r.- am on
EASTERN MARKETS.
NKW YORK ST<X - K MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 29.— The market was
heavy practically all day. and while a number
of material recessions appeared '.he general rail
way it-Ms suffered, but fractionally. Stocks
affected by the bill taxing corporation fran
chises in thl? State suffered the most. Metro
politan lost over .'i points, Brooklyn Transit and
Consolidated 'las nearly i. Manhattan a point,
but Third Avenue was an exception, rising 2
points on small dealings on expectation that
that company would biJ for the underground i
franchise. The traders were early sellers in
expectation of .1 bad bank statement, but they j
ccvered when it appeared showing small !
changes, the reserve increasing one and one- 1
third million dollars and loans decreasing about i
half a million. The absence of commission |
ruifllness and weakness of looal stocks caused !
the maritft to ease r.ff again, closing weak. |
London «a.< a purchaser of a moderate amount
of slock. Among the strong spots were ("ana- j
dlan Pacific and Colorado Fuel, which advanced ?
4\! and :: respectively. Practically all the in
dustrials were w.-;ik.
Stocks gravitated to a lower level this week,
with a considerably diminished outside demand,
und such chansrtt as did wcur were mostly
In tor.uaratively Inactive stocks. March re
ceipts tor many railroads, covering as it did
a j>erii"i Dt' unfavorable weather conditions,
genvm'ly showed results low expectations.
The h. weekly returns appearing lor April;
on tht oi!vr hand; exhibited un Increase In
trar:! . Tin- mir!ng desire of the FillpiniH lor
a cessation of hostilities left very little
doubt in the Speculative mind that an ultimate
favorable conclusion would be reached within
a reasonable time. At the same time no ap
prehension attended the possibility ■'! a diplo
matic strain with (iermauj owing to the wide
publicity given, the remarks of United States
naval officers as retards the situation in
Samoa and the Incidents attending the opera
tion? of t!:e naval fore?* at Mdnila.
Thi 1 money market was variable, with in
creased strength in the latter part of the week
In Anticipation of May dividend and interest
requirements and the necessity of fl'.ianr-lng
tin* Amalgamated Copper Company and other
Indurtrlulx next week. Sterling exchange wa.->
Btrons in reflection of London's sales, par
ticularly Anifimda mining. The Spanish In
demnity is yet to l>e arranged for, so authori
ties believe *xportfl of gold are not anticipated
while call ... .ii. rules In New York at al«.nit
double the London figure, unless F.ngland
si: ul r-tur:i to America other large holdings
ol American mocks.
The I ii.;. clearings decreased compared with
last week; reflecting the rart that speculation
in stocks diminished to little over ."i.fcuO.OOO
■shares during the week, but the general bust
ness or the country continued large and trade
reports recorded no check to the expansion in
bUslneßß activity Silver certificates, aftt-r a
long period of comparative Inactivity ruse 3
cents to fijc, and closed only i cent lowpr.
The price attained for the white metal was
the highest in over two years, and the certifi
cates traded in represented 354.0*1 ounces. The
trading In Anaconda Mining, which made a
net rise of .- ! _.. only Tour points below the best
reached nearly 200,000 shares. The strength
In this stock was associated with the an
nouncement of the Incorporation of the new
copper "trust." which waa to embrace this
company. If the trading In Anaconda, together
with the "Qreen" industrials and local stocks
be subtracted from the total. It .would be
*een that the* trading was very narrow, and
that the standard shares were much neglected
Crew uncertainty, together .with the decrease
of $117.0<)0 in Burlington's surplus earnings for
March, left the grangers fractionally lower
The professional clement Is largely bearish on
certain stock which have experienced an un
usual rise, while the rank and tile are gen
erally disposed to hold tenaciously, to the
stocks on the belief thaf the present market
Is but a halt.' and that bullish enthusiasm
will arise stocks from their lethargy if boun
tiful crops are'assured. Tor the week the Iron
ami steel shares were Irregular to th- extent
of a point or so. Important changes now
hitherto mentioned are: Advances Ave
nue, 10: Canadian Pacific. ■••■,; Minneapolis
and St Louis, olj; do second preferred 4'i
Declines- Metropolitan, H%; Tobacco, ■!■-.; Man
linttan, 4 1 *. and Delaware and Hudson and
Brooklyn l : nlon fours. 3V*.
Operations In bonds during the week were
on a large scale and many of the medium
priced issues made handsome advances The
fact that several States have law* Impending
or enacted permitting savings banks to in
real In certain high-class railway bonds has
tended t.i enhance the value or such mort
gages. Speculation generally, too. was strong
and confident, the absence of real stringency
In the money market forcing th- employment
of idle funds into mortgages which return a
fair rate of Interest. l.'nited States twos
registered advanced : .. the new fours regis
tered '«, and do coupon and the threes regis
tered '«, In the bid price; the old fours coupon
declined '„. .
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
2iin.B4fi shares, Including: American Steel and
Wire, 11.000; American Sugar. 19.800; Ana
conda. 12,000 Atchison preferred TWO; Brook
lyn Rapid Transit. 51.200; Brooklyn Rapid
Transit, rights, Mud: Burlington 51,800; Chi
cago Consolidated Traction, 4000: Colorado Fuel
and Iron, 41"0; Consolidated i !as, 3800; Conti
nental Tobacco, 5200; Federal Steel, 4100; lowa
Central. 2.W; Louisville and Nashville. 3400;
Manhattan Consolidated. SoWi: Metropolitan
Street Railway, "200; Mexican Central. 8400'
National Steel, 2100; New York Central, 6200;
Northwestern, 7200; Northern I'aclHc\ 5000-
Pennsylvania Railroad, 2600; IVople's Gas'
2800: St. Paul, 4800; Tennessee Coal, 3400; Union
Pacific, 3500.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlsoi '. 2O'-i | Do prefd 33'-
Do prefd 80%; St Paul J27'4.
Baltimore & Ohio. 72% Do prefd lei)",;
Canada Pacific — 9&' i St P & Om '■'.*.,
Canada Southern.. s"^ Do prefd 170
Cent Pac 51H So Pacific 33%
i dies & Ohio 27. Bo Railway -. 12%
Chi & Alton :>;;, Do prefd \. 33%
CM H & Q.. ...... 143 Texas & Pac ...A. .'.'.,
; Chi .M- X in 78 Union Pae 1>; ! ,
! 'Do prefd ...122 Do prefd- . .'"»
' '•■•■ in.; <<• L «10 r i' d .<■ G.. ..'.... 12
! Do prefd ........ 45' •• V.'al.ash si 2
1 Chi & N \v iG'i'.. Do prefd l':: 1
• 'Do prefd 193 Wheel & L X. ...... 13%
C C C. & St L 60 f Do prefd 34
Do prefd 97 ; Express Companies—
Del & Hudson 121 'Adams Ex ...113.
•li-l '. A W 171 'American Ex 140
Ivn a Rio G . ... 84% United States .... 51
Ito prerd 78%| Wells Fargo 126
Brl« new 13?j Miscellaneous
l»o let prefd .... 37' i A Cot Oil 371;
Pt Wayne IS4 I Do prefd .: 'M'i>
'It Nor prerd ......191 lAmn Spirits* 13%
110.-i;in«r Val 10% Do pretd 37 " I
Illinois Cent ......117 An Tobacco 219 I
Lake Krie & W.... 17>il Do prefd 143 i
Do prefU 69 .Cons Gas 1!'O
Lake Shore ...,...2uO Com Cable Co- ....150 '
f-oiiis ,v Nash 67% Col V & Iron 52*/ i
! Manhattan L 1194 Do prefd kin -
. Met St J'.y 242 On Electric IM%
iMi li Cent 113 Haw Coml Co ....114 |
j Minn A- St L 81 Brooklyn R T....b"1'.
I Do Ist prefd 101 'Intnl Riper :■:>'••
Mo Pacific 49'{i Do prefd 85
Mobile & 0 4:. Laclede Gas ... :>3'£
Mo X & T 12T* Lead S3<,
I Do prefd 3S*;I Do prefd 113
I N .1 central ......120 Nat In Oil 3'i
x v Central .. i.>', Pacific Mall M ■
N V Chi & st L.. IJ\lPeop!e's Gas i::
Do Ist prefd .... 66 I Pullman Pal 161
Do 2d prefd .... 32 [Silver Cert 63 |
Nor West 2P. -Standard R & T.. 10
No Amer Co l! i; Sugar 168%
No Pacific 33 I Do prerd 117
Do prefd 78 IT C & Iron 314
Ontario & W :'•:•* C 8 leather 64
Or i: & Nay m ! Do prefd 72»i
Or Short Line 41% i; s Rubber 53
Pa* Const Ist pfd. 85 C Do prefd lloU
Do 2d prefd .... 58 West Union  92Vi
Pittsburg 184 Amn S & W C 0.... 68%
Reading Z2'4 Do prefd 9V*
Do Ist prefd ... B4U Fed steel **',
ROW 34 " Do prefd $«
Do prefd Til.. Pac Coast 60 :
Rock Island 116% I Nor & W prefd... 6nsJ,
St~L A- S F ll'jlColo Southern .... 6<i
Do prefd 71 I Do Ist prefd .... ."Mi
Do id prefd .... 3.S>.;| Do 2d prefd .... 20%
St L & S W J4'it
CLOSING BONDS.
I' S 2s reg [00 i 66 '""> p»inun N V 'I i
Do la reg 107% N V Cent lots 114'/.
Do 3b coup 108% S .1 Cent gen .119
Do new 4s reg...l2!>» No Carolina 6s 127
Do new 4s coup... 130 Do 4s 104
Do old 4s reg....112'; No Pacific lsts 120
IK) old la coup..-. 11314 Do 3s tiMi
Do at rrg ill*; Do 4k 10»V»
Do 3s coup 113 N VC& Si I. 45...H)7'»
Dlst of c 5.65 a 117 Nor & \v con 45... 95%
Alabama class A. .110 I Do gen 6c ISO
Do class B 110 Oregon Nay :sts...ni
I '■■ class C 100 Do 4s 103%
Do Currency 100 Oregon SL 6s I3IU
Canada So 2ds 111% Do con Cs 112' 4
Chea & Ohio 4',is.. :>.. j ßeading gen 45.... ssi^
-"»s US Rio G W l«1s.. . 97^
Chi «v N W con 75. 144 st I. « S 1' gen 6s.l2t'i
Do S F deb 55.... 123 St Paul con !■;-■ .
Chicago Term 45. .100 St PC & P lßts 122V4 '
1 >-:i & Rio <: 1et5. .108% Do 5s 122%
Do <« 102% So Railway 5s ll" ! '
E T V & i; 15t5. ...103 Btai I R £ T 85... 89
Erie gen 4s 72% i>nn new set 35.... 87U
F W & D c lsts... Si% Tex & Pac Ist.- 11:,
Gen Electric 5b... .113 . Do Ms h'M
<: H & B A 6.« in Tnlon Poo 4s 106%
Do He 111% V pD & <; lsts... >i i
' ! & T C r,s 111% W'abaa.h Ists 117%
I '■' con 6s 112 , Do 2da i<k>
lowa Cent lsts 11l West Shore 4s IH>..
X C ]' ft « lsts... 67% \Yi* Cent lsts 70 "
La new con -Is lib |Va Centuries H
( M X & T 2d5...... 67"i L Do Deferred.. . Si
EH> ** 91*1 Colo Southern 45.. >:■ .
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar SO Ontario 9 50 I
Crown Point 1 OS Ophlr -1 "3
Ton Cal & V 1 70 Plymouth .... 10 I
Deadwood CO Quicksilver ... - 2 l.<)
Gould & Curry 35 Do prefd s3O
Hale .<• Nor toss 20 Sierra Nevada 8.",
Homestake 55 00! Standard 2 ("
h^n Silver "ijl'nion Con. .'.'.'.'.'.'.'. " 40
Mexican 55! Yellow Jacket 4.1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money— Ed Rle Tel . 198
Call loans 3'i-ii4'.i Gen Elec prefd r.
Time loans 3 ><\ Atch prefd m\
Stocks— | Bonds—
Atch Top & st Fe. 20VAtchlson 2.!- . 10i)%'
Amer Sugar 168% Mining Shares—
Do prefd n< lAUouez Mm Co .... m;
Bell Tel iioi [Atlantic 34
Boston .< Albany. .2s7 Boston & M0nt....353
Boston ft Main.- 182 Butte & Boston - .102
Boston L 'alumet ft Hei-|a..M'.
Chi Bur & Q 143 L'entennial it
Fitchburg 121 , Franklin 27
Hen Electric 119 01,1 Dominion 4SU
Federal Steel . 6S'4 ' - ,la . . . 9r.
Do prefd st; Qulncy 165
I Mexican Central,. Tamarack 230
! ►Id Colony 210 Wolverine .. .-. 47
] Union Pacific 46'j Parrott ««i^
I West End 93Vi Adventure 13
I>" prefd HI .Wlnona 1«
Westingh P3ec 51 i Humboldt I*4
Do prefd 64' v Union I.and 10 '
Wls c,. ml
NEW YORK'S FINANCIAL CONDITION.
NEW YORK. April 29. -The New York
Financier says this week: The New York
banks are still accumulating idle reserves, the
j total surplus, according to the current exhibit '
! footing up $25,324,675. The factors which were
1 prominent In the previous statement are still
jin evidence. There has been a further de-
I emasi' In loans, the loss of $385,300 being much
■ less, however, than reported for the week end
! Ing April 22. Deposits have fallen off $804,300,
I and as cash increased over $I.QGO.i»IO. the sur
| plus expanded t1.348.775 The statement is '
j much Letter than bad been looked for. Known
! operations for the week with the sub-treasury
result*,! in a loss of more than three and a
half millions to the banks, and this more than
offset the estimated gain fiom the interior
As II transpired, however, the bank aver
| age.s disclose a better ending for th* week.
it is Immaterial whether the actual condition
of the clearing Institutions Is reflected in these
averages, since the tendency In money affairs
la favoring a continued (low of funds to this
i center and In ■ broad sense gains are to be
j expected from this time on. Whatever money
; the banks lost to the sub-treasury during the
I past few days will probably be very much
1 more than recovered through Interest disburse-
I merits and other payments beginning May 1.
Of more Interest than the bank averages Is
the condition of the exchange market, which
is working toward a high level, with the
I probabilities of a still further advance. The
! quotation is now very near the exporting point,
hut that gold will rlow outward is regarded
us extremely doubtful by interests In b posi
tion to know. Money rates abroad do not en
. courage such a supposition, but it will be
I recognized that fluctuations In our domestic
: rates will react sensitively on extreme quota
. tlons. Despite the rise in exchange, which
I on the surface Indicates a liquidation of trade
I balances, the facts go to show that Europe I
! Is still a debtor to the United States, and
I future operations leading to a transfer of gold
I will mean something entirely different from
j the causes which set into motion these forces
In the past.
THE LONDON • MARKET. j
1 NEW YORIC. April 29.— Commercial Ad- i
| vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here opened dull to-day on the
announcement that the Government has rep
; resented to the Transvaal authorities that the
dynamite monopoly Is a breach of the con- ;
! vention. They hardened later on the reported
. Anglo-Russian agreement on* Chinese railways, |
Americans were stagnant, averaging within a
fractional range. Coppers were strong on the
Incorporation of the combination. Arbitrage
houses are buying freely. Anacondas were j
103 9-16; Tlntos, 49 (a fresh record); I'tahs, 10%.
Money was hard.; Sliver was 'Vlietly firm.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 29.— Canadian Pacific. 974:
Northern Pacific preferred., Sl'/t: Union Pacific
preferred, ""I 1 *: Grand Trunk. s'/». Bar Silver, I
uncertain, 28^ic. Money, I** per cent.
NEW YORK ; GRAIN, AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 39— FLOUR— Receipts,
36.000; exports, 7342 barrels; quiet but steady.
Minnesota patents, $3 90^4 10; Minnesota bak
. ers. Wat 20;- winter patents, $3.7594 10; winter
straights, $3 55ftaSf 65; winter ' extra, $2 t'.o'UM;
! winter low gradPs, $2 4.Vjj2 m.
WHEAT— Receipts, 9250 bushels. Spot, firm;
No. 2 red. SlVic.'f. o. b. afloat; 79c elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth,. 82V4c afloat 'to. arrive. op
tions opened steady on unfavorable crop news,
eased off under short selling, weak Southwest
markets and unsettled cable news, but finally j
recovered and closed firm at %c net advance, i
The late improvement was on covering stimu- I
' lated by new crop-damage news. May, 77',.; !
77%. ■. closed 77% c; July 76»4<&77 I <.e closed 77% c; :
September, 7. > T iia76H'C, closed 76% c; December,
7C = - 4 ((i77%c, closed 77% c
I HUPS— Dull; Pacific Coast 18M crop, G(s7c;
1897 crop. ll{(13c; 1898 crop. I7@lßc. | State, com
mon to choice, 1898 crop, E@7c; 1897 crop, ll@)13c;
IST>S» crop. l«£l7c.
■HIDES— Steady. California, 21 to 25 pounds,
: iß%c.
Wool. Dull. Domestic fleece. 17©22 c.
METALS brokers' price for lead is $4 in
and for copper 19%ei9%c.
COFFEE— options closed quiet, net un
changed to •". points higher. Sales, 500 bags.
Including March. $4 93. Spot coffee— Rio, dull;
No. 7 Invoice. 6Vic; No. 7 Jobbing, 8%o; Mild
■ quiet; Cordova, 13c.
.- ! OAR— Raw. firm; fair refining, 3 ?.-}i)r;
1 centrifugal. 96 test. i%c; molasses sugar'
4 l-16c; refined, firm; No. 6.4 9-16 c; No 7'
4'ic; No. 8, 4 7-H5.-; No. 9. 4%c; No. 10 4 5-16 c;
No. 11. 4',Jc; No. 12. 4 13-I6c; No. 13, 4%c; No! i
14, 4'.ic; mold A. '.'._..; standard A. .'.',.-; con
• fectK>ners>' A, 5%c; cut loaf. o?4c; crushed. 6%c
I powdered, '.-%<•: granulated, S%o; cubes. .".-«'■
BUTTER— Receipts. 3541 packages; steady.
: Western creamery. 14%017c; factor}'. 11%Q13%c
. EGGS— Receipts, 3079 packages; steady. West
j crn, 13Vi@13Hc .
• DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April 29.— California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED A Common, 7<g'S l / I
prime wire troy, B?4#9c; choice, 9@9?ic; fancy
»%©loc.
I'RT'NEH— 4V4®?'ic.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13V4®14c: . Moorpark, 14@
18c..
1 PEACHES— Unp*ele<l, 9®lSc; peeled, 2«®280.
THE SAX FT?AyCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 29.— Dhy weather and hot
winds In the winter wheat country, .with snow
and freezing weather In the northern portion
of the spring wheat region where seeding Is
In progress, started wheat firm., Free liquida
tion of May caused a weak spot shortly after
the opening, but the / market turned strong
again with professionals buying July. The
selling pressure m May was so urgent that j
the discount widened to l%c, and deliveries on '
May contracts next. Monday will be heavy. :
Reports of drought west of the Missouri River I
were numerous and. private crop advices bad.
May opened '...•'..- higher at 71%4571%c, de
clined to 71% c, advanced to 71% c and closed
with sellers at 71% c. July .opened Vi'&'sc
higher at 73(2j'73' ; ;e, .sold oil to 72%e, roee to
75%i{F7394c, and closed with- sellers at 73W.4J
73% c.
A large decrease in stocks and fresh demand I
strengthened .corn. Trading was—Heavy, prin
cipally changing May deals to July and Sep
tember. May closed %c higher.
Dry weather, a good cash demand and cov
ering helped oats. May left off a shade higher. |
Provisions ruled steady with' fair buying by
packers. Pork closed a shade lower, lard 2',ic
higher and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. —
May 71% 71% 71% 71%
July 73V4 73** 72% 73 1 -,
September 72 : s 734 7l 7 s 73 hi I
Corn No. 2—
May 33% "4 1 * 339 i 34l 8 i
July 34 7 -i ri' 4 34% 33%
September 03% 36 31% 85%
Oats No. 2—
May ....; 26% 26% 26',i 26%
July 24 24V4 23% 24' 4 j
September 22 22% 22 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 8 90 -8 95 8 90 8 92%
July ..9 10 9 17% 8-10 9 17%\
September .930 9 33% 9 87% 930
Lard, per 100 pounds- •
May 5 12% 5 17% 6 12% 5 17%
July 5 27 4 5 37% 5 27!* 5 32%
September ' .'. 12% 545 540 E45
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 465 465 4 62^ 465
July 4 82% 486 4 S2>. 4 :>5 |
September ....4 95 ' 5 02% 495 5 »2>i
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; winter patents, $3 50^3 60;
straights, $3 20@3 30; clears, (3^3 10; spring
specials. $4 mm 1 25: patents, $3 3O'f/3 70; !
straights, $2 80^3 10; bakers', $2 20@S 50; No. 2
spring wheat, 71%@72%c; No. 3 spring wheat,
.;..: ., ,, 71 l ie; No. 2 red, 74%®76%c; No. 2 corn,
3414 c; No. 2 oats, 27027% c; No. 2 white, 30®
Mr; No. 3 white. 2\>\-'t >■',< . No. 2 rye, 59c; No.
2 barley, 37%@46c; No. 1 (lanced, $1 10; prime
timothy seed, $2 33; mess pork, per barrel, (8 90 |
(riS 95; lard, per 100 pounds, $•"> 15® 5 17 ! . short
rib sides loose, $4 50@4 ■•'. dry salted shoulders,
boxed, .'■.'« ' V: short clear sides, boxed, $4 I*3 j
if s 05; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon. $1 26; sugar, unchanged.
. Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 10.000
Wheat, bushels : 64.000 260.000
Corn, bushels 222,000 • 934,000
Oats, bushels 271,000 5(>5,0.i0
Rye bushels* 4.000 2,000
Barley, bushels 10,000 7.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet and easy: creamery, giiilGe;
dairy, ll@l4c. Eggs, steady: fresh, 11%#12c.
Cheese, weak; creams, H l ,jWl2'^c. ►
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. ** July.
Opening 0 S\i 5.7%
Closing j
PARIS FUTURES. .
Flour— ■ '■..--•■••* •■ April. Mfty-Aug.
Onening , 43 80 4:: 35 '
Closing '
Win It
Opening ' 20 B5 21 00
Closing .....
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April 29.— CATTLE— There were
not enough cattle received to-day to make a
market and prices were nominal.
IKiUS- The demand for hogs was good and
prices averaged 5c lower. Fair to choice,
$3 ■ /i"'.. heavy packers, $3 5.193 85; mixed.
$S 7<i'</3 »2«4; butchers. $3 706 3 95; 1 lit. $3 65@
3 95; pigs. $3 3503 SO.
SHEEP— Prices Of sheep were nominal, there.
lietng too small a supply to make a market.
Receipts— Cattle, 150; Hogs, 15,000; Sheep, ]
1000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 29.— Consols, 110 5-16; Silver,
2 i >* : d: French rentes, lOlf v -7'-..c; wheat cargoes
off coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on passage, '
firm: not active.
LIVERPOOL, April 29.— Wheat, steady;
Wheat in Paris, quiet; Flour In Paris, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d
ci.i 131NQ.
LONDON. April 29. — Wheat— No. 1 red north
ern Duluth. tlrni. 6s 3%d. Futures, quiet£
April, nominal; May, r.s %d; July. 5s 7>-d.
Corn Spot, quiet; American mixed, new, 3s
■ ii. September, nominal. Flour— St. Louis
fancy winter, (Inn. 7s 8d Hop- At London,
Pacific Coast, tlrm. £4 10»@£4 15s.
LONDON WOOL TRADE.
LONDON, April 29. Business In the Wool
trade during the week was quiet and firm.
The offerings of the next week's sales amount
to 61,300 bales. The arrivals to date for the
next series of auction sales aggregate 168,664
bales, Including 56.000 forwarded direct.
THE COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April £9.— COTTON -Steady;
In^m>[l!EANS. Apr,, 29.-COTTON-F,rm;
NKW ORLEANS, April 29.— COTTON Firm;
middlings, S U-16c.
SPECIE IMPORTS AT NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. April 29. The Imports of specie
this week were $20,326 gold and $24,257 silver.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. April 27.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California Cherries at auction to
day as follows: Black Tartarians, $2 87% to
$4 50; I apmans, $2 :!7'L-: Advance, $2 &7 1 ,-;.; Belle
de Orleans, $2: -Royal Amies, II 87%.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 S8
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — ' »5
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 0/' i
Fine Sliver, pel ounce — 62% >
Mexican Dollars ■•••• — ■"'
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT- Eastern markets were firm nt
a slight advance, with ho especial feature.
This market was firmer in sympathy, but quiet.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 06©l 10; milling. i
$1 : /..I 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. $1 14%; 2000, $1 14%. ■ n
Second Session December— ctls, $114%;
30,000, $1 14%; 6000. $1 14?;.
Regular Morning Session May— ctls,
$1 06%: December 8000, $1 14%; 82,000, $1 14%.
BARLEY— The market continues dull at un
changed limitations.
Feed. $1 02%@l 06; Brewing, $1 10121 12% per >
ctl.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— ctls, S7V 2 c.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99. new—
2000 ctls, s -7'-_-c; 2000, 87\c. May— 2ooo, $1 00'
OATS— Another advance Is noted and deal- I
ers are expecting a still further rise. as sup
piles are reduced to almost nothing. Oats
are scarce Up north, too. and are selling above
this market, which tends to cut off our usual j
supplies from that source.
Fancy Feed $1 47V4 per ctl: good to choice. i
II 40®l 45; common, $1 3301 37 1 -..; Surprise, $145 1
©1 SO- Gray. $1 35©1 40; Milling. $1 42%©1 47' 2
per ctl: Red, $1 32Vi<frl 17%: Black. $1 3(i'al 35.
CORN— Dullness still characterizes this mar
ket. Quotations show no change.
Small round Yellow, $1 30; Eastern large Yel
low $1 12%: White, $1 12*4; mixed. $1 06Vi@
1 10 per ctl: California White, nominal.
RYE— S7'4eSsl per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 19.04S barrels of
Flour. The ship Columbia took 18,982 barrels
for Vladivostok. ■
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 4003 30; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40<83 4.". per bbl for extra, !
$3 2r,(g:3 40 for bakers' and $2 30©2 50 for super- j
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham '■
Flour.- $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 73 per
100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra i
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75; '
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy., $3 25®3 50; Buck- !
Wheat Flour. $44/4 25: Cracked Wheat. S3 75;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels), ■■ $6 53© 6 95; In sacks, It 3.v»i, 75;
Pearl Barley, $3: Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay is still' in the dumps. There is no de- \
mand of any consequence and the tone of the
market is weak. *;T
Feedstuff* stand the same.
BRAN- Sir. 80014 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— r.0@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $23 50024 per ,
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 @3l 60; Job
bing $32f&32 f.O: Cocoanut Cake, $24i&25; Cotton- |
seed Meal. $2S@3O per ton; ■ Cornmeal, $23 500
24 SO; Cracked « Corn, $24®25; Mixed Feed,
$13 50@16 DO. ' ' ' •
HAY— Wheat. $12©13 for good to choice and
$10@ll for lower grades; Wheat -and Oat. $10®
12: Oat, $95311; Barley, $7@9; Alfalfa, $5 6007.
STRAW— per bale. . '
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Them Is nothing going on and quotations are
unchanged. ■*>->''
BEANS- Bayos, $1 50®! C 5; Small Whites, $:
©2 15; Large Whites, $1 5001 CO; Pinks, $1 Ss@ j
1 95; Reds, $3 50; Blackeye, $4@4 10; Butters, |
nominal: Limas. $4; Pea, $2 2oifi2 40; Red Kid- '
neys. $2 40@2 50 per ctl. - •
SEEDS— Brown Muatard. nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 2\(g3c; Flux. $2 15(32 25; Cannry Seed >
2'4'g-' |c per Ib; Alfalfa, 8%@9%c; Rape 2'/ & '
2»»c; Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy, 5®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75*12: Green. $2 10®
2 35 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES. ;
Receipts were 782 boxes Asparagus. 42S boxes
Rhubarb, 404 sacks Peas, 63 sacks Beans and i
400 sacks Potatoes. ; .'- ; ,
New Onions came in again. Old Onions are ;
scarce and firm. Potatoes are unchanged.
Vegetables show no particular change, except :
that there is a larger assortment on the mar- '
ket. Prices are generally sustained.
POTATOES— SI 40®l 50 per ctl tor Early Rose. :
$1 40W1 65 for River Burbanks; Oregon. $1 15® I
1 SO lor seed and $1 50@l 85 for large; New Po
tatoes, U4@2c per Ib.
ONIONS o©7s< for fair and Ssc@sl 13 per
ctl for good to choice; new 75c@$l per sack
for Red ana 75c per box for white."
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 73c(g$l 73 per box
for No. 2, 1202 25 for No. 1 and $2 50 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 40®75c per bex for the general !
run and S.'cfiH for fancy; Green Peas, ■."-.•/
3c for common and 4c for Garden; String
Beans from Los Angeles, 4@70 for green and
6@70 for Golden Wax; String Beans from Vaca
ville, 8@10c; Cabbage, $1 40; Tomatoes, $1 25Ca2 I
per box: Egg Plant, lo@l3c per Ib; Garlic, 20c
per Ib; Dried Okra, 15c per'lb; Dried Peppers,
10c: Green Peppers, 15@20p; Carrots, 25@3ic per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c@$l per
dozen: Sacramento Cucumbers. 40@50c: Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, . 10@12%c per ih.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry was nominal, as usual on Saturday.
The usual Eastern will be put on to-morrow
and Tuesday. : . :' :
POULTRY Live Turkeys, 14®15c for Gob
blers and 14-JIISC for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 73
<n2; Goslings. $2 23®2 50: Ducks, ?6@7 for old \
and $7 60^8 60 tor young; Hens, $4 30@a 50;
young Roosters. $7 50#9;' old Roosters, $t So^ j
5 50; Fryers, $6s/6 50; Broilers, $4 50@6 for targe, !
$2 S©@'3 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 sO'g2 per dozen
for old and $2©2 23 for Squabs.
GAMS— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $125 for Cotton
tails and {l for small. ■■,;:•>■
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Fancy Creamery Butter brings the top^quo
tatlon. ' Dairy grades are depressed. Cheese
continues weak.
Eggs are quiet and unchanged, though a few
fancy ranch still bring 17c.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 16%@17c; seconds, I
16c.
Dairy— Fancy. 15c; good to choice, 13@14«.c;
store, ll!S12c per lb
CHEESK ' h. .ice mild new, lOUfjile; old. 10c; I
Young America. ]I®l2c; Eastern, 14%@15c.
EGGS Quoted at i 1%@15c for store and lo '..
16V.C per dozen for ranch: Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 682 boxes Cherries and 415
chpsts Strawberries.
Apricots have appeared from Palm Valley,
Los Angeles County, selling at $1 per basket
or $4 '- per cxate of four baskets.
Gooseberries ahd Blackberries are coming In ,
every day now. Strawberries sold well In the
morning, but weakened off toward the middle :
of the day.
Cherries came in more freely and were lower
in consequence, though they cleaned up better
than of late.
There Is no change in Citrus Fruits.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
•Apples. $1 50(i?2 SO for fair to good and $333 50
for choice to fancy.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 25®50c per drawer ■
and 65'i»75c per box; Blackberries, $1 7."'r/_> per
crate: Strawberries, $4@B per chest for small I
and $3(fjf6 for large berries. v
Cherries, 60076 c for red. 60c@$l for white and
i\ 'i l 25 per box for black; extra fancy block
sold hi $1 50®] 75.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@3 25
per box; Seedlings, $l£i2: Mediterranean Sweets
$1 50572; Lemon?. Si 2.">4jl 50 for common and
>:■.!. 30 for good to choice; Mexican Limes.
$7; California Limes, 65<a8oc per small box;
Grape Fruit. $1 30(52 50: Bananas, $1 50@2 30 per
bunch; Pineapples, $2(5 4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Latest mail reports from France say that
the Prune crop will be only about 10 per cent
of the average, owing to freezing weather, and
that prices have advanced 10 franca per quintal
(112 pounds). The California crop runs from
a quarter crop In some districts to half 11 crop
in others, though it is possible that the loss
by the drop may not be so severe as now :
thought. More will be known about it later on
DRIED FRUITS Prunes, 7.- for 40-50's 5@
5%c for 50-60*8, 4©4% c for 60-70 ? 3',i@3 : sic for
70 BO's, 2%fq3\ic for 80-90' s, 2%®2%c for 90-100's I
and H'uL'V- for 100-110" Peaches, S',i#9',*c for •
good to choice, 10910% c for fancy and " - for
peeled: Apricots, 12'.'ni:«' for- Royals and ■ : I
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9<s9V4e;.sun ■
dried, 6V2<&'7J4c; Black Figs, sacks, 8%o; Plums
nominal 2c for unpltted and 41i^6c for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— for two-crown. 4->ic for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown. 4^ig6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS- Chestnuts, 7c per Ib; Walnuts, s®Bc
for hardshell, 10@llC for softsheli; Almonds.
s@9c for hardshell, 12@130 for softshell, 11.; ir,.
for papershell; Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern arid
!%@sc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50^5.
HONEY— Comb, lO@llc for bright and BSi'9c -
for lower grades; water white extracted. 'V ii
f%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, £Q3Hc
per Ib.
BEESWAX— 2S®27c per lb.
PROVISK »NS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Re per Ih for heavy.
SH<o9e for light medium, 10%®iic for Mght,
12c for extra light and U n '.iI:V for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Califor- J
nia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra ;
Mess Beef. $11; Family Beef. $16015.50; extra
prime Pork. $12; extra clear, $1S; mess, $16;
Sir.oknd Beef, lie per Ib.
LARD— quoted at CH ft :>■"■; c per lb for i
compound and "'■L-!S7^c for pure; half barrels,
pure, Etc: 10-|b tins. IT ..■; I ib tins, B«4c
COTTOLENE 6%®6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1 Ib pails. GO m a case. 9Uc;
3-lb nails. 20 in a case. "-'v: r"ih palls, 12 "in
a case, B%c; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case, B%c; 60-Ih '
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7"ic; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. B%c; fancy tubs. SO lbs net. 7T£c; half- '
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7»;e.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about Ie under the quotations. Heavy salted !
steers, 10c; medium. '.■■■/ -I'i-c; light, B%c; Cow
hides, 9c: Stags, 6©6'4c; Salted Kip, Be; Calf,
10c; dry Hide?, sound, lie; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15®15%c; dry Calf. 17. : '
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c .each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool,
90e@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $17502 25
for large and $1 for small: Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4V4©4V4c per Ib;
No. 2. B%@4c: refined. - — ; grease, 3c".
WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months, 7®9c; year's staple. ,;;,
Se; Foothill and Northern free. 10-?, 11;, ; Foot
hill and Northern defective. S@loc; Nevada
S«jllc. ■-••'■
Fall Wool s— ' J , : , [X, )
Northern Mountain ,;.6%!?rSc
Southern V....4'|(37e
Plains 4' @6c
HOPS— 1898 crop. 10911 c per Ib for ordinary
12^12V2C for good and ISQISc for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE!
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 5%c for June I
and July; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quentln ;
Bags, $4 95. •
COAL— Wellington, .sß per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, ii 50; Seattle
$6; Bryant. $6: Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $S GO in hulk and $0 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14-
Cannel, $s 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, In 100- Ib bags-
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5% c ; Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, sVic; Dry Granu
lated, 5'.(,c; Confectioners' A. »He; California
A. 4%c: Magnolia A, 4^c; Extra C. 4%c; Gold
en C, 4'ic; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels |
'4c more; boxes, %c more; 60-Ib bngs. %c more' •
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The scarcity In Hogs continues nn d 80rf ,3 sales j
at :. 7 «c are reported, though this figure is rather j
above the market The other descriptions are !
unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers- !
BEEF— per Ib.
VEAL— Large. 7c; small. 7H©Sc per Ib
MUTTON — Wethers, 7',4@Sc; Ewes, 7@7Uc
per lb. .
LAMB- Spring, B} ■'•/ 10c per Ib
PORK Live Hogs, vy,i-".-v 'for small. 5%c
for medium and ■;>..„"•,.• for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 4%#5c; dressed Hogs, 7'ijß' / ic.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, April 29. V
Flour, qr sks d.vbi Shorts, sks 12
Wheat, ctls 2LO Middlings, sks...'. • «j3O
Barley, ctls m Potatoes, 5k5..... 1,005
Oats, ctls... 170 Onions', sks :. '36
Corn, ctls 675 Quicksilver, ilk* 259
Corn, ctls, East.. WO Wine, gals 36.WK.
Rye. ct15.......... 550 Pelts, bdis ISO
Butter, ctls 313 Leather, r0115.... .;> M
Cheese, ctls 172 Bran, sks 2 SCO
Tallow, ctls. 26 Hay, tons '63
Limp, bbls • 140 Wool, bales • " 337
chicory, bbls 60 Eggs, doz. .-...23,290
Sugar, bbls 363. Hides, no 399
Sugar, sks 7.855'
, . OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 820 Potatoes 5k5..... 333
: ■ ♦ «
THE STOCK MARKET.
The feature of local securities was the Jump
In Hawaiian Commercial from $115 to $125 50 j
under a Blnsle saje of 20 shares. Paauhau j
Plantation declined to $41 7u and Hutchlneon
to $34 75. Oceanic Steamship advanced to
: " 50. Contra Costa Water was active at j
: (69970. Gas and Electric was steady at $70@ i
' 70 26.«
| Lower -quotations ruled for mining stocks,
| with a few exceptions. The telegram from the
pump Bald: "Elevator working steadily. Water
in the 1730 level winze Is feet 10 Inches below
the station!"
The Ophir.-.Best & Belcher and Occidental
, delinquent sales take place on Tuesday.
'.The Dexter mine of Tuscarora, Xev., made
a recent shipment of gold bullion valued at
85000 and 260 pounds of auro-cyanides.
The Republic mine In Washington has de
j clared a dividend of . lc per share, amounting
to $35,000.
The following local Incorporations disbursed :
' dividends during, the past month:
Name- ', . ■ Per Shr. Am't,.
Bank of California ..$3 00 $90,000
California Trust Company 1 50 15,000
Fireman's Fund In. Co 3 00 30,000
Pacific Surety Company l 00 1.500'
Gas Consumers' Association 15 2,035
Oakland Gas Company 25 7,500 j
Pacific Gas Improvement C 0... 50 . .16,000
Pacific Lighting Company IS 7,000
s. K. Gas and Electric 50 6.%. 2 12 .'
Stockton Gas and Electric 30 3,60i>
Marln County Water 75 4,500
Ban Jose Water 50 4.241
i spring Valley Water 42 58,800
California-street Cable 50 6.000
Market-street Hallway 60 111.702
Sutter-street Railway 125 25.000
] Alaska Packers' Association 75 36,000
Hutchinson Plantation 25 25.000
Paauhau Plantation 30 80,000
California Powder 100 16,000
i Giant Powder 50 10.000 I
Pacific Telephone 40 13.200
j Sunset Telephone 25 7.500
Oceanic Steamship 50 12,500
Alaska-Mexican Mining Co 10 18.000
, Alaska-Treadwell Mining C 0.... 37V4 75.000 i
Aetna Quicksilver Mining C 0... 10 10,000
I Argonaut Mining Co 10 20.000
| Grass Valley Ex. Mining C 0.... 25 7.500
Gwln Mining Company 25 5,000
Highland Mining Company 20 20.000
Homestake Mining Company.... 25 31,250
Homestake Mining Co., extra.. 25 51. 250
Jamison Mining Company ,10 11.700
; Morning Star Mining C 0...; 250 . 6,000
I Naps <'on. Q. Mining Co 10 ' 10.000
Napa Con. Q. M. Co., extra 10 " 10.000
New Idria Q. Mining Co 10 10,000
New Idria Q. M. Co.. extra 10 10.000
North Star Mining Co 25 50.000
: Pennsylvania Mining Co 6 2.575
Yellow Aster 10 10,000
Total 1933,988
A summary or the dividends for the month
compares as follows:
189S 1899.
Banks ...: $105,000 $105,000
Insurance 32.000 31*600
Gas 99,875 100.767
Water 77.74! 67.541
I Street railways 111.700 141,700
I Fish 38.000 36.000
Sugar 20,000 55.000
I Powder 25,000
Telephone 20,790 20,700
Miscellaneous 16.500 12 .".no ,
Mining 197,825 . 338,275
Totals $746,341 $933,985
, STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, April 29—12 m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Cent L<* P... 7 S
Is qua* coup.. — Equit G L Co. 7 i B'J
,4- quar r^K... - - Mutual El Co. 16-"- 8 lii 7 *
14s quar new. .129 130 Oakland Gas.. 45 46 1 -.
la quar coup.. — — Pac Gas Imp.. 53% — "
; Miscellaneous— ,p a c LCo 42',. 45
Cal-st Cab 65. 116 — 's F G & E. .. — * 70
| Cal Elpc L 6s.l2.Vii27Vi San Fran 3'>> 3%
IC C Wat ...11l — 'Stktn Gas 6«. — 13*4
Dup-st ex c... — — insurance—
E I. & P 65. ...130 ISS Film's Fund. 22o —
K&-Cl Ry fi;..11« - Bank Stocks—
Geary-st H ss. — 100 Anglo-Cal .... — 67%
•I >■ & S ."■'.- 10214 — Bank of Ca1..257*4 —
L A Hy 50....105 1054 Cal 8 D & T. — 98%
,LA LCo 65..101V4 — First Nat10n1..220 —
Do gntd 65.. 101*4— ; Lon P & A... — 131*
Market-at 65.. .128 — M,. r Exchange — IS
Do Ist M 55.116?i117V2 -N ev Nat 8k..180 —
NCN Glt Tb.lOS - Savings Banks— ' '; .
N li Cal 65. ..115 HS'i'Ger S & L... — 1630
, X Hy Cal 55... 118*4 113% Hum S & L..1060 1160
IN'I"C It It ss.l'JS — Mutual Say.. — 41*4
N PC It It 68.103*4103^ S F Say U.. 600 —
N Cal Rlt Ss.lOl — iP & L 50... — 101
Oak Gas 55.. .110 Hi's Security S B 300 350
Oni C Hy tis..lii*4 - Union T Co. — 1465
'I'& Cl By 6s. — 107% Street Railroads—
; I' <t O 6» 117 - California 114 —.;
Powell-Bt 05... — 122H Gears 1 ....-....: 574 —
Sac El Ry Rs. — - Murket-et 62T4 '..:'-
B F & N 1' ss. — 115*4 ' Oak R 1. & H. — —
g r & s .iv;.s.ii:,' 4 i!." ? .. Presidio 12 —
Siena Hi a I 69.108 — Powder—
S pof Ar 65..113 Vi — California .... — 190
i3P C6s (laO5)lll — X Dynamite... — 100
jHUtJ <l»0ti) — — Giant Con Co. — 71 i
SPC 6b (1912) — — Vlgorlt 2% 3
IBPC Is rg 53.105 — Mi»cur— .
ISl*Hr 6s — 124 Hana P C 0.... 17 IT 1 - j
! s V. Water 6s. — 117 Haw Cft s C.125 — j
; s V Water 45.104H - Hutch S I 1 Co. 34"* 35 |
' s v W4s<3dm).lo2';io2} 4 Puauhau ■s. P. 41% 42>i
Stktn Gas 65.. 101*4 — ! Mi«cHl»iiec>us
w ater Mocks— Al Pac Assn.. — lioi 2 ,
Contra Costa.. 6i* T , 70 Ger l.d \Vkß..li<»
Mann •'.. ..,. ■- Mer Ex As«n.. on . . .
; Spring Valley. lOpVi — Ocea'nlc'S Co.. 83*4 S4
f " Gas and" KieitriL— "" (*ac A F "A.:.. 1% -i\
Capital Qu... — — Pac C Bor Co. lll —
Central G Co.. — — Par. 1-alni Co.. 7*4 -
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Contra Costa Water 69 00
100 Contra Costs Water 6.< 75
450 Contra Costa Water 70 <M)
150 Contra Costa Water ' 69 7';
5 Giant Powder Con 71 50
; - 5 Hana Plantation Co 17 25
65 Hana Plantation Co, cash 17 111)
10 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 125 50
100 Hutciiinson s 1* Co 35 00
50 Hutchinson s P Co, li 3 35 00
195 Hutchinson s P Co 34 76
75 Hutchinson 8 I' Co 34 S7>i
2E Market-Bt Railway 62 75
200 Mutual Electric Light 16 75
$2000 N 1' C R H 5 per cent bonds 113 50 • ■
200 Oceanic S S Co 83 50
100 Paauhau S I' Co 42 00
330 Paauhau S P Co 41 75
400 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 00
50 S P Gas & Electric Co, s 30 70 00
' srt - F Gas & Electric Co, a 80 0 25
13 s' V Water 100 75
Street
$2000 \ PC H It .*. per cent bonds 103 00
20 Oakland Gas 45 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— ;- '
50 Contra Costa Water 68 25
25 Contra Costa Water 6S !." ..
25 Paauhau S P Co 42 50
30 Mutual Electric Light 16 7.",
20 Mutual Electric Light 16 87>4
i:. Giant Powder Con.. 71 50
10 Giant Powder Con 71 i.l I '-.
200 Vigorit Powder 3 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 13 100 Justice 23
100 Belcher 35 200 Mexican ;...... 60
1000 Belcher 36 200 Mexican ' 59
4111) Best & Belcher 58, 300 Ophir 1 30
10U < 'hollar 32 40tl Potoal 25
200 Con Ca! & V...1 SO 200 Savage 26 '
400 Con Cal & V...1 75 50 Sierra Nev 105
100 Crown Point... ») 300 Union Con -51 !
100 Gould & Curry. 38 100 Utah 11
200 Gould & Curry. 37
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday;
Morning Session.
700 Belcher 35, 200 Hale & Norcrs. 24
200 Belcher 861 600 Mexican ....... 60
300 Belcher 37' v 200 Mexican 59
700 Best & Belcher 601 800 Ophlr 130 .
200 Bost & Belcher 58 100 Ophlr 1 32Vi
200 Challenge Con: 34,' 200 Overman 14
200 Con Cal & V.T.I 75 200 Potosl 27
400 Con Cal & v.i 77',il 900 Sierra Nev 1 03
500 Con Cal & V...1 Sit I 300 Sierra Nev...l 02*4
500 Crown Point... 211 COO Utah 12 1
700 Gould A Curry. 38 500 Yellow Jacket.. 43 !
200 Gould & Curry. 37 500 Yellow Jacket.. 44
400 Gould & Curry. 39 300 Yellow Jacket.. 45
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, April 29-12 m.
Bid.Ask., Bid. Ask.
Alpha C0n...... 06 07lKentuck 04 or.
Aim OS 10 Lady Wash 01 02
Andes 12 13 ' Mexican 61 62
Belcher 37 IS : Occidental 34 —
Best & Belcher 59 60,Ophlr 130 135
Bullion 02 03, Overman 13 13
■aledonia .. 35 38 Potosl 26 27
Ihollar 32 31 Savage 25 27
Challenge Con. 33 35 Scorpion : 01 03 i
Confidence 73 81 , Seg Belcher. ... 04 05
Con Cal & V...1 80 1 85 i Sierra Nev 1 05 1 10 I
Con Imperial... 01 02, Silver Hill 03 08 J
Crown Point... 21 2ri Syndicate — o;> j
Con New York. 02 — Standard 250 — I
Exchequer ...:. 02 03 St I-mils 06 —
Gould & Curry. 38 39 ' Union Con 52 54
Hale A Norcrs. 26 27 Utah 11 12
Julia 02 03. Yellow Jacket.. 44 45
Justice 23 2.% I .. .
MINING STOCKS. "
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
Name of Stock.
M. T. W. T. IF. J S.
041 06 05] 06 | 06 06
08 10 09 ■10 OS; OS
12 13. .13 ,14 13 13
•37 40 ■37 ■39 ; 40 37
68 CO fill 6.". 63 CO
02 ; 02( 02 03 ' 03 02 i
27 28 .31 35 39 35 !
■32 35 35 39 38 33 !
34 .34 .33 84 35 33
1 6.1 1 90 1 80 1 35 2 00 1 85
-75 80 80 77 73 80
20; 22 22 ■23 24 23
; 39 M -40 -43 41 3s
25 26 24 25 26 27
i » -19 is! 22 25 23
57 60 60 64 65 61
1 15 1 2:. 1 80 1 40 1 40 1 35
12 12 13 '15 ' 1- 13
1• 84 33 33 34 34 3?,
1 26 26 .26 29 j . 29 26
28 30 ! 27 : 29! 27 : M
2 5012 50 2 50 2 7512 50 2 SO
i•MI 10 1 0011 05 in 1 .-,
52 64 541 .67 56 | 53
' 13 13 12 13) 13 1 12
I 42, 44; 43| 49| 48 j 44
Alpha
Alt a •••••
Andes ••••
Belcher
P.. -si & Belcher •'■
Bullion .: ...
Caledonia
Challenge • '••
i hollar
Con Cal A Va
Confidence .....'. I
Crown Point...." I
Gould & Curry .....
Hale & Not-cross
Justice ......'.
Mexican
Ophir •••
Overman ]
Occidental ..:
Potoai
Savnge .'.
Standard .'..
Sierra Nevada.. ;..
■Union
Utah
Yellow Jacket
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Margaret Irwln to Rose Crlglar, lot on N line
of Lily avenue, 165 W of Buchanan street. W
27:6 by 45; $1".
John W. Wlsstnger, Thomas D. and Rose A.
Rlordea to Agnes a. Foerster, lot on N\v cor
ner of Washington and Devisadero streets, X
02 by Wi 137:6; 810. ' j\"
Savage Estnte Company to Louis Friedlander,
lot commencing 110 S of Oak street and
58:1.4-10 E of Central avenue (Lott), S. 13 de-
I greea 45 minutes E 54:6, N 77 degrees 7 n^n-
I utes E 80:1%, N M degrees 9 minutes X 35:1,
N 54:1« i, W 121:3 6-10; also lot on rf line of Oak
street. 49:5 E of Central avenue (Lott), 1. 30, S
110, \V 21:3 6-10, X. 110:5; $2SOO.
Louis and Jennie Friedlander to Celine C.
M. Kenzie. same as first above described; $10.
Isaac Hyde (executor of the estate of R. B.
Woodward) to College of Physicians and Sur
geons of San Francisco (a corporation), lot on
I X line of Fourteenth street, 75 V of Jessie, X
I !*.') by E 50, quitclaim deed; ■
j Henry and Augustine Callleaud to Theophllc
\ and Marie Valsslere, lot on SW corner of Six
teenth street and Albion (Second) avenue, S
■ SO by W 21:9; *](>.
Stephen McNeil to Mary McNeil (wife of
Mary), lot on N line of Twenty-nlntn street,
316:11 E of Dolores. E 27:4 by N 114; gift.-
Lucius L. and Helen F. Solomons to Cathe
! rine Foye (wife of Henry), lot on S line of
i Day street SO E of Church, E 2t> by S 114, war
ranty deed; $10.
William H. Clary to Joseph Figel. undi
vided 1-16 of lot on W line of Thirty-seventh
i avenue, 300 s of B street, S 0:4 by W 240; 810.
Joseph and Isabel E. Figel to Thomas W.
I Fisher, lot on W line of Thirty-seventh aye-
I nue, 275:4 S of B street, S 25 by W 240: ill).
P. J. and Margaret A. Martin to Mary
Crofton (wife of Edward), lot on NW corner
of Twentieth avenue and M street, \V 57.6 by
x 100; $10. • :
Michael J. and Kate Con boy to Adolphe Scar
cerlaux, lot 816, Gift Map 1; $10.
Chester S. Smith to B. W. Foster, lot on X
I line of Gould street. 25 S of Paul. S GO by E
100, lots M and 27, block 2, Garden Tract Home
stead Association; $10.
Olive Verkouteren to Anna Buero, commenc
ing SO SW from Oneida avenue and 230 NW
Cayuga street. NW 60. SW 160 BE 65. XE ISO,
lots 2 and 3. block 15. West End Map No. 1: 870.
Ellen Folger (widow) to B. C. Austin (widow),
lot 352, Lone Mountain Cemetery; $10.
May and Philip Seldner (by H. M Covert,
commissioner) to Eugene CJauthier. lot on X
line of Webster street, 24:6 s of Bush, S 21 by
B 89:6: $4725.
Annie M. and Irvine Graham to Ixiuis X.
Vezlna. lot on W line of De Long avenue, 290:3
s of Waller street, S 25 by W SO; $10.
Ella Chlclovlch and Mary C. and M. J. Fot
; trell to Henry Callleaud. lot on SW corner of
Sixteenth and All. (Second) streets, s 80 by
W 21:9; $:»000.
Malachy Whelan to Hanora Whelan. undi
vided half of lot on W line of Guerrero street.
85 8 of Seventeenth, B 25 by W 80; gift.
Fernando and Julia a. Nelson to Elizabeth
Ahrens, lot on X line of Twentieth street, 100
W of Noe, W 25 by X 9S; 310.
Mary G. Coggeshall to George P. Morrow,
undivided half of City Slip Lot 65 on S line of
Clay street, 250 E of Drumm. 25 by 59:9; also
undivided half of City Slip Lot 86, on X line of
Commercial street, 2."0 X of Drumm, 25 by 59:6,
quitclaim deed; $500.
Presley C. Hyman (administrator of estate
of Presley W. Cohen) to same, undivided half
of tame (two descriptions); $■"•'".
George P. Morrow to Wickersham Banking
Company, all of same (two descriptions): $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Fame,
lot on S line of Clay street, 200 E of Drumm, E
75 by S 119:6: $10.
Mary 1. Harrison (wife of Robert J.) to R.
1). Fry. lot on S line of Bush street, 137:6 E ot
Kearny, E 34:4»? by S 112:6; also all other real
estate In San Francisco and city of San Jose:
also all Interest in estates of Ellen and Thomas
F. McXamara; $10.
Florence E., Alice M. and Henry S. Russ to
J. E. Hammersmith, lot- on X line of O'Farrell
street, 167 X of Mason, E 55. by X 137:6; also
lot on W line of Kearny street. 51 S of Pine,
S 86:6 by W 39:2; also lot on E line of Powell
street, 137:6 X of O'Farrell. E 137:6 by S 35; — .
G. E. Gordon to Elizabeth Hammersmith, lot
on X line of O'Farrell street. 200:6 W of Powell,
W 74:6 by X 137:6. quitclaim deed; $10 r .
• Elizabeth, Elsie and Alfred Hammersmith to
Rudolph Spreckels, same; $10.
Florence Hammersmith (minor) by E. Ham
mersmith (guardian) to same, same; $10,000.
W. II MeLaughlin to M, F. Mclaughlin, lots
228S and 2289, Gift Map 4; $5.
John W. and Birdie Zflckel (Fischer) to Ber
tha <'. Wat* (wife of Charles), lot on S line
of Sunnyslde avenue, 50 W of Baden street, W
25 by 100, lot IS. block 12, Sunny-side; $10.
J. H. arr.l Lulu P. Tucker to J. S. Angus. T.
G. Crothers and W. S. <", Ifellow (executors
of the estate of James G. Fair), lot on B line of
Ellert street, 200 k of Bennington, E 25 by s
87:6, lot 12. block 10, Fair's subdivision of
Holly Park quitclaim deed; $20. \ .-"
Hanora Whelan to Malachy Whelan. undi
vided 4 of lot on X line of Sixteenth avenue.
200 W of R street. W 50 by X 100. lots 39 and
40, Haley Tract, block 302. being lots 33 and 31,
OX. and H. Tract, block 303; gift.
Alameda County.
Union Savings' Bank to Katharine Kirk
'patrlck. lot on X line of Edwards street, 985
E of Telegraph avenue, E 30 by X 125, being
ft portion of lots 20 and 21, Pacific Theological
Seminary Tract. Oakland;^ $10.-
Sarah Burns to Emma Buttrlck. lot 18. block
4mi. Adeline and Market "'Street' Homestead,
Oakland; grant.
Vesta M Colby to Joseph M. Pedrini, lot 13,
block G; Roberts and Wolfskin Tract, Map 3.
Oakland; 110.
Albert and Emma Van Haltren to Harriet A.
Pearman, lot on XW line of Orange street, ■""
SW of Morrison place, SW 40 by XW W. block
13, map of lands of Oakland View Homestead
Association, Oakland; $10.
John F. and Maria S. Dlngw»-ll to John B.
Gray lot on X line of Lincoln street, GOO W of •
Summit. W 150 by X 100. being lots si to 62,
block D, new town of Lynn. East Oakland; $300.
Mary M. Soule to William F. Soule. lot on
E line of Sherman street. 250 s of Kings av
enue, S SO by E 150, block 3, property of Pacific
Land Investment ■ Company at Morton-street
station. Alameda; $10.
Sanders Susan to George Alp.-rs. lot on w
line of Louisa street, 120 X of Vine, N 60 by
W 135. being lot IS. block 4. Graves and Taylor
Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Abble L. and Frederic W. Jordan to Fred
erick II- Dakln, lot on X line of Vine street.
142.!i6 E of Arch. X 119.40, E 78.235, 3 113.66. vV
.'c to beginning, being a portion of Berkeley
View Homestead Association, Berkeley (except
a strip of 3 feet off W portion deeded to Wil
liam li. Maraton); $10.
Oswald and Louise M. Lubbock, Adele H.
Arnold. T. and Annie Haugnwort, Adele L.
Lubbock and George W. Arnold to Henry S.
Lubbock, all interest in lot on X line of San
Antonio avenue, 300 W of Walnut street, W 100
by N 150, being lots 2 and 3. block H. map of
property of Pioneer Homestead Association,
Alameda; 850.
Lillie M and Irving S. Watson to Judson H.
Edson. lot 18, Hamilton Tract, Oakland: $10.
Edward P. and Emma. P. Flint to Catherine
Kutzenbach, lot on E line of Falrmount ave
nue. 269.55 S of Santa Clara. XE 10, SE 160,
s\v 60.04 NW 125. X 82 to beginning, being lot
3, block C, Flint Tract. Oakland; $10. ■
Wolf-Wreden Company' of San Francisco (a
corporation) to Wreden-Kohlmoos Company of
San Francisco, lot on NX line of East Twenty
first street, 276 SE of Twenty-first avenue. SE
50 by KB 140, being lots 88 and 39, block 67.
Northern Addition to Brooklyn, East Oak
land: $10.
Margaret E. Altman to Home Building Com
pany of San Francisco (a corporation), lots 25
to 28, block <). subdivision of Fruitvule Ter
minal Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
G. F., 11. N. and M. E. Gray to California
Paving Company (a corporation), lot on X line
of Blake street, 92.23 W of Grove avenue, v. 50
by X 180, being lot 9, block E, Crystal Springs
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
California Paving Company (by Joseph
Bcbeerer, president) to Guy W. Monroe same,
Berkeley; $10.
Sarah L. Butters to Mary A. Boone, lot on X
line of Durant avenue, 209.06 \v of . Shattuck
avenue. W 125 by X 130. block 1. Parker Tract;
also lot on S line of Durant avenue, 449.50 W of
Shattuck avenue, W 75 by S 130, block 2, same
Berkeley; gift.
Robert B. Bain. Frank Harrold and W. S.
Dunlevy (trustees of Fruitvale ; School District
of Alameda) to W. Morgan, lot on SE line of
Adeline street, 243:6 SW of Monroe, SW 100 by
SE 159, block D. Oak Tree Farm Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Eugene P. Murphy (owner) with A. Lynch
(contractor), architects Shea & Shea. Concrete
work, asphalting, cementing, cement floors,
steps, curbing, etc.. for a 5-story and basement
fireproof building on XW corner of California
and Kearny streets, W 50:5 by X 35; $2455.
College of Physicians and Surgeons of San
Francisco (owners) with Siller Bros, (contrac
tors), architect Henry A. Schulze. Excavating,
grading, concrete, brick, carpenter's, joiners.
mill • work, sashes, doors, stairwork. black
boards, finishing hardware, door bells, glass
and glazing, fire escapes, marble and artificial
stone work, tinsmith's work, plastering, paint
ing, ventilators and clearing for a 3-story frame
building on XW corner of Jessie and Four
teenth streets, W 130 by X 95; $22,565.
Same owners with Ickelhelmer Bros, (con
tractors), architect same. Plumbing, sewer
ing, gas fitting and cleaning for same on same,
payments same, balance same, $!l.'.s 50; $4634.
Mrs. Bessie McKadden ■ (owner) with Hugh
Keenan (contractor and architect). All work |
except mantels, gas fixtures and window shades
for a 2-story attic and basement frame building
on X line of Haight street, 71:1*- E of Baker,
E 25 by 110; frame up $12.'.0. brown coated $1250,
completed $1250, 35 clays after $1500, total $5250..
Esther Hellman (owner), by Isalas W. Hell
man, attorney, with C. Chlsholm (contractor),
architect Julius E. Krafft. Excavations, car
penter, brtck, concrete, mill, tin and galvanized !
iron. work, lathing, plastering, glass, hardware, J
electric work and parquet flooring for altera
tions and additions to residence on NW corner
of Sacramento and Franklin streets, X 1-7 by
W 160; $3585.
Samuel Foster (owner) with Peacock &
Butcher (contractors), architects Percy & Ham- j
ilton. Excavating, brick, stone, concrete, iron, I
carpenter, mill and stair work, glass, glazing,
grates, mantels, tiling and electric work for a '
2-story brick building (stable and flats) on S I
line of Eddy street, 77:16 E of Webster, E 51:6
by S 120: $7786.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrosraphlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the beiVflt of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete Bets of charts and sall
lnf directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street is holf-ted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
en time or giving the error, if any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. O. B. N.. In charge.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Wafers at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high und low waters occur at
•he dry front (Mission-street wharf) about
1 twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
: the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, APRIL 30.
, Sun rises 5:14
Sun set? 7:00
Moon rises , 0:00 a. m.
I _ .
_ Time! Time Time Time
2. Ft. j Ft. I Ft. Ft.
■?HWLW H W L W
;
30... 1:51 5.7 9:10—0.6 4:34 4.8 9:14 3.3
1 ... 2:59 5.4 10:10—0.3 6:31 5.0 10:34 3.0
■ 2 ... 4:14 5.0; 11:10 0.0 6:21 5.3 11:50 2.5
j i ... 5:36 4.9 12:09 0.3 7:09 5.5
LWHW L W H W
4 ... 0:56 1.9) 6:55 4.8 1:05 0.7 7:49 5.7
5 ... 1:55 1.2 ' S:O6 4.8 1:66 1.0 8:28 5.9
6 ... 2:49 0.6 9:09! 4.9 2:39 1.4 9:06 3.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
1 day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
I t-eoond time column gives the second tide of
j the day. the third time column the .third tide
■ and the last or right hand column gives the
I last tide of the day. except when there are but
, three tides,, as sometimes occur. The heights
, given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
■—^— — — ~— ~
I
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 28, IMf.
The time ball on the tower nf the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. V. S. X.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
• Steamer.
From.
I Luella (Tillamook [Apl. 30
A. inchard... C - Bay Apl. 30
! Weeott faquina Hay Apl. 30
Progreso Seattle Apt 30
Aloha (Point Arena |Apl. 30
: Columbia Portland Apl. 30
Corona San Die«o JApl. 30
■ Curacao (Mexico lApl. 30
, Mackinaw Taeoma (May 1
t New-lung Grays Harbor May 1
i Grace Dollar.... JGrays Harbor May 1
■ North Fork IHumboldt May 1
j Queen [Victoria & Puget Sound 'May 2
] Pomona Humboldt May 2
! Bonita Newport (May 2
; Santa Rosa ISan Diego May 4
Point Arena Pi Int Arena May 4
Aztec China and Japan May '4
State of Cal (Portland 'May 5
Belgian King., china and Japan May 5
Areata .'.. iCoos Ray May 5
Moana ....(Sydney May 5
i Homer Departure Bay May 5
Bristol IDeparture Bay May 5
Empire Coos Ray IMay "
Washtenaw Tacoms (May 5
Coos Bay INewj May 6
Crescent City.. (Crescent City (May 6
1 City of Peking. 'china and Japan May 6
Czarina I'm;:- I Sound .' May 6
Walla Walla. ... Victoria & Puget Sound|May 7
Coquille River.. Harbor May 7
Alliance Portland May 8
Acapulco | Panama May 9
BTEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
, Coos Bay... 'Newport Apl. 30. ■> amlPler 11
I Areata 'Coos Bay... I A pi. 30, 10 am (Pier 13
| Umatilla .. Vie & I'st Sd. May l. HI am Pier »
] Corona Pan Diego (May 2. 11 am Pier 11
I A. I Humboldt May 2, 5 pmiPler 13
Columbia ..IPortland May 3, 10 am Pier 24
I Aloha Point Arena.. (May 3, 3 pm|Pier 2
' Bonlta (Newport (May 4. 9 amlPler 11
I Australia ..(Honolulu May 4. 2 pm'Pier 7
Pomona IHumbpldJ (May 4. 2 pmiPier 9
; Santa Rosa San Diego May 6, 11 amPler 11
1 Amer MarulChlna& Japan I May 6, 1 pmIPMSS
! Queen IVic & Pgrl Sd.lMay 6. liam'Pier 9
j Pt. Arena.. 'Point Arena. . May 6. 3 pmiPier 2
; Curacao ... Mexico [May 7. 10 am Pier 11
1 State Cal... Portland May R. in ami Pier 24
I Cityof Para Panama May 8, 12 m PMSS
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
i Saturday, April ?3.
] Str.ir Koyo. Johnson, 13 . hours from Fort
1 Bragg. ■
■ Stnir Progreso, Monroe, 3 days 17 hours from
j Seattle.
' ' Stmr Navarro, Higgins, 15 hours from Cas
par.
1 Bktn Wrestler, Nlelson, 23 days from Ka
: hulul.
; Schr Wing and Wing, Simm, 5 days from
Coos ! BJ .
< Schr Mary E Russ, Wikander, 6 days from
| Grays Harbor. i
S. iir Ethel Zar.e, Jacobson, 6 days from Olym
pia.
: Schr Eliza Miller, Christensen, 3 days from
Coos Bay.
i Schr Halcyon, Mellin. 11 days from Seattle.
CLEARED.
Saturday, April 20.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
I Perkins & Co.
Stmr I'matilla, Cousins, Victoria, etc; Good
| all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Mineola. David, Nanaimo: P I Co.
j Stmr President. Nelson, Bristol Bay; Alaska
! Packers' Association.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
I rkti - .-•
; Br Btmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; R
1 lunsniutr £•■ us Ci».
Tir stmr Athenian, Mowatt, Vancouver; C P
R it Co.
Bktn Gardiner City, Schmehl, Bristol Bay;
C I" Whitney & Co.
Schr John G North, Austin, Honoipu: Hind,
Rolph & Co.
Schr Eenterprise, Bergman, Bristol Bay; C
J Bergman.
SAILED.
Saturday, April 29.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, Ventura,
Stmr Greenwood, Faxerlund.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Point Arena.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Mineola. David, N anal ma.
Uktn Jane L Stanford, Johnson, Pact Sound.
Schr Berwick, Ostlin, Coauille River.
Schr Ocean Spray. Nyman. Iversens Landing.
Schr John G North. Austin, Honoipu.
CHARTERS.
The Irmsard loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Emma Claudlna loads wood at Eu
reka for Honolulu: Lillebonne. lumber at Grays
1 Harbor for Honolulu; Quickstep, lumber at
Grays Harbor for Santa Rosalia; Tyr, lumber
. at Port Blakeley for Newcnwanjj.
SPOKEN, v-'..
Per C F Sargent, April 25. lr.t 43.30 X, long .
144 25 W— Schr Sailor Boy, hence April 13, for
Kodiak
April 35 lat 60 N— Mr ship Clan Macpherson,
from Swansea, for Port Los Angeles.
March 10, lat 57 S, long 6S W— Br ship Bute
shire from Portland, for Queenstown.
April 7 la i 40 S, long 25 W- Br bark Inve
ramsay, from Antwerp, fur San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS,.
CRESCENT ClTY— Sailed April 2S— Stmr Cle
one ' for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— April 28— Schr
Volant from Ventura.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 2S— Schr Corona,
' from Port Gamble. April 29-- Schr Challenger,
I from Port Blakeley.
WESTPORT— Arrived April Stmr Albion,
■ hence April 27.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed April 29-Schr Guide,
for San Francisco.
NEW W'HATCOM— Arrived April 27— Stmr
Brunswick, hence April 23.
NEAH BAY— Passed April Bark Gatherer,
from Tacoma. tor San Francisco; Haw stmr
San Mateo. from Nanaimo. for Port Los An
'.V,\!.I.AM BAY— Sailed April 2S— Br ship
Orion, for Calcutta.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed April 29— Stmr
Queen, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 29— Ship C F Sargent, from
; Honolulu; bktn Retriever, from San Pedro
POINT REYES— Passed April 29— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 23— Stmr Willa
mette, hence April 27; Br stmr Glenogle, from
Tacoma.
Sailed April 29— Ship Spartan, for San Fran-
COOS BAY— April 29— Schr Gotama, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed April 29-Stmr Weeott. for
■ San Francisco; stmr Alliance, for Astoria- bktn
1 Uncle John, for Hllo.
Arrived April 29— Stmr Alliance, hence April
ASTORlA— Arrived April Scar Manila
hence April 28.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CORK-Arrived April 28-Br bark "*•*«».
: car, hence Dec 26 «k»»
I.IVKKPOOL-Arrlved April 27-Br ship Way
farer, from Tacoma.
S PANAMA— Arrived April 13— Stmr San Juan
from chaniperlco; stmr Costa Rica; hence Mar
23. April 16--Stmr Acapulco. hence March 20
SANTA ROSALIA-Arrtved April 2^Schr Jo
seph Rush, hence April 4.
: ENSENADA-Sailed April 29-Stmr Curacao • E
for San Franelnco. •
.- H 9! ;' iK " N '' r Arrived prior April 20— Br stmr
C«rltßle , City, from r , San Diego; Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Oregon.
QCEENSTOWN-Sailed April W-Br Mm
I btronta, for Antwerp.Boys' &
Girls' Page.
imp! thun
A sound like thin I I uge hands struck
their bonj knu< kles agaii -
I seized his war club. Hard
flst r,,,k nis sword in ■ i shouted, "Who Is
■
"1 re bravely. "Open the
door or I w ill bi eak H i
The the n<>ise >>f the fists pound
ing upon their ■ 'lint Prince I Don't Care was
making .■'! the dii. : it his wonderful strength.
w they both thought.
"Open the >v i forth," demanded Prince I
Don't Care again. "Come and he Quick about it, for I have a closer)
other giants to attend to yet. Come Tout; 1 say."
All this time the two great hands were holding the Prince so
that he could n>>t g^t away. Neither could the hands, which booh
stopped pounding and were pined fast to the door. To open the door
the giants would have pushed it outward. The great hands on the
outside of the door pushed just as hard the other way and the door
could not he stirr".!. Thre< times the two giants tried to get out
Three times they failed; The giants were prisoners In their own
loom. The Prince was a prisoner on the outside. When, if ever,
would those hp.nds let so their hold? - .
A drop of watiT, falling from the ceiling above, -.splashed- upon
Prince T Dqn't Care's head anc ; ran down his cheeks. Another drop
Ml upon on.-». of the finders of one taf the . hands. '.. Straightway, the
gipnt tinker turned to xtone.-. Another and another drop fell and
finger .ifter linger became granite. Never could these fingers loosen
their hold. Thei must the Prince stay and die unless he could'
think nut sonif' way to escape speedily. The one drop of water
that had fallen upon the Prince had chilled him. When all the
fingers should have become stone, as the Prince well knew, the
water would run down the giant wrists and upon him. He would
be turned into a .-tone statue. The door would become stone and
the giants would be .walled up alive! That would dispose of the
giants, but it would also dispose of the Prince, who would never be
able to have any more adventures, as a matter of course.
'When we meet with magic like this," said Prince I Don't Care
■• . -. . ..... .-■•■.
A BOY, A CAMERA AND A BICYCLE.
By Robbie Rhodes, Ukiah, Cal.
WHEN a boy I always had a de
photo rraphy,
n a traveling pho
house
I k;
Ing that 1 wfi • '• l] !u ' - a '
a" photographic almana<
to a p>t and crammed my
LL was going well with Prince
I Don't Care. He had passed
Igh the castle hall and up
th*> high stairs to the room
wherein the two giants lay
Bnoring. Hi- turned aside to
the room where he
■ braminidin and
Hardflst Into hurting one an
other with their Bwords. Th>»
two huge hands of the giants
were on the floor, where they
had fallen. As Prince I Don ? t
Vnrf passed between the
hands and noted their gresj
Bize and great streiiK'th he
wondered that lie had ever
1 ii able to escape aliv,'. H,.
did not know it. hut he really
was in more danger at this
moment than he had been at
any time before since he had
first seen the Castle of Al
Kabo. The two hands r>n ij lo
floor seized him as he came
near and dragged him to the
C the r<">m where the
cranium full of developer, hyp,., fixing,
etc. One day an old lady was among
the visitors when I waa "airing" my
knowledge and she told me to "shut
up," and I told her she □ I \inp."
Then I left. My mother went with me
with ■ iterrtal h Id ipoi collar
sure i went In th<- right direction.
\\ <■ wen! under full sail to the wood
house, where 1 had to "heave to" while
pro* ured the one aa II we la< I
inker. I n about ha If an hum- -
she Beni me upstairs to bed ;it a spank
ing gait and a promise of no auppi
lav that my folks did not appre
ciate knowledge and i rasolved to run
away In about a week and stay quite
a whii<- till I got hungry, anyway.
In the night it seemed as if some kind
of an animal in my stomach clawed n\>
with its toenall and my head and knees
flew together. I dlfl oot have anything
particular to look at dowa at my knees,
bui it was a very pood position In which
Shortly the animal
ghtem ! out, i followed buU, and
through ih'- headboard.
Then I doubled up again and ray loft
i in my stomach, and i never
r< allzed 1 1)1 I hen why i pie's
. placed so far a\>. ay from
the proboscis. Then
Soon all the family rushed Into my
and when my father gently in
quired -what was the matter," and
yanked me out of Bed and shook
steen ways at o.'.ce, I replied that
THE SAN FEAJs CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL. 30, 181MJ.
The Castle of Al Kabo.
coolly, "we have to use magic ourselves. Ho! Bloodflllikln, ■
you can untie the piece of the Black Robe from my sword with your
teeth."
"Very well, ki?i<l master," said the dog.
The sword clattered to the floor and its point was raised In the
air and pointed directly at the throal of Bloodflllikln.
■What have we here?" called the Prince, much surprised. "I
see that this means thai no one shall use the sword or touch the
hilt except me. Take up the sword by the point, Bloodflllikin, and
hold it up so that 1 may untie the knot with my teeth."
Drip! chip! drip! Would the water turn the Prince to stone
while he was working to untie the kn<>t "
Drip! drip' drip! steadily, steadily, like the constant falling of
tears.
BloodfiHikin held bravely to the point of the sword, and the
Prince, reaching the knot with his teeth, pulled at it.
■Hurrah and hurrah!" he said after a time, "the kn<>t is loose!"
"Master," said a mouse courtier, "may 1 help you t<> get free?"
"Yes; 1 will lake your assistance and will pay you well for it."
"What do you mean by that?"
"1 will give you a castle of your own and servants and carriages
drawn by the nicest little ponies ''
"One thing more; let me be an honored guest and feast with
you when you have married the miller's pretty daughter."
"That you shall do you and all y >ur brethren as well."
"Quickly, then; give me the piece "f the Black Robe and T will
ht-lp you to >i-x fv-', and it is well for you that I came in Just as
1 did."
The mouse whistied and a throng of mice answered t" the call.
■■i "all fhe Spinning Spider, tor we have work for him to do."
A great, fal spider darted from his hole in the wall; the mice
unraveled the piece "f the Black Robe, thread by thread, and the
Bed the thr.ads as they foil and wove them into one stout
< id. The T'lirn" watched the mice and the spider with interest, but
Without any fear.
A me. us.- took i ne end of the cord in his mouth and tied it around
an old helmet of steel that Abramlnidln had worn when he went nut
to battle with th" King's men. Then a score of mice took Hold of
the cord and pulled it after them as they scampered up the stairs
that led to the roof of the castle, close tn the east tower. Their com
bined strength was enough t<> draw the helmet after them. Prince
the supper I did not eat gave m<» the
cramps. I was hastily thrown into bed
and covered up with about a ton and
a half of blankets. Then T had to drink
about ten thousand million gallons (my
Imagination) of cinnamon. Rape
and nutmeg tea, and mustard plasters
that were hot enough to burn a hole
through a two-inch board in half a
minute were applied.
About a week after this Mr. Lens,
0114 of the leading photographers in a
near-by town, advertised! for a boj to
help him In the gallery and to learn
photography. I secured" the position.
When I arrived at Mr. Lens' next
; Don't Care heard a splash over his head. At the same instant the
water ceased to drip. The mice came back.
"What have you done?" asked the Prince of the wise mice.
"There is a tank on the roof filled with the tears of little children
whose fathers and mothers were stolon from their homes by the
giants and forced to work In the giants" mim-s underground. When
Al Araaf was planning to keep this castle for his own he passed a
feather, taken from the breasi of a Roc, through the water,
and the. water then had the power to turn t" stone anything that
belonged to th" giants, and also to turn to stone any person who
was touched by the giants of this castle after the giants were
changed into stone. The giants. struggling to open the door to gel
out, have cracked the tank. The water could not be stopped, be
cause of the magic in It. We mice, knowing something of magic,
as many mice do, knew that if we would throw into the tank a cord
made from the Black Robe, sinking it with this particular battle hel
met owned by Abramfnidin, the water would follow the cord to the
ground and would not drop any more. You are safe from that dan
ger How you will get away from the hands of the giants we do not
know. Farewell! We will come back again."
With that the mice ran away, nor could the Prince persuade
them b> stay.
"Oh, well," said the Prince. "I don't care. Bloodfillikin, go up
and see if the tank the mice told about is yet empty. Bring the cord
to me when the last drop has run from the tank, ihat 1 may get the
Spinning Spider to restore the piece Of the Black Robe to me by
weaving the threads together."
Bloodfillikin obeyed. The Spinning Spider agr^-d to weave the
cloth if Prince I Don't Care would promise to give him also a sunny
where there would be many flies— a promise which was easy to
get, for Prince I Don't Care had many castles that he had taken
from giants.
"You shall have this castle, and that will save you the trouble
of moving." said Prince I Don't Cue.
Now the piece of the Black Robe is woven and the spider and
the dog wonder what the Prince will think of next
"Good spider," said the Prince, "sine the mice have run away,
go to the pine tree that stands by the castle gate and knock three
times on the tree. A squirrel will come out and will ask you what
you wish. Bloodfillikin will go with you and will carry this piece of
the Black Robe In his mouth. Tell the squirrel to com"-, into the
castle. If he shall say that he will not come, show him the piece of
the Robe, but be sure that he does not touch it."
The dog and the spider went out. They found the squirrel, who
i very hard to be allowed to touch the cloth th.-n the dog car
ried. The wi rds of the Prince were remembered and the squirrel
had to go ■ ■ Btle without any reward.
"Your task," said the Prince to the squirrel, "will be to gnaw a
hole in the door so ih.-n the hands will fall and let me go free. If
you refuse you will always he a squirrel. Do my bidding and the
In the Black Robe will turn yon bark to your bid condition Of
a Prince of the D< sort."
The squirrel gnawed and gnawed and gnawed. How hard thnt
oak door wfas! Had it been made of flint it could hi I ha,ve been irery
much harder. Tln-ii 11 was very thick. Hut the squlcrel, who was
really a Prince who had been turned Into a squirrel by a magician,
worked fast, and after a time he had a hole gnawed around the
two huge hands of the giant, although he wore out his teeth working
BO haul. As soon as this was done the hands were suddenly hurled
to tl:»- floor with great force and were shattered into a thousand
pieces and the Prince was free.
"Now you may touch the Black Robe," said Prince T Don't Care.
] n  second of time the squirrel was a Prince on^e more.
■1..; me help yoU to fight the giants:"
"No more." answered Prince I Don't Care. "1 am a match for
•ni th" giants alive, and I will not permit any one to share the glory
W l t h m . of freeing the land of their hateful presence."
morning he first tried to get niy knowl
of photography Into focus. For
half an hour I expounded, compou ded
and confounded. He said l seemed to
know something abi ut it. but i n led
developing. He then brought out a
small camera and showed me bow to
manipulate It. Then h" said he would
load the plate holders and went into th*'
dark room and began to fumble around
and l began to xet anxious to know
uhat he was loading them with. II
soon appeared, pui the plate holders in
the camera and told me to X" take
■ ■ ;.i< ; ures.
I started "in In ecstasies'. I was en
thusiastic. But a cloud soon came over
my happiness, r thought of ttfe loaded
plate holder and I resolved to see what
they were loaded uit h. I took om
til- holders out of the camera, carefully
removed the slid.- and looked In. There
wasn't anything but an inoffensive^
looking piece of glass, but f examined
ail the holders to see it' they were load
ed alike. Then I happened to think that
maybe this glass was the plate to take
the picture on, and 1 decided to take
With) Our Young Puzzlers and Correspondents.
WHAT a lot Of bright and jolly
Children! The list of puzzlers
Is longer every week and
their sharpness Increases ac
cordingly, The. rule is to pub
lish the Roll of Honor every week, and
only those who answer the puzzles
■without mistake ran be named in that
roil. But those who answer all except
en*' correctly will also ba named, which
is fair because it is true ttfat some of
the puzzles may have two reasonable
answers. What child is there who can
not find two answers to anything?
There is no such child in all California.
0-.h>;>o-.-O" O •: O • O •■ O -O ; O'i'O^-O"?'li
§ ROLL Or HONOR. §
# "pi El T A CARTER. »
g M Grass Valley; Raymond ,-,
'& || de Sanno, Vallejo; Ha- > v
'&. i. v. zcl Eby, 058 Center <►
'••> street, Oakland; Miff- <*>
p non de Sanno, Vallejo; Grace #
4 -, Lloyd, 2507 Sutter street. San a
<r . Francisco ; Herbert Merrill. 40.V ;<?
M East Eleventh street. Oak- §
% land; Emily Houston, 52 Sil- $
<^. ver street, San Francisco; Ada •<&
y 11. Ferguson, Clovis, Cal.; Lv- 5j
0 cille Wilhelm, Grass Valley: «
'?■ Carrie Kcane. 2132 Stockton *
§ street. San Francisco: Ruth J?
p Heans, Berkeley; Philip Zipf, #
'£ Grass Valley; Agnes White- «£>
man, Grass Valley; Louise V
$ Longley. 60>4 Pacific avenue.
rr Santa Cruz; Hazel Anderfuren, g
§ Nicasio, Cal.: Adelaide Simon- z;
Xica-i'i. Cal.; Adelaide Simon- V;
# . ton, 62 Capitol street, Vallejo. &
<s>
•>O• v ; O • O • v•O• O: v • O ■•<» ■• O •-•#
We have a new set of puzzles this
morning, the lakes anil rivers <>f Cali
fornia. We h <• tin- Roll of Honor and
the second place list. That there, may
bt; no disappointment wuen you s^nd in
a list of uorreel answers t<> the puzzles
and then fail to see credit given to you
on the succeeding Sunday morning the
following explanation is made: The
a picture of a house. I put in the
plate bolder, pulled cut the slide and
put it in my pocket, opened the shutter,
forgobrto close it. and then packed the
camera around for about an hour look
ing for something to take. Then I
til- ;ii;lit <'f the slide and reached into
my pockei i" get it: it wasn't there. I
concluded it would noi do i<> leave th>>
plate in the holder without a slide, so
I took it out, held it up to the sun to
see i!' there was any picture on it.
wrapped it up in my handkerchief and
put it in my pocket. In about three
hours I succeeded in disposing of all
the plates and returned to -Mr. Lens.
•Mow did you gel along?" h" asked.
"I ■ i < l you fog any of Ihe plat< .- ?"
"Well." I replied, "1 don't know, it
was awful foggy as I came hack, and
1 lost (■tie of th. Slides, SO I put the
plate in my pocket. I tried to keep all
the f"K wtped off with my hahdker
chief, bul 1 expect some of it got on the
plate, but 1 did the best I could."
Then there was "wailing." He
started me out again and I saw some
hoys pole vaulting. I opened the shut
Boys' and Girls' page goes into the
hands of the "make-up man' 1 on
Wednesday morning and i« then roady
to be printed. From this it naturally
follows that if your answers are not in
The Call office Tuesday they will not
be credited on the ensuing Sunday, but
must be held over another week. Is
thai fully understood? When nur page
is once "made Up" it cannot oe re
opened for my thing. Therefore get the
answers in by Tuesday if it is possible.
Hut If the mails are delayed or you do
not think out the answers in time for
the succeeding Sunday you will not be
forgotten nor neglected. You will be
credited the next week. Send the an
swers even if they are lcte. Here are
the answers to the puzzles published
last Sunday morning: Ventura. Stock
ton, Independence, Riverside, Lakeport,
Del Monte.
Those who guessed all but nno of the
pussies: Paul Turner, Santa Rosa:
Gladys Warren, Vallejo; Annie Fitzger
ald, Gllroy; [sabel Wflkje, Ban Francis
co; Eleanor Pierce, 1119 Treat avenue.
"Why, child, you must be colicky, to
wriggle thus and wail!"
Said pa, while every time he rocked he
. pinched the mousey's tail!
• r . —From Harper's Bazar.
"A.« you wHL" The Desert Prince made a low hnw and was gone.
Prince I Don't Care was tired and hungry. He did not wait for
the two giants to come after hin>. Finding a hollow tree, he hid
there and feasted upon fruit that was broughi to him by Bloodfllli
kin from Abraminidin'a orchard in th« castle grounds. Then he
slept until he was rested, Bloodflllikin keeping watch. No one dis
turbed him. The giants k> pi within the castle. Not knowing that
the Prince had gone out, they still hoped to have him soon in their
power.
When Prince I Don't ('arc awoke his first labor was to get a
very long and very strong rope and take it to the top of a tall
tree. One end of the rope he fastened to one of the topmost limbs
of the tree. A.l the other end he made a noose. Thfn he shortened
the rope so that the noose- hung about twelve feet from the ground.
Bloodfillikm sal upon his haunches and watched what was done by
his hrav^ master.
"Now," said Prince I Don't Care to the dog, "howl as you have
never howled before, and when the two giants come <>ut of the castle,
point up in the tree, that they may know that I am there.'
BloodfiHikin howled and the giants came running from the castle.
"Good dog," said Abraminidin. "I really believe the hound has
the Prince up the tree, [s that so. good dog?"
For answer the dog pointed upward.
"It is so" said Abraminidin. "How shall we get him down 1 ?"
"1 will go up the tree." answered Hardfist. But. when that giant
tried to climb the tree h>- fell to the ground, having only one hand
to bar g on with.
"We must pull the tree down: that is the right thing, said
Abrai-ninidin "for the limbs are so close together that we could not
drive tl« little villain from the tree in an age. See. here is a rope.
"\\u- (two giants pulled on the rope that Prince I Don't fare had
fastened stoutly to the free. They pulled and pulled and pulled, hut
they could not bend the tree low enough to get at the Prince, who
coolly sat on the topmost branch and laughed at them.
The giants raged at t.te jokes that the Prince was making about
th<i i nn<] still more ai tiieir own lack of success. "If we only had
both of our hands this wonld be an easy task." said Abraminidin.
"I have a way." said ilardfist. "Pull down a little, and then I
will be able to throw the r*>pe over my shoulders. My weight will
then bring the tree low enongh for you to reach the Prince."
THs looked to Abraininiasn to be such a g I plain that he at
,,,.,. proceeded to put it im- execution. The rope was placed over
the shoulders of Hardflst.
•t'al Abraminidin," he sh wited.
The giants pulled and the t."jee bent very low, but not low enough
for fcbratninidin to reach Prince I Don't ('are.
"Ho 'ho! 5 ' laughed the Prince- "Tou will have to think <-, u t a new
plan. pj6>, blunderheads. ';
AbreiWidin let u<- ©1 tlw rcfpe, in Ins anger, to try to seize
Prihce I Pnn'i Care. The tree, reLSnsed pf part of the load, shot ba^k
to an upright position. It wont up So suddenly that the rope caught
Hirdflst aVnit his neck and ca.rr?.od him off his feet. The noose
waa around his neck. He was dangling In the air. When Abramini
din' succeed.*! in pulling the tree *»wn again Hardfist was dead.
Abraminidin rut the rope and let hi's dead brother down. Then he
n- Jd^nce more to dislodge Prince I lWt Care. Deprived of the aid
t Hardflsi the giant found that he c ( «i.id do little. He went into the
'! ./. while Prince I Don't Care scr.unbted to the ground and be
gan to plan to get rid of Abraminidin, nrho was a very wicked giant.
(To hp Continued.)
ter just as one of them started up and
closed it when he reached f»e height
of his jump. The resulting picture
looked as if the boy had climbed th<
pole in jerks about a tool long till he.
reai hed the t.op, kicked up ins nei ta
and then went up to smoke.
I remained with Mr. Lens three
months, and he said it was the busiest
three months he ever had. At the end
of thai time, my parents having madt
a "raise," decided to send me to Bchool
in town. I bought a bicycle to ride to
school for exercise. I- got it.
In about a month I bought a camera
and took pictures of my schoolmates,
whereby I might remember them when
far away. <>n my way home as I cam.'
around a turn, carrying my camera in
my hand, tho bicycle for* broke and I
dismount* d ov< r the handlebars. 1 had
not been In the habit of dismounting
that way. but 1 wanted to catch the
front wheel before it was too far away.
In my haste to catch the wheel l threw
the camera cm the ground harder than
was necessary and scattered it all over
the road.
San Francisco: Irene Wichman. 1001
SaJita Clara avenue, Alameda: Roy Mf -
Donald, 1218 Hainht street, San Francis
co; Millie Bablick, ir. ! ; Filhnore street,
San Francisco; Alice Prosek, 508 Her
mann street. San Pranclsco; Lizzie E.
Shorey, 18 \lia street, Redlands; Fred
Heitmann, 818 Railroad avenue. Alameda;
Jennie Conway, US Douglas street, San
Francisco; James Bayard Haley, 1762
A SONNET TO THE OCEAN
FROM mortal eyes thy wrestling waters hide
Wrecks, that through age- "neath thy waves have lain;
Ami while thy billows burst and form again
Winded inspiration rides the coming rtd«.
Thou restless Ocean, rolling far and wide.
That sendeth fancies through my fevered brain,
Thy deafn'inj! blasts are but the wild retrain
That to the forest winds has long replied.
As dreaming thus T linger on thy strand
Thrm makest me to think of man's small part
In this great universe that 'round Ui lies.
Thy wondrous waste, whencalmer. I have scanned
And wondered that thou holdest in thy heart
The darkest mvsterk-s beneath the skies.
Ninth avenue, Oakland: Grace Feather
stone, Goshen; Mac Wescott, Chiles. Cal.;
Willard Duffy, Tracy," Cal.; Otto Bach,
425 Greenwich street. San Francisco;
: Hazel Allen, Lincoln, CaL; Henry a
Vluss.-y. Vallejo; Amy. Sanborn. Lincoln.
. C'al. ; Jeanette Wolff, Hueneme, Oal,:
■■iV/arle Lindsren. 5 Cahill street, San Jose;
Gladys Coflln, Dutch Flat : Hazel Mont
?o\rie'ry. 1219 Golden Gate avenue, San
Francisco; Ira B. Hodgkins. 3103 Clay
strtx'it. San Francisco; Allie Akin, 30C2
TweMty-fourth street, San Francisco;
Ru'-»MV-r. Fitzgareld. Vallejo; Dora
"I ccrJ\ani, San Francisc:.; f:iiarles Levin
sen "Bti Cumberland street. San. Francis
co-' May Riley, 223 Pierce street, San.
I first slid', along on my knees for
about ten tee* and made a pulverized
mixture out <& my kneecaps and part
of my trousers. The wheel still gained
turned over on my head and slid
about a rod. but .1 was getting my head
too dirty and i turned a complete
somersault. Eut the wheel had too
much headstari atd I made no further
efforts to catch it. but slid along in a
sitting posture at rjie moderate gait of
about a mile a minuste, meanwhile leav
ing pieces of my trousers from the place
where a lazy man w.virs them out first.
I saw that if I kepi up this rate of
speed much longer I would not have
anything left to sit down on but the
end of my backbone. In about half a
second I hit a fence and suddenly
stopped— 3o suddenly that I felt as if
I had telescoped and turned wrong
side out. After "pulling" myself to
gether I went back and hunted up the
- of my camera and bicycle, put
them on my shoulder and started down
the road singing "Home, Sweet Home,"
with considerable fervor. I did not at
tempt to take any more pictu/es.
Francisco; Elma Berka. I.orin: Clinton
Bennett. ■ Gilroy: Anna Roberts. 932 Do
lores street. San Francisco: Edna Ralph,
Alvarado; I. ■■land Squires, 1275 Broadway,
a n Francisco; Emil< Ltonis, 11.'- V alley
si: (_(■;, fan 1 rancisco.
Dear Editor—] have been very much
.1 with the Boys and Girls' page. I
have tried to guess the puzzles in Ine
Call, but have not vet Hue-reeded. I am
•s .i'ui Mid BO tO tbfl Vallejn public
school, l v\- l ui id be very pleased if you
would publish my letter. Yours truly."
VaUeJo, Cal. DORA M. ADEN.
Dear Editor— This is the first letter I
wrote, l think The <"al! is the etaam
ptoa paper In the world. 1 love to see
v. hat's on th<- Boys' and Qirls' page.
Please. Mr. Editor, put thle in next Sun
day'a Call. I am LI years old. i ko to the
Duranl school. Martie Operg Is my chum.
Good-b> . hoping is in next Sun
day's paper. Yours.
ROBERT SCHMIDT.
47S Twenty-second street, Oakland, CaL
3132
{Palmistry; Read Tour Hand
Continued From Pase Twenty-eight.
line, particularly that in medicine or sur
gery. You have a clear head and a steady
mind; are self-reliant and not easily
daunted. Your sense of honor and faith- !
ful attention has brought you many
friends. You will have unusual good luck |
at 50. . •> .
J. PEIME, Alameda- Yours is the hand
of the laborer. Very superstitious and in
clined to doubt. You have traveled much,
with but little success. * You are very
demonstrative in your affections; quar
relsome. ;md will be a slave to liquor In
Old age. Very headstrong, and can agree
with -but very few people. You aspire
to a political career and will succeed.
E. B.— Your head line indicates a bril- ;
liant Intellect, quick and sharp. You are;
led by your sympathy and heart and not
by your reason, Your disposition is cheer
ful "and you have a great desire to please. \
You rely on your own Judgment in the ar- j
rar.goment of your affairs. V,.-: will travel <
extensively and gal your best success |
as? .. homemaker.
ALBERT H.. Woodland— Yours is the j
.j.alni of a dentist or physician. So far in
life you have had but poor success. You
have traveled about considerably. You j
lire irritable and inconstant. . You are
crafty in money matters md will possess j
some land. Yon will marry once. You j
will die by a sudden death at 68.
I. II. MAN J.. Vancouver— You aredemon- |
Btrative and effusive;; ambitious and as
piringr: lik>> to have our own way. and j
generally take people by storm. A re- j
markable change comes into our life at j
20. You enter upon a new career, but an 1
unfortunate love affair spoils it all. You {
will not live over fifty years.
B. R. C. Redwood— This Is the pain of,
a cool, courageous man. full of life and i
vitality. Your luck varies. You have lost I
money, but by judicious Investment will
again make a small fortune. Your old
ago will nd you very desirably situated.
You are often imposed upon in business |
matters.
S. P. C. H.. Mexico— You will have to
be careful of an accident between 30 and '
40. . You will start in two different careers. |
tiie later bringing you better success. ,
You allow yourself to be too melancholy j
at tin. You have been unfortunate in j
your heart affairs. You will take a jour- •
r.ey within the next six months. You have >
a dual nature. You have strong will and
logic.
MRS. STEL.T.A C— You are not firm 1
enough and allow others to Influence you; j
are too sensitive; don't show enough in- ;
dependence. You will have a rather suc
cessful life between 30 and iK There are ;
two marriages shown. You must be !
careful of your health. You re very in- j
dependent and venturesome. You have >
a great love <>f the beautiful and have j
great powers of discrimination.
MRS. E. D. M., Brentwood— A great '
deal of your success has depended upon i
your Judgment and the influence of :
those in power. You have had great i
heart sorrows. A loss of a relative is I
(shown. There is one journey, which will j
be good in a financial way. You are very |
intuitive. You have a certain amount of
vitality to overcome illness. There are j
several strong indications of financial ;
losses. You have an artistic hand, very
sensitive and proud. 1
FRATERNAL NEWS.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
The ceiebration of anniversary day by |
the Odd Fellow? at Gridley was a grand j
affair During the day there was a pa- j
rade. in which -"•'■' persons took part.
Then there was a literary programme and
music and addresses by. P. F. Bullington. '
president of the day, and by Past Grand /
Master WJ H. Barnes. ]
The reunion of the Veteran Odd Fellows , |
will be held on the '.nh if May.
Parker. Morse, Western Addition aijd
Presidio lodges will irive an ■ rta.'.n- |
nu-nt and dance in Odd Fellows' Assfjn
blv Hall on Friday next.
The officers of San Francisco Ca rton
Xo. 5 will he installed on the 2d of May
b> Colonel Brov and staff, assisted by
Oakland Canton No. 11.
Grand Patriarch Harris paid a visit on '■
the 21st inst. to Watsonville Er/camp- '
m°nt. when several candidates Wijre ad- \
mltted to the patriarchal degree In the
presence of a large attendance. A ban
<;uft followed the business of tlie even
ing.
The visit nf Grand Patriarch IVarris and
prand officers to Mount Moriab. Encamp
ment in Yallijo a few evening's since was
one of the most . enjoyable of, the terms
of the grand patriarch. There was pres
ent a delegation from Benk.ia Encamp
ment. There was an exemplification of
the three dt-grees in a mos .' satisfactory ,
manner. After he work followed a feast ;
in the banquet hall, prepared by the la
dies of Myrtle Rebekati liodge, and the '
ladies wore given a vote of thanks for
the excellence of the dinner and the man
ner in which they -• t .-i it. On tne fol- i
lowing day the visitors were shown the
interesting sights of Vallejo and Mare.
Island.
THE HERiKAHS.
If there had been a 1 committee to
award prizes for beauty, elegance of man
ne rand amiability bin the platform at the
Odd Fellows' picnic at Mirabel last
"Wednesday. Miss Mary Beymour of Ori
ental Rebekah Ledge would unquestion
ably have secured the first prize.
The San Franci-sco lodges of Rebekahs i
will on the evening of May 8 tender a re
ception in Odd Fellows' ILall to the Re
bekahs of the State, who will be in the
city at that time.
On the nth of May the ladles of Oriental
Rebekah Lodge will serve a "mysterious
lunch" In the basement banquet hall of
the Odd Fellows' building. The proceeds
■will be devoted to a most deserving ob
ject. _J_
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
The grand officers were the guests of
Pacific Lodee at a banquet last Thurs
day night at Fourteenth and Broadway,
Oakland.
Past Grand [aster Workman Barnes
has been asked to address the lodge at
Crockett next Wednesday night.
The Workmen of Colusa will picnic at
Bwinford's Park on the sth of May. ,
There, was a m**ei ■• . of the board of
firbitntion last Thursday night to pass
upon two cape?.
Tiie board of extension met last night <
and discussed the appointment of depu- !
ties for the current year.
The proceedings will be delivered in a .
few days. Each gate to the recent I
Grand Lodge will receive a copy.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Grand Chief of Homor Mrs. Norman has ;
offored a beautiful banner suitably in- i
edited to the lodge which between the
Ist of May and the Ist of next March shall
Fhow the greatest increase '■•■ proportion |
to its membership. The banner will be
presented next April.
After business last Wednesday ' eight
married ladies of Ivy lonise, engaged in a
nail-driving contest against eight unmar- I
ried ladies, and the marrieo. ladles won I
and were each awarded an emblematic i
pin. '! in- winners were Mesdanvs Mary !
McDonald, Flora Hnrrls. Helen Hall, 8a- j
die Carr, Lizzie Wilkinson. M. Merrick, j
Christina Jacobson and Anna Parkinson. !
Tills was followed by amusing games.
Ivy's drill team will initiate candidates
for the lodge at Haywards next Tuesday. '
Dawn of Hope Lodge gave, a social last i
night. .
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The members of Hesperian Parlor of i
the Native Sons and those of Las Lomaj I
Parlor of the Native Daughters gave an j
enjoys joint party in Mission Parlor !
Hall on the 22d inst. The stage was taste
fully decorated with flags, tricolor bunt
ing and setting of palms. The music for .
the dance which followed the entertain-
Ing programme was furnished by the
Hesperian band, composed of members of ,
Hesperian Parlor. The programme wat '
m:.de up of a vocal solo by Frank W. I
Reward; tableau, "Ruth and Naomi"; |
recitation. Frank W. Beward; mandolin
selections by Professor Mi on and pupils:
Vocal polo. Miss Edith Rogers; choir by
the Antiqued, a dozen members of Las I
Lomas dressed in costumes of the Colonial |
flays, who, under the leadership m Mrs.
Isabel Cook, sang some of the old-time
choruses; tableau, "The Gypsy's Warn
ing." by members of both parlors; recita- !
tion, Mrs. Bacon, and tableau. "Over the
Garden Wall," Master Lester Gurnsey. '
The tableaux were well put on, the sing- !
ing was charming and the dancing was ;
very enjoyable. What more could be
asked? , i
La Estrella Parlor No. 89 will celebrate I ;
L. C. S.. Portland— You have been very
'much limited in your finances; very will- i
: ing and anxious "for position, both social
and financial good-hearted and chari- i
table; easily overcome by persuasion; you j
do not value money; you will marry
rather late in life. There are several
! journeys this year which will benefit you
financially.
ELI. EX Z. . San Jose— Your hand, spa-
CIOUB and well defined, plainly manifests
elements of stratagem; wouldmakes gr>od j
<!.('.>> or detective; full of resources and
nervous energy; a good prosecutor; will i
power; money and travel shown; pretty
long life; not many serious Interruptions
from Bicknesß.
i-HAIU.KS T. Tacoma— Your will pow< r
is f;ir in excess of your physical strength;
there is artistic taste and musical talent
displayed. Some traveling. Yon are good
In executive ability. Well-disciplined
mind, a desire to ascend to sublime
things; excellent character; pure thought;
agreeable, dutiful and one greatly to be j
desired.
CARRIE R.— A palm whose owner pos
sesses a grre.it love for romance; pride
■^'i\ ambition desin to rale. Great honor
comes to this person thrnugh a son. Seri- j
rouble will have to. be overcome at
about 50 .'.•ears of age or you will not live i
• your children win their laurels.
G. H. R., city-- There is a look of heart- :
tness and good cheer, coupled with a
sense of order and judgment, denoted in '
your hand; long life. Excellent health
generally. Will newer and efficiency In I
many things are shown. Yon like luxury
and ease. You an- too generous for your
own good. Sometimes Influenced against
your better ludgment.
LUCY M.. Alameda— Your life has been
crowned with good luck; enjoying extra
ordinary physical strength. You temper
all things with : ire and amiabil
ity; enjoy life: will not live over GO years
of age; like sensible, useful people and
things: fond of outdoor sports.
MRS. R. BAKER, Sonoma- Yours >•= the
hand of a keenly Intuitive person, quick
ir. mind and active in speech. You :irr
Aery vain, proud and ambitions; Impulsive
and' loving. You will be a widow
and have a large amojir.t of money left
to you. Greater peace raf mind than you
hnve ever known.
EVA A. KK.VXY - Yo-,1 are fnr too ideal- :
istic to succeed In life., A disappointment
In love In early life robbed you of ambi
tion. You will win fame at 25 through
your musical ability. You are selfish and
sensual, caring little for the opinion of
others. Yon will m arry at "4.
MRS. C. K. four hand is Indicative of ■
physical endurance. You are keenly
intuitive' and hay . H sense of the ridicu
lous. You have musical and mechanical
ability. You wT/J marry once. You are
restless and lovr^ change. Not very happj
in married life. You are jealous and over
ly cautious.
"MRS. I'm tU'.CENRT'RG— Your nature is
intense and masterful. You are affection
ate, even jev.Lous of those you care for.
You have v.i) imrtlcular talent; are cour
ageous and determined; careful in mate
rial matters; n good manager. You have
had ail er,c>.>iy who would have injured
you if circvjnstances had allowed, v i
do not mak^e friends readily. One mar
i iage.
MR DOTANENBURG— This is th* hand
of energy and industry; an honest hard- I
its third anniversary on Ihe 12th of May
by : , grand ball in Native Smis' Hall. The
arrangement committei will make this
or * of 1 hose enjoyable social fum I •
T' >r which ihis parloi is noted.
THI-: NATIONAL UNION.
■ Tuesday night the mcml of S
paid a visit to Golden
Council and witnessed the admission
of two candidates. After the close "f
business the speaker took charge
council, and under his direction the Na
tional Union Quartet rendered choice vo
cal selections, accompanied <>n the
by Professor Sichel, while solos weri
»;ivi-n by C. E Boysen and by Fred
v. the flew tenor of 1 • quartet, who
ssessed of ;• voice of remarkable pur
ity and clearness. There were lnt<
ing address Bi i ator Field. F. B. Gib
son, Deputy J. N. Bunting, the modest
member ol CaJifornia Council, and a
numb- r of oth< rs
Durii g the past two weeks thirl
members were added to the several coun
cils. El Dorado initiated sixteen at its
last held meeting and will have ten more
next.
\\\ W. Hen ly and William Wallace have
been appointed captains of opposite teams
of ten in Golden Gate Council f< > compete
for a dinner to be served to the winner
i by the losing team in a contest for mem
| bers !■! b« secured witfiin a fixed period
The arrangements have been completed
for the eighteenth anniversaary celebra
tion to I- held In Odd Fellows' Hall on
: the !7th of next month.
DAUGHTERS OF THE REVOLUTION.
'h< breakfast given on Lexington
In tlir- Occidental by the Daughters of
' the American Revolution Mrs. A. s. Hub
bard, than whom there is none more pat
riotic in San Francisco, was the recip
of many deservedly bestowed compli
ments and congratulations on the growth
of the order in this Btote, there being
now three chapters in San Francisco, one
i in San Josp and onp in Los Angeles, as a
result of her Initial work in organizing
Sequoia Chapter on the 10th of Decem
ber. IS9L This lady, who has been a most
ardent worker in the inculcation of the
spirit of patriotism and reverence for the
American flag in every way possible, in
school, in society and through the press,
was the first Siate regent of the order
in this State, and the appreciation of all
that she has done for the Daughters of
tlii- American Revolution found expres
sion in tin- sincere utterances on Lexing
day.
LIBERT? CIRCLE, C O. F.
Last Wednesday ni^ht. the members of
Liberty Cir< !", Companions of the F
most delightful "at home" in their
c ir.-le room in Mission Opera Hall. I'nder
th«- direction of the- officers of the circle.
, - a committee of arrangements,
there was presented a good programme
tertaining numbers, which included
; by Mr. Krug and Miss McCul
lough: recitation, Miss Calie Childs: vio
lin and piano duet. Missei Dora and Bell
' f-ianz: fancy dance, Miss Freda Rehn;
recitation. Addie Rehn: Instrumental duet.
Cclia Young and Miss Macpherson;
cnon soim;-. Mi 1 - McCul lough; and piano
bj Mis:- Beil Banz. A dance
followed and the evening was greatly en-
I by all.
FRIENDS <>F PUB FOREST.
Lincoln Lodge; at its meeting last Mon
day night had a good .it tendance and af
ter tip election of two applicants and
the Initiation of one tin- Following named
were elected aa delegates to the Supreme
Court: Mrs. S. K. Tvron. Miss < ). Hoff
man, Mrs. M. L. Howard, John Rinner.
Mrs. Belle Hicks. Mrs. Kmma Harmon,
Mrs. Map Trennell and Mrs. I. F. Ray-
Tbe auditing ■•ommittee presented
a rci.ort certifying that th.- books am! ac
counts of the financial and recording sec
retaries were correct ajid kept in a neat
and business-like manner. This lodge will
give h so. i;ii In Ma ■■.
Pioneer Lodge has elected the following
named delegates to the Supreme Lodge:
Max Bochm. Mrs. A. Asmann, Mrs. B. A.
Jeffrey, Mrs. M. M. Reed, Miss Lizzie
ear, Mi-s L. M. Simons, Mrs. <"ar
rie Cruse. Mrs. A. F. Horn. Airs. M.
Thompson and Miss C'arrii Johnson.
Last Wednesday night Mizpan Lodge
received a visit from Pioneer and America
and a delegation from Lincoln Council.
The meeting proved an interesting one
in, the sih of May Lincoln Lodge will be.
visited by Pioneer. America and Mizpah
lodges.
A new lodge is in process of organisa
tion.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Orange Blossom Circle of Oroville at a
recent meeting initiated nine candidates,
one being for Pride of Botte Circle of
I'hico. The work was performed by a
double set of officers and proved very in
ter-sting to the members and visitors.
The Oroville Circle now has flfty-seven
members, an increase of nineteen since
the first of the year. This is the circle
that was visited last February by Grand
Sub-Chlpf Companion Mrs. Flora' Jar obs
who found It very despondent by re asori
of dissatisfaction with the physician. She
settled all differences, and the tacr?ase Is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, APRIL 30, 1899.
working man. All your efforts toward
financial success have fallen far short
of your expectations. You are broad
minded and independent; You have hon
est family love and desire to advance your
children. Better success next year.
MISS N. DORNENBI-RG— You lack
business ability. Are awkward and ill at
ease in society. You are stanch In prin
ciple, firm in friendship. Your family's
financial troubles have held you ba< k.
However, you will have better circum
stances next year. You will marry.
MISS M. A. V.— This hand has become
' positive through its contact with the
: world. There is plenty of energy and
determination. This nature cannot live,
without affection; it must be loved or life
would be unendurable. Will travel exten
sively. Good commercial ability.
FLORA R.— You have some musical tal
ent, but your health will interfere with
| the full cultivation of your gife. You
have a fondness for details. Are quite
i original in your manner of doing things,
and your way of looking at the problems
of life. You lack force to carry out your
plans. You are changeable and restless.
MR. 808 J.. MokeHimne— Your palm
indicates a practical mind and a strong
I will. Violent tempered when aroused to
anger, but not irritable over tritlcs. You
; have worked hard out with unsatisfac
tory financial returns. You will have to
take pood care of your health.
.Miss FRANCES EL, BacramentoVThis
dainty palm shows a nature charming In
company, refined in sentiments, rather
idealistic In temperament, fond of admira
tion. *juiek and irritable; inclined to go
to extremes in likes .md dislikes. You
; have ability but lack the power to con
centrate your attentions upon any one
: line.
BEATRICE A.. P. M., Mexico— Your
hand indicates an ardent, passionate na
ture. You lack logic. Are aggressive and
i practical. You are fond of the fine arts,
but it is after all money and power that
you desire and will have. Domestic
trouble will somewhat mar the early part
lof your life. Your 'heart line shows th<*
; loss by death of two people closely con
nected with your life. You will always
have plenty of money. Two marriages—
. one especially adavantageous.
CARMEN DlAZ— This is the hand of
daring and determination; great original
; ity. great ambition. You will always have
more money than contentment. You have
• traveled, but will see much more of the
world before you die. Your life line does
not promise great longevity. One sorrow
and disappointment, which you cannot
easily outgrow.
MISS PEARL P.— This is the hand of
Idealism. You are visionary and live in
a world of your own creation. You are
fond of forms and ceremonies, religious
in the main, very Intuitive and sensitive.
You are easily hurt. One disappointment
!:i love, which for a time affects the mind.
You will marry. You are quite dependent
upon the affection and attention of the
Opposite sex. although you are selfish Mi |
your demands.
MRS. A. C. S.. Raymond-This is the
band of an erratic temperament, inclined
ti> go to extremes. There is nothing in
different about you; you show much feei-
Ing. You have your share of worry ami
disappointment. You are original and act
often without due consideration. You ,
would do well to take a second thought
i oji matters of Importance. You have a
changeable, restless nature. Will travel
extensively in the latter part of your life.
Mil. S. I. N., Alameda— You have art-.
Istic and executive ability. You are too
imaginative, and often allow people to in
fluence you against your better judgment.
You lack decision and determination. Too
changeable and inconstant. Your conic
I tips show a great love of the beautiful. ,
! the result of her kind offices. Tin- circle
tamed Ihe members of Pride oi
Until- and Vnlia circles recently at a re
union at which there was a One pro
gramme. Then folowed a banquet at the
United States Hotel.
Last Thursday night the grand chief
companion paid his official visit to Pre
sidio Circle and he was well received.
The grand Bub-chief, grand recording
secretarj ami deputy of tin circle. Past
<"niif Companions Mrs. Harrington and
Mrs. Duke w<rc present. The circle made
:: good showing, and after addressi
circle showed its appreciation of the work
deputy, Mrs. L. Atwood, by pr<
ing her a pair of mother-of-pearl opera
glasses, with a beautiful bag for the
vi li"!'-.
Last Thursday night Olympus Circle
gave Its tirst social since its reorganiza
tion a few months situ-". There was a
large im-l select attendance in Mission
building, where the ci ent took
place, and after a solo on the piano by
Miss Heubner; recitation by Mrs. K. \.
Haughy, grand treasurer; specialties by
my Whelan : dial< el recitations
by M. Sass and bauads by Toby Epstein,
there was dancing until a i .■ 1 1 • - iiour. The
sue, , ■ affair is due to Mrs. E. A.
Carah, i. G. C. C; Mrs. [rvin< MJsi
Schwab, Miss Koerner. Mr. Bstes and
Mrs Metzler. Thhs circle will be officially
visited on 'hi- -"th of Maj .
It Is expected that there will be a
attendance at the picnic to be given
mi the 14th of May at I'lUzvillo
Park. under the auspices of the
ention of '99, which will entertain
the delegates to th.- Grand Circle. A
L--i'i.i programme of games has been ar
ranged and there will be many gate
prizes.
Last Tuesday night Grand chief Com
panion <'<>!>i:ri! paid his official visit to
Hamlet Circle In Alameda. and on that
visit he was accompanied by Past Grand
Chief Mrs. Harrington, the grand sub
v. %ra
financial secretary, grand treasurer and
Grand Trustee Mrs. Davis, basides a num
■ members of the San Francisco and
Alain.. la County Circles. The circle-room
was for the occasion converted Into a
r "f flowers of every shade. There
was a good exemplification of the work
and a number of interesting speeches.
Last Wednesday night Hay <'ity <"ircle
had a glorious time in the social hall of
th. Alcazar, where, under the direction
of the officers of the circle, there was a
grand cake walk, followed by a dance.
Half a dozen couples entered the contest,
and n great many new sti-ps were intro
duced.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
On the occasion of the fraternal visit of
I Leland Stanford and Ivy lodges to Friend
ship Lodge there was a large number of
members of the order present. Including
large delegations from Terba Buena and
Liberty lodges. Nearly all the grand offi
c. rs were present and the meeting was an
enjoyable and profitable one.
Keystone Lodge is very active at this
time, and It has applications enough to
keep it initiating for some time to come.
Grand Vice Dictator Holcomb has left
the city for several weeks on a business
trip.
The grand officers have been considering
several projects for the advancement of
the order, and they will shortly make the
same known.
The grand dictator has appointed his
; deputies for California.
Grand Dictator Archibald reports the.
lodges in Solano and Napa counties.
! which he recently visited, in good condi
tion, and in view of a large prospective
crop anticipates grent activity in fraternal
lines.
ORDER OF PENJDO.
Golden (late Council had an anniver-
Barj celebration on the 19th inst., which
was n brilliant success in every way.
There was a fine musical and literary pro
gramme thai was presented by Mrs. Vena
Eaton, Jenny Pamperiu, Miss Marj
sdi. nk. Thomas Burnett. Master Jake
Blum Miss Bessie Harvey and vocal se
lections by Mis-; Bertha Duden. The sn
pr< me secretatry, Ernest Duden. and \Y.
.J. Smith entertained with Interesting ad
dresses on the rise and progress of the
council and the order. After th.- pro
grammi , Icecream and cakes were served,
after which dancing was kept up until
midnight. The committee in charge of
the affair was Ernest Duden. Annie Page,
( M F LJnderwood. Jeannette Harvey, Wll
' Ham T. Jones and Delia M. Morey. Dur
ing the evening the council received a
number of applications and will soon
have work in the initiatory degree.
During the past month 200 applications
were re< ■ lv<?d at the office of the supreme
etarj"- Eighteen new councils were
: inaugurated since the first of the year.
New councils are being organised In dif-
I ferent parts of the State. In March th"
I sum ol JlbeO was paid in claims for sick
ness.
WOMEN OF WOODCRAFT.
Shasta Hall. Native Sons* building, was
crowded to its limit on the occasion of
the recent entertainment and dmice given
by Hedwood Camp No. 7, Women of
Woodcraft. The committee on entertain
ment, consisting of Mrs. G. \v. Baltic,
"Mrs. Lucien Robinson, Mrs. Kilen Hlan
tfer. Miss M. Trimmers, Miss Rose Ca
! hill and Miss Annie D. Stelnhart. had
prepared a most acceptable programme
that was made up of piano selections,
recitations, vocal solos, specialties and
fancy dancing, presented by Mrs. Hei
m.ins. Master H. Heimnns. Miss Fern
Van Meier. Miss Kmma Geary, Miss Pearl
Van Meier. Miss Alice Pe^Wn, Tommy G.
Eggert and Miss Elsie Cahul. There Was
also a very Interesting address by Zach
j T. Whltten of Redwood Camp, to give
I to the uninitiated an idea of what the or
ia< - !."■ Tr»«» rlon* of the entertainment
One marriage is indicated. You have some
mechanical ability.
.MISS LUCY H.— Your palm indicates a
nervous, restless disposition. Too venture
some for your own good. Your life line
shows that you will have to be careful
of your health between 30 and 40. Strong
will and logic; independent in thought and
action. You are sensitive, proud and very
I ambitious.
HENRY" \V\, Santa Cruz— You will have
to be careful of your health between 30
and 40. There are many journeys for you.
You are independent and cautious. One
1 marriage is shown. Circumstances have
I been very much against you. You have a
| good will and logic strongly marked. You
j are restless and fond of change.
MILDRED G., Benicia— A life In which
tragedy plays a part. You are very am
bitious and will live to realize your, high
est ambitions. You will witness the death
of one you love. You will die tragically
at the age of 50. You are self-reliant and
willful. There are two marriages indi
cated.
CLARA R.— You will not marry, not
from a sour disposition but because of an
; unfortunate disappointment in love caused
iby an outside interference. YOU will live
a useful life, with tho care of others to
take up your time. You will arways be
taken care of and have no hard struggle
! with fate. Have crossed the ocean and
will travel extensively.
ELLA W., Santa Cruz— This hand shows
j an unhappy childhood, with many priva
tions. A shrinking, sensitive nature. Your
education is retarded by the influences of
your family, caused by lack of means.
Good will power, but lack of energy. You
oft' n place yourself at a disadvantage by
your poor judgment.
MRS. ADA X.. Contra Costa— You have
a thorough business hand, being firm,
clear and to the point in all things. Are
logical, can keep a secret, moral, honor
able and would be a good teacher and
guide for the young. You will marry
twice. Two journeys of importance. You i
Will have three children.
MISS HELEN P.. Newcastle— You are |
generous and frank. There are two jour
neya strongly marked. There have been
many changes for you. You will be most
successful at tin age of 85. There are two ;
marriages. Your second marriage will be
much happier than the first. You have an ;
artistic temperament.
MR. L. BURCATE— Yoiir hand reveals
a character full of whims; a quarrelsome.
aggressive spirit. The fate line shows a
great loss in finances at 34. An accident
by lire Is plainly marked. Two journeys I
of importance. <>n one of those journeys
sou will meet your fate.
MRS. J. L.. Contra Costa— You are high;
spirited and fond of argument. Very vain, j
proud and ambitious. Have been a widow
twice; will marry again. You have two j
children. There have been two lawsuits I
within the last two .'.ears that have'
caused you considerable mental anxiety. (
A strong will and decision of character
manifest themselves.
M. 1... Santa Clara*- Your palm plainly I
indicates a great future. You have great
powers of concentration, originality, in- i
dividuality and versatility, which will i
make you a great writer. Your greatest
a will be .''t the ;ik>- of 35. You will I
be assisted by those in power.
M.-,rlame Xpf-rgaiml, pupil of St. Germain,
feiPiitiflr pnlrn reading. 616 Geary st., above
.T,,ncs. Telephone Hyde 2fi2i.
WHY SHE DID IT.
"Why is it." they asked, "that you let
your husband have his own way in every
thing?"
"Because," she replied. "I like to have
some one to blame when things go
wrong. "—Boston Journal.
wns a well arranged programme 6f danc
ing:. During the evening the circle re
ceived twenty-six applications from those
who expressed .1 desire to join. The cir
cli expects to pass the 250 mark by the
lirst (if June.
COURT SUTRO HEIGHTS. F. OF A.
Court Sutro Heights, Foresters of
America, at' its hist held meeting had a
good attendance of members and received |
il applications for membership.- The.
court has under consideration a plan for
the purpose oi making the meetings in its
pr. tty ii;i!l In the Native Sons' building of
fl most attractive nature, bo that .ill the
members will be pleased to attend and
an intellectual programme "f num
bers. There was an Interesting discus-
Bion on the subject, and many good Ideas
were brought out. Action will probably
b< taken on the proposition at the nexi
mci U
[NDEP !•: X I ) KNT FOR EBT ERS.
Court Oakland of Oakland gave a graad
talnment of a musical chacai t
the 21s1 Inst., at which there was a good
attendance, ft was in celebration of the
court's tiftli anniversary. In addition to
a delightful musical programme there
were addresses bj s. .1. Duckworth, su
perintendent "i' the organizer's depart
and High Chief Ranger <;. A. Mc-
El fresh of Los Angeles,
During the earning month Superihtend
ent Organizers Duckworth, with a
of officers, will make a torn- of
Mendoctno County with a view to estab
lish courts where none now exist. There
will be public meetings in i-a<-h place vis
ited.
Past Chief Ranger Bailey and M. Brown
of Court Castro of Llvermore were in this
city last week making arrangements for
an entertainment to be given by thai
1 ourt in the near future.
THE DRUIDS.
Last Thursday tin grand officers paid
a Visit to the prove in Salinas and found
it in condition.
During the past week the officers of
Couri Aurora conferred t h*- second d<
on three candidates. The officers of this
grove will lie installed next Tuesday.
Pleasanton Grove initiated two candi
dates last Tuesday.
Templar drove Will install its officers
to-morrow and Hesperian and Persever
ance will install on Tuesday,
To-day Mayfleld Grove "will picnic at
Druids' l*vrk in Mayfleld. Petaluma and
Cypress Groves have arranged for- a pic
nic to-day and Templar Grove will hold
a picnic in San Jose on the Hth of May.
Aurora. Alpinl. Galileo and Volta have
arranged for a joint picnic at BfirabeL
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
A new lodge, the first in the Territory
of Alaska, was instituted at Juneau on
the 10th inst. by •' a. Knight, P. S. c,
with sixteen charter members. L. L.
Blumenthal Is the C. C. and s. Wangen
h''im K. of R. and S.
Past Supreme Representative T. J.
Crowley has been appointed a grand tri
bune, vice George \\\ Fox. deceased.
During the pasi week Grand chancellor
Pattern and 11. Schaffner, <;. K. of R. and
S.. paid official visits to Brooklyn. Ala
meda and Amazon lodges, which met in
joint session in Oakland; Redwood <'ity
Lodge, Myrtle and Syracuse lodges, [n
joint session in Sn;i Francisco, and Unity,
Bay City, Sequoia and Mars lodges, also
in joint session in San Francisco.
X"XI Tuesday he will visit lodges in
West Oakland. 011 Wedneday lodges In
the hall of Ivanhoe Lodge in San Fran
cisco; Thursday he will he in San Jose
and Friday in l-"s (Jatos.
B'NB BRIT'H.
A new lodge has been Instituted by the
grand president at Baker City, Or.
Last Thursday the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger
delivered :!:i Interesting lecture on "Palis
tine" In B. B. Hall to members and their
friends.
Returns from the local lodges and from
those in the interior show that there has
he. mi activity in all quarters. During the
tirst quarter then- was a 111 t f^aiii of forty
members.
conn' LINCOLN, A. O. F.
On the evening of Tuesday, the 9th of
May, Court Lincoln No. 8517 of the An
cient Order of Foresters will give a re
ception to its friends In celebration of its!
third anniversary. There will be a card
party for those who wish to play whist or
progressive euchre, and then a dance.
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
High Chief Ranger Max Boebm has just
returned from a visit in Humboldt Coun
ty. During his absence he visited Court
Scotia at the place of that name. Court 1
Korbell, Court Sequoia and court Colum
bia. At each place there was a public
meeting, and he delivered an address, and
at 1 aon place he received that welcome 1
and was made aware of the hospitality:
for which these Foresters are noted. On !
these visits he was accompanied by For- ;
esters prominent in that section of the
country. At Court Sequoia the circle of
Eureka attended the public meeting in a!
body. This court owns its own hall, whioh
is the handsomest fraternal home in Eu
reka. The court at Columbia has a large
membership, has $1000 in bank and owns
32* acres of land.
THE OLD FRIENDS.
At the meeting of Old Friends last
Wednesday night twenty-three applicants
were admitted to membership. It was de
cided that there shall be a bullshead
breakfast at Colma in San Mateo County
in the latter part of May and that In June
the society shall hold high jinks In Its j
hall.
Hale , s ,_ Si*?: !_ s^!: .
) closed all day Monday, in honor of Admiral Dewey and his men : \
>busy as bees Tuesday: F
happy all the week: V
"good goods" all the time. J
\ Tuesday will be our seventh )
' birthday in San Francisco:
we shall celebrate it in a
proper way: see our adyer-
l tisement Tuesday morning. \
' : •
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist Church, Eddy street, near
Jones— Rev. E. A. Wocds.
Morning— "lnvestments on Faith."
Ing— "Noah as a Preacher," with
on "Dens of Vice and the Law."
Free Baptist, Bush street, near Larkin—
Rev. W. R. Balr.
Morning — "A
"Light.".
Royal
Exile."
Evening
Emannuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
Morning -"The Character of Judah." Even-
ing— "Fell Among Thieves": barytom
solos by Dr. Gibson and Russell Lowry.
, _
St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
j Morning— Rev. Father Chiappa will preacl
, on the Gospel at 10:30 mass; commence-
ment of May devotions; Rev. Father .a..
zia will preach on the prophecy of tht
i blessed virgin, "All Generations Shall Cal!
i Me. Bless)
St Patrick's Church, Mission street, be-
tween Third and Fourth— Rev. Father
Gray.
Morning Low masses at 6, 7. 8, << and 1.
o'clock; mission for married women wii
be opened by Father Distler at the I
o'clock solemn high mass. Evening — Ser-
mon by Rev. Father MeOeough.
St Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
6'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prendergast.
V. G.
Morning Ma---- at 10:30; sermon by Fathei
E. I. Dempsey on the Gospel of tie- .la,
Evening— Sermon by Father Charles A.
Ramm. '
St. Mary's, Dupont and California streets—
Paul Ist Fathers.
Morning— Mass at 10:30: sermon by one ol
the fathers. Evening— Sermon by Re
Father John Casey, c. S. P., "Vocation;
and Fortune Telling."
First Congregational, corner Post and Eddy
streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Morning— "Oliver Cromwell." Evenii
"Old Testament Geography—
Bethanv Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
Morning— "Thomas or Christ's Method With
an Honest Skeptic." Evening— ser-
vice between -'. and >'. o'clock.
Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue
and Clement street— Rev. P. Cuumbe.
Morning "The Immovable Kingdom and
How We May Live in It." Evening— "The
Crusade Against Gambling," by request.
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. 11. T. Shepard.
Morning — "Progressive Revelation."
ing— "Higher Living."
Even-
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Morning— "The Crowning of Christ." Even-
Ing- "Mobs and Government by Law":
prelude, "The Market Street Gambling
Matter." ;:;■ •-*:'.'.-.-'
German Evangelical, corner Twelfth and
Stevenson streets— Rev. F. W. Fischer.
Morning— "Sermon by Rev. c. Boiler of
Buffalo, N. V. Evening— will be
held by the V. P. Z. Society.
St Luke's Van Ness avenue ami Clay
street Rt. Rev William Hall Moreland.
rector In charge; Rev. W. C. Shaw, as-
sistant. '.\'.<'. . ''■-'•'•-■■;■<
Morning — Holy communion at 9 o'clock;
- morning prayer and sermon at 11. Even-
ing Evensong and sermon.
Trinity. Rush and Gough streets— Rev. 11.
E. Cooke.
Morning Prayer and sermon by the pastor.
Evening - Same.
St. Peter's Episcopal. Filbert and Stockton
i streets— Rev. Marion 1). Wilson.
Morning— 7:3o, holy communion; 9:45, Sun-
day school; 11. morning prayer with ser-
mon by rector. Evening "Gambling."
St Stephen's, Fillmore and Fulton streets
—Rev. E. J. Lion.
Morning — Holy communion at 7 o'clock;
morning prayer 4: 11. Evening— Evensong
at 7:45 o'clock.
St Stephen's Mission, 1712
Rev. S. J. Lee.
street—
Morning— Sunday school at 9:30.
Evensong at 8 o'clock.
Evening-
St James Mission. Sixth avenue and Clem-
ent street. Richmond— Rev. W. 11. Rat-
cliffe.
Morning— Sunday school at ■ 9:45; - morning
prayer at 11 by Rev, S. J. Lee. Evening
—Evensong at 8 o'clock.'
First English Lutheran, Geary street, near
Gough— Rev. E. Nelander.
Morning— "Bearing One Another's Bur-
dens." Evening — "Mint, Anise and Cum-
min."
Bethel African .M. E. Church. Powell
■street, near Jackson— Rev. W. B. An-
derson.
Morning Sermon by Rev. S. Johnson.
Evening— Professor Dobbins and wife will
conduct their celebrated Illustrated Gospel
service. "A Ship Without a Pilot."
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. - Evening-
Same.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Same.
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-first and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Trinity M. E., corner Fulton street and
Allston way, Berkeley— Rev. John CoyH.
Potrero M. E. Tennessee street, near Bo-
lano— Rev. S. M. Woodward.
California Street' M. E., Broderick and Cal-
ifornia streets— Rev. Frederick C. Lee.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor,
ing— Same.
Even-
Morning— "Formative Influences. Even-
ing— "Abraham" : prelude, "-Admirable
Admiral Dewey."
Simpson Memorial M. E.. corner Hayes and
Buchanan— Rev. -John Stephens.
Morning— "The Choir Invisible." _
"What We Think of Ourselves."
Starr King A. M. E. Zlon, Stockton street,
near Clay— Rev. T. Brown.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Address on the recent inhuman lynching
tragedies committed at Newman, ; Ga.,
Louisiana and Texarkana and elsewhere
in. the South.
First M. E., Powell street, near Washing-
ton—Rev. W. S. Urmy.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor,
ing— Same.
Richmond Methodist, northeast corner of
Clement street and Fourth avenue— Rev.
George Raugh.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor.
Ing— Same.-
Howard M. E.,' Howard street, between
Second and Third— Rev. John A. B. Wil-
son.
Morning— "Old Paths Methodistic." Even
ing— "Dewey and Lessons From His Life.'
Central Methodist Episcopal. Mission street.
between ' Sixth and Seventh— Rev. Charles
Edward Locke.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Dr. Dllle of Oak
land. Evening— "Dewey's Victory' and th(
New Problems and Opportunities Whirl
it Brings to Church and State," by the
pastor.
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street— Rev. Dr. Mackenzie.
Morning— Sermon! by pastor. Evenir
"Protestantism, its Essential Unity."
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth avenue
and Railroad avenue— Rev. Herbert N.
Bevier. - :> V' ,
Morning— "The Christian's Rule of Life."
Evening— "The Fight for Purity."
Calvary Presbyterian,. Powell and Geary
streets— J. Hemphill.
Morning— Special musical programme. Even-
ing— "Superaboundlng Grace."
Franklin street Presbyterian, corner Frank-
lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David James.
Morning— "The Sin of Covetousness." Even-
ing— "The Inheritance of the Saints."
First United Presbyterian, Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. II Bell.
Stewart Memorial,- U. P., Guerrero street,
near Twenty-third— Rev. W. K. Dugan.
Morning— "The Fruitless Fig Tree." Even-
ing— "Christ's Call to Humanity."
Morning— "Some Qualifications of the Spirit-
ual Life." Evening— "Gambling Hells of
San Francisco." " V. -~'~- V-V.~?V":
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
Webster streets— S. S. Cryor.
Trinity Presbyterian, corner Twenty-third
and Capp streets— Rev. Alexander N. Car-
son..
Morning— "The Church Under the Christian
Dispensation." Evening— "Gambling."
Morning- Prayer. Evening— "Signs of the
Times, Social and Religious."
Second Unitarian. Twentieth
street— A. J. Wells. -
and - Capp
Morning— "The Larger World Which Life
Reports." Evening— "Self-mastery.
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
and Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebblns
emeritus; Dr. Stopford W. Brooke, pro'
tempore.
Morning— Sermon by Dr. Brooke. "Thou
Shalt Not Steal— ls Property Theft?"
Hamilton Square. Post street, near Steiner
— cv. 'W. C. Jenkins.
Morning— "God Is Love." Evening— "Christ
the Way."
Y. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets—
David James.
Afternoon— Services for men only; address
by Rev. David James.
First Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter street, near Grant ave-
nue—The Bible and • Science and Health
with Key to the Scriptures. *
Morning— "Adam anc^ Fallen Man."
Reorganized. Church of Jesus Christ 320
Post street— Rev. C.F. Perkins.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
; ing—Same.
Chosen Friends.
On the ISth inst. Garden City Council
of San Jose received tnree petitions. On
the 19th Sacramento Council elected three
candidates, initiated two and received
three petitim's. Last Thursday the offi
cers of Evans Council initiated three can
didates for Crystal Council and one for
Itself. Social Council met last night in
the hall of Sunset Council and initiated
two candidates.
There will be a meeting next Wednes
day night of the twentieth anniversary
celebration committee.
<lrand Recorder Wallia has in the hands
of the printer the proceeding* of the
Grand Council, which concluded its labors
on th»- 12th hist The same will be ready
for distribution to-morrow or the day af
ter.
Past Grand Councilor Boehm visited
Starr Council of Eureka last week
cordially received and was th<- guest nf
honor at a banquet al which there wire
present about a hundred and fifty per
sons. On the occasion of "his visit the
council Initiated three candidates.
Order of Americus.
San Francisco Council ai Its open meet*
inpr last Tuesday night entertaim cl a
large number of friends with a carefully
selected programme, including an inter
esting and well delivered address on the
Philippines by ex-Judge Robert Ferral.
and liKbt refreshments were
Enterta this chai
will be held aft isiness meeting.
NEW ESSAY BY DR. BURGESS.
A brief essay on "A Question of Con
sciousness." by Dr. O. O. Burgess of this
city, baa attracted the attention of scien
tific nun. Its point Is, apart from r<
tton, to prove the Individualized! immor
tality of the human soul. The argument
is closely knit together and is expressed
with unusual ters< ness and precision. Dr.
Burges ds the human body as a
material and transitory complexity, and
therefore perishable; bui the soul
emanation from the our- substance of
eternal being, wrought into a segregated
personality by the experiences of lif<
because it is simple and elementary, in
capab th or fundamental change.
The essay is marked by originality and
well deservea the concentrated attention
it exacts.
" THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
The easiest of easy
1 chairs — Morris chair in
• solid oak $450
Morris chairs are more popular than
ever— as popular as comfort. Some as
elegant as comfortable, in solid ma-
j hogany, hand carved, $30. Shown
■ with parlor goods, on _ second floor,
i where easy chairs and divans abound.
I Tapestry Portieres fringed top and
I bottom, in neat patterns and warm
I colors. Full double-door width,... 51.75
Oriental Portierres are in vogue more
'■■ than ever. Some at $12 were selected
! as being about the top of the art of
! portiere-making.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Our rug room has that sumptuous
look that only a wealth of rugs can
give. Moquettes, Smyrnas, and all
the others; tell stock of large sizes, to
fit most every room.
Grey Goatskin Rug, 3x6 ft, of long
fur, soft and worm 51.15
Free delivery. Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
233 to 237 Post St.. S. F.
Open evenings Near Stockton
' . — : . ; 'J
OMB / I I /*
RADWAIS'S READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
1-*.= Hom.rtv. It instantly relieves and quickly
°iir. 9 *\ Cola "- Sora Throats. Influenza Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, r.i^.imatißin. Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothache and all pain* Internal^
lor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All Qrugguw.