VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 173.
PARIS ON THE ROCKS,
PASSENGERS RESCUED
SMALL CHANCE OF
SAVING STEAMER
FAX.MOUTH, May 21.— The Ameri- |
can line steamer Paris, Captain
Watkins, from Southampton and j
Cherbourg for New York, struck
on an outlying- ridge of the mana- ;
cles early this morning at a point half!
a mile from where the wrecked— At
lantic transport line Mohegan lies, and
five miles from Falmouth. The Paris, \
which sailed from Southampton yes
terday, called at Cherbourg and picked 1
up fifty passengers. She left Cher
bourg at 6 o'clock last evening. Soon
after 1 o'clock this morning' at hi^h
tide and in" a dense fog she ran ashore.
From the first there was no danger.
Lifeboats and tugs were soon literally
swarming around the vessel rendering
assistance. A majority of the pas
sengers, who numbered 380, were ]
brought to Faknoufh, where they ob- i
▼ tined lodgings for the night.
Captain Watkins reported that his
ship was lying comfortably in smooth
water and there was no occasion for ;
any alarming reports. He reported the
passengers and crew all well.
The first: indication. of the vessel's
striking the' rocks was a slight grating |
pound, which was followed by a second
and more pronounced shock. The look- ;
out shouted that the- ■ was something '
looming ahead, but before there was j
time to reverse the" engines the ship
had gone on the rocks. 200 yards from
the shore. Assistance was summoned j
by means of rockets, and the coast
guards promptly telephoned to the life- j
paving staticm for boats.
A majority of the passengers were
not aware that an accident had hap
pened until they -were called up by the
stewards. On reaching the deck they
found the ship's boats in perfect readi
ness for their reception. The sea was j
perfectly calm, and the only discom
fort that the passengers experienced j
was caused by the slight rain that was
falling at the time. Owing to the calm- i
ness of the sea, the boats could be man- j
aged with entire safety.
Perfect order prevailed aboard t^he i
vessel. Captain Watkins stood on the !
bridge giving orders, and his perfect
self-possession and calmness of. _ de
meanor had a reassuring effect upon j
the passengers. In accordance with the !
instruction of the captain, the women j
id children were the first to-be taken j
off the ship. Such perfect order was
maintained that a passenger described
the scene as simply a slow procession. of
women and children walking In single
file to the boats.
At daybreak the position of the vessel
could be better discerned. The brilliant
St. Anthony light, at the entrance of
Falmouth harbor, could be dis^^v
guished plainly through the mi styr^||j|jj
and the* still standing masts of '$Si§l«
fated Mohegan could be seen n'.^^
It is said that a Falmouth *' pilot
showed a warning signal to the Paris,
telling the captain that he would put
the vessel on top of the Mohegan if he
did not alter the course of the ship.
The warning, however, came too late
and the Paris struck on a ridge to the
westward of the manacles.
rlt is suggested that as this is only
their second trip from Cherbourg, the
officers of the Paris were not* familiar
with the course. The crew of the Paris
are still aboard the vessel.
It is believed that the steamer, has a
large rent in her bottom In the forward
part of the ship. Tug« are standing
by her and will assist in an effort to,, get
her off the rocks.
Further details of the disaster show
that when the vessel struck the
'irr>w were summoned on deck. The
Fusengers appearing were met. in the
companion-way with comforting words
and assurances of . their , safety. Ex
ceptional coolness was shown on all
Bides, the stewards distributing coffee
and stimulants to all who desired them.
Captain Watkins had his gig lowered
The San Francisco Call.
and rowed ashore in order to ascertain
his whereabouts and to telegraph t"
Falmouth for tups to assist his ship.
In the meantime rockets were sent up
and signal guns were fired.
When dawn broke every one on board
was relieved to find the short- on one
Bide and lifeboats lying near by on the
other. The Vessel lay with her head to
the southwest, the reversing of her en
gines having put her Broadside on to] I
thf- rocks. Happily the sea was smooth
and there was no wind. Otherwise
there would probably have been a dif
ferent tale to tell.
Th- dangers of the vicinity were
strikingly brought home to the pas
rs and crew by the masts of the
wrecked Bteamer Mohegan, which are
sticking out of the water, and by a
miserable bell buoy, which tolls almost
constantly as though sounding a death
knell.
When Captain Watkins returned
from his trip ashore he learned that
there was already considerable water
in the hold, and the tugs which had ar.
riv.d stood by in readiness for any
emergency. All the passengers were
transferred to the tug Drago-n, but be
yond the clothes they wore they took
nothing with them. They were landed
at Falmouth shortly a.fter 7 o'clock, the
local agents of the American line meet
ing them and providing them with
every care and quartering them at the
various hotels and the Sailors' Home.
When the Paris struck the tide was
within an hour of the Mood, and this
proved insufficient to- raise her off the
rocks. Hundreds of people visited the
scene during the day.
The passengers are lavish In their
praise wf the admirable behavior of the
rs and crew, and declare that it
was due to their self-possession that
no accident occurred to any one. Per
fect discipline, they say, was main
tained throughout.
It is stated that those in charge of
the Paris were so perfectly confident
that they were pursuing the proper
course that the vessel was steaming
eighteen or nineteen knots an hour
when they struck.
There will be little danger to the
steamer if the long calm continues, but
should the wind veer to the east or
southeast, the consequences might be
serious. The tugs left the scene at
about 0 o'clock.
In connection with the accident to
the Paris it will be of interest to
mariners and travelers to hear that
persist- nv agitation since the wreck of
th<- .Mohegan has at last induced the
Trinity brethren to act, and last week
they promised to erect a gas-lighted,
automaWc sound-producing buoy on the
lpanacles in place c-f the useless bell
buoy now there. Gangs of men on light
ers have gone to the stranded steamer
to take off the belongings of the pas
sengers. It is reported that two for
ward compartments of the Paris are
full of water.
Thomas Allen of London, a passenger
on the Paris, on his way to New York,
says: "I was in bed when the accident
happened. I heard a grating sound, and
then several hard thumps on the rocks
shook the ship. The vessel then seemed
to atop dead. A few minutes later I
luard some one calling, 'All hands on
deck.' I roused my chum, who was
still asleep, and we' went on deck. We
were told to secure our life belts, and
we returned below and got them. We
were not allowed to return to the deck
at that time. All were kept waiting
below. After the first summons a few
of the passengers appeared in their
night clothes, but as scon as they dis
covered that there was no danger they
returned to their rooms and made
themselves ready to leave the ship.
The passengers ail behaved in the best
possible manner, There was no
screaming on the part of the women.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MAY 22, 1899.
£. LONDON, May 22. — All the morning papers comment
f editorially on the accident to the Paris, calling attention to
♦ the strange coincidence with the Mohegan wreck, in which
1 the loss of all the officers left the posit/on of the ship, so
•r far out of its proper . course, unexplained, the verdict only
;,i> showing a slack lookout. '*
f The Morning Post and the Daily Mai I call attention to
♦ the "mysterious and treacherous currents in the channel,"
t urge an improved system of buoys and call for a postpone
<•• me/it of judgment until the fullest investigation shall have
| been had.
f LIVERPOOL May 21. — The American line agents here
1; have been informed that the prospects of salvage are good
i as long as the wind keeps moderate from the west or north.
©^•■-♦--^-♦— <c ♦•♦?♦? ♦ -.s>--♦ -<$>>> <$._♦_ -♦-<s>-♦-s>-♦- <s•-♦- -<s'-♦- <S^*--3 > -»-vS> -♦-<s>-
and the mtrst perfect order was main
tained. We were kept waiting below
for an hour. Coffee and biscuits were
served and then we entered the ship's
boats. Steam tugs brought us to Fal
mouth."
Among the passengers of the Paris
were many poor female emigrants,
mostly foreigners. All have been safely
housed In the Sailors' Home here.
One of the women described her ex
perience as follows: "I was awake
when the vessel struck. I heard a
dragging sound and felt a shock; then
the engines stopped. I went upstairs to
find out what the matter was. I could
see the land quite plainly. I thought
the ship had stopped to take on pas
sengers. I did not think there was any
thing wrong and I returned to bed and
stayed there half an hour. Then a
steward told me to get up. I said:
'There's my baby; don't wake him.'
The steward replied: 'If you want to
save your baby, get up.' I got up and
dressed myself and the baby and went
on deck. We were much frightened,
but there was no confusion. They
treated us in the kindliest planner and
finally brought us here on a tug."
Mrs. Batcheler, a sister of United
States Senator Vest of Missouri, who
embarked at Cherbourg, says the
weather was wet and nasty when they
left port. She retired early, and at
about 1 o'clock was awakened by a tre
mendous crash, which at first seemed to
arise from the machinery. Then every
thing became so quiet that she did
not leave her berth. Soon afterward,
however, she was aroused by a stew
ard, who urged the passengers to dress
and go on deck immediately. Putting
on a few things Mrs. Batcheler hurried
above, and found hundreds of half
dressed passengers there tefore her.
The officers were busily engaged in
preparing the boats for launching and
calming the passengers, though there
was comparatively little excitement, as
it was evident that the ship was not
sinking, and at daybraek all were as
sured by glimpses of the sh<,-re.
Mrs. Batcheler said that some of the
passengers asserted that they heard
Captain Watkins say: "I am tfnable
to understand how this happended."
There was no fog when Mrs. Batcheler
went on deck, but only a misty rain.
The worst trouble, she says, arose in
transferring the passengers in small
boats to the tugs. "The officers and
crew," she observed, "worked like Tro
jans in getting the old people and chil
t dren off, and they certainly deserve
great praise."
PASSENCERS TELL HOW
THE ROCKS WERE STRUCK
FALMOUTH, May 21.— H. W. South
worth, one of the Paris' passengers, an
Englishman, says: "The Paris had
good weather most of the evening, the
moon being about three-quarters full
NEAR THE WRECK
OF THE MOHEGAN
and at the zenith at 9 o'clock. The
weather was misty but not foggy.
When the vessel struck most of the
passengers were asleep. She seemed to
rise, then quivered, grated over the
rock and stood still with a slight list to
port. The shock suggested striking a
derelict or a small vessel! and the pos
sibility of bring on the rocks therefore
was not suggested until the stewards
were heard crying, 'All hands on deck —
captain's orders.' Many came on deck
in their nightclothing. One man wore
his underclothing and his wife's fur
cape, but his appearance caused so
much smiling that his wife sent him
down to dress, which he did in the
music room to the equal amusement of
all. There were no signs of panic.
The soundings showed nine fathoms of
water forward and fourteen aft, but
the ship rested on a flat rock, while the
rocks rising on each side held her al
most erect. The officers' log deter
mined the position of the Paris, and
the position of the wreck of the Mohe
gan shows that the Paris was even
more out of her course than the Mohe
gan, she having passed between the
Mohegan and the shore, and then, when
the mistake was discovered, having
changed her course in the hope of
clearing the rocks thus miraculously
escaping- the manacles."
Captain G. W. McCallum of Pittsbur"
Bays: "I heard a tremendous crash,
and as a steamboat man I knew we
were on the bottom and that if she
slipped from the rock we would be in
Queer street. Hurriedly putting on my
clothing I went upstairs, where I met
the steward, who was shouting, 'All
hands on deck.' As I reached the deck
1 could just make out the masts of the
Mohegan. Officers and crew worked
hard to restore confidence, and the
women seemed calmer than many of
the men. As soon as the tugs arrived
I knew we were all safe, as the sea was
calm and there would be no trouble in
transferring us."
Captain Scott of the ship Kinross
says: "I was bringing my vessel into
Falmouth harbor when the accident to
the Paris occurred. St. Anthtmy light
was clearly visible for five or six miles,
and I heard the bell of the manacles
buoy as we passed. A misty rain was
falling, but there was no fog, and I saw
the line nearly all the way from the
Lizard. It is impossible for me to un
derstand how the Paris got into that
position any better than the Mohegan.
The pc-ssibiltiy of mistaking the St.
Anthony light for the Lizard light is
ridiculous, as the former is a revolving
oil light, low down, and the Lizard
light is two fixed electric lamps on a
high cliff."
Mrs. A. G. Spauling of Chicago says:
"I was well forward and felt the shock.
When I aroused toy maid she insisted
upon staying in bed, exclaiming, 'If we
must drown, let us drown in bed.' It was
Continued on Socond Paro.
REPORTED
SINKING OF
A GUNBOAT
Nicaraguan Vessel San Ja-
cinto Said to Have Fired
on the Detroit.
THEN SENT TO BOTTOM
While the Story Lacks Confirmation
it Is Probable, Owing to the
Priciion at Bluetields.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLON, Colombia, May 21— A rumor
which has reached here from Bocas del
Toro states the Nicaraguan gunboat
San Jacinto fired at the American
cruiser Detroit, and the latter replied,
sinking the gunboat. The report lacks
confirmation.
Bocas del Toro is a town on the island
adjacent to the southern entrance of
th<- great Chiriqui lagoon. This en
trance is also called Bocas del Toro
(bull's jaw, from its peculiar shape).
The town has about 3000 people and is
in Costa Rican territory, as is Chiriqui |
lagoon. The cruiser Detriot is of 2089
tmi? displacement and 18.7 knots speed.
She carries ten five-inch rapid-fire
guns, her main battery and also eleven
six-pounder and smaller guns. No in
formation as to- the size or armament
of the San Jacinto is obtainable, but it
is known that n<me of the Central
American States has a war vessel able
to cope with even an unprotected
cruiser, suih as the Detroit.
WASHINGTON. May 21.— No official
confirmation of the reported engage
ment between the United States cruiser
Detroit and the Nicarguan gunboat San
Jacinto had been received by the
naval authorities up to a late hour to
night. Secretary Long had retired and
could not be seen, but Charles H. Allen,
• Assistant Secretary of the Navy, said
he had heard nothing about the mat
ter.
The Detroit is commanded by Com
mander James H. Dayton. She has
been stationed at Bluetields ever since
the beginning of the existing tn/übles
between American merchants and the
Nlcarguan Government over the pay
ment of duties on goods which had al
ready been taxed. The Detroit recently
went to Colon, Colombia, to coal and
to communicate with the Navy Depart
ment, messages from Commander Day
ton having failed to reach Washing
ton. She has just returned, or is re
turning, from Colon to Bluefields.
Standard books on naval subjects do
not contain any reference to the San
Jacinto, but she is probably a very
small vessel converted from a yacht
or tug and not an actual man of war.
The existing difficulties in Nicaragua
are the outgrowth of the recent rebel
lion in the Department of Zelaya, of
which Bluefields is the capital. Colo
nel Reyes, head of the revolutionary
movement, opened the Bluefields Cus
tom-house and proceeded to levy
duties at the rates charged by the
"government. There are large Ameri
can interests at Bluefields, chiefly in
the hands of the Bluefields Steamship
Company of New Orleans. American
merchants paid duty to Reyes on con
signments of goods received during the
revolution, and after it had ended
through a mutual agreement between
Reyes and the government the latter
insisted that the American merchants
should pay the duties over again. The
merchants refused to pay and were
subjected to persecution by Colonel
Torres, the new Governor of the de
partment, who had once been removed
after the Corlnto trouble on the de
mand of the United States. Torres
hates the Americans, and he did not
hesitate to show his dislike. Mer
chants were advised by the United
States to pay the extra duties under
protest and trust to the refunding of
the money through diplomatic means,
but declined, and, sealing up the ware
house in which the g00d.9 were stored,
raised the stars and stripes over the
buildings. Colonel Torres then called
the attention of the merchants to the
law of Nicaragua that no foreign flags
should be flown except over legations
and consular offices or on national hol
idays. The merchants said they did
not give a rap for the law and kept
Old Glory on the poles.
Torres was evidently afraid to open
the warehouses forcibly while the
American flag was floating over them,
and the goods were not seized. Final
ly it was arranged between Nicaragua
and the United States that the duties
should be paid over by the merchants
to the British Consul at San Juan del
Norte or Greytown and held by him
pending diplomatic adjustment. This
was satisfactory to the merchants, and
the matter is now being discussed dip
lomatically.
The feeling engendered by these in
cidents has been bitter, however, and
Americans are not popular in Nicara
gua. Owing to her draft, the Detroit
has been unable to get within several
miles of Bluefields, and the converted
yacht Vixen has just started from
Hampton Roads for Bluefields to give
CRUISER DETROIT, Reported to Have Sunk the Nica
raguan Gunboat San Jadnto.
HUNDREDS MADE
HOMELESS BY THE
FIRE AT DAWSON
Hardly Enough Provisions Saved
to Prevent a Famine in the
Klondike Capital.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 21.— The
immense conflagration , which
wiped out three-quarters of the
entire area of, Dawson, the Klon
dike capital, on April 26th was a
terrible a*nd awe inspiring sight. Tok
las, the mounted police driver, who ac
companied the adventurers, L. F. Hume
and Thomas P. Reilly, who brought out
the new:; of the fire as far as Bennett,
with the intention of selling it, says the
scene was almost indescribable. In an
incredibly short time after the fire
originated, the whole area occupied by
what is known as the water front strip.
Front street from Timmins' Royal Cafe
to the Fairview Hotel, the area between
Front and Second streets and contigu
ous buildings were a mass of leaping,
crackling flames, which lighted up the
snow-clad ranges at the back of the
city as though a whole range of vol
canoes had suddenly erupted. This
district is considered the very heart of j
the business section, and in a few hours
after the fire began all that was left
of the one hundred and eleven buildines
and mercantile establishments which I
stood there was a heap of costly debris
and charred embers.
The cause of the fire was the same as
in the majority of the fires which have j
taken place at the Yukon capital — the
explosion of a kerosene lamp during a i
drunken debauch in a disorderly house j
a few doors from the opera house. Two j
; of the female inmates, Toklas says, had
j a fight in the house and in the scuffle a
i lamp was dashed to the floor. Before
their licfuor-confused brains could grasp
what had happened the cabin was in
flames.
Pedestrians passing at 3 o'clock in
the morning saw flames shoot from
the windows of the building, and a
moment later several women and four
I drunken miners rushed into the street,
i two of the unfortunate females with
their ciothing on fire. In another mo
ment the cabin was a sheet of fire, and
the strong north wind then prevailing
caught up the fire and fanned it
against the adjoining buildings. Soon
the block was a sea of dancing flames,
which roared like a furfiace as the
heavy winds blew them along the
street.
Those who were on hand when the
fire broke- out from the cabin where it
had its origin, instead of calling out
the fire brigade, made an abortive at
tempt to subdue the fire. Thus a dis
astrous delay was occasioned, which
allowed the fire to gain considerable
headway. When the fire brigade ar
rived the conflagration was beyond
control.
With the scanty supply of wafer
available and the insufficient appara
tus the citizens were powerless and be
came demoralized. For a few mo
ments they stood aghast, watching the
fire rushing along the streets *- the
heavy gusts of wind swept down from
the mountain ranges back of the city
and drove it along in sheets and clouds
rather than flames.
When they rallied they soon saw that
it was as useless to endeavor to stay the
more immediate protection to Ameri
cans and their interests.
Granting that the report front Colon
is true, it is not likely that war be
tween Nicaragua and the United
States will result. If the San JacTnto
fired first, as reported, this Govern
ment will probably demand an imme
diate apology and the payment of
heavy indemnity, and will permit the
matter to pass with that. Nicaragua
is not likely to make a commotion over
the incident. _
LONG'S INSTRUCTIONS
TO GUNBOAT VIXEN
Navy Department to Be Constantly-
Informed of Conditions in
Nicaragua.
NEW YORK. May 21.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Under in
structions given by Secretary Long to
Lieutenant Commander W. W. Kimball,
commanding the gunboat Vixen, now on
her way to Bluefields, Nicaragua, that
officer will maintain constant telegraphic
communication with the department.
This order is in addition to that requir
ing him to protect American interests
along the Central American coasts and
is for the purpose of preventing any inter
ruption in communication between the
department and men-of-war of the United
States cruising in Central American wa
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
conflagration, which rushed along like
pent up waters released by a broken
dam. as to endeavor to pump out the
Pacific, and they devoted their time to
the salvage of property and efforts to
remove buildings in the path of the ad
vancing tongues of flre, to thus stay its
progress.
The excitement was awful. When it
seemed that the town was doomed
panic ensued. Hal^-crazed men and
women ran backward and forward,
scarcely knowing what they were do
ing in their terror. Then the frightened
citizens joined in a mad stampede.
Hundreds fled to the snow-covered hills,
where they stood watching the flames
eating up all they possessed except the
clothes they stood in. Nothing could be
done, for when the fire had gained con
trol it was dangerous to approach. At
intervals explosions occurred, hurling
the logs from the burning buildings as
though by a whirlwind. Several men
were injured by the flying logs, one be
ing struck on the head. His skull was
fractured and he may die. As far as
can be learned the fire did not cause
any loss of life, but Toklas says rumors
were going the rounds when he left
Dawson the morning: after the fire that
several persons had been burned to
death. The rumors could not be veri
fied before he and his companions left.
The names and descriptions of the
buildings destroyed, further than those
given yesterday, could not be learned.
The damage will amount to over
$4,000,000, about $1,000,000 of which is in
gold and paper money lost in the de
struction of the two Canadian banks.
There is little if any insurance. Much
of the gold will be recovered, however,
by the banks. Toklas says they are
panning and sluicing the ashes. Be
fore the embers had time to cool the
managers of the banks had engaged
miners to wash up the ashes and the
debris was panning out richly.-
Great suffering' will be caused by the
fire. Hundreds are destitute. Fortun
ately, though, says the mounted police
man, the two big- stores of the com
mercial companies escaped untouched
with their contents. The stocks of
these companies '.ill be severely taxed
in meeting- the demand for necessities,
all private stores of food and clothing
within the radius of the fire having
been destroyed. The companies have
not advanced the price of provisions,
being determined to do all they can to
relieve the general distress. Until the
river opens it is useless to think of re
building-, for there is not over 3000 feet
of lumber in the entire district and
there is a dearth of all building sup
plies. D. Carmody has left Lake Le
barge with four barges of supplies.
The steamer Flora is on her way
through the ice.' She was fast at
Hootalinqua when the trio of couriers
passed.
The women who upset the lamp
which causea the catastrophe and the
other inmates and occupants of the
house have beeen arrested. It is ex
pected that they will be severely dealt
with.
ters. 'Lhe gunboat Marietta and latterly
the cruiser Detroit experienced consider
able difficulty in forwarding messages to
the department and receiving instructions,
due according to the rxpla nation of th..
Nicaraguan Government to an "Interrup
tion" in land lines. Lieutenant Com
mander Kimball will send frequent dis
patches relative to the situation and the
department therefore will be kept con
stantly informed of conditions existing on
the Central American coast.
It is not at all certain that the cruiser
Detroit will leave Central American wa
ters even upon the arrival of the Vixen.
Her departure is entirely dependent upon
the condition of affairs at Bluehelds at the
time the Vixen is spoken, and should th
situation be quiet, the department may
deem it advisable to dispatch two vessel's
to Honduras to expedite the p-aymont of
the indemnity for the murder or an
American named Frank Pears
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
DINES WITH LEOPOLD
BRUSSELS, May 21.-Last evening
Archbishop Ireland, accompanied by Bel
lamy Storer, United States Minister des
ignate to Spain, and Mrs. Storer, dined
at the Royal Palace at Laeken with King
Leopold, Queen Marie Henrietta and the
other members of the royal family. His
Majesty was most courteous, showing
great interest in the Archbishop.
Before going to the palace Mgr. Ireland
preached in the collegiate church of
Saint Gudulo, Belgium, before a distin
guished audience, including the Countess
de Flandro, mother of Prince Albert of
Belgium, the heir presumptive.
On his arival here last Thursday Mgr.
Ireland dined at the United States lega
tion, where he met the papal Nuncio, the
president of the Chamber of Representa
tives, M. de Beernaert, Comtesse Delie
de Korko. and Marquis Imperali. secre
tary of the Italian legation. On Wednes
day he dined with Mr, and Mrs. Storer
at the palace of the Comte de Flandro.
On Thursday Prince Albert dined at the
United States legation, it being the first
time he had paid such a compliment to
a foreign diplomat. Others present were
Comtesse de Gruno: Barpn Lamberment,
chief secretary of the Foreign Office;
Comte de Merode. former Belgium Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, and Comtesse de
Merode, who was Princess de Croh, and
Stanton Sickles, secretary designate of
the United States legation at Madrid.
Yesterday the Archbishop addressed
the students of the university. The hall
where the address was delivered was
crowded by distinguished representatives
of the diplomatic -corps, the scientific
world and society. As he entered, the
entire audience arose and cheered him.
Later he dined at the United States lega
tion with a number of diplomats of note.
Eugenic in Good Health.
ROME, May 21.— The reported death of
Eugenic, former Empress of France, is
entirely without foundation. She is well
and to-day received her nieces on her
yacht off Naples.2
DE STAAL GETS
HIS INSTRUCTIONS
Czar's Mind Made Up as
to Arbitration.
I Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 22.— The Morning Stan
dard publishes the following dispatch
from its correspondent at The Hague: M.
de Staal, President of the Russian dele
gation and President of the Peace Con
ference, has received i final instructions
from Emperor Nicholas relating to the
question of realizing compulsory arbitra
tion, whether by a supreme tribunal of
several great powers, or by a private tri
bunal consisting of the powers whose in
terests might be at stake, with the sub
sequent friendly mediation by some third
power.
THE HAGUE. May 21.-Dean O Fal
ley's sermon at the English Church to
day was attended by the chief Anglo-Sax
on delegates^ It took the form of a bril
liant discourse upon the developments *t
the principles of international arbitration.
based upon the text, "And your Old men
shall see visions and your young men
shall droam dreams," the old heing typl
fied by Gladstone, whose efforts led up
to the general convention and the young
men' by. Emperor; Nicholas. ■_■
ION DON May 22. The Daily News
publishes h dispatch from The Hague sup
posed to be Inspired "by William T. Stead,
editor of the Review of Reviews-, which
is, in part, as follows:
Regarding arbitration, the present proposi
tion at the deloffates seems -.. be this: Ger
many nnd the Other two powers of the triple
alliance are entirely against it. and Turkey fol
lows in their „ iit( Great Britain and the
r-iit^-l Rates are entirely in favor of It. Pro
fessor yon Stengel of the German delegation
saH to-day: ! .- • •
'.'Arbitration is imDracticable when two na
tions are divided <\>y a- vital Issue, while In less
Important questions it exists already/
France Is hesitating and will probably agree
with Russia. ..■ml delejrateß came to the
conference unprepared and have already learn
ed much.
The correspondent of tho Chronicle at
The Hague says: The United States
would like to discuss questions affecting
private property at sea and it is not true
that such questions have been ruled out
of the conference. An Anglo-Saxon del
egate declares that if the conference
should do nothing but agree to the estab
lishment of international arbitration of an
Optional kind and extend to th sea the
same respect which is paid to private
property on land in time of war, it would
do much. m ,
PIGMIES SPLIT EVEN
WITH THE PERFECTOS
New York Helps Brooklyn to Gain
on the National League .
Leaders.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
dubs— W. L. Pet. Cluhs— W. L. Pet.
Ft Louis 21 8 .724 Baltimore ...IS 14 .517
Brooklyn .... 11 9 .700 Ixiuisville ...Vi 17 .370 i
rhicago 13 10 .6."r> Plttsburg ...10 17 .370 I
Philadelphia. ■: 11 .607 New Y0rk. ..10 17 .870 |
Boston IT 11 .607 Washington.. 7 22 .242 1
Cincinnati . .15 11 .577 Cleveland ... 5 20 .2 10
ST. LOUIS, May 21.— St. Louis and New York
played a double-header at League Park before
a crowd of 17,000 persons. Both games were
dull and listless. The Giants .won the first ]
game by bunching five hits in the eighth inn
ing. Doheny was very wild in the second game
and gave eight bases on balls. This, coupled
with timely hitting', pave the Perfectos an
easy victory. Score of first game:
Clubs— ■ R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 3 3
New York 8 9 1
Batteries— Young and Criger; Seymour and
Grady. Umpires — Smith and Burns.
Score of second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louiß I 10 3
New York 5 6 3
Game called on account of darkness.
Batteries— Powell and Crfger: Doheny and
Grady. Umpires — Smith and Burns.
CINCINNATI, May 21.— Hahn's winning
streak was broken by the Brooklyns to-day.
He lacked control and lasted but three innings.
Phillips, who succeeded him, was a puzzle,
not allowing a '.it. Hughes was effective after
the second inning. Attendance, 12,500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 6.2
Brooklyn 6 5 1
Batteries— Hahn. Phillips and Wood; Hughes
and Farrell. Umpires— Swartwood and War
ner.
, LOUISVILLE, May 2L— Owing to . muddy
grounds but one game was played to-day.
Errors by Leach and Decker lost the game fcr
the Colonels. Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Louisville 3 V) 5
Cleveland 4 9 3
Batteries— Phiilppi and Kittredge; Hughey
and Sudgen. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
CHICAGO, May 21.— Big Kattoll was given
his first chance this season to-day and. pitched.
a gilt-edged game, holding the Birds down to
three hits. The locals bunched .five hits in the
first. Attendance, 14,000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 6 9 • 2
Baltimore 1 3 5
Batteries— Kattoll and Donahue; McGinety
and Crisham. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
PRISONER TUNNELS
THROUGH BRICK WALLS
Burglar Joe Williams Escapes From
the San Luis Obispo County
Jail.
BAN .LUIS ORISPO, May 21.— Deputy
Sheriff Eddy when he entered the dining
room of the County Jail at 8:30 this morn
ing found a hole tunneled through the
brick wall underneath one of tho win
dows. The only prisoner in that section,
Jor "Williams, had made good his c
■Williams wa- awaiting trial on a charge
of burglary, but seemed afraid his Iden
tity would 1 known, and only a
f> w days ago agreed to plead guilty to
burglary in the second degree if he would
not be sent to State's prison. Such a plea
would not be accepted. It Is thought by
the officers that Williams is wanted some
where on a morf- serious charge. The
was made Borne Tim.- between 7
and v::n this morning. Williams, with the
aid of a knifi- used ;:s n fl!f>. cut loose an
iron band on one of the doors and with
this removed the bricks in the wall.
CONFLAGRATION RAGES
AT THE HARLEM TRACK
Belief That the Rivalry With the
Hawthorne Course Has Led to
Incendiarism.
CHICAGO, May '22.— The grand stand,
betting Stag, clubhouse and many stables
at the Harlem racetrack took fire at 3:30
o'clock this morning and will be de
stroyed. As the racing season at • that
track was to open to-day, the blow will
be particularly severe. . It is not known
wh/Hher any. horses stabled there were
lost. nor is it known how the fire started
There are those among the sporting fra
ternity abroad at this hour who are will
ing to gamble that enmity between the
rival managements of Harlem and Haw
thorne tracks has hitd something to do
with the, lire, so disastrous and so inop
portune. ■ .'■=•,
Pears'
was the first maker of
sticks of soap for shav-
ing. Pears' Soap es-
tablished over 100
years.
CONTEST FOR
SPEAKERSHIP
Men Who Want to Get
Reed's Place.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 21.-The Wafhlne
ton correspondent of the Herald tele- |
graphs: Representative Hopkins of nn
nois, one of three leading candidates for
the Speatoership of the ib-us.- of Repre-
Bentatives in the Fifty-sixth Congress, ar
rived 1 in Washington 10-nlght to look after
some matters In departments for his con
stituents, and incidentally to advance uls
campaign for the Siu-akership.
Representative Lorinier of Illinois, who
it was expected would manage the cam- i
tor Mr, Hopkins, has been 111 and
may not be able to take an active part J
in the contest-
Mr. Hopkins Bald to-nigrht that ho was
receiving many encouraging letters from
I Republican representatives-elect in all
parts of the country, also so encouraKin^
in fact as to justify him in expressing
; the .utmost confidence In hi,s Buceess. He
said it was too early to give detailed In
formation as to State delegations or Indl-
Is, but he was assured of support
from the East as well as from the VWst.
The Speakership campaign has not yet i
.; down sufficiently to justify the as
sertion that either me of the three prin-
I cipal candidates is in. the lead. There are
rumors of deals of various kinds which
would involve the delivery of blocks of
to this candidate or that, but it is
not possible that any such deals have
i been detiniu-U entered into.
One of the reports is that Mr. Sherman j
Mr. Henderson have agreed that after
i the first trial of strength in the caucus
! the onr who is shown to be the weakest
withdraw in favor of the other, and
Is then to be made chairman of the Com
mittee on Ways and Means and the lead
er of representatives on the floor of the
House. Letters which Mr. Sherman and
Mr. Henderson have written to their most
I intimate associates do not indicate that
', anything of tho kind is on foot.
Another report is that Mr. Payne is re
! maininp in the race for the purpose of
turning: his support over to Mr. Hender
son at the right moment and being con
- tinued at th<- head of the Ways and
- Committee In return for this ac
, lion.
As a matter of fact few members of the
Republican caucus have yet committed
themselves finally as tit their choice for
Speak.'-. Most of them are waiting for
consultations with their colleagues in va
rious Stat.- delegations, and the final ac
tion of many will be governed largely by
their judgment as to their prospects for ,
securing coveted committee assignments
with this or that man for Speaker. Thus
! far the Illinois delegation is the only one
which has been consulted, and th.- repre
s.-natives of that State have determined
to give their solid support to Mr. Hopkins.
gh there has be. n no consultation of
[owa delegation, it is known to be
Id for Mr. Henderson.
There is much speculation among the, i
friends of various candidates as to the
plans of the Quay leaders in the Pennsyl
vania delegation. Representative Bing
liam of Pennsylvania has been put for
ward as their candidate, and It is wdl un
derstood that he is to be used merely to
hold the delegation until it can be deliv
to Th>- best advantage in return for
committee places and House patronage to
tin man who will be elected. It is not
improbable that this ■ will hold
the balance of power In the convention,
and the report that its support was to bt_'
given to Mr. Henderson lias been the
' ground for much of the confidence which '
the Henderson men have been showing in
the past few days.
GIVES ADVICE TO
STANFORD SENIORS
Baccalaureate Sermon
by Dr. Brown.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 21.—
The new assembly hall was used this
morning for the first time when Rev.
Charles Brown of Oakland delivered the I
baccalaureate sermon to the graduating |
class and Its friends. Work had been
rushed on the building for the past few
weeks in order to get it into shape for
comnn-noerm-nt week, and although it is
not entirely finished it was thrown open
to the public. The hall seats 1500 per
sdhs and there is standing room for
many mure. Nearly every seat was ta
ken 'when the speaker arose and an
nounced his text, taken from Revelations
xxi-16: "And the city lioth four-square and
the length is large as the breadth. The
length and the breadth and the height
of it are equal."
It was a masterful address both in con-
Btrui tion and in delivery. He likened the
1 human'life to the city that lieth four-
I square. As the city was equal on all sides
I So man must develop, not in one direction,
but- in all. With Matthew Arnold, he di
vided life into four divisions— conduct, the
power of knowledge, beauty and socia!
fife. Said he:
Conduct Is the doing of things that are
right— to be pure and kind— to stand before
God in reverence.
Knowledge Is the ability to read and riro-
I duce something, the ability to study nature
I and man. Wo mean by knowledge the ability
:to know literature— not books or prints, but the j
■ great masters.
U '.. stand before the great architectural j
i buildings of Europe; before tho gn-at paint- !
! ings and sculptures of* the masters, and we are j
! filled with the idea of the beautiful. Beauty <
n essential factor In man's life.
Social life is of the utmost Importance. So
cial relations are of the holiest. Social life
makes us more tender-hearted and sympa
thetic
These four powers look in all directions.
Aftt-r discoursing at length on these di- 1
visions, and pointing out the Jewish na
tion as the one strongest in its conduct; !
the Greeks fnr their knowledge; the Ital- j
ians for beauty, he said no nation had j
been particularly strong in its social life,
but he thought the Anglo-Saxons were
I tending that way and that ultimately our
religion would be one of ethics instead of
theology or dogmas.
The speaker then turned to the grad- :
I uating class and gave it a tew words of
counsel. He bade the graduates go out
Into the world with a large view of
j things.
"Do the things that you know are right.
: Get knowledge. Get wisdom."
PICNIC OF BUTCHERS
AT THE MILL CITY
STOCKTON". May 21.— A largo delega
! tion of San Francisco butchers arrived
i here this morning on the steamer Mary
Oarratt for the annual picnic given by
their fellow craftsmen of this city. They
were given a warm reception. There was
a parade of considerable proportions
headed by a band, after which tHe cleav
er handlers went to the picnic grounds at
Good water Grove. It was 'not long after
the arrival till the good time was in full
swing. There were a barbecue, contests
I of all kinds, dancing and gani<'s.
<}.■!> Houghland killed and dressed five
sheep in thirteen minutes and twenty
two seconds, breaking all coast records
for speed in this class of work, lie
worked against time, his competitor fail
ing to Bhow up. The work was clean and
the mutton was mad.- all ready for the
shop in the time stated.
TOWN OF POROSOW
DESTROYED BY FIRE
WARSAW. May 21.— The town of Poro
sow, in the Government of Warsaw, h.i.
ber.n destroyed by fire. Twelve lives wore
lost and 3000 people driven from their
homes are campifig in the fields
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL,, MONDAY, MAY 22, 1899.
BEREFT OF WEALTH AN AGED
WOMAN GOES TO POORHOUSE
Pitiful Fate of Mrs. Caroline Cox of Bridgeport,
Coon., Wl}ose Secor)d hjusbaod Secured Her
portuoe ai)d a Divorce.
NEW YORK, May 21. — -A Bridgeport (Conn.) special to the Herald says: Mrs. Caro
line Cox, once a widow with a fortune of nearly $100,000, but now penniless, was sent
to the poorhouse to-day. Yesterday her real estate was taken from her on an execu
tion issued to satisfy a judgment of nearly $10,000 given by the Superior Court. Mrs. Cox is
75 years old and comes of an old family. Her father was Matthew Curtis, a prominent man
fifty years ago. and her husband, John Thompson, amassed a fortune in Bridgeport's earlier
days in the paint business. When he died he left his widow a large estate.
Mrs. Cox soon after her husband's death was attracted by a "Personal" in a news
paper. W. H. Cox, who was then in New York, advertised for a wife. She answered the ad
vertisement. Cox met her, and the widow became smitten. They were hastily married. Then
Cox proposed that they spend their honeymoon traveling about the country. He persuaded
her, she declares, to mortgage her home for $12,000. Later, while on their trip, he con
vinced her, she says, that she ought* to advance him $10,000. This she did, giving a blanket
mortgage on her property.
Cox after getting the greater part of his wife's wealth went to California and brought suit
for divorce. Mrs. Cox still loved him, and went to San Francisco to oppose the divorce. The
decree, however, was granted, and Mrs. Cox returned to Bridgeport heartbroken.
Since then she has lived alone in the old homestead. Her taxes have been unpaid, and
gradually all that remained of her property has dwindled away. She will probably end her days
in the poorhouse.
FILIPINOS
SPARRING
FOR PEACE
But the Commissioners Have
No Power to Act Without
Aguinaldo's Consent.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, I£&9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, May 21.— official con
ference of the Filipino Peace Commis
sion did not materialize this morning.
Aguinaldo's four representatives saw
Otis and requested time to have the
American Commission explain the pre
cise meaning of our proclamation and
form of government the United States
will give them. The indications are
that they will return to Aguinaldcr for
further instructions, though they say
they will meet Otis with a full commis
sion officially to-morrow, submitting
their desires.
Zialoita, In an interview with the
Call-Herald correspondent." stated they
wanted a cessation of hostilities and in
dependence, but refused to say whether
the commission would ask this.
Judge Advocate Alberto Barretto, one
of the Filipino commissioners, had an
interview to-day with the American
Philippine Commission. The meeting
was approved by General Luna, the in
surgent commander, who is thoroughly
in accord with Aguinaldo in his efforts
to obtain peace. The primary object of
the interview was to ascertain the kind
of government the United States pro
poses to establish here. The Filipino
commissioners have no power to effect
a settlement, but must refer all matters
to Aguinaldo.
Autonomy is the burden of the talk
of the Filipinos, and it is thought that
the kind they wish for could be little
different from the scheme of an Ameri-
I can protectorate which they talked of
before the war. ;', "»" './-.-.
Senbr Paterno, who has succeeded the
irreconciliable Mabini as President of
the Filipino so-called Cabinet, is a stu
dent and a writer of ability. He once
drew up a plan of autonomy under |
Spain which the Spanish Government
promised to adopt, there being a trou
blesome rebellion on foot. The Ameri
can Commissioners, in studying the
question of the Filipino Government,
have found several good points in the
scheme. Paterno is about the strongest
man in Aguinaldo's party. - -•. '
All the moneyed leaders of the insur
rection see that it Is hopeless and are
anxious for peace. Those who want
money think hey may profit by har
assing the Americans a while longer.
On the suggestion of Mr. Schurman,
president of the American Commission,
the local Filipino peace party has start
ed a newspaper.
Major Kobbe's expedition to open
communication with General Lawton
! has occupied Arayat, about seven
I miles beyond Candaba, on the Rio
! Grande, taking the course of the
i stream. No insurgents were found
| there, and the Pamaganis along the
' river are friendly.
Last Friday Major Kobbe took Santa
Ana, about six miles northeast of San
Fernando, on the road to San Isldro.
! A priest met the expedition with, a
| white flag.
Delegations from San Nicholas and
Santiago, small villages just south of
j Arayat, came to him with the news
j that 200 insurgents who had been hold
■ ing both places, had withdrawn. They
i invited the Americans to enter, and as
the members of the expedition marched
in the church bells were rung, and the
I timid natives who had fled flocked
i back.
Twenty-five native militiamen at
Bacolad have deserted to the insur
gents, carrying their arms with them.
General Smith, commander at Iloilo, re
ports that he has decided to disarm the
remaining militiamen. The Third Bat
i talion of the California regiment will
I start for Negros to-morrow.
PROPOSED TERMS FOR
UNCONDITIONAL SURRENDER
NEW YORK, May 22.— The Journal
prints the following from its Manila cor
respondent: In an interview with Gen
eral Gregorio del Pilar, in the presence of
Dr. Robair, a close friend of Aguinaldo,
and another peace commissioner. Zlal
dta, who approved the sentiments ex
pressed, General del Pilar said: "The in
surgents are anxious to surrender, but
I want the assurance first that there will
| be no putting to -death of leaders in the
rebellion, and some proof that the Amer
i icans will carry out the generous state
| ments in the proclamation. We have
i been acquainted with the Americans only
a short time. If they are sincere, why
we will agree to unconditional surren
der." ___________
Blanche Bates in "Dancing Girl.''
WASHINGTON. May 21.— Manager
Frawlpy announces that next week he
v. ill produce "The Dancing Girl" here,
with Blanche Bates in the leading role.
Trunks, valises, pocket books and dia
ries. Best goods, best values at Sanborn
& Vail 1 * ' •
PARIS ON THE ROCKS,
PASSENGERS RESCUED
Continued from First Page.
with some difficutly that I persauded
her to go on deck, even when rescue
was assured."
Henry Wilding, managing: agent of
the line, who arrived from Southamp
ton this afternoon by special train to
arrange for the transportation of the \
passengers, said: "I have had no op
portunity to inquire as to the facts,
and certainly have no theories to in
dulge in. The Cherbourg stop was
adopted some time ago and was by no
means unusual. Captain Watkins is
one of the most trustworthy officers on
the Atlantic, and I must await the re
sults of the investigation before pass
ing any judgment."
To-night the Paris lies* in much the
same position as when she struck, her
bow being 150 yards from the shore and
her stern about 200. Almost in a direct
line and about a mile ahead lies the
wreck <rf the Mohegan. Just outside the
bows of the Paris Is a great ragged
rock, and a ridge of rocks project into
the water 200 yards aJiead.
There is about sixteen feet of water
in the three forward compartments,
but the engines are apparently un
harmed. It has been decided to await
special salvage apparatus and the next
tide to-morrow. The sea Is still smooth
and the work of lightering proceeds.
STRANDED STEAMER
REMAINS ON ROCKS
FALMOUTH, May 21.— An effort was
made this afternoon to tow the Paris
off the n.vks. Three tugs were en
gaged at full pressure, with the steam
er's steel hawsers and her own engines
assisting for half an hour. The at
tempt was entirely unsuccessful, the
steamer not budging an inch.
Pilot boat 13 claims to have saved the
Paris from the Manacles. She wa's on
guard duty near the rock, and when she
saw the lights of the Paris she showed
a flare. The steamer starboarded her
helm to clear the cutter, thus escaping
the Manacles.
ADMIRALTY SENDS
AID TO THE PARIS
PLYMOUTH, May 21.— The Ad
miralty has sent several fast Govern
ment vessels from Devenport to assist
the Paris. Among the vessels sent to
the assistance of the stranded steamer
is a gunboat, and Admiral Sir Edmund
Robert Fremantle, commander-in-chief
at Plymouth, has ordered a number of
torpedo-boat destroyers to hold them
selves in readiness to proceed to the
scene of the wreck at a moment's no
tice.
LONDON, May 21.— Mr. Curri-, Lon
don manager of Richardson, Spence ut
Co., said to a representative of the As
sociated Press this afternoon:
I am not yet in a position to explain
the mishap to the Paris nor to apportion
the blame. If any responsible agent of
the company is on the spot investigating
the facts will be known in due time. At
present I only know officially that the
Paris ran on the rocks at half-oast 1
this morning during a thick, drizzling
rain.
I rejoice that nobody was even hurt. The
cargo is now being discharged on light
ers and the prospect is favorable for sav
ing the ship if fine weather continues. I
hope she may be refloated fit high tide,
about 3 o'clock to-morrow morning.
Admiral Fremantle's dispatch of two
gunboats to the scene is not the less ap
preciated because of the fact that the pas
sengers, mail and baggage had already
been landed before their arrival. Our
great desire now is to satisfy the passen
gers in regard to their future movements.
A large portion have already arranged to
sail by the St. Paul.
HOPEFUL VIEW OF
VICE PRESIDENT WRIGHT
NEW YORK, May 2\— At the office
of the American Line in this city to
day Second Vice President James A.
Wright made public all cable dis
patches bearing on the disaster to the
Paris as soon as they were received.
Early in the day Captain v Frederick
Watkins of the Paris cabled: "Paris
went ashore 1 a. m. Sunday, off Low
land Point; lying comfortably. Smooth
water."
Lloyd's agent at Falmouth cabled:
"Paris near Manacles; weather foggy;
water calm."
Another cable from Falmouth gave
information that tugs were around the
steamer and that the passengers were
being landed. Mr. Wright also received
word that Mr. Wilding, the agent of the
line at Southampton, had gone to Fal
mouth.
From the cables received Mr. Wright
took a very hopeful view of the affair.
He said that Captain Watkins' cable
seemed to Indicate that the steamer
was not damaged.
During the day there were only two
inquiries made at the office for pas
sengers on the Paris.
The New York of the American Line
will take the place of the Paris, sailing
from here a week from Wednesday.
She is arranged the same as the Paris,
so those who have engaged passage on
the Paris will occupy on the New York
the same staterooms that they secured
on the sunken vessel.
COAST GUARDSMEN
HASTEN TO THE PARIS
COVERACK, May 21.— One of the
coast guardsmen at Ooveraek has made
the following statement to the corre
spondent of the Associated Press:
It was 1:25 a. m. to-day when I discov
ered the lights of a steamer close inland,
just over the wreck of (he Mohegan. I
Immediately fired a rocket, which was
responded t<> in a few minutes by the sig
, rial gun of tin- Paris. Chief J.-ffers of the
: coast guard summoned his men and
' manned the lifeboat. Unlike the case of
the Mohegan. the Paris could be easily
srf-n. The rocket apparatus was prepared
! and the first shot failed to reach the ves
sel, but the second fell across her bows
' and was quickly fastened.
In the meantime the Port Jloupter life
boat and the Kalmouth tugs responded.
There was a heavy ground swell running,
| with a southwesterly breeze, and it was
very hazy.
On reaching the Paris Chief Jeffers
■ found Captain Watklns of the Paris main
. tainirrg the best discipline. There were
; no signs of a panic. The starboard boats
I of the Paris Were swung ready for launch
ing; all tli" women and children were be
inn collected together, and the prompt ar
i rival of the tups facilitated debarkation.
PASSENGERS ON THE
ILL-FATED STEAMER
SOUTHAMPTON. May 21. -The
saloon passenger list of the Paris is as
follows:
William Arnoux and wife, .Mrs. \V. F.
Aahford, Miss Mary Ashford, Thomas Al
lef. W. F. Archer and wife, A. L. Lain, i
Mrs. M. F. Batcheler, G. C. Bower. Harry j
Cottla, Mrs. W. B. Churchill, Charles
Eden, J. Walter Karl, F. N. Fletcher.
Miss Carrie Green, M. Green, Mr. R. D.
Garden and Misses R. S. Garden and
Helen Garden. Miss Mary B. Howard, W.
B. Hart Jr.. W. Henry. I"). R. Hermann,
Frederick A. Jeanne. James James, J.
Klrby, Dr. J. S. Lawrence and
wife, Harold Lawrence. Miss Geral
dine Lawrence, Miss W. E Littleton
and Miss Annie G. Littleton, Miss Annie
G. Laurie. A. Lewis and wife, A. H.
Lang, M. Levy, Miss M. 1,. McLean. Mrs.
C. Miller, John F. McLaln and wife, Mrs.
John McArthur and infant. Captain G.
W. McCa.lum, Reginald Oppenheim, Dr.
D. R. Phillips and Frank C. Phillips. F.
W. I'orter, Samuel pearsall, Mrs. Mar
garet Brocke, Louis R. Head. Mrs. J. H.
Rallett. I. P. Roe, W. K. Remsen. John
R. Sweeney, Fred Stieltjes. Mrs. M. F.
Sibley, Miss Helen and Mary Stubs. H.
W. Southworth, Mrs. H. H. Stanwood,
Miss Florence and Henry H. Stanwood,
M. L. S. Mead. Mrs. Spalding. Miss P. B.
Townsend, George M. Taylor. Miss
Blanche H. Thomas, J. Taylor. William
Ridgley, Miss O. M. Washburn, Mrs.
Montgomery Wilson. H. D. Willie. John
White. Edith Weiu, F. F. De Wolfe and
wife, M. H. York.
The agents of the American line here
have sent a special train to Falmouth
for the steamer's passengers.
The mails of the Paris will be for
warded by the North German Lloyd
steamer Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse,
which will sail from -here to-morrow.
The passenger list includes eighty
five first cabin passengers, 109 second
cabin and 192 steerage.
HAS BEEN A MOST
UNLUCKY VESSEL
The last disaster to the Paris Is only
one in a chapter of accidents that have
occurred to her in the past five years. On
February 17, 1594, while on* the Irish
coast, the breaking and dropping of a
heavy piece of machinery came near pend
ing her to the bottom of the sea.
On her passage into New York from
Newport News, where she had been for
repairs, Murch 30, 1596, an accident very
similar to the present one occurred and
only the nature of the ground saved her
from being lost.
While proceeding in a dense fog up the
Ship Channel she ran on the bank about
900 feet northeast of Quickstep buoy, off
the Long Island shore, with much force,
firmly imbedding herself in what was
fortunately soft material. It required the
removal of all of her water and coal
(2000 tons) and the aid of several powerful
tugs for her to be drawn off again at
high water. On her trip across to New
York in the early part of January, 1897,
she had a screw disabled and made her
return trip with but one screw.
The reported capture of this vessel
April 24, 1898, off the Irish coast by
Spanish cruisers as she was on her way
to New York just after having been
chartered by the United States Govern
ment occasioned much excitement for a
while on both sides of the Atlantic.
MANACLE ROCKS
CAUSE MANY WRECKS
The Manacle rocks, on the Cornwall
coast, where the Paris was wrecked, lie
about one and a half miles off the shore
about half way between Falmouth and
the Lizard, and are about ten miles north
east of the latter point.
They have been the scene of many
wrecks, the most noted lately being that
vf t ? fi e OB stt " a S lshlp Mohegan on October
13, IS9B, when a number of lives were
lost.
They have been marked by a "bell
buoy," and the British Government h-ia
just made provision for an electric beacon
to be placed there. The City of Paris wis
some twelve miles north of her nroDer
course. v
General Grant Returning.
SAN DIEGO. May 21.-General Fred D.
Grant boarded a train for the North this
morning. He will go through without
stopping to San Francisco, where he will
board the transport Sherman for Manila
U. S. Grant accompanied his brother and
will go with him to San Francisco to say
farewell.
IS THE FIGHT
TO BE A FAKE?
The Big'Uns Are Doing
Little Training.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK, May 21.— Among the fol
lowers of the prize ring, the conviction is
being strengthened that the coming fight
is not to be all that it should be as a
championship affair. Down at Asbury
Park Jeffries is whiling away his time
with an occasional boxing set-to with
Tom Ryan, welterweight, but severe
training has not thus far been indulged
in. He is. to say the least, taking things
remarkably easy for a man who, within
three weeks, expects to meet the acknowl
edged champion heavyweight of the
world.
Fitzsimmons is still at Bath Boach,
when he is not on Broadway. The lanky
Australian is always in fair condition.
Perhaps he is good enough to be able to
whip Jeffries without any preparation. Be
that as it may. his present training meth
ods are peculiar. He is either careless of
his honors or confident that his condition
will not affect his chances when he next
enters the ring.
Early last week one of these two fight
ers stood at the bar of a Broadway hotel
for several hours, drinking with friends.
A little later he was found asleep on a
bench in Madison Square. Those who
should have been fitting him for his com
ing contest took him in charge and hus
tled him out of public sight. The next
morning he took a long bicycle ride, but
refused to indulge in any other of the
training routine.
This escapade was so unusual a per
formance, the fighter having enjoyed the
reputation of being one of the few of his
kind who drink little, that it attracted
more notice than was pleasing to the
managers of the Coney Island Club. They
sent out agents to deny the truthfulness
fif the story, declaring that Fitzsimmons
and Jeffries are both training as never
before.
William A. Brady, manager for Jeffries,
and Martin Julian, manager for Fitzsim
mons, are interested in and practically
control the Coney Island Sporting Club,
a fact which in itself does not tend to in
spire confidence. George Siler, who will
act as referee, occupied a similar position
ai Carson City when Fitzsimmons dis
covered Corbett's • solar plexus. After
that battle Brady denounced Siler In un
measured terms and said that under no
circumstances would he allow Siler to ref
eree any fight in which he had an inter
est. Now Brady accepts Siler as a referee
for his man Jeffries without a murmur.
Betting on the coming battle is not be
ing indulged in to any extent.
HALE THROWS
UP THE SPONGE
Prison Directors' Hint
Quickly Taken.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. May 21.—
Warden Hale has thrown up the sponge.
No longer will the head of the prison
maintain that the policy of Captain Edgar
in refusing to incarcerate convicts under
suspicion of engaging in a conspiracy to
murder guards is not reprehensible.
"Jack" "Wilson was placed in the dungeon
yesterday evening and probably will be
in solitary confinement when Martin
Aguirre is installed warden.
Mr. Hale's tacit admission that he wa3
in the wrong was due solely to the action
of the Board of State Prison Directors at
Folsom yesterday in adopting a resolu
tion that any convict found in possession
of a deadly weapon shall be thrown into
solitary confinement and kept there until
his. term expires, without regard to its
length.
Last Friday Wilson. was taken to Edgar
for a breach of prison discipline, and on
the way tossed an eight-Inch dirk knife
Into a corner. The act was witnessed by
Guard Ben O'Neill, who called Wilson's
custodian, Fred Werner, back and pointed
out the knife.
Priur to this occurrence Captain Edgar
had been petitioned by Guards Leahy and
Yoho to place "Frisco Slim." Wilson,
Neill and Phelan. four desperate prison
ers who had threatened the live? of offi
cers and guards, in the dungeon, but Ua.l
met with a refusal. Captain Birlem in
terceded at the request of the. guards, but
was given no satisfaction owing to the
erroneous opinion of both Hale and Edgar
that Birlem had been supplying the pa
pers with "inside" facts concerning prison
affairs.
When Wilson was detected carrying a
dirk the attention of both Hale and his
right bower were drawn to the event,
which was cited as proof that the prison
ers were armed and ready for trouble.
The man was not even placed in solitary
confinement.
When the resolution of the board was
adopted at Folsom, Hale doubtless was
made acquainted with the turn in affairs
by telegraph, as he receives a private
telegraphic service of important news
events daily. Anyhow, Wilson was placed
in the dungeon Saturday evening and re
mains there yet.
Guard James McDonald, who was
stabbed by Oppenheimer, is fast improv
ing, and Dr. Lawlor thinks he will re
cover. A splendid constitution and in
domitable will power have produced what
the physicians regard as closely akin to a
miracle.
MRS. ELLEN GRIFFIN'S
WILL IS CONTESTED
SAN RAFAEL, May 21.— The first gun j
of what probably will prove to be a nota- |
ble legal battle was fired Saturday when
the law firm of Keys & Allen filed an op- :
position to the will of Mrs. Ellen Griffin
of Tomales. The estate involved is va
rlously estimated to be worth from
$100,000 to $150,000..
The husband of Mrs. Griffin was a i
Marin County pioneer and died at To- !
males about ten years ago. He was
deemed the wealthiest man living in that
part of the county. His widow died a
few weeks ago. and her will was tiled for
probate on the 4th inst. The buik
of the estate was left to Mrs.
Kate L. O'Connor of Ban Francisco, :
a- daughter, and the remainder was ap
portioned among her other children and :
grand-children, to the exclusion of James
L. Uriffln, a son, and J. F. and Ellen G.
Mulvaney, grandchildren. The latter
two are the children of P. Mulvaney, a
hotel-keeper.
The contest is brought by Keys & Al- {
len in behalf of James L. Griffin and the
two Mulvaney children, who are repre- I
sented by their guardian, P. Mulvaney. i
It is alleged in the complaint that the de- j
cedent did not sign the will herself and !
was weak in body and mind a long time i
prior to death. Mrs. Kate O'Connor, the ;
executrix under the terms of the will, is
charged with using menace and fraud to
accomplish her object in procuring the |
disinheritance of the son and grand- I
children.
CAPTAIN BARKER DEAD.
MARSHFIHLP. Or., May 21.— Captain
Judah Barker, a pioneer of California and
also one of the pioneer settlers on Coos j
Bay, died at his home at Parkersburg j
last night, aped 69.
Captain Barker followed the sea for
several years and arrived in San Fran- j
Cisco in February, 1854, on board the ship |
Partheon. He was In the mines for live
years and afterward in the employ of !
the Pacific Steamship Company. In 1862 j
he fitted out an expedition for the recov- i
cry of treasure lost off the coast of Mcx- :
ico. He was successful in recovering a ■
large amount. He was interested in sev- ;
eral other quests for lost treasure. Since
1875 he has resided in Coos County and i
was the principal owner in the Coqullle '
Mill and Tug Company
RANCHERS FIGHT
IMPROMPTU DUEL
Foes Meet While Hunt
ing Squirrels.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, May 21.— Two Whitman
County ranchers met while squirrel hunt
ing on. Friday afternoon. They renewed
an old quarrel and got up an impromptu
duel. Each fired three shots and each
was wounded. A special from Colfax
gives these details:
John Mohr, a well-known rancher, yes
terday called on Dr. Stunt to have a bul
let extracted from his body and another
wound in his neck dressed. He said that
while hunting squirrels on his ranch on.
Friday, Lewis Henderson, who was plow
ing in an adjoining field, shot at and
wounded him. On Saturday afternoon
Lewis Henderson, accompanied by <J. H.
Brumfield, came to Colfax and made com
plaint -against Mohr. charging him with
having shot at and endeavored to kill
Brumfield. The latter's story was that
Brumtteld was hunting squirrels, and
while passing in front of Mohr's place a
bullet struck in the road at his feet.
Brumfield saw Mohr about 100 yards away
crouched behind a fence and endeavoring
to take sight at him for another shot.
shouted at him to desist and
T-tegan dodging about to destroy Mohr-i
aim. As M"hr continued to threatj X
Brumfield raised his rifle and shot at his
assailant. Each man shot three time?,
when Mohr dropped his pistol and ran to
his house.
Mohr and Henderson had trouble sever
al months ago and recently Mohr threat
ened to kill Henderson. No warrants were
issued.
KAPPA CHAPTER OF
ALPHA PHI FORMED
Young Women of Stanford Univer
sity Organize a New Fraternal
Society.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 21.—
An event of much interest at Stanford is
the founding of the Kappa Chapter of
Alpha Phi. The members are Miss G< ex
trude Mackintosh, class of '98 (candidate
I for a master's degree In Romanic lan
• ftuages): Misses Lottie Brand, Clara Earl,
i Bessie Henry. Helen Holmes, Elizabeth
; Pratt, Marion Reynolds, all ot '00; Misses
Lucy France and Mary I. Lockey of '01,
Misses Amy Ferguson and May Hurlburt
Of "02.
The initiation, followed by a banquet,
took place at Escondlta Cottage last
evening. The rites of initiation were eon,
ducted by Miss Gertrude Payne, acting
preceptress of the State Normal School
at San Jose; Miss Martha* Constance
Smith, instructress in English at Stan
ford, and Miss Harriet McCaslay, for
merly fellow in history at the University
of Chicago. The colors of the new society
are bordeaux and silver. Its pin is a
jeweled monogram. Other chapters are
I located at Syracuse University, North-4^
j western University, Boston University,
I Depauw University, Cornell University,
i Minnesota University, Baltimore College
for Women, Michigan University and the
University of Wisconsin.
The fraternity has never aimed at a
; large membership and has been extremely
! conservative in the placing of new chap
> ten=. H is thought that the establishment
of this, the first chapter west of tlv Mis
sissippi, has been assisted, by the fact
that Miss Smith is an intimate friend of
the national president of the order.
Encampment of Adventists.
PTOCKTOX, May 2L— A white-tented
city is springing up at Goodwater Grove,
where shortly the annual, campmeetins of
the Seven Day Adventists will be held.
The managers Bay they expect fully a
thousand visitors and ample aeeomoda
tions are being provided for that num
ber. The Advi nti«tF will cook, eat ami
Bleep on Oie grounds, so that they will
not have to miss any of the services,
which wil! 1" on in some form from early
in the niorning till late in the evening.
They will come from all over the Stntc.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
44 To Err is Human"
But to err all the time is
criminal or idiotic* Don't
continue the mistake of*
neglecting your blood* Take
Hood's Sarsaparilla n&w. It
will make pure, live blood,
and put you in good health.
Poor Health — "Had poor health
for years, pains in shoulders, back and
1 hips, with constant headache, nervousness
and no appetite. Used Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla, gained strength and can , work hard
all day; eat heartily and sleep 'well. I
took it because it helped my husband to
whom it gave strength." cMrs. Elizabeth ■
J. , Giffels, Moose Lake, SMinn.
Rheumatism — "€My husband was
obliged to give up 'work on account of
rheumatism. No remedy helped until he
used Hood's Sarsaparilla which perma-
nently cured him. It cured my daughter
of catarrh. I give it to the children with
good results." 3Jrs. J. S. cMcSMath,
i Stamford, Ct.
- —
: Hood's Pills cure liver ills : the non-Irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsajiarill*.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great (
OF ANATOMY'
A Cft 1051 KAEEST ST. tet- 6Ai7th, C.r.Cil. i '
\ C^T The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
a _ ewtfc* World. Weaknesses or any contracted I
' Jg~ sj§3 disease positively cured hy the oldest T
# iMsl SpeciaJiit on the Cout. Est. 36 years. 0
i §TsZh DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES )
A iTW '■ Consultation free and strictly private \
a X JR«/^|l Treatment personally or by letter. A §
\R If T|l Potxtwt Cure in enery case undertaken. T.
A Fit lift* Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY of A
fl U I 1 1 BARniAGE, MAILED Fkfcß. (AT
a W ll' ' va ' ua ' ) ' e ' >oc ' c fir mm ) A
V DR. JOBDA.\ A CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. f
jtff**"'V, FTIOTOfiRATHEO fi ft R r^ f3 5^ >m
fild a VITALIS
/99i THE NEW
irtr 10th Day. «.->- -'•l. %. : rncnuiiii ',
VITALS 2« hCi y- *£- » DCIICnV
! PRODUIs THE ABOVK 30th Day. IlklilClllll
RESULTS. It quickly A surely removes Renrousness, Impotenry
i Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
I of self -abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality
: Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity »nd Consnmpl
j lion. Cures when all others fail. Insist on oaring VITA 1.1 SI
1 no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail * I Oil
per package or six for #5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Kefiind the ; Monet. Circular Free. Address *-" reor
OALCMET CI'RE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Clilea««
Sold by Owl Dnigr Co., Baldwin Pharmacy
. TV. J. Bryan (two stores)- Grant Drug Co., In
' Oakland by Owl Drug Co,  ■
sj^^AU WHEN YOU
Require an ElcC^
W^Z^etW 1^ BELT get " Dr ?
Pierces" and you will
I " lr£= not sa PP°' nte d.
'sff^ Call or address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO., 620
Kvkattt. (opp. Mac* Htte), S. F.
■ ' ■■ ■■■■• ' :•■ -• ■■. ■■'■.• ". ' ', '■■ :.ELOPES
WITH HER
PHYSICIAN
Flight of Mrs. Isaac Brown
and Dr. J. A. Sacry of
Santa Paula.
TWIWF.S WICKED
Basin ss Man's Wife Becomes
Infatuated With a Man of
Medicine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA PAULA, Slay 21.— Mrs. Isaac
J.rown, wife of Santa Paula's leading
Business man, has eloped with Dr. J.
A. Sacry. Love [or the physician sup
planted affection for the husband when
Mrs. Brown was an invalid same
months a^o, and was attended by Dr.
Sacry. She deserted a happy home and
brought sorrow upon a man who has
the respect of the entire community,
while the physician left behind a
broken-hearted wife.
On a Sunday evening Dr. Sacry
quietly departed for Los Angeles. On
I-'»e Monduy evening fo.. owing Mrs.
rown left for Los Angeles. Her
idden departure, following so closeiy
thai of Sacry, treated considerable
ilk. It soon became known that
le two wore on an elopement
tour. The fact that is was deliberately
lanned is borne out by the move-
Lents of the interested persons. Sacry
)ld hi? horse and buggy several days
revinus to his departure. He pos
ted but few persona] effects, which
2 carried away with him. Mrs. Brown
lok all her personal belongings, such
5 jewelry and wearing apparel. These
ere taken as baggage. She had packed j
luch of the chinaware and other
lovable articles at her home. These
le left at the railroad freight station
i await forward instructions.
Brown seemed to be aware that his
ife intended to leave him— that she
id transferred her affections to an.
. her. They had been married six
?ars. Brown was unable to prevent
. is wife leaving him, and he did not
•~ object to her taking both the personal
and mutual effects.
Soon after the train pulled out on
Monday evening Brown learned that
his wife was on her way to meet Sacry.
Upon receiving this news he imme
diately called upon the Southern Pa
cific freight agent and topped the ship
ment of the goods.
The faithless wife dealt a cruel blow
to her husband in sending direct word
to him by her sister, Mrs. N. W. i
Blancharu Jr., that she had gone to
meet Dr. Sacry. The couple met in Los
Angeles. Presumably they are at pres
ent in San Francisco. Upon their de
parture Sacry was supposed to have
had in his possession about $250. while
she • id $40, besides her jewelry and
clothing.
Sarry is a middle-aged man. probably ;
40 ysars old. Mrs. Brown is 30 years old.
Sacry haJ ben practicing his profession
here for six months. It is supposed he
hailed from St. Louis. Mrs. Brown be
came acquainted with him while un
dergoing medical treatment. During
the month previous to their departure
Sacry called at her home very fre
quently, ostensibly to give medical aid.
She called at his office for medical ad
vice. In this manner they became quite
intimate.
Isaac Brown, the deserted husband,
conducts the largest grocery store In
town. He is very successful in busi- I
nes3 and exceedingly popular. Mrs.
Brown is the eldest daughter of Captain
fC. A. Fernald of the late Company E.
Seventh Regiment, National Guard of
California. Her sister was recently
married to the only . son of N. " W.
Blanchard, the orange and lemon
grower. _ ____________
VOLUNTEER CALLS A
PREACHER A TRAITOR
MILWAUKEE, May 21.— A Sentinel Bpe
rlal from Calumet. Mi^h., says that city
1= al! fxcitement over a sermon deliv
by the Rev. H. C. Hunter at the
First Congregational burch today. Rev.
Mr. Hunter took occasion to criticize the
rational administration for its Philippine
y and its course during the Spanish
war.
<'harles Tomma, a volunteer in the
■ -fourth Michigan, who was in the
•ice, interrupted the pastor. Baying-:
man who talks Wkf that Is n traitor
to his country ar "3 hla flag, and I refuse
to listen to him." He then left the church.
DR. FISHER OF OGDEN
SHOT BY A WOMAN
His Assailant a Woman Named as !
Co -Respondent in Mrs. Fisher's
Divorce Case.
OGDEX, Utah. May 21.— Dr. B. H. Fish
er, a prominent dentist, and man of fam
ily, was shot this afternoon by Miss Lau
ra Gertsen, a former school teacher. Mrs. i
Fisher pome time ago filed a suit for dl
vorce from Fisher, and mentioned Miss :
Gertsen as co-respondent. This afternoon I
Miss Gertsen met Fisher in his office, :
a short conversation she fired two j
?.\ots. one ■ iking effect in Fisher's left
tiirle. The wound is serious but not con
sidered fatal. ;
■
®HK® ®-f ®. -f ¥f®t ®f ©♦©^.♦©♦©■f®^®*®^®^®^®^®^®^® t ®>® -t-®^®
I WEAKNESS CURED, i
§. — *
? Here Is Hope for Young Men. %
® • -f
■♦- ■x-u —■ ' 'V - j_" ■'.'. "".^,1 -' ' JISH2JU Thousands of young and mid- q
® Jt K%^*ss//-^r >^^S^Fwf***^ die-aged men feel the need of new 4.
"X (3&?os'sr%;{ l*^§2ih?t^S^^. life, new confidence, new ambi- ©
•^ * a tion, to replace that lost by ig- "£
® ' s - -jJlilijiPa^. norance and neglect of the laws of -1
v S ' /^>2^^^> 13 health. See how this young man ®
*♦" »'"' yM regained his power: 0
■+■ KSyilj^r^^ ' <* ■ METZ, Cal.. April 1, 1539 fyi
r$ f£?&St / /^^ft&i&W DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIX— Dear sir: X
♦ IfAV?^ /^/•Ww'i?'re < sSiu I h;ive delayed a:'.s«vr!n(; your letter so ,-,
r») *s£s&'i / / / •^V&wmSSf'^a? ' that I could more fully test the power V
* i^'Ufj-H i\ />V - **/ ~BSSB^BS^^Bk of V ' : ' licit. ' have now worn y.mr 
HBl > — ", — — ' ' jjQfljß^HllK Dr'.'Panden Electric Belt for almost «'
.' "■ "v 11 ' —^ ISi^fß^fki^^^. "■■-••■ months, and am clad t" announce T
-- '^^■-3t i-'' 1 -^ WrSSttEBl ' j ifßi thnt It has cured me of weakness. You ®
*' fej^?J?«l -- ' / £'&■?*s*&]>*s£-* nay use this letter as you Bee lit. Yours •♦
* f*sii ' — v ' iS^^SH^BBBKH wni you stni doubt that my -4-
iv^l fr^PS^^^-^^^ii^;*? improved methods -of applying >
"*" W^^r^^T -WiJ$W$M Electricity will cure you? Call or ®
*' ''^ '■P^^^M'^*^ son(i for my l)Of;k> >iri>ni " ee Classes "♦"
*" £st=!M_ ' y^MfcglwiV^"* of Men," with more- proof. ®
* dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send FOn mr book, ®
702 Market St., cor. Kearny. S. F. "three CLASSES OF MBit." ®
? And Cor. fiprinif and Second Sts., Los Angeles. •_ mm Amm ED FREE A
* Office Hours-S a. m. to 8:30 r>. m. Sundays, /T IS MAILED FREE. @
♦ 10 to i, NEVER HOLD J f « STORES. >
HIS YOUNG BRIDE SUED
FOR BREACH OF PROMISE
MILLIONAIRE BENJAMIN DOUGLAS.
SANTA BARBARA, May 21.— The Connell-Douglas breach of promise
suit will • r.enin in the Superior Court here nexi w< k. the plain
tiff, having on Pridi :. ten days In which t.. establish more
clearly the dal I thai to th-- defendant. This is the case
wherein D. C .in the household <<f Millionaire Ben
jamin Douglas, sues t!' I for breach of ■ romise. Previous to
hei he was the ] naire's housekeeper. The
wedding of the young and pretty woman and her aged employer caused
:,saTiwn in this city some months ago. It was soon followed by tho
• • nell suit for damages, the butler alleging that the young
housekeeper was his pr >mised bride at the tim of !. r marriage to Doug
las. Th< millionaire is determined to fight the case to the bitter end in
• of his bride.
GOMEZ MAY
SOON VISIT
McKINLEY
Meanwhile the Situation in
Cuba Is Regarded as
Critical.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA. May 2L— General Gomes
said in his manifesto that if occasion
required he would go to Washington
and pl<-ad for the welfare of Cuba.
Cespedes said to-night he thought Go- |
j mez would see President McKinley and j
' ask if something would not be done im- ;
I mediately. Cespedes is going to Amer- j
ica on Thursday on persona! business, |
and Gomez may accompany him.
The situation here remains the same
to-day as yesterday. Governor General
| Brooke took a trip Into the country.
There is no Information at Vedado in
regard to the much discussed decree.
pal Gomez la fast losing prestige
with his army, and anti-Gomez leaders
are taking every opportunity to in
crease the feeling of bitterness. Cuban
officers were forced into accepting the
last agreement between General
Brooke and Gomez to disarm quietly
and hand over their arms to the muni
cipal authorities by the strong feeling
ol the Cuban people against further de
lay and their desire to Bee the men go
to work, but now that it is probable
that another hit<h has arisen, they con
demn Gomez for ever entering into ne-
I gotiations with the United States, de
claring he has been a tool in American
hands. Tlv quietness is prevailing
among old Assemblymen, and the
strong anti-American element of the
] Cubans looks suspicious. Under the
present coi ditions it is tho black ele
! ment wherein the danger lies. Their
i leaders nr* most bitter against Ameri
can occupatii in.
POWDER MILL BLOWN UP.
HAMMOND. End., May 22.— At 1 o'clock
this morning a slight shock resembling
an earthquake waa felt here. It is re
ported that the My powder mill at Mil
lers station, eighteen mll«-« from here,
was blown up. It is not known how many,
if any. persons were killed or Injured.
During the war with Spain large con
f r powder were filled at the works.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 22,
PILGRIMAGE
OF MASONS TO
PIKES PEAK
Candidates for the Cryptic
Rite Will Journey to the
High Mountains.
: Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, May 21.— The Masons of
th» West art' preparing to obligate 750
candidates in Cryptic rite, on the top
!of Pikes Peak in August. Followers of
; the wise King have concluded that next
tn the ancient temple of King Solomon,
' built without the sound of hammer or
j chisel, Pikes Peak is the most fitting
place to confer the degrees which per
petuate th" teachings of the ancient
I ruler and philosopher.
During the first week in August those
who are to Join in the ceremonies and
who live east of Colorado will rendez
vuus in Kansas City. The first special
trains equipped with commissary cars
and musicians and carrying hundreds
of Royal Arch Masons from the dif
ferent States named, together with
grand officers of these States and gen
eral grand officers of the United States
— all with their wives, daughters and
sweethearts — will leave Kansas City
! August 7 for the mountains. When the
j pilgrims arrive at Colorado Springs
they will be met by the grand Masonic
officers of Colorado, together with
i members of the Council of Royal and
I Select Masters holding membership in
the Grand Jurisdiction of Colorado. The
whole body will be taken as rapidly as
possible to the summit of Pikes Peak,
where the degrees will be conferred.
Edward A. Wellington of Ellsworth,
Kans., thrice illustrious master and
grand principal conductor Of the Grand
Council of Kansas, will be general-ln
chief of the party, and lead them
■ through the labyrinths and mysterious
places of the cities of the Silver State,
and plan mountain excursions. The
candidates will remain on Pikes Peak
only long enough to take the obligation.
The degrees which follow will be con
ferred in' the magnificent Masonic Tem
ple in Denver some time during the
week.
Masons of Denver will give a grand
banquet to the visiting members the
night before they start on their return
trip. All Royal Arch Masons receiving
council degrees upon this trip will
h;iv.' a Masonic home in the council
nearest their place of residence. The
main object of the pilgrimage is to
build up interest in the Cryptic rite
Masonry In various States participat
ing. The pilgrimage will be the great
est Masonic love feast ever held In
America.
NEARING THE END OF
THE BUFFALO STRIKE
Men Seem Disposed to Take Bishop
Quigley's Advice and Beturn
to Work.
BUFFALO, N. V.. May 21.— Everything
was quiet along the docks to-day and
very few of the striking grain-scoopers
;.ini freight-handlers were to be seen in
the neiehborhood of their respective head
qoarters.
!'!• sident Keefe of the International
Longshoremen's Association, who arrived
t"-<hiy and held -several consultations with
the strikers, said to-night he would not
be surprised if thr men were all back
at work within the next forty-eight
h<'i^i«. To-day a committee from the men
waited upon Bishop Quigley and he re
newed hj« advice that they return to
work. Some of the monthly men returned
to work to-day.
So far ns the freight-handlers are con
cerned, their differences are practically
ended ;^ul the men probably will go back
to-morrow. The scoopers also have been
advised to do likewise and the majority
of them are in favor of taking Bishop
yuigley's advice.
GETTING TO
WORK ON THE
MONUMENT
Some New Ideas for
Dewey's Statue.
IMPORTANT MEETING TUESDAY
VARIED SUGGESTIONS AS TO LO
CATION TO 3E SELECTED.
One Man Who Thinks It Would Be
Good to Use StonS From the
Admiral's Native
State.
The next meeting of the "Committee to
Erect a Monument to the American Navy
In Commemoration of the Victory of
Admiral Dewey at Manila" will be an Im
portant one, for there will then be set
tled the approximate amount the commit
tee -will attempt to raise and also the
manner of raising that amount.
From the way the idea, has found the
public fancy and from the enthusiasm it
has inspired, it has become apparent that
the committee need not stint itself. Sums
ranging from $50,000 to $150,000 have been
suggested and the limit seems to be
prompted by a thought of what the tax
payer will have to boar in the improve
ments already contemplated rather than
what sum the committee will be able to
gather. There will be no trouble in gath
ering either of the sums suggested, bo the
committee has a wide range to choose
from.
As to the method of collection there
arc various ways suggested, but nothing
will be done until some banking company
shall have been selected for treasurer.
There is a general idea, however, that
some method by which every one would
find it easy to contribute, should be adopt
ed. Collectors are not altogether accept
able to several members of the commit
tee, but all seem to favor a proposition to
establish collection agencies all over the
city where the willing may contribute be
fore they can spend the patriotic dollar.
The location of the monument is an
other subject of discussion. Should it be
in the city or at the park, and if in the
city should it be down town or up town
or on the street or in some square? There
an- all kinds of possibilities in this situa
tion and they are being thrashed out by
the members of the committee as well as
th.- public at large— for every one seems
willing to take a hand in the enterprise.
Ex-Mayor Pond believes the monument
should be placed in some such place as
' Union Square. He thinks, too, that be
| tween fifty and one hundred thousand
dollars would be sufficient. "The people
will be called upon for a good deal in the
near future." he says, "and I don't think
i the amount should go above $100,000 in any
case."
There are others who have a different
opinion, however. Charles L. Patton be
lieves in putting as much as possible into
the monument. "It is the greatest victory
of niodern times we arc commemorating,"
he says, "and we should see that our mon
ument is far above anything ever at-
tempted here. Lick guv.- about $100,000 for
the statue in front of the City Hall, and
at> a city we can certainly afford to give
at least half as much more. I believe, !
anyway, that unless we do this thing In
the proper way we had better let It alone.
Let us spend all the money we can get so !
long as we pet the full worth of what we
spend. I believe in a downtown site. too.
A site in one of the parks. The monu
ment would then be nearer to the people
in their everyday life.
"There is another thing. This monu
ment ought to be the result of the sub
scriptions of all the people of the city.
\\ ■ should have some form of receipt
which would be in the nature of a souve
nir. There are a great many who would
not care to keep such a thing, but there
are as many more who would value such
a thing and keep it fur years. There
might also be an entertainment of some
kind. People like to attend such enter
tainments, for it allows them to work off
surplus patriotism and cheer and yell to
their heart's content. Then, too, it might '
be made a feature of the Fourth of July ';
celebration. To dedicate this year's cele
bration to the victory at Manila would be
a thing to take the public fancy and would
bring home to the people that they have
some hand In the building of the monu
j ment as well as the committee. So far as
the unveiling of the monument is con
cerned I believe it should be set for the
Ist of next May— Dewey day. It will take
| all of that time for the preparation of the
plans, the selection of the design, the
modeling, the molding, ' the casting,
the building of the pedestal and
the collection of the money. If
we could unveil the monument as the
feature of the next Dewey day pro
gramme we would be ahead of thorn all;
it would show the people of the country
that Western patriotism is of the active
kind."
Thf* following suggestion is submitted
to The Call by a man who is personally j
acquainted with the great admiral:
MILLS COLLEGE, Cal., May 19, IS9O.
San Francisco Call. San Francisco: I have
Just seen to-day's Issue of your valuable paper
and most heartily apj.rove of the proposition
to erect a heroic statue and monument for
Admiral Dewey. whose great achievement at
Manila lifted a tremendous burden of anxiety
from the minds and hearts of hosts of people
on the Pacific Coast. Dewey's victory saved
the Pacific States million? of money that would
have been expended for defense If he had i
failed to destroy the Spanish fleet. I would i
suggest that the principal stone In the monu- i
ment be of the beautiful granite which abounds
In the immediate vicinity of Dewey's native
place In the Green Mountain State. Vermont
granite Is the foundation of the everlasting
hills, and Is the right material to commem
orato the memory of George Dewey and the
battle of Manila Hay. Yours truly,
B. S. XICHOLS.
It might be a graceful act to have the
capstone of the pedestal, if practicable, or j
some part of it, of the Vermont stone, !
but the monument would be a Californian '
offering and the general opinion is that
It should be of Californian material. It '
has also been suggested that tho
I statue be made in part of metal
i obtained from some of the guns captured
by Dewey, but again it is believed it is
better to have any captured g-uns mount
ed as part of the monument. There is a
grim significance in a rusty old gun, es
pecially when it has been captured.
Funeral of R. G. Sarg-entson.
The remains of Richard Godfrey Sar
gentson. better known as "Blind Bob."
were burled from Odd Fellows' Hall yes
terday afternoon. Sargentson was a well
known character about the Wisconsin
Hotel, where he lived during the last
eighteen years— ever since he came to this
city. For nearly twenty years he was cut
off" from the light of day, the result of an
explosion in a Michigan mine. Sargent
smi was a man of fine mental attainments
and the greatest affability of character.
ODDS AND ENDS DAY
Some articles cut 60 per cent.
Some articles out 64 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
" Stores Everywhere.
MISSIONARY STEAMER JOHN WILLIAMS:
THE London Missionary Society has been blamed for all the trouble in Samoa. Robert Louis Stevenson, when alive,
attacked the missionaries through the London press, and his stepson, Lloyd Osborne, when the present trouble broke
out, did not hesitate to reiterate his stepfather's statements. The society's steamer is the John Williams, and
she is now on her way to Samoa via New Guinea.
The London Missionary Society began the Chistianizing of the isles of the seas in 17%. and during that time ten ves
sels have been worn out in its services. Of these four have been named the John Williams, one the Messenger of Peace,
one the Endeavorer and the first one engaged in the service one hundred years ago the Duff. The John Williams left
Brisbane for New Guinea on March 11 with .supplies for the missionaries. After visiting the various stations in New
Guinea she will go to Samoa and to all missionary stations in the southern seas. During the cruise her captain ex
pects to make 25S landings with surfboats and stop in seventy different harbors. She is a beautiful vessel, fitted with
luxurious staterooms, reception rooms, mailroom, dispensary, offices, deck saloon and all the accommodations of an
ocean liner.
SCHOOL WINDS
UP WITH THE
HORRORS NOW
Those Awful Written
Examinations.
Tho School Department is all agog over
the recent order of the Board of Educa
tion requiring written examinations in
several of the primary and grammar
grades at the end of the school year, now
near, on which examination promotions
to the next grade are to depend. The
plan is supposed to be mainly Superin
tendent Webster's.
■Whatever the merits and demerits of
the scheme, the teachers of the depart
ment kick, sniff and sneer at it, as a rule,
ami wag their tongues much about it
among themselves. They smile at the
congratulatory observation of a member
of the board that something progressive
and up to date had been done. The sud
den and unexpected thing worries them,
and it worries many of the pupils. The
teachers worry because the examination
papers will have to go to the Superin
tendent's office to be picked over as evi
df-nce of their teaching abilities, and it
worries many of the pupils because they
meet a new condition of promotion and
because a written examination i? a horrid
thing any way. The first practical result
is that a general and hurried review of
the ground gone over is on and a general
cramming for a written examination has
begun. A minimum percentage of (50 in
every subject and a minimum average of
70 are required for promotion.
The general average of the opinion cur
rent In the department everywhere is well
expressed as follows by on of the oldest,
and best-known teachers:
"Instead of being progressive the idea i 3
one that has been dropped for years by
progressive educators everywhere. It
was dropped in San Francisco some ten
or twelve years ago and there have beers
no written examinations for promotion
since. Promotions have been made on
the records, reports, classroom work and
general proficiency of the child during 1
the year. They have largely depended on
the "teacher's knowledge of thi' child's
character, abilities, needs, etc. The judg
ment of a teacher who has been in the
classroom with the pupil for a year is
deemed a better guide than the written
answers to ten questions. It has been my
observation that about two-thirds of the
pupils are yearly promoted actually by
their teachers and in addition some are
! advanced conditionally.
"Where the plan is used at all in the
best Eastern schools the results of the
I examinations are made but part of the
! conditions for promotion, and then only
in the higher grades. The system creates
teaching for examinations and not for the
development of the child, which is quite
I a different thing. If the teaching is for
I examination the teacher will select what
j is most likely to be covered by the exam
ination. If you teach for the develop
ment of the child you take into consider
ation many things not covered by exam
i inations. An examination doesn't deter
! mine the character of the child, his in-
I dustry, perseverance, etc.
"When a pupil's promotion depends on
his whole year's record he has a constant
incentive to effort and excellence. When
■ he knows that he Is to be promoted on
: examination he is apt to take things easy
and then cram up for examination. For
another thing, written examinations put
a premium on dishonesty. It is impossible
to conduct a written examination in a
crowded class-room without dishonesty.
They quickly get cheating down to a sci-
I once and show great cleverness and in
| genuity in it. 1 have known a boy to
| work out a whole problem on a small bit
of tissue paper, make, a pellet of it and
snap It cl^ar across a room. Tf promotion
depends on getting the answers many will
noi scruple as to how they get them. The
! clever boy who cheats may easily make a
! better record than one who is greatly his
! superior in scholarship."
Stabbed in a Fight.
Eddie Hlnes. a 13-year-old boy living at
313 Filbert street, was taken into the
Harbor Receiving Hospital last night suf
fering from a knife wound in the left
breast He claims that the wound was
inflicted by Jlmmle Thomas, a 19-year-old
newsboy, while the two were fighting at
the corner of Montgomery avenue and
Filbert street. The injury, which was
very slight, was dressed by Dr. Fitzgih
bon'. Mrs. Hines. the boy's mother, says
she will swear out a warrant for Thomas'
arrest this morning.
Beaten in a Tunnel.
Alexander Kirkwood. second officer of
the collier Mineola, walked into the Har
j bor Hospital last night to have several
| ugly cuts and bruises about the face and
body dressed. He said that he attended
the picnic of the Eagles and while the
train was passing through the tunnel
near Greenbrae a crowd of men set unon
him and after beating him went through
his pockets. Thomas Holland was ar
rested and charged with battery. He is
believed to be one of the men who as
saulted Kirkwood.
ON A PEACEFUL MISSION
BREUSS IN LINE
FOR THE NEXT
ANNUAL MEDAL
Makes a High Score
at Schuetzen Park.
When the bullets had ceased ripping the
targets at Schuetzen Park yesterday and
the scores had all been tallied there arose
a "shout, prolonged and loud." Every
body proceeded to crowd arcund A.
Breuss and offer congratulations and the
right hand of fellowship, for the object of
their admiration has succeeded in making
the best score of the year— a performance
placing him in line for the championship
medal at the annual tournament to be
held in December next.
The day was pleasant, a Igood light on
the targets and the absence of a stiff
breeze affording the enthusiasts excellent
opportunity for displaying their skill.
The California Schuetzen Club and the
San Francisco Grutli Shooting Section
held bullseye shoots and the latter also a
medal contest.
A. Rreuss scored 22 points in the contest
of the California Schuetzen Club and took
first place: L. Hauser carried off the ma
jor portion of the laurels in the Grutli
bullseye shoot and A. yon Wyll won first
prize in the medal shoot of the same club.
In detail the scores of the California
Schuetzen Club were as follows:
A. Breuss, 22; F. E. Mason, 46; J. Jones, 555;
I IN
i o_i.i!^y s
\ Hampel, 660; H. Eckmann, 669: E. Normone.
670: F. A. Schrumpff. 77!>; A. Utschig. S6O; J.
Reubold. SS2: M Reubold. 1114; C. J. Walden,
li« 6; 3 Kullman. 1200; J. E. Gorman, 1398;
Philo Jacoby, 1410; F. A. Kuhls, 1415: J. Tam
meyer, 1«3»>: O. Bremf-r, 1670: L. E. Babin. 1680;
S Sagehorn 1730; R. Sanger. 2537; F. C. Mullln,
2. r ,f>s : A. Rahwyler. 2745; \V. Nolden, 2750; C.
Schoen, 2750; J. Gildea. 2752.
The following was the tally in the
Grutli medal shoot:
Champion class— A. yon "Wyll. 400.
First .lass— O. R. Hauser. 368.
i clasp — L. Hauser. 358.
First best shot— G. R. Hauser. 22.
Last best shot— Charles Ott. 20.
In the bullseye shoot of the same or
ganization the marksmen lined up in the
following order:
First. 1.. Hauser; second. A. yon Wyll; third.
J. Frei: fourth, Thomas Gimmer; fifth, Charles
Gut; sixth, Robert Hauser; seventh, Charles
Ott.
LURLINE BATHS RACES.
A Number of Well-Filled Events
Scheduled for Next Friday
Night.
There will be a number of exciting con
tests at the Lurllne Baths next Friday
night. The occasion is the fifth annual
tournament of the Lurline Swimming and
Polo Club. The programme will include
a number of swimming and diving events
besides a game of polo.
All the local« cracks are entered in the
various contests and some exciting fin
ishes should result. The members of the
Olympic Club are taking an active inter
est in the tournament and everything
points to a successful beginning of the
Lurline Club's swimming and polo season.
A. O. H. B. of E. Elects Officers.
The State convention of A. O. H. Board
of Erin elected officers for the ensuing
year as follows: J. J. Keating. State
delegate: J. H. Gilmore, State secretary;
M. G. Sears, State treasurer; M. McGiv
ney. State sergoant-at-arms. James Me- '
Curry was elected county delegate for the
county of San Francisco.
34
MONDAY.". .:. ; ....;.,... , .MAY 22, 1899
- • • JOHN 'D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE ...Mor'<ot and Third Sts., S. F ;
Telephone Main IS6S. . I
! DITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street :
Telephone Main 187*.
DELIVERED TtY CARRIERS, 1" CENTS PER WEEK.
Slni'l'" Coplesi r. cents.
Terms by MjJ!. Including r.->«tnK<«:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday i miv one year $«i.oo j
DAILY CALL ( including Sunday Call). 6 montfci 3.00 \
DAILY CALL llncludltiK Sunday Call), 3 months 1.50 j
DAILY CALL^By Sinsle Mo:.th... <"*« !
BUKDAY CALL <M:e Year 1.50
WEEKLY TALI-. One Year 1 - 00
.Ail postmasters ar» authorized to receive subscriptions,
Katnple copies will be forwarded when requeoted.
OAKLAND OFFICE .::.*.;■ ;.Y. 903 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE ...Room 193, Worid Building
C. CEO KROGJSEBS Advgrtuinfi Representative. |
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel |
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquetto nuildinfi
C. GHORGE KKOGNESB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clocK. 387 Mcyes street. OD«n until
8:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 LarKln street, open uot". 9:30 o'clock,.
I?4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 229! Market
Etreet. corner Slxt««nth. open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh
street, op«n until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana |
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS,
Columbia— "The Moth and the Flame."
Gran/1 Oi<era House "1 h« Gypsy Daren."
i'rpheum— Vaudeville.
AJrar.nr- "In Mliroura."
Tlvoll— "Tli.» .\lH!u!arln."
Chutes Zoo ar.d Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
tnd evenins.
Olyrapla— Corner Ma.«nn and Ellis streets— Specialties.
lnti>r>t.\tp Panorama Co.. irk it street, near Eighth— Bat-
ile ot Manila Bay.
Butrn Baths^-Pwlmrnlnit Rarcs. etc.
California —"The Brownies In dryland," Thursday even-
Ing, June 1.
Lecture by Rev. Charles A. Ranim. In St. Mary's Cathedral,
Wednesday Kvcnlnc. May "1.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Knolsel Quartet Concerts, Friday even
lr.g. May ■••
AUCTION SALES.
Hy Kildwln & Howell— Thursday, May 25, at 12 o'clock. Real
T.etni*, at 10 Montgomery street.
BUSINESS. MERE AND ELSEWHERE
CONSIDERING the country as a whole there
no striking features in trade at the mom
There is increased activity in two <>r three
the wheat trade i- getting more interesting, and
ut all. The bank cl - ained 43$ per
rresj ; :n^ w< ek last year,
Failures were [66, against 211, thus showing
mlition of businos. The flurry over the ;
Flower -tocks in Wall street has passed into the local
of that mart, and the street is once more
quiet tha.t is, as quiet as it ever pets.
Th< oi the wheat market is beginning t<
re attention. Crop prospects are by no means
they were a month ago, not only in the \
states and Europe, but right here at home, j
•her everywhere has been unfavorable to the]
growing grain. The crops In the Russian. Roumanian
>anubian districts have suffered severely from
ught, if we can believe the persistent reports, the
1 crop has Fallen back rapidly during the
.md the yield of American winter wheat
will not, it is thou : 275. 000. coo bushels. In
tral West immense areas of land sown to
 iv en 1 in consequence of the
Korth' winds have diminished the
Id. though an average crop i> expected.
Tin ts from Oregon draw an tin- j
crops there, both grain and
• . ' dly deficient owing to continued cold,
weather. Wheat operators, however, decline to I" 1
itinual reports and prices show lit- :
c, especially as the export movement from
■ -hows a marked decrease from last
year, hi the local market the other cereals are firm
For bai . >ats and corn have advanced'
during the past Few
The other leading staples of the country arc not as !
sluggish as wheat and are showing considerable j
gth. Hides ;■■ r arc verj firm and the ;
ship m the East are 22
per • than foi time in 1898. Wool
ely business ■ and have
I 1 and 1 ,000.000
latter i'»r c -. pi irt. Mean
ire decidedly larger
5< ems to be ai last on a sat
-I'he iron trade con!;
;■■ v • itions is reported, bat this,
with the starting up of new plants, does not deter
_ in orders for as far ahead as
demand for iron and steel is
ie. lumber business continues
■ • id building activity being
pon re nol >l lined but a further
ad\ ' ■' '■ ; >tt< n lags
• ■ home and abr iad
■ reports
!■■ no complaints are
jood in .. ■ Pro
■ I ■ firm, and the tendency
I than otherwise. Wool
■ ■ ■ 1 . md th< -:..">
•red. Cattle, sheep and
tan for some y
tod ■ have ceTtainly^nothing to complain
current quotations. The high and rising prices
■ ius encouragement j
and ii th< 1 ill news regard
-< nnc
Fruit, it is simply boom
rill not b< deal of it this year.
will bring fine prices. •\lrodv the
canners are contracting for aprio ■ per ton,
ted for Bai tletl ugh the
fii
not mentioned The fofmer will be a short
■ h here and in Orcj arrapes are
.1 detinue estimate. !
g at low prices, and this is the only
nation which could hardly be im
r the fan
General merchandise is meeting with a good and
lerhand, without excitement Money con
le supply at the usual rates, collections
-''■re rid failure* are few and generally iinim
tanti The sea|pn bids fair to be one of the best in
• ; of the State.
The fruit-growers of California have pooled their
of C. P. Hum ■!!,■ ton that he
bis hand in the big game he is playing wkh the ■
■ts nf the State foi traffic profits. The fruit
growers certainly are not ipnorant of the fact that
n C. P. Huntington is forced to ihow his hand!
be usually holds the highest in the deck.
THE MONUMENT COMMITTEE.
\A AYOR PHELAN has chosen well and wisely
/■ \ in selecting the gentlemen who arc t<> take
charge of the mpfement i<>r ihe erection of a i
monument to Admiral DJTwey. Th* work is an mi-:
ne, and ■'■• I strong public scfttiment
in its favor it will not be brought to success without I
ise of energy, tact and business sagacity of a \
irder.
The committee is a strong one in every respect. Its
I members not only h,old high positions in business and \
■ in social circles, but arc men of such ability, influence :
' and leadership they can count upon a large following
I of earnest supporters in the task they have under-!
'! hi i! very names carry weigh! with them, j
Whai citi en can doubt the < accomplishment of an
enterprise entered upon under the direction of Mayor
Phclan, frying M. Scott. F. W. Van Sicklen, C. L.
Pattern, C. 11. Murphy, diaries Bundschu, W. (i.
ford, J I). Grant, Leon Sloss, E. B. Pond,
rge D. Clark, Joseph S. Tobin, Fran!-. J. Symmes,
J. B. Reii I ■ . K. 1 1. Fletcher, R.
t verin, E. W. Hopkins and Horac< G. I'latt.
The committee has organized by the election of
Mayor Phelan president, Claus Spreckels and [rving
M. Scott vice presidents, and Captain R. 11. Fletcher
secretary. Each and every member of the committee :
; has not only consented to serve but has exhibited no j
i little ardor and enthusiasm in the movement. There
will be no laggards or recalcitrants among them.
£ach and all will work with an eye single toward the
success of the enterprise and with perfect harmony of i
i sentiment on all essential points of the undertaking.
While of course no details have yet been fixed con
cerning the monument, it is well understood it is to be !
I one of the notable monumental structures of the i
country. It has been suggested that at«least $100,000
will be required to defray its cost, and it is possible 1
that sum may be largely exceeded. The members of j
, the committee are reported to be sanguine they can
r.»ise the money needed in a comparatively short time.
The movement appeals, of course, not to San Fi
. cisco only, but to all California; and, as a matter of
fact, to the whole Pacific Coast. It i^ to be a mani- i
! festation by the people of this portion of the Union
of their appreciation of Dewey's great victory and an i
evidence of their recognition of its far-reaching im- i
nee to the Pacific Coast States.
The success which has attended the efforts in the
East to raise money to purchase a home for the hero
; in \\ n will of course stimulate Western
r in the movement for the monument, as Pacific
C. asi people are not likely to let those of the East
i cutdo them in the generous task of doing honor to .
the victor of Manila Bay. The prospect of the move- j
ii ent is therefore bright from every point of view, and i
. with a committee of such force to direct it there can .
W little doubt it will go forward with rapidity.
THE TRANS-MISSISSIPPI CONGRESS.
WHEN the Trans Mississippi Commercial Con
gress assembles for its tenth session, which is
to be held at \\ ichita beginning May 31, it will
hid before it a wide range of subjects to consider and
many issues along which it can hope to do useful and
1 the call for the congress it is
said, indeed, the discussions arc to I>e confined to
is of common interest to the territory repre
sented, but that leaves a wide field for both oratory
and action.
The issues which will be taken up by the congress
are: Irrigation and the arid regions, improvement of
Western rivers, water transportation, transportation
facilities of the West, our trade and how to ii
it. mining in the West, agriculture, national quaran
tine, statehood for the Territories, the Monroe doc
trine, homestead laws, trusts and combines, our for
issessions, the election of United States Sen
ators ami representation of the West at the Paris ex
ion.
:i programme of discussioH is calculated to
catch public interest in every direction. Many of the
■ properly treated by
• lercial congress. There is no reason why time
be taken up with discussions' of the Monroe
doctrine, our foreign possessions, the election of
United Stat< s Senators, and several others " ;
iar sort which in their nature are more political than
cfiniir.fr
If the congress by organized co-operation, or by
influencing pul : ' sentiment and shaping popular will
can do anything to improve the transportation facili
ties of the West, advance the cause of irrigation and
forestry, promote the enactment of legislation which
will build an Amerii an merchant marine for the trans
port of American goods to foreign markets, and
other measures of a similar nature, it will serve a
much more useful purpose than it can do by using its
tor-i'ins for ;t. ■.;.!(:::>• debates on every i^~i;e that hap
pen- to engage any part of public attention.
In the official call for the con^re^s it is announced
that the men to whom has been assigned the subjects
i ie national reputation by prac
irk and laborious study of the several subjects
! them. It is expected there will be present
the President of the United Stares, the Governors of
the sevei ' <- tes and- Territories and many of the
rs of the National Congress, both Senators
and representatr me of the leading
tn< n imin I l:i«
Such a gathering of leading men for the purpose
of discussing great measures is nearly always bene
ficial, and ■ ially so in a country so vast as ours,
where the t< to d ping local patr
and ideas is so marked. Anything which helps to lead
g ird the problems of the time from a
standpoint which commends a broader outlook than
thai of district interests is of course conducive to the
bettei understanding of such pi I • ■ to a wiser
solution of them. What has been accomplished by
the Trans Mi sissippi ( 1 n jr< - in the past is an evi
dence of is- genuine usefulness 10 the West, and it is
therefore fair to assume the c< I on will re
sult in consider; '
FORESTRY WORK IN THE EAST
IZLIJROM New York comes the announcement that
r* the State College of Forestry Cornell Uni
the State College of Forestry at Cornell Uni
versity has just replanted fifty acres of the
burned over lands of the \dirondacks with white pine
and other conifers, and lias started a nursery with
.enough seed to cover 2500 acres with seedlings two
years hence. It is further stated that hereafter the
college expects to replant at least 500 acres of the 'bare
lands every year, until all have been reforested. '
; The interesting feature of the report is the evidence
it give- of the increasing force of the movement of re
foresting the burned over and denuded tracts of land
in the more progressive States of the East. It is but
a short time since no effort whatever was made to re
plant the burned forests of "New York. The State
College of Forestry is something in the way of a new
experiment. This year it has replanted fifty acres,
but within two years it will have young trees enough
to replant' at least 500 every year. That is surely a
rapid advance and is a striking evidence that the ex
periment is doing well. \.
It is not in New York only, however, that extensive
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 22, 1899.
replanting of destroyed forests has been undertaken
in the Ea^t. Pennsylvania as well as New York has
Income an owner of forest lands and is experimenting
in forestry on a large scale. In Minnesota and Wis
consin, where rich pine regions have been made bare
either by the :i\ or by fire, extensive replanting has
been done. In fact. Minnesota has had her forestry
i roblems examined and reported upon by experts in
the science and the practice of tree planting and will
probably undertake the work of renewing her forests
upon so comprehensive a system as to serve as a
guide and model for all other States where anything
like similar- forest conditions prevail.
While most of the States have not taken anynot
tcps in the direction of scientific forestry, or of
any adequate care of the forests that remain to them.
yet in nearly all of them the subject is now engaging
the attention of earnest and thoughtful men. The
campaign of education in favor of forest preservation
has begun to achieve successes in all parts of the
Union. The people are beginning to understand
more and more dearly the importance of the issue and
•lv of applying a remedy to the evil
< : the carele >-. ;ting of our noble woods. As the
New fork Sun says, in commenting upon the work
«'one by the State College at Cornell :
"Timber is like wheat or any other crop. If we
wish to harvest it again and again on the same land
we must grow it there. The timber limits are prac
tically fixed by the immutable laws of climate, and
particularly of rainfall, and our forest resources
therefore are not inexhaustible. With our enormous
population and vast demand for lumber it is easy
enough to denude thousands of square miles and to
destroy the supply of the most desirable woods faster
than unaided nature can replace them. But if we
treat our forests half as well as we treat the other
forms of vegetable and animal life that enrich us, they
«re just as inexhaustible as the cattle on our plains or
the fishes in our lakes and rivers."
RAILROADS IN CHINA.
A RECENT publication of the Treasury Bureau
'■: Statistics, entitled "Commercial China in
1899," shows in a »trikinp, way the rapidity with
which that long closed empire is being opened up to
the trade and traffic of the outer world. At the pres
ent time upward of 6000 miles of waterways have been
declared open to steam navigation by the vessels of
all nations, and there are about 3000 miles of tele
graph wires in daily use.
It is in the statistics relating to railroads, however,
that the revolution of the commercial conditions of
the empire are most impressively shown. At the
present time only about 300 miles of railway are in
Operation in all China, and yet over 3000 miles are
now projected, and conccs:ion- for them have been I
granted. They will be pushed forward of course with j
much rapidity, for the builders and managers are all ;
eager to get ahead of one another and reap as much j
profit as possible from being first in the field.
Nearly every important nation in the world is in
terested in these railway projects, either directly or
through its commercial representatives. Starting
from Manchuria, the extreme northeasterly depen
dency of China, is a projected Russian line to con
nect with the great Russian trans-Siberian railway,
now nearing completion, which will bring its great 1
traffic to the ice-free ports of Port Arthur and Talien-
Wan, on the Gulf of Pechili. To this proposed Rus
sian line the Chinese Government has already given
assent, and work upon it is in progress.
As this Russian line passes so near to points where i
American and British commerce is established, Brit
ish capital lias arranged for the construction of a road
from Shan-Hai-Kwan, already touched by a com
pleted line from Peking to Tientsin, to Newchwang,
thus giving a ready railway communication with the
capital, the great port of Tientsin, and thence toward
the Yangtse Valley, where the British have arranged
with China that there shall at least be no concessions
in favor of any other Government, and which valley
i- thus by Borne, though with doubtful propriety,
termed a "British sphere of influence."
While the Russians arc building lines through the
north, the French are constructing them in South
China. In Central China nearly all nations have a ;
share, but the British have the larger number and the 1
more important concessions. Belgium, however, is j
not far behind, as her representatives have a conces
sion for a line from Peking to Hankow, the most !
important interior city in the empire. The road will
be 050 miles Ibng and it is said will traverse a country j
rich in mineral as well as agricultural resources and j
inhabited by upward of [00,000,000 people.
American concessions for railways are said to be I
confined up to the time the report was prepared to a !
line which is to connect Canton with Hankow. In j
reviewing the subject the New York Tribune recently I
said: "This line, which is about 000 miles in length,
5 through a rich and important agricultural j
<n, having a population equal to that of the
United States, and at its center taps an important
iron' and coal area. The direction of the proposed line
i- almost due north and south, and while it practically
touches the seaboard at its southern terminus, where
it reaches the Yangtze at the north is several hundred
miles interior, thus bringing to the great port of Can
ton the products of the upper Yangtze Valley, which
section. is quite similar to that of the Upper Mississ
ippi in our own country."
It will be seen that China is about to make an im
mense stride in the way of internal development. We
shall have the paradox that the most stagnant of na
tions is the one which makes the swiftest march to
innovation. A change from a railway mileage of less
than 300 miles to one of over 3000 in about five or six
years will eclipse anything ever done even in this
country.
Mrs. L..M. X. Stevens, president of the National
Woman's Christian Temperance Union, considers it
a matter worthy of comment that Governor Gage has
defeated the will <^\ the people in depriving cities of
the fifth and sixth <!a-s of the privilege of voting for
license or not. When M r.s. Stevens has been a lit
tk longer in California she will look upon Governor
1 - violations of public rights not as matters
worthy of comment but as matters of course, to be ;
pted with resignation until the people of Califor- i
nia get another chance at hi> Excellency.
A veteran of the Mexican War who. by mishap, was
lobbed of his faculties over fifty years ago. was hit
on the held with a block of wood a few clays ago and
almost miraculously regained his senses. The same
treatment might give some sense to certain officials
high in the State government
Many of the convict; at San Cjuentin. in a search
lor the satisfaction of a new desire, have acquired the
belladonna habit. If reports of the condition of af
fairs in the penitentiary be not exaggerated, some of
the incarcerated beasts might well be initiated into the
habit of hanging.
The fact that Tom Reed on leaving Con-.,--, will
go into business in New York City by way of re
tirement i- tin strongest proof we have yet had of
what a very uproarious menagerie the House of Rep
resentatives must be.
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The statistics of the mineral production
of the State for 1898 as compiled by the
Mining Bureau and published recently in
The Call became more Striking and sig
nificant by a comparative showing. The
record for live years shows a steady In -
crease of approximately (2,000,000 a year
during the past five yeacjs.
It cannot be doubted that the ratio of
increase will lie vastly greater in the fu
ture, beginning with this year. The total
of ov< r (27,000,000 of "raw material" added
tq the wealth produced by the State
makes the greatness of . the industry
: stand out In a prominent way. The total
i is. of course, small compared with the
totals of the fifties, when placer gold ran
, the record up to sixty or seventy mil-
I lions, but that was gold practically alone.
Gold now is but little more than half the
mineral product, and there are thirty-five
other mineral substances produced com
' mercially in quantities worthy of record.
The fact that the gold product of 1898
wa i practically the same as that of 1897
in spite of the drought that hi
tlmated to have caused a shortage of
from $3,000,000 to (5,000,000 in the yield il
lustrates the greatly increased activity of
I last year. This, and the much greater
activity of this year, including the great
Increase In the number of producing
mines and the doubling and trebling of
the scale of operations in many others,
gives a sure promise of an increase of
several millions in the output for 1899.
The copper boom with the opening of so
many small copper mines throughout the
State and the greatly enlarged scale of
operations by the Montana Copper Com
pany will forge the copper product ahead.
There never was BO much prospecting
for petroleum and so many discoveries
in npw oil fields as now. The asphalt
production will soon show a large in
crease. The conditions are favorable .or
enlarged output of such now compara- ;
tively unimportant products as antimony,
marble, slate, coal, sulphur, etc.
Some of the striking features of the
record are shown by accompanying dia
grams There are now five products
which amount to over $1,000,000 annually
—gold copper, petroleum, quicksilver and
borax. Asphalt has increased In five
years from 1233,800 to $4^2.17:.. Silver be-
Ing almost entirely a by-product of gold
mining, remains at about the snmo_ fig
ure through the recent years— ?4l4,O;».> for
1898 The quicksilver product remains
nearly stationary, from year to year. It
was $1,188,626 in 1898. Borax has increased
from JSuT.SiiO in 1894 and $595,900 in 1895 to
$1 i£3,000 in 1898. There Is a boom at hand
in nearly every phase of the industry.
The museum of the State Mining Bu
reau has more than doubled its aver
age daily attendance since moving to the
Ferry building in February. Ever since
then Curator Durdon and his experienced
assistants have been busy with the ar
rangement of the specimens in the wall
and show cases and the work is now
practically completed. The collection j
crowds all the available space in the long 1
and light hall it occupies on the third ]
floor and makes a very attractive and
quite imposing array. Two years ago
there were 15.000 specimens in the collec
tion but now only about 10,000 are dis
played. The collection has been improved
by the reduction.
'in past years there were a great num
ber of things which were simply curious
suitable to a popular museum like that or
Golden Gate Park, but having no rela
tion to the mineral world. Many of these
-were given to the park some time ago.
Many others belonged to the late Jacob
Z I 'avis, who was so long a trustee and
who took a great interest in the institu
tion Besides his valuable mineral con
tributions there were several hundred cu
rios such as ancient arms and South *>ea
things which were simply loaned. The
heirs have removed these. There used to
be a collection of stuffed birds and these,
too. have gone to the park. There are a
number of these curios left to interest the
casual visitor, but the collection has been
made almost entirely a mineral ono. As
such it has been improved by culling out
duplicates and specimens of small inter
est or value. It now delights between
four and live hundred visitors a day.
Many are merely curious visitors and
many are people intelligent in mining.
As the display of the State Board of
Trade is on the same floor in the other
half of the building the two institutions
mutually increase their attendance. There
is also "an Increased attendance at the
library i The collection is steadily grow
ing and is also being improved constant
ly by the substitution of better speci
mens.
During 1888 the Selby Smelting Company
deposited over $21,000,000 in refined gold at
the San Francisco Mint, an Increase of
nearly $2,000,000 over the deposits of 1897
The largest proportion of this gold came
from California mines, as Selbys receive
probably three-fourths of the California
product at the same price paid at the
Mint and then refine it. Its books en
able a segregation of the amount of
California gold and so help the Mint
statistician in arriving at the figures of
the total California production yearly.
The rest of Selby's gold deposits come
from the Klondike. Alaska, British Co
lumbia, Mexico and farther south.
Many copper claims and partly devel
oped copper mines are being bonded or
sold along the copper belts from Plumas
south to Medera and Fresno counties, and
prospecting for copper is very active as
a consequence of the copper boom and
the. ready market for such properties.
One of the latest to be sold is the Cross
mine in Madera county, which has been
bought by New York men for $125,000.
This mine has been worked in a small way
for years. The Campo Seco mines in
Calaveras county are among those in
which active work is being resumed.
The Loyal Lead mine Of Black Hills,
Amador County, which has not been
worked for several years. is another of
the many old and long idle mines to be
reopened and developed. A San Fran
cisco company has secured an interest
and deposited $150,000 for development
work which will begin at once. It is
■1 promising property, though the deepest
shaft is but 100 feet.
J Parker Carbus ha? boon made super
intendent of the Treadwell mines, Alaska.
in place of Robert Duncan, Jr.. deceased.
A visit to the Gwin mine will show one
what a busy < amp in the mountains is.
says the Amador Record. The shaft is
being sunk, the forty-stamp mill is ope
rating steadily, the foundation for the
new mill is being put in, and the road
down the canyon is being graded by hy
draulic process.
Grading has been done and foundation
is being put in for sixty stamps, but
forty only arc to be installed immediately,
bringing the mill capacity up to eighty
stamps, with an opportunity of adding
twenty more at a slight expense. The
new mill is on a line with the old one and
north of it.
The resumption of work at the Darling
mine, situated on Bear creek, near
Georgetown, is about the best piece of
mining news it is our pleasure to an
nounce this week, says the Mountain
Democrat of Placerville, El Dorado
County. An English company of means
has taken hold of the property and work
of unwatering the lower levels was com
menced the past week. John Wood is
putting the twenty-stamp mill in shape
to commence crushing within the next
two weeks. _
Tuolumne County was organized as a
mining district on April 29. at a conven
tion held in Sonora. The principal fea-
ture> of the laws adopted- was the follow
ing regarding mining locations:
Section .". Mining claims hereafter located in
■aid district upon veins or lodes of quartz or
other rock or veins of metal or its ores, shall
be located in the following manner, t>> wit.:
By !■< -stinur thereon two notices written or
printed upon paper or some metallic or other
substance, each to be i">.~t*'d in Bach manner as
to expose to view the full contents of the no
tlce, one of which shall be posted in a con-
BptCUOUI plai-i- at earn end of the claim. Said
notice shall contain the name or names of the
locators, the date of the location and such a
description of the claim or claims located by
nee to some natural object or permanent
monument as will Identify the claim. Saul no
tices may be in the following form, t<> wit.:
"Notice is hereby given that the undersigned
has this day located as a Quarts mining claim
linear feet of vein or lod upon which this
notice Is posted, together with feet on each
Bide of the. center of said vein, which said
Claim phall he known as and called the —
quartz mine; that said claim is situate in the
Tuolumne Minine District. County of Tuol
umne. State of California and is rl -scribed as
follows, to wit.: 'Mere insert description.)
Dated this day of A. P., I—.1 — .
, l-iooator.
Many other districts all over the State
are organizing and adopting mining laws
as a consequence of t ho repeal of the
State law." The Mining and Scientific
Press makes the senslbl* suggestion that
the California Minns' Association should
recomru.'i.d a form 'if location notice and
thus se< are something like uniformity
throughout the State.
Attorney Reuben H. Lloyd is arranging
to begin the systematic development of
his Golden West quartz mine in the Blue
Canyon mining district of Placer County.
This great property comprises 320 acres of
land and a water right covering inon
inches of water, which will be flumed KM)
feet l'i'nrn c dam and used at a pressure
of 32 feet. The ledge, is an immense one,
nearly 200 feet wide, and many assays
show values of from $5 to $100 a ton. It
is such large bodies of low grade ore i
which, if they yield a small average profit,
make the great mines.
The Azalea of Placer County is one of,
the Important drift mines' now being de
veloped with bright future prospects. It
is owned by the Blue Canyon Mining and
Development Company. The -in. Dun shares
of stock are mainly held by 136 railroad i
men of the Sacramento anil Wadsworth I
divisions of the Southern Pacific. An as- •.
I sessmpnt of 1 cent a month raises ?400 for
cjurat ions, and the thirty-eighth assess
■ ment is now due. About £15,000 h;>s been
1 spent, mainly in running a tunnel, which
is now In ITifiO feet. Tin channel is ex
pected to be reached at about 2000 feet by
j January next. The company owns 690
acres of land and is a good example of i
whai is being done by many legitimately i
organized mining companies possessed of
promising properties and operating in a
strictly business way.
The Bellwether mine of Amador County
has just been put on a financial basis that
will result in the thorough prospecting
and development of the property. Mrs.
.1. \V. Hepburn, the owner, has trans
ferred a large interest to a San Francisco
company, Incorporated, with i" l "'O,OO0 shares
at $1 each. The new company agr.
pay In 10 cents per share at once and 5
cents a month thereafter.
The interest of Colonel B. A. TT^ad in
i the Blue Gouge mine of El Dorado
County has been sold to Eastern men and
ili- new company will at once start a new
tunnel and otherwise develop the prop
erty.
The mill at the Ftica mine j s closed for
two weeks ns the result of a serious ac
cident, for which the engineer was re
sponsible.
An unusual number of mine accidents,
serious or fatal, are being reported alone:
the mother lode lately. This is another
i reminder that California has no system !
i of mine inspection such as has reduced
i greatly the number of accidents in other
States.
The Fellowcraft mine of San Andreas,
Calaveras County, \p another of the prom
ising properties recently transferred to
new people with adequate capital. The
lasi company suspended operations last
December for want of money after put
ting up a ten-stamp mill and doing con- j
Biderable development work. The new j
company is the Veritas Gold Mining Com
pany, which will remodel the mill and'
begin a systematic exploration of the
mine.
The Oro Fino gravel min^at Mokelumne |
Hill. Calaveras County, has been sold to i
• San Francisco men, who will begin exten
sive operations at once.
The Bunker Hill and Mayflower mines,
north of Amador City, which have been I
idle because of financial embarrassments, j
are. It Is reported, about to pass into the
hands of a new company that will do
something with this fine property.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
N. E. de Too, a merchant of Modesto,
is at the Lick. .
A. H. McDonald, a mining man of So
nora, is at the Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. S. B. Burnham of Chicago
are at the Occidental.
J. S. Jennings and A. M. Noble and
wife of Stockton are at the Grand.
William H. Barton, proprietor of the
Fresno Opera House, is at the California.
Rev. J. L. Dearing. wife and children
returned from Tokio and are at the Occi
dental.
Ex-Governor H. H. Markham of Pasa
dena arrived yesterday morning and is at
the Palace.
F. A. Lyon, W. E. Price. G. M. Ilsley
and James Thieben of Sacramento are
at the Grand.
E. C. Voorhies, one of the owners, and
M. Thomas, superintendent of the Gwin
mine, are at the Palace.
Fulton Berry of Fresno and Major Kim
ball of Red Bluff are at the Palace. Kim
ball is going to Southern California for
health and rest.
M. Kojima. a young Japanese nobleman,
is stopping at the California en route to '•
his home in Tokio. He has finished a
course at the National Military Academy.
■ ♦ ■ .
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. May 2L— H. B. Quinan of
San Francisco Is at the Albemarle: 11. H.
Goldschmidt of Los Angeles is at the
Marlborough.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Elswick yard. Armstrongs, han
seven cruisers in hand tor foreign navies,
ranging fr>>m 9700 tona to -.*><'•'> tons, and
also two topedo-boal destroyers of 350
tons each for the British navy!
The Japanese torpedo-boat-destroyer,
Shinoneme, built by Thorneycroft, left
Falmnuth. England-, on February 17 for
Japan, and arrived at Yokohama April 15,
making the trip in fifty-seven days, which
is pood time for a vessei ol 875 tons and
machinery of delicate constructibn. The
captain pronounced the Sbinoneme as a
good sea-boat.
The remnants of the Spanish fleet in
Cuban waters has reached Cadiz. Three
gunboats, the Ftilpinas, (Jalieia and Die
go Velasqaea, were left at Martinique as
unserviceable and only seven of th« tifty
two gunboats and other small war vessels
which constituted the Spanish fleet in the
West Indies one year ago have been
saved out of the general wreck and re
turned to Spain. _
The British navy will be largely in
creased during the present fiscal year end
ing March 31. W l . There will be half a
dozen launches of battleships and ether
large v, Bse]B, and in the same period
about fifty war vessels of different types
wHI pass through tho completing stags
and enter into the reserve, ready to go
into commission. Among these additions
to the active list are five battleships of
12.950 tons each of the Albion class; four-
teen protected cruisers, and thirty-one un
protected ships, including sloops gun
boats and torpedo boat destroyers. Those
fifty vessels have an aggregate tonnage
Of 14.1 590, carry 235 guns of six inches and
upward and MO smaller guns. Their cona
ploment of officers and crew nnmM^
11,330, eaual to the entire United States
navy' personnel of ton. years ago.
The Jurien do la Graviere, a first-class
crulß( r of W» tons. 17,400 horsepower and
an intended speed of twenty-three Wiots,
is to be launched some time next July at
l'Orient dockyard. She was begun in
Octoner, 1896, and is not expected to be
completed before 1901.
It will require three to four months to
put the British cruiser Terrible in sea
going condition after her recent experience
wiili bursl boiler tubes. Every tube in
her forty-eight boilers will be subjected
to a critical examination, and all the
welded ones will be removed. It is author-
Itatively stated that the tubes c
from the use of salt water, and the ad
miralty has ordered that only fresh water
is henceforth to be used in water tube
boilers.
The Naval Cadet Colleg) ai St. Peters
burg will celebrate n* two hundredth an
niversary on A.ugusl 19 next. It was es
tablished bj Peter the Great, who Induced
Professor Farquharson of Aberdeen t'ni
v. rsity to start the now Institution. Far
quharson was ;i distinguished mathema
tician anil kni w also a good deal of navi
gation, and he Induced two other Scotch
men of learning. Stephen Gwyer and
Richard Gri.-s. to join their fortunes with
his in the land of the Muscovites.
Axel Orling, a Swede, has invented a
rkabl
remarkable contrivance for steering a
torpedo from shore or ship without any
material connection between it and . the
operator. He gave a private demonstra
tion of the workings of his invention in
London last month. In one room Mr.
Orling had fixed up a model torpedo fitted
with a rudder like a fish's tail, while his
controlling apparatus was in an adjoin
ing- chamber; and though there were a
couple of partition walls between the two
objects the spectators were surprised to
see the rudder of the torpedo turning to
starboard or port at the will of the opera
tor. The principle of this invention con
sists in the transmission of motor force
by means of waves of light. Similar to the
X rays. The steering influence is opera
tive over a frontage of about 100 yards in
a distance of two miles, and the greater
the distance the longer becomes the line
of controlling front. The inventor will
shortly give a public demonstration of
the value of his invention for steering
purposes at the mouth of the Thames, rf
An invention of dubious practical value
was recently presented and explained be
fore the Society of Engineers'- meeting
at St. Petersburg. It is a con
trivance to automatically reveal a
leak on board ship, and consists of a cage
located in the hold, the cage containing a
lever with counterbalancing weight. The
presence of water disturbs the balance
and brings the lever in contact with an
electric system which then lights a lamp
in that part of the ship where the leak is
and rings a bell. The Russian Admiralty
has ordered two of th.oe "leak revealers"
to be placed on board the General Aprak
sin for experimental purposes. Some
twenty-five years ago an invention In the
line of automatic work was unloaded on
our Navy Department. It was an auto
matic alarm pump and ventilator! one
placed on each Fide or the shin and the
rolling motion of the vessel was to fur
nish the power to the contrivance for
ventilating or pumping purposes. It
failed to work in practice, but several sets
out of forty-seven purchased were, sent to
Mare Island with an order to place them
aboard ship. The order was obeyed
to this extent that the boxes containing
the pumping mechanism were put on
board some of the ships. The Saranac
carried her automatic alarm ventilating
and pumping contrivance carefully packed
away in boxes and stowed in the coal
bunkers, and when the old ship struck a
rock in Puget Sound the $4000 invention
went down with the ship. It might be •
said that there was no fair test, but as a *
matter of fact the inventor succeeded only
with the Government and was unable to
get it aboard any merchant ship.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's."
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. •
. ♦ .
The best bicycle and bath enamels, also
floor and house paints, cheap in artists'
material department at Sanborn & Vail's
741 Market street. • "
« ♦ ■
Joseph Jefferson is a firm believer
that a man must be sick once in ten
years. Since 1569 he has been ill every
tenth year. .'■..'
Hock Island Route Excursions
Lieave San Francisco every Wtdneaday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railway* Through
tourist sleeping cars to Ch;  BoatOß.
Manager and porter accom:
Bions through to Boston. For ::■».--< *>eptng
car accommodations and further
address CLINTON JONKS,
Rock Island Hailway, 624 ■.:
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrap"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arlslns from teething or
other causes. For sale by Pniirßlsts In every
part of the world. l ; i' tan and ask for Mrs.
' Blow's Soothing Syrup, Sso a bottle.
— -.-♦>,.
HOTEL. DEt. CQIU>KA9O-->Tftke advnntajre
of the rouiMl-tr<p ttek^t*. Now only. $60 bv^
steamship. tnelttdUlg <1ft»«« days" board »r
hotel; lonttr >ia> P>. ¥l \-et te*« Apply at 4
New Mo^iromor> rtW^V £«« Kranclaco.
* * —
The "closed ilow2 *N Maflajfnscar un
der Fi«>inh v\\\& \\'as caused Great
Britain's ti .->.;.■ t*^ &tW tx\*\\\ 1790.000 to
$160.000 in one \ ■ ■■«■•
ADvru risi'Mi'\ is.
Young children, to avoid
marasmus, scrofula, or
rickets, and develop healthy
tissues, bones and teeth, need
fats and hypophosphites. Dr.
W. Gilman Thompson, <
Prof. Materia Medica and
Therapeutics, in the Uni-
versity of New York, asserts
that Cod-liver Oil is the
best fat for the purpose.
Scott's Emulsion is cod-
liver oil partly digested and
combined with hypophos-
phites, it gives children^
material for . rich blood,
solid flesh, bones and teeth.
• c.,,^^^, s°c- and i.oo. all druggists. -.:
SCOTT £ BOWN£, ChaaitE New Yqi*,,QUARANTINE IS
EVADED DESPITE
OFFICIAL ORDERS
Gaelic's Captain and
Pilot the Culprits.
DR. CHALMERS WAS IGNORED
VESSEL DEFIANTLY CROSSED
THE DEAD LINE.
Two Narrow Escapes From Drown
ing—The Alaska's Cook and the
Willamette's Fireman Res
cued in Nick of Time.
There was real trouble on the steamer
b.-fore she docked Saturday, and
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Morris' Letter to
* EVERY WIFE AND MOTHER.
[I.KTIER TO M**}. PINKHAM NO. 14,363]
: "I have taken eight bottles of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
with gratifying results. I had been
married four years aad had two chil-
dren. I was all run down, had falling
of womb with all its distressing symp-
toms. I had doctored with a good
physician, but I derived very little good
from his treatment. After taking a
few bottles of your medicine, I was
able to do my work and nurse my seven-
months'-old babe. I recommend your
medicine to every wife and mother.
Had I time, I could write much more
in its praise. I bid you God's speed in
your good work." — Mrs. L. A. Morris,
\Vr.LiKA, PutnamCo., FLA.
" DBAS Mrs. Pixkiiam — When I com-
menced the use of your remedies I was
very bad oft:. Every two weeks I was
troubled with flowing spells which made
me very weak. I had two of the best
doctors, but they did not seem to help
me.
"They said my trouble was caused
from weakness and was nothing to
worry about. I felt tired all the time; had
no ambition. I was growing vorse all
the time until I began the use of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. lam
now able to help about the house, and
am much improved in health." — Mrs.
A. Walker, Callicoox Depot, N. Y.
FASCINATING /=%
COMPLEXIONS^^
That soft, smooth, rose-llntprl T*?jl# £^
complexion bo much desired can x^t^^^
be obtained bythe use of WOODBURt'S Far-lal
poap and Facial Cream. They possess marvel-
ous power for br'.Klitenlng the color. tflvin*
new life and tone to th- akin; b«autlfyln» and
UMU U)« conoßlexloa. . . ...*
the outcome will probably be the arrest
of Captain Finch, master of the ship,
and Captain Ersklne: the pilot, for dis
obeying the orders of the State Quaran
tine Officer. Once before Dr. Chalmers
aaa Captains Finch and Ersklne arrested
ror docking the Gaelic without permis
sion, but as the steamer had been grant
ed pratique by the Federal Quarantine
Officer the two skippers were exonerated
by the State courts.
When the Gaelic arrived from the Ori
ent last Saturday afternoon Dr. Chal
mers, the State Quarantine Officer,
boarded her off Black Point. He at once
notified the captain and pilot not to cross
the quarantine line until he had exam
ined the ship's papers and the passen
gers. Dr. Brooks, the Federal Quaran
tine Officer, was nowhere in evidence,
and Finch and Ersklne, ignoring the
State officer proceeded on up the bay in
search of him. Tills made Dr. Chalmers
angry, and he made the mistake of go
ing on the bridge to call Captain Finch's
attention to the law of the case. By this
time the Gaelic was almost to the Angel
Island quarantine station and both cap
tain and pilot refused to discuss the ques
tion until the vessel was anchored. As
Boon as thai was accomplished Dr.
Brooks came aboard and then everybody
on the Gaelic Ignored Dr. Chalmers. The
latter was furious and left the steamer
and vowed that he would prevent the
passengers from landing. However, he
did not make the attempt, but Captains
Finch ami Ersklne are expecting arrest
to-day for Ignoring the State quarantine
laws. On this occasion they will not be
able u> plead that the ship had been
given pratique by the Federal Quarantine
t Ifflcer.
No time was lost in unloading the
Gaelic The work of discharging her be
i pan at 7 o'clock Saturday night, and by
yesterday morning over 22.000 package's
o£ merchandise had been taken out of
her. Things were then in such a condi
i tion that three of the hatches could be
| used for receiving freight, and all day
long and all last night the work of load-
Ing and discharging went on simultane
: uiisly.
CLOSE=HAULED IN SAN PABLO BAY.
The Gaelic • was eight days behind
schedule time in getting here, hut she
i •will be only one day late in leaving here.
1 Next Thursday she will sail with.. 4800
tons of cargo for the Orient.
Sir James Poole, one of the passengers
or the Gaelic, Is well known by name
1 among the shipping men of San Fran
cisco. He is the senior partner of the
i firm of James Poole & Co.. owners of the
British ships Battle Abbey, Evesham Ab
bey, Walden Abbey and Kenyon. All of
these vessels with the exception of the
Battle Abbey have been here during the
past twelve months. Sir James is the
guest of William Greer Harrison at the
Bohemian Club. He is making a tour of
the world for pleasure and will remain
only a short time in California.
ih<-r.- were two narrow escapes from
drowning on the front early yesterday
morning Ben Nixon, a fireman on the
steamer Willamette, was the first to near
ly loose the number of his mess. The col
lier is lying at the Beal< street bunkers
and Ben was making his way from the
Mail dock to her. He took a short cut
over the dilapidated wharves on the city's
property between Main and Beale streets,
and one of the planks broke under him
and he dropped Into the soft mud and
water underneath. The tide was coming
in and as Nixon could not extricate him
self from the tenacious mud, it looked as
though he was going to be drowned.
Luckily, when the water had reached his
armpits, a longshoreman heard his cries
and going to his assistance Boon had him
on the wharf again, Nixon was taken to
the Harbor Hospital more dead than
alive, where Dr. Digging treated him for
a scalp wound and Immersion. He will
be able to go back to his work to-day.
Henry Webb, chief cook of the bark
Alaska, was the other victim. The vessel
is lying at Howard street wharf and
when trying to go aboard Webb lost his
footing on the gangway and fell between
the ship and the wharf. The watchman
at Rosenfeld's bunkers heard him calling
for help and going to his assistance pulled
him out of the water. Webb was pumped
out at the Harbor Hospital by Dr. Dig
gins. He is now all right* again. Webb Is
an ex-British soldier and holds the good
service medal for his work in India and
Egypt. He saw plenty of active service,
as Dr. Diggins found. scars of half a dozen
bullet and-. sword wounds on his person
when he was treating him for submersion.
The bark Alaska will probably get away
for Cape Prince of Wales. Point Hope,
Kotzebue Sound and Cape Nome to-day.
Among her passengers will be a represen
tative of the Alaska Coal Oil Company,
who is going to locate oil wells at Point
Hope. These wells have been running
for years and in the hold of the Alaska
are 400 barrels that are to be filled with
the crude petroleum and brought to San
Francisco as a 'sample of the stuff. As
soon as the wells are located a house will
be built and provisioned and one of the
party who goes north on the Alaska will
remain there until next season. If every
thing is favorable a plant will be taken
up next year and the shipment of oil to
San Francisco in large quantities will be
i trio. msßSk
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 22, 1899.
SAN FRANCISCO
YACHTSMEN HAVE
SPLENDID SPORT
Big Schooners Make
a Pretty Race.
AGGIE JUST BEAT LURLINE
SLOOP NIXIE PROVES HERSELF
A FAST SAILER.
A Novel Method of Awarding Time
Allowance Which Rendered Yes
terday's Trial of Speed
Interesting.
Visitors who went over to Sausalito
yesterday even by the earliest ferry boats
must have wondered what in the world
had become of the fleet of yachts general
ly to be Been at anchor In front of the
San Francisco Club house. Only three
boats remained— Dr. A. \V. McKenzTe's
-sloop Sappho, G..T. S. White's sloop Will
o' the WISQ and W. M. Edgell's little yawl
Dulce. All the othrr craft had sailed up
to Y;Ulejo on Saturday afternoon or even
ing and anchored in the channel well
above the ferry slip, in readiness for the
trial of speed held yesterday. The event
was 'inducted on a plan which is novel
in the Bay of San Francisco, and which
certainly proved very interesting. Hith
erto in regattas or races the yachts have
crossed the starting line as soon as pos
sible after the firing of the signal gun
for their class, and as they neared the
finishing point it was quite impossible
for the spectators to tell which boat had
' realty won. Bven the judges and official?
' did not know the result until elaborate
1 calculations of time allowances, starting
time and finishing time had been made.
In yesterday's race the time allowances
were calculated and were given to the
various boats before . they started— the
smallest boat started first, then the next
Smallest and so on, until the largest boat
in the fleet was reached, which crossed
the starting line last. Great interest was
felt in the event, because It brought out
the four big schooners Lurline. Aggie,
! Chlspa and Ramona, and also because tin.
sloop Nixie, which has never competed
in any races on the bay, though she has
th*- reputation of being very fast, was en
] tered.
At about 3 o'clock a sloop was seen com
ing through Raccoon Straits ahead of the
llet t. She was soon seen to be G. E. Bil
lings' sloop Nixie, which presented a
pretty sight as she crossed the finishing
line between the clubhouse and a stake
boat at 2S minutes and 34 seconds past 3
o'clock. Her corrected time for the dis
tance, which was estimated at 21.. r >o nauti
cal miles, was 3 hours 39 minutes and 42
seconds.
After the Nixie came the big schooners
I,urline. Aggie and Ramnna, the first
named being clearly distinguishable by
her black hull. The three were strung out
In line, and were separated by moderate
distances. Ramona was last of the three,
but as between Aggie and iAirllne, it was
anybody's race. 'Aggie was to windward
of" the other two, and so had the ad
vantage All three were standing off to
ward Yellow Bluff, before pulling out
and reaching for the stake-boat. Ramona
went about lirst. but the flood tide, which
was running strongly, set her up the bay
so much that she could not pass to wlnd-
TABLE SHOWING TIME ALLOWANCE.
•Did not start. tDId not finish.
Note- Frolic came up to but did not erosg the line at 4:25:3u; she put about and filled on
the starboard tack; after cruising round ahe came to her mooring, crossing the finishing
line.
ward of the mark, and had to go about |
again. This left the race to the Lurline !
and Aggie. The last-named went wen j
out before pulling about, and crossed the
line at 55 minutes and 18 seconds past 3 |
o'clock. Lurline followed 2 minutes and
5 seconds later. On corrected time Aggie,
which received 2 minutes and 3tt seconds
from Lurllne, won by the narrow margin
of 1 minute and 13 seconds. Ramona
crossed the line 15 minutes and 30 seconds
after Lurline. Nixie won the pennant for
the yacht crossing the finishing line first,
and Aggie received the pennant for the
boat making the fastest time down from
Vallejo.
The first of the small boats to finish was
A. Sutherland's Catherine, which was ■«.
lowed by Commodore T. L. Hill's Cygnus,
E. C. Bartlett's yawl Frolic, Wood's sloop
Angela. J. R. Savory's sloo-> Juanlta. and
R. S. Bridgeman's Thetis, In the order in
which they are named. The schooners
Virginia and White Wings, the yawl
Ripple, and the sloops Aeolus. Will O'
the Wisp and Sappho did not start. The
schooner La Paloma, the yawl Phyllis,
the cutter Folly and the catboat We're
Here were distanced. The results are
shown In full in the table.
W. M. Edgell and J. Kitterman officiated
as judges; Commodore C. H. Harrison
was referee; Dr. V. P. Buckley acted as
timer at Vallejo, and R. R. l'Hommedieu
as timer at the club house in Sausallto.
The results of yesterday's race leave the
question of supremacy between the Aggie
and Lurllne unsettled, and show that no
boat In the bay can give the Nixie the
time allowance to which the rules entitle j
h«r and beat her. It is likely that later
in the season the big schooners will meet i
again in a trial of speed.
FOR THE SOLDIER DEAD.
James A. Garfield Post's Memorial
Services .
There will be a programme of excellent
merit presented to-morrow evening
by Garfield Post. G. A. R.. In Social Hall,
Alcazar building.
The band of the Hamilton Evening
School will play while the colors are be- I
' ing presented to the audience, and the -
hall will be decorated with a profusion of j
choice flowers, intermingled wkh the \
j Stars and Stripes, the programme in part i
I beinp to impress an object lesson on those j
who attend. For this reason the teachers i
in the public schools have been Invited j
to be present with their pupils and the j
j parents of such, as well as members of I
j the Grand Army and their families.
Frank G. Rohner, the organist, Com- !
rale Peter Johansen, flutist, and the lat- •
! ter's daughter, Isabel, a violinist, will ren- '
der selections from "Maritana" and Han- i
! del. Messrs. E. S. Elkes, first tenor; Geo. j
i Rice, second tenor; \V. C. Stadfeld, first j
: bass, and William Neilson, second bass, :
I have volunteered to sing, as a quartet, !
I "The Vacant Chair," "Sleep, Comrades. I
| Sleep," and "The Soldier's Farewell." The !
Rev. Dr. '\Ym. Rader. Third Congregation- j
al Church, will deliver the memorial ora- !
tion, after which there will be "taps," j
J while the whole promises to be a most at- i
tractive programme, to which all are in
vited.
Jfafc&Kdilnv
Enables all to I*' well and well enact their
part of life's drama. When you know It is
made by the Anheuser-Busch Brewing- As.s'n
you arc assured of its merit.
MANGLED BY AN ENGINE.
ilarry McNeili Had Both His Legs
Ground Off Yesterday.
Harry McNelll, a switchman, aeed 22
years, while assisting In making up a
train of cars at Townsend and Sixth
streets at 6 o'clock yesterday morning,
missed his footing while trying to board
a moving engine after he had succeeded
in in;iking his coupling good. The unfor
tunate young fellow was drawn under the
engine and had both his legs literally
ground off just below the knee joints
His cry of nain and suffering' was
heard by his fellow workmen, who ha?t
ened to his assistance, and as soon as a
conveyance could be procured had him
taken to St. Mary's Hospital, where
Dr. Henry amputated both legs. Up to a
late hour last nlKht MoNeill was still un
conscious, hut considering his youth and
strong constitution there is hope of his
life being saved.
We always have bargains on second
flooi in ready-framed pictures, easels, al
bums, lamps and onyx tables. Sanborn
Vail & Co. • '
■■■• ' ■■■ ■-■"::".■ ADVEBTISEMENTS. W^^
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••A* •••••••••••••••••••••<
• '^^Sm^'^^^^^^^^^'^^^^^' ■ 8 fIH^SB^HI^BfIBn^nSfa&StMH^B^^BHH^B&H^HOI I
\ MERIT IN VALUE, • Bflw^BMii3wßflnlaaWL»J 3 ** S^jJtSHJ^il^'^fV^ I
merit in SERVICE,? lV^T9nl7vlT%T ai 'T9^f*r*r9l'i?^^SßrS^^^
.this is our jam., m'J m fc I*l i»l■! 1 m ■■ »i il^fal ■ yMH^^PP^ 8
■Vein stock, 1 (^■aUy^l^^jJfjWTAirilJ
lubin 1 Oil I/O
Monday is known as "Silk Day," and some of
l j« ' i t a lai 11 i 1 1 the most successful sales held in the city have
Ladies' Tan COVert Cloth Jackets, take" Place ritfht he*. The secret of success is
as nn a C 7 srk quickly told. The qualities, designs and colorings
&S.UU and &7.0 U. are high grade. The prices are low grade. An
Recent express shipments of the above odd combination, but it seems to please the mass
two popular Jackets have made our assort- of buyers,
rrient of sizes complete. It is acknowledged
that these garments are the best in the city | A-FIQIT' *\\ 111 A \\t\c\r
at $5 00 L »7.50. * 1 o-uay 01 iv 0 uock.
/"•nnnr-n i , nr .m i* 1 * it i *7Ck C Black Indestructible Taffeta Silk. The kind that wears
lUKUfcil LATTINj, XL I=ZC Yard. ' SSF and does not crack or break. Rich luster. Just 100
. . r i • yards on hand.
An extensive assortment of White fspsc 15 pieces Fancy Plaids, checks and stripes. Pretty
grounds in fancy sprig and floral effects. All combinations and colorings.
the latest colorings. Handsome for seashore 75 C 12 P ieces Fane Checked Silks, with ribbon effects. Also
, 0 , M** two-toned stripes and plaids.
Or Country. . f^T^ c Handsome Ombre Stripes in helio, purple, cyrano, tur-
■ a rkii/-»rrf »cr quoise, navy, green and fuchsia, 24 inches wide.
LA PUCfcLLn — Worth $1.25.
The Best Dollar Glove. fi m 7 C Handsome Three-toned Plaids in high colorings. Helio.
: ' royal, caotor, sapphire, purple, cyrano and electric,
1-^ j our Ribbon announcement in the Worth $1.25.
|-^^^Cl#| "Chronicle," our announcement of QQC Corded effects in helio. turquoise, bluet, green and cas-
*^^^^*^* . Children's Capes in the "Examiner." SSr^J tor in combination with white. A high-grade silk.
Weinstock, Lubin & Co.
Auction ! JL
THURSDAY,
May 25, 1899,
At 12 O'Clock Noon,
At Salesroom, 10 Mont-
gomery Street.
Glen Park Terrace,
The Gem Subdivision of the Mission.
RC Superb
1 1| Building Lots !
FOR BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE PURPOSES.
At the Main Entrance to Glen Park and at the Terminus of the
Glen Park Branch of the San Mateo Electric Road.
The attention of homeseekers, specula
tors and investors is directed to this sale.
It is the only offering of unimproved
property having a great prospective value
that has taken place in years.
Every lot in Glen Park Terrace has a
fine sunny exposure and commands a
good view of this new and popular resort,
Glen Park.
It Is an admitted fact that all property
adjacent to public or private parks en
hances rapidly in value.
It is also conceded that no park has ever
attained such popularity within the same
time as Glen Park.
What Woodward's Gardens were to the
city years ago so is Glen Park to-day.
The attendance at Glen Park Dewey day
was 41.257. Events to take place there in
the near future will draw fully 100,000 peo
ple in a single day.
WhereVer such crowds go real estate
values must increase.
Glen Park Terrace commands the key
to the whole situation.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, Auctioneers, 10 Montgomery Street.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
THESE SUCCESSFUL" SPECIALISTS CURE
>jg~~-=^g3^'2g^ • Diseases of the Kld-
j^^^sg^L neys. Bladder, Spine,
l*g2S^^l=j^s<r!§flk Liver. Heart, Blood.
s£Sfi&? '"" ~"^& Pkln, etc. Also Pre-
BUb ■ mature Decay, Unnat-
.mSfiw W ural Issues, Wasting
JSBOU I Drains, Nervous IV-
{rjmfj sS^&ki i^!'i Witty, .Stricture. Varl-
llrt» -St&SWIPQm. cocele. Private Dls-
V«iy d<j~y' V^_i/' eases, Piles, Rupture.
v Qk &kl pay WHEN cured.
WfkSßfJfV- No rhargo for consul-
L™iy i /%llpßv«*M' tatlon. Tlomc cures
' Awit'.TT'-- M^F R specialty. Private
'wk vft«M'v?l/(\Ai'ft book, dlaKnoaia sheet
'/w\. >SSJuW/'« l *«?i. and advioe free by
/ /(M'V\ j^MjjfMkSini ma "- Letters confi -
7QI Market Street, { Elevator
fOl San Francisco, j Entrance
IM ri V I M LOST VIGOR.
tl' . . ■ AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotencv Night Emissions and wasting
UMkiPfi diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
I K» I indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood-builder.
\l JS§& Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re->
it KftZZJ stores the fire of youth. -By mail 600 per
fMk^^C box, 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
rtSiS^J|^,p, to cure or refund the money.
Ikrvlta medical Co., CHnton * 3«cl»wi it*., Chkaas.
i K. L. Baldwin & Co., CrufglaU, 8 Market, B. F. •
It adjoins Glen Park and fronts on the
electric road, being at the terminus of
the park branch and at the main entrance.
The Market-street Railway Company is
now constructing the Bosworth and Berk
shire streets road into Glen Parti, and the
terminus of this road will be within a few
hundred feet of the lots we offer at this
sale.
We are grading, sewering and macad
amizing all the streets in Glen Park Ter
race: therefore all lots will be in shape to
build upon.
Catalogues, containing diagram of prop
erty, are ready. Call or send for one.
The terms of sale are only *4 cash, bal
ance in 1, 2 and 3 years.
Title guaranteed by the California Title
Insurance and Trust Company.
Take San Mateo electric road and ride
to Glen Park. Valencia. Mission and Sut
ter street roads transfer to San Mateo
line.
Agent on ground to show property.
Note the date— May 25, 12 o'clock noon.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES JND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER,
Reserve Seats by Telephone, Stelner ISS.
ARIZONA BILL and ZONA BELLE,
Snake Charmers, in the ZOO
RIDE ON THE GALLOPING HORSES.
THURSDAY NIGHT—
Amateur Minstrels I
WITH LADY PARTICIPANTS.
VISIT LUNETTE~TND THE MAZE.
FAREWELL PIANOFORTE RECITAL
By MASTER IRWIN EVELETH
HASSELL.
Assisted by the PRESS CLUB QUARTET,
THURSDAY, MAY 25, 8 p. m..
At SHERMAN-CLAY HALL, 223 SUTTER ST.
Tickets (Including reserved seats) $1, for sale
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music Store, com-
mencing Saturday, May 20.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
EVERY NIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAY.
FIRST APPEARANCE OF THE
HERBERT
KBLCEY
EFFIE
SHANNON
COMPANY,
PRESENTING'
THE IMPRESSIVE AMERICAN PLAY,
'"MOTH4&FIAME
By Clyde Fitch, With
ALL THE ORIGINAL CAST,
Exactly as Enacted
125 NIGHTS at the N. Y. LYCEUM THEATER.
ALCAZAR
TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK.
MR. NAT. C. GOODWIN'S
Greatest Comedy-Drama Success,
IN MIZZOURA.
PRICES. . __ 15c, 25c, 35c, 51c.
MONDAY, MAY 29,
The Distinguished Actor,
MR. LEVA/IS MORRISON,
In an Elaborate Production of
"HAmLET."
SEATS NOW ON SALE. . "
THE SENSATION OF THE DAY,
MOUING TOON
MOUNG CHET,
THE BURMESE WONDERS. I
MONTGOMERY AND STONE,
Blackface Comedians
BILLY VAN, Famous Monologist.
THE DONOVANS, Irish Comedians.
AND 15 ALL-STAR ARTISTS.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seat!
and Onera Chairs, 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Green 861.
v. THIS EVENING.
Gorgeous Revival of Strauss' Delightful Opera,
THE
GYFSY
BARON
A Magnificent Cast, Including:
3— PRIM A DONNAS— 3
2— PRINCIPAL TENORS— 2
Reserved Seats, 25c and Be; Gallery, 15c.
Branch Box Office, Emporium Building, Jurt
Inside Main Entrance.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT First Production in This City of
De Koven and Smith's New Comic
Opera, In Three Acts,
The Mandarin.
SEE
. THE FEAST OF THE LANTERNS.
THE UMBRELLA DANCE.
THE NUPTIAL CEREMONY. :" M: .
The Most Successful Work of the Author and
Composer of "Robin Hood."
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Popular Prices.... .' , 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
DcHllW GREAT REALISTIC
WAR PANORAMA!
f|f Prof. W. G. ROLLINS.
v - r * the eminent orator.
■ m • i lectures half hourly.
|"|l|£| Market St.. nr. Eighth.
Admission 50c.
Bay! * Chlldren 25c -
SHERMAN, CLAY CO. 'SHALL,
223 Sutter st.
TWO CHAMBER CONCERTS
By the
KNEISEL QUARTET of Boston.
FRIDAY EVENING." May 26. at 8:15. and SAT-
URDAY AFTERNOON, May 27, at
3 o'clock.
PRICES .....$1 SO and Jl 00
Seats now on sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.' a.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 19:30 P. M.
".ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. sc.
Bathinc. including; admission, 25c; Children, 20a.
56
EVEN BREAK
IN TWO HOT
BALL GAMES
iVlorning Contest Goes ;
to Harris.
OAKLAND'S TURN IS LATER
BOTH SHOULD HAVE ENDED IN
A TIE.
Two of the Dudes Put on the Hospital !
List During the Afternoon. !
Santa Cruz Again in
Second Place.
San Francisco and Oakland broke even i
In the two games played ester day, the I
locals turing the morning exhibition
at Golden Gate after ten Inning of '■
nrrve-sliiUtfring baseball, and the Dudes
taking the afternoon contest, as pretty an
Illustration of the great American game
as could bo asked for.
The morning game was a battle royal, j
in which Dunleavy was the central figure. 1
First he was responsible for San Fran- i
cifros' runs in the second, whereby the '
Ecore was tied up. Then in the third, j
with one man on the paths, he lifted the ■
ball over left-field nee for two runs. '
After that he sank into comparative ob- |
llvion until the tenth inning, when an- i
other bungle on his part gave Hank's j
mi n their winning run.
Another feature was the explosion of
Dr. .: iskiman. The medico went in to j
pitch, but was batted out of the box in ;
the third inning. Captain Lange being j
compelled to substitute Shea. The young- I
Fter showed remarkable nerve, holding j
;ht> sluggers down to four hits. Twice he j
cut them off after the bases were filled i
up.
Fireman Fitz received about as lively a
cannonading as he had been subjected to i
this reason, but only In the second did
the Dudes bunch on him. In that inning :
Oakland found him for a quartet, |
which, with some errors, netted as many •
runs. Frisco came right back at Moskl
man and evened up the score, which was ;
untied again for a few minutes in the
third; Oakland making its last two tal- !
lie?. San Francisco again tied it up in j :
their half and bid fair to win the game •
right there, but Moskiman was relieved, i
Matters ran along in that condition until !
the ■ nth inning, and had it not been for j
Dunleavy's misplay the game would have i
ended in a knot, for there was not time to !
play another inning and fill their engage- j
ment on this side of the bay.
The afternoon game, while not as thrill- j
ing as that of a week ago, was more scien
tific by far. It was an ideal day for base
ball, the first really good day since the
opening of the season, which was testi
fied to by the presence of the largest
crowd that has passed through Recrea
tion Park gates this year.
Moekiman again went into the sty for
the Dudes, and notwithstanding his awful
treatment in the morning held the locals 1
down to five hits. Iberg was equally ef- ■
i live, and had a shade the better of the
argument in other respects, for he only j
gave one base on balls, to three for the j
doctor, and he struck out one opponent, j
while Moskiman did nothing in that line.
The game resulted in again placing
Ewings team in a bad way, for in the
fifth Hammond stopped a foul tip with
the end of his finger and lost a finger nail
by so doing. Dunleavy caught the string
out, Shea taking his place in left field. |
In the eighth inning Johnson stopped one
of Fitz's swift inshoots with his head.
He was knocked senseless for a time and '
was unable to finish the game. Hardie go- I
ing to first and Russell covering right !
pasture. That put two pitchers in the
outfield, but still Oakland managed to i
win.
It looked for a loner time like a shut-out |
for the locals. Oakland scored two in the i
third, when one was all it should have
had. Dunleavy sent one to Krug, who
fumbled, allowing him to reach first. A
balk under the new rules, being the first ■
time they have been enforced her. ad- j
vanced him to second, and he scored on
Hardie'a double to left. Muller made a
bad throw in and Lou kept on to third |
scoring on Mosklman'a single. That was !
the extent of Oakland's run-getting, and i
had it not been for Krug's error the score
would have been a tie at the end of the I
ninth. With the kind of ball both teams !
were playing there is no telling what the '<
outcome would have been.
Frisco's lone- tally came in the seventh.
"With one out Sullivan lifted out a double <
to right field fence and scored on Hilder- i
brandt's single. Next week Santa Cruz. !
which is now in second place, will come :
up here to fight it out with Hank's heavy
weights for first position. Call out the '
police!
The scores of both games are as fol
lows:
MORNING GAME.
OAKLAND.
AB. H. BH, SB. PO A E
Donovan, c. f 5 0 0 0 2 1 0
Srhnvor. s. s » 0 3 0 1 5 1 I
S Lange, 3 b 5000 23 II
Hamir.rjud, c 5 0 0 i 5 0 o'■
P«Tles. - 1 • 5. 0 0 0 7 4 1
Johnson. 1 h 4 2 10 8 0 0
Dunleavy, If 5 2 2 0 3 0 ■>
Hardie, r. f <12«200
Motklman, r- 1 1 10 0 l 0
Sh»a. p 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
Total*.: 43 <5 9 1 30 16 "5
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne, c. f ...5 0 i 0 5 0 0
Krug. s. s 5 0 10 12 2
Rlley. 3 b 5 i 2 1 0 2 0
Sullivan, lb 3 2 1 1 15 3 2
Hildehrandt, r. f 5 12 0 0 0 0
Muller. If 5 1 2 0 3 0 0 i
O'Neill. 2 b 3 0 10 16 1 ,
Swindells, c 4 1 0 0 2 0 I 1
Fitzpatrick, p 4 0 1 0 3 3 0
Total 39 7 1! 2 30 15 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 4 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— i
Base hits 0 41111010 o—o
San Francisco 0 42000000 I—7
Base hits .1 3 3 100003 o—ll
SUMMARY.
Run* responsible I U kiman 3. Fitz
pntrlck 3. Hi me run— Dunleavy. Two-base !
hits— Johnson. Moskiman. First base on '
errors— Oakland S, San Francisco 2. First
base on called balls— Oakland 2. Ban Francisco
". Left on bases — Oakland 9, San Francisco
lfl. Struck out By Shea ... by Fitzpatrick 2. I
Double plays— Schmeer to Poeples to Johnson; i
Peoples to Johnson: Lange to Peeples to John- '
eon. Passed balls— Swindells 2. Time of game
—2 hours. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer— H
S. McFarlin.
AFTERNOON GAME.
SAM FRANCISCO.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
P>-ne, c. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Krug, p. s 4 0 0 0 5 3 i
Rlley. 3 b 4 0 10 13 0
Sullivan, 1 h 2 1 1 0 13 1 0
Hllderbrandt, r. t... 4 /> 1 0 2 0 0 I
Muller, 1. t 4 0 0 0 111
O'Nel), 2 b 3 0 0 0 2.2 0
Swindells, c 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
[berg, P 3 0 2 2 0 5 0
Totals 30 l 5 2 24 18 • 2
OAKLAND.
AH, R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Donovan, c. f 3 0 .0 0 2 0 0
Schmeer. s. s 4 0 0 0 2 30
I-flnge, 31) 3 0 0 0 1 3 ;«o
Hammond, c 2 0 10 2 10
Pceples, : ' b ....3 0 0 0 1 4 0
Johnson, lb 2 0 0 0 12 1 0
Dunleavy. I. f. &C 3 1 0 0 0 0- 0 1
Hardie. r. f, & 1 b... 2 1 2 0 1 0 0 !
Moskiman, p 3 0 2 0 0 2 0 '
Shea* 1. f 1 0 0 0 3 0 i
Russell, r. f 0 0 0 0 2 0 0
Totals ....26 2 5 0 *26 14 "1 !
•Kruß out for interfering with batted ball
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 1
Base hits 1 0 10 0 0 2 1 o—s
Oakland 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 •—
Base hits 0 0212000 •— 5
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— lberg, Hardie, .Sullivan. Sacri
fice hit— Donovan. First base on errors— San
Francisco, 0; Oakland, 1. First base on called
balls— Francisco, 3; Oakland, 1. Left on
San Francisco, 5; Oakland. 3. Struck
out— By Iber*. 1. Hit by pitcher— Johnson.
Double play— Moskiman to Johnson to Lange.
1 ball— Dunleavy. Balk— Tberg. Time ol
1:46, Umpire— Levy. Official scorei —
Stapleton.
Santa Cruz Wins Aerain.
SANTA CRUZ. May Santa Cruz and
San Jose played gilt-edged ball this after
noon In the presence of a large crowd.
Santa Cruz pulled a victory out of seem
ing defeat by heavy slugging. At the
end of the .second' inning the score was 5
to 1 in favor of San Jose. The Garden City
team made four. runs through wild throws
to First Baseman Clark. Andrews pitched
.i steady game until Santa Cruz landed
on him in the sixth inning, when the
score was tied. In the following inning
San Jose made one. In the eighth Balsz
started the ball rolling by making a home
run, and bringing in a man. Donlin fol
lowed by hitting the ball over the fence,
bringing another man home.
In the first inning Santa Cruz substi
tuted Pace in center field for Cameron.
The substitution caused the tide to turn
in favor of the home team, for Pace
batted heavily. He threw the ball from
center to home, putting out a man at the
plate. Umpire Cahill again gave the ut
most satisfaction. Score:
SANTA CRUZ.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams. 2 b 4 12 0 12 0
l>onl!n. 1. f 4 2 3 110 1
Deveraux. 3 b 3 0 10 0 3 1
Strirb. c 5 0 1 0 10 10
Clark. 1 b 5 1 1 0 11 0 0
Cameron, c. I 10 0 0 0 0 0
Klelber, s. s 4 110 3 2 1
Burce, r. f 3 110 0 0 0
Balsz. p ..... 4 110 0.71
Pace, c. t 4 110 110
Totals 37 8 12 1 27 16 4
SAN JOSE.
AH. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
McOueken, c. t 4 2 2 0 3 10
O'Dea. a. a 4 110 2 3 0
Anderson. 2 b 5 1114 2 2
Pnhrmple. 1. f 5 0 l 0 1 ,0 0
Hanlon. ! b I 0 1 0 7 0 1
Foley. r. i 4 110 10 0
Fessel. 3 b 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Andrews, p 4 0 1 0.02 1
Kent, c 3 1 1 j> J _0 «_
.Totals 38 6 9 1 24 S 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 1 0 110 2 0 3 «-8
Hasp hits 0 0 2 114 0 •—
San Jose 1 40000100—6
Base hits 13 0001310—9
• SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Santa Cruz 1, San Jose 1.
Three-base hits— Burge. Balsz. Two-base hits—
r>..niin 2 Strleb, McGucken, Andrews. Sacri
fice hits— O'Pea. Fessel. First base on errors-
Santa Cruz 2. Ban Jose 4. First has.c on called
balls— OS Balsz 3, oft Andrews 1. Left on bases
-Santa Cruz 10, San J,.se 6. Struck out— By
Balsz 7. by Andrews 8. Hit by pitcher— Donlin,
Dovereaux. Hiir^-. ODea. Double play— Pace
to Strieb. Passed balls— 2. Kent 2.
Wild pitch— Andrews. Time or game— Two
hoars. Umpire— Patsy Cahill. Official scorer—
H Fleislc.
Sacramento Bests Watsonville.
SACRAMENTO, May 21.— Sacramento
turned the tables on Watsonville to-day.
winning the best-contested game of the
season by a score of 3 to 1. Doyle,, for
the locals, pitched a wonderful game, be
ing touched for but three hits— all singles.
Whalen, for the visitors, also pitched
winning bail, losing the game In the sev
enth by making two wild pitches. Both
fields were of the stone wall variety, each
side picking up two errors, all excusable.
Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
lz 2 b - 0 0 " 10 0
Harvey, r. f. &c. t.. 5 13 0 0 0 0
Whalen. 1 b 4 0 0 0 10 0 1
Doyle, p ■» " - 0 2 6 0
Ealan. t s 4 0 0 0 2 10
Stanley, c 3 12 0 6 - 0
Mclaughlin.' 3 b 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
Shanahan. 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Sheohnn. 2 b. & c. f. 40061J1
Dennie, r. £ 0 l 0 0 J) 0 0
Totals 33 3 8 0 27 11 2
WATSONVILLE.
AH R. BH. SB. PC). A. E.
Brockoff. 3 b 4 0 0 0 0 10
McCarthy, s. s 4 0 2 10 3 0
Courtney, c. t 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Win" 1 b 4 0 0 0 10 0 ' 1
Plake, 2 b 3 o^oß3l
Morrow c 2 0 0 0 6 10
Hayes. 1. f 3 0 0 0 0 11
Rice. r f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
■Whalen, p 3 1 1 J. J» J Jj
Totals 32 1 3 2 27 12 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 12 0 0-3
Base hits 1 110 2 11 1-0-S
Watßonvllle ....'. <) 0 1 0 0 0 0 0. o—l
Base hits 1 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 o—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whalen, 2. Sacrifice
hits— Shanahan, Stanley, • McLaughlln. First
base on errors — Sacramento. 2: Watsonville, 1.
First base on called balls— Off Doyle, 1: oft
Whalen, 4. Left on bases— Sacramento, 7; Wat
sonville, 2. Struck out— By Doyle, 5; by Whalen,
3 Double play— Plake to Selna. Passed ball-
Morrow. Wild pitch— Whalen. Time of game—
1:11. Umpire— O'Connell.
THOUSANDS AT THE PARK.
Ordinance Prohibiting Pedestrians
on Cycle Path to Be Tested.
Thousands of citizens en.ioyed the day
at the park and beach yesterday and
many more thousands found fun and di
version at the Chutes and Rutro Baths.
.\> the park the biggest crowd of weeki
assembled and patronized the concert.
GRAND LODGE OF ELKS
TO MEET IN ST. LOUIS
H, S. Manning, Exalted Ruler of San Francisco Lodge, Will
Represent It in the Grand Body.
SAN FRANCISCO LODGE NO. 3.
Benevolent and Protective Order
of Elks, has chosen H. S. Man
ning, its exalted ruler, . to repre
sent it in the session of the Grand
Lodge to be held in St. Louis, Mo.,
luring the month of June. In his
travels to that city he will be accom
panied by Colonel J. Howell and J. O.
Reis, past exalted rulers, and they will
llso attend the session not as repre
sentatives of the. lodge but as repre
sentative Elks from San Francisco,
rhe symbol of the order is B. P. O. E.,
which has been interpreted to mean
'Best People On Earth." The men
who have adopted the name of the no
ble antlered animal will be in session'
n that city for/ five days, and the local
lodge is at w<*rk to give the visitors
from sister lodges a welcome such as
inly Elks know how to give.
This order, which has a well known
favorable reputation, in the United
*JB«J9 *.♦? .». fa -*■ n*. *£ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 22. 1899.
HER VISIT RECALLS
A RECENT ROMANCE
.Mrs. J. F. Dwyep, Formerly .Mac Webber.
MIPS MAE WEBBER that wap. Mrs. J. F. Dwjer that Is, the hanflpnmo
young Ban Francisco urirl whose romantic marriage to the wealthy
young turfman in Milwaukee last February, after a brief courtship in this
city, is still fresh in the minds of newspaper readers, has been spending a
few days visiting hc-r mothfr. and yesterday departed (or the East accom
panied by her younger sister. Mrs. Dwyer arrived In San Francisco last Monday
and after dazzlinp her friends with tiii- beauty of her gowns and the brilliancy
of her uiamonds. suddenly announced that she must hurry bac- tn New York to
meet her husband, who is >n r.uite to tiiis country from England, and off she
went. Bfforc her departure, however, Mrs. Dwyer confided to several of her in
timate friends that she was supremely happy and had never experienced an
hour's regret for her action in marrying a man she scarcely knew. Sh<- also took
occasion w refute the reports of Dwyer losing fabulous sums on English race
tracks.
"I came clt\ir across the continent for the solo purpose of seeing my moth
er,"' said she just before stir left for New York, "and now I am going back to re
join my husband, taking my sister with me. Yon must not believe all you hear
about Mr. Dwyer . .-.ne- so much money on horses in England. He has not lost
enough to cripple him." and she smiled at the absurdity of thr> idea.
The drive was largo, the finest rigs in the
city being out for the pedestrians to envy.
' while cyclists by the score whirled to and
from I he beach.
Eariy In the afternoon a young
man who gave the Dame of Alfred
1... Norman concluded to take a stroll
'along the cycle path. An officer Informed
' him that the path was for the exclusive
us.- of cyclists, bui Norman Insisted that
: as the park was a public place be had a
right to w;Uk wh< re he pleased. The of
-1 ficer argued with him for a short time,
' and then Norman .bombarded the blue
coat with all the choice language at his
command. For this offensi Norman was
taken into custody, but Captain Thomp
son decided not to charge him with using
vulgar language, but instead to make- a
test case of his regarding the validity of
< the park ordinance prohibiting pedestri
ans from using the cycle path. In conse
quence Norman must appear and stand
trifi) for this offenfle,
Emll Markeberg, the sensational bal
loonist, rrail'- another ascension at the
j Chutes in the afternoon. His balloon rose
: about half a milo and the daring aero
i n:uit cut loose his parachute, descending '
without accident. The new galloping !
horses have now been completi d, and yes
terday were the star attraction, while the
! snake charmers and vaudeville theater i
! were well patronized.
At Butro Bnths the usual crowd of !
swimming enthusiasts gathered to wit- I
■ ness the aquatic programme. The races
were all exciting, especially at the finish.
The results follow:
Fifty-yard dash for novices— H. McKen-
States, had in IRS6 a membership of
■>500, and now it has the names of near
ly 60.000 individuals on its rolls. These
are distributed in lodges all over the
L'nion, but there can be under the con
stitution but one lodge in a city and
that city must have not less than 5000
Inhabitants. ■ ■
From the time that the Grand Lodge
was organized in New York City in
zie rirst, B. Barry second. Fifty-yard
dash for juveniles -<;. Walsh lirst, E.
Bonnifleld second. High diving— Won by
vy. Hurley, C. Jones second. Fifty-yard
tub race- F. Baker first. M. Gardner sec
ond, < '. C. Augustus third. Fancy spring
board diving-Won by G. Wallace, E. Bon
nifleld second. Trapeze and high diving—
Won bj Otto Bchulte.
TARGET SHOOTING.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club at
Shell Mound.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
its regular shoot yesterday at Shell
Mound. The day was very favorable and
tome good scores resulted, as follows:
Rifle, 200 yards, class medals: Experts— F
O. Young 72. A. H. Pap.' 71
Sharpshooters— M. J. White 129. G. M Barley
82, i v M Da
Marksmen— Dr. J. F. Twist 188, Mrs. M 3
White 117. .1. P. Cosgrave 186. G. Mannel 99,
Mrs. G. Mannel 164.
Glindemann all-comers' rifle medal. 200 yards
— F. O. Young. 56, 58, 59. 66; R. Stettin. SO, M
, 109, 145: F. Hapsmann, 155; G. Mannel. 135- J.
H. Seyden. IS7.
Pistol at 50 yards, Columbia target:
Expert class— A. H. Pap« 48, 11. J. White 4S.
G. M. Barley 50. C. M. Daiss 52, F. O. Youi»? 65.
Sharpshooter class— J. P. Cosgrave 60. Mrs
: M. J. White TV
Marksmen class— Dr. J. F. Twist 90. Q Man
; nol 114, Mrs. G. Mannel 118.
Siebe. all-comers pistol medal— C. M. Dalss
4 1 -. 45; F. O. Young, 53; J. P. CoeKrave. 59, 66;
A. H. Pape, 61.
1871 until 1886 the sessions were held in
that city, but in !hat year there came
a desire on the part of the Elks to
roam, and by vote it was decided to
change the. meeting place. Since then
the Grand Lodge has met in Cincin
nati, Detroit, Pittsburp. Cleveland,
Louisville. Buffalo, Atlantic City,
Minneapolis. New Orleans, and this
year St. Louis— mpetinp three times in
Cincinnati and twice in Detroit.
The membership is composed of men
who stand highest in the several pro
fessions and businesses in which they
are engaged, and on the rolls can be
found the names of many of the most
prominent people of the Union, in
cluding statesmen, Government and
State officials and professional men.
San Francisco Lodge had for its first
exalted ruler the late Thomas W.
Krone, who subsequently transferred
his membership to St. Louis Lodge and
was a member of it when he died.
LOTTIE M PUTS
OUT PETRONIUS
IN THE FINAL
Tame Coursing at the
Union Park.
BOHE WINS THE PUPPY STAKE
JUDGE'S DECISIONS CAUSE A
WAVE OF DISSATISFACTION.
Lawrence, Who Is Rated as a Stake
Winner, Cleverly Defeated by
Lowlanuer at Heavy
Odds.
Lottie M took the big money in the
open stake at Union Coursing Park yes
terday. She defeated Lowlander, who had
battled with heavy odds, through six
rounds of the stake and won her honors
easily. The pools sold in favor of Lottie
M at about two to one, but considerable
money was played on the other dog, it
having surprised the talent by putting out
several good hounds, Lawrence, Cande
laria, Luxor. Tod Sloan and Petronius,
several of which were in the favorite
class.
Had it not been for a wild slip the
course would have been short and wiih
out incident, but Lowlander had the ad
vantage of many yards start in the lead
up, and started a game which lasted for
a couple of minutes. When Lowlander
reached the hare, however, the bitch was
beside him and did nearly all the work
in a long: and grueling course.
There was little of an exciting nature in
the day's sport, except, perhaps, the in
dignation aroused at some of the decisions
given by Judge Bull. One in particular,
on the course between Victor Qut-cn and
Mercy May, was rewarded by bootfl of
derision from the spectators, and was
pronounced as an insult to the intelligence
of experienced leashmen.
Short-enders were in evidence, and bet
ting was good. As a rule- the courses
were short, but some of them interesting.
The crowd was large and much Interest
was manifested in the sport throughout
the day.
■ Open stake, second round— Mystic Maid beat
Las Palmas; Scout beat Mayflower: Battleship
V—at Mountain Beauty; Luxor beat Maid <>f the
Hill; Tod Sloan beat Mission Tip; Lowlander
boat Petronius; Oandeiaria beat Kinin Pasha;
Black Lock beat May Queen; St. Michael beat
Master Gordon; Lawrence beat Royal Oak; Me-
Kinley beat Pit of Fashion; Commodore Nash
beat Falf=» Flatterer; Myrtle beat Magic; Syl
vanus beat Old Glory; Victor Queen beat Pa
tria; Royal Buck run a bye; Royal Prize beat
Statesman; Waokette beat Rusty Gold; Pre
tender beat Miss Grizzle; Mercy May beat
Snapshot; Lottie M beat Metallic; Pweet Lips
beat Wag:; Twin City Girl beat Crosspatch;
Golden Russet beat Rock Island Boy.
Third round— Scout beat Mystic Maid: Luxor
beat Battleship; Lowlander beat Tod Sloan:
Candelaria beat Black I>x:k: Lawrence beat St.
Michael; McKinley beat Commodore Nash;
SylvaßUß beat Myrtle; Victor Queen beat Royal
Buck; Blarkette ran a bye; Mercy May beat
Pretender; Lottie M beat Sweet Lips; Twin
City Girl beat Golden Russet.
Fourth round-Luxor beat- Scout, Lowlander
bent Candelaria; Lawrence beat McKinley;
Blackette beat Sylvanus: Mercy May beat Vic
tor Queen; Lottie M beat Twin I'ity Girl.
Fifth round T/owlander beat Luxor; Law
rence beat niackctte: Little M beat Mercy May.
Sixth round— Lowl&nder beat Lawrence; Lot
tie M ran a bye.
Final- Ivottie M beat Lowlander.
Puppy stake, fourth round-Lady Claire beat
Silent treasure; Tiohe heat Mamie Pleasant.
Fifth round— Lady Claire beat Mamie Pleas
ant; Bone ran a bye.
Final— Bone beat Lady Claire.
With the Handball Players.
Standing room was not to be had at
Phil Ryan's handball court, 858 Howard
street, yesterday afternoon. There was
a full list of entries, which admits of only
nine double-handed games.
The principal bout of the day was that
between the cyclone players, M. J. Kilgal
lon and R. Linehan as against J. C. Nea
lon and Professor J. Riordan. Nealon and
Rlordan are two of the best all-round
players in the city, yet when pitted
against cycloners they are not in it. .
The results of yesterday's games are:
I! Clemcnt3 and J. Collins defeated W. Has
ten and M. Mngulre. Score: 21-14 11-21, 21-18.
J Collins and B. Clements defeated W. Has
sell and J. Howling. Peore: 21-19, 12-21. 21-13.
1 ' Rodger* and M. McDonald defeated G.
McDonald and M. McNeil. Score: 21-10, 15-21.
21-17.
P. Herrin and M. J. Stokes defeated J. Casey
and P. Foley. Score: 21-9, 13-21. 21-16.
P. Ryan and \V. H. Sieberst defeated M.
Fasch and A. Hall. Score: .21-18. 15-21, 21-12.
G. Smith and'J. Condon defeated A McVicker
and T. Lydon. Score: 21-10, 16-21, 81-20.
R. Housman and A. Hall defeated T. Foley
and J. Klrby. Score: 21-9, 11-21. 21-16.
M. J. Kilgallnn and R. Linehan defeated J.
C. Nealon and J. Kiordan. Score: 21-16 18-21
21-14.
K. Curley and M. Mapulre defeated M. Mc-
Clure and E. Toy. Srorr: 21-2". 17-21, 21-15.
Coursing at Los Angeles.
I. OR ANGELES, May 21.— There was a
double stake at Agricultural Park to-day
— an eight-dog champion and a thirty-two
dog special. In the first named Orph.um
La&s took first money, with Nashville
second. In the second Dick L was first,
with Stella B second and Uncle Sam
third.
It was a great day for the short-enders
and the talent was heavily bumped, sev
eral 5 to 1 shots winning. Tho surprise of
the day was the defeat of Merry Maiden
by Orpheum Laps on thoir first course..
There was a fair crowd in attendance,
and the sport as a whole was good.
CALIFORNIA CLUB EXHIBITION.
An Interesting Programme Has Been
Arranged for This Afternoon
and Evening.
The exhibition of arts and crafts of the.
California Club, which was opened so
auspiciously in the art gallery of the Me
chanics' Pavilion Saturday, attracted a
large number of ladies and gentlemen
yesterday, who express! their pleasure
at the excellence and variety of the ex
hibits.
It has been arranged that the head of
each of the committees will have a day
set apart for receiving visitors and look
ing after the exhibition generally. To-day
Mrs. W. H. Mills, head of the committee
on architectural and illustrative draw
ings, will have charge, ana an interesting
programme has been arranged for the oc
casion. In the afternoon Miss Etta
O'Brien will render a contralto solo, ac
companied by Miss Julia Heffernan, and
Miss Van Pelt will give a piano solo. In
the evening Mrs. Marriner-Campbell has
arranged to provide solos by Mr. W. J.
Batchelder, Mrs. M. C. Olcese. Miss Isabel
Kerr and Miss Marie Patridge accom
panied by Mrs. W. J. Batchelder. 1 .ie
band of the Hebrew Orphan Asylum will
also be in attendance.
A MYSTERIOUS CIRCULAR.
Calls a Meeting Which Nobody Knows
Anything About.
A circular has been seni through the
mails to a number of prominent citizens
in the city to attend a mass meeting to
night at Metropolitan Temple. The cir
cular states that the "meeting is called
by a committee of fifty property owner?
for the purpose of ascertaining- the cause
of the financial degenerncy of our city and
if possible to determine some means by
which to prevent a further loss to the
property owners."
The following speakers are billed to ap
pear: Irving M. Scott, Hon. (Jeorge C.
Perkins and W. H. L. Barnes. None of
these gentlemen knew anything about the
meeting when asked about it last evening.
They had not been annroachfd on the
suuject and stated that they would not
be present.
The Knickerbocker Quartot If also billed
to appear and Mr. Larson, on© of the
singers says that it was engaged by a
Mr. Hender; n , who also engaged the
hall Mr j-enderson could not be lo
cated last night and further information
"•The fact that some five hundred printed
names of prominent men are on the cir
cular and that they know nothing ol the
meeting except that they received a cir
cular through th^. mails, and the further
fact that the speakers scheduled to ap
pear have not been apprised of the rr.eet
ing throws an air of mystery around it
which will probably be unraveled to
night at Metropolitan Temple.
GAGE IS NOT SEEKING
ADVICE ON THIS POINT
APPARENT THE GOVERNOR HAS
OVERREACHED HIMSELF.
Not Likely to Fill the Vacancies He
Had Caused by Deposing Some
of Budd's Appointees.
Attorney-General Tirey I>. Ford yester
day denied the accuracy of the dispatch
from Sacramento stating that he had j
given an opinion to Governor Gage to the J
effect that certain appointments .made
sfnee the adjournment of the Legislature
were illegal. The dispatch referred to j
those appointments made by Ex-Governor ;
Budd and withdrawn by the present ex
ecutive during the recent session of the j
Legislature. It was held that the Legis- ;
lature being in session under the consti- \
tution the new appointments should have
been made at the time. Governor Gage,
however, failed to do so, but has since
made appointments to several of the po
sitions.
The Attorney-General said the question
of legality had never been discussed by j
the Governor and himself and conse- [
quently he had given no opinion on the
matter. In the case of General Dickinson,
he said he had -given an opinion that
Build's appointees held office until their j
successors were appointed, but that was i
as far as it went.
When asked squarely about the conten
tion of the dispatch that Gage's appoint
ments were illegal, Attorney-General Ford
refused to express an opinion, saying it
would be discourteous to the Governor to I
do so. .;
Governor Gage would neither affirm nor
deny in positive terms the receipt of any
advisory letter from Attorney-General !
Ford. "I made the appointments, didn't i
I?" he said; "so why should I receive a
written opinion from General Ford in
forming me of their illegality? It is ob
vious that I would not ask advice on
something that has received full consum-
mation."
It looks as though the Governor does
not want an opinion on the question. The ,
law is plain on the subject, and it is evi
dent Governor Gage has defeated his own ,
scheme of deposing. Budd's appointees by
failing to name their • successors until
after the adjournment of the Legislature.
» ♦ ■
MAY FESTIVAL OF THE
SCHUETZEN VEREIN
A BIG CROWD Ai SHELL MOUND
PARK.
Target Shooting for Prizes — To-Day
the Eagle Shoot Will Wind Up
the festivities.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein
held its annual May festival and grand
prize shooting at Shell Mound Park yes
terday, and the affair was a big success
from every point of view.
The uniformed company to the unmber
of 115, under Captain Thode, marched
from the headquarters preceded by a
brpps band and took the 9:30 boat for the
park. Nearly a thousand people accom
panied them. Dancing, bowling and tar
get shooting were the principal amuse
ments of the day.
The distribution of prizes won in the
various amusements will take place at
California Hall. 620 Bush street, on !
Wednesday, May 31, 1899.
The festival will be concluded to-day !
at Shell Mound, and the feature of the
day will be the eagle shoot, for which a '
diamond medal will be awarded to the i
marksman shooting down the last piece ,'
of a huge wooden bird. He will also re
ceive a cash prize of $100 and be crowned
"Schuetzen Koenig" for the year.
Following are the scores for company
prizes on the three-ring target:
SV. r.linderman 68, O. Burmeister 66. L. Ben
del 63. K. Wertbelmer 62, F. P. Schußter 02. R.
Stettin 62, J. I'tschig 62, A. Tape 61, D. B.
Faktor 60. H. Burfeind 6", E. Stehn 60, C.
Mangels 60, F. Krue; 59, R. Finking ."• I
Haake 59, A. Bertlesen 58, F. Rathjen SS, F.
Pape 58, N. Ahrens 57, C. Thierhaeh 57. Philo
Jac iby 56, J. tiefkpn 56, F. Allongf-r 55, A.
Jungblut 55. (5. Bahrs SS, J. tie Witt 66, W.
QarmE 64, P. Grantz .",4, H. Helhpr .Vt. .1. Waller
54, F. Henzel 54. F. Unkendey ."4, F. Brandt 54,
J. WepkP 53. O. I^mcke 53, F. Rust 53, J. D.
Heise 52, G. Alpers 52, J. Thode 52. J. Peters 51,
A, tfrannlg 51. D. Salfield 51. \V. Ehrenpfurt 50,
H. Stelling 60, J. Br.lts 49. J. Seyden 4S, R.
Gnptze 48. R. Remmelsb'erger 4S, J. Hurstman
4«. J. Mangel 4^. A. Ott 47. r;. fVhulz. 47. J.
Haitman 4»5. J. I>ankenau 4t">, A. Hagpdorn 46i j
K. Rnikfns 45, H. Roster 45. F. Haeemann 41. ;
John Tleden-.ann 44. O. Rclne 43. A. l^anp 41, W. j
Marken 41. H. Meyer 4'i, F. Koch 39, I
H. Prien 3 s :. F. Hills 36, H. Thnde 3*i, J. Bout- |
tier 34, H. Hubbert 3", R. Dunker 30. L. Barn^r
29, G. Scyden 28, J. Mangels 27. S. Heino 22. C.
Wiese 21.
In the bullseye shoot the first bullseye
in the morning wa.- made by D. B. Faktor,
and the last by E. Goetze.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
ON THE CRICKET FIELD.
Californias Defeat the Alameda
Champions by a Fair Margin.
The California? met the Alamedas yes
terday and beat thfm with & r > runs to
spare. California won the toss and sent
last years champions to the wickets.
None of the Alameda batsmen made any
stand against the howling of Cookson,
Sloman and Dickenson, the only ones who
Bcored double figures being J. J. R. Peel
11 and B. Bird 11. Cnnkson took three
wickets for 3S, Dickenson two for 15. and
Sloman five for 11.
When the Californias went to the bat
E. G. Sloman and A. Dickenson poi well
set, and 17 runs were scored hefore they
were separated, A. Dickenson scored 30
runs. K. <4. Sloman 88. and A. D. Rey
nolds 29. The innings closed for 109 runs.
and thus ended in a victory for the Cali
fornias by 36 runs. No fewer than six
Alameda bowlers were put on, of whom
the most successful was Bert Bird, who
took four wickets for nine runs.
A Call for Designs.
The following call for designs for med
als for California volunteers has been is
sued:
The committee on designs for medals and cer
tificates to be presented to all soldiers and
sailors who volunteered in the State of Cali
fornia for the late war with Spain hereby calls
for designs tor said medals and certificates to
be submitted to said committee on or before
the 3d day of June, 1S!»9, at the office of the
chairman, W. D. Shea, 28 Montgomery street,
San Francisco.
The entire matter of general design for m<*»tali
and certificates is left to the artist i. t-i
the designer, the only desire of the committ*"'
being that they contain something that will
typify that they are Rifts from the sitate of
California to the valiant soldiers and sailors
who volunteered in the nation's cause.
.The committee hereby offen two prizes of
one hundred dollars (Jl'Xt) each. One prize for
the most artistic and appropriate design for a
medal, and one prize for the most artistic and
appropriate design for a certificate, to be pre
sented to each soldier and tailor emit ltd
thereto. W. D SHEA.
LOUIS F. BYINGTON,
E. J. TAAFFE.
Committee.
Kragness Lowers a Road Record.
Eddie Kxagneas, the crack Olympic r"ad
rider, lowered the record between Oakland
and San Jose yesterday. He reduced the
former record of two hours and five min
ute* fifteen minutes. He was aided In his
task by Messrs. Henderson and Jackson,
and Stanley and Smith, the leading tan
(l. m teams of thp flying "O." The former
paced Kragnetfa the first twenty
live miles, and did so well that they de
cided to continue through to San Jose,
and they succeeded in establishing a new
tandem record. Henderson and Jackson
reached the Garden City three minutes
behind their speedy elubmates. Kragness
is looked upon as being one of the best
road riders in the State.
ALL THE GOLD
WILL FLOW TO
SAN FRANCISCO
Seattle Bullion Turns
This Way.
VICTORY ENDS A LONG FIGHT
NORTHERN MILLIONS NO LONG
ER FOR PHILADELPHIA.
The Treasury Department Corrects a
Big Discrimination and Adds
Millions to San Fran
cisco's Receipts.
The great current of gold at the San
Francisco Mint has been Increased by
several million dollars yearly by the
action of the Treasury Department in
ordering the deposits at the new I'nited
States Assay Office ai Seattle to v>e
shipped to San Francisco hereafter In
stead of to Philadelphia, as has been done
since the establishment of that depository
of bullion a little ov sr a year ago.
This is the victorious result of a long
and hard fight In behalf of San Francisco
interests begun last fall by the California
delegation at the instance of Interests
here. When the office was opened th<?
Treasury Department directed the ship
ment of its bullion to the Philadelphia
Mint and it further directed that de
positors of bullion should be paid by
check on the Sub-Treasury at Chicago.
This latter feature was a clear and un
warranted discrimination against San
Francisco in favor of Seattle as was vigor
ously urged by members of the <"alifornia
delegation, especially Senator Perkins and
ressmen Loud and Maguire-. r.<v
ment by check on the Chicago Sub-
Treasury saved depositors and bankers
the banking exchange of $1.50 per ?l""0
v.-hen it was wish--! to transfer the gold
from the Pacific coasi to the East. De
positors hen- were paid by check on the
San Francisco Sub-Treasury. The Seattle
depository, equidistant with San Fran
cisco from the Bast, was thus given the
advantage of 51.50 per thousand with
which t<> divert deposits from San Fran
cisco. The total exchange advantage en
joyed by Seattle bankers amounted to
several thousand dollars on the $6,0
or so of bulli"!i deposited there. As
F. A. Wing and Seattle papers exploited
this advantage to lure depositors from the
north. It was thought by some of our
delegation that the whole arrangement
was the result in some measure of the
influence of Chicago banking and I
portation interests to which Secretary
Gage was naturally friendly.
The express rate "ii the gold was at that
time exactly the same f> Philadelphia and
to San Francisco, the Northern trans
continental express companies haying re
duced their rate to gel the busin<
was urged thai the Shu Francisco Mint
with its extensive coinage facilities was
the natural place t'> send Pacific coast
instead of to the Philadelphia
Mint, which has so much uncoined bul
lion piled in i;s vaults, and thai the Sub-
Treasury here was the natural place for
payment of depositors. The Government
i not do a bark ss In comr
petition with bankers. San Francisco
bankers send nearlj ■ of coined
gold Bast annually. It' rhe gold was
wanted East the bankers were the >mes to
send it there.
It took long negotiations and much
correspondence to win the day. Rut the
Director of th< Mini lately directed that
beginning with May depositors
should be paid by check on the San Fran
cisco Sub-Treasury, and thai the bullion
received should go to the San Frai
Mint. One element of the victory was a
reduction in the bullion express rate by
Wells. Fargo & Co.
The greatly increased output of the
Klondike this season will augment the
receipts of the Seattle Assaj Office, as
many shippers of gold will find that de
pository more •convenient. The new ar
rangement will not tend to the
deposits there materially. It will merely
concentrate' nil the Pacific Id at
San Francisco and add a number of mil
lions to the coinage here.
View books of California, photographs,
souvenir mailing cards, etc. Best assort
ment and best prices at Sanborn & Vail's,
711 Market street. : •
CHIEF OF THE WOODMEN.
Head Consul Falkenberg Will Ad-
dress a Monster Public Meeting
in the Mechanics' Pavilion.
F. A. Falkenberg, head Consul of the
Woodmen of the World, Pacific jurisdic
tion, a resident of Denver, Colo., will visit
this city during the latter part of the
week, and to Rive him a fitting reception
the membership of all the local camps
and those of Alameda County hav<- ar
ranged for a monster meeting' to be held
next Saturday night in the Mechanics'
Pavilion. The doors will be open to tho
■ ;il public and Lhere will be a pro
gramme of music and song and the dis
! tinguished visitor will deliver an ad
ion "Practical Fraternity." At in o'clock
there will be dancing, to l>e kept up uniil
shortly before midnight
The Woodmen of this city expect that
the meeting will be the largest ever called
■ together in this city by a fraternal or
gfiinzntion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEANY.
|JK RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND VITAL-
*" ity to weak men. Organs of the body
which have been weakened through disease,
overwork, "excesses or indiscretions are restored
to perfect health and strength through his- new
and original system of treatment. RUPTURE
cured by his new method, without knife, truss
or detention from work; a painless, sure and
permanent cure. VARICOCKLK, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands treated
with unfailins success. CONTAGIOUS BL»)OI>
POISOII in any of its stages thoroughly
eradicated from the system. LADIKSwiII re-
ceive special attention for all their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send you a
valuable book, "GuMe to Health." free of
rharge. Address F. L. SWKAXY, M. D.. 737
Market street. San Francisco. Cal.
Radwa/s
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful .regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At DruggUta,
or by mail. RAX) WAY & CO.. Mew YorlfcENTRIES FOR
"BUTCHERS' DAY"
RACES ARE MANY
Exciting Speed Trials
Anticipated.
CONTESTANTS IN TRAINING
A STEER EVENT THAT PROM-
ISES LIVELY RESULTS.
Well-Known Tradesmen Will Pilot
Crack Animals at the Mcct — Bet
ting on the Results Has
Commenced.
Never before have there been so many
-.ntries in the "Butchers' day" races as
' vhis year. Every event is "filled,'; and
the butchers and their friends have been
neglecting their chopping blocks to speed
their horses and push a few extra sec
onds out of their animals.
The greatest interest liters about the
race in which only butchers are to drive.
The men who are to climb Into their sul
kies on Wednesday are M. H. Schwartz, j
B. E. Combs, Mcl Schweitzer. Sam C.
Hammond, T. W. Combs and Arthur
Sllverberg. The betting on this race will
be ■ plastered all over the card, as the
bettors, while they may know the quali
fications of the horses, are not so sure
of the drivers.
The steer race will, as usual, be inter
esting because of its uncertainty. Some
times the steers run, sometimes they
walk and sometimes they stand still, or
even jump a fence and scamper across
the Held.
There are to bf two races not listed on
the programme. These will be mile !
dashes for professional "bangtails."
Thert- are to be nine entries in one race
and four in the other.
The entries in the regular "Butcher
First race— -One mile; trotting; free for all;
•'Butchers or no Butchers"; first heat, first
horse takes first rrize and goes off track; sec
ond heat, first horse takes second prize and
second lv>;se third prize; no distance flags.
11;-:=f^-*:0. $2o and $10.
Eiuries-0. Terrell's . Ilia .1. M. Hart's Her
ald. M. Schweitzer's Clara J. A. H. Brod's
Chris Peterson, Sam C. Hammond's Guy Ver
non.
Sec nd race— One mile; pacing: free for all;
first boat, first horse takes first prize and
leaves the track; second heat, first horse takes
second prizp and second horse third prize; no
distance flag.
Purses— sso. $2T> and $lf*.
Entries— H. Patrick's Catinka, E. Cerciat's D
P. J. Coon's unkett, Charles Durfie's Rowen
Third race— Free for all; running; one mile;
catch weights.
rurses-s3>"'. J2O and $10.
Entries— M. Donnelly's Broken Tail, F. Es
mond's Connect. E. A. Chappell's Plunder. E.
A. Chappell's Bill McOuskey. T. Tanforan'a
John Ryan, D. P. Llghtner's Road Runner. F.
M. Starkey's Jim Bozeman, W. W. Ftsher'a
T'r.a Colorado, Charles Holmes' Defender, A.
Murphy's Pea pray, C. W. Chappell's Brown
Prince. C. W. :happeU's Alvaro.
Fourth rac<= — (me mile; trotters and pacers;
only butchers to drive; no ownership of horse
required; same rules as first race.
Purses— lso, $25 and $10.
Entries— M. H. Schwartz's King- Cadenza, B.
E Comb's Anita. M. Schweitzer's Herald. -Sam
C. Harnmnnil'F Guy Vernon. T. W, Combs' ,
orilia J. Arthur Silverbergs Catinka.
Fifth race— Steer running-; pacing, trotting or |
walking race: one-fifth of a mile.
Purges— iV>, J25 and $15. „<-».,
EmrU*-J. Poly's steer Billy. M. Schwelts
fr'? heifer Orsine, U. M. Slaters steer Golden
Gate.
Sixth race— Butchers cart race; horses must |
have been used In the delivery of meat for
thirty days prior to the day of the race; horses j
used in buggies for collecting, etc.. not avail
able- drivprs to wear white aprons ana
gowns; horses to be hitched to light carts;
rule* tame as first race.
Purses— sso, $23 and $10.
Er.tries-Louis Burgeleln's Billy Bolass,
CharlM Fis-her's Sleepy Dick. J. Ansel's Frank,
M Coakley*a Minnie. Charles Word's Bisque,
George Reynolds' Maidie. F. Merrill's Bonnie.
I Tasste's Headlight, B. I. Fisher's Uncle Tip.
H Consani's Zip, H. Anderson c Mollie.
Seventh race— Vaqueros" running race; one
fourth of a mile; for vaqueros only; must use
Mexican saddles.
Ent r ries^Ray I Meads Poso John Barker's Blue
John Barker's Blue
Cloud. F. Kni<-rr's Short Jack, William Har
ney's Cricket, S. Smith's Shoot the chutes. I.
Thomas' Billy. T. Tauforan's John Ryan.
PARIS EXPOSITION
BOARD IS CHOSEN
GOVERNOR APPOINTS E. W. RUN-
YON OF RED BLUFF.
The Northern California Commis
sioner Is an Active Republican
and President of Tehama
County Bank.
Governor Gage has announced the ap
tmenl of E. W. Runyon of Red Bluff
. resent California
•ion. The commission,
consists of Ben C. Truman of
: W. Runyon of Red Bluff
W. w. Foote of Pan Francisco. The
■ lislson will organize without much
. and elect a secretary. There are
■ lidates for the position.
X W. Runyon I? president of the Bank
of Tehatna County ahd chairman of the
Republican County Central <'ommlttee of
Tenarna He married the daughter of
.1. P. Cone, formerly Sta;.- Railroad
nnlssioner. He is largely Identified
with •''•"• Interests <>f Northern California,
ted as a business man of fine at-
Mr. Runyon is a man of
b thi Cone estate is quite exten-
If the exigencies of the exposition
should compel the Commissioners to draw
■ lr Individual bank account? Mr.
4 Runyon would be able to respond without
■ nt.
Major Klmball of Red Bluff, who is at
the Palace Hotel, speaks highly of the ap
and of Mr. Runyon's business
al i tegrlty.
MORE TROOPS ARRIVE.
Company G of the Twenty-Fourth In
fantry Installed at Presidio.
Company G of the Twenty-fourth In
fantry arrived yesterday from Fort
f Douglass. Utah, and marched at once to
the Presidio, where quarters had been
tared for the soldiers. The company
ia commanded by Lieutenant H. R. Nel
son. Company C of the same regiment,
which is en route to this city frnm Fort
D. A. Russell, Ay. i., Is expected to arrive
in a frw days.
The "casualties" arc being reinforced
daily by fresh arrivals from the army re
cruiting stations in the East and South,
and with three solid hours of hard drill
ing lily are rapidly rounding into shape.
The transport Sherman will take a de
japhnient of thirty "casualties" to the
Philippines to fill vacancies in the
Eighteenth Infantry.
The scare over the smallpox case which ;
developed at the post hospital has about i
subsided. The patient Is Isolated and
there is no danger of a spread of the dis
ease. The hospital is still quarantined.
A report was circulated on the reser
vation Saturday that a recruit had been
found dead in the woods on the reserva
tion. The report developed from the fact
that a drunken soldier had been found
by a couple of privates while sleeping off
» hlB potations under the trees. They took
jk him to the hospital and ventured the i
opinion that he was dead. He was resur- •
rected without much difficulty, however,
and is now performing his usual duties.
Floral and plain crepe tissue paper,
fin-were and lamp shades cheap at San
born Sc. Vails . •
CHAMPION "BILLY," Who Will Run at the
Butchers' Picnic.
PENTECOST IS
OBSERVED WITH
DUE SOLEMNITY
Impressive Services
at the Churches.
FATHER RAMM'S SERMON
THE ARCHBISHOP ADMINISTERS
CONFIRMATION.
A Large Number of Girls and Boys
and Grown Persons Receive the
Sacrament — Services at
Other Churches.
The feast of Pent;cnst. one of the five
great Christian festivals of the year, was
celebrated throughout the world yester
day. It is commemorative of the de
of the Holy Spirit on the Apostles ten
days fifter the ascension of the Lord and
fifty days aft.r His n surrection.
Services of great solemnity were held
in the various Catholic churches of this
city yesterday in honor of the day. At
St. Mary's Cathedral there was solemn
high mass Coran Episcopo. Rev. Father
Prend^rgast , V. G., was the celebrant of
the mass. He was assisted by Rev.
Father Ramm as deacon. Rev. Father
Hanigan as sub-deacon, and the Rev.
Father Mulligan as master of ceremonies,
irchblshop, vested In full canonicals,
was in the sanctuary with the R>-v. Father
d'Ryan, late co-editor of the Monitor,
and the Rev. Father Dempsey as di
of honor.
R.-v. Father Ramm delivered the ser
mon. He took up and very briefly re
ferred to the coming down "f the Holy
Ghost into the church as an organized
body. He said that the Holy Spirit was
like" the soul of a man. "It gives unity
and life to these members," said the
speaker. "The spirit, however, dwells
r."t when in the church as a whole. lmt
entered into the individuals that con
stitute the church."
He pointed out that the Holy Spirit was
the uncreated life of God, binding the
Father and the Son in the blessi d
trinity. Everything W€ do, he said, is in-
Bpired by Borne kind of love. It may be
love of wealth, love of ease, love of dis
play of power and love of sensual
pleasure, and when this power of love Is
strong and tense enough, everything does
homage to it. The actions of the saint
and the pinner are all inspired by love.
If the love be that of an object, holy and
perfect so, too, will the actions be.
After mass the Bishop gave the papal
benediction in solemn form. This con
cluded the morning services.
In the afternoon at 4 o'clock the sacra
ment of confirmation was administered
by the Archbishop to about ninety girls,
fifty boys and nearly thirty grown p^r
sor.s of hoth seqces. 3everal of them con
verta to the church. During the services
the children rendered "Come, Holy Ghost,
Creator Blessed." and also the Te Deum
in English, 'Holy God. We Praise Thy
Name. As the conclusion of the cere
monies they sang the benedlctfon.
All the boys were Invited by the Arch
bishop to stand up find repeat after him
the solemn pledge of the League of the
Cross, binding themselves until they are
ty-one years of age to abstain from
all Intoxicating liquors, to shun saloons,
and as far as their influence could extend
to discountenance drinking in saloons.
In the evening Rev. Father Dempsey
delivered the sermon.
"SHAME AND SIN
OF OUR CITY"
REV. FREDERICK C. LEE TALKS
OF MUNICIPAL EVILS.
Calls for Union of Pulpit, Press and
Police in the Work of Moral
Cleansing.
Rev. Frederick C. Lee of the California
Street M. E. Church delivered another
criticism on the Police Courts, slave deal
ers In Chinatown and all manner of vice
rampant in the city, in a prelude to his :
regular sermon last evening on "The
Shame and Sin of Our City." He Bald:
If the Judges of our Police Courts wish to
keep their robes- clean, and, like Caesar' -wife,
live above suspicion, let them be more than I
dummies and figure-heads in their court rooms. j
let them exercise the authority the people have
Clothed them with and refuse to be brow-beaten
or dictated to by the "percentage poker
pleader" on the one hand or "flimflammed" by
i he clerks of their courts on the other.
Now that we have the rascals on the run, let
us' keen the trail hot. Let the and Jury probe
this straw bail business to the bottom. Let no
eiillty man escape. Let us find out If these
■•■Dikes" and "spiders" can commit every
crime in the calendar— from pickpocket to mur
der— then bribe jurors, "square" officials,
hnndwink judges and give the law the laugh.
Let there be no let up in the Chinatown c?u
--..i,].-•!> on opium Joints, gambling; dens and slave i
rims Of all the accursed evils that dare show
their foul face in our fair city, of all the vile ;
villainies finding sustenance and support on I
American soil, none is more disgraceful and
damnable than this traffic in womanhood. It
is a tolerated infamy because it pays for Its
r.rlvllefres It Is a "whited sepulchre" before
which every Federal official should hang hig
head in shame, from the lowest officer In the
custom house to President McKlnley In th»
White House. • _ . ,
Talk about expansion! Our governing and '
"elevating" the millions of mongrel Mongol- :
ians abroad, when we stand actually paralyzed,
whipped and cowed into silence by a handful ;
of heathen at home! Shame, upon the steamship ,
lines that are playing the part of pimps and
procurer* by bringing these kidnaped girls to
this land of freedom to be the degraded slams [
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 22, 1899.
of lust. Shame again upon the property holders
Who rent their houses for Fuch purposes, willing
to live on the proceeds of prostitution. Their
name? ought to be read out from every pulpit
In San Francisco. Shame, thrice shame, upon
every officer of the city, commonwealth and
nation who can be bribed by the wages of s!n
and acce] t a sharp of the corruption hind
which comes from so corrupt and devilish a
source.
Crime is lone and reforms are short, as a
rule. Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty
and freedom from the buzzards and jackals, the
parasites and ticks that feed and fatten on the
body politic. I^et the papers and the public
keep "cases" on these gambling cases. -The
"percentage poker pleader" Is . only "fiddling
for wind." He knows, and the Jailbirds that
he defends know, that the public soon get tired,
and a? a rule these raids and reforms are only
spasms of virtue. After a long sleep the sense
of public decency Is aroused, there is a great
sputter for a little while -somebody, perhaps
not as guilty as the ninety-nine who have gone
free, is made a scapegoat of, put in the pillory
nni then our virtue takes another seven years'
sleep.
\. man or woman who makes any claim to
decency will deny that vice In all its hideous
forms, such as we find here in our city, ought
not to be suppressed. But no man or woman
outside of a lunatic asylum should be misled
into the belief that vice can be suppressed by
passing laws. You cannot legislate a drunkard
Into living a sober life. You cannot make a
man honest or pure or a woman chaste and
virtuous by passing an ordinance. You cannot
clothe the Board of Supervisor* with the power
of the keys, that whosesoever sins they remit
they are remitted: and whosesoever sins they
retain they are retained.
Therefore, it is all Important that public opin
ion should be directed against these evils, not
by fits and starts, like a Sacramento-street ca
ble car. but by a constant, steady and uniform
process, which is elevating in tone and educa
tional in character. A process by which right
standards are raised and the public conscience
quickened.
I hope our San Francisco papers will become
confederate and stand together in th.. good
work and not, like our Judges, forget the com
mon foe and turn their guns upon each other.
I care not what the, motive may be that In
spires the press so long as it arrays itself on
th« right side— that Is half the battle. There
Is a host of evil-doer* who stand more li fear
of the press than they do of the prison. While
snapping their fingers in the lace of police of fl
eers they cower and crawl away from the
frown of public opinion. Without ihe press to
advocate its cause, reform might Is well give
up the fight, for. like the bird with the broken
wing, it may "flutter" but never fly. I read
all the papers, morning and evening. Sunday
and Monday, and of all the colors of the jour
nalistic rainbow. And if we can in place of
scattering, hold the prismatic rays of the press
together, we stand a good chance of getting a
piercing beam of white light.
I believe that if the three P's, that trinity of
power— the police, the press and the pulpit
will work together We can do a better work
than Hercules did when he turned the rivers
Into the cattle pens and pig sties of Augeas,
King of Ells, In defense of justice and moral
ity and in the suppression of vice and crime,
we may become a threefold cord not easily
broken.
"Christ as a Detective."
Rev. W. E. Dugan delivered a sermon
last evening at the Stewart Memorial
U. P. Church on the topic. Jesus Christ
as a ! 'In part he said:
We have- in country a vast detective sys
tem for the discovers of wrongdoers. It is an
efficient system, and I have noted with what
marvelous effects they bring the wrongdoer
to Justice. But the greatest detective of the
ages was the man of GalUee. His eye sweeps
the ages for the sinner, and there Is no hiding
place so reserved, secret or dark that his
penetrating gaze cannot find. Men try to evade
Christ, but his Justice as well as his love finds
them out.
Have you noticed in the capes of Mrs. Botkln
and Du'rrant, how, when people were puzzled
as to their guilt or innocence, that Christ in the
providence of life discovered and brought to
light the little bits of evidence mixed up
among a busy world's active life? For years
corruption has been going on in the gambling
hells and dens of this city, and we- knew noth-
Ing of it, but Christ's all-searching eye saw it
and he moved our city press to expose these
awful things. We are suffering under financial
troupe. Everywhere the cry is depression. We
see that combines are crushing out our finan
cial life. To-morrow evening there will be a
meeting at Metropolitan Temple of the business
and financial men of this city to determine the
cause of the financial depression of our city for
the past ten years. There will be many theories
advanced. Opinions will be divided, and If a
i inclusion If reached it will probably be errone
ous. Jesus Christ, the detective, has ferreted
out the trouble. He discovered it 1990 years ago
when he said that a man's life consists not in
the abundance of goods. The trouble is the ever
lasting thirst for money and the determination
to get it honestly or dishonestly. Selfishness is
the root evil— capital against labor and labor
against capital. We are writing . books and
compounding theories to find the remedy. Christ
found the remedy when he. paid love your, neigh
bor. The fruit refrigerator combine and the
fruit growers of California need love. What we
all need more than title deeds Is love.
■ ♦ ■
"Joan of Arc" His Text.
Rev. Father T. Caraher delivered an in
teresting; address on the Maid of Orleans
last evening at St. Francis Church.
"Neither in sacred nor profane history
have 1 read of. a heroine that so closely
resembles Judith or that so richly de-
Berves our praises as the saintly and re
nowned Joan of Arc. When the French
peopip were in the throes of despair and
the flower of their army was shut up by
the English in the City of Orleans, she
came to their assistance, ("lad in the ar
mor of ;i knight, seated upon a white
Bteed, bearing a sacred banner in her
right hand and leading a small army, sh«
Bet out for Orleans. Behold her cut her
way through the British, lines, enter the
city in triumph and bring provisions and
reinforcements to the famished and de
spairing garrison."
The speaker then outlined Joan of Arc's
progress, her arrest and execution, ,Jlp
said the execution of the heavenly hcro
in^ was a shame and a disgrace to f'hri.s
tianiiy. "Her treatment," he continued.
"stamped England as tho most inhuman
of nations and the most cruel of tyrants.
May God prevent the slightest alliance be
tween this fair repuhlic and that odious
monster Bngland that is drunk with hu
man blood.
"Though innocent as the angels of
heaven of Jill crime charged to her Joan
was sentenced by her Infamous judge to
bo burned at the stake upon the HOth of
May. 1481, and her body reduced to ashes
in the market place of Rouen. And now
let me exhort you to nasten by your
prayers and communions the beatification
and immunization of the Maid of Orleans,
so that we may he able to appeal to her
for assistance for ourselves and our be
loved country. Beseech Ood to soon place
her name on the calendar of saints so
that we may ask her to increase the valor
of our suns and guard the virtues of our
daughters."
The members of the League of Sacred
Hearts received holy communion in the
morning toward the beatification of Joan
dt Arc.
» ♦ ■
Justice Field Memorial.
In the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals next Monday morning the bar
will express Its regret at the demise of
the late Supreme Justice Stephen J. Field
and will testify In appropriate addresses
to the esteeem in which he. was held by
his fellow members of the bench and bar.
Rev. Dr. Stebblns will be one of the
speakers.
BEATEN FOR
HAVING A MAN
THROWN IN JAIL
Charles Brohm Bru
tally Assaulted.
HIS TEETH KNOCKED OUT
ATTACKED BY A FRIEND OF THE
PRISONER.
The Victim Found in a Semi-Con
scious Condition in His Lodging
House on Howard
Street.
Charles Brohm, who conducts the Chi
cago lodging house at 812 Howard street,
is the victim of a brutal assault. Yester
day afternoon Brohm caused the arrest
of a young man named Edward Bartlett
for robbing him of a silver watch and
chair.. Brohm claimed that Bartlett had
stolen the watch while he was asleep in
his room.
Shortly after Bartlett had been locked
up In the City Prison Brohm was visited
by two young men, who asked him if ho
intended to prosecute the alleged thief.
Brohm replied that he did, whereupon
one of the men threatened to send him to
the Morgue it he appeared against Bart
lett. Thinking they were only joking, as
he expressed it, Brohm laughed at their
threats. Shortly after 7 o'clcok last even
ing one of the men again visited the lodg
ing house and asked for the proprietor.
He took a seat in the office, and as soon
as Brohm appeared the young man struck
him in the mouth, knocking uut thr<e
teeth. As be fell prostrate to the floor
his assailant kicked him in the face and
body.
The screams of the injured man attract
ed the attention of several of the lodgers,
and they ran to his assistance. The as
sailant, evidently fearing arrest, dashed
frnm the house and made his escape. As
it was thought that Brohm was fatally
injured the lodgers summoned Police Of
ficer Beacli. He found Bmhm lying in
his office in a semi-conscious condition.
The policeman quickly summoned the
ambulance and had the wounded man re
moved to the Receiving Hospital. After
being placed on the operating table he
soon regained consciousness. The surgeon
who attended him found that in addition
to losing three of his front teeth he re
ceived an abrasion over the right eye
and a deep wound in the head, presum
ably having been inflicted by the heel of
his assailant's hoot.
Brohm claims he recognized his assail
ant as a friend of Bartlett. who at one
time roomed in his house. Ho says he is
known as "Billy" Burns, and that he has
be» n arrested on several occasions for
various Indiscretions.
The police have a gnod description of
Brnhm's assailant, and every effort is
tuinir made to apprehend him.
GREEK LETTER CHAPTERS.
Dr. Georg-e Cook Establishing Them
in Medical Colleges.
Pr. rjcnrge B. Conk of Concord, N. EL,
president of the Alpha Kappa Kappa
Fraternity, a national organization of un
dergraduates in medical colleges, Is at
the California. Dr. Cook came to this
coast on the invitation of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons to establish a
fraternity chapter in connection with the
institution. The branch was instituted
Friday night and will be known as Beta
Chapter. In discussing the subject last
evening Dr. Cook said:
"The home chapter of the fraternity Is
in Dartmouth College. There are five
others besides the one just organized in
this city. Those are at the University of
Vermont. Burlington; Tuft's Medical
School of Boston, Long Island College.
Brooklyn. N. V.: Boden Medical College,
Brunswick, Maine, and University of
Minnesota, Minneapolis.
"It is comparatively a new proposition
to have Greek letter chapters in medical
colleges, but it lias taken a firm hold and
baa come to stay. 1 will organize chap
!■ rs as fast as applications are made, and
expect to see a healthy growth of the
fraternity. The objets are fraternal ami
educational, and give the prospective
medico a chance to get posted by the
reading of medical papers and the discus
sion of pertinent topics which will later
help him in his profession."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, May 21 — 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
1 date, as compared with those of the 'same
date last season, and rainfall in last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Snaenn. Season.
Eureka 0.00 32-SS 32. 53
i Re<l Bluff 0.00 20.00 13.04
! Sacramento 0.00 14. 0(i 10.01
Pan Francisco 0.00 16.00 9.07
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.94
Kan Luis Oblspo 000 16.46 7.14
I Lob Angelee 0.00 4. 95 7.06
> Ban Diego 0.00 4.91 4.M
Yuma •• 0.00 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
57; minimum, 45; mean. Bl
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather in cloudy over the northern por
tion of the Pacific Slope and generally clear
over the southern. Light rain has fallen during
the day over Montana, Idaho, Wyoming and
North Dakota.
The pressure ha* fallen over the country west
of tjie Rocky Mountains.
The temperature has risen throughout the
Pacific Slope. The temperature is nearly nor
mal' in California except along the immediate
coast.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 22. 1899:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Monday;
fresh to brisk northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh
northwest wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy; warmer Monday.
Vtah— Fair, warmer Monday.
Arizano-Fair, warmer Monday.
San Francisco ami vicinity— Partly cloudy
Monday; fresh to brisk northwest wind.
(i. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United StaUs Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to P.-m
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE--" The high and low waters occur at
the rity front tMiKsiori-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the helsht Of tide is the Fame at both places.
MONDAY, MAY 22.
MOTE In the above' exposition o f th» UAtt
th» early morning tides are given In the left
hnnd column nnd the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
peconrt time column rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
',Hst tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
I 'lilted States Const Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given 1r subtracted from
the depth given by th° charts. The plane of
reference !« the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the T'ntted States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In Sao Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoiste.l
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 12"th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the T"nited States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether trip hall was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
C, G. cai>kinp.
T.ieutenant. I". P. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO PAII
SHIPPING, INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. May 21.
Stmr Cleone, Hlireins. 34 hours from Crescent
| City.
i Stmr Newsboy. Ellefpen. 2 hours from T'sal.
Strnr Whltesboro, Johnson, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Gipsy, I. "land, 24 hours from Moss
Lending. '".,-■' :'•-'■-
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, 73 hours frm
Grays Harbor. ■ X V
Ship C F Sargent, Haskeli, 7 days from
Seattle.
Schr Western Home, Nilsson, fiO hours from
Coos Bay. :'.,
Schr Gen Banning, Thomas, 42 days from
Navidad.
Schr Ivy, Samuels^. 3 days from Coos Bay.
Sehr Laura, Pike, Johnson, 43 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Alice, leaacksen, 40 hours from Eureka.
SAILED.
4 Sunday, May 21.
Stmr Scotia, Lundquist.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brideett. Ventura.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Puget
Sound.
Stmr Signal. Bendegard. Willapa Harbor.
Stmr Weeott. Dunham, Eureka.
Schr Ethel Zane, Holmstrom. St Michael.
I Schr Orient, Sanders. Port Gamble. . '
Schr Antelope, Anderson, Coqullle River.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— May 21. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr CJeone— May 20, 9 a m— Off Crescent
| City, V S stmr Richard Rush, with ftmr Nunl
i yak in tow, hence May 2 for Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed May 80- Br stmr Ga
ronne, from Honolulu for Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed inward May 21—
Schr Sailor Boy, frm Kodlak for Port Blakeley;
sohr William Renton.
REDONDO— SaiIed May 21— Schr Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 21— Stmr Orizaba,
from Dyea; itmr Progreso, hence May 17; Br
Btmr Garonne, from Honolulu.
NEAH BAY— Passed May 21— Aus stmr Siam.
, hence May 17 for Nanimo; Haw bark Willscott,
hence May 9 for Nanaimo. ■
IVERSENS LANDlNG— Arrived May 21— Schr
Ocean Spray, hence May 17. "T- ,
CASPAR— Arrived May 20— Ptmr Navarro, hce
May 19.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed May Ptmr Alca
traz, for Ran Pedro.
BOWENB LANDlNG— Arrived May 21— Schr
Corinthian, hence May 17; schr Newark, hence
May 20. -
SAN DIEGO— May — Br stmr Belgian
! King, for Hongkong.
TACOMA— May 21— Ship Louis
Walsh, hence May 4.
Hailed May 21-Schr Serena Thayer, for San
Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KAHULUl— Arrived prior to May Schr
William Bowden, from Newcastle, NSW; schr
I Alcalde, from Grays Harbor.
! Sailed May 6— Schr Mary Dodge, for San
Francisco.
In nort May Shin S D Cnrleton, to sail
May 10 for New York; schrs Mildred and Ho
nolpu and bktn Chas F Crocker, for San Fran
cisco. '':'.'
KIHEI— To Ball May B— Schr Defender, for
j Kahului.
HILO— May Bark Amy Turner, for
San Francisco.
Arrived May s— Schr La JJinfa, from Ha
i waiian ports; bark Edward May, from Hono
i lulu. April 30— Ship A J Fuller, from Honolulu.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fc^ Steamers leave Broadway
»rafc^_ wharf, San Francisco:
1 rejESfljtoft For -Alaskan ports, 10 a m.,
I Hpißrj^Mh. May 21. 26, 31; June 6; change
' $<y3<Fi jilt For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
■RHC^^ani C), Port Townsend, Prattle.
r*^i™j|l Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m.. May 21. 26. 31; June
5. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., May
19, 24, 29; June 3, and every fifth day there-
after. ■ --■■"- ■-, -■
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayucea, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro, East Pan Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 20, 24, 28; June 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Pan Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m , May IS. 22. 26, JO; June 3, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 ■ m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing. «
TICKET OFFIOKS —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARE * 12 First <; lass including Berth?
I MflL ss Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails May 23.
State of California sails May IS, 28.
■ Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
„•; ■ 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
.:/<--■ Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
FEW TORE. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m. ;
St. L0u|g.........May 24 St. Louis June 14
Paris May 31 Paris June 21
St. Paul June 7 1 St. Paul.. June 28
RED STAR . LINE."* - ' , . .
New York end Antwem.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ....May 24 Friesland June 14
Kensington May 31 Southwark June 21
Noordland ......June 7 1 Westernland ...June 23
EMPIRe LINE,
6eattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage, apply to .■ •
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st;, or any of its agencies.
The S. S. Australia
A^ftnEflHlL palls for Honolulu
m A>.}^l*C a * B *** Wednesday, May 31.
in \Tuilk Mm ~^ at m ji. m.
fit » im mrnmm The -S. S. Australia
n&flPHr sails for Honolulu
•t 3 * 1 ""* Wednesday, May 31,
L ™ . at 2 p. m.
Ja^X^l"A s - s - Alameda sails
iSfMm'shinc' via Honolulu and
G)lMilDIIIU c - Auckland for Sydney
X3P»*^ /WTIR?r7LI— Wednesday, June 14,
«SG>^ VyilipUltcP a t 10 p. m.
. Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610' first class. ■ ■ '■■
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freijht Office, 327 Market St
AUCTION SALES.
FIRST GREAT AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON I
.fc*' ■'£& • ..'■ &*
SO Head of WELL-BROKE. TROTTING
BRED STOCK ALL PURPOSE and DRAFT
HORSES, Among them well-matched teams,
consigned from the breeding farms of HON.
W. A. SHIPPEE, STOCKTON, and others.
On TUESDAY - - May 23, 1899,
At 11 a. m. '
t Salesyard, Cor. Van Ness Aye. and Market St.
CHASE & MENDENHALL,
Successors to KILLIP & CO.,
Livestock Auctioneers,
1732 Market St., S. F.
Horses now at yard.
£* AUCTION SALE ®fe*
EVERY TUESDAY AND SATURDAY,
AT THE DEWEY AUCTION AND SALE
STABLES,
Corner 12th and Harrison Sts., Oakland.
We have on pal" Draft, Driving and Riding
Horses at all times; also Surreys, Buggies,
Wagons and Harness.
L. SCHAFFER & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
j^^^L^^C^JNo KNIFE or PAIN
>i i No Pa y until COSED
l^__fc*Hs»«fr'Bf*\ woman breast is
cancer. Face and lip
also common places
j&^S&Wrffl 120 .pp. BOOK SEHT FREE.
' I have Cured
S. R. CH AMLE V, M. D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
f~%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i D^cJl ()25 KEABNY ST. Established
®P*l v* ijkOft in 1*54 for the treatment of Private
gjfijjk 4RBP I>isenaes, Lost Manhood. Debility or
SBMJaWBw disease wearing on bodyand mind and
JN&jSSaflWtfeu -~ "■ ' " Diseases. The doctor cures when
J5 jsgß3KjSv3<>tlirisiiiil. Try him. Charges low
SsSSaSaSiiaa l'nre«Bnarnß(pi>d Callorwrttc
I>r. J. I l '- UIBBUS. B«x J057-Sat. f ranciaco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Failing.
NIPPON MART' Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MART Saturday, July 22!
HONGKONG MART' ....Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For I
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Moil Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday Son
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome, $:$5. Other Steamers, $30.
Steerage Passage
Rome. «25 .SO. Furnesala. $24.50. Other '
Strs., *2«.50.
For Book of Tour* and information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
I General Agents. 7 Bowling Green, New fork.
Or J. F. FUGAZI, 5 Montgomery St.,
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St.,
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 *ew Montgomery St..
SAN FRANCISCO.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS, JJ-cy^
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <_SjeT»>
from Pier 42. North River, foot nf-^B**»
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. May 27: LA GAS- I
COGNE, June 3; LA CHAMPAGNE. June 10; i
LA BRETAGNE, June 17; LA TOURAINE,
June 24. First-class to Havre, $05 and upward, \
5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class i
to Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduction on round :
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 3 Rowling Green.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast I
Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM, VIA BOU-
1™ logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM |
(8300), STATENDAM (10,500). First Cabin, $50 i
upward; Second Cabin, $37.
Saloon Steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM '
etc.. $37.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to !
THOS. COOK & SON, Pacific Coast Passenger !
Agents. 621 Market Street, San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. s •,';.'-::
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tuea., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 j
a. m. 8:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri- I
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8 i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE sn c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
Jfr^>j&*-¥'*-A tJ k ' VIA 1 lI L*
IISP Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS ■
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY Z% DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent. '
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Franclsoo.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Satualit* Fairy .
Commencing April 2'i. 1839.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALL--
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »S:00, *9:SO 11:00 a. m.:
•1:45. 8:20. 4:00. ( :5. *6:00, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San |
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sund. vs. at 8:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS -»8:' »9:00 •10:00. 11:00 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, 'IMS. *2:30, •4:00, 5:30, 6:46 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does i.ot run to S'n Rafl Sundays. j
6:80 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays. I
Trains marked (*) run to San Q-entln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, «6:40 7:55. 8:40, -10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:45, •? •■> 4:35. 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 .- i 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, •8:00. »9:45. *10:45, *11:45
a. m., 1:00. 2:20, »3:30. »5:15, •6:80, 7:00. 10:15
p. m. V-.-, i.;;;^; : :-v:--r
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLRY TO SAN FRANCISCO. |
WEEK DAYS— 6:50, 7:55. 8:56. 10:35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45/ 4:55, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. . Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 16:20 p m. 3SMMJ
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.: 12:05.
1:20. 2:40. 3:55. 5:30, »:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 "a. m. week days— Cazadero and wav sta'ns.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
6:15 d. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations. ;
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns. I
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way eu'na. [
BAILBOAD TBAVXL. „.
IiOI'TIiKRN I'ACIiflC lO3IPAXT.
(PAOiriC HVSTEH.)
Tr»ln» lenve niitl «rt» Uu« lo i\rrl*e at
NAM jritAßicisuo:
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
lbave — FftOM May 7, 1899. — aiiiuvb
7:OOa. Benicia, Sulaun and Sacramento 5:45*
"iOOa Marygville, OroTilloand lisddiug via
Woodland ......V 5:45f
7:00.v Elmira, Vacaville »nd Ruinsey 8«45»
7:UOa Martiiic;, San Haraon.Valiejo, Napa.
Caliatoga aud Santa Rosa 0:1.
8:O«* Atlautic liipresa. < )g«len and Bast.. . 8:43»
•t3t>A San .lone, Utermore, Stockton,
lons, Bsersnieotq, PlaoerrQle,
MarysTille, Cbioo, He.liJluir 4:lHr
Bißoa •Milton, OakiUlu ond iSonora 4:l."ip
0:00 a HaywarJ3. Niks and Woy Stations. 11:».>A
9:O«a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, .Stockton,
Merced Bnd Fresno 18:15*
o:iioa Fresno, lialierslieM, HiinU IJurliara.
Los Angeles, DeminK El Paso,
New Orleans and East O:45»
i«:ii«A Valli-jo, Martinez and Wcy Stations 7:45»
I 1 sOOa Haywarda. Niles and Way Stations. 2: 15*
12:0:>ii Niica, Livermore, Btocfctoh, .Sacra-
mento, Mendota, lianford, Visalia,
Pi.rterville 1:15*
"l:WOr Siicraniento liiier Steamers *&:OOr
3:O0i- Bsywuds, Nilt-s and Way Stations. »:43f
4:»ur Martinez, San llaiuOH, Vallejo,
ETapa, Oallntopi Sauta R0an...... ]>>15a
4=oor Benicia, Vacaville, Sacramento,
Wooilland, Knights Lauding,
Maryavillp, Orovillo IO:4»A
4::iOpNile3, San Jose and Stockton 7:15*
4:3oi> Yoaemita Sleeping Car for Raymond J2:i3p
»:i»Oi" Stockton, Merceil, Fresno 12:1.1?
Manines, Tracy, Mfndota, Fresuo.
Wojave and I. os Angeles 8:4.1*
»i©«r Santa Vo ltoiite, Atlautlo Kxpreas
for Mo]ar« mid Kaat C:43p
6:00r Tho Owl. Fresno, B.il;ersneld, Ban-
ta Barbara, LosAngeJea 8:45*
O:Ot»i- RAropenn Mail, Ogilen aud liaat 0:4.1 A
6:0«p Hayvrarda, NUes aqd San Jose 7: 13 a
•6:«<>r Vallcjn 13:13p
7tOOi> Orei!°" J'lxi'ri'HS.Hiicriiiiieiitii, Marya-
villu, Uoililliiß, Portland, I'uget
Sdiindati.l Knst 7«43a
}8:OOp Vallcjo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions t'<> :r^OF
(OAST DIVISION (XarroiT <J:iui;c).
■ (Foot of Market Strrut.) J
|7:43 a Santa Cruz Kicursion for Santa
Cruz and Priccipnl Way Stations }8:03»
8:l."iA uter»ill<-.SanJoße,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Oruz a nd Way
Stations , r>:3Ojp
•»ilsf Newark, Centerrille, Sim Jose, Now
AJniadfti, Felton. Boulde; Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations * I 0:39 a
4:13p S>»u Joso, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions O:2Oa
b4:l3pFelton, Santa i rnz and Way Bta-
tions :.'. . /O:2QA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr»mS»N NUKCISCO— Foot ef Harket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 r.-OO 11:0Oa.M. 11:00 *2:00 13:00
•1:00 16:00 *6:00r.M.
fromOAKUND— ?oolorßicad»«j.— "fi/.O 8:00 10:00 a.M.. M.
112:00 «1;OQ tn:CO '3:03 li:C3 *5:03f.M.
COAST DIVISION' (Brawl <«i!igo).
(Third and Townsend St '■) >
•6: 1 Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. «0:30p
•7:OOa San .lose ami Way BtaUoiin New
Almaden luesdaysonly) l:3O»
J7:3oa Sunday ExcurEinu for San Jo3e,
Sant-i Cm/, Pvcitia Grove and ■-".'■'
Principal Way Stations 18:33*
•jOOa Han Jo»o, Tr.H Finos, Santa Cms,
Pacillc Grove, Paso Hobles, San
LuisOlitepo, uoadalnpe, Surf and
rrlticlpal Way Stations 4ilOp
10:40 a San.losuiuidWay Stations «S:OOa
11:3Oa San Jobo find Way Stations 3:UOv
*2:4si>Snn Mateo, ltcdwooil, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Ciara, San .lose,
Oilroy, Uollieter, Santa Cruz,
Salinaa, Monterey and Pacific
Grove *lOi3Ba
•ttiSOp San Jose and Way Stations *9:OOa
•4:15p San Joseand Principal Way Stations 9:45 a,
•3:00p San Jose anil Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
S:3orSa.n.Tos»nn'l Principal Way Stations *8:35 a
6::« Op San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
t11:45p San Joai; aud Way Stations ' 7:30p
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
• Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only. t Saturday only.
(Saturday and Sunday /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
. Tiburon Ferry, Foot olf Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:64
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
. 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:65 and 8:3.". p. m.
BTJNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
Banie schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. April 16, 1 —.
Week Sun- 15»99. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:20 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa K.;sa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.,
7:80 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdbburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:30 pm S:00 am Gloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 ana
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am . 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pmf 6:20 pra
, I 1 .
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 ami 8:00 am 1 Sebastopol. 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at GeyserVtlle for SkasgS)
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake»
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley'a,
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville.
Booneville, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarre, Whltesboro. Albion. Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brag?,
Westport. Usai. Willitts. Laytnnville. Cum-
mins' s, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points}
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids,
H C WHITING, 1 R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
California
• Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting: Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — 628 MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 151 L
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, IS'/J, trains will run as follow*}
South-bound. North-bound.
Fassen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptii Exc'ptd Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pro
1:10 am 2:05 r>m Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pm, Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:33 am; 7:43 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 12:30 am Bakersflcld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am ; 8:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pini Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points aa required.
I For particulars of stage and other connection!
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
street. San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1599,
WEEK DAYS— a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m.-end 1:45. 2:38
and 4 p. m.
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON, Asia., 621 Market st. j
78
CLOSING RALLY
OF ENDEAVORERS'
CONVENTION
Day Devoted to Wor
ship and to God.
MANY INTERESTING MEETINGS
FATHER CLARK'S ADVICE TO
YOUNG CHRISTIANS.
Fitting End to a Gathering That Will
Do Much for Moral Up
building' of the
State.
Oakland Ofl'.ee SaTi Franclsoo Call.
908 Broadway, May 2L
The illzp:i!: benediction, 'The Lord be
I me until we meet again,"
ringing simultaneously from 4000 throats,
was a flttii f the Anal rally to
night of the Christian Endeavor conven
i '99. Tl. - ■. ._ En
rers has commenced and they take
with them many fond recollections of the
past few days and u< w hopes :'ur the
• f thi- coming year.
The attendance i i-night \vx< unprece
dented. The registration committee esti
mates it at 42U persona ; ••'■:■• of Alameda
County, oi»2 from San Francisco, outsiders
606, a.:id Juniors -tv. In addition 144 new
ira registered, were afforded ad
mission without badges and L3O originally
ecure badg<
The theme for to-night was "The Glory
rpi,:! Thee." Thee
usual excellent music was furnished by
the chorus of 4U" voices under the direc
tion of A. M. B( -..' am and Benjamin
Clark, and the preparatory service was
conducted by Rev. Mr. Kelley uf the
Lutheran Church of this city, followed by
music and offertory.
An address on "The Home, the Place
of Beginnings, was delivered by Rev. H.
K. Walker, D.D., who pointed out that
the beginning of ail great movements is
"The horn.-, said the speaker,
"is where Charles and John Wesley got
their inspiration. The Christian Endeavor
movement began not in Williston Church
n Williston Parsonage. There did
Dr. Clark talk it all over with his dear
wife." The importance of the home the
speaker gave as one reason why ail
should join In and help the work of the
Juniors and Intermediate Endeavorers.
The lack of chivalry in the family, in the
■>• and In the : is given as
ngs of this nation.
After the installation of officers, during
which Rev. Francis E. dark officiated,
and another selection by the chorus, Rev.
Mr 'lark delivered a stirring address on
"Mori Fruit." He did not think it worth
while, he said, to speak against the dance
hall, card party and theater. "The ques
tion is too often asked," said he, "not in
the spirit of how much can 1 do for God.
but how far can I go the "'.her way?"
Mr. ciark congratulated the Endeavorers
an the excell< nt □ just concluded
and on the good outlook. He urged them
to go forward with new courage and
that statistics
that Christian Endeavorers are
as faithful as older people in church
attendant c. Rev. Clark's address was
followed with the closing consecration
Bervice, led by George !' Lowell, and the
concluding hymn, "We'll Never Say
lit odby in Heaven."
To-morrow afternoon at 4:30 Rev. Mr.
Clark will be entertained at dinner at
Springs by the '99 < ommittee of
AJameda County. The retiring State ofti
ind the newly-elected officers and
plans fur the coming year will be dis
cussed.
This proved to be a "Day With God"
for the Christian Endeavorers. Beginning
at 8 o'clock this morning meetings were
held in various churches in this city. Ala
meda and Berkeley, and the theme dis
pon was "The Glory of the Lord
[a Risen upon Thee"— Matt. iv:2. In the
First Presbyterian chapel in this city E.
H. liakei of San Jose led an enthusiastic
meeting. Rev. J. C. Mclnnes of tieulcia
had Fa similar meeting at the
.. yi. Presbyterian Church in East
Oakland. The worship at the United Pres
byterian Church .in AJameda was led by
Dr. Sarah E. Wise of San Frani
while G. H. Wheeler of San Jose conduct
ed the service at the First M. E. Church
i:i Berkeley. At 11 o'clock regular ser
in each of these churches were held,
the text of thf- Bermons, suggested by the
convention, being "ihe Harvest of Pente-
This afternoon simultaneous rallies
were held. At the tabernacle Rev. F. E.
Clark, father, of the Christian Endeavor
movement, addressed a well-attended
meeting for men only, R. H. Chamberlain
presiding. Thia meetinng was held under
Ihe auspices of ti.e young Men's Chris
tian Association. Rev. Mr. Clark Bpoke
Interestingly a: jth on his trip
In Cuba, whence he returned recent
ly. He told how he had frequently wit
nessed the overindulgence In strong' drink
among some of the American soldiers — a
Bight to be lameiifd as one that went to
demonstrate that sometimes patriots for
got that they are soldiers and thereuy
ountry, at the -a me time
setting a vi ry had example r" >r others.
Mr. ('lark made an urg-ei:: and eloquent
plea to the young men to live true and
correct lives for the sake of their coun
try, for their own sakes, and for God's
take.
On hr-half of the Young Men's Christinn
Association Noel Jacks spoke briefly,
tour-hint? upon the work accomplished by
that noble organization and the hopes if
future achievements. A barytone solo
v. .is suns by Horatio Cogswell of the
Berkeley University Glee Club, and Miss
Maud Noble favored the audience with a
trombone selection with her usual grace.
While this meeting was in progress, an-
Dther for women only was a nduct
• the First M. E. Church, Miss M. L.
Berry of Fresno presiding; while at the
First Presbyterian Church juniors and
children and parents held forth. Short
meetings were also held for- Endeavorers
at some of the churches here, ir Ala
mr-da and P.erkf !• ■ . Joespta D. Radford of
San Jos.-, a. L. Hunger "f Fresno. J. A.
i. of Stockton and C. B. Shaw of
Cloverdale presiding respectively at the
various places.
Later in the afternoon, shortly after S
t'clock. a rnafs meeting was held at Sea
men's Rest, where a special programme
was carried out under the direction of J.
C. Suhr of the Alameda County Floating
Society.
PEPPERED CLAY PIGEONS.
Lincoln Gun Club Holds Its Regular
Shoot at Alameda Soint.
ALAMEDA. May 21.— Lincoln Gun
Club held Its regular monthly shoot to
day at Alameda Point. Owing to th&
number j»f counter attractions in which
the sportsmen were interested, the at
tendance was not large. The summary of
Events follows:
Club money shoot, third for the season, 2"
targets— O. Feudner.23. Sherock 16. Bekeart 21,
Karney 22. Rumpf 9. Ostrander 17. Halpht 21,
Keller 12. Webb 22. BrunH 20. I>wis 11, Kerri
lon 20, Fisher IS, Eugene Forster 21, Nauman
a, Hoyt 10, Hauxhurst 21. Sla<le 16, Baum 14.
Nauman 22, Sears 19, Andrus 16, Lewis 11.
Second event, 15 tanjets— Halght 9, Karney
14 Nauman 12, 0. K-udnpr 14. Bekerat 11
?*ars 14, Baum 7. Slade 11, Fisher 11. Kerrlson
11. Brown & Webb 12. McDonald '.<, Blcker
itaff 9. Andnis 12, Wallace 11. Bowen 4, Javett
I. Hauxhurst 14, J. McDonald 9. Blckerstaff
11, Mike 8. Hemes 6. Peterson 11.
Third event. 15 target*— Bekemrt 9. Webb 14,
Nauman li, HalKht 11, F. Feudner 8, O. Feud
ner 13, Hauxhurat 13, Pears 12, Andrus 13,
favett 7, Brans 14.
■ ♦ ■ 1
Feast of the Holy Ghost.
HATWARDS. May 21.— T0-day the Por- |
ruKuese of this place and vicinity held
;hffr Holy Ghost celebration. This was the
Drst time the celebration has been held
n Haywards and a food deal of interest
n-as taken in it. Otner towns in this
rounty have held the celebration annual
y, Suasion San Jose being the pioneer;
.h the movement.
An organization for the celebration of j
:he day exists in each town where it is j
aeld, and those who have charge of the ]
iffair In Haywards are Joe Ollvera, j
chairman; Thomas M. Medelros, secre
tary; M. Enos. M. J. Sequelra, Anton
Rosa, M. Anidresa and Felix J. Sllva.
Last evening a procession was formed
on B street and marched to a lot on C
street. Here a display of fireworks was
made To-day s procession was formed
to go to the' church, where high mass
was celebrated, and from the church a
return was made to the place of festivi
ties, win re an elaborate dinner was
i served and everybody made merry. In
! the afternoon there was an auction of
various articles of fancy goods, lruits
cakes, etc., to go toward the exyense of
the affair.
A THRILLING ASCENSION.
A Burning Airship Almost Claims
Two Victims.
OAKLAND. May 21.- Several thousand
amusement seekers at Oakland Turk were
treated this afternoon to one of the most
remarkable balloon ascensions ever re
corded. The sight of a man hanging by
his t. es ascending Into space and suspend
ed fn.ni a burning ball. .on thrilled their
senses to an Indescribable awe, added to
which was also the narrow escape of an
other man who had clung to one of the
ropes attached to the balloon in the hope
of preventing the ascension, since it was
he who Brat dicovered the fact .hat the
balloon was üblaae.
Fred Vosmer, brother ot the weii
known aeronaut and a novice at the air
sailing business, went up in the balloon
this afternoon hanging by his toes. Just
a-< the gas Inflated globe began moving
upward and most of the helpers let go of
the ropes Dave, one of the men about the
balloon, still clinging to a rope, shouted
to Vosmer to drop because the balloon
was afire, Vosmer, however, answered
thai he cared not, and instantly the air
ship shot up into the <olr with the novice
a<= weli as Dave, who became entangled
in the rope he had lx?en holding fast
When about thirty feet from the ground
Dav< fought his way clear from the rope
and dropped. Those who stood with bated
breath expecting to see the man picked
un as dead wi re thunderstruck to see him
rise from the ground, stagier an instant
and walk off into tne crowd of spectators.
He reside? In Alameda and refused to
mnke known his last name.
In the meantime she burning balloon
ha.l ascended fully 700 feet, when it began
swaying and spilling, and In the nick of
time Vosmer cut loose his parachute and
made a descent that waa i as i graceful as , it
was relieving to those who feared nothing
less than his destruction.
MEMORIAL DAY TO
BE FORMALLY OBSERVED
PREPARATIONS BY GEORGE H.
THOMAS POST.
Street Procession and Elaborate
Ceremonies at the Cemetery.
Special Features Expected.
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R.,
and "other organizations participating in
their memorial exercises will assemble at
the terminus of the I'nion-street cars in
the Presidio at 10:30 a. m., Tuesday,
May 30.
The column will move promptly in the
following order at 11 o'clock:
Grnnd marshal, Major Lewis Smith, U. S. A.
(retired); chief uf staff. Major Charles Jan-
Beii- aids A Mantner, A. J. Vining. W. .1.
Watson; Twenty-fourth United States Infantry
band; United States troops; Ballon and ma
rines. United States nav> . Signal Corps, N. G.
i' . Captain Hewes. commanding; Naval battal
i :i, X. G. C. ; League of the Cl
Colonel W. P. Sullivan, commanding; <-ar
riaße: Orator, chaplain and i>",>t; George H.
Thomas Post No. 2, <1. AT C mfederate Vet
erans; veterans of :! ■ Uexl :aa ■■■ ■ . Sons of
the \merican revolution: Major General Dick
inson and staff. N. G. C; other organize
and guests. Memorial day commiti
U. a Warfteld, rhairman: C. H. Blinn. J. G.
tig, A. J. Vining, John J. Roberts, sec-
The following will be the exercises at
the cemetery:
Stn-wins; the graves with flowers; selection.
Twenty-fourth United States Infantry band;
prayer Rev. George C. Adams; remarks. Port
Commander Edward A. Bullis; quartet. "The
n't Dead." music by Frank <; Ronner;
arranged for mlxM voices; "Lincoln's Gettys
burg Address," Comrade J. H. Roberts; an-
Utem Twenty-fourth United States Infantry
band; recitation, • 'Beyond the Verge of Time,"
Nellie Hnlbrook Rlinn; oration. Col
\ Simmer; quartet, selection; taps;
Spangled Ranner." Twenty-fourth United
States Infantry band.
it has been decided by the Memorial day
committee that the veterans of the Span
ish War now in and about San Frai
shall be invited to join with the Grand
Army of the Republic in the parade on
May 30. To the end that the veterans of
our last war may lie a manifest part of
the parade Grand Marshal John A. White
sides has decided to give them a position
in advance of the Grand Army. The Span
ish War veterans are therefore urged to
form a strong line and as far as practi
cable in uniforms, to report to Captain
E. C. Sutliffe. late of the First California
Volunteer Infantry, on Second street,
right resting on Market, at 9:3»> a. m.
Memorial day.
■ ♦ .
THE NATIONAL GUARD.
Four More Companies of Infantry
Accepted — Changes in the Naval
Militia.
Aside from the appointment of the as
sistant adjutant general but little was
done In the National Guard last week.
The appointment of adjutant general still
hangs fire and the talk during the wtek
by those who pretend to know is that the
contest for the office has narrowed down
to Colonel Stone and Colonel Currier.
Company D of the Second Infantry.
Companies B and E of fhe Fifth and
Company C of the Sixth, having com
plied with the provisions of the recen.t
act of the Legislature as to reorganiza
tion, have been accejited and are now
part of the iruard. The rolls of D, F and
G of the Fifth Infantry have been for
warded, but n\> to yesterday had not been
passed upon.
Captain Farrell, one of the surgeons of
t'n<- First California Volunteers, and
Lieutenant Swazey < f Company Q, First
California Volunteers, have reported for
duty. L. H. Turner, commanding the Na
vaT Militia, having returned from his trip
north, has reported for duty.
The company at Fresno is being
equipped and information is being secured
to the end that hats may be procured for
the men.
The following changes have recently
taken place in the Naval Militia:
Lieutenant Roscoe Howard, command
ing the third division, has been assigned
to duty as executive officer of the' Pinta,
in addition to duties as commanding offi
cer of the third division, Seaman Walter
W. Towles has been appointed as carpen
ter on the Marion. Paymaster's Yeoman
Bmanuel J. lx>uis hah been appointed
mate and assigned to duty on the Pinta;
Gunner's Mate Charles R. Alberger of
second division has been appointed mate
and assigned to duty on fhe Marlon.
The following appointments of chief
petty officers on the staff of the com
manding officer have been made: Itoat-
Bwain's Mate (second class) Henry
Schroeder, second division, to be chief
signal Quartermaster; Musician C. F.
Butte, second division, to be chief bugler,
vice J. K. Burke, uromoted; Fireman
(first class) William Carew, engineer's
division, to be engineer's yeoman.
The members of the first and engineer's
divisions of the militia have organized
themselves into the Mariner's Social
Club and will, on Sunday, the 28th inst.,
have an excursion to and picnic at Sunset
Park.
At the annual mc-eting of the Veteran
National Guard of California held on the
17th inst. in headquarters in the Pioneer
building, at which then- was a very large
attendance, the following nairud were
elected as officers for the current term:
Ex-Private George R. Sanderson, com
mander; ex-Major George \V. Reed, vice
commander; ex-Lieutenant James Penny
cook, adjutant; ex-Captain John E. Klein,
pay master; ex-Sergeant W. H. Little,
Lieutenant Colonel Joslah Howell and ox-
Colonel H. J. Burns, finance committee.
Ex-Captain John Uunbar and ex-Lieuten
ant Frederick Dohrmann Jr. were elected
to membership. Ex-Colonel H. P. Bush,
ex-Corporal Edward T. Foley and ex-
Colonel A. B. Cutler were named as the
committee to arrange for the annual ban
quet to be given on the 7th of June.
Builders' Contracts.
George uatnper downer; wun v. v. Gillespie
(contractor), architect none— All work for a
two-story frame building on E line of Larkln
street, 61 N of Turk, N 19:6 by E 50. Frame up
J600; brown coated, $600; completed and ac
:epted, $600: 35 days later, $600; total, $2400.
May M. Christie, wife of Robert (owner) with
Henry Rowe (contractor), architect owner— All
K'ork for a two-story and basement frame
bulldlne on W line of Cole street, 25 N of
Frederick, 23 by 100; $2700.
Wl'ilam G. Irwln (owner) with Gray Bros,
(contractors), architects Reid Bros.—Excavat
ng- and concrete work for residence on N'E cor
ler of Washington and Laguna streets; $S2OO.
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 22, 1899.
COMMISSIONER FAWCETT
HAS A GOOD DEFENDER
H. Pinkiert Believes This Country's
Representative in the Klondike
Has Been Misjudged.
H. Pinkiert, a well known mining man
of Dawson, has been in the city for the
past two weeks. He speaks very highly
of the treatment accorded by the Gov
ernment In the Klondike regions and
; states that the charges of unfairness
| made against Gold Commissioner Fawcett
are false and prejudiced. Mr. Pinkiert
said that Mr. Fawcett had done every
thing In his power to accommodate the
people of his district.
"Despite the fact that Mr. Fawcett had
very poor quarters and very little assist
i mice," said Mr. Plnkiort, "he has done
more work and moro good than any man
ui> there. He works early and late, re
cording claims, settling disputes and pro
tecting the interests of every one. It is
not right for any one to attack a man who
has done his duty. There was no need of
an investigation as he is a man of honor.
In my opinion a man is entitled to pro
tection lrom his own Government, and
those who maliciously attack him ought
to be punished.
"There are now 30,000 people in the Yu
kon district. There is very little crime
committed there, and it has the reputa
tion of being the quietest camp in the
world. Jt is due to Captain Harper and
Captain Stern, who are in charge, of the
police. Governor Ogelsby is without a
! doubt the right man in the right place.
He has ability, and we are proud of him.
He is beloved by our citizens because he
fives all nationalities a fair hearing,
.ast winter there was sickness in camp
and the Government erected a hospital
and paid out a large sum for the treat
ment of those taken sick."
Mr. Pinkiert advises all flio.se who eon
| template going to the Klondike regions to
i go well provided. He said gold could not
Be found in the streets. Every one who
I goes there must make up his mind to
j work hard. He has completed arrange
! ments to have issues of The Call sent to
him, as he will act as agent for the pa
per The news furnished by Sam \vall.
The Call's correspondent, has made the
paper- popular with the residents of that
i far-off region. Copies sell at 50 cents
each. Mr. Pinkiert will leave to-morrow
night for his new home. He will take a
large number of Calls and hopes to have
them in Dawson early in June. Mr. Pin
kiert way well known in this city as the
proprietor of the blpr bazaar of ..iat name.
■ ♦ ■ —
Young Men's Institute.
A letter received from Supreme Presi
dent Kierce of the Young Men's Institute,
who recently started on a tour of official
visitations, conveys the information that
he had from the date of his departure
from this city to the loth inst. visited
councils at Grass Valley, in this State;
at Denver, Cola.; Grafton, Lincoln
and Dawson, Nebr. ; Atchison. Kans.;
St Louis, Mo.; Little Hock, Ark.,
and Memphis, Term. He states that
he has received numerous calls to visit
off the line he mapped out. but that want
of time will not allow him to visit all.
Still, ho will "sidetrack" as often as pos
sible.
Last Sunday the council at ?»apa re
ceived an official visit from Grand Presi
dent Haskins and Grand Director Foley,
at which time twenty strangers were add
ed to the membership of* the council.
Frank T. Shea lectured before the coun
cil at Petaluma on "Church and Archi
tecture" last Wednesday.
On the 30* inst. Phil Sheridan Council
will hold memorial services in St. Peter's
Church, when Rev. Father Grant will of
ficiate.
Wedding invitations, visiting-cards, fine
stationery and printing at Sanborn &
Tail's. *
CHICAGO LABORERS
DENOUNCE MERRIAM
CHICAGO. May 21. — Militarism was
the bugaboo which this anernoon scared
the members of the Federation of Labor
into excited speech. A resolution was
adopted to question the Secretary of War
if General Merriam's "permit order" in
the Idaho mining troubles was the lirst
Btep in militarism and suggesting a na
tional proclamation that the United
States is under martial law. inuring the
discussion James H. .fayne made a fiery
speech.
"Militarism is going to take labor by
the throat. " he said, and he quoted the
Attorney General of Idaho in saying he
had the "monster unions by the throat."
Then he introduced the following reso
lutions, i«r> ceded by a whereas clause
stating that the country had come to be
a land of starving thousands and a home
Of millionaires:
Resolved, That the Chicago Federation of La
bor denounce the unwarranted and outrageous
■if the ("z:ir of Am-Tlea, General M I
rlum. and the military power in notifying mine
- they cannot employ miners belonging
t'> a ny miners' union unless they take out a
permit card from the Czar of militarism in
America, General Meriiam, and if they refuse
they will be driven from the fare of the earth;
and be it furl her
Resolved, That the secretary he hereby in
structed t" write to the Secretary of War. ask
lnK who Is responsible tor General Merriam's
conduct, or if this Is the Brat step in militarism
and has it come to stay?
The resolutions were adopted unani
mously after nailing out a number of
warm speeches ' Indorsement.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W H Ryan, N V Mrs Hoffman, Chicago
II Stenge. Cal Mrs X Fitzgibbon, 111
J W WaylanJ, X T Miss I Fltzgibbon, 111
Mrs Wayland, N V R a Fitzgihbon, ill
J H Allen, N J S S Day, Chicago
Mrs J H Allen, N J Mrs S S Day, Chicago
J R Carnahari, Ind J C Hates, USA
Mrs Carnahan. Ind S E Smiley, USA
O E Muller, Ind j F Duncan, N J
Mme. Jacco, Japan I N B Smith, Cal •
(i Kawakami, Japan A J Burton, Menlo
Miss Kawakaml, Japan. W H Hensey, Stanford
Bud Story, Cal A Williams. Sacto
C S Gardner, London Mrs A Williams, Sacto
R C Edwards, Belfast A Erlebach, Boston
D M Max: nan, Edln- H A Rosenquest, Cal
burgh ,H G Mitchell, Cal
"W R D Beckett, Slam C Abbott, Oakland
T S Baker, Japan ' F C Lusk, Chico
Mrs Baker, Japan Mrs A F Stevens, 111
Lord Chiehester, Irelml J J McCafTerty. Minn
Lady Chiehester. Irelnd A M Knox, Minn
D. Manfred, Italy A I' Mackie. Buffalo
T M Swanzy, II I W Bayly, L Ang
Mrs Swanzy, HI OP Posey, L Ang
T Grant, England . H H Markham, Cal
J I)lxon, Barlna. 'W Parker, L Ana;
Mrs J Dixon, Barlna Mrs W Parker, L Ang
RAF Penrose, Ariz L Freund. N V
S Postley, NY • J Marx, N V
Mrs B Postley, N V W S Bradford, USA
Mrs L P Cunning, N V W C Walte, Stanford
L A Stout, NY J Garwood, Stockton
V H Muller, N V Dr Brunhoff, Kiel
3 T Maclean, N T V Mrs Brunhoff, Kiel
3 M Woods, St Louis M A Cohen, N V
M EC Rothschild. N V Mrs II H Baldrlge,
R McCoy, USA I Omaha
F Dletenbach, Germny Miss M L Hamilton,
M Bpee, Keil I Omaha
C X Brown Gaelic 'G Q Kimball. -Cal
E Warley, Gaelic ■ E J Wagner, Mo
F C Towns, T.'tlca • Mrs E J Wagner. Mo
A Manheimer, NY I A Bercooch, S Jo.se
A P Desanno, Pa ■ Mrs Bercooch, S Jose
J J Hoffman, Chicago A Fink, Sacto
GRAND HOTEL.
W S George. Antloch G M Isley. Sacto
J Ross. Antloch F A Lyon. Saoto
H C Stelnetz & w, J Batterman Jr. Ohio
Warm Springs G W Pierce, Davlsvlle
J(' Edwards. S Jose AP de Sarrmo Pa
E P Hay ward. NY J B Seykara & w. Cal
E C King. NY O C Alnsworth, Cal
J D Smith, Danville R W Roßslter. Stnfrd
H A Rosenqulst, Cal D "W Raymond, Stnfd
II G Mitchell, Sausa H Johnson. Ontario
Mrs Dean, Sacto C W Chllds, San Jose
Miss Dean. Sacto G W Largan, Lvrmra
A P Mackie, Buffalo G W Gibson, Wlllims
E Rosenthal, Ohio C A Chaquette, Cal
J S Jennings & w, Cal M M Israel. N V
A M Noble & w, Cal G F McNoble. Rtkton
L R Prince, Boston R M Drake, Cal
G Klsllngberg. Utah E W Wllbert, Yreka
J Schader, Los An ,II E Barber &w, Cal
J M Johnston. Los A J 3 Hebbron, Salinas
B F Brooks, Riverside Mrs A C Hobart. Mcx
S R Spriggs & w. Call Miss Hobart, Mexico
A Seeder, NY IJ E Anzar, San Juan
T J Ruhlman, NY I G H Johnson, Cal
J H Meyers Sr. Chgo; W A Reinhart, Stantn
W E Price, facto H Gibscon, St Paul
Jos Thuben, Sacto ; E Leuhring, Sulsun
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B-Fraser, Sacto • ' J Hedges, S Pedro
A M Arnold. S Diego JO Ludwig, Germany
J Ladelle, Fresno ■ R James, N V
Miss M Cullen, L Ang J Sullivan, Chicago
W Crosgrove, Modesto I J H Green. Boston
O Scanlan, L Ang P C Ross. Fresno
P Wallace. NY | J Downey, Los Ang
H I-«wls. NY L C Mathews. L Ang
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 21— Stmr Maaii
dam, from Rotterdam; stmr Manltou, frm Lon
don.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived May 21— Stmr
Rhynland, from Liverpool ; stmr Carthagenla,
from Liverpool.
Pnilrd May 21 — Stmr Pcnnland, for Liverpool.
HorTHAMPTON— SaiIed May 21— StrBremen,
for New Tork.
QT'EKNSTOWN— SaiIed May 21— Stmr Luca
nla, from Liverpool for New York.
HAVRE— Arrived May 21— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New York.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Thjrd streets, open
I until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street.
| corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
j 187 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
: 621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln etreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
it II Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2281 Market street, cprner Sixteenth; open
until t o'clock.
lOfi Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
'■ 2626 MlßPion street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
; streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge 22,~F\~and~X a
! M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at 7 JL
o'clock. Third degree. Master Masons "**f *j£
cordially Invited. By order of the f^g^
W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON, Sec.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. m
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON- /V
DAY). May 22, 1599. at 7:30 o'clock^Z?
p. m. Second degree. By order of the'^P^
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
; KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. «T~
, and A. M., Franklin Hall, 1839 Fill- wJ%_
more St.— Second degree THIS (MON- >£2r
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By /^r^
orde/- of the master.
_ HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, I. < xwm%'/ i ,
O. O. F.'— Officers and members: #SpT^&
You are hereby notified to attend rSSsSiy^S;
the funeral of our late brother. ■'w/ilw-
HARRISON MORAN, on MONDAY, at 1
p. m., from Congregational Church, Bartlett
and Twenty-fifth sts. JAS. BOYES, N. G.
J. D. SCHLOENIS. Sec.
THE Caledonian Club will hold its . O\,
I thirty-third annual gathering an.l 3k. (M\fh
i gamea at Shell Mound Park on itJkXKJ?
TUESDAY, May 30. As usual, *ftSs*
the best athletes of the Pacific Coast will
: compete for prizes of coin. Jewels, badges and
other articles of value; $2500 In cash will be
distributed to successful competitors; full
bands and renowned bag pipers will furnish
music for the grounds and dancing platform;
a Highland hospitality will be extended to
guests and an unecjualed day of pleasure will
be afforded to all comers; buy tickets for
Shell Mound Park; adults 50c: children 25c.
ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Sec.
BRITISH Benevolent Society ~jtT
of California— Queen's birth- A He? *,
iiay anniversary dinner, «* c^t I ?>&.
Merchants' Club. 222 San- JEgSSBS
some St.. WEDNESDAY KBJflißattrtC*
EVENING. May 24. at ; <^V£JVJ»J£>
o'clock Tickets, $2 60, at fcVVymnfi
604 Merchant st. and Dox- V»V$iLjK»2Jr
ey's, Palace H»tel building. «iy B^aa!* NIC
W. CLAYTON PICKERSGILL,
H. B. M. Consul General, President.
G. C. WOODWARD, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt Water
Company will be held at 327 Market st., Saa
Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the 22d day of
May, 1899, at the hour of 3 p. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may ccme before the
meeting. Transfer books will close oo Fri-
day, May 12, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary.
Office. 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OC3ANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock In the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the oflfce of said Company,
number 327 Market St., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
"create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000), In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of thin Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steaai
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by paid Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of th»
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~
PILES PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1 P<*
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero Ht. near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
C<">.. 415 Montgomery «t.. rooms 9-10: t>l "50
DIVIDEND NoriCES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 93 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany on and after THURSDAY, June 1, 1899.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY, May
26, 189$. Nt 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EJU'LOYMEXT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— KEMALE.
SCOTCH Protestant cook, also English second
girl, 2 years' experience, desire situations. See
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 315 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT. US Powell St., tel. Main 5332.
help of all nationalties await positions.
YOUNG nurseglrl wishes to take care or 1
child. MRS. LAMBERT. US Powell st.
YOUNG German second girl wishes situation,
1 year last place, $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Silt!'!' st. ■
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
and houseworker, $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
YOUNG neat colored housegirl, good cook,
best references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
SWEDISH housegirl, strong and willing, $15 to
S $20. good cook. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
COMPETENT woman with a ohild desires a
Situation cooking and housework; wages $10
to $15; country preferred. MISS CULLEN,
32." Sutter st. '
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 32.'. Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, young and
strong, desires situation; understands all
branches of cooking: best of references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation to do
second work and take care of children; refer-
ence. Call 311% Elm aye.. bet. Franklin and
Gough. Golden Gate and Turk. - •
PROTESTANT young woman wishes situation
to take care of children or do housework; best
of reference; wages $15. Apply 40 Minna- st.,
In rear.
WANTED— Situation in a private boarding-
house or restaurant; understands the busi-
ness ; $12 per month. 267 Stevenson st.
A SITUATION wanted by a competent woman;
general housework; city or country. Please
call 465 A Tehatna st.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged German
woman for light housework and assist with
children. Please call 113 Perry at.
WOMAN, with little child,' wishes to do cook-
Ing. 23% Sixth st.
GOOD German c<*k. with flrst-class references.
Box 779. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED, respectable widow wishes a
situation as housekeeper in a small family
or to take care of an Invalid. Call at 1932
Mason St.. MRS. WILSON. ■
WANTED— By a respectable widow a po-
sition as working housekeeper; city or coun-
try. Address box 894, Call office.
LADY good in composition wants position as
amanuensis or private secretary; stenog-
rapher. Box 713, Call office.
GERMAN Woman wants work by the day,
housecleanlng, washing, any work; $1 25 day.
132 Clara st.
TRUSTWORTHY and sober middle-a^ed wo-
nun would like to do plain cooking or light
housework; no postal cards answered. 114 Na-
toma st.
WIDOW with little girl 4 years old would like
position as working housekeeper to elderly
couple. 1720 Clay st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country. Call bet. 10 and 2, Golden West
Hotel, Ellis st., room 23.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper,
country preferred. Call afternoon or address
MRS. IRENE SMITH, 22 Mint aye., room 20.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
housecleanlng: $1 a day and car fare. Box
10, Call office.
EASTERN woman of 30 wishes position to as-
sist with light housework; good. home more of
an object than wages; city or country. 29
Eddy st.,. room 32.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and dishwasher or
• helper; English. : French and Hungarian style;
first-class pastry; flr»t-clasB hotel; references.
Apply at 242 Natoma st., basement. ■-. ■--■
ANY one who : would like plain sewing done
please call at 126 Fourth St.. room 15.
WANTED— Situation as .nurse and upstairs
work. Address MISS E. W., 2416 Fillmore st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— -Continued.
MAN and wife want situations country hotel
or boarding house; man first-class cook: wife
good laundress : and pastry cook. 312 Van
Ness aye.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
sleep at home; $12 a month. Address 1615
Jones st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $(
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
SITUATION wanted (Just arrived from East) by
two first-class 20 years' experienced compe-
tent 1 meat, 1 pastry cook, bread and cakes;
best of references; sober and steady; wish
places; city or country. Address box 782, Call.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Gran: 58.
CHINESE and Japanese . Employment Office:
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. : tel. East 421.
WANTED— Situation as engineer; can . run
dynamo or any kind of small plant: willing
to do other work ; good reference. Address M.
F. C, 235 Minna st.
COACHMAN and gardener; thoroughly compe-
tent and good, careful driver; can milk and
do all other work around gentleman's place.
Box 896, Call office.
COMPETENT coachman wants work; thorough
with horses and all stable duties; careful
driver; city or country; willing to do general
work; can milk; references first-class. P. G.,
box 664, Call office.
GARDENER wants position; first-class work-
man; wide experience; private place, nursery
or orchard. Address A. M., care PROFES-
SOR EMORY E. SMITH. Palo Alto.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer wishes work by the
day. 54 Rausch St.
AN intelligent, trustworthy young man desires
position of trust; well connected and recom-
mended. Address box 615, Call office.
MAN and wife, wish situations as cook and
helper at mining camp or ranch. Address box
668, Call office.
LADIES' tailor (cutter and fitter) wishes po-
sition; references. Box 660, Call office.
BAKER, foreman, with best of references,
wishes place as such; city or country: bread
and cakes. Addres Baker, 309 Third st.
Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class machinist,
engineer and steamfitter. Address box 888,
Call office.
FRENCH cook, flrst-class, newly arrived,
wants work; city or country. Box 667, Call.
YOUNG man, 25 years old. will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendations; $1000
bond given; city or country. Address 72$ E.
Call office.
WAS fireman 15 years on English ships; wishes
position as fireman on land; town or coun-
try. 440 Clementina
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— English second girl, 2 in family,
$20; cook for resort. Email nice place, $25;
French nursery governess, $25: waitresses for
restaurant. $5 and $6 a week; German cook,
no wash, $30, and a large number of girls for
housework and cooking in city, $20 and $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
WANTED — Cook and second girl, same house,
$45; 3 cooks, $25; nurse, $17; 4 waitresses, $20,
city and country; chambermaid and wait,
$20; chambermaid, $6 a week; cook, $2.5,
Berkeley; Newark. $25: Roes Valley, $25;
Mountain View. $25; laundress, hotel. $20;
laundress and chambermaid, $20; housework,
German cooking, $25. J. F. CROSETT &. CO..
316 Sutter St.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework, Ma-
. rin County, $15 per month and fare paid.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A LADY'S maid and seamstress, $30. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
. ■ — ■ — > — -
COOK. 2 In family, $25. short distance In the
country; cook, boarding-house, city, $25;
cook, small restaurant, $20, no Sunday work.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, San Rafael, $30, 3 In family, see lady
here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
6 WAITRESSES, $20- and $15, hotels and board-
ing- houses, city; 3 chambermaids and wait 1
meal, $15 each. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
2 SECOND girls, $20 and $25: a refined German
second girl. $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A REFINED middle-aged woman, small Amer-
ican family in the country. $10 per month;
light housework. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
HOUSEWORK, Belvedere, $25; Santa Cruz. $15;
10 housework girls, $20 and $25; 6 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A WOMAN with a child; $10 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Head waitress, country, $30; 10 waitresses,
different resorts and country hotels, $20 and
$25; 2 waitresses, same commercial hotel,
near city, $20; 5 waitresses, city hotels, $20;
lunch waitress, no Sunday work, $3; 2 women
cooks, $40 and $30; 3 chambermaids to wait
dinner, $20; 2 fancy Ironers, city.
FAMILY ORDERS
Housegirl, 2 in family, $25: 2 houFegirls for
Colusa. $20 and $25; 20 German and Swedish,
for cooking and housework, $20 and $25; girls
of all nationalities for cooking and general
housework, $15, $20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, $35; _ cooks, $2.' each; second girl, $20;
cook and second girl, same house. $25 and $20;'
nurse girl, $17. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
HOUSE girl. 3 In family, $25; middle-aged wo-
man, country, $20; cook, Menlo Park, $23.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist, $10; housekeeper, $10;
middle-aged woman, $15; house girl, $20. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED — Woman cook for men. also a good
girl for Livermore: 25 young girls for house-
. work in city, also n number of young girls to
assist; good chambermaid for city, wait 1
meal, $15; girl for downstairs work and cook-
Ing; cook for Institution, wages $35. MISS
DILLON, 315 Sutter St.; telephone Main 804.
HELP of all nationalities to fill various posi-
tions, $12-$25. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell.
FRENCH nurse girl, short distance, $15; nice
place. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
PROTESTANT woman cook for an Institution,
city. $30. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
WANTED — Good, reliable girl for cooking and
housework. Apply at 925 O'Farrell St., to-
day; call after 12.
WOMAN wanted for housework and cooking;
afternoons only; German preferred. Box 75, ■
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
sleep at home; $12 a month. Address 1615
Jones st.
WANTED— GirI or elderly woman for plain
housekeeping; 2 in family; wages $10. Call
229 Eleventh st.
FIRST-CLASS operators on vests; good wages
paid. Room 120, 6 Eddy st.
GIRLS for hand work on corsets at 231 Powell
st. D. CRONER & CO.
WANTED— GirI to work on fine coats; tailor-
ing. S. MANTYNBAND, 143 Larkin st.
NURSE girl; young girl preferred. 1714 Geary
street. __^ ;
WANTED— GirI for sewing and help with sec-
ond work. 1307 Hyde st.
NURSE girl— Young girl to help take care of
baby and 3 children. 1562 Post st.
EXPERIENCED restaurant waitress. 406 Mc-
Allister st.
WANTED— girl for general housework. ;
1018 Sutter st.
GIRL to assist in kitchen and dining room. 102
Bartlett St., cor. Twenty-second.
AN apprentice wanted to learn tailoring. Ap-
ply 347 Third st.
STRONG willing; girl for second work and ;
waiting; references. Apply 306 Leavenworth.
SMART girls wanted to learn tailoring; pay I
while, learning. 138 Rum st.
GIRL for light housework; good home. 138 i
Russ st.
YOUNG girl, wash silver and glasses; restaur-
a/it; sleep home. 313 O'Farrell st.
GOOD finishers on custom pants; steady work.
942 Folsom st.
WANTED— GirI for plain cooking and house- !
work; small family: wages $10. 172s Sutter. j
GIRL for hand and machine on coats; steady
work. 473' Teharna st.
WANTED — to take charge one office cor- '
poration, receive orders: simple duties; must |
Invest $2000. which will be amply secured; •
weekly salary; monthly dividends; investlga- ' '
tion permitted. Box 604. Call office.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school: trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction i '
guaranteed; terms easy; evening classes. SOS ; •
Leavenworth st.
WOMAN for housework and cooking; after- ■
noons only. Apply Monday, 227 San Jose aye. |
WANTED— French nursejjirl to take charge of ! .
baby 6 weeks old; French girl, English speak- i
ing, neat and experienced: must have refer-
ence. Apply at 2116 California st.
EXPERIENCED apprentices on custom pants.
1039 Howard st. <
WAITRESS, $3 a week; no Sunday work. Ad- '
ply bet. 9 and 10 Monday, 606 Mission st.
WANTED— GirI waitresses for evening. 431 ■,:
Bush st. ■
PLEASANT sunny room*; day or week; re- '
epectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
WANTED First-class finisher on pantaloons;
stuady work. 428 Vallejo st.
EXPERIENCED uhlrt operators; best price*; ]
steady employment. Eagleson Co., 635 Market.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— GirI who understands German cook-
ing; wages $25; references required. Call be-
tween 9 and 11, 1721 Jackson st.
UFbKA'll'tUi ... . C imi ' i iini'r*i*/.
LK\ k- t- 1 HA • >.- *'• '7 •■m.i.it St.
UELI' WANTED— MALI-.
WANTED— SingIe American foreman for ranch;
must understand fruit and general farming;
$500 year; references required. J. F. CROB-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 timbermen, mine, $2 75 day; ma-
chinist for country, $2 50 to $3 day; 7 black-
smiths for mines. jobbing shops and camps,
$2 50 day, $60 month and $40 and board; miner.
$2 50 day; machine man for planing mill, $40
and board; and many others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 10 railroad laborers, $1 75, $2 and
$2 50 day; 15 laborers for brickyard, $25 to $30
arid board; 10 laborers for mill yard, $1 50 day;
laborers about mine, $26 and bpard; pick and
shovel men, "$1 75 and $2 day; woodchoppers;
tie makers; 2 timber fellers, $40 and board;
milkers. $25, $26 and $30: farmers, $1 day; 10
teamsters, $1 75 and $1 90 day. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butler, $35; restaurant and hotel
cooks, kitchen men and waiters and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento St.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT MONDAY FROM 7 A. M
500 laborers $2 day and $175
600 teamsters $2 day and $1 75
55 rockmen, drillers, etc $3 and $2 50 day
For S. P. Coast Division
We ship daily via Third and Townsend st.
depot
Free Free Fare Free
Office Fee Only $1
WAGES
$90. $S5, $80, $75, $70. $65. $60, $55. $50, $45 to $15
and found
3289 men and strong. boys wanted for Ari-
zona, Oregon. Washington. Hawaiian Islands
and all parts of California
WE WANT HELP FOR GOLD MINES, SIL-
VER AND COAL MINES
WE WANT HELP FOR
Quarries, horseshoeing-, blacksmith, machine
and wheelwright shops, factories
mills and buildings
WE WANT HELP FOR
Dairies, orchards, vineyards,' ranches, farm?, j
wine cellars, cheese and butter factories j
WE WANT HELP FOR I
Hotels ■. Restaurants and saloons
Cafes Butcher shops Bakeries, i
Laundries Candy stores Factories
WE WANT HELP FOR
Sawmills, woods, S. P., S. J. V. Railroads
and a hundred other different branches of
trades
WAGES
$90. 186, $SO. $75. $70, $65, $60. $55, $45, 440, $35,
$30, $25, $20. $15 and found per month
COME ONE— COME ALL
We gave positions to 17,643 men during the
year of 1897 :
We gave positions to 18,961 men during the
year of 1898.
76 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent places, $26, $25. $20 and found
14 choremen and boys for ranches, etc., $26,
$25, $20 and $10 and found: 16 milkers. $30, $25
and $20 and found, different places; 9 hay-
makers, different parts of California. $1 2." day
15 fruit pickers, men and boys
$20 and $15 and found
TO THE GOLD MINES
Gold miner, $2 50 day; 2 laborers, gold mine,
$2 day; 12 laborers, no experience required,
$1 90 and $2 day '■
10 coal miners 50c to 75c car
.6 slate splitters, $2 50 day; 10 blockmakers,
$2 50 day -
3 diamond drillers $3 10 day
...... FOR SAWMILLS AND WOODS
154 laborers, no experience required, $26 and
found
2 head donkey men $40 and found
3 spool tenders $30 and found
. 2 setters Steams' blocks $52 and found
186 woodchoppers,' tools furnished, $2 and $1
cord; 194 ■ tiemakers, tools furnished, Be. 9c
to 12c each
READ THESE
Working foreman, ranch, $30 and found, So-
noma County: 7 stablemen, different Jobs, $30,
$26 and $20 and found
Can washer, city Job $30
Bricklayer
IN SAN FRANCISCO
10 two-horse teamsters
$26 and found and $175 day
34 laborers, different Jobs, $1 75 day and $30
and found .'
.... BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS ....
7 blacksmiths and horseshoers, $3, $2 50 day
and $50 and found; 3 machinists, shop in
country, $3 and $2 50 day: 6 blacksmiths,
camps and ranches. $35 and $30 and found....
FOR EVERY RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA
536 laborers :..$2 and $1 75 day
34S teamsters $2 and $1 75 day
Office fee only $1 on all railroad Jobs
MURRAY & READY.
:.. 634-636 Clay st.
~~14 cooks, different jobs, $50. $40* $30 and $25;
18 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $25 and
$20 and $15
Bellboy Elevator boy
7 waiters ....$25, $20 and $30 and found
2 porters 2 assistant bakers
2 laundrymen Boy for store
3 second cooks $30
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay ?t.
. . ATTENTION
Wanted For the S. P. Coast Railroad
All the men we can get for tunnel work,
track laying, teaming, laboring, concrete
mixing, wheelbarrow work stone-
masons Tent repairer.
Wages from $3 to $175 a day Free fare
Call to-day ready to go this morning or to
sign to go Tuesday morning.
Free Fare Office Fee $1 Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
C. R HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANT TO-DAY
Head laundryman, hotel, $60 and found; wash-
er, hotel, $45 and. found; box mangier. $35 and
found; both free fare, see party here 10 a. m. ;
hand laundryman, $30 and found, for springs;
2 bellboys with references, $16 60; waiter, $7 a
week; waiters, country hotels, $25; cook, small
resort near city, $40 and found; cook, $40,
country restaurant; baker's helper, $20: dish-
washer, summer resort. $20; fry cook, $40;
and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
2 TIMBER fellers, boss here, $40; axmun. $26;
screw setter, $50 and found: spool tender, $35:
4 laborers for the woods, $30 and found; hay-
makers, $1 25 a day and board; vegetable gar-
dener. Institution, $2.'»: blacksmith. $2 50 a day;
blacksmith's helper, $35 and found and $1 25 a
day' and found: 2 quartz miners, $2 a day and
found, see boss here, fare advanced; milker,
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED WANTED
Baker for country shop, fare paid, $45 and
found; 2 more bricklayers for mine, free fare
both ways, $3 per day and board: 10 brick-
makers, for yard near city. $30 and board;
quarryman near city, good job, $2 50 per day:
4 laborers for mine, steady Job, $1 75, and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED
Man about private place near city: see party
here: $25 to $30 per month and found. W. D
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED
Stableman for country stable. $30 and found
and Increase: blacksmith for country shop
near city, $40 and found: blacksmith helper
for shop near city. $30 and board
10 farmers near city $25 and $26
4 milkers ■ $30
crosscut' sawyer for mill near city. $30 and
board; cobbler for Institution near city, $20
and found: cook for private place near city
$20; stableman for ranch near city, $25 and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
ASSISTANT Janitor. $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife as cook and gardener, country
$40; 2 In family. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter!
SECOND cook. $50: waiter, $25, country hotel
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— Man who understands nursery and
florist business. JOHN CARLSON. 500
Haight st.
3 SHOEMAKERS; old house; steady work Call
ready to work at once, 562 Mission st.
WANTED— Good waiter. Apply 3 Jackson st.
BOY at Lick Laundry, 9 Lick place.
SOBER experienced bedmaker; wages $16 and
room. 149 Third st.
BARBER wanted, young man preferred, at
112'^ Eddy st.
GOOD shoemakers wanted for custom repair-
■ Ing; steady work. 961 Mission st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
bath rooms. 120 Geary st.
WANTED— at 125 Seventh st.
WANTED— Young dishwasher. 1390 Turk st.
SIGN painting; boy or young man; steady
work. 79 Third st. ' _^
WANTED— Male cook. Eastlake Hotel, cor.
Bay and Webster gts. '
WANTED — Good coatmaker. Inquire 235
Third st. ; steady work.
WANTED— Vegetableman. 406 Ellis st.
WANTED— Tailor on custom coats; steady
work. 40 Ellis St., room 52.
BARBERS— Good shop for sale in country;
shaving. 25c DECKELMAN BROS, 106 Ellis.
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
road; apply at Stone's camp, near Giant sta-
tion;- wages. $1 75 to $1 90: also first-class
tunnel men; apply at Point Richmond; wages
$1 75. $2 and $2 £0. E. B. STONE. San Pablo.
GREEN hands for voyage to Alaska, good
wages, at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
IN Santa Cruz Co., 10 to 12 woodchoppers;
steady work. Apply 40 California st., room 8.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast an J
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Carriage woodworker. Bay View
Carriage Factory, San Rafael.
FARM hands wanted. Call at Golden Eagle
Hotel. Mari'svlllc. Cal.
HELP WASTED— Con tinned^^
RECRUITS wanted for the United Slates Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the age* of 21 and M
rears, who are citizens of the United States.
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be or gooa
character and habits and able to speak, re*.,
and write English, and be between 5 feet »^
Inches and 6 feet 1 Inch In height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Kills St.. San Francisco. Cal.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the lesla
coal mines, Alameda County. Cal. ; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during tn»
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor Is required,
«nd miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
ere not advised to come SAN FRANCIbLO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required; constant practice: catalogue free.
Moler's Barber College, 625 Clay st.
150 MEN lor cleanest houses in city. 'Central
House." 871 Market, and "Branch House.
$61: 15c to 60c night; all dally papers.
BRICKLAYERS and plasterers— About 4 or 5
that are acquainted with East: others to
work at Hllo, Hawaiian Islands; no money
needed. Call on Monday morning at room I<3.
Occidental Hotel, at 9 o'clock, and every day
at same hour for 3 days. A. RICHLEY.
MEN wanted— Teamsters, shovelers and drill-
men on railroad being built by CAMPBELL
& BUCKMAN, between Sonora and Summer-
ville, Tuolumne County; take boat to Stock-
ton and then train to Oakdale, and then
from Oakdale to Sonora; fare from Oakdalo
$1. which will be returned if men work o0
days. Apply to E. C. SHERWOOD superin-
tendent on the work, or A. E. BLCKMAN.
302 Montgomery st . room 4.
WANTED— man to qualify for posi-
tion of trust; salary $900. Inclose reference
and self-addressed stamped envelope to Di-
rector, care Call office. __
FIRST-CLASS tunnel superintendent; good sal-
ary: references required; state experience.
Apply box 7848, Call office.
WANTED— men to ' occupy rooms: 10c per
nisht. 60e to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know^"
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still ,/ v
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138 M: Eighth st.
TO go this week— 6oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st..
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open S a. m. to 9 p. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
' 50c. 5C2 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
300 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 250
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o room*, day.
week or mo.; rates. 26c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
260 MSN wanted to room "New Adelaide'"
House, 614 Howard, cor. New Montg.; single.
]oc. 15c night: 60c. 90c week: reading room.
mn BE H Be^:Te C T.%O4 U ?tn?\e^7es- 1^:
SINGLE rooms, 16c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wR. Elcho House. 863H Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. ___
WANTED-Sailors^or Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis St.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Kn.-x Collection Agency 112 Slitter st.
AGENTS WANTED.
EVERYWHERE to sell Magic Sole and Heel
Protectors: sample prepaid, 10c. BROUN,
332 Bush st. — *
WANTED— Good reliable men as general or
local agents for the -best acetylene gas gen-
erator on the market: commission liberal and
permanent work for the right man.- Apply to
P. O. box 243, Seattle, Wash.
ANY one desiring to make money call at 962
Seventh St.. room 30, Oakland. 10 to 12 a. m.
PROPERTY WANTED.
A WELL-KNOWN and prosperous manufactur-
ing company, located In the East, desires to
receive offers of manufacturing property; 40,-
-000 to 70,000 square feet, with or without build-
ings.
Locations on railroad and tide water prs-
ferred.
Steady employment to about 200 hands,
probably Increasing to double; also gives em-
ployment to boys and girls; answers must ha
explicit as to location: no personal Interviews
granted. Box 60s, Call office.
COTTAGE— North of Market st. : good locatt-m;
street work done. Address with full par-
ticulars box 710. Call office.
WANTED— House and lot; $1500 cash. WIL-
LARD. box 606. Call office. _^
WANTED— .MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst. 1
PIANO, safe, carpets, curtains, etc., also sur-
rey and team, etc., for board at summer
hotel near Coif ax. A. T.. room 200. Safe De-
posit San Francisco. _^
AMATEUR musicians to Join orchestra for so-
cial purposes. 828 Bush Ft., room 4.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining: as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL — Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st.
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 60. Flood build-
ing, S. H. TARR. Principal: pupils fitted
for all office work; course in bookkeeping;
rapid calculations unequaled: short time.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms: low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil. electrical, mln-
lng, mech. survey, assay, archi.: day ft eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
!n»ss College. .30-, Larkin St.. opr.. City Hall.
ATTORN AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. " Ma~
quire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-555 Market St.; tel. South 215. ;. ,-
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor, Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases: wills, contracts,
etc.. drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free: of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels bldg.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn, J±
L. P. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
M and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
WHEN vcu hecome disgusted with poor work
fend to' SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
6TRATTO.VS 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 9«.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14t*
*t. ; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning- Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 345.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 323 Gold*o
Gate «v«.: tel. East IK - .-.»..'• ■■■'.
LOST.
LIBERAL reward— Lost downtown. Saturday
evening, a round, jeweled pin: small value
to tinder: family heirloom. Return to 932
Sutter st. ■ \ r v-
LOST— Amethyst and diamond screw earring-
suitable reward. F. SCHMIDT. 301 Leaven-
worth st.
WAVY coated black dog; answers to the name
of Monk; tag 711. Finder return to H \
BUTTERS. Hillside aye.. Piedmont; suita-
ble reward. . . .
ALASKA ENTERPRISES. ~
DEWEY Navigation and "Trading^Cornnan^-4i
will dispatch their first vessel on or about
June 10. 1899. for St. Michael. Cape Nome and
Kotzebue Sound. Contracts for passenirer4
and freight must be made with the general
apply no outside agents. For particulars
California at., room 6. HBUSINESS CHANCES.
A- 55".0 ; SALOON doing a good business; Mar-
ket and Seventh sts.; rent $40; a bargain. R.
G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s.">o<»; SALOON, doing a first-class business;
estub. years; 50 feet I rom 'all I Ids. ; account
of sickness. Particulars R. G. Wllke. dOi Mkt.-
-*— $16« V»: corner grocery and bar; living rooms;
one-half Mock from Wleland'u Brewery; daily
receipts about $2G; cash trade, only; a rare
chance. Call R. G. \\ ILK I 906 Market st.
A— s7oo; corner saloon with 3 entrances; .estab-
lished 30 years; doln;; a rushing business;
larce stock; very best location, about one
block from The Call. K. G. WILKE, $06 Mar-
ket st.
A— slsoo; restaurant with 0 furnished rooms In
Contra Costa County; 60 steady boarders be-
fiiles large transient custom; meals 2oc; rent
$46; clearing above $173 per month. Call R.
G. WILKE, SO6 Market st.
A-s."^ou; OLD-Kt-TAiiL,ISHED and well-paying
saloon, including 17 furnished rooms and
branch bakery: rent $34; lease; kept by own-
ers years; a bargain. It. G. WILKE, 906
Market st.
$450— BRANCH bakery and stationery )re in
the Mission; living rooms; rent $18; average '
daily receipts $10. Call R. G. WILKE, 908
Market *•
$2(>i>— CORNER saloon: rent $35; California and
Market sts. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
?3.»— STATIONERY, notions and cigar store:
NAT'L AGENCY, 78SU Market st.
PHOTO-ENGRAVING, publishing and printing
business: a sacrifice. Nat. Agency, 753V4 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS saloon, north of Market, $2500;
paying saloon, location best, $1000: cheap
restaurant, pays well, must sell, $200. GER-
g MAN-AMERICAN, 34 Kearny st.
$250— SALOON; north Market; doing gooa bust- J
ness; owner sick; mutt sell. JONKS & CO.,
$65 Market st. .
$175— BARBER shop; 5 chairs: laundry agency.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market *t.
$:u«.I— PARTNER wanted in established busi- j
ness: two places to look • after; plenty of,
work: no experience; trial Riven. 265 O'Farrell. j
A FIRST-CLASS saloon on East st., nr. Mar-
ket: ..n account of ill health; at LANE .t I
CONNELLY'S. 204 Market st.
FOR sale or will take partner in one of the
best little businesses in Oakland; no nlghl or
Sunday work. Apply 515 Eighth St.. naklanii. [
PARTNER, )ad> or gentleman, with $T5; act
as treasurer with vaudeville show, l^x iia.
Call office.
BARBERS-2-chair shop for sa:e. 1 Spear Et.,
near Market.
WANTED— A party experienced in hotel busi-
ness as a partner In taking charge 01 a l.ne
hotel; capital required $1000; also a furnished
hotel to rent cigar store traust be sold at
once), $mo: grocery an. l bar. to he sola oy
May -J_ $150. We have splendid opportunities
in all classes of business; before buying cah
at our office: Germ.in. French. Spanish ami
English spoken. PACIFIC COAST i*EX-
f- CHANGE, rooms 2-3. UO7S Market, nr. Mixth.
PARTNER I/wanted in a flrst-class hotel mew)
of 23.". rooms in a city in California of 35,000
inhabitants; only one other Brst-claas hotel in
the city; present owner is a tirst-class hotel
man; nee.l of a partner with about $10,000 to
furnish new addition is only reason for wish-
ing to sell a half Interest; business for April
showed n rront of $SOO. For further parti-
culars address I box \6U;i Call, of OccQ;
BARGAIN -S.m Rafael; comer of G St., opp.
West En.l narrow-gauge depot; 2-story house
containing 7 larce rooms yj stairs, saloon and
large sitting-room and 2 rooms downstairs;
sj.lenrliJ chance for a business man; lot 130 x !
luO; fronting on 3 streets. Inquire premise?, j
RES< HT -Sunset oyster and refreshment
house, half way between Cliff House and In-
gleslde, on Ocean boulevard; for sale or lease
(furnished); or will take a partner; will open
cJ. .i:t June-1. Apply to room 11. 632 Market
s:., or on tiie premises.
J. 1 -•- -INTEREST in ration; honorable
business; investment secured; investor handle
money himself; further developing business; I
weekly salary; man of ordinary ability suffi-
cient; investigation permitted. Box 604. Call.
A— PARTNER wanted; light business; clear
$75 each. Cicrar stand; chean; sickness cause
of selling. Saloon; a bargain: $100 clear a j
month. Coal yard; cheap; death cause of
selling. Western -Investment Co., 9 Geary.
TO intended Eastern purchasers of profitable
orchards, legitimate exchanges, first mort-
gage loans and for further information from I
a Santa Clara Valley Orchard Agency of
Cniifornia write to box 711. Call office.
WANT a few good men to Invest $l'» 0; carpen-
ters preferred: good wages paid; investment
will pay $100 month besides wagt-s: the $MOO
returned in 12 months; personal interview for
particulars. Box M 3. Call office.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— A >Iry goods, fancy
goods and millinery store, located at Hoilis-
ter (county seat); stock about $8000, in gooi
condition, will sell at creat sacrifice; crop i
prospects first class. Apply nt 134 Sixth st.
$10.C»«t WANTED to finish machinery for de-
veloped gold mine: each SIOOO invested will 1
pay $22, ".00 yearly dividends; investment and j
dividends guaranteed; particulars at personal ,
Interview. Box 567. Call office. I
SHOEMAKER— A rare chance; for sale, cheap; j
leather, last, tools, patching machine, etc.; 1
mile from Stanford University. Inquire
French shoemaker. Mayfleld, Cal.
WELL-PAYING jewelry store, established 17
years, for. sale on account of departure for
Europe; watch repair work a specialty. Ap-
ply to GEO. STEAD, 81SV4 Third st.
PARTNER, experienced salesman preferred,
to handle mon»y-making store article: newly
patented: small capital required. Box 755,
Call office.
FOR sale cheaf.— Steam cleaning and dyeing
works, doing a first-class business. 20 Locust
ft Santa Cruz. Cal^
BLACKSMITH shop and tools cheap: clearing
over $150 month. Address MRS. E., 3^3 Fifth.
Al SALOON; good location; cheap. Inquire at
WICHMAN; LI.'TGKN & CO., 31S-322 Clay st.
SHOE shop; must be sold: good paying busi-
ness; 1 room furniEhed; good prices. 332 Bush.
FOR sale cheap, second-hand baker's oven. At
Coal Yard. 17 Mission st.
SEE BASILE, S73Vi Market St.. to buy or pell
your business: lodging houses a specialty.
NEW and complete furniture of a flat for sale,
cheap; b»st »tove and linen. 912.i Pierce st.
cal! from 1 to 4 p. m.
LADY partner wanted in an office enterprise;
g-jod scholar with s-mall capital required. Box
Call rffice.
FOR SALF.— Fruit store; good chance. 130
j Eighth jet.; no agents__ .
BARBERS— Shop for sale cheap; one chair; 15c
and 2"c. Information 204.' Mission St.
PALOON: chpap; East st.. near Folsom; low
rent. Inquire Call office.
$110— HARFiKK shop; 2 chairs and fixtures; good
location; ?30 cash. Inquire Call office.
SALOON for *ale at SO Jackson st., between
Davis anil Drumm.
BARBER shop with living rooms for Kale at
lfil2U Folsom st. .
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL. & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
ROUTE on thin paper for tale. Apply this ;
FOR SALE— .MISCELLANEOUS.
-
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & wOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
COMBINED punch and shears; medium size
screw cutting lathe. 64S Mission st.
'ALL of the n-maining furniture, carpets, cur-
tains, etc., of the Alexandria Hotel, removed
to the big store in Odd Fellows' building.
Market St., near Seventh, to be clow out at
once regardless of value; open evenings till 8.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, oftloe furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; now and second-hand.
J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1022 Mission hi..
above Sixth.
A AN OVERSTOCK ■
St. Germain Billiard Co,, 409 Market M. ; all
Etyles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; Installmls.
ELEGANTLY fitted up store, including shelv-
ing, counters and 5 silver-mounted showcases;
living rooms in rear; long lease; rent $20.
2f,6 Third at. ,
SCHOONER Lotus in good condition., fully
equipped: a bargain. 4 Falmouth, or LEE'S
Boathnuse, Long Bridge. \<».
GASOLINE engines— l h. r>. '■:■". 2 h. p. $12.'., 3
h.p. ».-,Q. 4 h. p. $17;. Smith Co., r.27 Mission.
A BREECH-LOADING shotgun for $15; cost
originally $22. T.'ncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
A-SUITS m.-id* to order for $35 at $12 50. MIB-
FIT CJ.OTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery.
TO campers— Folding tents for sale from $1 M
up. Room 24. Flood building.
A-J3 &Q DERBY and Fedora hat*, $1 75. Tbpu-
jar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap Iron and
__g-gta.ja_boußht. B. F. I. V.. 204 Mission st.
aVrniTE^a'? lant ' corn '' let<? : boiler, engine, etc
__!21_§Z___i^2"^^8t machlnery -
F ' J yJ}!i'iS' oun^ rs ' showcases, helving, mirrors,
__bought, Koli and exchanged. 1063 Mission fit.
SA £ i A !!'! r^ s 'r-. new and "econd hand. THE
Sacramento St
r fl. L y£ n !? N ' X'K ' m l n "Achment <f>nly). $15: will
nt piiQnoj^r graphophone. Baclgalupl, «33 Mkt.
FAFICS-R.irgains In m-w and second hand, all
t-jy-s: half .Tigmal cost. K.?-in Market. S. V.
piiysicTansTT"
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL^ offlcs nnri residence,"
1021 Market at., bet. 6th and 7th.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
16- ROOM house; clears $S0; only $350
110-room corner house; clears $500 5500
18-room house on Turk Bt 700
65-room house to exch'ge for small house. 3000
- 10-room house on Taylor st • 800
24-room house on Market st 900
15-roonv house on Howard st..' 600
22-room; new; cost $4500 1800
24 rooms on Geary st 625
26 rooms; corner house S.">o
14 rooms on O'Farrell st 350
12-room house; large yard; downtown — 400
15 rooms: clears $100; only 300
12 rooms: exchange for large house 600
E4-room house: clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. sth.
9 ROOMS $125 15 rooms $200
7 rooms 200 2S rooms 550
7 rooms 225 IS rooms 750
£0 others clearing $50 to $300; money loaned.
National Agency, >:; : - Market st.
ALL of the remaining furniture, carpets, cur-
tains, etc., Of tlie Alexandria Hotel, removed
to the big store in Odd Fellows' building.
Market rt . near Seventh, to be closed out at
once regardless of value; open evenings till S.
THE furniture of 15 rooms In whole or In part;
steady roomers if taken at once. Address
box B. Call branch office, 357 Hayes st.
POST, 239, corner Stockton— Sunny corner suites
ana single rooms; centrally located; to gen-
tlemen and families: all conveniences: refer-
ences given; elevator.
jjr.o n ROOMS; near Third and Market; rent
}2il. National Agency. TS3'-.. Market St.
; -FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALL of tlio remaining furniture, carpets, cur-
tains, etc . of the Alexandria Hotel, removed
to the big store in Odd Fellows' building-,
Market st.. near Seventh, to be closed out at
once rreardless of. value; open evenings til! 8.
CHIFFONIER, couch, stair carpet, kitchen
table, rocker, mattresses yearly new. WHIT-
ING, 311 Polk St.; no dealers..
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton «t.
« ROOMS- furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
i ranee King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate ami approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Putt.-
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
26. tt and 30 O'Farrell pt. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; term? eaay: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
$55— ELEGANT niano for sale on $5 Install-
ments; cost $400. Call ill.": Post st.
R. A. DANIELS Is now with . BYRON
MAtZT, 30S to 312 Post St.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
A NEW Chickering and 3 Steinways. Keeffe's,
1019 Van Ness, nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 706.
BARGAINS — Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A— sSs; UPRIGHT piano in tine condition; alao
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbemia Hank.
KNABE pianos; new rcale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st,^
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. I
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly-
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HORSES.
HORSE and wagon for sale: cheap. Corner
Pierce and Eddy sts,. Maud S Stables.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken busi-
ness' nd work horses. Chase & Mendenhall,
successors Killip &Co salesyard. 1731 Mkt.
25 HEAD of fine driving, carriage and draft
horses: 1100 to 1700 lbs.; 5 to 7 years old. Can I
be seen at 1623 Powell St.. near Union.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies, |
cart?, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
527 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
I.IVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. I
FOR Fair — 10 horses and mules at old Turk-st. j
rar stahles. nil Turk st.
\VAGO\S AND CARRIAGES.
PHAETON, horse and harness; a fine oppor- |
tunity for a person wanting an elegant out- 1
fit. Apply 314 Washington st.
100 SETS tecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Fo'snm st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS ~
GEO. MAYKKLE. German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op- :
■ ticians. 1071% Market St.. S. V.; examlna-
tlon free; open evenings
MEDICAL. ~~
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
In her a true friend; a home fur patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi- I
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5. No In- !
struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER.
ajTFnt for Berlin Prescription Co.'s Infallible
pills 510 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkln; of-
fice hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to S; Sun-
days, 4 to S p. m.
a TREATMENT, that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what- :
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel- |
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
Fame day; no Instruments used: cure at office,
J" . home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larktn; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.: Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods: strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near and far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth: tel. Howard 424.
This well-known ladies' physician will leave
for Europe May 25. in order to gain knowledge
which Is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit of her many pat-
rons on her return In August.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
E0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed- any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay self-cure spnt; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market at.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause- positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped in-
stantly consultation free nnd confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st,. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sunday. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress. In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men a
knowledge: cure. J5: restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free- ladles' physician, practice 37 years,
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny Bt.
A— DR O. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties from whatever cause. Dr. O Donnell tins
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure- consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. mm Market at.
DR and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye —Private home In confinement, with every
comfort best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free: Infants adopted Into good
homes: call before consulting others.
DB. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m. "
LADIES— Chlehester-s English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, Fafe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladies'.'; letter. by return. mail; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
AT I married ladles know "SegUtO/ 1 th- great-
Ist boon to them. Richard v& Co 406 Clay
Ft • $1 50. fend 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
giiro Mfg. Co.. 531 X Bt., Sacramento. Cal .
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; reli-
able- safe sure: maternity home: no instru-
ments; consultation free, confidential: home
treatment, $5. PRB. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st. -Instant re-
l:. for monthly troubles or money back; ss up.
DR WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHF.APFST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United State« or Canada. on« year for 11.
postage paid. . . , 1
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 22, 1899.
PERSONALS.
PROF. MERGENS & CO.— Mineral baths; most
wonderful remedy for paralysis, rupture,
sore eyes, etc. 218 Eddy St., Ist tloor.
LEDEREH'S Quintonlca is the only reliable
hair tonic; keeDs the hair clean and glossy;
35c a hot. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, charges
but 2.ic; this week he will offer all his $1 hair
switches at 75c; good quality and length. G.
LBDERER, 123 Stockton st.
ALL of the remaining furniture, carpets, cur-
tains, etc., of the Alexandria Hotel, nmoved
to the big store in Odd Fellows' bulldins.
Market st., near Seventh, to be closed out at
once regardless of value; open evenings till 8.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
WANTED- Th.- address of any one seeing lady
hurt on Howard st. car between Fourth ani
Fifth sts. Thursday. 18th inst. Please ad-
dress. WM. A. AKIN. 3062 Twenty-fourth st.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Guerrero st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
JOHN L. BOONS, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Uw, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., I-*iw a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Soltctted.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 SO to $tj per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteh^ads
or statements printed, Jl 50; send for sam-
ples. BLF.Y, printer, 511 Sacramento St.;
phone Main 1836.
JOSEPH QREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes. S2. 14 and tb monthly; single lessons,
J6 U weekly^; $10 (2 w.); $15 t3 w.»: $20 i 4 w )
and $25 (every ci:iy a lesson 1. I23fi Market st
U. Z. SI'SAKI & CO.. manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all Xinas
of Japanese crockery, basketware. tiS Haight.
T. BRILLIANT, MB-S4O Post st., will sell you
furtilturr. carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits. et>-.. on very easy paymei I
COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton st^
REELY'S Hog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate % ave. ;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
sili iIITHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner building.
DON'T mles Professor Merki's annual concert
nnd ball. Wed., May 24. Union Sij. Hall; 2.V.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or
der. K. YOSHITARI, 313 Sinter st.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsoin St.
A CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Snnsome st^
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market Bt.. bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on installments nt cash prices;
$1 a week. N V. Tailoring Co., US Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr.Gordin.sl4 Plne.ab.Keann .
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $B;bed lounges
$4 50; open eve's. L. J. NKUMANN, 121 Sixth.
WAXTKIt nid gold for manufaenx. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 24s O'Farrell, bet. Powell £• Mason.
CEMETERY fences; best work; lowest prices.
DOUGLAS, Central aye., bet. Hush and I'lne.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary st. ; dresses made, $5
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
Sl'lßlTl \I.I>M.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clalivoyajH; treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $L 232 Stockton s^
MRS s SlKi' psychometrlst ; 11 to 5: 60c;
circles evenings except Sat . 10c 1724 Market.
MRS. MKNA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. US Haight St.
MRS ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8; 25c; gittlngs. $1. 233 Valencia it
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opined an office n\ ?■!.'> O'Fnrrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. SYLVESTER, the celebrated clairvoy-
ant, palmist and card reader, returned from
abroad opened parlors at 112 Mason st., near
Ellis: hours 9 a. m. to <> p. m. : open Sundays;
fee 2.",e: fur ladies only; card reading at prl-
vntr- entertainment?.
MMX PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second j
Bight: diagnoses disease; full life reading; ia-
dies, 60c; gents, $1: sit., }1 50. 126 Turk st.
M!:s MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay. '-'34U Sixth.
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post, room 7.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 2r»c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
RETURNED EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. ISO Bills st., parlors i and 7.
MISS QRACE HAYS, card reader and mag.
netist. 207 Powell St., rooms f« and 6.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to 865 1 * Market St., rooms S-9.
MME. HANSON, palmist and • ard reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, r. 12.
MIPS EVA BHELDON, celebrated card reader
from Portland, Or., 17 Grant aye., room 6.
CLAIRVOYANT. < ard reader. 10c: iadies only.
£43 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned reveaier, first
In her profession: never fails. 325 A Sutter st.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market Ft., room t.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. 118 Grant aye, r. 15, second floor.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A FAURE. card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny St., r. 34; French and English spoken.
MME. KTTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3, 095 Market Bt.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WFKKS news for 5 cen'ts-The Weekly Call,
16 pases, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Gar.
main*. 61$ Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall, $I. '
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist.
916 Bush Bt.. between Taylor and Jones.
DEHTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
frowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teetb
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from. $5; crowns, J3 50; fillings, 60c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PAIU^ORS. 24 r !lxth St.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
Hithout plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M D.. Manager.
Br7 GEORGE W. LEEK: 20 O Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crownp, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. Vt; received 8 first
prizes: no students; cuaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns, X: gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 9fi3 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings nnd Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market «t.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
Fpecialty; all work reasonable: gas plven.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; teeth wltout plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY PEN-
TAL PARLORS. R Mason st-.. corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist, 969 Mission St., corner
Sixth. .
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. 50c up: crowns.
$3 up: open ev'gs. S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
SET~of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOT7NG 1341 Polk »t.
storage:.
I'IKKCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
DON'T store In cellars. See O. M. JUDSON
& CO.. 1153 Howard st.: advances made.
PIERCE- ROPOLPH Storage and Moving 00,
Office, 401 Post st., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
CAI.A. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay -25.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 31L
HOUSES TO LET.
635 Webster; 5 r....523 144 Clipper; 9 r $18
3C16 Sixteenth; 6 r... 16 509% Leav'w'th; 5 r. 16
1207 Sanchez; 5 r.... 10 930 Guerrero; 6 r..... 20
650 Jessie;. 3 r...... 9! 625 Valencia; 7 r 20
232 Natoma; 3 r.... -9|705 Ellis: 6 r... 2o
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A— 6 ROOMS, bath; nice yard; reduced to $14.
121 Sliver st., between Third and Fourth.
FINE sunny pleasant house, 7 rooms, in per-
fect condition: 3886 Twenty-first st., near
Guerrero; very desirable home; electric cars;
low rent to" good tenant. Key at corner.
GREENWICH, 902, NW. cor. of Taylor—
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard;- basement;
sunny side; rent $25. ■ ,
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. '
JESSIE 351, near Emporium— of 6 rooms,
bath, hot and cold water: lower front room
would make a nice workshop; rent $.0.
LAGUNA, 1717— House of S rooms, bath; base-
ment :' yard ; newly papered^
SEE the sunny 9-room house. 26 Franklin St.,
oft Market; fine for renting- rooms.
VERY pleasant sunny house; corner Twenty-
first and Guerrero sts.; 12 rooms; large gar-
den- lawn; flowers: stable: electric cars; low
rent to good tenant. Key at corner opposite.
VERY pleasant sunny house. 7 rooms, in per-
fect condition; 3388 Twenty-first St.. next to
corner Guerrero; electric cars; low rent to
good tenant. Key at corner.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; 9 Laskie St., be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, off Mission; rent
reasonable. MADISON & BURKE.
PARTLY furnished house: modern conveni-
ences; 2533 Mission. Room 24, Flood building.
SAN CARLOS. San Mateo County- For rent for'
three months or longer to small family, a
pleasant furnished house of S rooms. For
particulars address station agent.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON. 333— 3-room cottage; yard and
chicken-house; $5 month. Ban Mateo cars to
Thirty-fourth st.
BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms. 1624 Devisa-
dero St., near Sutter. ( -
FINE cottages reduced from $15 to $12. A. M.
SPECK & CO., «67 Market. __^
SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms, bath; stable; rent
$19. Box 663, Call office. -
BUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; flat of 6 rooms,
bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
ADELAIDE place, 8, off Taylor, near Post-
Lower flat, 4- nice sunny rooms. $12.
FLAT hunting made -easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
LOWER flat, 5 rooms, reasonable; also house,
4 rooms and stable, cheap to right parties.
S2OH Jessie st., off Ninth. '
LOWER flat, 5 rooms, bath and yard; rent $13.
1579 Turk st.
MOST desirable new sunny 6-room flat and
bath. Chelsea place, off Bush Bt., between
Stockton and Powell. '
NEAR City Hall, elegant top flat, 6 rooms,
bath; all latest Improvements. 12 Grove st.
NEW sunny modern flats, 1603 Broderlck
«st., 9 rooms; 1609 Broderlck St., 6 rooms; rents
reduced. ■ '
NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath: cheap. Belcher
St.. bet. 13th and 14th, near Markei.
SUNNY flat of 5 rooms, -bath; rent reasonable.
31S Capp St., bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
TO let— New modern flat. Corner of San Jose
aye. and Twenty-ninth st.
TURK. 52(>B— Sunny flat, 4 rooms; large base-
ment; rent $12; no children.
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St.. near Flllmore.
2 NEW sunny flats, .' rooms each; low rent;
stable with one., 3753 Twenty-fourth st.
2 NEW, sunny, modern flats, 1603 Broderick
st., 9 rooms;. 1609 Broderick St., 6 rooms;
rents reduced. J. JACOBS.
4 NEW fiats, 4 and 3 rooms and bath; ranges;
hot and cold water; linoleum; rent $6 and $10.
Box 716, Call office.
$10— LOWER flat, 4 sunny .rooms. 27 Pearl St.,
off Market, near Valencia.
$11, $12. $13— SUNNY flats; range; hot and cold
water. 101 Prospect place, cor. Sacramento.
$12— CORNER upper flat, i rooms and bath.
Apply grocery corner 24th and Florida sts.
FURNISHED FLATS.
LOVELY furnished flat; fine marine view. 1317
Leavenworth/ st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY. 305—2 large front housekeeping; also
single room; private family; reasonable.
EDDY. 62S— Parlor floor, 3 or 4 elegantly fur-
nished' sunny housekeeping rooms; bath; gas;
running water; nice neighborhood; reference.
ELLIS, 635. near Larkin— Nicely furnished front
alcove room, kitchen and bath; furnished for
light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front housekeeping
room; complete; bath; private; $S, or 2. $10.
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— 3 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard; water; $10.
FOLSOM, 794— 510; 2 large sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
FOURTH, 225— Housekeeping rooms from $1 a
week up; also single.
GEARY, 596 2 or 3 connecting sunny front
rooms furnished for housekeeping. Apply bet.
10 and 4.
GEARY, 1917— $18;, for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves, gas and
coal.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—3 sunny rooms; gas;
bath; hot and cold water; newly furnished.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove: use of telephone. f
GUERRERO, 129, near Fourteenth—
ing rooms; reasonable.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— 2 desirable
sunny housekeeping rooms; use of parlor;
reasonable.
HOWARD, 640, nr. Sunny bay-window m»;
also single; 25, 75c night; $1. $2 50 week.
HOWARD, 1068— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete: all conveniences: $1 26 per week up.
JESSIE, 478, near Sixth— furnished rooms;
housekeeping; also others.
MARKET, 2098—2 or 4 sunny furnished rooms; .
reasonable.
MINNA, Sunny furnished "housekeeping
rooms; very cheap rent.
MINNA, 646—2 or 3 nicely furnished sunny
rooms: complete for housekeeping; convenient.
MISSION, 527— 2 large sunny rooms, all fur-
nished for housekeeping, $10.
MISSION, 948—2 or 3 sunny furnished connect-
ing basement hkpg. rooms; also others cheap.
MISSION, 1165— Housekeeping rooms: also base-
ment; furnished or unfurnished; single rooms;
reasonable.
NINTH. 21— Suite for light housekeeping; run-
ning water; rent reasonable.
OAK, 31, corner Franklin— Large sunny front
rooms; suite or single; complete for hkpg.
OCTAVIA. 1408; corner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow, mantel, $7 up; with kitchen, gas
stove, $11.
POLK, 610 2 or 8 sunny housekeeping rooms;
gas range; private family.
POST, COS— Front and back furnished rooms;
gas; water; bath; housekeeping privileges.
POST. 1033, near Polk— unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; gas stove; bath.
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window' housekeeping . rooms,
single and ' en suite; bath; reasonable.
THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth st., near 'Market—
Select rooming house: telephone Mint 1792.
THIRD, 340—2 furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping, $1 60 per week. ' ■'_■-■:
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove ■', parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy st. ' .
VAN NESS, 43— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also others.
VAN NESS, 400— Elegantly furnished corner
flat; 3 rooms and bath; gas range: NE cor-
ner; reasonable to responsible parties.
2 LARGE sunny rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping, 2 folding beds, one in kitchen,
one in bedroom, $10 per month, $2 75 per week;
furniture all new. Apply at shoe store, 602
Mission st., bet. First and Second sts. ;
.
1 LARGE sunny furnished room suitable for 2
gents or man and wife, $1 2 . wk. Apply shoe
store. 562 Mission st..bet. Ist and 2d stfi. '
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable. *
AT ' Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
. Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. m: S. J. KINO.
A- SUTTER, 715. 831— Furnished, unfurnished;
very choice; reasonable; appreciated If seen.
AT 16 Stockton at., "The I '— Nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.
ALMA, 441 Geary— Newly furnished sunny
rooms: suites $1 60 week and 'up; transient.
BOHEMIA, 239 -Post— Sunny rooms, and suits;
' all conveniences; families and gentlemen;
elevator; tourist; references. '-M^m 1
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
BUSH, 613— The Grenoble— Newly furnished
rooms, $8 up; suites, $15 up; Wellabach lights.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLAY, 1723, near Van Ness aye.— 3 rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms ; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO, 849, cor. McAllister— 3 or 4 very
desirable unfurnished rooms; electric light,
Eas and bath.
ELGIN PARK aye., 86. bet. Thirteenth and
Hermann— 2 large unfurnished rooms; yard
and laundry.
FIRST. 28— Neat sunny furnished rooms. $1 per
week .
FRANKLIN, 18, near Market— Front sunny
bay-window alcove room; board optional;
bath; gas; also hall bedroom; reasonable.
GEARY, 14A— Furnished rooms; double bed;
running water; first and second floors.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT aye., 309— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window tiultee, single rooms; transient; .reas.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HYDE, 204— Sunny front rooms, suitable for 2
gentlemen or man and wife.
HYDE, 609— Nicely furnished parlor, folding
bed. gas and bath, $12; also housekeeping
suites complete.
LINDEN aye., 325— 52; unfurnished front room;
private family.
McALLISTEB, 635— Furnished rooms; centrally
located; private family.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnish", l,
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1221— Elegantly furnished front al-
cove, $10; also sunny connecting hkpg. rorns.
MISSION, 1221— Nicely furnished sunny room
suitable for gentleman. $6.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able.
POWELL, 317 (formerly v osmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; room per night, 35c to SI 50;
week. $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth »t.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 1532—3 unfurnished sunny rooms;
closets, hot and cold water, bath; telephone;
suitable for couple or 2 or 3 i. :ntlempn.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up.; Swedish home.
ELLIS, 577— Neatly furnished sunny suites; also
single rooms with board; reasonable.
MASON, 517— Nicely furnished rooms, with or
without board; hot and cold water baths.
CALIFORNIA, 807, "The Blngham"— California
and Powel!-Bt. cars; neatly fur.: home comfts.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double. $20.
O'FARRELL. 524 Neatly furnished rooms ami
suites with board.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
eultes and single roo. is: excellent board.
ROOM ami board in small private family for
young man or lady; home comforts: moder-
ate price; references. 823 Golden Gate aye.
THE Longworth. 522 Geary— Sunny front suit*
elegantly furnished; single rms.; table board.
YOUNG man wants roommate; has double par-
lors, also piano: central location: terms mod-
erate: referenc.-s. Box 71S. Call office.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
NURSE would rare for small child; reason-
able; references giv«n. Address box 7SO, Call.
• "111 1.1 i to board: excellent home references if
desired; terms HO. Box 66!>, -call office.
WOULD like children to board in family or
adults. Address box 715, Call office.
GOOD home for children, $8; infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lcxingtnr. aye.. near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant. 44-SS-68 Third St.; take elevators: French
dinners. 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
\\ KSTEKFELDTS Restaurant, coffee and Ice
Team p-irlnr, l n 3" Market St.: popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
FINE store fixtures to let— Show cases. 5 liv-
ing rooms: fc;ith: cheap. 2848 Folsom st.
NEW stores, with 1 living rooms and basement;
on -Spypnth st.. nenr Mission.
OFFICES TO LET.
FOR rent— s-room fiat, suitable for physician's
or dentist's offices: very central. 102Va Sixth
Ft. : key in hat store.
MONEY TO LOW
LOANS on furniture r.r pianos in S. F., Oak-
land nr Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission Ft., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6>; ppr cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. MoCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jp\v-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 546 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
plaftos; no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONEIiLL Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
undiv'd int'ts. etc. Harper •& Krelger, 312. Ex-
aminer building.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indoreer. TOUSLEY, .192 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned un diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MI'RI'HV, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 110 McAllister.
MONEY WANTED.
$10.500 — WANTED: 3 years, 6 per cent: private
parties : on business property. Box 601. Call.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., May IS, 1899— Sealed proposals, in trip-
licate, will be received here until 11 a. m..
May 31, 1899, and then opened, for the con-
struction of the following buildings at Fort
Bt«ven&, Oregon: 2 barracks, 3 double sets of
officers' Quarters, administration building. Q.
M. stable, N. C. O. quarters, bakehouse, hos-
pital, hospital steward's quarters, workshop,
Q. M. anil subsistence storehouse. Information
furnished at this office. I T . S. reserves right
to reject or accept nny or all proposals or any
part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked: "Proposals for Construc-
tion of Buildings at Fort Stevens. Oregon/
nnd addressed to undersigned. .T. W JACOBS
C. Q. M.
legal notices."
"notice.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1599. the Bakersfleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed Its application in writing
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1599, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question. It wa* resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and de-
scription, have been fully paid and dis-
charged. , •
Wherefore, It was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication In some newspaper
published in the City and County of s a n
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any interest
in the matter of said application or desiring
to oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or before
the 22d day of May. 1599, any and all objec-
tl-jns which they may have to the granting of
said petition.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set
itiy hand and the official seal of said court
this the 17th day of April. 1899.
(Seal) WILLIAM A. DEANE.
County. Clerk and ex-Officio Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON.
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offldo Deputy
Clerk of the Pupprlor Court.
SEWING MACHINES.
K^MCWTHLY. rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer, White cheap,
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged. nted; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 206 Fourth it.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
.* ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR -PARK LOTS.
$100— $300— Choice lots near Ocean Beach; very
easy installments.
$100— $125— Bargains! Level lots In * Ocean
View, near electric cars; $10 down; $5 monthly.
$400 to Beautiful Sunset Heights lots;
superb view; fine climate; $25 down; $10
monthly.
$250 to Choicest Richmond lots; all bar-
gains; easy payments.
$100 to $300— Lots near Mission-st. electric
cars; ready to build on.
.Branch office on Ninth aye., near H st.;
open Sundays. V-\-^,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A,-" CROCKER BUILDING.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
enth arid Douglass sts.; must be sold; £oxll4
feet.
2800— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 50x
137:6 feet.
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.,
near Webster; lot 30x127 feet.
In Berkeley— Corner lot; 87x150. with modern
house of 9 rooms. .
SNAP; must sell account departure; attractive
cor. with improvements on Ashbury Heights.
Particulars apply owner, 1304 A Masonic aye.
FOR sale or exchange; corner lot: 75x86:3;
house: $f,S(H). G. W. H. PATTERSON CO.,
1706 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye., and you wish to sell,
then call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery St.
HOUSE, 3 flats, 12 rooms, near Sixteenth
and Valencia sts. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11'
Montgomery st. ■'
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new 4-room
cottage near Holly Park; near Mission elec-
tric cars; save paying rent. J
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A FINE 10,000-acre stock ranch in Santa Clara
County; controls. 6ooo acres adjoining; 175 good
springs; well fenced and cross-fenced: native
grasses to carry 1500 head of cattle; price $4 50
per acre; stock extra. For full information '
address McAFEE BROS., IDS Montgomery St.,
San Francisco.
LAGUNA DE TACHE— ~~
60,000 acres finest land in Fresno County now
being subdivided; for sale In small tracts
after May 26; $25 to $40 per acre; small cash
payments; easy terms to actual settlers; low
interest; best chance in the State to buy good
land at low price. Send for descriptive cir-
culars. NARES & SAUNDERS, Fresno, Cal.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27. Bth floor. Mills bldg., S. F.
FOR sale, Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake, Van-
couver Island; unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to DR. FOOTE, Duncans, Vancouver
Island.
„ , » T „__ »
NEW rich land near city; Bmall and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families;. 7609
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 add; ess THIS
COTATI CO.. 302 California it. 3. F.
MERRY HILL property. 5Vj. acres, overlooking
city of Paso Robles, in western suburbs; fine
mineral water; excellent location for resort
or summer residence. For full particulars
address box F, Paso Robles, Cal.
RANCH of 15 acres; within .2 miles of Peta-
luma; in orchard and garden land. Address
J. C. WISEMAN, box 174, Petaluma.
$500—75x100: HOUSE, barn and well at Colma.
.C. C. FISHER. 624 Market st.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
FRUIT, (train and rck farms.
W. TV HOLCOM * CO.. in >f^-»~^ - — , t .
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE cash or land for my home; S-room
house, etc.; 3 acres; 8 miles from Oakland:
cheap: owner leaving: cost $ISOO. CAPTAIN
•A. JENKINS. North Temescal. •
LARGE modern residence of 9 rooms; corner
lot: 67x120: desirable neighborhood; value
$5500; will take in part payment unimproved
lots in Oakland, city or acreage in bay coun-
ties. Box 847, Call office, Oakland.
YOUR property or business. Call or write Pa-
cific Coast Exchange. 1007% Market St., near
Sixth.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT~
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4. 5, 6,- 7 room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy Installments,
Just like paying rent: make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market
st.. San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days.
$25 CASH, $5 60 monthly till paid for; a new
8-room cottage; high basement; lot 50x256
feet; price all told $425; Westall Tract. In
tropical Fruitvale, adjoining East Oakland:
rich soil; grand view; superb climate: no cold
winds nor fogs here; electric cars and a 90-
-foot wide boulevard near; not far from a fine
8-story schoolhouse; there are quite a number
of S. F. merchants now located in this sec-
tion. Call or send for circular to 455 Seventh
St., near corner Broadway, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
MAGNIFICENT new house: modern: up to
date: 9 rooms; lot 50x200: 2 blocks from San
Francisco local; all sunny, nice rooms; price
reduced to $3500 last week; photo in office.
Address owner, E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway,
Oakland.
HOUSES to let: send for a list: also sale bar-
gains E E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway. Oakland.
5-ROOM house; bath; near' trains; also 8
lots cheap. 962 Third St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE KOH MA 1,10.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WE offer very desirable lots handy to electric
cars and local station for only $450; same on
paved street. $550; only $20 down and $10
monthly: will lend money to build homes.
We offer a modern 9-room house on large
lot, paved street, close to University and
Berkeley station, for $3850. O. G. MAY & CO.,
2123 Center st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR pale— On account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus: doing business of $15 to $25 a day: or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply r.OO Halght St.
THE finest water front property in Alameda for
sale at a great bargain. E. D. JUDD & CO.
1424 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND DOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. FUNKE. 141S Sth St.
HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
HAYWARDS PROPERTY. '
4 1-3 acres fine land, house, barn, well, some !
fruit; price $1600 '
10 acres, house, barn, well, part fruit.... 3500 I
■ 21%-acre chicken ranch, buildings.... 1 .... 900 j
6 acres, some fruit, no buildings 700
400-acre stock ranch $20 per acre;
200 acres, buildings, plenty wood and water,
fenced and cross-fenced; owner made from
this place $2500 last year; price only $7000
For full particulars and description call on j
P. WILBERT, Castro st., near B. Hay- !
wards. Cal. ■ - • . - j
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS .
.. ' . ; BORN.
FINNEY— In Berkeley, May 15, 1899, to the wife i
of C. E. Flnney. a daughter.
„_ __ died. 7
Brown. Mary Honigsberger, Henry
Bolan. Dr. Michael J. Holbrook. James W.
Brislan. John J. King. Henry, F..^
Bloch, Pauline King, Keziah
Canney, John • Kearney. . Thomas F.
Claudi, Beatrice Langford, George F.
Dunn. Mary A. McKinnon. Alex-
-2 Demetriades. Demet- ander -
rlus ■ Moran. Harrison I ,^',
Dillon, Anastasia O'Beirne, Clarence
Getchell, Mary F. , Oliver. Jesse
. Hunter, Henry J. Riordan, Eugene F.
Hayes. Dennis T. Swift, James T.
Horan, Thomas Zoietisso. Anton
BROWN— In this city, May 20, 1599, at St.
Mary's Hospital, Mary. "beloved wife of
Charles Brown, and mother of Henry Milton
Brown.- a native of Alaska. aged 24 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BOLAN— In this city. May 20. 1899, Dr. Michael
Joseph Bolan, a native of Augusta, Ga.. aged
74 years. (Augusta, Ga., and Charleston, S.
C, papers please copy.)
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for
services at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. .
BRISLAN— In this city. "May 21, 1899, John J.,
beloved son of Mrs. James Brislan, a native
of West Troy, N. Y.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
•fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 511 Florida street, between i Mariposa
and Eighteenth, thence to St. Charles Borro-
meo Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell streets,
for services at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BLOCH— In this city, May 21. 1899. Pauline.
. dearly beloved wife of Ellis Bloch. mother of
Melanie Bloch. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A.
Mierson of Placerville, Cal.. and sister of
Bernard, Max. Sol. James and Millie Mier-
son, a native of Placerville, Cal., aeed 34
years 1 month and 10 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 514 Devisadero street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
CANNEY— In this city. May 20. 1899, John, be-
loved husband .if Jane Canney. a native of
Carndonagh. County Donegal, Ireland, aged
66 years and 11 months.
tTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock,' from his late resi-
dence, 104 Fair Oaks street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn high requiem
mass will be celebrated for. the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CLAUDI— In this city. May 21. 1899, Beatrice,
adopted daughter of Mary Claudi. a native
of San Francisco, aged " 15 years and 7
months.
(E^Remains at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street. .- • -:-~
DUNN— In this city. May 19. 1899, Mary Ann,
dearly beloved wife of. John Dunn, beloved
mother of Nellie Dunn, and sister of Mrs. E.
Riley, Mrs. K. Thompson and Mrs. F. Mul-
lee, a native of New York, aged 45 years 4
months and 20 \lays. '■«'•'-'-
-[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the unenil this day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of 11. F. Maass, 917 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, corner of
Harrison and Fremont streets, where services
will be held, commencing at 1 o'clock.' Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DEMETRIADES— In this city. May 19. !«!><»,
Demetrius, beloved brother of George. Nicho-
las, Emmanuel, Brasidas and Amelia Demet-
rlades. a native of Greece, aged 38 years.
£C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street,
thence to the Russian Church for services.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DILLON— In this city, May 21. 1599, Anastasia.
beloved wife of the late James Dillon, and
mother of Margaret and James Dillon, a na-
tive of Ireland. ._:»'■
tCTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GETCHELL— In Midway. Alameda. County.
May 19, 1899, Mary F.. beloved wife of James
T. Getchell, and mother of E. M. Walsh. F.
J. Getchell and Mrs. Annie M. Kerrison, a
native of Rockland, Me., aged 69 years and 7
months. (Oakland papers please copy.)
lC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son-in-law, Robert J. Kerrison. 32
Pearl street, off Market, near Thirteenth.
HUNTER— into rest in Alameda, May
. 19, 1899, Henry J., beloved husband of Han-
n ah E. Hunter, and father of Henry C. and,
Robert D. Hunter, a native of Philadelphia,
Pa., in the 72d year of his age.
E7"His friends and friends of the family
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
services to be held at his late residence. 1532
Chestnut street, Alameda. this day (Mon-
day), at 9:30 o'clock. Please omit flowers. Cre-
mation at Cynress Lawn Cemetery. Funeral
car leaves Spear and Market streets at 11:45
o'clock sharp.
HAVES— In this city. May 13. 1599, Dennis T..
beloved husband of Lizzie Hayes, son of Den-
nis and the late Julia Hayes, brother of Mary
E. Hayes, and nephew of Mrs. M. Holland, a
native of Gilroy. Cal.. aged 28 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his aunt, Mrs. M. Holland, 270 Minna
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HORAN— In this city. May 21, 1899, Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Horan. and father
of Thomas J. Horan, Mrs. Hugh Gallagher
and the late Mary and Maggie Horan, a na-
tive of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 68
years.
HONIGSBERGER— In this city, May 20, 1899.
Henry, beloved husband of Clara Honigs-
berger. and father of Mrs. J. Klein and Leon.
Etta and Belle Honigsberger, a native of
Bavaria, aged 70 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from hie late resi-
dence, 1923 Broderick street. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
HOLBROOK— In this city, at Ocean View, May
20, 1899, James W., beloved son of James M.
and Lizzie J. Holbrook, and brother of Wal-
ter, George and the late Angellne Holbrook,
a native of San Francisco, aged 18 years and
4 months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 3064 San Jose road. Ocean
View. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by
. electric funeral car.
KING— In Alameda. May 21. 1899, Henry F.
King, a- native of Salt Lake City, aged 38
years. ■
KING— In Niles. May 20. 1599, Keziah King, be-
loved wife of James King, and mother of D.
W. King, a native of New Jersey, aged 73
years. .
Remains at the parlors of , Halsted &
Co.. 946 Mission street.
KEARNEY— In this city. May 21. 1599, Thomas
Francis, beloved son of Michael T. and the
late Maggie Kearney, and grandson of Mrs.
A. Kearney and Mrs. F. Slavln, a native of
San Francisco, aged 6 years 5 months and 21
days.
LANGFORD— In Golden Gate, May 20, 1599.
George Frank, beloved son of George H. and
Isabel Langford, and brother of Ethel L. and
Alma A. Langford, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years and 7 months.
lC?*Frieni!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (.Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at Golden
Gate Baptist Church, southwest corner of
Park street and Central avenue. Golden Gate.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
McKINNON— In San Rafael, May 20, 1599.
Alexander, husband of Mary McKinnon, and
father of Rev. W. D. and Rev. D. J. Mc-
Kinnon. Sister Bernadette, Mary E. and John
F McKinnon and Mrs. George Young, a na-
tive of Prince Edwards Island, .aged 79
years.
• [C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), from his late residence in San Ra-
fael, thence to St. Raphael's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be .celebrated for
■ the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oa|>
land.
MORAN— In this city. May 20. 1899, Harrison,
beloved- husband of Eliza Moran, and father
of Lillian,. Allen and Florence Moran. a na-
.. tive of New Hampshire, aged 56 years.
llfy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Bethany Con-
gregational Church on Bartlett street, near
Twenty-fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by electric funeral car from Thirtieth
street. ' N'-
A. O. U. W— the officers and members of
Excelsior Lodge No. 126. A. O. U. W. : You
are respectfully requested to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother. Harrison Moran.
this day (Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the
Bethany Congregational Church, Bartlett
street, near Twenty-fifth.
A. MORRISON. M. W.
J. R. HELEN, Rec.
O'BEIRNE— In this city. May 21. 1599. Clarence,
beloved son of Arthur and Annie O'Beirne. a
native of San Francisco, aged 7 years 9
months and 3 days.
OLIVER— In this city. May 21. 1899. Jesse, be-
loved son of Knighton Oliver, and grandson
of Mrs. Rockefeller, a native of Stockton.
Cal.. aged 14, years 6 months and 9 days.
RIORDAN— In this city. May 21, 1899, Eugene
• F., beloved brother of J. E., J. F. and W.«'M.
Riordan, Mr«. McDonald, Mrs. Myers and
Lena Riordan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2S years. •■...:"
ITTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the undertaking parlors of J. C. O'Connor
& Co., 767 Mission street.
SWlFT— Entered into rest May 20, 1199, James
• Flitcroft, beloved husband of. the late Anna
V. Swift, and father of Catherine V., Lionel'
and the late William E. Swift, a native of
Berry. England, aged 70 ears and 21 days.
(t?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow .(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at Ma-
sonic Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of California
Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M. Remains at the
parlors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento
street. ' .
ZOIETISSO— In this city, Anton Zoietisso. a
native of Lagosta, Austria, aged 64 years 8
months and 2 days. . . -
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMEALMERX
10 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
?*ltphon« South Ml
McAVOY dfc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3. I
■ 1235 Market st, between Sth and 9th. .
-- ■---;.. •--.".■ Telephone, South 247. |
910
THE ECONOMY FENDER
TAKES ITS BLOODY WAY
One More Innocent Victim of
the Railroad Company's
Penuriousness.
The Horrible Killing of Tommy Kearney
Almost Results in a Riot on
Third Street.
TI!K officials of the Market Street
Railway Company can to-day
order the Clerk of the Death
to turn over another leaf
in the company's gory ledger
and i harg< to th corporation one
murder.
I; is the "M stm y of the "life-saving
r" which th>' company has placed
on a,, few nf its cars am) which it dc
s is the best that can be done i-»
• the unfortunate public from !
nslaughts of its five-ceni jug
The victim in this case was .the six
»ld son of Thomas Kearney, a
well-known salesman of the firm of \V.
J. Si . of >>i\ Market street
The tragedy occurred -on Thin? streel
between St< venson and Jessie. The
f;uher and son were on opposite sides
of th" street and the child started V,
- over to his parent. At the samp
ar No. mi was coming up Third
streel I speed and the boy svaa
struck and thrown down by the deadly
vehicle. Spectators say that no warn
ing bell was sounded and that th"
headway of the car was not stopped.
Here is where the economical fender
of th. Market street Railway Com
pany showed its real merits. The boy
was thrown down in front of the fen
and Instead of being picked up
mul carried safely until the car step
ped, as is done by proper fenders, he
was rolled under the wheds, dragged
over the paving stones and ground un
der the car for nearly half a block.
When th'- motorman succeeded in
stopping the car the unfortunate child
was ;t crushed and bleeding human
wr< i k.
If Messrs. Huntlngton and Vining
had stood on Third street at the time
and had had under consideration the
advisability of adopting a fender that
would prevent the continual destruc
tion of life by their car.s; had they
seen the helpless victim dragged to his
doom; heard bis shrieks ol agony as
he was ground to death; had they
heard the awful cries of the father as
he saw his only offspring drawn Into
the death-dealing mechanism of the
trolley; had they seen him rush t<j the
Bide of the car begging the motorman
to stop, and then. In his frenzy, clutch
the ham! rail and endeavor tv stay the
Slaughter of his child— they might
have concluded that their heartless
penuriousness, with its long and ever
growing mortality list, was not the
kind Of economy honest men would
pursue.
Furthermore, their ideas regarding
the sentiments of the public with refer
ence to the policy of the company would
have been broadened to their own ail
vantage, for it was only by reason of
the presence of several policemen that
the gripman, William Tanner, was not
mobbed. When the car was anally
stopped and many willing hands had
lifted it so thai the victim could i>" re
leased from the grip of the wheels, the
motorman attempted to proceed on his
way unconcerned. Then the desperate
parent sprang upon the dummy bent
upon vengeance.
He was followed by many Incensed
bystanders and cries went up from the
assembled crowd, which then numbered
hundreds, "Mob him," "lynch him." and
for a few moments it looked as though
another tragedy would be credited to
the railway company. The vigorous
efforts Of the police prevented violence,
but the crowd was in an ugly mood.
They hooted and jeered the police and
cursed the frightened man who had
driven his car over the hapless boy.
What might have happened had some
responsible official of the company ap
peared al that time must be left to the
imagination.
The shapeless and bloody body at the
child was carried Into the Grant drue
store, "ii the corner of Stevenson and
Third streets, but nothing could be done
for him, ;nid in duo time the boy was
■ to the Receiving Hospital In an
ilance. He died aboul an, hour
later.
.h.st before he passed away he recoj?
nizi d the father, who was standing over
him. Slightly raising his head from the
pillow of the cot, he asked his grief-
Btricken parent to kiss him.
"I'm going, papa," he feebly remarked
as he imprinted a kiss on his father's
forehead. "May God bless you." The
injured boy then sank back into his cot
and died a few minutes later. Over
come by griff, the heart-broken parent
staggered out of the Receiving Hospital
and was about to collapse when seized
l>y two of the attendants. He was thpn
induced to visit the Southern Station,
where he tearfully told the story of the
accident to Captain Spillane.
A few minutes later William Tanner,
the motorman, walked in accompanied
l iy twu policemen, who had him under
arrest.
"It could not be helped," lugubriously
remarked the motorman. "The car was
proceeding along Third street at the
usual rate vf speed when the unfortu- |
nate boy ran in front of it. I auickly I
ODDlled the brake and reversed the cur
rent, but too late to save his life. I
beard the cries of the excited crowd to
l> nch me, but paid no attention to them
as 1 was anxious to know whether or
not the boy was fatally injured."
Tanner was allowed to take his car to
Twenty -ninth and Mission streets,
where a substitute was placed in
charge. He was then escorted to the
City Hall.
After listening to his story. Captain
S;.illane ordered Tanner locked up on
a charge of manslaughter. At a late
hour last night he was released on his
own recognizance •by Police Judge
Graham.
Spectatpra do not agree with the
statement of Tanner, but declare on an
upgrade, running at the regular speed,
there was no excuse fur the car being
run for nearly a half block, particularly
when a human being was being ground
to death. The telltale blood marks on
the track and cobblestones fully estab
lish their statements. Ono of the eye
witnesses, John Garvey, living at 158
New Montgomery street, gaid:
"I was standing on Third street, be
tween Jessie and Stevenson, when the
boy started to cross the street. The car
was going at a good speed. There was
no bell sounded, and the boy was
knocked down. The fender, instead of
catching the child, rolled him under
the wheels, and the car kept on its
way. I and several others yelled to the
motorman to stop, but for some rea
son he did not do so, and the poor lit
tle fellow was dragged about half a
block up the hill to the cc-rner of Ste
venson. On that grade hf should have
Btopped sooner, but that would not have I
saved the boy, for the fender and the !
wheels did their work at once."
"I saw the accident from the start,"
said Max Roberts of IT>2 Minna street.
"The fender did not help the child; on
the contrary, it teemed to lift him up
and permit him to go under the wheels.
It was awful to see him dragged such I
a distance and to hear his shrieks and i
those of the father. The car, I think.
could not have been stopped in time to I
save the child's life, but if the fender j
' had been worth a blank he could not
j have been seriously injured. It looked
i t>> me like murder, and at one time I
thought the crowd would lynch the
motorman.'
Other witnesses coincided with the
foregoing statements. However,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, MAY 22, 1809.
I Tommy Kearney lies bold in death, a
; shapeless mass ul" llesh and bone, and
the economy fenders are still in busi
ness, ]i»ikitm r for more victims.
SLAVERY OF CHINESE GIRLS.
Rev. Charles E. Locke Discourses Elo
quently on the Subject.
Rev. Charles Edward Locke addressed
a large audience at Metropolitan Temple
last evening. His subject was "Back to
Jesus." The sermon contained an earnest
protest against the slavery of Chinese
girls in San Francisco._ In part he said:
There is a slave dealers' association in China
town engaged In the atrocious business of Im
porting Chinese girls. These girls -are 15 to 16
years of ace and are ■ either kidnaped and
brought forcibly to this country, or they are
pawned by their parents, who have been driven
by dire poverty to dispose of their children to
secure food to eat. They are landed In this
country Illegally, and instead of finding good
husbands awaiting them, as they are often
promised by the demons who deceive them.
they are plunged Into a life of infamy and
shame compared with which death is infinitely
more preferable.
There is a suspicion thai even some white
men belong to this slave dealers' association:
These girls are bought and sold like chattels,
or cattle, dally In Chinatown, and it Is stated
that the sale Of children Is continually taking
place. There is a little child now in one of
the missions of this city who was sold for (150
v.-hen she was ten months old to pay' her fath
er's doctor bill. Many of these children and
girls who are thus sold were born in this city.
and hence we have the disgraceful anomaly of
allowing prospective citizens of the United
States to be sold into slavery— contrary to the
law and sentiment of the entire nation. It is
an outrage which loyal people cannot permit to
continue without shame and crime. They are
sold at from $1000 to $2200. They are often
most cruelly treated, have been known to have
been kicked to death by their bestial owners,
and. though they are known to die, yet I have
been told by Christian workers In Chinatown
that there are never any funerals among them
and never any death certificates.
It costs about $900 to land a girl In San Fran
cisco. it is positively asserted that the Chinese
cannot carry on the business in all of its de
tails without the aid of American lawyers.
watchmen, and others. Some of our debased
fellow citizens are thus engaged in this loath
some business, and because of the large sums
of money expended it Is declared that political
parties have be»n. criminally Involved In this
evil, and at one time certain Custom-house
officers were known to be In league with the
highbinders' society.
We ought to be actively opposed to this crime
against these Oriental women out of sheer
selfishness, for it is reported that large num
bers of American boys and young men are
frequent visitors of these places of vice. We
may be sure if we do not denounce and de
stroy this evil It will react upon our homes and
upon our government.
There are more than a hundred disreputable
houses In Chinatown. It is almost impossljv.e
to rescue these girls. Several young Chinamen
have interested themselves in divulging the
methods of the slave* dealers, and the Importa
tion if these poor girls has been much reduced,
bill these young men have so much incensed
those whose business has been Injured that
offers as high as $2000, it Is said, have been
made for the heads of these brave young men,
and they may be assassinated at any moment.
Fellow citizens, are we not criminally
lethargic In permitting these frightful and
abominable Infractions of the law. The courts
and Police Department, backed by billows of
public sentiment, can greatly reduce and by
and by eradicate these infamous wrongs. In
the name of God let us call upon those In au
thority to do their whole duty.
The Circus a Success.
Tho Snn Francisco and San Mateo Elec
tric Road commenced running cars over
the new spur track from Ohenery and
I Thirtieth streets into Glen Park yester
-1 day.
The new time schedule proved a big suc
cess and the crowd at the park was han
£ mUch better style than hereto-
Tho cirrus in the "Barn" at Glen Park
which commenced yesterday, proved a blsr
success. The equestrian feats by the St
Leon family consisted of some exception
ally clever tricks of horsemanship. The
vaudeville was made up of strictly ath
letic performances, euch as are seen at
any regular circus. Glen Park will he
open in future earn Saturday and Sundae
and the circus will lie continued. It Is the
intention of the park management to keen
the resort open evenings as soon as their
electric-light plant is completed.
SCENES WHILE THE EAGLES RESTED AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
EAGLES FLEW
OVER THE BAY
TO SCHUETZEN
First Outing of the
Aerie.
BIRDp IN HOLIDAY PLUMAGE
FIVE THOUSAND JOINED THEM
AT THE PAKK.
Initial Picnic of the New Organiza
tion Was Successful Far Beyond
the Expectations of the
Originators.
) -♦ -
■
Who are the Eagles? Tommy Lindsay,
who ought to know, says "they are a
rational innovation on civilization." The
social register shows that they are only
six weeks old in San Francisco, nearly
six hundred .strong- and still a-growing.
The picnic they gave yesterday at Schuet
zen Park, neur San Rafael, stamps them
what, they are— a.ktt of good fellows, who
know a good time when they see it.
More than five thousand others thought
the same thing and winged their way
across the bay with the newly fledged
flyers from the San Francisco aerie. Four
times the big steamer Ukiah made the
trip to Tiburon and four times ten car
loads of ' well-dressed humanity were
whirled over the rails to the pretty Ma
rin County resort, where the Eagles, who
had "early birded" the programme, had
everything set for the. later comers. And
what a brilliantly plumaged lot they were,
all so decked in the best feather that it
was difficult at first glance to tell the
girlie birds— they were birds— from
the Johnnie birds. Some of them, too, to
carry out the metaphor, cooed 'to their
hearts' content, but that was after Eagle
J. S. Cannon had generously provided for
the first prizes in the young ladies' race.
Uefore that came off, however,- and after
It, for that matter, the picknickers en
joyed themselves to their hearts'/content.
They lunched in the honeysuckled covered
bowers, they danced and danced in the
big pavilion and at least one stunning bru
nette, who said she was sorry she had
not worn her cerise waist instead of a
blue-striped affair, executed a Cakewalk
that brought down salvos of applause
There are a few people misguided
enough for awhile v to think that before
the outing ended some of the Eagles or
their friends would moult their coats and
mix things. It took no time at all to con
vince them that "there was nothing to it."
Never a more orderly crowd took part in
a picnic within a hundr«d miles of the
city. It was well Broomed, good-looking
and well-intentioned. It partook of re
freshments as If it had been accustomed
to them and it joined in the casual amuse
ment provided— from throwing baseballs
at the head of Aguinaldo, at three for ten,
to purchasing the most specious brand of
gold brick dispensed by Eagle "Sky" Os
terhout. Even Harry Brennan, who is
not used to such frivolity on Sansome
street, had to come out of his shell and :
get his tintype taken with, oh, such .1
stunner.
Only a few hundred took the morning
boats for the picnic grounds and had
dressed them nicely by the time the first
trainload of the afternoon landed. Then
the fun began for all but First Vice-Presi
dent E. L. Wagner, who had been induced
In a moment of thoughtlessness to don a
pair -of white duck trousers. For a while j
he was nearly tickled to death, so many '
fleas were attracted 10 his vicinity. By i
judicious sprawling on the grass, -the
ducks were converted Into mallards, and
he had peace for the remainder of the af
ternoon.
The races, for which valuable prizes had !
been donated, were run off during the
afternoon and furnished a large amount
of amusement. John Herget shot the
barrier and handled the recall (lag like
an old timer. The games committee, con
sisting of S. D. Simmons. J. Harris, J. P.
Gljnn. M. W. Brady, C. B. Corey and W. I
1... Dolan, was on the Judges' stand. The
events were pulled off without a bitch,
except in the fat men's race, where there
was a protest that Fred Butts was a pro
fessional. It was not allowed and Butts
flitted in, Charley Long, who was running
a close second, falling in a faint from the
exertion and losing second place to Myer
Cohen, the king of the dudes. Long was
brought to with cold applications by
Crowley. the iceman.
Around the pavilion where the commit
tee distributed the gate prizes, a crowd
was held spellbound for an hour, while
Colonel Kowalsky between naps, turned
the wheel, from which two little girls.
Katie Bannister and Reta Glynn, drew
the hundred lucky numbers. Over in the
bowling alley they bowled, and in the
shooting gallery they shot, and all around
everybody had a most enjoyable day, so
much bo that most of them were sorry
when the last train wasl ready to steam
away at 6:30 o'clock. , .
In the.games the prize winners, were:
Boys' — Walter Wanten first, R. Duffy
second, Martin Krelini? third. ■
x Girls' race— Hattie Smith first, Bertha Smith
second, Ray Callsh third.
Young men's — F. Sullivan first, M. .
Flannlgan second, George Llnston third.
Young ladies' race— Smith first. Emma
Wise second, Maggie Pepping third.
Fat men's race— Fred Butts first, Myer Co
hen second, Charles Long (dead heat with him
self, having fallen in a faint) third.
Married ladles' race— Mrs. Williams first. Mrs.
Fisher second. Mm. Harris third.
Eagle race (members ■ only)— Frank Hoffman
first, Jack Holland second, Frank Carr third.
Egg and spoon race (ladles only)— Mrs.
Charles Long first. Miss Agnes Kildea second.
Miss Ida Murphy third.
The prizes for bowling were: First. John
Patchner: second, O. Smith; third, William
Schwarke: fourth, R. M. Donnelly.
Robert Porter won the first shooting prize
and Thomas McGlinn second.
The officers of ! the Eagles are: T. H.
Lindsay, worthy past president; Harry
Baehr, worthy president; Ed L. Wagner,
worthy vice-president; Gustave Pohlman,
secretary; William Clack, treasurer; R.
Beers Loos, chaplain; James S. Cannon,
conductor; J. G. Crowley, inner guard:
fcehuyler Osterhout, outer guard; J M.
Fisher. J. M. Cheetham and M. F. O'Con
nor, trustees; A. C. Berthier, C. R. Gagan
and J. P. Glynn. finance committee; E.
Bunnell and J. J. Keefe. physicians.
List of gate prizes uncalled for at the
Eagles' picnic, which can be had by ap
plying to J. S. Cannon. Grand Opera-house
stage entrance: Numbers 3400, 36, 4318,
4715; 2843, 444 ft. 594, 199 4201, 1322, STO, 1502,
1560, 1844, 14M, 4036. 389, 1903. 2405, 2766, 3?76.
190$, 400 C, Issl. 4709, 2G17. 006. 341. 2755. 3399,
4152, 325, 236, 4759 3439 1332, 4741, 592, 2803.
YOUNG REPUBLICANS MEET.
Session of the Executive Committee
of the League.
The executive committee of the Young
Men's Republican League of San Fran
cisco Clubs met Saturday evening at the
league headquarters on O'Farrell and
Powell streets. Chairman Henry C.
Langrehr presiding, and Dr. Charles
H. Holsman acting in his official capacity
as secretary.
The main subject under discussion was
the part the League Clubs were to take
In the coming primaries. Mr. H. D.
Mitchell suggested that as the League
was particularly strong in some of the
Assembly Districts, he thought it advis
able to select from the organization the
names of several of its members as dele
gates to the convention. Mr. Mitchell's
suggestion met with the hearty approval
of every member of the committee, and
was finally adopted. Mr. B. T. Dudley, in
speaking of the league sending delegates
to the convention, said that the County
Committee would certainly recognize the
organization in this respect, as under the
new primary law the league could, if
necessary, put Its own ticket in the field.
Dr. H. A. Raymond moved that a com
mittee of two be appointed, consisting of
trank K. Spencer, the president of the
league, and Henry C. Langrehr, the
chairman of the executive committee,
with power to seteet and appoint three
delegates in each of the Assembly Dis
tricts; to complete the organization of
district clubs for the league. The mo
tion being seconded by E. D. Montrose it
was unanimously adopted.
A special circular has been ordered
printed and distributed among the mem
bers bf the league throughout the as
sembly Districts, giving them in detail
the precise meaning of the new primary
law, and also urging the attendance of the
members and their friends at the
primaries. The committee also voted 10
hold the annual high jinks of the league
on Saturday evening, September :», 1899,
by which time it is earnestly hoped that
the First California Volunteers will be
home, as the league has 116 members
now in Manila. A large number of appli
cations for membership were considered,
and out of the number several were re
jected. After other business was con
cluded the committee adjourned to meet
again on Thursday evening, May 25.
ABUSED DEWEY AND
WAS PROMPTLY BEATEN
BERMAH SPECK TAUGHT A LES-
SON IN PATRIOTISM.
John McGoomis Thrashes Him and
Sends Him to the Hospital for
Repairs and Is Himself
Arrested.
In future Bermah Speck will be more
careful before whom he belittles the
name and fame of Admiral Dewey. His
unpatriotic utterances, earned him a ter
rible beating at the hands of John Mc-
Goomis, a young American, • whose ad
miration for the naval officer would not
permit himself to stand by while his hero
was assailed by a foreigner.
Speck had been brooding over the un
kind things said of Kaiser "Wilhelm by
Captain Coghlan of the Kaleigh and last
night the. pent-up feelings burst and he
launched a tirade of abuse on Dewey and
eventually he was sent to the hospital for
his temper. ■ After imbibing in sundry
glasses of steam beer he staggered into
the saloon kept by Henry Herting at 115
Point Lionos avenue. Several men were
there and during their talk Admiral
Dewey' name arose and they discussed
the proposition to erect a monument in
Golden Gate Park in his honor and pre
senting a home to him by voluntary sub
scription. Speck's German blood revolted
at the idea, but, like an unwise man, he
gave vent to his feelings by ridiculing and
pooh-poohing the whole idea. He even so
far forgot himself as to abuse the ad
miral.
Mrs. Herting, the wife of the propri
etor of the resort, was behind the bar,
and as she is somewhat of a patriot her
self, it pained her to hear Speck's re
marks. She prayed that one of the men
would defend Dewey. but as no one would
take up his defense she burst out, "If my
son wore here you would not make those
statements." McGoomis happened to be
in the back part of the place, and when
he heard Mrs. Horting's- threat he in
quired into the matter with the result
I that he fell to and gave the unpatriotic
German a beating that be will remember
for many months. In fact Speck was in
such a bad condition when McGoomis fin
ished with him that he had to be sent to
the Receiving Hospital.
Officer Isaacs, although a patriot him
self, had to do 'his duty, so he placed Mc-
Goomis under arrest and charged him
with battery.
■ ♦ ■
Flemish oak with ivory ornaments, Jap
anese gray, old Dutch. Persian green,
bone black, gold leaf, gold bronze and
English oak moldings for picture frames
in beautiful new designs at Sanborn &
Tail's, 741 Market -street. •
' .♦. '
Ladies' Auxiliary Concert.
The Ladies' Auxiliary of the Mission Y.
M. C. A. will give a concert in Metropoli
tan Hall next Tuesday evening. An ex
cellent programme has been prepared and
everything points to its success. The
members of the organization have dis
posed of a large number of tickets, and it
is confidently believed that the hall will
be crowded on the evening of the concert.
...■ ♦ ■ :
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY la
recommended by physicians for family . and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^_~~1
Department
JPECUL^ALE!
BUY RIBBONS NOW.
50 CARTONS (300 pieces) •
2'P"" ELEGANT ROMAN STRIPE
U^\ /^ RIBBONS, so much used for
jf Ladies' Belts and Neckwear,
all new combinations.
These Ribbons are fully 5
1 Per Yard. inches in width and are
good value for 50c yard.
75 CARTONS (675 pieces) / }
PLAIN TAFFETA RIBBONS,
entirely new weave and
21*"™* very high luster. These : .
|>wu are in the following shades
J f Turquoise, New Purpies,
%tas^ \^ Greens, Light Blues, Pinks,
Cerise, Maize, Cardinal,
Per Yard. New Blues, Lavender,
Cream, ■ White and Black,
and are well worth 50c per
yard.
NOTE. r
On Monday, May 22, we will place
* on one of our center counters
2000 REMNANTS FINE . EMBROI-
DERIES, both EDGINGS and IN-
SERTINGS, in CAMBRIC, SWISS
and NAINSOOK, AT VERY LOW
* PRICES.
111, 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET. ;-
BDWEN
» CO
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Beer porter ale— Everard's
pts dozen
Canada malt lager reg'ly $ 1 55 $135
Old brown stout " 1 50 20
'alf and 'alf " 1 50 1 20
Jam— raspberry 3 jars 50c
regularly 25c jar— sugar and fruit
Prepared. for our fastiduous trade
Horse-radish mustard 02 bot 25c
regularly 15c bottle
That's a combination for a lagging" ,
appetite
Fruit syrups 40c
regularly 50c bottle
For temperance drinks — soda foun-
tains—water ices— punches
Orange marmalade 3 jars 50c
Southwell's— reg'ly 20c jar— English
Made from Seville 'oranges — the best
in the world for marmalade
Sauterne . $4
reg'ly $5 dozen quarts
Slightly sweet— much liked by ladies
Hamamelis * p { p { qt
Extract of lOC 25c 40c
witch hazel— heals hurts— soothes
bruises— allays pain— relieves effects
of sunburn
Brilliantine— Violet's 20c
reg'ly 25c bottle— for the hair
Toilet water— Crown , 70 c
reg'ly 90c bot— lavender and cologne
Mackerel-Underwood's 2 tins 25c
broiled 1-lb tins dozen Ci -is
soused l 30
in mustard— in tomato
Toilet SOaps— American 20c
reg'ly 25c— carton of 3 cakes
assorted odors v ,
Brandy— Californian 3 bots $2
- reg'ly $1 botttle gallon $3
As pure as the most expensive only
not so old
Telescope baskets
reg'ly 90 c 75 C 65c 50c 40c
special 70c 60C 50C 40C 30C
For the picnic and camping season
Shawl Straps— good strong ones
reg'lv 75C 50c 35C
special 60C 4OC 30c
Tea pots— beautifully decorated
aptree'ly special /pt rec"'>' fP^" 1
round 75c 55c 85c 65c
oval 85c 65c $1 75c
Lids can't fall off earthenware
Egg plates — enamel
regUy 3 egg size 20c 1 5c
*7 5 66 - • 25c 20c
Cook and serve in same dish
Price-illustrated catalogue fora postal
Packing to arrive safely, is an art we
WboliHti prices on big orders
. utn. «t« Sotior •»«" C«Hf*r»l« $*n Fr«net»co
RADKE & CO., 1
118 Suttei* Street, B
ARE SHOWING I' : M
'■ Wedding Presents in Silver, and Cut Glass
Summer Sash Belts in silver. . .$l.OO up I
Gents' Canes, silver mounted . .$l,OO up B
SPECIAL ATTENTION TO MAIL AND EX- if
PRESS ORDERS. |J
Eye Glasses in
Gun Metal
MountlnßP. and the new clip that don't slip,
tilt or waver (60 cents).
New Eastman Kodak, fits the pocket and
makes large pictures.
Bausch & Lomb Zeiss Stereo Field Glasses.
Oculists" prescriptions filled. Quick repairing.
Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANsZ Hn ™SPHiC AP pA| WUS.:'
w . -w H HOTOI^ scientific^
642 Market St. instrument*
oooboooooooooooooo
S T .f- E PALACE «J
%GRAND» OTEl < s $
jj SAN FRANCISCO. Q
Connected by a covered passageway. **
® 1400 Room?— wi h Bath Attached. •
O All Under On* Management. O
O NOTE TEX PRICES: O
O European Plan. 8 l.ftO per d»y aM upward O
-. AmerioanPlan.93.oo p«r day^fld upward ft
9 C(«-r«spond«nce SoUolted. *»
O JOHII 0. CBXPATBICK, Ituipr. O
Q O O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
DKMOTLTY.
fI^ITTS WELL-KNOW^ AND RELIABLE OLD
T "neciV'si cv-< Private. Nervous, anil Blood Dts-
To Htnonly. Book on Private Uiseases and
Wi>akuesaea of Mec.free. Over -'Oy'r.' experience.
Pntlentacnredal Home. Terms reasonable. Hour« 9
to a dali v- to S::» ev'gs. Siimiiirs, 10 to 12. Consnl-
totion free and sacredly con ttdentfnL C»ll.oraddre»
P. KOSCOE McXUIiTY.'M.D.
•»O'; liearny St., Han Francisco. CbL
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodislne • and specific tonto
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
.exes and a great remedy for diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
■nvigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials r necessary.
" NAHKK. ALFS & BRUNEV Agents.
322 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
%Jsr favorite
B. FOR WEAK WOMEW.
W.T. HESS,
KOTART PUBLIC AND ATTORNBT-Ar LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreclcels Bldr -
, Telephone Brown 931.
Ttesldpnce. 821 California Bt., below Powell.
San Francisco.
Weekly Call^l.oo per Year