VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 77.
BRAVE CALIFORNIANS
ONCE MORE UNDER FIRE
DRIVING THE
REBELS FROM
THEIR WORKS
Our Own Soldier Boys Cap
ture the Town of
r"\ __
Pateros.
Place Had Surrendered and the
■Treacherous Natives Fired
From the Shelter of
Fla^s of Truce.
??;7NEW YORK, Feb. 14.
A special cable to the
Sun from Manila dat
/ed February 14 says:
The insurgents at Pa
teros, 10 miles south
east of Manila, sur
rendered on Wednes
day, but the place has;
not been occupied by
our troops since their
surrender. The Fili
pinots have flown flags
of truce, indicating
their submission.
This afternoon they
opened fire uponsome I
detached troops of
the First California In
fantry, stationed
nearly north of the
town. The Califor
nians replied with a
hot fire, driving the
rebels out of the town, j
They moved to the
south, where they j
made a stand and an |
engagement followed, 1
continuing until dark.
The Californians, in |
the meantime, were
reinforced by compa
nies from the First
Washington and First
Idaho Infantry and the
Utah Light Artillery.
The former Spanish
river gunboat Laguna
de Bai is now on her
way to shell the ene
my in the rear. \
It is supposed that
the insurgents who
evacuated the town
upon its surrender^
have been secretly
gathering at Pateros
under cover of flags of
truce for several days
with the object of
making the attack
which they delivered
this afternoon,
MANILA, Feb. 14.— tra
versed Sunday the scene of the
fighting- about Manila. The of
ficers of the Fourteenth' Infantry
praise unstintedly the advance of
the California, Washington and
Wyoming troops on February 5
against heavy firing.
As they charged over the
broad plain the movement was
one of the prettiest spectacles, of
The San Francisco Call.
the campaign. The insurgents,
firing gradually, extended to the
right, where the Fourteenth lost
heavily, and especially Company
M, Lieutenant Mitchell, Com
pany J, Lieutenant Millay, and a
detachment of Company 1.
under Lieutenant Miles, enfilad
ing the left flank . and front.
During the fire here lieutenant
Mitchell fell, shot in the stomach,
and cried:
"Forward, men; don't mind
me."
The officers and men \ highly
praise the gallantry of Lieutenant
Miles, who, rallying his men, led
Hem. over the insurgent earth
works and lost 65 per cent of his
detachment. A bullet pierced
his\at. Lieutenant Miles was
complimented by ' his corn
man cm*.
I pcSsed-over the battle-field
from Sib Pedro to Santa Ana on
Monda'A Here it was that the.
Washington troops met heavy,
opposition The ground was
•hotly contested, and the men of
the right dixision were anxious
to resume fitting. ?y ?■
I visited Caloocan to-day. A
Spanish prisoner who escaped
from Malolos imports that Bal
derno Aguinalfo, a cousin of
Aguinaldo and tie Filipino Min
ister of War, killed in the
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1899.
fighting at Caloocan on February
10, where the Kansas, Montana
and Pennsylvania troops and the
Third Artillery were heavily en-
gaged. Corroboration of this re
port was given by the finding of a
general's sword beside * the rail
way sheds. . : '<%'-^
The Red Cross nurses to-day
are repairing the Kansas colors
on the church in Caloocan, the
flag having been. riddled by bul
lets during the engagements on
February 7 and 10. ■]77y-
THE REBELS BEATEN
CLOSE TO ILOILO
Four" Americans Slightly Wounded
by Rebel Fire on the Cali
fornia Troops.
MANILA, Feb. 15, 10:30
a. m.—The village of Jaros, one
mile north of Iloilo, was captured
Sunday afternoon by a battalion
of the Eighteenth" Infantry. It
was learned the rebels were as
sembling there, and to prevent
the possibility of their making an
attack on the city proper our
troops were dispatched to drive
them out. It was not expected
any serious resistance would be
made by the insurgents, but they
made a better defense than was
i - • • ■ . . . « • ■ ' i .-. ■ y • ■ ■--, ■-:: :■: ■■ ;•: , ■-.■-. • . ■ • ■ .■....-.
.VALENTINE DAY IN: SACRAMENTO.
anticipated, with the result that
the American losses were heavier
than in the capture of Iloilo.
Lieutenant Frank Bolles of the
Eighteenth Regiment and four
men were wounded. Lieutenant
Bolles' injuries are slight.- The
insurgents held their position. an
hour, but the Americans made
things so lively for them they
were compelled to withdraw. The
enemy appears to have lost heart.
It is suspected the insurgents
Continued on Fourth Page.
BURNS' FRIENDS COUNSEL
HIM TO GIVE UP THE FIGHT
Firmly Convinced at Last That the Mexican
Has No Chance Whatever in the
: .'.".' ■■ . •'/ ,' :■ ' ;>. y : y . , • ; y ' • "yy.77y -.-,?. : :
Senatorial Contest.
SAGE ADVICE THAT MEETS
WITH A FOUL OUTBURST
The "Colonel" Consigns the Republican
Party to Perdition-Dan Cole Deserts
Grant and Breaks Into the
Candelaria Corral.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS? SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 14.— The railroad scheme
for a Republican caucus is defeated.
The whip of the , corporation was
cracked- vigorously and viciously to
bring the Republican members who are
not supporting the "Colonel" Into the
Candelaria corral; • ../'..-'/ y, J.-r '■>.
The touts put on an air of proud de
fiance, - boasting that Barnes' men and
Bulla's men would get into the caucus
when Dan snapped his fingers. Herrin
cracked the whip, Dan snapped his
! fingers and the railroad press threat
ened all sorts of political death to the
Republicans : who - should disobey, in
structions. Since Saturday every form
of influence known to ■ political cam
paigns except the actual disbursement
of money has been brought to bear to
render the scheme successful, but the
Republican majority in the Legislature
is as resolute to-night as ever. in the
purpose to defeat the caucus proposi
tion. * 'iT -\- 7
The true friends and confidential ad-
visers of Colonel Burns now realize that
he .cannot win. The last y chance of
winning out has . gone glimmering!
There are no more bright and alluring
devices to be sprung. The colonel is up;
against the real thing.now.and for the
first time in his life begins to feel the ;
power of public judgment. He is no;
longer the self-composed, unruffled po
litical manager. When advised to-day
by a high State official to ; withdraw
from the hopeless contest for the sake
of the Republican party, j he : ■ became
fiercely indignant and exclaimed: ■'}
"To hell with the party." . I ■ •
Burns cannot be elected Senator. He
must get his coveted vindication
through . the courts or the ballot box.
He cannot get it from this Legislature,
for | the majority of Republicans look
to higher considerations than the grat
ification of personal ambitions. While
the "Colonel" cannot win. he still pos
sesses the power to punish, and' the
way he threatens is calculated to make
the weak and timid fear for results.
y Colonel Burns has written the epi
taph for Senator Bulla's political tomb
stone. The refusal of the Los Angeles
Senator to entertain for an instant the
colonel's demand for a caucus caused
a great outburst of wrath in the camp
of the C&ndelaria candidate. The sig
nal has gone out from the corral that:
Bulla is politically damried for all time
and - that .no consideration must be
shown him. \ The . railroad is to black
list* him and down' him whenever he
raises his head. In short, ; the "Colo
nel has read him out of the Republi
can party, and Herri stands ready to
drive him from the State. •*:
Bulla, it seems; had the manliness to
flatly refuse to take orders from the
corporation and to make his refusal so
emphatic that his meaning could not be
misunderstood. . The most vigorous on
slaught to break up Senator Bulla's lit
tle camp may be the next order given.
It is as. true as gospel that Burns? now
full of hatred? is out for revenge. He
will probably remain in the -field : as
long he can inflict punishment on
his- political enemies, and when he re
tires will send his ' forces to the aid. of
' the candidate • least ? objectionable to
him before the Legislature. • :
Senator Rowell did not vote' for Bulla
to-day, as agreed ; * upon, but cast .= bis
vote as usual for Thomas Bard. . A
pending ', scheme to unite the "tallend
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ers"; probably Induced Dr. Rowell to
await further developments. Senator
Flint may decide to join his voting
companion In the departure from Bard.
Flint is always ■ close mouthed about
his own intentions, and his real pur
pose may not be disclosed until he casts
his vote. He is non-committal on the
subject of a caucus and does not ex
press any objection to the deadlock.
Irving M. Scott is again on the scene
of the Senatorial conflict. He arrived
here from San Francisco last evening,
and gave the impression that he was
decidedly friendly to the cause of Gen
eral Barnes. It was believed last night
that he would use his influence to per
suade Senator Davis and Assembly
man Dunlap to vote for Barnes when
he (Scott) reached the conclusion that
he had no chance to win for himself.
After talking with several Bulla men
and listening to the plan for a "tall
end" caucus he changed his mind and
accepted the suggestion that Senator
Davis and Assemblyman Dunlap
should first honor the Los Angeles can
didate with their support and get into
the Barnes camp later on if the pros
pects of the General should take on
the lustre of immediate success. In
the absence of ex- Mayor Ellert, Mr.
Scott has floundered around. He is not
as steady as the Oregon or as speedy
as the Chitose. It is suggested that he
has made a little combine with Sena
tor Bulla to help the Lbs. Angeles can
didate now, and in return for his sup
port at this time secure, four years
hence, the backing of Bulla when a
Senator is to be chosen to succeed Sen
ator Perkins.
Ex-Harbor Commissioner Dan T.
Cole, who now holds a Federal position
in the United States Mint at San Fran
cisco, arrived to-night. He is here this
trip for Burns. Cole introduced Grant
throughout the State. He took Grant' d
money to influence the election of the
legislative ticket in' Grant's favor. He
I gave some of the money to Assembly
man Jilson, who is now voting for
Burns, and kept some for himself to
pay his own expenses. The records of
the - harbor investigation charge this
same Dan Cole with reckless misman
agement of a public trust and practical
ly accuse him of defrauding the State
of a large sum of money in connection
with the construction of the Ferr- De
pot at San Francisco, . He comes here
to tell members of the Legislature that
they should go into a caucus to elect
Dan Burns United States Senator.
The weight that Cole carries can be
imagined, as he is the man who made
to Judge Clough a proposition that the
Plumas Assemblyman indignantly
spurned. When it is called to the pub
lic mind that Cole offered an induce
ment to Judge Clough to vote for
Grant, what must the people think of
the ex-Harbor Commissioner's presence
at this time to induce members of the
Legislature to vote for Burns.
. A swarm of touts arrived from San
Francisco* to-night and all along the
Candelaria line there is talk that the
great show-down is to take place next
Friday. Men who are on the inside
know that it will not happen on .that
day or any other day of this session. -
The minority conference appointed to
meet to-morrow will probably consist
of the Bulla men and two or three
others. The Barnes men have resolved
to stand firm until Grant and Burns
retire from the field. As far as can be
ascertained that is . the resolution
formed- late to-night. ■ To-day when
• Grant was invited to enter the Strat
ton-Bulla conference he declined to
■countenance any movement in favor of
Bulla. He said . his men would stay in
the field as long as Burns was a candi
date and then if they decided to leave
him many would prefer General Barnes
to Bulla. 7: .7- .
Ex-Harbor Commissioner ."William H.
Brown arrived from San Francisco to
night. He is hero to look over, the field,
study the situation and. report the re
sults of his observations to W. F. Her
rin of the Southern Pacific. If -Ml*..
Brown shall reach the conclusion that -
D. M. Burns Is enga^d in a hopeless
Struggle for the Senatorship. and that
a prolongation of the struggle will do
the corporation harm instead of good,
he will so report to Mr. Herrin, in or
der that some candidate more accept
able to the people than Burns may be
put .forward. '-. .
The Call Is in possession of Informa
tion obtained rom 7 authentic sources
that the railroad has placed a time
limit on the corporation's support of
Burns'? cause... If Dan cannot make
substantial gains this week the fight
in his. behalf will be declared off.
Brown, may be one .of several agents .
appointed to 7 obtain... information for
Herrin. In the yellow building there
is increasing belief in the! .truth of the
statements that Burns has reached the
utmost limit : of his following, and that
further efforts, to force his candidacy
may provoke throughout the State a
feeling of bitter resentment toward the
'. management of the road:
• Martin Kelly; who has been sick" with
the grip, arrived here to-night and held
a prolonged conference with Dan
. Burns- ' I . y . -■. ' - • • *./■/■.
f : ?- Harbor Commisison Bill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. .. SACRA-'
MENTO, Feb. "14.— The Senate Committee
on Commerce, Harbors and Rivers agreed
to-night to report .back to the Senate with
an unfavorable, recommendation bill., 426,
which creates a board;, of State harbor,
comrnmissiohers. ' arid which. = if allowed °
to become a law, would compel the pres
. ent Harbor Commissioners, to -leave Office
before the time .for' which .-they are ap
pointed had expired. Senator Dickinson
had. formulated a substitute for the bill,
which .was presented to . the.* committee
and on the representation /that the? sub
stitute would be introduced 'to-morrow the
committee reported adversely . upon ° the
bill. The substitute ." allows- the present
Commissioners to hold office during* the**
I term of tour year* >- ?2
INCIDENTS OF THE DAY AT SACRAMENTO.
WILL CAUCUS WITH BURNS
AND GRANT IN LEFT OUT
-. y.. -.•■,,- . . . y r, ;:• .-...■....-■■■• - ; *: v." ■ • v" •,
--_ ..: .i, . ;ii ' '•» . -yy '
"■"-.. ' ' " " ". ' 'y7 '/>-.
Melick's Plan for Breaking the
Deadlock Agreed 'To! ? .
Supporter^ of the; Tail-End Candidates
Will Select One of the Aspirants
"'it- -■'. '■ *. ' •
■7/ and Endeavor to Cause ay?
Stampede,
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. 14.— Assemblyman Wal
ter S. M*>lick makes the following public statement regarding the Senatorial
situation: • -"-.'; *-... >*.-y. ■ : Yy- ■ ' y
"My key to open the deadlock Is one which ought to appeal to all for its
fatness. It Is this: .f|gg_
"Have a conference of all those who are not voting for Grant or Burns.
Those thirty members having assembled in conference might first determine
if every one of them would vote for either Bulla, Barnes, Scott, Bard. Estee
or Felton, who are now being voted for. If any one of these candidates would
be satisfactory to every member, then the conference might resolve '■ itself
into a caucus and decide on which candidate should be the candidate of the
thirty in joint convention. In fairness it should be agreed that all of them
would stay with the candidate selected until the majority (or sixteen) should
say that another shoulu be selected. For instance, suppose Bulla should be
the nominee of the thirty at first; then, if balloting for him in convention by
the thirty would show that he could not draw any of the Grant or Burns
vote*., then the conference might take up Barnes. If Barnes could not draw
from the other votes, the thirty could take up Scott, Bard, Felton and E&
t^p, each in succession. , If none of the candidates now being voted for could
prove a winner -we. could pick out some other candidate^ •' .
"This afternoon I saw all the anti-Grant and anti-Burns voters and every
one agreed to. a conference. If the one to be held to-morrow at 5 o'clock
should develop some such plan I believe the deadlock will be broken. If. we
do not succeed by some such plan, then the odium of the situation will be
thrown on Colonel Burns or Mr. Grant, for we will have, demonstrated that.
we aimed at the good of the State and of the Republican party rather than
the selfish ambition of any one candidate." . y* : - yy??-
Out of all this talk is. after all, to come a caucus. Not such a one as .
Mr. Burns of Yolo and Mexico, has well nigh moved the cornerstone of the
Capitol to. accomplish, nor yet such a one as his every ribald tout has given
up his voice to since this unusual campaign opened. It is to be a caucus of
the "tail-enders." the little fellows who .Mr. Grant of San Diego says are .
running through the Senatorial landscape with lightning rods stuck in
their hats, and Its essential feature Is that it is to be utterly anti-Grant and
anti-Burns. It is their elimination, not their election, that the supporters y
of Bulla and Barnes, of Scott and Bard and the rest have 'planned, and
Assemblyman Walter Melick of Los Angeles and Senator Frank Stratton
of Oakland are looming on the political horizon as the possible breakers of
this forty days' deadlock. "-.'•?' •'• ".. .."?" s;.s*U£ yyy.y- '■'. :'".■■:■
The plan, which emanates from Mr. Melick. was considered pro and con
tills morning at a little star chamber meeting hold in room 53. 0f the Capitol.
It was a conference sub rosa and Its deliberations were not intended for the:
cars of others than the eight legislators who made up the party. • They were:
Senator Stratton of Oakland, Senator Davis of Amador. Senator Rowell of 7
Fresno. Senator Simpson of Los Angeles, Senator Currier of Orange, Sena
tor Taylor of Alameda, Senator Gillette of. Humboldt and Assemblyman
Bliss of Alameda.
Senator Stratton has been quietly working up such a conference since?.
Saturday night. Its sole object was to settle upon some plan by which all the
minor factions could reach an agreement. No plan was settled upon by the
original eight, and when they adjourned this morning's meeting it was with
the intention of calling a general conference of all the anti-Grant and anti-
Burns forces for 4 o'clock this afternoon. Although Melick was not present,
It was understood that he approved the proposition and during the better
part of the day he occupied himself with sounding the minority and broaching
the plan of action he proposes. '?,-.' ; ;•'.'.'•:-' -?"*
; His scheme is so uniquely new that only a practical test will demonstrate
its merit. He proposes first to call a conference of all those who- are voting
for candidates other than Grant and Burns, at which it could be decided
whether there is one man In the field for whom every one of the thirty
would vote. '-Ty?*; '/i'y/: - -,??•:';;-
In other words, whether they would all center on either Barnes, Bulla,*
Scott, Bard, Estee or Felton. If it were found that any one of these candi
dates was satisfactory to them all, the conference would resolve itself Into
a caucus and decide that the chosen one be the choice of the thirty In joint
convention. If the selected candidate did not win over enough Grant and
Burns votes ln the opening ballot to assure his election, then a majority of
the caucus would select another of the crowd, and so on until they had all
been given a try-out. The last one falling, another candidate would be
decided upon to swing In at the eleventh hour and either break the dead
lock or let the question of electing a Senator go over to the next session.
. Mr. Melick'B. proposition was as complicated as the Assembly clock, but
It found favor; and by 4 o'clock this afternoon every one of the thirty had
agreed to the proposition In toto, and the conference Would have come off
as advertised but for the fact that the Senate did not adjourn until a much
later hour than the Assembly, and when the representatives from both
houses finally turned up in room 53 there were only fifteen present. There
was a general talk and finally it was decided that the whole matter should
go over until to-morrow afternoon at 5 o'clock. '
• . In the meantime every one: will be notified* to be on hand, and Senator
Stratton has been delegated to do. the rounding up of the clans. He will be
assisted by Melick, who has a list signed by every one of the thirty. '
Those who were, on hand this afternoon were ; Senators Gillette, Flint,
Rowell, Taylor; Stratton, Davis, Currier, Simpson, Morehouse, Luchslnger,
and Assemblymen Valentine, Belshaw, Atherton, Melick and L. A. Miller.'
The alacrity with which they have taken hold of the project Is considered
. here as. deeply significant of the firm resolve. of those who are not voting
for- them that neither Dan M. Burns nor Ulysses 8. Grant shall represent
"this State in- the Senate, no matter how wildly they wield their political club,
or how temptingly: they jingle good campaign gold. '. '"
• Although this plan of Mellck's has been on the carpet since Saturday, there
were 'few outside, the originators— and Stratton— had been
aware of It. The . understanding . arrived at between these two men, one an
adherent of Bulla, the other of Barnes, has made the scheme more than a
possibility. The plan was at first somewhat modified from its present as
pect. Senator- Stratton, had a plan which was all his own, and he broached It
to General Barnes only a day or so ago. It consisted of a rather risky
loan of General Barnes* strength, and when It came to the ears of his sup
porters they declined to' accede to it. Stratton's plan was to go over to
Bulla and take with him Assemblyman Knowland of ' Alameda, If any
thing < would start , a break; he figured, that would. If Bulla could not gain
more ,votes It would also develop that, and the Los Angeleno would be satis
fied to quit the game "arid reciprocate Barnes' courtesy by resigning - his
strength to him. , It sounded pretty when Stratton explained it, but it was too
much in the line of other glittering dreams that have been floating around
town to suit the rest of -the crowd, and it was declared off. ■;
.-. i'ellck's proposition, has been accepted as the one feasible solution, and
•to-pwrrow it will-be put to the test, i ••'"-•; ■
BURNS IN POSSESSION OF
A ROOM IN THE CAPITOL
CALL -. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO", ?Feb: .14.— Among the various
duties and, "responsibilities attached to
the office of Secretary of State is one that
makes the Secretary the custodian of the
rooms in the Capitol building. For many
years room 40 has been used as the pri
vate office of. the adjutant • general of
the National Guard'- of California, but It
is no longer connected with the military
department of the State government. In
stead it is used to a considerable extent
as an apartment where Colonel Burns can
hold private interviews with the Senators
and Assemblymen of the State of Cali
fornia. y -„•: 7 • .-.-. ,
.Yesterday Senator Smith of Kern
County, while occupying his seat in the
.Senate, was told by the Secretary of State
that a gentlman desired to see him in
room 40. Senator Smith went to • the
apartment and found himself face to face
with Daniel M. Burns. "'.;'?"
The "colonel" = did not hesitate to ask
outright for the support of the Senator
from Kern. /•y'y'7 ;.-■•
The Senator was equally f rank' and out
spoken. He said to. Burns: "My con
stltuents do not • want you for United
States Senator, and I cannot arid will not
support you for that office."
' The fact that Burns was frankly and
directly refused Is not so significant, . as
several rebuffs of the same nature hap
pened, to the "colonel" yesterday, but It
does ' signify a good deal that a room
needed for the public uses should be de
tached from the adjutant general's of
fice and used as the headquarters of a
Senatorial candidate. In olden times the
great railroad manager, Stow, was wont
to ."do" politics In this identical room, and
perhaps some traditions of luck may be
connected with It, At this time sub
jects connected with the welfare of Cali
fornia soldiers at the front. and National
Guardsmen at home might suggest that
the adjutant general should have more
than one s room for the demands of the
public service, but that consideration
counts for nothing when the convenience
of Dan Burns is involved.
NO MONEY IN IT FOR
EX-SPEAKER WRIGHT
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 14.— Ex-Judge Walter Levy :
and J. H. Chretien of San Francisco were
before the Assembly Committee on Pub
lic Morals last night while the , commit
tee had under consideration Assembly
Mil 519, a measure affecting the use of j
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, -FEBRUARY 1 5, 1899.
"ANYBODY BUT BURNS,"
SAY THE GRANT MEN
! A Secret Caucus at Which It Was Unani- j
| mously Decided That the Mexican Must j
I Be defeated at All Hazards. ; |
v7'77i7. y ; y.'/. ■ a
: ? CALL HEADQUARTERS? SACRAMENTO, Feb. 714.-^The supporters of Ulysseß S. Grant will stand by him as long f
' as, Dan M. Burns shall continue a factor In the Senatorial situation. This much and more the Grant people decided'
' upon to-night in secret caucus held at the Golden State Hotel, at which all of the San Dlegan's adherents were present -
(.except Assemblymen de Lancie, Raub, Huber and Greenwell and Senator Cutter; The absentees, however, all sent? .
, -word that they would be bound by the decision of the majority so that this declaration.of renewed fealty to the south- a
' erner's standard may be considered unanimous Loyalty to their leader, however, made up but half the business y
transacted during the evening, y "
', -.' • A plan of future campaign, Which will be begun to-marrow, was mapped out and a steering committee of three As*- G
i seinblymen and two Senators appointed to carry, it into ; effect? Future procedure contemplates. apian for a caucus ". that .
i is second in uniqueness only to that put forth by Assemblyman Melick, As his is, so is this to; be, anti-Burns first, : last" (J
i and all the time, but.it Is not to be anti-Grant. To-morrow the steering committee, which is composed of Assemblymen a
Radcliffe, Milled and McDonald -of Alameda, and Senators Jones and Smith; will circulate among the supporters of Bulla *-
'-. and Barnes and the rest of the candidates outside of Burns. They will preach loudly the anti-Burns gospel and urge
? earnestly an anti-Burns caucus. They Will ask the others who are standing out to meet with them in amity and com- . S
1 bine against the common enemy $
i . They will consent that when they are stowed quietly away' in caucus from ? the world", and the newspapers ' they ■(«
, shall take a certain number of votes- for Mr. Grant and if he does not get enough votes to carry, him through, then '$
the next man. shall have his Chance, and so on down the line to the last of them.. It is a pretty proposition and it
1 will be doled out in soft phrasing -to-morrow to the other candidates and their supporters. 7 •.••• .7 -.-«
To-night's caucus was secret or It was nothing. It was not held at Mr. Grant's headquarters, as is the usual .
1 custom, but at a little side-issue hotel. away from prying eyes. .Each, party to it was required to •• swear with ' up- («
i lifted hand that a true account of its decision to stand with Grant, to the finish arid its future caucus policy should a
■ not go forth to the world. ? It was the intention when the caucus first convened to give to the press an account of r
the proceedings some time to-morrow, but even that was thought better of. . . '.' -•'?•'■ •"' ?.:■
It was plainly the unanimous sentiment of . the . committee, that Mr. Grant must be Senator, if possible,
1 and that if it should 'develop that he cannot win, then it must be. anybody else, rather than Dan M. Durns. On the mat- $
1 ters that came before them, Mr. Grant's adherents were a unit. The sense of all their decisions was that no matter 5
i what the cost or sacrifice, the man from Mexico must not win. .. ■ (•
TO eliminate his last chance of success they agreed/unanimously among themselves to a plan of \ caucus which may
yet compel them to leave their chosen leader by the wayside to carry some other Into .the position to ' which Dan M.- c
Burns might otherwise be elected^ only to disgrace.it. ,*-■■■ (•
■ <i
>fofafafafafaftfafafafaftftft ft ft ft ®®®®®® ® ® ® ®'® ®®®®® ®ft ft ft- ft fa ft. fa ftftft ft ft ftftft r.
nickel-in-the-slot?' machines. Ex-Judg<
Levy was explaining to the members o
the committee that he represented ciga
merchants of San Frartcisco who wen
opposed to the bill. Ex-Speaker Wrigh
asked several questions as to the. name
of ' the firms Judge Levy represented -ani
finally asked the "attorney to give "th
firm addresses. Judge Levy . did' no
like the tone of the Inquiries, and whei
his patience was about exhausted turnn
to the committee and addressed the mem
bers in this style:
"I want to say now that I am here a
the attorney of leading Cigar merchant
of San Francisco to defeat- this bill, ant
1 am willing to give the firm addresse
to Mr. Wright, but I. assure you no v
that there is not a cent In It for any
body."
The rebuke upset the ex-Speaker am
the subsequent proceedings interested
him no more. . -
aja&^Mv, — ' — , — -— —
BILL TO EXTERMINATE
LIGHTING COMPANIES
CALL . HEADQUARTERS, . SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 14.— Cinch bills, like many,
other things. found around a Legislature,
will. not down. They can,: however, be
withdrawn,, and one that found its way
into the Assembly this morning will meet,
with that alternative , to-morrow as soon
: as Radcliff. 'who Introduced It, can get
1 the attention 'of the Speaker. The bill
jls aimed, at. the electric lighting com
. j panics, but it is said that its particular-
I object of attack is the Blue Canyon cor-,
I poratlon that has. a scheme on foot: to
: furnish light to the residents of San
| Francisco
j There is no finesse displayed in the con-
I struction of the measure. It comes out
i brutally, and: arbitrarily establishes a fixed
rate bri each electric light used, which,
! if the bill were allowed to become oper
! ative, would close down every 1 power plant,
' furnishing power or light to any. city of.
over 50,000 population.
It provides that, no electric light com
pany or corporation shall charge a rate
of over 5 cents a month for each sixteen
candle power lamp. For lamps that burn
over sixteen candle power no more may
be charged unless a full sixteen • candle
power additional is used, when 5 cents
more may be charged.
For lamps that burn under sixteen can
dle power the rate is only 2 cents a month
each. The bill is also designed to attract
the attention of the gas companies. In
another section it provides that no: cor
poration shall place in any building any
meter or gauge for determining the
amount of fluid used therein for lighting
purposes, nor shall they sell to one per
son light at a cheaper rate than to an
other. Any corporation or company vio
lating the provisions of the act shall.be
liable to the aggrieved person for dam
ages In the sum of $250; costs and attor
ney fee of $50. .y-y.>- .
The bill' was Introduced by Mr. Rad
cliff upon the request- of San Francisco
parties, who assured him that it was.
a perfectly proper measure. As soon as
; he took time to look Into It he discov
-1 ered its more than questionable intent
j and announced that to-morrow he "would
ask permission to withdraw It.
BILLS FOR CURTAILING
NEWSPAPER ADVERTISING
CALL HEADQUARTERS, • SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 14.— Senator Davis' , bill
amending section 1195 of the Political
Code regarding the publication of pro
posed constitutional amendments was
brought up before the Senate this morn
ing and passed after another speech, the
fourth, against it by Senator Shortridge.
The . bill . provides that constitutional
amendments instead of being advertised
In the newspapers, as has been the cus
tom, shall be printed by the Secretary of
State- and inclosed in the envelope
containing the sample ballot and mailed
together. The bill provides further that
no other method of publication, shall be
provided or authorized. • Senator Short
ridge.said he knew the bill would pass,
but he would speak against It once more
for his own benefit. .
Another slice from the diminishing ad
vertising columns of the newspapers Is
bsorbed by a : measure . introduced by
stratton providing for the establishment
if street repairing, paving and grading
'ants in cities of 5000 or' over. His bill
ilaces street ■ work in • the hands of the
ioards of Public Works, or their equlva
ents, and provides that the Work .- shall
iot be advertised. • . ,
'. League? ot Municipalities. ; '../•
CALL HEAL v.aRTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 14.— The League of the
California Municipalities met this morn
ing at 11 o'clock at Pioneer Hail and pro
ceeded to organize. In the absence of
Mayor Phelan of San " Francisco? R. W.
Snow, candidate for Mayor of Oakland,
was elected chairman. No business was
taken up. as the league wishes a full at
tendance of delegates from the .-parlous
municipalities before commencing: its
work. Mayor Phelan is expected to at
tend the meeting to-morrow.. The object
of me league is to consider all matters
in the shape of bills, etc., which come
up in the Legislature.
: » . . -. „, y
Bills Favorably Exported. '-'.." -
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
IENTO, Feb. 14.*— The Assembly SACRA
NTO, Feb. 14— The Assembly Commit
tee on Corporations met this evening and
agreed to. report back to the- Assembly,
with favorable recommendations, bills 22.
and 46. Bill 226 is an act for the better
protection of the ; stockholders in corpo
rations ■' formed under the laws ■of this
State, in regard to mining. .Bill '46- re
lates to ; the investment of State funds, a
NO CHANGE IN THE VOTE
$ ■•?'." CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SAC- °
O RAMENTO, Feb.* 14.—There were .. O
♦'. rumors afloat this morning that
9 the Senate would be first to break <§>
q Its Senatorial shackles and end the <-,
.<■>■ deadlock. The. anticipated, break •<">
6 was: located 'in the . Barnes ..' and -o ;
♦ : Bulla: forces and the adherents of <?>
9 both 'candidates were closely 6
q watched Up to the time when the 7|>
<S> roll was called. . Every- Sentor °
P voted just as he has been 'voting p
<£ for these many weeks. ♦.
° There was no change and again *?
O an election has been averted, q
<s> Judge ClOugh Interrupted the pro- <••
O: cccdings with a resolution invlt- O
♦ . ing a general Senatorial j convcH- ■ ♦ .
. tion : at which" all the candidates <J>?
6 should be called upon, to speak, .q.
♦ . the worst speaker in the bunch <£>
9. tq be dropped from the fight.. -■'•■■%
q . President pro tern. Flint declared, q
<•> Clough out of order and the fifty- y
0 first ballot resulted as follows . p
.<&.,. . : .:.' •• *'■ --■•' " . -.-■• - ' : '- -®:
o v y' BARNES -y . ..:. .11 ■■/■:. o
'<& ESTEE ■'. .i. .. , 1 ? ■"[*>.
a- BULLA .. . ... .13 £
p BURNS v\ -." .... 26 6
5 .FELTON .. . . ... 1 §
# GRANT ..... .... 28 .. <§>
°; y SCOTT . . .'.:.'... .2 • $
o BARD ........ 2 0
o WHITE ....... 26 . P
£.- ROSENFELD ?.. . 2 |
<» JETER ....... 1 <$>
2 PHELAN . ..... 1 . £
o O
__$>o<s>o<*>o<s>o<s>o <*>o<s>o<s>o <?>o-s>o <s>o<s>o__
WORKS' FACE PROTECTION
BILL IN THE SENATE
. CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 14.— The bill introduced by
young Mr. Works in the Assembly pro
viding for the protection of people afraid
of their faces Came before the Seriate this
afternoon, and Immediately Senator Short
ridge was on -his feet.
• Young Mr. Works' bill provides for the
surcease of the cartoonist's art. He
wants to make.it a crime to publish cari
catures of any one and, taking a step fur
ther, he wishes to. knock out newspaper
portraits of any one without the consent
of the subject. It has passed the Assem
bly and Senator Shortridge has been keep
ing a specially keen and heavy ax wait
ing for its appearance on the file. When
it came up he swung his ax and started
to work: The Senator was not prepared
to do the bill Justice at the moment, a
condition unusual for him, so he moved
that the bill go over until Thursday,
when he wanted It made a special order
for the evening session.
Bulla objected because he thought the
night session should not be devoted to
Assembly bills, and Davis suggested that
there was no guarantee that on Thurs
day evening the gallery would be any
fuller than it then was. ■ r.j
Shortridge declared the night session
was the proper time for. the pen-wounded
legislators to parade their hurts, and he
was preparing: to rid himself of some of
the store of oratory, he has in keeping
for young Mr. Works and his bill, but
Bulla raised a point of order. He point
ed to the clock and observed .that the
time for the consideration of Assembly
bills was passed and although there was
a full minute more of time the chair de
clared the point well taken and closed the
discussion. .
MEASURES CONSIDERED
IN THE UPPER HOUSE
'.. CALL HEADQUARTERS, - SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 14,-The emergency file of
the Senate was. made up this morning. 7 It
has twenty-seven bills upon it,', the pet
measures of the Senate. Members were
allowed to take bills from, either the sec
ond or third reading file, but as all the
bills now on the third reading file will re
ceive • early consideration It turned . out
that the file is made up mainly of bills for
second readjng.
A message from the Assembly. reported
that Senator Wolfe's amendment: to As
sembly constitutional amendment. - No. .6
had not passed the Assembly.: The con
stitutional amendment' was that one pro
viding for the exemption of church prop
erty? and Wolfe's amendment made an ex
ception -of church property which was
rented and for which rent was paid.
There was some - fault found with . the
wording of the amendment, and a com
mittee composed of Assemblyman John
son, Works, and Boone was appointed to
meet a similar committee from .the Sen
ate to confer on the question. The Sen
ate committee Is composed of Senators
Wolfe, Ashe and Gillette. The, committee
met during the morning and were unani
mous in . reporting back in favor of the
amendment as altered. The sense or prin
ciple of - the * amendment • was unchanged
It was only a question of words, and the
bill will be ready for the Governor within
a few days.
Assembly bill 229, providing for a State
flower and. naming the* eschscholtzla, or
"golden poppy," for that honor, was
passed by the Senate. Laird voting no.
Simpson brought up the bill circum
scribing the circulation of the State libra
ry books/which was passed yesterday, on
a motion to reconsider, but he had his
* trouble for his pains. -The motion to re
consider was lost.
Bulla introduced a bill providing that
officers and men .of th* National Guard
who enlisted. in the Volunteer service, or
v. ho ! may hereafter enlist, shout J upon
their, return, be allowed to resume their
places, in-, the. Guard, with the same rank
as before... It is also provided that their
service in the volunteer service • shall
count as service in the National Guard.
•Stratton Introduced a bill providing for
the establishment of street grading, pav
ing and repairing- nlants in cities of 5000
and over, and authorizing the purchase of
land and the .erection of; Duud'ngs. to
house the implements and livestock nec
essary to the -plant. -.'. 7
Assembly bill 136,. providing, for the erec
tion of an executive:' mansion in Sacra
mento, after being amended to reduce the
amount.-of the appropriation from $69,500
to $50,000. and to change the designation
from ."mansion'"' to.' "residence" : wherever.
it occurred, was passed to third reading.-,
Morehouse. introduced a bill this after-,
noon, providing for the appointment of "an
agent, to act under the direction of. the;
State. Board of Horticulture, whose duty
It shall be to investigate Eastern markets
for deciduous fruits and keep the board
informed- of business chances in .the -East,
The bill provides for an appropriation of
$5000 to. carry Out the plan... •
Luchslnger presented a. bill' for $171 30,
the expenses of "the -junket to the Ukiah.
Asylum last. Saturday and Sunday. ■'■ Luch
singer also submitted a bill providing for.
a Board of Plumbers to examine aspiring
members ,of their profession and award ,
them certificates of merit allowing them
to practice if they should pass creditably.
BURNS' MAN HOCHHEIMER
WILL NOT BE SENATOR
.CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 14.— The Republican "or
ganization" which Is represented in Sac
ramento by Major McLaughlin and some
Others of the' Burns workers has received
notification that H. A. HochheiriiCr Is not
to be the Republican nominee for State
Senator at the special election called, for
the purpose of filling the vacancy caused.
,by the death of the late Senator Boggs
of Colusa. To put It in the language of
the "push" Hochheimer has been "turned
down,", a proceeding that will not be re
ceived as good news by the Burns touts,
because Hochheimer was programmed for
the place and the special election was
called for his especial benefit.
During his recent visit to Sacramento
to "square" himself with the "organiza
tion" and secure the calling of the special
election he was hailed by the touts as one
of themselves, and was given the title of
"Senator" in anticipation of the honor It
was confidently expected would be his.
According' to the news that has reached
Sacramento, the Republicans of the
Eighth Senatorial District do not take
kindly to Mr. Hochheimer, mainly for the
reason that he was known to be working
in the Interest of Burns' Senatorial candi
dacy, and as a consequence they " deter
mined to nominate some man who would
stand some show of being elected against
the .- Democratic candidate, James W.
Goad. The man they have selected, for
the honor is said to be E. W. Jones, ex-
Sherlff of Colusa County.'
It Is more than probable that the people
of the district will, insist on knowing if
Jones Is favorable to Burns before they
will consent to cast their votes for him.
TO REGULATE THE COST
OF TELEPHONE SERVICE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 14.— Assemblyman Crow
der of San Diego Introduced a bill to-day
constructed along the same lines -as? the
constitutional amendment | proposed by
him on^londay. It establishes a. fixed rate
on telephone service .arid provides •: for.
switches. •'.
The bill provides that no person or cor
poration shall charge or collect as rental
for the use of any. telephone Instrument a
sum exceeding $3 per month where one
telephone only is used by one person, com
pany or corporation. Where two or more
telephones are used the rental shall riot
exceed $2 60 per month each. ■ ■->.-■■
-. Every telephone s company Is required
to make connections with any place of
business, the owner of which, shall de
mand a s telephone, and upon . refusal • to
do so the applicant may erect, the lines
and make the connections upon his own
order. and the telephone corporation shall
be required to put in the necessary in
struments at a cost not to exceed $2 50
per 'month for ; each instrument required.
No switch charges shall be made within
a radius of thirty miles; nor shall any
nlckel-ln-the-slot or other, paying device
be attached to any instrument.
. Switches may be charged for at the rate
of 25 cents each to points outside a radius
of thirty miles and inside of fifty miles. '
Outside the - fifty-mile . limit an addi
tional sum of 5 cents may be charged for
each twenty-five miles for the first two
minutes' talk, providing- that no charge
for any two-minute conversation shall
exceed $1. .*  ?-yy. * ;• ~ •■ .
Infraction of the law Is classed as a mis- !
demeanor punishable by a fine of not less
than $25 nor more than $250.
The bill went to the Committee on
Corporations.
Printing Office Expenses.
CALL HEADQUARTERS,- SACRA- !
MENTO. Feb. 14.-The Finance Commit
tee of the Senate j will ' report favorably !
upon a bill appropriating $75,000 for the j
expenses of the State printing offlce dur
ing the present session of the Legislature ''
Also -upon a- bill ■> appropriating. s2s,ooo to
build a State road at Lake Tahoe.
A bill providing for the payment of cer
tain claims of John Mullen for pressing
the claims of the State against the United
States dating as far back as the civil war.
will ,be favorably, reported i upon. The'
committee cut down Mullen's commission
however, from 15 per cent to 10 per cent. '
LEGISLATORS WHO
BOLDLY DEFY THE
RAILROAD THREATS
More Members Go on Record in
'/'..y Opposition to the Caucus ?■??;
Proposition.
Dan Burns and His Allies Witness the Defeat
of Their Latest Scheme to Steal
the Senatorship.
CALL HEADQUARTERS,, I SACRA
MENTO, . Feb. 11— Dan Burns and; the
railroad, having made an attempt. to force
the legislators into a Senatorial caucus for
the benefit of the Mexican, are now forced
to stand by and be witnesses to their Own
impotency.. Not only have a majority of
the legislators refused to obey the orders
of the corporation and the corporations
candidate, ? but they are Soy little intimi
dated by the threats that have been made
that they now come out openly and are
putting themselves on record as being op
posed to the Burns scheme for a caucus.
Some of the members of the Legislature
who have been interviewed on the subject
feel a natural delicacy about expressing
themselves in set terms regarding the
scheme Burns has attempted to work in
order to get them in a position where he
may force them to cast their votes for
him.. : These members refrain from men
tioning Burns', name In connection with
their .expressed opposition to a. caucus,
but they make their "meaning clear by
saying they will never consent to a cau
cus as long as present conditions exist.
By "present conditions", is. meant Burns'
presence, in "he field as a Senatorial can
didate.7 •.'?'.>.'•?.'?•- Y'7/y'-/: '/.y/s-yi-:./;''
These legislators, as well as those who
Openly denounce Burns, appreciate the
fact that the great majority of the people
of the State are of the belief that the
election of Burns, to the United States
Senate would be a public calamity.
Knowing this to be true, they take the
position that it is their duty to oppose by
every means within their . power every
scheme that is set on foot by the railroad
company, and by interested individuals to
bring about Burns' election..
Realizing that the effort of the railroad
company to force a caucus is a. move
purely in the interest , of Burns' candi
dacy, the honest members of ; the. Legis
lature are opposing it and are making no
secret of their opposition.
Yesterday The Call published Interviews
With a large number of? legislators, who
openly expressed themselves as being op
posed to a caucus. Many others who are
of a similar Way of thinking have made
statements for publication, and their.in
terviews ; are given herewith:
Assemblyman C. M? Belshaw— l am ut
terly opposed to a secret caucus.*. I would
be willing to.go into a conference Where
the merits of the situation could be dis
cussed without binding any : one, ~ut as
for a caucus I will not agree to go into
one. .'..-'.'•
. Assemblyman F. E. Dunlap^-I am not in
favor of a caucus and will not go into one
so long as the conditions remain as they
are at present. Yoii. may quote me as say-.
ing that 1 am opposed to a caucus. : ....
i "Senator j.Nj;Gillotte-T:The interests of
the people of the State are at stake in
this matter, and ' for. that reason, if for :
no other, I amoppposed to a caucus. 1 will
not go into a caucus at this time, and . I
am riot-prepared to say that I will go into
one at any time during tne session..'
Senator J. F. Davis---At the present
time and under the present circumstances
I am opposed to a caucus and will not
go into one. The Senatorial situation at
present is such that I could not serve
my own wishes and those of my constitu
ents by agreeing to a caucus.
-Assemblyman L. R. Works-^I do not
•wish to expres myself, on the caucus
question at this time, but I will say that
1 do not think there will be a caucus.
Senator J. J. Luchslnger— At present I
am not in favor of a caucus, and in vir-v
of the present situation I will not go into
one. __ -. ' ■
• Senator D. H. Trout— l will never go j
into a secret caucus. I might consider ;
an open- caucus, a gathering of Repub
licans for public consideration of the
candidates for Senator, but I am opposed i
to a ' secret caucus.
Assemblyman J. A. Bliss— l am willing
to go into a general caucus; but will
absolutely refuse to -go Into a secret
caucus. ■■■.-•■• *
Assemblyman William McDonald— do
not propose to go Into any caucus, for I
do not see that anything more can be
done than Is being done on the floor of the
Assembly.
Senator A. E. Nutt— You can quote me
as being opposed to a secret caucus of
the Republican members of the Legisla
ture. '■■'•■ ■ ' ■■ : ; :■
•Senator J. J. Boyce— l will not say for.
publication how I stand on the caucus
question. •• . • .-...".;;■ ,7 "•-,
Senator A. T. Currier— l have not made •
up my mind about a caucus. I will have
to consult with my own people about the
matter before I give any opinion.
Senator W. F. Maggard— Lam opposed to
a caucus, particularly such a one as the
Burns people suggest. I . have been op
posed to it from the first and I will not
go into one. . ■ ,'.' ..■•■■ •* ■ ■ - ; . -■'■
Senator E. K. Taylor— l .certainly will i
riot go into a caucus, as at this time' a
caucus would only result in the election
of either Burns or Grant, and. as I am
opposed to ' both of these gentlemen, I
do not wish to See either of them elected. I
Senator Chester Rowell— As I am Voting ,
for Mr. Bard, who is an outside man, I j
G_3*9.l®_3e_3'Oße___'-9EF@S @S©i®_!i©l®
■ 7-/y/y.yT--; . ; .- >y.:?y V '.???■, ; ." gg
© - -:b: v SPECIAL— TODAY ONLY. ©
___! . y , v "^ . . -Q.
<*-*s H HK \Hj HI HJ i-» *c - 1 yts_ * ,j ''j. HI
■;* y *(;■'#-'• ' y;^^ P^ ■ Q
jg To introduce our fine line of Fish, etc, we offer special inducements to "®
|_S_j » vi.it and buy, if suited. K8I ;
@ REGULARLY Retail "_wy .nantity. Delivery free. TO-DAY'S PPICF #"*.
__ 20c FRESH EGGS, radch, not store 1 -._.
■ . 6^c BONELESS CODFISH, strips ..... y '''/''''''''■ 2*7 _H
/m. .- 2c CROMARTY OR YARMOUTH BLOATERS "" : "- ' i « A
*# 2c LABRADOR. ROUND OR SPLIT. HERRING " y- v •- : To •
KB lc PACIFIC HERPING. SOUSED ...... " " j'l£ £
™ $1.15 HOLLAND pERRING, Milchners, keg" '.' ' «o" " ■
(A - 15c FINNAN HArgIES. smoked, new, pound .v.""'y'"" 1,1. ©
2 15c HALIBUT. SMOKED. CHUNK ....... . ' '' -"wij-JS W
mm . 10c SALMON BELIES OR TROUT, each' ...xtjc 111
• 10c WHITE FISL family size, each " .' -S'-^*
15c SMOKED SALMON, bright, new ;:?""" '■'-' " Vn« _»
**E>J 5c MACKEREL half bbls. small, $9 each ••••'"•••• ' "' * ""■• ■••■*»<- ■__■
™ 7 $3.75 BLOATED MACKEREL, messed kits' """? '"*"_t*4o#. •" i_2
A $1 RUSSIAN 4-NCHOVIES OR SARDINES ' keg " " ' 7u?. _&
2 20c GOEFFRe MACARONI, none equal in San Frknci'sco* '.] 17 "c "<i
|• ' Packed ir^ts or other- packages for country
JJ. .- Smihs Cash Store, 25 Market st., San Francisco. ""- ■• ' ®
81-'- ■•"■•. ■' •"■■/•;' .'■'-■ "."'• g
.did .not- consider It worth my while to ...
give the matter much thought, and in
consequence have? hot made up my mind ■
upon the subject, and 1 wish to be so.,
quoted.
y. Assemblyman .N. P. Conrey— de- '..
mand for a caucus is made on. the pre-- y
tense that party loyalty requires us to :.
submit to. that plan of settlement of the .
Senatorial problem. By the general con-'
sensus of opinion in the southern-part of
the State (and I believe the same opinion
is strong in other sections) the election of
Mr. Burns would react unfavorably on ..-..'
the Republican party. . The ascertained
facts with regard to the financial part of j
Mr.' Grant's campaign are such that his.,
election would also react unfavorably on ,
the party.. Therefore, as a Republican, . l. : .
decline to favor any caucus, .wherein
either Mr. Burns or Mr. Grant could be •
considered for election.
.Assemblyman H. W. Brown of San .Ma-,
teo— will never go into caucus, on the '
Senatorship or any other question.
Assemblyman George Radcliff of. Santa'
Cruz— l am against a secret caucus.
: Assemblyman R. S. Raw of El Dorado— -
I am against a caucus.
■Assemblyman . H. . W. '-Chynoweth of .'••
Orange— l am opposed to a caucus at the
present time and. under the present con
ditions. ;\: ...■-.••;'>•.'•.•■■'" "■?:"
-Assemblyman Joseph Knowland of Ala- ,
mcda — I am against a caucus at this tlm*.
Assemblyman C. B. Greenwell— l" shall
never go into caucus. I think that will
tell you how I stand.
Assemblyman W. S. Robinson— l do not
think anything can be gained by a caucus?. '
arid do not believe this is ..ie time for it. ..
Assemblyman O.H. T^'iber— l will stand
for any sort of caucus me majority .'■■■
wants to arrange. I'm voting for Grant,
but I am a caucus man.
. Assemblyman ' A. H. Merrill— "l do- not .-■
object . to going into a caucUs providing
a majority of the Republican members
are in favor of the same. What I want
to see Is a Republican Senator elected,
for I think that if one is not there will be
a Democratic Senator to succeed White."
WOLFE'S TELEPHONE BILL
UNDER CONSIDERATION
CALL .7 HEADQUARTERS, .SACRA
MENTO; •'■ Feb. ? 14.— Senator Wolfe's bill
for -the regulation of telephone charges
•was before the Senate Committee on Cor
porations this evening, ■ but only long
enough for the author to explain it, then
it was . laid, over until Friday evening,
and in the meantime the telephone people
1 • will. be notified to be on hand or 'forever
I ; hold their peace. Wolfe explained that
his bill was in no way a "cinch" measure.
It. provides -. for . a • two-dollar rental for
telephones in cities of over 100.000 inhabi
tants, and more in proportion In smaller
cities? besides other details regarding pay
stations and the .Use of; telephones there.
He. figured the. company would get from
the? 14,000 telephones .In . San Francisco
.25.000 a month, or 7 per cent Interest on
$4,000,000, which -Is. more than the San
. (Francisco plant, is valued at. The bill
provides that .the company shall make 7
per .cent -interest, and -to. regulate its af-
I fairs in order- that it shall fix proper
i. rates, a telephone commission, consisting
| of the clerk of the Supreme Court,' the
State Controller and the State. Treasurer,
■ is provided.
I The bill relating; to the organization of
-.corporations to ■ transact the business of
: life, health and accident insurance on the
' stipulated premium plan, and also repeal-
I ing an act relating to life, health, acci
dent, annuity or endowment insurance on
the assessment plan, was also postponed
until to-morroW evening, when represen
tatives from a number of Insurance com
panies will appear before the committee.
Cornelius Sullivan, representing the com
pany of which he is president, gave a
lengthy discourse upon the benefits both
the rich and poor would derive from the
passage of the bill, and he also showed
—though not intentionally— that his own
company would also be infinitely bene
fited. Senator Shortridg-; appeared to take
great delight in being as antagonistic as
possible to the measure, inasmuch as he
thought It would directly benefit Sullivan,
and took every occasion to call that gen
tleman down. y? 7,-y?
PRIMARY ELECTION LAW
PASSES THE ASSEMBLY
; CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. Routine matters in the
Assembly to-< ay made the proceedings as
dull as is tie dally joint ballot. There
was- scarce "a- quorum half the time and
some of the time there was no quorum at
all. The fenate file was made the order
of 'the 1 ' dry. and .Curtln's Senate bill 5"
was mad* the one measure over which to
have the daily scrap. ■■ This measure raises
the sauries, of San Francisco's Superior
Judges from $4000 to. $5000 per annum, and
it. also carried an Increase of from $3000 to
$4000 li the 1 salaries of the Superior Judges
of Tuolumne and Shasta Counties. The
minority and Assemblyman Brown of SanMateo made a hard fight against its pas- I
sage on the ground of economy, and as: it
turned out their fight was a winning one.
Assemblyman Dibble, who was fathering
the measure through its Assembly career,
made the mistake of not having it passed
on file until a time when there were more
of the majority on hand to back him up,
and when It came to a vote it was lost.
He ordered a call of the House, but it
was of no avail.
Assemblyman Camlnetti of the minority
voted for the bill, and when It was de
feated changed his vote from aye to no
and gave notice that to-morrow he would
move to reconsider.
Senator Taylor's Senate bill 31 was with
drawn, as a duplicate Introduced In the
Assembly by Knowland of Alameda has
already passed both houses. The bill pro
vides a course of procedure by which
rltles may annex uninhabited strips of
territory lying adjacent to them.
Senator Stratton' primary election law
came up and was passed without much In
the way of opposition. "...
Senate bill 66, by Smith, was also al
lowed to become a law. Senate bill 30,
by Stratton, providing for the election of
delegates to nominating conventions, was
passed on the file. His Senate bill S3, re
lating to the nomination of candidates to
public office, was also passed. • Smith's
Senate bill 82. authorizing, the State
Treasurer to furnish his office, was
passed after some I ate. 'Morehouse's
Senate bill 46. permitting the Supreme
Court Commissioners to employ a secre
tary, and fixing the salary thereof, was
referred to the Committee of the. WhOhle
and reported back favorably It was
read the second time and ordered to the
third reading file. No night session was
held, and adjournment was taken to the
regular hour to-morrow morning..
PERKINS WILL NOT
MIX UP IN THE MUSS
: :y.7-- — ■ ■?'•••- :--?-y,'.y-V-v."!
WASHINGTON. Feb. 14.— Senator Per
kins was informed to-hrght that he had
been "roasted" by the Sacramento ? .Rec
ord-Union, which paper alleged that, he
was trying to hold up the proposed Sena
torial caucus. He said: -. -'/'■//.
"It would be presumptuous for me to
volunteer any advice to the California
Legislature In the selection of my col
league. Friends of the various candidates
have telegraphed me requesting my sup
port, but I have . Invariably replied that
It", would be In exceedingly bad taste for
me to take any part in this- contest. I;
have too keen an appreciation of the hon
or conferred upon me by the Legislature,
which twice elected me United States Sen
ator on the first ballot, to volunteer any
suggestion to It now. especially as it has
taken fifty ballots without coming to any ,
conclusion. If necessary. I will do my.
best to represent the interests of Califor
nia single-handed and alone, but I will
certainly not presume to offer any advice
or any suggestion as to Senator White's j
successor." . .
IN A BOWER OF
PEACH BLOSSOMS
Callaghan Byrne Weds
Mrs. Hope Ellis
7y -Sherwood.
• Orie -'of the prettiest weddings of the
reason was that at high noon yesterday
which ..ins Mrs. Hope Ellis Sherwood
and Callaghan Byrne man and wife as
they stood together in the parlors of the
Palace Hotel amid a fairy bower of
■peach blossoms, palms, ferns and lilies. :
Only those most intimate with the fam
ilies were present, as both Mr. and Mrs?
Byrne desired to have the affair as quiet
as..possible.. possible. *y -? '■??-. ■".
: Those seated at the bridal table com?
prised: Mr. and Mrs. Chllaghan . Byrne?
Hon. James D. Phelan, James W. Byrne.'
Mrs. A. C. Bingham of Marysviile, Mrs.
Clinton E. Worden. Miss Jennie Blair
Lawrence S. Vassault. Mrs. Fllkins, Mr"
and. Mrs. Alfred C. Tubbs and Henry J
Crocker.' ... . . ■ ••*■'•'.-'
_T£-1-, nth er_ *-er»: Mr. and Mrs. William
T.. Eliis,. Mrs. Margaret Irvine, Governor
and Mrs. Henry T. Gage. Mrs. Henry J.
Crocker. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph D. Grant,
A. C, Bingham. Mr. and Mrs. W. B
Tubbs. Mr.*. Lily H. Colt. Clinton E. Wor
den. Judge and Mrs. E. M. Ross. _____
Callahan, Mr. and Mrs. John H. J*ewett.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Davis of Los An
geles, Waiter B. Cooke. Mr. and Mrs. J.
S. Tobin Mr. and Mrs. Paul R. Jarboe.
Mrs: ■.*.*.... H. Crocker. Mrs. M. V. Baldwin,
Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Dimond. Mrs. Geortre
Hyde. Walter L. Dean, Daniel M Han
lon. ; Miss Daisy Ryan. Rev. Father Wy
man. Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Bushned of Los
Anscles, and Hon. Guy. Barham of Los
Angeles..-.
A MENACING BLAZE.
A fire which threatened destruction to
much property broke out in the block of
one .story, buildings on Market street, be
tween Twelfth and Brady, owned by the
Hobart estate, about half-past 11 o'clock
last evening. The blaze originated in the
rear of. Shaw's blacksmith shop where
about 400 tons of alfalfa hay belonging to
a party named Brandenstein was stored.
In a sh6rt time the entire hay stack was
raking flames into the air and the black
smith shop was ablaze. The fire spread
to. two unoccupied dwelllng-.houses, but
was got under control by the Fire Depart
ment, which lost ho time in getting to the
scene. Had the fire gained a little more
headway' the entire block would have
•been doomed to destruction as the houses
•are frame structures and are close to
cr.e another.
Considerable excitement prevailed in the
NEW FIRE COMMISSIONER
: :- RICHARD H, JONES, -
; y?::
•__ ICHARD H. JONES, who was appointed Fire Tiommlssioner. by the fioard :
RrCHARD H. JONES, who John W. McDonald, v\o .resigned' by Monday
of Supervisors to succeed John W. McDonald, wio resigned on Monday
• |"**| night, was born in San Francisco on March 14,^1562; and is the son of •
" jL'l. Thomas Jones, the well-known contractor. He vias educated in the public •"
schools of i this city, and was graduated from the Higri School in 1879. .
He has held positions "of trust in the Registrar's ar.i License Collector's of-7
fices, and was for five years employed in the Internal "aeyenue officii Six. years .;
' ago he went into the revenue brokerage business on Washington street, which'he '•
, has successfully conducted. .*V\ ? ''''-'■ ■• '..■"'•"-•••
-?-oIn politics he is a Republican, and has always, been active worker for the
party. He is also Interested in the Wine, Spirit and Tob_eco Review. /He isa
prominent-member of Alcatraz- Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden West: Spartan
Lodge. o Ancient Order United Workmen, and Western Addition Camp, Woodmen
of the .World. . "-??:>' • .^\ . • ;■...
Mr. Jones will bring a large amount of executive capaciyj, into bis adminis- '•'
tration of the duties of the office to which m? has been appointed, and the selec
<ian by the Suservi-ors l_ everywhere recognized as an exceleht one.
neighborhood after the alarm was sound
ed. The guests in- the Oriel Hotel/which
is opposite, made a hurried exit . with
whatever valuables they happened to pos
sess. The. tenants in the other. houses on
the block in which the fire was raging
called their neighbors to their assistance
in transferring their personal belongings
to the street,, which was soon strewn
with furniture and property from about
a score of dwelling nouses.
The total loss will approximate $5000.
The hay was valued at about $10 per ton
and will comprise about one-half of the
total. In the rear of the blacksmith shop
were stored a number of carriages, valued
at $3000. which were destroyed and on
which there was but $1000 insurance. The
loss on the two dwelling houses will be
about $1000. ■ ,
KELLOGG'S SUCCESSOR
STILL REMAINS UNNAMED
The Board of Regents of the State Uni
versity met in regular session at the Hop
kins Institute of Art at 1 o'clock yester
day afternoon. Regents Kellogg. Den
lcke, Phelan. 7 Houghton Miller, John E.
Budd, Hallidie, Kirk. Foote, Slack. Rein- ,
stein and Phelps . were present. In the
absence of Governor Gage. Regent Tim- j
othv G. Phelps was called to the chair.
Superintendent of Publle Instruction Kirk
for the first time since his Incumbency
in office was presented/ to the board. ...
The report of the president of the uni
versity was first read and /accepted, after j
which the board accepted the resignation
of A. L. . Lengf eld, professor Jof materia j
medica and medical chemistry.?: The.com
mittee on agricultural experiments in its
report embodied a recommendation that
a reduction be made in the number of i
outside experimental stations and =' that |
the Flood mansion at Mehlp Park be uti- j
lized as the central station. The recom- j
mendation was. concurred in.
Shortly after 2 o'clock the. board went
Into executive, session and sat for an
hour. When the doors were again thrown
open the subject of plans and specifica
tions presented, by Corlett . & McCaw, |
architects, for the proposed Wilmerding :
School of Mechanics 'were submitted. The ;
cost of a temporary building would ap- ;
proximate J2.,000, of which. s9uoo. would be j
expended in the/construction of a. founda- j
tion. The architect stated- that $5000 ad- j
ditional- would construct a temporary
structure of brick, but as. it was the In
tention of the board to permit the erec- j
tion of a temporary structure costing in i
the neighborhood of $15,000 and permit the •
students to erect a permanent one when
they had become sufficiently versed, in I
the"art of handling tools, some discussion
arose as to the acceptance of the archi
tects' plans In their present condition. {
Some of the members thought the amount ;
was too large to expand on the temporary j
structure, but It was argued on the other j
hand that the building would: be set back |
oh the lot and could be used for store
rooms and would in no manner Interfere
with a monumental structure.
A question then arose as to a fire wall
to divide the building. The matter was
finally disposed of by referring it back
to the committee (composed 'of Regents
Schwartz. Phelan and Denickel. with the
request that the report be resubmitted -j
at a special meeting to be held on Feb- j
ruary 2S. -
A communication was read from Gov- :
ernor Gage, requesting that the selection
of a president to succeed Kellogg be de- ;
ferred until after the close of the legis- ;
lative session. The board. took action ac- j
cordingly. ■■' . ■?."''■-'• .'
The sum of $100 was appropriated, which
may be . used by the university mi}. 1 tia .
for the purpose of purchasing ammuni
tion for target practice . •
..Members of the board will be chosen to
act upon the committee of the Pacific
Ocean Exposition, in accordance with an I
invitation from the managers of the ex- j
position. '"J
.',-'•'• > •*» ■ — r^ —
TRANSPORT VALENCIA
BRINGS SOLDIERS HOME
The transport. Valencia, thirty-three
days from Manila, reached port last night
and. anchored off the Barge office. She
brought., up ninety-nine passengers, in
cluding several: ladles and civilians i- be
sides soldiers.
When the vessel left Manila there were
a number . of sick soldiers aboard her,
but despite the rather rough trip the in
valids recovered on the .way oyer and !
were able to be on deck last night. '■> The '
ladles on the. Valencia are all wives of ;
; army officers and. only left when advised j
j to do ; so by their husbands, who? feared I
i trouble with: the insurgents, Mesdames
: Frank" in-. M. Kent,. S. O.L. Potter and
(_-..-___ Gale are the lady passengers. . Mrs.
Gale is; accompanied by • her three chil
dren, who are ill. She and. the other la
dles speak in the highest terms of the
treatment accorded them by -' Captain
Lane
Among the California boys who return
ed on the ship are: Privates Schmitz.
Colmesnlel, Masters.. Miner, Matthews
and Thorlngton C. Chase of the Hospital
Corps. The boys unanimously expressed
themselves as being very much dissatis
fied with the food furnished them by the •
with the food furnished them by the j
steward. They claim that putrid meat
was served throughout the voyage and
that for second class food they were
charged first class prices.
Salmon Bun at Santa Cruz.
. SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 14.— Salmon have
commenced their run. and are affording
the local fishermen sport. They are being
caught in large numbers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, , FEBBUABJ 15, 1899.
THE BLIZZARD
PASSES INTO
THE ATLANTIC
It Has Left Its Marl^ on tf)e East
ff| err) Coast as the Worst
in Years.
*♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦+
+. /•. ■ •", ■/■.-. ■' W
♦ PORT ANTONIO, JAMAICA, ".•'♦.
♦ Feb. 14.— Terrific weather is pre- -f.
+ vailing on the coast. The winds '■'+'
■¥. are high and the sea is entrench- + .
♦ ; ing on the land. Coasting yes- ; -4
--"♦• \ eels have been wrecked and sey-. '+?
.4- . eral hundred acres of bananas +'.
■$■■ swept away. -■ -•'•'■•.' *' " +
♦ ■ . ♦'
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ :
. WASHINGTON, - Feb. 14.— great
storm has practically disappeared . off
the northeast Canadian coast - after :a :
combination of snow and high winds
that must hereafter stand as a record
for almost the entire Atlantic coast re
gion, -'.'■?■■
With the exception of a limited terri
tory In the Southwest, and the : eastern
portion of. the Northern slope? there has
been a general and decided rise in the.
temperatures, and they are once more
above the freezing point west of the:
Mississippi River, in Florida and in the
Gulf states, except Northeast Alabama.
They still continue comparatively" low
in the Atlantic states.
The interruption to railroad traffic
caused by the storm still continues.
: Not a through train on the Pennsyl
j vania* Baltimore and Ohio or : Southern
; roads has reached the city ! to-day tip
;to 10:30 o'clock to-night. All the com
panies are putting forth their best eN
forts, however, and confidently expect
I to resume through business. north and
i south to-morrow. ? The Pennsylvania
: started a train for. New York at 4:30
i to-day. and the other lines expect to
j get trains out- before morning. '
?-. The storm suspended.. large part of
; the business of the city and also many
social functions. The President to-day
ordered*, that the reception to the gen
eral public which was to have been held
: to-night be. postponed until the weather
;is more auspicious. Coal has gone up
| over a dollar a ton. Eggs have ad
vanced from 28 to 50 cents a dozen;
pork has gone up 7 cents a pound; Irish
potatoes have jumped from 45 . to -85.
cents, and vegetable prices have . ad
i vanced 75. per cent. •?..'-:■'
PHILADELPHIA,. Feb? 14— The gen
eral railroad: conditions to-night show
considerable improvement, both locally
! and throughout • Pennsylvania. . The
Pennsylvania railroad to-day succeeded
: in raising the snow blockade on ail its
WARD WRIGHT'S
LAND ATTACHED
Judgment Obtained by
Fiacro Fisher.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.. '■.?,, I
SAN JOSE, Feb. : 14.— A1l the available : j
property of H. Ward Wright, ex-presi- j
dent of the Union Savings Bank; is now
tied Up with liens and just how the
banker Intends to pay the assessment. of
$10 a share, on. each of his 525 shares, of.
stock is a question depositors are asking
each other. Ever since the failure 7he
: has reiterated his desire to- deed all his
property to the. bank for the benefit of
the creditors, but no effort was made to
do so until yesterday, and It looks as
though it was resorted to then only to de
■ feat other creditors. Yesterday Attorney
: F. B. Hambly. for FJacro Fisher, ob
tained Judgment aeair.st Ward Wright
: for $2257 20. This judgment was origi
i nally given in the suit of Fisher against
\ 1). M. Murphy. Wright was on ' Mu
rphy's? bond in the attachment for $2000.
It was never settled, however, and Fishei
came back on Wright for satisfaction.
Judgment was obtained at 11:30 o'clock
,in the forenoon. At 4 o'clock in the after
i noon Wright deeded eighty-two acres of
j land hear Wrights station. In the Santa
Cruz mountains, to the Union Savings
; bank. - A few minutes later Attorney
' Hambly filed an execution against this
: piece of property and steps will be taken
■ at once to have the place sold to satisfy
j the Hen. The deed will not hold, as
: Judgment was obtained before the deed
was given. : ,7.7:
A few days ago Wright's residence on
North First street was attached on an
action in Tulare County to secure pay
ment of a note for $4000. This ties up
all his property; . and it is not plain to
depositors and stockholders how he can
realize $5250 to meet his . assessment.
' Wright, will not be the Only stockholder
who will fall to make good his : share "of
the indebtedness. ' During the past few
days . many of the stockholders have filed
homesteads or deeded away their places. :
In order to secure any money from them
suits will be necessary, but in. the end
It is certain they will be compelled to
pay up their pro rata. '*'.:•"■•
The depositors are now convinced that I
ANDREE HAD MORE
SAND THAN SENSE
That Is Melville's Opinion of the
Mad Attempt to Reach the
North Pole by Balloon.
I?'-. ■?'"'. ;? ..-•■ Call Office, Riggs House? Washington, Feb. 14. ,
• Commodore Melville said to a Call representative : to-night .-concern
■ " ing -the fate of - Andree," whose ''body; is reported to have been found in
! Siberia:
'y ./ "The^tory may as well be a- canard as true: If the bodies were seen,
' • as reported, death must have resulted from a fall from the balloon and
5 not from cold ox starvation. This locality, while not densely populated,
,? is yet Inhabited by natives .and it seems : incredible that the bodies ? ;
'could have lain .there for a ; year and . a half : without . being discovered
! before now. Andree set sail In . his balloon In midsummer, and even in
• the extreme northern part .of Siberia the weather .is warm at that sea- -
y son, so death could not have resulted from .cold? ?,?.' ? .'?.,..*, .7 
..' "I am rather inclined to think that the story is a canard. I remem
■ ' ber that about two years after the Jeannette expedition it was reported
! that the bodies of Lieutenant Chip and others had been found In Siberia?
. Circumstantial evidence accompanied this statement; even the? clothes l
were identified. But I knew it was" a fake, for I -myself ."; had -seen the •:
> boat capsize.-. The men '-. were drowned. I will say this for Andree,
i -he had rriore;. sand than sense, for only a fool would j try to reach any .'
.- certain destination in a balloon. • He might have been carried by the air
! currents out into the Atlantic as well as to Siberia or the north pole." y
. .-■*.-■
:- : - - •':' •-? -•:•-. 7/ . *
divisions into this city except on the j
Philadelphia 'division,; which will be"
open to-morrow. . Trains are. running . i
with fair regularity between here and \
"New York and also chief points south.
■In they State trains on .- this line are
gradually .' being put through. There is
a strong probability that traffic will be ;
generally, resumed to-morrow. The
Reading railroad remained • tied up un
til late this afternoon, when trains be
gan running, irregularly. The . Balti
more and Ohio is still at a standstill,
although one or two trains were sent
south late this afternoon.
Charles J. Summers, a letter carrier,
aged 62 years, and Joseph Evans, aged
.60, were frozen to death to-day. " : ;
NEW YORK, Feb. 14.— With clear
.skies and warmer. weather. New York
started to dig itself out of the snow?
this morning. By noon the mercury had '
reached 25 degrees above zero and there j
was not a cloud in the sky. After Sat- i
. urday's - half-holiday and the "suspen
sion of business on Sunday and? Mon- !
day, to-day's street traffic was tremen- j
dous, with the result of blockades cv- j
erywhere ':
The snow contractor estimated that
upward of 45,000 loads of snow were re
7moved from' the streets up to 6 o'clock
to-night.
'.?A t. 6 o'clock a night force of about I
1800 men started to work- with between
800 and 1000 carts All, the night force |
was practical!-" concentrated: cm Broad- !
way, and' it was expected this thor- }
oughfare would be cleared, by the time ;
of opening . business to-morrow from I
Forty-second street, to the Battery. 7. At j
midnight to-night the thermometer. on j
lower Broadway recorded 17 degrees i
above zero, and the temperature was'
. rising rapidly.
The railroads running into the Grand j
Central station did not make much |
progress to-day In restoring order from j
the chaos into which the blizzard had j
plunged : them. While their : officials I
were very hopeful that they would be |
able, to establish some kind of train I
service to-morrow, they were obliged to |
.admit that. no. through trains had i
passed over? their lines since Monday..
Five hundred men were struggling with
the great drifts in the Grand Central
•yards all da-*-, and late 'to-night It .was
announced, that all the tracks? were ■
clear. ' The New. York Central contin- j
ued to be tied up all day as far as in
coming, trains were concerned. • The f
great drifts thirty miles, south of ;
7 : Poughkeepsie were too much for : the ■;
• snowplows, and trains were massed at
both sides of this, point in large num
bers. .7 1
MR. McKINLEY WILL
VISIT SAN FRANCISCO
informs Congressman-Elect Kahn of His
Intention to Journey to the
\:7 W&S'W^yi/Ti!v Coast. : y'v;y.:•'?■'' y^:§- p§£;
-■ WASHINGTON. Feb. 14.—President McKinley probably will visit San *-|
*** Francisco next summer. This information was given to The Call cor- +
*£. respondent to-night by Hon. Julius Kahn, who Called on the. President 0
6 to-day. $
.+. "I expect I will see you out there in the summer," said the Presl- -«►
° dent, as he bade the Congressman-elect gopd-by. . ■ ~?'}0
O " Mr. Kahn left to-night direct for San Francisco. •? " '■■■'/ .rt
■+' ?' - y/y.;//:/ .."•■'■.•.' X
■+pf<HO>o*o* O+O+O+O^-^^
they will receive most of their money.
Several of. th. directors have assured
them they will not jose a cent. Their at
torney is waiting, to see what the meet
ing of the stockholders on -the 25th inst.
will result in. Now that proceedings
have- been begun by the "Bank Commis
sioners to force the bank into insolvency
they realize things • will move along
slowly. --
The attorneys for Howard, whose wild
speculations In fruit are said to have
' brought on the bank failure, said this
! afternoon . that the papers asking their
client be declared a bankrupt would not
be ready for filing before the last of the
! week. As vet they would give no esti
mate of Howard's liabilities or assets.
: The directors of the Union Savings
Bank have called another meeting for
; Saturday. At that time further steps will
' be taken to relieve the indebtedness of
i the institution. :'
A transaction that -appears large on Its
i face but really amounts, to very little, is
| the transfer of a mortgage for $149,715 by
Ward Wright to the Union Savings Bank.
This mortgage was given by T. J. Henry
j to the late James T. Murphy and assigned
to Ward Wright by Murphy to secure a
loan of $12,000. Murphy was to be given
, the money. in monthly Installments of $500
and he had drawn but a few of these
: When he. died. Consequently the mort
i gage, which is one of the bank's gilt
edge 1 securities, will amount to. a few
I thousand dollars as the bank's assets,
i The mortgage Is secured by the Santa
' Margarita ranch in San Luis Obispo
i County. Papers were sent there for fil
ing .to-day -,-. ,
Ant. Frtaht.a director of the bank, : to
j day assigned to the Union Savings Bank
a. mortgage from Man* and :H. M. : Wolfe
| for $2517. :
NEGRO CONVICT
CHOKES A GUARD
Desperate Encounter at
- San Quentin.
RANDOLPH'S CLOSH CALL
ALMOST MURDERED BY AN EN
BAGED PRISONER.
..--.- ; ._ — l i_ . • -
• -~v. yy.-y;-: . -••.-.■•'. ... ■?.- -
Assistance 7: Comes in the Nick of
Time, and His Assailant Is?.
Beaten Into Insensi
bility. •
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Feb. : 14.—
One of the most desperate and exciting
encounters in the history of the prison
took: place Sunday mornings when
Guard S. L. Randolph nearly lost his
life at the hands of an infuriated con
vict named : Luis Rivas. Rivas was
clubbed into insensibility and Warden.
Hale had to station extra guards all
over the yard in order. to keep the other
prisoners from becoming unruly. . • .
-. Rivas is : a negro: who is serving a
life sentence for a burglary committed
in Los Angeles. He is of • herculean
proportions and has ; caused serious
trouble on many occasions because of
his savage, intractable nature.
On Sunday morning a line was
formed,, in charge of Guard Randolph,
to march the convicts into the prison
chapel Rivas .was out of his regular
position, and, when told to get into his.
right place, replied with an . oath. ..The
guard took hold, of .'him and received a
blow between, the ' eyes that knocked
him down : and partially stunned him.
He pluckily returned to the. fray, how
ever, and clubbed the African : into sub
mission, ••©,-•
Taking the prisoner by the arm, Ran
dolph started for the dungeon. . j They
had hardly taken a dozen steps when
Rivas closed with the guard, and a
fierce struggle ensued.. Randolph is a
strong man; but little by little the ne
gro forced him . to i the . ground, and,
frothing at the mouth in his rage, tried
to choke Randolph. The other convicts
stood calmly by : and offered no assist
ance.
At- this critical juncture Captain -of
the Yard -Edgar caught sight • of the
negro with his knee on his victim's
Chest. Yelling for assistance, he ran
toward the murderous convict- }. ■
Guard Henry. Moller was first to -the
scene and at Captain Edgars excited
command to hit Rivas he struck the
negro twice on the head with a cane
and knocked him senseless. Rivas was
then taken to the hospital and revived,
and afterward was placed in the dun
geon. • '?',-yyy • ...
Randolph," with the exception of a few
minor cuts about the face, is none the
worse for his encounter.
BARRED A MULATTO
FROM HIS RESORT
American Proprietor of a Havana
Cafe Compelled to Close
the Place.
HAVANA, Feb. 14.— Holman's Wash
ington Cafe in the Central Park has
been ordered closed by Senor. Federico
Mora, civil . governor .of Havana, be
, cause of the refusal of the proprietor
to serve drinks to a mulatto, the Cuban
I General Ducasse. Several friends of
Ducasse were seated in the cafe tak
ing refreshments when he happend to
be passing, and they, called ; him to join
< them. . : Mr. .' Holman, however, ; refused
: to serve him.
- As the existing Spanish laws pro-
hibit race ' distinctions, Senor Mora, to
. whom complaint was ; made, consulted
Major • General Ludlow, military gov
ernor of the. Department of j Hanava,
as to the action to be taken. General
Ludlow told? him to .enforce the law.
and Senor Mora informed Mr. Holman
that unless he *a rote a letter of apology
to Ducasse. the cafe would be closed.
Mr. 7Holmah : declined? to write the let
ter, and Senor Mora issued the closing
order
• Mr.: Holman. who is an American,
says hew-ill reopen? claiming that he is
sustained. by the American"' authorities.
It is. considered that the controversy
will raise the race question.
— - m :
ZELAYA WILL MOVE
AGAINST THE REBELS
? -MANAGUA, Nicaragua (via Galveston,
February- 14).— 1n spite of. numerous ob
stacles, chief . among them being the want
of telegraphic communication and roads,
except mule paths, between Managua and
Bluefields,: President Zelaya Is actively
organizing to suppress the revolution that
has broken out In the Atlantic coast
province. '" 7. . . - ,
- Fighting between the • Government
troops and the rebels under General
Reyes, former. Governor General of the
Atlantic coast " division " and self-styled
general In chief - of. Nicaragua, probably
will. begin in the tropical forests between
the Cordilleras and Bluefields. -.-.-.-.
The headquarters of the Government
troops is at Acoyapa, a well-, chosen
strategic position near a branch of the
river Segovia, beyond '■' the -. divide, . while
the revolutionists are reported encamped
near Chile. . -
NEGROES DECLINE TO WORK.
?/ HAVANA; Feb. 14.— The ; fact having
come to' the notice of General Brooke's
headquarters that negro "servants and
other employes in Havana were declining
to work any longer, affirming that it was
unnecessary .because the United States
would supply them with all the food they
wanted. Brigadier General Chaffee has
directed a communication to j the depart
ment commander calling his attention to
, the fact.
PASTOR CRABB
SAYS HIS WIFE
WAS A SCOLD
SAN JOSE, Feb.. 14.— divorce trial
in recent years has caused such wide
spread interest as that which is now
being -heard before Judge - Kittredge.
Seldom, if ever, has the spectacle of a
minister of the gospel weeping while on
the witness stand been presented to the
residents of the Garden City or else
where. Yet this occurred to-day dur
ing the taking of evidence in the case
of the Rev. W. D. Crabb of the Meth
odist Episcopal church against his wife,
Hattie A. Crabb. Dr.. Crabb is the di
vine who is charged by his wife with
having indited- and dedicated burning
effusions to a choir girl, and to-day her
name and the names of other Dromi
. nent women were uttered from the lips
of the plaintiff in a divorce Suit which
promises to equal in sensations any
that already have been tried in this
county. ' „• '** " *' ,/*,
Carrie Perry is the sweet singer's
name, and she -resides in Gilroy. where
Dr. Crabb once ministered to the wants
of a large - flock. Her- name was fre
quently repeated to-day. First. J. C. ;
Zuck,. a well-known real estate dealer
and a prominent member" of the Meth
odist church of Gilroy, in testifying in
behalf of the minister, mentioned it.
and the secret of the name .of the
woman: to whom the doctor addressed
his sonnets was out. Again the name
was given prominence by D. W. Bur
chard, attorney for the plaintiff, in
reading a letter from Mrs. Crabb to her
husband, in which she threatened to
sue Miss Perry for alienating heF hus
band's affections. The doctor took un
the echo and the name of the sonerstress
was bandied back and forth by the
counsel and the sanctimonious witness. ;
Spicy testimony occupied the atten
tion of the court and the spectators, the
latter mostly women, until 5 o'clock, j
Mrs. Crabb sat between her counsel. M.
C. "Hassett and Walter J. Thompson of
San Francisco, and Mrs. H. A. McCor- ;
mack, through whose efforts she was.
released from an insane asylum. Dur
ing the proceedings she intently studied j
her husband's face. She is a frail lit- .
tle woman and shows signs of sleep- i
less nights and great suffering. Lov- ;
ing the man who would rid himself of
her, she denies his right to a separation.
Although in her Jealous moments she
has accused him of much, she evident- j
ly loves him to distraction. ". ..
Rev. Mr. Crabb took the witness stand
this afternoon and treated all present !
tp a salacious recital. In narrative j
form his testimony- was as follows:
I am the Rev. W. D. Crabb. a member
of the Methodist Episcopal church. I was
appointed to the office of elder by a con
ference sometime in 1883. My present pas
torate is on Fifteenth avenue, South San
Francisco. Eight years ago I came to
this county to reside.
. Shortly after I was appointed principal
of the University of the Pacific I noticed
my wife was inclined. to criticize the lady
teachers, and. I had not been in my posi
tion a year when she began to interfere.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Perkins Working for Improved Flans
"". for the San Francisco "
I • Postofi.ce.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 14.— Unless the
supervising architect of the treasury
shows a disposition to modify, the plans
of. the San Francisco building Senator
Perkins will introduce in- the Senate,
either by amendment to some regular ap
propriation bill or by separate resolu
tion, a provision appropriating money for
the -employment of a private architect
to make. designs, or els. to authorize
plans to be drawn by an architect em
ployed by San Francisco people. Assur
ances have been received here that the
citizens of San Francisco, rather than
have this abortion erected, would be will
ing to pay a competent architect by pri
vate subscription. The. California repre
sentatives in ; the House, however, seem
to think that a majority of the people
are tired of delay and would rather have
the building constructed according to the
present plans . than tolerate any further
postponement. y 7 -•-::..;
Senator Perkins has received assurances
that . the Senate will vote material in
creases- for the improvement . of Sacra
mento and San Joaquin rivers and for
Humboldt harbor. At least $50,000 will be
secured for the latter, although he hopes
to get . $70,000. ••■'•"
Senator Perkins was one of the four
Republican . Senators who to-day voted
for Bacon's amendment to the McEnery
resolution on Philippine acquisition. - He
said to The Call correspondent to-night:
"The people of California understand
why I voted for the treaty, but I am to
day just as much opposed to the annexa
tion of these islands as I have ever been."
The Senate passed the bill amending the
internal revenue laws and providing that
upon • the application -of a. distiller, . and
under such regulations as . the Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue and the"" Sec
retary of. the Treasury may prescribe,
distilled spirits may be drawn into wood
en packages, each containing .two .or
more metallic cans having a capacity of
not less than five gallons, to be filled and
used only for export - from the United
States, and that • there shall be charged
for each of said packages or cans for ex
pense of stamps 5 cents instead of 10 cents
as now required by law. The passage of
this bill has been persistently urged by
San Krancisco liquor interests. -Repre
sentative Loud introduced the bill and
Secured Its passage, through the House.
The House to-day adopted an amend
ment offered to the sundry civil appro
priation bill by Representative De \ries,
appropriating $40,000 for the improvement
of Yosemite National Park outside of the
toll roads. „ . '. '/
Representative Barlow was* successful
In having inserted In the sundry civil bill
an appropriation of $2000 for the building
of a road "to the lighthouse. at Hueneme;
Ventura County, Cal. y-yY
Representative de Vries to-day pre
sented to the House petitions from citi
zens of Lodi. Cal., protesting against the
seating of Representative-elect Roberts of
Utah, and favoring the passage of a bill
abolishing the canteen system. -
The Postoflice Department has directed
the establishment on March 1 of a sub
station of the postofflce at Sacramento,
with f acillites for the transaction of
money order and registry business and for
the sale of postal supplies, to be known
as sub-station No. 1 and to be located at
201 J street. . - *
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of? War;-. Private MyerJosephson of the
hospital - : corps, now at • the .Presidio of
San Francisco, will be discharged from
the service: of the United States by the
commanding officer of his station.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, fhe discharge by. the command
ing officer of the Presidio of San Fran
cisco on February 3 of Corporal Harry
Lee, Company E. First Tennessee Volun
teer Infantry, under general instructions
from this office, Is hereby 'confirmed.
Private Charles H. Dunn of the Pre
sidio .of San Francisco has been dis
charged from the service of ' the United
-States, ' ' - . * - - ■-{■'*
The "leave of absence on surgeon's , cer
tificate of disability granted Lieutenant
David P. Wheeler, Twenty-third Infan
try, Department of the . Pacific. . and
Eighth Army : Corps,, is extended one
month on surgeon's certificate of disa
bility. ' .:;-' - - • "-
Pensions for Californians: Original—
Adoiph Lindquist, Soldiers' Home.. Los
Angeles. $8; Simon Blssonett. Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $6;" William T>. Mc-
Clure, Los Angeles, $10: Daniel Barnes.
Soldiers' Home,. Los Angeles, $8. Original
widows.- etc.— Julia C. Hopps. San Fran
cisco. $8: Eleanor White. Berkeley. $17:
Polly Davis, Santa Maria,,'".;? Mary
Ritchie. San JoSe. $8. . . . - . :■/■. ,
Oregon: " Original— John N. . Stark. Ya
quina. $8. Original widows, etc.— Ruth
M. Wright, Grave, $8. - . -
-Washington : Original — William H.
Jordan, Cheney, $6; Thomas J. Ireland,
Olympla ; $6. -. - -: ■' ■ - .
MARIN WILL CELEBRATE.
. .• -. • ■ ■ — ■ "
Already Planning for an Admission
. ? Day Feature.:
SAN RAFAEL? Feb. 14.— The Native
Sons of Marin County are enthusiastically
MISS CARRIE PERRY.
She followed me around and watched m*
every movement. When we were alone
she would call these teachers the harsh
est kind of names. . Not satisfied .with be
stowing epithets on these . ladies, she
would call me. the vilest kind of- names: '
She manifested an 111 wiT! to these ladles
and would not notice them. If at my ta
ble my assistants, handed her anything
she would refuse to accept it. If I were
aided she would look daggers at me. One
day after prayer meeting a lady shook
hands with me in parting and Mrs. Crabb
came close to me and hissed 'You nasty
thing!* I conducted myse!"" in my treat
ment of the ladies with the greatest.pru
dence. I wanted to save Mrs. Crabb the
embarrassment, and myself also.
The teachers were conscious of the way
she treated them. Her -scoldings would
be continued until the middle •of , the
night. She used to strike me. and on one
occasion she broke - a dish over mv head.
She got a razor and tried to frighten me.
She was constantly charging me with un
faithfulness, and ■ things . became so oad
that I was unable to do my. work, and tne
board of trustees asked for my resigna
tion. . :
The witness then detailed instances
of his wife's violent temper while they
were residing in Gilroy. He spoke of
her charges against him, with which
the names of prominent women were
connected. He claimed that through
her unkindness many left the church.
A number of sensational letters writ
ten by his wife were read. In these
epistles Mrs. Crabb importuned her
husband to lead a better life, and
begged htm to let her return to her
home. PB-S
J. ,C. Zuck of Gilroy. Miss Annie M.
Mayne, an ex -teacher of the University
of the Pacific, and Earnest Grigg, a
student at that institution, testified on
behalf of the minister. To-morrow Dr.
Crabb will be cross-examined at length
by Attorney Hassett, and a warm time
is anticipated.. ;,?7? 7.7-7'- '7i
preparing tor suitable representation In
the celebration of the fiftieth anniversary
of the admission of California Into the
Union, and will collect $1500 to provide a
float symbolic of the" county's resources.
Headquarters will be opened in San Fran
cisco at the beginning of -the celebration.
Members of the various parlors have
been selected to form a committee, as
follows: . '':-.
Nlcaslo— Hugh J. Mclsaac, Robert Stead
-man and Frank Rogers.
Tamalpals— Robert Scott and Stephen Eden.
Sea Point— F. Fledeler, William Milton and
Anton Sllva- /-•- '■■-.-. rt
Mclsaac will officiate as secretary and
Milton as treasurer.
AMATEUR BURGLARS
MAKE A POOR SHOWING
WOODLAND, Feb. 14.— Burglars entered
the offlce of the Sierra Lumber Company
last night and made an unsuccessful at
tempt to open the big office safe. En
trance was effected by prying open a rear
window, a shovel being used for that pur
pose. The burglars were evidently ama
teurs, and their Ignorance of the usual
methods employed to open a safe is amaz
ing. They first knocked off tbe ornaments
on the hinges, probably expecting that the
big door would then fall away of its own
weight. They next broke off the knobs
and took off the combination dials of th*
outside door. There Is no evidence that
any attempt was made to drill through
the door or blow up the combination, and
the burglars evidently gave up the job
after removing the outside dials.
After leaving the Sierra Lumber Com
pany's office the burglars made an unsuc
cessful attempt to effect an entrance to
the West Valley Lumber office. . They
tried to force the rear door and window,
but failed. Mr. . Lyf ord picked up near
the window a hatchet which belongs to
the Sierra Lumber Company. »•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wupff
SUFFERED THIRTY-THREE YEARS AND
NIGH TO DEATH.
Remarkable Experiences of & Citizen of Biet-
viile, lowa.
■______.
WM. T. B. .NDIN, -
One of the hest known men in Mitchell
County is rejoicing .In the fact that after suf-
fering thirty-three years with a dangerous rup-
ture was finally cured by the system invented
by Dr. XV. S.- Rice. Adams. X. Y. Mr. Blandin
is never so happy as when relating the story of
his cure. For the greater part of his life he
was -laid up In bed: his rupture being so large
that he could not find a truss to hold it until
he learned of the Dr. Rice method. Mr.- Blan-
din . tells of a - near- neighbor of his who was
also ruptured and for whom Mr. Blandin sent
for the Rice treatment. The day It arrived
this neighbor was suddenly stricken with a
strangulated hernia; two doctors and a halt
. dozen men - held him down, the pain being so
Intense that he was out of his mind. Mr." Blan-
din arrived on the scene ■ Just in" the nick of
time, and -a few minutes after the patient had
revived from a powerful dose of chloroform, the
Rice system was put on, they had him up and
dressed and he walked out to his barn. The
circumstances of these two cures attracted wide
attention throughout the State. Dr. Rice has
recently prepared a book, giving a full descrip-
tion of his method. It is a home cure at a
very small cost,- and best of all it cures without
pain, danger, detention 0 from work or incon-
venience of any kind. Readers should send for
this book and mail it to any one they know to
be ruptured. * Such an act of _,ndn"s_ will be
worth a great deal- *o° those who suffer from
rupture. "Write to Dr. XV. S. RICK, 4-8 A Mala
Btreet, Adam., 2*. V. . y._
34
SENATE ADOPTS
THE M'ENERY
RESOLUTION
Vice-President's Vote Defeats
Bacon's Anti-Annexation
Amendment. ?
Resolved, That by the ratification
of the treaty of peace with. Spain it
is .not intended to Incorporate. the
inhabitants of the Philippines into
citizenship of the United States, nor
is it intended to permanently an
nex said islands as an Integral part
of the . territory ■-. of the United
. States; but it is the intention of the
United State's to ; establish on .said
islands a government suitable? to
the wants and conditions of the in-.,
habitants of the said islands, to .
prepare them, for' local self-govern
ment, and, in due time, to make:
such disposition of said Islands as .
will best "promote, the Interests' of
the citizens of the ■ United States
and the inhabitants of the said
islands,;?? ■;? 'yy;./;'///; /'/•'■,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14— unani- j
mous consent agreement reached by the j
Senate last Saturday to vote this after
noon on the resolution of McEnery, de- \
claring the policy of this Government |
In the Philippines, was not vacated. In I
accordance with that agreement the
vote was taken on the resolution at 2:30 j
to-day and it was adopted— to 22. It |
was noticeable that several Democrats !
who 'were? present and . not paired re- '
framed from voting.? An amendment of
fered by Bacon (D. ) .of Georgia several j
days ago was defeated. The vote on
the amendment was a tie— 29 to 29— and
Vice President Hobart cast the deciding
vote against the proposition. The vot
ing was preceded .by three hours and a
half of debate. 7 .? .--.- : "< y'77 : y '■:■•?."'
Stewart first took the floor to speak
in opposition. He expressed the. opinion
that whatever the United States might
do it would not ? follow-; ..-policy indi
cated by, the resolution, This country
was under no obligation toy go to. the. j
expense of establishing a government
for the islands; the United States was !
not in the? business of capturing couny j
tries, educating their people and' then ■;
selling them?? On the contrary, '; he.
thought, we . should : hold? the Philippines, j
and thus render the. United States in- j
dependent of other countries: in the pro- j'.
auction of tropical. products which must :
otherwise be a source of great expense. I
Lindsay also expressed the opinion
that the time was inauspicious for the
adoption of any. resolution bearing upon,
the subject of tilt- government of the •
Philippines.; but said that if any ex- .
pression was to be given it should be :
clear and distinct and unmistakable in j
terms. Lindsay offered a substitute re- f
citing that, the acquisition of territory
carried -with it no constitutional obliga
tion to admit it to the Union. as Slates.
Lindsay gave notice that he would ask
the Senate to vote, upon his resolution
as soon as' the Senate had voted on the
McEnery resolution.
Bacon then addressed the Senate In
opposition to the McEnery resolution. i
He declared that it was a vicious and i
unfortunate declaration. . ■• 7He main- ■
tamed that the/resolution meant noth
ing favorable to the Filipinos; It did
not look to the future freedom arid.self
government of the Filipinos. 7 He re
garded it as simply a declaration that
while the Filipinos were subjects of this
country they could never become citi
zens of the United States.
Hoar was ; opposed to the McEnery :
resolution because? he maintained, it :
gave ho hope of -freedom or liberty or
self-government to the inhabitants of j
the Philippines and 'because it provided
that they should never have a part. Iri
their own government or become a part,
of the United States. It was, he- held,
an infamous declaration — a declaration
simply that the Louisiana sugar plant
ers should. never be afraid of the com- ,
petition, of the Philippine Islands', To
the Filipinos the McEnery resolution
would be a message of tyranny, of hate,
of oppression and of slaughter. Hoar i
adverted to the references In speeches I
to Aguinaldo as an "unprincipled ad* j
venturer," and then entered upon a de- ■
fense of the Filipino leader. He spoke j
of Aguinaldo's appeal to the people of
the United States as so remarkable as
capable of being drafted by- "not ten
men on this planet." .7 y '-'Ty : "-V
"I do not? see," said .Hoar, with
feeling, '?how any American heart nbt .
of stone could fail to recognize the force
of that appeal." ??,."-?
Hoar said he was perfectly satis
fled with his course in the whole ques
tion of the Philippines, believing that
he was right. . • ';
"I am satisfied," said he, "to stand !
with the fathers who founded our liber
ty and framed our constitution."
Hale of Maine said he had not
much hope that the -Senate would take !
any course that would stop the desolat- j
AGUINALDO'S CHARGE
AGAINST WILDMAN
Insists That the Consul General Is
Withholding. Money Intrusted,
to Hit. Care, >-l*
TACOMA. Feb. /yH.— -The steamship
Olympla. brings news that F. Santico
and G. Apacibili, op behalf of the in
surgent leader, Aguinaldo, have sued
Consul General Wlldman -. In the Su
preme Court at: Hongkong to' -recover.'
$47,000, which sum is alleged to have
been deposited . with .'. . Wlldmftn. by
Aguinaldo last spring. It is claimed by;
some that this Is a. political move. oh
the part of the Filipinos to show that,
during May and" June 'the American
officials aided and abetted them .in,
their fight for independence." ...
Aguinaldo's solicitors have written to
the China Mall contradicting the asser
tion that the suit is- brought, as a mere
political move. They claim that' before
Aguindldo left for Manila to lead the
Filipinos against the Spanish troops he
placed this money in Wild-nan's hands
for safekeeping. He has since de
manded Its return, but. unsuccessfully.
The money Is supposed to be a portion
of the sum which Aguinaldo received
from the Spanish Government a year
ago. .Yy, •■??—?
REPATRIATION OF
SPANISH PRISONERS
WASHINGTON. Feb. 14.— The War
Department received the. following ad
vices from' General Otis to-day, under
date of "Manila, February 14:
"One hundred and eighty officers and
1800 men, Spanish prisoners of war,
left port on the 12th and 13th by steam
ers Reina Christina and .Uruguay, en
route to Spain.
"Isaac Russell, Company A, Utah Ar
tillery", slight scalp wound; condition
excellent. '
"Lieutenant O. H. Grow, Utah Artil
lery, en route to San Francisco on sick
leave. .
"Lieutenant Chance, Signal Corps,
convalescing slowly y from typhoid
fever; condition favorable." y?:
.
I ing programme ■ now . being carried out !
!in the Philippines. Hardly had . the
i treaty been ratified, however, before a
foreign War. was precipitated. ■'?.."■
y- "I am not disappointed'; said he. . "I
am not inclined to say 'I told you so,'
hut. I told Senators when the treaty was
ratified that it Would be impossible to
take any steps to alleviate the condi
tion of the Filipinos. Congress will ad
journ and the war will go on, and there
Is not a man who will not realize In
three .months that it is a war of con
quest and subjugation
■; He said Admiral" Dewey arid General
Merritt had said that. In three months
not 5000 troops would be needed in the
Philippines, yet we now had 20,000 men j
there and 7000 more and the battleship j
Oregon on the way.
"And yet," declared Hale, "we are !
told that we are traitors and held up }
and blacklisted In the: newspapers be- ,
cause we want to give those people a j
chance at least to show that they are j
friendly and can set up a government !
of their own. Instead we kill them, j
not by scores, not by hundreds, but by
thousands. More Filipinos have been (
killed by the guns of; our army '. and
navy than were patriots killed in any
six battles of the . revolutionary / war..
It has become a gigantic event. . The
slaughter of people in no way equal to
us, meeting us with bows and arrows
and crawling into jungles by hundreds,:
there to die, has stupefied the American
mind. No one has said that our. mis
sion of commerce and of the gospel was i
to be preceded by the slaughter of thou
sands of persons ,
. "I ;am not enamored of the McEnery
resolution. 'It contains little that is
good and a good deal that is bad." ';'*.'?';
?He regarded the Bacon resolution as j
much the better
? "But,", he; said -in conclusion, "the car
of Juggernaut will go on. The grinding
will continue until the people finally I
make themselves heard upon -it."
Mason delivered a speech in which he.
attacked : the policy pursued in the
Philippines. He. said, however, that he '
was an optimist and believed the people !
of the United States would declare for j
human liberty as well ln the Philippines j
as in this country.
As Mason "was concluding, the hour
for the vote having arrived; Hawley In
quired if it was Mason's purpose to in- ?
sist upon bis unanimous consent. • Ma
son replied that it was,, as he had done
only that which was entirely honorable
and fair. in the matter. '
.? Bacon's amendment to the resolution
was then laid before the Senate. It was
as .follows: ??h?y?'7- :'?'.-y. '■■. 7-/.C2 77" ■•'?-:'
Resolved. That the United States hereby
disclaim .-■ any disposition or ..Intention to i
exercise- permanent sovereignty, jurisdic- j
tion or control Over said. islands, and. as- •
sert their determination, when a ; -stable \
and Independent government . shall have
been erected there, entitled in the : judg- j
ment of the United States to recognition
as such, to transfer to said- Government
upon terms which shall be reasonable and
just- all rights secured under the cession
by Spain and to thereupon leave the gov
ernment and control of the . islands •to
their people.
The . amendment was defeated, 29 to
29, ? the Vi<;e President? voting in they
negative
; ; An aye and no vote was demanded? 1
resulting in 29 to 29. In announcing; the?
vote the Vice President said:
"The vote is. a tie. The chair votes i
in the negative. The amendment is
lost." :'-:' :';•; ■'.;' ■>•'... ?:'?? 7/' 7// //' y.//
The detailed vote follows:
Ayes— Bacon, Bate, Berry, CaffVey, Chil
ton., Clay, Cockrell, -Faulkner, Gorman,
Gray, ; Hale, . Harris, Heltfeld, Hoar, j
Jones (Arkansas), Jones (Nevada), Lind
say, McLaurin. Martin, Money, Murphy?-
Perkins? Pettigrew* Pettus. Quay, Raw- I
lins, Smith}'. Tillman,: Turner— 29. . -..-. ..?'-.
Allison. BurroWs, Carter. Chan
dler, Deboe, Fairbanks, Frye, .Gear, Han
na, Hawley, Kyle, Lodge, Mcßrlde, Mc-
Enery, , McMillan, Mantle, Morgan, Nel
son, Penrose, Piatt* (Connecticut), Piatt
(New 7 York), ' Pritchard, Ross, Shoup.
Simon, Stewart? Teller? Warren, Wolcott
-29. •.'•'".■.■■','•','■.'•■■.■ —•'-••■" .-?..,-.
' The Vice President voted In the nega
tive. '
The vote was then taken on the Mc-
Enery resolution, which? was adopted I
ayes 26, noes 22— several Democrats I
who were present and not --aired with
holding their votes. The detailed vote
follows: *•? ■;/;/■ //y\ '■;/.■ '//' Tyy//
Ayes— Allison, Burrows, Chandler, De- .
boe, Fairbanks?. Faulkner- Frye, Gear,
Gray, Hale, Hahria, ; Harris, Kyle* Lodge,
McEnery; Mc{-aurtn, McMillan, ..Mantle,- j
Mason, Nelson, Perkins, . Pettus; :- Piatt j
■"New York),- Quay, Sullivan, Te11er— 26. 7. • .
Noes— Bacon.-- Bate, Caffery, Carter,
Clay, Cockrell, Hawley, -Hoar, Lindsay,
Mcßrlde, Martin, Money, Morgan, Mur
phy. Pettigrew. Piatt (Connecticut), Raw
lins, Ross, Simon, Smith, Stewart, War
ren—22.. y /■/:./: ■■ ■;/■:/ y. :/■'[. •?'-;: '?
The Senate then, at 3:05 p. m., went
into executive session, and at 5:10 p. m.
adjourned
CHINESE REBELS
SLAY CHRISTIANS
ExterminatioQ of Missionaries tf)e
Object of Irjsurgent
Bar)ds.
■ TACOMA, Feb. 14,— A telegram received at ,»; Shanghai from Ichang ■
fl announced that the oity of Changlo was captured on January 12 by 5
■H?" Chinese rebels, who murdered the district magistrate and other officials, g
8 Several missionaries. are believed to have been, slain. They have not : {ft
M been found since Changlo fell, and, if alive, are somewhere in hiding. §
•A Their names were not known at Shanghai, owing to numerous recent w
8 changes of missionaries among the inland mission stations. Many nag
« tive Christians were killed. Changlo Is the capital of Shinan . Prefec- «
8 • ture, Hupeh Province, and is situated 100 miles southwest of Ichang, 8.
I; near the Hupeh Hunan frontier, * 2
fl About two weeks previously troops sent by Viceroy Chang Chlh 5
g Tung from? Wuchow reached Changlo and drove the rebels Into. Hunan. $8
g ? The troops then returned to Ichang. They had scarcely left when the »
fl rebels reappeared in increased numbers and besieged the city, which fell Q
«3 into their hands two days later. The missionaries throughout Central
g China are now. thoroughly alarmed at the grave daggers which confront 8
5 them The rebels? secret society of "Kolao Hui" still offers a reward for B
« every missionary slain.' .'There ; is no longer any doubt that the rebels i.re g
g endeavoring to earn these rm-^ The -missionaries have sent urgent &
$5 requests that their friends in Shanghai request Consul General Goodnow «
fl and the American Minister to appeal to the Peking Government for their .'&
g • protection. ■ 52
8 Violent disturbances have. been commenced by the rebels about &
fl Changyeng, Hupeh. Their leaders carry banners bearing 7 this legend- **
g "Defenders of the Tsing dynasty and exterminators of missionaries and S
8 their converts." When Viceroy Chang Chih Tung was informed of this £
$ rising he ordered his regiment of foreign drilled guards, commanded by ;ft
88 Colonel Liv, to proceed against the rebels? The regiment is equipped with .28
fl a; Maxim battery,. the first artillery ever sent into that section -': ; 0
g . Other anti-Christian risings are in progress at Itu and Kuang ChOU 85'
« near Ichang, and at Sungchih and "Patung, on the -Hupeh Szechuen fron-
tier. These risings are largely due to the tardiness of -high authorities 8
g; in crushing Yumantzo's rebellion in. S_echUen.?. . '.;." y :. y yy :*g
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1899.
AGUINALDO TO
BE CAPTURED
The Next Move of the
Administration.
MALOLOS WILL BE ATTACKED
PLANS HAVE ALREADY BEEN
LAID FOR THIS.
It Is Thought at Washington the
American Troops May
"7/ :?■.'■• - : y Now Be in ..." ?'??
.7'i.Y. 7 . Motion. .v. ■'/■?■? "'
Special Dispatoh .to The Call.
MANILA, Feb. 15.— Spanish
prisoner escaped to the Ameri
can lines from the town of San.
Mateo, where the Filipinos are
expected to make a strong re
sistance, says Aguinaldo has lost
control of his army and generals.
His supporters have been -de
graded and several Of. his high
officials -shot : by ; order of Gen-?
eral . Montenegro, who ?' appar
ently is in command instead of
Aguinaldo. Reports have reached
Manila that Aguinaldo leads the
troops at San Mateo and Monte
negro at Polo. ../■ - .../.Yy' ■'-■.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, Feb. 14.
"The next big news to be ca
bled from Manila," • said a gentle
man whom your correspondent has
reason to believe Is so close to
the President that he 'is in a
position to get inside infoifcnatlon, "will
be the fall of Malolos and the capture j
of Aguinaldo, if the plane of the ad
ministration don't miscarry. It would
not surprise me if . that news would
reach us before the last of the week.
"The President was simply awaiting
the fall of Iloilo before putting into
effect plans for the effectual suppres
sion of the Filipino rebellion, which
were decided upon some days ago, but
which could not be attempted until it
was seen what resistance General Mil
ler would find when he landed his
forces on the island of Panay. That
he found so little has greatly pleased
the President and his advisers, who
see in it evidence that the natives have
not lost the lesson learned in the strug
gle at Manila. Malolos is the next
move. I have reason to believe General
Otis has already marched his men
against the place, and I confidently
expect to hear of its fall within the
next three or four days. It is of su
preme importance that Aguinaldo be I
made prisoner, and to be sure .of his
capture it is possible the attack may
be delayed a few hours.
DEWEY CONFIRMS THE NEWS.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 14.—The Navy Department has received the
following" cablegram -, •
MANILA, Feb. 14.—Secretary of the Navy, Washington: The Petrel
Just arrived from Iloilo. That place* was taken- by our forces on Sat
urday and lis now occupied. No prisoners and no casualties on our
side. The j Insurgents', loss is not known, but It? is believed to be
slight. The Insurgents tried to burn the town, but the foreign prop
erty was saved by our forces. DEWEY.
"With Malolos occupied by our troops
and Aguinaldo on board an American
man of -war -the trouble ln the Philip
pines will be at an end. ? The President
arid advisers believe this thoroughly,
and have laid their plans accordingly."
GERMANS SENT NO ARMS.
BERLIN, Feb. 14.— semi-official
North German Gazette says that official
Inquiries at Hongkong have established
. the fact that there never was any ex
portation of . German- arms :to -Manila
with German connivance.
-.With reference to the. statement pub
lished in New York newspapers to : the
effect that Germany's friendliness Is
attributable 7to the j formal representa
tions of Embassador White a few days
ago, the .North' German Gazette says
that* no such steps as described were
taken by the United States.
GERMAN CONSUL
IN SAMOA HAD
TO APOLOGIZE
Insolence of Dr. Raffel Leads
ii|^^mt| Into a Humiliating
'■^■"■7 Situation. '
■• AUCKLAND, N. Z„ Feb. 14.— Advices
received here from Samoa, under date
of February 8, report that anarchy and
rebellion still prevail there. : The pro
visional government persists in inter
fering with the British subjects and
also with servants Of British residents.
It is' for these reasons and for the
further reason that he-has placed him
self in contempt of the Supreme Court
by illegal levying of taxes that Mataafa
will be : driven out and Malietoa firmly
established as King upon the arrival
at Apia of the. American cruiser Phila
delphia. •?•'. •'•'■".
In .. many quarters? annexation 'ls
looked upon as tne only possible solu
tion of existing difficulties. It Is stated
that even Mataafa's followers would
prefer English to German control.
. The British cruiser Porpoise returned
to Apia on. February 1 from a; Cruise
Qf the v Samoan group and reports hav
ing found affairs quiet on . the. other
islands. The . people- of Tutuila are
unanimously In favor, of Malietqa Tanu.
In Savaii each claimant to the throne
is strongly supported. The German
Consul General. Mr. Rose, has notified
Chief Justice Chambers that his Gov
ernment has not upheld his protest re
garding x that officer.- The news was re
ceived with great satisfaction.
Chief: Justice . Chambers reopened his.
court to hear the charges of contempt:
against Dr. Johannes Raffel" and Herr
Fries, Chief of Police. Dr. Raffel failed
to appear. Mr, Rose, the German Con
sul, had declared that the matter Came
Within the jurisdiction : of his consulate.
Chief Justice Chambers considered Dr.
Raffel guilty of contempt and- cited him
to appear at the next term of court,
when judgment will be pronounced. He
said that force would not be used to
compel Dr. Raffel to appear, but that
the German Consul could keep him in
the consulate if he chose to do so.
Chief of Police Fries was fined. $100.
Herr Grlevesmuhl. has paid the fine of
$1000 Imposed upon. him by the court. y
. The Porpoise . having been- boycotted
by order :of .: Dr.? Raffel and Mataafa's .
sentries preventing natives going off to
the cruiser in canoes an apology was
demanded by the British Consul, Mr.
Maxse, for the attitude assumed toward
the British and also for an Insult*, of
fered to Chief . Justice Chambers.
Mataafa and his chiefs compiled and
Dr. Raffel also apologized In their be
half. It is understood everything
was In readiness on board the Porpoise
for a royalist attack on Matkafa had an
apology not, been forthcoming.
Dr. Raffel being engaged in organiz
ing -regiments for Mataafa a notice, was
served on him against' spending taxes
for this purpose 7. Malietoa Tanu and
Tamasese were still on board the. Por
poise at the date of these advices;
The arrival of the United . States
cruiser Philadelphia . was. hourly ex
pected at Apia.
CALIFORNIANS
UNDER FIRE
Continued from First Pane.
have heard of the native reverses
on the island Luzon.
Noon: — The steamer Butuan,
which, left • Iloilo on Monday,
brought news of the capture of
Jaros, which was an insurgent
stronghold, by a battalion of the
Eighteenth Infantry under Ma
jor Charles Keller, and a detach
' ment of the Sixth Artillery, with
two Hotchkiss . guns and a Gat
ling gun? under Lieutenant Ost
seim. The battalion had left Iloilo
to make a reeonnoissance, not in
tending to. capture? Jarqs; but was
attacked by the enemy, and so
proceeded to take the town. . The
enemy resisted for about an
hour and then retired, taking the
dead' and wounded with them.
Their force numbered about loop
men. The reconnoissance de
veloped the fact that the town of
Molo had been deserted by the
; enemy, who are ■ going ] into the
hills by three roads.
, Business has* been resumed at
Iloilo. The port has been opened
with Ensign L. H. Everhart of
the Boston as captain of the port.
?y Desultory firing on the Califor
nia Regiment a few miles from
Manila continued last night.
Four of the Americans were
slightly wounded.
ILOILO WAS TAKEN
WITHOUT A STRUGGLE
Boston's .Sailors Marched Into the
.Center of the town and
•y. Hoisted the Flag.
" MANILA, Feb. Particulars of the
capture of Iloilo by the United States
forces under Brigadier General Miller
NEW YORK, Feb. 14.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends : the
following:; Herr Raffel, formerly presi
dent of the Municipal .Council of Apia,
and the most disturbing element in the
Samoan situation, has left Apia . for
Germany. , Secretary Hay has been of
" flclaJly. advised of his departure.. ? . •*•
' Embassador Yon Holleben, who called
at: the State ' Department this after-. I
noon, was unable to furnish the depart
ment with any information respecting
the. purpose of • his Government with
reference to Herr Rose, the . German
Consul to Samoa, for the reason that
Berlin had not yet received full, reports;
of events which have occurred,, which
it desires before taking action
Much gratification is. naturally felt
at the withdrawal of Herr Raffel. It is
the first step taken by the Berlin Gov
ernment in compliance with the repre
sentations made by Embassador White.
Acting under instructions from ■■*.*the
. State Department the American Em
bassador recently brought to the atten
tion of the German Minister of Foreign
Affairs the acts of this official and Herr
Rose,, which this Government contends
are In violation of the treaty of Berlin,
and urged their removal as promptly
as possible. At the time the represen
tations were -made the German repre
sentative explained that his Govern
ment was waiting for full reports and
When these were, received proper action
. Would be taken, should it be shown that
the course pursued by the German of
ficials ..was as .represented by ' the
American advices. In the meantime the.
German Government desired it to be
understood that it had not given any
instructions' which would require any
violation of the treaty.
. Following this disavowal conies news
of the withdrawal of Herr Raffel and
the authorities have no doubt , that
when 7 the German Government fully
understands the facts Herr Rose will
■ also be ordered from Samoa. Where
Germany has made so many conces- j
sions it Is not surprising that the offi
cials are 'quite ready to meet her in a
like conciliatory spirit, arid? for this
reason will carefully examine the re
ports of Justice Chambers and Consul
General Osborne,
?.. In. view of the majority of six to one
which Mataafa received over Malietoa
. Tanu, the .German? Government is very
anxious that; he should be appointed to
i office, notwithstanding the decision of
the Chief Justice in favor .of Malietoa?
and the administration Is quite- willing
to closely examine . the decision? and.
should it be, weak in any respect, to
take such action as would seem proper.
Some of the points in the decision of
the Chief Justice have been communi
cated to the-State Department? but the
President and Secretary Hay desire to
learn the full details; before acting.
Should it be shown that the placing of
Mataafa on the throne would be in the
interest of peace- and order 71n the Isl
ands, the object of the Berlin treaty, it
might .be. considered, justifiable to over
rule the .decision of the Chief Justice.
on Saturday last have been received
here. .:"?.-■••' ;-?/■' •';?'•' -'.-;?■''./ : : ?:
On the morning of Friday; February
10, General Miller sent an ultimatum
to the commander of the rebels on
shore, notifying him that: it was/his in
tention to take . Iloilo by force if nec
essary. Non-combatants ahd foreign
ers: were warrted to leave the town
■within : twenty-four, hour--,' The rebels
were also warned, that they must 'make
no further belligerent demonstrations.
The gunboat Petrel was then moved to
a position close in shore and hear the
rebel fort, while the cruiser Boston
took up her station at the other end
of the town. "' ;
Friday passed quietly. . During the
day many refugees left the town of
Iloilo, the majority of them being taken
on board foreign ships lying in the har
bor. ■'.? /? ,:; :;.?":• /. 7 Yy i/i ■:;?::// y.y\%
Search! lffhts from the United States
warships were kept all. night long illu
minating the rebel defenses. The reb
els, so far. as the lookouts- oh the ships
could • discover, remained quiescent all
night. At 3 o'clock on the morning of
Saturday, February 11, the gunboat
Petrel signaled to the cruiser Boston
that the rebels were working in their
trenches. In return tbe Petrel was or
dered to fire warning shots upon the
town from her three-pounders. ••■*
• This was done and the rebels replied
with a harmless fusillade. The Boston
and the Petrel then bombarded the reb
els" trenches, completely clearing them
of their occupants in a very short space
of time. , '[. ???•? '???'??-? '.'//'■:: '?'.;■? ■'///ii.
Soon after the bombardment began
flames broke out simultaneously in va
rious parts of the town, and thereupon
forty-eight sailors, acting as infantry
and with Colt's automatic guns, were
landed from the cruiser Boston apd a
company Was sent ashore: from the gun
boat Petrel. ???.; These detachments
marched straight into the town of
Iloilo, and. hoisting .." the ' Stars and
Stripes over the fort took . possession: of
the place in the name of the United
:.State3.-////77Y' y 7{. ' ■'■ -?/■': •''■;?-' 7'7y : y "/
The capture of the 'town and Its ; de
fenses having been accomplished,' the
sailors and soldiers, who had also been
sent ashore, proceeded to the task of
; saving the American English arid Ger
man consulates from destruction by the
fire which was raging among the frail
and Inflammable buildings of the town.
The Swiss Consul's residence, which
was In the same row as- the consulates
named, was burned. . The entire Chinese
and- native, sections of the town were
.destroyed, but foreign mercantile.prop
erty escaped with slight damage. There
was some desultory firing by the enenvy
In the outskirts, of Hollo,- but not a sin
gle American was injured.,
. General Miller's r force had complete
control of the situation when the gun
boat Petrel '.". sailed • from Iloilo for .Ma
nila. The Sixth Artillery Regiment oc
cupied a position comman(|ing both the
bridges leading into the town and the
Tennessee ; volunteer*' y arid .•';.' the . Eigh
teenth United States Infantry were oc
cupying the trenches : that had been con
structed by the'robels.  -y
CRUISE OF THE IOWA.
■'■': NEW YORK," Feb. 14.-A Washington
special to, the Herald .says: ; . No orders
have yet been Issued directing the lowa
to pii'ircil to Manila. She lifts been as
signed | temporarily to the Pacific sta
tion, and when her repairs i are * com
pleted-she probably will receive orders
assigning her.to the Asiatic' station and
directing her to proceed to join Rear
Admiral Dewey. ■■'/■
SHOULD ABANDON
THE PHILIPPINES
Dr. Jordan Discusses the
:^ Nation's Crisis. /'• —
BUT ONE COURSE IS OPEN
IMPERIAL POLICY ? LEADS TO
-.?;:--■ DISASTER.
"Half the Energy Spent in Getting
Into. .Trouble Will Take Us
Honorably Out
"."".". i•. ** '"of It.'* '.*',-'.
.? ..,•. Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb, 14.
President Jordan delivered a lecture to
night on the question of the Philip
pines. Opening' his address he said:?;
• I Wish to-night to maintain a single
proposition.- It is our plain duty to with
draw fro iri the Philippine Islands as soon
as in dignity we can. I ask you to con
sider with me three questions of the hour: y
Why. do we: want the Philippines? What y
can we do with them? What will they
do-- to us? : ■■: ";y : -Y::y:y'yy::.yy. ■■'■■;:;■;-.•
. These questions demand . serious con
sideration—not one at a time, but all to
gether. We should know clearly our final
intentions as a nation, for it is never easy
to retrace false steps.. We have made too
many of these already;. It Is time for us
to grow serious. Even the most headlong,
of our people admit that we stand In the
presence of a real : crisis. : But the prob
lem is virtually . solved when - we Know
what our true interests are- ■ Half tne
energy we have ■• Spent . in getting Into
trouble will take us honorably out of it.
Once convinced that we do riot want the
Philippines, it Will-be easy to? abandon
therii. : The difficulty - Is that we do . not
yet know what we want, and we . are
afraid that if we once let these people go
we will never catch them again.
Summing up .his discourse he said:
.As to the: true American policy of to-.
day I give the fullest Indorsement: to the
words of Professor James, which are in
substance as follows: - ,°
First— lt is our duty to carry out t-he
solemn pledge made to. the world with
respect to Cuba "and retain military pos
session only, long enough to. enable the
Cubans to organize a Government' of their
own. A few months at most should wit
ness the complete relinquishment of Cuba
into the hands of its own citizens. After
that it should remain absolutely free and
independent. We have no. right to insist
that our own or any particular: form of
government shall be. .adopted; by the
Cubans or to Impose qualifications of cit
izenship on them. : Trie present. noble Gov
ernment of Mexico, by which : in Diaz's
own words It has become the "germ of a
great nation," Would have been Impossi
ble under, our own dictation or under, the
disastrous, imperialism of 'Napoleon and
Maximilian. . The same rule should be
adopted In regard to Porto Rico.
Second— No Inhabited country should be j
acquired' by this Government .which can- i
not be self-governing and ultimate
ly be received into the family of States.
If in the future the people of Cuba and
Porto Rico agree With those of the United:
States that annexation is mutually desir
able ■ they 'may be joined to. - our body
politic. .7, .
Our policy in the Philippines should be
exactly the same. Let them fit their gov
ernment to their own needs, -with the
guarantee of our protection from outside :
Interference. But under no circumstances j
should the Philippines or any distant ter- ,
ritory Inhabited by an - alien and. semi- |'■
civilized population be retained as a per-
manent possession of the United States.
The greatness of a nation lies not in Its 7
bigness, but in Its justice, In the wisdom .
and virtue of Its people and In the pros- '
perity of their ■■■ Individual affairs. The '
nation exists for Its men, never the men !
for the nation. ?y .<,'-'.;. i
"I cannot help thinking of you as you
deserve," said Thoreau, "O, ye Govern
ments." The only Government that I rec
ognize—and It matters not how few are at ;
the head of It or how small Is Its army-
Is that which ■ establishes justice ; in the i ■
land, never that which establishes In
justice. The will of free men to be just | ,
toward one another Is our final guarantee 7
that "government of the people, for the !
people, by the people shall .not perish from ! :
the earth." ■: - ■ ■-:,■. j I '
Will Add to Montecito's Gayety. i
7 SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 14.— Ernest A. I .'
Robinson, a wealthy Englishman, to-day j '
purchased? the Ashley property In "Mon. : '
teclto Valley and will erect a 550.000 resi- ! :
dence immediately. Mr. Robinson will ! ]
bring several yachts to this channel and , i
will Introduce this sport extensively.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
- ARRIVED. 'iY'y.Y'y 1
Tuesday, February 14.
Stmr Chas Nelson, • Anderson, 84 hours from I
Seattle. ■'■-/■-.:;.■■'■: y . ■'.' v - *' *
, SAILED, y 7 ?7*;.y?
Tuesday, February M.
i Stror "Ellhu Thomson, Smith...: ';':■'.
RETURNED.
Tuesday, February 14. "
•:Sehr. Rio Rey, "Skipper, from sea. on account
of carrying away foresail'Feb 14 off. the nine
fathom buoy.,
•- :,'•':-: TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. •'•■ - ■
.NEW YORK—Arrived Feb 14—Stmr La Bre- .
'from Havre;-. ■ y'y
Sailed -Feb ; 14—Stmr . Fuerst . Bismarck, for.
Naples. .
NAPLES—SaiIed . Feb 14—Stmr Karamania,
for New York. y-'-y-.---' ■;■':-. .'■-.::
. LIVERPOOL—SaiIed Feb 14—Stmr Cuflc, . for
New?-York.';.-.;';; ;.'■■".*■?■.■ ?.:.'. y ''..'?•.'■'■'?.'.-:. .' 7
[LOSS 0F.... %
| SLEEP, J
I STRENGTH, I
A • NERVE, J
V Hudyan Cures, y
. • HUDYAN cures diseases of the Blood and Nerves **TTnviv «„»
Nervousness, Weakness, Exhausted Nervous Vitality Rheumatism Sc-
iatica, Locomotor Ataxia, Paralysis, Sleeplessness H^nrhaT^A^i
ency, Mental Depression? Hysteria, Neuralgia ? Rain^ in &- «^ SSiS
Epileptic Fits. Palpitation of the Heart, NerVous Dvsn^f "? J.* o*'0 *'
tion. Mental Worry, E<rly Decay. Const pationafl JSt £. ndl S eB -
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cprne*- Ellis an,- Market Sts., San Francisco, Cal
If you wish Wflical AdVice Consult the HODYAH DOCTORS, free. . •
LAST STAND FOR
THE CANAL BILL
Closing Struggle in the
House.
WARM DEBATE PRECIPITATED
"FATE OF THE MEASURE NOT,
? ■ - DECIDED. -.
Offered ;by Hepburi" as an
Amendment to the Sundry
' ? Civil Appropriation y
Bill.
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14. -The Nica
ragua canal bill was offered in tha
House this afternoon as an amendment
to the sundry civil appropriation bill
by Hepburn, chairman of the committee
that reported it, and the leaders on tha
respective sides are engaged in a des
perate struggle which involves the fata
of the measure at this session of Con
gress. After Cannon, chairman of tha
Committee on Appropriations, served
nptice last week that there was no time
for the consideration of the canal bill
at this session the supporters of tha
measure decided to force it on tha
sundry civil bill as a rider if possible.
Upon reaching the page of the sundry
civil bill containing the caption "deep
waterways commissions," Hepburn of
fered as an amendment the Nicaragua
canal bill reported by his committee.
Cannon, chairman of the Appropria
tions Committee, immediately raised
four distinct points of order against it;
first, that It w-as not germane; second,
that it was directly obnoxious to rule
21; third, that it violated the rule re
quiring that appropriations in general
appropriation bills should be authorized
by law, and fourth, that it was not la
continuation of work authorized by law.
• Tbis opened a long parliamentary de
bate upon the' points of order. Hepburn
took the floor, arguing that the amend
ment was germane and that it violated
no rule. He contended that the two
surveys made under the direction of
Congress constructively authorized the
-work of building the canal itself. Ha
insisted that the work of constructing
the canal was in progress within the
contemplation of the rule.
W. A. Smith <R.) of Michigan de
clared that the Dickinson treaty of 1867
warranted an appropriation for the
construction of the canal as much as
the treaty rf Paris warranted the ap
propriation of ;J0,000,000 carried in this
bill.
In concluding his argument Hepburn,
declared that the rale invoked against
his bill was obsolete so. far as the Ap
propriations Committee was concerned.
There were thirteen distinct violations
o-f it in the pending bill. It was in
voked only when the Appropriations
Committee desired to stand off some
fancied raid upon the treasury. There
was a round of applause when Hepburn
took his seat.
Cannon, in reply, said that he would
not consider the wisdom of building the
canal. It was the law which should b©
considered; and there was not a micro
scope in the universe big enough to find
a shred of law upon which to base thla
appropriation. Personally, he an
nounced himself in favor of the con
struction of the canal.
Bailey suggested that if there were a
question as to whether the amendment
were in order upon the bill the House
should agree by unanimous consent to
make the canal bill a special order im
mediately after the disposal of the sun
dry civil bill.
Cahnon. pointed out in response how
a majority of the House, if so disposed,
could to-morrow go into committee of
the whole and consider the canal bill
on its merits. The attempt to get a
rider upon a supply bill that must pass,
he declared, led to bad and sometimes
fraudulent legislation — often both. Can
non was exceedingly earnest anil vigor
ous in his appeal to members not to be
carried off their feet. Impressively he
recalled the scandals in connection with
the building of the Pacific railroads
and pleaded with the House not to dis
honor itself by crushing down a rule
that had stood for 110 years as a safe
guard to legislation. There were some
things that could not be done with im
punity.
There were several interesting col
loquies between Cannon and Hepburn
as they fenced for advantage. With
out concluding the debate upon tha
point of order the committee arose.
The army appropriation bill was re
ported by Hull, who gave notice that
he would cail it up at the earliest op
portunity..
At 5:15 p. m. the House adjourned.EVERY SECTION OF THE STATE STRONGLY
IN FAVOR OF THE GREAT EXPOSITION
IF the wishes of the people of the State of California
are to be considered in the matter of holding a
world's fair in San Francisco in 1901, that enterprise
may he considered as good as an accomplished fact.
From all sections of the State, in response to tele
grams of inquiry sent out by The Call, come expressions
from the most prominent public men of hearty indorsement,
and promises of enthusiastic support of the project. One or
two discordant notes may be found in the grand harmony
of enterprise, progress, energy and intelligence that comes
from the interior, but they are virtually drowned in the
chorus of towns which see the advantages of the proposed
Pacific Ocean and International Exposition of 1901.
To-night there is to; be a special .'• meet- I
ing of the Ways and Means Committee of
the Assembly at Sacramento to act
upon the bills already Introduced, in the j
Legislature in the Interest of the big fair.
On behalf of the general committee of i
the Pacific Ocean Exposition there will i
appear before the Assembly committee to J
speak for favorable action Upon these j
measures Mayor Phelan, J. B. Reinstein,
Charles L. Pat tori. Supervisor John Lack
mann. H. J. Crocker and J. A. Fllcher.
The gentlemen named, accompanied by
Secretary R. P. Doolan.y 7 will .leave for.
Sacramento on 7 the 8 o'clock train this
morning. They will go fortified with facts j
and figures regarding the proposition, arid j
anticipate? little. or no opposition. There i
are two bills to be. considered. ? One ap- i
propriates $500,000 of the State's money
for the exposition, and provides for the i
appointment by the Governor of fifteen ,
commissioners to look after the expendi- !
ture of the amount. The other gives au- |
thority to the counties, cities and coun- |
ties, and municipalities, to ? appropriate j
moneys in aid of the enterprise.
. .: W. 11. Mills, one, of the members :of the ;
general committee. of the exposition has |
given considerable thought to 7 the fair, of
1901. His views are clear and strong. He
brings but prominently the immediate ad
vantages to be derived from the fair, and
also Its importance to the future of San
Francisco and the State of California,
Speaking of the matter yesterday he said:
"I am in favor of holding a meeting of
the general committee of the Pacific
Ocean and International Exposition for
the purpose of hearing and discussing in '
ADVOCATES THE EXPOSITION AND
A STATE APPROPRIATION FOR IT
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 14.— William Land, Mayor of Sacramento, said to-night
that he favored the holding of the proposed exposition in San Francisco in 1901.
He thinks that it would attract thousands of strangers to this State, many of
whom would undoubtedly conclude to locate here. "Besides," said Mayor
Land, "it would be invaluable as a means of showing the progress made along
industrial and agricultural lines by the State." Mayor Land added that he would
favor a legislative appropriation in aid of the fair, so long as it was reasonable
in amount.
a tolerant spirit the d (Terences of opin
ion - nich may exist among- the leading,
citizens of San Francisco as to the hold
ing of this exposition. : The general, com
mittee lias undertaken to assume, charge
of the conduct of the exposition, and. it
should hold a meeting at which every one'
would have an opportunity to give ex-'
pression to his views. In this way? tne
committee would obtain? a consensus of
opinion either for or against the propo
sition. ". In other words, I. am in ; favor of
some, measure that will weld all our peo
ple together and Induce them to act
in harmony and in co-operation.. . 77. 7 :
"Lord Beresforu has declared that ,-he
is glad that the United States has assert
ed its ownership of the Pacific Ocean.
That is a most significant statement. We
acquired the Pacific Coast territory upon
the theory that the Pacific Ocean was to
be me day the theater of a great com
merce, and that upon y its ' shores ya
great empire of wealth and population
■was to be founded. The statesmen contem
poraneous with Jefferson saw plainly that
the establishment of a great common
wealth to expand Into a powerful nation
would be a menace to the United States;
hence the expansion of our territory to.
the Pacific Ocean. Time has passed and
we are to-day in the presence of the ful
fillment of all the prophecies that have
been made by the statesmen of all times,
even down as late as William H. Seward,
who declared that the Pacific Ocean was
to be the theater of a national drama,
surpassing in magnitude and grandeur all
past human history.
"I believe that the superior commercial
and Industrial powers of the people of
the United States will make this nation
the dominating force ln the commerce of
the Pacific Ocean. y-' :,?.
"The present is an opportune time for
Illustrating the commercial possibilities of
ADVERTISEMENTS. '*••'."?■/'■'
OO O O 000000 O 000 0000 oo 000000000 00 00 6 6 O'O.O 00000000 00 0 00
° n^i ■ ■■■■'-■ on \* ■••* °
1 LlCbll Hill! S^ fif l S
lls the Remedial Power m W m \ m m m m m^ J
O With that I conquer disease and make man .pain- ??.'7 / // ''"'iPif^X^Mß ■ :?•.''?• -'0
q 'proof to press on in the work of life! -Foremost of all ; y.'y -.;.? ': f I '"'' :*' i__l___jl_S„^l^^^W_l_r 0
|My Batteries is Sanden / - ' -IEJBk* 'y^f^l '■' O"'
IMy Dr. Sanden lE| i
s Electric Belt _■■_■_§ >y I
O . It is like the arm of a conqueror when It combat* - ____-'^'-^ ?^_B_H_L^^si___lJ___i ■?.:■-
-q your malady. If you've .weakness: in any of the : or- ■?'. -'■ mW^'X'-i i \;7i- - ~!y '' .0
~ gans. impai merit of the nerves, pain In the back, kid?-? : .H. - 1 ' •."./.••.•.'*.■!" __■ '-___i____B ___■'-^^^aSi^ilii ' -®
" neys, sciatic or neuralgic trouble, 1 or '* you have a rte» . *^8? ■/'--' 'HP __[■'**^'i&Tv?^^^ ' O
*f 7 pressed,; broken-down -feeling, my Belt will act like a ■•?■?,-?•• "•■•'-'^W_t_f_!___§_ni^^^^S^^' 0
0 charm In your case. This is a with a world-wide ■ '•<?: ""A' '.-:'■■■'' „'••?.'• :^^*^a^^^^^^B_H ' ' '■ n
O. name— the victor that beats all its Imitations. Its •? ? Mrai^^H •
O merits have been tested by scientists, indorsed by phy--' • l__t___.?'^^tsllsH -. ®
0 sicians and proved^ by.. thousands: of cures. This, then, '? V?'?:--??'*? "•' : '\ ."'"• ff_JWm , '^-^''^^^P ■"■ '■'• ®
O is the remedy to stop your failing health, your wast- - * WRfH-yy'^^^-Jiß 0
O Ing energy. For it quickens, the vitality makes ?■? :: ' yy'^' ?' ?••" - J FrY -f y': •» -' .;>- ■".-.; '■' P,
q the weak man strong; A '" - ? . O
0 The foregoing is oonfirmed by W. J. Fleming of Cal., whose letter ii on file under date of February 1, 1899. He fays-: 0
O My book, "Three Classes of Men,?' is mailed free. Send for It. V *^For"over three years I : suf- °
O • l^l__>"^^ -i.'i_?V : ' yfeted .pains and. debility .and ■ 0
0 : , DR. yy\.?H. /V\Cl__/_HIJC^H:LIINi- *. ••-.■• took _» .end of drugs. ...-After '-*. O
Zi' ■•'-•:; -ma M ,' * _.-_.?- -X- :iv \V> r- >• ■ ■ wearing your Belt three months 0
O ,-.."•••' .. 702 Market St., Corner Kearny.fean Francisco. • '■•' -.- .without medicine I feel wonder- q
O '■'■■'. Of Sic: Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. fund_y_, 10 to 1 •• • "'•■ : fully better. : ; One hundred, dol- n
rt ■.■•;•';- '•'• ■'"'■■■ ■■ -__•_ -_l_? -__ :" '•'"-' •''*-: " • ■'• •.:'...-••'•' •,'•.- lars would not tempt me to part V
"V. NOT SOLD DRUG STORES. :■ - - ••? : -.- ./Mag :*inqx- ■-*••■ ji :?o
V - *•"?*.■?■ •••.•••-.•"••. "/.•-.--- :Yy '%■■.:■■.'■ *.-.■?•■•.' •. ' *' '*..'• - ..... . ■■: . ■ ■:■.'' * .-.-■' 0
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
the Pacific Ocean. Heretofore we have
looked to the Atlantic Ocean as the natur
al theater. for development of ourcbm-'- ;
mercial relations. San Francisco being, ;
on the Pacific Ocean is directly Interested
In illustrating : to the world not only the,
present volume of Pacific Ocean commerce ;
but the possibilities of that commerce. I
And it can do this not so much by subsi- .'
■dies to steamships; though they are desir
able In themselves? as by a great exhibit j
tion which will: attract the .attention of '■
the world to San Francisco, to Its com- !
mercial Importance and to the great f u-7 i
ture which is just dawning for: the people
who occupy the countries having their
shores on the Pacific Ocean;
"There is a personal equation control
ling the action of capital. This must be I
educated, and It needs education in com- j
mercial ' geography as : mUch? as? anything? :
else. If we will illustrate the vast possi
bilities of the commerce of the Pacific
Ocean we will attract the attention of
capital, which is controlled by human am-.
bitlori and personal opinion the. same "is
every other department of human ac- |
tivity. y^?v-y ■?:.-: yy/-/ •?. '■:.. /:>■// Y,<'-7\ ■■■
'•"The most Important matter, to the peo
pie of California? and to the people of San ,
Francisco is the assertion .of. San Fran-
Cisco's relation to the future. commerce of
the Pacific Ocean. . . This assertion ••.'wants'
to be re-enforced by an Illustration. which
will educate the world on the subject,
and this can be done. in; no. more .effective
Way than by holding a grand interna v
tional exposition.
"A still more important matter under-;
lying the proposition Is the development j
here of: commercial enterprise and : the.
elimination of that provincialism, which
has tended heretofore to. retard the
growth of this city Opportunity for
growth max- exist without limit-, bo-'. it is y
the personal enterprise; of : the p>? pie •<*.-'
--cupying . any locality . which detetnii
the "question ; as :to whether their ad van
tages and opportunities shall be deveU
mci-.ma •- »3 «3 '■•?' •o»?'io' er> »0 *o'*r) ao ao • V •<?• ■
t oped or whether they shall be relegated i
. to oblivion.
.. "The. soils and climate '.'of- California ; :
| possessed all their, present qualities when
the country was occupied by. the Indians .: .
and also later when the same region was
under Spanish dominion. . :• The ! difference
' between what the visitor sees in Califor
nia to-day in commercial and industrial
'; greatness and what lie would have. seen i
if he visited California during Indian
occupation 1*" not referable to changed
.physical conditions/or .changed 7 natural-?
i resources, but. to : the development of the?
industrial and commercial capacities of
i the people occupying the territory.
"An international and industrial expo
sition carried to a successful Issue by
1 the people of : San Francisco will .vastly,
1 enhance the spirit of .enterprise. •■■-.lt.'.alone'.-
I can be depended on to assert and main- i
j tain the important relation of San Fran
i cisco with the Commerce of the Pacific?
I Ocean; '.-• .-?•.•"-.' ?";•-:-.?:'-■■ ■'■■yy - : / : ?. : "-. : "
. :• "When objectors say : that . there . are
! many things which ought, to be done the !
friends of the International exposition
find themselves In hearty agreement with ,
i them, but it does not follow because we j
i ought to subsidize steamship lines be-
I tween San Francisco and other Pacific
ports that we should forego • an interna- I
: tional exposition, with all the benefit that
will accrue from that undertaking. The j
: provincialism which has retarded the l
growth . of San Francisco once broken
] down, all future beneficial enterprises will
j be easier of achievement.
"Whatever our geographical advantages |
may be, our future greatness will still.
depend upon the energy- intelligence, en-, i
terprise and civilized efficiency of our citi
zens. The growth of any locality begins '
with the people who occupy it. The work,
of holding here a great exposition' is*
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, ; 1899.
worthy to-be? undertaken In the- Interest
of Its influence upon the character of our
citizens for enterprise and for their ca
pacity: to get together, in' an undertaking.
"The people, of California. have' suffered
from divided counsels, as to what shall be
done because they are unaccustomed to
co-operation In great enterprises. Let
those who object, to the holding of? an In
ternational exposition bring forward, their
proposition 1 and they will find a divided
sentiment to obstruct the successful pros
ecution -of what they propose. But let
something once be done by the people of
San Francisco with the. co-operation of
the people of the State of . California? and
let them carry their project to a success
ful issue. The precedent will be of Ines
timable value in all subsequent undertak
ing of whatever character. . y • ■
■ "It is easy to perceive that an exhibi
tion here in- 1901 in celebration of the semi
centennial year of California's, statehood
can be sit conducted as to attract the at
tention of the world. It Is planned. to car
r\- it out- on a scale adequate to the com
plete illustration, of the future. possibilities
of the commerce of. the Pacific Ocean, and
it will attract, a large, number, of .visitors
whose "expenditures . will greatly reinforce
the effective working capital of our. peo
ple. .' ■ : ' Y'y")': /y,y Yy-y/y/yY y. ■/.-■:;:■ y
"It is within reasonable probability that
the people of.'- California expended from
five to: ten millions of dollars in visiting
the Columbian Exhibition held in Chicago
in 1893, •'■?, Let;-, the smaller "•' figures be : ac
copied as the true: dries, the exhibition at
Chicago took from us- five millions of dol
lars. . An exhibition-- adequately; planned
and: the plan comprehensively: ■ executed,
can, without exaggeration and fully with
in the bounds of reasonable probability,
attract here visitors who: will expend dur
ing their stay some twenty millions of
gold. The output- of gold of the State, for
1898 has been placed atJlS. 000,000.: Suppose
that in the first week of: January of that
year It had ■'■ been declared that the. gold
output of California would Tie. nothing un
less the city 01 San Francisco ; would: ex
pend a million of dollars to carry on the
mining enterprises of the: State. Would
any one hesitate to spend a minion of dol
lars that JIS.I .600 in mone*- metal might
be brought to light, and diffused through
the arteries of commerce?
"But suppose that the estimate of $20,
--000,000 as the amount that will reinforce
our own ciTiital. as the result' of the ex
position, is too hitrn.' and •: the amount Is
placed : at $107000 .000,? that: volume of money
to be added to ' the working; capital, of : the
people .of California .is certainly 7 worth
earning. Leave out of the question actual
llerures about which there may be contro
versy., it cannot be denied that an ade
quate exposition will result In a very
largo reinforcement of the cash capital of
this city and. State.
''In all this. it will 7; be- seen, we have
several separate and. Strong. Inducements.
Tne first of these relates to the demon
stration of the position of the ■■x--p.cm.ic
Ocean 7 as a most. Important commercial
waterway by an adequate, exhibition of
-_•>•-> in ml •i'«o «0 «0 »0 »0 en »0 »0 tO *6 '•-•O St
the- resources of tne countries bordering .
upon that, ocean. the second resides in
attracting the attention of the world to
the bright dawn of our future greatness
which has been prophesied by our wisest
men in all periods of our history. The
third relates to the assertion of. the com
mercial supremacy of : f*n« x> rancisco on
the commercial map of the western hemi
sphere and ocean, and the fourth and
most important relates to.' 1 -- Influence -
which a national undertaking of this kind
will have in the direction of establishing
the .boejan.as a controlling, factor :In the
Industrial and commercial development Of
th( State of California and of the Pacific
Const 'States and territories generally.:?..
--"It should also be taken into consider
ation that the success of the Pacific
Ocean.: Exposition in 1901 Will : undoubtedly
mean- the realization of. most of those
projects wh 'ch have been ■;' suggested in
lieu of the i >,ir. such as increased trans
portation, facilities and new industrial en
terprises'! .for the State. -
"This-. fs r the greatest opportunity ever
presented to Elian Francisco. . If she misses
it some- other city will undoubtedly take
ai'v,-:ii-to"K>-:':of It, to the latter's advancer
ment ' and profit and to the shame and
detrihierit:;-)f the California City and the
people of -he State." ...
■■• . —^ — *-^ — — •
POPULAR SENTIMENT
IS FOR THE BIG FAIR
5 "With a view toward ascertaining
public sentiment in the various sections
of. "the State with reference to the prop
osition to hold a great international ex
position in the city of San Francisco in
1901 • telegrams were sent to a niimfiir
W?\&? w V * "ir'iy a^ U y er
of the; more important, cities. . Only a
few responses were received last night,
but, all of these, with the: exception of
...„„-•:• .y ,■ -  .••.-, :■ ' .-
two, were enthusiastically in favor !of
the enterprise. The telegrams follow:
; WOODLAND. Feb. 14.—The. people of
Yolo County are almost unanimous In op-
'position to an apprbpriation tb^aid the?
exposition to.be held San Francisco" In
1901. : Mayor Charmak said: . "If * such
an enterprise results in benefits? San
Francisco reaps all. San Francisco busl-
ness interests should foot the bills. Sari
Francisco -and the railroad • companies
alone profited by the Midwinter Fair.
The interior counties have not yet recov-
ered from the: effects of it. . The bulk of
the patronage that sustained it was fur-
nished by- the people of the Interior•• of
the State, who spent money they could j
-11l afford to spare." ?•■'.'.'■ ..
.. Editor Dungan, when asked for an opln-
WORTH MILLIONS TO THE
PEOPLE OF CALIFORNIA
SONT.-1 BARBARA, Feb. 14.— U. D. Smith, Chair
man pro ten), of the Council, is heartily in favor of
holding an exposition in San Francisco in 1901. He
believes it will be very advantageous to the entire
State and will be worth millions to the people of Cali
fornia. The entire: Council and every prominent
citizen interviewed are of the same opinion.
ion as to the advisability of making; such |
an appropriation, replied:. "I am strong- i
lv opposed to It. • . If the people of San
Francisco Want an exposition let them I
pay for. It and not call upon the tax- I
payers of the State to do so.V-
j MEANS ? PROFIT. TO. THE COAST, j
SANTA ROSA, Feb? 14.— 1 think a great
exposition in 1901 would be a. most ex
cellent 7 thing; for the Pacific Coast, as
well as for the city of San Francisco. . It
would bring thousands of people from
the East who would take advantage, of
the reduced railroad rates which would
undoubtedly be Offered. People with cap
ital would find profitable lr vestments,
here,- and While immediate returns from
the undertaking might not be forthcom
ing, the? final result 'would, : no doubt,
bring much profit to the coast. lam in
favor of an exposition and a big one.
'•• . J. S. SWEET.: ' •-,
./.'. Mayor of Santa Rosa
WILL BE OF GREAT BENEFIT, j
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 14— Many busi
ness men of this city take kindly to the
idea of having an exposition at San Fran
cisco in 1901. : -.??.:?..; •;'.-'? y?7'? •;■'.?- '/ '//■/:■.
"Happy Idea/ said E. Dinkelspiel of the
large mercantile firm of Dinkelspiel Bros.
"It should be a Pacific Coast exposition
and also contain - a liberal display of the
i product;'' of our new possessions in 7 the
Philippines. That would be an attractive
.feature to the world. In. my opinion there
could be no better time for such a dis
play. . : It would bring many people around :
this way from the Paris Exposition. I
think the Legislature should encourage
it."
. J. M. Keith of the Bank of Bakersfield,
said: "We should have it by all means.
Never- were times. riper for such an ad-
vertisement for California. The Legisla
ture should help the- enterprise." '•-■'•
J. \R; Hunt, president of. the Board of
Trade: . '*1 have not thought much of it.
but am inclined to think well of it. Situ
ated as it; would be midway in our, new
territory, in the Pacific and the East, it
. would undoubtedly give the State a big
boom. It would be a splendid idea to ex
hibit the products of our new Pacific post
: sessions/. The Legislature should. help
out." ' ' ■ ••• V " •'.
< '. Brower, Who. represented Kern Coun
ty at 7 the World's Fair: "It is a good
thing and would do the State much good.
It would; attract many visitors, and that
is what Is wanted now, Trio State would
be greatly benefited. : It should be a Pa
cific Coast affair; and it Is: right that the I
Legislature should assist."
: Other leading citizens spoke in a like |
manner?. The president of the Board of j
Trade not in favor of the proposition. .
WILL INAUGURATE A NEW ERA.
SAN JOSE, Feb.; 14.— Mayor. Martin Is
heartily in favor of holding a grand expo
sition "in San Francisco in 1901. He be
lieves it would benefit the whole State,
and 7 San Jose and Santa Clara COunty
especially; ; ■'<-.: : .yti-.'-i
. ''The proposed Pacific Ocean Exposition
to be held In San Francisco in 1901," said
Mayor' Martin this evening, "would Inau
gurate a new era In business and trade in
California. We need, just such a show,
and ought to have It. It would naturally
help the whole State. • The spirit of reju
venation would be felt along, the entire
coast. The trade with the Philippines and
Hawaii that Ca«.fornia will now enjoy will .
make a - great commercial city- of San.
Francisco, and consequently all classes in
the State will prosper. The bigger busi
ness San Francisco does, the more bene
fits financially and otherwise, will be en
joyed by Santa Clara, Alameda and all
counties in the central part of the com
monwealth.- Such an exposition as pro
posed will announce to all people all over
the world that .we are wide awake and
ready to do. business. •. The Legislature
should make a suitable appropriation for
the exposition. Such money would be well
spent and do more good than anything
else. San Jose will do. her share. If 100,
--000 people are attracted to the exposition '
this city .and county will get their pro i
rata* We want to Induce people to. come t
here. Our products, climate and resources j
are- the best in the world. While there
are blizzards In New York and people are i
freezing to death in different parts of the !
Union we are enjoying. beautiful sunshine
and regular spring weather.- There orily
one California, and. California Is God's
country. We don't realize the greatness
of our ' State. By all means let us have the
exposition. The people should not let this
opportunity go by to advertise our county..
The Call is doing a great work .In aiding
the • exposition. : Now: let us all unite and
make the exposition the greatest . ever,
held in this country .V
WILL AID STATE INTERESTS.
SUISUN." Feb 14.— EE. Long, presi
dent of the Board of Town Trustees of
Suisun. said: "Although I have not gone
fully into the matter, I am inclined to
favor the holding of an exposition in San
Francisco : In 1901, Relieving all- undertak
ings of such a nature would prove bene
ficial to the varied Interests of the State,
I believe sentiment generally- favors the.
proposition." y •'-,">••'•" * ..*••. ;•'. 7 _ './■'.- ;'*.?'.
A EIRST-CLACS ADVERTISEMENT j
"i SALINAS, Feb. 14.^-S"i;iin-isltes in ; 'gen- . ;
eral and many of the .most prominent
citizens as well as ..business- me in par-" .
ticular are greatly In favor of the Pacific
Coast' Exposition? believing. It. will be one
of the best advertisements of this section
as well as.of the whole coast, provided, of
course.- the affair is . devised on a proper
basis- and that the appropriation- is suf
ficient to make a satisfactory showing.
The most prominent men in this ■ city,
without. an exception,. favor the proposi-
tion. — •'. __?'?"■■ ' •' .-'■• -. • ' ■'-.
Mayor Charles Francee asserted that
the idea of holding an exposition on this
Coast In 1901 was a good one and that he
had favored the proposition .when it was
advanced by The Call last. year. It would,
he believes, materially advance California
interests, not only in other States, but,
coming as it Would after the Paris expo
sition, would advertise to the whole world
that our State Is the Land of Sunshine,
Fruit and Flowers. :..-•■ :.-:-.;- - , •-.
County Surveyor Lou G. Hare believes
the exposition a -:* good thing and said; :
"The exposition is all right and will be a
great benefit to. the State at large. ■'• As in
the case of the Midwinter Fair, this con
templated : exposition : Will . advertise the
advantages, of our State to the whole out
side world.: It Is advisable for the State
to appropriate money for the fair." •-'
Attorney J. W. Bryan— l consider th©
proposed exposition will be the best thing
for San Francisco people as well as for
Californians at large.that?can possibly be
suggested: as. a means, to advertise the
Stte, We have unbounded resources here
and -why not display them. The approprl
atlon asked of the State- will, I believe,
be inadequate and.should be larger.-. But
by other means a sufficient amount can
'readily be raised to make- the affair the
most. success fufoflts kind in the world, -^
Attorney G. A. Dougherty—lt is a bad
time to talk of expending a vast sum of
mone:iu for.i in. 05110"- but at the^same
tlme^the idea Is a good one all through
and I think it can be worked out stlsfac
tprlly on the present plans. .-:, .
Chris Thorp of .the ahrllch-Cornett
Company believes that the State should
appropriate a sum sufficient to insure the
success of the purposed exposition.. "This
done." said Mr. Thorp, "the citizens will
:do the rest." ■'...
C. F. Grant of Young & Grant: assert-
Ed that the idea was good and that all the
Assemblymen • and Senators should con-
cur with : the plans suggested' by the ex
position Committee.
V. D. Black, .manager -of : y the Sperry
Flour Company's, mill, remarked that the
exposition would be a. great advertise
; ment '. for the .-. whole : Pacific Coast and
should be held in. 1901 •
Mr. Griffin, of the firm of Griffin Bros.—
The Pacific Ocean Exposition will be a
grand, success provided the State appro
priates a sufficient. amount to make it so.
The Legislature should not hesitate to
pass the bills. Of course the advisability
depends upon ; the season, 7 but : with? good
crops this year, the ;. ' exposition cannot
help being a grand success.
From many /others like opinions .were
gained: and it was the' consensus of opin
ion/that* both Senator Flint and Assent
blyman Feliz would be: upheld if they
voted favorably upon the appropriation
bill. .y'
AS SEEN 7BY ? PESSIMISTS. '■ *
NAPA, Feb. 14— J. A. Fuller, Mayor of
Napa," said - concerning the exposition to
be held in San Francisco In 1901: .."I am
not in favor of that exposition, because
in the first- place it is premature. It
comes too soon after the exposition at
Paris. Secondly, : the working classes . will
not indorse and enjoy, it .because of the
hard y times and the • recent scarcity .of
crops. The: minds of our great men -are
occupied with the present disturbances in
.the Philippines, and they will not turn
their attention to the exposition, If' it
were postponed for a few years we should
i gain many '.'new points and ideas .'which?
would be advantageous to the exposition.
It might be beneficial to a few people in
San Francisco, to the railroads and big
enterprises; but the. laboring classes
would have to pay for It, on top of the
taxation required for the recent war with
Spain; and . they would get : nothing out of
it. I like to see San Francisco first in
everything; ? She is a great city? but this
exposition, would take- a great deal of
good hard . cash from the poor man; whom
it would injure mor- than it would benefit?
I am.in. favor of waiting. three years after
the Paris Exposition closes. : By that time
?the Philippine question will be settled and
i the inhabitants of those Islands might be
j prepared- to assist the exposition them
selves with .an exhibition of something
entirely new."?;.-.?: y,-.7? '■'../ . ■„• ?;:•
APPRECIATE A GOOD THING.
HANFORD, Feb. ' 14.— Mayor DR.
Cameron believes that the idea of holding
an exposition in San Francisco in 1901 is
one that everybody should be In favor of.
"I am thoroughly in favor of anything
that will? help advertise this State," ha
said: '■: ■ ; : -:-yy : '■'.;.:■ 7 :••"■-/.•';-•"' -,-'-'.-.'• V .-•:'•": ■' "■'■•. - :
If the exposition is voted upon the peo
ple of San Francisco can count on Han
ford and Kings County helping them out
In every possible way.
BOUND TO BE A SUCCESS.
VENTURA, Feb. 14.-Mayor J. S. Col
lins In an interview this evening ex
pressed himself as. being strongly in favor
of holding an exposition in San Francisco
in 1901. He said: :-.•
"It would be a splendid thing, especially
as it follows the Paris Exposition. Tne
Midwinter Fair was a great success, as
we all know, and this exposition would
undoubtedly prove still more of a suc
cess."
URGE . AN: APPROPRIATION.
SAN BERNARDINO. Feb. .14.—Presi
dent J. B. Frith of the Board of City
Trustees expressed himself very strongly
in favor of the exposition at San Fran
cisco in 1901:. "It. would be better for us,"
he said, "if it could be held at Los An
geles, but that is impossible, and I. would,
therefore, very strongly urge: it for San
Francisco.- Southern California will "et
its share of the benefit and the whole
State would reap advantages from it.
People drawn to- such an exposition would
not go home without : seeing. Southern
California. Every town in Southern Cal
ifornia should sand a petition: to the
• Legislature, and ' especially '• to Governor
Gage, ; strongly urging an appropriation
for this exposition" proposed for 1901."-
In the Divorce Courts.
.. Decrees of divorce were granted the fol
lowing plaintiffs in the. Superior Court yes
terday: Mary Rund from Elias Rund, on
the ground of willful neglect; Annie
Sharp from Joseph. Sharp, on the ground
of failure to ? provide, ' and Louisa Derichs
from A. C. Derichs, on the ground of will
ful neglect. 'Suits. : for divorce :on the
ground of cruelty have been filed by John
J. Fredrlchs against Agnes Fredrichsarid
Mary • Y. Roberson • against ■J. C. Rober
son; on the ground of desertion by Palma
CoZzelll i against DOnoto Cozzelll. Mat
thias Hirsch against Anna Hirsch and
Julia Bianchi against Amato .Belle
Blanchi. -.?-.-. y •:•.:••.:•': •',-: ■?;;., ..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lif : Y^
| y GENUINE P
V- : ? , Insist Upon Receiving • : '.', ; -v ' \
I If YOU WANT ''THB ONI,Y"
GENUINE HUNYADI WATER, J
Insist Upon Receiving <
Hnifyadi Janos j
s'.?'.- KATI'RAL APKUIKNT "WATER, ?. i
5 the only water which comes from the Hunyadi Springs i
l* of Hungary, owned By . ~ <
$ - •■ ■ y y ANDREAS SAXLEHNER, / . ''• J
# ■ '??•". Budapest. " !
:y -y THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
(^?f ¥*¥*¥****¥¥********* ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ *
» No Transaction Complete Until Customer Is Satisfied. ' "
."*.,- Here are bargain facts well worth remembering
Xwhen you are downtown to-day.
*■: :'•• : Men's Steln-BiOCh Suits ■} are on sale again for this week only -.at ,
J the! lowest price Stein-Bloch ,Suit3 have ever been sold for in this city? • .
■ fii"/ : Loewenthal's Suits and Cloaks, together with many lines of our .
* own Fall and Winter garments, are offered at about 403 on the dollar. The addi-
* tion of the finest garments, purposely, withheld during the first week of the sale,
?J makes. this week's offerings: even more interesting than those at the beginning, and
J the department is .' taxed to its utmost capacity to wait on afternoon trade. .
£, C.vie mornings if possible V f'.y
* 7 The Emporium $3.50 Shoes for Men are marked $3.10 this
* week to morethoroughly introduce them.
'•:*': •-'.'•: Men's $2.45 Derby and Fedora Hats, the exclusive hatters*
* $3 grade, are marked $2.10 this week for introductory purposes. ... .
->•■: —^ -. -' ' " ■ ." ■
'{ Wednesday Special Wednesday Special in
*D fl -< mi anient* __.fH. Dress Fabrics,
fittest uacKets 91 v. 50c Fancy. Checks and Novelty Mix
Jy. ■-;"'■-..' Those tures, pleasing color combinations in
:fi ;'„; Jf that shades of ; red, brown, green and blue;
* '■'"■'■■ Jmmmif' W *t»t? appropriate and very desirable materials
■fi/w ; tsv9& ■'■"''^oo^n'' for ladies' dresses and children's school
i'9^7'7. £&A\m- &22m50 costumes ; widths 38 and 45 inches ■•;■ 50c
•♦ hW^»"-lS? and $25 the regular price, and at 50c a splendid
__ Tr__^U3 ~ " In addition value, but on Wednesday all-day 0
__ Jti^'dtf to a lflrge special at....?,.. ...................;..;.•. -2oC
» % »?J3 number of fine .$1.25, $1.50 and $2.00 Astrachana? 54
* yykt& .Jackets that inches wrde, shades of brown, cardinal,
* _ysy^& we bought navy, French blue and two-toned effects
* 9 /yW^^m%. with the Loe- in black and red,. brown and green and
■* ■'••■1 II >A^l>N wenthal stock black and green, special to-day only, -p.
* 111 sJtiy r4oc on the per yard. ................ ?....?....^.. .".. 70C
*af//n dollar we of- SPecuaC Prices'for
- : £ WXik 'WilJ7T7^i/-7' r: -iex -to-d ay: 7 ? -■?-: yWOiai niCeS JOT yyy
SrCSi^ / ,WedneB d a y)v Pillow Dex.
* -UPV li ***/ x"0. an ? to " da y To-day (Wednesday) only, the popular,
*'* ' '(iM- '■-. *'1i X \\\u 1 ■' only, choice of exciting, laughable game that provides
* "Hi __J_a|3 : -^T l^^ - ? our .enl i re j fun for people of all ages ; more of them
■£''7'W-y^\\''^' : ''y\ ? stock of : cor- sold in the past few months than of all
: i- : '"'*ni''''" : "il'-f'-] I :: ' : 7/^\T rectstyle.per- i other new games combined ; to-day ■•<■'/.
__ ■'■: ■": '\Ty- " lll<ag= ;i^l V; fectl tail- complete f0r..?:.7. • 15c
i r**^ .^at't?: Ohimegraphs-Copies
J marked from $20 to $25, for.. «_ tn nn Of Paintings. .
fi ....................................... $10.00 Beautiful copies of famous paintings,
fi ?.?. '.- ■ ' ■■- representing etchings, a dozen subjects,
* - '' including "The Lifeboat" and E. yon
* morning customers will have ad- Blaas ' " Maria ; special to day . _
.^.vantage, of first choice and quicker *""" J-3C
*, service. - Wednesday Special.
i ;>> , . New Black Taffeta.
fi Wednesday ir^t. Rich lustrous all-silk Black . Taffeta
• : * ■'■'". KPprinl^'iii fi _Sl spring goods just received, made • espe-
j .;.- oituiais in .. •-,!, "T J..- ... , : cjal , y; for linings and underskirts, full 2?
* %o rOCKery inches wide and regularly 85c a yard, no
J Deilt ■' value in town to equal "it at. the , Q
.'2" -'"'y It price, to-day only, per yard........... OOC
* !^£S_? < ? f c / ft ; Wednesday Special in i
•*_ Tumblers, 5 inches. , /-' =\ ■■' "■■■"'* '•_"■'' '■**■"-" _r_»'"-'
7* high, regular price 85c. / LattlCS SitOCS.
* dozen, special . price _ /i .^^\ -.;,„ - t _ 7 i - "*** ■
♦>^V^jw„'<iw:Ly''if #5 : ' :^V^'- 7:: .The;: picture ■; shows the _„ r 1
for to-day only, each. Jt- 's =^s/\ .. , «„f ■•■'•• i. 1. ■■ - - j•: j°l- '••/-
-»c-;„ imitationcut glsss' *" ~^Y^£—^ style of an excellent shoe made jo°- /
_ rine imitation cut _"r_s**_|ir?z"j| 2£S^ y I lcl > ,d y '^/% /
* ■_#->.'__-. ____«_>___ -Kti tfSfSr?3 — of fine quality V ici Kid with /„/ /
•*illustration,:regu!arfee- KSJi^ diamond - shaped patent ;S^l - -
* illustration 1 regu ar price »»>33--a--, leather tips and sewed V*»S // >^i
A special for to- 0 _ .SSti ': i flexible' soles-the heels: 'K«\\v//
Jdavonly. 35c -^S-tl : , are of the Louis XV pat- iffl¥)M'.
fiy..- English shades Glass ' ' -^ri'-a L r ! tl 0I th * Lou - s ?? pat " £*/ If%
"* Vases, 4 different de- *i^3_fL ■ ! tern the toes in the new-^ 0/^ ..
.■»■ signs. 9 inches high, pret- : - "i77y<S^ est style known ? 7 M^rJL^ :
'■'+"■'■'■■ _**■**•-_» ■-.- y ■;-..-. ',-■.,/'• "•'•• as Commits ■> ■'-'- ■■ /7^7 y XA-li
•> %°^7 shelf ornaments a perfect dress / **^
»; : \; 1 an d for table bou- shoe— prettier (^■L,**^
*-'■■ tiifr Sn ?ts - regular price ones cannot be :
J //l*V $ ' Bpeclal for t0 bought at $s— regular price here $3.50—
a //'IV day 0n1y......... yy to-day only, all sizes and widths, 7- ,_
#, //AX -= * & c at................ ..?.;...?.,... $2.65
A >1k" /ViS. Vm< ? : Bohemian cut glass "Th ■> IA/7ah'e -77
* iKj^^lk Cream Pitch- ' ' # : [ L 5. ' .
* /ffi^^^^fiL •«•* 4 inches high. Grocery Specials,
iilfflfflSl like illustration, reg- And the specials in Wines and Liquors
: A WfflJT TTO ular pnce '^special PjMi among the strongest that the big
: *'V9/ffll_Bft?'' for to-day only. i-^ ore has ever offered.
♦> xffl^JyK^ ••;••••• — •••••-• r • oOC Emporium Family Flour, made by one
■j* 25c English Victoria of the best mills in America— money
■{» y shape Milk Jugs back if yon want it guarantee, this' -^
*6 inches high, week 50-lb sack special at .......o2c
fi charming blue ;>^. .y ;_ * \ - Santa .Clara Prunes, very choice and
'-* flower, decora- ' l *?vVy / large? 5-lb boxes, regularly 60c, _ _
J tions, special . : ///7\\ Y^^V ll i™--.....; 40c
J for to-day t - WiftJ^'/Y?';! r....7 11 Eastern Sugar Cured Bacon, best qual-
T 0n1y.;.....;.-f^C i;WM:%i/,9 ym \ J I ity, 15c per lb article, this week ,y,.
J 15c Carlsbad ljf<^yS^ .. \y/.l f \* ,' [ 12^
* china fruit or Emporium Baking Powder, as good as
* Cake Royal or your money back ; 1-lb 37c __.
* Plates, 7. N^^^^r tins, this* week :... OUC
* inches in diam- -^a______&*-* Cedar Run Bourbon Whiskey, 4 years
J eter, fancy raised border, gilt edge, pink old, the $2.50 quality, this week --, . _
J flower decoration in center, special Q per gallon $2.15
for to-day only, each...........?......... 7C p ure , rich Port Wine, this week r ~ '
4 90c China j Cracker Jars, as- per gallon 52c
<f sorted shapes and decorations, spe- __ Claret, a good drinkable quality,
*cial prices for to-day 0n1y.... ?_>OC this week per gallon ".. 25c
J See the tmfsmm P^lSfe^imi U I B Tichets for
Z Free '- ' \mmlWur%3mmm\mlWM iy
J Figure fP 1^ Ooldcnftule T Q tor Sale in '
« Exhibit. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICAS GRANDEST STORE Rotund 7. yy
UNITARIANS SOLVE
A HARD PROBLEM
AN IMMENSE CROWD AT THE
y-i/ : - ANNUAL MEETING.
A Banquet -arid Musicale Are Suc
cessful When Other Means
7 ( Failed. ' '
Oakland Office Sari Francisco Call,
90$ Broadway, Feb. 14.
• "I am so dazed that I hardly know
whether I am awake or asleep when I
look around and cannot see a vacant
Chair. It seems to me that I have solved
the problem of having a well-filled
church on Sundays. Have the morning
service followed by a dinner and a full
attendance will he ' assured."— Rev. Dr.
Sunderland at the annual meeting of the
First Unitarian Church. .... . • ■
Colonel John P. Irish presided over the
largest attendance that? has ever met at
the Unitarian church on the occasion of
its annual meeting. The colonel was mas
: ter of ceremonies and for the..,first time,
the routine of .business -..was? relieved by
a banquet and musical programme. Three
hundred invitations were . issued and
three hundred people sat down to dinner.
It was this unique incident that caused
the pastor to make the remark Just
quoted. y yy ?y ..;:>:- .... ■..'■:■
. From the reports made it is seen that
the. many branches of church work are
all flourishing.: George S.Evans for the
Sunday-school, Mrs. ('. H. Redington for
the Woman's Auxiliary, Judge: J. W. Stet
son for the Unity Club, Mrs, R. P. Glea
•soriyfor;. the Starr King Fraternity, all
presented facts which were very gratify
ing to the large audience.
The • following board of: trustees was
elected: Mrs, W. G. Tripp, Mrs. C. *' H.
Redington. John P. Irish, J. A. Bliss
Hugh Hamilton, David Bush, John Russ,
J. W. Stetson, Francis Cutting,. A. W.
Burreli and A. H. Elliot.
There was some speech-making • and
among the speakers were Mrs. Sunder
land, : George Meredith, • Mrs. George W.
Bunnell, Warren Olney and Colonel Irish.
Letters were read from Dr. C. W. Wendte
and - Rev. ?T. C. I Williams, former pastor
of the church.
MRS. REGAN IS HELD?
The argument of counsel in the case of
Mrs. Elizabeth Regan,, charged with the
murder of Policeman Kennedy, engaged
the. attention of? Judge.- Graham .almost
the whole of yesterday, and' after pa
tiently, listening to both sides" the Judge
held the defendant to . answer, before the
Superior Court, as he thought it had been
shown that a crime had been 'committed.
Mrs. Regan did not show the slightest
emotion at the decision of the Judge.
.Her attorney, James. Long, asked that
she be admitted to bail; as there was. in
his opinion, nothing to show that she had
not' acted in " self-defense. " The Judge
said he would consider- the matter and
give his decision this morning.
: . DIED. .•";•■'. y ••'?:?•
MeCAI-L— In , this city. February 15. 1898.
Thomas Francis, beloved and only son of
George A. and Margaret J.'- McCall, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 year 8 months and
10 days. ■ y;y-.\y-y-:.-r>y
56
?3b* 4_3^«((»I1
i ______
WEDNESDAY, . . '. yXJi . ? . FEBRUARY 15, 1899
JOHN. D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
m " -\ .- '" Telephone -.fain 18.8. ' * , * ' •
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IS7_, .- : ■//'•,; ?. 7
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER. WEEK.'
. .-■ ■'•-" ■'.-'', Blrgle Copies. 5 cents : 7 ."■ •
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL... (Including Sunday Call), one year ','.. .50.00
DAILT. CALL (Including Sunday -Call), 6 m0nth5....;..... 3.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday Call). 8 m0nth5....'..;..' 1.50::
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ........;.. ....i. .;...... 650 ,
SUNDAY CALL one year ...:.....'.- 1.50 '
WEEKLY - CALJ^ one year...........;?...., . 1.00 : ':
• All postmasters are authorized to receive subscription-. ; "
.ample copies will be forwarded when requested. .
OAKLAND OFFICE..^????,.-? ..... ......7.-908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
7 DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative. .'._
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE- ....... Rlt_.s Hous.
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE ; : ?:.V..v^.' ?.'-'V?... ; >^ Marquette Building
. C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative. V.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open. ''until 9:20 o'clocK-7 387 Hayes street, open until
- 830 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clocK. 1 615 LarKln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock
*-.' 1941 Mission street, ''Open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 MarKet
. street, corner 7 Sixteenth, open until 9 : o'clocK? 2518
Mission . street, open until 9i 0'c10ck,.? '.1.06 Eleventh;
• street, open uijtll: 9. O'clocK;.. 1505 PolK street, open
until 9.30 o'clocK/ NW. corner Twenty-second ana
KenlucKy streets.open. until 9 o'clock- .
y? ;-.ftMU''/cM:t'ftT<_-? ; -
Columbia— Hamlet??,. ;-'■" .- • ."'"'. y :.t
California— "Black Patti Troubadours." • :?•'
Alcazar— A -''Gold Mine.'*
• Tivoli— •'Madeleine, or the •> Magic- Kiss." -.? .
%* Orpheum — Vaudeville. ."".'• 7 : ;/ '/■'.. '■' '-. !-'•- '
.Comedy— VSplder. and Fly ." ;..?•? ■■■■':■/■■'■„ •'•'>■'• ■': /■//■■■:■■ .?.-.;' '■■... :
i. Mechanics' Pavilion— Six-day Cycle Race to-night, '■ . -'
Chutes and Zoo— l'ianka. the "Lady of Lions'
Olympla - Corner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase
• Ingleside Race 'Track— Rapes. to-day. ? ; ,' '..-. '-. ••'.'.-. ?■■■'.' ■■:
AN EXTRA SESSION NEEDED.
WHEN the House of Representatives broke all
records by the amount of work It accomplished
. last December before adjourning, for the holi
days, there was a widespread belief that the same de
cree of energy would be .continued throughout the
session, and that when Congress adjourned it;. would
have so effectually dealt with all. measures of 7 press-'
ing importance that an extra session of the iricom
mg Congress would be unnecessary.
That belief was never shared by. The Call, and in
spite of the prevailing opinion, to the contrary, •-.- it
maintained the outlook. was by no means so promis
ing as appeared. ; We' directed attention to the
fact that the Senate had broken no record in the way
of legislation and that the action of the House had
no other effect than that of sending to the Senate
a little earlier than usual one or two appropriation
bills and had not really advanced legislation to an
appreciable extent.
That this view was correct is now evident to all.
Late reports from Washington are to the effect that
Congress is so far behind in its? work it will hardly
be able to pass the routine bills before the time comes
for adjournment. There is no .\y; very little hope of the
passage of the Nicaragua canal bill, the shipping bill,
the currency reform bill, the army reorganization bill,
the Hawaiian bill, or even , the navy personnel bill.
That being so it is clear there ought to be; an extra
session of Congress. In fact, it is! one of the defects
of our system of government that a Congress elected
in November of one year should not assemble to carry
out the will of the people until the December of the
year following. Last fall the people elected, a Con
gress of sound-money men, and chose legislators in
States" where Senatorial contests were, pending who
would elect. sound-money Senators. Thus they as
sured to. the McKinley administration: the support of
a Congress that can be counted on to carry out its
policies, and yet under our precedents that Congress
will not assemble and get down to business for nearly
a year to come.
• If, as now- seems likely, the present Congress ex
pires by limitation of term before it has time to deal
with such measures as those enumerated, an extra
session will be imperative. Many of the issues at
stake are too pressing to be kept waiting. The Presi
dent served the country well by promptly calling this
Congress in extra session to revise the tariff and pro
tect the industries of the country, and he will serve it
well again by calling the incoming Congress together
with equal .promptness to enact other measures not
less important than the tariff.
NOT HAPPY IN JAIL.
TWO of the cleverest rogues ever operating in
this, .vicinity were lately convicted and sen
tenced to San Quentin for fifteen months. One
was a professional swindler and ex-convict v named
Bain, and the other a woman who had several names,
but for general use preferred that of Allison. These
two unworthies conducted a marriage bureau, the
woman being the bait and the man adroitly propelling
selected victims in the direction of the trap.
.Bain's strong point seems to be his nerve. He has
written a letter begging pardon for his partner,
basing it on the remarkable ground that jail life is
not to her liking, that the surroundings are such as
she has not been accustomed to, and that she lacks
adaptability to the new conditions. In other words,
she would rather prowl about seeking whose sub
stance she might devour, finding here a sealskin coat,
there a basket of champagne, and over yonder a lot
of jewelry, in each instance accompanied by a sucker
* to foot the bills.
Perhaps there is no necessity for stating that the
proper receptacle for this document is a waste
basket. The pair got off lightly as it was, and
whether or not they enjoy incarceration is a matter
absolutely of no consequence. If every criminal,
after sniffing the atmosphere of jail, were to have the
privilege of declining to breathe it, there would be
comparatively little use for jails. The pair under con
sideration are no better than other criminals —
they are far worse than the majority.
In Colorado Springs recently the mercury fell 35
degrees in half an hour. The Coloradans could well
have exclaimed, "What a fall was there, my country
men," only they were too busy keeping from freezing
to think about it.
Joseph Cordes need not expect any sympathy for
having, been sent to jail, his offense being the hug
ging of a girl who objected. There are enough girls
who do not object.
B 'acific liners are getting so - big that one might
Pacific liners are getting so big that one might
reasonably think the builders intended to place a few
of them end to end and bridge the briny.
— — - ■*»
There is no case on record in which civility to a
reporter costs anything, and often it has been a good
investment
OUR TRADE AND OUR EXPOSITION.
LORD BERESFORD has : expressed in a
. striking phrase the. mutual . relations of the
• United States and the Pacific Ocean. ■ It •" is
"America's ocean," he said. The statement has the
double merit of being at once a definition and? : a
prophecy. It states a geographical fact . : , of the
present and intimates ; the coming of. a time when tx
panding commerce shall make that ; : fact the most
potent of the great world. of trade. .
" Since it is to-be our ocean, the scene of our lar
gest commercial activities, it behooves us to begin
the vast enterprise of exploiting it. An important
step-in that direction . will . be the opening of the
pacific Ocean Exposition, which is now under con
sideration. By an exhibition carried out on the scale
proposed we shall attract to our city .the attention of
: the commercial world. and hasten the coming of the
time when San Francisco will be the. recognized
metropolis of. the Pacific, the sails of our ships
whiten the whole vast expanse of waters from China
to Australasia. /,
In speaking . of the : ' proposed y enterprise Lord
Beresford said: ''Such art exposition would certainly
be a grand thing for San Francisco. Everything of
that kind does great, good, because it brings large
bodies of the best kind of people; together, attracts
■World-wide attention to the place where the exposi
tion is being held, creates argument and discussion
along desirable 'lines,: and is of a .-educational
value from a commercial standpoint
Of course. in all this our. distinguished visitor has
told us nothing new. His words have a value, how
ever, because they are the utterances of id sagacious,
earnest man, who has been for some time almost
wholly occupied in studying the trade conditions of
the Pacific and considering how they can be best
made to serve the interests •of peace, commerce and
civilization. They are, therefore, most opportune at
this time, since they serve to remind us how much we.
have at stake in the Pacific and how; Aye can profit by
the advantage our situation gives.
The amount of money required to carry out ian ex
position on a scale of sufficient magnitude to provide
a comprehensive display of the trade possibilities- of
the Pacific will be large : as a matter of course, ibut
it will be slight -in comparison with the vast benefits
that are sure to flow from it.
An exposition: is, in fact, almost an . imperative
necessity of the time. We are soon to have a law
providing for the upbuilding of ' our American mer
chant marine, and with that will come a rapid ex
pansion of our shipping- ; At the same time the de
velopment of the Oriental trade. will proceed rapidly?
Many American cities will contest for that com
merce. If San Francisco is to hold her place as the
metropolis of that trade she must act with the energy
of a metropolis and make her advantages known.
That can be better accomplished by .an exposition
than in any other way. The Pacific Ocean is ours, as
Lord Beresford says, but unless we cultivate it with
enterprise we shall .not : profit much by : the. owner-,
ship. ?'••■'-•■. " ~ " " ■ ?>•'.? ": •i. '■■■■ •
CALIFORNIA AS AN IMPERIAL
COLONY.
IT -is startling for .American citizens, yin : thirty-two
States of this Union, to be informed that they are
: . only living under the constitution through the
grace and favor of Congress. But .that in substance
is exactly what they have been told by Professor Jud
son of the Chicago University in : an elaborate argu
ment, i* stolen by some of the expansion papers, .to
which The Call has already. alluded. He distinctly
argues that the term "United States of America,"
fiom: the establishment of the Government, has meant ?
only the States that are admitted and united, and
that, ; except as to . certain personal rights; it does? not
include and never has included, territorial acquisitions, :
In plain words, he asserts that the interpretation of
the constitution is "progressive and. flexible," arid ;
that the uniform development into States of territory
heretofore .«■ acquired resulted ; -merely from ''policy"
and not from "constitutional necessity/ It follows,
&nd indeed is admitted by Professor Judson, that the
thirteen original States formed the Union, and that
every, foot of territory beyond their limits, without
any violation of the constitution, might have been
governed by Congress as imperial colonies or in any
form it might have chosen to adopt! ';:"'
The niceties of constitutional interpretation are be
yond the range of discussion in the daily press. But
there are a few broad views of the constitution that
are as intelligible to the average reader as to the
ablest lawyer. We have repeatedly said that there
has been literally no argument in favor of the reten
tion of the Philippines thai merits serious considera
tion. Whenever such an argument is attempted it
carries on its face the evidence that it is the ebul
lition of a crank or the sophistry of a paid advocate.
A very striking illustration of this fact is supplied by
the paper of Professor Judson, above mentioned. In
respect to all territory he holds that, while allegiance
from its inhabitants may be exacted and enforced,
citizenship is a privilege that may or may not be con
ferred. This is a startling doctrine to be proclaimed
in the .teeth of the leading constitutional writers and
statesmen of the country, of the terms. of the ces
sion of the" Northwestern Territory, of treaties with
Spain, with France and With Mexico, and of the uni
form-practice of the Government. To the average
American citizen, educated in the common schools
and accustomed to Washington's Farewell Address,
to- the Declaration of Independence, to the celebra
tion of our national anniversary and to centennial
revivifications of the spirits of our revolutionary
ancestors, it is profoundly dangerous to be informed
that allegiance and citizenship are not correlative, and
that the right of representation was practically lim
ited to the original thirteen States. For, we repeat,
that if the assertions of Professor Judson and the
entire group of expansionists and imperialists are
true, thirty-two out of the forty-five States, without
any violation of the constitution but in strict accord
ance with its terms, might now have been enjoying
I the inestimable advantages of imperialism under 'the
supervision of Congress.? If the views of the expan
sionists in relation to the Philippines are now cor
rect, they were equally correct when the North
western Territory, when Florida and Louisiana,. when
the entire body of territory from the Eastern border
to the Pacific Ocean, was acquired, and if California
has become a member, of an indissoluble Union it
obtained that position not under the constitution? but
through the deference and courtesy of Congress in
1850.
If the thirteen colonies, when they declared free
dom/equality before the law and the right of self
taxation to be inalienable, were self-deluded, and
Great Britain was then only exercising the identical
authority that 'Congress has since uniformly pos
sessed, the signers of the Declaration of Indepen
dence perpetrated a fraud upon mankind, our Revolu
tionary War was a bloody and protracted sham, our
constitution was a ' temporary political device, and
our Union was and is a rope of sand. On these as
sumptions, and on" them only, Professor -Judson and
the half-fledged brood of expansionists are right. We
think, however, that the American people still be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1899.
lieve in the natural development and spread of Ameri
can institutions under _ the constitution, and that
Washington, Jefferson, Adams, Hancock and the en
tire fraternity : of American statesmen have not yet
been relegated to the ranks of- enthusiasts or im
postors.?.?
LORD BERESFORD.
THIS English gentleman, Admiral, and Anglo-
Saxon cousin of ours, has been fitly welcomed in
San Francisco, and has talked of his errand to
Asia and America. • -
■;'■' The officers of the British navy are also diplomats
in their ability to disclose meaning between the lines,
and this genial sailor is no tyro in the art. ■?
His mission appeals strongly to our commercial in
stinct and is' conveyed in terms that . flatter our local
pride. It is a' pleasant picture thrown upon the can
vas — the trade' of Asia, that made Wisby, Venice,
Genoa and London? in turn, now to be. the greatest
commerce in . the world, and " San Francisco i and
Hongkong to be made by it the greatest seaports in
the. world, provided we. join England, Germany and
japan to oppose ''Adam Zad, the bear that walks like
a man."- 7. • - '••..■■ y.\ .
France is in Tonquin, Russia is in Manchuria,
japan is conquesting Formosa, which was part of her
indemnity from China, and Adam Zad is ranging over
the Korean Peninsula. . The Franco-rßussian alliance
puts the two nations on either side of Hongkong,
which is English territory. Germany is at Kiaochau.
All the allies are present, and we are seeking to found :
Christian civilization in the Philippines for commer
cial purposes. We never interfered in the balance
of power in Europe. We tipped it neither up nor
down. ; But suddenly it is developed that the contest
for a balance is transferred to Asia, and we are asked
to jump into the. scale with England, Germany and
Japan.
Now, each of these nations has conquests there, or
possessions acquired when their rightful owners were
busy about something-else.. If Russia and France
force a partition of China, the. trans-Siberian railway
will have a terminus on . Russian territory on . Lao
Tpng or Pechili, and France will lie across the
route of the British rail A*ay over Bur man. to Hong-.
kong. The : Mediterranean •; is an • English .lake,
■ guarded by Gibraltar, Malta arid her posts . that can
wigwag each other all the way across to her canal
that cuts Suez* and then from Aden to the Hindostari
peninsula land and water, are hers clean to Mandalay.
It is a laudable ambition to connect hither and
farther India by a railway system across China to
Hongkong and thence by steamer to Victoria and rail
across the Dominion, giving. England an all rail and
water route* around the planet, and but little of it out
cf sight of her flag. y. .'• : .
We showed the world how to build railways over
deserts arid mountains, and were the first to connect
the great oceans across the continent. In these
grand schemes of Adam Zad and Great Britain we
look on with, the interest of a pioneer in great con
struction and daring engineering. But it is by means
to be admitted that we have profit in the part of a
makeweight in this contest over a European balance
in Asia, especially as our part in it requires of us to
conquest and permanently retain the Philippines.
Admiral Beresford has flattered us with the statistics
of our trade in Asia, but when we compare our world
trade and its increase With that of the nations which
are burdened with a colonial system and its attendant
military arid naval establishments, we are impressed
that we have been constantly gaining, while the na
tions with colonies and conquests, including Adam
Zad, have been as constantly losing. The lesson
seems to be that nations do not carry on business and
war successfully at the same time,?
In his enthusiastic reception speech to our genial
guest the vice-president of our Chamber of Commerce
declared that the navy was the pioneer of commerce,
which goes where the navy clears the way. That is a
proper nautical sentiment to be uttered in the pres
ence of a British Rear Admiral and American Com
modore and other grizzled tars, but a glance at our
trade .statistics shows that our best commerce in
volume and profit— indeed.^. per cent of all our for
eign trade— is where our navy never fifed a hostile
shot or appeared except at the innocuous social func
tion, or cleared the way for anything except the next
course, at a complimentary dinner.
7 Perhaps the reluctance of Spaniards to fight as
allies of the Filipinos is due to more than one rea
son. In the first place they know fighting against
the Americans to lack almost all the essential
elements of the successful picnic, and anyhow they
have had their fill of fighting for wages which never
come.
Just how Alger would keep soldiers in service for
a longer time than the terms of their enlistment stipu
lated remains to be seen. Probably the statement
ascribed to him might be termed a diplomatic bluff,
except that it is lacking in diplomacy.
At last the teachers have the pleasure of spending
a little of the money the city has been owing them,
but they must have the balance to the last penny.
San Francisco ■ does not approve of "any scheme of
robbery.
•
A stage robber recently pleaded insanity, but as the
only ground for the plea was the implied belief that a
jury could be befooled into accepting it, he would
better have pleaded something else— for instance,
guilty.
Insinuations that Milton Green is playing sick are
groundless and unfair. He was not well when he
went to Sacramento, and his experience there would
have shattered a more robust constitution.
- »
An evening paper announces that millions of
bushels of coal oil are in danger. With all possible
sympathy for the oil, it must be remarked that this is
a new way of measuring it. ,
• • -.
The Filipinos who opposed with bows and arrows
the advance of the American troops have gone back
to their native hills convinced that Aguinaldo gave
them a gold brick. .
» — . ■ ".--.- - ♦
With Senators Bettman and Leavitt ion the com
mittee to which has been referred the subject ; of re
stricting horse-racing the so-called sport not in any
particular danger.
Owing to the prevailing storm the Senate of <■ the
United States was recently opened without prayer.
Nevertheless, it seemed to do no worse than usual.
•-
Andree seems to have * demonstrated ..' -that an
Arctic enthusiast in a balloon is just as good an in
surance risk as when he travels by boat. ?• ;'-y
- " ■ ' '"• "?~ *. ' ' . • 7/y:'7:Y'y 0 '
? English papers state the hope that America's colo
nial policy is not to be tinged with politics. It won't
be merely tinged; it will be all politics.
■'-■'* * .' ■- '~yy
It is cheering to note that the suffering poor in the
frozen East are being cared for kindly as fast as they
can be dug from the drifts and thawed. *
♦
Eagan expresses a desire to enjoy complete seclu- |
sion, and no objection seems to be interposed *
BANK COMMISSION REFORM.
".'. "■ : PART IL '
Editor Call ? Had the suggestions of
the first Board of Bank Commissioners
in its report of January, 18S0, to the
Legislature been adopted the People s
Home Savings Bank, Fresno, Loan and
Savings Bank : and Union Savings Bank
of San: Jose would never have come into
existence and hundreds of deluded and
defrauded depositors would have been
saved from ruin and misery.
; An important j part- of that report
reads as follows:
SHOULD SAVINGS BANKS DO A COM
? •-.- MERCIAL BUSINESS? .
• The experience of the past eighteen
months has demonstrated to us the im
propriety: of savings banks being permit
ted- also to do. a commercial business.
In no quarter have we met so many em
barrassing questions as in matters con
nected with the savings banks which were
so doing. The present laws provide that
savings banks having a paid up capital,
of reserve and capital combined, of three
hundred thousand .dollars ($300,000) . may
make loans on personal security, buy and
sell exchange, etc.; in other words, fulfill
the functions of a bank of discount (with
the limitation created by the bank com
missioners' act,: requiring 50 . per cent of
their loans to be thereafter on real es
tate). - . "-. : "■ ■■
'■ The first reports sent to us (In July,
1878) and : our earlier examinations re
vealed to , us the fact that many of the
savings banks were ignorant of or Indifer
ent to the-. restriction'.' placed by law: upon
their actions.
•y After enumerating six savings banks
which had "come to grief" .from doing
this dual business the Commissioners
continue: '■?■??. ? ? ??.?■•
? The Capital Savings Bank (Sacrament
to), which went 7 into ■; liquidation .a: few
days ago (January 2), is another and the
last instance of the utter Incompatibility
between these two radically distinct
Classes ;. of banking and is the seventh
example of the practical want of success
of such unhealthy "unions." When we
first: examined ,the last- named bank in
November, 1878, we had to "write off"
over two hundred thousand dollars' (near
ly its whole reserve fund) on account of
losses which, We believe, were: principally
incurred in Its commercial business. Does
hot this, record of eighteen months prove
that the functions of a savings and of a
commercial bank are so distinct and un
congenial i that they ought never to be
united in one. corporation? The matter
is so self-evident that it seems almost
superfluous to discuss It, but we shall add
ourselves and quote some additional rea
sons in support of our view. No? one can
dispute the fact that • the qualifications
required to make a-, successful savings
bank manager are entirely different. from
those which should belong to the manager
of a commercial bank and are seldom, if
ever, united In one person. Among writ
ers on banks and banking laws the opin
ion is almost uniform that savings banks
and banks of discount should not even
be allowed to locate in the same building,
when they are both managed by the same
officers . to
*' ••' .*.'..' . ;*•-. '•'■ ' *'•'.-: '*-.',' ••*: • ' • ,-' '
For the . foregoing reasons we have no
hesitation in recommending that no sav
ings, bank not now engaged in the prac
tice of so doing should be allowed here
after to make loans: on personal security
or to transact, any business, which is
properly the province of a bank of dis
count, and that those" institutions which
are so doing, in accordance with.the laws
at present in force, should be required, on
or beforo the Ist of January, 1582, to. elect
which busihess they will pursue; and to
discontinue the Other,
In their report of the following year
(1881) the Commissioners ! repeat this
and other suggestions to the Legis
lature in these words:
Repeal the law allowing savings banks
with a paid up capital, or : paid up capital
and reserve combined,: of $300,000, to make
loans without "adequate security on real
or personal property.-' . (The object of this
Is to prevent any savings bank hereafter
organized, or which is hot at present so
doing, making loans on personal security,
which, is properly the province of com
.'mercial banks.) :.- ■ '.'
. Require all banks hereafter to have an
appraisement in writing, signed- by at
least one competent person, of each piece
of real estate mortgaged .to them, and
said valuation, to ; be kept on file. , ■■;••
■ : Prohibit any diminution or division of
the reserve fund of. any savings bank (ex
cept to offset losses or depreciation in the
value of assets), until the paid up capital
and reserve together or the reserve fund :
alone, if the bank is on the mutual plan,
shall exceed 10 per cent of the liability to
depositors, and then, only to the extent of
such excess. •
These suggestions fell upon deaf ears.:
The dominant party just then was too
busy : trying '-'to. legislate the Commis
sioners out. of office (the effort failing
by only one. vote in the Assembly) and
was more interested in providing places
for three of the new- Governor's politi
cal friends than safeguards for hun
dreds of bank depositors! It is this
sort of thing which has ' impaired the
value of the Bank Commission from the
beginning. y; •'.•.' ?7 ,-???. '..'
The first amendment to the bank
commission act was made after it had
been. in operation nine years and then
began the decadence of the commission.
By this amendment the salary of the
Commissioners was raised from. $3000
to $3600 per ,year each, which was
proper enough if a little "joker" had
not been inserted which reads: "No
person while holding any other office
or engaged in business of any kind re
quiring his personal attention between
the hours of 9 a. m. and 4 p. m. shall
serve as Bank Commissioner." To be
eligible for this office since then one
must be a failure or a . do-nothing.
These qualifications (?) seem to have
been mostly confined to residents of
country towns, as San Francisco hasn't
furnished a member of the • board for
some years. If executive ability instead
of executive friendship, had been the
test of its members the commission
would have done better service. >
The Bank Commission has at present
the supervision of ; 233 active banking
institutions and twenty banks in liqui
dation, with some $300,000,000 of re
sources. " ' ' ''■ ';' ■■:•;■ y/ . "
Three men cannot examine all these
banks thoroughly once a year In ad
dition to supervising the affairs of
twenty liquidating banks. My plan for
better work at small additional expense
is to add two members to the present
board, reducing the salaries of the
Commissioners to $3000 per year each
(as originally). Let the secretary's
salary remain at ; $2400 per year, but
limit the total amount of traveling ex-'
penses, office rent, stationery, printing,
etc.? to $4400 per annum as -at present,
j this to Include the printing of the an
| nual reports heretofore done by the
State printing office at enormous ex-,
pense to the State.
I learn from official sources that the
Bank Commissioners' report for '95 cost
$3186 45, and that " for '96, $2422 90. -7
The former ' (800 volumes) cost $3 98
and the latter (1000) $2 42 per volume.
The total yearly expenses of the com
mission since 1895 have been $17,600, di
vided as follows:
Three Commissioners at $3000 ....'.". .SIO,BOO
Secretary • 2,400
Traveling fund..,. 3,000
Rent, stationery, etc., etc 1,400
Total '...' '. .......$17,600
If my suggestions are adopted the an
nual expenses will be $21,800, divided
as follows:
Five Commissioners at $3000 $15,000
Secretary 2,400
j Traveling fund................;......... 2,000
I Rent, stationery, printing,? etc 2,400
Total ........... $21,800
: The saving to the State on the print
! ing of reports, etc., is "about $3000 per
year, and the additional expense to the
banks ($4200) will not be felt when
levied on their resources instead of
their deposits. The assessment for the
current year (July, '98-99) was 8% cents
on each. $1000 of deposits. Under the
new system (with two additional Com
missioners,- etc.) it will be less than 8
i cents on each" $1000 of resources.
I Many of the best mortgages of the
Union Savings Bank of San Jose seem
ito have been hypothecated • to other
banks, which made it easier to deceive
the Bank Commissioners as to the true
condition of the bank. ■?" "'■'•,.'•
■'■' Banks know when other banks are
"shaky" long before the public and are
rarely sufferers when the final crash
comes. To prevent banks having this
big advantage over other creditors and
to assist the Bank Commissioners in
discovering what is generally the first
symptom of a bank's weakness— the.
hypothecation of its securities— the fol
lowing amendment concerning savings
banks is suggested: . .'-'-'.
--"No assignment made by any savings
bank to any other corporation or per
son of any mortgage or deed of trust
of real estate held by it shall be valid
unless the same is recorded in the of
fice of the County Recorder of the
county in which the mortgaged prop
erty is situated 'arid a? certified copy of
such assignment as recorded filed in the
offlce of said Bank Commissioners."
And I am, while not positive, much
inclined to the opinion that a restric
tion something like this should be added
to the above: "Notice of the hypothe
cation or assignment: of any of its se
curities by ariy banking corporation or
ganized under the laws of this State to
another corporation or person shall be
filed with the Bank Commissioners
within twenty-four hours thereafter."
.7: The following is a recapitulation, of
the amendments suggested herein, to be
added .to or inserted in the ' following
sections:
Sec! 1. On or before the first day.of July,
A. D. eighten hundred and ninety-nine,
the Governor shall appoint two additional
persons as Bank Commissioners, making
the entire Board of -Bank Commissioners
five, whose duties and powers shall be
as prescribed in this act.
; Sec. 8. No assignment made by any sav
ings bank - .to . any? other • corporation or
person of any mortgage or deed or trust
of real estate held: by it i shall he valid;
unless the same is recorded in the office |
Of the County Recorder of the county in ;
which the mortgaged, property is situated, ,
and a certified copy of such assignment j
as recorded filed in the oflice of said Bank j
Commissioners. . .'- • ■ ■■■■'
Sec. 12 (to read as follows) Each of the
five Bank Commissioners shall receive a
salary of three thousand . dollars per an
num, and necessary traveling expenses,
not to exceed, for the five Commissioners,
the sum of two thousand dollars per an
num, to be audited by the State Controller
arid paid by the State Treasurer in the
same manner as the salaries and expenses
of other State officers. . _? -yy
Sec 14 (to read as follows) The Bank
Commissioners shall have power to ap
point a secretary at a salary of two hun
dred dollars per month. The said Com
missioners shall keep their office open for
business from nine o'clock a. m. until
four o'clock p. m. every day, except non
judicial days.. All expenditures author
ized in this section shall be audited and
paid in the same manner as the salary of
the Commissioners. They shall receive
for offlce rent, stationery, printing and all
other, expenditures necessary for the
transaction of their duties a sum not to
exceed in the aggregate $2400 per annum,
which sum shall include the cost of print
ing their annual reports. -. ,_.».
Sec. 16. To pay the salaries and all other
necessary expenses of the Commissioners,
as provided for by this act. every corpo
ration receiving a license shall pay annu
ally, in advance, to the Commissioners,
in gold coin, its share of the amount re
quired to pay such salaries and expenses;
the share to be paid by any corporation
to be determined by the proportion which
Its total resources bear to the aggregate
resources of all such corporations receiv
ing license, as shown by the latest reports
of such corporations to the Commission
ers. Yours respectfully, .„„-;,,„
ers. xv y : EVAN J. COLEMAN.
San Francisco. February 11, 1899.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
"*.*.". TV. Black, a Holllster rancher and
store-keeper, is at the Grand.
: Francis Dowd, a Monterey merchant, is
one of the arrivals -at the Lick. . 7 y :
J. S. Cotton, a mining man from Placer
ville, Is registered at the Buss. ? -
A. B. Jackson of Salinas and Frank C.
Blalsdell of Chicago are at the California.
J. M. , Farnan, who owns extensive or
■■ 16 : "•■■■ ";■•■■'■ ' ~ - $1 •
PAGESIJ— — — — 7 _"s>o<»o<s>o<e>o<S>o'"> A YEAR
PAGES! |- — 1 A YEAR
-". IP Enlarged to 16 Pages! '" |J
If Reduced to $1 a Year! il
1 i AN INNOVATION IN WESTERN JOURNALISM, I
.1 THE GREAT §
I WEEKLY [
I ViULI^L I j
CALL !
i ♦
% ....GIVES.... 9
1 ALL THE NEWS OF THE WORLD |
£ ■ TOGETHER WITH °
I Several Pages -of Fiction, §
♦ \ Stories of Every- Day Life, ♦
I Fashions and other matters. |
I ALL PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED I
t ♦
2 °•. - * .- . -s v"*v. «-■*"• -.*t- y- .-- ■- » o
J .. • ■ . ; I £
;^?-?;' 16. PAGES OF IT ?
o o
If;- AT $1.00 A YEAR 1
<-> ■ — I — 9
0 " y '• \ o
° Only Two Cents a Week— You Can't |
1 Afford to Miss It. There are no |
.% lottery schemes nor side fakes at- ?
|§ tached to THE WEEKLY CALL. It's I
o a straight business proposition. §
o ♦
♦ £
§ /O, PACES A WEEK I
o AT SI.OO A YEAR! !
\ SEND FOR SAMPLE COPY j
|ll And See What a Great Paper You §
II . Can Get for Two Cents a Week! o
16 ; . I tr~
r , nrrT ♦o»o»o»o*o*»o»o»o»o»o»o»o» o»o.n„ nAn _... .vl.
PAGES I I / ■— - A YEAR
ange groves in Oroville, is at the Russ
with his mother.
John A. Mclntire, a Sacramento mining
man, is one of the arrivals at the Grand..:
James Touhey, the well-known stock
raiser of Sacramento, is located at the
Grand.
: j**-' S Merchant? a Sonoma business
man, is registered at the California with
his son. 7 : -7'-7y-''-, : ?'-?.7'-v..:
: J.. Nestor Ortiz, a prominent citizen of
Ortiz, Colo., is at the Occidental accom
panied by his wife.
H. H. Pritcher, a Livermore banker, •-.
who came here to attend the Mardl Graa
ball, is at the Palace. .. ?•_ _.
Dr. F. Zlegfeld, president of the Chi
cago Musical College, is at the Palace
with his wife and daughter. .
J. A. Sayward of Victoria, B. C., -is. reg
istered at the Occidental, and is accom r
panied by his wife and child. .
George W. Bentley and wife of Boston
and John Wolf the Los Angeles cap
italist, are guests at the Grand. -■..-.
R. A. Boggiss, owner of the Abbott
quicksilver mine at Sulphur Creek, will be
at the Occidental for a few days.
Arthur B. Fenwick and wife of Fort
Steele, 8.C., have taken apartments at
the California, and. will shortly make a
tour of the State.. "■ ■7 — y
General- Manager A. L. Mohler of the
Oregon Railway and 'Navigation Com
pany ' arrived from Portland last. night
and is now at .the Palace. _ :
N P Boss, of Mexico City and his
daughter. Miss Helen W. Boss, who have
been making a- protracted European trip,
have engaged apartments at the Palace.
General Western Passenger Agent W.
B. Jerome and Pacific Coast Agent C. C.
Crane, of the New York Central lines, re
turned from the Sound yesterday and will
go to Southern California this evening.
George B. Bobbins, 7 manager? of Ar
mour's railroad, lines? is registered at
the Palace from Chicago. He is interested
in the Fruit-growers' Express, and will
go south to make contracts for the haul
ing of oranges to Eastern points. :, '/y/y/
• W. A? Rodgers, a mining man of Ame
lia, Kern County; W. L. Spaulding. a
Truckee lumber merchant: M. J. Burke,
a business man of Salinas, and Thomas
J. Kirk of Sacramento, State Superin
tendent of Public Instruction, are all reg
istered at the Lick.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14— F. J. Carolan
and wife of San Francisco are at th«j
Holland; Reginald White of San Fran
cisco is at the Hoffman.
CaL glace fruit &C ! c per lb at Townsends."-
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen , 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"Demartini's Nemesis.
Gladys Matheney, the Nemesis of Victor
Demartlni, the Italian interpreter, ap
peared in Judge Graham's court yester
day to answer a charge of vagrancy.
Her attorney demanded a jury trial and
the case was set for Friday. February
24 She has been carrying a. bottle .-of
vitriol to throw in Demartini's face, y
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggist* in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 2ac a bottle.
HOTEL DEL ADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only *60 by
steamship, including fifteen dayß' board at
hotel: longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
SICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY AND
permanently cured by using Moki Tea. .A
pleasant herb drink. Cures constipation and
Indigestion, makes you eat, sleep, work and
happy. Satisfaction guaranteed or money
back. At Owl Drug Co.SIX=DAY CYCLERS LOWER
LONGDISTANCE RECORDS
Pierce Rides Four Hundred
and SixtHFour Miles in
Twenty=Four Hours.
Ashinger, the Timer, Never
Left the Saddle ia All
That Time.
"'urns Pierce and Charles Ashinger
were the heroes of the first day in the
six-! bicycle race now in progress at
Mechanics' Pavilion. After twenty-four
hours the former had ridden seven and
a quarter miles farther than the previous
record for that length of time, which
was established by himself in the recent
race at Madison Square Garden, New
York.
Ashinger never left the saddle of his
bicycle in all those dredry hours, while
Pierce was oft but one minute, and this
was the result of an accident. Shortly
Incidental to the
r<fter 8 o'clock last night he collided with
John Lawson and both went down.
Pierce was up in an instant and was as
sisted on one of his spare machines.
"When his competitors heard the smash
they rede like mad and gained two laps
on him. Ashinger remained on his wheel
until 11:15 p. m., having then ridden
twenty-four hours and twenty-one min
utes without a dismount, covering* in that
time 4C9 miles and 7 laps. eiimm and
Miller also exceeded Pierces former rec
ord. Gimm covering 1591. miles and Miller
io^'s miles.
Throughout the day the big crowd of
riders kept up a steady grind that aver
aged twenty miles an hour. Many spec
tators who witnessed tiie start on Mon
day..-night -remained until ■ daylight
Mvcamea In through the windows. There
was a continuous stream of visitors
throughout ihe day and all seemed to
lave favorites whom they cheered on
.;•:;■ way.
In the evening the spectators, the mu
sic and the lights spurred the riders to
greater efforts. Julius did yeoman duty
«-.d a pacemaker, pioneering the ions
i tring of riders mile after mile at a fast
'pace. Gradually the men at the end of
the string began to lag and the leaders
soon gained one of the much coveted laps,
an eighth of a mile. The petroleum go
(art of Fournier. the clever Frenchman,
i roated the first outburst of enthusiasm
of the night. As he dashed past the plod
ding riders, Barnaby followed by Pierce,
Miller and others went after him. Barn
aby held on until he had gained two laps.
Pierce was satisfied with one. while the
others were content to watch them in
their mad dash around the track.
Mrs. Miller, the young bride of Cham
pion Miller, spent the greater part of the
twenty-four hours in the pavilion.
Dressed in red, with a big picture hat,
h-he looked well the part of a child-wife.
A square of paper was fastenened in front
of her seat so that her husband could lo
cate her readily.
The feeding of .the men interests the
f. minine spectators. They watch the
preparaiion of the food and the manner
of its consumption with eager eyes.
Frank Waller, who was the favorite
among California wheelmen, went blind
shortly before 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon and was forced to withdraw from
.tlie race He had been riding easily and
was looked upon as the most likely man
in the race. For several hours he guided
himself around the precipitous banks of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Make The Hair Grow
With warm shampoos of Cuticura Soap and light dress-
ings of Cuticura, purest of emollient skin cures? This
treatment at once stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales,
and dandruff, soothes irritated, itching surfaces, stimu-
lates the hair follicles, supplies the roots with energy and
nourishment, and makes the hair grow when all else fails.
*"*P*~ CtrnomiA Soap is not only the most effective of skin purifiers and beautifiers but
the purest and sweetest of toilet, bath, and baby soaps.
Sol 4 throughout the world. Price, CcricrttA Soap, 25c-i Ointment, We. form Derm Ain> Cm, Cobp.,
ttU/Hft, J mm, V.IA. BrtiUk depot, _\«_w_._i _*>_!, _*__-_. > wt_B-T*fie__t__i _Uir," to*
' .?4>«e&iMMfi3*rfA?ff<£3»K.*BMMn_b--T . -kt%W9tel«lidff£««kittN!«KldrtK
tl ? c k by the sense of feeling rather
nf Eeelng '. F, nally th* light faded out
i,»^i ..overstrained eyes and he was re
wn« 7 l y / ore to retire. To continue
others CoUrt disaster to himself and
Notes of the Meet.
At intervals during the running of the I
six-day race the champions in the vari
ous classes rode exhibitions, the same as
previous nights. The six-day riders were
instructed to ride in single file and hold
the inside closely. The exhibition riders
then had a clean sweep for themseives
and their tandems on the outside.
Fournier's exhibition mile was ridden
In 1:54. He came out later and paced
Michael for a miie in 1:5&. Harry Elkes
rode a mile in 1:55 1-5, and Eddie Bald a
half-mile in 56 2-5 seconds, the fastest
time of the evening.
R. P. Aylward, well known on ihe local
path as the former manager of Ziegler,
Allan Jones, Weils and other celebrities,
snJp5 n Jp of tn e referees of the six-day race,
and Isorval Robinson, the old time racing
man, the other. Each has a twelve-hour
i shift, the same as the scorers.
Wilbur F. Knapp, the popular old-time
I announcer, arrived from the East yester
day morning and was at the track in the
evening officiating in his old capacity. It
was well he came, as Announcer Dixon's
voice had just about given «out.
Some of the sprinters, having nothing
to do yesterday afternoon, went out to
: Ingleside. A certain famous short-dis
tance champion advised them to plunge
j heavily on a horse named Imperious. He
I "also ran," and the boys enjoyed a good
Six Day Bicycle Race.
bit of training walking home In conse- i
quence.
Mrs. Miller, wife of the six-day cham- i
pion, has a box at the track and Is con
stantly there, occasionally shouting words ■
of encouragement to him.
To-night short distance races will be
put on during the six-day match, the ;
long-distance men hugging the inside dur- ,
the running of them. One big event
carded is a tandem- race between -Eaton
and Goodman, Downing and Cotter.
Since MeFarland is so anxious for a i
match race with somebody, Harry Ernes i
says he will take him on for ten miles .
paced, and give him a start of two laps,
or a quarter of a mile. Or he will race .
MeFarland, Stevens, Downing and Cot- '
ter all at one time, either twenty miles or j
one hour (33 odd miles), they to relay
themselves as often as they wish, he to j
ride alone. The management will offer a
liberal purse for either event.
The feeding of the six-day men is one ;
of the interesting features of the races. '
Each man has a little kitchen of his own,
and a cook to provide over it. These are
situated on the south side of the build
ing, Inside the track. Here are prepared j
The Score at 2 A. M.
• 1 111 m *
Merce -.
lilier
teveiiK -
inhingrcr
inivii
Inrnnhy
.a "Mm
I:; li-
Libert
til inn ...............
I -i'i|i'l'lrl>
'Ilkinttun
iron-on
lannant
COXTESTAXTS.
813
nil
508
499
499
497
495
493
491
491
484
479
477
474
418
Lap*.
4
8
3
3
1
4
7 '
O
5
O
O
B
3
«
7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1899.
coffee, gruel, rice pudding and similar edi
bles, such as the men subsist upon. None
of them take any solid foods. What they
need is invigorating, easily digestible
foods In a liquid state, easily partaken of
on the fly.
Harry Corbett Is making a book on the
result of the six-day race. The odds on
the men for first place are as follows:
Miller favorite at 3 to 2; Pierce, 2 to 1;
Gimm and Ashinger each 3 to 1; Lawson
5 to 1; Hale 7 to 1; Alberts 10 to 1;
Nawn, Aaronson, Frederick and Barnaby
each 20 to 1; Stevens 25 to 1; Julius 30 to
1; Hannant and PilkingtOfi each 50 to 1.
"Calm and Peaceful Be Thy Sleep" was
the discouraging tune the band played the
last thing before leaving.
TO REPAVE POLK STREET.
Meeting of the Directors of the Asso
ciation of Improvement Held.
A meeting of the Polk-street Improve
ment Association's directors was held at
the store of L. H. Kohn, at Sacramento
md Polk streets, last night, at which the
following were present: Louis H. Kohn
chairman), William McMann, Johnston
Elliott, W. B. Bradbury, Val Schmidt and
Nathan Bibo. • ■ :?>?,
These gentlemen represent the original
Polk-street Improvement Club, which
originated the movement for the better
ment of the streets in the commercial
portion of the city, by the united efforts
if property owners and tenants. Through
the efforts of this organization came tne
ranging of electric lights over the street
:enters -at the public expense. ,■
Encouraged by former success, the di
rectors last evening discussed the advis
ability of having Polk street repaved from
Sutter to Jackson with either bitumen
ir the wooden pavement such as has been
aid in front of the Parrott building on
Market street. To promote this much
leslred object a delegation from the asso
;iation will appear before the Supervisor!
md urge its adoption. The proposition
to widen Polk street from Sutter to Jack
son was also -considered, and the most
feasible plan was advanced by Chairman
Louis Kohn, who suggested that two feet
be taken from each sidewalk, that con
duits be placed along the side of tne
street and all the .wires placed un
derground. By doing this the thorough
fare would be made attractive and great
ly improved from a business point of
view. A further discussion of the scheme
will be had before the Supervisors are
asked to carry the plan into effect. At
present a majority of the property own
ers on the line of the street favor the
proposition.
Scandinavian Society.
The Scandinavian Society of this city
has about completed preparations for th.
celebration of the fortieth anniversary of
the organization's existence. The popu
lar entertainment will take place at Na
tive Sons' Hall ,on Mason street, on the
night of Saturday, March 4.
This is the oldest society of Its class
and duilng its organization It has dis
bursed hundreds of thousands of dollars
in sick. and death benefits and in various
other ways it has contributed largely to
the well being of Scandinavian people.
Some of the best artists of San Fran
cisco have kindly volunteered their ser
vices, and the programme, which will be
in English, has been prepared by Leon
hard Georges of Sherman, Clay & Co.
The price of admission has been fixed
at 50 cents. Tickets can be had at Sher
man, Clay & Co.'s, or from any of the
following committee of arrangements:
Captain A. C. Freese, chairman; Consul
Henry Lund, Consul John Simpson, Leon
hard Georges, Albert Hansen, Captain
Jacob Jensen, Captain H. A. Thompson,
Dr. James A. W. Lundborg, A. W. Wil
son, Charles Plambeck, Andrew Olson, N.
P. Holtum, H. A. Brunnell, P. O. Aune
and Oliver Olsen.
Second Chapter of a Sad Story.
Mrs. Hansen, residing at . 232 Laussat
avenue, was brought to the Receiving
Hospital last evening", violently insane.
She Is the daughter of " Mrs. \ Elizabeth
Yost, who committed suicide by jumping
from the deck of the ferry steamer Bay
City on the night of December 13. For
some time Mrs. Yost's identity remained
concealed, and It remained for Mrs. Han
sen to discover the terrible truth that the
suicide was her mother. Since that time
the lady has slowly lost her mind, out of
grief for her unfortunate mother, and
yesterday it was deemed advisable to
place her under proper restraint.
Gimm rides an Eldridge bicycle. ■
PRIVATE SHAY FOUGHT
BRAVELY AT MANILA
ANOTHER member of the
First California has distin
guished himself. This time
it is Private John Shay
of San Francisco, who has won
for himself lasting glory. He was
one of the very first to respond
to the call for volunteers. The fact
that he was only 18 years of age
did not in the least deter him
from "enlisting. He Is a mem
ber of Company I, which, when
the regiment sailed, was com
manded by the brave Captain
Rheinhold fllchter. • Young
Shay was one of the first to land
at Guam, and he also was fore
most in that fatal charge at Ma
late when Captain Richter lost
his life. During the recent fight
ing. he has been with his company
and has seen constant and "hard
fighting.- So far he has been for
tunate to escape without a
wound.
The young soldier ! is the son
of Daniel Shay of this city, who
is connected with the city Fire
Department. At one time Private
Shay was employed by the West-
crn Union Company as a messenger. He bears an excellent reputation for
honesty, sobriety and pluck, and his many friends are hopeful that he may
be spared to return safely to his home.
A TRICKY TRIO
CAUSE TROUBLE
FOR A TURFMAN
Women, a Friend and
Some Dope.
WARRANTS FOLLOW A SOCIAL
S. C. ROWLEY TAKES A DRINK
COSTING $460.
A Tale of the Tenderloin Which
Involves Two Men, Two Maids
and a Great Deal
of Beer.
Mr. S. C. Rowley of Ingleside and. San
■Francisco lives, when he is at home, at
36*4 Geary street. But Mr. Rowley is
not always at home. There are times
when, prompted by his love for the beau
tiful and vivacious in nature, he has been
known to wander from the quiet domes
ticity of his own fireside and to explore
with buoyant if uncertain footsteps, the
mysteries of the merry tenderloin. These
little excursions of Mr. Rowley's have not
been one or two in number. They have
been many. So many, in fact, that Mr.
Rowley, pondering upon the wealth of
knowledge and experience he had there
obtained, chose to consider himself a man
of the world. He was and he still is a
man of the world, but since last Satur
day night he has been far wiser and an
infinitely sadder one than he ever was
before. . 'yy/, y/y
There is an old platitude that says 'tis
better to have loved and lost than never
to have loved at all. Mr. Rowley says
the fellow who first gave utterance to the
platitude never ran up against the com
bination of tenderloin . fairy : and knock
out drops or he would have changed his
tune. The incident which changed Mr.
Rowley from an optimist to a pessimist
and caused him to look upon love with
the jaundiced eye of a cynic occurred
somewhere between 11 o'clock Saturday
night and 2 o'clock Sunday morning, and
Is as follows:
Between the hours named Mr. Rowley
was standing on the corner of Ellis and
Powell streets with his hands in his
trousers pockets. Mr. Rowley was stand
ing because it was far easier to stand
than to. walk; and he had his hands in
his pockets because he had forgotten his
gloves. But that did not matter. It
rather added to his enjoyment. For each
pocket was stocked with large, round
double eagles, and he could- run them
through his fingers until he had counted
460 dollars without any kid or dogskin to
intervene and act as a non-conductor to
the electric thrill they sent tingling
through his whole being.
Mr. Rowley had just commenced to go
over his pile for the fourth time when
his dream of happiness was Interrupted
by one who, hurriedly emerging from a
near-by building, started across the street
to a saloon on the opposite corner.
In the hurrying one Mr. Rowley recog
nized A. H. Rowland, an old friend and
former partner in the horse business. Mr.
Rowland was in a hurry because he was
being consumed by a Sahara-like thirst
and wished to quench it. He, nowever,
tarried long. enough to Invite. Mr. Rowley
to join him, which that gentleman did
without any unnecessary urging.
While an attentive gentleman, attired
iii a white coat, a diamond win and other
apparel busied himself in providing for
their necessities, Mr. Rowland confided to
his friend that he and his lady were cele
brating the first anniversary of their wed
ding in a room across the street, and
would be glad to have Rowley join them.
Rowley was more than willing; so each
Gentleman filling his arms with large cold
ottles (of beer), started. across the street.
Arriving at the room, Mr. Rowley was
presented .to Miss Geraldine Kingston, re
siding on Edd" street, and who, because
"she Is a good fellow," is generally. known
as "Jerry." A merry party of three was
soon tapping the beer. - .. .". . t .
Mr. Rowley enjoyed himself, but. he felt
lonely and longed for a wedding of his
own. No sooner were his wishes made
known than a messenger was awakened
and dispatched with a note, and soon the
party was made four by the arrival of
Miss Dollie Martin, a tender maiden who
lives with her mother on Turk street.
Miss Martin . was thirsty. Therefore,
more beer Was opened and that was where
the trouble began. Mr. Rowley does not
know who opened .the beer. All he is
certain of ls that he drank some of it and
began to get groggy and tried to brace
up. It was no use. He went "out so
fast that he fell in a heap on the. floor.
He has a dim recollection of being lifted
on the bed; of Rowland and the Kings
ton woman going out; of Miss Martin
speaking words of comfort to him. Then he
lost all consciousness of things mundane.:
He thought he was a - skyrocket at a
Fourth of July celebration; that some one
touched a match to him and he continued
to ascend until he woke up to find himself
"busted."
Not a cent of his $460 was left. He did
not know what to do so he sought advice.
Some one acquainted with the San Fran
cisco police force advised him to see Chief
Lees. The case was put into the hands
of Detective Cody and warrants were is
sued for Rowland, the Kingston woman
and Miss Dollie Martin.
Perhaps they will be arrested and per
haps they won't. When seen last night
Detective' Cody said he had a clew, but
he wished the matter kept secret until he
could locate and arrest the guilty parties,
who were in hiding. Evidently the guilty
parties know who is on their track and
have little fear of the result, for last
night they were around town, in their old
haunts., as usual, showing as little concern
for Detective Cody as they would for a
blind pencil vendor. Possibly they are
acquainted with Annie Piggott, If so
they know their business, and knowing it
realize how little they have to fear from
the local Hawkshaws.
Out at the track, where Rowley runs
Kaiser Ludwig and Ocorona, the bookies
are giving 100 -. to 1 against Rowley's
money. _________^__
Miller rides an Eldridge bicycle. •
HOLLAND IS
HOT AND ON
THE WARPATH
HeCriticizesPerrault's
Sudden Action.
INVEIGHS AGAINST INJUSTICE
FINANCE COMMITTEE GAVE
NOTHING — TOOK MUCH.
Money They. Saved on Appropriations
for Building and Furnishing
Went to Funds Other
Than His.
Supervisor Holland is angry. He' was
an early visitor at the board rooms yes
terday, and railed at the action of the
Finance Committee in reducing appropri
ations in which he is interested.
At its meeting on Monday the board
took $20,000 from the fund for. the furnish
ing of the Hall of Justice; $10,000 from, the
proposed new police station; $6800 intended
for a new filter system in the City Hall
and $10,000 set aside for twenty-five ex
tra policemen. ""? 7 -??;?
The first three items are taken from the
budget, of Chairman Holland of the Build
ing Committee. Hence his anger. The
money thus taken is divided among many
depleted funds.
"The merchants of Kearny street have
already taken steps to have the action of
the board reconsidered in so far as it
relates to the Hall of Justice," said Mr.
Holland yesterday. "A petition is now
being circulated asking that the funds of
the new building be left intact and that
it be rushed to completion. All the money
originally appropriated is required to
place the new building in order ready for
occupancy. • ' ' ■
"Dr. Perrault took snap judgment on me
in the matter and reduced the funds In
my care without giving anything in re
turn. There will be a deficiency of $4000
in the fund for repair of buildings, but he
did not replenish that in his redistribu
tion of the money taken from the original
appropriations. He took three-fourths of
the money from funds intended for build
ings and improvements, and the other
quarter from the appropriation for extra
patrolmen.
"I did not know until to-day that Dr.
Perrault went to the members of the
board before the meeting and asked them
to support the measure. I could have
offset this had I known of It at the time."
Supervisor Holland was in no amiable
frame of mind, and Intimated that his
colleague; Dr. Perrault, will have pet
measures he wishes to put through and
will find unexpected opposition to them.
Judge William P. Lawlor has not been
convinced that the criminal departments
of the Superior Courts should occupy the
quarters prepared for them in the Hall of
Justice. He holds that the influences sur
rounding the police courts are such as the
higher tribunal should be apart from. Su
pervisor Holland .must now overcome the
prejudices of Judge Lawlor.'
SHAFTER NOT ILL.
Reports Concerning His Serious Con-
dition Greatly Exaggerated.
Captain E. H. Plummer, of the Tenth
United States Infantry, aid to Major-Gen
eral Shafter, when asked last night about
the reports published, in the afternoon
press to the effect that General Shafter
was suffering from a return of the Cuban
fever and that his friends were alarmed
for his condition, said:
"General Shafter, since his return from
Cuba, has frequently, had these attacks
of fever. His physician has advised him
to continue taking quinine • because tho
malaria was still in his system, but this
the general has not done. No one is at
all alarmed about him. Yesterday he suf
fered from a chill, but it was no worse
than several that he has had since he
reached San Francisco. I was with him
yesterday, and in the evening he was able
to dictate several- letters to me. He will
shortly return to the city. • You need have
no hesitancy in saying that the reports
concerning the serious condition of Gen
eral Shafter have been greatly exagger
ated." yy ■;-:/.•"-*..- '. .--;.'.">:•'■'
FOUR FIRE VICTIMS.
Chew Moor, the Last of the Commer-
cial . Street Victims, Died
' y Yesterday.
Chew Moor, • one of the Chinamen
I burned a few days ago at 724 Commercial
i street,- died yesterday morning, making
j the fourth and last victim of the accident.
Police Officer Colen told the Coroner's
jury yesterday how the fire started, j One
; of the eight or ten persons- In the room,
j which was in second story, tied a quan
tity of firecrackers on - the end of a pole,
set them afire and hung them out of the
i window. Through carelessness he flipped
I a part of the exploding crackers Into the
room in which were stored ■ about $400
■ worth of fireworks. ,
' These took fire and set- the room in a
blaze. A rush was made for the door, but
| the four men who were fatally, burned, at
' tempted to extinguish the flames and- lost
> their lives in the attempt. . » ■'■ yy yy
■ m ■
Free sampling when " buying Atlas ' Bourbon
and delicious wines. Mohna & X., 29 Market st.
•:?-:.• » m ■ — —
-. Death of Artemas Webster.
. Artemas Webster, formerly a member of
the ; firm of Farnham & Co., Shanghai,
} China, and of late a resident of San
I Francisco, died oh Monday evening, the
13th inst., at' his home, corner of Pine
and Jones streets. .He was an active
member of California Lodge No. 1, F. and
A. M., and of California Chapter of Royal
Arch Masons. In Shanghai he was roas
ter of the Masonic lodge and commander
of the Knights Templar. His widow 'nd
daughter have the sympathies of many
kind friends in their bereavement. His
obsequies .will be conducted- by California
Lodge at Masonic Temple", of which time
ly notice will be published. •
Hale rides an Eldridge bicycle. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
yCISraSNDS"
are WINNERS!
It May Interest Yon to Know
■
That £> Consecutive
for O Evenings,
SATURDAY, SUNDAY AND MON-
DAY]
The CLEVELAND .WHEELS won
First and Second Prizes in all
Amateur Events at the '
- Pavilion Races.
CLEVELANDS WIN!
Because they have QUALITY.
CLEVELAND BICYCLES SELL
FOR $40 and $50. ..?.;.
CHAINLESS AND SPECIALS, $75.
LEAVITT & BILL
309 Larkin Street,
, 20 SAN PABLO AVENUE, OAKLAND.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant, Simple? but Saf; and Ef-
fectual Cure for It.
Catarrh of stomach has long: been con-
sidered the next thing to Incurable. The
usual symptoms are a full or bloating
sensation after eating, accompanied some-
times with sour or watery risings, a for-
mation of gases, causing pressure on the
heart and lungs and difficult breathing;
headaches, fickle appetite, nervousness
and a general played out, languid feeling.
There is often a foul taste in the mouth,
coated tongue and if the Interior of the
stomach could be seen it would show a
slimy, Inflamed condition.
The cure of this common and obstinate
trouble is found in a treatment which
causes the food to be readily, thoroughly
digested before it has time to ferment
and Irritate the delicate mucous surfaces
of the stomach. To secure a prompt and
healthy digestion is the one necessary
thing to do and when normal digestion Is
secured the catarrhal condition will have
disappeared. 77?. y?
According to Dr. Harlanson the safest
and best treatment is to use after each
meal a tablet, composed of Diastase, Asep-
tic Pepsin, a little Nux, Golden Seal and
fruit acids. These tablets can now be found
at all drugstores under the name of Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, and not being a
patent medicine can be used with perfect
safety and assurance that healthy appe-
tite and thorough digestion will follow
their regular use after meals.
Mr. N. J. Booher of 2710 Dearborn st.,
Chicago, 111., writes: "Catarrh is a local
condition resulting from a neglected cold
in the head, whereby the lining membrane
of the nose becomes inflamed and the
poisonous discharge therefrom pass-
ing backward into the throat reaches
the '. stomach, thus producing , ca-
tarrh of the stomach. Medical au-
thorities prescribed for me for three
years for catarrh of the stomach without
cure, but to-day I am the happiest of men
after using only one. box of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets. I cannot find appropriate
words to express my good feeling. I have
found flesh, appetite and sound rest from
their use." • ° •?-?' y
• Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Is the safest
preparation =as well as the simplest and
most convenient remedy for any form of
indigestion, catarrh of the stomach, bil-
iousness, sour- stomach, heartburn and
bloating after meals. : •
Send for little book, mailed free, on
stomach troubles, by addressing Stuart
Co., Marshall, Mich. The tablets can be
found at all drugstores.
__L___________ll_________________________u__«_i_l
gge^^Lem. I wlll guarantee.
that my Kidney Cure
J^^^^mK^^ -will cure 90 rer cent.
*__fl7 ** I '^^'*__!!_, °' all formi ? of kidney
J?x jltsl|} ©o m P la l n t and In
g» t_S_f_r man y Instances, the
iW ■'llj^w^ftlr most serious forms of
fthat my Kidney Cure
will cure 90 per cent,
of all forms of kidney
many instances the
most serious forms of
\ S*la3iZ3 the disease is com-
V *~m&® plicated send a four-
/Ts^yT^at ounce vial- of urine.
*&s}&sfr!!!fW&s^ We will analyze it
end advise you free
' At all druggists, 280. a "rial. Guide to Health
and medical advice free. 1505 Arch st.. Phila. o
'•^S-l§ifife_ Doctor .
*3§§|P*y>i^ f||l IV- & ■ BTIO
fH? **»^fSI Specialists for Men
'I <JjJ/2 "*ffc*6?"sjy rC-tl >» These phyilcl.ni have been
v^ltf Xy—y iSSi cur n '* *'' De8 * »nd con "
\\ WAi, I ''/ tract " d ailnenU since 1881.
\ij\JVjp fl >V^ I s4iKii Tbey have the larß'ft a-J
I»WT/i I *y^llftN^a 8t "MUlpped liit>ltc*l 111-
-^- V^MiXu o'^'iilsy&Xji'titntio'',0 '^'iilsy&Xji'titntio'', an< l the nio.it ct-
■ iii? 1 \^Tilii'4yjt^Yr"\S»^ tensive practice In the U. S.
HI >^|f WVWW > '° Pa y Till Cured.
%$-(' V TTnfortuaate men who can-
• yjit'l N. jl )Xi^u}y'Jj?*'^ nnt call should write for ad-
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _ ALL FREE.
Thousand* curfl at home;
All letters confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
731 MARKKT ST., } Elevator Entrance. „
10l SAN i'BANCiSCO J Elevatar Entrance.
000000. 000000 0000
V R * PALACE 'H'S
ZGRand mmksi
X BAM FRANCISCO. »• Q
c* '. Connacted by a covered passagewajr. " *J
1400 Rooms— oo With Both Attached. °
7"'°-' All Under On* Management. Q
0 HOTS THB PSIOES:, Q
-. European Plan. Bl .oo per day and upward A
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward M
(J Correspondence Solicited. - Q
_) JOSH 0. KIBK7A-7RIOK, Maa.ge*. q :
QjQ Q Q OQOOOOOO-00000
Use f^%L se - c
Woodbury's 'ff^fl Woodbury's
Facial Soap, Facial Cream.
The. only preventive for ' pimples, blotches,
blackheads, red, rough and oily -skin. Send 10
cents for Beauty Book, and receive sample
each of Soap and Cream, free. JOHN H.
WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d St., New York, and 163
State St., Chicago.
■DTJTTQTJI7O ° R BARBERS, BAK-
DiliJlJ ill-. ' '•*"*. bootblacks, . bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers? canners,
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen. tar-mn'cr^. tannprs." tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.. .
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
IVIED IT* ■BSTr'K&tr
•«5n Vllrt LOST VIGOR.
i O"SR& . —AND MANHOOD
W[i^\ Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
Dn9fi diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
i »SJ isTl indiscretion. . A nervctomc and blood-builder.
L vl '•fey Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and tt*
It ttW / stores the fire of youth. By mail 50b per
[s|!_jwf*s!L boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
J*rjffl^aW^! guarantee to cure or refund the money. '
neroita medic-*! Co., (.Hntott « Jackson st*., _n-iea_..
WALLER BROS., S3 Grant ave., San Francisco. .
rM.ii.',r.iini
Oppression, SuQocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, i. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGSRA 4 CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
DR.MCNULTY.
a *HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
J- .Specialist cut-fit Private, Nervous, anil Blood Dis-
eases o ' Men only. ' 800. on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
PatlentscuredatHome. Terms-reasonable. Hours 9
to3datly;6,3otoB:-» ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul.
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, oraddress
P. ItOS<"OK McXULTY, M.D.
2'»'o Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
yvvvwvvvvvyvvvv>A^vvvvvvvvv\-w*;
1 A PERMANENT CURE .I
I A PERMANENT CURE |
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
? and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
C * days ; no other treatment required. 5
5 ?. Sold by all druggists. : 5.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan". Rooms, 60c to Jl 50 day;
*. to t» week; '8 to J3O month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every. room; fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
Weekly CaU,sl.oo per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER
LAST WEEK-THE TRIPLE STAR COMBINATION.
LCUIS JAMES To-night and
KATHRYN KIDDER H^mLET.
FREDERICK WARDE I h " rs ' be 1 t 1 h ::
Friday, Othello.
Saturday Evening-, "Julius Caesar."
Sunday, "The School for ScandaL"
SXIUA-NEXT MONDAY
WILSON EADPEIS 6REAT DRAMA
THE SIGN OF JL
.'..■ me. •RiM.fis.'X.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
(Mfomla ™
THE TRANSCONTINENTAL TRIUMPH,
The World-Famoua
BLACK PATTI
TROUBADOURS.
Greatest and Funniest Colored Show on Earth.
BLACK PATTI - ERNEST HOGAN
AND THIRTY EBONY ECSTACIES.
BETTER THAN EVER.
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY, FEB. 15.
Parquet, any 6eat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
lON ROY AND McDONALD, Great Char-
acter Comedians.
DE HAVEN AND MAIE, America's Young-
est Comedians, In "A NAVAL RESERVE."
P. C. SHORTIS. Musical Monnlogist. ' Y.y'
LANG AND KELLER, Vocalists. '
PROF. MACART'S DOGS AND MONKEYS.
SCHRODE BROS.. DERENDA AND
BREEN. STINE AND EVANS.
'Last Week of MILTON AND DOLLIE
NOBLES, in the Favorite Comedy, "BILGE-
VILLE JUNCTION."
FRIDAY— Iowa Night. Theater sortie by offi-
cers and men of the lowa.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
Tar/". *\TI*r > I-l T f AND DURING
1 Lf-llUjll 1 ENTIRE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
MR. N. C. GOODWIN'S
BIG COMEDY SUCCESS,
A GOLD MINE.
SEATS ■---•■ ■ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Next Week— THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND
ME.
COMEDY THEATER.
-. . (Formerly the Popular Bush.)
Standing Room • Only, Gigantic and positive
success of • the gorgeous Spectacular
? ?,'; ■ ■ :. Extravaganza,
SPIDER
AND ■■""' %
FLY......
_•
Second and last week— The beautiful produc-
tion with Its magnificent scenery, brilliant cos-
tumes and effective stage pictures.
POPULAR PRICES. Seats secured box offlce
•yy; •' and Emporium.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING,
"THE STORY OF AN" UNKISSED MAID."
A TRIUmPHI
« . Th& Fantastic Comic Opera,
MADELEINE,
Or, THE MAGIC KISS.
EVERY NUMBER A DELIGHT.
EVERY LINE A LAUGH.
Strongest Singing Company in America.
FUN FAST AND FURIOUS.
; MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M..
Popular Prices <=.".' : 25c and 500
N. B. — reserved seat for the matinee, 25c
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
...OLYMPIA...
y Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
' ° America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
THE MOST <■ SENSATIONAL ATTRACTION
OF THE YEAR.
THEONEIYNNWOOD!
THE ONE LYNNWOOD!
EUROPE'S GREATEST CONTORTIONIST.
"Direct From Winter Garden, Berlin.
DON'T MISS THIS GREAT CARD.
TEN ALL-STAR ACTS.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
Pi f r-\ INGLESIDE
JPV ImS.J. *_>-* TRACK.
"The most magnificent. track ln America."—
Spirit- of the Times.
I FIVE OR MORE
RACES DAILY!
/.•1 77'/ February 6 to February 18.
Wedne-day— THE HAI.OWAN3KY STAKES.
FOR Q 2- YEAR-OLD COLTS AND GELDINGS.
FOUR FURLONGS.
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
'* ° ROUND-TRIP TICKETS. 25 CENTS.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny streets
every three minutes. _,_ :•.;■.
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
.F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
f^"^" - ***"~"""*"^""^""^ ■
CONCERTS AND KESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOOI.^SS?"
TO-MOEHOW (Thursday) -AMATEUR NIGHT.
AMATEUR BALLET!
amateur PREMIERE. SECUNDAS AND
CORYPHEES'.
See the LIVING OSSIFIED MAN I '
AUSTRALLIN- IGUANAS in the ZOO!
10c, including Zoo and Thelter; Children. 5c
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
, • A HUGE SUCCESS.
/ OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO li .
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORS**:**.
1 I
VA/. X. HESS,
VOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
• Telephone Brown 831
Residence. 821 California St.. below Pew_U_
Ean Francisco.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Wheat and Barley Futures advanced.
Oats In fair demand.
Corn dull. Rye lower.
No change in Flour.
Hay very dull.
Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Flaxseed offering again.
Potatoes steady and Onions firm.
Asparagus arriving more freely.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs doing rather better.
Poultry firm and Game weak.. ' ..* ; :
Apples and Oranges In good supply.
Prunes plentiful and dull.
Other Dried Fruits scarce and firm.
Provisions unaffected by the advance in
stock.
Hops, Hides and Wool unchanged.
Meats very Arm. but no higher.
Grain Bags unchanged, y •?'
Sterling Exchange higher.
WHEAT AND FLOUR EXPORTS.
Exports of flour from this port during the first
seven months of the current cereal year were
4*1.744 barrels, against 483,232 during the same
time last year. Reducing this flour to a wheat
basis and adding it to the exported wheat gives
total exports of wheat during the seven months
of 2,702.000 centals, valued at $3,419,000. against
868,000 centals at $14,016,900 last year. These
figures show the shortage ln last year's crop.
DRIED FRUIT AND RAISINS IN NEW
YORK.
The New York Commercial says: "There is
some request for peaches from interior points,
but the price Is too high to permit wide trading.
Conditions are about the same as at last re
ports, with prospects of a rise ln prices if de
mand Increases materially. Holders are con
fident, and feel Inclined to retain their goods
for the present, expecting to secure larger
profits later. . ■?',-'■
"The prune combine, which was reported as
having been formed in California recently, has
had no influence on the markets here as yet.
Opinion has not changed since the organization
was announced, and most dealers are still skep
tical. Prices on spot goods are unchanged, and
buying Is not large. There is a moderate num
ber of small orders from dealers whose stocks
need replenishing, but no large buyers have
come into market as yet:
"Raisins appear to be slightly steadier. There
is an upward tendency on all grades, except
two and three crowns. They are still low and
weak, with no prospect of immediate change in
conditions, On the coast it ls said that trade
ls dull and featureless, and that there is no
prospect of a shift ln prices. Ungraded stocks
are moving out slowly and seem to meet all
the requirements of the trade, as well as the
more expensive graded goods.
"Figs are weaker. There has been a consid
erable decline in California stocks, and prices
are at the lowest ebb of the season. Low-grade
foreign goods are attracting more attention
than California fruit, but there is compara
tively little demand for any sort."
THE weather report.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
San Francisco, Feb. 14, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .....V 0.10 ■ 18.36 21.75
Red Bluff 0.00 13.06 9.30
Sacramento ..... 0.00 7.85 6.85
San Francisco 0.00 • 7.77 6.86
Fresno 0.00 3.74 3.23
San Luis 0bi5p0........ 0.00 7.20 3.90
Los Angeles 0.00 2.90 4.13
San Diego .0.00 3.71 3.18
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.23
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
€2; minimum, 46; mean, 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A moderate depression has passed eastward '
over Washington during the day, causing rain
over Washington and Oregon. The rain has
extended southward to the region of Cape Men- ;
docino along the coast. The weather is gen- j
erally clear over California, Nevada and, Ari- |
zona. ■_-.'; -•
The pressure has again begun to rise, along |
the northern California coast, causing high I
northwest wind at Point Reyes and Mount ;
Tamalpals. where the velocity this evening ex
ceeds SO miles per hour.
The temperature has risen slightly in all |
districts.
Conditions are favorable for fair, warm
. weather in California Wednesday, with fresh I
northwest wind.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty I
hours ending midnight February 15:
Northern California— Partly cloudy ln north
west portion, with light showers along the ex
treme northwest coast; fair in southeast por
tion Wednesday; continued warm; fresh north
west wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Wednesday; cooler, ln
northwest portion.
Cloudy Wednesday, probably with light
snow in the "mountains of the north portion.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— cloudy
Wednesday.; fresh northwest wind.
Mount Tamalpals— Clear; wind northwest. 50
miles; temperature, 62; maximum tempera- 1
ture, 58. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14.— Stocks to-day ad
vanced moderately above the prices prevail
ing before the triple holiday. Commission
house business was much restricted, as the
severe storm has delayed small orders and kept
away many customers. " The attendance on the
Stock Exchange was diminished and prices
receded fractionally through the early trad
ing. The London market, too, was dull be
cause of storms throughout England and "Yan
kee" rails, which showed weakness before our
opening because of the blizzard, were subse
quently bought for London account. Burling
ton was a most prominent stock for strength
on a rumor that a refunding plan would be
put through at to-morrow'» meeting,
although the story lacked confirmation.
The other grangers were sympathetically
strong. Weather conditions were responsible
for lifting the price of the anthracite coalers
and rubber. The improving tone, which be
came noticeable before noon, spread to the
rest of the list as a rule, and values were gen
erally enhanced. Other features of strength
were the local traction shares and the Pacifies
and Pennsylvania. A number of industrials,
which showed early weakness, rallied, consid
erably.
The bond market ruled irregular during the
forenoon, but subsequently hardened under
the Influence of a good demand of the active
Hens. Total sales, $2,795,000. United States 4s
coupon advanced % in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 381 400
shares, Including 4675 Atchison, 13,345 do pre
ferred, 64,600 Burlington, 5100 Louisville and
Nashville, 3880 Metropolitan, 22,300 Reading pre
ferred. 18.760 Northern Pacific, 6770 Rock Isl
and, 3400 Union Pacific, 4000 do preferred 10 330
St. Paul. 6400 Southern preferred. 5300 Tobacco
6400 Steel, 4450 People's Gas. 3300 General Elec
tric. 8500 Brooklyn Transit.- 12.883 Sugar 4000
Leather, 12.150 Rubber, 4870 Chicago and Great
Western.
NEW YORK CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 22%:5t L& S F . 12«/
Do preferred 61% Do preferred '72 *
Baltimore & Ohio.. 69% Do 2d prefrd.... ' 41%
Canada Pacific 39 St Paul 128U
Canada them.. 69% I Do preferred lis
Central Pacific 51% St P & 0m....?""' ai
Ches & Ohio 28% Do preferred 171
Chicago & A1t0n. ..171 So Pacific .. .st;
Chi B & Q 141% So Railway " i_2
Chi & Kill 67 I Do preferred 49%
Do preferred 117 : Texas & Pac.. .. ' 21".
Chicago Q W 16% Union Pac 4«ii
Chi Ind & L 10%, Do preferred... " 79*
Do preferred 43% U P D & O " 12
Chi & N W 149% Wabash ...... .*.?'."' six
Do preferred 191% Do preferred.... 22
CCC&St L 59 Wheel & L E.. '"" 11%
Do preferred 97% i Do preferred...?" 32>2
Del & Hudson 113 , Express Companies-
Del L &W 160% Adams Ex.?.?..?. 109
Del & Rio Q 22% American Ex. 140
Do preferred 74 United States...." 54
Erie (new) 14% Wells Fargo 125
Do Ist prefrd 39 j Miscellaneous—'" ■
Ft Wayne 178 ,A Cot Oil 3514
:Jt Nor prefrd 184 Do preferred.... 91
Hocking Valley.... 3% Amer Spirits. . . 12*.
Illinois Centra!.... 115% I Do preferred 3514
Lake Erie & W.... 20 Amer Tobacco.. ..'l37»*
Do preferred 67% Do preferred .. . .133%
Lake Shore 2"0% Cons Gas 206*4
Louis & Nash 64% Com Cable C 0..... 185
Manhattan 1 112% Col F A 1r0n.... 32V4
Met 81 Ry 235% Do preferred 90
Mich Central 118 Gen Eiec in
Minn &St L 46 Haw Com "' 70
Do Ist prefrd 98 Brooklyn R T.... ' 92«
Mo Pacific ». 44% Inter Paper 68»4
Mobile & Ohio 40 I Do preferred....' 88
M X & T 14% Laclede Gas " 53
Do preferred 38% Lead 37%
N J Central 104% Do preferred 113
N V Central 136% Nat Linseed 0i1.... 7
N V Chi & St L... 14 ..Pacific Mall biu
Do Ist prefrd 65 People's Gas 112%
Do 2d prefrd 33 Pullman Pal 159
Nor West 18 'Silver Cer.. 69%
No Amer Co 8% Stand R & T 10%
No Pacific..* 62% Sugar 132%
Do preferred 79 i Do preferred 112%
Ontario & W 22% r C & Iron 42%
Or R & Nay 47% IT S Leather 7
Or Short Line 42% Do preferred 71%
Pac Coast Ist pfd.. 88 US Rubber 62%
Do 2d prefrd 83 Do preferred 115%
Pittsburg 180 West Union 94%
Reading 22% Federal Steel 48%
Do Ist prefrd 62 ! Do preferred 86
R G W 41% Or Nay prefrd..... 73
Do preferred 76 j Pac Coast 47
Rock Island 118 Colo Southern 12
St L& S W 10% Do Ist prefrd 63%
_"*o preferred 30% I Do 2d prefrd^.... »)
CLOSING BONDS.
IT S new 4s reg.. ..129 IN J C ss. 115
Do coupon 129 North Caro 6s 130
t" S4s 113 I Do 4s 104
Do coupon 113% No Pac lsts 115%
Do 2ds 99 Do 3s 68".
VS 6s reg 112% Do 4s 102%
Do 6s coup 112 NYC& St L 45. .107%
District 3 65s 118 Nor &W 6s 130
Ala class A- 108 Northwstrn c0n5. ..143
Do B 108 Do deb 5s 122
Do C ....100 Or Nay lsts 110
Do Currency 100 ,Or Nay 4s 102
Atchison 4s 101% :0 S Line 6s tr 128*4
Do adj 4s S3 O S Line 5s tr 111*.
Can So 2ds.. 110*. Reading 4s '... 87%
C& O 4%s 95 V G W lsts 93%
Chicago T 4s 95*. St L & IMC 65.. 11 l
C & Ohio 5s 118 St L&S F G 65. .123%
C AD 4%s 104%, 5t P Con 163
D& R lsts 10S%ISt PC & P 15t5. ...119
D&R G4s 101% Do 5s 121
East Term lsts 105 So Railway 55. ..'...105%
Erie Gen 4s 72% ! 3tad R & T 6s 86
F W & D lsts tr... 84% Term new set 35... 95
Gen Eiec 6s 114 Tex Pac L G 15t5.. 111%
G H & S A 6s 109 Do reg 2ds :. 50%
Do 2d5... 110 Union Pac 4s 10414
H&T Cls 110 UPD & G lsts... 87%
Do con 6s 110% Wabash Ist lis 114
lowa C lsts 107 I Do 2ds .94%
La new consols 45.. 108 W Shore 4s 112%
LAN Unl 4s 95% Va Centuries....... 85
Pac con 6s prefrd.,ll4 Do deferred 7
M X & T 2ds 68% Wis Central lsts... 67%
Do 4s 944 .-"olo Southern 45... 87
N V Central 1ata. .117% I
MINING STOCKS.
Bulwel 9 Ontario 6 50
.'hollar lS.nphir 9)
Crown Point 15 I Plymouth 10
Con Cal & Va 1 86 Quicksilver 1 50
Deadwood 45 Do preferred 600
Gould & Curry..... 25 Sierra Nevada 80
Hale & Norcross.. 26 Standard 285
Homestake 50 00 (Union Con 30
Iron Silver 77 Yellow Jacket 13
Mexican 60 i
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. 14— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London cablegram says: The mar
kets here were very idle and dull to-day. Paris
sold heavily on unconfirmed rumors of riot
there. ?'''."?
• Americans opened heavy on the blizzard In
America and the New York money outlook, and
prices dwindled steadily all day. There was
little business, and what there was had no
feature.
Coppers were feverish. Tlntos touched 41%
and closed at 40%. Anacondas were 9 9-16 and
closed at 9%. Utahs were 10*4 and closed at
9 9-16. Bostons ranged from 2 13-16 to 2% and
closed at 3 1-16.
yy. CLOSING. . ■ \
Canadian Pacific. 90%; Northern Paclflo pre
ferred, 81; Union Pacific preferred, 81; Grand
Trunk, 8; bar sliver quiet, 28 7-16 d; money, 1%
per cent.
MADRID, Feb. 14.— Spanish fours closed at
69.65. -.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Feb. .14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,900 barrels; exports, 9900. Neglected, but
firmly held on spring patents.-
WHEAT— Receipts, 12,000 bushels; exports,
67,200. Spot quiet; No. 2 red, S4c, f. o. b. afloat
to arrive. Options opened stronger and for a
time were supported by cables, active foreign
buying of March wheat and cold-weather news,
later developments were more bearish, however,
following late cables, a big visible supply in
crease and small clearances, closed weak at
l%c net advance on March, but -»_c decline on
other months. March, 82085 c, closed at 82% c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
METALS— The market starts this week with
several departments showing an appreciable
rise on favorable English cables and encour
aging accounts from the West. Demand was
brisk, and at the close a firm undercurrent to
sentiment was apparent. Tin led in the rise
and displayed the greater amount of animation
throughout the session. At the close the Metal
Exchange called: ,' \-
PIG IRON— Warrants firm at $8 50, nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Strong, with $17 75 bid and
$18 asked.
TlN— Firm, with $24 12% bid and $24 37%
asked.
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 60, nominal.
; SPELTER— Strong, with $6 12% bid and $6 25
asked.
The brokers' price for lead os - $4 20 and for
copper. $18 50019. ■■;■'. ■• ■*
COFFEE— Options ■ closed quiet; net un
changed. Sales, 18.000 bags, Including March,
"5 15; May. $5 66; August. $5 80; September,
15 90; November, $6; December, $6 06. Spot
coffee Dull and nominal; No. 7 invoice, 6V c;
No. 7 Jobbing. 7c; mild, dull; Cordova, 7%014c.
SUGAR— Raw quiet and steady; lair refining,
" 13-16 c; molasses sugar, 3 7-16 c; centrifugal.
Mi test. 4 6-16 c. Refined quiet, but steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 134 packages. Excited
and higher; Western creamery, IS § 25c; Elgins,
25c: factory. 14%©17 c.
EGGS— Receipts, 116 packages. Excited and
higher; Western, 30c; Southern, 29% c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14.— California dried fruits
quiet and steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7©"-;
prime wire tray, B%Q&c; choice, 9%©9' 3 c;
fancy, 9*UolOc.
PRUNES— •'.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 11014 c; Moorpark. 13017 c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9© lie; peeled, 24©26 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. 14.— Unexpected strength at
Liverpool, ln addition to light domestic re
ceipts, gave wheat a strong start. May opened
"_@%c higher at 73%©74 c, and as New York re
ported foreigners fair buyers of March and
May wheat at the seaboard . the price soon
touched 74-.C. The same was true of foreign
business here, the orders being generally to
buy ln short wheat. The visible statement
Boon forced itself upon the attention of the
traders, and as it gave early evidence of show
ing a considerable Increase it was suggestive
of caution to the buyers. The result was an
increase of 1.117.000 bushels for the ' week,
bringing the total up to 30,161,000 bushels. The,
market, however, in anticipation of some such'
addition to stocks, had become very heavy,
and before the actual announcement was made
the price of May wheat had dropped to 73% c,
and It got as low as 73'i©73'4c before It recov
ered from Its declining tendency. The mar
ket ruled heavy all the time after the result of
the visible was known, while a good deal of
long property was for sale at the decline. May
dropped to 72%e, closing 72%©72% c.
The early strength in wheat and higher
cables started corn firm. . It was too freely
offered, however, to maintain the rise it com
menced with, and when wheat withdrew Its
support, it brought corn to the ground. May
lost %®%c.
Numerous outside buying orders and a good
speculative demand from elevator concerns
strengthened oats. The break in the other
grains caused a reaction, but the market held
fairly steady throughout the session. May
closed %c lower.
Heavy receipts of hogs and lower prices at
the yards handicapped provisions. The mar
ket ruled dull all day. Pork closed with a loss
of l"«gl2%c: lard. 7%c, and ribs. 5®7%c".
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 8—
May 74 -74% 72% 72%
July 72% 72%. 71% 71%
Corn No. 2— •-.'. ■■-
May 37% 87% 87 87%
July 88 88 37% 37%
September 38% 38% - - 88 38
Oats No. 2— .
May 29 29% 28% 28%
July 26% 26% 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 10 12% 10 12% 10 00 10 02%
Lard, per 100 pounds
May ;5 70 570 .6 62% 665
July 6 80 6 80 6 75 5 75
September. 590 690 5 87% 6 87%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 5 07% 5 07% 600 6 02%
July 515 615 6 12% 5 12%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, un
changed; No. 2 spring- wheat, 67®71%c; No. 3
spring wheat. 65071 c; No. 2 red. 73074 c; No. 2
corn. 35V*035%e; No. 2 oats, 28% c: No. 2 white.
31031% c; No. 3 white, 30%031c; No. 2 rye, 55% c;
No. 2 barley. 41f"51%c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 17;
prime timothy seed. $2 40; mess pork, per bbl,
$9 K4fl 90: lard, per 100 lbs J6 47%05 50; short
ribs sides (loose). J4 7004 90; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). $4 2504 37%; short clear sides
(boxed), $5 0605 10; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gal, $125. . \ 7 v ' ';
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 26,000 119,000
Wheat, bushels 150,000 11.000
Corn, bushels 878,000 436,000
Oats,* bushels 699.000 296,000
Rye, bushels 17.000 10,000
Barley, bushels 60.000 27,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 14<S"22c; dairies.
ll%<**lße. Eggs, firm: fresh, 25®26c. Cheese,
steady; creams, 9%©11 c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— . Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 366.240 28.490
Duluth 104.987 3,004
Milwaukee 69.500 7.700
Chicago 160,750 10.718
Toledo 30.502 20.000
St. Louis 69.000 8.000
Detroit 2,353 5.623
Kansas City 61,600 67.000
Totals 834,832 1*4.535
Tidewater-
Boston 65,696
New York 12,000 67,215
Philadelphia 11.430
Baltimore 33.449
New Orleans
Galveston 40,600 .......
Totals ... .......
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— ' March. May.
Opening. ....5 8% 6 8%
Closing 68% .'..6 8%
. PARIS FUTURES.
FLOUR. WHEAT.
Feb. I May- Aug. Feb. | May- Aug.
Open j ...........|
Clse. ■Hpldy|„.y. JJ^.-. I H01iday... ..1. '-.»•.••».
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1899.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14.— statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday. February 11. as complied by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat. 30,161,000, increase 2.177.000 bushels;
corn, 30,554,000, increase 2,366,000 bushels; oats,
7,1"0.000, Increase 11,200 bushels; rye, 1,587,000,
increase 20,000 bushels; barley, 2,922.000, de
crease 289,000 bushels.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. ■
CHICAGO. Feb. 14.—CATTLE— Were largely
10c lower; fancy cattle,- $6"J6 15; choice steers,
$5 60@5 95; medium steers,' $4 80@5 10; beef
steers, $4 15©4 75; stockers and feeders, $3 30*5
4 75; bulls, $2 75<@ , 4 26; cows and heifers. $3 30
©4; Western fed steers, $4 25@4 76; Texas
steers, $3 65(g!4 80; calves. Js<§7 50.
HOGS— Were 6@loc lower; fair to choice,
packing lots, $3 60@3 80; mixed, $3 65@3 90;
lights. $3 6003 90; pigs. $3 35©3 80.
SHEEP— Were 10c advance: poor to prime
lambs, $4@5 10; Inferior to choice sheep, $2 60
<g>4 50, chiefly $3 80"f3 85; yearlings. $4 35@4 65.
Receipts— Cattle. 5000; hogs, 59,000; sheep, 4000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Feb. 14.— The wool market con
tinues steady in tone, and a fair amount of
wool . has been moved during the past week.
The market for fine fleeces is quiet and only
limited sales are made from time to time.
With prices nominal. Australian wools are
quiet. Quotations: Territory wools— Montana,
fine medium and fine, 14@16c; scoured price, 43c;
staple, 475f45c.
Utah, Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine,
13515 c; scoured price, 40@46c; staple, 45"J48c.
Australian Scoured basis, combing su
perfine, 70(g"2c; good, 65©6Sc; average, 62®65c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, OR., Feb. Clearances, $284,
--392; balances. $59,889.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
' PORTLAND. OR., Feb. 14.— Fifty-eight cents
was generally quoted as a top figure for Walla
Walla wheat to-day, and some of the dealers
did not care for business anything above 57c.
One price will bring out about as much wheat
as the other, though, for farmers are hanging
on with a grip that shows no signs of slacken
ing.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb- WHEAT— CIub, 69c; blue
stem, 62@63c.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14.— COTTON— Quiet; mid
dling. 6 9-16 c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. 14.— Consols, 111%: silver.
27 7-16 d; French rentes, 103f 2%c; wheat car
goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pass
age, quiet and steady; English country mar
kets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 14.— Steady;
wheat in Paris, holiday; flour In Paris, holiday;
French country markets, dull; weather In Eng
land mild. Futures closed easy: March. 5s
B%d: May. Os B%d. Spot. No. 2 red Western
winter, firm, 6s; No. 1 red Northern spring,
firm, 6s ll'.d. ■-.'/.
CORN— Spot firm: American mixed, old, 3s
SVid. Futures steady; February, 3s -6%d;
March, 3s 6%d; May, 3s 6"id. '7- ''
•
.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 47%04S
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— • dull and
nominal on the spot at 255, usual options: The
chartered wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonnage of 6347, against 36,335 tons on the same
date last year; disengaged. 24,600 tons, against
25.340; on the way to this port, 148,400 tons,
against 190,740.
WHEAT— Futures opened at a marked ad
vance, but fell back. Transactions were larger ;
than of late. The spot market- was unchanged,
Spot wheat— Shipping, $1 121.01 15; milling,
$1 16-401 18% per ctl. ' "-. <-', :''•-?■..'
CALL BOARD SALES. ?." •
Informal Session— o'clock— May— ctls,
$1 18%; 4000, $1 18%; 6000. $1 18%. ■
Second Session— May— l4.ooo ctls, $1 18; 12,000.
$1 18%: 16,000, 18%; 4000. 18%; 2000, 17%.
December— 8000 ctls, $1 19%.
Regular Morning Session— May— lo,ooo ctls,
$1 17%. -
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 17%; 1
8000. $1 17%; 2000, $1 17%; 12.000, $1 17%. De
cember—2ooo, $1 18%; 12.000. $1 19.
BARLEY— The spot market continued to drag
at unchanged quotations, but futures were con
siderably higher.
Feed, $1 2501 30; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99,
new— ctls, 96% c: 12,000, 96% c.
Second Session— Seller '99. new— 2ooo ctls,
96V4c; (000, 96c; 2000, 96% c; 2000, 95% c; 8000, 95c;
1000, »5%C.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
2000 ctls. 94% c: 6000, 94%c;.2000, 95c. '• ■
Afternoon Session— Seller '99,- new— 4ooo ctls,
95c; 2000, 94% c; 6000, 94% c.
OATS— The demand continues fair at steady
prices. '.-'•
Fancy Feed. $1 8501 37% per ctl; good to
choice, $1 27H01 32%; common, $1 25; Surprise,
$1 42%-ffl 50; Gray. $1 27%01 32%; Milling, $1 32%
©1 35 per ctl; Red, $1 5001 60; Black, $1 5001 60.
CORN— There is nothing new to report In
this market. It has been featureless for a long
time.
Small round Yellow. $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low. $1 10; White. $1 10; mixed, $1 07%©1 10 per
ctl; California White. $112%.
RYE— Is freely offered and lower at $1 15 per
ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 4125 barrels of
Flour, valued at $14,438.
FLOUR— California . family extras, $404 15;
bakers' extras, $3 9004; Oregon and "Washing
ton, $303 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 20; Oat
Groats, $4 40; Hominy, $3 2503 50: Buckwheat
Flour, $4-?4 2": Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 8506 2",; ln sacks, $5 6506 05; Pearl
Barley. $.": Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market Is a puzzle to the dealers.
The weather is "dry; receipts have fallen off,
and still the market remains dead. Buyers
do not seem to want any.
Bran and Middlings are firm, but no higher.
BRAN— $18*719 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 9 60020 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26027 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J31031 50; Job
bing, $32032 60; Cocoanut Cake, $24025; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28®30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50
©24 60; Cracked Corn, $24025; Mixed Feed,
$19 50020.
CALIFORNIA Wheat, $16017 for good
to choice and $13015 for lower grades; no
fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $13016; Oat.
$12014; Island Barley, $13014; Alfalfa, Jill©
1150: Stock, '$10; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $12 600-13 50; Cheat,
$1160012; Grass Hay, $10; Oat, $11 50012 50;
Clover. $10*711 50; Timothy, $10 50012 per ton.
STRAW— 6OO7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
' Beans are dull and unchanged. . Flaxseed Is
on the market again. Otherwise there ls noth
ing new in Seeds.. 7 ..?.■ .7":
BEANS— Bayos, $1 8001 90; Small Whites,
$2 1002 16; Large Whites, $1 7501 85; Pinks, $2
02 05; Reds, $3 2503 50; Blackeye, '$3 76; But
ters, $2 255 2 60; Limas. $3.2003 25; Pea, $2 35©
2 60; Red Kidneys, $2 4002 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 5004 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 7504; Flax. $2 1502 25; Ca
nary Seed, 2Vio2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 808% c;
Rape.' 2%©2% c; Hemp. 2%fS3c; Timothy, 6©6% c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 6501 70; Green, $2 10
per ctl. , ! '.' Y-y'/ : . ■??? 7r
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts of Asparagus are steadily Increas
ing and prices are declining.- Other Vegetables
are in small supply. Onions are firmer. Po
tatoes are steady at the prices.
Hothouse Cucumbers ' from - San Joee are
bringing $2 per dozen. 7 V ;V- „ •
POTATOES— 1001 15 per ctl for Early
Rose, $10110 per sack for River Burbanks;
Sonoma and Marin Burbanks, 90c@$l 10 per ctl;
Oregon. $101 16: Sweet Potatoes, 6001 65 for
Merced; New Potatoes, 1%02%c per lb.
ONIONS— 6OOBSc per sack; ; Oregon, 75c©$l
per CtL
VFOETABLES- Asparagus, 15040 c per lb;
Green Peas, 8010 c; String Beans, ; Cab
bage. 40050 c; Tomatoes. $101 60 for Los Ange
les; Egg Plant, 10©12% c per lb; Garlic. 4©6 c
per lb; Dried Okra. 15c per lb: Green Peppers,
per lb; Dried Peppers, 7©12% c; Carrots,
25035 c per sack; Mushrooms, nominal.
POULTRY AND GAME. ■
. ■'-'■'
Game is still dull? being out of favor. Poul
try Is steady at the good prices.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry sold at $707 50
for Hens, $7 50@8 for young Roosters, $5 50 for
old Roosters, $5 50 for Ducks, and 18014 c for
Turkeys. '- 7' ' i"Hl JClTEW *LU*^ r ~^Tlii ß_[Tairli
POULTRY— Turkeys." 14©16o; live
Turkeys. 13014 c for Gobblers * and 13<gil4c for
Hens: Geese, per pair, $1 6001 75; Ducks, $4 50
©5 50: Hens, $5 50©6 50; young Roosters, $6 50
©7 50; old Roosters, $4 50@5 50; Fryers, $5 50"?
6; Broilers, $505 50 for large, $3 5004 60 for
small; Pigeons, $1 6001 75 per dozen for old
and $2 25@2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— $101 50; Mallard. $304; Can
vasback, $2 5004: Sprig, $101 50; Teal. $101 25:
Widgeon. $151 Small Duck, 75C0J1; Eng
lish Snipe. $3: Jack Snipe, $1 25: Gray Geese,
$2 50; White Geese. $1; Brant, $1 2501 50: Honk
ers, $3 6004; Hare, $10125; Rabbits, $150 for
Cottontails, and $1 for small.
"i - 7 BUTTER, CHEESE - AND EGGS.
Eggs are doing better on account of the de
mand for Montana and Chicago, and a num
ber of ears are being loaded for these points.
The demand ls due to the cold wave in the
East. Prices have a narrow range and at
present there is little or no difference be
tween store and ranch. There is no scarcity,
however.
Butter and Cheese show no change, though
the former is easy and quieter.
BUTTER— ..v'
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 27%©28 c; sec
onds, 26027 c. •.."•..-.•
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 24025 c; common
grades, 17022 c.
Pickled Goods— 16017 c; pickled roll,
14 "J 16c for dairy and 16017 c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 19c.
Eastern Butter— packed, 13Va014c per
lb; Elgin, nominal. ■■: - ■"-■-'
CHEESE— Choice mild new. U%@l2c; old. 10
©lie; Cream Cheddar. 12ff?12"_c; Young Amer
ica, 12013 c; Eastern, 10012 c.
EGGS— Quoted at 14015 c per dozen. Early
In the day some sold down to 13c, but in the
afternoon few could be obtained under 14c.
.. DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apples, Oranges and Lemons are In good sup
ply and quiet. Limes are in moderate stock.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— for common, $101 25 per box
for No. 1 and $1 6001 75 for choice.
Pears— 7sc®2.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 6002 73
per box; Seedlings, 75c©Jl 50; Mandarins. $1 25
©1 75; Lemons, 75c®l 60 for common and $2®
2 60 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6;
California Limes, 50c© Jl per small box; Grape
Fruit, $2; Bananas, $1 2502 50 , per bunch;
Pineapples, $204 50 per dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Everything ls in light stock except Prunes,
which continue the qulestest fruit on the list.
There are not many Apples and Peaches left,
and they are very firm. Nuts are also scarce
and firm. ! Raisins are quiet, and Honey is dull.
.DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 6%c for 40-50' s, 4%
©4%c for 60-60's, 3%03%c for 60-70' s, 2%<g3c for
70-80's, >%©2% c for 80-90's, 2S2V»c for 90-100*8
and 1%..0 for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 2*_o
sc; Peaches, 7%©8% C for good to choice, 9®9%0
for fancy and — — for peeled; Apricots, 10©12% c
for Royals and 13% c for Moorpark; Evaporated
Apples, 7%*28 c; sun dried, 605% c; Black Figs,
sacks, 2(g2%c; Plums, 4%®6c for pitted and
I©l%C for unpltted; Nectarines, out; Pears,
nominal. --.-'.■..*:. >,' ~:y.
RAISINS— 3%o for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 6%c for four-crown, 5%®6%c for Seed
less Sultanas, . 4%c for' Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%03c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, 708.
for hardshell. - 9010 c for softshell: Almonds,
7*"***. for hardshell. 13(iT14c for softshell. 15016 c
for paper-shell; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern and
4',j's. for California: Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb, 10011 c . for bright and B©9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, - 6%@
7c; . light .amber extracted, 6c; dark, 505% c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24O26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The advance In the raw products does not
affect the market in the least, and dealers re
port trade dull, with ample stocks on hand.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7%c per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10,.c
for extra light and 12'gl2%'c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 9©loc: Mess Beef, $9 50 per bbl; ex
tra Mess Beef. $10; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork. $11; extra clear, $16; mess, $15;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb..
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4*405% c per lb for
compound and 7®Bc tor pure; half-barrels, pure,
B%c; 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins, B%C.^__B«
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%&6% c; packages
less than 300 lbs, lib pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-Ib palls, 20 in a case, »%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in, a
case, B%c: 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
The New York Hop market is thus quoted
by mall:. "The market continued to show a
firm tone, with advices from New York State
markets showing strong conditions. There was
some inquiry from exporters as well as brew
ers, and the market- presented a fairly ac
tive appearance. Prices were generally un
changed. The 1898 crop of choice New York
State hops was quoted at 16017 c, with prime
standing at lc under that. range. Pacific Coast'
hops, crop 1597, are very scarce, and, In fact,
' practically out of the market, and the quo
tations for such hops was 8012 c. Pacifies of
choice grade, 1898, were obtainable at from
17®18c."
Hides are steady and unchanged. Wool is
dull at the old prices.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers 10c; medium, 9c; light, B©B%c; Cow
hides? B%®9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; Culls and Brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10030 c each; short
Wool, 35060 c each; medium, 70090 c; long Wool,
90c©$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75Q2 tor
large and $1 for small; Colts, 25050 c; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 2501 75 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— 1 rendered, 3VjC per lb; No. 2,
8c; refined, 4%@5c; Grease, 2'g: i
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months, 7® 9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months B©9c; Foothill and Northern, free, 10®
12c- Foothill and Northern, defective, 9011 c:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14015 c; Nevada, 10®
12c- Eastern Oregon, 10012 c.
Fall Wools— y ; --■- , _;;
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 ©11
Northern Mountain.... 6%© 9
Southern f- © J*
Plains • 6 0 6
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10011 c per lb for ordinary,
12®12%c for good and 13015 c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 8%*?5%c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quentin
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; 'Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch $8; Cumberland, $8 60®9 In bulk and
$10®10'25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Ekk. $14: Canal, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in
bulk and $14 ln sacks. _--, ~. ,
CORDAGE— 9c; Sisal, B%c; Duplex,
I\Aq l*)£_.S Is
CANNED FRUITS-Cherries, $1 35@1 50 for
black and $1 60®1 80 for white; Peaches, $1 40®
75; Pears. $1 45®1 50; Apricots, . $1 35@1 60;
PI CANNEI?* VEGETABLES-Peas, Ssc®sl 25;
Asparagus. . $1 60® 1 75; Tomatoes, 85@90c.
COFFEE— . Rica— nominal for
prime washed; 13%®14%c nominal .'? for good
washed; 12%@15c for good to prime washed
peaberry; ll@U%c for good peaberry; • lli_.ri.".c
for good to prime; 10®llc nominal for good
current • mixed with black, beans; 9@10%c for
fair- s%ifißV4c for common to ordinary. Salva
dor—lo« nominal for good to prime washed;
( -%c for fair washed; 10 , - 2 '~ill%c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 8%®8%c nominal for
superior unwashed; 8-5 "% c for good green un
washed; 9%®10c for good to prime- unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— B@B%e nominal for good
to superior unwashed; 9%010c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— l6@l7%c for prime to fancy
washed new crop; !2®14%c for good to strictly
good washed new crop; old crop-10%®14c for
good to strictly good washed; 9@10%c for fair
washed; 7®B%c for medium; 6®6%c for Inferior
to ordinary; 10@ll%c for good to prime washed
peaberry; 9%@10c for good unwashed peaberry;
_08% c for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c; cases, se
lected 4%c; imitation Eastern, 5%c; bonelesf,
6%c; 'strips. 6%@7%c; blocks, 5%®7c; tablets,
7%c; middles. 6%®8%c per lb; desiccated, 87% c
per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod, half barrels, each, : $4 50. -
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 25®28c per lb;
Sole Leather, medium, 24® 25c; Sole Leather,
light. 23®25c; rough Leather, heavy, _44*"_*.;
rough Leather, light, 23@24c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 325J34c; Harness Leather, medium, 30®
32c; Harness Leather, light. 27®29c; Collar
Leather. 14-?l6e per foot; Kip, finished, 40®45c
per lb; Veal, finished. 50@55c; Calf, finished,
75c®$l; Sides, finished, 16®17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits. 14@16c: Rough Splits, B®loc.
California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 54c: raw, 52c;
cases-, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra winter strained,
barrels, 66c; No. 1. 48c; cases, 6c more; China
Nut, 45®55c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 85c; cases, 70c; No. '1, barrels, 65c; •
cases, 60c; Sperm,, crude, 60c; natural white,
40c; bleached white, 45c: Whale Oil, natural
white, 40c; bleached white, 45c: Pacific Rubber
Mixed' Paints, white and house I colors, $125®
135. per gallon; , wagon i colors, ,s2@2 25 per
gallon. ■''.*. '-•'" ''. ■' ;•*•;." • -. -° :
. PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA— White Coal Oil, In bulk. 12% c per
gallon: Pearl Oil, In cases, 17% c; Astral Oil/
17% c: Star Oil, 17% c; Extra Star Oil. 21% c;
Elaine Oil. 22% c; Eocene Oil, 19% c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, • in bulk. 15% c; In cases, : 21c;
Benzine, In bulk, 15c; cases, 20c: 86-degree
Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; In cases, 26c. ' ' '. -..
CANDLES— Electric. Light Candles, 6s, 18 os,
7%c; 6s, 14 ox, 6%c; 6s. 12 oz, 6c; 6s, 10 oz,
6%c. Granite (mining) Candles— 6s, 16 oz, 9%c;
6s, 14 oz, B%c; 6s. 12 oz. 7%c; 6s, 10 oz, 6%c;
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s. 4s, 6s, white,
9%c: 12s, 10"4 c; colored, -lc higher. ; <•-'--*■
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6*?7c per lb.
* TURPENTINE— In cases, 61c; in Iron barrels,
69c; In wooden barrels, 61c per gallon.
' LUCOL— Boiled. - - barrels, 49c; raw, barrels,
47c: cases. 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
and $3Sif?3B 60 for export.
. SUGAR— The Western . Sugar - Refining- - Com*.
pany quotes, terms net cash: I Cube, Crushed
' and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c: Con
fectioners' A, 5%c; California A, 5%c; Magno
lia A, 5%c; Extra C, 6%c; Golden C, 5%c; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes ;%c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent.
LUMBER
. LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $15@18; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $17 for No. 1 and $14@15 for No.; 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $2 20@2 30; Pickets, $14; Shingles,
$1 35 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Shakes,
for split and $10 60 for sawn; Rustic, $15
©21. *•-.'-■
COTTON— of 6520 bales, valued at
$229,000, to Japan. ?/y,-yy~y .
. SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
. There is no particular advance. In anything,
but the whole list Is firm. Cattle are dying 7
In Eastern Oregon, and .the three coast States
are now drawing, on , Nevada? for Beef. Hogs
are very stiff and still higher prices are not
unlikely. Mutton, Veal and Lamb are ln light
receipt. . ;-:;
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: i*-y '.- '■-.'; ;•'-■ :■
BEEF— 7@Bc per lb. .
VEAL— and small. B@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9@9%c; Ewes. 8%@90.
LAMB— per lb for yearlings and 160 for
spring. i.'.-i- "--•>. . '..yy.yy
PORK— "Hogs, 5@6%c for large, 5%c for
medium and 4%@5c for small; stock Hogs,
4%_"4%c; dressed Hogs, 6%"?8c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday. February 14.
Flour, qr sks ... 2,645 Wool' bales ..... 109
Barley, ctls. ..... 1,690 Pelts, bdls ' 96
Rye, ctls 460 Hides, no ........ ■ 947
Cheese, ctls 24 Sugar, sks ....... 1,025
Butter, ctls 231 Sugar, bbls 33
Tallow, ctls ..... 8 Eggs, doz 12,480
Beans, sks 245 1 Quicksilver, flsks 264
Potatoes, sks ... 6,727 Leather, rolls ... 108
Onions, sks' ' 155 Lime, bbls 182
Bran, sks 1,430 1 Chicory, bbls — 55
Middlings, sks .. 650 Wine, gals ...... 90,050
Hay, tons ........ 181 Powder, car ; 1
Straw, tons .;... 4 1 ■•;
. OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 16.793! Wheat, ctls ..... 8,530
Potatoes, sks ... 6,059 Barley, ctls " 10,615
Onions, sks '.'... . ' 178 l Oats, ctls 80
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Helena F. Golden to Judah Boas, lot on NW.
corner of Waller ahd Lott streets, ' N 90, E to
W line of roadway* around Buena Vista Park,
as per order 2761. Board of Supervisors, *SE to
N line of Waller. W 114.58; $1.  -
Judah Boas and F. N. Rogers to Adele L.
Rogers (wife .of Francis N.) and Isabella M.
Rogers, lot on,E line of Central avenue (Lott),
60 N of Waller street, N 30,. E 63, SE to point,
W 70; $10. :-.
C. E. and Janet Knickerbocker to Timothy
J. Crowley, lot on. W line of Central avenue
(Lott), 150 S of Haight street, S 25 by.E 112:6;
$10. •
Orville D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Margaret
K. ■ Foulkes. lot on E line of • Spruce street,
107:7% S oi Sacramento, S 25 by E 112:6; $10.
Anna L. and Thomas H. Byrne to James
Davidson, lot on S- line of- Twenty-second
street, 125 E of Guerrero, E 25 by S 114; $10.
Bernard and Elizabeth Reynolds to William
and Eleanor Keegan, lot on N line of Twenty
seventh street, 320 E of Church, E 26 by N 114;
$10. - ■■-. ' ■■ . y/y" *••*>•.;"?
John W. Ring to Ellen Ring, lot on E line
of Stockton street. 25- S of Francisco, 525 by
E 77:6; $1. * .
Mary E. and Lucy E. Ring, Eulalie A. Hoop
er (Ring) and Grace E. Nott (Ring) to same,
same; $10. • .-."->-. ...
Estate of William Kreling. by Ernestine
Kreling. administratrix, to A. Rudgear, lot
commencing 90 feet from SW corner. Forty-third
avenue and A street, thence W on Forty-third
avenue 97:11, NE 92. E 75:6 to beginning; also
lot on E line of Utah street, 300 N of Augusta,
E 100 by N 50; also lot on E line of Twelfth
avenue, 87:6 N from the west line of L street;
N 37:6, E 120, S 43:5%;. .NW 120:3; $1450. '
Solomon and Dora Getzto David and Emma
Stang. lot on S line of H street, 32:6 W of
Eighth avenue, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Minerva S. Hobron to Lucy M., S. Harris,
Bell D. and William W. Hobron, lot on N
line of Thirty-third 'avenue, 150 E of J street,
E 25 by N 100, being', lot 31, ■ block 660, Bay
Park Homestead Association; gift.
Same to same, lot on S line of Perry street,
625 E of Third. E 25 by S 75; gift.
Same to same, lot on E line of Eureka street,
110 S of Twenty-second, E 115:9 by S 50; gift.
Same to same, lot on E line of Gould street.
75 S -of Paul avenue. S 25 by E 100, being lot
28, block 2, Garden Tract Homestead Associa
tion; gift. >;: .■*: ,-■".•.;:
Mary E. Williams to- John Pfenninger, lot
on SE corner of Wayland and William streets,
E 120 by S 100, being lot 8, block 119, Univer
sity Homestead Association; $10. ..7'.':.
Alameda County.
J. M. and Mary I). Bartlett to Ray Schwars
baum (wife of E.),. lot on W line of Adeline
street, 249 N of Fourteenth,' N 35 by W 128:3,
block 687, Oakland: $10. .--.'•:.'■
Harvey L.. Joseph L.. George C. and Frank
W. Ross and R. C. Hall to Mary F. Childs,
Harriet S. Hall and Mary L. Twyman, lot on
N line of Twenty-eighth street. 75 W of Myr
tle, W 50 by N 100. Oakland; gift.
Caroline and .Emlle . Raffestln . to George
Roeth. lot on N line of Temescal avenue, 133:4
W of Maple street, W 33:4 by N 150. being por
tion Temescal- Park. Oakland Annex: $200.
John P. Beckett to Sanford A. Burnham. lot
on S line- of Thirty-seventh street, 284.95 E of
Market, E 40 by S 150. being the W 10 feet of
lot 13 and E 30 feet of lot 14, Beckett's Second
Addition to Oakland, Oakland Annex; $10. .
Charles Camden to Edwin C. Tlmerman, lot
on NW corner at Wals worth avenue. 70 NE
of Bayo Vista. NE 60 by NW 125, being the NE
30 feet of lot 6 and SW 30 feet of lot 7, block
B, Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland Annex; $10.
George and Elizabeth J. McKenzle to R.O.
Gray, lot 14, block 19. ' Warner . Tract, subject
to deed of trust for $800, Brooklyn Township;
grant.
• R. O. and Mary Gray to W. H. Buehler,
same, Brooklyn Township; grant. ■ ■
Albert and Anna Deblcke to Ami Vignler and
Mary Elsen (executors of estate of Francis T.
Elseh),- lot on E line of St. Charles street. 225
S of Railroad avenue, S 60, E 155.30, N 50, W
154.40 to beginning, being lot 76, Enclnal Park
Tract, Alameda; $1000.
James Flannery to Daniel F. and Mary A.
McCarthy, lot on W line of Campbell street,
64 S of Sixteenth, 8 25 by W. 115, block 728- A,
Oakland; $800.
- M.' H. Eastman, trustee, to Henry Meyer,
lot on N line of Fifth street, 379 W of Mag
nolia. W 125 by N 101. being lots 3 to 7, block
409,. Briggs Tract Map No. 2, Oakland; $10.
Lucy R. and Mary A. Simpson to Frances
E. Knowles (wife of O. L.) t lot on SE corner
of Simpson avenue and Grove street, E 78.50
by S 25, being lot 22, Simpson Tract, Oakland;
$10.
George A. - Stone to Rachael C. Stone, lot 15,
in plat 14, .section A, Mountain .View Ceme
tery, Oakland Township; grant. '
F. and Magdellne Deininger to Rose Warford,
lot on- N line of Santa Clara avenue, 100 E of
Benton street, extended E. thence E 35 by N
100. Alameda; gift. .
Julius A. and Elizabeth. H.Remmel to Rich
ard G. Hlllman, lot on S line of Enclnal ave
nue, 233:4 E of Post street, E 66:8 by 8 85:8.
Alameda; $10." ? ? • ■;' -y. 7' ,
Builders' Contracts.
Henry Hickman (owner) with W. R. Kenny
(contractors), plans by owner— All work for a
2-story frame building, with brick foundation
and shop In rear on lot on S line of Sacramento
street, 184 W of Cherry, S 132, W 25, N 132 E
to beginning; $2191.
McCann, Belcher & Allen, a corporation,
(owners) with Andrew Wllkle Jr. (contractor);
architect, Albert Farr— Carpentry, brick work,
excavations, glazing for a 3-story frame fac
tory on lot SW corner Bush and Mason streets,
S 87:6, W 42:2, N 27, E 14:9%, N 60, E 27:4%;
$2527. -
B. L. and Karen N. Hon! (owners) with J. B.
Ogborn' (contractor and architect)— All work
for a 1%-story and basement frame cottage
on lot S line X street, 32:6 W of Ninth avenue,
W 25 by 100, O.L. 777; $1100. ■;.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
L C Oilman, Seattle I A L Stone, Oakland
Miss Warburton, Tac G S Sawyer, Chgo
R N Cowan, Butte ■-■ |S G Berton, Sn Jose
F A Goldsmith, Paugh F F Berton, Stent
PL Parker, Livermore! Mrs L Cohen. Montrv
W B Armstrong, Seat I X Kendrlck, Glenn
John Mclntyre, Sac IG E Caldwell, wf. Nap
G W Beuth, wf. Bosn J B Ha wes, Seattle
M Lovack, Trinity. A R Evans. Stktn
B Kirk, wf. San Jose A Anderson, Seattle
A Macdonald, Oakld L G Smith, Georgetn
W R Gose, wf, Spgfd L E Hart, Berkeley
Miss H i Gose, Spgfd I A C Polk, wf, Stcktn
M McGregor, Detroit C X Cedman, Pinole
G McGregor, Detroit W A Hathaway & wf.
Miss W Noble. San R New York
Jas Touhey, Sac S P Anderson, N V
C L Hoska. Tacoma H H Schmidt, Fresno
W G Church. Tacoma J X Kendrlck, Gertn
S P Roland. San Jose I
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs B S Grosscup, , C XV Strlne, Phila
Tacoma . Mrs Strlne, Phila
W B Fisher. Auburn Slg Schummel, N V
C P Beaslau, S Jose W D Rogors, Phila
C A Sheets, San Jose H White, Seattle
Ed L Howe, Boston . Mr Lakser,- London
Dr Ney Churchman, Mr ■ Shleslnger, Siberia
Portland . J Curtis, City
J MacLafferty, Chgo Mrs Curtis, City
A Thlele. Chicago • **" C Najen, Indnpls
Miss Payne, Phila , C W T Rae. US N
J H Pennell. G RpdsiH Laub, Louisville , »
T J T Huteson, Neb A W More, Tesla
Dr T "Zlegfeld, Chgo H Pitcher, Livermore
Mrs Zlegfeld. Chicago !G H Bradt, Clncln
Miss Zlegfeld. Chgo ; A ■■' Levlnsky. Stockton
M P Baas. City R D Davis, Sac
Miss H W Bass. City CM Sain. Nevada
i \ NEW WESTERN HOTEL
J Quinn, Stockton . Miss Blrwald. NY
S Gordon. Bouldln Isld C Zarralls, Oroville
W Drow, Red Bluff J Stackpole. Dmd Spgs
A Wllklns. Reno. Nev E W Deuf. L Angeles
C A Campbell. Plttsbg C Watson, Dixon '
Mrs Painter, ■ Courtlnd J L Hammond, Tacma
A ' Van Auken, Courtld F Donaldson, Seattle
M McDonald, S Helna N Phelan. Los Ang
A Meyer, St Helena J Boyle, Stockton
C Meyer, St Helena .....
Free lunches •in Atlanta saloons must
be limited to crackers, cheese, pretzels,
pickles -and, sausage.- '-..,- ■_;>;.;?-
The average monthly wage of -ale
teachers in Illinois ln 1898 was $60 87, and
of female teachers $51 84. •
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were firm all along the line
i and higher prices were paid for Spring Valley
Water. Contra Costa Water, Oceanic Steam
ship. Equitable Gas and Mutual Electric. Busi
ness was good as usual.
• There was increased activity in mining
stocks, accompanied by an advance ln prices,
especially marked in Mexican, Ophir and Con.
Cal. & Va. -
The Belcher Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10c per share, delinquent In of
flce March 21. ' •' ,
STOCK AND BOND' EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, February 14.
Bid. Ask. I • • Bld.Ask.
• Bonds— " * Cent L & P... 15 15%
Is quar c0up.. 113 - |Eqult G L Co. 10 -.10%
4s quar reg .. — — Mutual El Co. 10% 15%
is quar new... - 130 Oakland Gas.. 49% 50
Is quar c0up..107%10S Pac Gas Imp.. — 84%
-Miscellaneous— IPac L C 0...... 4" —
Cal-st Cab 55..114 - • IS F G & E.... 84% -
Cal Eiec 85..i.125%127% San Fran .... 3% — .
C C Waf55....106%107% Stockton Gas. 11% —
Dup-st ex c... — — Insurance— „ .
E L & P 65... 130% — Flrem's Fund.217%220
F&CI Ry 68.116% - Bank Stocks- _
Geary-st R ss. - 102 Anglo-Cal .... — 68
H C & S 6%5. — 105 BanK of Ca1..257%259
LAL Co 65.. ■—' - :al SD & T.. 97 9S
Do gntd 65..101%102 First Nationl.2l6 220
Market-st 65... 127% — Lon & A. ..133 —
Do Ist M ,"3.-116% — 'Mer Exchange — IS
NCN G R 7s. 107 — [Nev Nat 8k..175 —
N Ry- Cal 65.-.113%114»4 1 Savings Banks—
NRy Cal 55..112%113%'Ger S & t,.'AMO I*so
VPC R R 104% — |Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R "s.l"l'_lo2 'Mutual Say..' — 41%
N Cal R R Ss.lOO — ■■• S F Say U-. 495 —
Oak Gas 55... 110 — S& L 50.... — 102%
Dm Ry 6s 129 — Security S B 300 350
P&CI Ry 65.. 106% — Union T C 0. .1375 1470
p & O 65.. ....117 — Street Railroads-.
Powell-st ..122%— California ....111".—
Sac Elßy.Ss. -r- —'Geary ....45 —
SF& N P .110% — Market-st 61% 62
.9 F& S JV05.112% — Oak S H &L. — —
SlerraßCal 65. 1044106% Presidio 10% —
S P of Ar 65.. 111% — Powder— '" -. '•".''.
S P C65(1905-6)113% — California ....147% —
3 P C 6s (1912)122% — IE Dynamite... 87% —
5 P C Is eg 58.106 . — | Slant Con Ca. 60% — -
3PBr 6s 124 125 Vigorit 2% .2%
3 V Water 65..U9%120 • Miscellaneous—
S V Water 45..103% — lAI Pac Assn..— 112
3 V W45(3dm)'101%102% 3er Ld Wk5. ..250 —
Stktn' Gas .106 — 'Hana PI C 0... 17% 18%
Water Stocks— |H C & S Co.. 71% 71%
Contra Costa.. 65% 66 - Hutch S P Co.. 33% 33%
Marin Co ...... 60 — - ;Mer Ex Assn. 90 — -
Spring Valley. lol% — (Oceanic S Co. 75% 76%
Gas & Electric— Pac A A.... 1 1%
Capital Gas..,— — IPac C Bor Co.loo —
Cent Gaslight. los — [Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Morning Session.-
Board — •?':?.•> •■'•••' -j.
• 6 Contra Costa Water.............. 85 50
10 Equitable Gaslight 10 37%
140 Equitable Gaslight ' 10 50
215 Hana Plantation Co ;.... 18 12%
70 Hutchinson 8 P Co .....3350
$1000 Market-street Ry Con 5s Bonds 117 00
80 Market-street Railway 6150
250 Mutual Electric Light ..;.: 16.00
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 75
.80 Mutual Electric Light "... '..15 62% |
890 Mutual Electric .Light .' ...15 50.
60 Oakland Gas .....49 60
50 Oceanic Steamship Co ;.'.... ' 75 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co.. :.... 84 00
45 8 F Gas & Electric Co 84 12%
$2000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 110 50
125 Spring Valley Water .'. 10125
Street— 7 ■ • --;..?.' ,'.."■'■", S^j,
145 Spring Valley Water 7 10112%
$3000 S P of A 80nd5..... 112 00
60S F Gas & Electric Co 84 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — •:.:.'-;
•• 20 Contra Costa Water 65 50
25 California Safe Deposit 97 50
50 Equitable Gaslight .10 25
150 Hana Plantation Co '.. 18 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 71 75
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 7150
25 Market-street Railway 61 75
20 Market-street Railway 6187%
60 Mutual Electric Light 15 62%
60 Oakland Gas 49 87%
30 Oceanic Steamship Co '.. 75 75
20 Pacific Gas Imp 84 00
- 120 F Gas & Electric Co ;..... 84 12%
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 25
$1000 8 V 4 per cents bonds (3d m0rt)....102 12%
Street—
100 Central Light & Power '.. 15 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
>'*??'?.'■ Morning Session.
Board —
100 Mutual Electric Light ................ 15 62%
75 Mutual Electric Light 15 75
25 Market-street Railway 61 50 .
25 California Safe Deposit ... .98 50
125 Equitable Gaslight .'. 10 00
40 Hutchinson S P Co 33 25
25 Hutchinson 8 P Co ;..' 33 37%
Afternoon Session. ■'-.
Board—
160 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 71 50 i
10 California Safe Deposit ....... ...... 98 75
60 Mutual Electric Light 15 75
SO Mutual Electric Light .15 12%
65 Mutual Electric Light 19 00
165 Equitable Gaslight .; 10 60
130 Equitable Gaslight 10 62%
125 Equitable Gaslight '. ...10 75
"T'y : . MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: yy? '7
Morning Session. .
100 Andes 19 1200 Justice 13
200 Belcher 20 400 Mexican 59
200 Best & Belcher. 57 200 Ophlr 105
100 Challenge ....... 20 100 Ophir .110
100 Chollar 37 100 Potosi 23
100 Con Cal & Va.. 2 10 100 Sierra Nevada.. 8S
200 Crown Point 20 200 Sierra Nevada.. 87
400 Gould & Curry. 39 j 200 Union Con 46
100 Hale & Norcross 34 ' 100 Utah 20
Afternoon Session. 7 .
200 Andes 21 300 Hale & Norcross 35
200 Belcher 241700 Justice 14
200 Best & Belcher. 63 600 Mexican 70
200 Best & Belcher. 621300 Mexican 71
200 Bullion — 06 ! 300 Occidental 28
400 Challenge ....... 22|800 Ophir 120
400 Chollar 41 1 400 Potosi 29
200 Con Cal & Va.. 2 1300 Savage 30
20 Con Cal & Va..2 25 400 Savage 31
300 Crown Point .... 23 400 Sierra Nevada.. 95
300 Gould & Curry-- 43 .500 Union Con 52
400 Hale & Norcross 36,100 Utah 20
Following were the sales in the Paciflo Stock
Board yesterday: yy.;Y • y..y
Morning Session.
300 Andes 19 |J00 Hale A Norcross 34
800 Andes 20 GOO Hale & Norcross 85
300 Belcher 20 300 Mexican 60
200 Belcher 21 200 Mexican 63
300 Belcher 22 500 Mexican 64
200 Best & Belcher. 66 600 Mexican 65
600 Best & Belcher. 57 300 Mexican 66
500 Best & Belcher. - 68 200 Mexican 67
100 Best & Belcher. 61 700 Ophlr ; 107%
400 Best & Belcher. 60 UOO Ophlr 110
300 Caledonia 331400 Ophir 105
600 Challenge Con.. .19 300 Ophlr .115
300 Challenge Con.. 20 200 Ophir 112%
200 Challenge Con.. 21 800 Potosi 24
!00 Chollar 38 400 Potosi 23
"00 Chollar 37 300 Potosi 25
800 Con Cal & Va. .2 10,200 Savage 29
300 Con Cal & Va.. 2*05 300 Savage 31
200 Con Cal & Va.. 2 151500 Sierra Nevada.. 88
--200 Crown Point ... 19,400 Sierra Nevada.. 87
400 Crown Point ... 20 200 Sierra Nevada.. S9
300 Gould A Curry.. 38 200 Sierra Nevada.. 93
500 Gould & Curry.. 39 200 Silver Hill 04
300 Gould & Curry.. 40 400 Union Con 48
300 Gould & Curry.. 42 500 Union Con 49
4GO Hale & Norcross 33 200 Utah 20
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 22 100 Gould A Curry.. 42
400 Belcher 24 600 MexlAn 70
300 Belcher ... 23 1 300 Mexican  69
300 Best & Belcher. 61 800 Ophir 115
300 Best & Belcher. 60 j 2OO Ophir 112%
500 Bullion 06 500 Potosi ........... 27
400 Chollar 40 1200 Savage 30
300 Chollar 39 200 Sierra Nevada.. 95
200 Con Cal & Va..2 20 1 »00 Union Con ...... 60
200 Con Cal & Va.. 2 15 300 Union Con ...... 61
200 Confidence 76 1 . -/y-.','.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Feb. 14—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Alpha 06 08 Julia 02 04
Alta 10 12 Justice 13 14
Andes 21 22 Kentuck 10 v
Belcher 23 25 Lady Wash .... — 06
Benton Con 05 — Mexican 7. 73
Best A Belcher 60 62 1 Occidental 27 29
Bullion 05. 06 Ophlr 115 120
Caledonia 32 35 Overman 09 10
Chollar 40 41 Potosi 28 29
Challenge Con. 21 22 Savage 29 30
Confidence — 80 1 Scorpion 03 —
Con <"al & Va.2 15 220 '; Seg Belcher ... 04 05
Con Imperial .. — 02 1 Sierra Nevada. 92 93
Crown Point .. 21 22 Silver Hill ..... — 05-
Con New York. — 04 Syndicate - — 10 1
Eureka Con ... — 40 Standard ... 275 —
Exchequer — 04 1 Union Con .... 50 61
Gould & Curry. 42 43 Utah 19 fl
Hale A Norcrs. 34 35 1 Yellow Jacket. 22 25
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
ln the
'Board.
Day of
Sale.
es
liar I
age
c & Norcross. |
ra Nevada....
■Ice-".... ..|
i
! 2
48
96
1
| 115
64
|61
26
..Jan. 19:.. Jan. 24
..Jan. 24 ..Feb. Hi
..Feb. 3 ..Feb. fl
..Feb. 4 ..Feb. «
..Feb.- ..Mar. 13
..Feb. 20!.. Mar 1"
!..Mar. 9 ..Apr. *
..Mar. ..Apr. 5
..Mar. 14 ..Apr. ..
OS
18
10
15
20
ii."
05
llenffe ...I
;her |
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
February,; 1899. -
Su
II
19
T
We
"T
.8
16
23
8
10
11 j
___J
•JJ 1
jiooa-ti Phase*
CL--t Quarter.
'tt- February I.
fS\ "Jew Moon.
j W February 10.
Quarter.
February 17.
©Full Moon.:
•A' February
-'
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
. . .. w
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Offlce, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense. . . ,
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
" v ' ■•; W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V. -S. N., in charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
January 11, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
. Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Pin
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of I tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. "FEBRUARY 15.
Sun rises 6:59
Sun sets .'. .' 5:49
Moon sets a. m.
I I
» I
? J
15 ...
16 ...
17 ...
3:00
-3:46
4:40
6:41
L W
0:22
' 1:30
I 2:29
6.5 12:00
5.4 . 1:06
H W
3.1 6:42
3.11 7:39
I 3.1 8:31
5..
1.1
Time Time
Ft. i Ft. Ft.
H W L, W
0.8 4:00 4.1 9:08 ( 2.3
0.7 5:24 3.8 10:00 2.7
0.5 * 6:58 3.8 11:091 30
0.3 8:19 4.0 |
." L, W H w
| 5.3 2:01 0.2 9:14 4.3
5.3 2:491 0.1 9:53 4.5
| 5.41 3:25] 0.0 10:29] 4.8
Ft.
18 ...
19 ...
20 ...
21 ...|
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
' hand column, and the successive tides of the
I flay in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the sounding? on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
____—____———_-— — _^_— _—_——_—— —————— —_——-__——————— _l
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Czarina... ISeattle 'Feb. 14
I Mineola.- Tacoma (Feb. 14
A. Blanehard..[Coos Bay Feb 14
C. Nelson IPuget Sound Feb. 14
Coos Bay Newport [Feb. li
Willamette ISeattle Feb. 13
Newburg (Grays Harbor Feb. 15
Areata ICoos Bay Feb. 15
Del Norte ..[Grays Harbor Feb. 1",
Wellington [Departure Bay Feb. 15
Samoa Humboldt .....'. Feb. 15
Chilkat .....I Humboldt (Feb. 15
Queen [Victoria & Puget Sound: Feb. 16
Point Arena 'Point Arena .....[Feb. 16
Pomona (Humboldt (Feb. 16
j Fulton ....'Portland .; Feb. 16
: Washtenaw..... (Tacoma Feb. 17
North F0rk..... Humboldt Feb. 17
Corona San Diego Feb. 17
National City.. [Grays Harbor Feb. 17
Progreso [Seattle (Feb. IS
Columbia (Portland Feb. 19
Orizaba Newport ....(Feb. 19
Leelanaw Seattle | Feb. 19
Bristol.... Departure Bay Feb. 19
Alliance .-. Portland ...(Feb. 19
City of Para... [Panama (Feb. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 20
[ Santa Rosa San Diego IFeb. 21
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound|Feb. 21
<~"tty of Peking. China and Japan Feb. ?l
State of Ca1.... Portland IFeb. 24
I Weeott.... [Coos Bay 'Feb. 21
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
A. Blanc'd.JCoos Bay IFeb. 15. 5 pm!
Santa RosafSan Diego...:. (Feb. 15, 11 am:
Umatilla ..Vic & Pgt Sd.lFeb. 15, 10 ami
Aloha [Point Arena.. 'Feb. 15. 3 pm!
Chilkat [Humboldt IFeb. 16, 2pm
Weeott ..... JYaqulna Bay.|Feb. 16,. 5 pm|
Cleveland .. Puget Sound.. (Feb. 16, 10 am,
State of Cal Portland...... Feb. 17, 10 am
Coos Bay... Newport.. Feb. 17, 9 ami
Areata Coos 8ay.'..... Feb. 17, 10 am
San Jose... Panama Feb. 18, 12 m
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 15, 3 pm
Pomona IHumboldt ! Feb. 18, 2pm
Corona .....|San Diego Feb. 1? 11 ami
C. . Nelson. .lPuget Sound. Feb. 19, 10 ami
Queen ...... I Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 21. 10 am
Orizaba ....[Newport..;... Feb. 21. 9am
Am. Mara... 'China & Japn Feb. 21. 1 pmi
Moana [Sydney. Feb. 22, 2 pmi
Columbia ..| Portland...... Feb. 22. 10am!
Steamer.
Destination.
I Pier.
1 1 Pier 13
i, Pier v
[Pier 9
Pier 2
1 1 Pier 13
1 1 Pier 13
Pier 2
I Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 9
! Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
I PMSS
(Pier 7
I Pier 24
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, February .14.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, 100 hours from' Ta
coma.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson. 18 hours, from
Whlterboro. .-
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg. .--. '. , •
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing. 15 hours from. Fort
Barss.
Stmr State of California, Goodall. 68% hours
from Portland, via Asoria 44 hours. •'
Stmr Valencia, Lane, 32 days 16 hours from
Manila, via Nagaskl 23 days. - . ...
Haw bark Diamond Head. Ward. 23 days f m
Honolulu.
Bktn W H Dimond, Nllson, 18 days from
Honolulu.
CLEARED. •"• ;
Tuesday, February 14.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, February 14 =
Stmr Navarro, Higgins.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. '■-'
Stmr Geo W Elder. Hlnkle. Astoria. • '?»• J
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen, Usal. .'■
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund.
Stmr Sunol, Jacobs.
. Bark Gatherer. Stokkobye, Tacoma.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land
ing.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, Iversens Land
ing.
Schr Corinthian. Kcrth. Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson. Bowens Landing.
Schr Abble, Hansen, Caspar.
Schr Lena Sweasey, Topfer, Seattle and Ta
ccma.
Schr Enterprise, Erratt.
Schr Rio Rey, Skipper, Needle Rock.
Schr Reliance, N'ordling.
SPOKEN.
Feb 8, 40 miles off Waitings Island— Fi
nance, from New York for Colon.
Jan 24. no lat. long 34 W— Br ship Drumlan
ng, from Liverpool for Vancouver.
Deo 25, 56 S. 64W— Br ship Macduff, for Ore
gon. ' . . :'-,•..-■ =...-'?•
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 14. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Lurllne and Wrestler load mdse for
Kahulul: Ruby A Cousins, mdse, for Honoipu
and Kahulul.
The Amelia leads lumber at Port Ludlow for
Honolulu: Scottish Hills, lumber at Port Blake
ley for Calcutta, 60s : Grande Duchesse Olga,
wheat at Portland for Europe, S3s 9d.
■ DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Feb 13; schr C T Hill, from Grays
Harbor.
Palled Reb Stmr Geo Loomis, for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Feb 14— Stmr Sig
nal, hence Feb 11.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Columbia,
hence Feb 12.
EUREKA-Salled Feb 14-Stmr Chilkat. for
San Francisco stmr Samoa, for San Francisco
bktn Portland, for Callao; schr Mabel Gray.'
for San Diego.
Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Pasadena, from San
Pedro: stmr Pomona, hence Feb 14; schr Eva,
hence Feb 7.
PORT BLAKELEY-Sailed Feb 14— Schr Ex
celsior, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY-Salled Feb 14-Stmr Areata, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 14— Schr Gem. hence Jan 29;
schr Ivy. hence Feb 1.
SAN PEDRO -Sailed Feb 14-Schr J M Col
man, for Port Gamble.
Arrived Feb 14-Schr F S Redfleld. from Port
Gamble.
TACOMA- Sailed Feb 14— Stmrs Walla Walla
and VSashtenaw. for San Francisco; stmr Cot
tage City, for Alaska.
SEATTLE-Salled Feb 14-Stmr Cottage City,
for Dyea; Jap stmr Rlojun Maru. for Hong
kong and Yokohama: stmr Laurada, for
NEHALEM-Salled Feb 11-Schr Volante, for
San Francisco.
- EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK-Arrlved Feb 11-Stmr Allianca.
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
s_ A hS A anV rrtVed Feb 14 - Stmr Maripo
tr_ne Bl ?o ; Subrir Sal,ed ™ "~ Br » h » *«
fo?Y^o uve r al,ed * b 18 ~ Br " mr *-—0*
NAGASAKI-Salled Feb 13- Stmr City of
Puebla, for San Francisco. Feb 1-Br shin
West Lothian, for Oregon. p
NEWCASTLE. NSW- -Sailed Jan 18-Br ship
Andreta. for San Francisco. p
YOKOHAMA-Salled Feb 11-Br stmr Fan
Sang, for Oregon.
CALCUTTA— SaiIed Feb 9— Br ship Macduff,
for Oregon. "•BERESFORD'S
NEW THEORIES
ARE DISCUSSED
Hugh Craig in Accord
With Them.
OBSTACLES CAN BE OVERCOME
GEORGE A. NEWHALL ADVISES
DUE CAUTION.
Would Have the Chamber of - Com
merce Send a Commissioner
to Study Chinese Trade
Conditions.
The address made by Lord Charlea
Beresford before' the Chamber of Com
merce of this city on Monday afternoon
made a most profound impression on the
representative merchants and citizens of
this cify. There is no denying the fact
that the vast majority of those that heard
his Lordship agree with him, And that
they differ only, on immaterial points.
From the expressions that were to be
heard on all sides yesterday it would .ap
pear that the suggested trade alliance of
the two nations is not so very far off after
all. Many of the most prominent gentle
men, who are engaged in business here,
while they may not agree with his Lord
ship in every particular, are neverthe
less, in hearty accord with him In the
general run of his ideas and in the ad
vice that he gave. ??. :
Hugh Craig, ex-president of the Cham
ber of Commerce, when seen yesterday
said: ■ ? .'
"I heartily agree with everything that
was said by Lord Beresford and I see no
difficulty that cannot be overcome by. the
good sense and honesty of the American
people. lam in full accord with po
sition taken by Lord Beresford on the
Oriental question, and I hold the same
unswerving faith in the capability and
statesmanship of the American people,
for meeting in an intelligent and states
manlike way all questions now to the
front in Hawaii, the Philippines, Cuba and
Porto Rico. There is no doubt in. my
mind but that, the American people will
justly govern the mixed Latin popula
tion, and that in the end they will so
educate them that they 'may be intrusted
with all of the details of the municipal
and local inter-island administration. *
"I am certain that as responsibility is
placed on us", the same spirit of fairness
and desire to do right, which is ever para
mount in the minds of the American peo
ple, will greatly help to solve any ques
tion that may arise for international con
sideration. As Lord Beresford so very
aptly stated, men will be found for every
occasion, as for instance, Dewey was the
man for the battle of Manila Bay. To
men like myself, familiar with the ad
ministration of her Majesty's Government
in Australia, New Zealand and the South
Sea Islands, there is no problem present
ing Itself in the Philippines which has not
already been thrashed out by colonial
statesmen to a successful Issue.
"You ask what 1 ■■ gest that the
.
ration
of tl . itions thrown put to us by
, s here say most
■
Ine" it to the administration. We have
in President McKinley and his Cabinet the
very b».-st of man-rial the -world has ever
a:,l surely they are eminently
Qua ■ indie lust such questions as
*"•■'■'• pro] ; ord Beresford before
the Chanil.pr of Commerce. The only
trouble I can see ahead is that which may
arise from the egotism and impudence of
the University Pharisees, who, injecting
themselves as If they were the 'unco
quid' of the nation, make trouble where
none should arise."
George A. Newhall, the first vice presi
dent of the Chamber of Commerce, who
presided at the reception extended to Lord
Charles Peresford. when asked for ills
opinion of the situation as presented by
the distinguished visitor, said:
"To begin with I may state that the
question is really such a new one to us
fen a nation, arid to myself in particular,
that I rather hesitate to' express an opin
lon. Since y"ou have asked me what I
think I must confess that in my personal
ton Lord Beresford has come to us
as a missionary of England. Now it is
true that our Hritlsh cousins cannot see
a joke, but they are 'onto' the future
pr^at international questions before we
begun to be aware of theiF exist
ence.
"For my part I believe that Lord Beres
ford is perfectly honest in everything that
I express my opinion
a member of the Chamber of Com
merce it is then that J am aware that wfr
should proceed very cautiously and that
safeguard should be taken to see
that we are secured in everything that we
B8 a nation may do. There is no denying
thnt the trade of the East (s as yet In
its Infancy, ami that America certainly
controls the major Bhare of It. In this
l may state that I myself will
next month sail for <"hina and Japan to
l""k after the interests of mv company
there.
"When -we come to art as a nation it is
then that %vo have to proceed most care
fully. Too mv . ot be had,
find while Lord Beresford is undoubtedly
! t in all that he says, v.c should do as
England I him. send "our
own missionaries to «*hina and the East
to ascertain for us what is t lie exact con
dition of afSairs there. [ am in favor 01
the Chamber of < 'oniraf ■■c of San Fran
rnllng a representative to
learn for us what is the prevailing con
dition of trade In that great country. Of
Be it might be a good plan for the
I'nited States to send a m< tnber from its
Associated Chambers. Hht for the pres
ent I am speaking for our own city. I
really have no plan that I can suggest
for dealing with the views presented by
Lord Beresford. I only know that our
most representative merchants agree With
him, but they only desire, so far as I
have been able to ascertain, some na
tional guarantee that what Lord Beres
ford gays is a correct presentation of the
farts in the case."
POSTUM CEREAL.
Had the . .
HEART
. . to do it.
JAMES SMEDLEY
Won the Great
Chicago Bicycle
Race, May 31st;
His HEART was RIGHT!
He Trained on
Postum
■- * - , * . ■
Cereal
Pood Coffee.
"I WILL GO OUT TO-DAY."
Urn"
now Aged Mrs. Lena Guttzeit Tragically Vacated
Her Squalid Quarters. 7
* » T WILL go. out to-day,", was the
I ■ reply of Lena Guttzeit in re
sponse to the sharp order
of her landlady, Mrs. Eva
Ferschland, of 345"? Third .street,
yesterday, forenoon. The woman,
who' is German by birth and aged
about 50 years, kept her word, but
not in the manner expected. She
had been living In a squallid hole
in-the-wall at the place named for
several months, but was unable to
obtain employment and was a pen
sioner on Mrs. Ferschland. - The lat
ter Is very poor and has three chil
dren to support. Her husband Is In
the army at Manila. It was under-
stood, that Miss Guttzeit would va
cate the premises by noon and she
carefully packed a trunk and box
preparatory to- leaving.
Having but 10 cents in her posses
sion and no place to go the unfortu
nate woman was 'evidently seized
with despair and decided to go- to
that country where there is* .sup
posed to be surcease from sorrows.
To this end she fastened a screw
hook in the top of the door casing
of her room, procured a piece of
clothesline, which she attached to
the hook, only to find that the door
.way was too low to enable her to
hang herself in the regulation way.
The customary box was there to
perform its duties, but the drop
could not be employed. So the de
termined . woman, taking a broom
ALL MONTHS
ALIKE TO THE
CLAIM BROKER
November Made to
Mean January.
| COULD NOT OVERREACH UNCLE
CONTRACT DRAWN TO OUTLAST
ALL ETERNITY.
Double-Action Orders on the Auditor
and Treasurer to Secure the
Payment of "Hocked"
j. ' Warrants.
i After waiting over three months for a
, portion of their salary 300 of the teachers
did not receive any pay. They had yield-,
; ed to necessity and the brokers got their
i warrants. Only the November claims
were sold, but a warrant-shaver would
i never dare look his 'Office clock in.the
face if he unsuccessfully went up against
so wild 'a game as a needy school teach
: er's salary, claim. Some of the employes
of the School Department who had real
: ized on their November expectations were
! In hopes that the January money was
| safe, but they had not read the printed
| agreement .on the orders and promissory
j notes .they signed. Consequently when
they- leisurely came to the Treasurer's of
fice last Monday they found themselves
too late. The salary had been paid' and
, there was nothing left but a receipt for
the money. • •
. A business agreement with a warrant
broker is a steel-clad 'contract that will
outlive time itself. It oversteps the most
farreaching statute. of limitations and is
good for value received to the uttermost
bounds of eternity. When an impoverish
ed city employe goes to one of -' these
exceedingly commercial gentry to "hock"
a claim he or she must put in most of the
day signing the necessary papers. First
there Is an ordinary promissory note with
interest; second, another promissory note
secured by the claim on the city treas
ury; third, an- order on the secretary of
the Board of Education for the. warrant
when sighed; fourth, a duplicate order on
the Auditor, notifying thai official that
the amount of the claim has been hypoth
ecated; fifth, an order on the Treasurer
forbidding him to pay the same to any
j person except the accredited representa
i tive of the broker. * .
The order on the secretary Is to prevent
i the delivery of the signed warrant to the
j employe; the order on the Auditor is a
! check on the secretary, and the order to
! the Treasurer will finally catch the valu
able paper should it by chance slip away
■ from the other two officials. A warrant
shaver takes no chances.
Notwithstanding these precautions . a
| number of teachers who had sold ; and
'signed away their November claims hoped
j that the. broker's Interests therein, would
! be swallowed up in the last months of the
j year. The- long printed agreement which
they evidently aid not read states that
: they have assigned demands, claims- "for
the month? of November, 1898, and for all
succeeding months during the existence
of the loan, and that he (or she) agrees
to assign such demand until all said loans
and interest are fully paid." The em
ploye also appoints the broker, his attor
ney in fact Irrevocably for the prupose of
receiving such demands and . he author
izes and empowers said attorney in- fact
to sign his name to any warrant or order
for the delivery of the same "until all loans
and Interest are fully paid, and the. em
ploye Irrevocably directs the secretary of
the Board of .Education, the Auditor and
the Treasurer to draw/audit and pay the
amount of the warrant to the attorney in
fact. The assignee. of the claim also states
that the said warrant for November has
not -been sold or pledged to any other
person. •• V ■'..?' '
i Many of these orders on the secret.-*"", ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1899.
"handle in her hand, kneeled upon
tbe box, leaned against the door
and chimney, and forcing her
throat upon .the rope, slowly stran
gled herself to death.
A peculiar feature of the case was
the fact that there were none of the
usual signs of strangulation, the
victim appearing to have died from
natural causes and to have been
"placed in the position in which she
was found. The condition of the
body indicated that deceased had
hanged herself at the hour at which
she was supposed to leave the place
and had- kept her word so far as
departure was concerned.
- The remains were found about 2
o'clock. Deceased left no note giv
ing a reason for her act nor was
there a scrap of food in the place
sufficient to feed a mouse.
1 Auditor, and Treasurer were signed at
] the broker's office in blank by the teacher,
consequently it was easy to fill in any
! month at will. Some of the orders oh
j Bier & Regansburger h„d been made out
, for November, but the words "or Decem
ber or January" had been added, it is
; claimed. Indicating great -Cleverness on
i the part of those warrant 'shavers. But
I as their contract gave them an everlast
ing leadpipe' cinch on those claims this
I little trick of trade loses much of the pc
! culiarity of its character. To fall of their
January salary at- last is a hardship, in
deed, after the loss of November-Decem
ber" money", but those employes got one
month, less the broker's usury, out of
the? three, consequently they must be
satisfied. \ ?-»>.''
Almost all of the janitors had sold their
claims and. a number of the teachers who
i went to -their "uncles" were .lately placed
!on the unasslgned' list. Some of the claim
! sellers at first discussed the problem of
, charging the brokers with illegally .
' ing the orders, but concluded after read
| ing the small print lengthy contract that
' life was not long enough in which, to es
; cape the provisions of that business
I ■agreement. "7.7?
j Robbed His Employer. .
Henry Weibold Was arrested yesterday
by Detectives Ryan and. O'Dea and book
ed at the City Prison on a charge of
burglary.- He used to do odd .jobs for
Fred Bohm, a butcher at 1133 Folsom
street. Rohm steeps in the rear of the
' shop and last Monday morning Weibold
entered his bedroom by means of a false
i key and stole $85. which was in a bag in
' his trunk. When arrested Weibold had
! $60 of the stolen money in his pockets.
! He at first denied his guilt, but later ad
mitted that he did the Job.
1 » «. »
Byington Will Be Supervisor.
| The contest instigated by Peter A.
I Kearney, for the office of Supervisor of
I the Seventh Ward, against Louis F. By
' in'gton was dismissed yesterday on the
! motion of contestant's counsel. From the
j Opening Kearney lost and finally decided
Ito abandon the case. At the close of the
j recount -the contestant had lost 201 votes
' and as Byingtcn was declared elected by
•84 votes he had but poor chances of
j catching up." Hence the dimlssal. : 7 -?:■ £
ADVERTISEMENTS. - .
SEITT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Instituta Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed, by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a homo
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual" weakness, resulting
from youthful . folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of. parts can now cure
themselves at. home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location,* giving strength
and development .Just where it Is needed.
I It cures all' the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
in all cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute, 193 First National Bank
building, Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
you desire 'one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The Institute
is desirous of reaching: that great class
j of men who are unable, to leave hqme to
1 be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy It is- to be
cured of sexual weakness when the '
> proper remedies are employed.; The In-
i stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
! carefully sealed In . a plait* package so
! that its recipient need , have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
I requested to write without delay.
S-fj CfclcfcMt-V- Knell.- DUsto-d Brut-. "-'
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
" W . -<""-"-V - - Original ADd Only Genuine. ■* ' A ::'
"V./W."V' -arc aOwaji - reliable, ■■. utoira at. __X -
f'SK l£v_W *' r ""- 1 " t for Chichetteri English J>..i ■-_""_"**.
■^^»\_l_*_i fn i i if la Red ao4 Gold metal!ic\^*V
**W . __Tyj*Jt>Mea, aealed with big* ribbon. | Take \SI
' *W ♦* WM n< * '°t__r. Jte/uie danytraua nilititu. *~r
I"I — ffPtimi and imitations. „i Orarjim, ar MB* __,'.
I _. "• JJf Is itaapa for par! -Inn, teatimraiali aal
l"0» 0 "Belief for Ladle*." 'n <<fUr, br rrtnm
__»_ JET Hal- lV.Oee Teitlmoßiala. Hmmt Paper.
"- _ > <-^rC7ileHut«rCk__UoalO».,MA|>M'><ißar%
•th" all or_fjtot_, - . >MtJJ?4«T^?
'.y-yyly/ .* ADVERTISEMENTS. ■ ?._? . : """*
# f
I CONFIDE IN A WOMAN. I
A— ; f
# Women may write about their troubles to Mrs. Pinkham and $
W avoid the questions of a male physician. . SK
S "~ — : #
Ms. _^*^{^\ .The questions asked of a woman by a male *?Ati
•^* rj?^ V w_ physician are embarrassing and frequently re- ?K
KV^ '• • *' ''•''* £^/-* (€-W • bolting to a sensitive nature. In consequence -yw
fS & \ J the whole truth is not told ! . This makes it dif- 1 wK'
"\ <*& J ficult for female troubles to be successfully \^i
.. ' j- m / [ treated, and is the reason' so many women grow ,)!?£
V _ worse rather than better. yjy
__^ v^^3_S-ll___. Lucy A. Lqughery of New \ii/
_^-- ' ' ?s^^^' ' ifejtti i^^^'l^. Lebanon, Ind., describes how wretched $0
M\ w^^ r^^^^y^'""fc^__-_iJ^^^M s^ e was until she received Mrs. Pink- -?A%
W ' :, ' r >sSism ham's help: r%
*«k 1 **- ' ' ' "% W^* Dear Mrs. PiNKnAM:— I propped myself in a chair and .a.
j (/{ j^ \. V^B ■ j_|_l^^||mT *x wrote to you, and as soon as I commenced to take your Vege : mU//
VV / V J*_w^_l___P'^^_|^-^ table Compound t began to improve. I had suffered with k'A'U
MM V >^\J_-' ; ';?' - >"? ' MMr^\ severe pains in my hips, back and head. The doctor said I Ml///
I *jYr \ ■ W :^ ■/' '■' iNfr "*v *" ad bladder trouble and falling of the womb. I had spells ,/y
\ (/(j^ jffl&gf < y^__^-^__S^ / ' l when, if I did not sit down, I would fall I wan sleepy all the mU//
! *jYj? __H ' :^_______L '^^^^^^k -J time. I was also troubled with leucorrhoea and itching piles. •a.
{// m " : 7- :•' r '/ "? : 7'j^» Sim- ___L-^i • People thought that my end was near. Had it not been for Mvi/
/AN j^! ? ; l '''~*^~ '^IBmßir ■ IL^I Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and advice, I would N *A*/i
MM _^* -v^>^^^ ' '•' WK^\\( J have been dead and buried long ago. I hope that this letter \\i/'/
/MN. ___ll^'^^^^^^_________ft\\V ma y c t^ ie means °* helping all women who suffer as. I did. f aJ-A*.
/itis m^'^^^y- Women understand women better than
/w\ Jfe:^li^lfeiiPi^M^H ' : ' ' men- can. The whole truth is freely told >»;
rfnu\ ■ _____H_j_H„_E__M*^-<y ; V JP". ?? "'<_t___y? i[ >-*? : '* "' mt" -^i^------------__-t------_-H_---HHla - - fv / I J\
'■ _____!^fc^"^^^^^^^^B - ■'.'■ to Mrs: Pinkham, and women only see the nm/
_^______PS^^ :^^^lK^|^« letters received by her at Lynn, Mass. §f0
/Ms BHUU^^yy^i ■':' tfl-^ '^ii^L Her advice is freely offered. ••-ya*^***^ *\A^
/&. UfW-Sy^s^^'^o^'^£'^^ Here is a convincing letter from a 3^.
'Jy Jm mUm ' C?/ — £Se^ "■• *" ® woman in Bethlehem, Pa. : nvk
/)WK ■—■*■•-"' -?yy > ■•"• '* ; " ? ?..; t\A/i
*v^B -EBB ••• ( ' : -TyTyy. -,'"';-''■ Dear Mrs. Pin'kham: — Words cannot express my \V/.
/jm. m • #"''"- • ' - '^ " -I. 'l^™^^/^^ R gratitude for the good that your Vegetable Compound t\f)/1
t(ll)J I ky'/'-T'T 7^^^^;''yy^^^^^^i^^A has done me. I have taken five bottles, and feel bet- \VJ^
>*(k I r M!^^^^^^^l^'^^l^P^^^m ' * cr n ever respect. Menses heretofore lasted too «• AJ*
/()\ I «| y■■ JTv^^^^^^^^^L long and were very prof use, and made me very weak. \s]y
/*K I ___■ I ' y : >"~y. 'y''' : - " : 7 Bl Your Compound is a miracle. Before writing to you .1,
(Awi H l^^^^^^^^^^^iW^^^^-ffl 1 '"•' I had tried doctor's medicine, but of no avail. I \\(]//
•V" ■ 11?' f^^^**^^^^^^^^^^^^^--*' -'"" would not give up your Compound for female com-
/^AK" l___^_i^^^^'^^^^^'^^^^^lilk plaints for all the doctor's medicine in the world. uO/7
v,\)»r if V iS^^& My friends want to know what makes me look so • \VK.
/AX fUr •'t^ • '" ' -___t^^B» well. Ido not hesitate one minute in telling them t\o/?
({{j^ W !__M_S • '■^^■^ ' what has brought about. this wonderful change." T\^j/
/?AK r »_!"__■ __P _P™^'^ tr canno,; s i n & ts praises enough. I hope every t\A/i
V[)V H wj |^B one v.-ho suffers as I have will give Lydia E. Pinkham's Ml///
*<Y^ '^_fi|_V •* . IHf:?/ |b Compound a trial; and 1 know that, if taken according to *?(\*a
/7[\\\ »^ Vb - directions, it will cure.— Mrs. Edwin Ehrig, 413 Church V\ )//
Jfe* m Street, Bethlehem, Pa. , W.
/ffl\ All women who suffer should secure Mrs. Pinkham's counsel.
*jfc Female troubles are real troubles, and must be treated understand- . Nj//
fljp ; ingly. y For a quarter of a century Mrs. Pinkham's advice and Lydia E .\V^
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound have been helping women to be strong Wri
/irk and. well, more than a million women have been benefited by it.. . -<A^
m ' : r S
M Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
% A Woman's Remedy for Woman's Ills, m
I " • • ♦
il€€€€€#€€€ €€€€€€€€€ €€€#€€ii
v^^^^ WHEN YOU
i^V^il^^^ Require an ELEC-
Kl^^^^^TßlC BELT get "° '-
fmmS^^mV^^^ Pierces" and you will
V2£^ffeyj^ N no * to disappointed.
-Tf^y ■ . Call or' address PIERCE
7yy '7 ' ELECTRIC CO., 620
Karkatsl. (opp. Palaca Hote), S. F.
fanfii VITALIS
S i__*l^*^-_ - THE NEW BJ '
__r__ri_t_B_r 3— ij ,^ FRENCHa.
V ITALIS 20thBa> '■ «*- Tff- _._.iSV.KeJ _■'
PRODCtII THE ABOTE 30lh Day. £._.irf |_U IB I
RKSI'LTS. It quickly & surely removes s»r<«»Fr.csi,lmpcteno'.
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wistinj Diseases and all effects
of self-lhuse or excess anil indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality
Power and Falling Memory.' Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all others -fail. Insist on having VITALIS,
no other. Can be carried in' the vest pocket. By mail ">l.<H>
per psckare or «ix for 95.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Refund the Money. Circular Free. ,. Adrtrem
CAU'MKT CURE CO., 884 Dearborn St., CMeag*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., B. F. and Oakland.
Baja California .
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is' a 'powerful aphrodlslne and speclflo tonic
for the sexual - and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy tor diseases of th 3
kidneys and , bladder. A great - Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its -own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS '& BRUNE, Agents,
821 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
I DR.PiERCE«. 7
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
. FOR THE
I BEOODa LIVER. LUNGS;
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARXY ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. . Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. doctorcures when
others . Try him. Charges low.
Cnreit-aranteed. Callorwrlte.
_>r. J. 1". «___"_" ON. Box 1957. San Francisco.
mm ___■ — ■ m mmmmmmmm mmm mmm mmm mmmmmmmmm — mmmmm mmmmmm I
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN XAISfIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE, *J*T_____r;COa.
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p.m. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki ; and Shanghai, and
connecting at » Hongkong with steamers - for .
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
'of sailing.?' .- ■ ■ :■:■'.■'■■';; -■
NIPI'ON MARU ..Wednesday. Jan.' a
AMERICA MARTJ Tuesday, Feb. tl
HONGKONG MARU........... Friday. March IT
- Round-trip tickets at reduced % rates. . For !
freight and passage apply at company's office,
ill Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent. '
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast, Steamship Co,
*v '/ '-•: y r ' Bteamers leave ' Broadway
tw«ttefc^ wharf," San Francisco:
MS^^sft. For Alaskan ports. 19 a. m.,
ISS'fGfe'ifc * Feb. .6. IS. 20. 25; Mar.
ifHhii»- wharf. Ran Francisco:
a*_mi___P_. For Alaskan ports. 19 a. m..
MBK»Fgßat_a_ Feb. b 10, 15. 20. 25; Mar. 7:
■ ___.B_Mr__-B - change at Seattle. '
■ ffisvajWjrln For Victoria, Vancouver. (B.
|_H_m9____. £-)• Port 1' OTCn - en ' . Seattle."
r^^*«S BK Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
. . • 10 a. m., Feb. 5. 10. 18,- -0,-2";
1 Mar and every flfth day thereafter; change
! at Seattle to this company's steamers for
: AlJka and G. N. By.; at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. . _•__.'-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2p. m Feb. 3,
I 8, 13. 18. 23, 28; Mar. 6,' and every flfth day
I thereafter. *'''?•' . '_, ' -
For Santa Cru«, Monterey, San Simeon,
' I Cayucos Port Harford, (San Luis Obispo),
'•Gavlota' Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
■ San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
I Newport. 9 a. m. Feb. 1, 6, t. 13, 17. 21. 25;
Mar. 1 and every fourth day thereafter, -
i For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port ,
Los Angeles and Rendondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m., Feb. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23, 27; Mar. 3, and
every fourth day thereafter. -
For' Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo.- Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz.- Santa Roealla-
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Feb. 11, Mar. 9,
: Apr. 6. . - ■ -•': . ;•'."- .'-?
For further Information obtain folder.
j "The company reserves the right to change'
-without previous notice, steamers. Balling dates
• and hour!"' of ealllntr.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
i street tPalace Hotel). - • yy. <
I GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agta.. .
10 Market St.. San Franclsoo. .
THE 0, R. &N. CO, ?
y DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO 7
PORTLAND
'From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. ■'
' CADC *12 First Clas"> Including Bertha
iMnC $8 Second Class and Menls.
■ Columbia sails Feb. 12, 24, March 4, 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7, 17, 27, March
'9.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.,
- _, '630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
>.j - Superintendent*
: Gompagnle Generate Transatlantique.
'. ' "; (French Line) *■'"•'
I DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -__
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at JO a. m. from Pier 42, North «a«s____s
River, foot of Morton street . . .-■ .
LA 8RETAGNE................. ........Feb. 18
LA T0URA1NE........ .....:.. ....Feb. 25
LA N0RMAND1E........ March 4
LA CHAMPAGNE ...;.... ......March 11
' LA 8RETAGNE.......... .............. 'March Tg
- First-class ; to Havre, 365 and upward. 5 per
I cerit reduction on round trip. Second-class to
I Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip '-*
GENERAL 'AGENCY FOR UNITEDSTATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.-
-• J. F.. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery aye.,. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE;
KKW YORK, SODTHAMPTOIf, LONDON, PARIS. ?
I From New York Every Wednesday, '10 a. m.
Bt. '.February _*rßt Paul.. March 15
St. Louis '.March 1 St. .Louis..... .March 22
RED? STAR LINE,
New York and Antwerp.' •?-■;.-•
From ' New York - Every . Wednesday, '12 nopn.
Kensington..:. Feb'y. 1" Snuthwark, March 8
Noordland...... Feb'y 22, Westernland.. March 15
Frlesland ... . : March l!KensJngton„ .". March 22
.-■■' KMPIRE LINK, '. .
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.-
-| For full : Information regarding freight and pas-
■••■■' . sage apply •' to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
' ..'SO Montgomery at., cr any of Its agencies
OCEAN TBAVEL.
The S. S. Moana
mrlrSSnS ß_ B.Wit 8a "" via Honolulu and
ET Vffltf^S fc Auckland ' or ' Sydney
Savi* ia*_f .*■ Wednesday, Feb. 22.
PES ■__-■# The p.-m. s - Moana
jBUlVJILsails via Honolulu and
*E W Auckland for Sydney
a_ y^mi -^ Wednesday, Feb. 22.
r^^y^ I" \ at 10 p. m.
ll^^__7n : «BilllSnlDw s " s - Australia
J&ISS&Sr •jnWIIIJIIIK ■""■"•" for Honolulu
\/%oar . C6(nP3ll4hW 2 ' March S.
<B*3* y, WF u,M 3r a t 2p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, arid CAPE
TOWN, South Africa,
J D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Offlce— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
j BAY AMD ' BIVEB . STi-AH-EBS. .
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."'
1 Mon Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat, at 9:45 a,
m 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 a m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a, m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mlsslon-st, Dock. Pier No.
I. Telephone, Main 1508. -
FARE ■ ™° .
"BAILBOAD^raJLVmi *■'
A Superb Train
iSMf^ EVERY DAY IS THE YEAR
$$& Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH , BARBER SHOP. •
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
' ■' . ■ FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS. , y V
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
?■' DINING CARS (A LA CARTE*.
ONLY 3H DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily at Ilk m.
'/'. D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent,
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco..
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899, trains will run as follows".
■ South-bound.; North-bound, i
Passen- I Mixed. Mixed. JPass.n-
ger. i Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd .. . Exc'ptd I Dally.
7:20 am 10:80 am Stockton. 3:46 pm| 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm -Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 8:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am, 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 ami 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare. 5:50 ami 1:05 pm,
j** Stopping at intermediate points as required. '
For particulars. of stage and other connections-
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 331 Market
street. San Francisco. - ■ ' -
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. (Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. IL 1898: ' yy ' '/;. ' '■ •-'"--.
Week Days— a. tn.. 1:45 p. m. .:.-y. ?:•
Sundays— 10:00, 11:80 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. IL ' » -
THOS. COOK * SON, Agenda til Market
street, San Francisco. - ■- J
SAILBOAT) TEAVEL. <
NO.' T II KB*** PACIFIC tOMPAITt.
(pacific stsTO-t.)'
Trains it»»c unci nre due to aarrlT* at
MAN *~KA~*i-t'l.-4'<».
- (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
t-"AT_ — From De* 18, 1898. — Altrtl
•••••a Nile*. San Joae and Way Stations... •»:4*»a '
7:OOa fieulci*, Suisau and Sacramento.... 0:49.
"><"©_ Maryartlle, Orovttle and Redding ria
"Woodland ; 8:43*
7:88 a Rim Ira VaoaTille and Ruioeey 8:43.
'-._._ Martinez, Sanß*naOn.V_Uejo. Napa,
. Uallstog* and Santa Roe* .......... 6:13*
SiOOa. Atlantic T.iprea*. Ogdeu and Kast.. _:"_»
-:_»_ Han Jbse, Lirermore, Stockton,
lone, Saoramento, PlacerTille,
Msrystn'-, Chico, Ited Uluff 4:15*
J*iBBa 'Milton, ...dale _nd Jamestown... 4il3r
•••Oa Martins*. Tr*oy, LatUrop, Stockton, "
'Meroed *nd li'resno: 13:13*
BiBoa Presue, llakersHeld. "Santa Barbara.
MM An_el__ Deming, El Paso,
. New Orlean* and Eaat , B:4 '> p
1 0:80 a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Button* 7:43*
1_:00m Wiles, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vlaalia,
Perter-Ule .r. 4: IB*
•"■o«r Sacramento Hirer Steamer* "SiOOr
_:••_■ M-rtlaea, Ban Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, CallstoiL Sauta Rob* Brio a
4iBBp BsblcUl VaoßTille, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knight* Landing,
M-rjsTtlla, Oroville lO:4ffa
4:88* Nile*. San Jose and Stockton 7:13*
- 8:08*8*0 Pranclsco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersaeld. Lo*
Angeles... ."......... 8:43\
» Limited Meroed, Fresno. Los IS:l3_>
Asgele* ." B:48\
■88* Stqokton, Meroed, Frosno IS: 19*
' _:_op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
. : MoJ-Te, Santa Barbara and Los
An.elee , S.A3*,
fS:OOP Pacific Coast Limited, EI Paso,"
Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East..... 19:45"*
•iB-T Santa -_ Route, AUautia lv press
-, ■:'•'. ■'-':■ for Mnjare and J'a3t.... .......... . 6i."<p
•:04»r Kuropeaii Mall, Ogdeii and East..'.. »:43
8:00p Hayward*, Nile* and San Jose 7:49 a.
••10-r Vallejo 18il9p
"7iB_r Vallejo, Port Costa »nd Way Sta-
tion* "8:43*
•(••r Oregon Sacramento, Mary*.
' ' * tin., Redding, Portland, Puget
Sound and '"est 8:18 a
(18:09 Sunset Limt-ed. Fresno, Lo* -..->-
Angeles, XI Paso, New Orleans
and East. ■■■■■....... 61»43y
kAngelea BI P*«o, New Orleans
and East .■.....■■..... *)1:48*
8 LKAIMKO A"ft> H 41" WARDS LOCAL.
(foot of Market Street.)
"I Metro**, "temlnarr Park, 7
BiO*A flteh-Bi*, Klmhurai. • 6:43*.
• <9io«a S*n -Le*n<fro. Math S*_ I*.i4i*a
10.09 a Leandro, Hstudllle, - 10i43a
.411100* ■ Lorenzo. Cherry - , . 1 1. r
8180* __,j 11:43*
?;Sn Hay**-.... '»**£
7,0 *» 4 Ron* MMdugb to Nile*. * ,43,f
J t From Nile*. I
COAST DIVISION (Matron tian-re).
- ' . (Foot 01 Market Street.)
OilftA.Newark.CenteTT'ile.S-nJose.Felton, .. - • .
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz aad Way
Stations. _"•»•_>
•8:1 Newark. Centerrin., Ban Joee, New
,-■;., Almaden, Felton, Boulder Greek,
• flank Oa* _nd Principal Way
Stations.....'. '..' *10i804
4ilop Newark, Sjhj Jose tad Los* Gates. . . 8:80 a
ft 1:43 Hunters' Excursion, Ban Jose and
Way *"Utton«..~ f7»««.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FY** Sit" tumm-fist of Market Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ILOeA.M. 11:*0 *2:00 13:09
•4:00 ' tl:00 ; *fl:o.r.i".
*___ OHIAH— I **t »f Br«*-wiT.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00..M.
na.OP *1:00 ? $8:00 ,*3:00 H;6P -8:03 p.m.
." t'OA.-if IH VISION (Broad tiange). *
__ - ' (Third and townsend at*-)
7:00 a Ban Jose and Way Stations (New
' Aimed.- Wednesdays only) 1:308
•■•o* San Jo*e, Tro* Finos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific ClriiTo, Paso Rable*. San
Luis ()kil«|w». Guadalupe, Surf and
■ ■■■■'. Principal Wa» Station* 4:IOr
•©•«•* Ban . Tow and Way Stations *>Bi©oa
Hi SO a Ban Joee *nd War Stations 8:33*
*8:48r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
H*Bi4Bp Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San. Jose,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San Jose.
Gilroy, H'ollistor, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pad Be
Gro»e **"0:88 a
•St San Jos* and Way Station* *9:OOa
*4»18p Sao Joseand Principal Way Bt»tlons 9:43 a
*8(991> San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
*":30r Sau Joss and Principal War Station* - 5:30r
-i_Or San* Jose and Way -Stations 7:30*
tll:48p San Jose aud Way Stations 7:30p
A for Meriting. P* far Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. I Sundays only, * Saturdays only
"(Moadays »ud Thursday*. aTnssdays and Saturdays. .
"Saturdays and Wednesdays. tThnrsdeve and Sundays.
CllWmtk NOBTHWESTEEf IT. CO.
LIDSSHS
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
V " BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL, '
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.| 12:_»V
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:64
■ and 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:80, 11:00 a. m.l 1:"30, 8:30,
6:00,- 6:20 p. m. ■ - '. •
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— *:IO, 7:60, 9:20, lliXfa, m.: U:«.
. 1:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Eatra trips as
I'M and 8:85 p. m. .>-.-■■:■
f"UNDAY&-«:10, 8:40, 11:18 a. __,;• 11*0, . 1:40-
-"JOA, 8:25 p. m. .
Between San Franolsoo and ___met*en Park
■am- schedule as. above,
— ' ■ ■■■ — — ■ : ■ — — .
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Franclsoo.
-_ — ;».. . _______ Octo"3«T 16, J— — ' •
Week I Sun- 18.3. Bua- | Week
Days; ' Day*. Destination, days. days.
7:80 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:10 am 8:40 am
8:80 pm 1 9:30 am Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:25 am .
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:86 pm 6:22 p-.n
_ 1 ! | 1 1 «
Fulton,
f-30 am Windsor. 10--. am
Heal, sours.
Lytton,
Oeysertllla, -•■■
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. TrBB pm «:__pn_
>i ■ .— ' ii ■ *
Hopland and tYY-
- 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:33 pm 8:22 pm
"* ' . !l ■ ■ ■
7:30 am 10:86 am
8:00 am G_rn«j*-rtl!e. 7:35 pm!
. (iBO pm 8:22 pns
7:80 am 8:00 "am Sonoma 19:40 am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Olen Ellen. 6:10 pmj 6:28 pm
"7: JO am 8:00 am Sebastopo!. 10:40 am 10-23 am
8:80 pm 6:00 pm( -,;,.=' T:3spm] 6:22 pm|
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Springs ; at Litton for Lytton Spring's: at Gey*
perville for Skaggs Spring-; at Cloverdale tor
Vie Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Sprint;*.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda i Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Spring., Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Wlttep
Bprings, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,'
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell'*.'
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Booneville, orr*B
Hot Spring*. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Weetport. Usal, " Willltts.' Laytonville, •Cum-
tning's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,'
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* ' at]
reduced- rates.
• Oh Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at hall rates.
Ticket Offices, -6.0 Market St.. Chronicle bide",
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
JSeneral Manager. ..Gen. Pass- Agent*
California
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting- Owl Train Leaves San
y Francisco via Los Angeles at 9
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES*
DAY, FRIDAY. ' \ y . "
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A.M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In .New
York at 1 :30 P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday, yy yy yy:..
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-,
servatlon Car . and Electrla
. Lighted Sleeping Car. y
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
. Overland Express. ,
'ill FRAICISCa TIHEfWICE— « MM! SI
TELEPHONE MAIN .IBBL
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street,
/ ' ' Saa Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Plan Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD!
: .'. Via Sausalito Ferry. .
PROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN" RAFAEL. ->■- ' :-t. ■■'■/■
WEEK DATS— »7:2O, »9:30, 11:00 a. m.; *1:45,
3:45, 6:15, **6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at Jl:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO, *10:00, *11:30 a. m.; *1:1.,
3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. .
. Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
J WEEK DAYS— *6:35, 7:43, »3^o a. m.
*12:20, 2:20?- *3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS tjn Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. ' •
• SUNDAYS— •8:00, •10:00, »11:£5 a. m.;
1:15, »3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m. • .'.■■■
Train* marked • starts from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
- WEEK DAYS— : 6:45, 7:65, 9:40 a. m. :
12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS <*n Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
--SUNDAYS— B:OO,- 10:05 a. m. ; 12:0-5, 1:20. 3:20.
5:00, 6:20 p. m. : ■■»
. THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week Caaadero and way sta'ns. •
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
station*.
.8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta *.
910
PROSPECT OF
HOT TIMES
FOR A MONTH
Garrity to Make an
Active Fight.
ALL PARTIES RUMINATING
CAMPAIGN PBOPEB TO 88-OPEN
ED NEXT WEEK.
]
Assemblyman McDonald Sends Word
;> From Livermore That He Has
'.„. a Few Political Ideas
Ahead.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Feb. 14.
All of the political parties will meet
this week and outline their plans for the
city campaign. It is agreed on. all sides
that a short active campaign is. better
for all concerned because it is realized
that a great deal of personal work must
be done, and that there is a limit to the
efforts of the candidates. .
To-morrow night the Republican City*
Central Committee will meet at Its head
quarters in the Blake & Moffltt building.
It ls probable that no public meetings will
be held Until the last two weeks prior to
March 13. The Democratic City Central
Committee has its headuarters at 456
Eighth street and will meet for business
to-morrow night. The Independents have
opened headquarters at 456 Eighth street
and will meet Thursday nights.
The Army and Navy League will hold
a meeting in Becker's Hall next Saturday
evening to consider the Indorsement of
candidates. The Afro-Americans will also
enter the field and the Pondinkeys have
already got to work.
All doubt regarding T. F. Garrity run
ning for . City Attorney was set at rest
this afternoon whan the chairmen of the
Independent Republicans and Democratic
conventions received communications
from him. He says: "At the time of
the convention I was confined to bed
by severe Illness, and although I have
repeatedly stated that I would not
accept any nomination I have concluded,
owing to the assurances of support that
have come to me from friends, irrespec
tive of party, to make an active campaign
for the offlce of City Attorney."
Assemblyman McDonald 'is looking a
long way ahead. He has sent word down
from Sacramento that he will be* a candi
date for Supervisor next year for the dis
trict now represented by Supervisor
Wells. The Socialist Labor party has is
sued its programme for the next quarter.
Commencing February 19 the Sunday lec
turers will be Austin Lewis, Dr. George
R. Dobson. Professor Charles E. Mark
ham, H. T. Tuck. M. W. Wilklns, Fred
E. Seybold, Clark D. Whittier, David
Starr Jordan, T. Beresford. and Edwin D.
Payne. '? ??'
D. J. Mullins, who was nominated by
the Independents for . Library Trustee,
has filed an affidavit with the City Clerk
that he Is not a candidate and was nom
inated without his consent.
MORE LINKS IN THE
CHAIN OF BRANDES' GUILT
JURORS ASK SOME VERY CRU
CIAL QUESTIONS.
Marks on Lillian's Neck Not Made
by an Apron — Impressions
Gained at th© In
quest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Feb. 14.
"My God, that girl must have died a
thousand deaths!"
This was one of, the expressions of hor
ror uttered by J. M. McNulty, a Coro
ner's juryman at the Inquest on the death
of Lillian Brandes, November 19 last, and
to-day at the trial of the accused mur
derer, William A. Brandes, Mr. McNulty
repeated that statement. ' .„
The testimony adduced to-day proved
particularly damaging to any hopes that
the defense might entertain for saving :
the accused from expiating the crime of j
which he stands charged.
Witness McNulty told his story ln a j
cool, calm and definite manner, empha
sized by the determined efforts of the de
fense to trip him. He said that when I
the remains were viewed at Brandes' j
home, he had uttered the first mentioned
exclamation "because the body was so !
badly beaten up." "On the girl's' left arm
there were several small cuts, where the j
skin had been broken," continued witness.
"Some of the marks were such as you
have perhaps seen on a horse that has >
been beaten with a whip. On the lower I
limbs were many black and blue discolor
ations. In fact, the marks were pretty
well distributed over the whole front and
sides of the body. There were also some
on the head and face, as well as on the
palms of the hands, as if some one had
struck her." . * •
Attorney Bennett here asked: "The
Deputy Coroner, Strelgbtlf, testified, Mr.
McNulty, that her whole left side was
black and blue. Do you remember about
that?". But Judge Hall cut the attorney
short. "Now, this is just what we are
attempting to avoid," said his Honor. "At
your request witnesses were admonished
not to talk to each other about this case
and were excluded from the courtroom.
Now you tell the witness what some other
witness has -testified to."
Continuing, Mr. McNulty testified that
the marks on Lillian's body were stmila.
to those made on a man's skin by a kick.
Before the witness was excused, Juror
Philip Selben brought out a most impor
tant point.' He asked McNulty about
the marks on the neck. It being claimed
by. the defense that the girl had hanged
herself; and the Juror wished to- know
how the marks appeared.
"There was no swelling on the neck,"
replied McNulty. "It looked as though
the neck was burned, as though rubbed."
Almost the same question was asked by
Juror Seiben of Dr. Whitworth last Fri
day, and the doctor said that "the mus
cles of the neck were not contracted and
the features not distorted."
The next witness, Charles H. Townsepd,
who had also acted as a Coroner's Jury
man, also testified as to the appearance
.of the body as of one brutally beaten.
Regarding the marks about the neck,
witness' said:
• "The apron could never have made
•those marks abput the, neck, because It
was too soft. We twisted up the apron
to see. The mark around the neck was
about three-eighths of an inch wide." -
"The mark looked 'as if some one had
drawn something back arid forth around
it; like rubbing," continued Witness
Townserid. .'■•■" *..-.--.
,W. - J. Mortimer, who ' als"b served on
the Coroner's jury, was next called and
his testimony was corroborative.
This morning J. S. Harvey, a partner
''of Brandes in the night watchman busi
ness at Berkeley, and who had a room at
the Brandes residence, reiterated in the
main the testimony given by him at the
preliminary hearing. Witness told of
having seen Lillian searching in the back
yard for a bottle of poison and $15 which,
he had het-rd, had been stolen: He also
graphically narrated having heard sounds
one night just prior to the death, as if a
child was being beaten in the room where
Brandes and Lillian were at the time.
The father's voice was threatening; that
,of the child pleading to. spare her punish
ment. Witness declared that the whip
ping-sounded like that of a leather strap
striking bare flesh.
The trial will be resumed to-morrow
morning at 9:30 o'clock.
NEEDHAM GOES FREE.
He and Mike Conway Not Held for
Bobbery..
OAKLAND, Feb. 14.— The preliminary
examination of Danny Neednanvthe pu
gilist and Mike Conway, on a charge of
robbery preferred by William Mullins Jr.,
a. mall contractor, was concluded before
Police Judge Smith to-day, and defend
ants were uiscnarged. •
Both of the accused, however, were se
verely rebuked by Prosecuting Attorney
Leach and Judge Smith before they were
released. Judge Smith declared that -he
felt satisfied in his own mind that Need
ham and Conway had taken ah undue
advantage of Mullins, . but that the evi
dence was not sufficiently strong to war
rant their being held for trial before the
Superior Court. * . >
His Honor also branded the testimony
of John Flynn as false. Flynn had or
iginally corroborated Mullins' story be
fore . the Prosecuting Attorney, but- his
memory seemed seriously impaired while
he was on the stand to-day. y':Yy
MRS . DOYLE IN ARMS.
j Still Objects to the Railroad's Signal
Tower.
OAKLAND, Feb. . 14.— Mrs. ! Luke Doyle
i is not yet' reconciled to the bay window
i tower which is being erected by the rail
| road company across the street from' her
: boudoir window.- ..y y.
This afternoon Mrs. Doyle had an open
conflict with the employes who are erect
ing the signal tower. It is necessary
apparently to operate a derailing switch
system from the tower to have certain
I signal posts and bits of mechanism placed
in different parts of the street. The un
suspecting workmen were busy this after
noon digging - a few . holes, when Mrs.
Doyle charged down upon them. Her.
particular points of attack were two
workmen who were preparing to erect
a post on the same corner on which her
house is situated. Mrs. Doyle declared
that It would be an outrage to erect a
post" so that a man could sit on the top
of it and only be a few feet from her
window. The • workmen • endeavored in
- vain to as-sure the lady that: the railroad
company had no intention of stationing a
man at the top of . the post, which was
merely for the purpose of supporting a
semaphore and a few wires.
This did not. satisfy Mrs. Doyle. She
took possession of the hole in the street
and defied- the workmen to place a post in
it as long as she was there. The work
men, not anxious to precipitate bloodshed,
were very courteous to the lady, and in
voked the assistance of a police officer
to induce her to withdraw.
Mrs. Doyle, after some persuasion, came
out of the hole and declared that she
would strive to obtain her desire through
legal means. The. City Council has al
ready given the railroad company author
ity to build a tower and operate a switch
system, so that it does not appear that
there is much opportunity for -redress by
Mrs. Doyle. It was the lady's husband
who appeared before the Council some
weeks ago and protested in vain against
the building of a bay window tower on
the opposite corner from his home. The
window is now built,- and Is in reality but
very little bigger than a bay window
erected on another corner, about which
there was no contention.
SANTA FE MAY GO
TO EMERYVILLE
F. , M. . SMITH HINTS AT SOME
MYSTERIOUS DEAL.
OAKLAND. Feb. 14.— F. M. Smith, the
borax manipulator, has returned to Oak
land from the East, and In an interview
has hinted that when Prank C. Havens of
: the Realty Syndicate returns next week
i he may have some information regarding
!an Important railroad deal. Mr. Smith
! will not discuss- details, but admits
J that Mr. Havens' visit was. on matters
) connected with railroad business. .
Some months ago The Call stated that
; many important transactions were being
■ considered in connection with the prop
erty around Emeryville and that • Mr.
: Smith was negotiating with tlje Santa Fe
i Company by which that corporation can
] secure a - terminal in the north end of
j town.
"I can't talk definitely at this time,"
said Mr. Smith; "but the option now held
by the Realty Syndicate has expired, and
we are considering new plans. There is
no doubt that there will be a ferry system
from Emeryville as an allied corporation
to the Realty Syndicate. We have had
plans prepared, and it is not likely that
our lines will always be a feeder for the
Southern Pacific ferrv-. Our manager,
Mr. Havens will return shortly, and he
will know just how far these projects
have progressed. The borax deals we
have made will not affect the Alameda
refinery. That will run as usual and* may
be enlarged." .* ?."."- -.-••-
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
.• * •
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Tuesday, Feb. 14, 1809.—Forty-fifth
• day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine. Track
' fast. 7iyi 7.7/ . * ■ ' ] /y'y ' ' '
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
fiJQ FIRST RACE— Three furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index.. Horse.
Weight.
km.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
663 Sardine U5 1 ... • 11 16 H. Martin 7-6 4-5
646 Mountebank 118 2 ... ... ... 3 2 2 8 Pijrgottt 6-2 9-2
... Tar Hill 118 4 ... ■ 4 3 3 2 Riillman 18 20
6CI Bamboulla US 3 ... ... ... 2 4 4 1 H. Shields.... 2 7-2
666 Tanobe 110| 5 ... ... ... 6 5 Snider 10 20
Time— 4, :124: %. :364- Winner. E. Corrigan's ch. f. by Imp. Bassetlaw-lmp. Sar-
donyx. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Sardine was oil in the can. She ls> a prepossessing piece of horseflesh. Mountebank ran
gamely. Bamboulia was a bitter disappointment. Tanobe was last away.
Scratched— Pidalia 110.
1
2
II
1 1
3 2
4 3
2 4
6
1 6
2 8
3 2
4 1
5
flyo SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
!
Weight.
. Y*xn.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(656)
(604)
(f,C6)
682
la
B
in !
i ...'.
'oung — :
oil
1
3
I
2
6
4.
2 1
5 4
3 1
S*
11
8 h
5 6
* 4
2 1
6
1 14
5 6
4 1
2 h
r*
ii
14
2 1
S 2
43
6
5 4 .
1 1
26
3 6
4 4
5 1
6
r. Relft
Gutter I
Jevln
....
6 16-5
t 8
16 20
2 8-5
S 8
2 4
-I. Martin....
Jullman
Time— H. :25H; 4. :fW4; %, 1:15%; mile, 1:42. Winner, Duke & Wtuhard's ch. c. by Imp
Great Tom-Endurance. Good start except Milt Young. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Stamina won In a humorous sort of a way. M^rops was "heavily backed. Strongoll Is
a rank actor at the post. He collided In a false breakaway with Balista. Later he Inter-
fered with the latter at head of stretch. Ballpta was again inclined to swerve
(\ m T A THIRD RACE— Seven
and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Mm.
%m.
%m. Str.
653 Joe Mussle, 6 It5| 8
638 Cavallo, 6 .....112 I"
' 619 Wyoming, 6 112 4
507 Outaway, 6 115 3
840 Cabrillo, a :.115! 5
663 Una Colorado, ( 112] 2
440 McPryor, 6 112 8
660 Merry Boy. 6 112 7
653 Joe Mussle, 6 115 8 81 73 51 14- 11 Bawinger .... 20 40
m Cavallo. 5 112 \ V 6h 6 4 8 1 2h 2 1 Hahn 10 20
610 Wyoming, 6 112 4 14 2h 14 31 82 H. Shields 2 9-10
507 Outaway, 6 115 3 34 34 44 64 4 4 Mackltn 15 20
640 Cabrillo, a :.115! 5 2h lh 21 44 66 H. Martin.... 2 4
6S3 Una Colorado, ( 112 2 8 64 64 86 6 10 Bullman . 4 K
440 McPryor. 6 112 8 71 8 8 7 1 7 2 F. Bennett...] CO 300
660 Merry Boy. 6 112 7 42 44 74 8-8 Beauchamp^. 12 16
Tlme-K, :2f>4; 4. :♦»*; %. 1:024; %. 1:284- Winner, Ewnshaw Brothers' ~b.~hTby~im D
Cavalier-Spinster. Good start. Won first three driving. p#
Shields on the favorite upset the broth. Cavallo wae best as fhe race was run Joe
Mussle finally ran to work. Outaway stopped, likewise Cabrillo. Merry Boy was not so
gay to-day.
Scratched— Credo 109, Schnitz 115, TwojCheers 112.
61
6 h
i|
2 h
8
7 1
4 2
7 3
5 4
2h
3 4
1 h
6 4
8
4 4
51
8 1
\M
2 1
I*
7 4
1H ■
2 h
3 1
6 4
i?
7 1
_8 ■
1 1
2 1 ■
8 2
4 ft
I 6
8 10
7 2
8
Oye I FOURTH RACE—
: purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Agft. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(649) Ferrier, a i
631 Joe Ullman, 6 1
643 Guilder. 4 :
(660) Orion, 5
643 Imperious, 4
655 Highland Ball. 4....
656 Bonnie lone, 4 '
1 .
2
4
3
6
7 :
6
2 H
6 H -
3 Mi
1 1
jf
2 H 21
6 1 4 1
7 5 4 ,
12 V 1U •
41 3 4
3.1^- 6 4
6 Vi ' .7 ■
.1 112-
• 8 4 2 4
2 4 3 14
1 5 4 4-44
6 1 6 1
6 % 6 1
jtter ... ,
>encer
ennepsy ....
, Martin
'auchamp . .
syln
Time— %, :26»4; H. :«H; %■ 1:02%; %. 1:28%. Winner. W. S. Hobarfs ch! h. by Falsetto-
Imp. Cinderella. Good start. Won easily. Second and third drlvlnp.
Ferrler was fortunate. Ullman could have beaten him hands down. Money didn't ro
that way. though. Muddy going will suit Orion. He was played. Imperious and Highland
Ball were unfortunate. That Is. In not bolng selected.
Scratched— Don't Skip Me 104, Tammany Ha.ll II 1'W, Judge Stouffer 106.
/>7fl FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling;
OlUi purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
%m. 4m.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(548) Rey del Tlerra, 6..1<
6. r >8 Topmast, 6 li
(663) Espionage, 3 1
858 Morinel, 4 1
1 12
2.2%
3 8 1
4 4
12
2 1
I*
1 14 1 14 11
2 1 2 3 23
3 1 3 3 3 8
'K 4 4
1 2
23
3 6 .
4
rn....
6-5
8-6
4
12
s
Time— 4, :18: %. :S8: 4. :504: %. 1:03%; «,' 1:28: mile, 1:41^4; 14m, l:53%7 Winner E
W. Purser"B b. h. by Prince of N T orf oik-Hal dee. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving.
Just .a gallop for the winner. Just an outing- for Tnpmart and Just a snooze for EsDion-
age. This race wan easy to guess. Everybody beat it. • t
ftT7 S1XTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse, $400.
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
y*m.
Str.
Fin.
6fi9 Allyar. 3 !
687 Ed Gartland II, 4...:
539 Sombre. 3 1
647 blmewater. 3 1
floi Mclvin Burnham, 4.:
66R Little T G, 4 :
' 659 Allyar, 3 ....106 l :_•... ... 15 15 IS 15H Martin 1-2 sk
687 Ed Gartland II, 4... 3 ... 3 6 3 10 2 2 2 4 tollman "I
539 Sombre. 3...- ....101 1 2 .... 2 1 .21 3 6 .31 Devln M "— 4 *
. 647 Islmewater. 3........106 6 , . .... 5 4 42 4 10 . 4 10 BeauchamD ' " 8 12
601 Melvin Burnham. 4.112 4 •'•...■ 6 .6 62-56 Roullller " 100 ' finn
66S Little T G. 4.. ■■■...107 5 ■ ... 43-51 .6 6 ~ O?mmlSw^_M^%> ■
• Timfr-3-16, :18%; 7-16, :42; 54f. 1:084. . Winner, P. Dunne's b. c. by Hlmyar-Aroon. Bad'
■tart. Won easily. Second and third driving. . ■ - , , - a
Martin on the winner shot the chutes. Beat the gate half a dozen lengths Bomb™
grew weary chasing him, and was beaten for the place. ' ■-. ■•■■^i '-:^~ ■:-■■■■ '
Scratched— 106, Whltcomb 113, Storm Kin* 116. Novla 107, Dlara 10«, Lord Maxmlon
U2- . . . : '^ ■■■WV J ■■■ .-.■:■ . ■ -- ■ :
l--v. ... !■
I :::
3 ...
2 ...
6 : ... .
■*■■" ...
5- . ...
1 5
3 6
2 1
I*
43
1 5
3 10
2 1
4 i
6
5 1
1 5
22
3 6
4 10
E 2
8
1 S
2 4
8 1
4 10
5 6
6
Martin
Iman
In
urhamp ..
illlier
imlngs . . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1899.
JOE MUSSLE
A WINNER ON
HIS STRENGTH
Outlasted Cavallo and
Wyoming,
A 100 TO 1 SHOT IN THE RING
FEBBIEB WON . A PECULIAB
LOOKING BACE.
Bey del Tierra First in "Bag-time."
Caldwell "Was Good to Allyar.
Three Favorites Were De- N
feated at Ingleside.
Just an ordinary rank outsider in j the
betting, Joe. Mussle, caused quite a ripple
of excitement at Ingleside yesterday. Joe.
with a colored brat- named Bas6ingeT on
hi. back, was a starter in the third re
cital, a seven-furlong jaunt,? and one or
two • layers of ' prices chalked ' 100 to 1
against his name. Forty and fifty to one,
though, was fancy enough for most of the
books. Basslnger, with his mount, was
away, none too well, but managed to tele
phone both Wyoming, the favorite, and
Cavallo, another 'outsider, ln ; the last
stages, and won like a real good one.
Wyoming, lookin-*-' all over a winner, re
sponded to one bell and didn't get two
more in time to. beat Cavallo for. the
place, Quite a number of tickets were
cashed over the victory. of the long shot.
This was about the. only striking feature
of the day's doings. Incidentally, three
favorites were rocKed to sleep a common
occurrence. It is probable the talent and
books broke about even., y : ?i
There was nothing to the two-year-old
dash- but Ed Corrigan.'s entry, Sardine.
The daughter of Bassetlaw * was a pro
nounced favorite, and won under reefed
sails, stepping the three furlongs in 0:36"^.
Mountebank, under Piggott's hard' urging,
took the place from Tar Hill.
Duke & Wishard's colt Stamina received;
the passover in the betting on the mile
selling event, and won * hands down at
odds of 4 and 5 to 1. Strongoll led for.
over half the distance and then collapsed
completely. Stamina assumed the lead,
winning easily from Merops, an outsider.
Balllsta, the favorite, ran well to the
stretch turn, where he was interfered
with by Strongoll, and went to pieces. .
The capture of the seven-furlong run,
fourth on the card, will "Dear a little pep
per and salt. Hobart's horse undoubt
edly received the appointment, and 'with
assistance won out cleverly from Joe Ull
man. The latter was pounds the' best,
but was taken out of the running the first'
part by Rutter to last place. The favor
ite, Imperious, ran unplaced. : The win
ner was quietly backed at odds of 3 to 1.
The mile and a furlong purse event was
a procession. Hey del Tierra, with Bull
man up, took the lead at the start, fol
lowed by Topmast and Espionage, and
they finished in that order. The latter
received no ride whatever. Morlnel was
the only other starter.
In the closing chapter, Allyar, the odds
on choice, was in receipt of a catapult
start, and never landed until he struck
the wife, five lengths ahead of Ed Gart
land. Sombre was third.
1 m
Track Notes.
The following dates have been set tor
the two year old stakes of the California
Jockey Club: • ??;.*'
Saturday, March 4—llooo, the Racing
stakes; four furlongs.
Monday. March $1000, the Flying
stakes (fillies); four furlongs.
Thursday, March 23— $_-_.. the Water
house stakes; lour and a half furlongs.
Thursday, March 30—11250, the General
Arthur cigar stakes; four and a half fur
longs. •.*.:<,• •
Thursday, April 20-12000, the Gebhard
. stakes' Futurity course. • . '■ . ''_.
Monday, April 24— 51500, the Candelaria
handicap; five furlongs. . "
Jim Nowell, the affable, good looking
cashier of one of George Rose s field
books, has so far failed to discover the
owner of the ladies' gold watch and chain
which he found on Market street. Owner
can obtain same by proving property. '
"■;■':.-. To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling. ■■■yy '■■'"
... Truxlllo 112' 510 Carrie U 107
. 81 Imp. Alien lOit 668 McFarlane 109
.649 Primrose 112 670 Beau Monde..... 109
667 Tyro 109 604 Thyne .....V 106
654 Bobbins 109 642 Sevoy 106
496 Ballverso 106 1 651 Perseus •••••™f
601 Cyard ............106 638 Initiator 109
654 Roadrunner ."....112 606 Henry C 109
... Elmer F.. .....-.:. 109 ; 541 Socialist 106
Second race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing-. . •
651 Rapldo 111 1 536 Major H00ker.. .106
... Claudlana 109 543 Zarro ....... ....IU
670 Our Climate 11l (400) Tom Calvert....
. Third race— Ona mile; selling; four-year-olds
and upward. ■■/• ■>-•
674 Merry Boy. 109 1 535 All 5m0ke.. .....107
631 Fred -Gardner.. ..112 657 Bonlto ...........102
... Deer F00t...... ..104 653 Meadow Lark,. .109
648 The Dipper. 101 1 653 Naranja 107
200 Chas. Relf 109 669 Two Cheers 109
668 Einstein W...... .104 ! * yry-y
Fourth race— Four furlongs; two-year-old colts
and geldings; the Malowansky stakes. $1000.
... Dlomed .115 I ... Sir Eger 118
626 Lomond 118 ... Slsquoc , 118
(6S3)Golden Rule.... 115: 553 Catulus .118
Fifth race— furlongs; three-year-olds .
and upward; selling.
. 671 Mldllght .........1041. 657 Petrarch 106
640 Zamar II 106 I (657)Tam'ny Hall 11.109
637 Judge Stouffer..lo6 1 671 Montallade ...;.. 108
Sixth race— One mile; handicap. yy
664 Satsuma ...... .112 ' «77 Limewater ...... 90
'658)Davld Tenny..,.llo | 665 Morelllto 110
(665)Ad'ph Spreckels. 109 I •
;?yy ? Selections for To-Day.
First Truxlllo, ' Perseus, Initiator. 5
Second race— Tom Calvert, Major Hooker, Our
Climate. -
' Third race— Smoke, Deer Foot, Einstein.
Fourth race— Golden Rule. Lomond, Catalus.
Fifth race— Mldllght. Montallade, Zamar 11.
I Sixth race— David Tenny, Satsuma, Adoiph
Spreckels. •', ' Y- '"./•/'
■ _ — :
No Baces at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 14.— races
were postponed to-day on account of cold |
weather, " ■ --■•
?•• Elks to Go to the.Theater.
San Francisc. Lodge No. 3. of the Be- I
hevolent' Protective Order !of ' Elks will i
do honor to Brother Frederick Warde on
Thursday evening by attending in a body
the James-Kidder- performance of j
"Macbeth" at the Columbia-Theater.
■.. " ' '
-__EET_N_- NOTICES?
MOUNT Morlah Lodg. No. : 44, *F. and m
A. Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) m Jk
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- TCjf
gree. • . /▼>
- THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. m
M., Chapter Hall, Masonic Temple.— __■%
D. Ist THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN-
ING, February 15. at .7:30 o'clock. By /▼>
order of the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec. .
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. jr""
" Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _Ji
DAY) EVENING. Feb. 15, at 7:3u'JCjr
'o'clock. Second degree. /▼)
- . . - . THEO. 'E. SMITH, Secretary. -
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— a
Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- J%
DAY) EVENING, -at 7:30 o'clock, if V
Third Degree. />rN
- * ■ , C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 165, I. O. O. .**»*.
• F.— There will be an initiation 4s_*__flSe_:
on THURSDAY -EVENING, Feb. : 55*|Bg5= ?
16, 1699. It "is necessary that, all -^wfw^-
" brothers attend. Visiting brothers cordially
Invited. JOHN STEVENSON, N. G. I
F. D. ASHWORTH, Recording Secretary..
THE Knights of the Red Branch will 'm
hold a moat Important meeting at ,V_t
their hall. cor. Mason and O'Farrell Kt*?jl
eta., THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- ***r
IN (J, Feb. 16, at 8 o'clock. A full attendance
of tbe members la desired. The society will
publicly celebate the 121 st anniversary of the
birth of ROBERT EMMET on March 4 at
Metropolitan Hall. The exercises - will be
musical and literary. GOVERNOR GAGE
will preside and MAYOR PHELAN will de-
liver the oration.. THE PRESIDENT.
HARMONY Alliance No- 15, 8. P. A. 7^7~
..of A.— Brothers, you are hereby no- rVsory
' titled to attend a special meeting rJvStfQ
WEDNESDAY EVENING, Feb 15, KyjTj
to make arrangements for the funer- 3 t?-- r
al of our late brother, JAMES GLOVER.
Fraternally, JOHN GANEY, President.
JOSEPH O'BRIEN, Secretary. y ' -
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- p.
clsco • Bricklayers' Association will be il
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- J*
• ING, February 15, 1899, at B'nai B'rlth "_#V
Hall, 121 Eddy at., at 8 o'clock. A full **?_£/
attendance requested. Business of im- rWb
portance. E. J. BRANDON, Pres. J_ .
AUSTRIAN Military and Benevolent -J*. '
Association the members are re- Ijjjfife
quested to attend the funeral <>( our SHi__E£
late brother, B. MILOSOVICH, TO- »_3^
MORROW (THURSDAY), Feb. 16. '«■""
' 1899, from our hall, • 507 Sutter street, at 1
o'clock p. m. M. PERICH, President.
P. SAULOVICH, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the WESTERN
BEET SUGAR COMPANY will be held at the
office of. the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, California, on WEDNESDAY, the
Ist day of March, 1899, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve -for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Feb-
ruary 28, 1899, at 12 o'clock m.
- ROBT. DXNARD, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission,. having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from F. M. Phelps, in the Cedar
Creek. Mine, near Fair Play, El Dorado Co.,
to deposit tailings ln Cedar Creek; from A.
B. Jacks, in the Badger Hill Mine; near
Spanish Ranch. Plumas Co., to deposit tail-
. ings In an old pit; from John H. Hoad, In
the Hoad's* Ranch . Mine, • near Merrimac.
Butte Co.. to deposit tailings ln Haphazard
Ravine; and from J. S. Mills, In the Moun-
tain Ranch Placer Mine, near Mountain
Ranch, Calaveras Co.. to deposit tailings ln
'Murray Creek,- gives notice that .a meeting
will be held at room 59. Flood building. San
Francisco, Cal., on February 27. ISB9, at 1:30 .
p. m. ' ..
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting. Contra Costa
Water Company— ls hereby given that
a- meeting of the stockholders of the CON-
TRA COSTA -WATER COMPANY will be
held at the office of . said company in the *
building No. 728 Montgomery St., in the city
and county of San Francls?o,- on THURS-
DAY, the 16th day of February. A.D. 1899. at
, 10 o'clock a. m. All stockholders are ear-
nestly requested to attend; as business of
Importance will come before ' the meeting. ■ .
WM. H. MEAD,
Secretary Contra Costa Water Company.
! THE TRESTLE BOARD, $1 per y«ar: »
weekly, sc; monthly, lOo; sold by all _.#\-
newsdealers. Offlce, 40$ California st., TK_jT
; San Francisco. • /v\ **
~~- SPECIAL NOTICES. . "
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. $19 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or* country- - PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10: tel. 5530.
i jg
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND. NOTlCE.— Dividend .No. .64 (twen-
ty-five . cents per share) of the Hutchinson
. Sugar Plantation Company will be payable
at the offioe of the company, 327 Market st.,
on and after Monday,. February 20, 1899.
.Transfer books will close on Tuesday, Feb-
. ruary 14, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
A YOUNG German woman wishes .work, by the
day; best references. Apply MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter. '.'"...: •'-;-,•-.'". .
A SWEDISH house girl; good cook, strong and
willing; $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON, 318 Sutter.
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
and houseworker; references; city or. country.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter. . j. "yy
A? YOUNG Swedish second girl, " with best ref-
erences: $15. NORTON. 313 Sutter, y
COMPETENT • girl, understands- German and
American i cooking, 'wishes ■ situation; 2 years'
references. MRS. HIRD, 631 • Larkin. Tele-
phone, Sutter. 52. •
■ , : — £ 1 ! — -
-FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation; best
of references; city or country. MISSCUL-'
LEN. 325 Sutter st. ■;■-'.->, - : -. ■ •.. -.
TWO competent German girls desire positions;
'. city or country: > $20 and $25. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 418 Powell; tel. Main 3332. •
COMPETENT second girl, : best ' of references,
desires situation. J. F. CROSETT CO., 316
• Sutter st. y y y . , ...:-..;■ . .■ .-
WE want girls , for -housework; -city or coun-
try: good wages. ' WESTERN LABOR BU-
. REAU. 541 Clay st. 7 7 ;
SEND your orders for female help to Western
-.Labor Bureau, - . 541 : Clay .. St.. or Tel., . Green
681. 7. We fill ' your orders , free. ' ' - ,
FEMALE help, any nationality: reliable; fur-
, nished free. N. LOEWENSTEIN, 1073% Mkt.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Contlnned.
THOROUGHLY competent girl wishes j house-
work; ls a good cook and laundress; please
state wages and number in family. Box 114
. Call. . '
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation ; city
". or country; good cook; willing and obliging.-
Address 37 Third St., room 7.
SITUATION wanted by a woman to assist In
general housework or chamberwork. 389
Geary st.
LADY wishes position in kitchen or small
boarding house; capable and understanding
her business; $10 per month. 9 Boston place.
STRONG Scandinavian girl to do general
housework. Call 19 Morris aye., bet.' Harri-
■ son and Bryant and'sth and 6th sts.
WET nurse— Young woman desires position as
wet nurse; best • references. Inquire Dr.
Lamb, 1236 Market st. '. ,* y ... ' , .
A GOOD woman wants work in kitchen or
boarding house; accustomed to doing such
work. Box 115, Call office. .v.
YOUNG woman wants washing. Ironing or
cleaning by the day. Call or address 1217
• Howard st. - y <.'••-.'.
GERMAN girl wants housework; reference.. 65
Minna st. .
YOUNG woman wishes position as wet nurse
Call 141 San Carlos aye. ■ y ;
YOUNG- woman wishes position as cook; city
references; no postals. 1825 Market st.
NEAT Danish girl for. hpusewortc; reference;
$16. Please call 33 Juniper st., off Folsom.
WOMAN wishes position to do housework; city
,or country; small wages. 131 Third. •
GERMAN glri *» wishes situation to do house-
work and plain cooking. • Call 720 Valencia,
bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth. ■ . '
A YOUNG girl to do light housework or to
take care of baby. 3356 Eighteenth St., near
Capp. .'-.• : « / • •
SUPERIOR Infants' nurse desires a • situation;
best of references. 719". Bush st.
EXPERIENCED governess desires situation;
English branches and music. 316 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED Invalids' nurse desires work
In family or sanitarium. . 316 Sutter st. "--... -
A GIRL wishes a place as housework In small
American - family; wages,? $15. 'Please call
. 257 A Clementina st.,- near' Fourth.
SWEDISH girl- wishes, situation in American
.-family to cook; no postals. 217 A Francisco.
YOUNG lady would like' position as stenogra-
pher; experience more necessary than salary.
Address R. A. P., box 86, Call office. y
SITUATION wanted .by . respectable young
woman as ' houseworker or chambermaid.
Please call or address 737 Howard st., room 6B.
GOOD, quick dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day. Box 97? Call.
EXPERIENCED dr&esmak<»r, good cutter and
fitter, $1 50;- cuts by tailor system; suits re-
modeled; suits made in 2 days. Address M.,
2528 Mission st . • . .
LADY cook, all-around' wants, head chef's
place; a man., second cook; cook, ' English,
French, German and Hungarian, do all flrst-
class. baking,- 'first-class carver; flrst-class
references. 242 Natoma st.
GOVERNESS wishes position; quiet,, refined
young lady; piano, voice culture, German,
.English; thoroughly experienced musician;
country or will travel;' references. Box 80,
Call. . ■
YOUNG woman wan's situation as working
housekeeper; thoroughly capable; city or
country. Call evenings, 58 Third St., r. 548.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
A— WESTERN Labor Bureau, -641 Clay it., tel..
Green 681, furnishes reliable male or female
help, any nationality, free of charge.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 80 Geary St.; tel Grant 5«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlca;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel.. East 436.
! STATIONARY engineer wants employment; 34
years of age; can run and keep up any kind
engine manufactured ln the United- States;
do all repairs; has 10 years best of refer-
ences. Address box 117, Call office.
WANTED by young man— A position as stenog-
rapher and typewriter, with a view to gain
experience rather than receive salary; good
references, -Address, box 119, Call offlce.
A GENTLEMAN, 31 years of age, would take
care of Invalid in private or would travel ;
has experience; charges reasonable. 540. East
Sixteenth st., East Oakland.
FARMER and wife wish work on ranch; man
good farmer; woman good cook; would take
' charge of place; small wages; references.
406". Gough st.
YOUNG man 'of experience desires place with
dairy: city preferred; references. Address
EARLL 245 Seventh at.
— Situation as gardener; good refer-
ences given. Address HENRY CLYNE, 734*_
Natoma St., city.
AN experienced • cutter wishes position; la alao
a good tailor; 10 years' experience. Address
box 1810, Call offlce. • ' . :r.v r >
JAPANESE boy seeks situation; light house-
work preferred; wages no object. S. 1., 22
Prospect place. •
A STRONG young man wants position; reli-
able and steady. -Address box 113. Call.
BOY, 17 years old, speaks German and Eng-
lish, wishes position; $4 a week. Address 82
East Park st.
YOUNG married man, speaking few modern
languages, .very willing, ' would like perma-
nent position where he can advance himself.
Box. 84,- Call offlce.
GERMAN gardener desires steady situation,
with German preferred; not able to speak
English. Address 1208 Stevenson st. . ;?
CROCKERY and drug packer -wishes position;
15 years' experience; good references. - Ad-
dress box 88, Call offlce. :'.y: yy,.-:. V: .'y-y ~
A POSITION wanted by competent single gar-
dener: thoroughly . understands the taking
care of private place: willing and obliging;
references. Address Gardener, box 94, Call.
RESPECTABLE young Swlsa, speaking Ger-
man and English, desires position in private
. family, hotel or lodging house: willing to do
any job around the house; understands the
care horses. Call or addresa A. T., 664 Castro.
RELIABLE gardener, 20 years' practical ex-
perience in all branches, desires position; city
or country: good references. Address 8., box
95, Call office. -
BOY' desires to learn machine trade or black-
■ smithing; age 15; 'seventh grade In school;
can give references from past employers: 838
- Mission at.
PRACTICAL gardener would like position; ca-
pable of taking entire charge of private place;
city or country; thoroughly understands
. horses, cows, chickens, etc.; also handy with
tools; best -of references. Box 195, Call. *
RELIABLE Japanese cook, with long experi-
ence, wants situation anywhere: best of ref-
erences. T. FRANK, 409% O'Farrell at.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with tools, wants
light work; good home more an object than
Wages; beat of references. Address H. WAR-
REN, 10 Anthony at. - ' * 7 "
YOUNG Frenchman wants a situation in an
. American family; wages no object; wants to
perfect himself in the English language. Ad-
dress A. C. 843 Pacific st.
SITUATION wanted by young man of 26 aa
bookkeepemr or assistant or any office work
Box. 228, Call. .
RELIABLE man wants jobs from real estate
firms to ..repair houses; is a plasterer
bricklayer and whitener and handy with car-
penter's tools. 120 Lexington aye.
SHOEMAKER, flrst-class workman, desires a
situation. • Box 233, Call. ■
HONEST, sober, industrious gardener; under-
• stands the care of lawn, flowers, horses and
o cows; driving; private place; handy and
willing; small wages and good home. Box
203. Call office. ;-.'.• . '
POSITION lii barber shop by young man who
has had some experience; purpose of finishing
learning trade; city or country. Box 140, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. " ■' -.-.'
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & C 0..... PHONE GRANT 185
6 waitresses, different country hotels, $20 to
$25; 3 waitresses, 'city, $20; waitress for bak-
ery, south, $20, fare paid; 3 chambermaids to
■ wait, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses,. $6; 2 lunch
and dinner waitresses, $20; 2 fancy lroners,
'.-; hotel resort, $26. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
- Geary st. .
SWEDISH girl for 2 In family, $25; German
cook, $30; German cook, small family, $25; 25
cooks and housegirls, $15 to -$25; nursegirl who
understands the. care of baby, $10; Scandina-
vian .working housekeeper. $22 50. C. R. HAN-
SEN- & CO., 104 Geary st. -. ■;.
COOK, small boarding house, $25; 4 waitresses
hotels and restaurants. $20 and $6 a week'
dishwasher, $15, and others. J. F. CROSETT
A CO., 316 Sutter St. ■*■>■• ■ \
SECOND girl, American family, $25; 6 cooks In
- American and German families, $25 and $30;
v cook for dairy hands, $25; chambermaid'
' plain washing, private family, $20; -2 nurses'
$20, and a large number of girls for cooking
and housework in : city and country. . 3 -. F •
'■':. CROSETT A CO.,- 316 Sutter st. - . - y, 7: '
WANTED— Number of girls to fill various sit-
uations; city and country. MRS. HIRJD, 631
-.Larkin st. '■'- ■.-;•%'.-- '.\'>-y -..-■.. ». •> -y.-. :*;.-,
OVER 100 good positions for' girls at good
wages. WESTERN LABOR "BUREAU. ' 541
Clay st. ■ -,--, ■,-••' o -•'. ; '.
APPRENTICE wanted at dressmaking! MRS
M. G. ALLEN. n« O'Farrell st.
"-.-■:".'.
HELP WANTED— Contlnned.
FRENCH second, girl, $20; French nurse, $20
to $25; chambermaid and laundress, $20; 2
second girls, $20 and $25; housework, San
- Mateo, $15; Livermore, $15; Menlo Park, $15;
Alameda, $20; Cloverdale. $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st ?
A MOTHER, and daughter or two' friends;
. Nevada. MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook, 130. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young- girl, light hoUeework, $15; 10
housework girls, city and country; 8 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. ' ■ ?
HOUSEWORK, 2 in family, $25: "cook, $35;
waitress and seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN,
825 Sutter st. - ' " .-..-■•- •
TWO second girls, $15 each: nursegirl, $20.
MISS" CULLEN, 325- Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $25; country; ranch
cook. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .-.
LADIES to make sample patches at home; $8
to $10 weekly; no canvassing; reply envelope
• for sample and particulars. FOSTER MA-
. CHINE CO., 525 West Twenty-ninth st. New
York. . ...
GIRL for housework where cook is- engaged;
chamber work and waiting on table; strong
German girl preferred. Apply. 11 a. m. to 2
p. m. 2139 Pierce st, cor. Clay st. *
EXPERIENCED hand-sewers. finishers and
sewing machine operators. Apply bet.. 9 and 12
J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO., 412 Polk st
Must work in .factory, ...
WANTED— German .girl to take care , of 4-year-
old child, assist with upstairs work; wages
$10 to $12. Apply 2110 Vallejo st.bet. Webster
and Fillmore. . •'" .? .
WANTED Young woman for general house-
work. Apply SW- corner of Aehbury. and Oak
sts. after 10 o'clock. -.:---.
WANTED— neat woman' to do light house-
work and assist In caring for Invalid lady.
Call 1219 Golden Gate, aye. -. .
EXPERIENCED finishers on infants* caps and
White work;, good" hand's can make good
wages. 547 Market st ' 7
YOUNG girl (German preferred) to assist In
feneral housework. 3443 Sixteenth St., cor. of
anchez. "
NEAT young girl, to assist with general house-
work in family of 3. Call 10 to 4 at 2515 Broad-
way.. ; •' . ; .-' '•';• -- :;V-
-WANTED— flrst-class hands to do cord-
ing on skirts, etc". Apply to H. FRIED-
LANDER, 338 Fell st.
APPRENTICES for hair work at G. LEDER-
ER'S, 123, Stockton st. '"■ * ' ■
YOUNG girl for light housework. . 1633 Oak" st
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher; good place for
good worker. 26 Tehama. .-...■
GOOD operator on vests; $9 week. R, THOM-
AS. 14 Grant aye., r. 65. .
GIRL to assist light housework; sleep home.
. 1317 A Clay, near Jones. . '
TWO waist finishers; two skirt finishers. MRS.
HAMILTON. 225 Grant aye.
OPERATORS on ladles' wrappers and .waists.
MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st.
A YOUNG girl for light housework ln family
of 3. 1126 Buchanan st.
GIRLS for light housework: wages small. 1128
Folsom st., between 7th and- Bth.
YOUNG girl for housework and assist with
children. Apply 'in afternoon at 2212 Pine st
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts; best pay;
steady work. BRENNER-ULMAN CO., 19
Battery st. -•'■. y : -y ?- ;y ; -.y
WANTED Experienced operators to sew on
men's shirts and underwear; a few Inexperi-
e nced will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
and 2 p. m. at the L. ELKUS CO., 29-31 Bat-
tery st.
WANTED— German girl for light house-
work and care of children; wages, $15. 1018
Folsom st.
YOUNG lady, thoroughly understanding hair
trade. S. STROZYNSKI, 24 Geary, st.
TO dressmakers— Representatives' wanted every
- town for newest dresscutting system; cuts
every garment: ladles, gents, children; small
capital. Address PROFITABLE, box 98, Call.
WANTED— GirI to assist with children and
housework; no cooking; moderate wages and
good home. 906 Powell .at. - '
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' silk and
shirt waists; power. 409 Turk st.
GIRL for upstairs work; also girl to do cook-
ing. 1130 O'Farrell st. •-
WANTED— steady finishers on pants. 560
'. Fourth st., near Brannan. . ' •
YOUNG lady, not over 20, to sell cosmetlca ln
the country; good salary. Apply between-
-10 and 12 -a. m.. 40 Geary st. -
~ I HELP WANTED
C. R. HANSEN & CO ;. Phone, Grant 185
Cook, country hotel, $40; second cook, coun-
try, $35; butcher, $30; baker's helper, $5 to $6
.. a week and found; polisher and starcher, $30
and found; house porter, $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. ■ • . . .
MAN apd wife, private place, -country,. $35;
choreman. $15; milker, $20; woodchoppers,
$1 40 a cord, ship for Skaguay, reduced rates.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Keary st.
A COMPETENT colored, head waiter for a
large country hotel, by the first of the month.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY A READY Phone, Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
; WANT TO-PAY . — .
Foreman for an orchard. No. 1 J0b.....
' 12 farm., orchard and vineyard hands
..25, $20 and $15 and 'found.,
4 pruners for an orchard $20 and found
2 farmers and wives, 3 chore boys for ranches
25 tie makers — 12c, Sc, 9c and 10c each
55 woodchoppers; different places....
* .....;.... ..-............53 and $1 cord
Laborer for a mine .....$26 and found
5 laborers, fare ptfld $20 and found
. Creamery man to. take charge of creamery...
3 boys to learn a trade, city Job $3 week
Furnace man for a. quicksilver mine '
..'. $40 and found
Carpenter, sawmill company $2 60 day
English gardener Scotch gardener
Wheelwright, country shop, see boss here
Metal spinner, country factory
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKERS .?..,.. cooks .-... waiters
' cook and wife... ...6 cooks
4 waiters .'.':.; — 3 dishwashers
Boy for a city grocery and help tend bar..
$5 week
Butcher, German, young man... sls and found
Third hand and second hand bakers
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
WANTED .'• -..
Driver for milk route- In city, city -experience
and reference required, $36 per month and
found; coachman for private place near city,
references required, $30 per month and found;
must be English or Easterner; cooks, wait-
ers and other. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay st. . .--':--•
WANTED— French- restaurant. $30;
head waiter, hotel; second cook,- French, $40;
cook, $9 a week; dishwasher, $20: gardener
and do chores, $20; assistant, butler? $30; bell-
boy, $15; porter and ta-^e care of horses; Ger-
, man ironer. $30, and others, at ANDRES, 316
Stockton st. y . •
-WANTED— railroad tie makers, II" cts; farm-
er and wife for Nevada; choreman for ranch.'
$8 and found; Ironer, $30 and board; cooks,
waiters and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
ENGLISH coachman, country, $30; man about
place, $20. R. T. WARD A CO., 608 and 610
Clay. St. ';;\ • ~- ■•, <y,- • .
A VEGETABLE gardener: country; good
. wages. MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
"^^TER, country hotel, $35, arm work. HO-
TEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. J. SCHNEIDER. Act. Sec. 325 Grant ay.
ART goods and molding salesman ot experience
to travel on commission; expense advanced-
new goods afld full and attractive line- give
references. Kern Picture Co., Chicago.
WANTED— Bright man or woman with $300 to
■take charge of city office or travel- money
" secured and $100 per month guaranteed. Box
110, Call. : '-;.!•-.>>•■;
SEVERAL flrst-class watchmakers who can
™ orave'o"0 rave ' 0 " Ca l l at M SCHUSSLER, &
CO.'S, Claus Spreckels building. • /
6 YOUNG men, neat appearance, want. a at
once. Apply bet. 8 and 12 morning "*ON-
GAN, 541 Clay st. :■ :'■
SHOEMAKER— First class on repairing, for
country. Call early at 726% Howard ?*-. bet.
Third and Fourth.
. YOUNG man to take orders, assist in butcher
. shop; Western Add, preferred. 1608 Post st.
OPERATOR on vests; good wages machines
by power. 641% Stevenson st. -. .
GOOD : barber for Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. : 402 Brannan st. ;
BUSHELMAN and presser on custom coats.
541 Market St. . . /
• A GOOD coat maker wanted. 1252 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS preßser an ladies' cloaks and
s_ suits at 810 Howard St.- /
BOY" from 14 to 17 years of -*- 246 Sutter st
- room 14..- j y *
WANTED— Men to learn th» 7 barber trade for
$3 at 1542 Market st. t
WANTED— BußhelmarT yAUSON A CO.
GET your shoes • half-soled while waiting, 35c
to 50c. 662 Mission st ., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HELP W.iKTEfI- Continued.
WANTED— A good telegraph operator. Addresa
N>ox 100, Call offlce.
HOWARD, 959—2 nice rooms; private family;
$5 and $6 per month. ■ - .
ELLIS, 635— Large nicely furnished room; rent
reasonable. , . __^___ ■' -
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
. nearly new, from 50c to $150; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562. Mission
St.. bet. First and Second sts.; -open Sundays.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Unicra free. employ-
ment office, 1125 Market st; W. BRIDE-
SHAW. Secretary.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 135% Eighth -st
WANTED— At Montana House. 764"4 Mission
St., men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c per
• night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week. ■ .
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 60 a month.
Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts. -
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; 11.
and $12. 1542 Market st .
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel Jessie 1184.
• YOUNG men. seamen, carpenters, blacksmith-,
for ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order.. $2 50; men'a
eoleing. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c. 81.
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863tt Market st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604, Davis st. near Jackson. •
WANTED—To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and alir
room. 25c night . Rosedale House. 321. Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st. below Sixth,
■ for a room: 25c a night ;'s! a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room: rre_
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. j
AGENTS WASTED.
FEW good canvassers: business trade: profits
100 per cent Room 14, 606 Montgomery st
CITY and country, fo sell Leather Lustre: best
2*c article on earth. BROWN. 332 Bush St.
HOUSES WANTED.
FLAT, 5 rooms or part of house unfur-
nished: 3 adults; north of Market. Box -*•.
Pall office. • '
SUNNY cottage of 6 rooms and garden; new
or almost new. 4220 Twenty- fourth st
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— An unfurnished room for $4 to $5,
between Powell and Larkin sts.
i
WANTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
CASH paid for boilers, engines, dynamos, shaft-
lng. pulleys, brass. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission.
~. musical instruments.
A FEW BARGAINS in SQUARES.
Hallett & Cumston square 155 00
Hallett & Davis square 115 00
Fischer' Equate 148 00
Schomacher square •" • 150 00
Bradford square 154 00
All In fine shape; sold on $4 per month pay-
ments; full amount paid allowed If exchanged
ln two years. BENJ. CURTAZ SON.
Chickerlng Agents, 16 O'Farrell st
AS we are selling good upright . pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
• gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased, for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
telnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
fts., San Francisco,- and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
. west of Chicago ls KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
. all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms eaSy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
1 customer. .
1 A MAGNIFICENT Hardman upright, figured
; mahogany case, .almost new.- a bargain; a
I new organ cheap for cash. THE J. DEWING
[ CO., second floor Flood building.
; THE best bargain in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock ln their elegant new rooms.
ELEGANT upright; a sacrifice; parties' going
to Europe. Address 340 Jersey St., near Cas-
■ tro. . -'•:-'■"■ yy - .-. •
ELEGANT Hallett A Davis upright, mahogany
case; practically new; sacrificed. Room 10,
Flood building.
NICE Fisher upright, sacrificed by lady, for
$105. Room 21, Flood bldg.
FINE Stelnway, Chickerlng, both uprights, at
a sacrifice. KEEFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos rented, $3 mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Co. Self-playing piano (30 tunes). "560 Hayes.
UPRIGHTS, $69 up: installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 -up. (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent "for
Francis- Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ. It
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best". BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
A PIANO that -will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post"st.
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
• lER A CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st. "
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H*
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
' • EDUCATIONAL. ~ "
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; aa-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice!
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st";
shorthand, typing,, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers-
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates- day'
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE
1236 Market st. y
ITALIAN lessons, private or at residence: rea-
sonable terms. Address G. MOROAVA
Teacher. 608 Greenwich st. y yy A '
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.: day A eve •
eat. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market
WANTED— Advanced piano Instruction for
French or slicing. Address box 70. Call Office.
FRENCH, ?panf«fh. etc.": Prof. I^lFlTlDpe 7^
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
PIANO. sirring and elocution lessons. Mme.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ELEVENTH. 106-Branch offlce of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DENTISTS.
A FT'LL set of teeth. $3?~Bee~new~flM-u->i^
P ,a ,h S ™A5 ht . an , d . thln: guaranteed 10 years:
ieeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty* fillings. 50c: crowns, $3 50^ all
work painless and warranted. Chicago ben-
til Parlors. 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 113 J.
I>R. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his Wondw-
ful secret method; crowns. $5 f bridges $4-
rubber or flexi' > plates. S3: 'received « first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years?
TEETH without Plates a specialty; full set of
teeth. $."; crowns. $3: fillings. 50c- all work
warranted for ten years. Modern ?*.
Parlors. 8 Mason s.t.. corner of Market .
VAN VROOM Dental .Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators • „„f„
evenings and Sundays. jm^ t0 en
DR.* LUDLUM HILL. ' 1443 Mart,.* . '
i________gsjygjgg*_£g?
t gaf^&__sj^_=_r_f
SET of teeth without a plate DR w — 7T
YOUNG.' 1841 Polk st. . *" ale - UR - H ' °*
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 v Ba -r,„. I — Tl —
$4- filling »-nM er!X. 7*. Kearny; set of teeth
__.!__' gold. 60c; silver. 25c: crowns. $3.
I **' " tITE
LVTr sll?^^^;^_^y
. prices. ALEXAND^jgo% sampTes Pa
u.,__AMD_R & C 0. .110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, J22STcIS£ ra p n $15. Toet r5 .
L sample work. SCOTT. 233 Montgomery st!
MACHINES. '
$2 MONTHLY, rented; -_-_.«!-_ ■-*-■-". rr~
machine supplies. 14^jggpgg^,.'°^ ;
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged rented-*
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth it.
SToaAGi! """
PIERCE A TA?l<o^tortiycoi^ n y^^
ing: 735 Market St.; tel.. Black 311 ****"
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving
Offlc. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel.. Mala 571_CBUSINESS CHANCES.
A— "S00; CORNER saloon on Battery Etreet Pdo^
ing a splendid business; rent $45; established
many years; large stock; patronized by mer-
% ,?i l U?. nd commission dealers. Call WILKE
& 1 NEI'G, 906 Market St.
$500; HALF Interest in old established gro-
cery and bar on Third st. ; one partner must
leave on acc ount of family affairs lor the i
Last. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A 6oo Saloon wlth 7 furnished rooms; rent,
*b0; doing a splendid business; located close
to Call building; no better offer in the mar-
ket. ILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A-S3OO-BRANCH bakery and restaurant en
'iayes st.; living rooms; rent $25; best open-
ing for man and wife. Inquire WILKE & .
UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A $800— RESTAURANT on Ellis st?? finely
fitted up; doing a large trade; rent paid up
to April; will be sold on account of sickness
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$400; BARREL route clearing $75 per month-
horse, wagon, furniture; O X investment'
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— 1400; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; kept
by owner S years; l block from City Hall-
rent *». WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$600— RESTAURANT; positively best part East
et.; value in sight; business : peaks for itself; i
this extraordinary offer holds good for 3 days I
only; don't fail to see. M. LESS. 765 Market. !
$250— SALOON, north of and ear Market St.; i
central: full value In sight; place worth $500 j
if worth one cent; owner sick in bed. hence i
this sacrifice. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$450— SALOON", with 11 rooms; established 20
years; house filled; big bar trade; has al-
ways paid and is paying now; no better bar- |
gain to be found; full Investigation. M. :
LESS. 765 Market st.
$200— SALOON and lunch bouse ln wholesale j
district: best class of trade; place worth $400. I
but must be sacrificed. M. LESS. 765 Market. I
FOR pale— A two-story building; two stores '
on first floor; 13 rooms on second floor; al- |
ways rented; on Stanford place, opposite sta-
tion; this property Is in the heart of Bcrke-
lej- and must be sold.
Two buildings for sale; two stores on first
floor; rooms upstairs; all rented; on Tele-
graph aye.: half a block from university;
this propertj- is bound to improve, and is a
business center; must be sold; good chance
to Investigate. D. J. TOBIN, 2121 Stanford
place, Berkeiej'.
ONE stone quarry with all the tools and ap-
purtenances, and crusher, etc. : must be sold.
Apply to D. J. TOWN". Real Estate and In-
surance Agent, 2121 Stafford place, Berke-
ley. ■
RESTAURANT— Must be sold; 14 tables; es-
tablished S years; $30 a day trade; 25c house;
regular boarders, $4:' worth $10C0; sickness.
WESTERN INVESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
AS we sell more business than all others, for
quick sale see us; no cost. Western Invest-
ment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain.
steady man satisfied with $15 to $_* a week;
no experience required. WESTERN INVEST-
MENT CO.. 9 Geary at
BARGAINS— ReIiabIe business exch.; 41 3d st.
Grocerj- and bar.. s2oo Paying saloon $100
Restaurant 150 Fruit store 125
Branch baker] — 150 1 Cigar store 175
216 bargains: rare chances; investigate. We
buy & sell any business or anything of valu'.
THE German- American Real Estate Agency
and Business Brokers have removed to 112
Kearny st. from 1027". Market. Call and get
a list of property for sale an.i exchange; also
many bargains in business chances.
CORNER grocery and bar: bargain to make !
quick sale. McLAI GHLIN A CO, 777 Mkt. j
i $2000— CORNER saloon, established 30 years; |
present owner retiring from business, old age
the cause; receipts $25 to $35 dally. Mo- i
LAUGHLIN _.- CO., 777 Market St.
HARTLEY & CO., 1206 Market St., established
ISSS, have the best bargains in the city in I
every line of business; we buy, sell or ex- I
change business of any kind. Apply HART- j
LEY & CO., 1206 Market st.
A— TO buy or sell j-our business quick for cash,
apply to MOON & CO.. 10CS4 Market st.
FINE paying cigar store; principal street
north of Market; cheap rent: bargain. MOON,
1008H Market st.
$700— Blacksmith shop in a good country town;
paying business. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
A— s62s; meat market; receipts $50 per day. 11.
C. DECKER 1020 Market st. ■ .
WE buy. sell or exchange business of any kind.
Apply NATIONAL AGENCY. 7 Grant aye.
1 FOR sale Saloons, groceries, cigar stores, res-
taurants, cheap. National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
. ! , —
PARTNER with small capital in good grow-
ing business. See N. LOEWENSTEIN, 1073*4
Market st. : •-
S9OO— CORNER grocery and bar; trade $18 per
day; good stock and fixtures. CITY BUSI-
NESS AGENCY. 1032 Market St. .
STEAM LAUNDRY FOR RENT.
A suitable place for laundry or other factory. '
Including one long brick building, one long
wooden shed; also power; this place ls two
blocks from the station. D. J. TOBIN, 2121
Stanford place, Berkeley.
DRUG store for sale: centrally located; good
practice goes with store. Box 118, Call offlce.
$100— SALOON ; East St., bt. Market & Folsom;
cheap' rent; recpts, $12; no agents. Apply Call.
$250— RESTAURANT: must be sold at once;
give offer: party leaving city. 608 Jessie st.
FOR MINING MEN.
A party having a first-class mining prop-
erty desires to meet persons with a view of
arranging to operate same. Box 214. Call.
ANY ONE having anything to sell or trade
personal or real estate, will do well to call
at 239 Post st., room 1.
"MEN wanted ln every count y, in the State;
good paying business for men With small
capital; ,233 Post st. room 1.
SNAP— IO rooms, all nicely furnished: doctor
pays rent. $26; if taken -this week. $300. 728
Mission st.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee saloon for sale. 965 Mission St., nr. 6lh.
.-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap on account
of sickness. 1131*4 Howard st.
MEN with small capital will do well to call
at 239 Post st., room I.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee saloon for sale. 965 Mission St.. nr. 6th.
A BARGAIN— $50; branch bakery and coffee
parlor: 3 nice living rooms; rent $12; going to
Alaska. 1024 Larkin st.
FOR Sale— Oyster and fruit stand: a bargain.
Apply 1576 Market at., news stand.
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; cheap
rent: sell reasonable. 332 Push st.
SALOON for sale; one block from, Market St.:
good day and night trade. Inquire at liquor
store, 795 Mission st.
CIGAR store; 2 rooms: rent $3; sickness; in-
voice. 1729 Mission St. V-
RARE i bane- to get a good butcher business
near city; well established; no opposition.
Inquire at 1128 Vallejo St., San Francisco.
$IC"— SALOON and 4 living rooms; going to
Alaska; rent $20. 833 Howard st.
FIRST LABS bakery to let. Inquire H. MAU.
712 Valencia st.
SHOE store for sale: all new goods. Addresa
P. O. box 446, Ukiah. Cal.
FOR sale— General merchandise business. Ad-
dress P O. box D. Brentwood. Cal.
BAKERY in country' town; good outside and
Inside trade: 4 horses, 2 wagons, fine stock;
a bargain account of sickness. Apply Call.
MERCHANDISE store stocks of any descrip-
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY. 226 Bush st. ______
FOR Sale— A bargain; flrst-claas grocery store
In Mission district; cash: about $1000. Apply
at TILLM ANN A BENDEL, 318-327 Battery.
COFFEE an' - tea routea runp.lel from GEO.
W. CASWELL A 'OS 4tr. Sacramento at.
f j j -— *
HORSES.
49 HORSES lor sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 227 Sixth; auction sales every Wedn.a-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
"WAGONS AM) CARRIAGES?
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly 'all.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
" LOST. ~
LOST— A bunch of keys on Third, bet. Folsom
and Grant aye.; reward. The finder will
please leave at The Call office.
SHEPHERD dog "Hector": black, saddle and
tan: reward. 142 Tremont aye.
$.' REWARD- Lost Sunday, Feb. 12. gold
buckle pin,. "To my wife, E. I. P.," engraved
on bar on the back. Return to 85A Dorland
st , or to D. T. PHELPS, 13-17 Drumm st.
ATTORNEYS - AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collectiona G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce laws, private estates. J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister St., room 64.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market at. -
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
MINIM.
* DRYWASHERS for dry placer mining; $35 for
6-ton machine; any size made. GEORGE M.
4ALSBURY. 621 X St., Sunset district.
PERSONALS.
MARRY? Send 10c for "Cupid's" list: many !
wealthy members. "Cupid," Postohice box
2636, San Francisco, Cal. .
LEDEREII'S Quinonla Hair Tonic will keep •
j-our hair healthy and make It vigorous; 35c !
bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER. the hairdresser, is famous for his -
elegant and stylish coiffures; price. 25c; |
switches. $1; fine, $2 50; Lederer's Foamo
Shampoo, 6c pkg. Q. LEDERER. 123 Stocktn.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and '
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON. . ,
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. - Trademark
Attorney-at-Law, . --. and Copj-rlght :■;-
No. 4 Sutter St., • \ - Law a Specialty. :
San Francisco. Cal. ..-.., American and Foreign
Send for Circular. . .? Patents Solicited. .
ELECTRIC lights every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;'
free .'bus and baggage, to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture wholesale and re-
tall: all kinds fancy wont to order. X
YOSHITANI A CO.. 313 Sutter st. '/y-'-.y
WRINKLES positively removed by ■ the • Har-
monic Vibrator. 236 Powell St.; test free.
ADVICE free: divorce law r no fee without suc-
cess ATTY. ROSS, 1236 Market, room 127.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm. sets $8; bed ioung-
es $4 60; open ev's. L.J.NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A— Ladles', gent's clothing, furniture, bought
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st!
BERWIN A GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post at., removed to' store 110 Kearny. st. ' ..v.
BATHS 12\_c: 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles.. -34 Fourth St., nr. - Market?
HOME In confinements diseases of women
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 14115 Bth St., Alameda. ...
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices '
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st. : .-.' .-• . -•: ; - •
CLOTHING, especially' ladles' and -children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS" to order on • easy - Installments. ' L.-
LUMPS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth. :
DRESSMAKER .
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, milli-
nery; patterns cut. McDowell Sch., 103 Post, j
SAN FRANCISCO. Ladies' French Tailoring j
College. 916 Market: men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dress made. $5 to $6: dress made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st. ■_
MRS. SEELEY— FIower test circle, 2 p. m. I
and 8 p. m. 104 Ninth st.
KATIE HEUSSMANN called to Calistoga; j
daughter's sickness; see further notice.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an offlce at 315 O'Farrell.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all;. Tues.-Frl.. J p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. MENA. FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
ln San Francisco at 102314 Market st., bet.
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits; will
give correct Information on law suits, sick-
ness, death divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 10231. Mkt.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and j
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read- ,
Ing: la. 50c; g.. $1; sit.. $1 60. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 1039 Mission
st., downstairs: Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25- up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
"and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; 10c: ladles only.
543 Natoma st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
GYPSY life reader: questions correctly an-
swered: Gypsy method taught. 92S Mission st.
' MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
AH CHONG— He knows American fortune tell-
ing. 813 Clay st.
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY. ~
PROF. MONROE, 777 '" Market st. ; future
events, 50: advice, all questions: satisfaction.
PALMISTRY.
MME™NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
malne. 3358 Twenty-first St.. above Valencia;
tel. White 1571: reading by mall $1. :
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush St.; 15
years' experience; references given.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS.
5-room flat: worth $SCO; only 150
46 rooms; corner: clears $250 1,600
10 rooms: near City Hall; very g00d.... 430
15 rooms; fine sunny corner; clears $100. 600
12 rooms on Market: cxc: for large house 500
28 rooms; best cor. In city; owner sick. 2,200
IS rooms; rent $50 (transient): half cash . 1.03*
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
Call on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market at.; es-
tablished ln this city in 1877.
15-ROOM house: clears $100 per month; owner
sick; price $350. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
22-ROOM house: rent only $80; clears $150 per
month; price $S5O. , DECKER. 1020 Market St.
35-ROOM house; rent $50; clears $150; worth
$1200; price $450. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$350-6 ROOMS; Post st.; new furniture.
$200—8 rooms; good locality.
$300—22 rooms; near Baldwin; good transient.
$1000—30 rooms: Berkeley; near university.
$1200—18 rooms: Eddy St.: respectable.
$2200—45 rooms; Eddy st.: central.
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 667 Market st. .
LODGING house of IS rooms, well fitted up.
for sale. Apply to A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
Market st.
HARTLEY A CO., 1206 Market st., established
MB, have the best bargains In lodging-
houses; from 10 rooms to 500: prices from $150
to $3500; part cash. Apply HARTLEY & CO..
1206 Market st.
$150— LODGING house: central; 11 rooms; rent
$20; house filled; bargain. M. LESS, 765 Mkt.
$400—10 ROOMS: all filled: central; principal
street; best class roomers. LESS. 765 Mrkt.
$250— LODGING house. 16 rooms; a sacrlflce;
sickness. McLAUGHLIN A CO.. 777 Market.
NOTICE; 200 lodging houses for sale cheap;
part cash. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
HYDE, Newly furnished sunny house: 14
rooms; mostly rented; fine location; easy
terms. — «— — —^
~ FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of two rooms, complete for
housekeeping. No. 6 Selina place, off Cali-
fornia St.. below Stockton.
ONE 8-foot oak extension table, stair car-
pet, hall carpet? couch, gas heater, etc. 14
McAllister St., room 68.
JIOO— FURNISHED 5-room flat; rent $17; 1 room
rented. 1115 P"olsom st. i _
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
___■_ j* ' V '", ------
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash registers,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
PAYING shoemaker shop: with or without a
new Singer machine. 418 Larkin st.
FINE "Wheeler & Wilson" sewing machine;
guaranteed; only $11. At 130 Eleventh st.
A SCREW-CUTTING lathe, 9-Inch swing, 24
inches bet. centers: small .flrst-class turning
lathe: 1 l'_ horsepower steam engine flrst-
class: 1 flrst-class press drill. L. EPSTEIN,
648 Mission st. -■
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1015-1021-1023 Mission - St..
above Sixth. : - • - ;
PRENTICE screw-cutting lathe; 12-inch swing;
42 'inches between center; foot or power;
everything complete; a bargain. 648 Mission.
FIRST-CLASS pool table for sale. Address
box 240. Call office.
POLYPHONE. $35; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone, Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt.
6 HORSE-POWER Zenith gas engine, nearly
new. Apply 34 Fremont st.
AM Iron Wks.. 515 Second-hand Deane
duplex pump,,7%xlo; 24-ln. planer . & matcher.
poII. ERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second-hand ".WHITE'S. 516-518-520 Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st. ' >
SAFES-Bargalns" in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, 8. F.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
ELLIS, 1464, near Buchanan— Six ' rooms and i
bath; large basement: rent $21. ASHTON &
- GARDINER.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
O'FARRELL, 1452 and Sunny side; 7 i
rooms and bath; $27 50. Key at 1454.. -, - .
PERRY. 21"-}'— -Bay-window house, 4 rooms;
-'- rent- $12 50: water free. . Apply to G. :H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated, y
$37— 12-ROOM house; fine for renting .. rooms.
.29 Oak st. .near Market: Apply 15 Grant aye.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
PARTLY furnished house, or will furnish com-
. plete; 2533 Mission. Apply room 24 Flood bldg.
■ y.7- COTTAGES TO - LET.
SUNNY bay-window cottage, 6 rooms, yard;
also flat 6. rooms and. bath; cheap. 1876 Fif-
•• teenth st., near Dolores..;.. .• . '
$6 EACH, 2 cottages, 5 rms; 2 new tenements,
4 rms. ; nr. 34th, Miss. Apply 64 Silver, off 3d.
_—_—_——, ——————————— ———_—_ i i _— _— _y— — — — — — — — — — — .
FLATS TO LET.
ijC^7^PECKYA~Co7^6'I Market, cor. 3d st.
Brooms, 8519 4th : 6 rooms (cottage), 712
street ....?. ...7...514 Douglass 5t..,..'... 12
■' 5 rooms (cottage),.- 8 rooms (house), 368. • -
'- 39 Erie............ .9 Fell ..?...>.....,.:.. 25
.-• S rooms, ■•■'• 250 ; Te- ■ . 7 rooms (house), 506 ■
V- hama ........... i. .': 7 ■ Leavenworth . ....v 35
.12 rooms : (house), • 10 rooms (house), 303 v
. . ; 695 Ellis .. . ... ; . 55 '■ - Jones ....v>. ..;.:...; "ft
A— 4o NICE flats from $8 to $12; 10 to 30 days*
■■:_ free. SPECK A CO., 667 Market st. '■■ ; ■"".,.. y/
BUSH,' 1207 A —Flat 5 rooms; bath; water free;
rent $15. Apply 12UB. Bush. ■ ' '
FELL, 332-rHandsome.flat; 6' rooms bath;
latest improvements'^ ' -v. '..'•-?.-.
FELL, 511— of 4 rooms; bath; hot and cold
• water; gas; yard and basement; $15 rent. Key.
at 613 Fell st.
FULTON, 118— Fine middle flat. 7 rooms; bath;
near City Hall; $28. ; :.•?? •■ -'. •
FLATS to let for the New Year' by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL; 10 Montgomery st. *».*■
NEW flat, . sunny rooms and bath. 38 Sil-
ver st. ' ''-:';;
N JCE comfortable 3-room flat; newly paperea?
IIOV. Fell at., near Van Ness aye.
SEVENTH, • E43A— Flat 5 rooms, bath, $10
month; furniture for sale.
STEVENSON, 427, bet. Fifth and Slxth-2 fine
flats; rent reduced; apply rear.
VERY pleasant sunny flat; low rent. $31 Guer-
rero St., near Twenty-flrst.
WEBSTER, Nice sunny flat, 5 rooms and
bath, reasonable.
$16—501 Harrison; 5 rooms, bath; large porch;
two weeks' rent to responsible tenant.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAPP, 329, near Nineteenth— housekeeping
rooms, furnished complete for housekpg.; $9.
EDDY, 743—3 or 4 rooms; furnished or un-
furnished; upper or lower floor.
EDDY. 917— Large sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms: every convenience; large garden;
nd children; splendid location; private resi-
dence.
EDDY, Nicely furnished sunny room and
kitchen for housekeeping.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FIFTH, 153H— Sunny suite of rooms, $12; 2
rooms complete for housekeepg; other rooms.
| FOURTH, 225— Nice suite, suitable for light
housekeeping; also single.
: FULTON. 118, near City Hall— l housekeeping
I room, furnished; also sunny front room.
GOLDEN GATE, Elegantly furnished sun-
• ny alcove; housekeeping allowed; cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Large light alcove
room: complete; lldg bed, gas stove, bath; $12.
GOLDEN GATE. 610— Nicely furnished suite,
with kitchen; sun all daj'.
GROVE, 131— One large front furnished room
for housekeeping; running water, gas. bath.
HOWARD, 629—2 large rooms for housekeeping;
running water; terms reasonable.
HOWARD. 704, cor. Third— Nicely furnished
rooms; also housekeeping; transient.
HYDE. Nicely furnished, sunny front
rooms, with bath; $6 to $18.
JESSIE, .39, between Fifth and Sixth— 2 large
connecting rooms, complete for housekeep-
ing; sink and bath; reasonable.
JONES. 117— Neatly furnished sunny suite for
- housekeeping. yy
LEXINGTON aye.. 371, off Twenty-first— 4 fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping. ■
MARKET. 1940-2 . rooms, housekeeping, $10;
others, $5 per month.
McALLISTER, 422—2 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
MINNA, HlU— Furnished housekeeping room,
$1 25; bay-window housekeeping. $1 50 week.
MISSION, 811— Two large rooms, with yard;
furnished for housekeeping; $12.
MISSION, E6S— 3 bright connecting rooms; fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; $10.
MISSION, 949— Two front rooms; complete for
housekeeping; cheap.
MISSION, 943 — 1 or 3 rooms furnished for
housekeeping; cheap. •"* • - V .<
j MISSION, 2133—3 large sunny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; warm belt; running water;
bath
NINTH, 2"-, near Market— 2 connecting rooms,
stove, water, gas, $11; single.
POINT LOBOS aye., Sunny furnished
housekeeping parlors, $12; 2 rooms, $8; also
unfurnished rooms cheap.
POWELL, 903, near Sacramento— Two fur-
. nished hskpg rooms; hot and cold water.
SIXTH, Sunny corner suite of two or three
rooms; furnished for housekeeping.
STEVENSON, 403, corner Fifth— fur-
nlshed housekeeping rooms; complete; cheap;
home comforts.
THIRD, 251— Large sunny housekeeping rooms;
also single; reasonable; respectable.'
TWELFTH, Sunny furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
TWENTIETH, _622, near Valencia— 3 sunny
furnished connecting rooms; bath; sink.
VALENCIA, 191— One sunny double bedroom
and kitchen, furnished, with use of bath.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk., $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c.
AT Stockton, Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT. 1364 Market St.— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 421—9 sunny furnished rooms; cheap
rent.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Sunny
suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 430— Large sunny back room, $6.
EDDY, Nicely furnished, sunny room; $8;
private.
ELEVENTH. 38— Bedroom suitable for two;
stationary washstand; bath; private family.
FIFTH, 109— New management; nicely furnished
rms and offices; suites or single; $1 25 wk up.
FOLSOM, 646—2 unfurnished rooms; large
yard. : •"' ■ .• ■-:■■-..-."-
GEARY, Elegant sunny front room; also
suites; other rooms; privilege light hkpg.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
' Mission— sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GOLDEN GATE. 727— Handsomely furnished
front room: grate; running water; private
family; reasonable.
GUERRERO, 1410— Nicely furnished rooms;
sunny; excellent board; reasonable.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 1312— Pleasant home for lady; very
reasonable to right party.
HOWARD, 1343— Unfurnished room In private
. family. ■ ■ .
MARKET, 1733, opposite Gough— large
bedrooms, suitable for four; sunny.
MINNA, 667," corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week;, transient.
MINNA, 327— newly furnished rooms;
sunny. ■ ' ■ ' '
O'FARRELL. 10— sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator, electric lights: day. week or month. .*
O'FARRELL,' Nice furnished room to rent;
reasonable. - ..•'■■ ~.- .? ■:,' -■ ■ ■' -
PINE. 614 A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
' aunny rooma; single or en suite; moderate.
POLK, Unfurnished sunny front room
also small furnished room. , ,
POST. 633— Nicely furnished front room for gen-
tleman ' private family; reasonable^ .;
POST, 1115— elegant front rooms; running
| water; bath. * ,
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
ROOMS— 3 minutes Affiliated Colleges. Apply
215 Parnassus aye. ■- -.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUNNY front room nicely furnished; grate;
$5 50. . 210 Lexington aye. -
TWELFTH, 210*4— neatly furnished bedroom
for gentleman, with use of bath; private
' family (adults). .
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3387, near Mission— Two
single furnished rooms to let. . ' ■
VAN NESS aye., 911— A nice new suite of par-
lors, suitable for doctor; pleasant grounds;
with every convenience; also single room. -
WEBSTER. Four large handsome sunny
'unfurnished rooms; modern Improvements. ■
': ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
. furniture;- first class ln every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
FIRST, Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite. '.
IN -Western Addition— Pleasant home for mid-
dle-aged lady or gentleman; no other board-
: ers; references exchanged. Address- W. T., : .
Box 92. Call office.- ;
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant ' sunny rooms; ; ex- '
7 7 cellent board; reasonable; table board. ■ 7
TAYLOR, Slo— 2 rooms ln private family; can
accommodate ■'- 4 gentlemen, with ' references;
■',' splendid home table; reasonable.
: ?-y CHILDREN BOARDED. : 7" : 7
GOOD home for 2 children; furnished room for
parent. 61 Clara st.
GOOD, comfortable home, and mother's care,
■ $10 per month. 210 Lexington aye. .
TO board child or Infant. 2655 San. Jose aye.; --
the San Mateo electric cars out Thirtieth at.
pass door. ;:'■■■'] .. ■■" . ;■'■■■
'• ■ — 3
STORES TO LET. - 7
CLEMENTINA. 83— Store 4 rooms; cheap rent.
• Key 23 Clementina st. . '
HOWARD. Store and 4 living rooms, yard
and shed; lately renovated; rent $20.
TWO new stores and living rooms. Just fin-
ished; rent $15. water Included; excellent lo-
cation for delicacies, shoe, tailor or milli-
nery. 2507 Folsom St., bet. Twenty-flrst and
Twenty-second.
TO LET— Store; 4 living rooms. 2943 Mission
St.; $12. ■
108 FIRST st.— Offlce. first floor; well lighted;
rent $10.
■*- •mmmm
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICES, light and sunny, Emma Spreckels
Building, 927 Market St.; rent $12 50. Includ-
. ing light, heat. Janitor and telephone. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, room 210. ■ jy,
_. __— — — ■_ _— ■_— _■——_, —— _— __
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
aiseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
,her a true friend; a home. for patients, with
every comfort; convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
absolutely confidential; satisfaction guaran-
teed, without injury to health, or money re-
funded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy St.,
net. Hyde and Larkin; offlce hours. 10 to 12.
2 to 4 and 7 to 8; phone East 995.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return horn the
same day; positively no instruments used;
self cure. $5; regulator, $1; home In confine-
ment; skillful medical attention; all can save
time and expense; consult the doctor, free
before going elsewhere: hours. 10 to 5 and 7
to 8. MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from Turk
to 916 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and of how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
- teed; cure. $5; by the well-known specialist
and ladles' phj-slcian for 37 years; see me be-
fore going eleewhere. DR. POPPER, 318
Kearny st. ' : v :-. : -
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;'
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1: very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that . restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at offlce, $3;. travelers helped in-
stantly; home for patients separate from of-
fice; consultation free and strictly confiden-
tial; hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
. treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
. cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023*. Market at. . -
AILMENTS— LadIes ln trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
. hours guaranteed; any complaints; no Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance; cure, $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt., bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. RICHARDS A CO., 406
Clay st. : $1 50. Send 2a stamp for circulars
to SEGURO MFG. CO., 531 X St., Sacramen-
to, Cal. ■ .
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement, with every
I comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES' troubles Instantly relieved or money
back; $5 up. DR. AND MRS. WISE, 1118
Market st. y '
PRIVATE hospital; best references; trained
nurses; home comforts. 204 San Jose aye.;
telephone White 481. -■-
BUSTS developed by the Harmonic Vibrator,
236 Powell St.; test free. Harmonic Institute.
MRS. M. E. ROGERS— Private home In con-
finement: midwife; 25 yrs. exper. 929 Howard.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles Cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second St.; tel. -Green 52.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for the construction of a con-
crete stairway at the entrance of Joyce street.
Offlce of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, February 14. 1599.
In accordance with Resolution No. 23"S
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
PALED PROPOSALS will be received ln
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON. February 20, 1899,
from 2 to 2:30 o'clock, for the construction of
a concrete stairway at the entrance of Joyce
street, In strict accordance with the plans
and specifications prepared by the City En-
gineer and filed In the office of the Clerk of
• the Board of Supervisors. • •
The work of construction to be done ln
strict accordance ■' with the said plans and
specifications, and under the supervision . of
the City Engineer and to the satisfaction of
the Superintendent 'of Streets.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and
'the minimum rate of wages to be paid on
said work to be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will estimate and state a price
for which the* entire work will be performed
to the entire satisfaction of the City En-
. gineer and the Superintendent of Streets.
The party to whom the contract may be
awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of said contract, to pay
the cost of advertising this notice. In three
dally newspapers and the resolution award-
ing the contract in the official newspaper.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
' cilitate the award the Board has resolved
to receive no bid unless made upon blank
forms prepared by the committee, and a cer-
tified check on some bank in the City and
County of San Francisco for the sum of
five hundred ($600) dollars deposited by the
bidder with his bid. and made payable to the
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors, conditioned
if the proposal be accepted and the contract
awarded; and if the bidder : shall fail or
neglect to pay the printing charges, • execute
the contract and give the,' required . bond
within six days after the award ' is made,
then and in that case the said sum shall be
paid Into the City and County Treasury by
said Clerk as liquidated damages for such
failure and neglect. * ..
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require.
V JNO. A.- RUSSELL.. Clerk.
OFFICE C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks, Wash '
February 7, 1899.— Sealed proposals, ln tripli-
cate, will be received her? until 11 o'clock a
m <120 th meridian time). March 7. 1399, for
furnishing at Q. M. Depot, Portland, Or., 60,-
-000 gallons mineral oil. 135 degrees flash test,
ln cases of two flve-gallon cans each. .- U. 8.
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
proposals/or any part thereof. - Information
furnished on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals . should be marked "Proposals
for Mineral Oil," and addressed J. W.
JACOBS. C. Q. M. -
PHYSICIANS. ' ■■■ . ■■ :
REMOVAL notice— C. C. O'Donnell, office
,i and 'residence, 1021*. Market, bet." 6th and 7th."
City REAL ESTATE.
BALDwTjJT^r^DWELLT^ ~ ~
10 'Montgomery st.
AN IDEAL HOME. ," . -..
MISSION WARM BELT.
$6000— bay-window residence in splen-
did neighborhood; contains 8 rooms; ail
latest conveniences;, beautiful garden; extra
large lot; 75x114. ???: 7
$22,000— offer wanted; Drumm-st. corner,
within one block of Market st. ; old improve-
ments; would pay well If properly Improved.
$4850—124 Beulah st., close to Golden Gate
Park (between Waller and Frederick); lot
25x137:6, with brand-new 2-story, bay-window-
residence of 8 rooms and bath, etc. ; finished
basement; street accepted; open Sunday. ;.-.
$26,000— Mission St., between Third.' and
Fourth; 8-story building, containing store and
■ rooms above; very large lot, -with: double
1 frontage; rent $147.
$9000— Clay st., near Battery; 3-story brick
building, store and two: floors above; cement
basement; rent $70. • ■■ .■ '■'■■.
':' $8250— Fine business corner on? Seventeenth
st. ;' new corner building, containing store and
" flat of 6 rooms above; also new building con-
taining two flats of 4 rooms and bath each;
7 rents. $74; all rented; this property Is a fine
- Investment. '/■"/■'. y 'Y/Y. .-' "■'/. -yy:
7 ? $12.000— Rent $102; Hayes at., near Baker;
lot 60x137:6;- five flats of 5 and 6 rooms. each;
all rented. -•-•'
- 7 $6500— 1315 Mason St., near Jackson; lot 35x
137:6, with 3-story residence of. 12 rooms and
-.; bath: : also rear house of 6 rooms; stable for
six horses.- : -. ?•■'"■ \.y '' /: "I
$8750— Rent $87: Folsom-st. corner:- five
tenants; -lot 25x112:6; a splendid interest-pay-
- ing property.
• $7250— Tw0 fine, handsome, new flats of 6
and 7 rooms and bath; best portion of De-
.vlsadero st; rent $62 50; lot 25x100.
' $400 CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
$4000— corner residence, Dolores st. ;
contains 7 large sunny rooms; latest sanitary
plumbing; large lot. 33x100; portion of lot va-
cant and plenty of room for another building.
NEW FLATS FACING THE PARK. ,
$6500— Pays over 10 per cent; handsome mod-
ern flats on Oak st; contain all conveniences.
$500 CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
— Fine " new residence, 8 rooms; hard-
wood floors; beautifully decorated rooms;
latest plumbing; street work accepted; 767
Cole st., near Frederick; no reasonable offer
refused. ?*■-■ ??■'
Seventh-st. corner, near Folsom; lot
25x80; ground rent $20. y.? ? '« ■";."■
Dolores-st. corner; store and flat
above, containing « rooms and bath; also
cottage containing 4 rooms and basement;
rent $39; extra large lot, 55 feet frontage;
must be sold at once.
$5100— Worth $6500; Golden Gate aye., near
Baker st.; two flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath each; rent $47 50; lot 25x100.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
yy? '?";;?' 10 .Montgomery st. ■
A BIG BARGAIN— ■ _
$5000— 5500 cash, balance same as rent: beau-
tiful new residence of 8 rooms, bath, etc.;
close to Golden Gate Park Panhandle; splen-
did neighborhood ; street bltumtnized: lot 2ox
100. BALDWIN & HOWELL 10 Montgomery.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
$3500— cash, $35 monthly; modern 2-story
bay-window residence of 7 rooms; porcelain
-bath and all latest conveniences; very attrac- :
tive garden; over 50 varieties of roses, etc.:
extra large lot, 67"4*"100. on sunny side of
street, which ls SO feet wide; street work all
done; located above the railroad in East
Berkeley, and only 4 minutes' walk - from
station; 40 minutes from S. F. ; fare 5 cents
on commutation ticket: splendid climate;
new attractive home way below cost. Ad-
' dress box 101, Call office.
COFFEY, HUGHES A CO., Real Estate and
House Agents.
$7250— Page at. residence; . rooms and bath;
close to park; sunny; large lot.
$2750— Laguha, near Halght *, elegant building
lot: 25x100; two blocks from Market: choice
location; will be one block from Park Panhan-
dle when extended.
$1750— $20; Bryant st., corner, near Sec-
ond st and Pacific Mall and Santa Fe docks.
COFFEY. HUGHES & CO.,
19 Montgomery st.
MISSION COTTAGES
ON BITUMINIZJED STREET
$2200— Five and six room cottages....
$2250— Four-room cottage
Six-room cottage •'••••
$2800— Five-room cottage
$3200— Eight-room two-story
New modern houses with every convenience
on the sunny side Twentieth St., between
Castro and Noe sts.; lots 25x125; small cash
payment, bal. monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
OWING to the pressure of business and the
necessity of a larger offlce, JACOB HEY-
MAN & SON will remove about March 1,
1899, to No. 19 Montgomery st.
$20 MONTHLY will buy a new 7-room and bath
cottage with all the latest Improvements;
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
MONEY TO LOAN. v
LOANS on furniture- or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at loweat rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mlsson St., above
Blxth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6". per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
. bate, mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 ' Montgomery, rm. $.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; tel. Main 1644..
$60 TO $100,000 at cut rates; estates ln probate,
Ist, 2d or chattel mortgages; undivided Inter-
ests estates. P. A. Dolan, 40 I ontgomery, r. 7.
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible, respect-
able and "reliable: loans - ide on diamonds,
Jewels, stocks, bonds and all articles of value;
lowest Interest; -private entrance, and room;
perfect secrecy; phone Brown 323; our own
building; established 1661. UN CLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOANS on Oakland ! real estate. HUGH M.
CAMERON. 1058 Broadway, near Eleventh
' St., Oakland.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 100314 Broadway,
Qalr'-I_L. Hours, 10 to 3. . .
BORRotV money on Indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d A Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 180 Powell st.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential: no com-
mission; lowest interest. Rm. 68. 1170 Market.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St.; opp. Olympla Music Hall.
0-- furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlsslon; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a. specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$60 to $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition, den. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL. o
MONEY to loan— estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner Bg.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40."
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st. tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
". st,; cleaning. Sc per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
: ASSESSMENT NOTICES. ~ '
MeC?ALL~SHding Hinge-Window Company.—
Location of principal place of business, San
Francisco, California. (KWSSfSf'lfS^fiS
Notice Is hereby given, that at a meeting
of the directors, held on the 14th day of Feb-
ruary, 1599, an assessment of five cents per
share' was , levied upon the , capital stock of
the corporation,' payable Immediately ln
United .States . gold coin, to the secretary
thereof, at the offlce of said corporation. No.
*215 Golden Gate avenue. San Franclsoo, Cal.
And stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid or: , the 18th day of March,
1899, will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at -public auction, and unless payment
is made before, will be sold on TUESDAY,"
the 4th day of April, 1899, to pay the delin-
quent assessment, together with the costs of
advertising and expenses of sale. By order
of the Board of Directors.
ELVIN C. McCALL, Secretary.
Offlce, • No. 215 ■■: Golden Gate avenue, :. San
FrancißCO, California. .
..COUNTRY REAL 7 ESTATE. 7 : \'i *
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crocs
raised ln dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California at.. S. F.
FOR Country home of F. S. Wensin-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
• to owner on premises. Freestone, Sonoma Co.
RICH land, near bay; fruit, grain or hogs:
, bargain. S.. box 1639. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OaklAnd real estate.
5150 CASH, 56 monthly till paid for; neat cot-
. tage 'of 3 rooms, barn,- outhouses, 2 lots, nice-
-7 ly fenced, good well of water, flowers; price
• 5575- all told; street - macadamized: soil and
•'•• climate excellent; drainage perfect; fine level
■ land: streets all graded: some macadamized;
•close to 3 electric car lines and a fine 3-
- story public ; school; 50 families now located
In nice homes; no fogs nor cold winds; Allen-
dale .Tract, East Oakland ;' a few lots un-
: sold. 575 upward; 55 cash, $5 monthly. Call
or .send for circular, 455 Seventh St., corner
:.'• Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
• JONES, owner. - ..,..-'
■"■ " i '«
OAK I AND STORES TO LET.
STORE to let In the Acme Building, corner
Thirteenth and Clay streets: rent • reasonable.
Inquire at offlce of ABRAHAMSON BROS.,
corner Washington and Thirteenth sts..
•"■;"■ OAKLAND OFFICES TO LET-
OFFICES, to ' let— Abrahamsort Building; free
■ • use of electric elevator: rent reasonable. Ap-
'". ply. at -office of ABRAHAMSON BROS., cor-
; . ncr Washington and Thirteenth streets.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. hT^CHELL^
.= HAAS' old 'store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
5950— MODERN cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25x125;
street work, etc., all complete; Grand-st. sta-
tion.
Modern cottage. 5 rooms; lot 26x125;
good location; near station: easy terms.
51800— Greatest bargain In Alameda; lot 60x150;
house of 6 rooms; choice part of Central aye.;
cash. h: :: #
53500— Elegant corner, 44x150: new, modern
house of S rooms; terms. $300 cash; balanc* 525
per month; this Is a snap.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
52250— modern cottage; 5 rooms; at Chest-
nut, st. station.
$2500— Cottage ; 6 rooms; large lot; north side
Santa Clara aye.
32000—2 acres at- Frultvale, with 6-room cot-
tage.
5 acres at Frultvale for sale or exchange for
San Francisco property.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda; houses
built on terms to suit; property exchanged,
sold or rented: office open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park at., Alameda.
' BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. „ *
AN~IDEAL HOMeT~
For rent— A 9-room house, - including carriage
house and teams; completely furnished and
in flrst-class condition; only desirable per-
sons need apply: rent 565. D. J. TOBIN, 2121
Stanford place, Berkeley.
GOOD 7-room house on paved street: only
32300; easy terms; owner obliged to go East
and must sell. O. G. MAY & CO.,- 2123 Cen-
ter St., Berkeley.
~ PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.*"
EQUITY city residence for country • home;
worth about $4000; particulars. Box 1815, .Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid', for 51 per year.
■__■___■_ mmm *— — ™* — * —^ ■■
LEGAL NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION of partnershlp-jSan Francisco,
February 6, 1899—1 have this day and date,
February 6, 1599, sold my Interest in the
grocery business situate at 731 and 733 Bran-
nan st. to D. W. FRESHER, and D. W.
FRESHER will pay all bills owed by the
firm and collect all outstanding . debts due
said firm of. WAACK & HARTJE. C.
WAACK. ■ •*■■?•--■■
~~ MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marrigae licenses have been issued as follows:
Herman Anderson and Sophie Welhlmlller. 39-23
Andrew N. Wallin and Emma Nilson 30-27
W. A. Harris and Elizabeth M. Harding.. 3s-25
Robert N. Langford and Clora C. Alley 35-25
Thomas A. Sheahan and Maggie O'Brien.. 3l-26
Callaghan Byrne and Hope E. Sherwood.. 4l-26
Jacob Peppier and Sarah A. Miller 61-41
BIRM-MARRIA&ES^DEATHr
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at , either of the publication ' offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOILN. yy /
GOLDEN— In this city, February 6, 189' to th
wife of P. J. Golden, a son.
UPTON— In this city, January 12. 1899. to the
wife of Frank Upton, a son.
MARRIED.
VENNUM— CROSS— this city, February 14,
1899, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Mortimer Cook Vennum •of San Jose and
Daisy Cross of San Francisco.
DIED. ~ ~
Abramson? Mary A. Lawrenson, Elizabeth
Besaneon. Amelie Lolor, Emma V.
Bradley, Francis D. Lutzen. Oscar
Branch. Lulu M. -. McGrath, Harry M.
Cameron, George 'Malonej-, Ann
Chapuis, Berthe C. Magorty, Margaret
Collopy. James Milosevlch. Bias
Cottle, Ellen . O'Connor, Rev. C.
Crowley, John Owens, Ann
Dearborn, C. W. . Owens. Martha V.
De Hauss. Dolores R. Prunty, Patrick
Glover, James Rellly. James
Haley, Jane Schlam, Mary E.
Handerkin. Thomas Selinger, Ralmond
Heine, Sarah ' Splain, Mary C. •
Hobron. Minerva S. ■ Tulte, Annie
Jackson. Louise Walsh. John W.
Jones, John W. • ? Webster. Artemus
Laffln, Lawrence Wilson, Caroline E.
ABRAMSON— this city, February 14, 1899,
Mary Ann Abramson, a native of New Jer-
sey, aged 30 years and 9 months. :y\y/'y
BESANCON— In Golden Gate, February 14,
1899, Amelie, 'beloved wife of E. Besaneon. a
native of France, aged 53 j-ears 8 months and
9 days.
JET Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, San- Pablo avenue, .opposite Menlo
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland. -?<-.-.;
BRADLEY— In this city, February 13, 1899,
Francis D., beloved husband . of Minnie B.
Bradley, a native of Connecticut, aged 63
years.
tCTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
10:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 236
San: Carlos avenue. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
BRANCH— this city, February 12. 1899, Lulu
Maddux, beloved daughter of L. C. and Mary
■Branch, a native of California, aged 18 years.
Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the family residence.
2101 California street. Interment private.
CAMERON— this city, February 14, 1899,
George, husband of Mary Cameron, and
father of Maida and Dudley Cameron,. a na-
tive of Albany, N. V., aged 63 years.
CHAPUIS— In this city, February 14, 1899.'- Ber-
the Claudine Chapuis, a native of Nolay,
France. ■ • ,■ "
[□""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), from Notre Dame dcs Vietolres
Church, Bush street, near Stockton, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9:45 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by train at 11:30 o'clock from Third and
Townsend streets. 7
COLLOPY— In this cltj*. February 14. 1899, at
his residence, '853 Bryant street, James, be-
loved husband of Hannah Collopy, a native
of County Limerick. Ireland, aged 60 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
COTTLE— In this city, February 14, 1899. Ellen,
' beloved wife of John E. Cottle, and sister of
Mrs. M. C. Flecher of Oakland, a native of
Ireland. ■ '.-'■.
• (£?" Notice of funeral hereafter. ; <
CROWLEY— In this city. February 12, 1899,
-John, beloved father of Annie E. Crowley, a
native of . Bandon, County Cork, Ireland,
aged «<; years. - . ' ;
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1514 Howard street, thence to St.
• Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DEARBORN— In Los Angeles, C. W. Dearborn,
a native of Pennsylvania.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
DE HAUSS— At Reeds Station, Cal.. February
14, 1899, Dolores Ranero de Hauss of San
Mateo, a native of Chlloe, Chile, aged 71
years 6 months and ' 9 days. ' (Chile papers
please copy.) ••■'.'
GLOVER— In this city, at the Potrero, Febru-
ary 14, 1899." James, beloved husband of Mar-
garet Glover, father of Willie, Eddie, May,
' John ' and Katie Glover, " and brother-in-law
of Michael. John and William J. Hayes and
Mrs. James J. Donovan, a native of Ireland,
aged 43 years.
__""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 612 Nineteenth street, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. ■ In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALEY— In this city, February 14, 1899, Jane,
beloved wife of the late Bartholomew Haley,
and sister of John Kellv, a native of Kings
County, Ireland, aged '-« years.
HANDERKIN— West Berkclev, February 14,
1899. Thomas F-, beloved husband of Annie
M. Handerkin. father of Thomas F., Grover
and Victor Handerkin, and brother of the
late Mrs. Mary Olsen. Edward Handerkin,
Miss Kate Blumberg and Mrs. Teresa Lapd-
regan, a native of San Francisco, aged 40
years and 5 months. -. ;; ;
Notice Of funeral hereafter.
HElNE— February 14. 189., Sarah, beloved wife
of Sam Heine, mother of Rosle, Hattle and
Louis Heine, and sister of Paul Moses, Mor-
ris Moses, Mrs. A. Abrams and Mrs. D.
Barnes, a native of New York, aged 43 years.
HOBRON— In this city, February 14. 1899. Min-
erva S. Hobron, mother of Lucy M., Bell D.,
Will W. and S. Harris Hobron. a native of
Belfast, Me., aged 66 years 1 month and 10
' days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1 Perry street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
JACKSON— In Victoria. B. C. February 12.
1599, Louise, wife of the late Emanuel Jttck-
son, and beloved mother of Mrs. William
Wolfe of Victoria, Mrs. Joe Meyer of Port-
land, Or.. Mrs. Adolfe Levy of New York
City, Mrs. A. Lewis of Victoria and Philip.
Harry and Albert Jackson, a native of New
York City, aged 69 years. -
JONES— In this city. February 14, 1899. John
W., beloved son of Hannah C. Jones, and
brother of E. N. and R. C. Jones and Mrs.
Mattie E. Koehler of Columbus, Ohio, a na-
tive of Delaware. Ohio, aged 27 years 6
months and 16 days.
(□""The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 444 Hayes street. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully Invited to attend.
LOR Members of Modoc Tribe No. 57,
I O R M- You are earnestly requested to
assemble at the wigwam. 320 Post street at
9 o'clock sharp, to-morrow (Thursday), to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. J. ".v.
Jones. Yours In F., F. andLC. rq^ g
HENRY MULLER, C. of R. - ■ * ■
LAFFIN-In this city, February 14, 1899, Law-
rence, beloved husband of Ann Lafan. ana
father, of Mathew Laffln and Mrs. J. *.
O'Kane, a native of County Kilkenny, Ire-
land, aged 78 years.
LAWRENSON— In this city, February IS. 1899.
Elizabeth Lawrenson, beloved sister of Mr".
Josephine Gheen, Charles Lawrenson and -the
late William Lawrenson, and aunt of Alice
Gheen.
LOLOR-In this city, February 13. 1899, Emma
V. Lolor, a native of New York State. (Phila-
delrhla papers please copy.) .....
fCT" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the- funeral this day (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from her late residence, 702 A
Guerrero street. Interment private.
LUTZEN— this city. February 14, 1599, Oscar
Lutzen. a native of France. , ,
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McGRATH —In this city, February 13. 1899,
Harry Michael McGrath. beloved brother of
Thomas. John. Norah. Timothy and James
McGrath and Mrs. H. J. Cronin, a native of
Kilteely, County Limerick, Ireland, aged 29
years 11 months and 21 days.
(CFri-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
rarlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, corner Fre-
mont and Harrison streets, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o ciock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MALONEY— In this city, February 14. 1599.
Ann. beloved mother of Mary Maloney. a,
native -of County Longford. Ireland, aged
84 years. . y " ' .
MAGORTY— In this city. February 14, 1899.
Margaret, beloved daughter of John ana
Ellen Magortj'. and sister of James, Peter
Cormack, Alice. Anne, Sarah J. and Dora
Magortj-. a native of County Leitrlm, Ire-
land, aged 21 years and 3 months.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th* funeral to-morrow
' (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 11 Heyman avenue. off Mission
street.' between Twenty- ninth and Thlrtietn.
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated tor ™t>
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o clocK.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILOSEVICH— In this city, January 30. 1899.
Bias, beloved husband of Vicencia Milose-
vlch. father of Marco and Rado Milosevlch.
and cousin of Stlpan Pavlovich. a native of
Sumet. Ragusa, Dalmazia, Austria, aged 45
years 2 months and 22 days. A member of
Sausalito Lodge No. 20. A. O. U. W.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the hall of the
Austrian Military and Benevolent Associa-
tion, 507 Sutter street, corner of Powell, in-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. i ßemains at
the parlors of McAvoy & Co.. 123_ Market
'street, between Eighth and Ninth.
O'CONNOR— anniversary solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated Friday, February 17,
at 10 o'clock, at St. Mary's Cathedral, for the
repose of the soul of the late Rev. Cornelius
O'Connor of Ukiah. Friends and acquaint-
ances are requested to attend.
OWENS— this city, February 14, 1899. Ann,
dearly beloved wife of James Owens, and
mother of Daniel and Jeremiah Owens, a na-
tive of Castle Magner, County Cork, Ireland,
aged 73 years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OWENS— In this city, February 14, 1899, Mar-
tha V., beloved daughter of Bridget and the
late Patrick Owens, and sister of Mary A.,
Robert J., Anna T., Rose, Hannah, Edward,
Raymond and the late Thomas J. Owens, a
native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 4
months and 3 days.
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her lat«
residence, Golden Gate Park, thence to St.
Agnes Church. Masonic avenue and Page
street, where a' requiem high mass will be
Celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PRUNTY— In Seattle, Wash., February 11. 1899,
Patrick, beloved husband of Susanna Pruntj,
1 father of Margie and James Prunty, brother
of John Prunty, and nephew of Owen Prunty,
a native of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged
40 v<>;irs and 8 months.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, ,27C Morris avenue, thence to St
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his eoul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. : - - ' ■"■■- -y.y(-
REILLY— In this city. February 14, 1899. James,
beloved son of John and Bridget Rellly, and
brother of John, Joseph, Peter and' Agnes
Rellly, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years. •
SCHLAM— this city, February 12. 1899, Mary
E . beloved wife of Oscar A. Schlam, mother
of Harold H. Schlam, daughter of Michael T.
and the late Johanna Brennan, and sister of
William, Emmet and John Brennan and
"Mrs. Thomas E. Curran. a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday)," at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3326 Twenty-fifth : street, thence to
■ St Peter's Church, where a requiem I high
mais will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 10 o'olock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ?•/'' :■."."'-
SELINGER— In this city, February 11, IS9J,
Ralmond. husband of the late Louise Selin-
ger, a native of Germany, aged 42 years. A
- member of Gambrlnus Verein.
tt_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H F. -Suhr & Co., - 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery^
SPLAIN— this city. February 14, 1899. Mary
Catherine, beloved daughter of John F. and
Nellie E.>laln, sister of Daniel and Johnny
Splain, and granddaughter of Thomas J.
Ryan, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 year!
and 6 months. -t- ■
TUITE— this city, February 14, 1899. Annie,
beloved wife of James Tulte, and mother of.
Mary, James, Kate and John Tulte. a native
of County Maj'o. Ireland, aged 46 years.
__"* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 177 Perry street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WALSH— In this city, . February 14, 1899, John
Wilbur, dearly beloved son of Thomas , M.
and Annie Walsh, brother of Raymond and
Alice Walsh, grandson- of Abbie and the late
" John- Sullivan, and nephew of Mrs. James
Farrell, of Mountain View, a native of San
Francisco, ■ aged 5 years 4 months and 8 days.
*£_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 649 Stevenson street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
WEBSTER— In this city, February 13, 1899,
Artemus, husband of Millie H. Webster, and
father of Mrs. Madge Gray, a native of
Prince Edwards -Island, aged 62 years.
WILSON— In this city. February 7, 1599, Caro-
line Elizabeth, beloved wife of Arthur C
- Wilson, a native of New Yorlv .
"□""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
. dence, 613 Howard street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth' st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. _____
rtIcAVOY & CO.,
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS _: EMBALMERS j I
12-6 Market st. between Bth "m- «__ -
I Telephone. South 347. '•: '■--■- . 1
1112
HE WAVED HIS GILDED WAND
AND DULL CARE VANISHED
Brian. Assemblage Heeds Prince
Carnival's Injunction and Makes
Merry at the Mardi Gras Ball.
WITH a wave of his glided wand
Prince Carnival— who in the se
clusion of private life is known
as plain Jack Wilson— set the en
tire machinery of the great Mardi Gras
ball in motion last night and made the
vast and brilliant throng assembled at
the Art Institute forget for the nonce
that there was such a thing as care and
trouble and woe.
Gaj-ety reigned supreme. Laughter and
jollity and the ever accompanying merry
jest and brilliant repartee held full sway,
and the mischievous spirit of the carni
val tide was over it all.
Unlike the preceding ball of two years
ago society ruled it was right and proper
that all, even including the tender bud,
should attend. The mandate of the lead
ers was obeyed to the very letter of the
law, and if one prominent name should be
be found missing from the list of those
present there is but one excuse a typo
graphical error.
The poor little pages of Tivoli renown,
pretty Irene Duval and Miss Davis, came
and saw, performed their little part, con
quered and went. They posed pictur
esquely In skin-fitting pink tights, stood
beside his Majesty of Misrule and lightly
held between dainty fingers the hem of
.he kingly garment. Then, their work
done, Green-way, resplendent in blue and
silver and plumes, a wicked, rather ma
ture Don Juan, led them to the supper
table, after which they received proper
escort to their respective homes.
The arrangements of the ball were per
fect. Greenway Introduced several In
novations, one of which was having the
vise committee serve in relays. . Those
■who sacrificed themselves to the cause in
the early part of the evening had the
best of it. Horace Piatt's turn came late
and when the ball was at its height the
poor vise man stood shivering in the cor
ridor—a martyr to his aristocratic cause.
It was intended that the grand march
start at 0 o'clock sharp, but the guests,
though not ultrafashionably late in ar
riving, lingered in the brilliantly decor
ated rooms and cozy nooks, and it was
well on to 30 o'clock when the Herald's
magic call summoned all to attend his
Majesty.
The Prince gave greeting in clear, crisp
tones, his jester emphasizing with merry
steps the points His Majesty had spent
many sleepless night to make.
Thus spake the Lord of Misrule:
My fair, grotesque and merry subjects,
I, your King. Prince of the Carnival, Lord
of Misrule. Abbot of Unreason and Ruler
of the Revels, do greet you, one and all.
And now hearken to my royal mandate.
First of all. I order that ye rejoice,
make merry, exult, clap your hands, twirl
your heels, sing, carol and frolic to your
hearts' content or somebody else's heart's
content.
Secondly, I order that ye be, one and all,
in high feather, gay as larks, brisk as
bees, playful as kittens and merry as
grigs.
For here shall he no thought of Care,
1 give yen all a warning.
Who can b for Care?
Not I, I sweat-;
With laughter loud
We'll weave his shroud.
And bury him In the morning.
This being attended to I command that
Each man's heart shall so Incline
To make some maid his Valentine.
For this is the Saint's day, and all men
must on this day above all others honor
all women.
For woman is a happy thought,
And without her man Ie nought.
A cipher. in fact; let each man there
fore sigh for a woman, and when she is
■won, as won she may be, let him follow
her till the sum is done. For nought fol
lowing one makes ten, and ten. as the
ancient astrologers held, is the sum of all
human happiness. Ergo, woman is but
another name for a man's happiness, and
any man who lacks the wit to apprehend
this simple rule of two and profit by It,
why let him grow long ears and sing
songs to a thistle. And any man who
ST. VALENTINE BRINGS MISSIVES OF LOVE TO ALL.
CHAUNCEY O'BRIEN, letter carrier.
Is going to petition Congress to pass
an act fixing the postage on valen
tines at $4 each.
"It'll either stop this damfoolishness or
It'll raise revenue enough to meet the
deficiency and pay off the war debt." so
liloquized Chauncey. as he staggered along
yesterday under a load that would have
broken the back of a mule.
"That's twenty-one lye delivered to
•__Jldr«d Shaughnessy," he continued to
falls to swear a maid be pretty whether
she is or no; or any man who doth refuse
the challenge of glancing eye or am
bushed smile; or any man who loves a
maid and tells her not. for bashfulness or
lack of wit to make the opportunity, it is |
my royal will that he be declared unfitted
for our revels, and that he be scourged
hence with whips of darning cotton. '
And as for ye, ladles— but. hold, I
shrewdly suspect that ye need no In
structing. Only remember tnat
This Is the night of St. Valentine,
When Cupid is out at play,
And if he would borrow a glance of thine
To use as an arrow, sweet Valentine,
Do not say him nay, nay, nay;
Oh, do not say him nay.
And . .
Now on with the dance;
• Let merriment hold sway
Until the sentinel dawn
Doth signal envious day.
After His Majesty's little say. Jester
Hellman and his fetching partner, Mrs.
Clover, demonstrated to a breathless, gid
dy world what they could do in the cake
walk line; then a stalwart lieutenant led
the "American Flag" into the enticing
meshes of the waltz and the ball was on.
To dainty, dashing Miss Marie Wells
The Mad Whirl of Masked Revelers
went the highest honors of the ball. Miss
Wells was the first to break the impres
sive silence after the Prince's speech. To
the Mayor went the fetching little lady.
"How-dy'-do," said the belle. -""-*
"Who are you?" said the Mayor.
"Mrs. Hobson." .
"Where's your husband?" '
"Left him," laconically said the little
beauty, "because he would not kiss me!"
Great variety prevailed In the costumes
of the ladies, but the gentlemen who ap
peared ln other than the regulation suit
etiquette demands were few and far be
tween. • ■
The decorations were superb and in
keeping with the mad spirit of the affair.
Yellow and red. the carnival's colors,
were seen everywhere— ln the brilliant
lights, in the soft, full draperies and even
in the valentines that hung in the midst
of all ' the carnival splendor. Masques
were also used with striking effects, and
grotesque faces peered from out a mass
of coloring from odd and unexpected
places. In the conservatory red lights
and potted ferns made the home of the
exotics an enticing place for the lovers
of uninterrupted little chats.
In the dining-room amid a wealth of
palms and brilliant coloring the following
menu was served by Caterer Wheeler and
his men: -.;"? ;
Oysters a la Poulette.
Oysters Fancy Roast, . on Toast.
himself as he emerged from the basement
entrance of a Pacific Heights mansion.
"Whatever them monkeys can see in that
chambermaid to load her down with val
entines cops me " and the disgusted car
rier toiled up the hill to the next house.
But though the Postoflice people could
find no joy In the annual visit of the love
lorn sain:, there were others— and thou
sands of them— who derived unalloyed
happiness from the day. And there were
. •- V y , - - yy * .'..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1899.
Terrapin a la Maryland.
Shrimp Salad. Chicken Salad.
Roast Turkey.
Ham. ■ . Tongue with Gelee. •
Pate de Fole Gras et Oclee.
Bread and Butter Sandwiches.
Dessert: ■• ' ' '-•<
Plumblere and Nougat Ice Cream.
Assorted Cakes. Soiree Cakes.
Camelia Cream Cake. ;- ■•■ - .
Pistache Cream Cake.
Candies. Cafe.
ELEGANT COSTUMES.
Tlie costumes worn were unusually
beautiful, and character dress was given
preference to the evening dress and pow
dered wig that has always been so much
in evidence at previous affairs of this
kind. • T'- : y y
Among the many striking, original and
elegant costumes were the following:
Mrs. C. __ Bent— Portia, In flowing dra
peries of black and somber mortarboard
coquettishly perched upon a powdered
coiffure. - • , * *
Misses Ida and Marjory Gibbons-
Spooks, white dominos. _.uda__ » ...»
black skulls' and crossbones and other
"creepy" shapes. • -..•-, ■■■:..
Mrs. J. A. Clover— "Folly," in cerise and
sea green satin.
Mrs. Alma Keith— "The Devil's "Wife."
A fantastic black garb, hung with dice,
horses, cigarettes and other evil things.
Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann— Blue and
white "80-Peep."
•Miss Emma Keith— "Devil's Daughter."
Bright red satin and blazing pitchfork.
Miss Gertrude Forman— dancing
girl. '
Miss Edith Ripley— "Greek Maiden," ln
clinging yellow draperies.
Miss Ethel Chisholm and Miss Mac Her
bert—"French porters": Black tulle
! gowns, reaching to the knee, and flaring
black bonnets covered with dusky plumes.
Miss Marie Wells and Miss Marie Oge—
"American Flags." - -
Miss Grace Bailey— Shepherdess, in dam!
-! ty Watteau silk.
. Miss Therese Morgan— "Fire Crackers":
■ Brilliant red satin gown, hung with
"double headed dutchmen."
Miss Louise - Jenning— "Arcadia," in
Dolly Varden silk.
Miss Satan Harnden— "Grass Widow:"
stunning weeds and an immense bouquet
of long grasses.
! Misses Helen and Edna Hopkins and
Miss Caro Crockett— "Comic Valentines":
; Long black dominoes, covered with cari
catures and doggerel.
Miss Bessie Ames— "Greek Maiden":
Yellow satin, embroidered in gots. ■
Miss Morgan— "Mother Goose"; : Blue
domino and immense poke bonnet.
those who did not derive so mu"h ; hap
piness; these latter being the ones who
had their peculiarities pictured in gaudy
colors and inscribed with poetic effusion
with entire frankness. The opportunity
was seized by some to tell the old, old
story by means of dainty cards and ap
propriate verse, the story that must' re
main untold for lack of courage were it
not for St. Valentine's aid, while others
availed themselves of the same* privilege
Mrs. Homer King and Mrs. S. S. Ream
er—"Chinese Princesses."
Miss Grace Taylor— "Josephine : Gown
of blue brocaded satin.
Miss McCormick— White "Pierette."
Mrs. J. Clawson— "Spanish lady": Black
lace over yellow satin.
Prominent among those who wore ele
gant gowns were: y -
Miss Jennie Blair— tulle with tiny
black dots and. lace. •
Mrs. William Cluff— Yellow satin and ex
quisite lace. -.-.--'
Mrs. J. J. Deane— White- satin and lace.
Miss Mamie Deane— Black silk, em
broidered in iridescent spangles.
Miss Madeline Leahy— Moussellnede sole
over yellow satin.
Mrs. Henry Dodge— Pearl gray silk and
lace overdress.
Mrs. George R. Wells— silk and
-lace. - . . . -• ..- :•?: ■:■?»
Joslah Howell wore the uniform of
Lieutenant-Colonel A. D. C, N. G. C.
Across his strapping shoulder a bunch of
handsome gold trappings were hung.
Captain W. S. Barnes— Military cos
tume. Captain Barnes concluded that it
would be useless to attempt to disguise
himself.
Webb Dougherty— Charles 11. Wore a
handsome pink silk costume and sword.
E. A. Wiltsee— As Don Juanero. he wore
a large sombrero hat, silk cape decorated
with the trappings of a Spanish cavalier.
A. Altmann— XVl. Wore a white
BRtin coat', and red plush overcape, short
knee trousers and blue stockings.
Thomas Rlckard— Black domino. •':
Joseph : D; . Grant — Stanford professor;
plug hat, false beard and Prince Albert
coat. • " -.■•■ ■ ■ • '
Mayor Roble and Colonel D. H. Beck— (
Military costumes. "
W. D. Sanborn— Cyrano de Bergerac;
large nose,, costume peculiar to the time
of Richelieu. . . . t '<i • .
• —
THE COMMITTEES.
Following were, the committees in
charge : "
Executive— Jospeh D. Grant, Edward
Bosqui,, Horace G. Piatt, L. P. Latimer,
Hon. James -D. Phelan, William G. Staf
ford, Irving. M. Scott, George Whittell,
Arthur. Rodgers, James W. Byrne, Henr>*
man. ■ ,-->--.
■ Decoration— Lorenzo P. Latimer, Cap
tain ■ Robert H. ! Fletcher.
.Music— Henry Heyman.
7 Floor— Edward M? Greenway, Lieuten
ant T. T. Ruhm, U. S. N. ; Percy L. King,
Fred W. MoNear, Henry W. Poett. Frank
B. King, Harry Dimond, George E. Hall,
R.,McKee Duperu, Latham McMullin, M.
A. Newell. • ■■•-•. •■•■••-■
Reception— ' Alvord. H. 'M. A.
Miller, William Bahcock, Edgar J. Mills,
E. A. Bruguiere.. William Mayo NVwha.il,
Francis J, Carolan, Charles- Page, A.
Chesebrough. James D. Phelan. Henry J.
Crocker, George A. Pope, William 11.
Crocker, Edgar F. .Preston, Joseph B.
Crockett. Major J. L. Rathbone, Hon.
Horace Davis. R. P. Schwerln. Frederick
W. Dohrmann. Irving M. Scott, M. H. de
Young,* General William R. Shafter. U. S.
A.; Dr. Paolo de . Vicchl. John D.
Spreckels. Louis Gerstle. Joseph S. Tobin
Walter. Scott -Hobart. T. C. Van Ness
Willi im G. Irwin. Commodore J. c'
Watson. U. S. N.; . Charles Josselyn
Raphael Weill; William Keith. Mountford
S. Wilson, Martin Kellogg, Russell J Wil
son;. .Lorenzo p. Latimer. Clinton E.
W orden, . George H. Lent, Frederick W.
Zeile.
THE GUESTS.
' Following is a list of the Invited guests:
-, George ,T.-Marye. Hon. William Alvord
Louis Gerstle. Mrs. Louis Gerstle. Wil
liam L. Gerstle, Mrs. William L. Gerstle,
Hon, James D. Phelan. James W. Reid,
Merritt J. Reid. Mrs. Merritt J. Reid W.
B. Storey, Major: J. L. Rathbone, Gerald
L. Rathbone, M. L. Gerstle. Mrs. M. L.
Gerstle, Variderlynn Stow, Mrs. Vander
to express their lack of adoration for their
pet aversion.
In the public schools, though, was
where the day -was most effusively ob
served. The afternoon was set apart for
the exchange of compliments. Lessons
were : . forgotten, childish preferences
j proudly i displayed and juvenile . hostilities
declared. Pretty pictures were the means
'of one; pictures not so prettily served as
'the declarations of war.
i lynn Stow. S. G. Murphy, Mrs. S. G.
Murphy, Joseph D. Grant, M. H. de
Young, Mrs. M. H. de Young. C. B. Stone.
Mrs. C. B. Stone. F. E. Beck, M. S. Wil
son, Mrs. M. 8. Wilson, J. E. de Ruyter,
Mrs. J. E. de Ruyter, Miss Frances
Curry. Benjamin P. Upham. J. C. Wilson,
Mrs. J. C. Wilson, General W. R. Shafter,
Colonel J. B. Babcock, Mrs. J. B. Bab
cock, Colonel Edward Field, Mrs. Ed
ward Field, Major R. H. Noble, Captain
E. H. Plummer. Captain W. H. McKit
trick. Mrs. W. H. McKittrick. Colonel J.
M. Marshall. Mrs. J. M. Marshall. Dr.
Forwood, Mrs. Forwood,- Dr. Raymond.
Mrs. Raymond, James L. Frazler, Mrs.
James L. Frazier, Edgar D. Peixotto. N.
J. Brittan, Christian Froelich, William
P. Morgan, Mrs. William P. Morgan, Miss
Ella Morgan, Miss Theresa Morgan, John
F. Merrill, Mrs. John F. Merrill, John S.
Merrill, Miss Emily Merrill. Clinton E.
Worden, Mrs. Clinton E. Worden, Karl
Howard, Mrs. E. Shafter Howard. Worth
ington Ames, Miss Elizabeth Ames, Don
ald do V. Graham. Dr. Russell H. Cool,
Mrs. Russell H. Cool, Miss Cool, Henry
Heyman, Joseph A. Donohoe. Mrs-. Joseph
A. Donohoe. Captain James N. Shafter. H.
D. Pillsbury, Mrs. Charles H. Taylor.
Miss Grace Taylor,, Miss E. Moseley, W.
B. Tubbs, Mrs. W. B. Tubbs, John. C.
Kirkpatrick, Miss Carroll, Peter D. Mar
tin, National N. Wilson. Harry E. Wise,
Mrs. Harry E. Wise. C. M. Reynolds, Mrs.
C. M. Reynolds.
H. E. Bothln, Mrs. W. R. Whlttier, Mrs.
H. E. Bothln, Mrs. A. Z. Jennings. E. L.
linker. Miss Sallie V. Maynard, Mrs. H.
Prances Fisher, J. C. Campbell, Mrs. J.
C. Campbell, Edwin McAfee. Dennis
Searles, Edwin H. Fowle, Mrs. Edwin H.
Fowle, Irving M. Scott, Mrs. James N.
Brown. L. T. Scott, Mrs. L. T. Scott, E.
A. Wlltsee. E. de la Vega, Eugene de
Conlon, Gaston E. Roussy, Edward B.
Haldan, Dr. Washington Dodge, Mrs. Dr.
Washington Dodge, Miss Alice O'Neil, J.
M. Quay, T. C. Friedlander. Homer S.
King, Mrs. Homer S. King, Miss Hazel
King, Governor Henry T. Gage, Mrs.
Henry T. Gage,- .Henry Pierce, Frank
Gray, Mrs. Frank Gray, Miss Geraldlne
Bonner, Miss Howard. William B. Collier,
Miss Sarah Collier, Miss Dorothy Collier,
George A. Knight. Mrs. George A. Knight,
Miss Adele Martel, F. H. Wheelan,
George A. James, Miss Bessie Code, Miss
Schneely, W. R. Sherwood, Augustus
Bowie, Miss Bessie Bowie, Miss May
Friedlander, S. H. Boardman, Ed T.
Houghton, William McCormick. Miss Mat
tie McCormick, Miss Nella McCormick**
A. Gerberding, Mrs. A. Gerberding, Harry
D. Hawks, J. Witt Dougherty. Miss Ada
Dougherty, Miss Eleanor McEwen, W. B.
Sanborn, Horace G. Piatt, C. F. Kohl,
Mrs. C." F. Kohl, Mrs. Sarah Kohl Miss
M. E. Kohl. Miss M. Jones, Alfred Mc-
Klnnon, Fred. A. Greenwood. Miss Jane
Greenwood, H. R. Williar, Miss Ardella
Mills, Robert Oxnard, Mrs. Robert Ox
nard, Mrs. Charles R. Detrick? Mrs. Nel
lie Hyde Smith, C. F. Mullins, Miss Maud
Mullins, G. D. Fahnstock, George H.
Higbee.
Mrs. Wm. 11. Patton, Mrs. W. F. Ber
ry, Miss E. D. Patton. Miss Bessie Pat
ton. M. Hall McAllister, Harry J. Max
■ well, Archibald Bernard, William H. Al
ford, Charles E. Darling. Mrs. William
Willis, Miss Mildred Doherty, Miss India
Willis Scott, Charles K. Field? Miss Sarah
Harnden. Dr. E. S. Clark, Mrs. E. S.
Clark, George H. Powers Jr.. H. W. Crow
ell. Ralston L. White, S. D. Freshman,
Mrs. S. D. Freshman, T. S. Bullock,
Mrs. T. S. Bullock, Harry F. Woods, Mrs.
Harry F. Woods, Charles A. Laton, Wil
liam G. Stafford. Mrs. William G. Staf
ford, Henry L. Dodge, Mrs. Henry L.
| Dodge. F. G. Bottum. A. O. Larkin, Mrs.
| William P. Shaw v Mrs. Eleanor Mar-
I tin, Mrs. E. M. Ross, Judge E. M. Ross,
i William G. Irwin. Mrs. William G. Ir
: win. Ben Holladay. W. F. Whlttier. W.
G. Morrow, Miss Mamie Polhemus, Mrs.
W. G. Morrow, B. T. Lacy, Mrs. B. T.
; Lacy, Miss Lacy, Miss Margaret Lacy,
I Miss Mabel Bacon, Henri' M. Holhronk,
Miss Olive M. Holbrook, John A" Clover,
Mrs. John A. Clover, Alfred S. Tubbs,
Mrs. Alfred S. Tubbs, Clement Bennett,
Mrs. Clement Bennett, George E. Morse',
Mrs. George E. Morse. Leon Sloss, Louis
Greenbaum, Mrs. Leon Sloss, Miss Green
wald. Mrs. H. Bernhard, Mrs. E. J.
Baldwin. M. Albert Bennett, William
Mahl, Joseph G. Hooper. Mrs. Joseph "G.
Hooper, Henry Gray, Mrs. Henry Gray,
Colonel James Blddle. Miss Chlsmore, T.
Games Roberts, U. S. N.; John Barton,
Mrs. John Barton, Miss Grace Barton,
W. F. Bowers, Mrs. James Wilson, Miss
Mamie Wilson. Willard T. Barton, Dr.
Paolo de Vecchi, Mrs. Paolo de Vecchi,
Clarence Martin Mann, Mrs. . Clarence
Martin Mann. W. R. Whlttier.
Richard C. Harrison. E. W. Purser, H.
R. Cooper, Mrs. Parker, Miss Julia Win
i ston, Miss Emma Hunt, Van R. Paterson.
E. J. Molera, Mrs. L. ■ H. Clement, Miss
Ethel Clement, Miss Pearl Pitcher, Miss
Myra Edgerly, Mrs. Sarah Reamer, Bar
on Alex, yon Schroder. Miss Annie L.
Harmon, Miss Maren Froelich, Miss Fan
nie S. Campbell, Harry S. Fonda. Mrs. E.
P. Bradley. Miss Carrie R. Callahan.
George T. Bromley, Captain and Mrs. R.
H. Fletcher, U. S. A., Miss Evelyn Mc-
Cormick; rS. A. R. Wheelan, William
Hubacck, Amedee Jouliin. Hadji Ephraim
Benguiat, Mrs. Hadji Ephraim Benguiat,
Marco Benguiat, Miss Benguiat, Joseph
Greenbaum, C. Chapel Judson. Miss Ma
bel Claire Craft. Mrs. A. E. Pratt, J. B.
Grimwood, William B. Hubbard, Charles
P. Hubbard, T. C. Van Ness, Mrs. T. C.
Van Ness, Miss Daisy Van Ness, Miss
Kate Clement, S. C. Wlnans, Mrs. A. D.
Sharon, Miss Sharon. R. M? Hotaling,
Robert T. McKee, S. H. Stow, Miss Belle
Smith, Miss Stow. W. N. Drown, Mirs
Bernie Drown, Horace B. Chase, Mrs.
Horace B. Chase. Mr. McKinstry, Miss
McKlnstry. Mrs. R. E. Bunker. Miss Em
elle Hughes, Edward Schmieden, Mrs.
Edward Schmieden. Mrs. Gaston Ashe,
Miss Harrington, Miss L. T. Harrington.
M. H. Hecht. Mrs. M. H. Hecht. Miss
Hecht. __.* B. Carroll, Mrs. E. B. Carroll,
Mrs. L. J. Hanchett, Lieutenant R. F.
Nicholson, Robert L. Coleman. Mrs. Rob
ert L. Coleman, Miss Edith Ripley, Mar
tin J. Burke, M. P. Hannlgan. Mrs. W. P.
Harrington. Miss. Bessie Hannlgan, Miss
Edna Hannlgan, Dr. E. S. Breyfogle, Mrs.
E. S. Breyfogle Bruce Cornwall.
Lord Beresford; Captain Silas W. Terry,
Lieutenant Commander R. P. Rodgers,
Lieutenants William 11. Sch'entze, H. M.
Witzell and Glennie Tarbo. Ensigns N. C.
Twining and D. M. Wood. Naval Cadets
V. S. Houston, J. W. Graeme, A. J. Hep
burn, W. C. Asserson. O. G. .Murfln, Hil
ary Williams A. H. McCarthy, A. T.
Graham and 11. L. Collins, Surgeon M. H.
Simons, Passed Assistant Surgeon R. P.
Crandall, Paymaster James A. . Ring
Chief Engineer C. W. Rae. Assistant En
gineers D. M. Garrison. H. O. Blsset and J
R. Morris, Chaplain F. C. Brown, Captain
Lincoln Karmanv, IT. S. M. C Pay
Clerk C. W. Looniis and Lieutenant H. C
Davis. - U. S. M. C, Aaron Alt
man. Miss Kathryn Kidder. Mr
and Mrs. Louis James, Freder
Every school and nearly every class had
Its postmaster or postmistress, on whom
devolved the duty of distributing the gay
cards. The teachers as a rule were fairly
loaded down with these tokens, while now
and then one of the kind called "comics"
was surreptitiously slipped into the post
office by the bad boy of the class, who
thus availed himself of his one oppor
tunity to let his teacher know what his
real sentiments toward her were.
Tho valentines displayed in the shop
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WASH
DRESS
FABRICS!
_T ADK I i_. o I
Jm. JL ___ _____"""* ___, *___ __S. H^_X •
We announce the arrival of 150 cases
Choice Wash Dress Fabrics, the latest
styles for 1899. In the collection are:
English Galateas, Irish Dimities,
Tufted Zephyrs, Scotch Madras,
Scotch Cheviots, Covert Cloths,
French Organdies, Scotch Ginghams,
Mercerized Mulls, Printed Percales,
Scotch Chambrays, Dotted Swiss,
French Printed Challies,
Silk Striped Flannels.
SPECIAL !
175 pieces FINE PRINTED ORGANDIES, 31 inches wide,
elegant designs —
12 I-2c and Isc yard,
2 cases PLAIN WHITE FRENCH ORGANDIES, 2 yard*
wide, at .
40c, 50c, 60c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.25 yard.
SAMPLES SENT FREE TO ANT ADDRESS. .
. 111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
. - 7' .■*.■•
ick Warde. G. Allen Hancock, Dr. and
Mrs. G. Self ridge, Mrs. George R. Wells,
Miss Marie Wells. Miss Madeline Leahy,
Miss Marie Oge, Mrs. Alma Keith, Miss
Keith, Joseph H. Keith, J. A. McNear,
M. Tarbot, Northrope Co-wles, Mrs. Percy
Moore, Mrs. F. D. Stadtmiller, Miss Stadt
miller, Mrs. W. C. H. Martin, J. B.
Crosby, G. H. Walter, F. T. Rodgers, H.
B. Laidlaw. Miss Lillian Follis,, Mrs. J.
L. Rathbone, Mrs. Laidlaw, Miss Laidlaw,
Captain W. S. Barnes and Mrs. Barnes,
Mr. Nessersmith, William Martin, Mr.
and Mrs. Leigh Larzalere. Augustus Tay
lor, W. H. Taylor Jr.. Miss Spring, Miss
Nelson. Leon Bocqueraz, Mrs. James" A.
Code, De Witt Treat, Mrs. L. H. Long.
D. M. Farland, Miss Julia Winston, War
ren D. Clark, Oscar T. Sewall, J. H.
Folles, Dr. Herbert Carolan, Isaac
Trumbo. ,:-.-«? ■*'-,„<
Miss Loughborough, Miss Josephine
Loughborough, Mrs. Grace F. Sham. Miss
Sham, Mrs. C. L. Bent, Miss Gibbons,
Miss Marjory Gibbons, Dr. M. R. Gibbons,
A. J. Brander, General Walter Turn
bull, J. R. Howell, Thomas J. Barbour,
Thomas McCaleb, Leonard Holmes, T. H.
Dowling, Miss Sophie G. Coleman, James
A. Thompson, Mrs. James A. Thompson,
Mr. and Mrs. William Cluff, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Cluff, Mr. and Mrs. Coleman of
Sacramento, William D. Page, John Tay
lor, J. P. Chandler, George S. Wheaton,
William Henry Leahy, Dr. and Mrs. J.
Dennis Arnold, Miss Page, Miss Cheever,
Mrs. Walter, L. E. Hanchett, Mrs. G.
D. Strickland, Miss Delmas, Mrs. L. E.
Hanchett, Thomas C. Berry. Major G. D.
Downey, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Herbert,
Dv Pont Coleman, Mr. and Mrs. J. J.
Deane, Miss Mary Deane, Miss Gertrude
Forman, Mr. and Mrs. Percy E. Haslett,
Miss Mac Herbert, Miss Chisholm.
William Foote Aldrich, Miss Eugenia
Ware, Miss Jennie Blair, Mr. and Mrs. F.
Sewell, Mrs. William Mizner, Mr. and
Mrs. Daniel McLeod, Harry S. Dutton. L.
B. Edwards. John Carrlgan. E. H. Shel
don, Allen St. J. Bowie. A. B. Costlgan,
Everett N. Bee, Mrs. Polly Dunn. James
K. Wilson, Burbank Sommers, Henry F.
Dutton, E. J. Coleman. H..H. Pitcher.
Miss A. M. Denning. O. W. Jackson, Miss
Fannie Hughes. Charles Tuttle. Mrs.
Charles Tuttle. Mr. and Mrs. Fred Tal
lant, Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Thompson, Mrs.
Allender. Miss Charlotte Ellenwood, Rob
ert G. Hooker. R. H. Warfield, Mrs. War
field. R. E. Warfield. Miss Romie Wallace,
Miss . Margaret Cole, E. L. * Brayton,
Thomas Rickaw, P. C. Moore. Mrs.
Charles M. Shortridge, Miss Jane Dunn,
H. R. Veider. H. B. 'iaylor. Colonel
George Stone," Miss M. W. Stone. Miss M.
L. J. Stone, Fred W. Zeile, Mrs. F. W.
Zelle. Lansing Mizner. John Owen. James
M. Wilson, Colonel David E. Miles. Mr.
and Mrs. R. P. Schwerin, Mrs. C. Dan
forth, Bruce Certine, Lansing Kellogg,
Lieutenant B. F. Smith, Lieutenant Louis
C. Wolf, W. C. Chapin, Mrs. John Claw
windows this year ranged from the sim
ple card with Its verse to the most elab
orate folding affairs. Some of, the latter
were marvels of artistic beauty and com
manded a price as fancy as the design
upon them; but nothing was too good for
the adored ones, and so the shopkeepers
reaped a golden harvest, ■while the heart
of many a pining maiden < and doubt
racked swain was made glad.
. There are also some schoolboys who
have new scores to settle* y'/yyyy
son. Mrs. James A. Code, Mrs. L. H.
Long, Mrs. Wilber Parker, Mrs. W. O. H.
Martin, Miss Anna Hewston. Mrs. W. F.
Herrin. Miss Bessie Fox, Morris Davis,
Mr. McCreary.
Lurllne Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tun Dacha. Saltwater direct from ocean.
■ ♦ ■
Contract Laborers Rejected.
United*. States Immigration Commis
sioner North yesterday refused a landing
to Usakichl Tamamote and S. iviorishita,
who arrived from Japan on board the
America Maru on the 10th Instant. Both
men had contracts with Dol Daiklchl of
Los Angeles to work for three years on a
beet sugar plantation near that place.
■ ♦ ■
Dr. D" Evelyn, returned from the East. Office,
Phelan building. •
■■» . ,
Good News for Producers.
A. Sbarboro. president of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association, re
ceived a dispatch yesterday from E. Good
win, manager of the association, now in
Washington, stating that he had secured
legislation by which $50,000 worth of the
Indian supplies, heretofore purchased in
the East, will be furnished by Western
houses. The articles of trade are blan
kets and woolen goods.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address -.nakesis. New York. •
• » •
Benefit for Mrs. Hallett.
The concert and ball given for the ben
efit of the widow of the late Captain
Hallett at Golden Gate Hall last evening
was a decided success. The entertain
ment opened with a farce, "The Happy
Pair," which was followed by several vo
cal and instrumental numbers. The finan
cial returns will be substantial.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVEYOU
BEEN CURED!
If Not, Why Not?
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEANY, THE OLD RELI-
ABLE AND LONG ESTABLISHED
SPECIALIST.
Office 737 Market street,
Where the sick and afflicted can receive
treatment in the future, as they have in
the past, from the ablest and most suc-
cessful Specialist of the age.
gome doctors fall because of treating
the wrong disease: others from not know-
ing the right treatment.
NO MISTAKE*- 1 . NO FAILURES.
In the treatment of any of the following
diseases. Vitality and Vigor imparted to
all diseased organs and perfect cure-
guaranteed:
. Kidneys. Bright's Disease,
Cntarrh, Nervous Debility,
Throat, Private Diseases,
Lun" s, - Blood and .kin,
Head, Rupture.
Heart, ■ Rheumatism.
Bladder. Diseases of Rectum,
Liver. Spleen, Varicocele,
Stomach, H- drocele.
And all swellings, tenderness and im-
pediments of the sexual parts; effects of
indiscretions in youth or excesses in
after life, neglected and Improperly
treated cases; -lack of vitality; sexual
weakness, dizziness, weak p back, failing
memory, despondency, etc., promptly and
effectualy cured.
WOMEN'S DISEASES A SPECIALTY.
WRITE If you cannot call. Letters con-
fidential and answered in all languages.
- HOME TREATMENT-The most suc-
cessful home treatment known to the
medical profession. Thousands who were •
unable to call at offlce have been cured at
home by our special treatment. Consul-
tation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market St. - m
Office Hours— to 12 m. ; 2 to 5 and 7to 8
1 p. in.; Sundays from 10 to _.