VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 180.
TREACHERY
OF NATIVES
OF NEGROS
Display a Flag of Truce and
Then Fire Upon Landing
Party of Americans.
CAPT. TILLEY MISSING
Malay Seamen Prom the Cable Ship
Reoorder Taken, Beaten and Then
Cut to Pieoes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. May 2S.— The cable ship
Recorder, while picking up the
cable between the islands of
Negroa and Cebu, went to the
town of Escalante, on the for
mer Island. She landed a* party
in a launch, consisting of the com
mandor, second officer and several of
the crew, and also Captain George P.
Tilley of the Signal Corps, who was on
I the ship to observe the cable
Ltlons. A flap of truce had been
■1 by the rebels, who watted until
the party had landed and then treach
erously poured a murderous volley
ur>'Ui them. Captain Tilley and one of
the men at once threw themselves Into
thf* water.
The commander of the Recorder, run
ning a great risk, managed to reach
auncfa and put off from the bank
ye it from rapture by the rebels.
• while a rain of bullets was fall
; 1 around the fugitives. The sec
ond mate was nicked up by the launch
aa he was pinking, but was alive.
He said that the last he saw of Captain
Tilley the latter was swimming feebly
by his side.
The steamer was far out from shore,
but those on board could see that the
Malay seamen were caught by the
.1 and then cut to
hip returned to Hoilo,
stopped and within an hour troops
dispatched t" the Bcene "f the at
taj k.
washtn'<;t<~>n\ May 28. — General
• to-day received a cablegram
fr.mi Major Thompson at Manila, re
ng that a party landing for the re
pair able at Escalante. Island
had been treacherously at
tacked by : atlves; that Captain fJeorere
P. Tilley, Sitrnal Corps, is missing, and
that t!i" w«»rst is feared. Tilley's serv
■ the Philippines have been
marked by such ability, courage and
thai his superiors placed him in
■st ranks of subordinate offi-
Tne cable operations referred t"
• ih"pc of the Signal Corps, but
;: .stern Kxtension Cable Com
pany, that has been permitted to repair
replace certain cables in the
Vlsayan Islands. Tilley doubtless ac
uiied the expedition as the repre
sentative of the United States, the su
pervision of all telegraph lines and
s being a part "f his duties. No
iualtles In the Signal Corps
have been as yet reported In this expe
dition. Tilley was appointed from Cali
fornia.
HELENA, Mont., May i».— <aptain
Gteorge P. Tilley, reported probably
killed by Filipinos at Esealante, Island
■ «ms, had been a resident of Hel
pna since 1884. He was an expert teleg
rapher and electrician, and a man ol
character. He was born about
thirty-eight years ago at Jamaica,
I* L, "where his father, a Civil War
veteran, still lives. Tilley enlisted early
In the war with Spain as lieutenant of
th<^ Signal Corps, and was promoted
*oon after reaching the Philippines for
• inspicuous able service. He had be-n
*r recommended for promotion to
hr*>vet maior.
DREYFUS' WILL NOW
HAVE A NEW TRIAL
Arrangements Made to Transport the
Devil's Island Prisoner Back
to France.
LONDON, May 28.— M. de Blowitz. the
Paris correspondent of the Times, com
irenting upon the steps anout to be taken
by the Court of Cassation in the case of
K Dreyfus, says: The report of M. Ballot
fee Beaupra ends by saying: "If the court-
Adopts the conclusion of its reporter it
■will order a revision of tho case and will
tend Dreyfus before a fresh court-martial
tc be Judged according to the law."
In that case acquittal is certain. I
doubt whether there will even be partial
secrecy In the new trlj'.l, .as everything
haa already been revealed and no danger
has arisen either at home or abroad.
LONDON, May 29.— The correspondent
of the Daily Telegraph at Cayenne. Cap
ital of French Guiana telegraphs .the
•:ince of an Interview he has had |
with M. L. Mouttet,, governor-general of j
the colony, as to the possibility of the
retransportation of Dreyfus to. France,
The governor-general said:
The question has been already thoroughly
considered. I have received the minutes, the
lrFtructions relating to his removal from the
11, dv Salut, which will be personally super-
Intended by myself and M. Pennele, Governor
i .■ the IleH <!" Balut. No person but the State
officials and the regular warden will- be per
mitted to witness his departure, which will
take place In the roads of [ale Royale, without
touching at Cayenne. While on the ship he
viii be invisible to the crew, the jailers alone
administering to him. I have received by the
latest Government courier a sealed dispatch
v.ith orders to open It only in the event of
revision. What arrangements there are for dls
rVntinn in France I do not know.
TELLS OF DISTRESS
ON COPPER RIVER
Prospector Robinson of Oakland Says
Death Has Been the Portion
• of Many.
SEATTLE, May Among tho arrivals
ito-day from the Copper River is T. P.
! inson of Oakland, Cal., who is- return- I
ing home crippled and enfeebled. One
brief sentence tells , a distressing story. j
He Fays:
"Snow everywhere In the Interior of j
Alaska in the region of what is known as
tho Copper River country. There are
eighty men I know of who are probably
dead, or, If not dead, will die In an effort
to reach civilization."
The San Francisco Call.
MISSIONITES DENOUNCE
THE FRANCHISE STEAL
Indignant Citizens Applaud the Intimation That a Good Stout Rope
Would Fit the Case of the "Solid Seven."
Banded Together, Three Hundred Strong, They
Will March To-Day to the City Hall to
Vigorously Protest Against the
Proposed Infamy, .
JUDAS heads the list of those who
have bartered their mortal souls
for coin. Are the' solid seven of
the Board of Supervisors ready
to complete that roll of infamy to
date by adding their names to itP
It looks like it. They seem to have
sold themselves, body and breeches,
to the Southern Pacific and the Mar
ket-street Bailway Company, and
those corporations are accustomed to
exact the limit once they pay the
price. The limit in the present case
consists of a double track franchise
for a steam railroad from Third and
Townsend streets to the county line
' and a blanket franchise for electric
street railways, to defeat for fifty
years the operations of the new char
'< ter and shut out competition.
They asked for these things Mon
day a week ago. Three days later the
Street Committee of the Supervisors
recommended the passage to print
of the resolutions, and to-day the
"solid seven" stand ready to do the
bidding of the corporations.
The "solid seven"' has never been
known to do anything for nothing,
anu it is not probable, at this late
day, that they would change their
rule. The haste they have shown to
do what the corporations required
would imply that they are not only
•out for the stuff,'' but that they
have received it. In their eagerness
to deliver the goods they forgot even
to give such semblance of good faith
j to their acts as to allow the usual
ume to elapse between the application
for an important franchise and its
full consideration. That is why they
propose this afternoon to rush the
resolutions to print.
They will not do so. brazen as they
are, shameless as they have proved
I themselves, without a protest that
i will make them quail. At a meetin-g
held yesterday three hundred citizens
of the Mission applauded the state
ment of one of their number to the
effect that the "traitors needed a
rope/a nd they pledged themselves to
descend this afternoon on the Super
visors, protest against the contem
plated infamies, plead with the
"sordid seven" not to do this thing,
and. finally, if the betrayal was com
pleted, to storm the chamber with
their indignation.
The "solid seven" may even stand
that. A few hours will tell. Will
they complete to date the list that
Judas leadsP
Throe hundred residents and prop
erty holders of the Mission, voicing th»
Indignation of the citizens of that pop
ulous section, will march in a body this
! afternoon to the City Hall to protest
' by their presence against the passage
• to print of the resolutions recommend
: ed by the subservient Street Commit
tee granting a. double-track franchise
I to the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany and a "blanket" franchise to the
j Market Street Company for its lines
| over the streets of the city. A speclal-
I ly appointed committee of ten .will put
! the protest into form and ask that the
proposed treason be not consummated.
If, in the face of this, the solid seven
| vote to betray the people the three
' hundred present will arise, and, crying
"shame on them," point the linger of
| scorn at the traitors who have earned
their thirty pieces of silver.
No ropes will be taken to the City
Hall, as has been suggested by more
than one, and no attempt will be
! made to string up any member of the
"solid seven," but there is no telling
; what exciting incidents may take
place if the seven carry out their
avowed purpose.
"Do not betray us! Do not betray
I us:" will be the cry of the three hun
-1 dred, and it would be indeed a defiant
I lot of Supervisors to face the storm
that is prepared to break at the first
sign of treachery. The cry was voiced
first yesterday afternoon by one of the
speakers at an indignation meeting of
. iiizons and property owners of the
Iffssion at Mangels Hall, and it was
taken up by three hundred volunteers,
who raised their hands in pledge of
their Intention to join the march to
the hall.
The meeting was held at the call of
the Mission and Potrero Improvement
Club, and long before the hour when
Chairman T. B. Slevin called it to or
der standing room was at a premium.
I The men assembled were solid citizens
i of the district and they were not slow
i once they got down to business to voice
I their views of the shameless "solid
• seven" and the franchise steal their
votes were purchased to legalize.
In calling the meeting to order Chair
man Slevin recited the history of the |
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MAY 29, 1899.
SCENES AT THE INDIGNATION MEETING IN MANGELS HALL
I franchise grab, already so well known
'to the citizens of San Francisco. He
j told how last Monday the double-track
; resolution had been hurried to the
Street Committee of the Supervisors
and had come before It on the succeed
i Ing Thursday. At that time, he said,
! four members of the Mission and Pot
refo CMub went before the committee
i and asked that consideration of the
resolution might be postponed in order
i that citizens of the Mission might be
1 heard in protest against its passage to
print. Supervisor Aigeltinger, he said,
; then assured them that there would be
', no objection to granting the postpone
! ment, and said that the matter would
go over till next Thursday, when they
i could have a hearing. The club repre
! sentatives left with this assurance, but
; they had hardly got beyond the door
j of the committee room ere Aigentinger
! and his associates, eager to do the bld-
I ding of their new master, had recom
mended the passage to print of the
! ordinance. Mr. Slevin said that four
\ members of a committee had called on
j Supervisor Attrldge Sunday morning
; and talked with him about the ad
; visability of re-referring the ordl
i nance to the Street Committee so that
j the citizens of the Mission might have
1 the opportunity to make a formal pro
i test against its passage.
MISSION RESIDENTS
MAKE A PROTEST
THE citizens of the Mission have risen to protest against the cut
and-dried infamy of the Solid Seven of the Board of Supervisors.
In mass meeting assembled yesterday they denounced them as
traitors to the people, and planned to descend upon them in a
body to cry out against th c delivery of the city, bound hand
and foot, to the Market-street Railway and the Southern Pacific. At
the indignation meeting in Mangel's Hall the following protest was
adopted and signed by all present:
SAN FRANCISCO. May 28, 1899.
To tho Honorable the Board of Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco:
"We. the residents and property owners of the Mission, do hereby protest
against the proposed granting of permission to the Southern Pacific Com
pany to lay a double track for railroad purposes from Third and Townsend
Streets to the sourtherly boundary line of this city and county along the
present route now pursued by said company and for grounds of protest and
objection name the following:
That the benefits conferred to this municipality will be more than offset
by the deterioration caused to the property of the adjoining owners through
the nuisances created in consequence of an additional number of trains being
run than at the present time, resulting in the undermining of foundations,
pollution of the atmosphere, greater and enhanced alarm of fires from sparks
and an increase of fire insurance rates to said owners, detention and delays
of street cars at crossings, the hazard to life and limb of citizens, and also a
condemnation of homes erected by the people of this city which have made
the Mission district a district of homes convenient for themselves and to
their places of labor.
That no occasion for this change exists, as the Southern Pacific is owner
of land along the bay shore where a roadway leading to our principal depot
could be constructed, thereby facilitating greater convenience to the public
in goneral and less damage to our people.
Wherefore, the citizens and property owners of the Mission humbly pray
that your honorable board will faithfully represent your constituency by re
fusing and denying this unjust request of the Southern Pacific Company.
It was decided, also, that copies of this protest would be left at
various places in the district for such citizens as wished to sign up till 2
o'clock this afternoon. The places selected are: H. F. Wynne's drug store,
Twenty-second and Folsom; George Mangel's grocery, Twenty-fourth
and Folsom; Mitchell Bros.' grocery. Twenty-fourth and Harrison, and
John Green's grocery. Twentieth and Harrison.
"We have his assurance," continued
Slevin, "that he will act in our behalf,
not allowing it to go before the board
to-morrow by reason of the fact that
the committee will not. report on it.
This will give us the opportunity we
desire of protesting. to the Street Com
mittee next Thursday."
The chairman then called upon
George L. Center for a statement of the
case concerning the double-track fran
chise, and Secretary E. D. Sullivan
read the following, which had been pre
pared for the occasion:
The facts and reasons why tho
doublf-track steam railroad franchise
should not be granted:
The San Jose Railroad Company
has not nor never had a franchise
from the city for its route from Six
teenth to Twenty-fifth and Valencia
struts. Whatever rights it may
have, have grown out of usurpation.
That the railroad passing through
Bald district passes over and along on
the sidewalks, In one case for a dis
tance of over eiKhty feet, making it
an impossibility to improve the prop
erty along its route; and that where
improvements already exist, on ac
count of the dust, smoke and noises
at all hours of the day mid night, it is
almost impossible to rent houses or for
people to live along its route on ac
count of the nuisances caused by the
trains. It is also detrimental to land
values and exceedingly dangerous to
life and limb. Probably 80.000 people
cross and re-cross these tracks daily,
thousands of whom are children. Also
all the street teaming and car traffic
on all the main thoroughfares leading
out of the city, from Fourth und
Townsend to the county line, are corn
nulled to cross these tracks at all
hours, at a great risk to life and limb.
The Street Committee of the Board
of Supervisors, without consulting the
people Interested, or giving them an
opportunity to be heard— as they prom
ised—have recommended that the .
steam franchise be granted for an In
definite time, thus making a nuisance
we have believed to be temporary, per
manent.
This action in the face of the ad
vanced methods of motive power of
the present day. the Street Commit
tee of the Board of Supervisors pro
pose to perpetuate this steam nuisance
through this thickly settled portion of
the city, so far as they are concerned,
for all time. Electricity as a motive
power has now advanced to such per
fection that its use should be compul
sory throughout the residence portions
of the city.
These elected guardians" of the peo
ple's rights seem to regard these rights
as their own individual perquisites to
be bartered away for their own per
sonal benefit. The question is, How
long are the people going to submit to
this condition of things, and what are
they going to do about it?
Chairman Slevin called attention to
the fact that the company had made
"an entire change of front concerning
the double-track road since its attempt
to pass a franchise through the Super
visors a year ago. At that time, he
said, Attorney Foulds had contended
that by reason of the fact that the Hne
was marked on the official map the city
had granted permission to run the line
across and along its streets. Now, said
I Slevin, Foulds contends that the com
pany has been in undisturbed posses
sion so long that no power this side of
I the Attorney General of the State
' could disturb it.
In line with these remarks of the
chairman, the secretary read the fol
lowing communication, which had been
prepared and a ropy of which will be
presented this morning to each Super
visor:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 29.1599.
To the Honorable the Board of Su
gervlsors of the City and County of
an Francisco— Gentlemen: In order
that you may understand the position
of the residents of the Mission district
in relation to the proposed granting by
you to the Southern Pacific Company
of permission to lay a double track
along the present route of said com
. pany extending from Third and Town
send streets to the county line we
herewith submit for your consideration
the following facts:
First— The San Francisco and San
Jose Railroad Company possessed a
right of way and operated a railroad
from 1854 to 1868. The route of said
railroad extended from San Jose to
San Francisco, and its terminus was
at the junction of Market and Valen
cia streets.
Second— The Southern Pacific Com
pany was granted a franchise along
Townsend street in 186—.
Third— ln 1868 the Southern Pacific
Company purchased the stock of the
San Francisco and San Jose Railroad
under permission of the Legislature.
They owned repair shops at Sixteenth
and Harrison streets, and Mr. John
< 'enter, who. then owned the greater
portion of the Mission, which .was In
those days large fields, granted to the
Southern Pacific Company temporary
permission to lay a spur track from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets to
the said repair shops. In 1870, when
the residents of the Mission section
learned that said railroad was likely
to become permanent, they protested
to the tracks remaining in their midst.
The i railroad company assured them
that it had no intention of remaining,
and 'made application for a ■ right- of
way- along the bay shore.'. The rail
road was granted -a right of way in
1870 along said bay shore, and was also
presented with about a hundred and
twenty acres of land at the end of
Third 1 street for depot purposes. The
railroad, never moved its tracks, and
replied time and time again to the pe
titions' for removal that they would
do so as ; soon as- their bay shore line
would be- completed. The bay , shore
line has never been commenced. Now
they tell us and you that they will
never abandon said road. They have
no franchise to operate from Sixteenth
?«S e & l %> Vi , l i en cia, and it is only rot
for Mr. Foulds to say that the city has
lost ts right to its streets because of
th» L en th '° f "i 116 • intervening ■ since
the first " railroad operated its trains
v« On c -f* l^'" The city never loses
its rights to its streets. . .
Now the present" railroad is a nui
sance. : It operates through a thickly
settled j portion . of San Francisco- set
tled, - unfortunately, by poor . people
\Y c . say unfortunately, for it seems to
be pretty well. defined 'that wealth has
more claims upon public, officials than
has poverty, even though there may
be no differences on election day
Thousands of property owners' are
daily. annoyed by this railroad; thou
sands of children daily cross its tracks
to the great danger of their lives
thousands of sick and nervous persons
are Injured by the noise of passing
trains. The result of all this is that
property has depreciated in value in
our. midst, and though the Mission is
favored by nature, still the Southern
Pacific Company, through means only
known. to God and the Boards of Su
pervisors, insists on maintaining this
nuisance. In i European cities such a
nuisance would not be tolerated Rail
roads ■ should •be • operated in sections
of cities away from the residence por
tion thereof. The contemplated action
of you gentlemen in granting permis
sion' to lay a double track simply
means that our homes will be lost for
ever to us. No one desires to live
along. the route of the railroad No
property owner can now dispose of his
property. Within the last thirty
years property, on account of the rail
road, has depreciated In value 50 per
cent, and , this | double track means
simply that property valuations will
further depreciate.
We therefore appeal to you as citi
zens and ; taxpayers to . stand by us
You are our servants. Over 25.000 of
us are to be affected by your action to
day. We elected you to office, and we
want you to serve our purposes. Let
nothing swerve you from your duty.
Let your; motto be the greatest good
to the greatest number. Stand upon
your rights and the rights of your fel
low, citizens. Do not betray 'us. Re
member the lot- of the traitor is unen
viable. - No, traitor ever yet was . re
spected;, no > one desires his company
no, not even, the persons who have
purchased V> him. "Be >no Judas Is
cariot and sell your master for thirty
pieces of silver, but be true to what
is expected of you. and your fellow
citizens will reward you with that
most- cheering of all human rewards,
''Well done, thou good and faithful
servant."
Gentlemen.' do not permit a double
track to be laid in our midst.
A resolution, word for word with th
Continued oa seventh Paga.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TORNADO'S
PATH TRACED
BY THE DEAD
Father and Six Children in
One Family Lose Their
Lives.
COUNTRY LAID WASTE
Buildings, Orchards and Grain Lev
eled by a Twister in Nebraska
and South Dakota.
Ppeclal Dispatch to The Call.
CHAMBERLAIN, S. Dak.. May 28.—
Word reached town this evening of a
disastrous and fatal tornado whii-h
passed across the country in the vicinity
of Bijou Hills, twenty-five miles south
of this city, yesterday afternoon, re
sulting in the death of seven persons
and the serious injury of two others.
The killed are:
CHARLES PETERSON.
SIX CHILDREN of Charles Peter
son, ranging from 3 to 15 years of age.
Peterson's wife and two other chil
dren were so badly injured that they
may die.
The tornado formed on a section in
plain view of hundreds and moved in
a southerly course, the first place
reached being that of Arthur Coden,
which was totally destroyed. The
storm then destroyed a church and a
schoolhouse, after which it reached the
Peterson place, where the execution
was simnlv appalling. The dead and in
jured were strewn about the premises,
all being bruised and maimed in a
shocking manner, while the buildings
were crushed into splinters.
After doing its worst here, the tor
nado passed into the range of hills
skirting the Mississippi river, where it
appears to have been dissolved. Every
thing in its course was completely de
stroyed. The path covered oy the tor
nado was only about twenty-five rods
wide and about three miles in length.
The wind was accompanied by a heavy
fall of rain and hail.
This was the first tornado that ever
appeared in this section.
OMAHA, May 28.— A special to the
; Bee from Central City, Nebr., says:
: Probably the most destructive tornado
I that ever visited Nebraska passed
through the northern part of Hamilton
County last night at 7 o'clock, destroy
ing from $75J000 to $100,000 worth of
property, including fifteen dwellings,
one church, one schoolhouse, two iron
bridges across Blue River, barns, corn
cribs, out buildings, orchards, fences
and stock.
The funnel-shaped cloud first struck
the farm of Peter Jacoby on section 8,
township 11, completely destroying the
house, barn and other buildings. The
cloud then arose and did not again
strike the ground for two miles, when
it again descended and caught the
dwelling, barn.outbuildings and wind
mill of W. P. Lantzen, leveling them.
The residence and outbuildings on the
farm of William Steel, C. R. Eastman
and T. L. Clothier were leveled to the
ground.
On the Clothier place the family had
taken refuge in a cellar. An ©Id-faeh
ioned hay knife stuck in the wall by
the side of Al Clothier's head. The
knife was blown from Eastman's place,
a mile away. W. W. Shenberger's farm,
occupied by Georer° Noble, was the
next one visited. All the buildings were
leveled to the ground. The family had
taken re/uge in the cellar, and while
there a horse was blown in. The horse
was killed, but none of the family were
were injured.
On the farm of Mr. Liebhart, one of
the finest in Hamilton County, the
house, barn, corncribs, granaries and
outbuildings w.ere smashed into kind
ling wood and a large oi chard ruined.
Cottonwood trees nearly two feet in
diameter were stripped completely of
their foliage, some were uprooted and
others twisted off. Many hugs, two
horses and a number of thoroughbred
cattle were killed.
The residences of Peter Herningsen,
Hans Luff and A. R. Buck, with all
outbuildings, were scattered to the
winds.
The Danish Lutheran Church, togeth
er with a schoolhouse, parsonage and
large barn belonging to the church,
were wrecked. Rev. Mr. Strandskow
and family and the family of Nels An
derson, nineteen persons in all, took
refuge in a cellar under the parsonage.
A large steel range dropped into the
cellar, but fortunately no one was in
jured. Every monument in the ceme
tery adjoining the church was either
turned over, broken or destroyed.
A little north of the church the storm
crossed Blue River, taking the iron
bridge, carrying It a hundred feet or
more and twisting it into a tangled
mass.
Other residences destroyed were
those of R. Olson, Chris Hansen, Chris
Rasmussen, I. C. Anderson. C. P. XH
son and George Cayahan. Cayahan
was slightly injured. A. P. Johnson's
place was the last in the track of the
storm to meet with loss. All his build
ings and much stock were lost.
The track of the storm was sixteen
miles in length and about 100 yards in
width. During the blow a little rain
fell, accompanied by immense hail
stones. In nearly every case the fami
lies sought shelter in cellars. While
there were many narrow escapes,
strange to say no one was seriously in
jured. The loss to crops will be slight,
but groves and orchards were ruined.
A majority of the t farms were insured,
but it will be impossible for several
days to get the amount of individual
losses. Household goods and clothing
were all destroyed. Probably 5000 peo
ple viewed the scene to-day.
BEATRICE. Neb.. May 28.— A severe
hailstorm visited Beatrice early this
evening. The storm came up suddenly
and hundreds of people were caught
while driving. Several runaways oc
curred, ia which many people were In2
jured, the most seriously being Louis
Cox, whose Bhoulder Mad.- waa broken,
and his wife, who sustained painful
bruises. Dead birds li«- in the streets
by hundreds, trees arc stripped of their
leaves, fruit and crops destroyed and
window panes by the hundreds brok
en, The storm is reported i<> have been
even more severe out in the country
than in the cit> .
HASTINGS, Neb., May •:«.— A terrffie
hailstorm struck this city at 8:46 this
afternoon and continued fifteen min
utes, during \\hich time over £(>OO panes
.'!' glass were broken, fruit and grain
destroyed, chickens and birds killed
and injured and several persons hurt.
At the asylum tor the chronic insane
lanes >.f glass were broken in the
[n the -n "ii
house, when- an Immense amount of
damage was 1 done. The hail stones
came down with such force as to kill
many chickens, knocking birds out of
the trees and breaking tin" 1 shutters on
windows. The young 1 fruits on cherry.
c and peach trees were a!! knocked
d many boughs were broken. All |
the winter wheat was destroyed, but i
and cither grain «as not up far ■
,h to be affected. Garden truck
is partially destroj
Mrs. J. K. Hani;, id was standing in ;
her house watching the storm when ai
window pane was smashed, a
.ass suikins: her In the arm. j
making a painful wound. Several
ons v. rr- slightly Injun d. |
the stori cooped up the
hailstones by the pailful and filled their
refrigerators.
MONTEZUMA, [owa, May 28.— A
tornado which struck a half mile south
i f Keswick this rider
able damage. The farmhouse ol Mr.
: was demolished and five per-
Bons were Injured, Mrs. McCoj prob
ably fatally. Rain and hall followed
the storm and did great dan; ige to the
Ing cv>ps.
I >ES Mi 'INKS. lowa. May
.vindstorm at Mingo, [owa, about
twenty miles east of here, caused •
slderable damage to pr< pei ty, bul
deaths or Injuries are reported. 1
graph and telephone wires are pros-
KIKKSYILLK. Mo., May 28.—Kirks
ville was panic-stricken this evening
by a terrific windstorm, followed for
two hours by bi vere lightning and rain.
. outbuilding! roofed or
toppled over and on* was un
- were uprooted, phurch
services were suspended, s " general
waa the fright and excitement.
Apprehension was the more inK-ns^
because Professor Walrhan, who pre
i Kirksville's cyclone, had prophe
i return of the storm through Mis
souri to-day. People have had cloth-
Ing and \ i to store in ;
•s. ( "yi lon< i ayes ha ye been con
structed. DuMng the storm prolonged
through Th. last three days every
threatening ctoud ha= sent hundreds
trembling and praying t^> their cellars.
The terror that prevailed to-day was
■ d only to th.- scene of the terrible
Visitation of a month ago, when thirty
two persons were killed and a hundred
injured.
severe damage is reported from the
country southwest of h<
I'KTkt >IT. May 2i Is from
cities in Berrlen County report a se
vere and disastrous electrical storm to- )
flay. At St. Joseph, Col ma and Water
vleit several houses were badly dam
aged, and in the latter place one man 1
was killed. Fields in a number of j
places were Inundated.
MONTEREY PLANNING
FOR A CELEBRATION
Proposed Jubilee on the Fiftieth
Birthday of the Constitution .
of California.
MONTEREY, May There is a. move
ment on foot among the pioneer, Monte
reyans to arrange a 'ration in "Mdnte
rey of the fiftieth annivorsay of the day
on which the constitutional convention
completed Its work of drafting a consti
tution for the State if California. Great
interest in the project is being manifested
by the citizens. The constitution was com
pleted on October 13. 1849, but was not
formally adopted till Che banning of ISSO.
The plan is to set October 13 of the pres
ent year as th occasion for the .semi-cen
tennial celebration, which is to be partic
ularly Californian in its character and to
petition the Governor to proclaim that day
a State holiday, to be designated as Con
stitution day. The pioneers throughout
the State re enthusiastic over the plan.
Colton Hall, the building in Which the
constitutional convention Fat. is still
standing, though greatly in need of re
pair, owing to the lack of funds to keep
It up, and many of the old landmarks of
the pioneer era are to be found- In and
about Monterey, which in the light of
such a celebration would take on a new
interest to residents of the State. The
desk upon which the draft of the con
stitution rested while being signed and the
pen used by the signers are still in exis
tence, the latter in the possession- of the
family of the late Dr. James L. Ord.
whose brother. Judge Paciflcus Ord, of
Washington, D. C, is the only surlvor of
the members of the celebrated convention.
PRAISE FOR MEN WHO
FOLLOWED THE FLAG
Memorial Services Held Under the
Auspices of Stockton's Grand
Army Post.
STOCKTON, May 28.— Rawlina Post, G.
A. R., and the Woman's Relief Corps at
tended memorial services this evening at
the First Christian Church. The vete
rans and th.ir wives marched from thp
post ball In a body. The handsome new
church was •]• r | ,-. ,„., i
Tl<e nddre?s of Rev. Thomas Boyer was
repkte with patriotic sentiments. He
h'-id that the veterans before him had
boon favored by Providence in having
lived 'lay wh<-n- the colors they
had follow. -i in the dark hours of the
republic were waving In triumph over
every sea. The nation was working out
a srreat destiny, and he believed now as
in the past thai the Lord controlled the
ship of state. Hie ■ •,, the late
war were eulogistic of the President and
the soldiers
Sanitary District Formed.
SAN ANSELMO, May 28.-The elec
tion called by the Supervisors to form
R sanitary district of San Anselmo. Ross
Valley, Tamalpais, Larkspur and Sunny*
side was held- yesterday, at Ross -"Valley.
Those in favor of the step were victor'i
«V»;.the^. vvo te, c standing. '-'■' '" 8. .-Sheriff
Wljliam Taylor was elected Assessor and
the following property owners .■■ :i sani
tary board: Henry P: -Allen, W. S Da-*
vis. James Tunstead, T. B. Berry and
Charles Bach: : ,: .
♦ ♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦.♦.♦.♦..*;
BOW OF THE PARIS
IMPALED BY ROCKS
i uvciiui< rw. Cornwall, nay
► 28.— The ninth attempt to float
► the American liner Paris was
► made this evening, and proved
- an utter failure. Her bow is ah
► solutely impaled by. the rocks. •
►•; Five tugs were used in the,en
• deavor to tow her off, three
► others standing by for an
- emergency. Her boilers, except
- Ing those used for the pumps,
-. were emptied to lighten the ship.
The effect of the strain of last
► week's attempts is apparent in
►'; the increase of water in the en
►; pine room. Efforts to pull her off
* will now be discontinued, and it
* is proposed to concoct some new
-. plan : for lightening the vessel.
The pertinacity of the at-'
» tempts to tow the liner has
► caußedv considerable' •'•surprise
* among : experts here, -owing to
► the impalement of the bow, as
- her removal by towing must
► mean, in the opinion of experts,
* the tearing off of the bow. .
PARDON DENIED
MRS, MAYBRICK
England's Reply to Mr.
Choate.
AMERICA'S REQUEST FUTILE
UNITED STATES EMBASSADOR
SO INFORMED. '
|
British Government Finds No Reason
Why the Sentence of the Court
Should Be Set
Aside.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May £S.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
I Groat Britain has again refused the re-
I quest of the United States that Mrs. May
brick be pardoned. This is the result of
another application made for her release
| by Embassador Choate, who has just ca
i bled to Secretary Hay the answer he re
! reived from the British Foreign Office.
--i Sincere regret is expressed in ottlcial cir
cles. The British Government Is still un
able to see its way clear to freeing -the '
hapless woman.
Despite the discouragement attendant
I upon the reiterated declination of Great
; Britain to grant the request of this Gov
j ernment. 11 is the Intention of the admin-
I istration to continue its efforts in Mrs.
Maybrick*s behalf.
When Ambassador Choate was given his
formal instructions In February, just be
fore he left for Great Britain; he was di
rected to leave no stone unturned to ob
tain clemency for Mrs. Maybrlck, and at
J the proper time to make representation
I to the British Government. ,He complied
with his instructions several weeks ago
and the British Foreign Office consented
to look Into the case again. After a rea- ,
sonable time had ■ i Bed, during which it |
ie presumed the case was reviewed, the ;
reply was returned, courteously, that
nothing had developed to cause any
change In the conduct of the Government
with respect to the prisoner.
It was told to-day that the friends of
! Mrs. Maybrick in this country, who have -
i not, however, been advised of this latest i
development in her case, are still memo- !
rializlng the State Department and the
British Government in her behalf. The
State Department has just received from '.
a league organized to obtain Mrs. May
brick's release a long statement reciting :
' the facts and pleading that she be re- j
Stored to liberty. This memorial possibly ,
will be officially transmitted to the British |
Government for its information.
In July Mrs. Maybrick will have been !
ten years in prison an a result of the |
sentence imposed upon her in conse
quence I the finding of the jury that she \
was guilty of having administered arsenic
i to her husband, a. rich Liverpool mer
| chant. '
PADEREWSKI AND
MME, GORSKI WED
Great Pianist Joins the
Divorced Woman.
■ . ■ .
: Special' Dispatch to The Call.
. NEW YORK. May 29.— special to the
World from Paris says: The World's rep
resentative here learns on unimpeach
able authority that lgnace Paderewski,
the great pianist, was secretly married
last December to Mmc Elena Gorski, the
divorced wife of Ladislas Gorski, the
well-known violinist, formerly a member
of the Lamoureaux Orchestra.
Mme. Gorski, when in Geneva recently,
signed herself "Elena Paderewskl" on the
register of the Casino. Mme. Gorski and
Paderewski are now living quietly in
Paris together, awaiting the Pope's dis
pensation before having an ecclesiastical
marriage. A dispensation, however, is
really needed, as the madame's marriage
to Gorski was Illegal, having been with
out the consent of her parents, as the
Polish law requires. . :
The madame, who is still passing as
Mint-. Gorski in Paris, is 44 years of age
older, therefore, than Paderewski. She
has intensely black hair, Jewish features,
! which look beautiful and ugly by turns,
' and has a remarkable fascination.
Paderewski has been devoted to her from
a time when, years ago, Gorski took care
of Paderewski's invalid son, in the days
of the great musician's poverty and ob
scurity.
In case of an ecclesiastical marriage
Gorski will probably give his wife away,
as was done by Ruskin to Sir John Mil
lais. ■
MEDICAL MEN CHAT
WITH GERMAN ROYALTY
Tuberculosis Congress Delegates Pre
sented to the Kaiser and Em
press Augusta.
BERLIN*. May 88.— Fifty-six delegates
who had attended the Tuberculosis Con
gress, whose proceedings came to an end
here yesterday, wen presented to-day at
noon to Emperor William and Empress
Augusta Victoria ;i! Potsdam. Two rep
resentatives wore selected from each del
egation, for the presentation— Dr. J. C.
Boyd of the United States Naval Morliral
Corps, and Dr. yon Schweinitz represent
ing the United States.
There were nft speeches. The Duke of
Ratlbor made the introductions to their
Majesties. Emperor William chatted
pleasantly with each delegate and re
ceived a most agreeable. Impression man
ifestly from the American delegates, of
whom he made Special Inquiries regard
ing sanitaria for tuberculosis in the
United States, ifis Majesty expressed re
gret at the "tenflency to denude the
Initod States of forest?."
POSTAL LAWS VIOLATED
BY A URIAH CITIZEN
Otis Rfedemeyar Alleged to Have Sent
an Obscene Letter to a
Woman.
UKIAH. May 9.— A few days ago Mr?.
Sawyers, a young married woman of this
I city, received through the mail a letter
signed ;by a prominent young farmer
named Otis Redemeyer. The letter is now
in the hands of -Mrs. Sawyers' attorney,
J. Q. White, and la said to be obscene to
a degree. Mr. White refuses to discuss
the contents of the missive. John 1.. Mc-
Nab, attorney for Redemeyer, who Is the
son of a prominent banker in this city
alleges on behalf of his client that he has
j in his possession from the complainant
I letters which are equally as vicious as
that said to have been written by young
I Redemeyer. • ,• . . .■ .
TWO MEN KILLED IN
A MINE AT BUTTE
Angus McLeod and Anton Perenda
■ Blown to Pieces by Exploding "'
•■■'■•• Powder.
BTITTE, Mont.. May. 2B.— Ang'^HcLeod
and Antnn Perenda, working In the Dia
; mond mine, while drilling in a bole where
the/ blast had not been fired, wore blown
j to pieces by the explosion of the powder
I early this morning.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. MAY 'J9. 1899.
ADVENTISTS ENCAMPED
IN A CITY OF TENTS
STOCKTON, May 28.— All is in readiness for the con- j
vening of ihr* .State conference and camp rrv 'ing of
the Sev< n Day Adventists. The well appointed camp
at (Joodwater Grove was visited Eo-day by hundreds
of persons from this city, who wera surprised at the
size of the white city which has sprung up under the
spreading oaks during the past week.
Three hundred tents are set up on lines of military
precision. There is a main thoroughfare leading to the :
big meeting tent, and from it are numerous streets', all
duly numbered and indicated by directing signs. Even
th tents have their numbers and the inmates will be reg- i
istered, so that any one looking for friends will have no j
trouble in finding them. All of the carivas is bright and ;
clean, and .>n the floor of every tent is burlap, which is !
swept and cleaned daily.
The large tent in which the sessions of the conference
will be held will seat 2000 people. There is another big '
place, which will be known as the restaurant. Here all •
the foods which are peculiar to the sect will be served at i
a nominal cost. Most of the families will do their own
cooking, and the camp is provided with every convenience I
for improvised housekeeping.
There was a scene of activity at the camp to-day. Peo- j
pie were beginning to arrive in all kinds of vehicles,
while a few early comers reached the city by train. As to
day was not the Sabbath to the Adventists, but merely the
first of the week, the work of finishing the camp went on
without cessation. Everybody had something to do and
was working as if the success of the coming conference
depended entirely upon him. |
ADMIRAL SCHLEY
VISITS SALT LAKE
Attends Services in the
Tabernacle.
DELIVERS A SHORT SPEECH
NAVAL HERO SPEAKS IN PRAISE
OF THE WEST.
Attributes to the Women of America
the Confidence Upon Which
the Republic Is
Built.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, Utah, May 2S.— Rear-Ad
miral Schley arrived here from Denver
at 10 o'clock this morning. At Provo,
Utah, he was met by a reception commit
tee headed by Governor Wells and other
State officials. A large and enthusiastic.
crowd greetted the party at the railroad
station. At 2 o'clock in the afternoon the
rear-admiral and party attended the ser
vices at the Tabernacle. The regular ser
vices were suspended for special, service
in his honor. After music by the Taber
nacle Choir a short sermon was preached
by Dr. Talmage. At the conclusion of the
services Rear Admiral Schley was es
corted to the pulpit, and after shaking
hands with the church officials made a
short speech. He said in part:
This is the first time in my life that I have
ever been in the interior of this great empire
of ours, and I have abundant proof and reason
now to understand how it Is that we have
grown to such a mighty nation. , .
I believe that the fundamental principle un
derlying that confidence upon which the Repub
lic Is built has been the respect and love for its
women. As we say in our profession, the man
who serves behind the guns best Is the man
who has the best woman serving behind him.
It has been their doings largely which have
made our flag a little bit more beautiful;- that
has made us a little bit more proud of being
Americans.
In the war through which, we have just
passed I think It has been worth all the blood
that has been shed and all the money that has
been spent to have learned our own. power and
to have taught it to other people. Another Im
pressive lesson has been that the lines which
divided us heretofore have all been dissipated,
and in the war just ended the North and the
South, the East and the West, have stood in
that brotherhood : and in , that readiness to die
for the best flag; in the world, supported and
protected by the best people, because they be
lieve In God and God's presence In everything.
In the afternoon the visiting, party was
driven through the principal streets to
the home of George Y. Wallace, whose
guests they will be during their stay in
the city. ____________
ALASKAN RAILWAY PROJECT
Rails to Be Laid From Norton Sound
to the Yukon Riyer.
TACOMA, Wash., May 28.— J. E. Curl
ing, president of the Alaska-Yukon River
Transportation Company, has arrived
from London and will go north to look
after that company's interests. With him
are Engineer Blair of London and Mr.
liubbard of Chicago, the company's attor
ney. <iurling proposes to save 700 miles
of water transportation between St. Ml
cbael and Nulato by building seventy-live
miles <>f railroad from a point on Nor
ton Sound, near the mouth of the Unalak
lik. to the Yukon River, about forty-five'
miles from Nuato. Part of the route was
located and the balance surveyed last
year.
As the route lies within the Wi-mile.
military reservation around St. Michael,
riK'tit of way must be obtained from Con-
Tliis was impossible last year nw
fng tn the Spanish war excitement, but
Senator Garter and others have assured
Curling thai Congress will grant the
needed concession in the interest of
Alaska" development.
Whiteman Is Arrested.
NEW YORK, May 2S.— Alonzo J. White
man was arrested to-Jay on a warrant Is
si;..l in March, IS9R, charging him with
passing a worthless check on the New
Amsterdam Hotel. Whiteman gave $. r ifH)
cash bail for appearance for examination
to-morrow.
Family Burned to Death.
SAVANNAH. Ga.. May 28.— Advices
from Hatrdeeville. S. C. report the burn
ing to death of Jacob Solomon, his wife
and seven children in an accidental firo
which destroyed their house.
The first service will be held • - Tu--sday evening, but
the sesisons proper will not be begun till "Wednesday
morning. Every morning at 5 o'clock a bell will arouse
the camp and an early hour -c will be held a half
hour lat< r. There will be services at frequent intervals all
day. with a general preaching and exposition of the tenets
oTthe sect in the evening. The regular services will be
gin on the 30th inst. and last ten days. At the expiration
of that time. 1f the general interest justifies it, the meet
ings will be continued longer. No smoking is allowed on
the grounds. Coffee, tea and meat will he eschewed as un
fit for the table, but there is a plentiful supply of vege
tables and nut foods in the storehouse, prepared in nu
merous attractive ways.
Among the State leaders who will be present are the
following elders, several of whom have already arrived:
E. E. Parlin of San Francisco, G. A. Snyder of Los
Angeles, M. C. Wiloox of Oakland, editor of the denomi
nation's paper, Signs of the Times; S. Thurston of Los
Angeles. ML C. McClure of Healdsburg, R. S. Owen, presi
dent of the Healdsburg College; J. W. Bagby of Oakland,
J. A. Brunson of Lincoln, Nebr.; I. A. Evans of Philadel
phia, president of 'he Foreign Missions Hoard, and J. N
Loughborough ofß atle Creek, Mich. Elder Knox is ac
companied by his wife and family.
It is expected L2OO Adventists will attend the sessions,
and many able discourses on the faith of the Adventists
will be delivered. The sect approves of music of all proper
kinds, and organs and various other instruments are ar
riving at the camp. The California conference repre
sents an active, vigorous religio.us body of 4500 people.
RABBI TALKS IN
GENTILE CHURCH
Preaches to Christians
at Stockton.
OCCUPIES DR. SINK'S PULPIT
"SIDELIGHTS FROM JEWISH HIS
TORY" HIS THEME.
Exchange of Courtesies by the Heads
of the Two Churches Pleasing
to the Congregations of
Both.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, May 28.— Rabbi Farber of
the Jewish synagague occpuied the pulpit
of the First Congregational Church this
evening. His presence drew a represent
ative audience of Hebrew and Christian
people. Hew Dr. Sink, the pastor of
the church, spoke in the synagogue on
Friday evening, and the rabbi this even
ing reciprocated the courtesy.
In introducing the Jewish divine Rev.
Dr. Sink said he counted his frinedship
with the rabbi very highly, and while
they both held tenaciously to their ten
ets they found companionship and profit
in the social relation. The pastor said
he did not see why differences of the
head should affect the relations of the
heart. In the synagogues of old the
teachers of all shades of opinion were
given an opportunity to be heard, and he
was sure the rabbi's, remarks would
work to the edification of all. Jt was with
pleasure that he introduced his friend.
Rabbi Farber said he did not feel that
he w r as working an innovation. Neither
he nor Dr. Sink were seeking to interfere
with one another's work. Churches were
erected to the worship of God and not to
creeds. Jf a man 'entered the sacred pre
cincts with a heart for worship the
thonght of the Great I Am would so
humble him that he would not riuibhle
over smaller differences. Where the mind
contemplated the Infinite Creator there
could be no time for construction of dog
mas. These remarks he made with a view
that all should understand the broad
plane upon which he and his Christian
brother Btood He was Kind of the spirit
and age which made such a fellowship
possible.
The rabbi then delivered an eloquent ad
dress upon "Side Lights From Jewish
History. ' He showed how in many re
spects the ideas of Judaism and Chris
tianity blended. He explained the hopes
of the Jews, their characteristics, nation
al and social, bringing out many points
unfamiliar to any but careful readers Of
history. The address was well received.
Jt was scholarly and in a spirit calculat
ed to win the good will of all.
NORTH ATLANTIC SQUADRON.
Admiral Sampson Has a Nice Sum-
mer Programme.
NEW YORK, May 28.— The ships of the
North Atlantic squadron, the cruiser New
York and battleships Texas, Indiana and
Massachusetts, Admiral Sampson com
manding, sailed at 7 o'clock to-rilght for
Newport, R. 1. The squadron is expect
ed to reach Newport some time to-mor
row, and on Tuesday will take part in
the inauguration ceremonies- of the Gov
ernor of Rhode Jsland. The squadron will
use Newport as the base of the summer
evolutions, and will engage in practice
cruises, after which the Meet will visit the
cities on the New England coast, putting
into Boston harbor a short time before
Bunker Hill day.
The Plenary Council.
ROME, May 2K.— Mnnsignor C'aaoniva,
President of the Plenary Council of the
Latin-American States, was officially en
throned to-day by Cardinal Angelo di Pie
tro, prefect of the congregation of the
council, representing the Supreme Pontiff
Death of General West.
ATHOL, Mass.. May 2S.—Brigadier-Gen
eraljGeorge W. West died at his home
here to-day, aged 67 years. He was pro
moted a brigadier-general for bravery at
the battle of Antietam.
Sanger and Cecil Return.
NEW YORK. May 2R.— Among the pas
sengers who arrived to-day on the L,auen
berg from Matanzas were General Joseph
P. Sanger and Colonel George R. Cecil.
TRIAL OF ALFORD
TO BEGIN TO-DAY
Case Will Be Stub
bornly Fought.
ARRAY OF LEGAL TALENT
EX-SENATOR WHITE TO ASSIST
THE PROSECUTION.
Prisoner's Crime the Killing of At
torney Jay E. Hunter of Los
Angeles in Revenge for
a Blow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I.OS ANGELBS, May 28.— The trial of
William H. Alford, charged with the mur
der of Attorney Jay B. Hunter, will begin
to-morrow in the Superior Court, and
probably will be one of the memorable
cases heard in this county. The fact that
Hunter was a southern attorney of abil
ity, prominent in social and business af
fairs and the owner of several mines at
Randsburg has added more than passing
interest to the case.
Alford is a young mechanic, who had
prospered by dint of perseverance and
had borne a good reputation. This was
evidenced when a friend advanced Jlu.'wO
in Government bonds to procure his re
lease on bail.
The killing occurred last February in
the office of Hunter, in the Stimson
block. It was the outgrowth of animos
ity of long standing, arising from business
matters. Hunter was indebted to Alford
under a judgment which Hunter persist
ently refused to pay. When Alford went
to collect the judgment Hunter knocked
him down. Alford then shot and killed the
attorney.
The defense will not deny the killing.
Hunter made a dying statement accus
ing Alford of having murdered him
Around this the legal battle will center
The point that Hunter knocked Alford
down with a cane whose silver head
weighed three pounds will form the back
i of the defense.
Over one hundred witnesses have been
summoned. General Johnstone Jones will
appear for the State, assisted by ex-Sen
ator White, Charles Wellborn and Win
der, Creighton & Davis. Alford will be
defended by Karl Rogers, Hon. Will \
Harris, Frank Flint and Paul Burks For
political reasons a great many hiwyers
hnve scrambled to assist in the defense
STUDENTS' CONFERENCE
COMES TO A CLOSE
Much Good Accomplished During the
Ten Days' Session at Pacific
Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, May S2.— The fourth
annual session of the Pacific Coast Stu
dents' Conference closed here to-night af
ter ten days of effective work.
After devotional exercises this morning
H. H. Sherman delivered the last of his
lectures on Bible study. H. W. Rose, in
tematlonal college secretary of the Young
Men's Christian Association, spoke upon
"Spiritual Awakening" in its relation to
the performance of Christian work among
fellow-students in an institution of learn
ing.
Rev. E. S. Chapman of Oakland deliv
ered the last of a series of three lectures
on "The Tabernacle" this afternoon. The
final life work conference of the
convention was held this evening and
Immediately afterward there was an open
session. Addresses were delivered by v.
W. Rose of Chicago. J. A. Dommeit of
Portland, Or., and others. A subscription
Cot currying on Young Men's Christian
Association work among college men was
taken up and a good &urn realized. Most
of the delegates will leave here to-mor
row.
Monster Shipment of Oro
AUSTIN, Tex., May 2S.— The Southern
Pacific Company Is now handling the big
gest consignment of copper -bullion in the
history of the road. The total weight of
Ihe bullion is 4000 tons, and it is being
shipped from the mines of the 8010 Cop
per Company of Santa Rosalia, State of
Sonora, Mex., in bond to New Orleans,
wherf it is shipped by steamer to Europe!
The shipment fills 200 cars, and they are
being moved across the continent in sec
tion?
PERTH CAPTURES
THE GRAND PRIX
French Derby Decided
at Long Champs.
VELASQUEZ RUNS SECOND
HOLOCAUSTE MAKES A POOB
SHOWING.
His Rpce Disgusts Jockey Tod Sloau,
Who Had Desired to Ride
Him in the English
Derby.
Sppcinl Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, May 28.— 1n the race for the
Grand Prix of the French Jockey Club
to-day at Long Champs, Perth won, with
Vetatsqvez second and Holoeauste third.
LONDON, May 2:'.— The failure of Holo
causte to secure a ;>laee bettor than third
in the French derby yesterday sent up
Flying Fox stock in London this evening.
Tod Sloan, the Ainertc&n Jockey, who
some time ago hoped to secure Holocauste
as his mount for the English derby, said
this evening to the correspondent of the
Associated Press:
"I am much disappointed at the tauure
of Hnloeauste to secure a better place.
The Paris performances convinced me
that Flying Fox now has a million
chances to one of success next Wednes
day. 1 have felt for a long time that if I
could not secure a chance to win the Der
by this year I would prefer standing on
the ground to watch the race. Therefore
I have refused to ride My Boy, the own
ers of which have pressed me to make an
effort.
"I am now negotiating for a mount,
which is not yet decided, but which I
shall announce to-morrow or Tuesday,
and which, if successful, will be a com
plete surprise. I should have to he conn
dent of winning a place or I would not
think of making the trial.
"The fact that I have had a series of
losses recently in no wise affects my npir
its. All this is the fortune of the turf. I
do not know of any race I ha% r e lost that
I can look back on now and think I could
have won. My mounts, perhaps, have
been just as good as they were last year,
nor has there been any particular mishap
in the races that would lead me to think
that they were lost for any reason except
that my opponents had better v horses. In
the race for the Manchester •■cup, the
track conditions were -undoubtedly favor
able to Asierie, but she is in anything but
the best form.
"All talk about my being discouraged
or dissatisfied or disposed to return to
America is untrue, as are the alleged re
ports of my talk with the Prince of
Wales, which have only been printed in
the hope thut they would injure me by
being reproduced in the English papers.
"When I was disqualified at Epsom. I
knew I could not control the horae and
this rendered the result imperative. Lord
Durham told me he had not heard a clear
er or more explicit account of the race
than I gave him. Neither I nor my
American backers have ever complained
of the decision. In fact, I am quite as
well satisfied with events here as ever,
and I am confident that the end of the
season will show a good average for me."
PITCHING OF HUGHES
WINS FOR BROOKLYN
Superbas Increase Their Lead Over
the Men From West of the
Mississippi.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ; Clubs— W. t,. Pet. i
Brooklyn 2f> 11 .6!<2 Cincinnati ..17 16 .515 '
St. Ix>uis 23 12 .657 New York. ..14 20 .412!
Boston S2 12 .647 Pittsburg ...12 20 .375
Philadelphia 20 13 .606 Ixmisville ...12 22 .353,
Chicago 21 15 .583 Washington .12 24 .333 j
Baltimore ...19 16 .343 Cleveland ... 7 23 .233 ■
ST. LOUIS, May 2S.— St. Louis was unable to
do anything with Hughes to-day and Brooklyn
wun after an exciting contest. Powell was hit
often, but he kept them well scattered. At
tendance, 16,500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E
Ft. Louis 13 2
Brooklyn 3 12 1
Batteries— Powell and Criger; hughes and
Farrell. Umpires — O'Day and McGarr.
CHICAGO, May 25.— After two out? in the
ninth the Senators developed a batting streak,
j pounding Phyle for four singles and a double,
! winning their third game in the series of four.
i Carelessness on the bases cost the locals at
| least one run in the sixth, the only inning in
i which they were able to hit Weyhing effective
■ ly. Attendance, 7200. Score:
1 Clubs— R. H. E.
I Chicago 3 8 0
Washington 4 14 4
Batteries — Phyle and Chance; Weyhing, Baker
. and McGuire. Umpires— Swartwood and War-
m er.
CINCINNATI, May 2S.— Keister's errors gave
the Reds eight runs to-day. With a good lead.
Swing's great pitching staff threw the game
away. Holmes' hitting was the only feature of
a poorly played game. Attendance, 6700. Score:
! Clubs— R. H. E.
i'ir.<-innatl ? 9 ?
Baltimore 1j 15 5
Batteries— Dammann. Hawley, Taylor and
\V 1: McGinety and Robinson. Umpires-
Hunt and Connolly.
LOUTSYILLE, May 28.— The Giants made it
three out of four to-day. Philippi. who was so
! successful against the New Yorkers last Thurs
| day. had one bad inning, when the visitors
i laced out three triples, securing a lead which
1 the Colonels could not overcome. Attendance,
I 45D0. Score:
Clubs— R- H- E.
Tyouisvllle 3 7 4
New York 4 S 1
Batteries— Philippi ami Kittredge: Doheny
I and Grady. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
ISELIN WILL MANAGE
THE CUP-DEFENDER
Yachtsmen Who Scored Two Victories
Over English Craft Essay
a Third.
NEW YORK, May 2.5.— The Herald is
able to announce that C. Oliver Lselin is
the managing owner of the new cup yacht
Columbia. He is interested to the extent
of at least $20,000 in the building of the
boat. Mr. Iselin has given much thought
and time to the construction of the new
craft in addition to his financial interest,
and from the launching of the yacht f.ill
be In dally communication with her de-
Btjjner, skipper and crew. When she has
been placed In commission he VtW tak- 1
i charge of her preparation for trial with
! the Defender, and in this important busi
ness he has no superior in this country.
Then, if the Columbia is successful in
her trial the still greater responsibility
of bringing her to the line in perfect con
dition to meet the Shamrock will rest
upon him. In the case of the Vigilant and
> the Defender he was successful, and bet
• ter informed yachtsmen are sure that the
same good luck in the coming interna
tional match will await him and his as
sociates.
Prieefight at Auburn.
AUBURN. May 28.— A prize fight last
night between Chris Pierson. a local man,
and "Billy" Lewis of Sacramento, re
sulted in an easy victory for Lewis in
nine rounds. Although Pierson was the
heavier. Lewis had him whipped at all
.times after the second round. Sacramen
to sports were on hand and won consid
erable money. The Sheriff started to stop
ihe fight in the seventh round, but finally
! let it go on. Pierson was badly punished.
OBJECTS TO THE DECISION.
Angels Camp Sport Draws a Re
volver at a Prize Fight.
ANGELS CAMP, May 28.— A fifteen
round po between "Bob" Green of Denver
and "Billy" Edwards of. Astoria last
night ended abruptly in the second round.
Edwards made a hard light, and Green
was cautious and did some good work.
In the second round Edwards was fol
lowing the black man up and struck him
a blow in the groin with his knee. GreenW
went to his corner disabled and was"!
awarded the fight on a foul. Ed Prince
jumped into the ring and drawing a re
volver took exception to the decision. He
was seized by officers and after a brief
but hot fight was disarmed. A .general
stampede took place when the revolver
came in sight, but no one was seriously
hurt.
French Cyclist Wins.
PARIS. May 28.— The international 100
kilometer bicycle race here to-day was
won by .M. Bourette In 2 hours 'and 17
minutes. The winner was seven laps
ahead of C. W. Miller, the Chicago cy
clist, who tonk second place.
Victory for Bonnie Scotland
SAN JOSPJ. May 28.— 1n the coursing
hero to-day Bonni.- Scotland, owned by
S. E. Portal of San Jose, won; I.
Gowrie second. Ol the forty-eight
entered forty-one wen owned in San
Francisco.
GETS COUNTY PRINTING
The Mother Lode Resumes Publica
tion in Tuolumne.
JAMESTOWN, May 28.-A deadlock has
existed for < months betwe< n the
i! " ; "' (1 "'' Si] . .■-. ■ - nd j , lTy
newspapers ovei paid f ,-, r
Printing the I .. | Jsl and the
proceedings of th< board. Each publisher
was tendered and n . tax list at
the rat'-s eatablishei i | , board. To
day the deadloi k was hi • l( re ap
pearance ol the . Mother Liode
D( wspa] er undei I ,■ v
S. Richardson. I; . . -,.,, co ]
umns of legal ad nts and pui>- '
lishes the announce m " lne
contract to do all tl . f Tuol
umne County up to J lary i. 1901 Th<"
Mother t.ode will at once be moved to 9o
nora, where for the pres< | v will t>e i»
sued as a weekly.
Coal Barges Stranded.
CAPE HENRY, Va May 28.— The tns;
James Smith Jr.. which left Newport
News yesterday fof New fork with the
coal-laden barges Belle of ' >regon and
Caravan, was towed into port to-day bj
the tug Maud with machinery deranged.
Both barges w< re lefi stranded in the
middle ground off Cape Eienry, but later
the Belle of Oregon whs towed to a s^fe
anchompp by the pilot steamer Pilot.
The Caravan sank this morning and her
(it w was taken to port by the Pilot!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Think of Ease" "
I But Work on."
If your blood is impure you
may * 'work on but you
I cannot even think of ease. "
The blood is the greatest sus-
i tamer of the body and when \
you make it pure by taking
Hood' s Sarsaparilla you have
the perfect health in which
even work becomes ease.
Hacking Cough — "/mis troubled
<with dry hacking cough. One bottle of
Hood's Sarsaparilla helped me and three
I bottles cured me and made me strong."
j George W. Bennum, Coolspring, 'Del.
l Dyspepsia— "cA complication of
troubles, dyspepsia, chronic catarrh and
i inflammation of the stomach, rheumatism,
; "Ac, made me miserable. Had no appetite
until I took Hood's Sarsaparilla — which
1 acted like, magic. lam thoroughly cured."
N. B. Seeley, 1874 W. 14th Aye., Denver.
! . _
Hood's Fills cure liver ills; the non-irritating
and only cathartic to take with Hood ' 6 Barsaparill*.
- _ nn TVTT7VI7DO
jfiilr^ fcW \| SPECIALISTS
S§o I FOR MEN.
?«5Mf >»s£%^i /?*V Estafilished IS Years.
Wf 3®£f|&> PAY WHEN CURED.
v-wtf £ \ I char se for consul-
IB?/ 1^ mmi T\ tat;,!: Home cures
xmWh -rtmSßßß^k a specialty. Private
r^MßßgyWip' ' book, diagnosis sheet
Axvltklt^ ' I'nP and advice free by
'm^mm 73l' Market St.,' S. V
* visit DR. JORDAN'S gfeat^
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
§ Gjb ICSI ST-tet. €±i7th. S.?.Cal. i
T Of The Lj'R«t Anatomical Museum in tf-.e
i ' World. Weafcnesies vr my contracted i
V SjgiaA di>ea>e po%iii»fl.*c-urcJl'yilieoMeit W
• fSSI Specialist on the Coin. Est.36year' 9
A n&ft*K OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES^
\-V((la^9i Consultation free and strirtly private. V
StfflFl 0R - JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES f
FfUll Cnn>.ulinrion tree and strictly prii-atc \
Atnf lliw Writeforßook.rHll-OJiOl'llirof A
'II I M»nn»i;i:, mailed FREE. (\f
f I>B. JORD.4S *CO. 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
r^^ THE NEW
istc.v. &a^-*i<zx ' -Lit* $?) the II f* a
ltrt?r ioth m y . ~*~ -'*?^ % rnbiiUnii
PRODITK&THBABOTe" WQ, Day. RciliEDYll .
JUBOLTB. Itqai ■..* surely removes Nervousness. U
Rightly EmUsions, Evil Dreams Wutins D:»«ls« » n d all effect* M
of telf-abuse or *3te«M and indi.ic7»tion. Hwtores Lot Vitality
Power and railing Memory. Wards iff In»anity »nd Connnmn'
tion. Ciwe» when all ether* fail. Insist on havinß VITALIS
no oilier. Can be carried in the Test pocket. By mail *1.00
per package or »ix for «5.00 with a gQ&r»ntee to Cure or
Krfiiml the Money. Ciroular Free. Adrtrem •
OAI.IMKT CUKE CO.. BX4 Ilcnrborn St., Chlcas*
| Sold by Owl Drug; Co., Baldwin Pharmacy.
i w. J. Bryan (two stores), Crant Drug Co., In
] Oakland by, Owl Drug Co.
RUPTURE.
W&sC£7'f'^S9 U S X NO MORE IRON
P&)Kmf&&*t<foßr Hoops or Steel Springs.
•-^■JHBHIKrSS^ Rupture retained with ease
■-»^JBv<. and comfort, and thousands radl-
B /Mi l ' ally CURED by. DR. PIERCB'S
» /JB Magnetic Elastic Truss. ICTCaII at
>^^y office or write fcr New Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel. 1 San Francisco
MPRUITfI lost vigor,
FVjtri V I I A LO st vigor.
J^3fSt\ — -"STAND MANHOOD
fSSX™ V Cures linpottncv Nigh' Emissions and wasting
Mh96 diseases, all effects of sclf-jbusc, cr excess and
.^V . JTI indiscretion. A nerre'tomc and blood-builder.
I L^ jm> Brings the pink glow to rale cheeks and r*»
m-tk'Su.J stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
RA^-H^ box; € boxes for $2.50; with a written.
: SllKV^aT \ieuarante* to cure or refund the money.
Hmita medical Co., CHnton :< Jackson $»., Cbicagj.
E. L. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists, 8 Market. S. P.
Radwa/s
Pills '
- Purely vegetable.' mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
! healthful regularity. >-'■■■'■'■ •.-s»; : -*t- : -"-:* "-
•■- For the cure or all disorder* of the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness,' Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of ■ th»
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists,
or by mail. RAD WAY & CO.. New York,NINE KILLED
IN A WRECK
ON THE RAIL
More Than a Score of Passen-
gers Also Receive Injur
ies in the Disaster.
DIETOACLOI'DBI'RST
One Man Dies After Having an Arm
Sawed Off, While Another Vic
tim Was Going to His Wedding.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WATERLOO, lowa, May 28.— The
/ trough train from Chicago- to Minne- \
polls over the Rock Island and
Burlington, Cedar Rapids and Northern
railways was wrecked at 1:15 o'clock
this morning at the . crossing of Sink j
Creek, about four miles southeast of
this place. The train consisted of five
coaches, including mail and baggage
cars, smoking car, two passenger
coaches and a sleeper. Nine persons ,
were killed and twenty-three injured.
The list of dead is as follows:
T. ARNOLD, lumberman, Minne- j
apolis.
w. a. Mclaughlin, Muskegon, I
Mich.
R. H. SCHWETTE, Alton, 111.
DAVID HALLO, Minneapolis.
F. S. CARPENTER, St. Louis.
— HAWKINS, Pullman conductor.
GEORGE WAINWRIGHT, train I
conductor.
WILL SCHOLLIAN; Waterloo.
One unknown person.
Among those injured were: S. E.
Bentley, Waterloo, Iowa; Reuben
Odell, Waterloo, Iowa; Herman Klein
Denet, Waterloo, Iowa; S. H. Bassor, j
Waterloo, Iowa; Miss Anna H. Njoss,
Norway, emigrant, right leg badly
bruised; Miss Ostranda Noredy, Nor
wegian, hand and face badly bruised;
Ornon Noredy, Norwegian, serious in
jury to chest; John E. Johnson, Nor
g wegian; serious injury to head and •
r face. The foregoing were all going to !
North Dakota. Jeremiah Murphy of
Ireland, going to Butte, Mont., head in
jured, serious; Mrs. N. E. Myers, Pren
tiss, Wis., head injured, not serious; C.
W. Matthews, Cedar Rapids, lowa,
brakeman, bruised, not serious; J. L. ;
Neel, Minneapolis, knee fractured; R.
L. Colvin, St. Louis, Pullman porter,
slightly injured; Will Schollian of
Waterloo, arm crushed and ampu
tated, will live; B. W. Currington, Chi
cago; W. Burke, Cedar Falls. Iowa;
Curran Neil, Minneapolis; D. .W. Flem
ing, Albert Lea, Minn.; Mrs. Morgan- I
stein, St. Paul; Ala Barba, Tower,
Minn.; George Petrociz, Tower, Minn.;
Arund Aslaksen, Norway, lowa.
A cloudburst had washed the sand
and gra\ - el [bed, leaving the track
unsupported for a stretch of twenty
feet. The rails and ties held together
and there was nothing to indicate the
insecurity i-i the road. The engine
struck the washout and was derailed
in the ditch beside the track and be
hind It the cars were piled in a con- j
fused heap. The mail car toppled over
and was telescoped by the baggage be- '
hind, while the rear end of the baggage
car in turn telescoped the smoker.
The roof of the sleeper plowed its way
through the day coach, while the lower
half of the latter crushed thrc-ugh the
sleeper.
The engineer and fireman jumped
from the train and escaped with slight
4 injuries. Mr. Schwette of Alton, 111.,
" was brought to this city alive, but died
at 8 o'clock. He was badly cut about
the head, and it was evident from the
beginning that his injuries were fatal.
He was on his way to Minneapolis, i
where he was to be married to-day.
He asked his physician to telegraph his
father and his sweetheart. "Tell her,"
he gasped, "that I- have been detained
by a wreck and cannot keep the ap- j
pointment on time. Don't say any
more."
The news was brought to this city
by a mail clerk, the fire whistle was
blown, a switch engine and coach
hastily prepared and a relief train sent
very speedily. The injured passengers
were extricated from the debris and
brought here. Another relief train soon
arrived from Cedar Rapids and lock a !
number of the seriously injured to be
treated in the hospital in that city.
F. J. Day of Allison, lowa, a pas
senger, said: "The train was running
along at a good speed, and at a point
about three or four miles from Water
loo it left the track. The engine and j
baggage car were thrown about ten i
feet. The engineer evidently .had his !
engine under excellent control; as I
never saw such s a sudden stop. The
smoker, where I sat, telescoped the
baggage "car, and I found myself with
the brakeman on the roof of the day
coach."
Will Schollian of Waterloo, who
travels for a St. Louis tobacco house
and makes his headquarters in this j
city, suffered more severely than any i
other of the Waterloo passengers'. He j
was found in the second passenger j
coach, to which he had gone after leav- j
king the smoker, his arm crushed be- i
tween the front end of the sleeper and !
the side of the car holding him fast In
the wreck. He did not lose conscious
ness, but begged that his arm be sawed
off, so as to set him free. When it was
found that there was no possibilty of |
saving the arm, this was done, the am- i
putation being effected by a common j
hand saw. Mr.- Schollian displayed the
utmost fortitude, and after he was re
leased walked to the adjoining farm
house of Mrs. Caroline' Mericle, where
he subsequently died.
Mr. Day, in speaking of the cause of
the accident, said: "There must have
been a waterspout, for a powerful
stream of water washed the dirt out
from under the track for a distance, I
should think, of half a mile. With the
foundation gone there was nothing to
hold up the rails, and as the weight of
the train struck the weak spot, down
and over we went."
BOSTON VETERANS TO
SNUB "FIGHTING JOE"
BOSTON. May 28.— At the close of the
memorial services at the Howard-street
Baptist Church this morning, at which
i ■j.h Hooker Command No. 'j. Union
Volunteer Vnion, was present. Colonel
John Dammera, a member of a Chelsea
crand Army post, severely criticised the
w< axing "f a Confederate badge by Presi
dent McKinley and the action of the B.
W. Kinsley Post. G. A. R-. In asking Gen
eral Wheel, r to deliver a Memorial day
address. Colonel Dammer's remarks were
V ceived with tremendous applause.
r- Colonel Hallet, colonel of the command.
ift<r the meeting that while Colonel
liammer might have been a little radical.
he undoubtedly represented the views of
most of the members and that few of the
latter would be present at the Boston
Theater on Tuesday when General Joseph
Wheeler would speak.
FATHER YORKE
RECEIVED BY
HIS HOLINESS
Incidents of the Audience
Granted the Popular Priest
of San Francisco.
POPE ON JOURNALISM
V
Greatly Interested in the Work in
Behalf of the Catholic Churoh
in America.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 28.— Private ad
vices from Rome state that on May 4
the Pope granted a special and private
audience to Father Yorke of San Fran
cisco. When the Pope received him in
his private room, and, after welcoming
him, took his hand in a fond clasp and
held it so during the entire audience,
he was consoling and rewarding Catho
lic journalism in the United States. "'ln
decorating you I decorate the whole
order," said President Carnot, as he
pinned a medal on the breast of a nurs
ing sister, and in so exceptionally hon
oring Father Yorke the Pope honored
all Catholic journalists of the United
States.
"What can I do for you?" said the
Pope, fondling the hand of Father
Yorke.
"Bless me, Holy Father; bless my •
my .mother, my family and
'friends. "
"Then you are a journalist?"
"Yes, Holy Father, I did what I could
for the defense of the church and the
rights of the sovereign pontiff."
The Pope put inquiries which showed
his close and warm appreciation of the
work of Father Yorke on the Pacific
coast, and elicited the answer: "Yes,
1 spoke to an audience of fifty thou
sand." The Pope threw up his hands,
having loosened hold of the priest's
hand for the first and only time during
the audience.
"You must wield an immense influ
ence," said the Pope, as he marveled
at the large audience of one Catholic
journalist. He proceeded to enlarge
upon the power of the Catholic press.
This done, he said to Father Yorke,
"Are there many Protestant newspa
pers in California?"
"No, Holy Father, the newspapers
are for the greater part merely secular
and neutral. There are only a few
Protestant papers, weekly ones. Dog
matic Protestantism is not strong in
California."
"How did the Catholics help your
work?"
"They helped with great devotion.
Holy Father, and 1 may take the op
portunity of saying that there are no
more loyal children of the see of Peter
than the Catholics of America."
"How are the Protestants disposed
toward the church?"
"Holy Father,, all love the Pope of
great encyclicals."
' When you reach home." -said Leo,
"bless your friends and helpers in my
name. Tell them that the Holy Father
is deeply interested in your work and
that he showed great interest in it
when he spoke to you and that he en
couraged you with all his heart. More
than that, tell them that he encouraged
you and with you all those who helped
you and forwarded your great work,
and that in giving' his paternal bless
ing to you he sent it also through you
to each and all of them. Tell them
this, all this. Be sure you tell them
this, that the Pope blessed you and
blessed them also."
Father Yorke then excused himself
and received the formal act of bless
ing. During the audience the Pope had
to sit motionless. He had displayed no
emotion in his body except at the men
tion of the audience of fifty thousand,
when, impressed with the immensity of
this influence for good, he gesticulated
with his hands and arms, throwing
them up in the air and wide apart.
His health seemed to have in no way
changed for the worse since his illness,
and he gave the impression of a non
agenenian with a length of life in
promise before him.
The advices state that Father Yorke
intends to make a visit to England, re
maining three weeks. He will then
spend three months in Ireland before
setting out for the United States.
There he will do about a fortnight's
I traveling before reaching San Francis
; co in October.
WARDNER STRIKE COSTS
MORE THAN A MILLION
The Miners Themselves and the Gov-
eminent Bear a Large Part of
the Expenses.
BOISE, Idaho, May 28.— to the pres
ent lime the cost of the Wardher riot has
reached the enormous total of $775,000, ajid
the expenses have just commenced. The
most Important item, of course, was the
value of the Bunker Hill plant, worth
$250,000, which the dynamiters destroyed.
Next to that comes the charge of $200,000
loss to the employes of railway and
smelter companies through the shutting
down of ore production of the Coeur
d'Alenes because of the riots. The miners
themselves,- deprived of work through the
shutting down, have lost altogether $175,-
MOO in wages otherwise earned. .
The expense borne by the general gov
ernment in bringing troops hither is es
timated by the military authorities at
$00,000. "The expenses borne thus far by
the State alone have reached over $30,000.
To defend the union miners under arrest
the Western Federation of Miners has
collected a fund of $10,000. and it Is un
derstood to be on the verge of raising
$00 000 more. Immense as are the expenses
already accrued, they will be added to
immensely by : the costs of the coming
trial and the maintenance of martial law,
at it will be impossible at best 1 to repair
the loss for anything like $1,000,000.
NEW YORK. Ma" 28.— Central Fed
erated Labor Union to-day received a re-
Div from the War Department to the in
(luirles it made as to whether the depart
ment was responsible for General Merri
am's action in the Coeur d'Alene mining
district The letter says In part: "Gen
eral Merrinm WHS ordered to Coeur
d'Alene on request of the Governor of the
Suite of Idaho to preserve peace and to
protect life and property.'., He had "no
other instructions except as above given
and these. -of course,' it . has been neces
sary to carry out." Denver Trades'
DENVER May -"—The Denver Trades 1
Assembly to-day .adopted ■ resolutions
Strongly condemning the action of the
State and Federal authorities in. relation
to the Wardner strikers and pledging
moral and financial • aid to the striking
miners.
Mrs. Ann Faull Dead
SAN JOSE, Kay 28.— Mrs. Ann Paull,
widow of the wealthy mi:-.er. Christopher
Faull, for the alleged embeialement of
the funds of who.se estate Samuel B. T< r
rill was arrested lately in A r< z° na . died
last night from fatty degeneration of the
heart
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 29, 1899.
FILIPINOS RETURN TO
THEIR OLD TRENCHES
Town of Jolo, Capital of t\)e Sulu fJrchipelago, Over Which tbe
American Flag Was Hoisted on the 21st Inst.
The Sulu Archipelago is the most southern of the whole Philippine group, form
ing the connecting chain between Mindinao and Borneo. It consists of
about 150 islands, with about 100,000 inhafe tants, who are Mohammedans,
and were ruled by a Sultanate until 1878, when they were annexed by Spain.
MANILA. May 28, 8 p. m.— The
approach of the wet season
finds the insurrection seeming
ly taking a new lease of life.
All along the American lines
the rebels are showing more aggressive
activity in their guerrilla style than at
any time before or since the fall of
Malolos. They keep the United States
troops in the trenches, sleeping in their
clothing, and constantly on the alert
against dashes on our outposts, and
then make life warm for the American
garrisons in the towns.
The bands of General Luna and Gen
eral Mascardo, which retreated toward
Tarlac when they feared they would be
caught between General McArthur and
General Lawton, have returned in force
to their old trenches around San Fer
nando, where there are daily collisions.
Opposite our lines on the south, pro
tecting Manila, all the way around to
San Pedro Macati, the Filipinos have
three rows of trenches most of the dis
tance.
Reports from prisoners indicate that
the insurgents construe the peace ne
gotiations to mean that the Americans
have enough of the fighting. The Fili
pinos are encouraged by the belief that
the Americans are preparing for an in
terval of inactivity during the wet sea
son. This period is sure to be followed
by much suffering. Thousands of
acres of land that were under cultiva
tion last year have not been plowed
this year, and the Government will
probably be obliged to feed thousands,
just as it fed the Cubans. Friendly
natives, amigos, continue to pour into
the American lines by land and river
routes, coming from the territory of
the insurrection into the country where
the passage of the two armies has left
no food, and practically throwing
themselves upon the charity of their
conquerors. Such able-bodied men as
are not in the Filipinos' ranks have
been kept by the insurgent leaders to
dig the trenches, and the old men,
women and children form the mass of
the refugees. These are doing some
plowing, but they will be confronted by
hunger before they can realize any
subsistence from their crops. The
United States army has organized a
system of distributing rice at Malolos
and some of the smaller towns where
Filipino stores were captured, but the
latter will soon be exhausted.
The United States transport Morgan
City, which arrived he.re from San
Francisco with 600 recruits for various
regiments, sailed to-day for Iloilo with
the troops.
As it was impossible to take to Spain
the remains of the Spanish General,
Montero, who was fatally wounded in
a recent engagement with the Filipinos
in the island of Mindanao, and who died
while being brought here from Zambo
anga. on the transport Leon XIII, It
was decided that the interment should
take place in Manila. The funeral took
place to-day, hundreds of Spanish sol
diers and civilians attending the ser
vices in the cathedral and following
the cortege to the grave with wreaths
and ilowers.
The Spanish papers declare that Mon
tero was a victim of the Spanish Gov
ernment's neglect.
FILIPINOS MUTILATE
THE AMERICAN DEAD
NEW YORK, May 28.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: In
formation received here in private let
ters from officers serving in the Philip
pines state that the Filipinos show no
respect to the American dead. In one
Instance an officer who was on the fir
ing line says he was shocked to see
three bodies of American soldiers, who
had been killed in an advance and
which were brought within the Amer
ican lines, badly mutilated. The ears
of each of the corpses had been re
SUNDAY WORK OF
THE PEACE DELEGATES
The Hope That a Permanent Arbitra
tion Board Will Be Established
Grows Brighter.
TUB HAGUE, May US.— The newly ap
pointed sub-committee of the third com
mittee of the peace conference, the arbi
tration,- will meet to-morrow. It will be
known as the drafting committee, indi
cating in ita name the scope of its func
tions. The delegates have worked un
ceasingly to-day, although the formal
labors of the conference were suspended.
An effort Is being made, and with a cer
tain degree of progress, to combine the
Russian and British proposals in such a
way that the report of the drafting com
mittee may secure the support of both
parties in the plenary committee. M. de
Staal and Sir Julian Pauncefote. chiefs of
the Russian and British delegations re
spectively, and other delegates had a long
conference to-day with this end in view,
and there Is no doubt that an agreement
in principle will be reached.
The hopes of the delegates that a per
manent arbitration board .will be estab
lished is rapidly Improving. The different
points' now relate to the composition of
the tribunal, how the representation of
the powers is to be arranged and the
limitations to be placed upon the juris
diction of the board.
LONDON, May 29.— The correspondent
of the Morning Post at The Hague says:
The discussion of the proposed modlfica
REPORTED DEATH
OF AGUINALDO
♦ J\A ANILA, May 28.—
♦ / \ Spanish. newspapers
♦ * 1 publish a report, which
+ is impossible of confirmation,
♦ to the effect that Aguinaldo
♦ is dead. The cause of death,
+ the papers say, is not exactly
£ known, but they declare he
either committed suicide or
was assassinated.
Filipino passengers who
have been brought here state
the agents of General Luna
are arresting all natives
who are suspected of sym
pathizing with the move
ment for peace. Among those
thus arrested are several mil
itary and civil officials, who
are kept closely guarded.
The wound General Luna re
ceived in the recent battle is
troubling him, and he intends
to relinquish the active com
mand of the troops in order to
recuperate.
Lawton has returned to the
city from San Fernando. Since
his withdrawal from that place
the natives, under command of
Mascardo, are reoccupying the
country in the vicinity of the
town.
moved, nos^s cut off and hearts torn
out. Such mutilations disproves
Aguinaldo's claim that the insurgents
are conducting a civilized warfare.
The American troops give the Filipino
dead a decent burial, and provide every
comfort and afford the best medical
treatment possible to the wounded.
The fact that the Filipinos are commit
ting such atrocities further removes
them, the officials believe, from consid
eration at the hands of foreign govern
ments, from which they have been
seeking recognition
GENERAL HALE PRAISES
THE VALOR OF TROOPS
WASHINGTON, May 28.— Tne War
Department has made public a report
from General Irving Hale, who com
manded the Second Brigade, Second
Division of the Eighth Army Corps at
Manila upon the stirring events be
tween the nights of February 4 and 9
there. This division was quartered in
the Vicinity of the water works and a
portion of it, the Nebraska Regiment,
fired the first shots that began the ac
tive fighting with the insurgents.
General Hale tells the story of the
operations of his command with great
precision and military minuteness. He
says he received his first information of
the outbreak along the front of the Ne
braska Regiment through the lucky
hearing by one of his operators of a
part of a telegram dispatch that was
passing over the wires . from Colonel
Stotzenberg to division headquarters.
His account of the beginning of the
difficulty with the insurgents agreed In
every respect with the stories of Colonel
Stotzenberg and General Mac Arthur,
and he adds that his own troops did not
begin firing until the . insurgent firing
had been going on for some time.
The first opportunity the United
States troops had to test the real
quality of the insurgents appears to
have been at the attacks at the block
tion of the Geneva convention provisions
regarding sick and wounded neutrals
constitutes a distinct success for the
American delegates. When it was first
broached, the Russians declined to take
any part in the discussion, on the ground
that the subject was not mentioned in
the circular of Count Muravieff. The
Americans urged that the Dutch invita
tion included all subjects bearing on the
circular, a view which the conference up
held. The Russians as yet have not aban
doned their position, and they will make
another effort to-morrow to have the
American proposals rejected on technical
grounds. Interesting developments are
expected.
WRECK OF THE JESSIE
TO BE INVESTIGATED
Government Will Learn Whether
Passengers and Crew Were Slain
by Indians.
PORT TOWNSEND, May 28.— The Gov
ernment will, it is said, investigate the
wreck of the steamer Jessie, which oc
curred last summer near the mouth of
the Kuskokwin River, Alaska, with a loss
of sixteen lives. One of the cutters form
ing the Boring Sea patrol, which leaves
for the north in a few days, has been or
dered to stop at the mouth of the Kus
kokwin and make inquiries. News of the
wreck of the Jessie was first published
last August. Later it was reported li.>r
passengers and crew had been murdered
by Indians after reaching shore. The
Swedish missionaries stationed at the
houses near Sampoloo Cemetery. Here,
says General Hale, the First Colorado
Regiment made a charge in fine style,
rushing and halting alternately in case
the enemy's fire became too strong.
When half way to the block houses the
insurgents broke from fhe east works
bushes and houses in surprising num
bers and ran for the hills, the Ameri
cans picking them off as they ran.
Thirty-five were gathered up in the im
mediate vicinity, twenty-four dead and
eleven wounded. This movement broke
the insurgent center and showed that
they could not stand a charge. There
fore, the tactics were repeated and
other charges were made by other regi
ments of the command with like gal
lantry and success, the Tennessee and
South Dakota troops being commended
among others.
General Hale speaks in one portion of
the report of finding the body of As
sistant Surgeon Young of the Utah
| Battery with a powder-stained bullet
l hole in his head, indicating that he had
been captured and killed after his cap
tore.
The successful campaign against
Mariquina, to protect the water works,
is set out in detail and an explanation
is afforded of what all the time ap
peared to have been a check experi
enced by the advancing American
forces. General Hale tells how his
troops had been excellently placed and
stopped the advance because of the ap
proach of darkness, this deciding them
to remain where they were until morn
ing. General Hale then says:
Lieutenant /A. P.Hayne. California Heavy
Artillery, who had voluntarily accom
panied Major Goodale as aide, expressing
I a desire to return to the city, was al
lowed tn do so and on his arrival went
tc the department commander with a
grossly exaggerated report of the situa
tion, on the strength of which the de
partment commander directed the with
drawal of the battalion. Captain Krayen
liuhl and Lieutenant Terry of the brigade
staff, with a platoon of Oregon troops as
escort, and carrying two canteens of
water per man. with a larger supply on a
cart, were therefore dispatched to the re-
I lief of the Twenty-third battalion. An
i orderly was sent to the water works to
i notify Colonel Stoten'oerger of the with
drawal of this covering forco on his left,
so that he could take other means for pro
tection. It was found that the report was
practically groundless; that tht^ position
was a strong one; that there was no fir
ing and no apparent danger, and that Ma
jor Goodale was reluctant to withdraw,
• specially at night. They therefore left
the platoon there and returned. Lieuten
ant Perry reporting tho facts to the de
partment commander, who authorized me
to leave the battalion where it was and
proceed according to my best judgment in
tho morning. This was about 8:30 a. m.,
February 7.
OTIS REPORTS RECENT
DOINGS IN PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, May 28.— The War
Department to-day made public the
following dispatch from General Otis,
commanding at Manila:
MANILA, May 28.— Two battalions,
Twenty-third Infantry, in quiet posses
sum of Jolo. Spanish troops withdrawn
from Zamboanga after battle with insur
gents; severe loss to latter. Spanish loss
nine killed, twenty-seven wounded. Among
whom Commanding General Montero died
from wounds; buried here yesterday. In
surgents used ritles, artillery and ammu
nition captured from gunboats, expending
major part of itmmunition. Conference
followed between General Rios. who went
from Manila to withdraw troops, and in
surgents. Latter stated to him would not
oppose landing Americana, but would ac
cept conditions in Luzon. Spanish troops
withdrawn, now here; depart for Spain
to-morrow.
Feeble attack by insurgents on inhabit
ants southeast portion Negros necessi
tates sending battalion troops from Man
ila there. "Will soon restore.
Insurgent falsehoods circulated in
southern islands of overwhelming insur
gent victories in Luzon keep up excite
ment in that section among the more ig
norant classes, although intelligent people
know American arms have never met re
verse, and they call for United States pro
tection.
Have turned over to navy for use on
coast southern islands number of pur
chased Spanish gunboats; excellent results
expected. ' OTIS.
I mouth of the Yokutat Bay have investi
gated the report, and according to ad
vices just received here believe there was
■ no foundation for it.
The Kuskokwin Indians have given a
straightforward account of the wreck of
the Jessie. The high sea prevented them
going in their canoes to the rescue of the
passengers. They secured a large amount
of wreckage from the barge which the
Jessie was towing. Other Indians who
trade along the coast knew of the wreck,
but none of them believed that any of
passengers reached shore, as the breakers
at the mouth of the river run very high
find there is a strong undertow.
CAPTAIN THOMAS MEIN ILL.
I San Francisco Mining Man an In-
valid at Victoria.
TACOMA, May 28.— Captain Thomas
MHn, a mining man of San Francisco,
lies critically ill with lung trouble in a
hospital at Victoria. He has been in
Alaska looking after his interests in the
Silver Bow Basin and inspecting the
works of the new stamp mill at the
Treadwell mine, of which he was the con
sulting engineer. A week ago he was
taken ill, and decided to return home. He
boarded the steamer City of Topeka,
which arrived yesterday, but became
worse on the trip down. He had a num
ber of hemorrhages and might have died
had his own physician not been with him.
He was critically ill when taken off the
steamer at Victoria. His lung trouble
was contracted while he was imprisoned
in South Africa for alleged uarticipation
in thu Jameson raid.
SUCCESSFUL
JUMP FROM
THE BRIDGE
Passengers on an Electric
Car View a Thrilling
Spectacle.
KIEIZ'S DARING FEAT
Demonstrates What a Man Can
Safely Do Without Injury by
Exercising Will Power.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 28.— Howard
Kretz, a young man about 22 years of
age, who says he is an art student of
the Academy of Design of this city,
made a startling and successful jump
from the Brooklyn Bridge just before
dusk this evening, and came out of the
river uninjured.
Just before 6 o'clcrck Kretz boarded a
trolley car bound for Brooklyn. It was
an open one and afforded all the ad
vantages which he was looking for.
When the trolley reached a point about
100 yards from the first arch, near the
highest point of the span, Kretz leaped
from the car, and like a flash vaulted
over the high railing. He took no time
to steady himself for a perpendicular
drop, and swung some distance from
the structure before he assumed an
upright position. The passengers
jumped from the car and peered
through the railing, while hundreds of
persons on the promenade tried to get
a glimpse of the figure. Kretz's body
flashed through the air almost in a per
pendicular streak. He struck the water
feet first, cleaving it like an arrow. He
disappeared for some seconds and then
shot up in view, only to disappear for
the second time. The waters had hardly
closed over him when he reappeared
and immediately struck out strongly
for the New York shore.
One of the deckhands on the steamer
Vulcan, which was coming down East
River at the same time, saw Kretz
flash through the air and disappear in
the water. The deckhand gave the
alarm and the Vulcan was headed for
the young man, who by this time was
swimming. A line was thrown to
Kretz and he was hauled aboard the
Vulcan, which immediately put for her
dock on the New York side.
When taken on the Vulcan Kretz
placed his hands on his abdomen as if
in pain, but when the boat reached her
dock Kretz sprang from the boat onto
the wharf. He was at once taken into
custody and hurried to the Hudson
street Hospital. Not the slightest in
jury was found on his person, but he
was suffering from shock. He was de
tained on the charge of attempting sui
cide.
Kretz is about five feet eight inches
tall and weighs about 140 pounds. He
lives in this city. He said he had been
reading a book on theosophy, and that
he wanted to demonstrate that a man,
by exercising his will power,' could do
anything he wished without injury to
himself.
PASSENGER TRAIN WRECKED
AND A PORTER KILLED
. OELWEIN, lowa. May 28.— The Chicago
Great Western passenger train that left
St. Paul Saturday night was wrecked two
miles north of here this morning. Richard
Manning of Minneapolis, the colored por
ter, was killed. Several men and women
on the train were more or less seriously
injured. The train was running over the
lowlands when the track began to settle,
and the train was derailed. _
Nearly all of the passengers in the
sleepers were undressed in their berths
when the wreck occurred. The rain was
coming down furiously, lightning was
flashing and thunder pealing. The porter
was crushed to death at the forward end
of the first sleeper.
E. W. Scribner of Boston, who occupied
a compartment in one of the Pullman
sleepers, said: ''I was waked by a loud
crash and a lurch. Then I felt the coach
I was in slide over to one side. I dressed
as fast as possible but was unable to
opcta the door of my stateroom, so I got
out of the window. Several men were res
cued in their night clothes."
The passengers were brought to Oel
weln and well cared for, most of them
taking the first train out. The entire train
and the locomotive are almost a total loss.
The train was an elegant one and the
damage to the railway company will be
heavy.
©-•-•-•-•-•-•-©-©-©-•-•-©-©-•-•-©-©-•-•-•-«
I A GRAND REMEDY FOR ALL WEAKNESS. 2
7 Is More Valuable Than a Dozen Doctors When I
• You Are Troubled With Pains or Weakness. j
c DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRFC BELT. I
1 THIS GRAND BELT HAS CURED FOUR THOUSAND PEOPLE IN j
a CALIFORNIA during the past five years. It cures Nervous and Vital Weak- m
ness Rheumatism. Lame Back and Kidney Troubles. It cures many of the *
worst forms of Nervous Debility after all else fails. I
■? IT WILL CURE YOU. I
• Stop drugging' if it does not help you. and the money that you would pay ©.
■I a doctor in one month will buy, this famous Belt. It is worth its weight in I
• gold, for it saturates the weakened body with new life, new vigor, new m
■ | manhood.;' • ' •. , ■ . . ''• . ;■- ■:'• |
© SEND FOR "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." m
' It is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will point T
• out a means by .which you can become strong. It Is sent, sealed, free to ©
I any address, or can be had on application at the office. - i
a, Don't put it off. Act to-day in a matter which concerns the happiness _
™ not only of yourself, but of your family and -friends, of your future.. You "I
I should not delay. Call or address
•*■ T^*» M A IW/>T niin>Ulin 702 Market St.. cop. Kearny. ]_
I Dr. M, A. McLaughlin, t&j&.r&.zi&.r* «
I . • Office Hours— Ba. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. 1 : , - 1
© NhVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. 1?
•^-©-© T^-©-©-^©-^-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©
ROLLS OF
THE CUBANS
INACCURATE
There Has Been Considerable
Stuffing in Order to Cheat
Uncle Sam.
SOME SUES OMITTED
Out of 111 Applicants Yesterday
for Money Only 30 Receive
a Share.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, May 28.— Thera were 11*
applications to-day for sharrs in the
$3,000,000 which the United States has
offered as a gratuity to the Cuban
troops. Thirty were given $75 each.
The others were not on the rolls, al
though they had guns which they were
ready to turn in, and certificates of
service.
The United States military authori
ties consider that the rolls are very un
reliable. Indeed, the opinion is freely
expressed that a large proportion of
the names are fictitious and that the
rolls omit a majority of the names uf
those rightly entitled to share in the
gratuity. The object of this, apparent
ly, is to discredit the proceedings and
to show the Cuban public that a large
number of the troops refused to take
American money.
Lieutenant Colonel George M. Ran
dall of the Eighth United States Infan
try, the commissioner superintending
the distribution here, went carefully
over the rolls of one battalion with its
commandant. He pointed out thirty
four names of men who are dead and
names "of others who had not been
heard of outside the rolls.
Of those paid to-day, twenty-five
turned in arms — Mausers, Remingtons
and carbines. The other five showed
receipts from the Alcalde vouching for
the delivery of their arms. The pay
ment will continue until noon to-mor
row in Havana city, but Colonel Ran
dall says it will be necessary to have
additional days after a While here and
extra pay rolls for men who have un
doubtedly seen service. He also be
! lieves that were thfc payment to be con
tinued for the next three months at
least 90 per cent of those entitled to
apply would do so. Most of those who
received shares to-day asserted that
they only heard by accident that the
distribution was now actually taking
place.
Colonel Randall will send to Senor
Perfecto La Coste, the Mayor, all the
arms turned in to-day. The first pay
ment outside of Havana will be made
on Tuesday at Santiago de Las Vegas,
whither Colonel Randall, the clerk« "id
thirty soldiers will go with the pay
master.
HALL FOR ODD FELLOWS.
Wheatland Lodges to Dedicate Theil
New Home.
MARYSVILLE, May 28.— 0n Wednes
day, June 14. the Odd Fellows of Wheat
land will dedicate their new hall, which
was built on the site of the building de
stroyed by fire a few months ago. The
laying of the corner-stone will be en
trusted to the Wheatland lodge of Free
and Accepted Masons, which organization
will hold its meetings in the hall.
The programme outlined by the commit
tee on arrangements for the day is as fol
lows: Dedication of hall by Sutter Lodge,
I. O. O. F. ; laving of corner-stone by Nic
olaus Lodge, F. and A. M.; baseball tour
nament, dancing, bluerock shooting, bicy
cle races, games and races for children,
coursing matches, tennis tournament. The
committee in charge consists of W. H.
Niemeyer, R. P. Stagner and E. J. Man-
A few days before the celebration the
first rabbit drive ever held in Northern
California will take place near Wheat
land.
Preaches to Graduates.
WOODLAND, May 28.— The Methodist
church was crowded this evening, union
services being held. The feature was th«
commencement sermon of Rev. J. A. Van
Anda to the graduating class of th«
Woodland High School. "Human Life"
was the theme and it was handled in an
able and instructive manner.
Hermann Sons Celebrate.
WOODLAND. May 28.— Tne annual cele
bration of the Sons of Hermann was at
tended by an immense crowd of people
to-day, notwithstanding the cloudy and
threatening weather. An excursion train
brought several hundred people from Sac
ramento.
34
MONDAY .....MAY 29, 1899
I JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .....Market and Third Sts-. S." F
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED. BT CAJtRIEnS, IK CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. f» cents.
Term* by Ml.!;, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.«M>
PAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months 1.50
PAILY CALL-^By Single Month «Bo
PUNOAT CALL One Year 1-30
WEEKLY CALL. One Year '.. LOO
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
.OAKLAND 0FF1CE.'...... 908 Broadway
JNEW YORK OFFICE.. Room 188. World Building
C. CEO. KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
', V 1 •-'C, C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE , Marquette Building
C GEORGE KROGNEBB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clocK 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open Until 10 o'clock- 2291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
*
■ AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Moth an 1 the Flame."
Grar.d -infra House — "The Princess Nicotine.**
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
 Alcazar— "Hamlet." i
Tivoll— "The Mascot."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and ■Ming.
Olympla-Cnrnor Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Ray.
?utro H.itiis Swimmtnsr Races, etc.
Ice Tohoßpran Grounds. Dolores and Twenty-Fifth streets.
Glen Part Mission Zoo, Balloon Ascension to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfleld— This day at 11 a. m. at 408 Van
Ness aye.. Furniture.
THIS IS CALIFORNIA'S YEAR.
THESE are tranquil times in trade. There is no
unt anywhere. All lines of business se< m
to be in Rood shape, and as there is no undue
speculation the commercial current is about as smooth
as it ever gets. From the East come the regular and
now stereotyped reports of larger bank clearings,
smaller failures, a booming in m market, increased
activity in wool, and- so on. These weekly reports oi
continued, prosperity are becoming monotonous, and
'trade reports of late are. simply repetitions, in phrase
. ofogy changed to give them an air of newness.
The extraordinary activity in iron and steel has be
come so old that the subject is threadbare, and re
peated advancer in quotations excite little comment.
The flurry in wool if of recent date and is. therefore,
more interesting. The sales at the three chief markets
for three weeks foot up nearly .^1.000.000 pounds and
are mainly due to speculators, as the manufacturers
are doing very little buying. They will probably have
to come to it. however, as the speculators are getting
the market into their own hands and are determined
that if tli. manufacturers buy they will have to pay
them their profit The cotton mills are d^in^r a good
business, even at the higher quotations, and are put
• ; out large quantities < Lumber continues
firm and activ Ing operations continue lively.
Bootr. and shoes hold the recent advances without
dimculty. and hides and leather are firm in sympathy.
But the ■ ■ as its drawbacks. The wholesale
distribution is slack at the moment, chiefly on account
of the cold and backward spring, which checks retail
trade. Then the winter wheat crop has been falling
ort seriously of late, and even conservative parties in
the trade now admit that the yield will fall 100.000.000
bushels under the estimates of a month ago. The Feb
ruary freeze began the work, which has been con
tinued by the Hessian fly and cold and unfavorable
•r<mi>ts predict a complete failure of the
winter sown grain. The export trade, too, has lately
shown a decided decrease, both in food supplies and
manufactured goods. In spite of these drawbacks,
however, the bank clearings of the country last week
were 58 per cent larger than for the same week in 1898,
and all of the more important cities showed a gain.
The failures were 142 against 245 last year.
It is gratifying to note that California is making as
good a showing as any other State, as the grain crop
is in fine condition as a rule.- and the fruit interests
are in high feather. Reverse conditions prevail in
Oregon and Washington, where the climatic condi
tions are the same as in the East, with the same re
sults. The Government section directors for both •
State- report a very cold and backward season, with
a poor outlook for grain and a serious deficiency in
almost all fruits. This is evidently California's year, j
When a single car of cherrie- and apricot- sold in
New York nets the California orchardists $4000 times
may be said to be good among the fruit-growers, and
this is the record of a single car last week. Advices
from New York report the demand for California
canned fruits as immense, with smaller supplies than
for ten years. an(J some California canners have al
ready sold all the fruit they can possibly pack, and
this before, the fruit 1- anywhere near ripe. Of course
there is a general skurrying about the State for sup
plies, and the high prices fur fruit quoted in this
column last week still rule, with no signs of a decline.
Enthusiasts predict that California fruit will sell high
for the next five years owing to the widespread de
-1 struction of trees throughout the East by the Feb
, ruary freeze, but this is a pretty sweeping prediction.
Other local staples are equally prosperous. Wool
has been remarkably active of late, hides and leather
have been in steady demand at firm prices, provisions
show no decrease in activity, cattle, sheep and hogs
continue to bring stiff quotations, and so on down the
commercial list. Unless all signs fail, a good many
farm mortgages will be paid off in California this year.
General Gomez intends to visit President Me Kin
ley. It is a safe wager that the Cuban general will
not discuss the Santiago campaign. He dare not tell
what he did not do. and it would be equally embar
rassing for him to tell what he did.
«
It is reported that Captain Watkins of the steam
ship Paris said that he could not understand how the
. accident to the ship happened. Perhaps the fact that
the vessel is on the Manacles Rocks may shed some
light on the subject.
The Filipinos want to make terms for an uncon
ditional surrender. When they understand the lan
guage better they may learn that "unconditional" is
a word that has no modifiers.
With $25,000 in hand as a nest egg to start with, the
Dewey Monument Committee would be justified in
beginning to count its chickens.
THE STREET RAILWAY STEAL.
THERE are three principal daily newspapers pub- j
lished in San Francisco. Upon a great many j
questions they arc '^dissevered, discordant, bel
ligerent." And yet on the Market Street Railway
steal, which the Board of Supervisors, elected by a
preponderance of votes in the entire municipality, is
| expected to ratify to-day, their denunciation is unani- j
i mous. What does this mean? ■ It means an over- i
whelming preponderance of public sentiment against
I the outrage, a preponderance of the men who own the
property and pay the taxes in San Francisco.
In 1851 and in succeeding years the Common Coun
: cil of this city was corrupt and was owned by rotten
i politicians. In 1856 the Board of Supervisors, estab
! lished by the Consolidation Act, was indescribably
: purchasable and low. But in 1899 all previous experi
j ence has hem transcended. The railroad Supervisors,
j one and all, belong to a pachydermatous breed. Their
skins arc so thick that if they were thrown into a den
of lioi ilazing furnace their moral sensibilities;
would remain torpid. They arc the nearest approach j
that has yet been discovered to absolute impervious- I
ness. They are encrusted with the railroad cuticle and j
are proud of the branded covering that encases them !
with degradation.
It has been demonstrated that no Supervisor can
vote for the tangled mass of franchises and privileges,
■ unintelligible except to the initiated, that seven Super
-1 visors have been ordered to turn over to the monopo
; ly. without confessed dishonesty. And this fact is in
I no way affected by the parade on Friday last before
■ the Street Committee of property owners who justly
desire increased railway facilities in the southeastern |
part of this metropolis. Some of these gentlemen be- j
long to the living statuary that Mr. Huntington occa- |
sionally uses to produce an impression of popular
sentiment that has no real existence. But their de
mands are nevertheless legitimate and in due time and |
in the right way ought to be met. It does not
follow that, while asking for the relief to which they
are entitled, they mean that, under the guise of pro- 1
moting a necessary public improvement, the residuary
interests of the municipality in its streets and in the
easements necessarily employed in transportation j
lid be gratuitously delivered to Mr. Huntington.
But, notwithstanding the fact, generally appreciated
and which has excited the community almost to fren- j
7y. that seven of the existing Supervisors constitute a \
Board of Registration for railroad decrees, the Mayor
and the five honest municipal representatives are not
helpless. Time is the essence of this nefarious business,
land law, which even railroad audacity cannot disregard,
. favors the public interest. It has been vituperatively
I declared by the blatant advocates of this monstrous
iniquity that the law prohibiting the granting of street
railway franchises or privileges within 90 days of a
general election has been repealed. This statement is
false. The act of February .24. 1893, which not only :
cover.- tin- point but also prevents the transfer of
those privileges and franchises for seventy days after
an election is an independent statute which does not
conflict with any other legislation and, therefore, is of
binding force.
It is of course the duty of the City and County At
torney to advise the Board of Supervisors of the ex
isting law. If he is consulted he will probably tell the'!
indurated seven, who unfortunately in one respect do
not represent the united seven of Wordsworth's poem,
that they cannot confer a railroad franchise or privi- '■
without the concurrence of the Mayor or without
nine vote- to override his veto. Section 68 of the
Consolidation Act enacts that every ordinance or reso
lution providing for "the granting of afjy privilege" or
involving "the- appropriation of public property," which
covers .ill the applications of the Market Street Railway
Company, "shall, before it takes effect, be presented"
to the Mayor for approval, and the act of March 30,
IS6B, compels nine Supervisors to unite before a veto
can be defeated. In the garbage crematory suit be
i fore Judge Morrow he heM provisionally that, under
the act of March 3, 1893, the signature of the Mayor to \
an order or resolution granting a franchise or privi- i
lege was not required. Under that law. clearly dis
tinguishable from the act of March 13, 1897, the
] Board, after advertisement, was compelled to make an
award to the highest bidder. But, in the first place,
the attention of that distinguished jurist most likely
| had not been directed to a decision of the Supreme!
Court of this State, mentioned in this article, that will
furnish a controlling rule for a Federal tribunal: in J
the second place, the act of iSqj applies to conditions 1
upon which exclusive franchises or privileges can be
granted, and not merely to the method of procedure;
and in the third place, the act of March 13, 1897, with
draws the compulsory requirements of the earlier kiw
and authorizes the rejection of all bids. Its language j
! on this subject, establishing a discretion in which the !
Mayor must be recognized, is very precise: "Pro- !
vided further, that the governing power may reject
any or all bids." And again, that "in the discretion of !
such Board or governing or other legislative body, all :
bids may be set aside and rejected." And section 2of \
j that act, in directing that, upon proper application, the
Attorney General shall institute proceedings to forfeit
unused franchises, includes the Mayor as a "governing
power."
Authority fully confirms the view The Call has sug
gested of the right of the Mayor to pass upon such
orders and resolutions as are before the Board of Su- j
pervisors to-day. In the case of the County of San j
Diego versus Siefert, published in 97 California Re- j
ports, page 599, the Supreme Court confirmed the
proposition of Judge Field, which had acquired the I
f"rce of an axiom, that, in respect to municipal gov- I
ernments. the mode of legislation was the measure of j
the power. In the case of Jacobs versus the Board of Su
pervisors, 100 California Reports, pages 125-128, it was
held that, in fixing water rates, the signature of the
Mayor was unnecessary. This decision has been wide
ly misinterpreted. It was based entirely upon the fact
that, as to this kind of quasi-judicial legislation the j
State Constitution conferred the authority exclusively |
upon the Board. The court said: "But the power in j
question here comes not from the Consolidation Act,
! but from the Constitution of the State," and the opin
j ion of Mr. Justice Harrison, in which he concurs with
the prevailing opinion, written by Mr. Justice Mc-
Farland, definitely indicates the distinction between
the case before the court and an order or resolution
"granting any privilege." And in a suit which seems j
to have escaped general attention, the Supreme Court
'defined and limited the water rate decision and held j
specifically that an order or a resolution granting a i
street railway franchise or privilege is subject to the
Mayor's veto. This was a suit brought by the plain
tiff, Eisenhuth. against Ackerson, the Street Superin
tendent, and is reported in volume 105 of the Califor
nia Reports, at pages 89-95. It quotes section 68 of •
the Consolidation Act. and, although it was decided in !
1893 without reference to the statute of that year, and j
four years before the act of 1897 was passed, it covers
the point exactly and has not been subsequently in
validated.
Unless, therefore, there is some other undisclosed i
law that avoids the ruling of the highest tribunal in !
California, the veto of the Mayor can defeat the pre- \
| determined rascality of to-day. But there are other '
I safeguards to be pointed out. The mere fact that the j
I new charter has been adopted by popular vote and j
THE SAX FRANCTSCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 29, 1899.
ratified by the Legislature and that, with its reduction j
of the duration of street railway franchises to twenty- j
j five, years and its augmented percentages and other
I stringent litnitations on street railway exactions, it will
take effect within seven months, demonstrates the in
famy of the Supervisors who propose to donate the j
property of the city to the monopoly, with no reserva
! tion of any percentage for five years. However, so far
i as we are advised, it is evident that in this corrupt pro
ceeding one of the clauses of the act of 1897, has been
studiously concealed. That statute declares that "no
percentage shall be paid. for the first five years suc
ceeding the date of the franchise." that is, as originally |
granted, but' it also enacts that the Board of Supervis- |
ors "may provide as a condition of such franchise that j
the payments of said percentage shall begin at any
time less than five years after the franchise is granted, !
if such franchise is a renewal, or substantially a re- j
newal, of a franchise already in existence." It thus 1
appears that, in respect to the Geary-street renewal,
the seven railroad agents in the board are designing
■ to give away the rights of the public both under the j
: old law and the new charter. Such treachery and vil
, lainy are almost inconceivable.
It has been denied that there is a string to the prof
's fered surrender of the' four years' residue of the exist
ing Geary-street franchise. But the Market Street
Railway Company only makes that tender on condi
tion that the new franchise be granted and section 2 of
the act of March 13. 1897, exacts as a condition pre
cedent to renewal that the existing franchise "shall
be first surrendered by the holders thereof."
It is clear, therefore, that Mayor Phelan and the
five decent members of the Board of Supervisors are
! not without weapons that may be used efficaciously for
j defense. There remains also the opportunity on
I which it is impossible here to amplify, for reconsider
ation of any action that the bare majority of the Board
may seek to perfect at one session. The Board of Su
| pervisor*. under its own rules, is governed by parlia
; mentary law. and the motion to reconsider, made after
the dissolute seven have registered their own degrada
tion by some gentleman who changes his vote for that
purpose, will either carry the scheme over to the next
' regular meeting or afford a fair opportunity to invali
date the fraud. The Clerk is bound to register the j
J motion and the Mayor to hold that no bulldozing ,
I tactics can dispose of it out of the regular order.
It is to be hoped that the delegations chosen by the
I impressive public meetings that have been held may
' convince the unspeakable seven that they are sur- j
rounded. by the magnetic influence of indignant con
stituents, who will not silently defer to their contuma
cious audacity but will assert the sovereignty and the |
) integrity of the American people.
THE DEWEY STATUE FUND.
DURING the present week, and probably begin
ning to-day, the task of gathering contributions
for the Dewey statue fund will go briskly for
>vard. The observance of Memorial day will, of course,
suspend the work for a time, but the patriotic mem
ories of the day so far from interfering with the move
ment will augment its force by reviving in the public
mind and heart those sentiments and feelings of loy
alty and love for the heroic brave, to which the pur
pose of erecting a monument in commemoration of
the victory at Manila directly appeals.
The committee in charge of the enterprise begins
the canvass for contributions with $25,000 subscribed
on the first day. That js one-fourth of the entire
amount at which the cost of .the monument is esti
mated. Such a sum subscribed at once is a virtual
guarantee oi the success of the movement. It is an
assurance to the public that the promoters of the en
terprise are in earnest and that they are willing to
give freely of their money as well as their time and
their energy to bring it to a speedy and triumphant
conclu
Several efforts which have been undertaken to raise
money in this city for monuments have- thus far failed
and remain hardly more than subjects of talk and dis
cussion. For that reason some persons have doubted
whether the present movement would be successful.
The splendid subscriptions of Friday prove all such
doubts to be unfounded. A man need not be a very
sanguine optimist or a very ardent patriot to have
faith now in the enterprise. The erection of the
monument is about as certain as anything in the future
can Vie. and every citizen can contribute to it in pro
portion to his means with full confidence that the
work of erecting the monument is not to be postponed
to some indefinite date in the dim future, but will be
under way before popular interest in the matter either
fades or flags.
It will be remembered that for years before any
thing was accomplished there was talk of constructing
a competing railway down the San Joaquin Valley.
Such a road was in every way desirable and promised
to be profitable, but for a long time no one could be
induced to undertake it. At last Mr. Claus Spreckels
came forward, assumed leadership and responsibility
in the enterprise, subscribed for a large amount of
stock, and at once the construction of the road was
assured. As a matter of fact, it was undertaken and
pushed forward with an energy and rapidity almost
unparalleled in the history of railway construction.
Something of a similar nature will be seen in the
work of raising what will be the most notable monu
mental work on the Pacific Coast and one of the state
liest in America. Men do not hesitate to support
great enterprises when well assured that something
will be achieved, and that assurance they have in the
present case. The list of contributions has been headed
by Claus Spreckels with $10,000. Mayor Phelan
promptly followed the lead with a contribution of
$5000, John W. Mackay contributed $5000 and "a
friend" added $5000 more, making the' total of $25,000
with which the committee begins its work.
Upon this showing of contributions already made
it will be seen that citizens are not to be asked to sub
scribe to a doubtful undertaking. It may be regarded
as certain that a monument to the great admiral whose
victory has marked the beginning of a new epoch in
American history will be erected in San Francisco
within the near future, and every citizen who feels
within him either national patriotism or civic pride
will be glad to be able to contribute to it.
According to one expert the coal fields of Great
! Britain will be exhausted within fifty years, and ac
cording to another the mouth of the Thames will be
choked up so that large vessels cannot get to the city.
It is therefore high time for British optimists to begin
j to talk about storing up sunlight for heating purposes
and making use of flying ships for commerce.
With the gold fields of Alaska panning out very
j well to the north of us and new gold fields paying well
to the south, San* Francisco ought to feel something
like a bonanza thrill in her business this year.
Bryan's statement that something may be added to
I the Chicago platform, but nothing can be taken from
it, is equivalent to saying it may be made worse but
I it cannot be improved.
Unless the Supervisors during the day cool off con
-1 siderably on the street railway franchise proposition,
j there is likely to be a hot time in the old town to-
I night.
RETRENCHMENT
WILL BE THE
REGENTS' POLICY
University Funds to
Be Saved.
AVERTING A BIG DEFICIT
SALARIES AND ASSISTANTS
WILL BE AFFECTED.
President Kellogg's Place Will Very
Probably Be Filled at the Meet
ing to Be Held on
June 13.
The committee on ways and means re
cently appointed by the Regents of the
State University to devise some} plan to
avert a threatened deficit, met yesterday
and agreed on a system of retrenchment
that will be equal to the occasion.
Under present expenses and a much
shortened Income, the Regents have fig
ured they will be behind just $48,000 when
the next fiscal year shall have passed.
There was no plain way out of the diffi
culty that the Regents could find, so it
was decided to place the matter In the
hands of the finance committee and a
special committee of three, and let those
six find- a remedy. The finance commit
tee is composed of Regents Hallidie, Rod
gers and Miller; the special committee of
Regents Denieke, Slack and Rowell. Mr.
Rpdgers and Mr. Miller were away and
the other four met at Colonel Denicke's
residence yesterday afternoon.
Since the appointment of the commit
1> a the heads of the various departments
of the university have been communicated
with; the condition of the institution has
been explained to them and the necessity
for retrenchment has been pointed out,
and they were all a&ked to submit to the
committee some idea of the amount they
could save and the way they could save
it. The reports submitted were the sub
jects of discussion at yesterday's confer
ence. ,
The report of the committee will not he
mad« public until the meeting of the Re
gents on June 13. There arc a good many
details that will have to be considered
and discussed, but the general plan is one
of such retrenchment as will keep the uni
versity running on what money it has
while not seriously interfering with the
efficiency of the institution. The plan of
retrenchment will necessarily reduce the
staff to some extent and also some of the
salaries, but there will be no radical
changes. It was reported at one time that
the deficit would be avoided by the exac
tlon of a fee from each of the students,
and there was a good deal of adverse
comment on the proposed inauguration of
such a policy; and there was another • re
port to the effect that money would be
raised by subscription, and that, too, was
condemned. It is probable that the com
mittee will not find tiny necessity for
making any departure so radical as the
Hrhcrne of fees.
The idea of allowing the presidency to
remain vacant until at least a year had
nassed and so save a clear ten thousand,
was nlso brought, to the attention of the
committee, it met little favor, however.
The committee was of the opinion that
the university could not lie properly con
ducted without an executive head. That
tin plan has heen abandoned is proved
by the fact that a President will very
probably be elected at the meeting on
Juno 13. The Regents are all ready to
vote on the candidates, and there Is a
general desire to have the place filled and
th«- matter settled. The identity of the
successful candidate, however, is still a
matter of speculation.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Alex S. Porter, U. S. A., is at the Occi
dental.
F. M. Chlttenden. the Fresno attorney,
is at the Grand.
C. H. Shiveley, the Oroville banker, is
stopping at the Grand.
W. A. Avery and R. Ross of Los Ange
les are at the Occidental.
George Myers and G. C. Freeman, an at
torney of Fresno, are at the Lick.
G. S. Grosvenor, a capitalist of New
Jersey, and wife are at the Palace.
R. A. Fitzgibbon and family are here
from New York. They are stopping at
the Palace.
J. J. Hoffman, a Chicago merchant, is
visiting this city with his family and have
taken apartments at the Palace.
Major W. Quinton of the Fourteenth
United States Infantry, arrived from the
East yesterday and is at the Occidental.
John Kelshaw, the well-known mer
chant of San Luis Obispo, arrived in this
city accompanied by his wife. They are
registered at the Grand.
J. M. Williams, stock raiser and
rancher, and Julius Cain, the merchant,
came up from Newmans yesterday and
are stopping at the Lick.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Penalties to the amount of $1,119,945
j were incurred during the year ending
March 31 last for delay in the fulfillment
i of contracts for the British navy, but
; were only enforced in two cases to the cx
i tent of $275.
The subscription collected by the Paris
' ian newspaper Matin footed up to $77,915,
' which sum the Minister of Marine has
promised to apply at once to the object
intended, that, of building two small sub
marine torpedo-boats.
An imposing German fleet left Kiel on
May 3 for a two months' cruise in the
Baltic and North Sea. It consisted of
four first class and two second class
battle-ships, one coast defense vessel and
two small cruisers aggregating 61,500 tons
and carrying a crew of 3700.
The French cruiser Cecllle, built In 1888,
has just been recommisloned at Toulon
where she was thoroughly repaired. The
Cecllle has done considerable service and
been a very satisfactory ship, and now
after eleven years made 19 knots on her
trial, which is exactly the speed she at
tained when prepared for her first com
mission. She is of 5933 tons and 10,200
horsepower, and carries a battery of eight
6.4-Inch quick-iirers; ten 5.5-inch; ten 2
pounders and fourteen machine ,guns.
The London Engineering directs atten
tion of the British naval authorities to
the superiority of American naval gun
nery as evidenced at target shooting and
the running fight off Santiago. It claims
that the American target 56 feet by 16*4
feet is larger than that used in the Brit
ish navy, but urges at the same time that
"Money can hardly be better spent on
any purpose connected with war which
would yield such fruit as that laid out in
perfecting our shooting."
The French naval appropriations have
increased during the past thirty years to
enormous proportions. In ISBB they
amounted to* $34,400,000 and diminished to
$23.«O0,00O in 1872. In 1890 the total was
$40,300,000, and for the present year It is
$60,400,000 or 50 per cent over that of nine
years ago. For new construction, in
cluded in the foregoing totals, $7,172,000
was allowed in 1890, and $18,538,000 for 1899.
The personnel, which in 1897 numbered
39,586 men, is now to be Increased to
44,620.
A mammoth drydock at Glasgow is
ready for service, the test of Its pump
ing machinery having pasßcd off satis
factorily.. The dock is 880 feet long and
81 feet 8 inches wide on the floor. It is
115 feet wide at top, 83 feet at entrance
and carries 26 feet 6 inches over the sill.
The dock can be divided by a central
caisson in lengths of 420 and 460 feet.
The pumps cleared the dock of 66.033 tons
of water in 90 minutes, givfng the con
tractor a margin of 21 minutes to spare,
and the outer section of 460 feet can be
pumped out in 35 minutes.
The British battle-ship Renown of 12,3i0
tons arrived at Portsmouth dockyard on
April 30, returning from the North
American station. The ship made the
trip from Bermuda to St. Catherine, a
distance of 3010 knots, in 196 hours, giving
an average speed of 15 knots an hour and
consumed 1200 tons of coal making the
passage. The trial speed of the Renown
under forced draught was IS knots, but
| the recent sea speed under natural
! draught extending for over eight days is
: a very creditable performance.
Three torpe<lo-boat destroyers for the
British navy have recently passed
through their trials with good results.
i They are all denominated as 30-knot
boats and of 300 tons. The Cygnet, built
by Thorneycroft. made 30.6S knots over
the measured mile and averaged 30.375
knots during a three hours' run. The
Mermaid, from the yard of Leslie &
Hawthorne at Newcastle made 30.926
knots over the measured mile and 30.833
knots during a three hours' run, develop
ing 7024 horsepower or 1024 in excess of
the contract. The Orwell, built at Laird's,
i Birkenhead, ran over the measured mile
at a speed of 30.7 knots and averaged 30.2
during a three hours' run at aea.
At the meeting of the Royal United
Service Institute in London on March 8,
the "Lesson of the Battle Off Santiago"
was discussed by Rear Admiral A. K.
Wilson, Admiral ('olomb and other
prominent naval experts. Rear Admiral
Wilson closed his recital of the naval
event by saying: "I have not the slight
est doubt that if the Americans had been
turned into Cervera'B ships— in bad con
dition as they were— they would have
made a very good fight of it. It is the
energy and enterprise of the race, of
which we hope we may have our share
as members of the same race, that, I
think, is the greatest factor in the suc
cess of the Americans."
OPPOSED TO
EXAMINATIONS
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir; Al
though a citizen of no note or importance
(socially, I wish to add my feeble protest
to that now being made by so many
against the cruelty and injustice of the
impending examination of the children of
the- public schools. I am the father of a
child who can show a year's record card
of the highest standard among a class of
sixty scholars. So much so that two
months ago we heard from the teacher
that by uniform attention to and excel
lence in studies this child was already en
titled to the medal; also that this pupil's
reputation for honesty in study could be
vouched for by all fellow scholars. Now,
is this year's record to go for nothing.
Is it just that a year of nonest and suc
cfs«ful study should be weighed in the
balance with a hurried and favored exam
ination of an hour? Especially if a child
is of a retiring disposition and apt to be
flurried and nervous before strangers.
Certainly such a child is not at his best
compared with other children either more
self-composed or more forward, or less
honest as to their methods of success
than he is. I think this examination
business is a deliberate injustice and that
all parties concerned should cry- out
against it and insist that the year's rec
ord shall be the only standard by which
efficiency shall be tested. I remain yours
very respectfully.
AN INDIGNANT PARENT.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TWIN PEAKS— J. H. B. and E. W. M.,
City. The height of Twin Peaks above
city base is 910 feet.
THE OREGON— H. G. W., Watson
ville, Cal. The Oregon sailed from Hono
lulu for Manila February 20, 1899.
INSANITY— H. H. 8.. City. Insanity
of husband or wife developing after mar
riago is not a ground for divorce in the
State of California.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CINCINNATI—
A. S.. City. The shortest mail time be
tween San Francisco and Cincinnati,
Ohio, is 89 hours and 20 minutes.
THE LARGEST STEAMER— H. M. T..
Alvlso, Cal. The largest steamer afloal
at this time is. according to Lloyds' regis
ter for the current year, the Lucania,
12,952 tons.
THE ARIZONA— Q. L., City. The di
mensions of the Arizona, now called the
Hancock, are: Length, 450.2 feet;
breadth, 45.4 feet; depth, 35.7 feet.; ton
nage, 3356 net, 5305 gross,
COAL COMPANIES— W. E. C, Grass
Valley, Cal. Some of the leading coal
companies of Washington are: Pacific
Coast Company, Black Diamond Com
pany, Scotch Prairie Company, Rosen
feld's Sons Company.
PAWNBROKER'S CHARGES— S. W.,
City. If a pawnbroker makes a loan on
a pledge in the regular way he is not al
lowed by law to charge more than 2 per
cent per month, and if he does he may
be arrested for a misdemeanor.
TABLEAPS— lnquirer, City. You can
not patent a thought, such for instance as
an idea as to the placing on a public stage
of novel and original ideas in the matter
of tableau?, but you can have the same
copyrighted, Just as you would a dramatic
production. _______
THE PILOTS— H. T. T., City. The fol
lowing, named are the pilots for the bay
of San Francisco: T. H. Barber, F.
Boyd, S. Castle, Captain Ersklne, E. A.
Freeman, D. Haskcll, P. Jordan, N. B.
Jordan, G. S. Korts. J. Miller, L. Meyer,
P. Murphy, A. Swanson. G. D. Scott! C.
Reed, J. W. Ott, G. D. Wallace, F. Ma
thleson, J. E. McCullough.
MARRIAGE-W. F. A., City. In the
State of California a minor under the age
of 21 male and 18 female can be married
if the consent of parents or guardian is
given. In Mexico the age for marriage
without consent of parents or guardian
is 21 years. In extraordinary cases a
special dispensation may be grantt-d to
authorize marriage where the male is
over 14 years of age and the female is
over 12.
GOLD IN A WATCH CASE— D. R. T.
C, Auburn, v CaU». To extract the gold
from an eighteen-karat gold watch case
the case must be pounded in a mortar
and placed in a bath of nitric acid and
allowed to remain until there is no longer
any fuming. That will eat away all the
base metal that it may contain. Then
the material must be rinsed and driod,
then rolled in sheet lead, placed in a cupe!
and then into a muffled furnace. That
will dissipate the lead and then there
will remain a button of gold. If it is de
sired to refire the gold so as to make it
of a higher grade, there must be xdded
two parts or silver to one of gold and
the same process gone through.
TWO HULLS— F. J., City. In relation
to the question as to the difference in
tonnage between a steel hull and a wooden
bull of exactly the same dimensions G.
W. Dickie of the Union Iron Works says:
"Ac to register tonnage there would be
no difference between the tonnage of one
vessel and another that measure the same
internally, as the interior cubic capacity
of the vessel in cube feet divided by one
hundred is the register tonnage. This,
however, has nothing to do with the car
rying capacity of a vessel. Very often the
register tonnage is confounded with the
dead weight carrying capacity. As a rule
the steel vessel of the same register ton
nage will carry more than the wooden
vessel on account of the very material
difference in the weight of the hull of
the one as compared with that of the
other, but there is no rule to determine
what that difference is. It depending en
tirely on the structure of the wooden ves
sel and the weight ot material used
therein*"
PRESENTATION
CONVENT SCHOOL
FLAG-RAISING
Old Glory Flung to
the Breeze.
AN INTERESTING CEREMONY
EXERCISES BY THE PUPILS 01
THE INSTITUTION.
Patriotic Songs and Recitations Fol
low a Short Address by Rev.
Father Carraher, I>onor of
the National Emblem.
A large brand new American flag waves
proudly over the Catholic Presentati y
Convent School of St. Francis Parish, a/
the corner of Powell and bombard streets
and the pupils of the school who partici
pated in the ceremonjv-attendlng the rais
ing of the glorious emblem of freedom
yesterday afternoon are supremely hap
py in the possession of the handsome
piece of silk which means so much to ta«
people of this country. The convent has
long wanted a flag, but it was not until
Rev. Father T. Carraber, the parish
priest, bethought himself to present one
to the sisters, that the cherished-'.
I was realized. It waa decided to make the
! raising of the national colors over the
i convent a notable one in the history of
i the institution, and yesterday was chosen
for the ceremony.
The exercises were held in the convent
hall and in the street in front of the
building, beginning at 2 o'clock in the af
ternoon. The programme opened with the
rendition of "Speed Our Republic," by the
entire school, followed by a patriotic ad
dress by Father Carraher. Then came the
"Cecilia" march by the orchestra com
posed of boys and pirls belonging to the
school, and the national hymn rendered
by two young lady pupils <>n pianos. Miss
M. Benker delivered a thrilling recitation,
brim full of patriotic inspiration, with
j dramatic effect, and was warmly applaud
! cd. She was followed by J. Brusher, who
j entertained the assemblage with a med
ley of national airs on the trombone in a
very acceptable manner. The orchestra
was again called upon and pave a pretty
1 rendition of Hawaiian airs and the indoor
' programme was concluded with the sing
j ing of "The Star Spengled Banner" by
the entire audience, standing.
As the chorus of voices died away the ■
! clang of a bell signaled the children to •
march out of the building and take up
I their positions on the opposite side of
I Powell street where they could obtain a
: good view of the convent roof and see the
nag as its folds were flung to the breeze.
! While the flag was being attached to the
halliards the pupils again sang the na
tional anthem and as Old Glory mounted
■ skyward on the flagpole the tune was
changed to "Columbia, the Gem of the
• Ocean." follower! by three cheers for the
Stars and Stripes.
There was quite a crowd of spectators
i in front of the convent at the wind up of
I the programme and they joined heartily
in cheering the flag that never knew de
| feat.
FELL FROM HIS WAGON.
Serious Accident to Michael F. Duig
nan. Driver of a Brewery Wagon.
Michael F. Duigr.an. 1112 Rhode Island
! street, is a driver for the United States
I Brewery. He started out. earl; yesterday
i niorning to deliver kegs of beer to. the
I customers of the brewery and had ud
usual to celebrate at each place of call.
About 8 o'clock he reached a grocery at
the corner of Polk and Grove streets and
delivered the kegs of beer ordered. When
he climbed on the se.u on the wagon he
\ grabbed hold of the reins, but his hold
I was uncertain and the reins slipped from
his grasp. H- leaned forward to regain
; possession of them and fell, striking on
i the traces. The horses bolted and Duig-
I nan fell to the ground and the wheels
■ passed over his left arm, breaking the
| bones of the arm and hand. He was also
bruised on the right arm and face. He -v^
I was taken to the Receiving Hospital, y
I where Dr. Bunnell attended to his in- *
I juries.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. •
The Prince of Wales is following the
example of the Duke of Wellington and
saving garments which he has worn on
special occasions. The Prince's collec
tion will be as interesting as the Duke's
store of ancient trousers and Bwallow
tail coats.
A Work of Art.
The new book, "Wonderland," just issued by
the Northern Pacific Railway Company, is the
prettiest publication issued by any railway
company this year. It Is full of beautiful half
tone illustrations, and contains besides a well
written description of a trip taken over thii
finely equipped line, including a tour through
the wonderful Yellowstone Park. Send 6c la
stamps and it will be mailed to you. T. K.
Stateler, Gen. Agt.. 63S Market St., San Fran
cisco. .'
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by ■ millions of
mothere for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising fr«m teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Pyrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by ■
stenmshir. including fifteen days' board tiji
hotel ; longer stay. $2 SO per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
The Chinese pronounce their Dowagei
Empress the most beautiful woman
whom the Celestial Kingdom has evet
known.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A common expression is:
"The human race is grow-
ing weaker and wiser."
That we are growing weak-
er is proved by the large
number of pale, thin and
emaciated people.
That we are growing
wiser may be proved by
overcoming these disorders
with the timely use of
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with Hypophos-
phites which gives strength,
enriches the blood, invigor-^
ates the nerves and forms
fat. . '
50c. »od fri.ea, |11 drugglau.
SCOTT f BQWWX, Qhsmtatt, NowY*%.VISITING BAPTISTS OCCUPIED THE
PULPITS OF MANY DENOMINATIONS
THRILLED HIS
AUDITORS WITH
HIS ELOQUENCE
Dr. Lorimer a Brilliant
Orator.
ANNUAL SERMON A SUCCESS
MISSIONARY SECRETARIES DE
LIVER ADDRESSES.
Able Sermons Delivered by the Dis
tinguished Visitors to Congrega
tions of This City— Their
Thoughts in Brief.
THERE are scores of orators in this
city. The pulpit has furnished an
array of Christian pleaders who
have uplifted the members of their
congregation to higher ideals; the
law has its qu.«ta of spellbinders who
have snatched victories from certain de
feat by Imbuing juries with the justice
of tln-ir course in their clever speeches.
ami the lay profession has any number '>f
champions whose voices and logic have
charmed audiences and raised them to a
high pitch of enthusiasm. But there are
thousands in this city who are of the
opinion that none of our local speakers
■ ompares with the Rev. George C. Lor
the distinguished divine who
preached at the services <>f the First Bap
tist Church yesterday morning at the
Alhambra Theater.
Seldom has an audience listened to such
a brilliant discourse as was delivered by
the Boston preacher. Nearly 2000 people
were seated in the Moorish play house
which for the occasion was turned into
a place of worship to accommodate the
crowds desirous of hearing the em
inent pulpit orator. Nor were they
disappointed. For about an hour and
a half he thrilled them with his
tence, and when they departed their
minds were filled with the views he ex
pressed on many themes.
The services were opened by the Rev.
A. J. Rowlands, secretary of the Baptist
Publication Society, who announced the
singing of an anthem by the choir, com
poaed of Mis:; Fanny L. Denny soprano,
Miss Florence Nagel alto. Herbert Wil
liams first tenor, Arthur A. Macurda sec
ond tenor, I). B. Crane first bass and
Matbew McCunie second bass, and H. K.
Mitchell accompanist. At the conclusion
of the singing Rev. D. B. Cheney of Wis
consin, whose father was formerly pas
tor of tho First Baptist Church and who
Is himself a native son. Invoked the di
ng. This was followed by Rev.
li. L. Mirehouse of New York reading
Psalm 7-: "Give the King thy judg
ments. O <iod. and thy righteousness unto
the King's son." Dr. E. B. Hulbert,
i the Chicago Theological Semin
ary, and former pastor of the First Bap
hur^h of this city, led in prayer.
Dr. Rowlands Introduced Dr. Lorimer to
his audience in a short speech in which
he said that the Eastern clergyman had
given up his life to the great studies of
. ly. As the pale-faced but intellec
tual little giant stepped forward a hush
fell on the congregation. "You will lind
the words of my text," he coldly said, "in
the second chapter of Daniel, the forty
d verse."
And In the day? nf those kins? shall the
God at heaven set up a kingdom, which
Fhall never be dentroyed. nor shall the sov
pr^'pnty thereof be lfft to another people;
but it shall break in pieces and consume all
the?e kingdoms, and it shall stand forever.
Closing his eyes and folding his arms on
his breast the doctor opened his sermon
on "Christianity as a World-Power." "A
dream, only a dream," he said, "is likely
to be the mocking language of the so-called
practical men of the world, who regard it
as an evidence of superior sanity to trust
or.ly facts and figures when this im
mortal declaration is read in their hear
ing."
Bis glowing periods made his listeners
forget that they were attending church
services and irresistibly they broke Into
applause and as it sv,is not relinked con
tinued to punctuate ,iis address with signs
Of their appreciation. He created a bit
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Bradish, of Detroit, Wrote
Mrs. Pinkham and Tells the Result.
, [LETTER TO MRS. . PINKIIAM NO. 82,310]
"About two years ago I began to run
down and soon became almost a wreck.
I lost my appetite and began . to lose
flesh ; my blood was impoverished and
I had to leave our store.
" The doctors gave me a little tonic,
but I steadily grew worse and consulted
another doctor. He helped me in some
ways, but my headaches continued, and
I began to have night sweats and my
rest was so disturbed that I would have
hysteria and would cry and worry over
business matters and my poor health.
" Finally, husband took me South, but
with no benefit. This was a year ago
no one can ever know what a winter of
misery I spent. Would bloat after
eating and was troubled with palpita-
tion of heart and whites. Having read
by happy chance of your medicine, I
bought it and wrote for your advice, •
and before having finished the first
bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, the hysterics nearly stopped
and I slept soundly.
"I used seven or eight bottles with
such benefit that I am as health}' as I
can ever remember of being. I shall
never cease to sound your praises."—
Mb* E. M. Bradi6h, 179 Dix Aye.,
Detroit, Mich.
Mrs. Pinkham's advice is at the free
disposal of every ailing woman who
wishes help. Her address is Lynn, Mass.
Every case is sacredly confidential.
SKIN, SCALP, f**^
COMPLEXION. §**>%
Itching, burning, Irritated skin, Jj^ Jf/
scaly, crusted scalps, falling hair TKSa# £r
and dandruff and blemished com- V^aV
flexions Instantly relieved and restored to : a
healthy, natural condition by the dally use of
WOODBURT'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They are strictly antiseptic, healing and puri-
fying. Bold everywhere.
f\ a PP nil a I Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL^^ r^
will L II U I lll— r e Overcoats and
iMgm Values checked free.
of mr rrlment at the outset by telling the
congregation that an old lady asked him
us he was leaving his room whether he
was going to church, and when he an
swered in the affirmative Bhe fervently
answered: "Well, God be wid yer." Again
in the middle of his address when
he said "The man who wants to
celebrate the Battle of Boyne has
no more business in America than
the Czar of Russia has to hencme
the President of the T'nited States." the
audience expressed its approval with pro
longed applause: A train, when he dis
cussed the grasping tendencies of Euro
pean nations he Impassionately exclaimed:
"The Gospel that takes the sword or that
ciaims to trample on the sword shall be
slain by the .-word if the Master's word
is true."
During his sermon he alluded to
France's treatment of Dreyfus, whom he
believed to bo innocent. He described the
persecuted Jewish officer seated in his
prison cell on Devil's Island listening to
the mutterings in Paris. "I warn you,
France, ' he exclaimed; "keep your hands
off the Jew, and I w.u n you as well that
God Almighty has revealed himself to the
Jew. Yes. there is something grander in
the universe than the Grand Army of
Fiance, and that is Goa Almighty." From
all sides of the hall were heard fervent
arr.ens.
Throughout his long address Dr. Lori
r.ier rose to lofty flights, stamping him-
Belf as a great orator. After the services
the members of the church crowded
around him and offered thanks and con
gratulations to him for his able sermon.
Owing to its length it will be Impossible
to publish it in full, but in part he said:
"A dream, only a dream." is likely to be
the mocking language of the so-called
practical m«n .if t !i»- world, who regard it
as an evidence of superior sanity to trust
only facts and figures, when this Immortal
declaration is read in their hearing. True,
in tho visions of eight r->y.-,i Nebuchadnez
zar bad Been a gleaming colossus of dif
ferent metals, not unlike (lie huge colossi
guarding his own palace gates, which had
REV. GEORGE C. LORIMER, D.D., DELIVERINfi THE ANNUAL BAPTIST MISSIONARY SERMON.
been smitten by the mysterious fragment
'if rock cut from a mountain without hands,
and which Daniel had interpreted in the
passage before us. A.nd what then? Are
all such disclosures necessarily unworthy
of credence? "Was not Abimelech divinely
guided throueh a dream? Was not the
immediate future of Egypt accurately fore
shown to Pharoah through the Fame
means? Assyrian cuneiform ■ inscriptions
relate the accomplishment of various events
that were anticipated in sleep.
Thus Qyges, Kins of Lydia, had been ad
monished to enter on an alliance with
AsHUrbanipal, and by this method Egypt
had been encouraged to unite against the
Assyrians. Likewise in Persian history
rulers, such as Afrasiab and Xerxes, were
warned and directed when their senses were
wrapped in slumber, and the scenes uncur
tained were faithful counterparts of ap
proaching realities. And what are all the
successes or our modern era, all the con
quests over nature, all the triumphs over
tyranny, all the vindications of human
rights, but th- fulfillment of dreams
dreamed by saints and sages, noets and
philosophers, for the announcement of which
they were derided and cursed, were shut
up in prison and thrust out of life? As
these visions have not failed, so neither
have we reason to reject as inherently in
credible those which agitated the mind of
Nebuchadnezzar, and which | for centuries
have filled the world with hope.
It is very generally assumed by com
mentators that we have in the King's
huge, composite image a prophecy of suc
cessive empires. There is, first of all.
Babylon, the head of gold; then the Medes
and Persians, the breast and arms of sil
ver; followed by the Macedonian, the belly
and thighs of brass, and terminating with
the Roman, the legs of iron, whose feet are
partly iron and partly clay. Frequently has
It been brought to the attention of students
that the description of Rome is very fine
and very pertinent. As a world power the
trampled down all opposers and was ut
terly ruthless and merciless;, while ulti
mately she . undermined her own stability
by dividing Into east and west, and by
mingling in her poulation aliens and free
men, and by blending with her customs
and manners tin' practices and vices of the
nations she bad conquered. In the words
of an old write.r, "The Kyrinn Orontes pol
luted the waters of the Tiber."
Christianity as n World-Power: This
then Is my them<\ appropriate, I trust, to
this first assembling of our national societies
on the shores of the Pacific, from which
notable event should date a new era in the
history of cur denomination. In Its discus
sion I shall not follow the order of its de
velopment eLe we have it in Daniel's inter
pretations! for by a slightly different
method it can be rendered clearer and
more practical.
The originality of Christianity as a
world-power in worthy of serious thought.
If anything Is plain it U the difference
that exists between the metallic and the
stone empires. The latter Is cut out of the
mountain without hands; that is, has a
providential beginning, and only of It is
the record Riven "that the God of heaven
shall set up a kingdom.' Those that are
of the earth are born of mixed human mo
tives and ambitions, and have bei n the re
sult of various political or warlike move
ments None of them is warranted In claim
ing for Itself the origin which distinguishes
religion..
Hut in addition to this peculiarity it is to
be observed that Christianity is to fill the
whole earth. In every sphere and terri
tory occupied by the linage, and even be
yond it is to penetrate. Perhaps we shall
be told that Jopus said, "My kingdom la
not of this world": and that therefore we
are not warranted In speaking of if at all
as a world-power. Hut why not? Are we
sure that our Lord's words are understood?
What he meant was not that his empire
was excluded from relationship with human
affairs, but that It was never designed to
copy other world-powers and strive to be
like them. It is one of the grave mistakes
committed by some pious people that they
regard organized religion as merely a means
to itself, whose sole function Is the salvation
of individuals from the peril of perdition.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 29, 1899.
whereas It constantly proclaims that it has
come to inaugurate a "renewed earth where
in dwelleth rifchtousness."
All prophetic visions which relate to this
subject represent the mountain of the Lord
as exalted above the hills, and in other
glowing figures reveal it as blessing in tem
poral as .well as in spiritual things. Jesus
himself confirms this view in some of his
parables, and there is hardly room lelt for
serious controversy.
That Christianity is fitted for domestica
tion in all the earth is evidence of the gulf
that separates it from other powers. Pro
fessor Seeley is filled with wonder at the
many-sidedness of Great Britain, ruling
■despotically in Asia and democratically in
Canada, and adapting herself to Moslem ex
clusiveness in the East and to free thought
and spirituality in the West. Perhaps the
secret is not difficult to solve. Hut there
is a more startling phenomenon; it is that
of a religion assuming to be capable of
satisfying the cravings of mankind, and to
rule for the common good European and
Asiatic, Saxon and Slav, civilized and sav
age.
Two tendencies are observable to-day. The
one is toward secular imperialism. It is
the dream of nationalities in the old world,
and" is not without charm for ourselves in
the new. Success along this line apart from
religion is freighted with ultimate mischief
and peril. Hut the other trend Is more en
couraging and more ennobling; it is toward
the triumphant imperialism of Christianity.
For which shall we labor? I am not Baying
that they are necessarily inconsistent with
each other; but so far as grandeur and
sublimity are concerned. T would rathbr de
vote myself to the second than to the tlrst.
Would not you? 'As for me, I would rather
stain! with Livingston, Carey. Marshman,
Judson. than I would with Cllve. Hastings
and Lawrence; and I would rather in the
»nd be associated with Christ and tils
apostles than 1 would with Caesar anil the
legions thundering at his heels. Would not
you? Between them we must make our
choice. And I appeal to this great assembly
nl Christians and citizens, by the glorious
imagery we have studied, which holds form
the precious hope of a spiritually trans
formed and morally regenerated social State,
to array themselves beneath the banners
of Christ, and here pledge life, fortune and
pacred honor, that he may "see of the tra
vail of his soul and be satisfied."
YOUNG BAPTISTS WERE
GIVEN GOOD ADVICE
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the mem
bers of the Baptist. Young People's. Union
came together in the auditorium of the
church and for two and* a half hours lis
tened to some rousing speeches on practi
cal Christianity and the true spirit of the
simon-pure Baptist. Eloquence from the
four quarters of the country poured
out without stint and that the meeting
was intensely interesting to ; those who
participated was demonstrated by the
fact that there were no less than one
thousand persons, young and old. present
to listen.
• The meeting was opened with prayer
and song and then Rev. C. M. Carter of
Muncie. Ind., was introduced to his audi
ence. He had for his subject "The Baptist
Young People's Union and Its Relations."
It was a talk of instruction to
the younger Baptists of the church,
but it was ; listened t. to. with • ; wrapt
attention by the ' elders' as well as
the younger people present. Dr. Carter
decried narrow ■ sectarianism • that ac
knowledged the good in no other creeds
than its own but at the same time pointed
out that every true Baptist should know
and have faith in his ownchurbh and its
tenets.
He was followed by Rev. W. G. Par
tridge, D.D., of Cincinnati, Ohio, who
spoke at considerable length on "Training
for Service.". He held up the fact to the
younger members that there is always
room in the field for earnest workers, and
dwelt earnestly upon the necessity for
beginning preparation during the earlier
years and outlined the plan' of training
that the older heads had found of great
est efficacy. • '",-..■
Rev. E. E. Chiyers, general secretary of
the Union, delivered a sermon that in
eloquence has not been excelled < during
the present convention; Ho dealt with the
spirit that should dominate every true
Baptist, the relations of the Baptist
church with the churches of other sects,
and- he outlined clearly the broad: princi
ple upon' which members of the < church
might live in relation with members of
others without in the remotest jeopardiz
ing their creed and privileges. „• •
At 5:30 o'clock "America" was sung by
the congregation and the 'services for the
evening were announced. .•,';■
.1 . ;~ : - -, ■ . ♦ , - ■ . »' ':■"' -•'
SECRETARIES DISCUSSED
INTERESTING SUBJECTS
In the evening a missionary mass meet
ing was held In the First Baptist Church.
The sacred edifice was crowded to the
doors with interested worshipers, who
listened Intently to the addresses deliv
ered by R. Q. Seymour. D.D., H. C. Ma
bie, D.D., and T. J. Morgan, D.D. Rev.
H. L. Morehouse acted as chairman of the
meeting.
The first speaker was Dr. Seymour, mis
sionary secretary of the Educational So
ci<t\. His subject was on "Personality
in Missions." In part he said:
The word mission Is a very wonderful word.
There are some who shrink from It, because
it implies a propagation ot the great facts of
thi-lr religion. It is a broad word, for it belts
the Klobe. It Is an extra scriptural word: It
is not found within the lids of the Bible, and
yet the whole spirit of the Bible Is In It. It
Is part and parcel of our religious nomencla
ture. We have tried and tried in vain to find
a substitute for it. It has now a place for
•itself. It does not belong to any distinctive
field but to every field. It belongs to every
Christian life. No man can get a single step
outside of his own life's path without becom
ing a missionary. "As thou hast sent me into
the world even so have 1 also sent them into
the world." So in this priestly prayer of
Jesus we have conjoined his commission and
ours as missionaries — sent ones. The extent
and range of faith depends upon the breadth
of our visitant. That is, however widely the
Lord has opened our eyes it may be only to
see our white brother who lives in India,
Africa or the Philippines. We believe in our
great missionary organizations which are here
at the Golden Gate celebrating their anniver
saries-, one its eighty-fifth, one its seventy-fifth,
one its sixty-seventh. We can measure the
work which has been accomplished by these
societies. They are in the heart 6of the peo
ple. They are mighty engines for the dis
semination of the gospel and the establishment
of Christ's kingdom; the great machinery by
which Baptist churches have sent the electrical
power of the Individual life throbbing with
force and licht to the ends of the earth. I
have wondered whether faith in these organiza
tions has not allowed many to excuse them
selves from a personal participation in the
work of saving lost men. And this Is the
reason I emphasize now "Personality In Mis
sion?." • . . ..
After the singing of a hymn. Rev. Hen
ry D. Mabie, secretary of the American
Baptist Mission Union, was introduced
and spoke on "The Resurrection— Errand
of the Church."
The address of Dr. Mabie was an endeavor
to show the intimate connection between the
doctrine of Christ's resurrection. Its spiritual
apprehension by the church, with its illustra
tion in the life of the Church and the preva
lence or non-preva'"?nee of missionary convic
tion. He began his address, by calling atten
tion to the fact that the promulgation of tha
Great Commission, as it is recorded at the
end of the Gospels, was reserved until after
Christ's resurrection from the dead. It was
the supreme event connected with the forty
days of post-resurrection of earthly life. Other
injunctions of every sort, he said. Including
the sermon on the mount, the law of prayer,
the principle of forgiveness of injuries, mercy
to the needy, etc., "were plainly and emphatical
ly taught previous to Chrlsfa crucifiction and
resurrection. Hut the Great Commission itself
was reserved to a unique occasion. ' '
SOUNDING BRASS AND
TINKLING CYMBAL
Rev. Kerr Boyce Tupper, a distinguish
ed Baptist minister nf Philadelphia, occu
pied the pulpit of the First. Presbyterian
Church last evening and preached an able
sermon. His text was, "Jesus of Nazareth
went about doing good— Acts x:3B. In
part he said:
"This la the most attractive picture giv
en by Inspiration of the Son of God. More
than that, it is the only of the divine pho
tographs lust suited to our age. We live
,in an age of practical benevolence, of util
itarian tendencies. The Romans em
phasized power, the Greeks learning, the
Hebrews religion, the Americans deeds
as proving creeds. The Christ that the
world needs to-day is the one which
matches sermons with services, doctrines
with doings, creeds with characters.
"It is a remarkable fact that Christ
wrote nothing. His impress upon the
world comes through acts rather than
through writings. Plato and Homer wrote
and lived; Christ wrote not, yet lives .is
no Greek author ever lived. The secret
of his influence over men is found in the
fact that he illustrated in his life th<*
doctrines of his mjnd. blending theory
and practice with perfect purity of pri
vate life and public action. The tributes
of the great men of the world to him. as
from Carlyle and Leckey, are based
chiefly upon his tender philanthropy and
noble living.
"And Christ buttressed his deed with
his creed. Three majestic and supreme
doctrines characterize his teaching, and
these doctrines the world needs to-day:
First, the Fatherhood of God. Once God
was more to man a judge; now he is a
Father. Second, the brotherhood of the
race. The ancient Hebrew was bigoted
and narrow. No man to-day can be a
true follower of Christ who does not be
lieve in the brother man as the one to be
loved and helped. There was no poor la
bor that Christ would not touch, no home
of Squalor that he would not enter, no
humble class he would not help. An un
gem rous soul can never be the soul of
a Christian. Third, the improbability of
a soul. Once it was a wish, now it is a
conviction; once it was a probability,
now it is a certainty. By the grave Christ
stood where philosophers had thrown un
answered their questions Into the dark
ness, and he said, 'I am the resurrection
and the life.' All the darkness of his day
he would illumine by revelation from the
other world, where once he dwelt in an
ineffable way with the Father.
"The great lesson from all this is that
no life can be true that is not benevolent.
Christianity without these elements 'is
'sounding brass and tinkling cymbal.'
Better have little light and much love
than to have a full revelation and a nar
row soul."
CHARMED HIS HEARERS
WITH WORD PICTURES
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church shared his pulpit last
evening with Rev. Dr. Poteat, one of the
most prominent divines of Philadelphia,
Pa., who Is just now touring the West.
Both by his eloquence and breadth of
thought Dr. Poteat has bullded a reputa
tion throughout the Eastern States and
the magnificent sermon he preached la-st
evening will certainly leave him as firm
ly fixed in the minds of San Francisco's
church goers.
Dr. Poteat took for his theme "The
Light of the World." He spoke eloquent
ly and at length of the revelational as
pect of Christianity, presenting his
thought in the following points: First,
the statement made by Jesus, "1 am the
Light"; second, the self-consciousness
Jesus evinced in the statement; and third,
the pure question of fact.
Said he: "Our Lord conceived all the
institutions of religion to be for the time
being summed up in his person and that
all the -generations of men must look to
Him for light. In such self-conscio.usness
he was either a stark lunatic, a blatant
fool, or he knew himself and his relation
to the world and spoke the utter truth."
"As a matter of fact, attested in mul
titudinous experiences, he la the light of
the world," continued Dr. Poteat. "The
world without him is a world of dark
ness, of weariness and suicide; the world
of'Zeno, of Hume, of Yon Hartman, of
Byron. The world with Christ in it is the
world of John and Paul and Bunyan, and
ail our social and personal and world
problems can be read aright and solved
only in his light, for he is the light of the
world."
This in brief was Dr. Poteat's remark
able sermon. The word pictures he paint
ed in Its elaboration could be presented
only in his own fashion. In most vivid
English he drew the antithesis between
the waste world of Byron and Hume and
the lightened paths traced by Paul and
John. He cast aside the facts, and th»
ories made common by daily use and
dipped deeper into the Bible for fact and
lope to prove the things he had to say.
His sermon was such a one as is not too
often heard in this city and, his hearers
express the hope that he may be heard
again before he returns to the East.'
DR. LORIMER WAS
A REAL SURPRISE
OAKLAND, May S2.— Rev. George C.
Lorimer, D.D., L.L.D.. of Tremont Tem
ple; Boston, who has been attending the
Baptist anniversaries, created a sensation
at the Memorial services held in the Ex
position building to-night by the Baptist
churches on this side of the bay.
During .the course of his eloquent dis
course on "Old Glory" Dr. Lorimer al
luded to politics several times. He said
first that he did not care from what
source an army was drawn so long as it
be American "and have an able Secretary
of , War .at .its head and no embalmed beef,
success' and victory will attend it wher
ever it went."
■Referring -to the act of Congress forbid
ding the sale of liquor in the canteens,
whk-h act. on .the advice of the Attorney
General, was declared inoperative, the
sneaker said it was about time to get a
I new legal adviser to the President when
! si:i-h advice as this can be expected.
! Trusts and monopolies the speaker
branded as menacing the liberties of the
; people and he said that if they, were fos
t< red much longer the boasted liberty of
; freedom would yet turn out to be the llb*
j erty of the people to go out upon -~e
' highway and starve to death.
REV. P. S. HENSON'S ADDRESS.
Speaks Before the Young Men's Chris-
tian Association.
Rev. P. S. Henson of Chicago, one of
the most prominent of the visiting Bap
tist divines, delivered a very eloquent lec
ture in the auditorium of the Young
Men's Chritlan Association building yes
terday afternoon. A large audience gath
ered to hear the eminent preacher.
The text was the one hundred and third
Psalm, an exhortation to bless God, and
was taken up seriatim. The twenty-two
exhortations received a full and beauti
ful interpretation by Rev. Mr. Henson,
whose simplicity of style and natural wit
won him the most absorbed attention.
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
v ' BELTING. -. "■:'■■,".•'.['};, '
Li) fIFfiFV Manufacturer of Belting-
I. UCUCII, Laco Leather. 105-107. Mis-
Blon St.. cor. Spear." Telephone Main 662. ■
BO LER MAKERS. '■.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
• -■ - ; .W. J. BRADY. 1 - Proprietor. l •'•'
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and ■ Ship
.- .. - - , Work. " •< : ■ •> >.
: Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST.
■ ••■• •'•• " . Telephone Main 5045. ■..•• : : .
; ' BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
' 34 2 to 350 Geary "Street. Above Powell,
' .*■ Periodicals. Books end Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. •
J. C. WILSON & CO..
bOO BATTERY STREET.
\ Telephone Main 1564. ■ ' " ' \
! , COPPERSMITH. . .
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. Mgr. :
C. W.- Smith, Ship ' Plumbing,' Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main .s64l.
; DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE.
REDIN6TON & CO.^^^K^
. FRESH AND SALT MEATS. * ;
lAS : RfkYr^X ''it C Ii "■ Shipping Butchers. ':iM
J A 3-. DU I (X Ml,, ■ Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
■' v ; HARDWARE :, ;> v-
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
ers in hardware. 603 Market; . tel. Main 732.
GOLDEN SARD
BROUGHT DOWN
FROM ALASKA
Cargo Arrives on the
National City.
WILL BE TREATED AT SELBY'S
CAME FROM THE APOLLO MINE
ON UNGA ISLAND.
The "Sand" Is Valued at Over $100
a Ton, So the Steamer's Cargo
Is Worth Considerable.
Money.
The steamer National City attracted a
great deal of attention at Main-street
wharf yesterday morning. She was all
the way from Unga Islund with a cargo
of "sand," and the crowd could not un
derstand how such an article came to be
shipped so great a distance when enough
of the same kind of stuff to load every
vessel afloat could be procured at the
ocean beach.
Then the National City was very deep
ly laden and such great care had been
taken that not an ounce of the deck load
should be lost. The forward part of the
main deck had been into a large
box with an arched roof. This was made
throughout of inch planking and was fas
tened together as securely as nails and
the joiners' art could make it. Tons of
water wash over the structure but never
move it the fraction of an inch.
Just forward of the pilot house a well
was left in order to catch the water that
might get into the house and percolate
through the cargo, and in this way any
chance of loss was reduced to a mini
mum. The crew of the vessel said the
cargo consisted of 450 tons of sand, and
at lirst blush it seemed incredible that
such care should be taken of the cargo.
But when it is known that this particular
sand contains $100 per ton gold dust
and that it is on its way to Selby's Smelt
ing Works, the care taken to save every
ounce of it is explained.
The National City left here for Unga
Island about a month ago. She carried
a very large cargo and twenty miners for
the Apollo mine. The passage north was
a very unpleasant one and everybody
aboard was glad when it was over. It
took some time to discharge and load the
vessel and it was not until the 18th inst.
that Captain Dettmers was ready to start
back again. Two miners from the Apollo
mine— 'W. Cushin"- and A. Wilde— took
passage on the National City. They have
spent a year on Unga Island and have
come home for a rest. It blew very hard
the tirst few days out and Captain Dett
mers had to run his vessel into Sand
Point for shelter.
The barkentine Fremont and schooner
Winchester of the codfishing fleet had
been at Sand Point, but had cone back to
the banks before the National City got in.
The mail steamer Newport reached Unga
on the 17th inst. and th<- staling schooner
Olga put in there for water a few days
before that, but went on her cruise again
as soon as her water tanks were filled.
The last few days of the passage Captain
Dettmers had to economize his coal sup
ply. It began to run short, and in order
to reach port the National City had to
come along at half speed. Tt was origi
nallv the intention tn have taken her to
Selby's direct, but instead of that she had
to go to Main-street wharf and coal up.
As soon as that was done she went up the
river and her cargo of gold-bearing sand
will be carefully discharged to-day.
SIXTEENTH INFANTRY HERE.
Will Leave for Manila To-Day on the
United' States rransport Grant.
The Sixtprnth Infantry arrived from
Fort Crook, Nebraska, Jefferson barracks,
Missouri, and Fort Leavenworth, Kans.,
yesterday en route for Manila.
Company B and the band was the first
detachment to come over the bay and
they were followed at regular Intervals
b\ the other companies during the day.
Before dark all the men had arrived and
were safely housed aboard the transport
Grant at Folsom-street wharf. They are
a splendid body of men and made a fine
appearance, as they marched along p:ast
street. The majority of them are very
young and there is not an old man in the
ranks.
Colonel Hood is the commander of the
regiment, but he is not going to Manila
at this time, so Lieutenant Colonel Spur-
Kin is in command. The other officers
are: Majors — Kirkman and Ward; cap
tains— Wcodbury, Allen, Thursten, Buck.
Dunning and George; lieutenants—Pres
tcn. Woodward, Sorley, Carey. Simmons,
Miller, Mulliken. Ridenour, Gowen, Mc-
Grew, Toffey, Comer. Ford, Riffenberrick,
Hayes, Stone and McCain; surgeons-
Harris. Lloyd. Richmond *nd Dade.
All the supplies and the mail will be
aboard the Grant by this afternoon and
during the evening- the vessel will sail
for Manila via Honolulu.
Jf(a/i^^^^^
puts heart and ability into one— helps one over
the hard places In life. Its merit is asslired by
the fact that it is made by the Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Ass'n.
:■■ ♦ ■
Now Sorry He Did It.
Marcus Hansen, a laborer, living at IS2
Hickory avenue, saw a bottle on the bu
reau in his bedroom yesterday afternoon
and decided to investigate. He pulled out
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedley. Proo*.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Da.
scrlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
• LIQUORS.
OCDOLD WHISKEY, gallon.. $1.50 ; ease, $6.03
0. P. B. PONY, da. .......$2.53; case $10.03
L. CAHKN ii, SON, 418 Sacramento St.. 8. F.
NO BETTER CN EARTH gSSSL^iI?-
Comanche Ochre Co.. 203 Front; tel. Jessie 1996.
.PAPER DEALERS. *
Wll 1 AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
If ILLMITILI I L 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTING.,
EC HUGH E S, 611 PRINTER,
• V- llvmiLO.6ii Sansome strot.
THF Hlf S IPnn fft Printers, Book-
IDC UIVAJ-JUVU UJ-. binders. 23 First st.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphicr> \ DTDIHrF 306 Call-
Codes. rV\IV'l IVILUjC fornla st.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and public Weighers.; Gen-
eral Storage. Free .and. Grain Warehouses.' Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
• •' ■' '■■■[ WATCHES, ETC.
T I IIVnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
•;Llinill< 18-lc. Wedding Rings. 4 3d St.
WrilTii ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the ' •.■' "'■
BLACK DIAMOND (UAL, MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
V '■'".} - is -■ the ' Beet Coal In the Market.
' Office and Yards— Main Street.
the cork and smelled :t, but not being sat
isfied he swallowed a dose of the con
tent?, which tasted so queer that he
locked at the label on the bottle and dis
covered that it read 'aconite." He imme
diately hurried to the Receiving Hospital
and the usual remedies for aconite poi
son were applied. He was able to leava
the hospital several hours later.
Ocean Water Tub Batha.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
i
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^™
last WEEK.
! MATINEES TUESDAY (Memorial Day)
AND SATURDAY.
HERBERT EFFIE
KELCEY -SHANNON
j In the Great American Play.
™M©TH^ FLAME
next MONDAY. First Production Upon
Any Stage of a NEW PLAY,
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
BEGINNING MONDAY EVENING, JUNE 5.
LAMBARDI GRAND
ITALIAN OPERA COMPANY
FROM MILAN.
REPERTOIRE FOR THE FIRST WEEK:
, Monday ........"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
...;. And -I'PAGLIACCI"
Tuesday "LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR'*
1 Wednesday "ERNANI"
Thursday :."MAJ»ON LESCAULT"
Friday "RIGOLETTO"
, Saturday Matinee
"LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR"
Saturday "IL TROVATORE"
Popular Prices! All Seats Reserved!
Entire ground floor $1 00
Balcony 50c, 75c and $100
1 ' Gallery r----; 25c
! Box and Low Seats $1 aO
The Sale of Seats Will Begin THURSDAY
', MORNING. June 1. at 9 o'clock. _
; GRAND OPERA HOUSE
'. Telephone Green 861.
THIS EVENING.
[ First production in San Francisco of the New
York Casino Furor.
'■ . THE
; PRINCESS NICOTINE!
The Entire
: SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
In the cast.
• : Reserved seats, 25 and 50 cents; gallery IB
1 cents.
Branch box office just inside main entrance
of Emporium building.
■ HOLIDAY MATINEE TOMORROW,
I DECORATION DAY. _
■ | ;
i ■ ' .' '
CLIFFORD and HUTH,
Stars "A High Born Lady."
HENRI FRENCH,
' The New Sensation, Juggler and Bicyclist.
MOUNG TOON and MOUNG CHET
; The Burmese Wonders.
i ! BILLY VAN. MONTGOMERY AND STONE
AND TEN BIG VAUDEVILLE STARS.
1 , Reserved seats 25c. balcony 10c. . Opera
' ' chairs and box seats ">oc.
' SPECIAL MATINEE TUESDAY, MAY 30.
' Regular Matinees Wed., Sat. and Sunday.
'| TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
ONE WEEK ONLY
I Of Edmond Audran's Greatest Comic Opera,
THE
MASCOT.
Great Cast! Correct Costumes! Appropriate
Accessories!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
SPECIAL— MONDAY EVENING, June 5,
Reappearance of the San Francisco Favorite,
GRACIE PLAISTED,
In Strauss' Masterpiece,
"THE " MERRY \A//\R»»
j PRICES ! 25c and 500
Telephone Bush 9. " ; -'.- i
ALCAZAR™
THIS (MONDAY) NIGHT AT 8.
MEMORIAL DAY MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Engagement of the Celebrated American
Actor,
yvvre. lewis MORRISON,
Supported : by the Talented Actress,
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Magnificent production of
HAMLET.
P81CE5..... Isc, 25c, 35c. 50e.
CHUTES JND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
BILLIE DODSON. Male Soorano^ WALDO
and ELLIOTT, Aerial Contortionists : .LWTLE
MAUDIE. the Phenomenal Child; QUERITA
VINCENT, the New York Sensation: ANTONIO
VINCENT, the Eminent Barytone; WESTON
and HERBERT. Musical Comedians, and NEW
MOVING PICTURES. ,
RIDE ON THE GALLOPING HORSES.
VISIT LUNETTE AND THE MAZE.
Balloon Ascension TO MORROW,
Decoration Day. :^:| :;
GLEN PARK.
TO-MORROW, TUESDAY. .
FIRST AMATEUR DAY !
Darin? Ballots Ascension by
AMATEUR AERONAUT
I! AMATEUR CAKE WALKERS.
DRAMATIC READERS. GYM-
NASTS. OPERATIC SINGERS.
I FANCY DANCERS, etc.
Horse . racing, . pie eating, pole climbing and
ladder scaling CONTESTS FOR CASH
PRIZES. Open to. all children.
i Admission to Park 10c; no extra charge for
| "theater. .
CONCERTS AND HESOBTS.
DalllW GREAT realistic
. _ WAR PANORAMA!
OT Prof. W. a ROLLINS,
rz: — the eminent orator,
mm • . lectures half hourly.
IVI Si Fl 1 1 <B Market St.. nr. Eighth.
■ ■ ; -,vr Admission 60c.
Bay! Cl "*' r ""*-
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A.M. to 11. P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. to 10:36 P. M.
ADML-'oION, 10c. CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, Including admission, 25c; children, 20c.
56
FRENZIED FANS
WITNESS THEIR
FAVORITES FALL
San Francisco Loses
a Furious Game.
BEATEN OUT BY ONE RUN
WINS IN THE MORNING, ONLY
•TO DROP AGAIN.
Largest Crowd of the Season Wit
nesses One of the Best Contests
Ever Played on the
Coast.
In the presence of the largest crowd
i hat ever invaded Redreation Park to
witrx eball same, Santa Cruz
[SCO, alter los
ing the morning game, thereby plunking
Jlank Harris and his team back into sec
isittotL Last night th >se Santa
Cruzana who remained at home burned
large Bectlon of Monterey Bay and
- things in the exuberance of
their Joy.
Since the season opened there has been
a number of sensational games played
here, but that of yesterday threatened
every minute to throw the good spectators
.1 Into hysterics. There was not a
dull Becond during the proceedings. Ev
ery one of tho eighteen participants was
on his mettle and thrilling deeds followed
each other in bewildering profusion. When
the tumult was all over Mr. Donlin had
earned the right hereafter to be addressed
by his Intimates as Michael; heretofore
he has been plain Mike. For the left
winged lobster had, for the third succes
sive game lie has gone against them,
transformed the local sluggers into sim
ians.
Santa Cruz has three twirlers and it
was the intention to use one in each
gajnt h( re, but I-. Halsz, who has just
signed a life contract with a charming
Native Daughter, would rot have it so.
Louli 'luled to pitch Saturday's
but that did not suit his fancy. He
little taste for performing before
emptj . preferring to earn the
plaudits of the larger Sunday crowd. So
on Saturday the newly-made benedict
fnlled to appear in uniform and Donlin
■ie game. Yesterday morn
■l connection with the Oak
land Park altogether, leaving Daubenbis
t i do the twirling. But in the afternoon
the young man tripped out on the dia
mond dei Iced nut In a brand new white
puit and prepared to array himself before
the assemblage. That's where he made
hi a third bad guess. Manager Tuttle de
\> rmin<;<i that DO ball player could trifle
with his authority with impunity, so
when the team starfd out in the Held for
the first inning, Halsz was told to wrap
himself up in his sweater and make him-
Belf comfortable on the bench. It was
a crushing blow to his aspirations, but he
■will not get gay again right away.
I'nele Hank's cohorts went on the
ground flushed with the victory of the
morning and prepared to make it a double
header. But there was nothing about the
Oakland gam*-- to mak»> them jubilant.
Daubenbis was as wild an an inmate of
the Magdalen Asylum and simply present
ed them with tl>^ contest. It happened in
the second inning, when, with one
out, O'Nell was given his base, took sec
ond on a passed ball, stole third and
scored on Devereaux's error of Dauben
bis 1 throw to h< ad Tip off. Then Ed was
overcome with generosity and threw out
nta to Swindells and Iberg. Pyne
might have got one had he waited, but
he wanted to break the monotony, so he
s< nt a fly out to right. Krug fared better.
foi Daubenbis tmk.'d one against his
ribs, filling the bases. Joshua P. Riley,
the next man up, waited until the Santa
Cruzan got one somewhere near the plate,
■which he lifted over the right field fence.
chasing in the three men ahead of him.
Runs were picked up in the fifth ajid
eighth innings, the iaiter also being the
result of a gift by Daubenbis, and though
the lobsters struggled desperately live
were all the tallies they could score, game,
being called in their half of the ninth to
enabled the teams to get back to the city,
But enough of the morning game. After
the cyclone of the afternoon It will never
more be thought of.
Fred Swanton and his band of 200 fa
■ from the seashore invaded the
giand stand early ana every one of tnom
endured all the agonies of irreclaimable
cranks. They were attacked with cold
feet, hemorrhages and delirium by turns;
their whoops, howls and groans shatter
ing the Sabbath into a million fragments,
Their boisterous conduct when they were
making any noise at all Jarred on the
nerves of the 7800 loyal San Franciscans
present, but on the occasions that the
focal p'Oters had a chance to applaud they
inded with such enthusiasm that
Swanton went to his hotel with such a
n< adache. It was a wildly demonstrative
crowd. The grand .stand was filled, while
the blr-acherß at both ends were crowded
nearly the full length.
And such a game! For five Innings not
a run was made, but In the sixth the lo
cals broke the ice with one tally, which
■was offset by Santa Cruz in their half.
Then the latter took the lead with two
runs and scored again in the eighth. San
Francisco did nothing more until the
I ninth, when they hammered in two runs j
I and came within an ace of tying the
score. It was the fastest finish seen here
in many years and everybody actually
felt relieved when the trouble was all
over. To give due credit to all the men
who did good work would be to mention
every player Individually, but Pace de
serves special credit, i'or he went into the
game with the nail of his right forefinger
ready 10 drop off and a digit on his left
hand that looked like a stewed prune.
Nevertheless he caught the string out
and made a couple of phenomenal catches
on foul flies, besides throwing to bases
with his usual speed and accuracy.
Fireman Fitz was not hit hard by the
Lobsters, but their hits came at oppor
tune times, while Frisco's six hits were .
scattered through the last four Innings.
Fitz fielded his position as it is si Idom
fielded and had it not been for a brace of
errors by Sullivan a different tale might
have been told.
The locals opened up in the sixth, when
Pyne was given his base, was sacrificed
to sec-nil by Krug and brought home by
Rilev's double. Devereaux did likewise
for Santa Cruz in its half, by pushing out
a double, advancing on Pace's long fly to
i-.-ntrr and scoring on a short passed ball.
In the seventh the lobsters picked a
couple, after Frisco's chame had been
spoiled by a beautiful double play. \\ Itn
I one out Kleibi-r was safe on bulhvan s
fumble of his grounder, and stole Becond.
Burge's double put him across the rubber.
The~ latter tried for third and made it.
! but would have been out bad Riley held
the ball. Drennan hit a long fly out to
Muller and "Monkey" beat the ball to the
p!ate The visitors clinched the game in |
; the eighth, Streib getting a single, taking
second on Kleiber's out, and scoring on 1
1 Sully's second bungle.
When the locals came to bat in the
; ninth the excitement was Intense, for al
though they had not been able to score in
the eighth they had made two hits off
Donlin and the crowd opened up their
i lungs for the purpose of rattling the lob- j
! sters. They succeeded in a measure, for
' Hilderbrandt, the first man up. was given
his base. A mighty shout went up from
the local far..-, while Swanton s deli ■-■>-
- tion nearly broke tb« backs off their seal -
i trying to "pull the ball over the plate.
Muller smashed a hot one to Sausage
Kleiber, which fatty made a wonderful
pick-up of. ,He threw to Williams, forc
ing- Hilderbrandt at second, amid the
wild howls of the Santa Cruz contingent,
for the San Franciscan? had become pain
fully silent. They opened up an instant
later, when Williams threw the ball ten
feet over Clark's head in trying to com
plete a double play. Muller went to sec
ond and scored on O'Neill's single, The
crowd forgave Tip all bis past errors then
and there, while Swanton was threatened
With heart failure. Pandemonium broke
loose when Swindells cut loose a 4 double, ,
scoring Tip. Donlin was perceptibly agi
tated for the moment and gave Fitzpat
rick a pass, at which the shouts of the
populace were redoubled. Pyne was given
an ovation, but the best he could do was
to drive one to Kleiber. who tielrled Fitz
out at second. It was the Santa Cruz
crowd's turn to breathe then, while a
lull came in the local fans' demonstra
tions. It was only a lull, for Krug was
encouraged by the mob to "tear the hide
off'm it. Krug is the safest batter in the
team and had made but one hit during the
game, so it seemed as though he must
find Donlin for one punch. The cranks
opened up their batteries on Donlin again,
but the temporary agitation that had
seized him had passed and although a hit
meant the loss of the game with two men
on bases, he was steady as a rock, pitch
ing as he had never pitched before. Three
of those awful inshobts that looked a
yard wide when they started but cut the
inner corner of the plate were handed up
to Krug and he could not find them. The
best batter In the team had struck out
and Santa Cruz was In first place. The
scores of the two games are as follows:
MORNING GAME.
BAN FRANCISCO.
AH. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
p.™, c f 5 0 1&000
Kn£ • 1 4 2 3 o*2l
Mi.'v V b 3 110 3 2 0
SulHvan. 1 b 3 0 2 0 10 0 0
Hilderbrandt, r. f... 4 0 0 1 l 0 0
Muller. I. f i 1 0 0 3 1 0
O Neil. 2 b 3 10 10 0 2
Swindells, c 3 1 0 0 3 0 0
Iberg. P * 1 1 _»_»_<•_«
Totals 29 1 1 2 24 9 3
BANT A CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams. 2 b 4 12 0 0 2 0
I'.onlin, c. f 4 2 2 0 4 1 0
Devereaux, 3 b...... 4 0 10 0 0 1
Pace c 4 0 0 16 2 0
! Clark. 1 b 4 0 0 0 3 10
Streib, 1. t 4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Kleiber, s. ■ 4 0 0 0 6 2 1
Burne r. I 2 2 10 3 0 0
Daubenbls. p... 4 0 1 0 0 J J.
Totals 34 5 9 1 24 10 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Pan Francisco 0 5 0 0 10 0 I—7
Base hits 1 10 0 2 0 2 1-7
Santa Cruz 1 3 0 0 0 0 1 0-5
Base hits 1 3 10 0 0 3 1-9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lberK. 4: Daubenbis, .".
Home run— Riley. Three-base hit— Uonlln. Two
base hits— Donlln, Streib, Kruß. Firbt base on
error?— San Francisco. 2: Santa .Cruz, :i. First
base on called balls— San Francisco, S; Santa
Cruz, 2. L*ft on bases— San Francisco, 4; Santa
Crui, 7. Struck out— By Iberg, 3; by Dauben
bls> 3. Hit by pltrher— Krug. Passed ball-
Pace Time of game- 1:50. Umpire— Cahlll.
Official scorer— H. S. McFarlln.
AFTERNOON GAME.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. UH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pvne, c. f 4 10 110 0
Krug. s. s 4 0 1113 0
Rlley, 3 b 4 0 10 12 1
Sullivan, 1 b 4 0 0 0 17 0 2
Hllderbrandt, r. f... 2 0 0 0 0 10
Muller, 1. f 3 10 0 3 0 0
O'Neil. 2 b 4 12 0 18 0
Swindells, c 4 0 1 1 0 0 f>
Fitzpatrlck, p 3 0 1 0 0 C 0
Total* 32 3 fi 3 24 20 3
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, 2b 4 0 1 0 4 2 1
Donlln. P 3 0 1 0 1 5 0
Devereaux. 8 b 3 1 2 0 0 4 1
Pace, c 3 0 0 0 4 1 0
I Clark. 1 b 3 0 1 0 10 1 1
Strr:b. 1. f 4 110 10 1
Kleibsr. s. s 4 1 0 1 2 4 ft
Burse, r. f 4 1 1 0 2 0 0
lirennan, c. t 4 0 1 0 3 0 0
Totals 32 4 8 1 27 17 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 2—3
Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 112 2—o
Santa Cruz •. ..0 0 0 0 0 12 1 fc— «
Base hits 1 0 1 0 0 2 3 1 •— 8
KTMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Donlin, 2. Two-base
hits— Drennan, Rlley, I levereaux, O'Nell Burg<>
Swindells. Sacrifice hits— Donlin. Clark, Krug]
Muller. First ba«=e on errors— San Francisco, 3-
Santa Crua, 2. First base on called balls— 6aa
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 29, 1899.
Francisco. 4. Left on bases-San Francisco, 9;
P-inta Cruz. 8. Struck out— By Donlin. 3. Hit
by pitcher— Dcvereaux. Pace. Double play-
Devereaux to Clark to Kleiber. Passed ball-
Swindellß. Time of (?ame-l:3o. I mpire—Ca
hill. Official scorer— Stapleton. . .
Sacramento Again Defeated.
W.ATSONTILLE, May 28.— Knpp s prize
lot of statesmen again fell victims to the
superior prowess of Struve'a galaxy of
sugar beets to-day. At the beginning of
the seventh inning, lac score was 2 to 1
in favor of the Statesmen, but in that
inning their infield was cut to pieces and
wild throws and fumbles were the order
for a few minutes. As a result of the bad
wreck Watsonville piled up three pegs.
The lead the Sugar Beets had secured
could not be overcome and at the end the
score srood 5 to :'. against the Statesmen.
The battery work of both nines was su
perb. Outside of their battery the Pacra
mentans need lots of fixing. The score:
WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 3t> 5 1 1 0 0 1 1
McCarthy, s. ■ 3 10 14 2 1
Courtney, c. f 3 2 10 10 0
Selna, 1 b 3 110 6 0 0
Flake. 2 b 4 0 10 2 10
Morrow, c. 4 0 2 0 10 2 0
Hayes, 1. t 3 0 0 0 3 0 1
Rice, r. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Harper, p 4 0 0 0 .0 1 0
Totals 32 5 6 1 27 7 3
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Murphy, 1 b 3 110 9 0 2
Harvey,* r. i 4 OX 0 l 0 0
D rte r 3 n ° 1 l ' n
KaKari. B. s 3 0 0 0 4 2 2
Stanley, c. t. 4 0 0 0 7 3 0
Stulta, 2 b 3 1112 2 1
Mrl.auphltn. 3 'b.'.'.Y. 4 0 0 0 0 12
Shanahan, 1. t 3 0 10 2 " 0
Sheehan. c. t 4 1 0 0 0 J) J
Totals 31 3 4 2 27 9 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Watsonvllle 1 0 0 0 10 3 0 o—s
Base hits 1 0 112 10 0 0-6
Sacramento (> " - ''' 0 0 0 0 I—3
Base hits 1 0 10 0 0 10 1-4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle, 1. Two-base hit
— Phanahan. Three-base hit— Morrow. Sacri
fice hit— Eagan. Bases on balls— Watsonville
6 Sacramento. 4. Hit by pitcher— Rl-" Btruci
out— By Harper, S; by Doyle, 6. L*-ft on base;
— WatsonvMe, 7: Sacramento, 6 WiM ptu-h-
Harper. Time of game— l:4s. Umpire—O'Cun
nell. Scorer— T. A. Peckham.
San Jose Squelches Oakland
SAN JOSK. May 2S.— By fine playing and
team work the San Joses won the second
game from the Oaklands to-day by a
score of 6 to 1. It was like pulling teeth
for the Oaklands to make a run. and the
San Joßeans an- now of the opinion that
they have struck a permanent Winning
There was a large attendance. The
store:
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
llr-Gueken. c. f 5 1 1 1 3 0 0
L.-ako. g. s 5 0 11111
Graham, r. f 4 1 1 2 2 0 0
Anderson, 2 b 4 110 8 6 0
Dalrymple, 1. f 4 1 1 1 1 0 0
Hanl"n. 1 b 4 1 1 0 10 0 0
■,3 b 4 1 1 0 4 3 0
Andrews, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 r >
Kent, o 3 0 1 0 3 0 0
Totals 37 6 8 5 27 11 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Ponovan. of 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Schmeer, s. a 4 1 1 1 2 4 1
I.:ir,i.->\ 3 b 4 0 10 2 2 1
Hammond, c 4 0 19 8 2 1
Peeples. 2 b 3 0 2 12 11
Johnston, 1 b.. 2 0 0 0 6 0 2
I'linleavy, If. & 1 b. 4 0 0 0 9 0 1
Hardie, r. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
M hkiman, p 3 0 0 0 1 2 1
Totals 30 1 6 2 27 11 S
KINS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Jose 3 1 2 0 0 0 n 0 o—6
Rase "hits 3 1 S 1 0 0 0 0 O— R
Oakland 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 o—l
Base hits o 0 13 0 0 10 1-^6
SUMMARY.
Run? responsible for— Mnsklman. 3; Andrew?,
1. Two-base hits— Kent, Anderson, O'Dea.
Struck out— By Andrews, 3; by Moskiman, 2.
Bases nn balls— By Andrews, t', by Mi Hkiman,
1. Faoriflce hit— Anderson. Hit hy pit
!■ • nn. Graham. Left on bases- Pan Jo?e, 6;
Oakland. 7. Wild pitches— Mosklman, 7. Double
plays -Ol>en m Hanlon; O'Oea to Anderson to
Hanlon. Umpire — Rube Levy.
Game To-Morrow.
To-morrow afternoon. Decoration Day
San Francisco and Sacramento will plaj
a regular championship game at Recrea^
tlon Park, beginning at 2:30 o'clock.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY LEAGUE.
Bakersfield and Fresno Teams Win
Baseball Games.
BAKERSFIELD, May 2s.— The first
game In Bakersfield of the San Jo&quln
Valley League was played to-day be
i tween the Selma and Bakersfield nines.
I It was almost free from errors and the
: playing was fast and good. The score
was tied in the first half of the seventh
, inning. Selma getting in two runs when
the score stood 8 to 6. Then no run was
scored until the last half of the eighth,
when Bakersfield piled up five runs by
hard batting, assisted by an error on the
part of the visitors. A number of unpop
ular decisions were rendered by both ur
n! nlres. Implre White gave Miller first
I base in violation of rule 50 when Miller
I ran into and knocked down a Belma field
; er who was attempting to field a batted
' hall on the first base line. The features
! of the game were Miller's fielding for the
home team and the clever work of the
visiting battery. The sore by innings:
Selma l 0208020&— 9
Bakersfleld 0 4 0 2 2 0 0 5 o—l3
FRESNO, May 28.— The first game of
; baseball on the home grounds tinder the
' auspices of the San Joaquin Valley
I League was played this afternoon be
| tween the Fresno and Portervllle teams.
; The locals won as they pleased. Score:
R. H. E.
Frr=r.n , 23 20 2
Portervllle 8 10 S
BiUtories— Monrc and Swarts; Davis and
! Truner.
At Ryan's Handball Court.
It was an enthusiastic audience which
filled the pallery at Phil Ryan's handball
erurt, 85S Howard street, yesterday after
noon.
The card that drew the greatest atten-
I tion was the single-handed bout between
■ Tom Finn and Dan O'Brien. These two
playen have in the past each made scores
: almost unparalleled In local courts, and
! when it was known that they would strip
for a single-handed ko lovers of the game
1 flocked to Ryan's to witness some good
play. In this there was no hippiulrnm>'
< work cut out, as Finn's left hand drives
simply astonished, not only his adversary
I but those who were onlookers. O'Brien
v. ;is defeated by .the score of 21—19, 16—21
, 21—11. The other scores were:
\ J. Dowlintf ami I!. Clements defeatf-d \v. Has
s=ell and M. MiiKuire. Score, 21— ID 10—21
I 21—17.
B. Clements and A. Collins defeated \V <\,|.
! llns and K. Antron. Score, 21— IS. 19—21, 21—17
French game, with a bat] about the size of a
i baseball— Gracian BaJlaberry and Juan Echepar
j defeated J. B, I^axagur and Jose Echeverrea
| Score, 50 to 2l> aces.
I*. Herrin and M. J. Stokes defeated J
: Casey and P. Foley. Score, 21—9. 12—21, 21 1.1
E. Harry and R. Housman defeated P Ryan
and 3. Kirby. Score. 21—16. 11—21, 21—13.
D. Johnson and E. Barry defeated J. Condon
and T. T#ach. Score, 21—13. 17—21, 21 — 14.
C. Basch and Terry McManus defeated M
Berwln and P. Basch. Score, 21—18, 12—21
, 21-13.
E. Toy and M. Maguire defeated J. White
. and E. Curley. Score. 21—19, 14—21. 21—13.
J. C. Nealon and A. Hampton defeated J
rtlordan and J. Harlow. Score, 21—12, 18—21
NATIONAL BIRD
COMES TO GRIEF
AT SCHUETZEN
Eagle Shoot of the
Verein Eintracht.
BARBROCK IS CROWNED KING
ONE MORE CONTESTANT FOR
THE DIAMOND MEDAL.
Thirty-Second Annual Picnic of the
Association Draws an Im
mense Crowd to Maria
Shores.
J. F. Barbrock is a -"king" and the j
proudest member of the Verein Eintracht
Schuetzen section in San Francisco. Aided ■
i first by chance in drawing a lucky num- I
ber and then by a steady nerve when his ■
oportunity came, he has succeeded in •
< knocking the last remnant of a wooden
I eagle off the top of a 50-foot pole in the j
great annual "king" shoot of the Verein j
! Eintracht held yesterday at Schuetzen
Park. In his ears still echo the musical
strains of applause welling from the
throats of on-looking thousands, and in
his pockets jingle the material results of
his feat.
But the day was a red-letter occasion
for more than one man— there were just
eleveji of them in all. What cared R.
Stettin for Barbrock's feat, or Hartmann,
! or Chris Schroeder? Didn't each of them
demolish a piece of that American bird's
anatomy? Certainly, and not a lucky I
rifleman but did not insist that his was
not the most creditable feat of the day. I
There were fully 2000 people at Fred
Schumann's hostelry yesterday before the
noon hour, as two great attractions were
crowded into one of Barnum's "aggrega
tions"—the thirty-second annual picnic of
the Verein Eintracht and the annual
' "king" shoot of the Verein Entracht
Schuetzen Section. The latter was the.
Chief drawing card and little was done in
| the way of dancing or playing games un
; til it was finished.
In its mouth the eagle held a ring, in
one claw a scepter and in the other an |
■ apple, while on its head a crown symbo- j
; lized the nature of the event. The skill
of J. Kickert caused the loss of the ring
! first of all. but ft took from 11 a. m. to !
! 4 p. m. to pierce the heart of the bird and j
end the contest. s The eagle is alleged to
have died "game."
The members all drew tickets to deter
mine their positions and then began to
pop away. Barbrock's feat was lustily \
I cheered and the other ten winners were
i not slighted. In detail, the winners and
: their deeds wero as follows:
J. F. Barbrock ("king") first, shot the
! last piece away; K. Stettin second, shot
the crown off the eagle's head; J. Hart
mann third, knocked the scepter from a
claw; Chris Schroeder fourth. knocked the
apple from the other; J. Rlckert fifth,
smashed the ring; C. Suehrstedt sixth, de
stroyed the head; C. F. Over seventh,
broke the right wing; Captain F., A.
Kuhls eighth, broke the left wing; M.
Dieckert ninth, broke the right leg; C.
' Ellinger tenth, broke left leg: C. yon
Hartwig eleventh, smashed the tail.
After the eagle was defunct the shoot
j was continued and the marksmen, all of
whom continued to class in the •• "king"
shoot, acquired position according to the
excellence of their scores, as follows:
R. Spahr, twelfth, Si; H. Gumbel, thir
teenth,.49; C. Over, fourteenth, 48; F.
Binner, fifth, 44: J. Zahn, sixteenth, 40;
Charles Gumbel. seventeenth, 40; C.
Muller, eighteenth, 37; J. Jung, nineteenth,
3; A. Winner, twentieth. 36; H. Schweiger,
twenty-first. 33; G. Schmidt, twenty-sec- i
', ond, 31; W. Stroh, twenty-third, 25: J. j
Rohrer, twenty-fourth. 19; L. Scheib,
twenty-fifth, 19;. E. Jessen, twenty-sixth,
: 17; O. Thiele. twenty-seventh, 13; H.
; Schroeder, twenty-eighth, 10.
Charles Over made the first best shot
with a score of 23, placing himself among
I the few who will contest for the $150 dia
i mond medal. To become the property
i of any one man he must. win it in five an
i nual contests. V.- ; .-. :
The day at the park was enjoyably
spent by the members of the Verein Ein
tracht in dancing, games and wandering
in small parties over the hillsides. It was
late in the evening when the last train i
load left the park with three rousing
cheers for the day, the t organization.
i President A. Becker and "King", Bar
brock. .'
The committee of arrangements was
j composed of President A. Becker, Vice
President A. Winner, Secretary G. Hof- |
, fenhoffen, C. Muller and John Peck. Music '
i was furnished for the occasion by Yon
der Maden's brass band.
LENGFELD IS KING.
Eagle Shoot of the Krieger
Verein a Success.
Thore was targrt shooting galore yes
terday at -Shell Mound Park and the
ranges wc-re patronizod by enthusiastic
marksmen from early morning till nearly
dark.
The light was not favorable for good
scoring, but it did not prevent J. E. Gor
man of the Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol
Club from making a fine record with the
pistol at fifty yards on the standard
American target. In five consecutive
phots he made 92, 92, 94, 90, 93— total 461.
This score is within three of the world's
record, now held by E. E. Partridge of
Chicago.
The eagle shoot of the Deutscher Krie
ger Verein excited a great deal of inter
est, and when Max Lengfeld brought
down the last piece of the huge wooden
bird he was crowned king amid much
enthusiasm.
The uniformed members to the number
of thin y-livi went over on the 9 o'clock
boat and began the attack on. the eagle
at 11 o'clock. It was 5 o'clock before the
mnjt-ytic bird was entirely brought to
earth.
The prizes were won In the following or
der, according to the pieces shot down:
Crown, K. Sc.hnutenhaus; scepter, Louis
Laubscher; apple. Charles Moritzen; ring,
John Bender; neck, F. Kaiser; left wing,
<;<"rge Hetzel; right wing, C. Wegge
mann, left claw, F. Muehle; right claw,
and tail. L. Ijaubscher; last and king shot,
M. Lengfeld.
Following are the scores of the day:
Rod Men's Sohuetzen Company monthly
modal shoot: Champion class, not won — First
class, William Drossier, 357; second class.
George Heuer, 302; third class, Captain Henry
Grieb, 345; fourth clasp, E. Zompel, 254; first
best Phot, H. Grieb, 24; last best shot, Wil
liam Dressier, 19.
Pan Francisco Srhuptzen Verein monthly
bullaeyc shoot: F. Brandt. IS7; H. Llnken
dey, 222: D. B. Faktor, 881; N. Ahrens. 621;
IX Palneld, 640; F. P. Schuster, 645; H. Hel
hprjr. 721; A. Pape. 732; D. Helse. 776; J. C.
Waller. 7M ; A. I/aramer, K75: H. Zecher, 1131;
O. Lemcke. 1173; L. Haak<\ 1180; F. Koch 1189
--.J.-hn da Witt. 1417: H. Stelllng. 1446; J. Lanke
nau, 1597; I. Gefken, 1S18: D. Duncker. 2320.
Ormania monthly bullseye phoot: D. B
Faktor. 385: P. Helse. 4^3 ; L. Haake. 694; J
Gefknn, ICi ; J. F. Hrldßes. S7S; H. Helling
1040; H. Llnkendey, 1049; A. Jungblut. 1145- D
Saltleld. 1146.
Competition for cash prizes: W. Ahrens, 71;
F. Schuster, 70; P. B. Faktor. 70; P. Mc
l-,aiiKh]in, 69; A. Jungblut, 69.
Bushnell medal spores: F. P. Schuster, 212'
D. B. Faktor, 215; D. McLaughlln, 215.
Oolden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club: Pistol
scores— F. E. Mason, 93; D. W. McLaugh
lin. 83.
Rifle scores made in team matches: F E
Mason, 2ifi, 216. 2ir,, BB; E. Jacobson, 212 195'
ir<l; T>. W. Mclaughlin. 230, 225. 217; j. j;
Gorman, 226, 205. 205: J. F. Bridges, 197, 193-
O. Bremer, 223, 210. 213: E. N. Moore, 210 2o»'
200; O. Wonner, 171. 166, 173; F. W. Belknap'
163, 149.
Mission Chapter's F^rce.
Mission Cnapter No. 155. Order of the
j Eastern Star, which has In its member
ship many members of the Corona Llt
t .erary Club of the Mission, has prepared
1 an original farce, entitled "Mary Ann's
i Predicament," which twenty-nine ladies
■ and gentlemen, members; of the chapter
, will present to their fellow-members and
! friends in Mission Music Hall on the night
j of June 9. The farce will be followed by a
lj>ro£ramme of dancing.
MIX-UP BETWEEN
A MEDICO AND A
LONGSHOREMAN
The Doctor an Adept
at Fisticuffs.
A SURPRISED COAL-HANDLER
SCIENCE VS. BRUTE STRENGTH
AND COURAGE,
After Being Soundly Thrashed, the
Longshoreman Was Taken Into
the Hospital and Fixed Up
by His Conqueror.
There was an impromptu set-to In front
of the Harbor Hospital on last Saturday
night that lovers of the manly art of
self-defense would have given dollars to
witness. It was a question of science
against brute strength, and science "won
in a walk."
Dr. Frank T. Fitzgibbon of the Harbor
Receiving Hospital staff is a noted ath
lete, and his brother medicos frequently
call him "FHzsimmons" for a joke. To
look at the doctor no one would take him
to be a trained boxer, and on Saturday
night a longshoreman evidently sized him
up as a man skilled in the gentle art of
healing only. Now he is wishing that a
mule had kicked him or a basket of coal
had fallen upon him before he went up
against "Fitzsimmons."
The trouble started in a very simple
manner. The longshoreman went to the
hospital to have a slight wound on his
forehead dressed. Dr. Fitzgibbon attend
ed the man and then advised him to go
home. The latter objected to being ad
visrd, and when he got outside the hos
pital began to abuse the doctor and
everybody connected with the establish
ment. Fitzgibbon warned him to go away
and cease making trouble or else he
would be arrested. Instead of going away
the longshoreman aimed a blow that, had
it taken effect, would have placed the
physician in a deep slumber. Ducking
the blow, the doctor cropp-countered the
giant on the jaw and brought him to his
knees. The big fellow was on his feet
again in an instant, and with a roar he
made for Dr. Fitzgibbon. The latter was
ready for him. and in a moment the fight
was on in earnest.
The man' was a? strong as an ox, and
had just enough drink in him to make
him ugly. Rush after rush was stopped
hy straight lefts from the doctor. Once
the latter tripped over an uneven spot on
the planking and fell, but was out of dan
ger In a moment.
A number of men from the Coast Sea
men's Union saw the fracas and. think
ing it was one of their members getting a
beating from a "scab" boarding master,
they went to his assistance, and in a few
minutes a crowd of them surrounded the
doctor and his opponent. The longshore
man made a frantic rush and swung both
arms like the sails of a treadmill. Had he
ever landed it would have been "all day"
with the doctor. The medico, however,
took things coolly, and as the towering
mass of brawn and muscle came along Dr.
Fitzgibbon side-stepped, and. cross-coun
tering with his right, caught the giant on
the point of the jaw and put him out.
In fact so thoroughly was he out that he
hnd to be carried into the hospital and re
vived on the operating table. Mr. Long
shoreman then took Dr. Fitzglbbon's ad
vice and went home a sadder, sorer but
wiser man. The only marks of the set-to
carried by the doctor are a set of skinned
knuckles and a slight Injury to the palm
of the left hand.
■ i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
I /*% §
Em 1 a
DOCTOR SWEANY.
■-I RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND VITAL-
** Ity to weak men. Organs of the body
which have been weakened through disease,
overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are restored
to perfect health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment. RUPTURE
cured by his new method, without knife, truss
or detention from work; a painless, sure and
permanent cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele.
■welling and tenderness of the glands treated
with unfailing success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD
POISON In any of its stages thoroughly
eradicated from the system. LADIES will re-
ceive special attention for all their many ail-
ments. WRITE If you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send you a
valuable book, "Guide to Health." free of
charge. Address F. L. SWEANY. M. D.. 737
Market street, San Francisco. Cal.
Dealers
SHOULD CARRY A
COMPLETE LINE OF
BASE BALL
jpaiUingS foot BALL
Tradp- GOLF
lidlie- TENNIS
Mart cricket
Iliai IV CROQUET
AthletlC ATHLETICS
Allllwllt UNIFORMS
SflimiieV- sweaters
JUppilwa boxing
ALWAYS A DEMAND FOR THEM.
WRITE FOR OUR CATALOGUE.
A. G. SPALDING & BROS.,
New York. Chicago. Denver.
- SAN FRANCISCO.
I," -, i . i Wholesale Only.
35 NEW MONTGOMERY ST.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS^
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p.' tn
dally (excepting Sunday). v
CALIFORNIA. NAY. AND. IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
fOB I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15,' 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. ~ Landing and office. > Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. ■ Telephone Main 1508. .'•
- TCT * TJTM -' - - (a
. ■: X AiCJjJ 4Afc«J ■■..^..K.td^ nir , MM( , tl) Ji(>H -
LIST OF PRIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
OF THE
LOTTERY
BENEFICENCE PUBLIGA.
BENEFIGENCIA PUBLIC!
The 124 th ordinary monthly drawing. Class
E, drawn in the City of Mexico on May 25,
1899. v.t; ./?:Vn
Special Notice— public is cautioned to
beware of concerns claiming to operate lot-
teries in the City of Mexico or at any other
point in the Republic of Mexico, as all such
concerns are fraudulent. The Lottery of the
Beneflcencia Publica is the only one authorized |
and indorsed by the Mexican National Govern-
ment. Beware of spurious . imitations and see
that all tickets are signed by A. Castillo,
Intervenor, and U. Bassettl, Manager, as none
others are genuine.
No. Prize. |No*. Prize. |No. Prize.
11 20 33 20 36 40
157 40; 171 ■ 20 225 20
226 4" 2?" 20 287 10')
270 20 381 40 395 100
423 ' 40p 690 40 596 4') |
€14 40 J6M 20 820 20 j
1049 40 IOW 40 1 1452 20 |
1517........ 40 1637 20 1938 20
1952 100 I*B6 20 2011 40
2029 40, 2048 20, 2172 500
2365 20 2610 20 1 2683 20
2799 20 2924 i 200; 3014 20
3204 40 3717 20 4043 100
4179 500 4431 200 4522 20
4680 20. 4604 20 4771 40
4521 20 ! 4826 200, 5007 20
6066 20 5195 20 5259 40
5337 40, 5395 20 5482 40
5592 4015667 100 1 6553 20 j
6893 40 6002 100 j 6081 20,
6112 40 j 6205 20 1 6307 40
6368 100 ; 6482 200 64S>8 40
6539 20 6604 20 1 6609 20
6769 :. 20 6787 20 6523 40
7015 40 7058 20 7072 100
7091 500 7167 100 1 71S0 20
7218 20 7304 20 j 7308 20
Z343 40 7432 20 1 7672 20
7722 40, 7877 20 7932 20
7933 1001 8055 40 8107 100
8174 20 8294 20( 8637 20
8736 20 8743 20 8763 20
8783 20 8881 ■ 40 1 8915 20
9025 ... 40 9031 40 1 9513 40
9076 100 9754 20 9821 40
9841 20 9849 20
10033 100 10150 20 10169 100
10225 40 10252 2010367 500
10569 100,10646 40 10726 20
10743 40,10753 20J10903 40
10917 20:10980 11055 40
11104 20111258 20 11264 20
11268 40 11349 20 11373 40
11468 20 11471 20 11520 500
11798 20 11903 40 11931 20
12455 ... 12541 20 12670 100
12680 20112720 ...... 200,12816 40
12878 40 12888 20 12893 20
12939 40112989 100 13121 20
13153 20 13223 20 13225 20
13397 40J13409 40 13530 40
13535 100 13570 20 13753 40
14021. 20 14100 40 14208 100
14270 40 14297 20 14426 20
14460 100 14509 20 14572 20
14759 20 14781 40|14532. ....... 20
15055.. 40 15071 40 15104. 20
15239 20 15254. 4015278 40
15287 20 15538 40-15684 20
15720 40 16747 20 15587 100
15925 20 15947 ,2015952 40
16279 40116396 20 16625 40
16645 20 16681 100 16715 40
16738 20 16749 100 168S0 20
16927 20 17006 40)17357 40
17414 20 17521 100 17558 20
17569 2017577 20 17626 2)
17700 40 17852 40 17886 20
17931 40 18138 100 182 20
18314 20|153i4 40:i5476 20
18537 100 18559 20|18781 20
18947 20 19179 20|19301 20
19365 200 19658 40,15598 20
19626. 20 19874 ' 40 1
20000 20 20010 20 20020 20
20045 ; 2020099 20,20802 20
20355 - 20 20402 40 20785 40
20842 ' 40 20949 40 ; 21041 20
21048 40121113 21342 40
21528 ' 20121602 -1..14 40
22037 40122062 40 22130 20
22139... 20:22179 40 223?4 20
22335 40 22475 20122483 20
22541 4022820 20 22864.: 40
2"572 ..... 20 23084 20 23208 20
23358." 20 23367........ 20 23467 20
23516 40 23621 20 23959 20
24118 20 24205 20 24243.- 40
24272... 20:24300 20,24347 20
24358 100 24361.. 4024379 20
24460 20 24563 40 24711 40
24862 40:24587 100 24596 20
25016 20125020 20025022 40
25136 4025144 100 25170 20
25381 20 26425....:... 20 : 25541 20
25621 40125680 25710 20
25752 40 25809 40125879 ...20
25953 2025989 20 26175 20
26210 40 26250 20 26287 20
26331 20 26377........ 40126417 20
26440........ 100 26449 20 26480 ... 20
26840 .-40 26876 20 26318 20
26999 20 27019..: 200 27180 20
27194 20 27288 20 27384 20
27433 1000 27469 20,27486 20
27594 20 27730 20,27746 ;. 20
27907 40:27965 20 28067 40
28132 40 28159 20 28232 40
25308 4028318 -20 28421........ 20
28438 . 20 28463........ 20 28621........ 200
25566 100 28767 ,20 ! 28816 200
29143 ... 20' 29352 40 29614. 20
29623 20 29679 20 29711 ...... 40
'29719 2029830 100
30030 20 30221 20 30277 . 20
30309 - 20 30364 20 30398 100
30431. .....?. 20 30763 40 30810 40
31091 „ 100 31131 - 40 31189........ 20
31736 20 31751 40 31780 100
31797 20 51806... 40 81919 20
32040.' ' 40 ! 32066 20 32410... ~i 20
32496 20 32625 20 32695 40
32578 20;32957 20 32980 40
33018 4033248 100 33254 20
33414 20 33434 40 33535 40
33703 10033716 2088886 20
33933 20 33966 20 34907. ...—. 100
34116 2034261 20 34268 20
34350 ~ 100134364 20 34491 20
34566 .... 20 34623 40 34689 40
34702 ♦ 20 34726 20 34863 20
35062 20 36069 20 35106 40
85199........ 20 35216 20 35315.. 40
35350". 20186681 20 35749 40
35760 20 35872 40 35909 ' 20
36027 20 36080 40 36090 20
36206 40 36213 100 36295 100
36296 20 36379 20 36608 40
36586 203671S 100 36747 20
36769 20 36811 37037 100
87130 20 37251 20 37291 40
37307 100 37328 20 87337 20
37421 4037503 20 37573 20
37584 100 37663.-. 20 37685 20
37778 -.. 40 37792 20 37864 29
37993 20 88070 40!55273 40
38348 20138463 20 38487 20
88555 100:38569 40 38614 40
38620 40'35»28 20 38974 20
39009 20 39019 20 39213 100
39395 20 39409 200 39471 20
39481 20 39517 40 39548 40
39688 40 39697 200 39732 40
39531 200 39839 20189980 100
40102 20 40171 20 49459 .49
40462 20 40466 100140746 40
40756...:.... 20 40855 40 40926 40
41031 40 41481 40 41539 100
41577 40 41621 20 41725 20
41781 40 41893 20 42258 20
42322 40 42422 20 42508 20
42772 20142835 40 42874........ 40
42985 20 43123 20 43248 20
43298 100 43399 40 43120 20
43718 100 43764 20143835 200
43846 20 44058 44073........ 20
44087 20 44151 200 44253... 40
44496 40 44514 20 44825 60000
44861 500 45561 ..100 45856 20
45882 20 46119 100 46271 40
46312 20146458 40 46697 40
46609 20146641 40 46660 20
46732 100 46902 46945 40
46974 40 47066 20 47125 100
47298 20 47385 40 47388 10000
47516 40 47756 20 47808 -20
47836 40 47865 20 47898 20
47906 20 45019 20 48110 20
45284 20 48321 100 48426 20
48130 200 48501 4014R560 100
48693 100 48755 40 48877 20
48882 20 48932 40 48938 40
48946 20 48963 4049009 100
49235....:... 40 49307 20 49714 40
4980*....:... 40 49922........ 20 49963 100
50011 190 50136 20 50159 40
60173 100 50223 200150268 20
50301 200 50331 40 50389 100
60647 20|50544 20 51154 1000
61296 20 51579... 40 l 61830...*.... 20000
61586 2051856... 20 51955 20
51968 20 52044 20 62208 40
62369 20 52507 .20 ! 52754 40
52834 20 52927 40 53058 100
53064 20 53116 20! 53317 40
53455 :. 20 53574 40 53630 20
53648 20 53720 100 53761 20
63805 100 53937 40 54059........ 40
MU7 40 54185... 40 54293 20
54405 20 1 54502 20 54646 40
6465S 40 54754 20 '.4776 40
64936 20 54964 40 55031.. 20
55088 10055U7 100 65480 20
65531 20 55590 200 55935.'....... 20
56044 2056133 100 56137 20
56192 100 56200 40 56470 20
86599 40 66669 40 58766 40
67182 20 57222........ 20 57260 10
57256 40157397 800 67431... JOO
67609 20 57710 40 57758........ 20
68030 • 100 58056 20 6*129 40
58213 401R8253 100 58372.. 20
58409 20 58444 20 55607 20
58625 20 58640.. 20 58693........ 20
58717. ;. 58735 20 58766 100
65817... 20 58869 100|58876........ 20
f,5907 .... 20159177 20 69375........ 40
59441 40159614........ 20 59895.. 20
59835 20 59970 20 59998 40
60049... 20160212.. 40 60279 100
60257 40|60296 20160346 40
'60357........ 40160405 20 60611 20
,60728....:... 40:60800 ....... 40 6097S :.. 20
61013 40 61070 20 61071 20
61202.. 20 61252 20161338 20
51855 20 61452 40 61450 20
61515........ 20'fi1523 8061663 100
61585 40'.6173l 20 61924 40
6192S 20 62421 80 62139 20
62479 L'0:«2692 ...... 20 62752 100
62851: 40162951 4062971 20
62096 4016.1022 1000163267 100
63279 100 63408.-.; 20 1 63560 100
63637........ 1001638.12 20 63850.. 40
63975 40164015........ 20 64046 ..20
I tiifiJL...... eoifiusa.oMMn aoiawbij........ ; l 20
LIST OF PRIZES.
No. Prize. No. Prtze.'.No. Prize.
64480 20 64604 20 64670 1000
64757 .... 20 64774 20 64902 40 -\
65191 20 65253 20165358 20 Jk
65384 20 65422 40 65442 20 f
65505 20 65634 • 40 65650 20
65657 100|65685 100|65507 40 .
65846 20,65882 100 65908 20
66142 20[66151 40 66240 100
66390 40 ; 66392 40|66663 40
66700 40 67120.. 20167130 20
67150 40 67185 20167225 .. 20
67357 20|67721 20J67506 200
68144 100J65254 20 >>.>2S2 20
68828 4068567 20 68587 100
68854 20 69139 20:69331 .: '9
69347 20 69426 20|65534 200
69661 40|6%95 20 69701 200
69728 ' 2069937 40 69945 . 20
70036 20,70217 20:70452 20
70517 4070674 20 70681 20
70692 20170756 20 70789 40
70522 4070862 40171074 W
71113 4071213 2071211 2>'j
71302 20 71313 500 71640 10$
71719 4071872 40 71884 2*
72176 10 72385 40 72511 2«
72610 20|i2702.; 4072536 20
73884 20 73022 20 7310S 2')
73157 100 73166 20:73179 4*
73223 40 73350 20 73492 20
73509 100,73678 20 73805 4,)
78844 10073941 100173867 20
74151 20 74198 » 74250 20
74480 4074552 20174858 40
76060 20 75408 100 75642 .• 2»
75969 10075973 40 76008 20
7G059 500176065 40176284 1)
76350 40 76436 1.76502 20
76557. 2017*613 40|76669 20
76772 20 76809 ' r6850 40
76564.. ...... 20 76918 10 77 84 20
77100 20 77143 40 77310 20
77329 4677354 40 77360 20
77429 20 77514 20 77973 20
77979 20 78042 40178046 49
78056 40 78159 20J78208 10
78220 4078315 100 78348 20
78489 100 78503 40 78505 29
78.--15 2078597 20 78707 20
78688 40 79110 2079147 49
79175 40 79372 100 79583 40
79763 20 75523 1000179857 29
79858.: 20 79900 20 1 79966 20
APPROXIMATION PRIZES. j>
100 numbers from 44775 to 44875 inclusive, be- ,/
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $60,000 — $60.
100 numbers from 51780 to 51SS0 inclusive, be-
ing SO numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $20,000— 540.
100 numbers from 4733S to 47488 inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10,000 120.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
799 numbers ending with 25, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $60,000— 520.
799 numbers ending with 30, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20,000—120.
No. 44825 draws first capital prize of $60,009,
sold in Phoenix, Ariz., Imuala, Gro.
No. 51830 draws second capital prize of $20,000,
sold in Savannah, Ga., Philadelphia, Pa., Chi-
cago. 111., St. Louis. Mo.
No. 47388 draws third capital prize of $10,000,
sold In Guaymas. Son.. Mexico City.
Nos. 27432, 51154. 63022. 64470 and 79823 draw
each $1000, sold in San Francisco, Pal., Ellin-
ger, Tex.. Birmingham, Ala., Cleveland, 0.,
San Francisco, Cal., Brooklyn, N. T.
The regular monthly drawing, No. 125, with
capital prize of $60,000. will take place on June
22. 1899.
Wholes, $4: halves, $2; quarters, $1: eighths,
50 cents; sixteenths, 25 cents, United States
money. ANTONIO PEREZ.
For the Treasury Department.
V. BASSETTI. Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intervpnor.
OCEAN TRA\EL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Lf. Steamers leave Broadway
Wk,. wharf, San Francisco:
I ■■fireißfcfc. or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m. ,
i IBrTwJCTik May 21. 26, 31/ June 5; CQ&n
I|«aK ]iai For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
SSESKj^SEgII C), Port Townßend. Seattle.
r^^ESSal Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m., May 21, 26, 31; June
6. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. By.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Hnmboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. May
19, 24. 29; June I. and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo)
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 20. 24, 28; June 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. May 18. 22. 26. 30; June 3. and every fourth
day thereafter. ' • • -
For Knsenada, Magdalraa Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax, Santa Rosalia
and Ouayraas (Mez.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice Ft earners, sailing dates
and hours of sailing-.
TICKET OFFICE — New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PKRKINS * CO.. Oen. Agta..
10 Market Ft.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARC $12 First Class Including Berths
rMiIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails May 28.
State of California sails May 18, K.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt».
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. .
B. C WARD. General Agent,
630 Market street.
. GOODALL. PERKINS 4 CO..
■ Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW TORS, SOUTHAMPTON LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. , 10 a. in.
New York May 31JNew York Jane 21
St. Paul June 7 St. Paul June 28
St. Louis Junel4iSt. Louis July S
RED STAR LINE,
. f>e^r Yot*t< and Antw«rn.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington May 31 (South wark Jane 21
Noordland June 7 Westemland ...June 28
Friesland June 141 Kensington July 5
EMPIRE LINE
6eattl«. St. Mlcbaal. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pa»-
-• sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, eta No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 17
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July M
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships (^
Sail from New York Every Saturday Jot"
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin -
City of Rome, *35. Other Steamers. »30.
;> .* . Steerage Passage
Roma, 925.50. Furnessla. $24.50. ° Otae*
Strs., 923.50.
For Book of Tours and Information applr to
. HENDERSON BROTHERS. *
General Agents, 7 Bowling Green. New for*.
Or J. F. FUGAZI, 6 Montgomery «t.
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery st,
Or R. B. RITCHIE, 2 4'ew Montgomery at_
BAN FRANCISCO.
fMM||Bng| The S. S. Australia
iJ&IINIE *- 11s for Honolulu
¥ «F«ailfe( Wednesday. May 31.
■ ■ at 2 r m.
nxi>^ I • A aB. S. Alameda sails
isiPaniMlinJ via Honolulu and
(ylCdllDlllU^ Auckland for Sydney
/fimßjmiL Wednesday. June 14.
VyiliPvJltfcr nt 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa New Zealand. Australia. India, Sues,
England, etc. : $610 first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Ants.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAONIB GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. v£j»-
LA TOURAINK. June 24; LA OUNE, July
1. First-class to Havre. $65 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trie Second-class to
Havre *45. 10 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
"HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE. .
NEW YORK- ROTTERDAM. VIA BOU-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(S300). STATENDAM (10.500). First Cabin 150
upward; Second Cabin, $37. -
Saloon Steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM
etc.. $37. -..■-■
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK & SON. Pacific Coast Passenw
▲xnats. 631 Market Street, San Francisco. . _,GLADIATOR WINS
THE OPEN STAKE
AT UNION PARR
Beats Young America
in a Fast Course.
A DAY OF ROYAL SPORT
JUDGE BULL'S DECISIONS ARE
MORE SATISFACTORY.
Dean's Crack Dog Captures the Money
After Heartbreaking Courses.
Narcissus Wins in the
Saplings.
The second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth
-/ -ounds and the final of the open stake
v race were run off yesterday at Union
Coursing Park, and Jimmie Dean's
crack hound Gladiator captured the first
honors. Despite the fact that Gladiator
had been severely bitten on the leg and
neck on. Saturday night by her kennel
mate, Moondyne, the game dog left the
slip with Young America and took near
ly every point in the course. The first
course in the finals was a no go, as
Gladiator lost Bight of the hare after
working him clear across the field. Young
America stayed on the scent, but before
he evened the score Gladiator was beside
him. The final course was exceptionally
exciting on this account.
The sapling stake was carried off by
Narcissus, who literally ran away from
Carmencita after quite a lengthy course.
The hares were unusually swift, the
weather wa^ favorable and the decisions
of Judge Bull were much more satisfac
tory than on the Sunday previous, so all
in all those who journeyed out to the
park enjoyed a day of royal sport.
The betting was exceptionally brisk,
and. as usual, the favorites captured the
bulk of the money.
The short-endera who won were all
short-prioed. Interesting at 2Va to 1 beat
Prince Al, and Rusty Gold at - to l beat
Bylvannis. Soubi ette beat Royal Flush,
on whim odds at 3 to 1 were laid.
The winners of the various rounds of
the stake were as follows:
Second round— Bartel Brothers' Mac's
Melody beat I. J. Healey's Lady
riaire; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs
beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan; F. A.
MoCotnb'a Royal Flush beat Lowe & Thomp
son's Qutckstiteh; John Maher's Soubrette beat
I Russell, Alien & Wilson's Belle Claire; Con
' r.ell Brothers' Long Boy beat Curtis & Son's
McKlnley; Erwln .v 1., us' May Queen beat
Handy A.- Smith.- Dauntless: T. J. Harrington's
Beau Peep beat R. K. de Lopez' SacJiago; J.
lean's Gladiator beat Pasha Kennels' Emln
Pasha: George Sharmann's Wait a Little beat
Aeneld Kennels' Pretender: Lowe & ilhomp
son's St. Oran heat B. R. Scott's Loth Byr< n:
I lo nnis it Porter's Interesting beat Lowe ft
Thompson's Prince Hal: Aeneid Kennels' Maid ,
of Erin beat \V. H. Jones' Prince Jerome; J. '
]•;. Smith's Merced heat J. Kee.nan's Royal
Oak; D. J. Healy's Rusty Gold beat Handy &
Smith's Ivanus; F. Moran's Golden Russet
beat F. A. McComlTs Motto; Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Lady Emma beat Hurley «v- Rellly's
O Capitol; George Kennan's Black Lock beat
George H. Burteind's Pastime; Larkey &
Rock's Myrtle beat Curtis & Son's Commodore;
B. Woods'" Black Night beat Rincon Kennels' ,
Hard Lines; Jerry O'SJiea's Young- America ! .
beat J. Kcenan's Royal Buck; J. H. Perlgro's
Bohe beat F. A. McComb's Fluph; H. A.
Deckelmans Lawrence beat J. H. Perlgo's ■
Belle Seward: J. Dean's Moondyne . beat J.
Byrne's Battleship: P. Hooper's Koolawn beat {
E. M. Kellotrg's Lady Gilmore.
Third round— Rollicking Airs beat Mac's Mcl- 1
ody: Soubrette beat Royal Flush; Long Boy
beat May Queen: Gladiator beat Beau Peep;
Interesting heat Maid of Erin; St. Oran beat
Wait a Little: Rusty Gold beat Merced; Lady
Emma beat Golden Russet: Myrtle beat Black (
Lockf Young America beat Black Night; Bohe
beat Lawrence; lawn beat Moondyne.
Fourth round— Soubrette beat Rollicking Airs;
Gladiator beat Long Boy; St. Oran beat In
teresting; Lady Emma beat Rusty Gold: Young
America beat Myrtle: Bohe beat Koolawn.
Fifth round— Gladiator beat Soubrette; St.
Oran teat Lady Emma: Young America beat
B<-he.
Sixth round— Gladiator beat St. Oran; Young
America beat Lexou, bye.
Final— Gladiator beat Young America.
Sapling stake, fourth round— Curtis & Son's
Cash beat J. Fitzgerald's Fair Lily; Curtis &
Sons Narcissus beat Village Kennels' Craig
Boy.
Fifth round— R. E. de Lopez Carmencita beat
Curtis & Son's" Cash.
Final— Curtis & Son's Narcissus beat R. E.
de Lopez* Carmencita.
COURSING AT LOS ANGELES
LOS ANGELES. May 28.— Despite the
agitation against coursing during thi
cs growing out of the university
annexati"ii election, there was no appre
te falling off in the attendan*
Agricultural Park to-day, even the grand
stand - well filled as usual. Tom
Brennan, formerly of San Francisco, offi
ciated as judge in the absence of Judge
Grace, who is visiting relatives in San
ifisco. It was a tnirty-two-dog open
stake and was won by Lassie Slavs, with
Merry Maiden Becond. Duty third. Or
• pht-um I. ass fourth, th<» rest divided. The
Lass was badly hurt in h<-r last course,
throwing her shoulder out of joint.
A special match between Milano and
Jessie D for %5Q was won by Milano in
straight heats.
MURRAY'S ASSAILANTS
NOT YET APPREHENDED
POLICE WATCHING THREE SUS
PICIOUS CHARACTERS.
[t Is Thought That Two of Them Are
Members of the Crew of a Ves
sel at Oakland.
The officers at the Harbor police sta
tion are still investigating the riot which
W occurred on Vallejo street wharf Satur
pt day night, when Deputy Shipping Master
Murray was flred upon by a gang of
supposed "patrolmen" employed by the
Coast Seamen's Union, and hope to be
able to land me of Murray's assailants
in prison within a very few days.
At first there was some doubt as to who
had fired the first .shots, but the testimony
of a number of disinterested eyewitnesses
places the blame on the sailors. Ser
geant Brophy and Officer Thomas Ellis
have bc-en scouring the front diligently In
hopes of locating some of the men, but so
far their work has borne no fruit. Murray
has furnished good descriptions of the
men, but it is naturally supposed that
they will keep In hiding until the storm
blows over. In the meanwhile the officers
connected with the Harbor police station
have been instructed to watch the "patrol
men" closely and search all who are
known as dangerous men for concealed
weapons.
The big Swede, who is believed to have
been the leader of the onslaught, is sup
posed to live in a house on Sixth street.
near Market. A young man for whom he
has always shown an abnormal affection
•was seen to enter and leave the house
several times yesterday, and he Is being
closely watched, as the two are seldom
very far apart. As a rule they always
room together, and neither one will. ship
unless the other can sign for the same
vessel.
According to the statement of the wit
nesses there were but three men who
handled guns. One is the big Swede re
ferred to and the others, it is thought, are
members of the crew of a deep-water ves
■el now lying at Oakland. A clobo watch
is being kept for these men on both sides
of the bay, and if they are captured they
I will be severely dealt with, provided Mur
m. raj can recognise them, and he claims to
know all of his assailants well by sight,
but not by name. Murray was arrested
and charged with carrying concealed
weapons, but was soon bailed out.
Nobody deplores the occurrence more
than the officers of the Coast Seamen's
Union. They claim that it will do more
to injure their cause than anything else.
Ihe union meets to-night, and it is prob
able that, the entire patrol system will be
changed and a committee appointed to
assist the police in locating the offenders.
FRANEY AND GOFF
"WILL GO THE ROUTE"
Jimmie Franey. the hard-hitting light
' who has made, quite a reputation
limself In Portland and the Xorth
and Charlie Goff. the clever boxer
Who arrived hero a few days ago with
Qua Ruhlin and Billy Madden, were
matched yesterday by the National Club.
1 hey have agreed to box twenty rounds
for a derision some time during the latter
part of next month. The men will meet !
to-day or to-morrow afternoon and sign '
articles. Franey came to this city about;
a month aKO and tried to get a match ;
with Dal Hawkins and the real of the!
crack men in that class, but was unsuc- i
I. li. is already in excellent shape,
having !" • :i boxing with several of the i
scrappers who have fought here recently, j
Both Madden and Ruhlin vouch for
Croft's ability, and as he has already de
feated several good men h> j will undoubt
edly put up a hard battle with Franoy.
<;<jfY will Start to train at once. Messrs.
Groom and Ciii>bs of the National club
at- convinced that the local public favor!
the popular-price Idea and f^r that rea- |
son spa: ; ; \y>;h I>e sold at a reduced rate, j
ENUNCIATED PRINCIPLES
OF THE SINGLE TAX
A LARGE AUDIENCE GREETS
ELOQUENT SPEAKERS.
The Pan Francisco Single Tax Club gave
a successful entertainment last night at
Polk Btreet. There were vocal and
instrumental selections and the principles
of single tax were ably enunciated by sev
peakers who have made the sub
ject a special study. The doctrine was
i< ■! as the only remedy for existing
evils of society and i large audience was
agreeably entertained.
The meeting was presided over by Ste
phen Potter, president of the local organ
ization. In the course of his remarks Mr.
said:
"The destitution in our land merits our
tion because the poor are setting
poorer and the rich are awaiting tlie
birth <.f the first American billionaire. --
is an unjust social system and the logical
reform lies in single tax. There, should
be no tax on labor or its products, but
• T.ly on the land, irrespective of improve
ments. Singh? tax is th? only cure for
hard times, for it will stimulate produc
tlon, relieve the glut of tin- labor market
and do away with land speculation. With
it the millionaire and the tramp will be
come unknown quantities. "
1,. M. Manzer was the next speaker.
"That every person,' he said, 'has a
riKht to live is the belief of the slngle-
With this rifjht liberty and the
pursuit of happiness go hand in hand.
■ desires tne establishment of
ustice to all. It is not only the best
tern, but the only means whereby
mankind may have a right to life. Land
owning and man owning are one and the
same thing. Give to man the value for
which he produces; let him have
service for service and hard times will
■ . ver come again. Educate your neigh
bqre to the <;<>d-givcn doctrine of single
tax and peace arid happiness will come to
stay."
K'lgnr Pommeroy. president of the Oak
land Single Tax Club, |nr,k the stand that
the earth was common property and that
mankind had an equal right t<> its pos
session.
Ralph Hoyt was the last speaker and
took the stand that right and justice will
soon prevail throughout the land.
''I desire to emphasize the fact." he
said, in concluding, "that waees will go
up only when every man can employ him
self, and this panacea will be afforded
when the single tax is in full force and
■
"The single tax movement is growing
and must fie adopted universally if thia
rnment is to remain a republic This
condition of industrial slavery cannot long
■ xisi and single tax iS the remedy for all
social evils."
Those who took part in the musical pro
gramme were: ili.-s A. Quinn, the
Misses Fay, .1. Tayson, Anita St-rn. Mrd.
M. Wyatt. C. Farr.um and K. Tavson.
THE NATIONAL GUARD.
Camp Site at fc>anta Cruz — Companies
Not Yet Accepted — Orders
to Parade.
Major General Dickinson, Adjutant
Peeler and Brigadier General Muller,
composing the board of officers on camp
Bites, accompanied by Brigadier General
Warlidd, Colonel Cluff, Lieutenant Com
tnander Nerney of the naval militia and
Major Schmltt, visited the proposed camp
grounds on Laveaga Heights, two mil.-s
northeast from Santa Cruz, last week.
They found a well shaded tract of ground,
which is on a slight elevation. h.i.< good
drainage and three fields divided by two
ravines. These it is believed will furnish
plenty of room for regimental encamp
ments. ;md in addition tfie board was as
sured that the National Guard could have
adjoining 1 fcTounds for extended move-
Th< visitors were met by the Mayor of
Santa Cruz and the Councilmen, who
stated that the grounds would he put in
condition for camp purposes; that a boule
vard would be built from the city to the
site; that water would be put in, and
that all would be done to make the
grounds acceptable to the Guard. No ac
tion will be taken for some time yet.
The following are the companfes that
have not yet been accepted under the pro
visions of the Chynowetb bill, passed at
the last session of the Legislature: All
the companies of the First Infantry, A
B, F, II and I of the Second, C I> and G
of the Fifth, B of the Sixth and C, D E
11. I and X of the Seventh.
Captain Warren, late of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers, who was an officer of
Company H, First Infantry before th<>
war with Spain, has r.-ported for duty.
Lieutenant Commander G. R. Kingsland
of the engineer division. Naval Militia,
isked for leave of absence for ninety
days. He will go as chief engineer of the
transport Sherman.
Orders have been issued for the compa
nies of thp Second Brigade to parade on
Memorial day. In pursuance of these
general orders the lieutenant colonel com
manding has issued orders for the com
panies of his command to parade as es
cort to Grand Army posts in their re
spective locailti.-s.
RED MEN ENJOY THEMSELVES.
Great Sachem Officially Visits White
Eagle Tribe — Members of Bald
Eagle at a Social.
The laßt meeting of Whitp Eagl* Tribe
In its wigwam in Maennerbund Hall was
an enjoyable one, for it was the official
visitation by Great Sachem Gfiorge \V,
Collins, who was accompanied by other
great chiefs. The wigwam was crowded
to its limit with numbers and friendly
Red Men. After the business of the even
ing was over there was an adjournment
to the banquet hall, where the member
ship and guests snt down to tables on
which there were 17. r . covers. Al House
man, sachem of the visited tribe, was the
toastmaster, and after a pleasing address
of welcome and the disposition of the
good things on the table, offered a num
ber of toasts, that were responded to by
the great sachem, C, F. Burgman, great
chief of records; Great Sanap Porter
Bliss, (Irept Guard of the Wigwam Percy
Seymour, F. J. Miller of Pino Tribe of
Vrisona and Past Sachem Berg of White
Eagle Tribe. There were short addresses
on the condition of the various districts
and tribes by District Deputies Bllck,
Roach and Swan and short talks by Past
Sachems Neilsen and Abbott of White
Eagle, Keeper of Records Kettleman and
X , i pet of Wampum Rhode.
— . ■—♦--•
St. Pauls Parish Picnic.
The twentieth annual reunion and pic
nic of St. Paul's Parish will be held at
BJI Cimpo to-morrow. Decoration day.
An excellent programme has been pre
pared and the committee in charge are
exerting every effort to make this the
banner picnic of the season. A first class
hand will accompany the excursionists,
and music for jig and reel dancing will be
furnished by Professor Ford. Over 100
valuable game and gate prizes will be
contested for. Adults tickets, 50 cents;
children under 12 years of age, 25 cents.
Moats will leave tho Tlburon ferry at 10
a. m. and 1:30 p. m. Returning, the pic
nickers will leave El Campo at 5 p. m.
DIED.
O'BRIEN— this city. May 28. 1899, Edward
son of P. U and Maggie O'Brien, aged I
years. •- . ..• •;■,,: ,•.••--..-;-•..; •--";:.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAT 29, 1899.
STRUCK WITH
A CUSPIDOR AND
FATALLY HURT
Lodging- House Row
Results Seriously.
THE VICTIM MAY NOT LIVE
JOHN KENNEY ASSAULTED BY
"NICK" LARSEN.
The Latter Is Arrested and Held
Without Bail — Larsen Claims
He Acted in Self-
Defense.
John C. Kenney, who engaged in a dis
turbance in the Acme lodging house at
057 Market street last Friday and was
struck in the forehead with a cuspidor,
inflicting an ugly wound, is in a dyingcon
dition. Blood poisoning has set in and the
attending physician has littl.- hope for the
■wounded man's recovery. Immediately
on learning of Kenney's condition Lieuten
ant Nash of the Southern Station sent Of
ficer Burke to arrest the assailant. Burke
learned that shortly after the disturbance
Kenney swore to a warrant charging N.
M. larsen with having injured him. l,ar
sen was found in the lodging house where
the trouble occurred and was taken into
custody. He will be held pending the re
sult of Kenney's wound.
According to the. Injured man he went
to the lodging house and shortly, after
ward engaged in a dispute with Larsen,
who was employed there as a bed maker.
Words led to blows and the bed maker
losing his temper picked up a cuspidor
and hurled it at Kenney. striking him in
the forehead. As the blood spurted from
the wound Kenney at once repaired to the
Receiving Hospital, where the cut was
stitched. Subsequently he was taken to
th< City Prison and charged with battery.
The following day he was released on
bonds furnished by two friends.
After returning home Kenney complain
ed of severe pains in his head! and at his
request a doctor was sent for. An exam
ination revealed the fact that the wound
had become infected, presumably owing
to his being confined in the City Prison.
Larsen admits indicting the wound, but
says that he threw the cuspidor in de
fense of his own life.
"He was creating a disturbance In the
house," he ' remarked, "and when ] at
tempted to call him down he struck me.
As he is much the stronger man, and a.s I
was getting the worst of th>' encounter,
I picked up the cuspidor and threw It at
him. I am sorry he is dying, but I will
prove by several reaponstbli people thai
I was forced to strike in order to save
myself from being beaten if not killed by
him."
MISSIONITES
DENOUNCE THE
FRANCHISE STEAL
Continued From Page One.
one passed Saturday night by the Fed
eration of Mission Improvement Clubs,
was read and adopted unanimously by
a standing vote. It protests against
the passage of the double-track ordi
nance, calls upon the Supervisors to
order the tearing up of the present sin
gle-track line across the streets of the
city so that the railroad company will
be compelled to run over its bay shore
right of way, and demands that no
franchises be granted to transportation
companies until the new charter goes
into effect.
The matter of a defense fund was
brought to the attention of the meet
ing by the chairman. He said that it
might be necessary tn carry the mat
'cr into the courts and it would be
necessary to engage U'gal talent which
cost money. No action was taken on
the suggestion at the time, but It is un
derstood that it will be part of the
business for the n*^xt meeting.
Short addresses in line with the reso
lutions already adopted and the senti
ments expressed in the letter to the
Supervisors were made by P. Harring
ton, J. P. Tuohey, F. T. Meagher,
George L. Center, F>. D. Sullivan and
A. B. Maguire. Mr. Harrington was
very forcible in his remarks.
"I think the time has arrived," he
said, "that, we should let the people of
the Mission and the city at large know
that we are not asleep. I think it is
time that the people should take the
matter into their own hands and or
ganize a vigilance committee as they
did in the early days. This idea of go
ing down to the Supervisors on our
bellies and asking them to do so and
so is all played out. We have been too
easy altogether. Tf the people. of the
Mission would do as the people of Chi
cago did and take a rope to them
things might be different."
Upon the subsidence of the loud ap
plause that followed these remarks of
Mr. Harrington, A. B. Maguire intro
duced the following resolution:
Whereas. The Market Street Rail
way Company has applied to the
Board of Supervisors for various
franchises covering many of the,
streets of our city; and whereas, said
railroad company now holds many
franchises which it uses but In parts
and for its own convenience and profit
and disregarding the rights of the peo
ple; and whereas, said railway com
pany has proven in the past to be
false to many of the promises it has
made to the people when applying for
franchises; ana whereas, the new
charter adopted by a vote of our peo
ple expressly states that It is the pur
pose of the city to acquire its public
utilities; and whereas, the revenues to
the city will be largely Increased from
franchises granted under the condi
tions of the charter as compared with
the picayune percentage required by
the present law. therefore be. it
Resolved, That all the people of
the Mission protest against any fran
chise being granted at the present,
and particularly against any fran
chise being granted to this pledge
breaker, the Market Street Railway
Company.
Paul Barblerl, who appeared last
week before the Street Committee rep
resenting the Montgomery block, and
advocated the granting of a franchise
to the "corkscrew" line, askod and was
granted permission to speak to the
meeting as a property-owner in the
Mission. He said that he represented
property-owners in other sections of
the city, who were desirious that a
cross-town electric line should be
built. He contended, therefore, that
such a resolution as had just been of
fered would antagonize residents of
other sections of the city to the aims
of the Missionites, for which reason he
asked them not to pass it, but to stick
to the fight against the double-track
franchise, in which they would find
they had no antagonism. The position
taken by Mr. Barbieri did not seem to
suit the humor of the meeting, so E.
P. E. Troy offered the following
amendment to the resolution, it being
intended to remove the objection
named:
•■Resolved, That we favor the cross
town road under the provisions of the
new charter."
By this time a number of those pres
nf-t had arrived at the conclusion that
the purposes for which the meeting
was called were being transcended, and
a point of order was raised to the in
troduction of the resolution. The chair
considered the point well taken, and
Mr. Rarbicri was compelled to break
off his remarks. It was decided a few
moments later, however, that the reso
lution, minus the amendment, which
was withdrawn, would be taken up
after the meeting had decided on the
course of action to be taken in the
fight against the double tracks.
After addresses as to the best meth
ods to pursue, it was agreed that a pro
test against the double-track fran
chise drawn up by Secretary E. D. Sul
livan should be adopted and that a
committee of ten to be appointed by
the chair, should present it to the Su
pervisors. On motion of I. J. Dwyer it
was voted that all present at the meet
ing should sign. It was also decided, by
a rising vote, that those in attendance
should join with the committee of ten
in calling upon the Supervisors.
The delegation will be at the City
Hall this afternoon at 2 o'clock. The
chair named the following gentlemen
as the committee of ten: George Wal
com, William Watson, Oustave
Schnee, A. R. Maguire, George I* Cen
ter. J. J. Green, F. J. Mitchell, Max
Popper, J. J. Clark and F. T. Meagher.
The meeting then adjourned to meet
again next Sunday afternoon at Man
gels Hall, when, it was announced, a
defense ftind would be started to carry
the fight to the courts If necessary.
AIGELTINGER SAYS SO.
Expects to Pass to Print The
Two Infamous Resolutions.
Supervisor Aigeltinger. chairman of
the Street Committee and the recog
nized leader of the solid, seven, says
that the double track and the blanket
franchises asked for by the Southern
Pacific and the Market Street Railway
will be passed to print this afternoon.
"I expect we will pass the ordinances j
;to print," he said last night. "Why j
• should we not grant these franchises? j
! There is no opposition to them from i
i the representative men of the city — the i
. men who employ labor and who own j
property that will be effected. After i
: the franchises are granted I shall be in j
■ favor <>f passing an ordinance compell- :
I ing the street railway companies to put ',
down nat rails, doing away entirely
: with 'T' rails, and also to take up all
I tracks that are not in use.
"The meeting held to-day to protest ;
against granting the Southern Pacific j
: the right to lay double tracks over its .
right of way through the city was not i
i a protest of property owners. It was i
j got up in the political interest of j
Phelan. I do not propose to be fright- i
ened by such people, but if any man ;
! of standing in the community will show I
tne why the franchises should not be
granted I will change my vote and help j
defeat the ordinances. This is not a \
question of favoring any railroad, hut :
a question of acting for the best inter- !
esta of thf* city. The street railroad!
companies who are asking for these
franchises have declared that they in- ;
tend to begin work at once, and that
means work for a great many unem- i
ployed men. The street railways are
needed to develop the city and the
work is needed by hundreds of men out j
of employment. If I cannot produce a
property owner who favors the grant
} ing of these franchises for every prop
-. erty owner opposed to them I will do-
I nate a thousand dollars to the chari
table institutions of this city."
BACHELORS VICTORIOUS.
Single Cricketers Easily Defeat the
Benedicts at Alameda Yesterday.
The first Married vs. Single cricket
match of the season was played yesterday
on the ground at Webster street. Ala- !
meda, and resulted in an easy victory for
the single men, who won by 98 runs and
4 wickets. G. Hellman, who captained- I
the benedicts. Bent E. G. Sloman and '
George Theobold to the wickets first, but '
the former was clean bowled by F. Croll, !
after scoring 9, and the latter was caught i
by Coles off Peel when he had scored tlTe
same number. J. J. Theobald mad© 18, I
and G. Hellmann 11, all singles, the in- j
nings closing for 68 runs. Croll took 5
wickets for 22. and Peel 3 for 17 runs.
For the bachelors J. Myers, captain,
and F. ("'roll went to the bat first, and al
though the former was caught off Sim
monds for 0, the latter was not dismissed
till ho had scored 42. All the others scored
double figures. J. H. Saunders being not
out 27. and B. Bird not out 21 warn time
was called. The full score Is shown be
low:
• MARRIED ELEVEN.
E. G. Sloman b. F. Croll 9
O. Theobald c. Coles b. Peel 9
C Slmmoncls c. B. Bird b. Peel Oi
O. J. Baugh c. Peel b. F. Croll 2;
F. Sewell c. B. Bird b. F. ('roll 10
G. Hellmann. not out 11 j
J. J. Theobald c. Myers b. F. Croll 18
J. H. Harbour b. F. Croll. 0
H. P. O. Gordon c. Morlarty b. Dickinson 3
F. M. Gunn b. Dlckenson .' o|
V. G. "Wienoskl c. B. Bird b. Dlckenson 0
Byes 2, leg byes 4 6
Total 68
Runs at the fall of each wicket: 1 for 20,
2 for 21, 3 for 21, 4 for 27, 5 for 37, 6 for 62,
7 for 62, 8 for 66. 9 for 66, 10 for 68.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. M. R. W. Ay.
Saund'ers 36 1 8
Dlckenson 74 6 17 3 5 2-7
Croll 90 4 22 5 4 2-5
SINGLE ELEVEN.
F. Croll ft. Hellman b. Harbour 42
J. Myers c. Gunn b. Simmonds 0
J. J. Morlarty b. Simmonds IS
A. "Dickenson c. Hellman b. Sewell 17
C. P. Coles b. Sloman 11 !
J. H. Saunders, not out 27 i
J. J. R. Peel, run out 21
B. Bird, not out 21
F. C. Drlffield, did not bat
A. W. Wilding, did not bat
J. B. Reeder, did not bat
Byes 8, w(£es 3.. 11
Total for six wickets ; 166
Runs at the fall of each wicket: 1 for 0, 2 !
for 68, 3 for 71, 4 for 80, 5 for 93, 6 for 128. •
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. M. R. W. W. Ay.
Pimmonds 108 8 88 2 1 19
Sloman V ll4 4 43 1 1 43
Sewall 54 0 42 1 .. 42 i
Harbour : 3« 0 20 1 .. 20 j
The newly formed California Club will
lose the services of 11. H. Cook6on, who
Is about to go to the country for several
months. His denarture will be a serious
loss to the bowling department of the I
team and will render it necessary for the i
club to choose a new secretary and also
a new delegate to the California Cricket
Association.
MOONLIGHT PICNIC.
Swedish Society Makes Merry at
Shell Mound.
The twenty-sixth annual day and moon
light picnic of the Swedish Society was
held yesterday at Shell Mound Park. Over
fifteen hundred people visited" the grounds
and fully enjoyed the amusements pro
vided by efficient committees.
There were valuable prizes for old and
young and the running races caused much
excitement.
Vocal selections by the Swedish Society
Glee Club formed an interesting part of
the exercises, and the affair was a big
success in every detail.
Dancing in the big -\ivilion was the
principal enjoyment. of the evening. The
following are the committees to whom the
success of the affair is due: :
Committee of Arrangement— Joseph" Qkerblad
Qua Peterson, Alexander Olsson, H. P. Fors
berg, J. A. Wigholm, C. E. Carlson, C. A
Johnson. .Victor SJorgren.
Reception- committee — J, A. Wigholm, C. A.
Johnson, August Lund, J. Turnblad, C. E. Carl
son. Victor SJorgren. . ;
Floor manager— H. P. Forsfcerß.
Floor committee — Carlson, Edward Nel
son. Albert Bergstrom, Victor Lundahl, Emil
Forsell.
Huntingdon Goes East.
C. P. Huntington left for the East on
last Friday with his party. They will
make the Journey by easy stages, stop
ping at various polnta along the route.
AN OLD MAN
BADLY BEATEN
BY A SAILOR
Vicious Attack Upon
Martin Jackson.
HIS RECOVERY IS DOUBTFUL
THE ASSAILANT CHARGED WITH
ASSAULT TO MURDER.
Fled From the House, but Was
Found Hiding Under a
Wagon by Officer
Cavanaugh.
Martin Jackson, who conducts a lodg
ing house at 9<M Koarny street, was so
badly beaten yesterday morning by Geo.
Ford that he may die.
About six months ago Jackson bought
out the New Avenue House on Kearnj^
street and up to yesterday there hns been
no trouble In the building. Early yester
day morning Officer J. B. Cavanaugh,
while patrolling his beat, was startled by
screams of agony proceeding from the
house. He rushed toward the place and
when nearing the door saw a man run
ning from the building. I'avanaugh gave
chase and found his man cowering under
a wagon in a little cul-de-sac running off
Kearny street. He called for assistance
and was joined by Officer Peters and the
two escorted the prisoner back to the
lodging house. At the head of the stairs
they found Jackson lying senseless in a
pool of blood near a little room he uses
as an office. When raised up he regained
consciousness lon"g enough to tell his
story and request that he be taken home
at once. He claims that shortly after
3 o'clock he furnished Ford and a friend,
who was accompanied by a lady, with
rooms. A few minutes later he found
Ford attempting to gain entrance to the
room occupied by the couple. Jackson
remonstrated with him whereupon Ford
struck him In the head, knocking him
down. Not satisfied with this, Ford
rained blow alter blow upon the lodging
house keeper until he had beaten him Into
a state of insensibility.
Jackson was taken in a carriage to the
<"ity Receiving Hospital, where several
ugly wounds about the head and body
were dressed. Later he w;is taken to Ms
home at 24 Turk street, and L>r. Graves,
the family physician, summoned.
Ford was taken to the California Street
Police Station and locked up on a charge
of assault to commit murder. He gave
his age as 24 and his occupation as a
sailor.
Officers f'nvanaugh and Peters, who
made the arrest, are of the opinion that
Ford use,! brass knuckles. His hand la
cut just as it would be had he used a
badly fitting pair of knuckles.
Jackson is over 60 years of age and his
recovery Is very doubtful. Last night hy
again lapsed into an unconscious condi
tion, and the doctor says that he has
about an even chance with death.
Union Gun Club.
.The T'nlon Gun Club held a 25-blnernck
match at Alameda Point yesterday with
the following More: Smith 21. Liridle 10,
Mlchelsaen 12, Fisher 18, Taylor 15. Peter
son lit. I .anger 2. Ohortland 10, Slerkoritz
16, Johnson X, Bnntier 12, M. McDonnell
12. A. Smith 20, R. Liddle 7. K. Taylor 17,
Walpert 12. Hess 12, Olsen 18, Jarette Jr.
9, Lewis S, Shlndel 8, Droishman 12.Sehultz
6, Thiebault K. E. Olson 18, Bickerstaff 10,
E. A. Taylor 15, Isaacs lfi. Derby 14, F.
Walpcrt 15. Ispen 9. Btade 14. Mitchell IS.
Woll&in in. B. Johnson 8, ( '. F. Sinkwitz
16. L. R. Isaacs 11, Thomas 9, Vfrnon 22,
J. McDonnell 15, Preeoe 12, Gaster 12.
Cook 6. Kerrißan 10, E. Derby 12, A. Stad.
--16, Liddle S. Schroeder 18. Handicap Med
al Shoot— Lewis 10, M. McDonnell 22,
Michelssen 19, J. McDonnell 10, Mitchell
16, Fisher 12, Peterson 16, Smith 19, Gaster
9, Thomas 7, Ihk.ii 3, Vernon 14, Lidiilo
13, I^auzer 9. Hess 10, Shlndol 8, Sinkwiiz
15, iFgen 12, Obortland 11, Taylor 14, Thom
as 10, Derby 10, Cook 6, Schroeder IS.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May '2B, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of Game date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 33.05 33.21
Red Bluff 0.12 20.54 14.
Sacramento Trace 14.10 10.37
' San Francisco 0.00 16.10 9.19
! Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.95
I San Luis Oblspo 0.00 18. 45 7.16
I Los Angeles ....: 0.00 4.95 ~ 7.06
' San Diego 0.00 4.96 4.97
! Yuma 0.00 . 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
56; minimum, 48; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
North Pacific Coast and over Eastern Califor
nia. Nevada and Utah. A depression of some
depth appetfrs to be developing east of the Si- '
erras and will probably move northward uniting
with a moderate low now over Idaho.
The temperature has risen about fourteen de
grees over Utah and has fallen from six to
ten degrees In the Sacramento Valley.
Rain has fallen at Sacramento and Red Bluff.
The following maximum wind velocities are
recorded: Fort Canby, twenty-three miles per
hour from the southeast, and Idaho Falls,
thirty-five miles from the south.
Forecast . made at San Francisco for thirty
1 hours ending at midnight. May 29:
Northern California— Cloudy Monday with
! light showers early Monday morning in the
interior: southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Monday; fresh
westerly winds.
: Nevada— Showers Monday; cooler.
Utah— Cloudy Monday; cooler.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Mon
\ day; probably light showers early In the morn
ing: southeasterly changing to westerly
winds. ALEXANDER McADIE,
Forecast Official.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
UnltM States Coast and Gpodettc Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San,
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur nt
the city, front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, MAT 29.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
dny in 4 the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
th» day. the third tijne column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
lasi tide of the day, except when there ar» hut
three tidfs. ns sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Cr.ast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then tho number given is subtracted from
the depth Kiven by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in Kan Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept oa hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at tho foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped :it
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare island. Cal.
A ri'.th'e stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or Riving the error, it' any. i-; published
in the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS,
lieutenant I'nmmander. V. S. X.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, May 23.
Stmr China, Spabury. 26 days IS hours 14 mln
from Hongkong, via Yokohama 15 days 4 hours
66 mln. via Honolulu 5 days 17 hours 12 mln.
Ger ptmr Tni Fu, Schuldt, 31 days from
Hakodate, via Honolulu 9 days.
1 Stmr Luella, Miller, 66 hours from Tilla
mook.
Stmr Ttllamook, Andflndsen, 51 hours from
Ran Pedro.
Stmr Cleone, Higglns, 35 hours from Crescent
City.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, 33 hours from Point Con
ception.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 6<Hi hours from
San Diego.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson. IE hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 11 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 9% days from'
Unga.
Stmr Alcazar, Carlson, 4S hours from Port
Lo6 Angeles.
Stmr Gipsy, Inland. 26 hours from Moss
Landing.
Ship Occidental, Bennett. B days frm Seattle.
Schr Lily, Hotter. 7 days from Ump<Tua.
Schr Eva. Ramselius. 2 1 2 days from Eureka.
Bchr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Bohr Golden Gate, Madsen, 30 hours frm Men
doclno.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, IS hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr J Epplnger, Colstrup. IS hours from Fish
Rook.
Schr Mary C, Matsen, 7 hours from Fort
Ross.
Schr Mlzpah, Owens. — days from Coqullle
River.
SAILED.
Sunday, May 2S.
Stmr Lacuna. Ericsson.
Stmr Bonlta. Nicoleon, San Pedro. •
Stmr State of California, Goodall. Astoria.
Stmr South Coast. Zaddart.
Stmr Scotia. Lundquist, Eureka.
Stmr Noyo.. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Bark Germanla. Pearson. Seattle.
Br hark Brussels. Tonkin, Queenstown.
Haw hark Diamond Head, Ward. Honolulu.
I! i\v bark R P Rithet. Calhoun, Honolulu.
Uktn Catherine Sudden. Ekrem, St Michael.
& \r Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Hansen.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, Iversens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— May 2«, 10 p. Weather
hazy; wind W; velocity 1 2mll!es. '
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed May 27— Haw ship
Star of France, from Chernainus for Sydney.
PORT TOWNKEND— Sailed May 27— Bark
Theobald, for San Francisco; schr John D Tal
lant for Honolulu: stmr Laurada, for Dyea;
stmr Victoria, for Hongkong; Chil ship Te
muco, for Valparaiso.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 2S— Stmr Farallon,
from Port Townsend; stmr Czarina, hence May
24.
Sailed May 28 — Stmr Willamette, for Alaska.
NEWPORT— SaiIed May Stmr Westport,
for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 2S— Schr Coro
na, from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed May 2?— Schr
Spokane, for San Francisco; Br ship Pegasus,
for Astoria.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed May Bktn Northwest,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed May 2R— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco: stmr Hueneme, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Grace Dollar, for Grays Harbor;
stmr Geo W Elder, for Seattle. .
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 2S— Stmr La Gas
copne. from Havre.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived May 28— Stmr
Waesland, from Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed May 2*— Stmr Etru
rla. from Liverpool for New York.
/*^%k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
&m rt pJS& 025 KEARNV ST. Established
BpTrafflli In 1834 for the treatment of Private
a. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I 625 H FAR* V ST Established
m In 1H34 for the troatment of Private
B Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
BMK3BBI| disease wearing on bodyand mind and
JhWKb EaSJBfI Skin Diseases. The dociorcures when
■■^eSBSSg^m others fall. Try him. Charges low
RggKaEEg; (are* guaranteed. Cull or writ «.
air. J. I UIBBUN. Box 1937. Sac Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
A Superb Train
Atmtfo EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
ißllJnion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
, WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE). V -
ONLY 8H DAYS TO CHICAGO.
UttM San Francisco dally ax i p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Arab*.
Ml. 1 Montgomery street. San Francl»oix
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via lUaMlita Parry.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAITS-*8:00, •9:00, •10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, *2:30, *4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Vary Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. »6:40. 7:55. 8:40. »10:20
a. m.; 12:30, 2:15. »3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, »9:45, •10:45. »11:45
a. m., 1:00. 2:20. *3:30. *6:16, *6:00, 7:00. 10:15
p. m. .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 8:50, 7:55, 8:55. 10:35
a. m. : 12:36. 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
! and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:00. 11:10 a. m. : 12:05,
1:20. 2:40. 3:55, 5:30, 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I 8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I 6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays ezcepted) — j
Point Reves and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. na. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAIL WAV
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
and 4 p. m.
On May 30 Trains Run on Sunday Time.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market St.
AUCTION SALES.
ELEGANT FURNITURE. |
THIS DAY i[MONDAY) AT 11 A. M.
40S VAN NESS AYE., COR. MCALLISTER ST.
I FRANK \V. BUTTERFIELD. 657 Market St.
s^ s—s— i— hi— s— ni»»^ tm sbjb^ — — i—^ ■
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
IM»tJ THICK."* I-Alllll COJirAHT.
(PACIFIC BVSTBM.)
Trolr. ■•»▼« Mud mre dim to «rrli» •*
HAM *itA>« I»« «»-
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) • :
leave — From Mat 7. 1899. — arwv*
7:OOa Benida. .Snimiu an:l Sacramento. . . . 5:45*
"jOOa Marj-svilie, tiroTillaaud Uc-dding tU
Woodland 5:45p
7:00 a Elmira, Vn.;avillonu>l Kmiisey 8:43p
7::tO\ Martiner., San Raniou.Yallejo, Napa,
Cali>stoga and Sauta Kosa 6:13p
S:OOa Atlautic express. Ogilrn and V.mt... Bt43p
t»::i«»A San .lose. Llyerciore, H^)cktou,
lone. Sacramento. Flacerrille,
MiiryMTilic, Chico, neilJJlulT «:15f
8:S(0a 'Milton, Oakdalo and hoaora 4:13p
8:00 a Haywardi, Nil, a and W:iy Stations. 11:43 a
O:O«a Martinez. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:13#
- !•:<><» A Fresno, ltskersaei<V Santa Burliara.
Los Augeleg, Doming, £1 Paso,
Now Orleans and Kast G:43r
IO:OOa \ clk'jo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45»
I 1 :«O \ Haj-ivartlß, ICiies and Way Stations. 5:43»
I 2:(M>u NUes, Livermorc, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visilia,
, Pcrlerville 4:15p
*lt(M>r Sscratuento Uirer Stenin«rs *6ioop
3:O0i- If aywardu, Niks and Way Stations, 5«4a»
4:iiui- Martinez. Ban llamon, Vallejo.
Siiu, C'allstoga, S«uta l?"Sii OslSa
4:O«r Benicia, Vaoavllle, ■ .Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Mirysvillo, Orotillo 1O:40a
4i3op Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7:13p
4:30r Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13*
O:»Op Stockton, Merceil, Fresno 12t13r
5:0 op Martinez, Tracy. Mendota, Fresno,
Mnjavo and lion A ; ■■ i 8:43 a
ft.Oiti- Hanta Ku Itoute, Atlantic Kxprew
for iMnJuTti ami Kast 6:43»
A:OOr Tho Owl. Fresno, BakersSeld, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 8:43*.
6:O«r RnropaaM Mull, Ogiiaii and Hast..., V: 15 A
0:OOp Hay wards, Niles and San Joao 7:45 a
•«:OO r Vallejo lailßr
7:«(>r Oregon Kxiiresn.Nacriihientii, Marys-
vllle. IletMliitr, Portland. l'nget
' fioninl mid Ka»l 7:434
}HtO»p Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta.
tlons tlO:tO»
COAST DIVISION (Harrow (Jsiirc). *
(Foot of Market Stront.) ■'
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations tS:OS»
B:lsANewark,Ccnter»illc,SsnJose,Feltoii,
Boulder ("reek, Cruz and Way
Stations 3:3*9
*S:l3p Newark, Centerville, Snu Jose, Now
Almaaerj, Kaftan, Houkler Creek,
Santa Cruz' and Principal Way
Btatlons • I O:3«A
4:l.T>r Sun Jogo, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions U:2oa
M:lspFelton, Banta Cruz and Way Stations
tions /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrcmSiS ritIKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 f.OO 11:00 A.M. {1:00 *3:00 13:00
•4:00 JB:OO •8:00i-.M.
fromOilUßD— Fott of Broadwaj.— "6:00 8:00 10:00*. H.
{12:03 »l:00 {2:00 '3:03 ti:C3 •S:OaP.H.
COtST DIVISION (Rrondflauge).
(Third and Townseml St^.)
•6:1 ©a Ocean View, South San Francisco.. »6:3«»
*7:OUa Ran .Tose and Way StAtions (New
Alnnidcii Wednesdays only) l:30»
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations :S:S9»
Oi»Oa Han .Tone, Treii Pinos. Kunta Cruz,
Paclllo Gro»e, Paso llDhles, San
I.nis(il,ls[..i. Quadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stntlisiis 4<lor
IO:»Oa San .los.; mid Way .Stations *8:OOA
11:»Oa Ban Jose and Way Stations....... 5:»0»
•8:45 p San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San .lose,
Qilroy, Hollister. Bauta Cms;
Salinas, Monterey and Paclflo
Grove *lO:3QA
•»:»OpSan.Toße and Way Stations *O:»Oa
•4rlsp Sail Jr.soau.l Principal Way Stations 9:43*
*3:00p San Jo9eond Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
S:3or San Jose an<lPrlncirial Way Stations "S:3sa
O:»Op San Joss and Way Stations 7:30p
♦ 11:43 - San Joso uuj Way Stations *" 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday executed. { Sunday only. f Saturday only.
bSa,turd&y and Sunday /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
. Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
SAN yRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:36,
3:30, 5:10, i.30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 8:30, 11:08 a. m.; 1:30. »:30.
t:00, 6:20 p. in.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:40,
8.40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40, 5:05,
6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive .
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— 1 ; April 1«, .
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 1:00 am Novato, 10:40 am : 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 ana
8:10 pm 6:00 prn Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
ml ____ _^^ _ _______ ,
Fulton,
T:3O am Windsor, 10:26 am
Heal burg,
Lytton,
Geyser-vlUe.
1:80 pm 8:« am Oloverdale, 7:86 pm «:S0 poa
7:30 am Hopland and 10:23 an
1:30 pm j 8:00 am Uklah. 7:36 pm 6:20 pm,
7:80 am ( 10:26 am
8:00 am OnernerlUa. 7:35 pm
1:80 pm 6:30 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
E:lopm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:06 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:23 am
1:30 pm 5:00 pm ! 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga
Springs : at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at T'kiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lterley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhediin Heights. Hullville.
Booneville, Philo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Willltts. Laytonvnle, Cum«
ming' Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets t« all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*. 860 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
. DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
end Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1:SO P. M.Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. "BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAM FRANCISCO lICXETIrTICE— MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE. MAIN lHtt.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Stnet
San Jose Office— West Santa Olara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1888, trains will run as fallow*!
South-bound. North-bound.
Paasen- Mixed. Mixed. Passe-*'
ger. Sunday Station*. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd ■ ■ Exa'pt. Dailr.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
1:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5.36 pm Fresno 9:80 am 2:41 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:46 pro
1:15 pm 1280 am Bakers-field 1:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalia 1:40 am 1:22 pm
U:lspm 6:53 pm| Tulara 6:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points aa required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inqulr* at Traffic Manager's Of floe. in Mark*
-TNt Sin Francisco. - -- .- - .-."-.
78
ONE SECRET
WEDDING LED
TO MOTHER
Mrs. Dam's Niece Is
Now a Bride.
MISS COOPER'S ROMANCE
ELOPED TO REDWOOD CITYWITH
DAVID RAND.
An Oakland Society Belle Takes a
Minister With Her in Case One
Could Not Readily Be
Found.
Oakland Office San Francisc Call!
908 Broadway. May 28. I
Society has been surprised to learn that]
1 of one elopement within ltsl
charmed circle a few days ago there w-ti-I
second uni onv< ntional couplel
aiimit that they were l»*d into the secret
marriage practice by the example of the
others.
M ■..-■ M rrtle Cooper and Mr. David Rand
were secretly wedded at Redwood City on
April 8, and although they confessed to
their relatives a couple of days later
their friends bave only recently learned
of thy romantic trip tv San Mateo
County.
"So It's out at last, is it?" said the
petite bride last nipht. "We have been
expecting to read of our escapade for
many weeks past. It was a trille ro
mantic, of course; secret weddings al
ways are. You remember that a short
time apj Frank Gowil! announced that
he had been married at' Brentwood to
Miss Champlin. Well, they were close!
frien<l- md their example did not j
seem to be such a bad one at all. Dave j
and I hail been supposed to be engaged |
for over a year, and we thought it would |
be such fun to go and do likewise. One i
Saturday a few weeks ago we made up |
our minds to make the venture. We have
a friend )•!••— a minister. Rev. A. W.
Culver bo we persuaded him to come
along with us to do the marrying. You
see, we wanted a church wedding and I
micht Dot be able to rind a minister on \
call. We went to Redwood City and were
married in the Presbyterian church there.
Rev, Mr. Wade Btood .up with us. and I
think he rather doubted my being of
legal age, but I wa* is six months ago.
A lady named Mrs. Dodge was pressed
Into se: vi< c as a witness, and the whole
thing was soon concluded. It was infin
itely better than having half a thousand
people stare at you while being married.
We kept it a secret till the next Monday
and then we told our relatives. A little
later Dave took a very formal little para
graph to a local paper, but no one sus- i
pected that it was us, but I really think
It is about time now that my friends I
cease to call me Miss Cooper. We haye 1
lived with Mr. Rand's mother and j
there a«* not two happier people alive."
Mrs. Hand is the niece of Mrs. Cyrus '
Dam. and has lived with the Dams many I
years, her parents both being dead. She j
"is a graduate of California College and I
recently made her debut as an elocution- j
Ist, having studied under Mrs. Carrie
Fross-Synaer. In church circles she is j
very popular, and was chaperoned by
Mrs. Dam whenever she appeared in so
cJety.
The bride is a petite blonde of a bright i
disposition that wins friends for her i
wherever nhe goes. She is very talented,
and in public has made a very favorable
impression In histrionic art. It has been
said that on the stage she would make a
ran.- success.
David H. Rand is with the Realty Syn
dicate in San Francisco and his home ia
on Twenty-sixth street in this city. He j
is live years his bride's senior and has a |
private' fortune.
"I think we did just right." he says.
"Miss Cooper is not any fonder of being
made conspicuous than 1 am. We are
young and I have to make my way in |
the world, and 1 thought we could make \
a far hotter investment than frittering ;
away a few hundred dollars on a fash
ionable wedding that we would not have !
t-njoyed half so much. I suppose after i
this we shall give a reception, and then j
1 want tv be forgotten."
A POLICE MYSTERY
FINALLY CLEARED UP
MELVILLE STATELER THOUGHT
HE WAS IN TROUBLE,
ALAMEDA, May 28.— T. Melville State
ler. son of T. K. Stateler. the railroad
man, has been laboring under the Im
pression for two weeks that he had either
maimed or killed Police Office Brampton.
For the same length of time the local
Police Department has been deploring its
ill luck in allowing to slip through its
fingers what was supposed to be a much
wanted bicycle thief!
One night about two weeks ago, when
the police wore attempting to enforce, the
bicycle lantern ordinance, Officer Bramp
ton sighted a llghtless wheel going along
Railroad avenue, near Willow stfeet. The
offlci r hastened to the middle of the street
to bead oft" the wheelman. The bicycle
rider did not surrender, lie? let out a link
or two of his legs and ran into Brampton
at full speed. While the officer was disen
tangling himself from the broken spokes
the rider of the machine disappeared in
the darkness.
The bicycle was taken to the City Pris
on, where the learned heads of the de
partment ■ got toother and reached the
conclusion that the prize had been stolen
and that the man whom Brampton missed
was the thief. Despite diligent search no
owner was found for the wheel.
Last night T. Melville Stateler visited
the police station, proved that the wheel
was his and admitted that he was riding
it when it had such a violent meeting
with Brampton. The voting man thought'
at the time that ho had kelled the officer
and fearing severe punishment has kept
out of sight ever since. Only yesterday
he learned that Brampton was none the
worse for the collision. He sought an in
terview with Chief Conrad and when he
was informed that be had not been
charged with any offense he immediately
claimed his wheel.
Young Stateli r gained considerable no
toriety a short time ago by the announce
ment of his secret marriage to a Miss
Jacobson and the divorce proceedings
which followed.
WESTERN IMPROVEMENTS
Richmond and Sunset Valley Making
Rapid Strides in Progressive
Measures.
Richmond by the Bea will not be called
upon to plead guilty to sloth and indif
ference in trying to advance the prosper
ity ot" the healthful suburban section of
the city.
The progress made in grading and mac
adamizing streets and connecting side
si wera with main leaders has been the
means of keeping Contractor Felix Mc-
Hugh busy with his gang of workmen.
■ This line of improvement indicates the
: fact that the building of houses is going
on. for it is a recognized fact that If no
homes are being erected there is no ne
cessity for progressive measures in get
ting streets and sewers in good condition.
Real estate transfers and notice of
■ buildings have been signified during the
past week as follows: Southeast corner
of Eighth avenue and Clement street, lot
25x107 feel, with old house; sold from the
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to W.
IC. Bollington for $1900. On Second aye-
nue, 150 feet south of Point Lobos. lot S x
I'»> feet, for $675. One-half block fronting
600 feet on the east .side of Tenth avenue,
between C and D streets, for $15,750. A
big sale is recorded carrying a piece of
property on which will be erected, the
Richmond < '.or.gregational church, on the
< orner of Seventh avenue and Clement
Btreet, for $40,000.
The postponement of awarding the con
tract for the regrading of Twenty-fourth
avenue, between A and B streets, has
brought forth a protest from the execu
tive committee of the Point Lobes Im
provement Club, in which it offers a pur
gestion in the following language: "That
the Street Committee will award the said
contract at its next meeting, as the ave
nue has been graded and macadamized
once, but through the shortsightedness
of the property-owners the street has
asain become impassable, both to pedes
trians and vehicles, and we hope the
Street Committee will not allow this
necessary work to go by default."
Following this request the committee,
through Its chairman, James \V. Wllklns,
requests the placing of electric lights at
the following places: Sixth avenue and
Lake street. Seventh avenue and A
street; Seventh avenue and Clement
street; Twentieth avenue and Clement
street; Twenty-second avenue and Cali
fornia Street; Twentieth avenue and Lake
street, and that the lights be ex
tended from Thirty-first avenue and Point
Lobos avenue to the Cliff House and along
the road from t~he Cliff House to the in
tersection of the ocean beach and A
street.
The south side of the park, or the Sun
set Valley, not to be outdone by Its neigh
bor in the Richmond, is in the progres
sive van and has more transfers of realty
than any other section of similar area.
Whether through necessity or otherwise,
the Market Street Railroad Company has
been instrumental in advancing real es
tate valuation by its numerous electric
branches. The continuation of the Stan
van street electric line from Haight to
I'arna-«sus avenue and along that thor
oughfare to and directly in front of the
Affiliated Colleges opens up a new sec
tion of territory surpassed by none other
in the city as choice building lots.
The completion of the much-needed
leading sewer running east and .west
through the center of the valley Mas
given the householders a long sought for
opportunity to protect their homes in a
sanitary measure. This, together with
the introduction of electric lights and ad
ditional water mains, has made the resi
dents realize that they command some
share of the City Fathers' affections.
The most important movement, how
ever, to give the Sunset Valley an im
petus for wider usefulness is the contem
plated extension of Nineteenth avenue
south from Golden Gate Park at the ba3e
of Sweeny's Observatory to Ingleside,
connecting with the Ocean House and
Dewey boulevard.
There is one matter, however, that has
1 annoyed the property owners, and this is
: that the work commenced two years ago
! on Seventh avenue has been left in an
! unfinished condition south of the pond.
This roadway was intended to connect
] with Dewey boulevard at the Almshouse
tract, but for some unassigned reason the
work stopped as soon as the Dewey boule
vard end was completed.
BAY CITY CLUB'S RUN.
Long Trip Taken by the Wheelmen
Yesterday.
The Bay City Club took a long ride yes
terday, in which over forty members par
ticipated. They rode from here to Lake
Pllarcitos, in San Mateo County, and re
turn, a distance of nearly fifty miles.
Those who made tho journey were: Pres
ident E. F. Fahrback, Captain A. J. Men
ne, H. W. Welch, George P. Caldwell
i Henry L. Day. Fred Boeckmann Jr., Wal
i ter D. Sheldon, w. A. Bearles E. J.
j Bangs. J. F. Kelly, E. A. Rusac, Archio
I Reid. W. C. Hofer, Ed Hennlng, A Hu
bert. Frank \V. Smith, Frank P. Marisch
M. C. Rambo, B. C. Raynaud, F H Wil
ters, C. B. Thompson. Leon Draper W
V. McDonald. P. J. Morrin. R. J. Elliot'
J. M. Nye Jr., Alex. Nye, C. L. Langlov'
J. ML Salazar. George B. ptangenbereer
Mr. Newlett, I. R. Lind, Mr. Allison w'
J. Black. R. J. Black. A. Davidson. .Judge
Frank H. Dunne, Horace P. Howard Z<
| rah Y. Howard, and H. W. Spalding.
Of seven Presidents of France only
one has served a full term. He, Grevy
resigned early in his second term.
TOE SA:N FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 29, 1899.
USED A KNIFE
TO AVENGE HIS
COUSIN'S WRONGS
"Joe" O'Brien Stabs
George Faust.
RESULT OF A FAMILY ROW
THE INJURED MAN SPIRITED
AWAY BY RELATIVES.
Had Been Secretly Married to
O'Brien's Cousin and Was Ac
cused of Treating His Bride
Cruelly.
ALAMEDA, May 2S.— A family row
I which started some months ago through
j the secret marriage of George Faust of
j Petaluma and Miss Lucy O'Brien of Ala
: meda. culminated last night in the serious
i cutting of Faust by a man known as
I" "Joe" O'Brien, who is a cousin of the
woman. The cutting occurred near the
home of James Walker, 2140 Encinal ave
nue, who is married to a sister of Mrs.
Faust.
As near as can be learned Faust and
O'Brien have not been priori friends since
the former visited Jhe O'Brien home at
: HO.'i Court street and announced to the j
family that he was Miss Lucy's husband j
and that they had been married for sev
eral months. O'Brien, the cousin. Inter
fered at the time and demanded that
Faust produce bettor evidence of the
marriage ceremony than his unsupported
word. The girl subsequently left her
home, and has since been living with her
husband.
Of late reports have reached the family
that Faust had not been treating his
wife properly, and Cousin O'Brien deter
mined to interfere in the woman's behalf.
In the meantime Mrs. Walker had taken
an active interest in the trouble, siding
with Faust as against her sister and
cousin Joe. She told Faust that the cous
in was actuated in his course by Jealousy,
and that as a matter of fact he was in
love with Lucy. This statement stirred
up Faust. He left the Walker home last
night in search of O'Brien at the same
time that O'Brien departed from Court
street on a still- hnut for Faust. Mrs.
Anna O'Brien, the mother-in-law, accom
panied her nephew, while Walker went
: with Faust. The family meeting occurred
'} on Encinal avenue, near Park street.
O'Brien and Faust did the talking. The
former is a man of slender build, while
i Faust is fully six feet tall and broad
shouldered. After some words between
j the men they were seen to clinch, and sud
denly Faust staggered away with bis
hands clasped to his left side. He was
assisted from the place by Walker, who
took him to his home at 2140 Encinal
avenue, where he was secreted.
Dr. W. I* Friedman attended the
wounded man.
"I was called last night about 10 o'clock
to 2140 Encinal avenue to attend a man
suffering from a severe knife wound."
said the doctor. "The cut extended from
his left armpit for a distance of eight or
ten inches across the body over the heart.
The flesh was cut down to the ribs. I
took twelve stitches in the wound. The
only thing that saved the man's life was
the fact that the knife was drawn diag
onally across the ribs."
Joe O'Brien, who wielded the knife, ac
knowledged that he was the party who
had done the cutting, and that his cous
in's husband was the victim.
"I cut Faust in self-defense," said
O'Brien. "He struck me. and then I,
being the smaller man, stabbed him. I
do not care to discuss the matters that
led up to the trouble. To do so It would
be necessary to go into unsavory family
secrets. I am not in love with my cous
in, and am not Jealous of her, but I want
to see her treated properly."
Faust was a member of Company C of
Petaluma, and enlisted under, the name
of James Connelly. He met Miss O'Brien
while the volunteers were stationed at
Camp Barrett. They were secretly mar
ried in San Francisco last December.
After the troops were mustered out Faust
informed Mrs. O'Brien that he was her
son-in-law. A scene followed the an
nouncement, and there has been trouble
In the family ever since.
BEN TRUMAN ARRIVES.
Ben Truman of Los Angeles, the Com
missioner to the Paris Exposition, ar
rived last night and is a guest at the Oc
cidental.
"I have been accused of desiring the
secretaryship of the commission," he said
las.t night, "but that is untrue. When I
heard that Mr. Runyon was appointed,
and knowing his capacity and ability, I
wished him to take the position, thinking
up to that time one of the commission
would act as secretary. As soon as i
learned that the other Commissioner
wished to appoiint a secretary I wrote
to Mr. Foote, telling him of my willing
ness to make the appointment of Mr.
Gasklll unanimous.
"I have no plans as yet. We will organ
ize this morning."
Poisoned by Morphine.
The death of Mrs. Mary Hall, aged 68
years, residing at 4400 Eighteenth street,
was reported to the Coroner yesterday by
Dr. Felipe Martinez, 300 Powell street. It
was stated that the deceased was suffer
ing with cancer and, in order to alleviate
her sufferings, a previous physician who
had been attending her had administered
morphine. A portion of this drug had
been- left in her room and she took an
overdose of it during the night, whether
with suicidal intent or not is not known.
Her niece, Mrs. Riley, found her in a
comatose condition at 9 o'clock yesterday
morning and at once sent for her physi
cian, Dr. Martinez, who did all in his
power to restore her to consciousness, but
without avail. She died at 3 o'clock, in the
afternoon.
In the absence of Coroner Hill Deputy
McCormick permitted the body to remain
at the residence.
A Phelan Club Organized.
A largely attended meeting of the James
D. Phelan Club of the Thirty-ninth As
sembly District was held at Saratoga Hall
on Friday evening. Permanent officers
were elected as follows: W. P. Adams,
chairman; Frank Mann, first vice chair
man; Dr. 1. W. O'Rourke, second vice
chairman; Henry M. Owens, recording
secretary; W. P. Carter, correspond! hk
secretary; Oscar Hocks, treasurer; Louis
Ratigan. sergeant at arms.
A campaign committee of nine members
from each primary election precinct was
appointed by the chairman. A resolution
was adopted making it the sense of the
club that the apportionment, when made,
should be by primary election precincts.
A committee, composed of Dr. Henry
Flockensteln, Joseph M. Kinley, John A.
Fenton, W. P. Adams and Henry M.
Owens, was -selected to confer with like
committees of other clubs for the pur
pose of organizing a James D. Phelan
League of Clubs.
Accused of Theft.
Charles Jonas, a respectable appearing
man. was arrested last night and charged
with petty larceny. Jonas bought a gal
lery ticket for the Orpheum, but as the
place was crowded he was told to go to
the box office, where the money would be
refunded. There were a number of other
men clamoring, for the return of their
money and, according to one of them,
Jonas picked up 20 cents which was com
ing to him and attempted to leave the
place.
Notwithstanding Jonas' protestations of
innocence he was arrested and charged
with petty larceny. On learning the facts
. Judge Mogan promptly released him on
1 his own recognizance.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Susan Curlnson (Daus) to Nathan Connson,
! undivided 4 of lot on NE corner of Lombard
and Polk streets. N 60 by E 68:9; gift.
Florence R. Frisbee to Wilhelmlne Schrader
(wife of Otto), lot on E line of Noe street. 52:6
S of Fourteenth, S 25 by E 105; $10.
Charles Srhmaling Jr. to Margaret Schmaling,
lot on S line 'of Broadway, 16i> E of Leaven
worth street, E 23 by S 60.; $10.
Orville I>. and Millie E. Baldwin to William
Monaghan. lot on Nff line of Everett street.
142 :•! NE of Fourth. XE 13:9 by N\V SO; $10.
John A. and Palo' D. BeckwlJh to N. E. Beck
with (wife of William A.), lot on S line of
Twenty-fourth (Sonoma) street, 75 E of Kan
6aPSt E 50 by B 75 ; $10. .
Charles Sladky to George Schussler. lot on W
line of Sixth avenue, 150 N or A street, N 25
by W 120; $10.
William J. and Sara KilllD and Carrie C.
! O'Nell to George W. Hendry, lot on NE corner
; of Tenth avenue and D street, N 600 by E 120;
$10.
Lida and William Bell to American Surety
O mpany of New York, lot on E line of Tenth
I avenue, "100 N of I street. N :">0 by E 120; $10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G X Pattison. Pa |E II Amahan & w. Cal
F Rascher, Sacto E I> Wells, Modesto
C Solomon, Helena L Smith, Modesto
J X Parsons, USA Master Smith. Morlesti
E L Punay, Pea*. . c F M Chittenden. Cal
F E Coykendall. '^al F Bonner & w, Cal
(} Wiley. Port Costa |Mrs V W Miller, Cal
F A Daroux, Sacto iMrs T> E Camp, Cal
II G McCoomber, Cal W R Le<> &w, lowa
X P Wright & w, Cal 'J J Finney & w, Ccl
J H Myers. N V A Anderson, Suisun
M M Israel, N V W M Cutter, t'al
J K.-lshaw cfc w, Cal C W Chappel &w, Cal
H Byrne, L Ang ,A Edwards & w. Cal
J M Custer & w. Cal |.l E Ross, Ft Wayne
W W Ken-hum, 111 S Lembach, Portland
C H Bchlvelej <>r >vllle A Alexander, L Ang
O A Hoffmnh, Cal W T Van Kirk. Cal
I' McDonald & w Cal C B Bills, S Jose
Mrs L Br.Mennach, Ca B Arnold. Cal
Mr Breldenbach, Cal Mrs D Arnold, <-"al
Miss A B Smltn, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
F C Roberts, Cal Miss I Taylor. N V
H C McPike, Oakland G S Growenor, N V
H I' Manger, Albany :Mrs G S Gruwenor, N
L Molks. Cal V
M Isaacs. Los Ang E T Conk, Cal
W X Turner, Boston J H Sutherland. Minn
Mrs \Y II Turner. Bos Mrs .1 H Sutherland,
M J Uosenthal. N V Minn
Mrs E Fltzgibbon. N V G H Howard. Cal
Miss I FltZKlbbon, NY Mrs Q H Howard. Cal
R A Fltzglblion. N V «' L Merrlam. Cal
Mrs J .1 Hoffman, Cht? C H Shaw. England
W Gardener. NY DM Lumwlfn. Engld
c Ii Bqyd, Chicago O A Dolby, England
Mrs CD Boyd, ("hieag G S Llttlejohn. Syd-
Mrs X T Taylor. N V ney. N S W
Miss M G Knowles. N CMS Gardener, Eng
V P Jones. Minn
NEW WKBTERN HOTEL.
A Sltnkey. Manila J Pratt, Seattle
S Summerfleld, & w, G Onstbtt, Vancouver
Sacramento ]H Barton. Ls Angeles
A R Moulton, Cal 'j J Wilson. Vall.jn
]' (Cruse, NY |J Harrington, Prtlml
It S Fisher. Fresno F Haworth ft w, Cal
R W Gates, Chicago D Young, Ores-nn
A Bhuenwith cfc w,J MeGinley, st..ckton
Seattle .1 H Wall, Manila
W E FJ.-11. England J Wright, San Jose
J Rurk>-. Tacoma '
MEETING NOTICES.
SAN Francisco Chaoter No. 1, Royal _^\_
Arch Masons, meets this evening. |C3f
R. A. degree. - • /^r>
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at .^^_
7 o'clock 2D. By order of the W. M. Tt Jf
WALTER O. ANDERSON: tea />T>
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M. •
—Called meeting THIS (MONDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second IT Jf
degree. C. D. BUNKER. Sec. /▼>
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F m
and A. M., Franklin Hall, 1833 Fill- A
, more st.— Second degree THIS (MON- "JrV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By /V^
order of the master.
HARRY KAEHR. Secretary.
THE Sons of it George will ~_jPtj^
hold their 12th annual picnic IZZP^f^
at Glenwood. Santa Cruz t&MJS\. ~
Mountains. TUESDAY, MayEjQLxTS. B^*
30, 1899. There will be a _^g~ N -Cy^v
splendid programme of i\V*^«p.
games for which valuable * . \flP*'"""'^J
prizes will be awarded sue- ~ fiiSSESsJ*
cessful competitors. A full * a JffflH!§HHv'
military band will be in attendance at the
dancing pavilion. A most delightful day's
outing Is assured to all. Trains leave foot
of Market st. 7:45 and 8:45 a. m. Tickets,
adults $1; children 50c.
_ - JAS. HALL, President.
R. R. CHORLEY. Secretary.
THE Caledonian Club will hold its v «» >,
thirty-third annual gathering and 3V, fhjh
games at Shell Mound Park on y&£lLYp£
TUESDAY. May 30. As usual, 1 *
the best athletes of the Pacific Coast will
compete for prizes of coin, Jewels, badges and
other articles of value; $2500 In cash will be
distributed to successful competitors; full
bands and renowned bag pipers will furnish
music for the grounds and dancing platform;
a Hichland .hospitality will be extended to
guests and an unequaled day of pleasure will
be afforded to all comers; buy tickets for
Shell Mound Park; adults 50c; children lie.
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Sec.
TWENTY-FIFTH annual picnic given '«_^
by the Ancient Order of Foresters at CtT
California Schuetzen Park. San Rafael, Jl\
TUESDAY, May 30. Round trip, in- >£j»
eluding admission to park, 50c; children, 2.'c;
valuable gate and game prizes; train leave
9-11 a. m.. 12:35-3:30 p. m.
L,' .-.;;; V: M. BOEHM. President.
R. N. McLENNAN. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. H. Southwlck, In the North
2 Hill placer mine, near Milton. Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings In Rich Gulch:
from T. B. Bennett, In the Ohio mine, near
Wash, Plumas County, to deposit tailings on
a flat below the mine; from W. E. Duncan
Sr.. in the York Ranch placer mine, near
Spanish Ranch, Plumas County, to deposit
tailings on a flat below the mine; and from
Alfred Schofleld, In the Klondike mine, at
Whisky Diggings, Sierra . County, to deposit
tailings behind .the dam of the Washington
mine. In Slate Creek, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
ing, San Francisco, Cal.. on June 12, 1899,
at 1:30 p. m. ,
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899. at 11 o'clock In the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company
number 327 Market st. In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California: that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand ' dollars 500,000), in
United States gold coin. . for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure- the bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company. -.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company. •
(Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany. ■ ... ■
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES-PETER FREILTNG'S pile saTveTn^r
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, .no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero St.. near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, '$1 up-
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; teL 5520.
DIVIDEND : NOTICES.. ~~
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. S3 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany on and after THURSDAY. June 1, 189».
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY. May
26. 1899. ,at 3 o'clock p. m. ... ■
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOyjBKNT OFFICES. ~
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chl-
nese. .. 428 . Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black IJJL
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS \VAM'i:i)-ri;MALB.
COOK, first-class, 4 years 1 reference, desires
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
SWEDISH housegirl; good cook; 4 years last
place. Apply MRS. NORTON, Swedish and
German Employment Bureau, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG German woman wishes work by the
day. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN middle-aged woman; good cook and
houseworker; $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.. telephone Main
5332, cooks, second girls, young nurse girls
and girls to assist await positions.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
3 years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
STRONG -experienced girl wishes position at
general housework or cooking; good refer-
ence. Please call at 190S Scott st., between
Pine and California.
COMPETENT Eastern woman wishes a situa-
tion as first-class cook and will do some
washing; city or country; has good references.
74G Mission St.
GOOD cook and working housekeeper will take
a place In American widower's family; no
postals; good city references. 777 Market,
• near Fourth.
COMPETENT, reliable Infants' nurse, best of
city references, wants situation. 115 Walnut
st.. between Washington and Jackson.
COMPETENT girl. ,25. Protestant, wishes to
take care of children; a good home more
than high wages. Box 807. Call office.
WORKING housekeeper desires a position. 36Vi
Geary st., room 24.
SITUATION wanted by a German woman in
a first-class American family, to take care
of children and sewing; nine years in the
last place. M. G., box 741, Call office.
GERMAN cook wishes situation; will do house-
work: good cook; wages $25. 242 Taylor Et.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day wash-
ing and housecleanlng; $1 a day and car fare.
Box 851. Call.
AN experienced dressmaker, a good cutter and
fitter, will accept engagements in families;
$1 25 ncr day; references. Apply 1514 Bu-
chanan st. __
HOUSEKEEPER ; respectable woman; good
cook: no objection to children; can instruct in
music and English; good reference. J. A. J.,
3409 Mission st.
TRAINED nurse would like to care for inva-
lid in city or country; »o wages; expenses.
Box 649. Call office.
DRESSMAKER would like few more engage-
ments by the day; competent and experien-
ced; terms reasonable. 110 Hyde st., room 11.
EASTERN woman of 30 wishes position as
managing housekeeper; good home more of
an object than wages; city or country. 29
Eddy st., room 15, first floor.
WANTED— By young woman, any kind of work
by the day; wages $1 25 per day. Address
E. R., 20S Druram st.
INDUSTRIOUS woman in need wants mend-
ing or plain sewing to do at home. Address
box 755. Call office.
fcADY would like plain sewing and mending to
do at home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. washing,
Ironing and cleaning. 856 Mission st.
AMERICAN woman wants place as cook in
small institution June 1. Address box 8421.
Call office, Oakland.
LADY would like position to do plain Bewlng
or second work. 865% Market, room 9.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
situations Wanted— male.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42-4.
WANTED— By a respectable young man. a po-
sition as groom or coachman; will attend to
garden and fowl and general jobs attached to
a decent private place; well recommended by
society people. Box 771, Call.
YOUNG man will work on fruit orchard for $1
a day; must be steady place year around;
any riart of State; well recommended. Box
805, Call office^
MAN and wife like to have a place; man is a
good dairyman and milker; wife a good cook
and housekeeper. Address box 853, Call office.
RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes situation
' of any kind; understands restaurant business
thoroughly. Box 644, Call office.
THOROUGHLY experienced salesman, now
representing the largest manufacturer In the
East, having moved his family to California,
desires to connect himself with some reliable
house to represent them In California; am
capable of earning a good salary and will
not consider any line which will not pay it.
Address G. R. MOHR, Covina, Cal.
MAN and wife, with a boy of 5 years, want a
place in country; man as gardener; can care
fir horses and cows; wife a good cook and
housekeeper; can give the best references.
Box 766, Call office.
WANTED— By a respectable young man, a po-
sition as groom or coachman; will attend to
garden and fowl and general jobs attached to
a decent private place; well recommended by
society people.
WANTED— Position to take care of Institution,
public building or private place by a re-
spectable married couple without children;
good references; can put up security if re-
quired. Addreks D., box 682, Call office. Oak-
land. T
STRONG young man, 28, married, handy, neat
and reliable, good habits, with references,
wishes work of any kind. CHARLES A.
LANDIS, 252 Perry st.
COMPETENT stenographer wants employment;
steady nr otherwise; owns machine. Box 773,
Call office.
WANTED — Situation as Janitor or watchman;
thoroughly conversant with bell or electric
lighting; good references. Address Advertiser,
107"* Fifth st.
YOUNG well-educated German with $60 cash,
wants situation in office, store, etc. Address
box 770, Call office.
Mil H >LK-AGEI < German wishes position for
house and garden work; city or country;
small wages. R. X., box 769. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener; thoroughly %mpe"
tent and good, careful driver; can milk
and do all other work around gentleman's
place. Box C 96, Call office.
YOUNG man, Swedish, wishes situation In city
as porter private place; last place 7 years;
good reference. Box 810, Call office.
WANTED — Situation as nrst-class cheese and
butter maker; understands running engine
and cream separator; will take charge of
dairy. C. G., 417 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS coachman wants work; well up
in the care of horses and all stable duties;
careful driver; understands plain gardening.
Address box 43. Call office.
I COMPETENT rectifier and blender of spirits
I wishes situation; wholesale or retail; under-
; ptands all branches of the business. Address
box 760, Call office.
BAKER, foreman, with best of references,
wishes place a 6 such; city or country; bread
and cakes. Address Baker, 309 Third st.,
Oakland.
STEADY, sober young man would like a situa-
tion as second baker In hotel. Box 758. Call.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
Head waitress, $30; 12 waitresses for springs
and resorts, WO; waitress; 6 waitresses, resorts
near city, $20; 2 waitresses, same country
hotel. $20; waitresses for Orovllle. Hanford,
San Mateo, Mill Valley, Ross Valley. Vallejo,
Stockton. $20; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids, to wait, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
Woman cook for ranch In mountains. $20;
woman to run plain boarding house; cooks,
house girls and young girls to asßlst, for good
positions, $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
25 FIRST-CLASS Southern waitresses, about
June 15, for the very best resort hotels In Cal-
fornla, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
COMPETENT nursegirl to care for baby in
small American family: $8 to $10. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A NEAT girl ; light housework; $10 to $16. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A SHORT-ORDER cook; small restaurant; $7
per week. MIBS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A WOMAN with a child; $15 per month; for
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
3 COOKS, $25 to $35; cook, San Rafael. $35, see
lady here. MIS 3 CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Menlo Park, $25, see party here 11
o'clock; cook, San Jose, $25. MRS. NORTON
313 Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL, family of 2, $20; 3 housegirls, $25
each; 8 young girls to assist, $10 to $12; mid-
dle-aged woman, country, $20. MRS NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st. '
TWO waitresses; same country hotel- $22 SO
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st. '
YOUNG girl residing with parents for candy
store; short hours; $10 month for start 603
Post st.
GIRL for light housework and care of baby"
Call between 9 and 11, 127 Ash aye.
WANTED— Compositor. R. R. PATTERSON 7
429 Montgomery st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework
_ must understand_cooktng. 2616 California at.'
WANTED — Girl for housework; German Dre-
f erred. 1068 Market st., upstairs.
HELP ' WANTED— Continued.
GERMAN or Swedish girl to do cooking "£nd
kitchen work; must be good cook; wages S''s
336 Third st.
YOUNG girl for housework: 2 in family; wages
$8. 971 Church St., near Twenty-second.
WANTED— for general housework; ru>
washing: $15 month. Apply 153 Octavla st.
WANTED— GirI to assist in upstairs work and
take care of grown child. 229 Franklin st..
YOUNG Protestant girl for general housework;
. Email family. 1723 Post. • _^
VERY young girl to assist in light housework;
small wages; good home. 804 Turk st. '
WOMAN or girl for light housework for room.
and 'board. 215 Eleventh st.
GOOD cook wanted. 1220 Ellis st. ; references
required. .
FINISHER on fine custom coats. 120 Sutter
st., room 64. .
FINISHERS on pants. 85S Howard St.. over
* ba.l court; steady work.
WANTED— A~woman who understands cooking
to assist in kitchen. 5 Polk st^^
NEAT woman for housework and baby; small
wages. 410 V. Tehama st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with children;
small wages. 1649 Mission st.
POLK. 6101.— Neat respectable girl for light
housework. ,
FINISHER on coats; steady work. 473 Te-
hama st.
GOOD restaurant waitress. 7 Taylor st.
RESPECTABLE young girl for light house-
work; wages $10. 2777 Twenty-fourth st.
GIRL to assist in housework. Apply 827 Golden
Gate aye. . -
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; small
family: wages $10. 1279 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for general housework. 19168 Powell st.
WANTED— Young girl to wait at table; res-
taurant. 233 Sixth st.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
v thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed; terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leavenworth st. /
EXPERIENCED skirt hands to work in shop.
Call to-day, between '.» and 11, at 513 Market
St., second floor.
GOOD coppersmith; permanent employment to
the right man. Box 768, Call office.
WANTED— A good hand on vests; steady work;
good pay. Apply 411V4 Kearny st.
WANTED— Apprentice at dressmaking. 406 Sut-
ter .St., room 39.
PANTS finishers and apprentices. Royal Pants
. Co., 223 Kearny st., upstairs.
GIRLS to sew buttons on overshlrts. 36%
Fremont st.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable: moderate rate. 192 Seventh st. .
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
HELP WANTED— MALI-.
WANTED— 3 milkers, $30 and found; dairyman,
small dairy, $25, see boss here this morning.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Cook and wife, $60; 2 dishwashers
for country, $15 and $20; cook, country res-
taurant, $40; night dishwasher, $20 ; ranch
cook and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butler with references, $35. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 quartz miners, $2 50 a day; 6
travel miners. $40 and board ; laborer for
mine, $26; 100 timber fellers, lumber pilers,
Jackscrewers, at going wages; screw turner,
$70; shingle sawyer, $2 25 a day; milktrv. $25
to $30; carriage painter, $3 day; too] sharp-
ener, $60; gardener; laborers, $35, no office fee;
dairyman, $25; irun molder, $3 day; men for
brick yard, $30. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Maine 584S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT MONDAY FROM 7 A. M
32!>6 men from 90c to $15 per month and found
FOR CALIFORNIA ...ARIZONA.. .OREGON
Hawaiian Islands and Washington
....FREE FARE FOR SOME PLACES....
$42 and found. l 9 TEAMSTERS. S42 and found
Two and four horse teamsters, fare $1 3u:
steady Job
FOR A COMMERCIAL BANK
15 men or strong boys to dig small trenches
so water can go between trees in orchard,
vines in vineyard, later on to pick fruit, etc..
work In packing house; wages $20. if good
will be increased to $26.- no Sunday work on
this ranch, no experience required, fare $1 10..
$2 day.. INTO SAN MATEO COUNTY. .S2 day
76 laborers, common work, 70c fare $2 day
IN SAN FRANCISCO
35 laborers, no experience required
$30 and found
24 two-horse teamsters, $26 and $3u and found
and $1 75 day; boy to peddle, $15 and found; j
2 laborers, city factory
TO THE GOLD MINES. ETC
6 gold miners, $2 50 day; 14 laborers, $2 day;
2 carpenters 2 diamond drillers, $3 10 day
10 coal miners; 3 slate splitters, $2 50 day; 4
stablemen, city and country
$25 and $20 and found
TO FARMS AND DAIRIES
24 haymakers $125 day
112 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $30.
$26 and $20 and found
14 choremen, boys, etc
$36. $20 and $10 and found !
19 milkers, different jobs $30, $25 and $20
4 butter maker?, different jobs I
$30 and $25 and found:
BUTCHERS, PAINTERS
2 butchers, different jobs, drive wagons,
country. $30 and found, see boss hero
Carriage painter, city $2 50 and $3 5u day
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS i
32 crosscut sawyers $35 and found j
6 timber fellers $40 and found |
2 setters Steam's blocks $52 and found
3 bark peelers $26 and found j
5 jackscrewers $32 50 and found i
18 tree fellers $40 and found I
Head donkey man In woods $4U and found ,
6 spool tenders $30 and found I
155 laborers ...' $26 and found \
25 lumber pilers in yards and mills
$25 and found I
2 redwood peelers $2 day
Log fixer $2 day
Sticker hands $40 and found
287 tiemakers Be, 9c, 10c and 12c each
364 woodchoppers $2 50, $1 50 and $1 cord
..TOOLS FURNISHED ON WOOD AND TIE
JOBS
Oxen teamster $100 and found
BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS
5 blacksmiths, country shops, $3 and $2 50 day:
blacksmith, small shop, see boss here, $45 and j
found; 3 blacksmiths, ranches and camps. I
$30 and $40 and found; 3 blacksmith helpers, I
city and country Jobs I
Blacksmith and saw filer, sawmill company, i
$40 and found; machinist, small country shon. I
■ eadjr, $2 50 day; young man to work lm
blacksmith simp, $15 ar.w found ■. j
CARPENTERS— WOODWORKERS
3 carpenters, same job, Santa Cruz County..
Hardwood finisher and planing mill
Young man. little experience, carriage shop,
$40 and found
2 shlnglers, city Job $2 50 day
Young man to work in carriage shop, city
$9 week
LOS ANGELES ..FREE FARE. .DISTRICT
25 two and four horse teamsters, $2 and $1 75
day
17 laborers, same place $175 day
FREE FARE
16 laborers, Monterey County $175 day
12 two and four horse teamsters, same place..
$2 and $175 day
FIRST NATIONAL BANK ...
Will pay $2 day for each two and four horse
teamsters; we -want 25 men ..
COPY OF TELEGRAM ...'.'.'.'.'.'
Murray & Ready San Francisco
Ship Monday 150 sawmill men. laborers
etc Signature ..
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Dally we ship via S. P. Coast Division
Townsend st., 9 a. m
Drillers Office "fee" si
Hammermen Office fee $1
Stone masons Office fee $1
" ...Laborers Office fee $1
Two and four horse teamsters.. Office fee $1
Wages $3. $2 50, $2 25. $2 and $1 75 day
FOR .. OTHER RAILROADS. .FREE FARE
Santa Fe, Northern, S. J. V.. Sierra, and six
other railroads, all the men we can get
Free fare Office fee only $1
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS dTsH WASHERS
3 cooks, camps $40 and found
4 cooks, hotels $50, $40 and $30 and found
3 ranch cooks $18 and $20
12 kitchen hands, dishwashers. $25, $20 and
$15; 6 waiters, different places, $30 $25 and
$20 and found
_ MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
porters bak"er.-;
2 porters, country hotels $20 and found
Shop baker, exceptionally good job, $35 and
found: 3 assistant bakers and boys, $25 $20
and $15 and found. MURRAY & READY 634-
-636 Clay Bt.
WANTED— Carpenter for mine: good steady
job at $2 50 per day; screw tender for sawmill,
$70 per month, see boss here
farmers, near city $26
haymakers $1 25 per day-
laborers for mine $45
milkers, near city .• $30
laborers and teamsters for city. $1 6<i per day;
cooks and waiters for nice coffee saloon, near
city, $8 per week; and others. W. D. EWER
6 CO., 610 Clay st.
A MAN and wife, $40. MIsIFcULLEN 325~iui>
ter st.
WANTED— Steady man to keep plain accounts
and assist in light work: must have $125 cash
and be satisfied with $15 per week Western
Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
STRONG boy wanted to work in candy tan'
tory. Inquire 810 Market st.
WANTED— A farm hand. Call at RichTTrt
Restaurant. 317 Fourth st. "ichard
DISHWASHER, $10 a month «nri' ™--T^
Sunday work.' ipp,.: ,Tm.. & 606 Mls^n S.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
cT'rTiIANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
WANT MONDAY MORNING 7 O'CLOCK.
Second cook, $45; butcher, restaurant, . $40;
cook, plain hotel, $35 and found; short order
cook, $7 a week; dishwasher, summer resort,
fare advanced. $25; dishwashers. $30, $25, $20 V
and $5 a week. ; ■;:?;-:■ . ' „ .-m
Night waiter, country restaurant. $30 and I
room; waiter for a summer stage station,
$25; waiter, family hotel, $25.
Head laundryman for a springs hotel, $30
and found; starch ironer.. $-0 and found;
ironer, $35 and board, north.
MISCELLANEOUS
Screw turner, $50 arid board: spool tender,
$35 and found; S pliers, SI a day and board,
all north; 3 timber fellers. $40 and found;
chain tender. $30 and found; 3 axmen. $26
and found; 31 pliers, $26 and found, all see
boss here; 2 laborers for the woods, $30 and
board, see boss here; sniper. $2 a day; peeler,
»2 a day; 3 laborers, $1 50 a day, all for
oanta Cruz County; 10 crosscutters, $35 and
board.
Blacksmith, country shop, $2 and board a
«ay; blacksmith Tor a ranch, $30 and found;
Helper for a ranch $30 and found; lieli>.-r.
shop, $1 25 and board.
concrete finisher, $3 50 a day; carriage
painter, $3.
Farmer, 30 and found rare 50c; 5 farmers,
»-a; -0 hands for a large vineyard. $1 a day
and board; 8 farmers for an orchard. $20 ■
ana found, long Job; sheep herder, $20 and
round; farmer and wife, $40 and found. $1
fare; and others
... ...RAILROAD WORK— COAST ROAD
» stonemasons, $3 a day; 8 headermen. $2 50
to „'' teamst<? rs, 2 and 4-horse, $1 75 and
$-; Bhovelers, $i 75, all free fare.
- R- R. camp cooks, $50 each
■•„ , VALLEY ROAD
Tunnelmen, $2 50; benchmen, $2 25; ham-
mermen, »2; shovelers, $1 75; teamsters and
laborers. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
j COMPETENT, experienced gardener for park
; and hothouse work; $75 per month; steady
the year round; call early. C. R. HANSEN
_ CO.. 104 Geary st.
GOOD wheelwright. 1504 Folsom st.
BOY to run errands in tailor shop. 117 Russ
street.
WANTED— Young butcher to cut meat and
drive wagon. 2708 Mission st. >.
PORTER; a young man. Apply at 2 California T
st. JAMES ATKINSON.
STEADY barber wanted. 623 Clay st.
WANTED— Good operator on custom coats;
steady work. 40 Ellis St., room 52. -; -..-■
YOUNG man to wash dishes and cook short
orders, $5 a week. 233 Sixth st.
YOUNG man with $125 can make $75 a month;
good security. Call to-day, 625 Montgomery st.
WANTED— strong Mexican boy. Inquire at
this office. _
YOUNG man to learn wood, carving-. FINK
& SCHINDLER. 1309 Market St.
WANTED— first-class turner and band saw-
yer; steady work and good wages. Aden's
Planing Mill. Vallejo.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; %'i
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco. Cal.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, soma
nearly new, from 50c to $1 60; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
BARBER wanted. 108 Fourth St.; $4 guaran-
teed. .
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
STRONG, willing old country boy about 18. to
' learn trade, make himself useful; $4 a week
to begin. Box 739. Call office. .
200 CLEANEST rooms in city; 15c to $1 night;
90c to $3 week. New Grand, 246 Third St.
BUSH, 421, near Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand, $1 up.
FIRST-CLASS tunnel superintendent; good .al-
ary; references required: state experience.
Apply box 7848. Call office.
PAINTER, whltener, paperhanger, who will
take work out in rent. Address box 19. Call.
j WANTED— camp blacksmiths for general
work. Apply to E. B. STONE. Elmhurst.
I BARBER shop for sale in Healdsburg. J. M.
KEYES.
; COAL miners accustomed to "itching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines, Alaraeda County Cal.: sufficient
new ground has been opened up during th«
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no ether class of labor is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
i RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
| . road; apply at Stone's camp, nea" Giant sta-
tion; wages. $1 75 to $1 90: also first-da.*
. tunnel men: apply at Point Richmond: waves
$1 75. $2 and $2 SO. E. B. STONE San Pablo.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Devlsa-
dero and Broadway, city.
fcAILOHS anil ordinary men for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. « Pt^uart at.
150 men for cleanest houses In city. "Central
House." 871 Market, and "Branch House."
S6l: 15c to 50c night; all daily papers. ,: ' : ;;
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138% Eighth st. ; i::. ■
: 200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 250
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
! 250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House. 614 Howard, cor. New Montg.; single.
10c. 15c night; 60c. 90c week: reading room.
j PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
i Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
, BaRBERS' Progressive Union; free cmploy-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
i SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863H Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis st. • ;•:.•':
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; fre«
'bus i>nd baggage to and from the ferry.
| WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and, «
clerks. Knox Collection Atpticv. 112 SuttT «t.
. AGENTS WANTED.
i SELL Magic Heel Protectors, sample 10c: also
Leather Lustr;; sam. 25c. BROWN, 332 Bush.
i »____-_____^_»»___»___»___«__________________»_________ — __ M
HOOMS WANTED.
YOUNG man wishes a single room in a pri-
vate family; central location; if possible, no
other roomers. Box SOS, Call.
ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
AMATEUR musicians to Join orchestra for so-
cial purposes. 828 Bush St., room 4.
CATION AL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
■ saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics, i
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HE ALP'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 60. Flood build-
ing. S. H. TARR, Principal; pupils fitted
for all office work; course in bookkeeping;
rapid calculations unequaled; short time.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil. electrical, mm
Ing. mech. survey, assay, arch!.; day & eve •
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.'
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a.
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A H>deT
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
lness College. 305 Larkln st.. opp. City Hall.
CARPET CLEANING. ~~
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning works—
moves lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr '.
--i____L 40 E 'K"th st.: telephone South 250
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
hp n n t0 S PAULDING ' S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
° 300 P :^i. cl . caned ' 3c V* T yard. H. L. JONES.
300 McAllister st., cor. Larkin. Tel. Mint 150 i:
CE . Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO.WALCOM. Proprietor
J -« Mc i^ UEEN#S California Carpet Cleaning Co
 453 Stevenson st.: tel. South 228; lowest rates'. .
°STR E ?Trv!r^| , '_}.* _ c per yard; lald at 3c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
-?;- MIT HE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th '"
Bt.. .cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.,
U "nf; Steani Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden,
Gate; carpets cleaned. 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beatfmr Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. BUSimSSr CHANCES.
A-s3i*n ; CORNER saloon^ with "5 "furnished
rooms; established years; everybody knows
this as a money-making place: never clears
less than v - ■' per month; owner wants to
; 'IV!, .-f: r? l \ to Europe. Particulars R. G.
■L ILKE, W»i Market st.
A- $300; : RANCH Baker} in the Mission; 4
living rooms; rent $20; a good paying place:
n Marke°t ÜBtU Bt per month - h: g. wu.Ki:.
A- 5 lOOO; PARTNER wanted in detective
agency; the oldest and best established bu-
reau in this city. .Call H. G. WU.KE. 906
Market st.
A-5550; SALOON doins a good business; Mar-
?- £"., eventn Pts;; rent $40; a bargain. R.
■ G. ILKE, 906 Market st.
A-«.\on; SALOON, doing a first-class business;
estab. years, 50 feet from Call bWg.; account
,- or sickness. Particulars R. G. Wilke, 906 Mkt.
A-$1WO; CORNER - I bar; living
rms.; one-half block from Wielands Brewery;
rtaily rpcolpts bout $26: cash trade only: a
rare chance. Call K. <;. WILKE. 906 Market.
(450— BRANCH bakery and stationery store in
the Mission; living rooms; rent $18; average
dally receipts $10. Call R. G. WILKE, 9M
Market st.
J2OO-CORNER saloon; rent $35; California and
Market Ht . 8 - R. G - WILKE,. 906 Market tit.
$200— Restaurant; daily receipts- $20; rent,
_ WL Call R G . WILKE. 906 Mark t st
A— $1000; OLD-ESTABLISHED ment"niarket;
well located; fixtures worth the price: monthly
$1400. CREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
A— s3so; CANDY and ice cream parlors; Mark,
M-: $18 daily. KREDO & CO., 22Vj Geary st.
A-$225; BRANCH bakery an.i notions; •- daily;
stock. KREIH) & CO., 22>- 2 (Scary St.
A-tW ; RESTAURAN 1 . . urnish-
Ings; flm class; dally receipts $40. XI ; E 1 - ' &
;iCO., 22'-i Geary st.
f l3nu.-iinTlHT7le7r7~slso r er~month.
? ! r;;°-, Sal V" n : d^rs 5250 per month,
l^ rf. , ory; c!l>;l!S *!«> Per month.
S4i.i>-( i,a l yard: clears $100 per month. '
£ __ ___^Z:. l^L A i'^^N'CY, 7S3',i Maik.-t st.
A— FINE list of good business propositions for
sale and exchange; country and city hotels,
restaurants, coffee houses, branch ikerles,
cigar stands, groceries, rm-rohandise etatlon-
Market st.
MILLINERY and dressmaking parlors at your
TVPttJ^"^ l ir °rrittors sick. GERMAN-
AMERICAN. 34 Kearny st.
$1800— SALOON ami merchants 1 lunch house
among wholesale stores; bargain: sickness of
owner cause of sale. Mclaughlin &. CO.
«.« Market st.
A— SlCiw; GROCERY and bar; centrally located;
sacrifice to-day. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
$250— SALOON; north Market; doing good busi-
ness; owner sick; must sell. JONES & CO.
£65 Market st. '
POOR MANS CHANCE.
$1250 — Terms, $450 cash; old-fashioned house
containing six rooms and high basement;
Third aye.. bet. Point Lobos and Clement;
size of lot, 35x70: cet permit from office to
Inspect. F. A. McNALLY .<• CO.. 19 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— A good reliable modern grocery
clerk, familiar with the business and the city,
having $2000 cash to go in partnership with a
wholesaler and run a branch store in a very
good location secured ahead and ready to
op^n. Apply with references to box 396, Call.
$:>oo— PARTNER wanted in established busi-
ness: 2 places to look after; plenty of work;
no experience; trial given. 265 O'Farrell st.
GROCERY and bar in Mission at inventory;
owner going to Manila: cheap rent. Appiy
X*9 Mission st.
BAKERY in country town, doing good business
outside and inside. Apply Call office.
jriT-CLASS EBioon, East t.. nr.Market ; account
ill health. Lane .v Connelly, 204 Market st.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar. Apply cor. Precita
aye. and Folsom st.
FOFJ sale — Old established restaurant; cheap.
131. Polk st.
$3w— GOOD-PAYING saloon in business center
of city. Inquire Call office.
SHOESHOP must be sold: good paying ' busi-
ness; 1 room furnished; good prices. 332 Bush.
124,50 FOR Bale, good business property; lodg-
ing-house and stores with business; a part
cash. Address Owner, box $45, Call office.
Al SALOON; bargain; opp. the California Thea-
ter; fitted up in the most modern style, with
club room adjoining. 423 Bush st. .'..:"
$SOO— FAMILY liquor store and bar, with living
rooms; cheap rent; central location; a bar-
■ galn. Address box SO3, Call office.
THE be&t-paying home bakery in the city; suit-
iibJe tor h-.an alid.wire cr two ladies. ■ Bux
K r .s, Cail office.
FOR SALE— Cheap; a first-class wood yard in
Oakland; pood trade; best location. 518 Sixth
St., Oakland.
$15.0— PARTNER wanted, iady or gent, in es-
tablished paying business. 628>t I St.. Sacto.
HOTEL in MeyßeJd, 13 rooms, all furnished;
rent HO. H. M. COVERT, 425 California st.
$125— GOOD-PAYING andy crisp business for
sale; a snap; investigate. 1905 Central aye.
BARGAIN— Notion, stationery and candy store;
near school; cheap pent. 1105 Buchanan st.
TO sell an Interest in an original invention;
lady preferred. Box Sl2, Call office.
SHOEMAKER with family can buy good shoe
. repairing place on installments. 4102 Nine-
teenth st . near Castro.
LOT of furniture, bedding and crockery cheap.
Apply at 227 San Carlos ive.
■PAYING stationery store; fine location.
Inquire CUNNINGHAM. CUKTISS &
WELCH, 321 Sansome st.
FOR sale— Delicacy and dairy produce busi-
ness: a good place for man and wife; will
be soid at a sacrifice. Box 740, Call.
A SACRIFICE— OU-established fmlt store;
«d chance. 130 Bth. nr. Mission: no agents.
SALOON a:id 6-room lodging-house, completely
furnished, for sale. SO Jackson st.
GOOD location for fruit store or butcher shop;
rent reasonable. 290 Third aye., near Clement
st. : take Butro car.
FOR SALE— A good blacksmith shop, for $300;
■wish to retire from business. Box 636, Call.
PARTNER with some capital wanted to manu-
facture combination door mat, patented.
CHAS. KUHN, Frultvale. Cal.
FINE store fixtures and showcase; i- living
rooms: suitable branch bakery and notions.
2548 Folsom.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from QEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento Bt.
ROUTE en this paper for Bale. Apply tni»
office.
LODGXKU HOUSES FOR SALE.
lT^ROOM'~hoirse ; worth $600 $250
16-room house; on Sixth st ■•■"
2S rooms; sunny corner; clears $200 1100
2»i-room house in Oakland: only 850
in rooms; best corner In th« city 1800
10 rooms; on Jones; worth $1000 90
14 rooms; on Taylor st. (good) ■'•["
. 21 rooms; on Howard st ' too
' 20-room boarding house; clears $.TOO 22n0
1020 MARKET ST. I 20 MARKET ST..
W H. C. DECKER.
lf:20 Market ft. 1020 Market st.
$1500 BUYS a 5 room transient house, clears
$1W- tWf buys 2S-room house, cheap nt, bar-
gain- $300 buys 10-room house, good furnl-
tim-;' money loaned -at 2 per cent. EITEL,
101* Market Ft. •
WINSTON & CO.. i' 1 -"' Market st.
17 rooms; r<-nt $50; near/Tlvoli $S;.O
24 rocms; rent $35; reduced to 4._>o
48 rooms; rent $75; Market 5t.... 1050
60 rooms; rent $50: part cash <>•>«
CO-ROOM house in good order; partly furnished;
rent cheapest In city; terms reasonable, < all
247 Second Bt.
FOR sale chesp— House; 9 rooms; good order;
selling <~>n fic-ount sickness. 278 Minna- st.
X I it Mil RE v ' Ol^^ Ij^_^_^
FURNITURE and carpets. Apply at 1605 V.
Jones st. ....
TAPESTRY Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
DBWEY Navigation and Trading Company
will dispatch their first vessel on or about
June 10 1899, for St. Michael, Cape Nome and
Kotzebue Sound. Contracts for passengers
and freight must be made with the general
office; no outside agents. For particulars
apply to CHAS. F. BLANDIN, President. 10
California Bt.. room S.
MINING ENTERPRISE. r ,.^.'r
TO the new cold fields. Lower California—
Dewey Navigation and Trading Company will
dispatch a fast vessel to Todos Santos and
Asuncion Bay. Lower California, the early
part of June with passengers and freight;
accommodation* for 150 passengers; call early,
as only few berths left. ''HAS. F. BLAN-
DIN, President. 10 California st.. room 5.
*~" ' " STOKAGEV
PIERCE & TAYI/>R. packing and storage of
L furn. *H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. Tel BtacJ 311.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and , Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel, Main im
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
72Z Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. ( lay J5.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021% Market «U. l>et. 6th and lib.
PERSONALS.
IF ARCHIE MORRISON formerly of Wheat-
land, Cal., will write to his tather he Will
hear of somvthing to his advantage. HUGH
MORRISON.
UNCI 'I,N m. .:
Bell 8 lbs cofTeo, S1 ; 12 cans tab!*> peaches,
W; 2;". cans sardines. $1; 12 cans oysters. $1;
20 lbs rice. $1; 4 rolls butter. $1; 20 cans devil-
ed ham, $1; 60 .-ak' s s.>ap, $1; ZSJbs prunes or
pears, $1; 20 lbs cornstarcb, $1; B-lb can bak-
Ing powder $1; Ifl lbs cheese, SI; flour. 7">e
sack. LINCOLN BROS., Cash Grocers; 226
Blxth st . at.. \ c Fols ■'■'
LEDERER'S u.riNToNK'A. a rare hair fntc.
bottle; cleanses the seal;.; sec great win-
dow display this week. G. LEDERER, 123
Stockton St.
LEDERER'S artistic hairdressers have that
t ach which makes a coiffure stylish; price
2& . swit •!.. s. ?! up; open Sundays and holi-
days :• to 12 a. in. 12:! St..* kton st.
A- KLKGANT ladies' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. H. KRAMER, 20 San-
I some st.
j LADIES' tailor-made suits. 51 week. Chicago
Clock Co.. ISI4 Market st Open evenings.
CEMETERY fences; best w..rk; lowest prices.
! DOUGLAS, Central »ye.. bet. Bush and Pine.
PRIVATE Sanitarium Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr 25th: Guerrero st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
SVMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
K. YOSHITANL 313 .Sutter St.
JOHN I, BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney .-it Law, and • Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Sj
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patent s
. ts in every r6( n.. Win I
tel, 44 Thir I st., near M.;rk-t ; 700 I
i i $1 (0 i.er night; SI B0 to $0 per v. •••■k:
"bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
:-. billheads, cards, tn I
or Etatem< nts i rinted, $1 50; send for sara-
printer, 511 Sacramento st. ;
• Main IS3S.
T BRILLIANT, S3S-3* Post Bt, will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suitF. etc.. i n very easy payments.
■ tailor-made • i ts; low
prices; eaey payments. Eastern outfitting
. cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton st.
DR. (UKKI.Y'S Dog Hospital, 1
office Horse Hospital. r!0 Golden Gate aye.;
rate ward for contagious diseases
(SHORTHAND, typewriting and en\'elope ad-
dressing. Apply room 4O'l. Examiner building
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint '.'.'7. JACOBS, 1023 Fold m st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOB, 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and
SUITS to order on installments at cash
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. US Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion; guaramd. Dr.Gordin.sl4 Pine, ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $B:bed toungea
U 50: open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 Sixth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng <\ Nolte,
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell * Mason.
CHEAPEST and be.--t In America The Weekly
Caii. 16 pages, sent t' 1 any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
RHMOVED to 357 Geary st.; dresses made, IS
up: perfect fit. MM?: C.nbliSTKiN.
: SPIRITUALISM.
" A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
f life reader: medical clairvoyance; treat all pri- I
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis j
free; sittings, Jl. 232 Stockton st.
3 ELSIE REYNOLDS and MISS HODGE give a
Joint materializing seance Monday evening; 2
t cabinets in same room; 50c. 330 Ellis st.
- MRS.. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
i palmist: satisfaction or no pay. :'34'- : Sixth.
. MRS. MEN A FRANCES, Independent slate-
writing medium. 118 Haight Ft.
- MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m. ;
r Mon., 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia St.
- MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
■ CL.AIIIVOVA.VTS.
MME. SYLVESTER, the celebrated clairvoy-
ant, palmist and card reader, returned from
abroad, opened parlors at 112 Mason st., near
i Ellis: hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. . open Sundays;
fee 25c: for ladies only; card reading at pri-
• vate entertainments.
■ MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond light; diagnoses disease; full life read- '
Ing; ladies, 5Gc; grents, $1: sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk, j
MME. GORING, the powerful . clairvoyant.
brings lovers together; settles domestic
troubles. 345 Fifth st.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards.
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6.
YOUR future told by cards; satisfaction guar-
anteed; price 25c. 1322 Mission st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card, reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th. im. 12. |
' MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post st., room 7.
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 36% Geary St., rooms 1 and 3.
! MRS. FRANK IK WILLIAMS has returned;
magnetlst. 906 Market St., room 21.
MME. AUGUST. 1160 Mission st. ; clairvoyant,
card. reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS MAY FOX. celebrated card reader. 304 |
Sutter st. I
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader, j
removed to BGSV2 Market St., rooms 8-9. j
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist. !
Parlors 12 and IS. second floor. S63Vi Market.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis st., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader. JOe; ladles only. j
543 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned revealer, first
In her profession; never falls. 325 A Sutter st.
I MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary at., rooms 1 and 2.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. 118 Grant aye, r. 16, second floor. !
MME. RA VENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A. FAUKE. card reader and palmist, 405
Kearny St., r. 34: French and English spoken. j
' MME ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom- '■
ctrist; parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market st. |
• MMX SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hu»-
-1 band's picture, 2.".c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell «t.
| ~~~ PALMISTRY.
i MME NEERGAARD'. pupil of Count St. Ger-
i in;'.in<\ Cl 6 Geary St., above Jones; tel. Hyde
i 2621; reading by mail, fL '
YOUR fate is in your hand; scientific palmis-
try. MMX. GERMAINE, 906 Market St., r. 30.
A— MME BUSHNELL, the famous palmist.
916 Bush St., between Taylor and Jones.
FOR SALE- MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
i •• GENUINE C. F. Martin guitar for $20; cost
i originally $45. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye. j
' BARS; back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission at.,
above Sixth. •
A _ — AN overstock —
St Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market St.; all j
styles new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies ; best beer pumps; cheap; lnstal lints
FINE young mastiff for sale cheap, account
shortage of room. 1153 Octavia st., between
B und 10 .i m.
KLONDIKE DOGS , ; ..•.•.-
Well-trained sled dogs for sale at 2137 Lor-
n: bard st.
GASOLINE engines, second hand, from 2 to 20
horsepower; cheap and guaranteed.
NATIONAL cash register and fire-proof safe
for sale cheap. 42 Main St.. B. .F.
ELFGANT bar fixtures; must sell at once." 105
Mason gt.. between 12 and 5 p. m.
DRESS pants, $2 95; fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
Ing Parlors, 513 Montgomery, cor.Commerclal.
I FOR sale— Cheap; bakery and notion store. 909
Bryant st.
GASOLINE engines— 1 h p. $100, 2 h p. $125, 3
h. p. 1150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 627 Mission.
A— '■■ SO DERBY and Fedora hats, 'Tl 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny at., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap iron and
Lais bought. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, 511 Mission st. .
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale st. ■
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
light, sold and exchanged. ' 1063 Mission at.
SAFES \JI sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE ' ' '•• 417 Sacramento % st.
!•< .i.vi'HDXK. attachment 'only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand all
| sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F. 1
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 29, 1899.
houses to let.
BAY WlNlJO^v TTou^E^2l?~Kn^irr^ear
Fourth St.; 4 rooms; rent $10; water free.
Apply to G. H. tngBSEN & CO.'
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 5 rooms. 16 Metcalf place, off Geary,
between Mason and Taylor.
HOUSE, 6 rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements; rent $16. 2754 Twenty-third st.
LAGUNA, 1717— House of 8 rooms, 'bath; base-
ment; yard; newly papered; rent $30.
PACIFIC Heights residence; 1907 Pacific aye.,
near Gough St.; 8 rooms, servant's and store-
room, heater, etc.; marine view; new plumb-
Ing; newly papered and painted: low rent.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market St.
THE most charming spot in the Mission; mag-
nificent view; delightful climate; fine large
ground?; flowers and lawn; NW. corner Guer-
rero and Twenty-first; electric cars; house of
12 rooms in perfect condition; stable and car-
riage house; rent low to good tenant Apply
to E. G. DENNISTON, 3454 Twenty-first St.,
near Guerrero, or 655 Mission st. ; key at cor.
2 VERY pleasant sunny houses, 3386 and 338S
Twenty-first st., near Guerrero; electric cars;
7 rooms, laundry, bath; in first-class condi-
tion: rent satisfactory to good tenant. Apply
to E. G. DENNISTON, 3454 Twenty-first- st.,
or 655 Mission; key at corner. ,
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
DEVISADERO, 1125 — Completely furnished
sunny corner upper flat, 4 rooms; bath; reas.
CAPP, 614— Runny 10-room house; will rent for
3 months or longer.
PARTLY furnished house; modern conv'ces;
2533 Mission. Apply room 8, Flood building.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms, yard, basement; $10.
3254 Folsom St.; key in corner grocery.
TO LET— 1562 Turk St.; 4-room cottage; also
cottage 3 rooms, large stable treasonable.
$6— REAR cottage: 4 rooms, basement; water
free. ' 339 Jersey st. ; Castro cars.
$12— SUNNY cottage: 6 rooms; newly renovated.
5 Railway aye.. off Dolores; key 3579 17th.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M Pl'Ki'K i CO., 667 Market st .
FLATS. ■ COTTAGES. •
4314 th aye., 6-r $1". 1245 Sanchez, 5-r. .513 50
1217 Pacific, 5-r 13 1241 Sanchez. 5-r.... 13
318 Pt Lobos. 5-r.. 12 501 315 Jersey. 5-r 13
1914 Union. 5-r 12 4218 26th. 5-r 13
32S Lombard, 5-r ... 12:3993 Army, 4-r 8
ADELAIDE place, 8, off Taylor, nr Post— Flat
4 nice sunny rooms, $12.
FELL. 492 — Elegant modern flat;' 6 large sunny
rooms; bath; cellar; $26.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. '•
FLAT of 5 rooms; large yard; $10. 417 Green
street.
FRANKLIN, 714. near Golden Gate aye.—
Lower bay-window flat; 4 large rooms; bath;
yard.
HOWARD, 1806 Sunny double bay-window
flat; 6 rooms and bath; $15.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Upper flat, 5 rooms;
gas; bath; modern Improvements.
MODERN flat of 4 rooms and bath, $18. 18(15
Eddy St.. near Scott.
NEW flat; 4 large rooms, bath and laundry;
rent' cheap. Apply at 349 Liberty st.
NICE flat. ! sunny rooms; all modern im-
provements; rent cheap. 3397 Sacramento st.
NINTH. 243— Modern bay-window flat, 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
SHARON, 88, bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
Sanchez and Church— slB, new flat, five rooms
and bath, cellar, yard, stable for 2 horses. •
SIXTH, 536 A —Upper flat; 6 rooms, bath; front
and rear entrance; large yard; rent $12.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats: 7 rooms and bath; $16; repairs to
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY corner flat, 7 rooms and bath, cheap.
64 S Minna St., near Eighth.
THIRD, 415 A —Sunny ..at, 8 rooms, latest im-
provements, 2 front suites with bay windows.
TURK, — Sunny flat. 4 rooms; large base-
ment; rent $12; no children.
UPPER flat, sunny corner; 5 rooms, bath and
yard; $10. 114 San Jose aye.
UPPER sunny flat: 6 rooms; modern improve-
■ ment."; fine location; rent cheap. 1212 Fulton.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms and bath; rent reason-
able. 244 Oak ?t. • •
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny room*; pantry:
storeroom; $12. 2415 Clay St.. near Fillmore.
5- ROOM flat to let. 71 Clementina St., near
Second; rent reasonable. - •, ■
6 ROOMS, $14; cottage. 4 rooms. $18. Key 623
Second St.. corner Rlncon aye. % - ■
$8 50— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye.. near Laguna and Hayes, Bts.
$9— HAVES. 887%; flat of 3 rooms; new plumb-
Ing and separate yard.
LOWER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
Ft. off Market, near Valencia.
CORNER upper flat, 6 rooms and bath.
Apply grocery corner 24th and Florida ats.
$13 50— SHIPLEY. 297 A. near Sixth; flat, 5 sunny
rooms; bath; gas; yard.
$16— 5-KOOM upper flat. 4140 Twentieth St..
near "Castro. ____^_^__^__^_
FURMSHED FLATS.
LOVELY furnished flat; fine marine view. 1817
Leaven worth st.
" ROOMS FOR HOUSEItEEriAG.-
A— LARGE sunny rooms, .furnished complete
for housekeeping; 2 folding beds, one in kitch-
eh, one in bedroom; $10 per month, $2 75 per
week; furniture all new. Apply at shoe store,
.'62 Mission St.. bet. First and Second st.-.
AT* 14A Geary st., a completely furnished suite
for housekeeping; closets and running water
In both rooms; $20; also other rooms cheap.
BRANNAN, 422. near Third— 2 upper sunny
rocms, furnished or unfurnished; rent $6 mo.
BUSH, 1408, near Van Ness— 3 nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping, $20.
CLAY. 172?, near Van Ness aye.— To let, 3
rooms, furnished or unfurnished. •
EDDY, 917—2 or 4 nicely furnished, clean, con-
necting; gas range; splendid location.
ERfE, 47—2 and 3 housekeeping rooms, separate
entrance, garden; rent $10 and $13.
GEARY. 1917— $18; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404— Elegant parlor suite,
vacant after June 1; references.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
pas stove; use of telephone.
HARRISON, 676— Parlor floor, 3 flrje sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
HARRISON, 946— Pleasant sunny front rooms
• for housekeeping, only $8 a month.
HOWARD, — 2 or 3 rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window and other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25c, 75c night; $1, $2 50 week.
HOWARD. 827 A —2 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping. $2 per week, $8 per month.
HOWARD, 106S— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete; all conveniences; $125 per week up.
HOWARD, 20ij«A, near 16th— sunny parlor
suites for housekeeping, $10 and $12; bath.
HYDE, 329—2 nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms, complete for hskpg.; single; reas.
HYDE 609—8 to 4 housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished complete, with range, from $12 to $16.
Call Monday.
KEARNY, 104—2 unfurnished rooms, $10; 3 fur-
nished rooms, $20.
LEWIS, 18, oft Taylor, near Post— 3 unfurnished
sunny rooms; also 2 rooms; cheap. ■■
LEXINGTON aye., 375— Large unfurnished
room, suitable for nousekpg; private family.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished basement house-
keeping room, $1 60 per week.
NATOMA, 639' i— 1 or 2 rooms, furnished for
housekeeping.
NINTH, Sunny housekeeping and single
rooms; with running water; reasonable.
OAK. 119— Sunny front room, clean and fur-
nished complete for housekeeping, $5.
POLK, 608—2 or 4 sunny unfurnished rooms on
bathroom floor; private residence.
POLK. 610—2 or 3 sunny furnished housekeep- i
ing rooms; gas range; private family. . •
SIXTH, 108 — 2 sunny furnished rooms suitable
for light housekeeping. _^
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, IR4— 2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; also single room.
STOCKTON, 711— Nice ' furnished rooms for
housekpg, $8 to $10 month; other nice rooms.
THIRD, 303— Furnished sunny front rooms; also
rooms for light housekeeping; quiet place. ■
TURK, 405, ' corner Hyde— 4 connecting front
rms.. with good stoves; suitable 2 families.
TWENTY-THIRD. . 3278. near Valencia—
-furnished housekeeping, rooms; renovated;
bath; laundry. - • ■I■■>' -, > j
HOI_gEKEEPIXG ROOMS— Continued.
VALENCIA, 921—."! nice clean convenient house-
keeping rooms; cheap.
' VAN NESS aye., 904— Unfurnished sunny par-
lors; also other rooms; housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant,
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
j AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 B0 day. MRS. J. KING.
A SUTTER. 715. S3l— Furnished beautifully;
very choice; reasonable; appreciated if seen.
A- BtITTEK, 715— Sunny furnished rooms; pri-
vate family; all conveniences", gentlemen only.
A— TAYLOR, 149, corner Eddy— Neatly furnish-
ed sunny front rooms, from $2 50 week up.
| AT 16 Stockton st., "Th# Pup"— Nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.
) ALMA, 441 Geary— Newly furnished sunny
! rooms; suites $1 50 week and up; transient.
j BUSH, 1124— Beautiful rooms, $10 and $12; sun,
i bath, running water; home comforu.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
j ntshed and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
I>KVISADERO, 1823— Furnished rooms, private
family, $5 per month.
EXPERIENCED woman to cook and do light
housework for 2 for rm. and bd. Box 163, Call.
I GEARY 656— Elegant sunny front rooms; other
! rooms; privilege light hkpg. ; piano; 'phone.
' GOLDEN t.ATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
I GRAND -SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week^
HARRISON. 94 1>— Pleasant sunny front rooms
for 2; also single rooms.
HAVES. 73S- Two sunny furnished connecting
I rooms to let; running water; gas.
i JESSIE, 162. near Palace— Nicely furnished
sunny double room. 51 60; single, $L
j JESSIE, 315V4. near Fourth— Several furnished
rooms in private family; newly furnished;
| rent reasonable.
: KEARNEY, near Sutter— Large light room for
j $6 a month; gas free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
j LARGE sunny furnished room to rent reason-
able. Call 865 Mission St.
i MINNA, 667, corner Eighth -Newly furnished
! hay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
j MISSION, 865— Large sunny furnished room;
rent reasonable.
MISSION. 1220— Large room for two; running
• water; grate; $10; single for $5.
MISSION. ISl6— Neatly furnished double rooms;
also 2 others unfurnished; sunny; adults pfd.
MISSION. ir. 14 — Sunny single front room; low
j rent; private family.
; O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights: day. week or month.
' O'FARRELL, 208—1 single, $5 per mo., and 1
double furnished room, $2 week.
; OFARRELL, 271. nr. Powell— Elegant modern
; sunny rooms, suite and single; reasonable.
or.VRRELL. 589—2 furnished rooms for house-
■ keeping: gas; bath; sunny; $14 per month.
POWELL, 15, adjoining c,,i U mbla Theater—
Well-furnished o.ulet rooms; day, week or mo.
! ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $S; month, $S to $30; elevator on
', office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
' near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 13-> I_.-inre front mom suitable for
business; also rooms for light housekeeping.
; SIXTH, 408—2 front connecting rooms, suitable
•> men or housekeeping; bath; $10 and $12.
TAYLOR, 112 -Nicely furnished sunny suites;
: also sunny single rooms; from $2 to $5 a week.
THE WALDORF, 24 Filth St.. near Market-
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THIRD. 119 (The o a ks> -New nrst-claes up-to-
date rooming house: is now open.
; VAN NESS, 904— Elegantly furnished alcove
; and sinirle room: reasonable.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
; AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
CASTRO, C 44, near Nineteenth -Desirable fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, with bath.
j ELLIS, MS— Nicely furnished rooms with first-
class board; $20 per month.
GEARY, 721— Handsomely furnished rooms In
private farrfciy; good board; reasonable; refs.
, O'FARRELL. 74? — Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking: single. $2K; double. $20.
: POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
pq.— Furnished suHps and single rooms; In
business locality for table boarders.
! ROOM and board cheap. 646 Howard s-t.
! THE Longworth, 522 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished; single rma.; table board.
! 1 OR 2 children to board, and room for par-
ents. 436 Minna st.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
' GOOD home for children, $S; Infants. $10 per
mo 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth at.
RESTAURANTS.
I WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
i cream parlor. 1035 Market St.; popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
SEVENTH st.., opposite new Postofflce; store
i and 5 rooms; $20.
i SIXTH, 538— Store and 3 rooms; large yard;
rear entrance; rent $10.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DENTISTS.
DRT'f. S. HIGGINS' Dental ParTorß?~~
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth St.
! AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
i $3 f>o up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p, m. ; Sunday, 9 to Si
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
i DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., cx-
i tracts and fills teeth painlessly by hts wonder-
ful secret method; crowns; $2; bridges, $4;
, rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings. 25c jp; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridgte, $5 up; painless ex-
! traction guarnntee"d; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St., cor. Gth.
VAN VROOM— Painless dentißtry; guarantee 10
years; lowest prices; 10 operators; no stu-
I dents; painless extraction by electricity. 997
Market st.
Dr7 LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market si. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason St., corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist, 969 Mission St., corner
Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, f>oc up; crowns,
$3 up: open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
LOST.
LOST— Dark blue greyhound, white spot on
breast, Friday night; reward. C. ANDER-
SEN, 227 Second Bt., or 57 Clementina.
FORESTERS' badge, marked Court S. F. No.
7. A. R. PATERSON; suitable reward. 32
i Steuart st.
___,
; LOST— Black cocker spaniel dog with tag 2365.
Reward at 810 Geary st.
LOST or stolen- Bicycle, from entrance of Em-
porium. Reward at 2">S 13th f>t.; no questions.
FOUND.
For ND— Brown water spaniel dog. G. H
PORTER, Cal. Market, after 6 p. m.
FOUND— Sorrel mare; prove property and pay
! expenses. 1908 Greenwich st.
I FOUND— Pair fox terrier pups; prove property
: ajid pay expenses. lf>2n Greenwich st.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 46.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer, White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
j ALL kinds bought aold, exchanged, rented; re-
i pairing at lowest rates. 503 Fourth st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MATERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071}* Market St.. S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
IfIUDICAI*
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
In her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $6. No in-
struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER,
acent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
pills, 510 Eddy «t., bet. Hyde and Larkin; of-
fice hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to S; Sun-
days, 4 to 8 p. m.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WTETH, 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential:
home for patients; comfort and privacy
MRP DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to B and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles. from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once, safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5; restores In 1 day and
prevent? disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free: ladles' phvsiolan, practice 37 years
DR. POPPER, 31K Kearny st.
A— DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023H Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
clfco: all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married la<ltes know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards A Co., 406 Clay
st. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 831 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; J2 50,
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; rPli-
able, safe, sure; maternity home: no instru-
ments; consultation free, confidential: home
treatment. $5. DRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness.
"MERITO"; safe; sure: a boon to married
ladles: write for circular or call Merlto Mfg.
Co., 227 I/eavenworth st.. San Francisco.
MRB. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye. ;
private home in confinement.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
prpps of the human body. 11" Mason St.
ml'sicaX Tnstrcments.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for J6
cash and |6 per month, we ask you to investl- j
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$6 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
■ts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLKR & CHASE'S.
2*. 28 and 30 OFarrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
PIANO, furniture, billiard table, etc.; must be
sola P. D. Q. DAVIS. 1111 Market et., near
Seventh. Odd Fellows' building.
FOR sale — Upright Steinway piano in good or-
der; also Caiigraph typewriter No. 3. 1900
Vallejo st.
OUR specialty is renting n»w pianos; $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
r7 7~~DANIELS~is~ now with BYRON
MAUZY, SOB to 312 Post st.
A— rPRIGHTS, «9 up: Installments, $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Eilis.
A NEW Chlckering and 3 Stelnways. Keeffes,
1019 Van Ness, nr. Geary: tel. Larkln 706.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
9OHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st., next Hibernla Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LKR A CHASE, 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MI'LI.ICK, mnker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
~ PRO PO VU.S.
PROPOSALS.
STATB PRISON SUPPLIES
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received at
the office of the Clerk at State Prison, SAN
QUENTIN. until 10:30 a. m. SATURDAY,
10TH DAY OF JUNE, 1899,
And at the office of the Clerk at State Prison,
FOLEOM, until 9:30 a. m. SATURDAY,
17TH DAY OF JUNE. 1599,
At which times and places they will be
opened in presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, con-
sisting of subsistence stores, forage, fuel,
clothing, medicines, lime, cement and other
staple supplies, from July 1, 1899, to June JO
1900, inclusive, on conditions as per printed
schedule, which will bo furnished upon ap-
plication at either of the above offices.
No bid will be considered unless made upon
said schedules, nor unless accompanied by
the certified check therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers In
the classes of articles to be furplshed. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount, payable to R. M. Fitz-
gerald, President of the Board, of his bid
conditioned that the bidder will enter into a
contract upon notice of acceptance as re-
quired by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rately. All payments made on contracts will
be paid In cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules.
The Board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids as the public interest may re-
quire, and to order any quantity over or under
amount specified.
R. M. FTTZGERALD. President.
J. V. ELLIS. Cierk.
PROPOSALS—
Proposals for Hardware, plumbers' mate-
rials, lumber, paints, oils, etc., furniture,
fuel, stovepipe, stationery, library books,
physical, chemical and other apparaOi? and
supplies, printing, lithographing, etc.— Sealed
proposals ' will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common Schools In open session
of the Board of Education, on Wednesday,
May 31, 1899, at 8:30 o'clock p. m., for fur-
nishing the School Department of this city
and county during the fiscal year 1599-IMO
with hardware, plumbers' materials, lumber,
paints, oils, etc., furniture, fuel, stovepipe,
stationery, library books, etc.. and for do-
Ing the printing and lithographing required
during the said flscnl year. In accordance
with specifications at the office of the Board
of Education, City Hall.
The parties to whom contracts are award-
ed will be required, prior to or at the time
of execution of the contracts, to pay their
proportion of the cost of advertising.
J. A. SIMPSON. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., May 2". IR99— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 12 o'clock m.. Monday, June 26. 1599. and
then opened, for furnishing, during fiscal year
ending June 30. 1900, oats and hay, to be deliv-
ered on board of vessels at wharves In San
Francisco, Cal., for shipment to Honolulu, H.
I. Government reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids or any part thereof. Pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion, conditions of price and quality (includ-
ing in the price of foreign productions the
duty thereon) being equal, and such prefer-
ence given to articles of American production
produced on ths Pacific Coast, to extent of
consumption required by the public service
there. All Information furnished on applica-
tion to undersigned. Envelopes containing
bids to be indorsed "Proposals for
at San Francisco, Cal./' and addressed to J.
M. MARSHALL, Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
eral, U. S. A., Chief Quartermaster.
IMPROVEMENT of San Luis Obispo harbor.
Cal.— United States Engineer's office, Laugh-
lln building. Los Angelos. Cal.. May 27. 1899.
Sealed proposals for continuing construction
of breakwater at San Luis Obispo harbor,
Cal., will be received here until 11 a. m.,
June 27. 1899. and then publicly opened. In-
formation furnished on application. JAMES
J. MEYLER, Captain Engineers.
U. S. ENGINEER office, Flood building, San
Francisco. Cal., April 27. 1899— Sealed pro-
posals for dredging In Humboldt Bay, Cal.,
will be received here until 12 o'clock, noon.
May 29. 1599. Information furnished on appli-
cation. W. H. HEUER. Major Engineers.
CITY REAL ESTATHJ.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 524 Montgomery st.
Make offer — Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
enth and Douglass sts.; must be sold; "soxll4
feet.
2800— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 50x
137:6 feet.
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.,
near Webster: lot 30x127 :5H feet.
In Berkeley— Corner lot; 8.7x150. with modern
house of 9 rooms.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money Bee H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
13000 CASH— Reduced from $4500; 50-foot lot:
northwest corner of Twenty-third and Dolores
rU. ; 2-story building, store and flat: a big
buy; will sell at above figure if sold within
10 days. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, owner, Hi
Ninth St., Oakland.
IF your property is mortgaged and you oeed
more money see H. MURPHY, «30 Market st.
ONE of the most complete houses ever offered
for sale; 455 Frederick, nr. Stanyan; contains
salon parlors, dining room, kitchen, 4 bay-
window bedrooms; finished basement; finely
decorated throughout. Owner on premises.
FOR salr— Very cheap, an elegant new dwell-
ing, containing 9 rooms and bath, with iin-
ished attic and basement; t"st marine and
park views; en Masonic aye., block above
Frederick st.
IF. your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 830 Market St.
$2500— NEW modern 6-room eottaee. with all
the latest conveniences; $400 cash, balance $25
monthly; lot 25x125; near corner Twentieth
and Castro sts. F. NELSON. Builder.
$3600— HOUSE, 11 rooms. 2 baths, in 3 flats, in
good repair; newly r.alnted: on Lt-avenworth
et. Apply to 926 Washington St.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Pjirk.
west of First aye., and you wiEh to sell.
then call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
$1350— COTTAOE of 4 rooms and lot 27:6x100;
furniture Included. Diamond st., near 20th.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market at.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATK.
F< >H sale or exchange for San Francisco in-
come property— A highly improved farm in
Sacramento County, 7 miles ea*t of Sacra-
mento, on railroad? 140 acres In bearing
vines, shipping and wine grapes; 50 acres in
bearing orchard shipping fruit; 30 acres in
new vineyard and orchard; 35 acres in alfalfa,
balance hay and grain: entire place under a
good state of cultivation; will be sold as a
whole or in 75, 100, 160-acre tracts. For
further information address J. E. MAN-
LOVE, Perkins, Cal.
FOR SALE — 12 acres bearing prunes at Los
Gatos; good buildings in large live oak grove;
view of Santa Clara Valley and San Fran-
cisco Bay; finest place for a summer home:
spring water; good reasons for selling. Ad-
dress A. I. It, box 315, Los Gatos, Cal.
FOR sale, cheap — Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowlchan Lake, Van-
couver '-iand; unexcelled salmor and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to JAS. ROBERTSON, Duncans, Van-
couver Island. '
$900 — PART cash; chicken ranch of 7 acres, on
main road from Petaluma; level land; every-
thing complete; growing crop and several
hundred white leghorn pullets; a bargain on
account of other business. For further par-
ticulars address P. O. box 18, Cotati, Sonoma
County, Cal.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; Kl5O acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COCATI CO.. 302 California st.. S. F.
WANTED— S or more acres, suitable for poul-
try In exchange for cash and new mdse.; write
full description. Box 616, Call office.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM * ("0.. 20 Mon;tr"mer\- st.
MONEY tTO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or. pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAX. 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South. 14. .
ANY amount at 6Vi per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rra. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos;, no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.'.~ 130" Powell st.
REAL estate 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
undlv'd lnfts, etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Ex-
aminer building.
MONEY to loan on chattel mortgages and city
and country properties. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st. ,
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY WANTED.
RESPONSIBLE party wants $1500; 1 year, 10
per cent; person worth $150,000 will Indorse.
Address box 763. Call office. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE!.
$500 CASH, balance on time to suit buyer; a
lovely home; modern, up-to-date 2-story new
house of 10 rooms and bath; large lot: situate
in tropical Fruitvale, on Fruitvale aye., the.
center of attraction; electric cars pass the
door; close to a fine school; sewered and city
■water and gas; price all told $2000; easy pay-
ments; this is a fine buy. 455 Seventh St.,
near corner Broadway. Oakland.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR NALK.
AN introduction to you from H. Bchellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th nnd Franklin. Oakland.
—^^ — »— — — i —^j^— — ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AtAMEDA nEAI. ESTATE.
$25 CASH, $5 60 monthly "till paid for; a now
3-room cottage; high basement; lot 50a236
feet; price all told $425; Westall Tract, in
tropical Fruitvale, adjoining East Oakland;
rich soil: grand view; superb climate; no outd
winds nor fojts here; electric cars and a 00-
-foot wide boulevard near; not far from a une
3-story schoolhouse; there are quite a numDor
of S. F. merchants now located in this sec-
tion. Call or send for circular to 455 Seventh
st. near corner Broadway, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
• ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JUST the place you have been looking for.
You have been wanting to raise chickens;
here Is your opportunity; I have a very fine
corner lot. 200x140, with a fine house of 7 j
rooms: in perfect order: electric cars pass
the property; only 5 minutes to R. R. station:
a fine orchard, chicken houses, etc.; to be sold
for less than the improvements cost. JOSEPH
J. MASON, Real Estate. Berkeley station. •
ONLY $1600 for a very desirable 6-room house
and lot: handy to electric and local station.
O. G. MAY & CO., Berkeley."
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-855 Market st.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law.
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees' call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free: of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604, Emma ■ Spreckels building.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
MRS.. CLARA FOLTZ. attorney »t law; pro-
bate and guardianship: Bth floor Crocker bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 327
Market; consultation free: no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of "dissolution of copartnership— No-
tice is hereby given that WINFIELD 8.
DAVIS, BURT JL.. DAVIS and CARL A.
HENRY, formerly doing business as co-
! partners under the firm name and style of
DAVIS & HENRY, have dissolved such co-
partnership and the business heretofore done
by such firm will hereafter be conducted at
- No. 215 Sansome st. by DAVIS & HENRY, an
incorporated company.
Dated February 28, 1899.
CARL A. HENRY,
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
BURT L. DAVIS.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
BJ7 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken busi-
ness and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall.
successors Klllip & Co.; salesyard, 1732 Mkt.
SIX young draft horses for sale at 36 Hubbard
st. ; cheap.
FOR gale— 4o horses and mules at old Turk-st.
car stables. ISOI Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom at.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES — DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the miblieation offices and be
indorsed with th«- name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the published.
BORN.
LEVY-In this city, May 28, 1899, to the wife
of Edward P. Levy, a son.
MARRIED.
I KENT— CAME RON— in this city. May 27. 1899,
i nt Holy Innocents' Chapel, by the Rev.
: George Wallace, Frank B Kent and Flor-
ence ,T. Cameron, both of San Francis-"
DIED.
Antonett'l. Edward Oilman. John
Boyle, Louise A. Hoar. Annie E.
Beam, JT-nnie. Harrington, Joseph
Bailey, Henry. Hirshfeld, Mrs.
Craft. Lizzie Hill. John J.
Cramer, James T. Jones, George W.
Cohn. 11. Kreutzkainin, Anna
Delfs. Henry Miller. Magdalena A.
Fleming, Nora E. Malacarne, Catherine
Finn. Harriet Perkins, George H.
Grlndley, Dr. Thomas Rogers, Nellie I.
Whittle, Mary
■ ANTONETTI— In this city. May 27, 1899, Ed-
ward, beloved husband of Margaret Antonettl.
and father of Eddie. Lillie, Harry and
' Pearly Antonetti, a native of Copenhagen,
Denmark, aged 48 years.
' BOYLE An anniversary requiem mass for the
repose of the soul of the late Louise A. Boyle
i ; will be celebrated at St. Charles Borronaeo
Church. Shotwell and Eighteenth streets.
' I to-morrow (Tuesday), at 7:30 o'clock. Friends
1 are Invited.
1 ; BEHM— In this city. May 27. ISM, Jennie, be-
I loved sister of Emanuel, Sol P. and Al H.
1 I Behm. 'a native of Poland, aged 39 years.
; (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her brother, Emanuel Behm. 110% Oak
| street. Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Towns-
! | end streets.
; j BAILEY— In this city, May 27. 1899, Henry
Bailey, a native of lowa, aged 41 years.
(CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
• . fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
! (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
•• "J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, where
• ' services will be held under the auspices of
San Francisco Lodge No. 5, Fraternal Order
'. of Eagles. By order of president.
" ; GUSTAVE POHLMANN. Sec.
[■ CRAFT— In this city. May 26, 1899. Lizzie, be-
. loved wife of John G. Craft, daughter of Mar-
[ garet and. the late Lucas Haller, and sister
i of Mrs. J. Grundel and Emlle, Louis*, Mamie
and Annie Haller, a native of Napa. Cal.
i ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
i her mother. 240 Taylor street, thence to St.
1 Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue, near
1 Jones street," where a requiem high mass will
! be celebrated for the repose of her soul. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
' CRAMER— In this city. May 27. 1899, James T-,
, beloved- son of .Bernard and the late Kate
Cramer, and brother of Katie Cramer, a na-
. tive of San Francisco, aged 27 years 5 months
; and 5 days. . ■
- t • CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
! (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
■ of . his father, 14 Ritch street, thence to St.
." I Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
■will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
; commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
" Calvary Cemetery.
i COHN— In this city. May 27, 1899, H. Cohn, be-
[ loved husband of Henrietta Cohn. father of
' I Charles. Levi. Abe, Harry, Dave, Newton
1 and Alfred Cohn. Mrs. S. Cohn. Mrs. M.
Gooday, Mrs. M. Schwartz and Mrs. B.
Fischer, and brother of S. Cohn, a native of
Poland, aged 61 years.
Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
', (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
I dence. 1252 Eddy street, and thence by 11:30
| o'clock train to New Salem Cemetery for in-
[ ! terment.
. I DELFS— In this city, May 28, 1899, Henry, dear-
. ; ly beloved husband of Laura Delfs, and
- I father of Walter H. Delfs. a native of Hol-
. ] stein, Germany, aged 57 years 4 months and
• I 15 days.. .
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
l fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
' i dence, 665 Pine street, near Stockton. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
i FLEMING— In this city. May 28, 1899, Nora E.,
daughter of the late John and Catherine
Fleming, and sister of Mrs. J. D. Sullivan, a
native of Worcester. Mass.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister. Mrs. J. D. Sullivan, 218 Fair
Oaks street, thence to St. James Church, cor-
ner of Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
where* a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
I brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
! j Cemetery.
FINN— In this city. May 26, 1899. Harriet, be-
loved wife of John Finn, a native of Eng-
I land, aged 44 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
! (Monday), at 1 d'clock. from her late resi-
dence, 424 Linden avenue. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
ORINDLEY— this clt" May 2S, 1599, Dr.
Thomas R. Grtndley. a native of Scotland,
aged 59 years - months and 16 days.
• OILMAN— the City and County Hospital,
May 2S. 1809, John Oilman, aged 61 years.
HOAR— In this city. May 27. 1599. Annie E.. be-
loved wife of the late Thomas D. Hoar, moth-
| er of Thomas D. Hoar Jr., and sister of Mrs.
R. M. Hyatt of Petaluma, Cal., a native of
Derby, England, aged 45 years.
, [CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
,' ! fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
between Green and Union. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
HARRINGTON— this city. May 28, 1899, Jo-
! seph, beloved son of William and Mamie Har-
rington, brother of George, Lydia, Elsie and
the late Ruby Harrington, grandson of Mrs.
Eliza Fisher, and nephew of Joseph, Kitty
and Ida Fisher and the late William Clancy.
i a native of San Francisco, aged 11 months
and 7 days. ■" ..".'".'
lIIP.SHFELD— In Los Angeles. May 26. ISM.
Mrs. Hirshfeld, mother of Mrs. S. Brodek
and Herman. Marcus, Lesser and David
Hirshfeld, a native of Germany, aced 85
years.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the under-
i taking narlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy
street. Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery,
by 3:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
HILL— In this city. May 23, 1899, John J. Hill,
i a native of Oregon, aged 36 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
i lors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
! JONES— In this city, May 27. 1899, George N.
I Jones, a native of New Brunswick, aged 6!
years.
< KREUTZKAMM— In this city, May 27, 1599,
Anna, beloved wife of William Kreutzkamm,
1 a native of Germany, aged 26 years and S
months. ■
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, of scarlet fever, Mas
27, 1899, at residence of her parents, 517 Sixth
avenue, Magdalena Azalla, dearly beloved and
youngest daughter of John C. and L. Maud*
Miller, a native of San Francis- ■.
Funeral services will be celebrated at
the chapel of I. O. O. F. Cemetery this daj
(Monday), commencing at 11 o'clock.
, MALACARNE— In this city. May "7. 1899, Cath-
erine Genevieve, dearly beloved child of Mag-
gie and Lawrence Malacarne, beloved grand-
daughter of Mr. and Mr-*. I. G. Tartini. and
niece of Kate. Hart and J. Rourke, aged !
years 5 months and 6 days.
ETThe funeral will take place this daj
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residenci
of her parents, 516 Natoma street.
PERKINS— In Manila. August 7. IS9B, Georgi
Harold Perkins of Company B. First Cali-
fornia Volunteers, whose remains arrived ot
the Sheridan, a native of Nevada, aged 1*
. years and 1 month.
[[^■Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this daj
(Monday), at 4 o'clock, from the Presidio
S Military honors.
! ROGERS— In this city. May 28. 1899. Nellie Isa-
belle, infant daughter of- Clarence and Jessli
Rogers, a native of San Francisco, aged !
months and 14 days.
WHITTLE— In this city. May 27. 1893. Mary,
beloved wife of James Whittle, and mother o;
Kite and Edward Whittle, a native of Countj
Clare, Ireland, aged 56 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this das
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late rest-
-1 dence. 61" Natoma st. Interment Mount Cal
vary Cemetery.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
- Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMEAI.MgRBj
10 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln ScbooL.
TtUcbon* South M.
McflVOY «fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1235 Market st, between co.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBaLMERS.
1236 Market st, between £th and 9th.
' Telephone, South 247.
. ■SSi^^MB«i^^BB«««™««BB»«SBSBBBI^^BBB«l^BSB8«
910
"SWIFTWATER'S"
WIFE PURSUED
BY BUNCO MEN
Detectives Thwart an
Extortion Game.
NOTORIOUS KLONDIKE FAKER
TALES OF FABITLOUS WEALTH
THE SWINDLER'S DODGE.
Th« Mining King's Wife Makes an
Appointment to Meet a Sharper,
but Her Brother Informs
the Police.
Mrs. Gates, the wife of "Swlftwater
Bill," the far-famed Klondike king, fell
Into the hands of the bunko fraternity
rday. She was not a victim, however,
owing to the k> ,ii detective qualities of
lu-r brother, George La More, ;<nd the In
tervention of Dot. .'lives Wren and Mc-
Mahon, but she is probably the wiser on
"froren north" exiurters anil grafters.
Yesterday afternoon an individual well
known tv the police, seedy Id appearance
ami purporting to have Just arrived from
Daws< n City, rapped at the door of Mis.
La More, the mother of Mrs. Gates, who
live* in the Mission. He Informed her
!:■ had a letter for her daughter
from "Swiftwater" and desired to deliver
It. Mrs. La More became Interested and
■ d to a wonderful romance of the
extraordinary fortune, in which
In- stated that his .irtus were Bore from
carrying a Back of gold dust 4<Xw miles,
he had just deposited in the United
3 Mint. The unsuspecting woman
him her daughter's address and Bent
for her son. who contemplates leaving I'or
the treasure land next month, that he
imbibe some ol the valuable In
formation which her visitor was Impart
ing. The Btranger departed after having
ded an Invitation to young l-;i More
to dine with him at the Palace Hotel at ;
ck.
The grafter lust no time in seeking his
victim, lie related to her substantially
:no tale .is he had t < >lcl tv her motb
ike of a dearth of pocket mon
ey while the valuable dust w;ts awaiting
the melting pot In the mint. Surveying
her luxurious parlor and the delicate tea
gown which adorned her, he passed com
plimentary remarks upon her good taste
and offered to purchase her JlOtK) worth
imonds If Bile would only consent to ■
picking them out. He asked other pertl
ibout her possessions and
d to extend ln-r a loan 11" she desired
when he received his wealth to-day. Be- ;
fore taking his leave he made an appoint
meni to meet her last evening at 9 o'clock.
Mrs. Gates entertained no suspicions of
her caller and prepared to receive htm at
the appointed hour and hear more of the :
burning of Dawson City and the picking
up of treasure In the Klondike.
Meanwhile, George La More, • thinking
fellow might be spurious, went
i.. the Palace Hotel he had Riven the
name of Slongberger, hut do such party
was at that hostelry and the disappointed ■
t I started out on hi.- trail. On reach- j
Ing his Bister's house he found that the
bunco man had already left, and when be
learned of the appointment he resolved
I the police with the facts. Ac- ;
gly about 8 '>'e!(,<-k last evening he !
vis) ed Captain Bohen at the Central Po- ;
lice Station and told him the story. Ku
hen placed the case in the hands of De- I
tectivee Wren and McManon and they
Btarted with young La More to cage the
bird.
Their prey made ii is appearance on
tini" .i! the house. The detectives, who
were in hiding, landed on him and sm.hi
discovered his personality. They could
make no arrest as the man had not vet
extorted any money*, but sent him on his,
way Borrowing, after having given him ;
:•» leave the city. The fellow is j
known to the police as the ■'Klondike Bor- ;
rower," and has victimized scores tof peo- '
pie in San Francisco. Mis "graft" is usu
ally along the same lines employed in this
instance, bui he usually succeeus in mak- \
■- loan from his victims on the (
_th of a mythical sack of gold which j
is temporarily out of his possession.
STABBED IN A TRAIN.
Louis Repp Painfully Injured While
Returning From the Picnic
at Schuetzen.
Th> the Eintracht Vereln at
Bchuetzen Park yesterday wan a most en
joyable affaii iiii the way home, how
ever, there was one event which occurred
tn mar the pleasure of an otherwise de
lightful day. Louis Repp. ;i young man
living at 305 Twelfth street, was slashed
across the (ace by William P. Oechsle a
painter, living at Slls Sixteenth street '
The story as told by Police Officers A
K. Riehl and Thomas Slattery Is as fol
lows; While the train was passing
through the last tunnel Repp either acci
!y or Intentionally stumbled against
Oecbsle's daughter. After a few hot
words between th.; two men Oechple
pulled out a knife und drew it across
Repp's face. Repp was taken to the liar-
Receiving Hospital, where his injuries
v>er,. dressed by I>r. yon der I^ith of the
hospital Btafl and Dr. Hrunt-r. surgeon
for the Bintracht Verein. The doctors
found an Incised wound on the left cheek
nl-out four inches long, extending to and
T .g the mouth.
< >•■< hsl<- was turned over to the Marln
County authorities and locked up un a
charge of assault to commit murder.
MAIL FROM THE ORIENT.
The mail steamer China arrived from
the Orient last night, two days ahead of
time. She brings 100 cabin and 68 second
class passengers, the majority of whom
are from Honolulu. The run from the
latter port was made in the fast time of
five days and seventeen hours.
The China left Hawaii three days after
the transport Solace, and nothing of i m
portance had taken place In the islands
In the interval. General King was not a
passenger, nor had anybody on the China
heard anything of him en route. The'oaJu
sengers and mall will be lauded earl this
morning. J a
The German steamer Tai Fu also or
rived last night. She is from Hakodate
via Honolulu with a cargo of sulphur At
the latter port she landed a lot of Japa
nese and brought the sulphur on here
After discharging she will go to Port and
to load flour for China, niana
Bullshead Breakfast.
A bullshead breakfast was given at
The Tavern, Colma,- San Mateo County
yesterday afternoon at 1 o'clock under the
auspices of the Society of Old Friends'
The event was given to celebrate the
opening of the new hotel. A large crowd
participated and a most enjoyable time
was had. The following constituted the
committee of arrangements: J p dmnm
A. C. Cunningham, t>r. F. F. Lord HiW
A. Hellwegen. A. Barbier. Com JamS
Packer. Harold Unsworth. Dr Freest
Ilevmans, Fred Raabe, Captain Otto 1 lie
ders, Dr. J. W. Hamilton, Charles cVox"
ford, James Markland, Colonel J. E. Slin-
Key .
Tli« fnmoiis old JERSK MOOP.K WHISKY Is
•wended by physicians for family and
xr.eOßinal use because It 1b pure.
Banker Price's Loss
OAKLAND. May 25.-A blaze occurred
at the residence of William C Price thi
banker, at 1709 Nineteenth avenue 'The
flre was confined to the roof and second
Btory, and :tll the. furniture was saved
lamage will reach abput $1500 '
TTI,ERY DAT
Some articles cut 60 per cent.
Some articles cut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT /.MEKICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
Store* Everywhere.
IN MEMORY
OF THE
HE ROIS
DEAD
FORESTALLING the calendar by
two days, the ministers observed
Memorial day yesterday and last
evening instead of to-morrow.
In nearly every church some
reference was made to the day and its
observance, and in a great many the
entire service was dedicated to the na
tion's dead. The members of the Grand
Army were present by invitation at
several of the services, and the spirit
of the day brought more than usual
through the church doors.
The day has an added significance
this year. There are new mounds be-
side the old ones; the sexton is busy
with pick and spade, for there are more
mounds to raise, and the war in the
Philippines is adding to his labors day
by day. Time has made the day one of
solemnity and sorrow, but the sting of
grief has been dulled and the flowers
strewn upon the grave spoke more of
honored memory than of mourning.
But now it is different The reaper's
harvest has been rich t>f late: there are
otliers beside those of "61 seeking a
place in the country's mourning, and
there are those who pass by the graves
they have decorated so long for pa
triotism to seek out a new-made
mound and weep over it by themselves.
In view of these altered conditions
the day will be more important and
more extensively observed than it has
been. Custom has made it more of a
holiday for the living than a time of
mourning for the dead and a lesson of
patriotism for those who enjoy what
they purchased with their blood. Be
sides. California has slept so long in
peace that it is hard for her to wake
to the realities of war; but with one
regiment of her sons at the front and
two more only just out of the nation's
service, the meaning of Memorial day
Is brought home more forcibly than in
years gone by, and the people are look-
Ing upon it more in the light of what
it is than what they have been pleased
to make it. Heretofore its celebration
has been left to the Grand Army and
its kindred organizations; It wijl be the
saiiv- this year. >>ut they have the heart
and interest of the great mass of the
public with them— something, perhaps,
they have not been used to.
To-morrow the civic celebration will
be held. There will be un Imposing
parade and there will be services in
both the National and the Odd Fel
luws" cemeteries. The'big parade will
start from the corner of Battery and
Market streets at 10 o'clock. The ex
ercises will follow at the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery as soon as the column ar
rives there. At the Presidio the parade
Will start from the terminus of th^
Union-street cars at 10 o'clock.
AT THE FIRST
CONGREGATIONAL
George H. Thomas Post, G. A. R., at
tended special memorial services in the
First Congregational Church last even
ing. The interior of the edifice was ap
propriately decorated for the occasion,
American flags Being prominently dis
played on the platform back of the speak
er's desk, which was flanked on either
Bide by stacked' army rifles. The members
of the post attended in a body, marching
into the church and down the central aisle
while the Inspiring strains of a fife and
drum corps at their head resounded
through the auditorium. It was an im
pressive spectacle as the veterans slowly
tiled into the seats assigned to them with
the martial music ringing in their ears.
The services opened with a special song
service of patriotic music, the audience
singing "Where Are the Boys of the Old
Brigade?" "Tenting on the Old Camp
Ground," "Soon With the Angels I'll He
Manning," and other war-time melodies.
Rev. Dr. G. C. Adams, the pastor, took
for his text the sixth verse, 12& d Psalm,
"Pray for peace, Jerusalem: they shall
prosper that love thee,." "While my text
speaks of Jerusalem it is not of Jerusalem
Itself that I intend to speak to-night," he
said. "Jerusalem was God's country and
this is God's, country. He made it all—
these grand mountains- and these lovely
valleys". He created this continent and
then locked it up until he had a civiliza
tion prepared to inherit it." Dr. Adams
said: : ." ■:•
You did not realize when you enlisted In
1861 that you were enlisting to wipe out some
thing that was a menace to the progress of
Christianity— you thought only that you were
enlisting to battle for the flag. On the same
day that the pilgrims landed on the now
famous Plymouth Rock, a Dutch vessel en
tered the James River and landed twenty negro
slaves on the soil of Virginia. The Dutch were
responsible for the Introduction of the great
evil into this country and grand old England,
much as we love her, was responsible for keep-
Ing up the practice and fostering It. Queen
Elizabeth herself was a party to the traffic
In slaves— ln fact she was personally Interested
In the business. Even good old Governor John
Winthrop of Massachusetts willed a number
of Indians to his heirs, and a church mem
ber of Boston owned the ship that made the
most successful voyage to bring slaves to this
country. If slavery had been profitable in New
England you would n..t have enlisted In '61.
It did not prove profitable there and you can
trust a Yankee every time to turn over a new
leaf when It Is to his profit.
The hand of God Is seen all through the
great struggle. Why WU General Albert Sid
ney .lohnstone struck down at Pittsburg Land
ing—a man who had the respect and confl
! den.-c of the entire Houth? "Why did Stonewall
Jackson fall— shot, unfortunately, by his own
men at ChancelloraviHe, and cause Lee to ex
claim after Gettysburg, "oh, for a Jackson."
It was the work of God. Hut it was the
blood of the thousands of Northern and South
ern men slain In that war that cemented the
union. You never dreamed that "Fighting Joe"
Whaler would get off his sick bed In the hos
pital and compel them to carry him forward
to the front to fight under the stars and
stripes. You never dreamed that Fltzhugh I^ee
would grit his teeth and BtruKgle through all
he had to contend with a little over a year
ago in Havana for the flag he once fought
against. We thank" God that there Is no longer
a North or a Kouth; that the curse of slavery
that once threatened our national existence has
been wiped out and that we are once more
brothers and citizens of "God's chosen land.
AT HOWARD STREET
METHODIST CHURCH
At the Howard-street Methodist Epis
copal Church last night live posts of the
Cirand Army of the Republic were repre
sented. Five hundred seats were reserved
for them and a great crowd was in attend
ance. The pastor, Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson, said:
As I look Into your faces I seem to bear
asaln the drumbeat of '61. A boy ef Yd, 1 i, .
member the call of the country to arm?. The I
Btory of Fort Sumter had lx-pn told and the ,
young manhood of the land forsook their plows, j
their shops, their merchandise, their professions '
and ralllpd to the standard of the union, un<l
stayed by their work until every star was r.
stored to Its field of azure. At last they came j
back, but not all of them; by hundreds of i
thousands they left their bodies in Southern ;
soil. They died, but the Ideas for which they
contended live — African slavery forever ob- ■
lltorated and the unity of the nation preserved. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, MAY 29, 1899.
! And thirty-seven years after William Shafter
I and Joe Wheeler, General Wilson and General
I Breckinridge. uvon the same battlefield and
| under the same flag, led troops from North and
South, both white and black, upon a foreign
soil In a campaign of mercy for the- higher
civilization of the world, while the sons of
I Vermont and Maryland, Dewey and Schley,
I swept two oceans with their flags and by the
i thunders of their great guns blew from the
j seas the medieval misrule of Spain. We are
i no longer a province, but a nation, whose
' mighty Christian influence the powers of the
j world must reckon with. Afid even- Samoa can
not be Germanized or Anglicized, nor China
I dismembered without our consent.
But our present recognition by the nations of
the world and our present ability to handle
. the lever of aggressive civilization was made
a possibility by the men who from 'til to '65
poured out their lives to make a free nation
I a unit forever.
In April, ISOI. at the breaking out of the
w«r, the Seventh New York militia were
: ordered t.. Washington to defend the capital.
When their train readied Philadelphia, they
learned that below Havre de Grace, Mil., the
railroad had been destroyed by the Confed
erates or then- friend?. They accordingly took
the steamer Boston at Philadelphia and pro
ceeded down the Delaware River, out upon
the Atlantic Ocean, to Cape Henry, up the
Chesapeake Bay to Annapolis, Md., at which
point they found the Eighth Massachusetts, in
command of Colonel Benjamin F. Butler.
They learned that the track between there and
Baltimore and Washington ha 4 been destroyed.
including three bridges, and eight locomotives
had been dismantled and their parts piled in
one confused heap in the roundhouse. I'pon
the rehabilitation of these engines and the re
pairing of tracks and bridges the fate ..i
Washington depended. Colonel Butler ordered
his men into line and gave the command:
"The men who understand the mechanism and
construction of a locomotive step six paces
to the front." Every officer and man of Com
pany E, recruited from the engine workers of
Taunton, Mass., stepped to the front, and in
one hour and twenty minutes engine No. 1748
was out on the track under tier own steam,
and in two hours and a half the others were
ready for service and the Seventh New York
:<ud a part of the Eighth Massachusetts were
off on their way to the capital. When they
came to the broken bridges a similar call pro
duced the requisite pumber of bridge builders,
who. pulling two haniH to pieces in an in
credibly short time, bridged the chasm from
abutment to abutment, and in seven hours
from the time the first engine was run out
at Annapolis the two regiments were pulled
Into Washington. Senator Solomon Foote of
Vermont, who received them with tears of
Joy, said: "God bless you, boys. You have
saved the capital of your country." The bat
teries v! Confederate guns, ready to bombard
the capital, were limbered up and stole back
to "Dixie," recognizing that the day was lost,
not to soldiers of the republic but to the plain
men who as unromantic mechanics had served
their generation so faithfully that when the
emergency of the nation was upon them they
were equal to the crisis.
And there never waH a time when an elec
trician, an engineer, a chemist, a plain me
chanic in any line, was needed by the Govern
ment that our volunteer ranks failed to pro
duce him.
Gentlemen, thp faithful service of one's
generation Is the highest loyalty to God. ■)!■
serve. l his generation and fell asleep." So it
has been with most of your comrades, and, so
it shall be with you. Now, after this, what
then? Another life is before us. And the
services of this are the seedlings of that.
Where will you spend eternity? If death ends
all, why s.-ek to perpetuate the memory of
y,.i;r comrades on Tuesday? Every bouquet cast
upon ■ soldier's grave Is a token of his im
mortality. And a voiceless sentiment within
us tells us that th»y know what we are doing
fur their memories.
There was a day when you came home and
victory was upon your banners and honor of
your Fellows fell uj>"n you on every band, for
your battles were well fought and your work
well done.
There will be anonier gathering, repre-sentlns
a higher fealty, to the unit of which Is the
Kingdom of God. What shall be your welcome
there? May th.' wars of that kingdom be so
well fought that ye shall hear "Well done, good
and faithful servant, enter into the Joys of thy
Lord." Hut in this war, like as in the other,
no victory Is won, for which we do not enlist.
Enlist for this higher and better patriotism.
serving in your generation in this highest
sphere and finally coming- with victory into
the everlasting kingdom.
TRIBUTE TO OUR
SOLDIER DEAD
Rev. Frederick C. Lee of the California -
street Methodist Episcopal Church chose
for his subject last evening "Our Soldier
Dead." He said in part:
\\> have more craves to decorate this B<Hh
of May than we had a year ago. Five hundred
killed on the battlefield, five thousand z lain by
fevers and bad food. This evening in the quiet
of this sacred ulace and hour I twine three
wreaths of laurel far our heroes dead and I
gather a cluster of flowers rich and rare for our
heroes llvinK.
M\ first wreath I lay upon the last resting
place "f our nation's dea/1. I visit all the
eighty-seven national cemeteries, with their
825,000 graves, 147.000 marked "Unknown."
While the North. West and East gather at
Gettysburg and Greenwood the South at Ander-
Bonvtlle and Nashville, let North and South
Jcin voice and sons: and ping:
"No more shall .the war cloud sever.
Or the winding river run red.
We'll bury our anirer forever.
As we laurel the graves of our dead."
My second chaplet Is for the unburled dead.
Those who fell under Foote and Faxragut,
Porter and Pennock. Beaten down by the iron
hall from Fort Fisher and Jackson. Torn and
shattered bodies swept into the waters of the
Mississippi from New Orleans to VlcksbUTß.
The bleached bones that lie in ocean grave, all
the way from Cherbourg, off the coast of
France, where the Alabama went down, to the
Bwampa "f <'hickumauga. Into all the waters
of harbor, bay and river I lower this token of
prateful remembrance and gratitude.
Hpanniiiß the three and thirty years that He
bft ween the fall of Richmond and the capture
Of i "üba, between Appomattox and Manila Bay,
I Dlace my third garland upon the new made
sraves5 raves of our boyn who fought and fell at San
van Hill and Cavlte, Manila and Calumplt.
Again making a hiatus of the thirty-three
years I join the ranks of the boys of '61 and 'C7>
to the ranks of the boys of '98 and '09 and
present my cluster of fresh culled flowers to
the veterans of the Civil War and the men who
fought so well on land and sea against Spain
and are with us in the flesh to-day. In place
of VKltiiir until you have been mustersd tut
by that (trim old officer. Death, h re and :io.v
we offer you a nation's thanks and apprecla
Arid yet, notwithstanding all the glory, the
pomp and circumstances m war, who will not
agree with "old Uncle Billy" that "war Is
hell." God guide the deliberations of the
Peace Congress now In session at The Hague.
May theso wise nnd representative men sug
gest to their respective governments and to
the great powers bf the world some practical
plan by which arbitration can be brought
about; a great court of appeal be instituted,
before which all International difficulties can
be argued and arbitrated. May this congress
be the first step toward Inaugurating that day
when "Nation shall not lift up sword against
nation, neither shall they learn war any more."
God spe<-d the time when war Itself shall be
slain. All hall the day when this old god of
battles shall be done to death!
nig a pit as deep as hades and tumble his
miserable carcass In. Hurl in after It shot
and shell, saber and cutlass. Fill It up with
rifles— Sprinprfleld and Mauser, rapid-fire and
dynamite guns. Pile up for his monument
monitors, torpedo boats, revolving turrets and
armor plate, battleships nnd cruisers together
with all the devilish englnry of war. Let the
deep-toned swell of old ocean's organ play the
accompaniment while the white-robed billows
on Atlantic and Pacific form the cantoris and
decani of a universal choir to chant his
requiem. I>»t the widows, wives and mothers.
the sisters, sweethearts and daughters go forth
with timbrel and dance to Join In the funeral
march. I^t the angel of the Apocalypse that,
shall proclaim that the kingdoms of this world
have become th.- kingdoms of our Lord write
the epitaph, "Death Is swallowed up In vic
tory.*'
THE BATTLES
OF THE LORD
To an audience whioh crowded Metro
politan Temple in every part Dr. Charles
Inward Locke of the Central Methodist
Church preacned last evening on "The
Battles of Peace." The text was I Sam.,
xviii:l7: "Fight the Lord's Battles." He
said in part:
In the midst nf the mingled Joy and sorrow
of this Memorial Sunday, when we think of
the achievements of the nation's fallen heroes,
Is It not opportune that we should consider
what victories we must win that we may be
worthy sons of honored sires?
If we were to take our stand to-night among
the monumented mounds of Chalmette, Ar
lington Heights or Gettysburg, and arouse the
sleeping warriors long- enough to ask them for
v message for this Memorial Sabbath, what
think you would be the simultaneous reply?
Doubtless It would come back to us in clear
est accents, "Be true to the principles for
which we fouuht and fell!"
The centuries have seen many Illustrious bat
tlefields. Marathon, Waterloo and Yorktown:
Ylcksburg, Gettysburg and Manila. But if the
home-returning admiral, the maker of an
epoch and the builder of a republic, should be
pressed with an inquiry as to the triumphant
culmination of all victories on sea and on land,
this gallant warrior and Christian would re
ply, "The elevation and purification of the in
dividual citizen!"
Therefore, soldiers, patriots and fellow citi
zens. I call your attention to new fields of
conquest and to some battles which must be
fought in times of peac>, when the portals of
the temple of Janus are closed; and I do no
Injustice to the achievements of the past, when
1 aver that the greatest battlefields of the
centuries will be found in times of peace, when
the sword has become a plowshare and the
drowsy cannon sleeps In its citadel.
We must struggle for national and interna
tional arbitration, and, finally, for the dis
armament of the nations of the world. The
arbitrament ot logic and love and diplomacy
must tak» the place of the barbarians of war.
Many savage customs inherited from pagan
ism and the past have disappeared under the
brighter glow of advancing civilization, but.
Low strange, that the most cruel and inhuman
■ : all ot these should have perpetuated its
bloody personality. The Peace Congress at
The Hague is an assembly of no mean signifi
cance and will prove as remarkable In Its re
sults as th- victory of Dewey's fleet In the
harbor of Manila.
In times of peace we must battle for the
extermination of the criminal class. But close
ly connected with the extinction of the criminal
dasa there must be the abolition of poverty
and the suppression of vice. Under the present
system the poor grow poorer and the rich
richer. The billionaire will be one of the possi
ble curses of the next century. A reconstruc
tion Is necessary and It Is inevitable. 'If it
does not come by evolution it will be pre
cipitated by revolution.
Again, the conquest of the cities ■will be one
of the battlefields of the not distant future.
Altogether too long have the great centers of
population been held up by corrupt dema
gogues. The professional politician who feeds
at the public crib will have to earn an honest
living or go to prison, where many of them
belong. To meet the emergencies of the pres
ent and future the inculcation of true manhood
is necessary beyond all things else. The
church, the home and the public school must
be protected— these are the nrsenals of the
weapons of peace and the training schools of
the com Ins warriors who are to win laurels
beside which all past victories will fade In
importance.
('omrailes and fellow citizens, as we shall
strew flowers on the graves of the brave men
who were sacrificed for liberty let us lift our
eyes to the god of battles and ask for a double
portion of the spirit of these translated heroes,
that we may honor the opportunities which the
victories of the sixties have committed to our
care. Thank iJixl we are now a united people 1
Pcatte.r your garlands over the blue and the
grey. From the mountains of Vermont to the
savannas of Georgia, from the everelades of
Florida to the golden strands of California,
let a united nation in tears remember the past,
and. with shouts of triumph, press into the con
flicts of the present rind the future.
GARFIELD POST
MEMORIAL SERVICE
Probably no post memorip.l services
were ever better rendered In this city
than those of James A. Garfield Post last
Tuesday evening. Social Hall in the Al
cazar building was made resplendent with
bunting, silken flaps, flowers and ferns.
In front of the platform four chairs, dec
orated with floral tributes offered by com
rades and artistically arranged by the
loving hands of loyal women belonging to
Qarfield Relief Corps, renresented the
places made vacant by the deaths of Com
rades Paulsen, Emptage, Poppenberg and
Graham, which occurred during the past
twelve months. Over the vacant chairs
were the notes of ''Taps," the soldier's
last call, completely bordered by beautiful
flowers, and with other features made a
most impressive surrounding.
After an organ voluntary by F. G.
Rohner. the colors were introduced, the
entire assemblage showing its reverence
by standing and singing the "Ode to the
Flag," the words .and air being written
by Comrade Frank Elliott Myers. After
Comrade Crall read the records of those
dead a selection from "Maritana" was
nndered on the organ with flute and vio
lin übli^atos by Comrade Peter Johnson
and his daughter Isabel.
A prayer by the chaplain was followed
by the male quartet, c. insisting of E. S.
Elkins, George Rice, W. < \ Stadfeld and
William Nellson, who sang "The Vacant
chair," and subsequently "Sleep, Com
rade, Sleep," and tin- "volunteer's Fare
well." Miss Johannsen played Handel's
"l.argo."
General Edward S. Salomon introduced
the orator of the evening. Dr. William
Rader, pastor of the Third Congregation
al Church.
Dr. Rader spoke of the magnificent mili
tary character of Grant, the genius of
Sherman, the dash of Sheridan, the
majesty of Hancock and the incomparable
character of Thomas. Of the volunteers
ho said those of the American army had
demonstrated by their Intelligence from
the days of Washington down to the pres
ent time that in their hands the destinies
of the entire country were, safe, particu
larly when depending on their valor. He
also paid an eloquent tribute to Julia
Ward Howe, Henry Ward Beecher and
Harriet Beecher Stowe, as being among
the un-uniformed soldiers who, by elO
quent service had rendered material sup
port in upholding the Stars and Stripes
during the Rebellion, and had done so
much in the cause of civilization.
C. M. SHORTRIDGE
AT ZION CHURCH
The memorial services at the Zion A.
M. B. Church, 805 Stockton street, were
conducted by Rev. T. Brown last evening.
The church was tastefully decorated with
national colors and flowers, and the choir
rendered patriotic music. Nearly every
seat in the .large edifice was occupied.
The address of the evening was deliv
ered by Senator Charles M. Shdrtridgo
and was very impressive and full of
strong points concerning- the emancipation
o£ the. negro race. The subject handled
by the speaker was "What the Negro Did
to Secure His Freedom," but Shortridge
added that it might be more properly ex
pressed "VVh;it the Negro Did to Secure
the Safety of the United States." He r .-
feri*ed to the events of the war and
averred that the use of shaves as soldiers
should have been made by the (iovtrn
ment two years before it was. To this
delay he attributed the prolongation of
the war and an immense Useless sacrifice
'of life.
R. A. AND N. U.
CELEBRATION
Memorial day exercises will be observed
by California Garrison No. 101 of the Reg
ular Army and Navy Union of the United
States, assisted by Garrison No. 100 and
siripmates from the United States ships
lowa and Pensacola, now in this harbor.
The parade will form promptly at 10
o'clock under command of J. P Fitzper
uld ft Garrison No. 101. It will match
fiom the terminus of the Union-street
car line, Presidio, to the National Ceme
tery, where appropriate ceremonies will be
held at the Regular Army and Navy
Union monument.
Friends of the regulars are requested
to send flowers for decorating graves to
Garrison headquarters. Alcazar buildine
to-day. .
SCALED THE
FENCE BUT WAS
FINALLY CAUGHT
Exciting Chase After a
Young Hoodlum.
STABBED A RESTAURANT MAN
Forced to surrender at the
point of a pistol.
Edward Hennessey Cuts William
Fowler at Harbor View Over
a Trivial Dispute — Victim
Will Recover.
William Fowler, the proprietor of a res
taurant at Harbor View Gardens, was
stabbed several times last night by Ed
ward Hennessey, a young man. Fowler
was severely cut about the face and head.
His assailant was arrested after an excit
ing- chase and locked up in the City Prison
on the charge of assault to commit mur
der.
Shortly after 9 o'clock Hennessey, who
was under the influence of liquor, en
tered Fowler's place of business and ac
costing one of the waiters asked him for a
sandwich. Hennessey represented that he
was connected with a morning paper and
that he was unable to buy anything to
eat, HP he had "blown in" what money he
had on his best girl. The waiter promtly
served him with a sandwich after cau
tioning him not to inform the proprietor.
A few minutes later Fowler walked into
the restaurant and seeing Hennessey
munching <>n the sandwich in front of the
bar requested him to take a seat.
"It didn't cost me anything," replied
Ib-nnessey. "I stood off the guy for it"
(pointing to the waiter). "Don't discharge
him," pleaded Hennessey. "He knows a
hungry man when he sees him."
As be became abusive Fowler started to
eject him, when Hennessey struck him
in the face. Fowler returned the attack
and succeeded in knocking down the ob
streperous visitor. After regaining his
feet Hennessey picked up a large knifo
which was lying on the table and cut
Fowler across the forehead and nose. He
also made a deep gash on the right cheek.
Fowler's screams for help attracted the
attention of several men and they ran to
his assistance. Hennessey immediately
dashed from the restaurant, followed by
his pursuers One of them overtook him,
and aa he attempted to arrest him Hen
nessey suddenly wheeled around and
made a lunge at'him with the knife. Evi
dently realizing- that he would not b^
taken without further bloodshed one of
the men lustily blew a police whistle.
In the meantime Hennessey climbed
over the fence on the east side of the gar
dens, and rushing into a^ vacant house
took refuge behind some empty barrels.
Policemen Ratten and Webster were In
formed of his place of concealment and
they proceeded to arrest him. Hennessey
at first showed a disposition to defy them,
but was finally induced to surrender at
the point of a pistol. He was then hand
cuffed and removed to the City Prison,
where he was formally charged.
The knife with which he did the cut
ting was booked aa evidence against him.
Fowler's wounds are not serious.
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
High Winds Mnke Pleasure-Seeking
a Labor of Love.
It was windy and disagreeable out at
the park a.nd beach yesterday and the
crowds were small in consequence. The
programme was select as usual and, not
withstanding the flying dust, was en
joyed by the recreation seekers. No acci
dent or incident worthy of mention oc
curred during the day.
The crowd at the Chutes was big and
the fun In proportion. The galloping
horses, miniature railway train, door
maze and theater were all well patronized
and the always interesting zoo was not
neglected. To-morrow, Decoration day,
Emil Markeberg will make an ascension
and parachute drop and many extras will
be put on for the amusement of the ex
pected crowd.
At Sutro Baths the usual aquatic con
tests were enjoyed bythe patrons of the
place. The results were as follows: Fifty
vard dash for novices, C. Augustus first,
M. Gardner second; 100-yard da.sh. for ju
veniles. G. Wallace first, A. Mish sec
ond; high diving, for boys, won by C.
Donovan: tub race, F. Baker first, B.
Berry second, M. Gardner third; trick and
fancy springboard diving, F. Baker first,
C. Donovan second. Next Sunday there
will be a special 120-yard dash for vaxi
ous prizes. B. Carroll, G. Wallace. C. Don
ovan, E. Bonifield, R. Bahr, F. Durau and
11. Muth have entered and an exciting
contest is expected.
ON OAKLAND LINKS.
There Will Be a Gay Gathering of
Golfers at Adams Point on
Decoration Day.
The Oakland golfers intend to make
Decoration day a memorable occasion
As many members as possible of both
sexes are requested to be on the links,
and luncheon will be provided in the club
house. There will be foursomes for gen
tlemen, the entries being divided into two
classes, first and second: The first-class
men will be handicapped by having to
take the second-class players as partners.
There will be an entrance fee of one dol
lar per man. to which the club will add
a like amount. Four prizes will be
awarded, two to winners and two to run
ners-up. The game will begin at 10 a. m..
The following entries have already been
made: Orestes Pierce, R. M. Fitzgerald,
W. P. Johnson. C. O. G. Miller, H. M. A.
Miller, J. H. Ames, G. S. Wheaton and
H. H. Smith.
Ma.ny players were, out on the Oakland
links on- Saturday, out the tournaments
for the Captain's and Tibbets cups are
not yet concluded. C. P. Hubbard and
J. A. Folger have to play to decide which
of them is to be entitled to the honor of
having his name engraved on the Cap
tain's cup, and R. A. Cooke (handicap 6)
having beaten E. R. Folger (scratch) two
up, and also having defeated W. P. John
son (handicap 8) 10 up. will contend with
J. A. Folger for the Tibbets cup.
Chance for Amateurs.
Amateurs striving for notoriety in
the various professions on the stage will
be Riven an opportunity to show how
good or how bad they are, as the case
may be, at Glen Park to-morrow after
noon. The occasion will be the first ama
teur day at the park, and besides the
professional equestrian members now
playing in the Glen Park Circus there
will be an amateur aeronaut, who will
attempt a daring trip in a balloon, and
amateur song and dance artists, cake
walkers, dramatic readers and gym
nasts. There will be prize competi
tions, open to all children, and includ
ing horseracing, pie eating, greasy
pole climbing and ladder scaling. Ad
mission to the park will be 10 cents,
with no extra charge for entertain
ment.
Picnic of the Mariners.
The first annual picnic of the "Marin
ers," given yesterday at Sunset Park, in
the heart of the Santa Cruz Mountains,
was a complete success. Large crowds
left the ferry at 0:15 a, m., and a later
crowd took the 1 o'clock boat. Returning
the trains left the pleasure grounds at 6
p. m. Many gate and game prizes were
given away durlnp the day and field
sports were engaged in until nearly the
hour of departure. Those who attended
were highly gratified with their trip.
Freight transferred at low rates. Signal
Transfer Co., 530 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIVE SPECIAL
VALUES!
At $2.50 Each.
175 DRESS PATTERNS, jet black figured
mohairs (English manufacture), 9 differ-
ent designs, goods 44 to 48 inches
wide. Worth $5.00 pattern.
At 35c Yard.
50 pieces GENUINE ENGLISH IRON-
FRAME ALPACAS, 40 inches in width,
in browns, tans, beige, grays and navys.
Reduced from 75c yard.
At 50c Yard.
35 pieces 44-INCH FRENCH MIXED SUIT-
INGS, in all the new colorings. Regular
price 85c and $1.00 yard.
At $3.25 Pair.
15 cases (450 pairs) FINE WHITE CALI-
FORNIA BLANKETS, full size and extra
weight, fresh from the mills and perfect
in every particular. Worth $5.00 pair.
At l&c Yard.
10 cases EXTRA QUALITY COVERT SUIT-
INGS, 18 different colorings, in all the
new mixtures.
HI, 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERq
BQWEM
CO
Coffee roasting
is the latest acquisition introduced here
for the benefit of our customers
Coffee roasted fresh every hour —
you can get it warm if; you want
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea— regular 50c lb 40c
Ten flavors — trade winners
Burgundy— reg'ly 75c 45C
Howell Mountain— our own vineyard
This wine stands diluting— some put
in half water
White wine— reg'iy 75c • 55c
Howell Mountain— healthful
Worth a dollar a gallon
Beef tea— reg'iy 30c 25c
Anker's bouillon capsules
— vegetable flavor
Tomato catsup 3 for 50c
reg'ly 20c bottle
improves good foods
Malt whiskey— wmPmn 75c
reg'ly $1 bottle— seven years old
Breakfast mushes 25c
University oats 2 pkges j^r
University b'kf'st mush 3 pkges iiOV *
Prunes— good ones 4 lbs 25c
reg'ly 3 lbs 35
large fine fruit
Olives— Manzanilla quart 20c
Faney — are advancing
Listerine 65c
more elsewhere
Whisk brooms 15c
reg'ly 20c
Clothes well dusted are said to last
longer — they look better
Towel rack • 40c
reg'ly 50c— nickel plated
Heavy — last forever '-
Pepper grinders 35c
reg'ly 50c— nickel plated
small— ornamental — grind pepper
fresh on your table
Illustrated catalogue revised to May
first free for a postal
Shipping orders have the right kind of
attention here
432 Pine 115 Sutter aSoo California San Franclsc*
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
RADKE & CO., I
118 Sutter Street, ||
ARE SHOWING l M
JUNE WEDDING PRESENTS M
In Cut Glass and Solid Silver g
Summer Belts in silver. . .$l.OO and up |
Souvenir Spoons with scene . : . 75c up m
SPECIAL ATTENTION TO MAIL AND EX- R1
PRESS ORDERS. M
111111 mm 11 iph THfi
~ W. X. HESS.
JTOTABT PUBLIO AND ATTOBNBY-AT LAW, .
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldg.
• Telephone Brown 931. . -
Residence. 821 California St.. below PoweU,
San Francisco.
&> SAVfe YOUR MONEY ! \
|: 3|L From $10 to $17.50
\ &§Wimk You can get the best Wool i
i Q/fSSSSfuk Suit Made to Order at '
iiWEfJOE POHEIM:
i | / lMsi% ' If you want a first-class, '
I |*%6"' well-fitting suit of clothes /
]i Big from $20' to $40 go to i
II JOE POHEIM :
I 1 "VJfl Fine Clothes at 25 per
\ cent less than elsewhere. ,'
/ 201-203 Montgomery St., Cop. Bush, i
i 1 110-11 12 Market St., S. F. '
Eye-Glass Wisdom.
Trade is Impartial: loves nobody, hates no-
body—goes where it gets best service. That'«
the reason we fill so many oculists' prescrip-
tions and have such a large popular trade for
our perfect spectacles and eyeglasses. Besides,
our new clip doesn't slip, tilt or pinch (for
cO cents. No extra charce on a new pair.
Oculists' prescriptions filled— Factory on prem-
ises — Phone Main 10. Quick repairing.
OPTICIANS PhotOGß^^J ll^
642 Market St, instruments .
iMttn tnonici-t Buud>hc>
0000000000000000 GO
g's? PALACE m "pl
%GRAND HgZStso
!I SAN FRANCISCO. "
** Connected by a covered passajrirwaT. **
& 1400 Rooms— 9oo *1 h Bath Attached *»
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE TSE PRICES: O
O EuropeanPlan.»l.oo per d»y an« upward O
A American Plan.sB.Oo per day And upward A
" . Corr«epon<lenc« Solicited. Sf
0 JOHN 0. S3BKPATKICS, M»n»gtr. O
Q,O 000000000000 0 0
DR.MCNULTY.
fllll IS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
J. SpeoilUiSt ewe* Private, Nervous, and Blood Div
eases Oi Men only. Boole on Private Diseases mid
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rs" experience.
Patienwcurednt Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3dnliy;4J»toB:aO Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call,oraddTB«»
P. KOSCOE McWCIiTY. M.».
2G^ Kcarnr St., San Francisco. Cat.
[ DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE . _
I BLOOD, LIVER. LUNGS;
tti^pb&M Gleet. Sperm.torrhSk
S^^CCliET^ Gleet. Spermatorrh "*!
;MflDlioodiTi.« Whites, unnatural .li»I
mmf Goar»nt«4 Q charges, or any inflamma.
«*6¥ cot to strietarf. "* tion, irritation or ulcerE
BU-Jpr.renti coauKi... tion of t m ncous mem-
tfaWHEEvANS CheuioiCq. oranea. Non-aatringent.
3INCINNATI.O MR Sold 7 Ormgsiuth.
Hffißk C. :. a. jfUl '.'f Bent 'a plain wrapper.
■ Circ«u»r t«nt oa Vfctoaifc
_ Vfiy 320 MARKET ST. S.F.^^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organa. Depot, S2J Mark«u