VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 175.
JAPAN HAS
BLOCKED THE
CABLE LINE
Seizes Marcus Island in the
Middle of the Pacific
Ocean.
HEADS OFF AMERICA
Must Reach Manila by .Wire Via
Wake Island or Not
at All.
Sp'-r;!- ' ■ to The Call,
NEW YORK. May 23.— Wash
ington correspondent of the
Herald telegraphs: I learned to
day that '.he attention of the State
Department has been called to the re
cent occupation by Japan of Marcus
Island, in the I" .cine. The acquisition
of this is] and by Japan has had the
effect of lining a change in the in
structions given to the collier Nero,
•which is surveying the cable route
proposed by Rear Admiral Bradford.
This route avoids Wake Island,
which v/pf tf.kcn possession of by the
gunboat Bennington in the name of
the United States, and contemplated
the laying 1 of a cable between Hono
lulu and Midway Island, acknowl
edged to be American, which pos
sesses a hprbor capable, with slight
improvements, of accommodating
vessels of light draught.
The distance between Honolulu
and Midway is 1160 miles. The prop
osition was then to connect Midway
and Marcus Island, 1500 miles apart,
with Guam, the next cable station be
ing only 840 miles distant from Mar
cus Island.
Marcus Island is 1000 miles from
Yokohama and was placed by the
United States man-of-war Tuscarora
in 1874, in latitude 23 degrees 10
minutes north, longitude 154 degrees
east.
Reports received at the Navy De
partment regarding Wake Island
«how that it is of little value as a
cable station, being but a few feet
above the sea and frequently sub
merged.
•♦'♦•♦•♦•♦•♦•♦•♦#
IT MARKS
A NEW ERA
IN MEDICINE
Chicago Physician Makes a
Wonderful Discovery in
Using the X Ray.
Pppr-ial Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO, Maj 23.— The value of the
X ray to the science of medicine is to
have a new demonstration before the
Chicago Medical Society to-morrow
evening. Should the experimi nts stand
the critical test in public that p ate
trials have shown, the whole E
of medical science as applied I
vital ■ man will
Lafid a Chi i will
:■•'! a new name t<> discoveries
;<l"iig Bcientiflc lines.
Dr. Walter K. Metcalf has been ex
perimenting with Roentgen rays since
last December in an endeavor to form
compound that could be intro
i Into the stomach and alimentary
tract bo that the form and shane of
■ il organs could be s.-pn
through the medium of the fluoros
To-day h-=> paid: "With my di
h can be definitely out
giving its size, shape and posi
tion. It may also be determined
whether the churnings' are fast or
regular <t irregular. This is ac-
Ished by filling the stomach cay
• n!) what I have termed
'bismuth . Bismuth, a metal.
ls in '- : the X ray as compared
with animal tie • (bone thus mak
ing it possible to see the shadow out-
LCta filled with
bismuth through either animal tissue
or b<
"Bism . ion is non-toxic, non
irritating . • .. made an ti B eptlc
making It ] , !i!l any accessible
cavity.
In :what .ways will my method be
useful '" physicians? It will give an
outline <»f the stomach, and by it the
changes that take place In jjastritaslai
atrophy, stricture, hourglass (llltl ,
SSS" nim - m aiign^ *£&
Dr. R. Penning said: "I mn«i<i«r
Dr. Metcalf/s discovery of the grea test
importance to the profession: ] have
been present at several testa and was
astonished at the results. To look into
a. man and see his stomach churning in
the regular motions of digestion gives
one a new Idea of the wonderful erea
tion called man. l do not think it will
be necessary to fill the stomach with
the bismuth preparation. The possi
bilities of medicine with this new dial
covery are endless. If it acts under all
conditions as under those I have noted
medicine will become as exact a science
as surgery. The action produced on the
stomach by hot or cold foods, by animal
<>r vegetable foods, by acids, drugs and
a thousand other things will he noted
Every tract of the body ran be studied
in its natural state while it is in opera
tion. Internal tumors, in fact, any dis
arrangement of the functions of na
ture, can be located." *
The San Francisco Call.
THE MEN BEHIND THE GUNS ON THE CONCORD.
Snapshot Taken on the Deck of the Concord on the Memorable First Day of May, 1898.
THOMAS O'KEEFE is a San
Francisco lad who fought under
Admiral Dewey at the battle of
Manila Bay. O'Keefe did not
wear gold lace and a sword and
stand on the quarterdeck during the
destruction of Montejo'a fleet; he was
pimply a member of the six-inch after
1 port gun of the little gunboat Concord,
but that gun played an important part
in the engagement, for the concord.
THE ADMIRAL
HONORED BY
THE BRITISH
Bpedal Dispatch to The Call.
H< iXGKONG, May 23.— The United
, States cruiser Olympia, with Admiral
Dewey on board, has arrived from
Manila. She was saluted by the ships
of all nationalities.
Admiral Dewey, Captain Lamberton,
Lieutenant Brumby and United States
Consul Wildman were received by a
guard of honor of the Royal Welsh Fu
sileers when they landed to visit the
Governor of Hongkong, Sir Henry A.
Blake, Major General Oascoigne in
command of the troops and Commo
dore Powell commanding the naval
■s. The visit was afterward re
turned by the officials mentioned.
Admiral Dewey is in bad health, be
ing too ill to attend the Queen's birth
day dinner.
The Olympia is going to dock here
and will remain ten days at this port.
Dewey Home Fund
WASHINGTON, May 23.— The sub
scrlptiona for the Dewey home fund so
far received by the national commit
tee amount to $3709. Among those re
ceived to-day was one of $100 from Vice
President Hobart.
A RUNNING FIGHT
WITH FILIPINOS
Special fable to The fall and thr New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, May 24.— The Twenty-second
and Third Infantry, while escorting the
Signal Corps, which was picking: up tho
ti k-Rraph wire from San Miguel to Tia
liiiap, had a running fight for the wholf
distance. They lost one man killed and
one officer and fourteen men wounded.
The American troops reached Balinag at
8 o'clock last evening. They captured
thirty rifles and twenty prisoners. The
Insurgents are comlne In from back of
General Lawton's advance.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 24, 1899.
being of lighter draught than the other
American ships, was able to draw clos
er in shore and complete the work of
destruction.
O'Keefe is as modest as he is brave,
and ha? nothing to say about his share
in the glorious event. He merely sends
the accompanying photograph, with a;
■ boyish letter and a few trinkets to a;
former schoolmate in response to a re
quest for sonic souvenir of the srreal
RETURNS THANKS TO "THE CALL."
Brigadier General James F. Smith Acknowl
edges the Receipt of Newspapers and Read
ing Matter Sent to the Boys of the
First California.
HEADQUARTERS
Sub-Military District of the Island of Negros .
Bacolod, P. 1., April 9th, 1899.
' 'THE CALL, ■ '
San Francisco.
Sir: —
It gives me great pleasure to thankfully acknowledge the
receipt of a large quantity of reading matter obtained by f 'The
Call 1 for the California Volunteers. Every month since our de
parture from San Francisco ' 'The Call ' ' has thoughtfully sent a
file of papers for the boys of the regiment, and the additional
reading matter so kir\dly supplied through its efforts simply in
creases a sense of obligation already very great.
The members of the regiment appreciate very much the dona
tion of that which helps to kill many a dull hour, and for them
and for myself I tender sincere thanks to • 'The Call' ' and those
who assisted in the good work. I have the honor to be,
Very Respectfully,
fight. Th' sen olmate is proud of the
picture, for it is one of five copies: he
is proud of the other mementoes, too.
but he is prouder of the letter written
by hi? old chum o speaks po tender
ly of their boyhood days when their
teacher was none other than the father
of his friend.
It will be remembered that durine
the engagement, or lier after the
Spanish fleet had bi n so crippled that
escape waE lmpO"Sib"~, Admiral "T v
signaled 1 ships to withdraw for
breakfast before finis 1 is up the job
and silencing the guns of Cavite.
O'Keefe. in his letter, say 3 the picture
was taken after the men had finished
akfast and the ship was returning
• to the attack. The six-inch eun crew
; of which ho was a me— 'ber was ready
; for action, when the surgeon came
1 along with his camera and told them
to drop down while he took- a snapshot
at them. O'Keefe gives his position as
on the right of the officer and directly
in front of the man with the cartridge
belt on. Partly in front of him is an
other sailor with a black cap on.
O'Keefe marked, a small T on his cap
in order that his friend might the more
readily distinguish him, but it is hardly
discernible n thr> reproduction.
CALIFORNIA
ARE DELAYED
AT MANILA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, May 23.— The departure of
the First California Infantry for home
has been prevented by a typhoon. The
rainy season in fact has already fairly
begun.
Major Bell of the Fourth Cavalry to
day made a reconnoissance at Santa
Rita, west of Bacolod. He encountered
considerable resistance from the enemy
and had several men wounded.
There was also a brush with the
enemy at Mariquina and later at Pa
say, where a line of insurgent skir
mishers who were shielding a force of
trench diggers attacked General Oven
shine's lines. The rebels were repulsed
by a battalion of the First Idaho In
fantry and two companies of the Twen
tieth Infantry. The Americans had two
men killed and two wounded.
These attacks upon the American
forces to-day, while Aguinaldo's com
missioners are in Manila negotiating
for peace are held to show a lack of
control of the rebel chiefs over their
followers and the futility of negotia
tions while armed rebels still keep the
field.
Recent events and negotiations for
peace have not brought about any
change in the American military policy.
So long as rebels appear in arms they
will be attacked and dispersed.
The railway tracks have been re
paired and the first train reached San
Fernando this morning.
The Spanish newspaper, Oceania, has
been suppressed by the military au
thorities and the editor arrested, for
publishing objectionable articles.
Two battalions of the Sixth Artillery
and 260 marines arrived here from San
Francisco to-day. Brigadier General
Williston, who arrived In command of
the Sixth Artillery, will succeed Gen
eral Hughes as provost marshal of
Manila. General Hughes has been as
signed, to duty in the Yisayan Islands.
PRICE CFIVE CENTS.
AGUINALDO
NOT READY
FOR PEACE
Nothing Accomplished by
the Commission Sent to
General Otis.
TO CO ON FIGHTING
Filipino Leaders Believe They Can
Get Better Terms by Continu
ing the War.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tor*
Herald. Copyrighted, IVM. by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, May 23.— The
Filipino Commissioners
called early to-day upon
General Otis, but made no offi
cial propositions relative to sur
render. They met the American
Commission later and held four
hours' conference.
It is said that the Filipinos
were dismayed at the terms of
fered in President McKinley's
cablegram. Gregorio del Pilar
turned red under his brown skin
when he realized that he was be
ing offered nothing but vague
promises of possible representa
tion for his people in case of
compliance with the American
demand that they lay down
arms.
Every Filipino shrugged his
shoulders as the glowing prophe
cies of the future after the cessa
tion of hostilities were outlined
to them by the members of our
commission. They said that they
asked for independence and lib
erty with dignity, under the pro
tection of the United States, and
were now offered nothing but the
indefinite assurance that individ
ual natives might hold some offi
cial positions under the proposed
government. The native Com
missioners have great dread of fu
ture Congressional action. They
will accept not a single condition
of those proposed, but will re
turn dissatisfied to Aguinaldo
and report.
Major Zailcita, one of the Fili
pino Commissioners, said: "As
the ultimate form of government
rests in the hands of the Ameri
can Congress, the present pro
posals are merely provisional.
The result of the present plan
I would be that Americans would
be at the head of every depart
ment of government, as the Fili
pinos' tenure of office would de
pend on the will of the Ameri
! cans. We think we can get bet
ter, terms."
A leading banker of Manila
jsays: "The present proposals
are only a repetition of the provi
; sions of the American commis
i sion's proclamation. That means
, that this is an American colony.
You have adopted an imperialis
tic policy, then why talk over
j matters with the envoys of a hos
tile force which must be crushed
before such a government as is
proposed can be established?
"The opinion of military offi
cials is that the negotiations
merely encourage the insurgents
to hold out for better terms, espe
cially since the commading
American general is not con
! suited. General Luna is bound
to continue to fight for indepen
dence. Negotiations which en
courage the natives to hope to
obtain great concessions may
cost the lives of many American
soldiers."
OTIS OPPOSED TO
CONCILIATORY MEASURES
To \7eaken Before the Filipinos Now
Will Mean Trouble in the
Future.
MANILA, May 23.— The Filipino
Commissioners spent the day at the
residence of the American Commis
sioners. Thpy discussed every point
of the scheme of government and the
peace proclamation details, asking for
information as to what personal rights
would be guaranteed them. Colonel
Charles Denby. of the American Com*2
FRUIT GROWERS DECIDE
TO FORM A NORTHERN
CALIFORNIA EXCHANGE
SACRAMENTO, May rf— The State
convention of fruit growers
closed its session to-night at the
Assembly chamber, after having
resolved upon forming a protect
ive organisation, to be known as the
Northern California Fruit Growers'
Exchange. The organization will op
erate along the lines followed by the
Southern California Fruit Exchange.
Organization of the State convention
was effected this morning by the elec
tion of Russ D. Stephens of Sacra
mento as chairman and B. M. Lelong,
secretary of the State Board of Horti
• uiture, as secretary. There were in at
tendance about 100 of the best known
nrchardists of California north of the
Tehachapi.
The session, which resulted to-night
in such a definite determination to or
ganize, opened inaußpiciously this
morning. When the long-looked-for
I-'tter from the Southern Pacific Com
pany was read, to most of the dele
gates the subject of refrigeration, of
h hiih it treated, was no more glacial
than the tone of the communication.
It was polite enough, but the politeness
was of the shivery sort, reminiscent of
an undertaker in action, and the silence
which followed its reading was pro
foundly funereal. In effect it re
proached the fruit growers for "not ap
preciating a good thing when it was
"ffered to them, and gave them slight
encouragement in their present pur
pose to fight the refrigerator combina
tion.
<'hairman Stephens informed the
(.invention that he had written a let
ter to William Sproule, freight traffic
manager of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, in which he asked these ques
tions:
First— ls the Southern Pacific Company
prevented by any arrangements with the
Kruit Growers' Express and the Conti
nental Fruit Express from permitting any
competing line of refrigerator cars enter
ing California and competing for ship
ments of green fruit, and. if not, will the
company extend to one or more Eastern
refrigerator lines the same facilities en
joyed by the existing lines for getting
business in this territory?
Second— lf the fruit growers of Califor
nia decide to establish an independent car
line and perfect an organization for that
purpose, will the Southern Pacific haul
their cars, and on what terms and condi
tions?
Third— Will the Southern Pacific supply
a proper and sufficient equipment of ven
tilator cars?
rth— lf the company has not a suf
■ I equipment of ventilator car 6to
the wants of the growers, will it
i convert cars for that purpose?
Firth— lf so how so. in will the com
l'.-iti> . undertake to furnish the cars re
quir< .'1 ?
a— What is the Southern Pacific
willing to do in the direction of inaugu
rating an expedited ventilator train ser
•hrough ogdcn or more easterly
points?
Seventh— Will the company haul and
give the same service and time to ventil
ator cars that has been given to refrig
erator cars?
In his reply, which Mr. Stephens
made public at the same time, Freight
Traffic Manager Sproule calls the at
tention of Mr. Stephens to the fact
that his company could not be charged
with the introduction of the refrig
erator plan of transportation, except
in so far as it had yielded to the rep
zesentations of the shippers and grow
ers, accepting as a matter of course
their verdict in favor of the refriger
ator system. The letter then reminds
the orchardists that —
For several years the fruit moved In
ventilated fruit cars built by the carriers
especially for the traffic and furnished
without expense to those who desired to
load them. Shippers were not satisfied
with the ventilated car. whether run on
regular freight trains or on special fast
trains, and Insisted that only under re
frigeration could California's fruit be sirc
illy placed in Eastern markets. Still
there were some who in convention and
In- person expressed themselves as certain
that the transportation in ventilated cars
could be made successful, and in express
compliance with these representations this
company added to its ventilator equip
ment TOO double-walled, paper-lined ven
tilated cars, which embodied all the val
uable points In construction and ventilat
ing appliances developed by experience.
mission explained that they would be ]
the- same as under the United States
constitution. The Filipinos also desired
information as to the school system to
be established, and approved of the
American policy of the separation of
church, and state.
They chiefly objected to the scheme
OB the ground that It gave them per
sonal liberty, which they know they
would have, but did not give them po
litical liberty.
Finally the Filipinos said they were
personally pleased with the plan, but
could not indorse it officially.
During the day the Filipino Commls-
Btonera called upon General Otis, and
th'-y will repeat their call to-morrow, j
There Is much comment here on the j
outing the Filipino envoys are enjoy- j
ing. They are arrayed in blue coats, '
scarlet trousers and gold lace, and i
drive about the city, reveling in the j
attentions bestowed on them, which is
evidently exceedingly gratifying to
them. They are the centers of contin
ual leveee at Filipino houses, where
they have been entertained and have
had every opportunity to advance the
interests of the Insurrection.
Military sentiment disapproves of the
Filipinos being lionized by their civil
ian element. General Otis, from ante
bellum experience and knowing the
Filipino's fondnesß for discussion, has
maintained the attitude he assumed
with the first Commission. He has
had no offer to make the Filipinos j
pave that they lay down their arms
without terms. The army believes that
if we intend to remain in the Philip- i
pine Islands it will be cheaper in the I
long run to whip the insurgents bo \
thoroughly that they would be glad of j
the opportunity to surrender, rather
than parley with them and make terms !
which they would construe as a com
promise.
The army is also of the opinion that
while the first course may cost more
men and more money in the begin
ning than the latter, it will prove an
effectual damper upon future insurrec
tions-, whereas if the war is ended by
a compromise the professional revolu- |
tionists among the Tagallos may be
encouraged to try again in a few years, j
Professor Schurman, speaking of the
commission's policy, said:
"I believe force was necessary be
cause they thought us weaklings and
cowards: but I believe also that con- i
filiation should accompany force. My !
endeavor has been, ever since I came :
here, to exercise conciliation."
The professor is most optimistic as
to the results of the negotiations, and
believes the scheme of government pro- i
posed by the United States Commission
will ultimately be adopted.
Rosario, a Filipino congressman, a
wealthy resident of Manila and former- I
ly Aguinaldo's commissary-general, ac- 1
RUSS D. STEPHENS.
These cars were, as always before, placed
at Bhlppers' disposal without charge, but
the issue proved that the expectation of
handling the business in ventilated cars
was not well founded, and they wore not
used, but the business for which they
were built moved instead in refrigerators.
For this company it was a costly experi
ment, made in sincere effort to meet the
views of the fruit growers, under promise
in convention that the cars would be us"<l.
Our ventilated equipment so provided has
consequently since been converted into
boxcars, and there is no changed condi
tion with respect to transportation In v n
tilated cars that would warrant the car
riers in restoring at great expense equip
ment which has failed to stand the te?t
of experience and been discarded by the
growers and shippers.
Continuing -the letter of the freight
traffic manager says that the present
refrigerator system of transportation
began in 1888; that at that time the
charges for refrigeration were from $60
to $100 per car higher than now; that
owing to reasons with which his com
pany was not concerned one refrigera
tor company after another dropped out;
that last year three lines of refrigera
tor cars were provided, but out of some
4700 cars of fruit shipped all but a
hundred or so were loaded in the cars
of the Fruit Growers' Express and Con
tinental Fruit Express. The letter
further states that the centralization
of fruit in these two refrigerator lines
caused the railroad company to follow
the lead of the shippers and engage
from the Fruit Growers' Express and
Continental Fruit Express all the re
frigerators needed for the traffic.
The letter then directly answers the
questions of Mr. Stephens in this wise:
Our response to your first and second
question? consequently is that we have
contracted for all the refrigerator cars
-ary for the deciduous fruit traffic.
Were we to accept special line? of r^frlg
ernt'irs in the endeavor to satisfy the va
rious and often conflicting interests of
those promoting individual car line? we
would have so many refrigerators on the
line and under such variety of ausp
that serious confusion would develop, to
gether with a multitude of cars for which
there .would be no loads. • * •
As to the remaining <iuestions your let
ter recites, new ventilated cars could not
be obtained, at this late date, and we have
companied by an insurgent captain, ;
called upon Major General Otis to-day i
and announced that he desired to sur- i
render his person and property into the
hands of the Americans.
The surrender was arranged by '
Chaplain Pierce of the Fourteenth Reg
iment, who knew Rosario before the
war. Rosario has been closely watch
ed by the officials at Tarlac since the 1
insurrection has been weakening, and j
only escaped by persuading General !
Luna to send him on a secret mission
to -Manila for the purpose of collecting
funds. With the captain are ten men
and their families. Rosario traveled at
night through the swamps and moun- j
tains, passed the lines of both armies
and entered Manila last evening. He
has been liberated on parole.
According to the story told by Ro
sario, General Luna is absolute dicta
tor and Aguinaldo fears him. Every
Filipino leader, it is added, suspects
the others of treachery.
The recent meeting of the Filipino j
congress was to secure a new cabinet, j
and the question of peace was not for- j
mally considered, as the members fear- i
ed General Luna's displeasure. The
Filipino government was unable to se- I
cure a Secretary of the Treasury. All |
those who were offered the portfolio
declined to accept it.
MEN KILLED SINCE
THE WAR BEGAN
NEW YORK, May 23.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Adjutant Gen
eral Corbin has prepared this statement
of the number of deaths which have oc
curred in the army since the beginning
of the war with Spain:
In Cuba, 1399; in Porto Rico, 257; at Ho
nolulu, 45; in the Philippines, 606; in the
United States, 3K72; total, 6209.
BRUTAL TREATMENT OF
THE YORKTOWN'S MEN
NEW YORK, May 21. -The Manila cor
respondent of the Journal cables an In
teresting interview with General Lawton
regarding the campaign. General Lawton
gives the first information about the
shocking manner in which the men from
the Yorktown have been treated by their
Filipino captors. He found melancholy
evidences, when he captured San Isldro,
that the American prisoners had been
cruelly abused and subjected to outra
geous indignities at the hands of Aguin
aldo's barbarous soldiers.
After thirty days' successful campaign
ing Lawton is resting with 6000 men at
Candaba. He said in describing his vic
torious march of a' month's duration:
"II pained me when v. - c got into San
Isidro to Bee on the walls of the prison
th^rf the names of the fifteen Americans
frum the Yorktown.
"From Colonel Ray, the Spanish officer
whnm we rescued, I learned that one of
the American prisoners. escaped from his
ci'.j'Uire. His freedom was short-liven, fur
he wns afterward recaptured. He was
stretched on the ground before his fellow
prisoners and twenty hishes were given
him
"We found a letter near San Isldrn,
written by one of the Yorktown's crew,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 24, 1899.
■ • ♦♦♦ »♦♦♦♦♦♦♦«♦♦♦■♦#
none of the ventilated fruit cars for
merly in the service, except such as is
necessary for our strictly local business.
We cannot take them out of the local and
put them into the through traffic, because
in the through traffic they would make
two. possibly three, trips- in the season,
whereas in the local traffic they make
many trips and are used continuously.
The letter closed with deprecatory
reference to the present agitation, the
freight manager appearing; to believe
that such a movement would hurt the
fruit season which, he said, promised
such rich returns.
It was not long after the correspond
ence had been made public that the
fruit growers renewed their resolution
to go ahead and organize, whether the
prospect as regarded the railroad's at
titude was hopeful or not. Edward
Berwick of Monterey urged the grow
ers to can and dry their fruit and ship
none at all until conditions were
changed. H. L. Gibhß a fruit shipper
from Stockton, who said he was a for
mer employe of the Earl Fruit Com
pany, asserted that a conspiracy was
on foot by that and other companies
to ruin the growers. J. N. Barton of
Loomis said if the growers would or
ganize this year they would be free
from slavery next year. ffi^P
A. R. Sprague, president of the
Southern California Deciduous Fruit
Exchange, declared that the railroad
was just as willing to deal with the
growers as it wa« with Porter and Earl
provided the growers were organized
on business principles. He urged the
grow of the north to organize along
the same lines as the exchan*" 1 of
which he was the head. Other, orchard
ists spoke in the same strain and a
number of letters were read from
growers unable to be present, in which
they urged thorough organization.
When the report of the committee
favoring organization was presented
there was much enthusiasm, and in a
few minutes $300 was raised with which
to carry on the preliminaries.
To-night the convention adjourned
after discussing details and directing
that the work of incorporating the
Northern California Fruit Exchange be
proceeded with at once.
Baying that they were betn^ kicked, their
hair pulled out and that they were cruelly
treated in various other ways, and pray
ing their fellow countrymen to hurry to
their release.
"The insurgents make a practice of
murdering Chinese who fall into Lneir
hands, and our men, I suppose, should
consider themselves fortunate they have
not been similarly treated, though the
cruelties and Indignities heaped upon
them must, be hard to bear."
TWO OFFICERS SLATED
FOR PROMOTION
WASHINGTON, May 23.— General Otis
I cables as follows:
MANILA, May 23.— Adjutant General, Wash
ington: On urgent recommendation of Lawton
I recommend Colonel Owen Pummirs to be
brigadier general of volunteer* by brevet for
conspicuous gallantry ;it Maasan. Bulac bridge
and Ban Isidro; Captain J. P. <"asr. major .if
volunteers by brevet, for distinguished services
and gallantry at above places while acting di
vision engineer officer.
Colonel Summers its colonel of the S«c-
I ond Orpgon Volunteers and commanded
i the advance brigade of General Lawton's
! division during his recent march north
| ward to San Isidro.
ANTI-IMPERIALISTS
WANT CO-OPERATION
BOSTON, May 23.— The executive com
mittee of the Anti-Imperialist League to
day elected the following additional vice
presidents: Senator Donaldson Caffrey of
Louisiana, ex-Congressman W. Bourke
Cochran of New York, William H. Flem
ing of Georgia, ex-Congressman Henry
U. Johnson of Indiana, President David
' Starr Jordan of Stanford University, Her
) bert Welsh of Pennsylvania, Rev. Leon
i ard Woolsey Bacon '..f Connecticut, Pro
feasor Hermann yon Hoist of Chicago
University*, Colonel Thomas Wentworth
Higginson of Massachusetts, Professor
W. G. Sumner of Yale, College, Charlton
T. Lewis of Now York, Austin iG. Fox
of N«\v York. Governor Andrew\Le\ of
South Dakota, Patrick Ford of New
! York, Kdwin Uurritt Smith of C'hi
j cago. Senator B; R. Tillman of South
Carolina, George G. Mercer Of Pensyl
vania. President Henry Wade Rogers of
j the Northwestern University, Dr. Emil
Pretorius of St. Louis, C. J. Bonaparte of
Baltimore. Colonel Patrick O'Farrell of
' Washington, Dr. Felix Adler of New
York, Albert E. Pillsbury of Massachu
setts. It was resolved to promulgate the
i following resolution:
"That the Anti-Imperialist League
should take Immediate steps to establish
and encourage close relations with all as
sociations and Individuals throughout the
country who are opposed to the imperial
policy, with a view to organize all the ele
ments of opposition to this policy for the
I most effective and united political action
! at the proper time."
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May 23.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. 48 hour» from Cpo» Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Kl'REKA— Arrived May 23— Stmr North Fork,
hence May 22; schr Oceania Vance, hence May
19.
TORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 23— U S
Btmr Richard Rush, with U S stmr Xunivak In
tow, hen"c May 2, via Eureka.
TRANSATI-ANTir STEAMER.
MOVlLLE— Arrived May 23— Stmr Fumesia,
from New York, for Glasgow.
PRINCE McCLURG
WINS THE DERBY
Favorite Takes Latonia
Classic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI. May 33.— More than 10.000 peo
ple crowded the Le-tonia course to-day to see
the Derby run. The weather was delightful
and the track In perfect Hhape. Prince Mc-
Clurg. the favorite, won the big event without
a struggle. Deering was second, one length In
front of Ways and Means, which was coupled
In the betting with His Lordship as J. D.
Smith's entry. The time was 2:36Vfc. The win
ner's share of the purse amounts to $6925. Wil
lie Beauchamp rode Prince McClurg, but it re
quired no great effort on the boy's part to win.
Prince McClurg was the beet horse and was
running easily when he crossed the wire.
Starter Chlnn had a hard time getting the
field lined up and when the flag dropped it was
to a fair start only. Leo Planter at once shot
to the front and opened a gap of two lengths.
His Lordship was second, a head in front of
Eberhart. The latter moved up to the throat
latch of Leo Planter and the two raced like a
team to within three-eighths of a mile from
home, when they faltered and fell back beaten.
Prince McClurg thpn showed in front and was
on thr bit the rest of the way. Deerlng, which
had been lying far behind the field, came
through with a wild burst of speed and beat
the badly tiring Ways and Means for the place.
Leo Planter was fourth, Eberhart a distant
fifth and His Lordship was beaten off.
Prince MeClurg, the winner, is the property
of W. E. Applegate, the bookmaker. Kesults:
Six furloncs— John Bright won. Dr. Nem
bula second. Horace third. Time, 1:16.
One mile, selling— Don Clarencio won, Croe
sus second. Lieu wanna third. Time, 1:41%.
Five furlongs, 2-year-olds— Strathbroeck
won, St. Ivor second, Jucoma third. Time,
I:U2H.
The Latonla Derby, net value $6925. one and
a half miles— Prince McClurg, 122 i Beau
champ). 6 to 5, won. Deering. 114 (Overton),
to to 1, second; Ways and Means, 114 (\ an
Dusen), 7 to 2, third. Time. 2:36 V». Leo
Planter. Eberhart and His Lordship also ran.
Four and one-half furlongs, 2-year-olds—
Elizabeth Klaln won. Isablnda second, Prin
cess Thyra third. Time. :55V4-
One mile, selling— Rastus won, Isabey sec
ond, Bon Jour third. Time, 1:41.
NEW YORK, May Frequent showers
spoiled the attendance at • Morris Park to-day.
The Pocantlco handicap was the feature of the
i day, but only three horses started, Ethelbert
! being a 1 to 3 shot. That this was Justified
i was shown by the race, for he won easily alter
; indulging Half Time with the lead to the last
: furlong, and broke the track record by one
-1 quarter of a second. In the first race all of
i the horses were ridden by maiden Jockeys,
and all but Pacemaker, Great Neck and
; Kni»!it of the Garter raced to a finish to a
1 false start. The others finished in a drive in
' the order named. Results.
I Seven Pacemaker won. Great Neck
1 second, Knight of the Garter third. Time,
1:29 U.
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Affect
I won. Fluke second. Osceola third. Time. :54.
j Six furlongs— L'Alouette won, Lambent sec
ond,'SwiftmaS third. Time, 1:12<4."
Pocantlco handicap, mile and a sixteenth—
Ethelbert won. Half Time second, Alpena third.
Time. 1:46».i. . • '
The Amateur Cup. one mile— Buela won,
Brahmin second. Arquebus third. Time, 1:44%.
Mile and an eighth— lmp won, Glenolne sec
ond, Jefferson third. Time, 1:53%.
CHICAGO. May 23.— Weather clear; track
good. Lakeside results: VPfli
I One mile— Baker won, Nathanson sec
! ond. Donna Rltza third. Time, 1:42%.
Four and a half furlongs— Cheesestraw won,
John Grigsby second, Unsightly third. Time,
■MM.
Five furlongs— O'Connell won, Old Saugus
! second. Abuse third. Time. 1:01*4.
Mile and a sixteenth— Devil won, Fon
cllffe second. Tours Truly third. Time. 1:48%.
j Six and a half furlongs— Braw Lad won,
' Kamsln second. Meddler third. Time, 1:21"*.
, Six and a half furlongs— Little Singer won,
; Bright Night second, Fintan third. Time,
i 1:23»i.
: TORONTO, Ont., May 23.— 1n the third race
I this afternoon Curfew Bell was first past the
i winning post, but was disqualified for foul
, Ing Butterscotch. The track was fast. Re- i
; sults:
Flash stakes, five furlongs — Day won,
Rldeau second, Rey Salazar third. Time,
; 1:02%. ■ ,
Lansdowne purse, five furlongs — won.
, White Clover second. High Field third. Time,
■ 1:05%.
Breeders' stake, one and an eighth miles-
Butterscotch won. Flying Belle second, Gor
don M third. Time, 2:03.
Woodstock plate, one and an eighth mile!" —
Gold Car won. Duke of Mlddleburg second,
Galahad third. Time. 1:58%.
.Helter Skelter purse, one and three-quarter
miles— High Tide won. Mr. Dunlap second. Last
Fellow, third. Time, 3:50.
Hotel plate, selling.' one Skillman won.
i Our Llda second. Judge Quigley third. Time.
1:46. ■
Selling, one Guilder won, Ablngdon
second, Amentl third. Time. 1:48%.
I ST. LOUIS. May 23.— Weather pleasant: track
heavy. Results:
. Five and a half furlongs — Also Ran II won.
! Trust Me second, Lady Osborne third. Time,
1:12%.
Maiden two-year-olds, five furlongs— Admiral
Schley won. Annie Palmer second, Arthur Be
! han third. Time, 1:08.
Two-year-olds, five furlongs— Abenlale won,
i ' Xed Dennis second, Chlekamauga third. Time.
1 1:06.
Selling, six and a half furlongs— Horseshoe
• Tobacco won, Banish second. Imp. King Gold
. third. Time, 1:25»£.
Selling, one mile— George Lee won. Official
! second. Jackanapes third. Time, 1:48V4,.
Selling, six and a half furlongs— O'Connor
' won, Florissant second, Chiffon third. Time,
! 1 27. ' '
BROOKLYNS EASILY
BEATS THE COLONELS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. 1,. Pet. CTubo— W. L. Pot.
Brooklyn 23 9 .719 Baltimore ...16 IS .nl6
St 1.0u15....22 9 .710 Plttsburg . 11 IS .379
rhirago 20 11 .645 New York...!! 18 .379
Boston 18 12 .fiflO Louisville ..10 19 .346
Philadelphia 18 12 .Bnn Washington 8 23 .268
Cincinnati ..lfi 12 .r.71 Cleveland ... 6 21 .222
LOUISVILLE, May 23 —It was the samp old
story: the Colonels could not hit, while the
Puperbns batted Dowllng almost at will. At
tfndance, 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Ixmlsvllle 15 2
Brooklyn 9 17 1
Batteries— Dowltng and Klttredge; Kennedy,
Farrell and Grim. Umpires— Ernslle and Mc-
Donald.
PITTSBURGH May 23 —Seven hiu for thir
teen bases, scoring seven runs oft Rhlnes In
two Innings, was too much for Pitteburc to
overcome. Attendance, 1800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Plttsburg I 11 «
Baltimore t II 0
Batteries— Rhines, Sparks and Schriver; Kit
son and Robinson. Umpires— Gaffnay and As*
drews.
CINCINNATI. May 13.— Taylor was pounded
at will to-day by New York. Dammann went
in in the fifth and did not allow another run,
thoußh Meekin was very wild. The timely
hitting was absent. Attendance, 2000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 5 7 1
New York 7 13 3
Batteries— Taylor, Dammann and Peltz;
Meekin and Orady. Umpires— Swartwood and
Warner.
CHICAGO, May 23— Both teams Indulged in
a slugging match to-day, in which the Qua
kers came out one run to the good, although
they played poorly In the flf>lrt. Twice with
the bases full were they cleared on triples and
once by a home run. Attendance, 3500. Score:
Clubß— R. H. E.
Chicago 10 13 ;■
Philadelphia 11 17 6
Batteries— Taylor and Donahue; Donahue,
Douglass and McFarland. empires— Hunt and
Connelly.
ST. LOUIS. May 23 .-Klllen was on the rub
ber for Boston to-day, and the ex-Pirate's
shoots- were pounded all over the lot. St.
Louts was never In danger at any stage. Powell
kept the visitor's singles well scattered. The
game wa» full of brilliant fielding. Crlger's
throwing to second was fast and accurate, and
he cut off several of the Champions when
they attempted to steal. Attendance, 3300.
Score:
Clubs— R. h. E
St. Louis 9 17 2
Boston 4 ii o
Batteries— Powell and Crlger; Klllen and
Bergen. Umpires— O'Day and McGarr.
CLEVELAND. May 23.— The Clevelands wer e
lucky at the bat. while the Senators made
costly errors. That tells the story. Attend
ance. 200. Score:
Clubß— R. H. E
Cleveland 4 7 6
Washington 3 8 3
Batteries— Hill and Sugden; Baker, McFar
| land and McGuire. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
DIVER SAYS THE
PARIS IS DOOMED
Believes That the Attempt to
Float the LiQer Will Be
Unsuccessful.
© FALMOUTH, Eng., May 23.— A leading Cornish diver who returned £
8? here to-night from the Paris takes a very pessimistic view of the SS
* prospect for saving the liner. He said: £g
§ "I do not expect that the Paris will be refloated. She is pierced <%
6 by rocks amidships, her foreholds are badly damag-ed, the bulkheads are *8
§§ practically useless, and even if she were got off the rocks I believe she 2
M would sink. In my opinion the only remedy is a false bottom, which it ct
g would take a month to complete, and I believe that even moderately ib
g rough weather in the meantime would break up the ship."
S Everything is in readiness for to-morrow's effort to float the vessel $
n if the weather continues favorable. 88
8? Another diver reports that the Paris has sustained heavy damage p
S from her bow to a point seventy feet aft, but he thinks the principal
j| damage is inside the double-bottom. g»
PEACE CONFERENCE
CLOSELY GUARDED
THE HAGUE, May 23.— The chiefs of
the delegations to the Peace Conference
held a private meeting this morning at
"The House in the Woods," and after
ward informed their colleagues of
the arrangements made for a choice of
presidents of the committees as agreed
upon last evening.
The selections were ratified without
incident. The following is a list of the
heads of the first committee: Honor
ary presidents, Count yon Munster,
head of the German delegation, and Mr.
Andrew D. White, head of the Ameri
can delegation; effective president, A.
P. C. Van Karnebeck, head of the dele
gation of The Netherlands. This com
mittee is divided into two sections, war
and marine. The vice presidents of
the war section are: Lieutenant Gen
eral Abdulla Pasha of the Turkish dele
gation; Major General Ardagh of the
British delegation and Brigadier Gen
eral Monnier of the French delegation.
The vice presidents of the marine sec
tion are: Vice Admiral Fisher of the
British delegation; Vice Admiral Pe
than of the French delegation and Cap
tain Siegel of the German delegation.
The second, committee is constituted
as follows: Honorary presidents, the
Duke de Tetuan, head of the Spanish
delegation; Turkhan Pasha, head of
the Turkish delegation, and Count
yon Welserschcemb, head of the Aus
tria-Hungary delegation; effective
president, Professor de Maartens of the
Russian delegation. This committee is
also divided into two sections, Red
Cross and Brussels Conference. The
vice presidents of the Red Cross section
are: General Thaulow and Dr. S. Roth,
head of the Swiss delegation. The vice
presidents of the Brussels Conference
section are Professor yon Stengel of
the German delegation and General
Zuccari of the Italian delegation.
The third committee is composed as
follows: Honorary presidents, Count
Nigra, head of the Italian delegation,
and Sir Julian Pauncefote, head of the
British delegation; effective president,
M. Bourgeois, head of the French dele
gation; vice presidents, M. Debille,
head of the Spanish delegation; Baron
d'Estournelles de Constant of the
French delegation; rv>unt de Macedo,
head of the Portuguese delegation;
Herr Mercy, Signor Compili and Dr.
Zorn.
The three committees held their first
sessions this afternoon, these being de
voted solely to inaugural formalities
and an exchange of ideas with regard
to procedure. The^ will meet again on
Friday.
M. de Staale, head of the Russian
delegation and president of the confer
ence, attended the meeting of the ar
bitration committee, sitting next to M.
Leon Bourgeois, head of the French
delegation.
The measures to preserve the secrecy
of the deliberations have been doubled.
Only the delegates and secretaries are
admitted to the precincts of the Huis
Ten Bosch. Both entrances to the gar
dens are closed with barred gates, which
are guarded by sentries under the com
mand of non-commissioned officers in
full uniform. Every applicant for ad
mission is called upon to produce an
orange-colored card issued to the dele
gates and to give the secret pass
word.
CROTHERS HONORED BY
THE STANFORD ALUMNI
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 23.—
The alumni held a business meeting this
morning and elected the following offi
cers: President G. E. Crothers, '95;
vice president, J. E. Elmore: secretary,
Mibs Uliian Ray, '97; treasurer, C. E.
The alumni adjourned to the chapel,
and addresses were delivered by Miss
Blanche J. Anderson, A. M.. '98; Oliver
Dale Richardson. A. M.. '94 and G. E.
<'rother<! "fi who has had charge of the
alumni interests in the tax exemption
movement, and who spoke of its progress
and prospects.
The alumni gathered for their fourth
annual banuuet at 13:30 in Rohle Hall
Professor C. R. Whittler. '93. president of
the alumni, presided as toastmaster. and
gave the first toast to " '99." which was
responded to by Ralph Arnold, president
of the class of '99. Dr. O. L. Elliott spoke
of "The Value of Alumni Associations ;
Professor C. E. Cox of "The Alumni Reg
ister"- A. B. Rice, '99, of "Stanford's Vic
tories"- R. W. Hartwell of "Our Boys in
Manila' 1 ; C. K. Field '95. of ''Mrs Stan
ford." and President Jordan of "The New
Dr Jordan spoke of the changes which
were taking place about the university
and of the plans which were being con
sidered for the future. By the recent sale
of property Mrs. Stanford had been able
to put a large amount of money into the
university, as was shown by the new
buildings now being erected. The assem
bly hall had been accepted and the li
brary the gift of Thomas Welton Stan
ford' was well under way. A change
would be made in the buildings, however,
in regard to roofing.
The present roofing, which was a tin
imitation of tiling, would be replaced, he
said by the genuine article, which was
used' in'all other university buildings. The
memorial arch, which was being erected,
would join the assembly hall. To the east
of the new library building would be con
structed for the use of the history, eceon
omics and English departments. Mrs.
Stanford had made every effort to obtain
plans for the new chapel, which will make
ft the most imposing of any college
structure in the United States.
Long rows of Japanese lanterns were
suspended from the arcades of the quad
to-night. The shrubbery and flower beds
were brilliantly lighted and the moon
hung on the edge of dark clouds, which
swept slowly across the sky. The scene
was one of beauty. It. was the night of
the senior promenade. In the center of
the quad, on a stand built for the occa
sion. Bennet's band from the city dis
coursed sweet music. Even,' conceivable
nook was partitioned off and formed into
booths by the young ladies, who there re
ceived their friends and served them with
refreshments as they lounged about on
the divans.
Archbishop Ireland in Paris.
PARIS, May 23.— Archbishop Ireland
returned to this city from Brussels to
day.
Swiss Statesman Dead.
GENEVA. Switzerland. May 23.— Dr.
M. Moiso Vautier, President of the Stato
Council, is dead.
FRENCH PREJUDICE
TOWARD AMERICA
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, May 23.
An example of the manner In which
anti-American prejudice is formed in
some portions of Europe has been
brought to the attention of the State
Department in the issue of Le Petit
Marseillaise of Marseilles, France, of
the 7th inst. This paper contains a
full-page illustration, in garish colors,
representing a young girl undergoing
punishment by the whip in America.
The two prominent figures in the pic
ture are the girl, who is undergoing
public flogging, and the Sheriff. The
latter is a tall figure, wearing a red
shirt and black trousers, his right arm,
with which he is wielding a cruel lash,
bared to the elbow, while the girl stands
with her arms in the stocks and body
bare to the hips, receiving the blows
from the whip. The chastisement is
witnessed, apparently with enjoyment,
by a miscellaneous assemblage of old
men, young girls and little children, all
well dressed, while a number of soldiers
stand in the background to support the
proceeding with the official authority of
the United States Government. Ex
plaining the illustration the Marseillaise
says :
"In a country like America, where one
is accustomed to find only progress and
new discoveries, one is very much sur
prised to see a turn backward like pun
ishment by the whip. This retrograde
movement is performed in the State of
Virginia, in which the Legislative Assem
bly has voted a law permitting the ap
plioation of corporal chastisement in pub
lic.
"The first person upon whom this pun
ishment has been inflicted is a young girl
of 18 years of age, who was whipped on
the public square of Manasas.
"If one did not notice the modern dress
of the crowd which was present at the
scene, in the presence of the Sheriff and
representatives of the public force, he
would have thought himself in the mid
dle ages on seeing the^ unhappy girl, naked
to the waist, both hands held in a piece
of plank, while the executor of the law
acquitted himself conscientiously of his
mission."
It is only necessary to say that pun
ishment by flogging is not authorized
by the laws of Virginia, and that the
illustration is purely imaginary.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
CONVICT VASQUES
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, May 23.— The
prison officials are sorely perplexed over
the death at 4 o'clock this morning of
Mose Vrisques, who expired in his cell just
as the prison physician reached the bed
side. Yas<iues for the pact week has been
at work with the road gang employed in
the building of the Tiburon boulevard.
Yesterday afternoon, while unloading
gravel from a construction car, he lost
consciousness and fell to the ground. He
was picked up and carried to the shade
of a tree, where he immediately revived.
He resumed work and nothing was
thought of the incident.
Vasques returned to the prison in ap
parently good health. He was locked up
with the other prisoners as usual and is
not known to have complained of feeling
ill. This morning as the cooks and din
ing room men were released from their
cells groans were heard from Vasques'
cell. A rap at the door brought no re
sponse, and Dr. Lawlor, the prison phy
sician, was summoned. When Lawlor
reached the prisoner's bedside Vasques
was found to be dying and he expired a
few moments later. The Coroner held
an inquest this morning. The jury re
turned a verdict of death from natural
causes.
Vasques has spent much' of his time in
the hospital since his incarceration, being
treated for a pulmonary complaint. The
Vasques family is notorious in the crim
inal annals of this State. At one time
there were the father and three sons at
San Quentin. The father. Mates Vas
ques, died in the penitentiary. The fam
ily was implicated in a number of rob
beries in the southern part of the State
where its name was a terror to stage
drivers and travelers.
"SPIKE" SULLIVAN LOSES.
NEW YORK, May 23.-After twenty
five rounds of vicious fighting at the
Lenox Athletic Club, "Kid" McPartland
was given the decision over "Spike" Sul
livan. Going into the fight on the short
end of the betting, McPartland com
pletely upset the calculations of the
sports He bested his man at every
point of the game and administered to
him the most severe punishment that he
has ever received in his pugilistic career
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
I ■ if**^. §
Mi to
DOCTOR SWEANY,
|| E RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND VITAL.-
ity to weak men. Organs of the body
which have been weakened through disease,
overwork, excesses or indiscretions are restored
to perfect health and strength through his new
and original system of ■ treatment. KUPTURK
cured by his new method, without knife, truss
or detention from work: a painless, sure and
permanent cure. VABICOCELE, hydrocele.
swelling and tenderness of the glands treated
with unfailing success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD
POISON in any of its. stages thoroughly
eradicated from the system. LADIES will re-
ceive special attention for all their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will . also send you a
valuable book, "Guide to Health." free -.of
charge. Address F. L. SWEANY. M. D.. 737
Market street, San Francisco. CaL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" Want of Watchfulness
Makes the Thief."
Many cases of poor health \
come from want of watch-
fulness. But if you keep
your blood pure no thief can
j steal your health. The one
effective natural blood puri-
fier is Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Tired and Worn Out— "l cannot
say too much in favor of Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla in curing that tired, vjorn out feeling.
ft does more good than any other." Wm.
T. Hurdle, HoUyviUe, Del.
Bad Stomach — Headaches and
tired feeling, with bad condition of stomach
caused me to take Hood's SarsaparHU.
\lt stopped all faint trouble." Charles
'Bover, Glens Falls, N. Y.
Sick Headache— have taken
\ Hoods Sarsaparilla for sick headaches and
have not been troubled <oMh them since,
am much stronger than formerly. It keeps
my aged mother <well." Lucy Clark, 12
SMalvern Street, Manchester, SNi- H.
Remember that Hood's, yes
Hood's Pills cure liver Ills ; the non-Irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
SAUCER
f^%j*~\ M*^l Ho KNIFE or PAIN
V V xti&rc> No PaY until
,^J jjSKp^ , / Any lump In a
KB* -■ Hf^ woman's breast is
•*4iEfo^>'^' cancer. Faccandllp
hbbS also common places
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. P.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
i "X* JUS
The
Christy Adjustable
Saddle •
Is the latest model of the famous Christy. Can
be adjusted to any size, and Is the easiest rid-
ing saddle made.
Price $3.00.
The Christy Saddle has received th«
endorsement of 5000 physicians.
A. G. SPALDING & BROS.,
New York. Chicago. Denver.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Wholesale Only.
35 NEW MONTGOMERY ST.
I visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
• MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
,l ' Ci} 10;lUA22ETST.let.6±S7th,S.F.C;l. i %
" CJr The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
(SS^SSi World. Weaknesses or any contracted m
fIKTaSV disease p«»ltl»«-ly cared hy the oldest T
• ■ jSSI Speaaliit on the Coast. Est. 36 years- 9
6 U^jSh OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
X y^ESdH Consultation free and strictly private ,
A I xS'Sfl'n Treatment personally or by letter. A S
\fi / si 8 Positive Cure in every case undertaken. W
iß'l I' IB* Write for Book. I'IIII.USOFHV of A
¥' II \i™ nt»lllAGE. MAILED FKEE. (Af
A » tl' valuable book for men) \
f I>B. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., 3. F. ¥
IMtPIVI I M LO st vigor.
IMCnVI 1 #-\ LOST VIGOR.
a£s& — — AND MANHOOD
$!&*'\ Cures Im potency Night Emissions and wasting
BHm^Bfi diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
iSl* Jj\ indiscretion. A nenre'tonic and bleod'builder,
xt v&T Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re*
ih. R>^- J ttores the fire ot youth. By mail 50 per
[Rfl^^C boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a writtea
ifr^lr^^f^! guarantee to cure or refund the money.
IkrTita medical Co., £Hntcn & Jackson its., CWcagj.
E. L. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. S Market. 3. F.
f
A BIG KICK
A man makes when his laundry work
is sent home with porcupine edges and
spread eagle button holes. If he would
bring his linen to an up-to-date laun-
dry, where perfect methods obtain at
all times, such as the United States
Laundry, he will receive his shirts, col-
lars and cuffs equal to new every time
that we send them home.
The United States Laundry. Office
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20. :
" DR.PJERCES - 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL. : j ,'>
DISCOVERY
FOR THE .I-' > : .'
1 BLOOD, LIVER, LUNGS;
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
I Is a powerful aphrodleine and specific tonio
! for the sexua: and urinary organs ot . both, _!
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases' of th» >
I kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
In vigors tor and Nervine. ■ Sells on - ita own
Merits; no winded testimonials necessary.
. NABER, ALFS & BRUNB, Agents.
222 Market street. S. F.— (Send tor Circuluv)GREAT RUSH
TO THE NEW
PLACER MINES
San Diego Much Excited
Over the Lower Cali
fornia Diggings.
Special Dispatd) to The Call.
>AX DIEGO, May 23.— The continued
reports from thet 'erro Pinta plaoer
S, 400 miles south of this city, in
Lower California, have started a rush |
from this end of the State. The steam- i
er St. Denis sailed at 8 o'clock to-night
for Ensenada, where it will connect
to-morrow with the steamer Carlos Pa
0, which goes direct to Ascension I
arriving there on Friday. The j
of the placer digging Is twelve to j
n miles inland from Ascension.
The Pach cannot carry all the
■ assengers, freight, mules and burros
awaiting at Ensenada for trans
tion to the placers, as preference 1
- given by the owners of the two
iers to the passengers sailing
here on the St. Denis to-night
Many Mexicans and others at Ense
i coast points on tho peninsula I
of getting to the diggings by ;
way of the ocean route, and are pre
paring to go overland. The overland
trip is, however, very tedious and try
ing, the roads not being good and the
distance over the mountains being
about JOO miles. I'.y far the best way '
to reach the placers is by steamer or
other vessel to Ascension, or one of tho '
:■ two or three small bays in the
vicinity. This entails no hardships
and the cost is small.
Tlw fare paid by the men who sailed
to-ni?ht was $16 each to Ascension,
and this allows them to take about
200 pounds of luggage, which, of course,
invariably includes their dry washer,
provisions and blankets. Some of the
m»ui are taking tents and extensive
•its.
Emiliano Ibarra, whose reputation
for veracity has never been questioned,
■ : > is perhaps the best known
■f the most successful miners
• ninsula. is one of the most
enthusiastic admirers of the new camp.
He states that fifty-six ounces which
was received here Monday on the
51 Denis from the Cerro Pinta
were obtained by five Mexicans
• n two days working by crude methods.
The best information obtainable is to
■ that every man at the plac
g taking out several dollars a day.
who have come from there say
thru the amounts obtained daily by in
dividuals range from $3 to $2T.. One
y of Mexicans is said to have left
era with $25,000 in dust and
gets.
The extent of the diggings is report
ed to bo large, covering an area of
twei quare miles. Water is
six miles from the landing on
way to the camp and ten miles
the camp.- There are about 400 |
and Indians at Cerro Pinta,
•■-> f-u white men.
•• who sailed to night from this :
111 I n th.» ground ahead of any
■■. • --pt th"se who were al
y [n Low er * California.
Those who sailed for the placers to
night were: W A. Ptolemy, K. Mathe-
Carl 1 Ferris. F. V. Pinkham, \V.
J. Grigsby, A. L, Wiley, E. N. Sullivan,
j. N. McKay, Ti. M. Black, B. L. Don
on, M. J. Cushman, W. B. Clark,
J. M. I'rittenfien and J. Green.
The steam schooner Anita will leave
nsion Hay next Monday with
: s and freight.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO MORE SUFFERING !
FROM RHEUMATISM
•
Positive Relief Is Within the'
Reach of Every Man and
Woman.
HUDYAN COUNTERACTS THE ACIDS
AND EXPELS THEM.
Rheumatism is a constitutional disease,
d by foreign elements (acida) in the
It affects the muscles and the
.-. and may be a< ute or chronic. Be-
the pain and suffering that rheu-
j, complications often arise
that make it a dangerous disease. Heart
■ l Kidney Disease are often in-
aclds In the blood.
cry man or woman who suffers from
This baneful disease readily understands
tanc< of ridding the system of
nous acidi . Hl'l iVAN v.ili do
HUDYAN will counteract the
• rcomitig their destructive
HUDTAN will expel them by
ning and stimulating the kid-
circulation, in order that
the rheumatic virus may pass off through
channels.
HUDYAN will cure rheumatism perma-
■'l'VAN will prevent rheuma-
by keeping all the organs of the
■.% orking order.
subjected to much ex-
.■ ■ re pr< disposed to rheu-
iralgia, should use HUD-
YAN. it win war'i off the disease.
If you suffer the torture of rheumatism
-..t you have yourself to blame.
me telling of perma-
-9 of the great HUD-
DYAN will cure the heart disease
npanies rheumatism.
are often ■ omplicaiions as
and for such HUDYAN is a most
ible remedy. HUDYAN contains
Of those injurious mineral poisons
are usually given in the treatment of
t] is painful affection.
DYAN is for Bale by druggists— soc
kage or six pa< kages for $2.r<o.
If your druggist does not keep lini-
VAN, send direct to the HI'DYAN REM-
EDY CO. ckton, Ellis and Mar-
kei streets. San Francisco, Cal.
id MAY CONSULT TIIK HT'DTAN
I'm TORS AHOI'T FOUR rASK KREE
HARGE. CALL <iK WRITE.
jniiiiMJniHMMiiMMiiimnimiiiiiiiiimiiinimnniK
IBEEGHAM'SI
I PILLS |
Cttro
CONSTIPATION
STOMACH PAINS
BILIOUSNESS
HEADACHE, Etc. l
10 cents and 25 cents— Dnifffists. |
GAGE DEFENDS HIS
POCKET VETO OF
SUFFRAGE BILL
LOS ANGELES. May 23.— Governor
Gage has written a letter to Dr.
Stephen Bowers, editor of the
California Voice, explaining why he
vetoed Assembly bill No. 438, which
conferred the ballot upon women at
school elections.
First, the Governor declares the act
Is clearly in violation of article 2, sec
tion 1, of the constitution of California,
which reads as follows:
Every native male citizen of the United
States, every male person who shall have
acquired the rights of citizenship under
or by virtue of the treaty of Queretaro,
and every male naturalized citizen hereof,
who shall have become such ninety days
prior to any election, of the age of 21
years, who shall have been a resident of
the State one year next preceding the
election, and of the county in which he
claims his vote ninety days, and in the
••lection precinct thirty days, shall he en
titled to vote at ull elections which are
now or may hereafter be authorized by
[aw; provided, no native of China, no
Idiot, no Insane person, no person con
victed of any infamous crime, no person
hir>'after convicted of the embezzlement
or misappropriation of public money, and
no person who shall not be al>l^ to read
the constitution in the English language
and write his name, shall ever everclse
the privileges of an elector in this State;
provided, that the provisions of this
amendment relative to an educational
qualification shall not apply to any per
son prevented by a physical disability
from complying with its requisitions, nor
to any person who now has the right to
vote, nor to any person who shall be 60
years of age and upward at the time this
amendment shall take effect. (Amend
ment ratified at election of November tl,
1894. 1
Governor (Jape says:
The mere fact that the act itself at
tempts to limit the officers for whom
women may vote dues not render it less
■ stitutional, because the right of
suffrage is denied by the constitutional
provision just referred to generally; and
an act of the Legislature would be void
which would attempt to permit the exer
cise of that right in a special case. The
Supreme Court of this State, in the case
of Van Volkenberg vs. Brown, 43d Cali
fornia Reports, page 4:!. decided that
woman was not entitled to the right of
suffrage.
The provision of the old constitution,
in bo far as II used the words "male citi
zen of the United States" was similar to
article 11, Bection I, of the present con
stitution. The court, on page 51 of the re
port above referred t... says: "A State
may deny all her political rights to an
BOOMING WHITE
FOR THE SENATE
His Declination Wiil Be
Ignored.
Special Dispatch to Thp Call.
IX>S ANGELES. May 23.— Stephen M.
White Is to be the Democratic candidate
for United States Senator in the event of
no special session of the present Legisla
ture being held to till the vacancy In the
office. Senator White's friends in this city
are engaged in laying the wires in his mi
.-rest before the Democratic S!;tt<> con
vention to be held next year. The party
era in this end "f the State are a
unit for White, who is to be indorsed by
- the State convention, no matter how
miich h>- may protest.
The Senator insists that he is averse
to making another contest and declares
that he does not desire the honor, even
should the place come to him without
a contest. The party managers, however,
say he must accept the position, and they
will get Into hie light, no matter what
may he his own inclinations.
All factions of the Democratic party In
Ix)S Angeles claim to he for White, who
Is to he first Indorsed hy the county con
vention and the earlier primaries next
spring. A soliil delegation for the Bena
tor will go from here to the State con
vention.
In the State convention the issue is to
he a plank in the State platform pledging
the party to Senator White's election
without a contest in the event of the
election of a Democratic Legislature, next
year. The Senator had such a contest
ten years ago, when he won handily. He
i desired the United States Senatorship at
that time. The party, however, lost the
j legislature that year and the Senator's
1 ambition was temporarily delayed.
It was feared at one time that former
ernor James Budd had an eye out for
i the Senatorship and intended next year to
contest the leadership of the party with
j Senator White. Should Budd still be of
' that frame of mind when the State con
vention meets next year he is to be given
i the fight of his life.
Senator R. F. Del Valle is an ardent
; White enthusiast, and he is to head th<-
I os Angeles County delegation next year
In Senator White's Interest. Senator Del
Valle will make a tight for a White reso
lution in the State platform, and he
i claims to have no fear of the result, no
matter what combination may be made.
Senator White also will probably head
1 the delegation from this State nexi year
to 'h (> National Convention. His asso
ciates as del* gates ai large may be ex
• rnor Budd, Mayor James D. Phelan.
Michael F. Tarpey of Oakland and pos
sibly James O. Maguire. Instructions for
William Jennings Hrvan are more than
■ probable.
LIFE IMPRISONMENT
FOR JUSTIN BROWN
Slayer of Cain Found Guilty of Mur
der in the First Degree at
Bakersfield.
BAKERSFIELD, May 23.— "We, the
jury, find the defendant guilty of murder
in the first degree and recommend his
punishment at life imprisonment."
This was the verdict of the jury in
the Brown murder case. It was returned
at 6:15 this evening, after the jury had
been out an hour and a quarter. After re
turning to jail Brown remarked:
"That's a long time Lo spend in prison. I
guess the jury did what they thought was
right. I've got it and can't do anything."
Justin Brown is 27 years of age. He
had the friendship of Mrs. Cain, the
widow of his victim, throughout the trial.
She is 37 years old and is the mother of
five children, the eldest. 17 years of age.
Crops in Yolo County.
WOODLAND. May 2.?.— A cool south
breeze Is the prevailing wind, and its ef
fect on growing crops Is very beneficial
Every day it continues will materially
Improve the prospects of a good grain
harvest. The crop of early barley will he
as tine as ever was harvested [ n th a
county. The wheat crop will hardly come
up to the expectations raised by the
March rains, but under the influence of
favorable weather prospects are growing
better.
May Defer Bond Payments
WOODLAND, May 24.— The last Legis
lature enacted a law authorizing cities of
the fifth class to extend the time for the
payment of building bonds from twenty
to forty years. The City Trustees are
considering a proposition to so extend
the bonded indebtedness. Of course such
extension must be with the consent of the
bondholders.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAI^, WEDNESDAY, MAT 24, 1899.
individual and yet he may be a citizen.
The rjghts of office and suffrage are po
litical purely, rind are denied by some
nr all the States to part of their popu
lation, who are still citizens."
A tain on page 53 of the same report of
the case last referred to, the court says:
"The mere power of the State to deter
mine the class of inhabitants who may
vote within her limits was not curtailed
in the fourteenth amendment. The fif
teenth amendment took away her au
thority to discriminate against citizens of
the United States on account of either
rare, color or previous condition of servi
tude; b\it the power of exclusion upon all
other grounds, including that of sex, re
mains intact."
In the case of Spier vs. Baker, 120 Cali
fornia Reports, page 376. the Supreme
court, speaking of the right of the Legis
lature to regulate the political rights of
its citizens, says: "That is. the Legisla
ture has attempted to extend the right
of suffrage to certain classes of citizens
outside of those classes mentioned in the
constitution. If the Legislature "has Buch
power it could extend the right to aliens.
to minors, to women. It has no such
power. The Legislature can no more ex
tend the riL-ht of suffrage to persons not
included In the constitutional provision
than i: run deprive persons there included
ULTIMATIM
TO BE SENT
TO MERRIAM
Organized Labor in the Coeur
d'Alenes Crowded Too
Far.
si ial Dispatch to Thf> Call.
BUTTE, Mont., May 23.— The Silver
Bow Trades and Labor Association
adopted the following to-day:
Whereas. A reign of terror prevails in
the town and vicinity of Wardner, Idaho.
brought about by the un-American, tyran
nical and outrageous mandates promul
gated by General Merriam, that have re
sulted in the wholesale and Indiscriminate
arrest of hundreds of American citizens
who are at present confined under condi- j
tions so brutal and unsanitary that it has
resulted in the death of four of th» im
prisoned men; and had these men been of
the brute creation Instead of being hu
man beings we would, nevertheless, be I
Justified In remonstrance against the in
human outrages perpetrated in the name
Of the law; therefore br- it
Resolved, That the Silver Row Trades ]
and I^abor Association, in regular ses
sion convened, recognizing the above
statements to be a conservative presenta
tion of the conditions as they exist at
Wardner. and the result that must neces
sarily follow if such acts go unheeded, I
extends to its fellow workers and the |
citizens of Wardner its sincere sympathy
for the outrages, perpetrated upon them; i
and
Resolved. That we call upon organized j
labor and all lovers of patriotism and jus- j
tice everywhere to hold mass demonstra
tions to denounce General Merriam and j
the War Department behind him. the :
subservient Governor of Idaho and the
sympathetic Governor of Montana, for
the tyrannical treatment of the working- j
men of Idaho and Montana; that we fur- i
thermore call on all workingmen here to ;
use thHr ballots to secure a Government !
that will clip the wings of the military
autocrats and truculent officials.
Resolved. That if the martial law game
to defent the trades union succeeds in
this instance the workingmen will find
cause to formulate certain limits to pre
sent to the Government, beyond which
friends of organized labor will not allow I
any of their friends to go, and. standing
on their constitutional rights, they will
prepare to defend these rights at any
cost.
WRECK OF THE BARK
MARECHAL LANNES FOUND
LONDON, May 23.— Advices from Saint \
Brides Bay, Wales, tell of the discovery j
there of the wreck of the French bark !
Marechal Lannes. Captain Lee Petit, !
which sailed on March 2S from Swansea
tdr San Francisco on her maiden voyage.
A body Bupposed to be that of the stew
ard of the vessel has been recovered.
The Marechal Lannes was a new vessel
Of 1711 tons. A fe,w days after leaving
Swansea was reported lost, quantities I
of wreckage, Including boxes of guncot- |
ton and a board with the name"Marechal
Lannes" on it being washed ashore at
Broad Haven, Wales. Tt was thought at
that time from the appearance of the
wreckage that she had blown up.
Terrill's Case Argued.
SAN JOSE, May 23.~ Attorney S. B.
Tfrrill, who has been indicted for em
bezzlement and forgery In connection
with giving a bogus deed to Mrs. Clara
A. Fread, was before Judge Lorigan to
! day on a motion to have the indictments
set aside on the ground that they were ;
irregulnr. This was denied by the court, j
Another motion to strike the Indictments ,
from the records was partly argued and j
continued until to-morrow afternoon to I
enable District Attorney Campbell to look j
lip authorities.
Chicago Gets the B'nai B'rith.
CHICAGO, May 2?..— At the final session
of the Order B'nai B'rith to-day the mile
age provision in the by-laws was
changed so that all delegates, instead of
from each lodge, will hereafter have
their transportation expenses paid out of
the funds in the treasury of the order.
It was decided to hold the next conven
tion at Chicago.
Buys Hawaiian Stock.
HONOLII.r. May 16. — Albert Raas,
late of San Francisco, is one of three new
members of the Honolulu Stock Ex
change, coming in under the revised fee
of $2500 admission. Instead of 11000. Mr. I
Hecht has bought heavily In Pioneer
IMIII Conmany and Oahu Bujar Company.
of the right. The application of the max
im 'expressio unius est exclusio alter
ius' bears with full force upon this pro
vision of the constitution, declaring who
are competent to vote at elections au
thorized by the laws of this State."
In the case of Spencer vs. the Board of
Registration, Ist McArthur. page 169, aris
ing in the District of Columbia, it was
held- by the court that the right of suf
frage is not guaranteed by the United
States constitution to women, and the
court says: "Whfle the conditions of
right have varied in several States and
from time to time been modified in the
same State, the right has uniformly rest
ed upon the express authority of the polit
ical power and been made to revolve with
in the limitations of express law."
Again, in Mino vs. iiappersett, 21 Wal
lace, page IM, the Supreme Court of the
United States, passing upon the question
of woman's right to suffrage, under the
provisions of the constitution of Missouri,
denying that right, held that there was no
inherent right to vote by reason of
woman's mere citizenship and that the
constitution of the State of Missouri, con
fining the right of suffrage to men, was
not in vplation of the I'nited States con
stitution, and that the fourteenth amend
ment to the United States constitution
had no application to the subject of suf
frage The court, in ;■ review of the ques
tion In conclusion says:
"As has been seen, all thp citizens of the
States were not vested with the right of
suffrage. In all save perhaps New Jer
sey this right was only bestowed upon
men, and not upon all of them. Under
these circumstances it is certainly now
too late to contend that a Government is
not republican within the meaning of the
guaranty In the constitution because
women ' are not mad.' voters. • * *
Women were excluded from suffrage in
nearly all the States by thp express pro
vision of the constitution and laws."
In conclusion the Governor comments
as follows:
These are a few of the most objection
able reasons which presented themselves
to me at the time of the submission of
the bill for action. I therefore felt it my
duty under the law to refuse to sign a
bill' which was clearly invalid, and which,
moreover, would not have reached the
end desired. ,
In view of what has been hereinbefore
stated, you will readily sec that permit
ting the' exercise of suffrage by females
in respect to school matters could result
in great financial harm to the various
School districts, touching the validity of
their bonds by reason of the doubt as to
their constitutional right to act. As be
fore indicated, I have not here at
tempted to go Into all the details which
Influenced my judgment in the premises,
but from tlie foregoing I am satisfied
that you will coincide thormighlv with
the accuracy of my position. Yours very
respectfully, HENRY T. GAGE.
STILL TALKING
EXTRA SESSION
Assemblyman Miller De-
Clares for It.
LOB ANGELES, May 23.— Governor
Henry T. <;:ik«- was at his law office early
to-day. He Bpent the whole morninK with
a stenographer over his mall. Martin J.
Aguirre called upon the Governor early
in the day and was one <*f the few visit
ors admitted. The two pqfosed sdme time
discussing ways and means for the gov
ernment of the penitentiary at San yuen
tin. Between 11 a. m. and noon the Gov
ernor and George .1. Denis consulted upon
law ami mining business in which they
are interest. >!.
The Governor and Mrs. Gage expect to i
leave here about June 1. They will pass
a few days in Sacramento, and will be In <■
San Francisco by June 4. where they will
be Joined by Mr. and Mrs. Denis and Dr.
E. A. Bryant for the Yosemite trip.
| Senator Stephen M. White has about
given up all idea of the jaunt, as he cx
pecta the Alford murder trial, which be
i gins on May 31, to keep him in Los An
gelea through the ftrsi week in June.
The Governor yesterday visited the
State school at Whittier. Ho says that
I the adjutant general has been selected.
although his Identity will not be made
public until after the Governor shall have ,
left hos Angeles. Colonel J. C. Currier
j of San Francisco is supposed to be the
i lucky man.
The talk of an extra session of the Leg
islature for the purpose of electing a
1 United States Senator is being revived. :
■Assemblyman Miller of Clearwater said
to-day such a session should be held, and,
ISO far as he is concerned, he would favor
the dropping of all of the candidates of
last winter, or would go into a Republi
! can caucus and settle the ( Issues "In the
'. good old Republican way."
MADE MAN AND WIFE
A HALF CENTURY AGO
Judge and Mrs. Joseph H. Budd of
Stockton to Celebrate Their
Golden Wedding.
STOCKTON. May 23.— A social event
which will ".waken widespread interest
will occur "ii tl"' evening of June 5 at the
Budd mansion on North Butter street. It
will be th ldiration of the golden wed
ding of Judj;.- and Mrs. Joseph 11. Budd. j
The Invitations are already out and are I
models of the printer's art. The mono
gram "B" in old English in at the center
and top, while on either side are the dates j
IM:i-1S:io, a'l th e work Oelng in a bright
golden hue.
Surrounded by their children, one of
them o Cornier Governor of the State, the
couple will repeat the vows made fifty
years ago in Wisconsin, when as youth
and maiden they joined their fortunes.
In the throng which will assemble will
be persons from all parts of the State.
Mrs. Budd has for years been famed for
her wifely virtues, but with their exer
cise she has found time to be so active
in all social and charitable movements
as to gain a name that is not limited to
this city, where she has lived so many
years. Judge Budd is one of the best
lawyers on the coast, and has frequently
been honored by his fellow citizens with
high judicial offices. At present he is
Berving his tenth year on the Superior
belich. The years have been full of hon
ors and rewards to the couple, and in
their passing have left so little impression
upon them that the Judge and his wife
will be among the gayest and most youth
ful in spirit of those who gather on the
auspicious occasion.
Reception to Runyon.
RED BLUFF, May 23.— The people of
Red Bluff are elated over the appointment
of E. W. Runyon as one of California's
Commissioners to the Paris Exposition,
and to show their appreciation they to
night tendered Mr. Kunyon a reception In
the pavilion. Leading citizens of the
town made short addresses and Mr. Run
yon replied, thanking the people for the
reception and promising to use his utmost
endeavor to further the interests of Cali
fornia at Paris. •
♦
To Dedicate Their Hall.
STOCKxoN, May 2:!.— The Woman's
Christian Temperance T'nion will dedicate
its new building on California street, near
Weber avenue, next Friday. The build
ing, while, not pretentious. Is the union's
"own." The hall was erected through the
bequests of the late William P. Miller
and wife. The deceased couple left to
the union about $10,000 and the site for
the structure.
Bubonic Plague Spreading.
HONGKONG. May 23.-The bubonic
plague Is Increasing. The official reports
thus far for the month of May show 413
cases and 254 deaths.
COAST LINE TO
BE COMPLETED
All Obstacles Are Now
Removed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. May 23.— 1t now
seems that all obstructions to the com
pletion of the Coast road have been dis
posed of. Some time ago L. G. Dreyfus
announced that a satisfactory agreement
had been made with him by the Southern
Pacific Company. To-day the last of the
obstructionists, the Hollister estate, was
placated. The arch that the Hoilisters
demanded from the railroad company in
front of their ranchhouse (there is a long
fill of forty-two feet directly in front of
the ranch buildings, obstructing the view
and necessitating a grade in order to' get
out of the ranch), and which Superinten
dent Hood estimated would cost $4400, is
to be put in. Hood In his figures evidently
made a mistake and upon investigation
it is ascertained that the cost will not
exceed $2i.iou. The company will agree to
build this and the Hoilisters will grant
the right of way for a distance of .twenty
seven miles through their ranch.
These farts were made known at to
day'a railroad mass-meeting, called by
Hon. Ellwood Cooper. The opera-house
was crowded by property-owners along
the coast line and delegates from the sev
eral counties. Hon. Marion Cannon, ex
rongressniiin from this district, led the
delegates from the outside counties.
Chairman Ellwood Cooper made a short
address, in which he outlined the purpose
of the meeting. He said:
This call has not for its object the increase
of the income of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, but it is to help ourselves. If we want
the "railroad, we want it quickly; and as intel
liKent business men we should do everything in
our power to insure rapid work. If we stop
I*, consider the circumstances or motives that
have induced the railroad company to build
this line, or reflect upon past grievances,
whether they be real or imaginary, we make a
serious mistake. These questions are beyond
our power to know. VW do know, however,
what our duty is, and that is to do everything
in our power to Insure the completion at the
earliest possible moment. Our interests do not
slop even at the completion of the gap. We
will want accommodation facilities to trans
port our products, passenger accommodations,
the good will of the company, harmony In all
our dealings with them. The company is, mi
the ground with all the paraphernalia for rapid
work: it Ib ready to place camps on every
ranch where there Is much work to be done,
and to push It to every extent with a reason
able degree of economy. We must bestir our
selves to insure these facilities.
Ex-Congressman Cannon, hearing that
the people of Santa ISarbara County Itad
agreed to give the Southern Pacific Com
pany a free right of way through the
entire county and including free depot
sites and other such privileges was much
surprised and perplexed. He thought the
company was now receiving too much
from the citizens. He spoke at some
length. A committee of five property
owners was appointed and given power
to investigate and if possible settle all
grievances on the part of property hold
ers along the line. After a greal deal
of discussion the following resolution was
adopted:
Resolved That we. the citizens of the city
and • ounty "t Santa Barbara, in convention
assembled this 23.! day of May. 1899, hail with
pleasure and unfeigned satisfaction the deter
mlnation "f the Bouthern Pacific Company to
Immediately (lose the gap in the coaat road
between Surf and Elwood.
Resolved, also. That we earnestly request
that tlii- parties from whom the right of way
committee have secured either contracts or
,| is give to the railroad company, without
hindrance, their cordial support in furtherance
of the company's efforts to hasten the work of
finishing the road, which means so much to
tli>> future of onr city and county.
Resolved, further. That in view of the fact
that thi j railroad company has commenced in
earnest t" finish the fail to Elwood, we ask
OUT people t" cease criticisms of the company's
actions, and, laying aside all bickerings, to
Join bands in a supreme effort to finish the
work so auspiciously begun.
There is a decided feeling of content
ment here to-day ami every one believes
that the road will DOW be rushed to com
pletion. Contractors Ramish and Marsh
are expected daily from Los Angeles witu
200 men and as many teams. Contractor
McCormick returned from Los Angeles
to-night, where he engaged many more
te&ms to add to his camp at Elwood.
COOLIES TO BE ADMITTED.
Hawaiian Cabinet Reconsiders Appli
cations of Planters.
HONOLn.r. May 16.— The Cabinet held
a meeting this morning with the Bureau j
of Immigration. It was decided first of
all to reconsider the application of Bee
croft, Waialua, Onomea and Pioneer
mills for laborers. It was against these
estates that the Inspector of Immigrants
had filed objections either for sanitary j
reasons or for ill treatment of laborers by j
lunas. The decision was that upon a
shewing by those plantations that the
evils complained of had been remedied
the number of laborers required would be
permitted.
A regulation was made that in future
where reports of the Immigrant Inspector
were unfavorable for sanitary or other
reasons copies of such reports should be
furnished to the agents of the plantation,
with the Information that no other labor
ers would be permitted until the evils
were corrected. The lists of laborers were
looked over ;'tid 5311 were permitted for
the next period.
Arms for Marysville Guards.
MARYSVILLE. May 23.— Marysville's
new military company to-day received
from the adjutant general sixty Spring
field rifles, three arm chests and all other
aceoutorments included under the head
of ordnance stores. No date for the mus
tering in of the command has been fixed.
If the citizens decide on a Fourth of July
celebration the induction of the company
into the National Guard will be a feature
of the day's programme.
Williams Recaptured.
SAN T.riS OTUSPO. May 2:!.— Joe Wil
j Mams, who on Sunday tunneled out of the
I County Jail, was recaptured at an enrly
hour last night near Pozo by Ed Bean
and John W. Yeary. two young men of
Santa Margarita. Williams was lodged in
! the jail again at 5 o'clock this morning.
BLACK, TAN, BROWN, RED,
SLATE, GREEN, MODE,
BEAVER and OPERA are
the shades we are offering
this week in our very suc-
cessful sale of $1.25 and
$1.50 Gloves for
85c.
We are also selling a Men's
$1.50 Glove for 50c. Just the
thing for driving or biking.
Our show window will tell
you why,
The Glove House
800 MARKET ST.,
Corner Grant Aye.
TAKES LIFE IN
JEALOUS RAGE
Crime of a Mexican at
Bakersfield.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, May 23.— Maria
Barrera, a Mexican woman, was mur
dered in this city early this morning by
her rejected lover, Francisco Ochoa.
Ochoa shot and seriously wounded an
unoffending man named Smith, who
chanced to cross his path just before
he broke in the door of the woman's
home to murder her. Ochoa escaped.
The affair occurred in the tenderloin,
near the corner of L and Twenty-first
streets, at 1 o'clock this morning. Ochoa
and the woman had lived together for
some time. A month ago she cast him
off and his anger prompted the crime.
Ochoa entered the woman's house by
the back door and found Maria Barrera
and another woman in bed. They had
heard the shot tired at Smith and ex
tinguished the light in their room.
Ochoa crashed In the door with his
pistol and attacked Miss Barrera. She
begged plteously, but he fired a bullet
into her breast, death resulting almost
Immediately. Ochoa wore a mask, but
was recognized by the other woman.
Ochoa lied and has since eluded pur
suit. He is about five feet six inches
tall and weighs 130 pounds.
Shortly In-fore the killing Ochoa and
a tamale peddler known as Tomas were
j seen lurking in the back yard of the
I murdered woman's house. Tomas has
i disappeared. It is said Tomas urged
Ochoa to slay the girl.
Smith was shot in the neck. The bul
let lodged near the spinal column and
he may die. He was passing the Bar
rera place when a man thrust a pistol
into his face and fired.' It was Smith's
hallooing that attracted the attention
of the officers. The woman's death was
not discovered until several minutes
after Smith was found.
ROBERT L CUTTING
SUES FOR DIVORCE
His Wife Brings a Counter Action,
and Will Name Numerous
Co-Respondents.
NEW YORK, May 23.— Robert L.. Cm
ting has begun suit for absolute divorce
against Mrs. Minnie Seligman Cutting.
His wife positively denies his allegations
of infidelity, and she intends to make
counter charges, insisting that the conrta
must grant a decree in her favor. Mr.
Cutting's attorney is former Surr.j^.ii o
Rastua S. Ransom, who has served th<
summons in the divorce suit without the
complaint, so that Mrs. Cutting does not
yet know exactly what charges ncr hus
band makes. He is not bound to serve
the complaint on her lawyers, Howe it
Hummell, within twenty days, and con
sequently Mrs. Cutting may havp no ir
formatlon within that time as to tne al
legations ag.iinst her.
Not only does Mrs. Cutting deny that
her husband has grounds for suing her,
but she declares that during her absence
frrni the city he^has been amusing him
self to the extent of creating public
scandal. She intends to enter a general
denial to his allegations against her and
to enter a countersuit for divorce. One
of the co-respondents she wishes to name
is a woman prominent in New York so
ciety, whose own divorce suit formed a
ten days' "sensation." Among those
whom Mr. Cutting has been attentive to.
it is alleged, are two of the prettiest girls
of the Casino chorus. Their names will
appear in Mrs. Cutting's answer and
cross-suit.
i ' KSft'i^M _^g^u s^
When it comes to
a discussion
of clothing we've a number
of points to talk about.
We want to state first that we make all oupcloth-
ing ourselves — and that stamps it safe, as we know
what the suits are and you can rest assured that we
are going to make only satisfactory clothing.
We give .you value for your money. We?stand!by*<
everything we sell, with this guarantee :
Money returned if yon want it ; or
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
We are now selling men's all-wool ready-made*
suits for
They are a collection of pleasing patterns in all
the sizes. There are a lot of light patterns among
them for summer wear. Buy one of the suits get
acquainted with vs — you appreciate values.
Remember we guarantee these $8 suits.
. -,
BOYS' MIDDY SUITS,
all wool material, neat soutache trimmings,
$2.45 Each,
S. N. WOOD CO.
1718 Market Street.
Out-of-town orders filled — us.
SEEK EQUITABLE
FREIGHT TARIFFS
Fight Waged by Coast
Jobbers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL, Minn., May 23.—Repre
sentatives of the jobbing interests of
the Pacific Coast and the important
commercial centers of the Middle West
met in a conference in the Ryan Hotel
to-day, the result of which will greatly
affect transcontinental shipping busi
ness. The subject of discussion %vas
the transcontinental freight tariff put
into effect by the two northern roads
on May 1, which the Western men
claim will ultimately cause them se
vere loss. Jobbers of the Middle West,
<m the contrary, hold that they cannot
afford to see the tariff changed, and
the opposing factions are arguing the
matter before representative officials o-f
the Western roads. Two sessions were
held to-day, an adjournment without a
decision having been taken at 5 o'clock.
A third session will convene to-morrow
morning.
The coast jobbers represent that if
i the present tariffs are continued it will
ultimately result in curtailing their
trade. They desire a greater difference
| between carload and less than carload
rates and the prohibition of "mixed
carload" shipments. They maintain
'■ that unless a greater difference is made
j in carload and less than carload rates
they fuv certain to lose trade in their
immediate territory, to which they hold
I they are justly entitled.
The contest, though entirely friendly
between the representatives of the two
j interests, is nevertheless close and is
I being waged in earnest. Strong dele
gations were here from San Francisco,
Tacoma, Seattle arid other coast
I points to urge a change of tariff, while
| St. Louis, Chicago, St. Paul and Duluth
I were equally well represented by dele
gations intent upon securing the main
tenance <# the present freight rates.
About eighty jobbers in all were rep
resented. They were met in St. Paul
by J. M. Hannaford. vice president of
the Northern Pacific: Francis B.
Clarke, traffic manager of the Great
Northern; Freight Agent Somers of the
| Great Northern and other prominent
officials.
KRUGER'S FRANCHISE
PROPOSAL DISCUSSED
Transvaal Volksraad Decides to Post
pone Action Until Next
Year.
JOHANNESBURG. Transvaal, May 23.
—The Volksraad to-day departed from tho
order of the day to discuss President
Kruger's franchise and Bewaarplaatzen
proposals. A resolution was adopted in
structing the Government to publish the
franchise proposal and submit it to the
Volksraad next year. President Kruger
denied that he was yielding to the seats
;m<' said he would never agree to the
general extension of franchises demanded
by the Dltlanders.
The other proposal was postponed pend
ing the reception of memorials.
__ -«. _
Burglaries at Bakersfleld.
BAKERSFIELD, May 23.— Three bur
glaries were committed in different parts
of this city last night. The residences of
J. J. Mi. k. W. H. Sanborn and E. W.
Wright wpre looted. The burglars were
looking for coin, and did not touch any
other valuables. At Mack's house a bur
glar was detected, and Mack fired shots
| out of a window and called for help. The
I burglar fled.
34
ALFRED AUSTIN'S
BIRTHDAY ODE
TO THE QUEEN
Verses by the Poet Laureate in
Honor of Victoria's Eightieth
Anniversary.
May 23.— T0-morrow, being the
I eightieth anniversary of the birth of Queen
I Victoria, the poet laureate of England, Alfred
I Austin, has written a birthday ode, entitled
I "An Indian Summer." A magnificently bound
I copy of the ode will be presented to Her Maj-
I esty to-morrow at Windsor.
Mr. Austin has given the privilege of exclu-
I sive publication of the ode in the United
I States to the New York Herald and the San
I Francisco Call. The work follows:
Springtime was flowering in your fair young face,
When first the scepter laid on you its load. . •
Springtime and seedtime— and how well you sowed:
'n the rough furrows life's long duties trace,
Scattering with lavish heart the smiles of youth and grace.
' Niu^h April sandaled with its flowers your f -
And sang its amorous descant In your ears,
You, with a for -slcrht wiser than your years,
'■ thought you of thf time, more Berlous, Bweet,
When mellow fruit is stored, and stacked is ripened wheat.
'■\';th heart as tender aa the bud h;ilf blown,
Yet in the very season ->f young love,
Kneeling, you sought i's imi ulse from above,
'noosing for consort of your earthly throne
. 3OU] akin t'> yours, a mind t<> match your own.
ilowed your summer o'er thf land,
You, with your people round, you could forecast
Rich fruitinc future planted in the past,
Bnga ■ i^c of rule, rightly planned,
<>f freedom round your shores, and in the sea command.
Then Plowly comes the time when summers wane.
Ami from the sunshine something seems withdrawn
Aa pensive Bhadows lengthen on the lawn,
'i 'inly bindweed lingers in th< lane,
The one sweet thing that then unwithered doth remain.
But !here j? beauty In autumnal I'ough,
No less than In dear April's dewy leaves.
When, with its store "t' golden girdled sheaves
stands the -rain where one ti.ie passed the plni:^!.
fulfillment of its vow.
• though the oblivious cuckoo calls
im land t.i land, ivr longer on the spray
yellowing <-\m the throstle vaunts his lay.
The ring-dove's mate, as fades the leaf and falls,
Reiterates note of love that never palls.
From hamlet roofs, blue spires of smoke once more —
\< dies the lay in mist alontf the dale,
And widowed evening wepps behind her veil —
From log-replenished ingle heavenward soar.
And lamps are early lit and early latched the door.
n it is less earthly than divine.
When love's rich guerdons -with the days increase
- are softened 'neath the crown of peace,
ail we have won 'twere easy to resign —
v season like to this, loved lady, now is thine.
Through life's successive labors, one by one,
Still moving on to-day, no more you roam.
Peeking fresh tasks, but fruit of harvest Iv.me,
Fruit blent with flowers, warmed by October's pun
Are round your throne entwined and harvest hymns begun.
what a harvest, lady, now is yours,
Empire and fame and glory, and above
Glory and fame a universe's love —
• oted deep in reverence that insures
■iibrance of your name as long as time endures.
- may the Indian summer nf your days
linger in the land you love so well,
And long may we. who no less love you, dwell
In the reposeful radiance of your gaze,
A golden sunset seen through autumn's silvery haze.
ALFRED AUSTIN.
PEACE JUBILEE
AT THE CAPITAL
Season of Rejoicing Is
Begun.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 23. — Beginning
with an imposing parade of military and
i organizations and clos
ing with a display oi fireworks at night,
th^ national capital to-day Inaugurated
a three "lays' peace jubilee. The main
thor of the city and all the pub
lic buildings an decorated with bunting
and the attractive programme of parades
and festivity b has drawn a large num
b"r of visitors. With the exception of a
Shower, which was not of : ufficient dura
tion to mar the occasion, the weather was
Ideal an«l Washington has to-day worn
its inauguration aspect.
The parade, which was the feature or
the day, comprised all the regular army
and naval organizations stationed in and
around Washington, together with the
District of Columbia Volunteers, the Del
aware National Guard. -the Chinese Naval
Reservef.of Philadelphia,; the veterans of
tTie 'Grand Afmj and the Fourth and
Ninth United State's Volunteer Regiments.
C The procession moved down Pennsylva
nia avenue .b.efw.ei-n cheering throngs,
through the handsome court of honor In
from of;.th"< White House and passed in
view ..before -;.thc president .and a dis
tinguished party, of public officials.
. The day opened with, the boom of big
guns; from tiie' "Dolphin. "Which anchored
off. the navy yard, fired the national Ba
fute'-ai sunrise., •and- church chime's and
hundreds- "of 'steam whistles Joined in the
ri'.'is.v •• chorus..- At noon the departments
closed and poured their thousands out to
Join-..t he. crowds on the streets and at the
same hour' a salute -of forty-live guns was
fixed. •-. .•■ ' . ":•■ : .
Calaveras Pioneer Gone
ANGELS GAMP, May ».— W. K. Wa
terman died here last night at t lie age of
S5. !(• .vis one "S .he earliest settlers
in Calav< ras « )ountv.
What a luxury
Pears' soap is!
The cheapest soap
in all the world be-
sides.
DISBARMENT OF
COOPER SOUGHT
Hawaii's Attorney Gen
eral Will Fight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLULU, May 16.— The citation
of Attorney General H. E. Cooper for
malpractice is returnable before the
Supreme Court on Monday, June 19.
Former Attorney General W. O. Smith
will represent Mr. Cooper and a peti
tion is to be filed forthwith to have the
hearing immediately.
The case in which the Attorney Gen
eral is charged with having directed
both sides was that of a Portuguese
taxgatherer who assaulted a Chinese
youth and dragged him to jail for non
payment of taxes. The Chinaman ap
peared and proved in court he was not
of the age to pay taxes.
The promoters of the Hilo Railroad
Company, since receiving thoir charter
and going actively to work, have been
struck by a bolt out of :i clear sky.
Several gentlemen from the mainland
wih millions at their bark are about to
! apply for a charter and a contract from
| the- Government for a railway to par
i allel the line around the island of Ha
waii. The local corporation is almost
: pank'stricken over this development. It
I will make a desperate effort to prevent
I the opposition syndicate getting a fran
> -his... Unsuspecting of any opposition
51 had not asked for an exclusive fran
chise and received none. It has not
"lily bought the old Wilder surveys, but
has its own surveyors out along the
I first section.
Flannery-Welch Nuptials
SAN* JOSE, May 23.— Daniel J. Flannery
and Miss May Welch, both popular young
people of this city, were married at St
< Tim's church, Santa ('lara, this morn
ing. Only the Immediate relatives of the
parties were present. The ceremony was
performed by Rev. Father r. c. jOnn-i
assisted by Father A. Raggio. The hride
is the daughter of Mrs. Catherine Welch
Bhe is a graduate of Notre Dame Con
vent of this city, and a charming young
lady with a large circle of friends' Mr
Flannery has been Deputy United States
Revenue Collector of this district for the
past seven years. Mr. and Mrs. Flannery
left on B short wedding trip to San Fran
cisco, after which they will make their
home here.
Chilean Army to Be Reduced.
Special Cable to Tho Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS»9, by James Gor
don Rennett.
VALPARAISO, Chile, May 23.— The
War Ministry has decided to reduce the
army to 5000 men. The copper output has
been small for lack of miners. The Min
is?. ■ of Paraguay in Chile and Peru re
turned to-day from the latter country.
THE SAN FBAKCTBCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 24, 1899.
THE OLYMPIC CLUB WHEELMEN'S RELAY TEAM.
Thomas H. White.
George E. Kroetz.
Winners of the Great Inter-Club 100-Mile Relay Race Around the Bay, Sunday,
May 14, 1899. Time, 4 Hours, 46 Minutes, 24 3-5 Seconds.
HELPLESS BABE
EXPOSED TO THE
WIND AND BAIN
Brutal Act of a Mys
terious Stranger.
"Tmi ought to be lynched for keeping
that poor babe on the streets a night like
this," shouted Charlie Stuart at a well
dressed stranger who stood at the junc
tion of Market, Powell and Eddy streets
last night with a three months old baby
in his arms. He had been standing there
since S o'clock, and it was midnight when
Stuart, who Is a prominent traveling man,
accosted him. "I am waiting for my
wife," meekly replied the stranger, but
the nervous twitching at the corners of
his mouth and the cold look he gave the
baby when he uttered the few words gave
the'lie to his statement. The little suf
ferer was blue with cold and wet to the
skin, for the pitiless rain drops had been
beating down on its uncovered face since
9 o'clock. The child's soulful sobs at
tracted the attention of everybody who
passed, but the heartless wretch who held
it in his arms paid little heed to its wails.
The people coming from the theaters saw
the mysterious man with the crying babe
in his arms, and not a few of them, think
ing he was a beggar, slipped him change,
which he eagerly crammed into his
pockets.
Stuart, who had noticed the stranger
walking up and down Eddy street for an
hour or more, became enraged and or
dered him off the street under tho pen
alty of being arrested.
A crowd quickly gathered, and were it
not for the fact that the brute had the
I baby in his arms lie would have been
soundly thrashed. lie made his escape on
the Powell-street car. Stuart also beard
ed the car and rode as far as Ellis street,
: where he called a policeman. Stuart mi
i forme.l the policeman that the man had
kept the babe exposed in the rain for six
hours and then left the car. The police
man accompanied the stranger several
! blocks but did not get his name or place
I him under arrest.
Stuart will visit police headquarters to
day and swear out a "John Doe" warrant
I for the man's arrest.
HINSBERG'S MIND WAS
WRECKED BY ILL LUCK
FAILED IN BUSINESS AND WAS
DESPONDENT.
Wrote a Letter to the Coroner Threat
ening to Kill Himself and His
Little Crippled Boy.
Coroner Hill held an inquest yesterday
on the body of Charles Hlnsberg, who
committed suicide last Sunday evening
by Bhootlng himself through tho brain
with a revolver. The jury returned a
Vtirdict that the deceased committed sui
side while temporarily Insane.
Hermann Olcovich ol the firm of Her
mann Oleovlch & Co., 330 Pine street, tes
tified that Hinsberg was not a partner of
the firm, as stated. He was simply an
employe, attending to the firm's corre
spondence, and received a commission on
all sales.  .
The widow of the deceased testified that
Olcovich sent in a bill to her husband for
$25 per month, the total covering a period
of several years, for his services as a
member of the firm and also for Interest
on the money invested by Olcovich. These
matters worried her husband so much
that he became demented and his demen
tia caused him to kill himself.
The widow detected her husband about
two weeks ago writing a letter to the
Coroner. She seized '.he letter and It was
read at the inquest. The letter follows:
To the Coroner. City: I have been . robbed
of all my business by the man with whom I
had been associated during nix years and in
whose honor I thought I could trust.
Not having. succeeded In building up any en
tirely new lines of business, and /ailing In al
most all my other enterprises and undertakings
durtnK the last eight months, I concluded to
end my existence by my own hand, first killing
my unfortunate crippled little boy, whose
misery I thought "it best to end for his own
ac well as his darling mother's sake.
I die with the firm belief that there will be
PHOTO BY BOYS, <£ HABENICHT.
George P. Fuller. H. E. Anthony.
L. H. Smith. Captain T. G. Spillane.
H. S. Bailey.
happier days 1:1 store for my dear, bravo little I
wife and my darling two Ktrls, and not being I
able to bh:ir<- with t)i*m is the only re*ret I \
have in leaving this world. C. HINBBERQ.
J. J. O'Brien Officials.
Through an error in copying a document '
placed for record in the office of the j
County Clerk. The Call of Saturday last j
contained an incorrect list of the stock
rs of J. J. O'Brien & Co., incor- I
porated. The present stockholders of the !
corporation are: Mrs. J. J. O'Brien, widow
of the late J. J. O'Brien; Gerald I. O'Brien
and Joseph J. O'Brien, eons of the lato j
.1 J. O'Brien; Thomas It. Banncrman, '
Thomas P. Crowley, James A. Haran and
William Swanton. The stock of the cor- i
poration Is held exclusively by the per
sona named, and the officers are: Thomas I
H. Bannennan, president: Mrs. j. j. I
O'Brien, vice president, and Gerald L
O'Brien, secretary.
Modern Engineering.
Theophilus Tucker of Oakland will
speak this evening at the Temple 117
Turk street. lUs subject will be "Tri
umphs of Modern Engineering."
gwwwwmiinffflfflnffiinininffwwwww^
I r
I Announcement! I
i _____
( NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, (I
' IS
I . JOHN A. McCALL, President. I
E • '
p 3
£ At the close of business to-day the total amount of insurance in force on our books is . . , Z2
I $1,000,168,803. 1
I . . - .. . . : :.::-■..,:: . -.■;_■ , :•. : ■ 3
;5~ This includes only policies on which premiums have been collected and does not include ' . 2
any business in process of completion. . -3
£ . THE NEW YORK LIFE is the first company in the world to reach . . -3
1 I ■ .' ■ • ■- .'■,.:; . ;'. ■ . '"■.-: •■'-•••• ''" .' I ■
fc Insurance in force, and is, therefore, to-day the largest life insurance company in the world. .. •■;•;. \ .^
S= This announcement is made for the information of policy-holders and the insuring • ■/ - . --. :>•..
. : "-'■ '■" ■
ZZ public as evidence of the company's prosperity and success. - • '."'•' •.•=3|
£ GEO. W. PERKINS, Second Vice- President. _. > .••' ■ 3
£ NEW YORK, May 23d, 1899. 3
I i
E. A. Bozio.
E. F. Russ. Edward McNess.
The Relay Cup. Edw. 0. Kragness.
MISSION Y. M. C. A. CONCERT.
! Proceeds of a Successful Event Will
Liquidate r. Heavy Debt.
A grand concert tinder the auspices of
the I-adies" Auxiliary of the Mission
: Young Men's Christian Association was
j triven at Metropolitan Temple last even
! ing. There was a large attendance, and
the programme was highly enjoyable. The
' proceeds of the affair Will lie used for the
purpose of liquidating a debt of the Mi.s
ui V. M. C. A. The members of vari
i cms societies and churches attending- the
concert were known by badges of different
j colors as follows:
Bethany Congregational, yellow and
; white; Calvary Presbyterian, blue and
white; Central M. E.. red; Emmanuel
Baptist, brown and white; First M. E ,
pink: First Presbyterian, red and white;
Grace M. 8., purple; Howard M. E..
green; Mission Y. M. C. A., blue and red;
Ladies' Auxiliary, white: Westminster
i Presbyterian, green and white: Simpson
M. E., light bine; Third Congregational,
pink "and white; Trinity Presbyterian,
purple and white; United Presbyterian,
cerise and white; Y. M. C. A., Mason and
Ellis, green and gold.
The following programme was rendered:
Part I— Overture. "Sans Pouci." orchestra,
Charles M. Wigerin. director; recitation. Miss
Jean Baldwin: violin solo. Armand Solomon;
sonp, "O'Pon Fatale," Mr«. Don Pardee Riggs.
Part 2— Organ s.Mo. grand offortoire in G. \V.
H. Holt; Philomel Quartet, Miss Milly Flynn.
Mrs. Etta Bianchard, Mrs. Hurt Mark. Mrs.
Kmilie Parent: "Annie I>aurie." Dudley Buck:
pong, "The Monk and the Maid," from "The
Serenade," Homer Henley; "Norma Fantasle,"
orchestra.
Part 3— Song "Pine, Sweet Bird,"' Mrs. Mark;
recitation. Miss Jean Baldwin; song, "A Song
of Thanksgiving," Dr. Gilbert P. Graham;
"War March of the Priests," from "Athalle,"
orchestra.
Boy Smugglers Caught.
Edward Miller and Albert Martin, each
about 16 years old, were arrested l>y cus
toms inspectors yesterday on a charge of
smuggling while coming ashore from the
Gaelic. They had concealed 110 smuggled
cigars between them in their stockings.
Martin was caught two weeks ago at
tempting to smuggle articles ashore
from steamers and was let go with a rep
rimand. He will be prosecuted this time.
GOOD SUM OF
MONEY AWAITS
A CLAIMANT
Confided to A. Richley
by a Suicide.
TRAGEDY ON THE HIGH SEAS
U. S. CONSUL AT HONOLULU NOW
HAS i'HE COIN.
The Frenzied Deed of an Insane Man
on the Steamer Claudine Near
Hilo Last January Is
Recalled.
There is now in the hands of Un!tp<s
States Consul Elaywarda at Honolulu the
sum of $lOSI which is awaiting a claimant.
This amount was present toa^
(tn the steamer Claudine, running tri r^
Hilo lo Honolulu. last January by i I
man who plunged lnt<
island of Maul niter enjoining Rlchl<
seek out his mother, who hi ed :i
Oakland. Mr. Ricbley left Honolul
weeks ago, and up to that tlnn the mom f
was still in the posseslon of the Consul, iti
whose hands be had placed the money for
pafe keeping. Mr. Richley arrived in this
city last Sunday and is a guest at the
Occidental. The story of the suicide ;*
best told in his own words:
"1 made the acquaintance of a young
man at a hotel in Hilo, who said his name
was Charles Burke. We became Quite
friendly, and he told me !"■ had come to
ILlo on a sailing vessel from Sun Fran
cisco. We both agreed to take pas
on the interisland steamer Claudine tor
Honolulu, and did so.
"The next morning before daybreak 1
heard my name called, and on going on
deck I saw Burke on the outside of the rail
clinging to a rope. Jle was talking \\ :
and, handing me a check for HOOO ai
in money, told me to give it to his mother
to pay oft the mortgage on her home. L
tried to reason with him and persuade
him to come back on deck; but hi
tinued his wild talk, gave me a dial
ring and muttered something about
wrongfully accused as a defaulter to the
extent of $7ow. 1 finally prevailed on him
to come Into the captain's cabin to get
some whisky. He went wijh me, bi
we reached the cabin door the young man,
becoming frightened, ran away from me
and plungf-d overboard. We threw out a
life preserver, but the suicide had prob
ably b«en devoured by the sharks, which
abound ir those waters. Uk
"In his maudlin talk I understood Burke^>
to say that he was at one time connected
with the Tacific [mprovement Company
of this city, but on communication with
i that concern I was informed that tin
cide was one Bedford, who was I It
keeper of the City Improvement Company
and had disappea I ' :;i "- before.
Sunnyside Republicans.
Sunnyside citizens mci las the
residence of Gustavo Schnee, 66 Joost ave
nue, and organized the Sunnyside X
lican Club with the following officers: W.
A Merrills, president; A. H. Hansen. vice
president; Gustave Schnee, secretary; .1.
Brown treasurer. The object of the club
is to elect the forthcoming ponvention
delegates, who will be- opposed to
tyranny of bosses and boss politics.
•\fi.T passing a resolution Indorsing
action of The Call in suggesting the
Dewey monument movement the club ad
journed.
Fractured His Skull.
A. I>. Hancock of the steamer Portland
i slipped and fell at the corner of Spear
l[ and- Bryant streets last night. He was
nicked up unconscious and taken to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital, where it waa
found that his skull was fractured. H«
! will probably recover.MARKET-STREET
COMPANY TRIES
ANOTHER STEAL
Would Defeat the New
Charter.
BUNKOED ITS BONDHOLDERS
*
— — ♦ —
INDUCED TO PURCHASE THAT
WHICH DID NOT EXIST.
•
Mayor Phelan Intimates That He
Will Use His Veto Against the
Latest Attempt to Rob
the Public.
Robbery perpetrated by the Market
etreet Railway Company is always a con
dition precedent to the endeavor to prove
an alibi. The crime has been continuous
for years. The attempt to shift the onus
was made Tuesday, when the Street Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors was
used as a stalking horse for a most out
rageous onslaught on an unsuspecting
public. After robbing its own stock*
holders by the use of methods that would
-call for the wiping: off the stock of the
company from any stock board in the
country, the Market-street Railway Com
pany is attempting to snmlbag the San
Francisco public Into such acquiescence
in the steal as will make it presentable in
a court of justice.
The particular n to is
that where the Market-street Railway
Company sold something that it did not
possess. A ; jary
■ Railway Company II has b come
bonds to the
amount of $671,000 which do not mature
until 1921. The* sold in
the open mark-;. The <;■ I Rail
way Company I ■ runs
till 1908. What becomes of the other
eighteen years i • by the !
r»oes it take a mai figure
out to what extent the bond pun
have been bunkoed? Hardly. Would an
ordinary citizen be convicted of having
obtained money under false pn
the same conditions? Consult the police
In selling bonds calling for conditions
which do not exist and which can
11 the ba] ilation, the Mar
ket-street Railway Company Is guilty of
the baldest robbery: yet in th<
all it has the assurance to pro before the
I E of a looti d cil
ask that its crimea rtrtues in
that the public may suffer that its
may not bring it into the
pplication to the Board of Bu
for the
Bion of the Geary-street franchise
the Mark • ■■ Railway Company
edicament In which it Is
- not come as it should and
ask something that should be gri
Not a bit of it. It comes, like the aggre
riminals that it is. caught In
t. Tt 1? abject for the time that It
may hecnm» domineering in the end. It
pays to the Supervisors that In th<» event
that a fifty-year franchise is granted It
will surrender the four-year franchise it
etill controls. Jts own language In the
ition submitted I Com-
Bhows that. "S.iiil surrender and
abandonment, nevertheless, to take effect
• 'iil;.- upon thf award of a
new franchise over said route as herein
■ applied for." That is a nice opes
above board ->ffer of nothing for
something or the people of Pan Francisco
r ever saw one.
In addition, as Mayor Phelan pointed
yesterday in an interview, it is an
effort to evade the provisions of the new
charter which the people of San Fran
cisco voted should so into effect at the
beginning of the next year. The charter
provides that franchises shall be limited
to twenty-five years and at the end of
that time the roadbed shall revert to the
Will it succeed? The Mayor inti
mates that it may not
"There is no doubt," he said yesterday,
"that all ordinances granting franchises
under section AS of the consolidation act
must be submitted to th«= Mayor for his
approval. I am advised by my attorney
that the decision? of the Supreme Court
bear out this interpretation, whether the
franchises are sought under the act of
fOOKS
I SPi I
JBEHS WgJB ' K 9^ HE* ' lE*
MINUTES
SB m Bfli * mfß L I PP'^B B
B
i g ™w W rim j*j fll 1
& SBr wi v 4 ifi MM fl^^ Smßi I
mM VI 1 b 1 ft wfl| B BHfll
ACTIVE WORK
IN BEHALF OF
DEWEY STATUE
The General Committee Fixes $100,000
as the Limit of Cost and Appoints
Sub=Committees.
ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOL
LARS is the amount the committee
to erect a monument to the Ameri
can navy in commemoration of the
victory of Admiral Dew'ey at Manila has
fixed upon as necessary for its purpose,
and it will proceed at once to raise that
sum. That the committee will be suc
cessful there is not the slightest doubt.
Gratifying progress was made at the
meeting of the committee in Mayor Phe
lan's private office yesterday afternoon.
Besides the Mayor, who is chairman of
the committee, there were present: Irv
ing M. Scott, F. W. Van Slcklen, R. P.
Schwerin, Captain Fletcher, E. W. Hop
kins. Leon Sloss, Horace G. Platt. J. B.
Reiaß.ein, Charles L. Patton. C. H. Bund
shu.v'olonel Charles A. Murphy and E.
B. Pond. Little time was wasted in dis
cussion, the members getting right down
to work as soon as Mayor Phelan rapped
for order.
The first matter taken up was the elec
tion of treasurer. At the preliminary
meeting it was suggested that some bank
be selected to act in that capacity, but on
second consideration the members decid
ed that It would be preferable to have one
of their own number hjave control of the
funds, and ex-Mayor E. B. Pond was
unanimously chosen for the position.
The question of finances was then taken
up, the discussion extending to the cost of
the statue. . It was finally decided that
$100,000 would be ample to erect as im
posing and artistic a monument as could
be desired.
A resolution was adopted appointing a
committee of five to prepare and issue an
appeal to the people setting forth the in
comparable service rendered the entire
Pacific Coast by Dewey and his fleet and
the reasons why the public should honor
the great admiral in the manner proposed.
The address will be prepared to-day and
printed in all the papers to-morrow morn
ing.
A second committee was appointed to
wait upon the leading citizens of this city
and ascertain what financial assistance
they will give the movement, as it was
deemed advisable to start the fund with
some larce subscriptions before beginning
1893 or the act of 1897. Section 6S of the
consolidation act Is inconsistent with
• and it therefore stands.
By authority of that section all ordi
nances granting special privileges or
franchises coming within that category
must be submitted to the Mayor. It may
be that bids art absurdly low for valu
able franchises. In that event it would
be my duty to return the order without
my approval.
"There is no disposition certainly on
■ my part to stand in the way of granting
reasonable franchises under ordinary <ir
cumstano s, but as the charter goes into
effect on the Ist of January, 1 think that
all franchiw s hereafter should be
granted under the provisions of that in
strument. 1 am disposed to believe that
when the present street railway fran
s hi San Francisco expire the people
will want to control the streets and the
! street transportation on their own ac
: count by municipal ownership, giving a
< very low rate of fare to passengers in
order to facilitate intercommunication
and thus build the city and bring the
suburbs within the reach of the mechanic
and the laborer. When the laborers were
working on the Dewey boulevard they had
to pay one-tenth of their day's earnings
to come and go to and from their work.
"The anxiety of the Geary Street Rail
way Company, controlled by the Market
I Street Railway, to secure a new franchise
is due. first, to a desire to avoid
the provisions of the new char
ter, which limits the term of a
franchise to twenty-five years and
provides that at the expiration of that
time the roadbed shall revert to the city;
and secondly, the company is in a diffi
culty, which reflects bad management or
bad'faith upon somebody. It is this:
"While the franchise expires in 1903. the
company has issued $»571 .0"»o worth of
bonds which do not mature until 1921, and
no provision, as T understand it, has been
made for a sinking fund. As a result the
bondholders, who must have bought
■ blindly, will have nothing to show for
' their Investment unless the same com
pany secures the franchise, in addition
to the bonds there is a million dollars'
worth of stock issued at $100 par value.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, MAT 24, 1899.
a general canvass for funds. This com
mittee will report at a meeting to be held
Friday, at which time the general com
mittee will resolve itself into a commit
tee of the whole on subscriptions and
each member will be assigned to a dis
trict which he will be expected to thor
oughly canvass.
Still another committee was appointed
to wait upon the proprietors of the differ
ent newspapers In the city and have
them throw open their columns to sub
scriptions and have each business office
ect as a collection agency for the fund.
By so doing contributions from Interior
points can be sent in to any of the papers,
due. credit given to the sender, and the
money promptly turned over to the treas
urer. "
The dispatch from Admiral Dewey, in
which he stated that the proposition of
his fellow townsmen to erect a statue of
him to be placed beside th«» statue of
Kihan Allen had been more gratifying to
him than anything that had yet been
suggested, was commented upon, and the
mcmhors of the committee felt that the
admiral would feel the same way in re
card to the movement on the Pacific
Coast.
Committees of five members each on
design, construction and location were
appointed and will begin work at once.
The committee on location bids fair to
have the most difficult task to perform,
for already letters are pouring in upon
the general committee offering sugges
tions as to the location of the statue and
giving reasons why the writer's views
should bo accepted above all others. That
committee is going to have an unhappy
time of it. It is evident, for the enthusi
asts have only just begun to get stirred
up over the proposition. There are many
thousands to be heard from, atid every
one will have to reinforce his first state
ment with succeeding letters.
One letter was received yesterday from
a Native Son containing a !"uggestion
that was immediately acted upon without
dissent. It was that the committee pre
pare an illuminated receipt to be given to
each contributor to the fund, which can
(■>■ kept as a souvenir. The committee
will havo prepared at once some designs
for ?u<ii receipt to be submitted at the
next meeting for approval. The receipt
$37 of which only was paid in. I cannot
see what value this has unless the fran
chise Is renewed. This reminds me that
the Market street railway stock has been
advancing- rapidly on its earning capacity,
whereas at the expiration of its several
franchises the bondholders will alone be
protected so far as an inadequate Finking
fund can protect them, and the stockhold
ers will get nothing-.
"I do not like to see this stock sold
freely on the market to Innocent pur
chasers, which enables the corporation
when it gets into trouble to cry that it is
owned by "widows and orphans.' I think
innocent purchasers should be warned.
"As for the Geary street franchise, you
will see from the facts that if the new
franchise be offered for sale the com
pany will have to secure it if it desires
to protect the bonds: or the bondholders
themselves will bid and hence the city
is in a position to get a good price for
it. provided some of our citizens will get
tog-ether and also make bids, which they
no doubt will do. But for my part 1 am
wllllnc to say that so far as I can pro
tect tn» public in the matter the fran
chise wilf not be offered for sale until
after the first or the year, for the rea
sons abov»» statM. I claim to have the
right to veto all orders of the Board of
Supervisors granting franchises and spe
cial privileges."
Another thing that will make the road
of the transgressor hard for the Mar
ket Street Company is the fact that it
has not relinquished It? Gearv street
franchise. It has gone to the Board of
Supervisors and asked it to grant a fran
chise over a line that until 1903 at least
is held from the public. It asks the
Board of Supervisors to grant a franchise
that will not be in the power of any
Board of Supervisors to grant until ISO 3.
True, it offers to surrender the franchise,
but it does so with a string. "If you give
us fifty yean for four, well trade." How
can the Market Street Railway and the
Board of Supervisors get over the fact
that there is nothing to give and tint if
there was the effort to steal twenty-five
years of life from one provision of the
new charter must prove abortive? It will
try to show It at the next meeting of the
Street Committee on Thursday. After
that, the Mayor.
The other attempts of the Market Street
Company to squeeze the city In its coils,
made at the same time as the applica
tion for the new Geary street franchise,
are no less insidious. A block here and
a block there it asks throughout the city,
ostensibly for the purpose of connecting
Its various lines, but absolutely for the
purpose of taking up at the minimum of
cost streets which if unhampered by
these petty franchises might prove de
sirable ways over which competing com
panies might desire to run lines. They
are all attempts at steals as is the Geary
street application and just as baldfaced.
They should all meet with the same fate.
It is up to Mayor Phelan to stop them
If Supervisors can be found willing
enough to cotintenance them.
SUTRO PROPERTIES
SOON TO BE SOLD
PRESENT MANAGERS WISH TO
LIQUIDATE ALL DEBTS.
The Heights, Baths, Cliff House,
Napa County Ranch and City
Realty Will Be IHsposed Of.
An ord«»r was made yesterday by Judge
Coffey directing the sale of $1,000,000 or
mnrp of real and personal property be
longing to the estate of the late Adolph
Sutro. in order that debts of the estate
j may be paid as well as the minor lega
cies, and the expenses and charges of ad-
I ministration be properly met.
A short time ago Mrs. Dr. Emma L..
' Merritt and W. R. H. Adamson, executrix
j and executor of the estate, made appli
' cation to sell the properties of the estate
j for the reasons named. The properties
I Which the present managers of the es
! tate wished to dispose of include the Su
tro Baths. Cliff House and Cliff House
ranch and Sutro Heights, with all statu
ary, curiosities, etc.; the famous Napa
County ranch, long known as Arcadia,
located near Calistoga, and various lots
In the heart of the city and hundreds of
lots In the outside land.s. As the claims
of the creditors amount to about $700,000
I this amount will be raised immediately,
I just how is not set forth. It Is under-
; stood that purchasers bay« been secured
i for a large per <v>nt of the property and
that the remainder, included In the order
of Judjje Coffey will bo sold under the
hammer. The trust clause In the will of
the deceased owner of the property has
been declared invalid by Judge Troutt.
! but doubtless before the property can be
I disposed of a decision of the Supreme
Court must be had. This may cause some
delay, but in any event it Is certain that
in the near future the favorite proper
ties of the deceased wi.i soon pass into
hands other than those of his heirs.
Postal Inspector Erwin Dined.
Postoffioe Inspector J. W. Erwin was
banqueted at a downtown restaurant last
Monday night in honor of his return un
scathed from Cuba. Speech and jest en
livened the evening. There were present
Congrssman Loud. Superintendent Thrall
of the Railway Mail Service, A. M. Cox,
superintendent of the city delivery de
partment; Chief Postoffice Inspector R.
R. Munro and Inspectors Coyne, Robin
son and Bucker, Postmaster Montague,
Assistant Postmaster McKinley, Cashier
E. A. O'Connor, Clerk Madden of the
Postoffice Inspector's office. D. S. Rich
ardson, general superintendent of the San
**-»*"»i«co Postofflce. and John P. Clum.
will be most artistic in design, and every
subscriber, whether his contribution is 10
cents or $10,000, will receive one.
The committee adjourned to meet again
next Friday at 4 o clock in the Mayor's
private office, when some important an
nouncements will be made.
The Sunnyside Republican Club last
night passed a unanimous resolution in
dorsing The Call for its action in promot
ing the erection of a statue to Admiral
Dewey to be placed in a commanding po
sition on the Pacific Coast on the shores
of the bay of San Francisco.
At a meeting of the Point .Lohos Im
provement Club last night a resolution
was introduced by Colonel C. H. Murphy,
who claims to be the originator of trie
Dewey statue. The resolution, which is
as follows, was unanimously adopted:
"Whereas. There is a public movement
on hand to erect a statue in this city to
the American navy to commemorate *Ad ■
miral Dewey's great achievement in Ma
nila: and whereas, said naval achieve
ment cleared the Pacific of a fleet that
menaced this coast, and opened the sea
to our commerce; and whereas, San
Francisco and other seaport cities of Cali
fornia are under exceptional obligations
to Admiral Dewey: therefore be it
'•Resolved. That the Point T>obos Im
provement Club, moved by sentiments of
gratitude and patriotism, commends this
movement and pledges its support to the
Major and the committee in charge of
said proposition: and be it further
"Resolved, That we highly regard this
project of the people's gratitude for our
national hero; be it further
"Resolved. That we believe it to be the
duty of all good citizens of California to
aid this movement by both moral and
financial assistance."
On the question of selecting a site for
the statue. Secretary YV. P, Johnston of
fered a resolution favoring Sutro Heights
as being the best adapted for the brave
Dewey. From this place it was held that
the statue would be one of the first ob
jects as also thp last seen by all coming
In or going: out of the Golden Gate.
Colonel Murphy had no doubt hut the
Sutra heirs would sell the heigrhts to the
city at a reasonable figure for such a pur
pose.
ROOKERIES ON
MARKET STREET
IN A BIG BLAZE
A Fire That Threat
ened Danger.
CAUSED BY CROSSED WIRES
FRIGHTENED LODGERS LEAVE
IN HOT HASTE.
A Bunch of Tottering Eyesores in
the Business Section Damaged
to the Extent of
$5000.
A fire which started in a mmiwt man
; nr>r and at first seemed insignificant
| threatened the very heart of the city be
' tween the hours of 11 and 12 o'clock last
nischt. At Market and Fourth streets
there are a number of old wooden build
ings, rickety and worm-eaten. The gTound
j floor stores, however, bring in a nice
! rental, and this is probably all that has
| saved them from being torn down and
replaced by modern structures. Last
night, shortly after 11 o'clock, the electric
! light wires became crossed at Fourth and
'■ Market streets. There was a sputtering
of flame on the pole and a sharp hissing
sound could be heard on the sidewalk.
A few minutes later smoke was seen
issuing from the roof of the three-story
frame structure at 7K3 Market street, and
an alarm was turned in from box 98.
When the firemen arrived they could only
locate a blind fire in the building, and
! they started in to fight it. The building
was but a tinder-box, however, and In a
■ few minutes flames were bursting from
' the roofs of the buildings at 3, 5, 9 and 11
I Fourth street. It looked for a time as
though a second alarm would be neces
sary, but the firemen finally managed to
get the blaze under control.
The lire created a great deal of excite
ment along Market street. It was fought
wholly from the south side of the street
and the Market-street cars were not
stopped, but hundreds who were on their
way home jumped off the cars, attracted
!by the blaze. The upper floors of the
buildings affected by the fire were occu
pied as lodging-houses, and the lodgers
made hasty exit, dragging out trunks and
satchels filled with their belongings or
rushing pellmell through the streets with
their arms full of clothing. The building
in which the fire originated immediately
adjoins the notorious Midway Plaisanco.
The show was in progress at the time, but
the noise of a fire engine puffing In front
of the house soon drove the audience from
the building.
The buildings damaged by fire and
water were as follows: 783 Market street
first floor occupied by Oardall &■■ Hessell
as a restaurant; second floor. National
Business Agency and B. Lee's tailoring
establishment; third floor, lodging-house.
Three-story building. 3, 5 and 7 Fourth
street— first floor, King Brothers' book
store and O'Brien & Galvln's saloon; up
per floors, Mme. Ravenna, clairvoyant.
Three-story frame building, 9 and 11
Fourth street— J. W. Williams' restaurant,
oyster-house and saloon. The buildings
belong to John W. Mackay and the loss
will reach at least $5000.
The Court Erred.
The Judge of the Superior Court of Mon
terey County received a decided setback
yesterday at the hands of the Justices of
the Supreme Court. Charles L. Westlake
in 1597 was the Tax Collector of Monterey
County, and the was indicted by the
Grand Jury for embezzling $371, and after
a trial was sentenced to ten years in the
State prison. An appeal was taken from
the judgment on the ground that the
court had erred in its instructions to the
Jury. Supreme Court Commissioner
Cooper, who wrote the opinion, also con
sidered that a serious error had been com
mitted to the injury of the defendant, for
he holds that "the Judge of the lower
court instructed the jury that the willful
omission to pay over the money itself
made the defendant guilty as charged."
The Justices agreed with this view of the
matter and the judgment and order deny
ing a new trial was reversed.
Inspector Cook Promoted.
Port Surveyor Spear has be*»n granted
an additional clerk at a salary of $1500
per annum. Customs Inspector Charles
T. Cook has been appointed to the posi
tion.
TO REVISE
THE SYSTEM
OF TAXATION
Revenue Laws to Be
Overhauled.
AN IMPORTANT INNOVATION
FIRST SESSION OF THE SENATE
COMMITTEE.
Outline of the Work Discussed and
Plans of Procedure Decided
Upon by the Com
mittee.
Just before the last State Senate ad
journed a committee was appointed to
Investigate the tax system of the State
and to report to the next Legislature any
suggestions for its improvement. The
committee was composed of Senators S.
<". Smith of Bakersfield, J. C. Sims of
Santa Rosa and E. R. Taylor of Alameda.
The first session of the committee was
held at the Lick House yesterday, the
members bringing business interests in
the city together so they could meet
There was little in the way of business
transacted, but plans for future work
were discussed and a general system of
work was agreed upon.
The committee will first send circular
letters to the various county Boards of
Supervisors, asking for information re
garding the cost of tax collection, also
statistics as to sources of revenue and
the proportions from each. Letters will
also be sent to the different States, in
quiring about different systems of taxa
tion. It was further decided to invite
communications from any one interested
in the subject, and any suggestions so
made will receive the careful attention of
the committee. These communications
may be sent to any member of the com
mittee—Senator Smith at Bakersfield. Sen-
Sims at Santa Rosa or Senator Taylor at
Alameda.
The aim of the committee was stated
very broadly in the resolution providing
for its appointment. The resolution was
presented by Senator Smith, and his in
tention was to investigate and report; but
before the next sf-ssion the committee will
probably hnve gone further than that and
will have pr^par^d the form of a bill to
revise the tax system, or at least a re
vision and codification of the present tax
laws.
SAN JOSE NORMAL.
Important Meeting of the Directors
Monday.
The new board of directors of the San
Jose Normal School met in this city on
Monday and organized. Dr. Brown of
San Jose was elected chairman for one
year. A temporary executive committee
was appointed, consisting of Directors
Brown. Swiggert and Leavitt. Judge
Short of Fresno and State Superintendent
Kirk were elected members of the joint
board.
The election of the president of the San
Jose school was deferred to June 2. at
which time the hoard will meet in San
Jose. The candidates fur president are
the incumbent (Professor Randall t and
Professor C. \V. Cbilds. Professor Mc-
Naughton of Arizona has also filed an
application for the position. There has
been considerable friction at the school
for the past two years, and the meeting
of the board is being regarded with keen
Interest.
Professor Childs was president of the
school when Governor Budd took office
and was ousted by the Democratic board
of directors. It is regarded as possible
that he will be elected. Should Professor
Childs be again made president it may
lead to many changes in the teachers.
Under the rules the president nominates
all the teachers and the directors elect
them. On June 2 the board will also ap
portion the patronage of the clerks, jani
tors and general keepers.
Stole a Bill of Lading.
Moritz Politzer, nephew of Alexander
Politzer, liquor merchant. 503 California
street, swore to a complaint in Acting
Police Judge Groezinger's court yesterday
for the arrest of George Wollenschlager,
who kept a saloon at Butchertown, on the
charge of grand larceny. Wollenschlager
ordered from Politzer two barrels of
whisky that were shipped from the East.
When they arrived Politzer took the bill
k>f lading to Wollenschlager to collect the
amount due. $90, and he alleges that Wol
lenschlager grabbed him by the throat
and forcibly took the bill or lading from
him.
Have Leave to Mortgage.
\ Judge Daingerfield yesterday granted
leave to the board of trustees of the
Emanuel Baptist Church, the scene of the
Durrant murders, to mortgage the realty
! fr>r the Bum of $9000. A larger mortgage
heretofore existed, but it was reduced to
the present figure, the leave to mortgage
for $9000 being obtained to pay off a sub
sequent claim and to improve the church
proper.
UnnHllWßlßl
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT < ! _ Jljr
Again Proves Its Great Value— lt Cures After All j / T
Remedies Fail. *' ' \
When your neighbor says it cured him, when you know that >r^ "V \
over 10,000 men have been restored by it, you must have confi- f >^ L j I
dence in this wonderful Belt. If you have failed in other means y*^ V>^/ '•* /
that is no argument against it, for nine out of ten of its cures were ». .. -"^^ , /
made after all else had failed. It pours vitality into the nerves and "V-- "_ /
muscles, restoring the wasted power, and it must cure. \ \. J J j4r
Can You Doubt Such Proof? rZ^^ZZZJaSBSsF
SAN FRANCISCO. May 12. 189?. t " ..- .- " , *$££
DR. M. A McL.AUQHL.IN Dear Sir: It If with pleasure I make known the great \^-^' -^ILL^?
benefit I have received from your Belt. For years, before starting the use of the Belt, I I ""  •' C^XVi
had suffered with Paralysis, poor circulation and poor eyesight, as well as nervousness: P . \\ \ , '^"^\%\%\
In fact, was almost a wreck. I doctored and drugged till I was discouraged. The last I^-* -■->>?'?\\ \'si3L
four years I was In a terrible condition. I commenced the use of your Belt two months Xll'jtr'^^ '^^SUss&l.
ago, having but little confidence in It doing what you promised, but after Riving it a t^i^^V-*^T»^^^k
faithful trial rind myself in better health to-day than I ever expected to be. I have J~f^&Mmm EBe
pained in strength and every sign of my trouble? has disappeared. I seemed to gain from ye)^jK^>f T < * i ffllfl'*^i HW
the. first application of the Belt. The paralysis has crone and the circulation is far better VSJ'V/ilNalmßnmM
and my eyesight is greatly Improved. I cannot thank you enough for what the Belt has m yBWmSOSa
done for me, but may be able to repay you by the Rood words I will speak for the Belt. • V(BHbßbs3p**3kSSsßl
Yours very truly. M. O'CONNOR, 2824 Bush street. . ymkjmjP'
Stop Drugging and Try It. ' Mr
If you are weak and failing try it to-day. It costs less than M— - I f
half the ordinary doctor bill and is ten times more effective, as it •l-y .._ I j
saturates the weak parts with its vitalizing power. It checks all I*^- I I
drains upon the -system and brings the nerves up to a vigorous \A-^ II \
standard. It positively cures all weakness of men, nervousness \ V 'i\
and kindred aiiments. \ A / /
Call or Send for My Book, "Three Classes of Men." V 1 . /(
This tells about it and gives hundreds of grateful letters. If \ A ?"' M
you are weak man read it. Sent free, sealed, on application. If ' ; \ V* i*
possible, call and examine the Belt and test it, free.
fin II I lImI Mlinill 111 702 Market St., Cor.Kearay, S.F. send for my book
UK M II Ml I QllllHllN *nd Cor. Spring and Second Sts., Los Angeles. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN"
Mill 111 l 111 lIIUIxfIUUIILiIIIf Office Hours— to8;30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to I. it is MAILED FREE.
THB EMPORIUM.
Free Wax VUE'Elßii^l^lH IR.il See the Mcx- «'
Pilate,' ' closes P W OoUl^nifcMle ftazaar.^ ? ™ ' xork * J
CAUPORniAS LAQC£ST^AtiERICAS C&MIDZST STORE. otunda -
Embroideries and Laces i
At One-Half Regular Prices, i
To-day, Wednesday, and until the quantity &s /^c\ *|
in stock is sold, we offer the following 4^sr v \ f^l'^> *1
lots at one-half price: "^'S+X &L ¥' 51
' 150 yards Fine Quality Dotted Swiss Hemstitched '-vi~'>\. ;~- -.'7 >, *I
Flouncing, regularly 25c yard 12%0 j^^ .. * ''^•-•SZ^fo 51
White Embroidered, Lace Elg;d Insertions — "^»^^3^^?V^S *I
12^c va1ue........ 6 l 4 C I 30c value 15c '^^^zS^^^^ *
■ 15c value 7^C i 35c value 17'.,G 'J^^^f^i^^ 2i
20c value 100 \ 50c value 25© // iCi *X~ J;
White Embroidery, Lace Edge — / |.|i
15cvalue ..7}^O I 25c value 12%0 ' ]!}) "i
16% c va1ne...... 84 C j * / / f
285 yards of extra wide Nainsook Em- !18 pieces extra wide Embroidered Linen !j
broidery Insertion, regularly 25c yard, , Batiste Insertion, assorted styles, rec- 2
for 12\G ular prices 25c to 75c per yard— cut ■*
142 yards Swiss Embroidery Insertion, to 12%C»t0 37 x \O <
regular value 35c yard, for 17 ,C o ? • . , . 4 !
25 pieces 22-inch all-over Linen Batiste 27 P ie « 9 .assorted styles Novelty Lace }
Embroidery Bands, in butter or ecru colors —
regularly... 65c $1.00 75c regularly. 20c 25c +$
for 32 c SOg 37^c for Sc 100 12)iO J-:
regularly... $2.00 $2.50 . $3.00 regularly... 35c 50c 75c *j
for $1.00 $1.25 $1.50 for 17\iO 250 37\0 4
♦<
Special Wednesday and .{'Remarkable Wednesday Specials. 2
Groceries - Liquors Bicycle Supplies. %
Have no doubt about the quali- The " Kantslip "*^
ties of our special offerings in this Toe Olio, like pic- i
department (or any other for that -^ ture, good spring steel, }]
matter). We grantee every ar- *¥» ST^ASJftftSiS^
tide to be just as represented or pair— to-day ..Wo *
money refunded. Direct Grocery — Bicycle Pump, like **
Telephone — South 50. picture, heavy steel tube, +A
12x1 inches, handsome- 2 j
Tomatoes— lsoo dozen Hesperian i ly nickeled and polished, Jjl
Haywards brand, one dozen only to cus- complete with 12 inches 3 ; -
-tomer at the special price j] sfT\s~\ of test rubber 2
4 cans for 250 11 //ro/ pump tubing '^'i
Ground GhOGOlate— Miner's 3-lbl // / £/ / and new pat- <
tins, while supply lasts, per tin..62c | //7 <l^^^ ent connecting <
__, T ~ " 7, f . n ... ■■ I, (-/^ >% swivel nipple, '•.?
M#/lr-Jersey Condensed Milk, quahty /^^{ /^^fL regularly 50c *
reliable 3 cans for 25c fS \VVt^^ <f each —to-day *
O//— Plagnoil, a good imported article,! [[ »] on v 300 *2
large 50c bottles for. 35c 9 *^
Crystola— Cleans things the sams as — *|
sapolio, regularly EOc dozen, for two' 5
days _ 35© Wednesday Special Sale of +d
Coffee — Our best Mocha and Java. : m __m_-— •_ c»^^«_^ «
r^ularly 35c lb, for two days 3Oc LUBinS&OBpSm 4
Whiskey— Harper's Rye. 8 years old, j One of the finest toilet Soaps mano- <
quart bottles, regularly $1, f0r.. .83c factured; guaranteed genuine "Lubin's"; *•
Beer — A BG— in all the best odors; to-day at these *$
Quarts, regularly $2.30 doz, for $2.10 extraordinary prices: J|
Pints, regularly $1.50 doz, f0r..51.30 Regular 40c size 260 2!
Port or Sherry- Our 75c per gal- Regular 60c size 320 *
lon quality, for two day 3 55©'Regular 75c size 49 C <
CHAMPION ATHLETES
WILL RUN AND JUMP
ANNUAL MEETING OF COAST
ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION.
It Will Be Held To-Morrow Evening
in the Gymnasium of the
Olympic Club.
Entries for the Pacific Coast annual
Amateur Athletic Association meeting,
which will be held in the Olympic Club
gymnasium to-morrow (Thursday) even-
Ing, closed yesterday with the following
results:
1000-yard race— P. Cornyn, Columbia Park
Athletic Club; Thomas Brennan, Olympic
Athletic Club; George T. Shaw Jr., Mission Y.
M. c. A.: George Klaman. Olympic: E. W.
Smith. Stanford University; E. Williams.
Stanford University: A. G. Dondero, Ariel;
J. H. Delahide. O. C. ; Joseph Doyle. O. C;
N. Lamont, O. C; E. Webster, Grammar
School Athletic Club: F. E. Ferein. Grammar
School Athletic Club; R. Karlndiski, Lowell
High School.
600-yard race— E. McMullen. Columbia Park
Athletic Club: F. W. Burgers. Olympic;
George T. Shaw, Mission Y. M. C. A. : George
Klaman. Olympic: E. W. Smith, Stanford
University; E. Williams, Stanford University ;
A. G. Dondero. Ariel; D. Woodburn. Re
liance: Joe Doyle. O. C. : W. Lamont, O. C. ;
E. Webster, Grammar School Athletic Club;
R. Kennedy. Grammar School Athletic Club;
R. Kar'.ndlski. Lowell High School.
Obstacle race— P. Cornyn, Columbia Park
Athletic Club; E. McMullen, Columbia Park
Athletic Club: F. W. Burgers. A. P. Curtis.
Academic Athletic League; George H. Bur
gers. Olympic; A. M. Stone. Olympic; B.
Hendrickson, Academic Athletic League; O.
TEE EMPOEITTH.
C. Crable. O. C; J. T. Cunningham. O. C
L. Buhlert, Grammar School Athletic Club
E. Webster. Grammar School Athletic Club
R. Kennedy, Grammar School Athletic Club
F. E. Fereln, Grammar School Athletic Club :
P. Cornyn, Columbia Park Athletic Club: A
Klein, Columbia Park Athletic Club.
Putting 16-lb shot— H. Nathan, unattached
R. Kdgren. Olympic; H. M. Collins. Olympic:
A. M. Stone. Olympic; B. Hendrickson, An
demic Athletic League; D. Woodburn, Re
liance; W. M. Cartwright. O. C.
Pole vault for height— W. J. Cutter. Oak.l
land Y. M. C. A.; D. Finn. Verein Etntracht*
L. Scheffler, Verein Eintracht; A. R. McKin
zle. unattached; D. J. Grant, Olympic: Hue
1 Boyd. Stanford: Charles S. Dole. Stanford- A
R. Curtis. Academic Athletic League; J jt
Rosborough, Reliance; D. Woodburn Reliance!
S. Simpson, O. C. : A. S. Packscher, G. S A. d
Running high jump— W. J. Cutter. o'aklan
&..W 1 ' C ti A -i , A- R McKinz| unattached
William Heinicke, unattached: D. S Grant!
Olympic; Hugh Boyd. Stanford; Charles S'
Dole. Stanford; J. J. Rosborough, Reliance- A
Klein, Columbia Park Club; E. E. . MorgarJ
Running broad jump— A. R. Kinzie. unat
tached: F. W. Burgers, Olympic; Charles a
Dole. Stanford; George H. Burgers. Olympic
A. M. Stone. Olympic: Alf Dondero, Ariel; C
Wcodburn, Reliance: J. T. Cunningham, O ' C
E. E. Morgan, O. C. " j
25 yard dash— W. J. Cutter, Oakland T >
C. A.; F. W. Burgers, Olympic; B. Moulder'
Olympic: George H. Burgers. Olympic; A V
Stone. Olympic: Alf Dondero, Ariel Rowin
Club: 'B. Hendrickson, Academic Athleti'
League: D. Woodbum. Reliance; W. Jacob-
Academic Athletic League: F. E. Rodolnh C
! C. : J. T. Cunningham, O. C: L. Buhlert. Orarr
mar School Athletic Club; R. Kennedy, Grair
mar School Athletic Club: F. F. Ferein Gran
mar School Athletic Club: E. E. Morgan O Ci
25 yard hurdle— W. J. Cutter. Oakland' Y." \i
C. A.; George Klaman. Olympic; Air Donden
Ariel; F. E. Rodolph. O. C. ; A. S. Packschei!
G. S. A. G.
Standing high jump— A. M. Stone. O. C.
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect pain
sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid. 63 Chronicle bid*
56
WEDNESDAY .. . MAY 24, .1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE n * p e '^_
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. S. F.
Telephone Main IM& . >|
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IST4.
DELIVERED BY CARRIE 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, B cents.
Terms by Mall, Including roFtnee:
DAILY CALL (including B"'i l«v all), on* year $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00 .
DAILY CALL (Including Bunday Call), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL-^By Single Mo th 6R«
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1-50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year l.«O
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
INEW YORK OFFICE. - : Ho nt 188. World Building
C. GEO KROCNESS. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE ■ Marquetto Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clocK 337 Hayes street, open until
9:50 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lcrkln str««t. open until 9:30 o'clocK
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2£9' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AJttU SEMENTS.
Colombia— 'The Moth and the Flame."
Grand Opera House— "The Gypsy Banm "
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
A>aaar — "In Mlzzoura."
Tivoll— "The Mandarin."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theaters-Vaudeville tvetj
and evening.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Elllf streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eigr.th— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths — Swimming Races, etc
Sherman-Clay Hall— Kneisel Quartet Concerts. Friday even
Ing, May 26.
Sherrnan-Clay Hall— Pianoforte Recital, Thursday Evening,
May 25. -
AUCTION SALES.
By Bald-win & HowelW- Thursday. May 26. at 12 o'clock, Real
• > at 10 Montgomery str^t.
THE CHARTER CLUB.
THE meeting at Metropolitan Temple on Mon
day night to organize a civic body for the pur
pose of influencing municipal administration in
the interest of property and industries was a very sig
nificant gathering. The 5! ! >y the chairman de
scribed the decline in values in San Francisco during
last decade, putting it at nearly half a billion dol
lars. The statement is sufficiently startling to stir to
activity the peoplt re injured by that mighty
shrinkage. The chairman presented the case by a
sentence that strikes the reader with all the interest
of novelty when he said the purpose of the meeting
was: "If possible, to determine some means by which
to prevent further loss to the owners of our city."
"The owners of the city." It would appear on the
surface that the city is owned by the politicians and
office-holders. They are in authority. They take the
taxes and spend them, and the property-owners run
hither and yon pleading for mercy in their assess
ments, looking in despair upon a rising taxable rate
dii a constantly falling actual value, until there is a
feeling abroad that they are the tenants of the prop
on and the office-holders are the landlords.
So it strikes one as novel when the property
owners are referred to truthfully as "the owners of
the city." It is their property. That property has
fallen in value for ten years at the rate of fifty mil
lions a year, and its owners have at last concluded to
take matters into their own hands and find out why
their property, the city, has lost value at such a
rapid rate.
The gods stand off while the man crie6 for help to
pull his wagon out of the mire; but when he puts
hi« own shoulder to the wheel and says nothing, but
lifts with all his might, then all Olympus runs to his
tance.
The owners of this city have been invoking all the
powers of earth and air and .vater to come to their
assistance and lift the value of their property out of its
decline. But now they have taken hold themselves,
and it their expressed purpose is carried out politics
will no longer hold a club over them, but they will
hold a club over politics and harness it to their policy
for the municipal, commercial and industrial regenera
tion of San Francisco.
This city wants more business and the greater popu
lation that it will bring. Half million clubs are use
less things if they propose to merely bring immigra
tion without bringing also the business that must sup
port it. It is not only through municipal administra
tion that lost values are to be recovered, but through
individual and organized enterprise in business.
San Francisco has not had enough of this enter
prise. Business plants that shou.d have come here
have gone elsewhere. For the sake of that prime
economy in transportation, the bringing of ship and
car together, commerce has gone up the bay to Port
Costa, and much of it farther away to Puget Sound
ports, because ship and car are kept apart in this
city, which has the best facilities in the world for
bringing them together. European cities have spent
millions of dollars to secure that facility which is put
here by nature and without cost.
The Central Republican Charter Club will find
nniple scope for its work in the interest of the own
ers of this city, and it must first convince them that
they nre the owners, and that their interests are mu
tual nnd common. How would the affairs of a stock
company flourish if its owner-, the stockholders,
should consider themselves Republicans or Demo
crats in a sense superior to their character as owners
of the property? How would things go if on election
day a competent ticket for directors was opposed by
a ticket of incompetents who would be elected be
cause their political partisans were in a majority in
•' ■ company? The owners of this city are the own
'■ of it- property. Their interests are common and
tv separable. What hurts one hurts all. Let them re
metnber this and determine to stand together as the
owners of a common interest, and municipal adminis
tration will become a business affair in which the in
terests of the owners of the city will be considered
and all the people will be helped by it.
Thomas Reed of Maine may not be the most lov
able man in the world, but there is no disputing his
caliber. Any budding statesman with designs on the
retiring Speaker's chair would do well to furnish him
self with guy ropes to keep from slithering around on
its highly polished surface.
The Prince of Wales, the dispatches announce,
affects a pronounced liking to hear American "coon"
songs whistled. Is it possible that his Royal High
ness contemplates the introduction of the cake walk
into the aristocratic and exclusive circles in which
he moves?
THE MARKET STREET RAILROAD
INIQUITY.
WHEN the cars of the Market street combina
tion straddle the crossings of the streets or
pass them at a high rate of speed, ignoring the
motions of waiting customers, there are a few gen
j tlcmen in San Francisco who always take of! their
hats to indicate their appreciation of Mr. Hunting
ton's absolute rule and of the fact that pedestrians
have no rights that the Market Street Railway Com
' i any is bound to respect.
It had been supposed that, owing to legal obstacles,
1 the attempted grab by this arrogant monopoly of
whole sections of the city so as to reduce almost the
I entire territory north and much of it south of Mar
' ket street to its absolute control had been tem
porarily abandoned. But, at the meeting of the
Board of Supervisors on Monday last, the community
was undeceived, for all the former demands were re
\ived and extended, with the recorded sanction of
seven members of the board. Nothing but a technical
blunder, so far as can be seen,, prevented the entire
! grab as amended from reaching the first legal stage on
j the road to success.
In the editorial columns of The Call on the 7th and
1 Bth of May the comprehensiveness and the rascality of
j this audacious invasion of public right were clearly
1 exposed. It was not then certain, however, that a
majority of the Street Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors were ready, in private session, to accept any
proposal the Market Street Railway Company had to
offer, in order to thwart the operation of the new
charter, or that a majority of the board itself were
eager to act as ratifying agents of the monopoly.
This flaunting contempt of the pablic will and of the
public interests was reserved for the proceedings of
Monday.
The details of this unprecedented scheme of plun
der have now been perfected. It includes the re
mainder of Sansome street north of Pacific street, a
block on Battery street between Sacramento and Cali
, fotnia streets, a block on Stockton street between
I Pacific street and Broadway, and two approaches to
the city and county line, one terminating on Milliken
-treet and the other on Forty-ninth avenue, near the
Cliff House. All these franchises are exacted for fifty
; years, or double the time allowed by the new charter.
The present Geary street franchise, which would ex
pire November 6. 1903, it is proposed to surrender on
j condition that a new and coextensive franchise, cov
ering electricity and all other motive powers, be
granted. The new franchises on Taylor street be
tween Geary and Post streets and along Grant avenue
I from its intersection with Geary street to Bush street
■ and down Bush street to Sansome street are of course
demanded. The use of electricity and of other im
provements in motive power is also required for the
whole system. The new charter not only limits the
duration of street railroad franchises to one-half the
period now permitted, but explicitly declares that no
such franchise shall be granted unless the percentage
ci gross receipts offered is at least 3 per cent for the
first five years, 4 per cent for the next ten and 5 per
I cent for the last ten years. The drafted resolutions now
1 presented by the Market Street Railway Company
relieve the corporation from the payment of any per
centage for five years. The statute of March 13. 1897,
: only requires 3 per cent to be contributed for the last
forty-five years of the franchise. The new charter,
furthermore, enables the municipality "to fix. establish
1 and reduce the fares and charges for transporting pas
sengers and goods." and contains other stringent
■ provisions for the protection of the public which are
i not embodied in the existing laws.
This is the most atrocious and unspeakably dishon
est plan to destroy possible competition and to
firmly intrench a railroad despotism in our midst of
which there is any record. The bulkhead bills of 1859
and 1800, which sought to place the entire water front
in the hands of French capitalists, were supposed at -
the time to have no precedent for infamy and for :
audacity. But in 1899 the Market Street Railway
Company has easily surpassed that wholesale scheme
of confiscation which the Supervisors of forty years
ago repudiated, and of the triumph of which there
was never any danger while an honest Governor pos
sessed the veto power. Now, in the full glare of pub
licity, with the facts and with the law thoroughly ven
tilated and understood, it appears that all Mr. Hun
tington has to do is to signify his pleasure to seven
members of the board and his intricate robbery is ap
| proved, before even its details could have been read.
As the new charter goes into effect on January 1,
1900. and as the existing franchise of the Geary Street
Railway Company has more than four years to run. it
i e impossible for any part of the vile project which
has been thus impudently uncovered, and especially
! lor so much of it as relates to Geary street, to suc
ceed without manifest corruption. Cranks and
fanatics are often unjust to public officers, but this is
a proposition that the most tolerant citizen in San
Francisco cannot fail to indorse. To give franchises
for half a century, and to deprive the city of not less
than 3 per cent on gross receipts for five years, and
of an increasing proportion for forty-five years
I longer, when, by waiting for seven months, the new
I law that the people and the Legislature have ratified
i can be enforced, is transparently iniquitous and in-
I capable of explanation. And these are only isolated
i specifications of the enormous injury that this com
munity is expected to endure. The monopoly could
afford to pay a million dollars to consummate the
steal.
If the opinion of the City and County Attorney
upon the questions arising from this latest railroad
fraud has been delivered there has been no publication
of the fact. But appearances indicate that neither
law, evidence nor our metropolitan necessities, which
are increasing year by year, are to receive the slight
i est consideration at the hands of Mr. Huntington or
j of a bare majority of the Board of Supervisors.
The patience of the property-holding citizens of
San Francisco has been frequently and severely taxed,
! but this last raid upon the municipality transcends all
former experience.
THE CONTEST FOR THE SPEAK
ERSHIP
WHILE Tom Reed has not yet given the pub
lic a formal notice of his intention to retire
from political life, and has not resigned his
seat in Congress, it is abundantly evident that he has
given his friends notice that he will not be a candi
date for the of this Congress. That
much is demonstrated by the activity of the canvass
now going on for the office.
The number of candidates is about as large as that
of States having strong Republican delegations in
Congress, for while there are some such States hav
ing no candidate, there are several which have two or
more, and the average holds good. It is gratifying to
note that thus far hardly any candidate has been put
forward upon sectional grounds, though of course
such considerations are sure to come later. For the
present the one desire of the party appears to be that
of choosing the best man for the place.
Numerous as are the aspirants, only a few of
them have any strong following at this time. Among
these are three New York men, Sherman, Payne and
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 24. 1899.
Ray. The first two are men of long experience and
represent the veterans of the party, while Ray is a
young warhorse and hopes to win by dash and vigor
rather than upon his record.
Illinois has a veteran candidate in the well-known
"Joe" Cannon, who as chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations has rendered good service to his party
1 and proven himself an able debater. The same State
has also a young man candidate in Mr. Hopkins, who,
however, has some claims as a veteran also, since he
has served in eight Congresses. He isinow making
a more active canvass than any other candidate and
has already gone to Washington to catch any stray
Representative who may be there.
Ohio has a candidate in Mr. Grosvenor, who dur
ing the last Congress was looked upon as the spokes
man of the administration and whose skill as a de
bater and as a parliamentarian is well known. lowa
presents for the office General David Bremer Hender
son, a veteran of Congress and of the Civil War — a
man not only of strong but of picturesque character
and much given to the use of language that requires
explanation. For example, he is now being charged
with having said that American hams for export
ought to be wrapped in the stars and stripes, and
his enemies hold he has more reverence for the lowa
ham than the banner of his country, despite his ser
vice under h in war.
It is probable the contest may be prolonged to such
a point that a dark horse will have a chance to win.
Should that prove so. the Pacific Coast should cer
tainly have a candidate to put forward, not on sec
tional grounds, but upon the broad principle that it
is time for the nation to recognize the services of
Pacific Coast men. Mr. Loud has risen steadily in j
the estimation of the House and of the country dur- j
ing his service in Congress and would be a good man
to support should there be any chance for a man
from the coast.
THE STRAW BOND INVESTIGATION.
I-UJROM every point of view the steps taken by the
Grand Jury to investigate the straw bond
frauds alleged to have been practiced by Police
Court Clerk Kelly are gratifying, and it is to be
hoped the inquiry will be eventually extended to
cover the whole range of such offenses.
The straw bond evil is one which has long been
complained of in every important city in the United
States. It is an outgrowth of the shyster element
which has been permitted to attach itself to the bar,
and which by its own corruption has corrupted the
practices of the courts themselves and led to the de
velopment of a hundred forms of trickery, cunning
and fraud to defeat the law.
Every now and then there occurs some flagrant in
stance of such corruption to arouse public indigna
tion, and then there is an investigation, which for a
time renders the tricksters more cautious in their
work. Rarely, however, does it happen in any city
that wholesale convictions of offenders take place
and adequate punishment is meted out. Therefore
any earnest effort to accomplish -nich results is always
a matter for public congratulation.
From the reports given out of the results of the in
vestigation thus far, there appears good prospect that
ample evidence will be obtained in the investigations
now undertaken by the Grand Jury to obtain at least
one conviction. Kelly seems to have carried on the
practice of issuing straw bonds with such boldness
that his offenses can be easily proven even under the
restrictions placed upon legal testimony.
It is stated that there have been submitted to the
Grand Jury over one hundred bonds accepted by
Kelly which bond experts have declared to be worth
less. Some of the saloon-keepers who signed bonds
which Kelly accepted are reported to have admitted
they signed them for political reasons, while others
assigned business reasons for their action. One of
the latter is quoted as having said: "In every case
where I went as surety on a bond I did so as a matter
of business. When a frequenter of my saloon had the
misfortune to be arrested I gladly consented to be
come one of his bondsmen rather than have him stay
in jail over night."
It appears, moreover, that in the course of the in
vestigation the Grand Jury has discovered evidence
that in many crises criminals have been released be
fore the bonds required by law were riled. Thus it is
said that a woman, a notorious pickpocket, >vas once
released on an order from Kelly five minutes after she
was arrested, while the required bonds were not fur
nished and placed on record in court until the fol
lowing day.
The people of San Francisco have seen so many
prosecutions based upon seemingly irresistible evi
dence come to nothing that they will not be sanguine
of conviction in this casr, notwithstanding the
strength of the testimony reported to have been given.
Still they will be well pleased if the Grand Jury con
tinue its efforts. Exposure is not as good as convic
tion, but it helps to hold rascality in check, and that
is something.
The people of the United States persist in insisting
that this is not a warlike nation. It may not be. but
any foreigrr statesman who will take the trouble to
glance at the programme of exercises for the coming
Memorial day will hardly be convinced. He will see
there represented the veterans of three wars — not in
cluding the Filipino affair — and will probably come to
the conclusion that your Uncle Sam is all right when
he is let alone and all fight when he is not.
The sugar industry has grown to such magnitude in
Hawaii that it has been found necessary to encroach
upon the lands formerly used for the pasturage of
cattle. As a consequence they are experiencing a
meat famine in Honolulu, which the merchants of
San Francisco will find profit in averting.
It is hardly necessary for Attorney General Ford to
deny the statement in a dispatch from Sacramento
that Governor Gage had sought his advice concerning
the legality of certain appointments. It is evident
from the many breaks made by the Governor that he
has sought advice from no one.
| / Brassey's Annual announces with great serious
! ness that the battle of Manila Bay conveyed only les
sons of an obvious character. The instruction was
certainly very plain to those Spaniards that were left
! after the engagement.
John McGoomis not only vindicated his own man
hood but he struck a blow for an absent man when
be landed on one Bermah Speck for disrespectful re
marks concerning Admiral Dewey.
i Czar Nicholas has notified the Baron de Staal that
he desires international arbitration even if it be com
pulsory. If that is not a distinctly Russian way of
j looking at a thing, what is it?
It is wired from Chicago, as an entirely novel
proposition, that gamblers in that city pay for police
protection. In what other way could they have se
cured it?
Sharkey says that Fitzsimmons can inflict terrific
punishment. Sharkey certainly ought to know, but
who advised him to be candid?
SAN FRANCISCO
SHOULD HAVE
A BIG EXHIBIT
Representation at the
State Fair.
APPEAL TO SUPERVISORS
THE BOARD OF AGRICULTURE
TAKES ACTION.
President A. B. Spreckels Gives Rea
f one Why the Metropolis Should
Make a Good Showing
This Year-
An urgent appeal has been made to the
Board of Supervisors by the State Board
of Agriculture, to secure proper represen
tation of the city's industries at the State
Fair to be held in Sacramento next fall.
The reason why such representation from
the State's metropolis should be made are
set forth at length and will no doubt re
ceive proper consideration at the hands
of the board. The appeal comes to the
board in the form of a communication
from A. B. Spreckels, president of the
State Board of Agriculture, and is aa
follows:
May 19, 1899.
To the Board of Supervisors— Gentlemen: At
a recent meeting ot the State Agricultural
Society It was determined to communicate
with the Boards of Supervisors of the various
counties and tv request them to have prepared
an exhibit of the agricultural products and
resources of their respective counties.
The directors desire to give the State Fair
a State character and to make it as broadly
useful to every section of the State as pos
sible; to make It a medium for the supplying
of agricultural and industrial Information, the
promotion of Internal developments and the
encouragement of desirable Immigration.
The usual attendance at a State Fair Is very
large, and a great number of persons from
abroad who are contemplating locating or in
vesting In this State, or who might be in
duced to locate or invest here, come to the
State FRir to view the products of our State
and to determine her agricultural and indus
trial possibilities. To the end that our great
variety ot products should be given proper
display and that accurate and reliable evi
dence may be given of the special products
of each section of the Staff, the directors de
sire that an exhibit of the products of each
county be prepared by the Board of Super
visors of eacfi county for exhibition at the
appioacning State Ifair.
A separate of the Exhibition Pa
vilion will be set apart for these county ex
hibits, which will t.e set up by the society
without expense, and a proper and qualified
attendant will be put in charge who will pre
sent and explain in detail to travelers and
the general public. If the county, or any
Board of Trade, Immigration Society or Cham
ber of Commerce organized within It desire
to supply any literature or printed matter for
distribution In connection with this display,
it will be so distributed by the person in
charge. If the county or any county organ
ization should desire to employ a special at
tendant for its exhibit no objection will be
made.
As to the character and extent of the county
exhibits, the boar.l desires that this should
be left entirely to the discretion of the county
authorities making the exhibit. The exhibit
should contain samples or displays of the
leading and most valuable products of the re
spective counties. This could be done with
such simplicity or elaboration as the re
sources of' the board necessitate. It can be
made very .small and inexpensive or It may
be made much more extensive and costly. In
your county, for example, your people are
largely Interested in fruit, green, dried and
preserved; raisins, wines, wheat, barley, corn,
hay, alfalfa, hops, dairy produce, etc. Sam
ples of these products, of such size and ex
tent, mounted or prepared in such manner as
your taste and Judgment dictate, would form
a sufficient representation of your agricultural
wealth.
These exhibits, when properly prepared, will
be or primary and principal importance to
the county making them, but when all pre
pared will constitute an industrial and agri
cultural man of California and will be of
such general benefit that It is to be hoped
that every county will, with proper public
spirit, contribute its share.
Th« State Board of Agriculture very much
defiirer that you should give this" matter such
attention as It requires, and fhat you will
do so at a sufficiently early day to provide
for the collection of all the different articlf-s
in proper season. The cost of the collection
by you will be very small Indeed. You can
make it as small as the resources at your
command necessitate. The society will at
tend to Its mounting and display and will
provide for Its explanation and presentation
to the greatest possible number of spectators.
Hoping that your board will take this mat
ter up at your earliest convenience and notify
the society of your favorable action. I am.
Yours respectfully. A. B. SPRECKELS.
President.
PETER J. SHIELDS,
Secretary.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
RBPRKSENTATIVES — Subscriber,
Santa Maria. Cal. The State of New York
has thirty-four Representatives in Con
gress. Rhode Island nas two.
RATNFALL— J. H. V. D. H., City. The
records of the Weather Bureau show that
the rainfall for the season of 1897 was
23.43 inches and for 1898 was 9.38 inches In
California. __^__
NATIONAL HOLIDAY— C. 8., City.
The reason that there us no national holi
ti.i.v in the United States is that Congress
has never passed an aot declaring that
any particular day shall be a national
holiday.
SAGE IN CALIFORNIA— M.. City. The
common or garden sage can be cultivated
in any part of California, and it will grow
to such an extent that it may be difficult
to eradicate.
NOT EXEMPT— R. L., Sacramento,
Cal. "Exempt militia men holding hon
orable discharges" are not exempt from
the payment of .poll tax in California, un
less above 00 years of age.
ROOSEVELT— E. Y. T.. Eureka, Cal.
The name of Governor Theodore Roose
velt of New York is pronounced as if
written "Ros-velt." with the "o" sounded
as that letter is in move and the "c"
sounded as in met.
BORAX SOAP— I. O. F., Crows Land-
Ing, Cal. The following Is given as a
method of making borax soap: Borax in
fine powder, one ounce; honey or Windsor
soap, one pound; mix by either beating
in a mortar or by gentle heat.
OLD PEOPLE'S HOME- B. T., City.
Applicants for admission to the Old Peo
ple's Home at the corner of Pierce and
Pine streets in this city should apply in
person or by letter to the superintendent,
who will furnish a circular of Informa
tion. _____
ANNUAL. WORK-8., North Bloomfleld.
Cal. A miner who resides on his claim
and performs the annual amount of as
sessment work is not required to make
an annual record thereof, but if he does,
and there is< nothing to hinder him from
so doing, It is proof 'hut he has done that
work.
TO BKCOME MASTER— Subscriber,
Santa Rosa. Cat. A young- man whose
ambition is to becorrle master of a hay
or ocean vessel must in the first place
study navigation. He should go to some
school of navigation and there he will be
informed as to the character of books he
would have to procure.
SEQUENCE IN CRIBBAGE— H. S.,
City. The law of cribbage says that if
there is a break in the sequence of cards
played, and in the subsequent play the
break is filled up without the interven
tion of a card out of sequence order, the
player completing the sequence is en
titled to a score of one for each card
of It.
NAVIES OF THE WORLD— G. K. M..
Hollister, Cal. The navies of the world,
as to ships, rank as follows: Great Brit
ain, RS3; France, 317; ... a States. 249-
Russia. 109- Italy. 91: Japan, 90: Germany,
77; Spain, 73; Netherlands. 72 Austria-Hun
gary. 49; Norway. 41; Chile, 3S; Sweden,
37; Greece, 27; Denmark, 24; Turkey, 23;
China. 17; Argentine Republic, o.
TO ENTERTAIN
THE SAGES OF
AGRICULTURE
Distinguished Experts
to Be Welcomed.
WILL REQUIRE OVER $3000
NO SIGHT-SEEING— STUDY WILL
BE THEIR PASTIME.
An Interesting Itinerary That In
cludes a Glimpse of Every Branch
of Agriculture Represented
in California.
The work of preparing a reception to
the Association of American Agricultural
Colleges, which will meet here early in
July, was well started yesterday in the
rooms of the Chamber of Commer*.
Notices had been sent to all thejmem
bere to attend a meeting to discuss plans
of procedure, and before it closed a well
defined idea had been formulated for the
two committees that were appointed.
Mayor Phelan presided and Professor
Jaffa, assistant professor at the Univer
sity of California, explained the purpose
of the meeting. He showed what an ad
vertisement for California the convention
would be if the members of it were only
given an opportunity to study conditions
of agriculture in this State. He said there
had been planned a trip of perhaps a
thousand miles, which would lake in
Sonoma, Napa, Sacramento, Santa Clara
and San JoaQuin valleys. The railroad
had offered a rate of $1 a mile for the
special, and had offered to stop the train
anywhere where it would not interfere
with general traffic. Mr. Foster of the
San Francisco and North Pacific Rail
road had also made an offer of transpor
tation. He would give a special for the
Sonoma Valley.
Professor Jaffa estimated that there
would at least 150 in the party, and the
trips planned would take eight or nine
days. Mr. Mills supplemented Professor
Jaffa's remarks with a few suggestions
as to the itinerary. His idea was to take
the visitors to the great centers of in
dustry, such as Chico for harvesting,
Napa' for deciduous fruits, Salinas for
beet sugar, Orovllle for citrus fruits, Ba
i kersfield for irrigation and Marin for
dairying. It was understood Los Angeles
and the south would look after the trav
elers south of Tehachapi.
A. C. Darby, president of the Board of
! Trade of San Jose, was on hand to offer
the co-operation of San Jose in any plan
for entertainment.
It was decided to appoint a committee
on arrangements and one on finance. They
! were made up as follows:
Arrangements— Professor Jaffa, J. A.
Filcher, Colonel E. A. Denicke, E. F.
Adams. H. H. Taylor, A. C. Darby. Cap
tain Nelson, a professor from Stanford
i University to be selected and the Mayor
1 ex offlcio.
Finance— Prentiss Smith, T. J. Parsons,
1 Julian Sonntag. E. B. Pond, Archie
I Schmidt, A. S. Baldwin, Leroy Nicol, A.
I Sbarboro, Charles Bundschu and the
j Mayor ex officio.
Professor Jaffa was named secretary of
j the main organization. He will establish
' headquaners at room 4, second floor. Mills
j building.
It has been decided that there will be
! but little sightseeing. The visitors will
j come to learn, and it is considered that
! in giving them an opportunity to do so
I they will be best entertained. It will take
. at leaßt $3000 to properly care for them.
I The Mayor has already subscribed $200
j and H. H. Taylor $100. The finance com
mittee will attend to the collection of the
i remainder.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
L. T. Doan. a Los Angeles hotel man
is at the Grand.
H. H. Harlow. a mining man of Gold
Gulch, is registered at the Grand.
Thomas E. Wall, a prominent jeweler
of Honolulu, is among the guests at the
Occidental.
H. J. Small, master mechanic of the
Southern Pacific at Sacramento, arrived
yesterday and is at the Grand.
F. S. Lyman. a wealthy planter of Hllo,
H. 1., and Miss Esther Lyman arrived in
this city yesterday and are stopping at
the Occidental.
W. M. Gifford. manager of W. G. Irwin
& Co., the big merchants of Honolulu, ar
rived yesterday and will remain some
time at the Occidental Hotel.
J. Alfred Magoon. with his wife and
three children, is stopping at the Occi
dental. Mr. Magoon is a prominent law
yer of Honolulu and will spend some time
in doing California.
Charles Erickson of San Luis Obispo
was among yesterday's arrivals at the
Grand. Mr. Erickson 's a well-known rail
road contractor, who has been handling
Southern Pacific work ort the "gap" for
some months past.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 23.— W. J. Dutton
of San Francisco is at the Arlington; A.
i Hock of San Francisco is at the St.
! James; C. R. Nevins of San Francisco is
; at Chamberlain's.
CALITORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 23.-A. Schilling and
i John H. Wheeler, of San Francisco, are
:at the Plaza; A Stern of San Francisco
I is at the Rivera; W. E. Lester and wife
of San Francisco are at the Holland; F.
S. Hartman of Los Angeles is at the Hoff
man. Mrs. Charles McLaughlin and Miss
Marie Laughlin, of San Francisco, were
passengers on the Servta, sailing for Liv
i erpool to-day.
ACCUSED OF ROBBERY.
Allan Kane and Charles F. Wilson, |
Two Soldiers, Detained in the
City Prison.
Allan Kane and Charles F. Wilson, two
soldiers, appeared before Judge Mogan !
yesterday to answer a charge of disturb- |
ing the peace. They were arrested Mon
day night by Policemen Flynn and Me- |
Grayan. and at the request of the officers
they were ordered into custody and their i
bonds raised to $500 each.
Yesterday morning Mrs. Nyhan, 2043^ !
Harrison street, called at the City Prison '■
and said her sun. Timothy, had been j
robbed by two soldiers the previous night i
of a purse containing $7(/. They had at
tempted to cut his throat before robbing
him and cut his lip. She was sent to
Judge Megan's court and repeated her >
story, and the Judge accordingly in- !
creased the bonds of the two soldiers, as
they were suspected of committing the
robbery.
Detectives Graham and Fitzgerald of
the Mission were detailed on the case and
called at Mrs. Nyhan's house to gel Tim
othy to go with them to the prison to Me
if he could identify the soldiers, but Tim
othy complained that he was sick, and |
begged to be excused until this morning, j
The soldiers laugh at the robbery story,
and the detectives do not place much cre
dence in it. as Timothy has been in trou
ble with the police himself, and they as
certained that he had taken the money I
from his mother.
■ » ■
Yesterday's Insolvents. |
Henry Tejen, Alameda, $1593, no assets;
Asa F. Leopold, formerly of Crystal Falls,
Mich.. {25.000. no assets.
GAS COMPANY
WILL APPEAL
TO THE COURTS
Afraid Its Bills Will
Not Be Paid.
LIGHTS MAY BE SHUT OFF
DESPERATE MEASURES NOW ON
THE PROGRAMME.
The Corporation Would Restrain the
Board of Supervisors From Us
ing Money in the Street
Light Fund.
The action taken by the Board of Su
pervisors Monday in again deferring final
authorization for the payment of the bills
of the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company bids fair to force the hand of
the corporation because of the fact that
there is a strong probability that there
will be an attempt to dispose of the
money in the fund used for the payment
of the city's light bills before the present
■contest between the minority and the ma
jority in the board is adjusted. Should
this be done the company will be left with
unpaid light bills amounting in round fig
ures to $185,000 on its hands at the end of
the fiscal year. As the debts contracted
in one fiscal year cannot be paid out of
the funds of another year the corporation
would be left without recourse and the
sum named would represent a net loss.
Finding themselves face to face with
this serious proposition the officials inti
mated yesterday that they would have
recourse to one or both of two alterna
tives. One is that they will apply to the
courts for an injunction to restrain the
Board of Supervisors from transferring
money from the street light fund to any
other fund or for any other purpose than
that of paying the city's light bills. The
other is that they will shut off all of the
city's gas and electric lights and leave
the community in darkness.
This latter course would have the effect
of bringing about an action that would
result in an order of court directing the
gas company to continue to serve the city
with gas and electric light pending a legal
settlement of the controversy. Pending
such determination through legal chan
nels the bills of the company would prob
ably be paid by order of court, such or
ders being payable out of any funds in
the city treasury. In this manner the
corporation would at least insure to itself
the payment of its light bills for the bal
ance of the fiscal year. It is not believed,
however, that this course will be adopted
for the reason that it would tend to preju
dice public opinion against the gas com
pany.
It is certain that the gas company will
take such legal steps as may be deemed
recessary to prevent the Board of Super
visors from disposing of the money in
the street light fund. If this is done the
authorizations for the payment of the
company's bills for November. December,
January. February and March will be
passed and they will then be vetoed by
the Mayor. This will give the corpora
tion the opportunity to apply to the courts
for the fixing of The legal rate to be paid
for gas. ________^____
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Sentenced for Vagrancy.
Nellie Murphy, the notorious pickpocket,
was yesterday sentenced to three months
in the County Jail by Judge Mogan on
the charge of vagrancy. She has also to
stand her trial before the Superior Court
on a charge of grand larceny, having been
held to answer on Monday by Acting Po
lice Judge Groezinger.
A Work of Art.
The new book, '•Wonderland," Just issued
by the Northern Pacific Ry. Co., is the pret
tiest publication issued by any railway com
pany this year. It is full of beautiful half-ton«
Illustrations, and contains besides a well writ
ten description of a trip taken over this finely
equipped line, including a trip through th«
' wonderful Yellowstone Park. Send 6c In
j stamps and It will be mailed to you. T. K.
| Stateler, Gen. Agt., 638 Market st., San Fran
i CISCO.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup 1 *
Has be«n used for fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes th» child, softens
the rams, allays Pain, cures Wind Colio. reg
ulates the Bowel* and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
glow's Sooth Ins: Syrup, J6c a bottle.
Bock Island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further information,
address CLINTON JONES, General Agent
Rock Island Railway, 624 Market St.. 8. F.
HOTEL. DEL. CORON ADO— Take advantars
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per da:'. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Whbn the hair is thin and gray Pabker's Haib
Bai.Bam renews the growth and color.
Hindkkcobxs, the best cure for corns. 15 Ota.
Burglary in the City Hall.
The office of Prosecuting Attorney Car
penter In the City Hall was entered by a
burglar Sunday night and an overcoat,
book and a pair of rubbers belonging to
Dr. Sarsfield, the German Interpreter,
were stolen. The burglar effected an en
trance by forcing open the window that
opens on the esplanade running around
the central court. It is supposed it is the
same burglar that broke into the Sheriff's
office.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Mitchell says in diffi-
cult cases of Anemia, he adds
cod-liver oil half an hour
after each meal and he likes
to use it in an emulsion ; that
he has watched with grow-
ing surprise some listless,
feeble, creature gathering
flesh, color and wholesome-
ness of mind and body from
this treatment.
"Scott's Emulsion" is cod-
liver oil combined with hv-
pophosphites. It regenerates
tissue, invigorates the nerves
and brain, enriches the blood
and adds fat and strength.
50c. and £t.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE. CheiuUis, New York.CORRIGAN IS CHARGED
WITH EMBEZZLEMENT
Set Forth in a Suit Filed by
Daniel McCarty*
Facts Which Prove That the Late Czar of
Ingieside Is Not to Be Trusted Even
by Associates.
ther man hns discovered that I l-
Corrigan, lare Czar (if Ingleslde. is
a dis] "gold bricks;" also that
rd is not a man of his word; that
he would take advantage of an associate
with agility and precision equal to
that with which he fleeces the inexperi
enced of their hard-earned wealth. Smt
was filed yesterday by Daniel McCarty, |
the i wner of the white plug hat,
rrigan to recover <10,700 'lam
ror the illegal withholding of a
led horse and :he illegal mlsappro- :
m, or, in other words, embezzlement I
if various sums of money. The facts of
the case which led up to the filing of the j
re best told in the language of the '
laint, which, stripped of its legal ;
alleges that on the 10th day of
mber, 1888, the plaintiff, McCarty,
red to the defendant, Corrigan, ai
known as Credo, which belonged to
irty, and which waa ol the value of i
be by Corrijjin safely and secure
pt and trained by him for the pur
of racing and to be returned and re- ,
to McCarty, which Corigan
promised and undertook to do. The horse :
to be run on cert i!n raretrack?. Me- j
reeing to pay Corrigan the ,
. ; - ■ ■ in for the care, cus- ;
•mining: of the animal. MoCar
greed with Corrigan that all moneys
ng In or arising from the hire or !
horse received from ag- ;
:■ s, racetracks or corpora- .
or Individuals, running or controil
ing any racetrack, should be divided ac
i • ,'ment. The horse did at
n certain races which .
• in the city and county of San
Francisco at the Ingietlde racetrack. The :
horse was entered In the name of Edward '
ban without McCarty'B consent and j
™an received as premiums or purses I
im of $700, which said amount he j
retains. McCarty demanded of Cor- '
. the return of the hor6e with the
f money that was due to him. which
then and is now in the possession of
lant. McCarty further alleges
y the retention of the horse by Cor
rigan he haa suffered damage in the sum '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lal &-' '* da'Sß' I s"»\ SBi
80 Bad that Water Would Ooze Out
and Itrop on the Floor. Hands
Full of Water Blisters. Doctor
Could Not Relieve. First Applica-
tion of CUTICURA Stopped Itch -
Ing and Induced Sleep. Cured in
One Month.
I had eczema on my hands so bad that when I
(hut them, the matter would ooze out and drop
en the floor. My hands were full of water blis-
ters of a white color. I was under the care of a
doctor for 'Out a month, but he did me good.
I was advised to try CuTtt'UlU remedies, and
did so, end it was wonderful what effect they
had. Tbejtrtt application stopped that dreadful
itching. I slept at once, was cured in fourvcetks.
March 21, "83. M. A. COSGRIFF, Emerado, N. D.
BABY'S FACE MASS OF SORES
When my little sister was four months old her
cheeks became red and inflamed. Small pimples
broke out over her face and It was one mass of
•cabs, which almost closed her eyes and reached
Into the corners of her mouth. For several
weeks a physician attended her, but, kbe derived
little or no benefit from bis tr^mient. We
bought a cake of CuTicts^ Soap and a box of
Cctictjra (ointment) . Her face healed . she grew
healthy again. K(>3A BUKGKII, Solomon, Kan.
BEGIN WITH THE BLOOD
CunrrßA Treatment begins with the blood
aid ends with the skin, scalp, and hair. That is to
■ay, Cuticcka Resolvent, the new blood and
kin purifK-rand greatest of humor cure*, purities
the blood and circulating Holds of humor germs,
ami thus removes the cautt, while warm baths
with Com Soap and gentle anointings with
Cuticura (ointment), greatest of rmollient skin
cures, cleanse the skin and scalp of crueta and
scales, allay itching, burni-2, and latlimmatlon,
Bcothe and heal, thus completing the cure.
Bold throughout the world. Potttii D. C. Corp., Sole
' Propi.. Bo»ton. tar " How to Cure Eczema.." free.
BABY'S SKIN T ™ 7^ r -. H :ifled by
000000000000000000
o T «." PALACE "wS
%GRAND
_ SAN FRANCESCO. Q
Connected by a covered passageway. O
° 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE THE PRICES: O
0 European Plan. * l.« per d»y and upward O
n American Plan. $3.00 per day And upward n
" Correspondence Solicited. <J
0 JOHN 0. KIRKPATBICK, Manager. O
QOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOO
PURITY « se /*%
HEALTH wooding fct^m
BEAUTY Facial Cream T^T
Naturally follows the use of WOODBURT'S
Facial Soap and WOODBURY'3 Facial Cream.
Being strictly antlsetic. their cleansing and
purifying effect Is unequalled. For sale every*
where.
DDTTCIJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DilU JilLlJ '"■ bootbl3cks. bath-
w ** houdep. billiard tables.
Growers. riookbind«-r!> candy-makers, canners,
dyer?, .nnills, foundries, laundries, paper-
h»nß«r«. printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen. tnr-rnr.f«>r« •:.n"'T« tailors, etc. v
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacraments 31
DR.MCMJLTY.
qnilS WELL-KNOWN AND BELt A OLD
1 Specialist cur#r« Private, Nervous, ami Blood Uis-
ens<'K O; Men only. Book on FrrraM liiaeaaes and
Weak nesses of Men. free. Over SOy'rfi'pxpprience.
Uj en red a I Hume, Terms reiiKoimhlc HoursO
tn:i<lHliy:!i.i(Oto.S:-'tO pv'(fa..Suii(lHva. to ll. ' ..nmil-
laiion free and sacredly confidential. Call,oraddre3»
F. 11OSCUK Mf\IIiTY ( M.D.
'■HV , Keany He., Man Francisco. Cnl.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
K:;.\"h V AND WASHINGTON BTB.— HB-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
<-O. European plan. Rooms, We to Jl M day;
it to is week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire gratis in every
room; levator runs all night.
lA/. T. HESS,
HOTARY PDBLI3 AND XTTORNET-AT LA*, .
Tenth Floor. Room ... Claus SpreckeU Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, S2X Calif crnla St., below Powell,
Man Francisco.
of $10,700. McCarty performed all the
conditions of the agreement mentioned on
bis pan he alleges, and says that Cor
rigan h till refuses to deliver Credo to him
or pny him the amount of $700 or any
other sum. McCarty further alleges that
the value of the horse is $5000.
McCarty demands judgment against
Corrigan for the recovery and possession
of the horse or for ihe sum of $odoo or the
' value thereof in case the deliverey can
not be had, and for the sum of $10,700
damages and the cost of suit.
Henry I. Kowalsky appears as counsel
for McCarty and says that he will carry
i the matter through to a Judgment.
The papers In the case were served on
Corrigan by D. J. McCarty, son of the
i plaintiff, just as the Ingleslde czar was
Daniel Mccarty.
leaving the city, and to show his con
tempt for the courts Corrigan slapped the
face of the young man. Colonel Kowal
sky will file suit this morning In the
United States Circuit Court in behalf of
young McCarty for $20,000 damages for
the offense.
A. C. RULOFSON'S STORY.
Tells How He Met and Was Adopted
by the Late Captain Hall.
A. C. Rulofson, who alleges himself to
be the adopted son of the late "VVlnslow
G. Hall, was on the stand yesterday In
Judge Belcher's court and gave testimony
in his own behalf in his suit to recover
the entire estate of the* deceased capi
talist.
Rulofson recited in detail the unhappy
life he led with his father and the rea
sons that prompted him to leave home
and tiik>- passage on a sailing
which ultimately led him to mi <t his ul
k-sed adopted father, <"aptain Hall. The
witness testified that after being prom
ised "a good whipping." he threw hla
clothes 'out of the window of the room
In which he was confined and jumped out
after them. He went to the home of a
friend and then went to yea. Subsequent
ly he met Captain Hall, and through an
agreement between that person and his
r he was adopted by the former.
Captain Hall died and left a will in which.
for some reason. Kulofson was not men
; tinned, so he determined to bring the
suit. After giving his testimony the wit
was excused and the cn^e went over
till this morning, at which time the cross
examination will commence.
FIREMEN RESCUE TWO
MEN FROM GAS FUMES
FATHER AND SON NEARLY
ASPHYXIATED.
Mrs. Smith Awakens to Find the
House Filled With the Fluid
and Her Family Un
conscious.
Firemen who proved to be equal to
other emergencies than those of fire res-
I cued C. H. Smith and A. L. Smith, who
■ were nearly overcome by escaping gas
at 1453 Valencia street, early yesterday
morning. Both men were fast becoming
victims of the deadly fumes when the fire
fighters, attracted by the cries of a
"frightened wife and mother, rushed from
the house of engine 13, directly opposite,
and dragging the victims to , the street
restored them to consciousness.
A. L. Smith, who is well advanced in
: years, occupied a room connected with
the back apartments of the house. His
son, C. H. Smith, slept in an adjoining
1 room. About 5 o'clock yesterday morning
Mrs. Smith awoke, nearly stifled by gas. ;
; She attempted to awaken her husband, i
but he could not. move. Entering her '
son's apartments she discovered that a
jet in the center of the room was leaking
and tried to awaken him. He partially !
regained his senses, but soon relapsed
Into a comatose state. Then she rushed
to the front porch, where she cried for
help. .■-■?. -■■'■-■'
James Rlley, James O Connor, J. Mc-
Quade and John Pendergast, all firemen,
1 heard her cries and went to her assist
ance. When they entered the room they
could hardly endure the gas-laden atmos
phere. They. threw open the windows and
pulled the men outside. Both were un- |
conscious, and it required some effort to
resuscitate them. After dispatching Of
-1 fleer Potter for Dr. Coffey at 11-12 Valen
cia street the firemen worked hard and j
soon had the men out of danger. When |
the physician arrived hp administered i
restoratives and his patients were able to |
be about last evening. .
Caroline Kusel Defeated.
The action of Caroline Kusel against
lier husband. 8. A. Kusel. was decided by
Judge Murasky yesterday, the court hold-
Ing that th«> plaintiff was not entitled to
the relief prayed for. Mrs. Kusel h*t her
husband according to agreement, and
Judge Murasky decided that such course
was not in keeping with public policy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 24, 1899.
He decided that in event Mrs. Kusel was
not driven from her home through the
cruel treatment of her husband or other
wise she should return, otherwise she
could not recover a judgment for main
tenance.
HAS FOUND A FRIEND.
Colonel Henry Moore, the Old Miner
Arrested for Vagrancy, Gets
His Freedom.
Colonel Henry Moore, miner and ex
attache of the Shah of Persia, has found
a friend, and yesterday Judge Mogan. af
ter admonishing him not to beg on Mont
gomery street any more, allowed him to
go, with the promise that if he again
found himself in absolute want he would
give him an order to admit him to the
Almshouse.
Yesterday morning the Judge received
a letter from Frank Van Tassel. 368 Elev
enth street, who said he had been a miner
in Western Australia, and added: "Please
send Colonel Moore to me and I will as
sist him, as I know he is telling the
truth." The old miner got Van Tassel' 3
address and said he would call upon him.
He seemed delighted to find that his story
of his experiences in Coolgardle. Western
Australia, had been corroborated.
Druidesses Elect Officers.
El Dorado Circle of the U. A. O. D. at
its last held meeting elected the following
as us officers for the current term: John
Goßch, P. A. D.; Mrs. Thornhill, A. D.;
Mrs. Godeau, F. B.; Miss Fabbri, 8. B.;
Mrs Wessell, T. ; Mrs. Muir, S. ; Miss
Aced, I. G. ; M. Olmedo, O. G.; Mrs. Hei
den, conductress; Miss Wessell, organ
ist; Dr. Artigues, physician. The new
officers were installed by John Hutton,
district deputy.
■ ♦ ■
Point for Mary M. Morrisey,
Judge Murasky yesterday overruled the
demurrer of the Board of Education to
the complaint of Mary M. Morrisey, who
seekß to be reinstated to her position as
teacher in th© John Swett Grammar
School. In its demurrer the board al
leged that it had arbitrarily closed the
school in question, but the court held that
the board could not arbitrarily put an end
to the existence of a school; it must have
cause. The demurrer was therefore over
ruled and the board given ten days to
answer.
THE EMBANKMENT
THROUGH THE MARSH
STATEMENT OF GENERAL MAN
AGER KRUTTSCHNITT.
The Condition of the Track on the
Alaxneda Marsh in No Respect
Dangerous.
CARD TO THE PUBLIC.
The settling of the embankment of
the South Pacific Coast road in the
marsh on the south shore of San Lean
dro Bay, to which considerable atten
tion has been given of late by the press,
does not introduce any element of dan
ger in the operation of trains, and, but
for some slight delay that was experi
enced on two or three occasions, would
no doubt have passed without notice.
In throwing up the embankment the
i builders of the road excavated ditches
i In the marsh, leaving little or no space
between them and the toe of the slope
ito support the bank. The action of the
1 tides in running through these side
ditches has prevented them from filling
i up, as would otherwise have been the
case, and the settling that has recently
taken place was no doubt immediately
caused by the recent ballasting of the
| piece of track in question, increasing
somewhat the height and weight of the
embankment.
On the first signs of trouble watch
men were placed on duty and never at
any time was there the slightest danger
of trains running into the sink. When
i ever settling took place temporary re
! pairs were made and the work now in
I progress is sufficiently well advanced to
warrant the expectation that the
trouble at that point will be perma
nently remedied. The remedy Is a very
; simple one. The Bide or borrow ditches
will be damned to prevent the forward
and backward rush of tide waters, after
which they will be tilled up with stone
and other heavy material to balance
the weight of the embankment and pre
vent subsidence. This remedy, which
has proven entirely successful in num
bers of similar cases of settling on
other parts of the company's lines, will
be applied wherever there are signs of
possible settlement, and this statement
is made for the purpose of assuring the
I public, our patrons, who are using the
i line in question, that they run no risk
of accident. No train is permitted to
cross the repaired track without sig
nals from the watchman, and, should
a subsidence, through remote possibil
ity, take place under a passing train,
the speed is so slow that accident would
be impossible.
The trouble in question is by no
j means unusual. It has been experi-
I enced in the marshes between Benicia
and Suisun ami between Port Costa and
Antioch, in this State; in the marshes
I bordering on the Atchafalaya River,
! nnd in the trembling prairies or
i marshes bordering on Bayou dcs Alle
i mands in Louisiana. In most of these
cases, whore the sinks were far more
serious and extensive than the one in
the Alameda marsh, the same method
of treatment was applied. In no case
did any accident happen, although the
I train movements were very much
heavier than on the South Pacific Coast
Railway. J. KRUTTBCHNITT.
Fourth Vice President and General
Manager, Southern Pacific Company.
I San Francisco, Cal., May 23, 1899. I
JOINING OF THE
ISSUES IN THE
GAS RATE CASE
William B. Hooper
Files His Answer.
REFUSES TO PAY THE DEMAND
ALLEGES THAT THE NEW BATH
IS THE LEGAL ONE.
Other Points Are Brought Out in the
Pleadings That Will Result in a
Thorough Trial of the
Suit.
Issues have be«n Joined In the action of
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany against William B. Hooper, pro
prietor of the Occidental Hotel, to re
cover $631 40 alleged to be due for gas
consumed during the month of April at
the rate of $1 75 a thousand feet. An an
swer was filed yesterday by Mr. Hooper
in which he denies owing the company
the amount claimed, t*ie defendant set
ting forth the Jl 10 a thousand rate, re- I
cently adopted by the Supervisors for the I
ensuing fiscal year, as the proper charge,
and, after bringing in various collateral
matters, which will result in an adjudi
cation of the case to the satisfaction of
all concerned, prays to be dismissed with
his costs.
The answer reads:
For a first and separate defense, defendant
denies that tha_ gas mentioned In the com
plaint was furnished, supplied, sold or delivered
by the plaintiff at the rate of »1 75 per one
thousand cubic feet, or at any great«r rate or
more than $1 10 per one thousand cubic feet, i
and denies that defendant promised to pay for
said gas the turn of $631 40, or any sum or !
I amount greater than $1 10 per one thousand
| cubic feet, to wit, the aggregate sum of »39S 88,
and denies that any account was ever stated
I between plaintiff and defendant at all.
For a second and separate defense defendant
alleges:
I. That the gae mentioned In the complaint
was illuminating gas of the standard quality
and Illuminating power of not more than seven
| teen candles, and was furnished by plaintiff
! to defendant In the city and county of San
Francisco after the third day of April. 1899.
11. That during all the times mentioned
In the complaint and at all times on and since
March 4, I^TS, there was not and there still
are not any public works owned or controlled
I hy the municipality, the city and county of
i San Francisco, for supplying the said municl
] pality with artificial light, and during all the
said times last mentioned the plaintiff and Its
I predecessors In Interest was and were and has
been and have been and plaintiff still le a
company and corporation Incorporated under
the laws of the State of California for supply
ing snld municipality, and the inhabitants
thereof, with artificial light and for the pur
pose of supplying gas for the us* of said city
and county of San Francisco and its inhab
itants; and during ail of said last mentioned
times, under the direction of the Superintend
ent of Streets of said city and county of San I
Francisco, and under general regulations rre- j
scribed by the said municipality and by the i
Roard of Supervisors and legislative authority |
thereof, the plaintiff or Its predecessors in In
terest had had and used and during all the ;
same times has and have had and used and
plaintiff still has and uses the prlvllere of
' using the public streets and thoroughfares of
{ said municipality, and of laying down pipes
, and conduits theretn. and connections tner*-
I with, so far as was and might be or may be
; nr le necessary' f°r Introducing Into and supply-
Ing said city and county and Its Inhabitants
' with gas light and other Illuminating light: t
and during all the said times the pipes and i
mains ut said plaintiff have been and still are j
laid down in the streets and highways of smld j
city and county of San Francisco for th« pur
pose of supplying gas for the use of said city
and the inhabitants thereof.
111. That during all the times last mentioned
the said city and oounty of San Francisco \
has been and still Is a city having a population •
I of more than ltO.'XiO Inhabitants, and that on '
April 3, 1899, the Board of Supervisors of said j
city and county of San Francisco duly made i
; a resolution and determination whereby said
board determined and fixed the standard qual
; lty and Illuminating power of gas to be fur-
Dished by any company or corporation whose ;
pipes nr mains wer* then or should thereafter '
b# laid down In the streets or highways of ;
such city for the purpose of supplying gas for j
the use of such rity and for the Inhabitants '■
• thereof at seventeen candles, and whereby It
d<>t»rmlned and fixed and established the mam- |
■ mum rate and price for each 1000 cubic feet i
I of such gas to be charged therefor by any such |
I company or corporation at $1 10 per 1000 cubic ;
feet, and no mor«.
IV. That the said resolution of the Board of
Burervlpors was In full force and effect dur- I
Ing all times when the gas alleged In the com- I
plaint to have been furnished, supplied, sold j
and delivered to defendant was furnished,
supplied, sold and delivered to defendant.
Whereof defendant demands Judgment, that
he be hence dismissed with his costs of suit.
It is plain that all questions upon which |
the ripht of the company to still demand
the old rate of $1 75 a thousand feet is
based will he determined through the
points brought up in this answer.
MERCHANTS' PICNIC.
—
Proceeds Will Be Donated to the Chil
dren's Hospital. '
At a recent meeting of the wholesale
merchants of San Francisco It was agreed
to hold an annual picnic at El Campo on
I Saturday, June 10, 1899.
Saturday being a half business day
gives an opportunity for the employes and
their families to attend. A number of the |
business houses will close entirely. The >
| first boat will leave at 9:30 a. m., and for •
J those who cannot leave their business or '•■
| employment at that time It has been de
j cided to have another depart at 1 p. m.
Both will return at about 5:30 p. m. A j
large number of gate and game prizes
are offered.
Round trip .tickets have been reduced to
50 cents; children 25 cents. Any surplus !
derived from the picnic will be devoted
to the Children's Hospital.
The officers and committees are as fol
lows: 'President, H. M. Campe; vice presi
dent, H. D. Loveland; secretary, Charles
' J. King; treasurer, J. A. Folger; honorary !
i vice presidents— Jacob I-evi Jr., Thomas
! Kirkpatrick Fred H. Hllbert, William F.
Mau.-John Caffrey, Charles F. Thierbach, I
R. E. Starr, James Dunn. Charles A. Bon, j
V. E. Nelson, J. Stulz, William Cluff, F.
E. Brigham, M. Ehrman, A. Hromada, ■
John McCarthy, Ed Abramson, D. F. !
O'Callaghan. Louis Fishbeck, Thomas E.
Dunne, Phil Teller and J. T. Hurley.
Genera] committee of arrangements— H.
M. Campe. Frank Tyler, Fred IX. Hillmer,
Charles J. King, W. A. Schultz Jr., T. J.
Harris, D. Ross, H. D. Loveland, A. W.
Melgs, H. Levenson and Abe Green.
The following are the chairmen of com-
I mittees: Transportation." T. J. Harris;
music, F. H. Tyler; printing, Fred L. Hill
-1 mer; prizes, A. W. Meigs; police and
press, W. A. Schultz Jr.; on closing, H. D.
Loveland; on games, P. J. Kennedy;
aquatic sports, E. Ross. : ■".
Tickets can be procured from any of the
general committee or any of the whole
sale houses represented.
Lost or Kept the Money.
T. J. Parsons of the Del Monte Milling
Company swore to a complaint in Acting
Police Judge Groezinger's court yesterday
for the arrest of rharles F. Deane, an
ex-clerk with the company, on the charge
of misdemeanor embezzlement. It is al
leged that on March 30 Deane collected a
bill amounting to $36 05 from Ernest
Haquette, a saloon-keeper at 16 Post
! street, and got drunk on the proceeds,
' which led to his discharge. The com
pany's collector went to Ilaquette on May
17 to collect the bill and ascertained that
Deane had collected it. Deane was called
upon at his residence, and said the money
I had been stolen from him.
A Distinguished Guest.
Congressman L,oud accompanied Second
Aseistnt Postmaster-General W. S. Shal
lenberger yesterday on an excursion to
San Jose and other points of Interest in
the Santa Clara Valley. To-day Mr. Shal
lenberger will be taken on a trip around
the bay.
"Pejjamold" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
■ampl« bottle 26c. Pegamoid, S3 Chronicle blig,*
_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
$of Women \
I pgg ßiJßS^iSsBfeis^Easa^B3Bf Lydia E. Pinkham s
f 1 IHr^^S 'PI/ I ev^ ence °^ t^ l^ s s forth-
I 1 Br '"^^^ / 1 com^ n S"- R ea d the follow-
be hard to explain to you my con-
! '(^^^^^^ was a great sufferer from kidney 0
*9 will I I \u\ V^l * n c morn^ n S was a^ways tired
MlilH I\\'\ « 1 and s^ ee P>"« an(^ never felt like
fjMm f I I\\ \ V ' Compound I feel like a new
L KIWII woman - I sleep well at night,
HHf rv^ I A all*? an(^ can wor^ a^ a y without that tT
I WIJ v m feel thankful for the benefit we
Wf I . M 1f m firs. F. H. Allen, 419 Nebraska
L 1 I' ilia venue » Toledo, Ohio, writes :
BFlilTH»lff"llliia **"i\ ' /' i mv husband I had great &
ty^HBfwnll§T'^- —^^r^r^\ n Vollrs ant^ c ot me a &
* /* v^ v Wi\i^^^/ ott^ e; am now on m y fourth jw
( bottle. I feel that I am entirely
K^^^^^^V?f C^^T^^ cured. I can work all day. I can
O^T^U^^wSS^^^lyml k ar^y realize that such a wonder-
ful cure is possible. Lydia E. jC
'^vT^n'^ ' /ill Pi ll^ 3111 ' 5 Vegetable Compound V
J ' ■'!' •^MSEiP'I ' 'vS^^Tasl * S tiie best me^ c^ ne for women."
W&B%&XW6S S Mi *s LockhartTells How $
W^^^m^^Mi Her Life Was Saved. #
Wtfi&fi^^ll^^/ §^(^ "Dear Mrs. Pinkham: I cannot ®>
W! t/TnSuffi\My/ li^k w ex P ress m y gratitude to you for
j//f/J/Ma^/^^y^ the good that L y dia E * P ink bam's
fe^cW^R^^^V^^^^^. Vegetable Compound has done
B^k^^^^^Sr^^^^^^^TO f° r me * I have taken five bottles ra*
B^^j^^^^^^s-"*^ °f c Compound and two boxes
|||^^Bk^^"S *" "*<" °f Liver Pills and feel better in jjw
KtllPgff^h;- S *\^ every respect. I had suffered for W^
MmhH|»^ :^^ < * < * <; "^h-^mb years with dropsy, caused by &
W^RmaßJix^ 0^ -»— \?c *^H the pressure of the water. I had JS
p|KjPS^^^|C «rg} the worst kind of kidney trouble, ,
S^B^^^fl^S^^4r. »-^^ fainting spells, and I could not
stand long at a time. I also had $
1^ female weakness and the doctor Tk
--s sa^ th ere was a tumor in my left >T
S^K«|^M^^^^^kl handed me a little book of yours,
from the first bottle - The bloat -
l^^^^^^^^^tP^^^^^ * n S and tlie tumors aye all S one Za
Hiss N. J. Lockhart, Box 16,
s \s^^^^^KaHH Mrs* Archambo Took $
M^S^fi Mrs ' Pinkham's A
)l\w/((\llji\!^^P^fe\)>°/)UL\i\jJ "Dear Mrs. Pinkham: For two W
. VT years I felt tired and so weak and fw
dizzy tbat some days l could
i^immri^^^mfS^^^^ks^SsSAaS^ hardly go around the house.
Backache and headache all the time and my food would not &
£j$ digest and had such pains in the womb, was troubled with |£j>
leucorrhoea and kidneys were affected. After birth of each
child I grew weaker, and hearing so much of the good you V^
& had done, I wrote to you and have taken six bottles of Lydia &
gfr E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, one box of Lozenges, one
]x box of Liver Pills, one package of Sanative Wash, and to-day
v* lam feeling as well as I ever did." firs. Salina Archambo, V*
&m Charlemont, flass. ' ($
X Derangement of the feminine organs quickly fT
*%? affect the kidneys, and suffering women should I?
write fully to Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., 9
& and get her prompt reply without charge. $*
5 Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- 5
£ pound— A Woman's Remedy 4
-'"C I*7 > ■ 111 4^9
r for Woman Ills. *r
«£SX/v ? '^^Bv A '° more won
lj&m3i»£L^&Sr Hoops or Steel Springs.
H^*&^BW^-- Rupture retained with fase
fl^-*nuK?»^iiii(l comfort, and thousands radl-
B jBC^- cal 'y CURED by DR. PIERCES
% /J3 Magnetic Elastic Truss. (C^Call at
office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1. ■■■-."
j MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 Market st., opP. Palace Hotel, Ban Francisco
r-MlilAfJiWH
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S- CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Fuis, J. EBPIC ; N«w York, E. FOUQERA t CO.
- BOLD BT ALL. DBUOCJISTa
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.). MAY 24.
Parquet, any seat, Hoc; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
THE SENSATION OF THE DAY.
MOUNG TOON
AND
MOUNG chet,
THE BURMESE WONDERS.
MONTGOMERY AND STONE,
Blackface Comedians •.. .%
BILLY VAN, Famous Monologist.
THE DONOVANS, Irish Comedians. ■
AND 15 ALL-STAR ARTISTS.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
COLUMBIAN
AN IMPRESSIVE SUCCESS!
EVERY NIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAY.
HERBERT
KELCEY
EFFIE
SHANNON
COMPANY
PRESENTING THE AMERICAN PLAT,
-"*M€TH«2 FLAME'
By Clyde Fitch.
ALL THE ORIGINAL CAST,
Exactly as Enacted
' 125 NIGHTS at the N. Y. LYCEUM THEATER.
ALCAZAR
TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK,
MATINEE SATURDAY AT I.
MR. NAT. C. GOODWIN'S
Greatest Comedy-Drama Success,
IN MIZZOURA.
PRICES.......^Jac, 25c, 35c 59c.
*• MONDAY. MAY 29.
The Distinguished Actor,
AIR. LEWIS MORRISON,
In an Elaborate Production of
"HAMLET."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Green 861.
THIS EVENING.
THE
GYPSY
BARON
THE HIT OF THE SEASON!
Reserved Seats, 25c and 50c; Gallery. 15c.
Branch Box Office, Emporium Building, Just
Inside Main Entrance.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and Mgrr.
"RECEIVED WITH ENTHUSIASM."— THE
CALL.
be Koven and Smith's New Comic
•Opera, In Three Acts,
T|K Mandarin.
"AS CONFUCIUS SAYS'."
"A CHANGED MAN!"
SEE
THE FEAST OF THE LANTERNS.
THE UMBRELLA DANCE.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Popular Prices.... 26c and 500
Telephone Bush 9.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St., Cop. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ANOTHER BILL OF EASTERN STARS.
Important Engagement of the
THE 4 SALVINIS
Famous Acrobats.
THE HARTWELL SISTERS
Acrobatic Dancers.
WAY and MAITLAND
The Star Coon Specialists. in New Songs.
AGNES CASTRO, EDITH MERVYN, CHARL-
TON AND ROYCE AND OTHERS.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE,
. CONCEBTS AND BESORTS.
ALASKA RAPID TRANSIT CO.
GENUINE.
Ice .Toboggan Grounds.
Equal to the best Winter Club Grounds in
the Eastern States or Canada.
REAL ICE.
Will Open FRIDAY, May 26, at 5 P.M.
First 10 Days No Admission Fee,
DOLORES AISD2STH STREETS.
I ,
I3cllLlW GREAT REALISTIC
WAR PANORAMA! -
f\T Prof. W. G. ROLLINS.
* the eminent orator,
mm m m lectures half hourly.
lYlciHTllO Market st nr - Eighth.
Admission 50c.
Bay! Chl!dren ;5c -
CHUTES AND ZOO.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER. '
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) NIGHT,
AMATEUR MINSTRELS!
WITH LADY PARTICIPANTS.
Reserve Seats by Phone, Steiner 1861.
Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZE.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL,
223 Putter St.
TWO CHAMBER CONCERTS ONLY
By the— —
KNEISEL QUARTET of Boston.
! FRIDAY EVENING. May 26. at 8:15. and SAT-
URDAY AFTERNOON. May 27. at
3 o'clock.
PRICES $1 '° and 91 00
Seats now on sale at .Sherman. Clay & Co.'a.
SL'TRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROM M. to 11 P. M.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN, oc.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: Children. 20c
yvvvvv\vvvvvvvwvvvvvy*A.vv\/\A<
!f§|j>*l§y' INJECTION. <
1 A PERMANENT CURE I
] » of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 5
? and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
i! days ;no otlior treatment required. ■ S
' • , '' Sold by all druggists. >
i V ■LH I iJ-WOgtefcai *i B I Sal
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARK FT?
Pllver firmer.
New York Exchange lower.
Wheat weaker. Freights quirt.
Barley easing off.
Oats firm. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay about the same.
Feeds tuffs steady.
Beans show some changes.
Seeds as before.
Old potatoes scarce: new lower.
Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Poultry doing better.
Butter getting firmer.
Cheese weak and Eggs steady.
Bartlett Pears selling at fin» prices.
Pale of new dried Apricots.
Figs appeared.
Provisions still active.
Dried Apples higher.
Wool very active and higher.
Hides firm. Tallow quiet, j
Hops nominal.
Meat market beginning to weakv:..
Grain Bags weak.
Enormous demand for Canned Fruit
Xew price list fur Codfish.
Oils unchanged.
DRIED AND CANNED FRUITS IN NEW
?ORK.
The New York Commercial says
-Reports from the coast regarding prunes are
mere or less unsatisfactory. Nothing definite
Is known yet, but it is certain that a majority
of the interests involved Incline to the opinion
that the crop will be more or less short. Sonoma
County an.l the Santa Clara valley both report
nome shortage, but what the percentage is it is
Impossible to say. The spot market is firm, but
prices are unchanged. Probably medium sizes
meet most Inquiry, but lots ordered are chiefly
Fmall and go to retail dealers or country dis
tributors.
"Raisins are firm and three-crown are a frac
tion higher, the demand from seeders being un
usually large. Reports from the coast have
caused no change In the market, except to In
crease the firmness. Holders are reluctant sell
ers, and business is limited to small lots for
Immediate consumption.
"Peaches are steady, with upward tendency.
The present outlook favors th» assumption that
the proportion available for drying will be
small, and that prices are likely to rule high
In consequence.
"Apricots are steady, but the range is above
most buyers' Ideas, and little business results
from the inquiry. With a promised crop of per
haps 880 cars there will probably be a more
active market than has ruled this {rear.
"Canned Goods— The feature of the market is
■the large sale of California canned products for
future delivery, at opening prices, announced
exclusively in the Commercial last week. Some
packers are reported entirely sold out. an.i oth
ers have advanced prices on cherries, apricots
and lemon cling peaches. This action will hard
ly restrict the sale, the demand at present be
ing enormous.
"On the spot thero Is little change. All sup
plies are held firm because of the shortage of
all varieties At no time in the past ten years
has the supply of canned goixls been as small
as it is now. and holders are firm In their
views because of thai There is a cessation In
the demand for vegetables, but all supplies nr<
held firmly up to market prices, and traae,
though limited, is steady."
PRODUCTION OF COPPKR.
The product of American copper mines for ;
April was 15, 954 tons, a decrease of 2000 tons
from March and 3000 tons less than for April, '
IS9R. The total product for the first four :
months erf the year was R0.395 tons, against ,
7* 358 tons last year an.l 70.303 tons In 1597. Ex- ;
ports from the United States In April were .
7423 tons, the smallest in some time, owing to
the high pr demanded. Exports for the first i
four months of 1599 were 33,432 tons, against 45,
-532 tons in 1898 and 10.018 tons in 1897 Product
of European mines was T''ll tons for April and
19,239 tons f*>r the first four months.
WEATHER REPORT.
ninth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, May 23, 6 p. m.
The following are th° seasonal rainfalls to
Cat* a.« compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 34 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.01 32. 56 32.
Reo 1 Bluff 0.00 20.00 14.71
Sacramento Trace 14.06 10.15
San Francisco 0.00 16.00, 9.13
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.94
Fan Luis Obispo 0.00 16.46 7.14
Loo Angeles 0.00 4.95 7.06
Fan Diego 0.00 4.96 4.94
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.63
Pan Francisco data — Maximum, temperature,
ES; minimum, (8; mean, 83.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen over Utah and Ne
vada and ha-« risen along the entire coast.
Cloudy weather and light showers are re
ported over the northern half of the Pacific
coast.
The temperature has fallen over nearly all
the Pacific slo^e. It has risen about ten de
grees over Idaho. Wyoming and Montana.
Throughout California the temperature* are
Rbout twelve decrees helow normal.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Independence. 32 miles per hour,
from the southwest; Carson City. 3«. west.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight May 24, 1899:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday.
with light showers In extreme northern portion:
southerly winds In the valleys; westerly winds
on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
■westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday; probably show
ers.
Utah — Cloudy Wednesday; probably rain;
colder.
Arizona— Wednesday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
southerly, changing to fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER ItcADIE, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 23.— Neglect of the Stock !
Exchange by the outside public continued to j
he th« marked feature of the trading, and, i
as Is usual In a narrow market, prices drifted
uneasily up and down, following the erratic i
movements of special stocks. Dealings were
evidently almost wholly confined to the pro
fessional element, who seek profits on the
day* turn in prices. As this class of dealers
watch pretty closely for what other people
are doing and proceed to do likewise, the net .
effect in a day's business, or taking one day ■
with another, is not large. Yesterday's late
upward movement was followed by a realiz
ing this morning and later by a sharp ad- j
vance, which was practically wiped out be- j
fore the close. Sugar was the center of In- j
terest in the market and rebounded quite j
■trongly from the early pressure, together
with the affiliated glucose stocks.
But realizing took off all the early gain and
left it at the last five points below the high- I
eft and near the low point of the day. The j
drop in Sugar was accompanied by a strong ;
rally In the New York municipal stocks. Con
solidated Gas. Manhattan, Brooklyn Transit
and Metropolitan rising from 2 to 4 points.
This concurrent movement in the leading spe
cialties gave quite an appearance of. strength
to the market for a time, and their stocks
gained in the upward movement. The weak
ness in wheat, especially the reported selling
from the Southwest, helped this movement, j
but the pervlstent reports of Insect damage |
and news from abroad that American wheat
was practicably unsalable at present prices |
helped the late break in Grangers and South
westerns. There was a growth of uneasiness j
also over the persistent hardening tendency
of foreign exchange. The actual rate for de
mand sterling touched $4 \l\ to-day, which
Is near the gold export point.
The continuing ease in money suggests that
the method employed to finance the Philip- :
pine payment to Spain has forced something j
of a redundancy in the local money market i
resulting from the rather artificial stiffness |
of exchange rates Exchange on Merlin also j
hardened a fraction to-day, although that
money center was reported to be buying I
American stocks in London.
The newly floated Industrial stocks contin
ued rather conspicuous by weakness. Ana
conda broke 2 points, and In the outside mar
ket Amalgamated Copper, the payment of
subscriptions for which was completed yester
day, fell to par, which Is the subscription
price. The closing on the Exchange was easy
In tone, though rather dull, and showed net ■
losses In nil but a few cases.
There was a good demand for some of the '
reorganization 4 per cent railroad bonds, the
Union Pacific and Northern Pacific 4s both l
touching record prices. Total sales, par value,
13.744,000.
United States Government bonds unchanged
The total sales of stock to-day amounted to
408.628 shares. Including: American Steel and ■
Wire, 6100; Sugar, 90,000; American Tobacco,
P200; Anaconda. 4500; Ann Arbor preferred,
1100; Atchison preferred. 500; Brooklyn j
Rapid Transit,. 53.500; Burlington, 11,700; Con
solidated Gas, 6200; Continental Tobacco, 4200;
Denver and Rio Grande, 3200; Federal Steel
10,000; Glucose. 6100; Manhattan, 19,800; Met
ropolitan Street Railway. 9600; Missouri Pa
cific. 5200: New York Air Brake. 3100; Northern
Pacific. 3100: Northern Pacific preferred, 6200-
Pennsylvania, 3600; People's Gas, 8100; Rock !
Island. 4500; St. Paul, 8000; Southern Pacific, :
1500; Tennessee Coal and Iron, 3200; Union Pa- i
cific, 2200; Rubber, 3600; Wheeling and Lake
Erie. 3500.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 18 I Do'prefd 32%
Do prefd 53% St Paul 122%
Baltimore & Ohio. 66% Do prefd 169
Canada Pacific 97 St P& Om 93
Canada Southern..' fi3>4 Do prefd' ........170
Cent Pae .' 51' i So Pacific 321;
Ches & Ohio 25 So Railway 11%
Chi & Alton 160 i Do prefd 504
Chi B & 0 129V4 Texas & Pacific... 19*
Chi & B 111........ 7* Union* Pacific 41T4
Do prefd , 181 j Do prtXd ........ 75Vi
Chi G W 13% \Va bash 74
Chi Ind & L 9 Do prefd 204
Do prefd 39 Wheel &L E new. 9
Chi & N W II 1 -! Do '.'d prefd .... 264
Do prefd 192 Express Companies—
C C C A St L 52 .Adams Ex : 110
Do prefd 95 (American Ex 140
Del & Hudson 116% i United States .... 48
Del L & XV 1664 Wells Fargo 126
|D * Rio G 22«J Miscellaneous— (
i Do prefd M\L'A Cot Oil J4%
I Erie new 124' Do prefd 904
Do Ist prefd 34 Amn .Spirits 114
Ft Wayne :IS4 Do prefd 32%
tit Nor prefd ITS Am Tobacco 103
Illinois Cent lI3K Do preKl 141
Lake Erie & W.... 1C icons Gas 1804
Do prefd 674 Com Cable Co 179
Lake Shore 201 Col F & Iron 46
1 Louis & Nash .... 6f>4 no prefd 105
Manhattan L 110% Gen Electric 115%
Mcl Si Ry -;..223 Haw Com! Co 110
Mich Cent US Fed Steel 58
Minn & St L 58 • Do prefd 80%
Do Ist prefd ....101 Intnl Paper 47%
M 1 Pacific 414 Do prefd 80
Mobile & O 41 Laclede Gas 63
Mo X & T 12 Lead 31
Do prefd 334 Do prefd 112
X.l central 11l Nat Lin Oil 44
; N V Central 131% Pacific Mail 4&4
1 X T Chi & St L.... 13 pie's Gas 118%
Do Ist prefd 65 Pullman Pal 158%
Do M prefd .... 29 Silver Cert SI
; Nor West I'' 1 -. Standard R & T.. 6
iNo Amer Co 11 '? Sugar laSVi
INo Pacific 4&% Do prefd 1174
Do prefd 76% T C * Iron 564 -
! Ontario & W 24% U S Leather 6
Or R A X pfd... 694 1 Do prefd 63%
: Pac Coast Ist pfd. >.'! U S Rubber 47
Do 2d prefd .... 55 Do prefd 115
Plttsburg IS4 Weßt Union 914
Reading \.<\ Brooklyn R T ....lll"i
Do Ist prefd xi Am S * W C 0.... 62» 8
R (', W 33 ' Do prefd' 964
Do prefd :>■.>-. Pac Coast 39 I
' Rock Island 1091., Nor & W prefd 67 |
St L A S F ...... 10^ Colo Bo 5%.
■Do prefd 69 I Do Ist prefd .. 45
Do 3d prefd .... 3« Do 2d prefd .... IS
! St LA S W 13% I
CLOSING BONDS.
[• S Is reg 100 M X & T 2ds 66%
Do 3s reg 108% Do 4B 95%
Do la coupon.... IOB%]N C Ists 114%
Do new 4s rep... 130 X .1 C G 5s 120
Do new 4s c0up.. 130 X Carolina 6s 127
Do old 4« reg. ...112% Do 4s 104
I>o old 4s c0up. .1131.1 x- Pacific lsts 120
Do 's reg 1121* Do 3s 674
Do Be coup 112*4, I>o 4s 106
; Dlst of Col g.«55...118 XYC& St L 45.. 105?;
I Alabama class A. .110 X & \V con 4s 95
Do c'hss B 110 ! Do Ren 6s 131
Do •ass C 100 Or Xav lets 111
Ala Currency 105 | Do 4s 104
Atchison Ken 45. ...102 Or Short Line 65. .131%
Atchison adj 4s Sl'i Do con 6* 1124
Can Southern 2ds..lU Reading gen 4s S<%
Chesa A Ohio 4>-s. 94% R <; \\" lsts 994
Do 5s 11*4 St L * I M C 55. .111
Chi & Nor Con 75. .143 St L & S F G .124
Do 8 F deb 55. ..122 St Paul cons 16S
Chi Terminal t0.. .101% St I' C & P lsts... 123%
Den &R Q lsts.. .lOf.i* Do 5s 123 : -«
Do 4s 1074 so Railway 5s 111
E T V A G 15t5. .1054 Stand R & T 65... 86
Erie Gen 4s 71% Term new set 35... 974
F W A D c lsts.. 854 Tex & Pac 15t5... .1164 i
Gen Electric fis 12041 Do 2ds 55%
GH A S A 6s 114 Union Pac 45... 10S
; Do 2ds 1114 Wabash lsts 115%
H & T C 5s 112% I Do 2ds 100
! Do con 6s 112 West Shore 4s 114%
; lowa On lsts 114 ,Wis Cen lsts 72%
X C P & c, lsts... 66% Va Centuries 86
La new con 4s 1104 Do deferred 6
L & N U 4s 99 'Colo Southern 45... 87%
MIXING STOCKS.
: Ohollar 2S Ophir 100 I
(Town Point 25 Plymouth 10 i
Con Cal A Va 1 65 Quicksilver 2 00 i
Deadwood 50 Do preferred 7M' ;
Hale A Xorcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada 70 '
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 66 Onion Con 43 1
Mexican -■ 40 ; Yellow Jacket 35 ;
' Ontario 7 50 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End : 91%
Call loans "4'<?*4| Do preferred ..,.116
i Time loans B%@<% West Elec 60
Stocks— ! Do preferred f4" g
Atch Top A S p.. 17% Wls Central 21-
Do preferred 534 I Bonds
Amer Sugar 158% Atchison 4s 1004
Bell Tel 34."> ( Mining bnares—
, Boston & Albany.. 26o Adventure 11
I Boston Ele 110 lAllouez Mln C 0.... 9
I Boston & Maine. ..lSO Atlantic 32
Chi Bur & Q 12 <--j Boston A Mont 365 •
Ed Eleo 111 200 Cal A Hecla S3O :
Fltchburb prfd 115 Centennial 38%
Federal Steel 59 Franklin 20 !
Do preferred So%'Humbo)dt 24
Gen Elec 116 Osceola 87
Mexican Cent 13% I Parrot 63
Mi.ii Tele 92 Quincy 164
1 Old Colony 209 Santa Fe Copper.. 14
Old Dominion 43 Tamarack 230
Rubber 47 Winona 15% I
Union Pacific 42 Wolverines 45
Union Land S4
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 23.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The holiday feeling continues here. The tone
of to-days market was heavy on foreign prices, j
Americans opened flat and remained steady :
about parity. The volume of buying Is muoh ■
reduced. New York allowed prices to slide, J
but a slight rally occurred In the street, and j
I the close was about the opening level. Coppers i
j were strong early, but the finish was weaker. |
i Tintos were 50%@60%; Anacondas, 12%@13;
: Utahs. 9%©9%; Bostons, 24.
Silver was firm on the closing of cash con-
I tracts. The Japanese loan of £10.000,000 at 4
per cent, which was to be offered at 90 next
week, has been taken "firm" by four leading :
banks.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 100: Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 78%: Union Pacific preferred, 77%; Grand
Trunk, 8; Anaconda, 1274; bar silver, steady,
2s4d per ounce; money. I@lV* per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,037; exports, 21,194. Patents, 14@4 20; winter
j extras, $2 10; Minnesota bakers', $2 90Qi 15. j
! ModeAtely active but weaker; interstraits, !
$.". 55®8 65.
WHEAT— Receipts, 72,170; exports, R5.023. Spot ]
' weak; No. 2 red, 83% c spot and to arrive t . o. b.
I afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 63% cf. o. b.
' afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, 87% cf. o. b.
I afloat to arrive. Options opened firm on a little
■ : foreign demand, but developed sudden weakness
! and ruled heavy until the last hour, when
active covering inspired a sharp rally. The de
pression at noon was aggravated by light ex
port trade, general realizing and declines in
Southwest markets. At 2 o'clock prices had an
other bear raid and closed with %flc net loss.
May closed SIV: July, 79 3-16(jiS0Uc, closed j
79%e; September, 7M«'ti7'jV»c. closed 78 1 »c; De
cember, 75%<579%c, closed 7S%c.
ll' iPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS — open market for metals con
-1 tinues Inactive and shows no great features.
Tin reacted moderately to-day, but failed to !
: exhibit th« least sign of animation on the rise.
News from the West and abroad averaged up j
; favorably. At the close the Metal Exchange :
Pig — Warrants unchanged at $11 50 nom
inal.
Lake Copper — Dull at $18 60 nominal.
Tin— Firmer, with 25.65 c bid and Z5.75c asked.
Lead— Very quiet, with 4.45 c bid and 4.47% c
asked.
-Spelter— and unchanged, with 6.76 c bid
and 7c asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is 4.25 c, and copper
18.50 c.
COFFEE! Options closed quiet, unchanged to
5 ' points lower. Sales 4000 bag's, including:
May. 5.00 c; June, 4.55 c: July, 6.10 c; August.
5.15 c; September, 5.20 c; November, 5.35 c. Spot
Coffee— Rio dull; mild quiet but steady.
SUGAR- Raw quiet but firm; refined firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 14.496 packages. Market
steady; Western creamery, 15018 c; factory,
11%@13c. . -- : ,
EGGS— Receipts. 16,017 packages. Market firm;
Western, 15(glE%c: Southern, Il«il3c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, May 23.— California dried fruits
weak and lower.
Evaporated Apples— Common. 7@Sc; prime
wire tray. SU6S%c; fancy, 9>4'99%1e. . ■
Prunes— 4'i@9V4c.
Apricots— Royal. 13Vis<?l4c: Moorpark, 14@18c.
Peaches— Unpeeled, 9%'g!lU4c; peeled, 25 < g2Sc.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLIES.
. -.. ■ .--.
NEW YORK. May 23.— Special cable and tel
egraphic dispatches to Bradstreet's indicate the
following changes in available supplies last Sat
urday:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 1,215,000; afloat for and
in Europe, decrease, 100,000; total supply, de
crease. 1.315.000.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease, 2,520,000.
Oat*— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies. Increase. 30,000.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., was
practically unchanged. ■■>* . ;
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 23.— Renewed claims of
drought from Russia and prospects of an im
proved cash business gave wheat a firm start.
The market soon began to yield, however, un
der generous selling, owing to more seasonable
weather. During the first part of the session
the market sold off a cent. Covering on advices
confirming . previously reported damage by In
sects started a rally, but liquidation set in on
every budge, and the market closed at about
the best. July opened a shade lower at 75@
76 1 ,4 c. declined to 74% c, advanced to 75^4c. sold
off to 74% c, rose to 75% c, declined to 74}4c, and
closed at 14i*<?r74Vic. ■
Liquidation, influenced by favorable weather
and Increased country offerings, weakened
corn. July closed %c lower. , •
Oats declined, owing to favorable crop ad
vices and large receipts. Elevator concerns
liquidated freely. July lost Ho. T '
Provisions showed signs of strength early on
account of small hoc receipts and an advance
at the yards, but when grains began to decline
the market became stasrnaot and th» advance
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 24, 1899.
was lost. July pork closed a shade higher, and
lard and ribs a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ' . Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
May 73% 73% 73% 734
July 754 75% 744 744
September 74T4 75 V 744 74Vi
Corn No. 2— .
May 33 33 32*; 32"4
July 33% 33% 13% 33%
September 34% 54% 33% 34
Oats No. 2—
May 26% 264 264 26%
July 23% 23% 254 23%
.September 20% 20% 20% 20%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
July 8 274 8 324 8 224 8 274
September 8 424 8 474 8 374 8 424
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July 5 124 515 5 124 615
September ..........5 274 5 274 525 6 27%
Short Rib«, per 100 pounds- ■ .
July 4 72' 475 4 724 475
September 485 4 874 485 4 874
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and unchanged: No. 2 spring
wheat, 724@744c; No. 3 spring wheat, 68®
724 c; No 2 red, 7f>(f?7t>4c; No. 2 corn, 3314 c;
No 2 oats 264@27c; No. 2 white, 29%@29%c; I
No. 3 white, 25(g294c; No. 2 barley. 36®40c; No.
1 flax seed. $1054; new winter. $1 07@l 07'
prime timothy seed, $2 30; mess pork, per bar
rel ?S 20@8 2£: lard, per 100 pounds, $5 074®
5 10; short ribs sides (loose). $4 55@4 85; dry j
salted shoulders (boxed), '4»i@4V4c: short clear j
sides (boxed), J."«fis 10; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf.
ft 02; granulated, $5 52. -
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15,000 8,000
Wheat, bushels 20,000 93.000
Corn, bushels 175,000 261.000 '
Oats, bushels 339.000 309.000
Rye, bushels 6,000
Barley, bushels 10.000 1.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries. 12@174c; Dai
ries. 10®16c. Eggs, strong; fresh, 13c. Cheese,
firm; Creameries, 9@10%c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES. \
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Deo.
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Flour-
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKETS.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, May 23.— CATTLE— There was an
active demand to-day at stronger prices. Fancy
grades brought $0 Wgii 65; choice steers, $5 2.") ft
5 50; medium, $4 80@4 95: beef steers. $4 30'rf
4 75; gtockers and feeders, $4®6 25; bulls. $3®
4 r>o, cows and heifers. $3 60!§4 35; Western led
steers, $4 6*g>s 40; Texas steers, $4®. r >; calves,
j.v.i : 50.
Hoes- Trade was lively, with prices fully 5c
higher. Fair to choice. $3 37%#4 05; heavy
packers. $3 B6@S 85; mixed. $3 65^3 90; butch
ers, t" 83%@l 96; lights, $3 70(&3 95: pigs, $3 30®
3 80.
SHEEP— The demand for sheep and lambs
was as animated as ever, and yesterday's ad
vanced prices were readily paid. Inferior to
choice sheep sold at $3 75^5 60, chiefly $5 ZSfi
5 50; yearlings, V> 600*5 SO; clipped lambs, $4 15©
>'. 25: Colorado wooled lambs, $6 :<off7. and spring
lambs. |6@S 50 per 100 lbs.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000; hogs. 17.000; sheep, 17,
--000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, May 23. — The wool market here has
j had a stronger tone this week than for some
I time Dast. recent large sales for the export
Raving strengthened the market. Territory,
. tine medium and tine, is quote<l at 42<jj43c for
S' lured. Fleere wools are quiet, but the price
I has jumped lc on washed wools. There has
; been some demand for Australian wools at ad
vanced prices.
(Quotations: Unwashed medium, etc., Mis
souri quarter blood combing. 21c; three-eighths
bi.xid. 21@214c; braid combing, 18019 c. Territory
wools— Montana and Wyoming, fine medium
and fine, 14'ffl5c: scoured, 42W4.V; staple, 44 ■•■(■>
Utah. I>akota. etc., fine and fine medium, 12&
15c; scoured, (1042% c; staple, 48646 c.
Australian, scoured basis — Combing, super
fine, 750 ; good, 70<873c: average, GS'gtfOc.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 23.— Consols, 110 5-16. Sliver.
28% d- French rentes. 102f 274f- Wheat cargoes
Off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage.
sellers asking advance: English country mar-
Icets partially 6d dearer. Indian shipments of
wheat to Tnited Kingdom. 35,000; Indian ship
ments of wheat to continent, 15,000.
LIVERPOOL, May 23.— Holiday in grain
market.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, May 83.— Clearings, $194,546;
balances. $28,625.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 23.— Private cables from
Liverpool reported a little better feeling in th«
tiuirket abroad, although nearly everything is
cloned up until after the Queen's birthday holi
day. The East was slightly weaker after sev
•ta\ days of decided strength. Locally there
Is no change of Importance, Walla Walla still
being easy at 57!@ f fi74e and valley at 58c, with
bluestem nominal at about t.9'ii6Oc.
WASHINGTON.
TACO.MA, May 23. -There was an improve
ment of '-c in the local wheat market to-day,
club advancing to 57c; bluestem, 60c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 Mi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS^i
Sterling Cables — 4 B!Hi
New York Exchange, sight — 13%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars •■ — »<>
Fine Silver, per ounce — el 1 *
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are firm on the spot
at 26s 3d, usual options. The chartered Wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 11,750,
against 3440 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 25,000 tons, against 10,360; on the
way to this port. 199,250 tons, against 214,120.
WHEAT — Futures weakened off, but the spot
market was unchanged.
Chicago opened easier on account of fine
weather. The crowd was bearish, and the
Northwest sold freely. Later on St. Louis Re
call to buy on a reported bad outlook in In
diana and Illinois.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 0551 06%; milling,
*1 '>svi 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
8000 ctls, $1 16; 12.000. $1 15%.
Second Session— December— 22,ooo ctls, II 16;
2000, $1 15%.
Regular Morning December— ll,ooo
ctls. $1 1f.%: 4000. U 15%.
Afternoon Session — December — 14,000 ctls,
$1 15%.
BARLEY— May squeeze is apparently
over, as the demand has suddenly slackened off
and the market Is weaker. Trade is quiet. .
Feed, $1 10©l 12%; Brewing, $1 15@1 17% per
ctl. • A .■:-■
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— '99, new
—2000 ctls. 85% c.
Second Session— December— ctls, 90c.
Regular Morning Session— December — ctls,
90c; seller '99. new— 4000. 85'« c; 4000, 85% c; 6000,
85% c; 4000. 85% c; 4000, 85% c; 6000, S6c.
Afternoon Session — '99, new— ctls,
S5V4c; 2000, 85% c; 2000, 85 Vie; 2000, 86Vic; De
cember—2ooo. 89c; 6000, 89V4c
OATS— Rather more demand was reported
and a firmer feeling was visible. Sales were
at top prices as a rule.
Fancy Feed, $1 47%@1 f>o per ctl; good to
choice, $1 42V2"31 47»/4; common, $1 37>4<Sl 40;
Surprise, $1 50«? l 55; Gray, SI 35<$ 1 45; Milling.
$1 4601 50 per ctl; Red, $1 35@1 40; Black, $1 30
@1 32M,.
CORN— market is quiet and unchanged.
Small round Yellow, $1 30@l 35; Eastern
large Yellow. $1 12> 2 (51 15; White. $1 15©1 17%;
mixed, $1 10 per ctl; California White, nomi
nal.
RYE— SI(SI 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, J3 60(53 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, J3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, J3 40®3 45 per barrel for extra.
Si jr.'gS 40 for bakers' and J2 3052 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 25 per 100 Ibe; Rye Flour. J2 75; Rye
Meal, 42 50: Rice Flour, J7; Cornmeal. J2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal J3 25; Oatmeal. J4 50^?4 7f. ;
Oat Groats. $4 75: Hominy. J3 25®R 60; Buck
wheat Flour. tA(Si 25; Cracked Wheat $3 75-
Farina. Jl 50; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). J6 BSOC 95; in sacks, J6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, Jo; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
J5 per 100 the. ■
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Dealers continue to report a dull market for
Hay. though receipts are still light. The only
change Is a slight advance In Alfalfa.
Feedstuffs stand the same.
BRAN— JI6 50&17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-- H7 50*320 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, J23'g24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J25@26 50: job
l.ing, J27 50; Cocoanut Cake. J21(J?22; Cornmeal
J23 30@24 50; Cracked Corn, J24-025; Mixed
Feed, J15@16: Cottonseed Meal, $24@26 per ton.
HAY— wheat. JICKSI2 for good to choice and
J7 50ff>9 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat, J7<a
11; Oat. J6@lo; Barley, 16®*; Alfalfa, $5@7.
STRAW— I&'ffSOc per bale.
BEANS AND BEEDS.
A few slight changes in Beans are made. The
market continues dull. Seeds are as before.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 40@l 50; Small White, %1 90
@2 10; Large Whites. Jl 40@l 65: Pinks, *1 10®
1 90; Reds, 12 35; -Blaclteye, U<&* 13: Butters,
nominal; Llmas, *3 90@4: Pea, |2@2 85; Red
Kidneys. »2 .Wg-2 70 per otl. . • ■
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard, 2?»ifi3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Se<*d,
2\c per IT); Alfalfa, 34@94c; Rape, 3<3>34c;
Hemp. <m%c: Timothy. 4%(f5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nites. $1 50@l 90; Green. $1 75
<g!2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 612 boxes Asparagus, 17S boxes
Rhubarb, 200 sacks Peas. 122 sacks Beans and
2500 boxes and 292 sacks new Potatoes.
A Government contract for 5000 sacks of old
Potatoes has about cleaned up the market for
these goods, and they are firm in consequence.
New continue to shade off. Onions are un
changed.
The Vegetable market continues well supplied
with all seasonable kinds and prices show Ilt-
POTATOES-$1 2501 50 for River Burbanks;
Oregon. $1 35*51 85: New Potatoes, \m%c per
lb in sacks and $1 10@l 60 for Rivers in boxes.
ONIONS— OId are nominal; new, 35<340c per
saok for Red.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 60eiS$l 25 per
box for No. 2, $1 50ffll 75 for No. 1 and $2®
2 25 for fancy: Rhubarb, 40@65c per box for
common and 7."0Q5l for good to choice; Green
Peap, SWj'l 25 per sack for common and 2-524 c
for Garden: String Beans from Los Angeles,
4*5 5 c for green and s@6c for Golden Wax;
String Beans from Vacaville. 6@7c for green
and 6® 7c for Wax; Horse Beans, MX&7SC per
sack; Cabbage. $1 25® 1 35: Tomatoes. $1 Ts@2
per box; Mexican Tomatoes, $1 25^1 50; Egg
Plant, 10(g124c per lb: Garlic, s@6c for new;
Dried Okra. 16c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c:
Green Poppers. 7H©lsc; Carrots. 80®40c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 26976 c per dozen:
Sacramento and Marysville Cucumbers, %2 2S@
3 per box; Summer Squash, 75c(S~$l 25 per box".
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market is stronger, as but little more
Eastern Is expected this week and arrivals of
home stock are light.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13iffl4c for Gob
blers and 13014 c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50; Goslings, $1 50@2: Ducks, $4 50/56 for old
and $5 6007 for young; Hens, $5*66; young
Roosters. $7^B 60; old Roosters, $s<gs 50; Fry
ers. $6{f6 50; Broilers, $4 50@5 60 for large, $2 50
igS 60 for small; Pigeons, $2'S 1 2 25 per dozen
for old and $1 75-g2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $l; Rabbits, $125 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Brisk packing Is reducing the surplus of
Butter and the market Is getting firmer In
consequence. Some dealers quote a fraction
al advance. The tendency in Cheese is still
downward, and the market is very weak.
Eggs are steady and receipts are falling oft
Bom»what.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 17e; seconds,
16i&164c
Dairy- Fancy, 15c: good to choice, 13#144c;
store. llfir"l2c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 84$?9e; old, 8c;
Young America, 10c; Eastern, 13<g'15c.
ECKIS- Quoted at 15(516c for store and 17@15c
per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 164'517c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipta were 2141 boxes Cherries and 834
chests Strawberries.
Seven boxes of Figs, the first of the sea
son, are In from Palm Valley, Riverside
County, selling at $2 per box.
The canners are contracting for Bartlett
Pears in Alameda County at $35fg40 per ton.
The outlook for this fruit is bright this year.
Receipts of new Apples. Pern-hp" >'•-.=.
Apricots and Currants are steadily increaitng,
but are still light.
Berries of all descriptions hold their own
very well.
Cherries were steady again, though receipts
were larger. The bulk of the season is over
as far as Black Cherries is concerned. Most ;
of the crop has been shipped East and has
brought fancy prices.
Citrus fruits are about the same. Fine !
Navel Oranges are firm. Limes are steady
and Lemons dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. $1 50@J 50 for fair to good and $3<5)
8 50 for choice to fancy; Green Apples, 66076 c
per box.
BE RRlES— Gooseberries, 2f.c per drawer and ■
ifa" 1 :'- per Ih in bulk: Blackberries from New
castle, $1 -"> per crate: Strawberries, $3 6006 60
per chest for small and $3fi4 tor large her- I
ries; Raspberries, 20fitiOo per drawer: New
castle Raspberries, Jl<?jlso per crate; Logan
Berries. 60c per drawer.
Currants, "iflc(gsl per drawer.
Cherries, 40@60c for red. 40!ff66c for white.
76c@$1 for Royal Anne and 66c«ff$l per box for '
black: black. In bulk, 608 c; white, 24r&4c per I
lb; Royal Anne. .
Apricots, $1&1 .r> per crate and $1 50^1 75
per box.
Peaches, $i®2 per box.
Plums. il'Sl 60 per box.
cherry Plums. 75c@$l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS- Navel Oranges, $2 2."<i?3 75
per lx>x; Seedlings. $1 25(g2 25; Mediterranean !
Sweets, $1 6003 25; Lemons, $1 25f?fl 50 for com- |
mon and $2'jJ2 r.O for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4 60; California Limes, .'0(5 v 7sc per small
box; Crape Fruit, 6Oc0$l; Bananas, $1 50@2 per
bunch ; Pineapples, $3'o-4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
j The first sale of 1899 fruit Is announced, a
car of choice southern Apricots, boxed, having
sold at S'4c, July delivery, f. o.'b., at a com
mon shipping point. ■ It is a very low sale, as
it represents only $22 per ton for the raw Apri
cots, whereas they are being; contracted for at
$25(3-10 for ordinary goods.
The only change in prices is a further advance
in Evaporated Apples, which are scarce.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' 8, o@
s',£c for 50-60's, 4®44>' for 60-70" 3%(63%c for
70-80' s. 2Vrt3V for 80-9O'«, 24®2%c for 90-100" s
and 2®2&c for 100-110's; Peaches, S4W94c for
good to choice, 10<iil0Hc for fancy and 14@15c
for peeled: Apricots, 124f§13c for Royals and
14-SISC for Moorparks; Evaporated Applies. r" 2 <S
93ic: sun dried, out: Black Figs, out; Plums,
nominal, lV4c for unpitted and 4%®6c for pitted;
Pears. 3@9c, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4»ic for three
crown, s*»c for four-crown, 4Vt®6c for Seedless'
i Sultanas. 3Vic for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layer?: Dried Grapes, 2Sio3c.
NUTS — (Chestnuts, 7c per lb: Walnuts. B<3tc
i for hardshell, 10@"llc for softshell; Almonds, 8@
9c for hardshell, 12@13c for softshell, 14@16c for
papershell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 44@
5c for California; Coooanuts. $4 60@5.
HONEY— l<v«Ilc for bright and B®9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7' 4
7' 2 c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 6ifcs4c
per lb. ■'-■ ■"•■■ ■■■"■'
BEESWAX— 2S£27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market continues active for all descrip
tions and quotations show no weakness.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy,
BVi@9c for light medium, ]04^lic for light, 12c
for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ll'g-ll'ic; California
Hair.s, W1IO40,; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mesn Beef. $14; Family Beef, $1.V515 50; extra
prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at B^'gS'ic per lb for
compound and 7 1 ,£@7*ic for pure; half barrels,
pure, 8c; 10-lb tins, &4c: 5-lb tins, !>%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 94c:
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, 84c; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, B%c; 60-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 84c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%e.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
We now have an old-time Wool market. The
demand since April 1 has been so active that
the new clip, so far as shorn, has practically
been cleaned up all over the State, and even
the old clip has been well cleaned up. A gen
eral advance in prices is noted. The Eastern
markets are very firm. • . ■ £*-*$■..
Hides are quoted strong and some dealers are
quoting an advance. Tallow Is quiet and un
changed. '
There is nothing doing in Hops. Stock* are
well reduced. . '
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, !><?i!94c; light, 3 84c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6@6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@15%c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, IOOSOC each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75(g2 25
for large and $1 for small: Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— 1 rendered, 4@4',ic per lb; No. !
?., 34(&"3»ic; refined, ; grease, Sc.
WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southerns, 7 months, 7@9c: year's staple, 6@Sc-
Foothill and Northern free, ll@14c; Foothill I
anfl Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada, 10@13c- !
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@16c.
Fall Wools —
Northern Mountain 7 <gBUc
Southern ...6 ®74~c
Plains 5 C
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10@llc per lb for ordinary
12«j124c for good and 13@15c for choice to
fancy from first hands.
; SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market is weak all around, and arrivals
as a rule are larger. The local packers wIK not I
pay over b%c for Hogs. A few choice Beeves j
still bring the top quotation. i
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers- !
BEEF— 7%<§-84c per lb for Steers and 64® 7c
for Cows. : . .™ "•
VEAL— 7<?SV4e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@74c; Ewes, 7c per lb
LAMB-Sprlng. B®B%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 64<ff5%c for small 6«S>
h'^c for medium and s@s^c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4%@5c; dressed Hogs, 7g>
84c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%<g5?4c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26<g28c; San Quentin
Bags, $4 95. U ; ; -\-
CO Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle $8-
Bryant, |6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, 17 50'
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, |g BO In bulk and $9 60
in Backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $14-
Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and *14
in sacks. -
CORDAGE— ManiIa," 9%c; Sisal, B^c; Duplex
7V4c basis.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 77^©STUc-
Asparagu* fl 60«2 85; Tomatoes, 7JH®77Ho." t"
CANNED FRUITS-Mall advices from New
York report an enormous demand for canned
goods, -with the smallest stock on hand for ten
years. The outlook for this Industry this year
is excellent. Cherries. $1 35<gl 50 for black and
51 r><i<gi 80 for white; Peaches. $1 40(gl 86; Pears
$1 fs® 1 65 ' Apr)cots> *1 35@1 50; Plums. 95cig>
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14«15c for prime
washed; 13<gl4e for good washed; 12@14i,c for
good to prime washed peaberry; lie for good
peaberry; 10U6 I2c for good to prime: <><§10c
nominal for eood current mixed with black
beans; S^V for fair: 6®74c for common to
ordinary. Salvador— WSIZ^- for good to prime
washed; Bfg.9\c for fair washed: 104'SnHc for
good to prime washc-d peaberry. 7\©S v 4c for
superior unwashed; 7Vi^7%c for "good green un
washed; 9*4@loc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua — V.^m^c nominal for
pood to superior unwashed: 9<Sloe nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— l4«£i8 17c for prime to fancy
washed; 10%QUc for good to strictly good
washed: B@'lo>*c for inferior to ordinary; 10<-i<i?
12c for good to prime washed peaberry; ?'&9^i
for good unwashed peaberry; 7H@S»*c"for good
superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH-Bundles. 6Uc: cases,
6%e; cases, imitation Eastern. 7Vic; boneless.
SUe: strips, SV4@9i4c; blocks. Bfc®B«ic: tablets.
O'«c; middles. SSiffilO^c; desiccated, 87% c. less
In per cent; pickled, in barrels, $10 50; pickled,
half barrels, $5 75.
The Alaska Fish Company has issued the fol
lowing price list: Fifty-lb bdls. 6c; 100-lb cases,
selected. 6^c; boneless. 30 and 60-lb boxes, and
2-lb bricks, Sc: selected boneless. 81<ie; selected
strips, middles nnd 2-lb blocks, 9c: extra large
strips and tablets, O'ic: Imperial middles. 10c:
extra new pickled Cod, $5 50 in half barrels and
$10 in barrels.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 25®28c per lb,
Pole leather, medium. 24@25c; Sole Leather,
light, 24<5>25c; rough Leather, heavy. 24(5'25c;
rough Leather, light. 24@25c: Harness leather,
heavy. 32(533c: Harness leather, medium. 30®
32c: Harness Leather, light, 29(?30c: foliar
Leather, 14@16c per foot: Kip, finished. 40@45c
per lb; Veal, finished, 50®55c; Calf, finished,
75c@Jl; Sides, finished, 16<ffl7c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14@16c; Rough Splits, B@loc
per lb.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 75c:
pure. $1 06: Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled, 62c;
raw, SOc; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra win
ter strained, barrels, 54c; No. 1, 4Sc: cases. 5c
more: China Nut, 45@55c per gallon; Pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, SOc; cases. 55c: Sperm,
crude, 60e: natural white, 40c; bleached white,,
42Hc; Whale Oil. natural white. 37% c; bleached
white. 45c; Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors. {1 2oiffl 35 per gallon; wagon
colors. $2@2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—White Water Coal Oil, in bulk, ll^c per
gallon; Pearl Oil. in cases, 16'ic- Astral Oil,
1«V-; Star Oil, 164 c: Extra Star Oil. 20'ic;
Elaine Oil, 21>.<.c: Eocene Oil. 18'£c: Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk. UF&c; in cases. 21c;
Benzine, in bulk, 15c; In cases, 20c; S6-degree
Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; In cases, 26c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
S'^c; 6b, 14 oz, 7V»c; 6s. 12 oz. 6^.c: 6s. 10 oz,
sVjc: 12s. 12 oz, 7'4c; Granite (Mining) Candles—
6s, 16 oz. 9^c; 6s, 14 oz, B'4c; 6s. 12 oz. 7'4c; 6s,
10 oz. 6%c; Parafflne Wax Candles— ls. 2s, 4s,
6s. white. 9>Xc: 12s. lO^c; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6<S7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 61c; In iron barrels,
52c: in wooden barrels. .18c.
IJCOI.r— Boiled, barrels, 47c; raw, barrels,
45c; cases. Sc more.
'^ricKSILVER— S42 per flank for local use
and J3!1i&39 .10 for export.
Sl'GAß— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany yuotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c;
Powdered, o*«c: Candy Granulated, b%c: Dry
Granulated, 5Uc: Confectioners' A. 6%c; Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A. 4 7 8 c; Extra < '. 4?ic;
u.i Men C. 4Hc; barrel*. l-16c more; half barrels.
'<!■ more: boxes, 'ie more: 50-lb bags. V4c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
LUMBER.
LTMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16<ffl7; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $17@>1R fn r No. 1 and $15«16 for No. 2;
I>ath, 4 feet. $2 20i&2 30; Pickets, US; Shingles.
?' 50(91 ~b for common and $2 7S for fancy;
Slinkes. }11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
$21'u27.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
Tuesday, May 23.
Flour, qr ska ... 21.750 Straw, tons 7
Wlieat. ctls 246; Pelts, bdls 493
Barley, ctls l.SOnHides. no 626
Outs, ctls 950 Leather, rolls ... 1.122
Butter, ctls 344 Lumber, ft 35,000 I
Cheese, ctls 34 Raisins, bxs 96
Tallow, ctls 244 Lime, bbls 182
Beans, sks 2;'> Sugar, bbls 1.525 '
Potatoes, eka ... I, S5n Sugar, sks 5,160
Oni..ns, sks 1.1*7. Wine, gals 20,700
Bran, sks 246 Wool, bags 997
Middlings, sks .. 203 Eggß. doz 14,940
Hay. tons 247 Quicksilver, flsk. 106
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 1.160 OatP. ctls 1,850
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 6,3401 Wool, bales 6
Barley, ctls 500|
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jacob Schrader to Henrietta Schrader, lot on
S line of Point Lobos avenue, 40 E of Collins
street. E 25 by S 12i; Rift.
William A. Brown to Abbott L. Whitney,
undivided 4 of lot on N line of Golden Gate
avenue. 107:8 W of Polk street, W 25 by N 120;
$10.
Alphonso Dam to Ernst Kaufmann, lot on TV
line of Codmnn place, 57:6 S of Washington
street, S 20 by W 60, quitclaim deed; $5.
Lucy E. Dam to same, same, quitclaim deed;
U.
Genrge and Fanny H. Brown to James S.
Jameson, all interest In lot on SE corner of
North Point and Taylor street, E 137:6 by S
137 :6: V.
.lame? S. and Salome S. Jameson to John E.
Sharp, same, quitclaim deed; $500.
George Brown to same, lot on NE corner of
Bay and Taylor streets, E 275 by N 137:6, quit
claim deed; $0.
Katie McDonald and Mary and Peter Mc-
Ardle to John F. Boyd, lot on SW line of How
ard court. 203 NW of Howard street, NW 24
by SW 75; $10.
William Abbott to Samuel P. Blumenberg.
lot on NW line of Shipley street 100 NE of
Sixth. NE 25 by NW 75; $10.
Julia A. and John N. McLeod to Annie G.
McDonnell, lot on W line of Bryant street, 150
S of Sixteenth <Center>, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Estate of Eleanor Hall (by Gordon Hall, ad
ministrator) to John W r . Wright, lot on NE
corner of Twenty-fifth avenue and L street, N
100 by E 57:6; $10.
Aaron and Babette Cahn to William and
Mary Burke, lot on S line of Fall-mount street,
215:6 E of Palmer, E 25 by S 126, lot IS. block
15, Fairmount; $10.
John J. Laumeister to Elizabeth Laumeister,
lot on E line of Andover street, 50 N of Old
Hickory, N 75 by E 70, lots 69. 71 and 73, Gift
Map 2; grant.
Cuneo and Costa Company (a corporation) to
San Francisco and San Mateo Electric Rail
way Company, commencing at dividing line of
Wilson and Wilder Tract and Fairmount Ex
tension Homestead, said point being distant 16
degrees 23 minutes E 191:10 from NE corner
Wilson and Wilder Tract and SW corner Fair
mount Extension Homestead, S 160 degrees
23 minutes W 151:1. N 76 degrees 7 min
utes W 497:8»4, N 45 degrees 15 minutes E 36:3,
S 75 degrees 7 minutes E 476 :8ty, S 16 degrees 23
minutes W 15:1; $2500.
Alameda County.
J. H. T. and Henrietta Watkinson to George
J. Haggerty. lots 10 and 11, block B, Amended
Map of Fairview Tract, Oakland Township;
$550.
I Oakland Bank of Savings to same, same,
quitclaim deed: $25.
Claude Ponzia to John Gazanego, lot on E
line of Tenth street, 150 S of University ave
nue, S 50 by E 185, block 100. Tract B. Berkeley
L. and T. I. Association, Berkeley; $10.
Abbott L. Whitney to Anna M. Whitney, lot
beginning at a point at the NW corner of
lands of Bechtel i.by deed of July 17, 1888),
thence S along the E line of Fruitvale avenue
100, thence SE 380 to W line of Bona Tract,
thence NE 100, NW 380 to beginning. Brooklyn
Township: $10.
E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees of
Annie F. Meyers) to San Francisco Savings
Union. 608 d. 305. on W line of Sherman street
(formerly St. George), 175 S of Railroad ave
nue, S 150 by W 150. being lots !6 and 17, block
I 28. Mary A. Fitch Homestead (trustees' deed),
Alameda; $1200.
K. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees of
! Rowland C. Clapp) to same. 557 d. 389, lots 7
i and 14, block 17, Map of Leonard's subdivision
I of blocks 16, 17 and 18 In Bartlett 50-acre tract
I (trustees' deed). Alameda; $4500.
Emma D. and Charles G. Taylor to Joseph
;H. and Lottie S. Symmes, lot on N line of
I Fourteenth street. 152:6 \V of Willow, W 50 by
N 100. being lots S and 9, block F, Garden
! Tract Homestead, Oakland: $10.
William Reed Barstow to Jesse Barstow, lot
1 on E line of Myrtle street, distant 293.67 from
i N line of Eighteenth, thence SE 125. NE 13.67,
NW 125. SW 13.67 to beginning, block 615. Oak
land; $10.
Joseph and Flora Harris to Morris Marks,
lots 20, 21 and 22. block B, Map of Adeline
street property, being a redlvislon of blocks A
and B of Northern Addition to Oakland, Oak-
I land; also lot on NE line of East Eleventh
' itreet 75 NW of Twenty-sixth avrnue. NW 25
! and NE 100. being lot 16. block F, Knowles and
> Putter subdivision of Kennedy Tract, East
Oakland ; $10.
Joseph and Flora Harris to Joseph Wohlfrom,
lnt on N line of Twelfth street, 100 E of Alice.
I E 50 by N 100. being lots 26 and 27. block 170,
j Oakland: $10.
A. V. and Mary A. Tuoby to H. Roomig, lot
on S line of. Jones street, 319 W of Telegraph
avenue, W 31 by S 100. portion of Corrected
Map of Jones Tract, subject to mortgage. Oak
laivl- $10.
Emma and Andrew Morgensen to Gustavo
Harris, lot on E line of Racine street. ->0 S of
Joy. S 50. E 99.36. N 50. W 101.20, to beginning,
lot 1. block E. Roberts & Wolfsklll Tract, Map
3, Oakland: $10.
Alfred and Elvina Wood to Harry Armstrong,
lot on NE line of Perry street, on the line di
viding lots 6 and 7, block T, Revised Map of
Oakland Heights, thence NE 220.7, NW 30, SW
220, 8E 50, to beginning, being the SE portion
of lot 6. block T, Revised Map of Oakland
Heights, Oakland; $10
James E. and Annie E. White to William
Frlsbee Lewis, lot on SW line of East Twen
tieth street, 183 :6 ft SE from point of Intersec
tion of East Twenty-third avenue with BW line
of East Twentieth street, SE 25 by SW 100. be
ing nortion of lot 1, block I. subdivision 50
Aspociates' Tract, East Oakland; $10.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to Walter
Watson, lot 12, block 21, Daley's Scenic Park
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Mary 8. and Leona Z. Chalmers to John Gor
man, lot on S line of Durant avenue, 100 W of
Audubon street or College avenue, "W 50 by
S 130. being portion lot 4, block 9, map of prop
erty College Homestead Association, Berkeley;
$1000.
Same to Beverly and Nellie E. Hodghead,
lot on E line of Euclid "avenue, 76 N of Le
Conte avenue, E 125 by N 25, being portion of
lot 2, block 13, same, Berkeley; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
William G. Irwin (owner) with Gladding.
Mcßean & Co. (contractors), architects Reid
Bros.— Fireproofing for residence on XX cor
ner Washington and I^aguna streets. Western
Addition block 195; $6125.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were fairly active on the morning
session. Oceanic sold down to $88 75, Onomea
Plantation to $43 75 and Paauhau to $41 75.
Other changes were insignificant.
Business was quiet in the afternoon. Oceanic
was still weaker at $SS as the low figure.
.Mining: stocks were firmer, especially on the
afternoon call, and sales were larger in several
mines. The telegram from the pump said: "We
are keeping the water down near the 1950 level
by running the second elevator on half time."
The Con. Cal. & Va. assessment of 25c per
share Is delinquent in office to-day, and the
Potosl assessment of 10c per share will be de
linquent in the company's office to-morrow.
The Sherman Gold and Sliver Mining- Com
pany of Pyramid mining district, Washoe
County, Nev., has levied an assessment of one
tenth of lc per share, delinquent June 20.
The following shipments of ore were made
from the mines of Eureka district. New. by
rail for the week ending May 1!). Bullwhacker
mine, 66,620 pounds; Diamond, 58,200; Eureka
Con.. 73,410: Hamburg, 92.760; Jackson, 67,550;
Oriental and Belmont, 4200.
■ The Standard Consolidated Mining Company
of Bodle will pay a dividend of 10c per share
to-day.
The annual meeting of the Crown Point Min
ing Company has been called for June 5.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, May 23—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Equit G L Co. 64 7*6
4s quar coup.. 144 — Mutual El Co. 154 16
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 444 454
4s quar new..l 2» 130 Pac Gas Imp. — 664
6s quar coup..lo7\loßJ4 Pac L Co — 464
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 664 67
Cal-st Cab Bs.llT — San Fran 8% 3*
Cal Elee L 65.125i,;i274 Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 65.. ..11 l 112% Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — FirenVs Fund. 222 —
E L * P 6a... 13041314 Bank Stocks-
F*Cl Ry 65.1154 — Anglo-Cal — «64
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1.. 261 265
HC4B 5^8.. 10214 — eg! S I) & T. — 98%
LARy 5s — 108 Frst National. —
Li A Li Co 65. .1014 — I,on P & A. ..131 132
IM gntd 65.. 101 4 — 1 Mer Exchange— 16
Market -st 65.. .1284 — Nev Nat Bnk. — 190
Do Ist M ss. — 1174 Savings Banks—
NCN G H 7s.WB — 1 Ger S & L.1600 1640
N Ry Cal 65.. 1164 — Hum S&■ L.1050 1160
NR of Cal 55.113!*114i; Mutual Say. — 414
NPC R R 6s. — 108 S F Say U.. 500 —
NPC R R 55.104 — |S & L 50... — 90
N Cal R R 55.112 — j Security S B 285 —
Oak Gas 55... 11 l — j Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Ry 65.. 127 ISO j Street Railroads—
P&CI Ry 65. 107 109 California ....116 —
P A; O 65.... 117 — Geary 574 —
Powell-st 65... — 1224 Market-st .... 634 6314
Sac El Ry ss. — — Oak S L & H — —
SF& N P 55.1164 — Presidio — 17
SF & S JV55.114^1154 Powder—
Sierraß Cal 65.1084 — California 160 1874
X P of Ar 65. 114 — F. Dynamite... — 95
BPC 6a (1905) — 112 Giant Con Co. 77% 78
BPC 6s (1906) — — Vigortt 374 4
SPC 6s (1912) — — Sugar—
S P C lscg 55.1044 — I liana P C 0... 174 17%
SPBr 6s 123 — 1 Haw C& S C.llO 115
S V Wat 65... 1164116% Hutch S P C. 34 34%
S V Wat 4s ...104 — Kilauea S Co. 32 33
S V W45(3dm)1024103 Onomea S Co. 43% 44
Stktn Gas 65.. 1024 — Paauhau SP. 4l£ 41%
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 71Vi 71% IAI Pac A55n.112%113%
Marin Co 50. — | Ger Ld Wks..2So —
Spring Valley.lolV;iol4 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 87 87%
Capital Gas... — — | Pac A F A... 24 —
Central G Co.. — — 1 Pac S Bor C 0.1174 —
Cent 1, * P.. — 74 Par Paint Co.. 74 —
Morning Session.
Board—
70 Contra Costa Water 71 50
100 Hutchinson S P Co 34 50
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. 107 75
150 Market Street Railway 63 25
20 Oceanic S S Co 89 00
10 Oceanic S S Co, b 30.. 89 124
25 Oceanic S S Co 88 75
125 Onomea Sugar Co 43 75
10 Paauhau S P Co 42 00
165 Paauhau S P Co 41 75
50 San Fran Gas & Electric Co, cash.. 66 B*4
65 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 66 874
10 Spring Valley Water 101 50
Street—
10 Bank of California, b 5 263 00
60 Giant Powder Con 78 00
$30,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d m0rt)...102 75
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 113 25
95 Contra Costa Water 71 374
5 Contra Costa Water 71 25
100 Equitable Gas 7 00
40 Market Street Railway 63 25
25 Onomea Sugar Co 43 75
50 Oceanic S S Co 88 75
10 Oceanic S S Co 88 00
'10 Paauhau S P Co 42 00
15 Paauhau S P Co 41 75
95 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co <;« 874
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 66 75
40 Spring Valley Water ...101 25 •
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Central Light & Power (! 50
100 Equitable Gas 7 00
100 Equitable Gas 7 124
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 34 76
30 Paauhau S P Co 42 00
-■-■•' . Afternoon Session,
Board—
30 Central Light & Power C 50
125 Equitable Gas 7 00
25 Spring Valley Water 10175
20 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 67 00
40 Market Street Railway 63 25
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
30 Equitable Gas 7 60
10 Equitable Gas 6 75
20 Contra Costa Water 7150
100 Vlgorlt Powder 4 00
Afternoon Session.
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 115 00
200 Vigorlt Powder . 4 00
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. 75
' . MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sale* in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: :; •
Morning Session.
650 Belcher 37 100 Ophir 110
500 Best &' Belcher 52 100 Potosi 38
100 Con Cal *; Va.l 80 100 Savage 25
100 Confidence ....1 00 300 Sierra Nevada. 79
200 Mexican 46 400 Union Con 47
100 Mexican 47 100 Utah IS
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 05 300 Hale & Norcrs 37
100 Best & Belcher 55 200 Mexican 53
200 Best & Belcher 57 100 Ophir 125
200 Bullion 08 200 Potosl 44
100 Caledonia 59 100 Potosi 43
200 Caledonia 60 100 Scorpion 03
200 Chollar 35 400 Sierra Nevada. 84 !
360 Con Cnl & Va.l 85 250 Union Con 4» I
200 Hale & Norcrs 86 ' 200 Yellow Jacket. 43 |
■. ... ". . ■"■ ■■ ■"■■ -. . ■■-,- '
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 38j 100 Ophir 1 12U
200 Be»t & Belcher Ml 50 Ophir 1 g
50 Caledonia 63| 200 Potosl 4»
100 Chollar 34 200 Potosi " 43
300 Con Cal & V...1 80 300 Sierra Nevada 79
500 Con Cal ft V.I 82<4 200 Utah 17
200 Crown Point... 31 500 Yellow Jacket 41
200 Justice 20 400 Yellow Jacket' 42
300 Mexican 47
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 38 500 Mexican 64
500 Best & Belcher 56 400 Mexican ...'." r.5
600 Bullion 08 200 Mexican ' 53
200 Caledonia 58 j 200 Occidental ..'.'.' '5
! 200 Caledonia 57| 200 Ophir 1 17L,
300 Caledonia s"v 700 Ophir .'.'.'.'.'"
\ 300 Chollar 34 200 Ophir Y?2U
1100 Con Cal & V.I 82H
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, May 23-4 p. m .
 . Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 f,6 Kentuck — 08
Alta 06 07 Lady Wash.. . 01 02
Andes 119 10 Mexican 50 32
Belcher 37 3S Occidental 26 26
Best & Belcher 54 55 Ophir 1151 20
Bullion 07 OS Overman IS 19!
Caledonia 58 10 Potosl 40 41
Chollar 22 33 Savage 28 29
Challenge Con. 3,1 36 Scorpion — 03
i Confidence 1001 05 Seg Belcher ... 02 04
Con Cal & Va.l SO 185 Sierra Nevada. S2 S3
Con Imperial.. 01 02 Silver Hill .... — 03
> Crown Point... 29 30 Syndicate — 05
! Con New York. — 02 Standard 275 —
! Exchequer — 03 St Louis 06 —
; Gould & Curry 33 34 Union Con 46 48
Halo & Norcrs 36 37 Utah 18 19
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 42 43
I Justice 21 22
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office located In the Merchants Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
"Tfavigators^are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sata of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can alwayi be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation : and all matter*
of Interest to ocean commerce. Ferry
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped «
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Nat ai
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal. —„-. ■
A notice stating whether the ball was drppr -1
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant. U. S. N . In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. MAY 24.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
th» early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide, of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted fro~^^
the depth given by the charts. The plane ?.'f
reference is the mean of the lnwer low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 23, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the n?w Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May 2*.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Alliance, Donaldson, 4 days from Port
land, etc.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette, 6 days 11 hours
21 mln from Honolulu.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, 83 hours from De
parture Bay.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 20 hours from
Bihlers Point.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. May 23.
Stmr Coo« Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Portland: R Dol
lar.
Bark Guy C Goss, Mallett, Chem&inus; G W
McNear.
SAILED.
;■-,!."-, Tuesday, May 28.
Stmr Columbia. Green. Astoria.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwtng. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, Portland and As
toria.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Portland.
Stmr Cleone. Higgins. Crescent City.
Br ship Primrose Hill, Wilson, Liverpool.
Bark Gatherer, Ljunggren, Tacoma.
Schr Lettetia, Wilson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Lena Sweasey, Topfer, Seattle and Ta
coma.
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrup, ■ .
Schr Nettle Low, Low, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 23. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The King Cyrus loads lumber at Chemainus
for Shanghai, 52s 6d.
. SPOKEN.
Per stmr Excelsior. May 13, lat 38 SO N. long;
135 03 — Schr J M Weatherwax. from New
Westminster, for Nagasaki. All well.
Per Bristol, May 20— Passed tug Hnlyoke.
with sidewheel stmr Ocean Bell in tow for San
Francisco, off Flattery Rocks.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. May 22— Shin Eclipse, at Algoa
Bay March 26, parted her cables on Apr 25 and
drifted shoreward. Three tuts broue-ht her
to anchorage, captain agreeing to pay £300.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived May 23— Schr Rio Rey, hnc
May 11.
Sallad May ?3— Stmr Navarro. for San Fran-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 23-Stmr
Laguna. from . _. _ ,
EUREKA-Arrived May 23-Bktn Eureka,
hence May IS. May 22— Stmr \veeott, hence
COOS BAT-Sailed May 22-Schr Edward
Parke for San Francisco.
Arrived May 23-Schr Seven Sisters, hence
M TACOMA— Arrived May 22— Br stmr Ga
ronne, from Honolulu; hark Theobald from
Port Anceles. and not ship Louis Walsh, as
GREENWOOD^Arrived May 23-Stmr Alca-
Za UM h VQUA-Sailed May 22-Schr Lily, for San
Books' INLET— Arrived, ship Centennial,
hence March 27; stmr Jennie, hence April I.
NeVh B "y-Passed May 23-1" S stmr Rich
ard Rush, with D S stmr Nunlvak in tow, from
F-nreka 'or Seattle.
Passed in May 23-Stmr Queen, hence May 21,
f °PORT TCWNSEND— Arrived May 23-Schr
PORT TOWNPEND— Arrived May 23— Schr
Excelsior, hence May 9. for Port Blakeley.
Sailed May 23— Bktn Tarn o* Shanter. for
Port Gamble; schr Serena Thayer, for San
P GRATS HARBOR — Arrived May 22— Stmr
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived May 21'— Stmr
Newburg, hence May 19; schr Melancthon, hnc
M ASTORIA— Sailed May 23— Stmr State of Cali
fornia for San Francisco; .stmr Columbia, for
Yokohama and Hongkong. -. -. -
USAL— Sailed May 23— Schr Neptune, for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 22— Stmr Alli
ance, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DEPARTURE BAY— Sailed May 23— Br ship
Lancing, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed May 23— Br stmr Doric,
for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
TAKU— Sailed May 22— Schr William F Witze
mann, for Puget Sound.
H l LO— Arrived May Schr Pioneer, from
Aberdeen.
To sail May 15 — Bark Annie Johnson, for San
Francisco: schr Pioneer, for Puget Sound. May
16 or — Bark Edward May. for San Francisco.
During the week of May 13 — Ship A J Fuller
for Philadelphia.
MAHUKONA— SaiIed May 6— Schr Metha
Nelson, for San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed May 23— Stmr St Paul
for San Francisco. May 22— Stmr Pennsylva
nia, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 15— S stmr So
lace, from Yokohama, for San Francisco; schr
Inca, from Newcastle, Aus; bktn Skagtt, from
Port Gamble.
Sailed May 13— Br stmr Aorangi, for Sydney
May 14— Jap stmr America Maru. for Yokoha
ma. May Schr Ottillie Fjord, for San Fran
cisco; Haw schr Honolulu, for San Francisco
DUBLlN— Arrived May 20-=Br ship Haw"
thornbank. hence Dec 11. . ■ w '
HULL— May 21— ship Rajore, hnc
KAHULUI — Arrived May 11— Ship j r»
from Honolulu. May 9— Schr Helen N Klmhnii
from Panama. «"»u,
Sailed May 11— Ship S D Carleton. for N«r
..York* schr Honolpu, for San Francisco.DID A SPANISH SPY
MURDER FOUR PEOPLE?
Theory of the Pinole Explosion
Occurring in July Last.
Testimony Read Before Judge Dainger
field in a Damage Suit Both Inter
esting and Dramatic.
DIP a traitor or a Spanish spy apply
to the shim tubs of th*>
■ 1 Works at Pinole
-' which rent th<
■ - and Bi nt the sou
: i:to eternity?
■ -• i in :i..it has oft
r, but that such must
-
I, save when James (!. '■
~;iinst the ■ ■ enn
• works, cast asidi I
. leged thai
■
John]
th< fatal day was in chai ■
• . _.;. c< rin mixi
• uplosion 1 ame And< - - was ii
grounds 1 I
• ti rribli coi thi ew him
■ 1 him
; the
vi him laj
■
■> ■
four of V
• c that
n ■ ihortl y
: . ■ c 27th,
led the one
••:■ midnight the
1 1 was 1 .
of the laborers hur
into tho night
to allay their fears. No one was injured,
and soon a small army was clearing away
ihe debris; under the supervision of Mr.
Birmingham. While these men were
bending at the work, now assisted by the
light of early day. the second explosion
took place, rending the many structures
and leaving its list of dead. The shock
over and the excitement somewhat Bub
dued, a search was instituted, and near
the ruins or" the nitro-glycerin plant a fuse
was dragged forth} a break In the sur
rounding barbed-wire fence was found,
tracks of a man led to the establishment,
and when these incidents .■■■■• connected
with a stranger or' Spanish appearance
Been lurking In the vicinity during the
preceding day and night of the flr'st ex
plosion, the theory that the work was
that of a Spanish spy rapidly gained cred
ence.
Deputy Sheriff Frayer accepted this
theory and went to work on the clews in
his possession; and "Government Secret
Service .Agents labored for weeks, but
fruitlessly. Nevertheless, a guard of men
was placed around the plant, and later,
when the Santa Cruz establishment was
wrecked by the force of its own confined
power, the military was ordered to duty
to protect these, suppliers of powder from
thq act.« of either the depraved, the traitor
or the spy.
Tho days through which these plants
v. i re guarded passed, and in the mean
time Anders, whoso misfortunes have
been cited, commenced suit against the
powder company to recover $iu,UOO dam
ages tor the injuries he sustained. In his
complaint! as aforesaid, he passed aside
the theory of foul play and held the com
pany's employes to blame. He accused
them of incompetence and carelessness,
claiming that the second explosion was
■ aused by the striking of a faucet on a
nitro-glycerin tank with a hammer, and
averred thai the work of clearing away
the debris from the first explosion was
improperly performed. In the answer
these allegations were denied, and though
tl;>- theory that the damage, death
and injury were caused by a Spanish spy
or traitor was not incorporated in the
pleadings; they ent> N r largely into the de
fense of the suit. Such a defense is the
lirst of its kind since the sinking of the
Maine, but doubtless it .will be brought up
many times before the memory of such
explosions will have been forgotten.
The suit Instituted by Anders was as
signed to Judge Daingertield for trial. It
was taken up a few days ago, but argu
ments on legal technicalities prevented
the introduction of material evidence.
These have now been disposed of and the
case is under progress. Yesterday after
noon the matter of evidence was again
taken up and the deposition of Captain
\V. K. Quinan, prominent in the manage
ment of the powder works, was read. In
this deposition the theory and proofs to
bark the theory of the witness that the
explosion was due to foul play was
l>n>ught out. E. S. Pillsbury, who repre
sents the company, read the deposition
and it was listened to with great interest
by the jury which must determine the
liability of the company for the plain
tiff's injuries. The testimony of the wit
ness related particularly to the theory
of foul play and in answer to the first
question put by Mr. Pillsbury was to th«
effect that the first explosion took place
in the tubs containing the slums. Con
tinuing on this line, the testimony of tht
witness, in question and answer form, is
us follows:
m have said that you did not
(plosive matter .
i li.'-iiir explosive In the ordinary
It were attacked with a dynamite
:i;e and a cap, of course, I do not mean
that you could not get an explosion out
ell, I mean in Its ordinary condltloa?
A. !'■■ :ts ordinary condition 1 oonsiaer It in-
Uve.
■j. Well, then, how do you account for it.'
.on?
A Well, I believe that it was a rase of foul
■
til, give the reasons for your belief, If
you have any.
|vat before the second explosion,
.: the rr.'rnit;g, v piece of miners
• t long was found in the de
POSTUM CEREAX.
COFFEE COMPLEXIONS.
Skin Usually Clears Up After
Leaving Off the Beverage.
ountry people are very much
to the use of coffee, and to
aps mote than anything else,
Is attributable the dark, muddy cora-
Mrs. J. L. Btlles, a teacher, was
pale, weak, thin in flesh, wakeful,
dyspeptic and trembling on the verge
rvous prostration. Sh* discovered
that the cause of it all was coffee, and
th<- way sht» discovered it was by dis-
contlnuh!.' altogether and tak-
ing in its place P-stuin Food Coffee
exclusively.
She got so well and got well so
quickly tha. she knows exactly what
caused the change. Now she advises
all her friends to use Poßtum, and is so
enthusiastic about it that sho sends
printed notices of it in her letters to
them, and warns them to be sure and
have it made right. Tou already have
count of my bitter experience with
coffee drinking. Carolina A. Jones,
Houston Heights, Tex
• r bris of broken timber and lumber, etc., that
was being taken from the house.
Mr Powers— Well, you d-i not know that that
i was found there of your own knowledge.
t \ No sir: I rion't: but I know all about It.
r Mr. p'lllsbury— Well; you saw the fuse?
c A. 1 saw the fuse, ■•• sir', but I was not
present when it was picked up.
1 Q. Well, Mate anything of your own observa
t I tion which led you to that belief besides trie
, : fuse?
1 \ A. That the tub? were first attacked? Well.
i I Inspected the ground very carefully, and the
. I Hew cask, of course, was torn to pieces, that
lf=. the steel was ripped.
Mr. Powers— What la that?
! a. The blow cask? It Is for the purpose of
' pumping liquid or compressed air. .
Mr. l J i!lshury— Oo on.
A. That blow cask stood almost on the
i Ground; there were only a couple of little pieces
t of wood under it. i by 4's, yet the ground un-
I iWnenth showed no distinct disturbance, so-
I the conclusion naturally was that it had been
moved from its site before It was exploded-
I n:i<l n? there were two distinct explosions
j separated by n very small interval of time the
I soncluslon that 1 arrived at was that the tubs
had been exploded iirst and the blow cask had
joined In after it was removed from its posi
tion.
Q. Both of those were affected early in the
I morninp?
I A. Yes, Fir; lam now speaking of the first
I explosion. . ■
| Mr rowers— You do not know that there were
BOUND ON A NOVEL EXCURSION.
HIND. ROLPH & CO.'S new schooner Honoipu sails about June 1 on a voyage that is not often made
from this port. She takes a party of excursionists from here to Killisnoo, Alaska. There they will
spend the longest day in the year, the day on which the sun does not set. A visit will be paid to Sitka
and then the schooner will sail for Honolulu. Two weeks will be spent in Hawaii and then the Honoipu
will come back to San Francisco.
two concussions at different times, except from
■ what people told you?
A. That Is all; just .from the testimony of
others. \
Mr Plllsbury—Well, from your Inspection as
to these— to this locality and-these two cir
] cumstances —what would be your opinion as to
whether or not there were two explosions?
A. I should be Inclined to think that there
! would be two; It would be almost Impossible
for those things—they were separated say by
about ten feet vertically—eight feet, I guess,
would be a better estimate, and possibly twelve
or fifteen feet horizontally; It would be almost
I Impossible to get them to go at exactly the
same moment. :■-"."'■
Q. Now state what other extraneous circum
stances, If any, you found showing; an ex
planation of the first explosion, or how it came
about; you spoke of- this fuse that was shown
you.
I A. Well. I don't think I quite understand the
question: that was my leason for believing—
that was the best reason I have for believing that
—in the first place from my knowledge of the
position of things, an explosion was very Im
probable, very unlikely, and yet we know that
an explosion took place, and the fuse was
found, and it served to convince me that it was
simply a matter of foul play- Though I think
I might state that this was during the war,
the Spanish war, and . me suspicious charac
ters had been seen around the works.'
Mr. Powers—Well, you did not see any of
| them yourself?
A. Yes. 1 did. I beg your pardon,
i Q. Well, that is all right, but I intend to
object to thine anybody told you about it.
j that you did not see yourself.
i. Mr. Plllr.bury—Just state what you know of
I your own knowledge in regard to that, captain.
A. Well. I had my attention called to a rather
odd-looking character, Spanish in appearance,
i one morning at the station, by a railroad
I hrakeman. It Is pretty hard, Mr. PlllHbury,
Ito say—of course there were a good many
things that a man knows positively, and yet
he cannot say. Now I had only this brake
. man's story to call my attention to the man,
but If I am to be headed oft in retard to
j what the brakeman told me, why then you
might say that there was nothing- suspicious
in the circumstance.
Q. Well, was there tiny other person?
A. Well, we found after the explosion in go
ing around the works—l found a place where
j our wire fence, which had been put up to keep
all Intruders out. with the help of guards at
the entrances— found the wire fence cut with
nippers at a certain jiolnt.
; Q. Well, how could you account for that ex-
I cept that it was done by some Intruder?
A. Well, I had no other explanation for It.
' Our own men would have no object in cutting
the wire fence, because they could go out and
I In without any trouble. .
: Q. Well, please state whether there was any
I occasion. if you know, for the workmen going
1 through there.
A. No. sir.
Q. Now as to the material in those tuba;
state whether or not In your opinion and from
your experience as a powder man an explosion
could take, place from those extraneous causes.
A. I consider It perfectly safe: there was a
large amount of water In It. the amount of
nlrto-glycerln was small and there was noth
ing dangerous In it.
So it. will be se*n that it is the opinion
I of the witness none other than "extran
-1 eous influences'" caused the explosion, and
: the "extraneous Influences" are meant to
be the act? of either a traitor or a Spanish
spy. Conclusive proof of this theory re
-1 mains to be produced. As the theory "must
be proved by truths much has to be done,
and it might be said that as truth Is
stranger than fiction the matters sur
rounding the explosion are stranger than
both. • •
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
j sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid. 63 Chronicle bldg.*
« ♦ ■ ,
Indicted for Counterfeiting. -
; Joseph Kay was indicted by the Federal
I Grand Jury yesterday for having in pos-
I session and passing counterfeit coin.
. A bit In a horse's mouth doßen't pre
vent him from eettlng hungry.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 24, 1899.
HOSPITAL SHIP
SOLACE IS ON
HER WAY HERE
Brings Invalids and
Discharged Men.
PRICE OF LUMBER ADVANCED
HARBOR COMMISSION REJECTS
ALL THE BIDS.
Ship Eclipse Nearly Went Ashore in
Algoa Bay — David Van Ider
stine Stricken With
Apoplexy.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia arrived from Honolulu yesterday
with over 150 passengers. The run was
made in the fast time of 6 days 1 hour and
21 minutes and was uneventful, with the
exception of the. shooting of Gelespie, a
waiter, by Wade, the cook, and the shoot
ing of the latter by Chief of Police Evans
of Honolulu.
The hospital ship Solace was in port at
Honolulu when the Australia left. She
arrived there on May 15, and was to coal
as quickly as possible and proceed to San
Francisco. She has a large number of
invalids and time-expired soldiers aboard,
and also Hrigadier General Charles King.
The general was to have come up from
Manila on the Sheridan, but changed his
I mind, thinking: the Solace would get here
first. Lieutenants Minett and Gorgas of
1 the Bennington are also passengers on
: the Solace.
The. Harbor «"' mmissioners again re
; jected all the bid? for the supply' of lum
ber and piles yesterday. On the first oc
casion the bids were too high and not
properly segregated. On that occasion the
bidders offered to supply lumber at
$13 75 the thousand feet. Yesterday they
unkn! $24 the thousand feet. On that oc
casion they asked 15 cents per lineal foot
fur plies, and yesterday they demanded
19 reins per foot for the same article. It
did not take the Commissioners long to
decide upon what to do. All the bids
were rejected.
Since the nien of economy began there
has been a saving of $3340 a month on the
front. The secretary reported yesterday
that the pay roll shows a decrease of
12600 a month, while rents from the ferry
building show an increase of $840 a month.
Chief Wharfinger Henderson reported
that the schooner Fanny had a disagree
able h;ihit of slipping out of port without
l>, tying dock charges. There is a bill of
$3 agninst the vessel, and the Commis
sioners instructed Mr. Henderson to
double that amount and tack on a fine
Relief Does Not Always Mean a Cure!
Almost any doctor can give relief. Even electricity has been known
to stimulate a weak man for a short space of time, and patent medi-
cines may be of slight benefit now and then, as a purgative
But men who are weak or sick want PERMANENT CURES. Such
cures can be had at the hands of Dr. Meyers & Co. These specialists
are noted for making weak men strong and sick men well. Their reme-
dies and methods are envied and wondered at by other physicians Dr
Meyers & Co. are well and favorably known to the people of the Pacific
Coast, both for their fair business dealings and :
their unequaled skill. They cure DISEASES OF _ -^
THE KIDNEYS. BLADDER, SKIN, BLOOD i^S^E?^^
SPINE, HEART, LIVER, ETC., also PREM\- <^2»^sla£^i3L
TURK DECAY, UNNATURAL LOSSES WAST Js&P^^^ft
• ING DRAINS. NERVOUS DEBILITY 'STRICT «£&£? «
CUE, RUPTURE. PILES, VARICOCELE AND «3§i? F
PRIVATE DISEASES. <«|B} fjst^ ^J
NO PAY TILL CURED— ADVICE FREE. m^Hl
The price of a cure may be deposited in any iwi : arifflm&^
San Francisco bank, to be paid only when the pa- i"^;^J!fiPr ? '%SK'
tient is well, or payments may be made in monthly
installments. No charge for consultation dmi \sSfe tt ( :«
HOME CURES Dr. Meyers & Co. cure a great WM\ )w»
many patients every year without seeing them -■■ ~" -^"^ "-Tl.
Those who are interested should write for question list, free advice and
full particulars. All correspondence confidential
? l AT % ■ BO .° K^ FREE-Dr. Meyers & Co. have recently issued a
new book 'Private Counselor and Marriage Guide," for men only. This
little publication, which is sent sealed to all who write, or given to all
who call at the office, contains a great deal of valuable information for
men, young or old, sick or well, married or single. '
DR. MEYERS & CO.
f*7 *3 4 Market Street, elevator Hours-s to 5 Daily.
/Jl San Francisco. ENTRANCE. ivenfn'lT-V^o B. \
of $10. This will probably bring the own
ers of the schooner to time.
The ship Eclipse left Port Gajnble on
December 25 for Algoa Bay with 1465.500
feet of lumber, valued at $10.564. She ar
rived at her destination on March 26. but
has not yet completed discharging. <m
April 25 a terrific storm came up and the
ship's cables parted. As she was being
driven ashore three tugs proffered their
assistance and agreed to tow the Eclipse
to a safe anchorage for $1500. rapiain
Peterson accepted the offer and now the
insurance companies will have to charge
that amount to profit and loss.
David Van Iderstine. a collector for
the San Francisco Lumber Company, fell
down in an apoplectic fit at the corner of
Montgomery and Po^t streets yesterday.
He was removed to the Harbor Hospit il
and attended by Dr. yon der Leith. He is
a very sick man and may not recover.
Sailors who ship here for a voyage to
Australia must be able to read and write
or rise they will not be allowed to land
in the colonies. The San Francisco ship
Oarrolton took three natives in her crew
and the captain had to put up a $l.V»0 bond
for them. They escaped, but luckily proof
was forthcoming that they had shipped^ on
another vessel, so the money whs not for
feited. This state of affairs was hrought
about by a recent act of the Australian
Parliament.
McMAHON BUYS ALARIA.
The Popular Horseman Leaves To-
Night for Denver.
Frank Mclfahon, thr well-known horpp
' man and all-round good fellow, leaves this
; city for Denver on this evening's tral
i Tho popular horseman will take with him
a strinß of horses that should be first to
the wire on more than a few or
during the cominp race meet at Denver.
Just after the season closed ni Emery
ville McMahon purchased the fasi marc
Alnria from Corrtgran n; a private sale.
Amonp the other horses which he will
take with him are HLorton, Stromo and
Flora Hawk.
Maria's clever win from Recreation
! during the last days of the season whioh
lias iust closed marks her as the making
of a ;.'<.n(i bread-winner and McMahon
• should pick up a tew stray dollars on her
; in Denver.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh . strep;, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
. ■» .
Her R?form a Sham.
About two months ago Mrs. Mary Grif
fin was arrested for cruelty to children.
She was a slave to il ri * =k . but a great deal
( of sympathy was enlisted for her owing
to her family. 9ho promised Judge Gra
hnm to take, the pi Igi and did so. Of
-1 fleer McMurray of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children and
others Interested themselves In the woman
and collected enough money to furnish a
home for her and her children at 3168
Lily -avenue. Yesterday morning Mc-
Murray was notified that the woman had
been drinking again, and when he visited
the house It was in a filthy condition
Mrs. Griffin and two young children were
taken to the City Prison and a charge of
cruelty to children was booked against
her.
■ ♦ . :
Soldiers on a Rampage.
Ralph P. Avery and L,endorf Stevens;
two soldiers from Kansas, got drunk
Monday night and because M. J. Collins,
saloon keeper, 2816 Greenwich street, re
fused to give them liquor they threw
rocks at the bar and broke five bottles
Of liquor. They were arrested for mali
cious mischief and appeared before Judge
Mogan yesterday. They promised to pay
for the damage, and on telling the Judge
that they knew Brigadier General Fun
ston he dismissed the case and advised
them to reserve throwing rocks till they
got to Manila,
ilo ULJ ft '
to you"iii
At 12 o'clock
TOMORROW
RC Superb Residence
111 Business Lots
Will Be Sold
At Auction!
Have you seen them ? If not it will certainly pay you
to do so at once. We have done our part and
Glen Park Terrace
Is ready for the builder. Streets and lots all in shape.
Everything done but to fix the prices. You are to
do that. The terms are only 4 cash.
Take the San Mateo electric cars (Mission and
Valencia transfer at Fourteenth) and ride to the
park entrance — there's where the lots are situated —
and they are beauties. Remember, you must see the
property and be at 10 Montgomery street at 12
o'clock Thursday — to-morrow.
BALDWIN & fIOWELL, Auctioneers, 10 Montgomery Street.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
ha. Steamers . leave Broadway
BHb,^. wharf, San Francisco:
frtSKSßh^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a m. .
fBr^Srfts% May 21. 26, 31; June 5; change
MHkJM^I For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
iSßuStk'&luA C), Port Tnwnsend, PfatU*.
•^"^SfeSfPlKi Taccma. Everett, Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m.. May 21. 26. SI: June
5. and every fifth' day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
1 Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. May
I 19. 24, 29; June 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., May 20, 24. 28; June 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. May 18, 22. 26. $0; June 3. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour* of Railing.
TICKET OFFICE — New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agte.,
10 Market st . San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC *•'- First Class Including Herthj
IHIIL $8 Second Class and .Meals.
Columbia sails May 23.
State of. California sails May IS, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
\ Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
SEW TOES. SOUTHAMPTON. LOHDOS, PARI\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New. York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York May 31 New York June 21
St. Paul June 7 St. Paul June 28
6t. Louis June 14 St. Louis July 5
RED bTAR LINE.
*->w Yo^lj «in^ Jnrtv^n.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington May 31 ! Southwark June 21
Noordland June 7:We?tern!and ...June 28
Frlesland June 14 Kensington July 5
EHH>lUti LINE,
Seattle. St.. Michael. Uawsoi CU*.
For full Information- regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
SO Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday for
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin - , «.
City of Rome. 935. Other Steamers, $30.
Steerage Passage
Rome, $25.50. Furnessla. $24.50. Other
Stra.. $23.50.
For Book of Tours and information applj to
HENDERSON BROTHERS,
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green, New for*.
Or J. ■■ F. FUGAZI, 5 Montgomery St.,
Or I*. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St.,
Or R. R. RITCHIE, 2 %'ew Montgomery St..
.SAN FRANCISCO.
MefommmMXidk The S. S. Australia
■aS^NKBJftSSIIE Pa!lH tor Honolulu
Elii'M t™ • Wednesday, May 31.
H^lffl . at - r m -
PmmmmßMUH s - "- s - - Australia
lEmNIE ° alLs for Honolulu
•^■■■■■* Wednesday, May 31.
R^^^T^N S. S. Alameda sails
«a. i J sE *fif vla Honolulu nrvi
C)lu]!lUlliy^ Auckland for Sydney
<399&^ (nU\Plfflll~ Wednesday, June 14,
rC5^ VyiN|UUlCq^ at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. 'Australia, India, Suez,
■England, etc*.; $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS& BROS. CO.. Aots.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St.
COMPAGJUE GENERALS TBANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. 4?wJst7\
from Pier 42, North River, foot of*****
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. May 27; LA GAS-
COGNE. June 3: LA CHAMPAGNE, June 10;
LA BRETAGNE. June 17; LA TOURAINE.
June 24. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward
& per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class
to Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery aye., San Francisco. '
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KM KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, lpm for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
Indfn. etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Falling.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 22
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market st., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON~EXCURS7ONST
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m!
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. ru.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOB I). S. navy-yard AND YALLEJD.
Steamer "Monticello."
WON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Mala 1508.
FARE 60c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
iwUnion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE-
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CABS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3V4 DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via 8«uaallt« Perry. .
Commencing April 23. U39.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALL
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, '8:00. *9:30. 11:00 a. m. •
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00. r 6. »6:00. ":30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sund. vs. at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS -»8: »9:00 »10:"0. 1100 11 -
a. m.; 1:00. *1:45. »2:30. '4:00. 5:30. 6:46 p m
11:00 a. m. does ;.ot run to S'n Raf'l Sundays
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Vary Sundays!
Trains marked (•) run to San Q..entin.
FROM SAN RAi'AEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:25. -6:40 7:55. 8:40, •1O»9
a. m.: 12:30. 2:45, •? « 4:35, 6:15 p. ml
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 .- a 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *8:00. »9:45. «10:45. *11:45 ,
a. m.. 1:00. 2:20, »3:SO. »5:15. «6:00. 7:00. 10.15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VAM,~:V TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50. 7:55. 8:55. 10:ti
a. m.: 12:35,2:45. 4:65, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20. 2:40, 3:55. 5:80. »M. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and war eta'n*.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.'
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Kerry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. IS9S.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving In 8. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8. 9. 10 and U a. m. and 1:45. 2:10
- and 4 p. m.
. Far*. 8. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40. .
, -runs COOK & SON. Aitts.. 621 Market st.
; BAILBOAO TBAYZ&, .jjigl
MVTIIEKS I*A<-IVJC: tOJIfANT.
\:\:.[: Pacific stbtex.)
Twain* !*»»<• nail nre ilne to arrlv* mi
MAN I'ltAMl'tSl'O.
(Main Line, Foot cf Market Street)
leave — From Mat 7. 1539. . — arrits
7:OOa I>nici:i. Balsaa .in 1 Sacramento.... 5:4Sp
7i««.\ llarj-3villo, OroTilloaud if •d.ling -vi*
Woodlanrl 3:4. ip
7:OOa. Elmlra, Vii<"»vi!i9 and. B:l.>p
7::t«»A Martinet, San Ramos, VaJlejo. Napa,
(,'alistoga anil Santa Uos» O:l."ip
B:<>l>\ Atlautic Ivspieu, Ogilen ami Rait.. S:l3p
»::t«»A San .lo«a, l.ivrrmoro, Block ton.
lon* tWcra:noiito. r!acerviUe,
aiaryßTille. Chico, RwlJßlnß «>>•*
8:«0\ *MiUou, Oakdalo an. l Konar* <:Isp
O:OO\ Uaywards, Hilea and Way station!. 1 1:43 a
O:OO.\ Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and l-'iv«no 12:13*
OiO(»a Fr«3iio, B»kerB> 1 Santa H»*l>ara.
Los Anßele*, Deralng, El I'aso,
N( ««Brl :ai a and F.»st o:<».">r
10:0O\ Vnllejn. Jlnrtinez and Wny Stations 7:45»
1 1 :»O k Haywar us. K.I, 3 and Wuy Stations. «i 43»
l^:«M»>: KUe«, Livcrmore, .Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mcmlcta. Hanford, Visalii,
rcrterrille •itl!I»
•l:«Or Sacramento Hirer Ste»n;i-ni "StOOp
3:<»oi- Harivards, Niks and Way Stations. »:43r
*:u» Martinez, s m Ran m ' Vallejo.
Napa, C'aliatnga, SmiMßom 0:13 a
**4M>r Benida, VacaviUo. i^acrarueuto,
Woodland. KiilghU Landing.
MarysTillp, Orotille 10:4.1*
4::iOp JCileii. fian. lose and Stockton ....... 7:l?>*
4tSop YoßcmiteSlccpi-.g far for Haymoml IS:l5f
StOOp Stockton, Mercud. Fresno 12:15*
s:oopJlartim-z, Tr&cy, Meodota, Fre*no,
Mi.jaTo and l.o^ Aiik<>!.h S:l.iA
a.OOp .SanU i,, Konta, Atlautla rxi)re»s
' forMo]aT«i ii ml Rant 6:43»
O:OOr The Owl. no, -retold, San-
ta Barbara, LosAngflea 8:45 a
OiOOp rciirnpr:iii Mull, Ugile i mid Kiut.... »:1»A
6:00p Haywarils, M!es iind Han Jose 7:45 a
•muff Vallejo 12:13*
7i4>(ti*OrvKoii lsx|ir«M,K»rr«i)ieiit(i, "M«ry«-
\illo. llml.lliiK, 1' -.., I. J'Hget
tlimiidniid Ennt 7:454
J»:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions jl°: >P
COAST DIVISION (Harrow Ounce). "
(Foot >'. Market Strcr.t.) J
J7:43a Santa Cmz Excursion for Santa
Cniz and Principal Way S'atiom JS:O3»
Newark, Oentervill I SanJ.we,Felton.
Boulder Crpek.SaDta On:z and Way
Stations 5:30*
•2:15p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Feiton, Houlile>- Crc«k,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "10:50*
4:15p Sku Jose, Cilenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20*
M:l3rFelton, BanU Cruz and Way Sta-
tions ' /»:20*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
7romS.\N raiECISCO— Foot of Ksrltet Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 r:00 11:00 A.M. Jl:30 '2:03 {3:09
M:O3 JC:OO *6:00r.M.
fromOilUHD— root »rBro»d«»T.— '6:00 8:00 10^0».M.
112:00 »l:00 ta:eo '3:03 t«:C3 "S^QP.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townaend Stg.)
•0:1 Oa Ocean View. South San Francisco.. *0:30»
•7:OOa Sail Joao ami \V*y Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only). l>3o*
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose.
Santa Cruz, Padfia Grove ana
Principal Way Stations 18:33*
WjOOa San .lose. 'Ires I'luos, vita Crux,
l'acilic prove Paso Iloble*. Sail
Luis Oliifli»<, (liiadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way HtattiilW 4:10*
10:40 a Pan .Tote and Way Stations »8:OO*
11:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations 0:30*
•S:43rSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jom,
Gilroy. Holliater, Sauta, Cruz,
.v '. Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove *lO:3Ra
•8:3 Op San Jose and Way Stations  *9:OO*
•4:lspBanJoieaniH'rii!Cipal Way Stations !»:13a
•3:00p San Josoand Principal Way Stations «::{•"»*
5:30p San.Toßa aud Principal Way Stations *8:33*
C.-:tOp San Jose and Way Stations 7:30*
t11:45p Sail Joso and Way Stations " 7:»0p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
(Saturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market 6t.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 0:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:06,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
came schedule as above.
Leave ■ l Arrive
i San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. 1 _ — April 16, -
Week Sun- 1*99. Sun- Week
Days. days. ! Destination. days. Days.
> 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm ( 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm' Santa Itaa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
1:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdfburg;
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pta
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
C:lopm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ! 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skai?gs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
P.ucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Booneville, Philo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro. Whitesboro. Albion. Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mf ldoclno City. Fort Bragg,
WeFtport, Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonville, Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids.
H C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. , Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting: Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
' DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M, th»
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. "BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SA« FRANCISCO TICKfIFiCE— HI MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1511.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. 1899. trains will run as follow*)
South-bound. North-bound.
Pa«sen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Bxe'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:50 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
1:10 am 2:03 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am) 6:35 pro Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:35 ami 7:43 pm Hanford 7:46 am 1:45 pn»
2:25 pm 12:30 am BtLkersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 ara
11:69 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:63 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Btoppln* at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Offlce. 321 Market
Mreet. San Francisco.
f~~*%^ J^r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iU^J|S (Wit KEARNV ST, Established
aJ)r. Gibson's Dispensary,
U*Ji% KEARNV ST. Established
In 1554 for the treatment of Private
fSLjLSktaSI Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
•®il2&lsK«a disease vr oaring on body and mind and
*3fsit*L «£s skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
oScSft»''*SJ3 nln *' rsf ' ail - Try him. Cu.trpea low
QflSZ&ansSf ui-enznarantrrd. Callorwrlto.
3»r. J. i< . t,iliV.*>S, Box 1957. 5au Fr&ncUoa.
910
THREATENED TO
SHOOT IF NOT
GIVEN A LOIN
Gripman Mott Very
Much in Love.
MISS SCHOMBERG'S PERIL
A STRUGGLE FOR LIFE IN A
LAWYERS OFFICE.
The Lady's Attorney, Hugh S. Aid
rich, Finds Many Mementoes
of the Contest in His
Waiting Room.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, May 23.
"Murder! Murder! Police! Police!"
m the oilice of At-
THE STRUGGLE FOR THE PISTOL.
torney Hugh 6. Aldrlch In the Blake &
Moffltt block to-day rapidly drew a crowd
into the corridors. By the time Professor
Knowlton, Janitor Spencer and others
had reached the office door a man and a
woman struggling violently for the pos
session of a pistol came into the passage
and continued their scuffling. The ap
pearance of several men caused the man
to throw down his pistol and make his
escape as - ion as possible. The lady re
tired into the attorney's office.
The woman, who declares she came
near being murdered, is Miss Eliza
Schomlu-rg, a servant in some family at
Frultvale. Her assailant was Frank
Mott, a gripman on the San Pablo avenue
road. The details of the incident, as told
by Attorney Aldrich, make it very plain
that jc-alousy is at the bottom of the at
tempted tragedy.
Miss Schomberg' met Mott several years:
ago and the two have been very Intimate
friends. The lady loaned Mott $20, and
recently he asked for an additional loan
of $200.
Miss Schomberg being acquainted with
Attorney Aldrich called on him this noon
to discuss the advisability of loaning her
lover any more money. The attorney was
out, and while the woman was waiting
Frank Mott entered the office. He at once
demanded of her that she should con
tinue to be as good a friend to him as j
during the last ten years. 'From his lan
guage he seemed to Infer that taking
legal advice as to the loan was equivalent
to casting him aside. Miss Schomberg
says that he produced a pistol and told
her that if she were thinking of leaving <
him he would kill her and then kill him
self on the spot. She rushed at him, at
tempting to grab the pistol, and being a
powerful woman she was able to prevent !
him using it until she had pushed him I
into the hall, when Others came to her aid. !
The struggle was very tierce, as was
shown by the fact that the pistol was
"broken" during the contest and some of i
the cartridges fell on the Boor, where they
were found by Attorney Aidrich. In his ;
flight Mott picked up his gun and took it
with him. Reminiscences of the struggle ,
were seen all over the office of the attor
ney, and some of the bystanders took
away fragments of the lady's broken
hair comb as souvenirs of the occasion.
Frank Mott was arrested to-night and
brought to the City Prison, charged with
carrying a concealed weapon, His bail
was fixed at $100, which be was unable to I
furnish. Mis version of the affair at At
torney Aldrich'a office this afternoon va
ries materially from the story told by
Miss Schomberg.
"Tills woman has been pestering the j
life out of me to marry her. " said Mott,
"and because I cannot see my way clear
to accommodate her she is trying to make
trouble for me. We have been very Inti
mate friends, but, you see, I've got a
wife and two children back in Illinois, so
I couldn't very well marry Miss Schom
berg. My wife and I separated several
years asm because we' could not get along
well together.
"Miss Schomberg has been trying to in
duce me to secure a divorce, and this aft
ernoon she went to Attorney Aldrich's
office to ascertain whether I had com- '
menced proceedings. In doing this she
interfered with my affairs and I got sick ;
of it, and so I followed her up and made
a bluff to scare her off. I had my revol
ver, unloaded, in my pocket. I did not
draw it. and made no attempt to injure
her, but just as soon as she saw me she ;
save a scream and ran out of the office.
1 have never asked her for a cent, but she
has frequently demanded money of me.
If she intends to make further trouble for
me in this way I guess I can fire back
and make trouble for her as well."
WOOLLEY IN TROUBLE.
Mrs. McShane-Langford Suing for
Divorce.
OAKLAND. May 2.l.— Mrs. Thomas
Lar.gford, formerly Mrs. Mattie tfc-
Bhane, of tliis city, ?nd who was UQsa
WooUey of Berkeley, is suing Thomas
Langtord for a divorce in Humboldt
County, and one result of her suit Is that
her father. John Woolley, has been held
to answer to a charge of perjury.
Mrs. Langford Ifi well known in Oak
land and Berkeley as Mrs. McShane, for
mer wife of the senior partner of the old
dry goods firm of Kennedy & McShane.
Mr. MeShane was found dead at Berkeley
two years ago in his room with gas es
caping from a let While suicide was
hinted at, a verdict of accidental death
; was returned by a jury. Less than a year
after McShane : s death the widow mar
ried Langford and went to live at Eu
reka, After two months <>f married life
they separated. Mrs. Langford brought
suit for divorce on the ground of cruelty,
and Langford sued her for the recovery
j of $6(X>O. used t'i pay off the mortgage on
j Mrs. Langford'a property. Mrs. Langford
! filed a cross complaint f'^r $4000. The di
vorce and other suits have not yet been
decided, hut Mrs. Langford's petition for
an allowance has been denied, as she is
possessed of more property than her hus
band. It was in connection with these
suits that Woolley gave the testimony
which led to his arrest.
New Grand Jury Panel.
OAKLAND, May 2".— The following new
Grand Jury panel was drawn to-day to
appear before Judge Hall next Friday
morning:
L E. Osgood. W. F. Pierce, Charles Le
ver, C. R. Root. V,\ H. H. Hamilton. Os
wald Lubbock. William Roberts. Patrick
E. Dalton, George Melnecko, George W.
D..rnin. J. J. ''annT. Bronson Barbie 1
I c Morehonse, Henry B. Schindkr, C.
AY Damon. John S. Derley. Dewitt C.
Gasklll, W. W. Whitman, Ernest
H. ■! ween H. D. Irwin, James Moffitt, Asa
1 White J. L- Barker. M. L. Broadwell,
R S. Farrelly, Franklin Bangs, James G.
Vanderpeer, J. L. Heotchler, E. K. Strow
bridge, P. Wilbert.
Three Divorces Granted.
OAKLAND. May L>:i. Judge Ogden to
ri, iv denied Alfred Bushnell a divorce
from Jane Bushnell because the corrob
!!; of testimony on the charge of will
ful desertion was not s'ltllcient. Johanna
X Stolk was granted a divorce from
Frederick • >. Stolk on the ground of will
ful neglect, with alimony at $7r> per month.
I A divorce was also granted to Louisa A.
Dearen from George W. Dearen for de
:. and to John Sorenson from Kate
Sorenson on the same ground.
THE REAPER CLAIMS A
PIONEER ARCHITECT
WILLIAM PATTON DIES AT HIS
HOME IN ALAMEDA.
ALAMEDA, May 23.— William Patton,
one of the pioneer architects of the Pa
cific Coast, who designed a portion of
San Francisco's new City Hall, died this
morning at his home. 2253 Central avenue,
Alameda. He had been ill for a number
of months, suffering from cancer of the
throat, and his death had been expected
daily. Deceased was a native of Sunder
land, England, aged 7S years. When a boy
he entered an architect's office and served
his apprenticeship. When news of the
gold discoveries in California reached the
old country he wa.s among the first to
start for the new El Dorado. He came
around the Horn in the same vessel with
Thomas Blythe, and Die two were fast
friends up to the time of the latter's
death.
After passing several years in the mines
Mr. Patton returned to San Francisco
and opened an architect's office on Wash
ington street, where he followed his pro
• n with great success and amassed
a fortune, part of which, however, was
lost in late years by unprofitable specu
lation. Mr. Patton married in San Fran
cis* <>. About twenty years ago he built
his home at 2853 Central avenue and took
up his residence in Alameda.
Many of 'San Francisco's early land
marks were designed by Mr. Patton.
Some of them have since been turn down
while others are still standing monu
ments to the architect's skill. Among
the San Francisco buildings designed by
him are the Sutter-street Synagogue the
Safe Deposit building, Donahue block.
Mission and Fremont streets; the old
Starr King church, since replaced by the
new structure; thp old chronicle^buliding,
Hush and Kearny streets, and me Alca
zar building. He was supervising archi
tect of the new City Hall, and designer
of the northwest and northeast wings, the
City Prison and the Hall of Records.
Many of the tlnr-st buildings in Alameda
were also designed by him.
Mrs. Patton died. about fourteen yearn
ago. Two sons, William and Clarence
Patton, survive the father. Deceased was
a member of the Society of California
Pioneers. The funeral services will be
held under the auspices of the society.
•■ ♦ ■
STRUCK BY A LOCAL.
His Pegleg Caught and Aged Edward
Walker Fell in Front of the
Locomotive.
OAKLAND, May Edward Walker,
aged 79 years and an inmate of the San
Francisco Almshouse, was struck by the
new broadgauge local at the narrow
gauge mole this afternoon and may die
from his injuries.
Walker's left leg consists of a stump
fixed in a peg strapped to his thigh. In
some manner this peg became fastened
between the boards near the track and
Walker fell in front of the locomotive.
At the Receiving Hospital he was treat
ed by Dr. Stratton for a fractured left
thigh and arm and numerous serious
bruises about the head. Though he seemed
to be conscious all the while his chances
for recovery are considered meager owing
to his advanced age. Walker stated In
whispers that he had intended walking to
Santa Clara.
An Appeal for Funds.
The committee of the Native Sons of
the Golden West of the California volu
teer medal fund has through John T.
Greany, the chairman, and Frank B.
Hyan, the secretary, issued an appeal tv
the subordinate parlors of the order to
lend their assistance in raising the money
required, namely, between $12,000 and $15,-
OfiO. to procure the medals that are to be
donated to the California volunteers upon
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 24, 1899.
their return to their native soil. The ap
peal concludes in these words: "The
committee will expect to hear from your
parlor in a substantial way in the near
future The occasion calls for prompt
action, and in the words of the grand
president, 'Let every Native Son do his
duty." "
FAIR CASE DELAYED.
Supreme Court Ordered th© Appeals
Resubmitted.
After all the litigation as to the two
■wills of James Q. Fair, there Is yet an
other delay. Yesterday the Supreme
Court made the following order:
Charles L. Fair vs. James S. Ag^ius
et al.
In the ahove entitled appeals, one
of the Justices of this court not hav
ing hoard the arguments and there
fore being disqualified to participate in
the decisions thereof, and it being
deemed important that all the Jus
tices should participate. It is order, d
that the submission of said appeals be
set aside and that they be resubmitted
to the full court. As the briefs on
these appeals are very elaborate and
as several of the oral arguments made
at the hearing have been printed and
are on file, counsel for the several
parties may stipulate if they so desire
to immediately resubmit the cases on
the briefs and printed arguments nov;
on file; otherwise they will be placed
for argument on the next July calen
dar.
The order is lucid on Its face and re
fers to the fact that Justice Van Dyke,
who succeeded Justice Van Fleet, did not
officially hear the argument in the ap
peals. Hence their resubmlssion. There
is little doubt in the minds of attorneys
but that counsel will agree to stipulate
for the resubmlssion on the briefs on
file.
READY TO PARADE.
Men of the Naval Militia Will Come
to the City on Decoration Day.
The Santa Cruz- division of the Naval
Militia will take part in the parade on
Decoration day. There will be at least
fifty men who will come up on a special
train and with the two divisions from this
city and the men from the engineer divi
sion they will help to make the biggest
turnout the Naval Militia has so far put
upon the street. There will be a battery
of artillery from the divisions from this
city— four guns and over a hundred men
and officers— and several sections of in
fantry.
It was as artillery the Naval Militia first
offer. itself to the Government at the
outbreak of the war, and the battery
which will turn out on Decoration day
will be the formation that was offered at
that time. Each of the four guns will
be manned by twenty-four men, three
petty officers and a commissioned officer,
and altogether they will make a formid
able formation. The guns are the latest
Hotchkiss one-pounders and good at a
range of 2500 yards. • •
The detachment will be under the com
| mand of Captain L. 11. Turner and Lieu
tenant Commander T. A. Nerney.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
At a meeting of the Chamber of Com
merce yesterday afternoon Congressman
•fiillus Kahn wus selected to represent
th< Chamber of Commerce at the Trans-
Mississippi empress. He was instructed
to request the indorsement by the con
gress of the Hanna-Payne shipping bill,
now before Congress.
The committee on foreign relations and
commerce reported, indorsing the plan of
the Ho Vow Company for an international
trading company between this country
and China.
Union Men Strike.
Organized labor is having trouble with
the firm of Campbell <fc Pettls, contractors
for the brick work on the new training
school being erected on Goat Island.
Walking Delegate Saundera ascertained
that the eight-hotir law was being vio
lated and caused warrants to be Issued
for th- arrests of the offenders. The la
bor unions reported the violation to La
bor Commissioner Fitzgerald, who went
to the Island and found that skilled labor
had been dispensed with and non-union
labor employed Instead. On the Btrength
of the troubles all of the union men at
work on the job went out on a strike yes
terday.
Slashed With a Razor.
Lizzie Smith, a colored woman living at
303 i'ost street, was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital yesterday morning to have
a long deep wound in each arm stitched
and dressed. She and two colored men
had been drinking all night in a house on
luish and Dupont streets, when a row
started and one of the men drew a razor
and attempted to cut Lizzie's thoat. She
threw up her arms to protect her throat.
When asked for the name of the razor
wielder she said that she would not tell
and would die game. She was sent home.
Slapped Madarne's Face.
Mme. Ayeesha Bentenye of Little
Egypt's troupe, performing at a theater
on Market street, swore to a complaint
In Judge Grahani - .s court yesterday for
the arrest of Ed Homan, proprietor of
the theater, on the charge of battery.
Madame asserts that Sunday she and lit
tle Egypt had a dispute and Homan came
upon the scene. He accused the madame
■ ! being jealous of Little Egypt and
slapped her face real hard. Homan was
arrested and released on cash ball.
Printer Dyer Still Missing.
The fate of C. E. Dyer, the missing
printer supposed to have been drowned,
is still involved in obscurity. Coroner
Hill received a letter yesterday from a
relative of Dyer at Angels ("amp. Cala
veras County, stating that the knife and
spoon on the person of the unknown
drowned man found in the bay last week
were not those belonging to Dyer. In the
meantime Dyer remains missing.
Republican Club No. 1.
Republican Club No. 1 of the Thlrty
i third Assembly District met last evening
at MoGinniss" Hall, Twenty-fourth and
i Alabama streets, and affected a perma
nent organization. Its officers are: T.
Cavanaugh, president; L. Holden. vice
president; 1». Kelton. financial secretary;
O. W. Freund, corresponding secretary;
P. O'Brien, treasurer. The club will meet
; next Wednesday evening.
Wedded at Washington.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— William Ne-
I her of San Francisco and Miss Susan
Sherling of this city were married here
to-day.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W 6 Earns, Decatur C C I'esmond, Los An
H Eppinger Jr, Cal Mr ami Mrs Bergen.
Q F Newcombe USN Krujiand
Z U Rene, NY II i ' I)iivirl?on. N V
O II Hahn, Mexico C C Kuchuc, Hungary
s Radlaner, N* i E Saxeohuer. Hungry
H L Jackson,? US AH J Allen. Los Ange
J Nervill, I' S A IDr O C Wilboner.
Mrs J Nervill, USA I^onß Bea^h
X Wurrcn. Tr-.v A I- Schoflel.i, N V
A J Kp<3d, Manila I A L StParns. N V
(.' M Garver. USN !R Whitoley, N V
S Moore. Louisville |a W Brown. N V
.1 Karloni, Jai>an | R Hering, N V
O B Moffat, N V \V H Lee. Chicago
H B Whit". BmnVlvn II H Martin. San Joee
H S Snow, Brooklyn Mrß Martin, San Jos«
Q A Hallard, N I Mrs/T T Williams. Cal
T Feany. I'a W P Mason, N V
J - NfidPl'lor. Kacto Mrs W P Mason, NY
Mrs Neldrffer. Sacto ' Mrs Benson. N V
M Hirshfeld, Texas ;\v S McDowell. Engld
X Counlns. Texas G F Bldwell, Omaha
<; H Kiinan, Cleveland Mrs Bidwell. Omaha
II RWi.lell, Minnesota v R Robinson. N V
F R I-ans. I' S A B F Bretherton. N V
J E Keeler. Mt Ham s B Sach, N V
T T Williams. Minn <: H Ough. Nebr
J A Coffin, t: S A C V Zollars. Denver
S C Bothwell, USA ,J C Bentz. Pasadena
I R C Jensen, Omaha ll> Zobleln. 1^ Ang
R D H Vrom, N V 'Mrs Weaverson. Portd
I) T Imvies, Michigan C n Clay. I" S A
J J Pirklnnnn. N V Mrs T L Smith, Ky
Mrs Dlfklnson, N V Mrs A T Overshine. O
I C C Dickinson, NY O C. Hunter. N V
! .1 F Knight S J Mnrsfleld. N V
II .T McGrath. USA T P .Incobs. Hanford
Mrs H J MoGrath L Pevy. N V
j O Llppinrott. Los Ang;: A Macartney, Kenwo
X A Biers. N V iMiss Porter, Kenwood
GRAND HOTEL.
J Flanagan, Mendoeno|H H Blood. Cal
<• M Root, Murphys A GrunaueT & w. Cal
A B Stewart. Stanford| J Topley & w, Vallejo
II Smith. Stanford iMrs A H Dainty, Chgo
I W W Patterson. Cal C Metcalf & w. Pa
R A Rogers, Cal IN A Randall. Wash
W E Schulze, Chgo L E Doan, L Ang
W F Parker. L Ang C Elden. Boston
!F H Green. S Rafael G W Crlpper &w. Cal
IH S Kline &w, Chgo D Healy. Sacto
jC R Buchnell. S Cruz H Lipplneott, USA
W II Leacock & w. Mrs L Bevin. Nev
] Toronto Master Bevln. Nev
; J Reuse, Idaho ,T N Nordyke, S Mateo
! R Diller, Chico |"W Ash, San Mateo
! L J Van Sehack, USA F H McMillan. Rock H
! A M Rhipp. USA R B Blunt. S Mateo
i O H Johnson, Cal B T Oilman, Maryßvl
| Q S Andrei. Cai C Hudson. Marysvilla
A T Myner, S Barbara H P Smith, San Jose
M Mlerson, Plncervilie F T McJenkin. S Mato
S 11 Mierson. Placervl F H Farrar. Merced
J C Campbell. Marysvl C A Johnson. Columbia
E L Bakr-r. Salem Mrs H M Brown. Cal
J C yon Wagner. Salem Mrs T F Daniel. Cal
J T Doyle. Stockton H L Knapp. Sonora
C G Wilcox. Vlsalia E W Jardine. Sonera
H H Harlow. Gold Glc Mrs O A Ellis". CliRO
W V Adams. OgAea Mrs C G Rogers. Mloh
Mrs G B McKee. S Jse H J Srhoder. Stanford
Mlsa McKee. San Jose H R Farley, Salinas
Mrs M M "VVaite. S Jse F Helmke, Blacksburjf
J D Call. Stanford C X Cadman, lMnole
W S Jenkins. Sonora W M Hilton. Glen Elln
F E Smith. Del W J Carlisle. Tulare
F W Foxworthy, Ind S H Davis. Sacto
Mrs E Spensler. Mo IC Blankneld. N V
Miss E Behnsen. RC G F Evans. Or
G H Westervelt. N V iA C Rosendale. Cal
R Grieve & w, Honolu Miss S Grant. Oakland
F H BaUßhan, Sustilvl F A Spenprlar. Mo
J A Miller Jr. Stanfrd W H Drmne. Nev
H J Small. Sacto A B Coleman. Martm
Mm N F Bldcile. S Jse J E Colton, Martinez
L H Parks, Marysville J F Cooper & w. Watvl
G A Smith, Courtland
NSW WESTERN HOTEL.
J McLean &w, Kans I L. Sprague. Manila
W Erlaw, Detroit !.I Hall New York
J C Ellis, Los Gatoe !A H Pratt. Boston
T J Fitzgerald S JoselW H Mathews. Or
G White. Taooma J D Lewis, Oakdale
G C Cappel. Fresno IF Melnerney, Pn Jose
A J Brlce. Kansas !H (" Boyle. Sacto
G P Denman, Phlla ID Morton, Col fax
J B Mason, Idrla ill L Graham, Lathrop
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclse*
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
JS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
IC6 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
252S Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
Ftroets: open until 9 o'clock.
• MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. and M
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)^J%_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- jLJK
gree. THEO. FROLICH. Secretary, /V >
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _/V_
DAY) EVENING, May 24, at ■•30TClr
o'clock. Third decree. /^r '
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— a
Called meeting this Wednesday) -JV_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 3d degree, JS JsT
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary, />r^
MORSE Lodge No. 257. I. O. O. P. - ..^alßfcya...
Initiation THIS (WEDNESDAY) ijßiSagßfc
EVENING, May 24. A full at-^^)Ss^*gF
tendance desired; visitors cor- -W-SR**"^
dlnlly invited. GEO. BROWN. N. G.
C. BRIND, Rec. Sec.
BRITISH Benevolent Society Z*T
of California— Queen's birth- VS3? A
day anniversary dinner. <storfsfg>Sa-
Merchants' club. 222 Sun- jESpIKKjJ
tome fit.. \\ "EDNESI >A V >5 jKMKK*3tt(5?
EVENING, May . 24, at 7 <J%£M%}Mi>
o'clock Tickets, $2 50. at ■ WVh^Vc^C^
604 Merchant st. and Dox- kj«^4L__s6^V(CV
ey'B, Palace Hotel building. * SQ ' "Sams* 1 XTC
W. CLAYTON PICKERSGILL,
H. B. M. Consul General. President.
G. C. WOODWARD, Secretary. ,
THE Caledonian Club will hold its A Cy >•,
thirty-third annual gathering .and 3S. C»l#7
game:- at Shell Mound Park on NJjKXtlf
TUESDAY. May 30. As usual, 'fcafiNl'
the best athletes of the Pacific Coast will
compote for prizes of coin. Jewels, badges and
other articles of value; $2500 in cash will be
distributed to successful competitors; full
bands and renowned bag pipers will furnish
music for the grounds and dancing platform;
a Highland hospitality will be extended to
guests and an unpqualed day of pleasure will
be afforded to all comers; buy tickets for
Shell Mound Park; adults 60c; children 25c.
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR, Sec.
NOTICE Is hereby Riven by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June. A. D. 1599, at 11 o'clock in the tore-
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of paid Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of Bald Company,
number 327 Market st., In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000), in
United states gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
'to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company: and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and calling: ships and all other property of
said company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic .Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] B. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
WANTED to purchase, large quantities of stock
of the Consolidated Imperial Mining Com-
pany, at 1 cent per share, from private par-
ties only; replies from brokers not noticed;
will take all that is offered at that figure.
Address Box 181; Call office.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mad*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
m. OK Montgomery Ft., room- 9-10: t»l. r.SJO.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 93 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany on and after THURSDAY. June 1. 1899.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY, May
21, 1599. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 42E Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
"C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
A number of first-class cooks and housegirls
of all nationalities now on hand; very best of
hotel help furnished at short notice. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT the Swedish and Gorman Employment
Bureau a number of first-class girls are
awaiting situations. MRS. NORTON, 313
Putter.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to assist
housework or care of children: references; $10
to $12. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A YOUNG German woman wishes work by the
day. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutler.
A SWEDISH houseglrl, first-class cook and
laundress ; best references. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation cooking and housework; wages $10
to $15; country preferred. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ■ '
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS' CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook. young and
strong, desires situation; understands all
branches of cooking; best of references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. i
AT the German Employment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell St.. tel. Main 5332,
help of all natlonaltles await positions.
YOUNG nurseglrl wishes to take care of. 1
child. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell st.
SCANDINAVIAN cook and second girl, a moth-
er and daughter, with 6V4 years' reference
from last place, want situations. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED — A situation by dlplomee young
lady, well versed In French, Italian, Ger-
man and English; prefers to be companion
or chaperon to ladies desiring to travel or
study on the continent; references given.
Box 150, Call. ■.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper; city or
•country. Call bet. 10 and 2, Golden West
Hotel, Ellis St.. room 23.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
housework, cook, wash and iron; no objec-
tion to short distance In the country; mod-
erate wages. Call '551% Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to do
general housework; Is good cook, laundress
and housekeeper and care of children. Call
two days. 924 Washington, near Powell.
A CAPABLE, reliable woman wishes to go
out by the day washing, housecleanlng or
any kind of "day work. Apply. 321 Dore St.,
bet. Ninth and Tenth, off Bryant.
YOUNG girl would like to take care of one
child: must be a year old. Please call at
61 A Zoe St., bet. Bryant and Brannan and
Third and Fourth.
RESPECTABLE woman would like a situation
to do light housework by the week or by the
month; city or outside. Apply 64 Silver st.,
off Third, lower floor.
MOTHER and daughter wish situations ' as !
cook and second girl; country preferred.
1635 Mission. .•
WANTED— Position .by competent girl as
child's or Invalid's nurse; hospital experi-
ence; first-class reference. 444 Ninth st. ,
TWO strong, willing girls for general house-
; work. Apply at 217 Polk st.
SITUATIONS WANTED — Continued.
COOK and wife wish a situation In a coun-
try hotel; good all-around cook, thoroughly
experienced. 802 Montgomery St., room 23.
A YOUNG woman wishes a place in a hotel
In the country: upstairs work and waiting.
Address 37 Morris avt-.
GERMAN woman wants mending or P>a ln
sewing by the day or at home; reasonable.
MRS. HORN, 702^ Larkln st.
WANTED— Work by the day by reliable
woman; good laundress; $1 and car fare.
410 Franklin St.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to do light
housework in small family; $10 to $12. 617
Bryant St.
WANTED— By an experienced American lady's
maid; best New York references. R. R.,
Box 638, Call.
GERMAN woman just out from Germany
Wfiuld like a place as working- housekeeper.
Call or address 702V4 Larkln st.
, GERMAN woman wishes a few steady places
washing; $1 per day and car fare: good ref.
Address Call Branch Office, 357 Hayes st.
AMERICAN woman wants place as cook in
small institution June 1. Address box 5421.
Call office, Oakland. __
GIRL wants a situation as cook or to do gen-
eral housework. Call 1926 Ellis.
YOUNG German girl of 15 years of age wishes
situation to take care of a child. 35 Moss St.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general
housework by day or week. 551 Vi Howard.
LADY would like position to do plain sewing
or second work. 8654 Market, room 9.
WOMAN wants plain sewing and mending to
do at home. 821 Mission st., room 1.
NEAT girl for light housework, sleep home.
Address, two days. W. 8., 1941 Mission st.
YOUNG woman wishes situation as working
housekeeper. Room IS, 1200 Mkt; call after 2.
POSITION wanted by a young girl to mind
baby and assist. 1057 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— PIace as waitress by American girl;
city or country. Box 631, Call office.
WANTED — By an experienced woman, situa-
tion as child's nurse; no objection to country';
references. Call at C 33 Jessie st.
COMPETENT dressmaker desires engagements
With first-class families, tp go to the house.
Box 622, Call office.
LADY would like to take care of house, during
absence of owner, for the summer months.
Box 629, Call.
YOUNG lady cashier or Italian Interpreter with
first-class business experience and references
wants position. Addres? H. P.. box 781, Call.
WANTED— By a respectable widow a po-
sition as working housekeeper; city or coun-
try. Address box 894. Call office.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 150 Fourth St., room 12.
GOOD home wanted for a 6trong girl of 15 who
is able to work and wishes to learn house-
work. Address 8.. box 633, Call office.
GOOD cook, $30, or will take second work; good
references. Apply at 207 Capp st.
LADY good in composition wants position as
amanuensis or private secretary; stenog-
rapher. Box 712. Call office.
MAN and wife want situations country hotel
or boarding house; man first-class cook: wife
good laundress and pastry cook. 312 Van
Ness aye.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar,
ket: 200 rooms: 2.~>c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
ami baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-iUALB.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency, all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 80 Geary St.; tel. Grant 58.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Ci'flce;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 424.
ACTIVE, elderly man, good all around harness-
nnik'-r and repairer, can <lo pome carriage
trimming, wants work in a country shop or
on a large ranch; references; wages moder-
ate. Address Box 670, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener; * thoroughly com-
petent an.l good, careful driver; can milk
and do all other work around gentleman's
place. Box M«6, Call office.
Y< I'SG Frenchman, good cook, wants em-
ployment; private family, hotel or rtstaurant;
city or country. P Uis, Call.
POSITION wanted by trained nurse In hospi-
tal or to take chart p of Invalid. Address M.
I'.VTLER, Cosmopolitan Hotel.
SITUATION wanted by harness maker; good
stitcher. Please address Box 630. Call.
YOUNG man would like a situation as bar-
tender; can give good ref. Box -777. Call.
YOUNG man. handy about place, desires em-
ployment In city or country. Address M.. box
610, Call.
GARDENER, German, wishes situation; expe-
rienced and able man; good florist; city ref-
erences. Address T. H., 167 Minna st.
JAPANESE wants situation for family, office,
saloon; $5 week up. H. V.. 35 Willow aye.
SITT'ATION wanted (just arrive.! fr in East t by
two first-class 20 years' experienced compe-
tent 1 meat, 1 pastry cook, bread and cakes;
best of references; sober and steady; wish
places; city or country. Address box 782, Call.
WANTED— Situation as engineer; can run
dynamo or any kind of small plant: willing
to do other work; good reference. Address M.
F. C. 235 Minna st.
BAKER, foreman, with best of references,
wishes place as such; city or country; bread
and cakes. Addres Baker. 109 Third St.,
Oakland.
DEIiP "WANTED— FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
Head waitress, $30; 15 waitresses, different
resorts, $20; waitresses for Stockton. Han-
foril. Dunsmtilr, Watsonville, Newman, fare
paid: chambermaid to wait, country hotel,
$20, fare paid: chambermaid to wait, resort,
$20: woman cook. small resort. $30, and
waitress, $20. same place, see party here
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
4 Swedish cooks and housegirls, $2,"i; houpe-
glrl, Berkeley, $25; French second girl, $20;
25 girls for housework, $15 to $25; young girls
to assist, $10 to $12. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
NEAT appearing saleslady for first-class candy
store; no experience necessary, $7 week. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
LAUNDRESS, $25, institution; cook, $30,
American family; waitress, $25; two cocks,
$25 each. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
HOUSEGIRL, Napa. $25, s?e party here 11
o'clock; houseglrl. Menlo Park. $25; Mill Val-
ley, $2.">: Berkeley. $25; second girl, country,
$25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
SIX houseglrls, $25 each; 10 housegirls. $20
ea -h, and a number of young girls to assist.
$10 to $i:>; middle-aged woman, country. $20.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
WANTED— Waitress for nice resort, $20, see
party in office this morning: 2 waitresses for
nice hotel resorts to-day, $20; cook for re-
sort. $25; German -cook, no wash, $30; second
girl and seamstress, $25; 3 nurses, $20; 21 girls
for housework for nearby country places, $20 .
and $25; 49 girls for cooking and housework
in city, $20 and $25; work for all who want i
work. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 '
Sutter st.
WAITRESS, Winnemucca, Nev., $25 per
month, fare here at the office; apply early.
MISS CULLEN, 525 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $12 per month, ace
gentleman here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
COOK, small boarding house, $30 per month.
MISS CI'LLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO hotel waitresses, city. $20 per month; 3
waitresses, country, $20 each. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK for city, wages $25; young girl for Palo
Alto; girl for Llvermore; girl for Belvedere;
girl for San Mateo; 25 young cirls to assist.
MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter St., Phone Main
804.
HELP of all nationalities to (111 various posi-
tions. $12-$25. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell.
TWO German cooks. $30 each; German wait-
ress $25; 15 housework girls, $12 to $25. MRS.
LAMBERT. 41S Powell St.
FOR an Institution in the city, good plain
cook; Protestant; $30. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
LAI 'IKS to make sample patches at home,
$6 to $10 weekly: no canvassing; reply en-
velope for sample and particulars. FOSTER
MACHINE CO., 525 West Twenty-ninth st..
New York.
OPERATORS on ladies' and chlldrrn'3 WT.r;
electric power; steady work; good pay.
MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
YOUNG girl for Berkeley to assist in light
housework and caring for baby, $10. Apply
2 to 6, 504's Devisadero St.
WA~ 'ED— Neat Swedish or German girl for
general housework; must be good cook. Call
2426 A Pine st.
GOOD chocolate dipper: wages $6; hours 8 to
6: steady. Call at once, SCHAEFER'S *>'
Sixth st.
WANTED— Experienced sewing girl for awning
and tents. Mission Awning and Tent Fac-
tory, 1649 Mission St.
GIRL to do light housework; sleep home"-
wages $10. 1108 Fulton st.
YOUNG Kirl. 14 to ifi, to assist with light
housework. 2777 Twenty-fourth st, cor. York. I
YOUNG girl for housework. Apply after 9~ '
12 11 A Golden Gate aye.
SMALL girl wanted to mind children; wages
$5. 1423 Sacramento.
TWO ladles of good address: good terms.
Room 3, 1007^ Market St., near Sixth.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
NEAT young girl for housework; good home;
* 2 in family : moderate W#Tes. Apply room
303. Call building, between 5 and 6 p. m.
STEADY girl to learn typesetting. Apply 12
to 1. 316 California. . room 20..
SENSIBLE girl for general housework; $12. 845
Pine st., near Powell. .
LAUNDRESS for every Monday; $1. 1713 Brod-
erick St., near Bush.
GIRL to assist with housework and children.
1027 McAllister st. ■ .
GERMAN girl for g^neraf housework. 629 Mc-
Allister st.; good wages. .
YOUNG girl for housework; must assist with
children. 316 Page st. ] .
YOUNG girl to care for 2 children, sleep home.
239 Fifth st. ■ .
WA.NTED-A young German girl to do light
housework. 2232 Mission st.
OPERATORS on overshirts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st.
WANTED-German girl for light housework;
wages $13. 226 Third st.. bakery.
OPERATORS and finishers on pants. 226 Minna
street. ' ____—_— ; ■
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and children. ISO 3 Page, nr. Lyon.
APPRENTICE on coats; paid while learning.
354 Geary st " ' .
FIRST-CLASS operators on vests; good wages
paid. Room 120, 6 Eddy St.
WANTED— German girl for general housework.
1018 Sutter st.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school: trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed; terms easy; evening classes. j'Jb
Leaven worth st. '-- ■■ ■ : ,
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
Steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
HELP TED— BI A_>_£
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment
Agency —
Wanted for Coast Railroad to-day
Free fare. ...Ship daily. ...Free tare
5 rough rockmasons : $3 a day |
50 hammer and header men $2 25, $2 50
100 teamsters, 2 and 4 horses $175, $2
25 gravel s'reeners and concrete men..sl 75. $2 |
■ 50 rock and steel laborers $2 i
3 camp cooks $45 and $50
ALSO r
FOR THE VALLEY ROAD
200 teamsters, laborers and tunnel men
$175 to $2 30
FOR SAWMILLS AND WOODS
Screw setter, $50 and found; spool tender, $35
and found, north; 2 timber fellers, $40 and
found; jack screwer, $32 50 and found: 10
laborers and pliers, $30 and found, see boss
• here; swamper, $26 and found: 35 laborers and
pliers, $26 and found; chain tender, $30.
MISCELLANEOUS
2 cement finishers. $3 50 a day, country;
blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 a day; black- j
smith, country shop, $40 and found, fare 75c;
farmer and wife, $40 and found; sheep herder,
$20 and found; 35 farm and vineyard hands,
$25 and $26 and found; 50 farmers, $20 and
found; milker, $25.
First-class coachman, with references, $10
and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
"..".." HOTEL DEPARTMENT.! ...*.-.
Chief clerk and bookkeeper, country hotel
$50 and found
Barkeeper, country club $50 and found
Chef for club, country $100
Head waiter, country hotel $60
10 cooks $40, $7, $9. $10, $12 week :
Waffle man, clean chickens, country hotel j
$40 and fare
Bellboy, with references, $15; 2 neat bell-
boys. $10; porter, country hotel, $20; cook, j
small resort near city, $40 and found; second
cook, $40; night cook, $40; night cook, $7 a
week; night cook, $6 a week; second cook.
$"0; bakers' helper, country, $15 and found; 3
dishwashers, $25: 3, $5 a week; porter, hos-
pital, country, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD cook, country hotel. $75, see boss here;
baker and pastry cook, $60. see boss here. C.
R. HANSEN A. CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY ...Phone Main 5548
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
28 haymakers $125 and \found
93 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent positions, $26, $25 and $20 and found;
12 milkers, different places. $30. $25 and $20 j
and found; 12 ehoremen and boys for ranches,
$26, $20 and $15 and found
2 men and wives for ranches $35 and found
TO THE GREAT MINES
10 laborers, no experience required, $2 day..
Diamond driller $3 10 day
3 gold miners, exceptionally good job, $2 50 1
ay ; j
Boy for store, etc.. fare lr,c $3 and found
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Milk wagon driver $25 and found
5 two-horse teamsters $1 75 a day
14 laborers, board yourselves h0me. .5175 day
12 laborers, city jobs $30 and found
6 stablemen, city and country Jobs
$25 and $20 and found '
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS
22 lumber pliers, different jobs $2 day
3 bark peelers, $26 3 spool tenders, $30 ;
$24 laborers, $26 and found; 2 setters, $32 and
found; 2 tail edger hands, $1 75 day: black- 1
smith; head donkey man. $40 and found
3 tree fellers. $40 and found 2 jackscrewers,
$32 50; 189 woodeboppers, tools furnished, $2,
$1 50 and $1 cord; 263 tiemakers, tools furnish-
ed, Sc, 9c and 12c each :...
BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS
12 blacksmiths, shops, mills, camps, ranches;
also 3 helpers, $3, $2 50, $2 day and $50, $40 i
and $30 and found 1
Machinist, country job
....PLANING MILLS. BOILER MAKERS....
2 boiler makers for country.... $3 50 day
Hardwood finisher, planing mill
Man handy with tools, city job $2 50 day j
FOR FIRST NATIONAL BANK !
10 teamsters. "Free Fare" $2 day
Young man for country blacksmith shop, $15
and found; young man for carriage factory,
country, $26 and found
FOR EVERY RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA
589 laborers, fare free, $2 day; 963 teamsters,
fare free, $2 day
Office fee for all railroad jobs $1
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE Into beautiful Monterey County..
10 laborers to screen gaavel $1 75 day
No experience required
5 2-horse teamsters, same job $1 75 day
5 men to shovel, etc., same job $1 75 day
Fare free both ways. .Above jobs will last un-
til Christmas.. Office fee only $1
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE..S. P. Coast Division.. Free Fare
To-day Via Third and Townsend Depot
Every day
.". 500 teamsters, 2 horses
500 teamsters. 4 horses
150 drillers
; 150 hammermen
150 holders for drillers
Office fee only $1
Wages, $3, $2 50, $2 and $1 75 day and $30 and
found
Come yourselves and bring your friends
S. P. R. R. pass
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE Los Angeles District I
12 2-horse teamsters $2 day
12 4-horse teamsters $2 day
14 laborers, no experience necessary $2 day
Offfice fee only $1
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
9 cooks, different Jobs, $40, $35, $30 and $25 and
found: 12 waiters, different jobs, $30. $25 and
$20 and found: 3 waiters for mines and rail-
road camps, $25 and $20 and found; night •
waiter, country, 30c fare. $25 and found: 12
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $25, $20 and
$15 and found; 3 baker's helpers, $20, $15 and
$30 and found; pantryman, $25 and found; boy
for city bakery, $15 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— IS experienced men for brick-
yard, $30 and found: farmers, dairymen, milk-
ers, sheepherders, tiemakers. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Machinist for country, $3 day; iron-
molder, $3 day: camp blacksmith, $60; 2 Job-
bing blacksmiths, $40 and board; 2 black-
smiths for mines. $2 50 day and $40 and board-
woodworker,- $40 and board, and others J
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 3 more fence builders $2 to $2 25
day, free fare; 8 laborers for mill yard, $28
and found, fare advanced; Jackscrewers-
barkers- man for planing mill; shingle saw-
yer. $2 25 day; lumber sorter; lumber pliers;
timber fellers; choppers. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Bread and cake baker, $40 and
found; 2 cooks, country restaurants, $30 and
, $40 and found; kitchen man for. hotel, $20 and
found: waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st. - ■
■WANTED— First-class butler with references
$35 and found. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— timber man for mine
$2 75 day, good place; 2 quartz miners, $2 50
day; 6 gravel miners. $40 and board; 10 tun-
nel men. $2 to $2 50 day; 75 laborers, $1 75 to
$2 day: 10 teamsters, $1 75 and $1 90 day. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. '
WANTED— Office boy for this office as errand
boy. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Second cook, first-class hotel, $60;
broiler, $40; cook, institution. $30; hotel
butcher, $40: waiter for chop house $35-
-waiter, country, $30; two night dishwashers'
$20 to $25; pot washer, $20; kitchen- hand, $25;
valet and butler, $50; footman, $40; etc
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton St.
MAN for indoor work, $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife. $40 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND butler, $30 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St. UN-
WANTED— Steady, man to keep plain accounts
and assist In light work: must have $100 cash
and be satisfied with $15 per week. - Western
Investment Co., 9 Geary sf.. -v. -■- =
HELP WANTED— Continued.
wanted^t ...t. "."rrmTmrrm ~ —
Blacksmith for mine, good steady job"*n.V"M
per day; carpenter for mine. $2 50 per da v-
driver for milk route in city, blacksmith fnr
camp in city. $26 and board; • serond-ha..?-!
baker for country shop, fare advanced S_s
• and found. , '
6 Milkers near city $2 5 and „
Farmers l, t i
RAILROAD WORK NEAR CITY"
10 Laborers $2* t.er'riav
15 Drillers $2 25 to 52 50 per div
15 Strikers $2 25 to $2 50 t.er d,v
Farmer for hep ranch, steady job, T4
10 men to work In brick yard near city i'o
to $35 and board; shoemaker for institution
• near city, $20 and found; crosscut pawvpr
near city, $30 and board; quarryman "far-
good Job near city, $2 50 per day; cooks ii>,i
others.- W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st
WANTED— A No. 1 tailor who thoroughly
understands busheling and is capable to ma-i-
-age the altering department of a large retail
clothing house; must be quick and accurate
and furnish first-class reference; good salary
to right man. Address Fitter, box 633, Call.
YOUNG man to assist in office in part p^yl
ment for business course. DURHAM a
BUSINESS COLLEGE, Supreme Court build,
ing.
SMART boy to helD around restaurant. 4?-»
Fifth st.
GOOD barber for Wednesday, Saturday ami
• Sunday. 1703 Devisadero'st., near Sutter.
BARBER at 1211 Market St., near Eighth;
steady work if suits.
BARBER wanted; must be first class. 1407
Buchanan st., near Ellis.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 12 .Fifth st.; must
brine brushes.
BOOTBLACK for barbershop and to clean
bathrooms. 120 Geary st.
BOY at Lick Laundry. 9 Lick place.
WANTED— Painter: also one grainer. Apply
corner McAllister and Flllmore sts.
COMPETENT drug clerk: good salary; city
references required. Box 651 Call office.
KITCHEN man that can cook short orders.
_ First st.
GOOD lunch waiter for coffee house. 517 Mont-
gomery St., near Clay.
$600r— BARBER shop, building and bedroom
complete, firstclass. Particulars of G. W.
S., Eastland, Cal.
SALESMEN— S4OO a month and all expenses
guaranteed selling to merchants Arctic Re-
frigerating Machines for cooling refrigerators;
guaranteed 75 per cent cheaper than ice; ex-
clusive territory assigned. ARCTIC RE-
FRIGERATING CO., Cincinnati, O.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work; blankets and bedding
free; fare from Oakdale to Sonora free. Ap-
ply to A. E. BUCKMAN, 302 Montgomery st.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Devisa-
dero and Broadway, city.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale in Oakland.
Inquire 105 Howard St., San Francisco.
WANTED— farm hands. Apply 102114
Market st.
SIGN painting; boy or young man; steady
work. 79 Third st.
WANTED— Steady man with small capital.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st,
GOOD shoemakers wanted for custom repair-
ing; steady work. 961 Mission st.
WANTED — Good coatmaker. Inquire 235
Third st. ; steady work.
BARBERS— Good shop for sale in country;
shaving. 25c DECKELMAN BROS. 106 Ellis.
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
road; apply at Stone's camp, nea' Giant sta-
tion; wages. $1 75 to $1 90: also first-class
tunnel men; apply at Point Richmond; wages
_$1 75. $2 and $2 50. E. B. STONE. San Pablo.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
FARM hands wanted. Call at Golden Eaglo
Hotel. Marysvllle. Cal.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, rend
and write Enc'.ish, and be between 5 feet 4
inches and C feet 1 inch in heicht. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Testa
coal mines. Alameda County Cal. ; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor Is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight week*
required; constant practice; catalogue free.
Meier's Barber College, 625 Clay st.
150 men for cleanest houses in city, "Central
House," 871 Market, and "Branch House."
841; 15c to 50c night; all daily papers.
FIRST-CLASS tunnel superintendent: good sal-
ary; references required; state experience.
Apply box 7845. Call office.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, We to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, _S_ Eighth St.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 5": new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 n. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
BOa 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
300 SINGLE furnished rooms. We, 15c and 250
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read, rm.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms', day,
week' or mo.; rates, 23c to $1 per night; re-
ductlon to permanent roomers: reading room.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House, 614 Howard, cor. New Montg. ; single,
10c, 15c night; 60c. 90c week: reading room.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys
1 Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ.
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel, Jessie 1164.
SINGLE rooms. 15c, 20c. 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 563 1 *. Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers anil
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Putter st.
AGENTS WANTED.
EVERYWHERE to sell Magic Sole a.nd Heel
Protectors: sample prepaid, 10c. BROWN,
332 Bush st. ■
PARTNERS WANTED.
JIOOO^WANTED in incorporated manufacturing
company: will give steady employment to
party: investigation permitted. Address box
637, Call office.
WANTED— Partner to travel In photographic
business ir. South America: success certain;
no experience necessary. Apply 2 to 4 p. m.,
room 60. 204 Ellis st.
, HOLSIiS WANTED.
WANTED— Cottage with yard and stable on or
near Castro at. line. Address MRS. HEATH,
331 Cumberland st.
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED room, north of Market, for gen-
tleman, $6 or $7 per month. Box 650, Call.
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst. , _
AMATEUR musicians to Join orchestra for so-
cial purposes. 328 Bush St.. room 4.
ATTUUAbt!) AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher - (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-855 Market St.: tel. South 215.
ADVICE free: R. W. King, attorney at law.
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc.. drawn; moderate fees: call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
fice open evenings from I to 9. HUGH <-.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private, :
no fee without success; collections. -,* -
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARKE- Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
LOST.
LOST— May 23, 1899, in vicinity of Eighteenth
and Guerrero sts.. young English pug dog.
Return to 635 Guerrero; reward..
STRAYED from 1357 Post Bt.— Small white
dog; license 2155; reward.HI SINES CHANCES.
TTTsSO~- SALOON doing a good business; Mar-
ket and Seventh sts.; rent $40; a bargain. R.
Q. WILKE, 906 Market St.
A—ffOO; SALOON, doing a first-class business;
f«tab. years; 50 feet from Call bldg.; account
Of sickness. Particulars R. G. Wilke, 306 Mkt.
J^— $1600; corner grocery and bar; living rooms;
one-half block from Wieland's Brewery; daily
receipts about $26; cash trade only; a rare
clianee. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s7oo; corner saloon with 3 entrances; estab-
l ished 30 years; Joins a rushing business;
large stock: very best location, about one
Mock from The Call. R. G. WILKE, 906 Mar-
ket at.
A— slf.OO; restaurant with 9 furnished rooms In
Contra Costa County; 60 steady boarders be-
eides large transient custom; meals 25c; rent
$45; clearing above $175 per month. Call R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A-SS2Oo; OLD-ESTABLISHED and well-paying
saloon, including 17 furnished rooms and
branch bakery; tent $24; lease; kept by own- |
ers years; a bargain. R. G. WILKE. 90«
Market st.
$4CO— BRANCH bakery and stationery Btore in!
the Mission; living rooms; rent $18: average ■
dally receipts $10. Call R. G. WILKE, 808 \
Market st.
5. CORNER saloon; rent $35; California and
Market sts. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st
PARTNER wanted: light business: clear $76 ea,
' "igiir stand; cheap; sickness cause selling.
Haloun: a. bargain; $100 clear a month.
WESTERN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary St.
IfJ.'iO— STATIONERY, notions and cigar store;
bargain. NAT'L AGENCY, 783% Market st.
$260— SALOON; north Market; doing good busi-
ness; owner sick; must cell. JONES _ CO.,
$06 Market st.
$175— BARBER shop; 6 chairs: laundry agency.
Mclaughlin & CO., 777 Market st.
FINELY located jewelry store, with or with-
out stock; only object in selling this place, |
ha« secured larger place for loan business.
Call store, 567 Market st.
FIR.ST-( "LASS fruit store for sale cheap In
the business portion of the city; good rea-
son for Belling. Box 636. Call.
/ OOOD location for fruit store or butcher shop;
Irerit reasonable. 290 Third aye.. near Clement
st. J take Sutro car.
FOR SALE— A good blacksmith shop, for $500;
wish to retire from business. Box 636, Call.
LOT of notions and restaurant fixtures at a
bargain. Apply to 1127 Putter st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant and bakery on prin-
cipal street. Address box 640, Call office.
LIVE partner wanted with $1600; biz will pay
$500 per month; dead sure. Box 643. Call.
BARBER shop; $50; principal street; rent $10; 2 j
chairs; must sell thle week. Box 641. Call.
PARTNER wanted in a first-class hotel (newj)
of 231 rooms in a city In California of 35,000
Inhabitants; only one othsr first-class hotel in
the city: present owner is a flret-claes hotel
man- need of a partner with about $10,000 to
furnish new addition ie only reason for wish-
Ing to sell a half Interest, business for April
wed a profit of $tOO. For further parti-
culars address box Cl 4. Call office.
PO.VT misa this bargain— Elegantly fitted up j
ftore. Including shelving, counters and 6 [
Filver-moumed showcases; living rooms In
I rear; lonx lease; rent $26. 256 Third Bt.
i. ■ PARTNER wanted in established busi-
ness; two places to look after; plenty of
work;no experience; trial given. 265 O'Farrell.
PARTNER with pome capital wanted to manu-
facture combination door mat, patented.
CHAS. KUHN. Frultvale. CaL
GOOD business for right party; flrßt-class !
cigar factory; good trade; price reasonable. ,
815 Hampshire st j
PARTNER with Email capital in good paying
I business. Bos 12. YountviUe, Cal.
BARBER shop; reasonable; first-class trade;
proper location: party going East. 769 Geary ■
st, cor. I■ , de.
FINE store fixtures and showcase; 6 living
rooms: suitable branch bakery and notions.
2S4S Folsom.
BARBER shop, completely furnished, to let.
> Apply at 85. Twenty-fourth st., near Capp.
FALOON — splendid business; cheap rent.
I'ost St., near Folsom; call.
FOR sale— Fruit store; good chance. 130 Eighth
ft. ; no agents.
A FIRST-CLASS saloon on East st. nr. Mar-
ket; on account of ill health; at LANE &
CONNELLY'S, 204 Market st.
FOR sale or will take partner in one of the
best little businesses In Oakland; no night or
Sunday work. Apply 515 Eighth st, Oakland.
TO intended Eastern purchasers of profitable
orchards, legitimate exchanges, first mort-
gage loans and for further information from
a Santa Clara Valley Orchard Agency of
Califortiift write to box 71 Call office.
FOR sale cheap— cleaning and dyeing
works; doing a first-class business. 20 Locust
st, a ita Cruz. Cat !
EALOON for sale at 80 Jackson St. between
Davie and Drumm.
FHOE Bhop; must be sold; good paying busi-
ness; 1 room furnished: good prices. 332 Bash.
BARBER shop with living rooms for sale at
16124 Folsom Bt.
■ — — ■
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from QEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.'S. 415 Sacramento it.
ROUTE cd this paper for Bale. Apply this
office.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
DEWEY Navigation, and Trading Company
will dispatch their first vessel on or about
June 10, 1599. for St. Michael, Cape Nome and :
Kotzebue Sound. Contracts for passengers
and freight must be made with the general j
office; no outside agents. For particulars <
apply to CHAS. F. BLANDIN, President, 10 !
f'allfornla St.. room 6.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALIC.
U-ROOM h^u7eTTle^arl~sBo7~only $360
110-room corner house; clears $500 6600
IS-room house on Turk st 700
65-room use to exch'ge for small house. 3000
10-room house on Taylor st 600
24-room use on Market st 900
15-room house on Howard st 600
22-room; new; cost $4500 1800 j
24 rooms on • Geary st 623
26 rooms: corner house 860
114 rooms on O'Farrell st 350
12-room house: large yard; downtown 400
IS rooms; clears $10'j; only 300
12 rooms: exchange for large house 600
f4-room houp<?: clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1028 Market st. opp. sth.
$173— LODGING-HOUSE of 11 rooms for sale on
Third st. Call at J. J. CROSS' grocery, 249
Third st.
POST, 239, corner Stockton— Sunny corner suites
and single rrwiiris; centrally located: to gen-
tlemen and families; all conveniences; refer-
ences given; ■ \iitor.
fino — jl ROOMS; near Third nnd Market; rent
$20. National Agency. 783V4 Market st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
We. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton ft.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 f.O, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
HOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOBH & ■LPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
LARGE modern safe at a bargain, with
double floors; also show cases. 867 Market st.
BARS, brck bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and sec. nd -hand.
i J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1022 Mission «t..
■% abevt Sixth.
•A — AN OVERSTOCK ■
Bt. Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market St.: all
etyleß. new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; b*Bt beer pumps; cheap; lnstallmts.
A GENUINE Boes filled American watch for
$8; worth $18. UNCLE HARRIS. 16 Grant aye.
COMBINED punch and shears; medium size
cutting lathe 648 Mission st.
GASOLINE engincF— l h. p. $100, 2 D. p. $123, 8
h P. fliio. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission-.
A-RUITS made to order for $35 at $12 60. Mis- :
FIT CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery. |
A-13 B0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
_">r_Tr!r.. H.-ittors, 330 Kearnv st. near Pine.
BEOOND-HAND machinery, scrap Iron and
bought. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission st.
[LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, rifi Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
_AtUIMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale st. •
IiAHS. counters, shov/rases, shelving, mirrors,
bought. Fold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FAKES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
Si HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento at.
POLYPHONEJ $35; attachment (only). $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand, all
l; i7'-y: _________ Ft 309-111 Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHINES^
$2 -MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, Told;
■Tirii.hlne supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
! 'OJJATTC, Domestic. Blnirer, White cheap;
-■iKilrlnp Kuamnteed. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented: re-
_ fining ut lowest ratep. 205 Fourth m.
X . PHYSICIANS.
DR- JNELL, offloe and residence.
1 -j2 IVs Market „., bet. 6th and 7th.
FOX saJe— Physician's residence, with good
country practice. Apply Physician, Call.
MB— bi— ■_ Jl— IMMi— 11 ■ {f%t,m, 1 Ami 11* 1 ■ ■■mi —I ' TtiHiiilnsMslHlorinn
PERSONALS.
MRS. CHARLES FRANCIS MacDERMOT of |
Oakland wishes to deny the engagement of I
her daughter to AUSTIN N. WALTON.
PERSON who took knobs from safe at "The
Palace of Art." 16 Post st., is known; return
and save trouble. ERNEST HAQUETTE.
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. • Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st. Open evenings.
CEMETERY fences; best work; lowest prices.
DOUGLAS, Central aye., bet. Bush and Pine.
PROF. MERGENS & Mineral baths; most
wonderful remedy for paralysis, rupture,
rheumatism, sore eyes, etc. 218 Eddy, Ist floor.
LEDKRER'S Qulntonlca Is the only reliable
hair tonic; keens the hair clean and glossy;
35c a bot. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, charges
but 'J.'.c; this w ek he will offer all his *1 hair
switches at 75c; good quality and length. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Guerrero st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
HOME for family where they can make their
own living. 30 Hannath st., Oakland.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI, 313 Sutter st.
JOHN L. BOON'E. Patent, Trademark j
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
Pan Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements printed, $1 50: send for sam- j
pies. BLEY, printer, 511 Sacramento St.; I
phone Main 1836.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes, $2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 (1 weekly); $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.); $20 (4 W.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
ma L suits etc.. on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits; low j
prices: easy payments. Eastern Outfitting I
Co., cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner building.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought, i
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st. j
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome St.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L. !
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices; |
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co . 115 Kearny. I
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec- j
tion; guarantd. Dr.Gordln.sl4 Plne.ab.Kearny.
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $S:bed lounges ;
$4 60; open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth. j
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte, |
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell _ Mason. !
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call, '
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary st. ; dresses made. $6
up; perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant ; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis j
free; sittings, 11. 232 Stockton st. ;
MISS HODGE of Chicago, materializing; seance '
Friday evening, 330 Ellis st.
MRS. S. SIEP, psychometrist; 11 to 5; 50c;
circles evenings except Sat., 10c. 1724 Market.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. SYLVESTER, the celebrated clairvoy- I
ant, palmist and card reader, returned from
abroad, opened parlors at 112 M— St., near i
Ellis; hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. : open Sundays; !
fee 25c: for ladles only; card reading at pri- I
vate entertainments.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec- '■
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read- !
ing; ladies, 50c; gents, $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk. ;
MME. GORING, the powerful clairvoyant,
brings lovers together; settles domestic
troubles. 345 Fifth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to S6SH Market St., rooms 8-9.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader; I
pact, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, rm. 12. j
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 326 Larkln
et., room 6.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist. j
Parlors 12 and 18. second floor, £6314 Market.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay. 234VA Sixth.
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post, room 7.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MISS GRACE HAYS, cafd reader and mas- i
netist. 207 Powell st, rooms 6 and 6.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, 10c: ladies only. i
643 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned revealer, first
In her profession; never falls. 325 A Slitter st.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market St., room 2.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. 118 Grant aye, r. 15, second floor.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business i
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MISS A. FAURE, card reader and palmist, 405
Kearny St.. r. 34: French and English spoken.
MME. ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 3- and 3, 995 Market st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 86c: ladies. <'H O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Oer.
main*.. 611 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
1621; reading by mall. $1.
A-MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist.
til Bush st.: between Taylor and Jones.
DENTISTS. ~
DR. T. 8. HIOCJINS' DentaTpariors™ "
Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned: pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL. CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bide, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without rates our specialty; gold crowns.
IS 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hour* 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Ft. ex-
tracts nnd fills teeth painlessly by hi* wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridge?, ji;
rubber r.r flexible platep, J3: received 8 first
prizes: no students: jruarnnteed 12 years.
FULL (=et of teeth, $4: fillings. 2Kc up: gold
crowns. $3; gold bridge*. Jo up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 9C5 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 144 Market Ft., near
' Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
fpeclalty; all work reasonable : gas irlvnn.
A FULL net of teeth. $5: teeth wltout plate* a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY TEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason St.. 'corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist, 969 Mission St.. corner
Sixth. ■ - ; .
OHIO Dental Parlors-Filling. 50c up; crowns.
$3 up: open ev'gs. 860 Market, cor. Stockton. j
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG IS4I Polk <;t. ' j i
. HORSES.
LADIES' Spirited driving mare and hand- :
made harness for pale cheap. Call after
6:30 p. m. at 64 Alpine St., San Francisco. .
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken bus I- '
ncES and work horses. Chase & Memlenhall,
su ccessors Kllllp & Co.; Bajeßyarrt, 1,32 MUt.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagonß, buggies,
carte, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
*57 Sixth st • auction rales every Wednesday.
EULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers. -
FOR ealo— lo bone* and mules ut old Turk-at.
Mr ftnbleit. I^l Turk ft. - _.
WAGONS AND RIAGES^^
100 SETS lecond-hand harness; wagons, carts, j
bu«gles. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 24, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
635 Webster; 6 r... .5231144 Clipper; 9 r.T. $18
3616 Sixteenth; 6 r... 16 509>4 Leav'w'th; 6 r. 16
1207 Sanchez: 5 r.... 10 930 Guerrero: 6 r..... 10
' 650 Jessie; 3 r. 9 626 Valencia; 7 r 20
282 Natoma; 3 r.... 8 1 705 Ellis; 6 r.v 26
A. M. SPECK & CO., 687 Market st.
GREENWICH, 902, NW. cor. of Taylor—
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side; rent $26. ■ .
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; 9 Laskle St., be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, off Mission; rent
reasonable. MADISON & BURKE.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed j
list you get from BALDWIN &. HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. '
LOW rent in the finest residence location in the j
city. 1907 Pacific aye., near Gough; house of 8
rooms, bath, heater, etc. ; new plumbing, new-
ly papered and painted throughout. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
MINNA, 3231*— sunny rooms In good order;
key at 323. ' ■ ■-- ■■
THE most charming spot In the Mission; mag-
nificent view; delightful climate; fine large
grounds; flowers and lawn; NW. corner Guer-
rero and Twenty-first; electric cars; house of
12 rooms in perfect condition; stable and car-
riage house; rent low to good tenant. Apply
to E. G. DENNISTON, 3454 Twenty-first St.,
near Guerrero, or 655 Mission St.: key at cor.
2 VERY pleasant sunny houses, 3386 arid 3388
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; electric cars;
7 rooms, laundry, bath; in flret-class condi-
tion; rent satisfactory to good tenant. Apply
to E. G. DENNISTON. 3454 Twenty-first St.,
or 655 Mission; key at corner.
FIII.MSHED HOUSES TO LET.
PARTLY furnished house; modern convenl-
er.cea; 2533 Mission. Room 24. Flood building.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 3-rootn cottage; yard and
chicken-house; $6 month. San Mateo cars to
Thirty-fourth st. ■
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 6 rooms; flat of 6 rooms,
bath: cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
COR Twenty-ninth St. and San Jose aye.;
new fiats, suitable for physicians, dentists
or dressmakers.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.
NEAR City Hall, elegant top flat, 6 rooms,
bath; all latest improvements. 12 Grove st.
FOUR-ROOM flat, $11. 6A Dearborn St., off.
Seventeenth, above Valencia. .
NEW tunny modern flats, 1603 Broderick
St., 9 rooms; 1609 Broderick St., 6 rooms; rents
reduced.
SHARON, 38, bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
Sanchez and Church— slB, new flat, five rooms
and bath, cellar, yard, stable for 2 horses.
THIRD, 415A — Sunny ..at, 8 rooms, latest Im-
provements, 2 front suites with bay windows.
TO LET— Flat, 4 rooms. 16 Dale place, off
Golden Gate. aye.. Hyde and Leavenworth.
UPPER flitt, 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St.. near Flllmore.
2 NEW, sunny, modern flats, 1603 Broderick
St., 9 rooms; 1609 Broderick St., 6 rooms;
rents reduced. J. JACOBS. .
FURNISHED FLATS.
BEAUTIFUL " sunny flat of 8 rooms, elegantly
furnished only a year ago, for rent, or furni-
ture for -ale. Apply to H.. P. O. box 2655, city.
MCALLISTER, 1441— Handsomely furnished up-
per flat; 7 rooms and bath: reasonable to de-
sirable party. Apply 9:30 to 3.
LOVELY furnished flat; fine marine view. 1317
Leavenworth st.
ROOMS FOR HOUpEKIiEIMNG.
BARTLETT, 322—2 or 3 sunny furnished house- I
keeping rooms, complete; front room, alcove;
bath; garden reasonable.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front housekeeping
room; complete; bath; private; $S. or 2, $10.
FIFTH. Clean furnished housekpg.; pri- I
vate; 3 connecting rooms, $13; single, $5 up.
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— 3 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard; water; $10.
GEARY, 696—2 or 3 connecting sunny front
rooms 'furnished for housekeeping. Apply bet.
10 and i.
GEARY, 1917— $18: for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves, gas and
coal. .
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404—3 sunny rooms; gas;
bath; hot and cold water; newly furnished.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove; use of telephone.
GUERRERO. 129. near Fourteenth— Housekeep-
ing rooms; reasonable.
HAIGHT, 31$. near Market— 3 fine unfurnished
rooms, range; yard; good place for table
board. _______________
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— desirable
sunny housekeeping rooms; usa of parlor;
reasonable.
HICKORY aye.. 181. near Gough— 2 large fur-
nished housekeeping rooms. $8. .- '
HOWARD; 640. nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; Be, 75c night; $1, $2 50 week.
HOWARD, 9SS — Furnished front room for
• housekeeping. $10 per month.
HOWARD. Nicely furnished sunny rooms, i
complete; all conveniences; $1 25 per week up. |
HYDE. 110—3 rooms, furnished for housekeep- I
ing; also 2 in front basement.
JESSIE. 478. near Sixth— Two furnished rooms;
housekeeping; also other*.
LAGUNA, 613— Comfortable furnished house-
keeping room for a lady; sun all day; cheap.
MARKET, 209S— 2 or 4 sunny furnished rooms;
reasonable.
MINNA, 111 V4— Furnished housekeeping bay-
window suite, with piano, $2 per week.
MISSION, 563— Nicely furnished housekeeping \
rooms; sunny; cheap. !
MISSION, 827—2 large sunny rooms, all fur-
nished for housekeeping, $10.
MISSION, 1165— Housekeeping rooms; also base-
ment; furnished or unfurnished; single rooms;
reasonable.
MISSION. 2133—2 or 3 sunny connecting rooms;
hougekeeeplng; bath; cheap. .
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary— Sunny furnished
bay-window and kitchen; gas stove; $11.
POLK, 610—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping rooms;
gas range; private family.
SCOTT. 113- partly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; private.
SIXTH, Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 125, near Bryant and Third-
Front alcove suite; also 1 single; $4 mo. up.
STEVENSON, 257— Two connecting rooms for
housekeeping; also large front room; reas.
THIRD, 340. — 2 furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping: $1 50 week; also front, $1 75.
TWELFTH, HOC — Nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms: select locality; gas range.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3210. corner Folsom— Double
connecting bay-window parlors, furnished or
unfurnished: cheap.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367, nr. Mission St.— Com-
pletely furnished, large, front, sunny house-
keeping suites; $8 to $11.
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy st. " —
2 LARGE sunny rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping 2 folding beds, one in kitchen,
one in bedroom, $10 per month, $2 75 per week;
furniture all new. Apply at shoe store, 562
MlssJnn Ft., bet. First and Second st«.
ROOniS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms en. suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 60c to $100 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 16 Stockton st., "The Pup"— Nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.'
ALMA, 441 Geary — Newly furnished sunny
rooms: Biittes $1 SO week and up: transient.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny rooms and suits;
all conveniences; families and gentlemen;
elevator; tourist;- references.
BUSH, 013— The Grenoble— Newly furnished
rooms, $8 up; suites. $15 up; Wellsbach lights.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices. ■
CLAY, 1723, near Van Ness aye. — 3 rooms, fur-
m:-h?'l or unfurnished. v..-: -:";■-•_-* .■-*■
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO, 849. cor. McAllister— or 4 very
desirable unfurnished rooms; electric light,
gas and bath. ■..■■
ELLIS, '■'■''■— Fine suite, $18; also large front
room, $15; single, $6. ' - '
GEARY, 14A— Furnished rooms: double bed;
running water; first and second floors.
GEARY, S6',4— The Clyde— front - suite;
first floor; single, front, $2- per week.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant Bunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families. .
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $160 to $ft per week. . .
HOWARD. 829— Rooms from $1 week up; also
housekeeping and transients. ; ■:-: ; .-•
HYDE, Sunny front rooms, suitable for 2
gentlemen or man and wife. .
ROOMS TO Continued.
HYDE, Nicely furnished parlor, folding
bed, gas and bath. $12; also housekeeping
suites complete. -.• ■: • .
LAGUNA, 1029. opposite Jefferson Square-
Large furnished room; bath and gas. ■
McALLISTER, 635— Furnished rooms; centrally
located ;- private family. - '
MINNA; 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished,
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able. '
POST, Single room for lady or gentleman;
cheap; call before 11 a. m. or after 5 p. m.
ROYAL - House, 126 Ellis at.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room ' and
ladies' parlor; room per night. 35c to II 50;
week. $2 to IS; month. $8 to $30; elerator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth it,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK, 80— Front and back parlor;
sunny side ■ overlooking park; suitable for
gents. ■ '
THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth st. near Market-
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THIRD, 119 (The Oaks)— New first-class up-to-
date rooming house; is now open.
VAN NESS, 813— One or more, furnished or not;
bath, gas, etc.; doctor's residence; desirable.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
ELLIS. 677— Neatly furnished sunny suite*; also
single rooms with board; reasonable.
JOHNSON HOUSE, 605 O'Farrell— Elegant sun-
ny rooms, with board: beautiful grounds; also
table board; reasonable; references.
MASON, 617— Nicely furnished rooms, with or
without board; hot and cold water baths.
CALIFORNIA. SO7. "The Rlngham"— California
ar.d Powell-st. cars: neatly fur.: home comfta.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single. $25; double. $10.
1-OW KLL. SOS (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
rultes and single roo p: excellent board.
THE Longworth. 522 G»ary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished: single rms.: table board.
CHILDREt. DOAHUED.
GCOD home for children. $8: Infants. $10 -per
mo. 210 Lexington nve.. near Nineteenth at
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hot—, dining-room and restau-
rant. 44-6S-68 Third st; take elevators; French
dinners, 25c: also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
rream rarlrr. 1035 Market St.: popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
STORE, with fixtures complete for grocery and
bar or drug store: 3 rooms in rear; southwest
corner Devlsaderd and Ellis sts: rent $30.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MATERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 >; Market st., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female :
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their |
case before going elsewhere; they will find ;
In her a true friend; a home for patients, |
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
. and confidential; home treatment, $5.' No In-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER,
agent for Berlin Prescription Co. infallible
pills, 510 Eddy st, bet. Hyde and Larkin; of-
fice hours, 1" to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8; Sun-
days. 4 to 8 v. m.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used: cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latent methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near and far see DRS. GOODWIN free; |
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In !
24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity i
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
tS. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Sth; tel. Howard 424.
Tills well-known ladles' physician will leave ;
for Europe May 25. in order to gain knowledge
which Is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit of her many pa-
trons on her return in August.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instrument? used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $.">: travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medlcaj sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5: restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician,' practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world -renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023V4 Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chl-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seruro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
Bt. : $1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st, Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'R French pills, a boon to ladies with
femnle troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50,
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: reli-
able, safe, sure; maternity home: no instru-
ments: consul free, confidential; home
treatment. $5. DRS. ALLEN, 22S Van Ness.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye.;
private home In confinement.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
llef for monthly troubles or money back:ss up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st. ■
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English, 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
• scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 60, Flood bulld-
ing. S. H. TARR. Principal; pupils fitted
for all office work; course In bookkeeping;
rapid calculations unequaled: short time.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis feystem: sunny rooms: low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm
Ing. mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, 8.. F.. and 90» Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
PRIVATE 'academy of dancing: . waltzing a
specialty.- MIPS JEAN". HUDDY. 8A Hyde.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. SOT. Larkin M onp ,City Hall.
CARP— T CLEANING.
CITY Steam - Carpet-cleaning works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone. South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st ; tel. Jessie 944. .
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 8c yd. ; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'B Carpet-beating Works, 883 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAX, 1017 to 1022 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6Vs per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
eiry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg. . chattels,
undlv'd int'ts, etc. Harper & Kretger, 312 Ex-
aminer building.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
mUsical. instruments.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
ca6h and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hnnd uprights upon same easy
payments and sume good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN". CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER * CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
ail other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FINE piano for practice. $.O. Room 12 Flood
building, Fourth and Market sts.
$55— ELEGANT Dtano for sale on $5 install-
ments; cost $400. Call 1115 Post st.
R. A. DANIKLS is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 3CS to 312 Post sT
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rent*. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
A NEW Chlckering and 3 Steinways. Keeffe's.
1019 Van Ness. nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 70S.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Robms. 1710 Mkt.
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the fatuous. Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister St.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 808
Post Et.
W. G. BADGER. U5 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Haliett * Davis pianos.
BARGAIN—G ood upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 1«
McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos; new Fcale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell *t.
SUPERIOR violin*, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
"STO&AGK.
PIERCE^ packing and Jtorage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. telTßlack 311.
DON'T store In cellars. See O. M. JUDSON
& CO.. 1123 Howard st. ; advances made.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
'?•: Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
proposals.
propSsals.
PTATE PRISON SUPPLIES.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received at
the office of the Clerk at State Prison. SAN
QUENTIN, until 1<1;XO a m. SATURDAY,
10TH DAY OF JUNE, 1899.
And at the office of the Clerk at State Prison,
FOLSOM. until 9:30 a. m. SATURDAY,
17TH DAY OF JUNE, I»'9.
At which times and places they will be
opened In presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, con-
sisting of subsistence stores, forage, fuel,
clothing, medicines, lime, cement and other
staple supplies, from July 1. 1899, to June 30,
1900, inclusive, on conditions as per printed
schedule, which will be furnished upon ap-
plication at either of the above offices.
No bid will be considered unless made upon
said schedules, nor unless accompanied by
the certified check therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers in
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount, payable to R. M. Fitz-
gerald, President of the Board, of his bid,
conditioned that the bidder will enter into a
contract upon notice of acceptance as re-
quired by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rately. All payments made on contracts will
be paid In cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules.
The Board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids as the public interest may re-
quire, and to order any quantity over or under
amount specified.
EL M. FITZGERALD, President.
J. V. ELLIS, Clerk.
PROPOSALS for Supplies of Hardware, Drugs,
Lumber, etc.. for Fire Department.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the 'City and County of San Fran-
cisco, May 23, lbSSt.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2633
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON. June 5. ISW. from !
2:30 to 3 o'clock, for furnishing supplies for
usa of the Fire Department, from July 1.
1899. to June 30, 1901. In accordance with
schedule, embracing drugs, ironwork, hard-
ware, general supplies, paints, paint brushes,
oils and lumber, prepared by the Committee
on Fire Department of the Board of Supervis-
ors, on file In this office, copies of which may
be obtained at the office of the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, on second floor, City
Hall.
NOTlCE— Bidders will estimate separately
for each article enumerated, as per denomi-
nation, with the distinct understanding that
the lowest and best bid for each article re-
quired will be accepted, and that in every in-
stance no bid except from persons or firms
who are regular recognized dealers In the
articles enumerated and bid upon will be re-
ceived. Also, all articles and supplies shall
lie of the same kind, quality and texture a.-
per samples kept and stored In the Corpora-
tion Yard of the Fire Department, at No. 50
Sacramento street. AI6O the right is reserved
that the Chief Engineer of the Fire Depart-
ment, by and with the consent of the Com-
mittee on Fire Department of the Board of
Supervisors, shall have power to purchase
any or all of the supplies required, at the
market rates, at the expense of the party
to whom any contract may be awarded to
furnlFh the same. If, upon the requisition of
the officers named, the party falls or omits
to furnish the quantity or quality of the sup-
plies designated, which, under contract, he
may be required to furnish. Also, all articles
and supplies furnished to be subject to the
approval of the Chief Engineer of the Fire
Department, the Board of Fire Commission-
ers and the Committee on Fire Department of
the Board of Supervisors, whose decision shall
be final and conclusive as to the reception
or rejection of any or all of the articles or
supplies offered.
The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be re-
quired, prior to or at the time of the execu-
tion of said contracts, to pay the cost of ad-
vertising this notice In three dally news-
papers, and each successful bidder to also
pay the cost of the publication in the offi-
cial newspaper of the Resolution awarding
him his contract. Each article awarded to
be charred with its pro rata of the cost of
advertising this notice.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board hae resolved to
receive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the Committee, and a certified
check on some bank In the City and County
of San Francisco for the sum of five hundred
($500) dollars, In favor of and made payable
to tne Clerk of the Board of Supervisors,
must be deposited by the bidder, with his
bid conditioned if the proposal Is accepted
and the contract awarded; and if the bidder
shall fall or neglect to pay the printing
charges, execute the contract and give the
bond required within six days after the
award is made, then and in that case the
said sum shall be paid Into the City and
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bldß If the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks.
Wash., May 18, 1899— Sealed proposals, in trip-
licate will be received here until 11 a. m
May Jl. 1899, and then opened, for the con-
struction of the following buildings at Fort
Stevens, Oregon: 2 barracks. 3 double sets of
officers' quarters, administration building, Q.
M stable, N. C. O. quarters, bakehouse, hos-
pital, hospital steward's quarters, workshop.
Q. M. and subsistence storehouse. Information
furnished at this office. U. S. reserves right
to reject or accept any or all proposals or, any
part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked: "Proposals for Construc-
tion of Buildings at Fort Stevens, Oregon,"
and addressed to undersigned. J. W. JACOBS,
C. Q. M. ___
PROPOSALS for fuel— Quartermaster's office,
Benlcla Arsenal. Cal.. April 26, 1599. Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 a. m. May 26, 1899. and then opened,
for furnishing at Benlcla Arsenal. Cal., dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1900, fuel
required there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of domestlo production, conditions
of price and quality (Including In price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given to articles
of American production produced on Pacific
Coast to extent of consumption equired by
public service there. Information furnished
on application. Envelopes containing propos-
als should be marked "Proposals for Fuel,"
addressed C. H. CLARK, Q. M.
CITY REAL . ESTATE.
' S | _,_| L _ I rjqm^n.
BASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$30.000— Large corner on Butter St., not far out;
■ improvements ; In good condition ana
renting for $220 per month. -.
TAYLOR-ST. INVESTMENT.
$13,000— the place for a fruit store; with a
small outlay this place can be made to
pay $125 per month.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$9,ooo— Buchanan st., near Eddy; good sur-
roundings; no stores or business, assur-
ing high- rents; 2 flats of 6 and 9 rooms.
DORLAND ST., NEAR DOLORES.
$6,000— large double frontage lot, with 6-room
cottage and stable; must sell, as a
whole or in part; Just the place for
an expressman.'
MISSION RESIDENCE.
$s,soo— Large house of 9 rooms and bath; mod-
ern; street bltumlnized. ■:/ '«^"
SOUTH OF MARKET SNAP. .
$4,000— 25x80; 3 flats of 3. 3. and 4 rooms
and rear house of 6 rooms; rents $40;
modern and nice appearing; the ground
alone worth the money; this is certainly
a snap.
CHEAP MISSION HOME.
$3,500— Folsom-st. boulevard, near Twenty-
third; lot 20x80; house of 9 room* , and
bath.
RICHMOND HOME.
$2,600— cottage, 5 rooms and bath, on Fifth
aye., near Point Lobos; lot 25x120.
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
$I,2oo— Two cottages, 4 rooms each; rents
$10 50; fronting on 2 streets. .
CHEAP BUILDING LOTS.
$150 per foot— vara or any size; Broadway
Ft. ; marine view.
$110 per f00t— 25x127; Washington st, near
Lyon.
$100—27:6x112:6; Pierce St., near Vallejo. •
$100—25x137:6; Page St., near Scott; elegant
site for flats.
$100—25x80; Seventeenth st. few feet from
Market.
• $60—50x107; Stanyan St., near Sullivan.
$50—25x137; Sullivan at, near Stanyan.
$12—25x114; Duncan st, near Sanchez; cheap-
est lot in vicinity.
We are preparing our monthly catalogue for
our June auction sale. For particulars apply
to
EASTON, ELDRIDGK & CO..
63S MARKET ST.
$3000 CASH— Reduced from $4500; 50-foot lot;
northwest corner of Twenty-third and Dolores
Bts.; 2-story building, store and flat; a big
• buy; will sell at above figure if sold within
10 days. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, owner, 454
Ninth St.. Oakland.
$3GOO HOUSE, 11 rooms, 2 baths, In 3 flats, in
good repair; newly painted; on Leavenworth
st. 926 Washington st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
FOR sale or exchange; corner lot; 75x86:8;
house; $5500. G. W. H. PATTERSON CO.,
1700 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Pj.rk.
west of First aye., and you wish to sell,
' then call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new 4-room
cottage near Holly Park: near Mission elec-
tric cars; save paying rent. ';'-*• •<.' i
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
DESIRABLE home for sale cheap; 14 85-100
acres rich, fertile, level land; 1000 almond
trees; 200 assorted fruit trees; 4!4 acres
grapes; all of the choicest varieties, and now
ladened with fruit; 1 " 0010 - house, barn, chick-
en houses, farming Implements, etc. ; situated
about 6 miles east of Antioch; this property
will be sold Immediately: the price Is $1850;
title perfect; Stockton steamers stop daily
at Antioch; fare 50c. Address box 62, Anti-
och, Cal.
Accommodations for a family of 3
adults and 7 children for the summer within
2 hours' ride of San Francisco; will need 4 or
5 bedrooms and bath; private farm or home
preferred; will pay liberally for good quar-
ters and table. Address lox 634, Call office.
FOR sale, cheap — Charming Bummer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake. Van-
couver i&.nntl; unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to JAS. ROBERTSON, Duncans, Van-
couver Island.
$900— PART cash; chicken ran"h of 7 acres; on
main road from Petaluma; .cvel land; every-
thing complete; growing crop and several
hundred white leghorn pullet 6; a bargain on
account of other business. For further par-
ticulars address P. O. box 16, Cotatl, Sonoma
County, Cal. . j
LAGUNA DE TACHE— T
60,000 acres finest land In Fresno County now
being subdivided; for sale in small tracts
after May 25; $25 to $40 per acre; small cash
payments; easy terms to actual settlers; low
Interest: best chance in the State to buy good
land at low price. Send for descriptive cir-
culars. NARES & SAUNDERS. Fresno, Cal.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season' of 1897-98 addrees%KHE
COCATI CO., 302 California st . S. F.
IS TO $30 and acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN, Cotton wood, Shasta County. Cal.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. TV TIOI.COM ft CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE— SISOO stock merchandise ; want
real estate. Address Owner. 317 Page st
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MAGNIFICENT new house; modern; up to
dnte; 9 rooms: lot 50x200; 2 blocks from San
Francisco local: all sunny, nice rooms; price
reduced to $3.'>00 last week: photo in office.
Address owner. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway,
Oakland.
HOUSES to let; send for a list; also sale bar-
gains E E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway, Oakland.
$1100— 5-ROOM house: bath; near trains; also 8
lots cheap. 962 Third st. Oakland. .
MODERN 3-story house, 12 rooms. in perfect
condition: 2 years' lease if desired: rent $40
with water. 537 Eighteenth st. near San
Pablo aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR MAL.U.
AN introduction to yon from H. Schellhaa*. the
furniture denier. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMED.V REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — On account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus; doing business of $15 to $25 a day; or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 800 Halght st.
THE finest water front property In Alameda for
sale at a great bargain. E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park at. .
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JUST the place you have been looking for.
You haVe been wanting to raise chickens;
. here is your opportunity; I have a very fine
corner lot, 200x140, with a fine house of 7
rooms; In perfect order: electric cars pas:;
. the property: only 5 minutes to R. R. station:
a fine orchard, chicken houses, etc. to be sold
for less than the Improvements cost. JOSEPH
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
JUST the .place you have ' been looking for.
You have been wanting to raise chickens:
here Is your opportunity; I have a very fine
corner lot, 200x140. with a fine house of 7
rooms; In perfect order: electric cars pass
the property: only 5 minutes to R. R. sta-
tion: a fine orchard, chicken houses, etc.: to
be sold for less than the improvements cost.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley
station. ■ ■ ' ..
ELMIIURST REAL ESTATE.
WANTED— A good,. live, wide-awake hardware
man and plumber to go Into business at the
pushing little town and coming city of Elm-
hurst; a good, fair trade already built up
and a first-class storeroom and workshop
with 5-room flat for rent or sale. See PIT-
TOCK, Real Estate, Elmhurst.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS'. — —
A very choice business property in Elmhurst,
on O. and H. road, near to power-house and
business center: lot 100x150; a very nice new
modern house of 5 rooms with large room
in front for business purposes: nice out-
building and everything up-to-date; will be
sold very low if taken within 30 days. See
PITTOCK. Real Estate, Elmhurst.
A VERY choice business corner store, with 5
living rooms adjoining; large barn, shed and
chicken house and yard.
A large lot, well Improved, situated on the
Oakland and Hay wards electric road; will sell
at a great bargain; everything in fine condi-
tion; see it and make us an offer. PITTOCK
Real Estate, opp. power house, Elmhurst.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued m follows:
Theodor A. J. Fischer and Olga Tolleson. 23-22
William Rowland and Caroline Born .56-49
Frank Hope and Carrie M. Higg1e5........ 27-24
Charles E. Masson and Maud E. Garcia.... 29-lb
Louis Boer and Laura Stlne.....' 34-26
H. A. Hoeninghaus and Mamie S. 80wen. 24-18
Albert August and Margaretha Schurtz.. ..44-3S
Joseph W. Roe and Emma C. Obrock 36-27
| Morris Kraus and Ernestine Wlttenberger. 2B-20
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BRAESCH— In this city, May 22, 189», to th«
wife of John E. E. Braesch, a son.
CONKLIN— In this city. May 12. 1899, to the
wife of Frank Conklln, a son.
FOSTER— In this city, May 23, 1899. to the
wife of D. T. Foster, a son.
GUNZENDORFER— In this city. May 28, 1899,
to the wife of A. B. Gunzendorfer, a son.
HAGE— In this city, May 22, 1599. to the wife
. of Theo. H. Hage, a daughter.
PALANCA-In this city. May 23. 1899. to the
wife of Gustave Palanca, twins— a daughter
and a son.
ROBOHM-In this city. May 22. 1899, to the
wife of C. Robohm. a son.
~~ ~~~ MARRIED.
BERCOVITCH-LEVY— In Napa. May 21. 1899.
by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Harry Bercovitch ot
San Jose and Birtle Levy of Napa. .
LINDENBAUM— In Oakland. May 21,
1899. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Ike Lindenbaum
and Sadie Carish. both of Oakland.
THOMAS— In Oakland. May 21, 1899.
by the Rev. J. H. Theißs. Otto Paul Mally
and Charlotte Thomas.
ROSENBERG— KRECHEVSKY— In this city.
May 21, 1899, by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Mau-
rice Rosenberg and Sarah Krechevsky, both of
San Francisco.
TROBECK— CARESON— this city. May 22,
1599. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, John A.
Trobeck of Los Angeles and Charlotte Care-
j son of Pan Francisco. _
DIED.
Allen. Mary MeGowan, Mathew
Andersen. Minnie P. Macktnlay. Capt. D.
Bush. Bella M wry. Delina
Cameron, James Parke. Robert '
' Curien, Genevieve Patton, William-
Dillon. Anastasla Pinke, Alexander O.
Haskell. Capt. D. H. Robinson. Mary
Hlnsberg. Charles Russell, Maria
Hitchcock. Edward Trusseau, Catherine
Hurd. Leoma J. Whittier, Lovantla
Kilbourne. Lillian M.
ALLEN— In this city. May 23, 1899. at her resi-
i dence, 2005 Mission street, Mary, beloved
I mother of Elizabeth and John W. Allen, a na-
tive of County Sligo, Ireland, aged 48 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
: ANDERSEN— In this city, May 23, 1599. Min-
nie Petronella, beloved wife of Fritz Ander-
sen, and mother of Mrs. Captain H. Potvln
! and the Misses Nellie, Mabel and Alma An-
dersen, a native of Norway, aged 46 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 407 Franklin street, between Hayes
and McAllister. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
BUSH— In this city. May 23, 1899, Bella, be-
loved wife of the late Toby Bush, daughter
of Minna and the late Samuel Cline, and
sister of Mrs. H. Lewis. Mrs. I. Asch. Martin
Cline and William Cline of Los Angeles, a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years. (New
York and Spokane papers please copy.)
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1002 Sacramento street. .Interment
Hills of . Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
. funeral train.
i CAMERON— In Alameda, May 22, 1899, James,
i beloved husband of Sarah Cameron, and
father of William H. and James A. Cameron,
] a native of Nova Scotia, aged 78 years 1
months and 21 days.
ITT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, at
the First Methodist Church, Central avenue,
near Park street, Alameda. Interment pri-
vate. ■« • . ■ •> :. ;
CURIEN— In this city. May 22, 1899, Genevieve,
beloved wife of the late Jean Baptlste Curien,
| mother of Emil. Stanislas and Philbert
Curien, and sister of the late Je_n Baptiste
Gasamann and Mrs. Urmile entzel. Mrs.
Marie Hlrslnger, Joseph Gassmann, 7osephine
Gassmann and Mrs. Bichoff. a native of
Übers, Alsace, aged 68 years 9 months and 16
days
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 20 Folsom avenue, off Folsom
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
DILLON— In this city. May 21, 1899, Anastasia,
beloved wife of the late James Dillon, and
mother of Margaret and James Dillon, a na-
tive of Ireland.
IT^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1518 Mason street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a high requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
■ Cross Cemetery.
'■ HASKELL— In this city. May 23. 1599, Captain
Daniel H., husband of Sarah E. Haskell. and
father of Chester E. Haskell, a native of
i Prospect Harbor, Me., aged 46 years.
[T^N'itioe of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of Porter & "White." 122
Eddy street.
{ HINSBERG— In this city. May 22. 1899, Charles,
dearly beloved husband of Sophie Coburn
Hlnsberg, and beloved father of Helene. Theo-
dore and Marsarethe Hinsberg. a native of
Treves. Germany, aged 49 years and 2 months.
IT* 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
HITCHCOCK— In this city. May 21. 1899. Ed-
ward Alfred, beloved husband of Gertrude
Ellen Hitchcock, a native of England, aged
49 years 1 month and 2 days.
HURD— In Oakland. May 23, 1899. Leoma Jane,
wife of T. A. Hurd, and mother of Maud E.
and Carlos E. Whisler, a native of Lovlngton,
111., aged 46 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1768 Ninth street, Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
KILBOURNE— In Columbus, Ohio. May 8, 1899,
Lillian Miles Kilbourne, wife of Lieutenant
Lincoln F. Kilbourne. U. S. A., and only
child of General and Mrs. Evan Miles.
McGOWAN— In this city, Mathew, beloved hus-
band of Jane MeGowan, and beloved father
of John E. McGowan. a native of County
Sllgo. Ireland, aged 75 years.
ICTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-
first, thence to St. Paul's Church, where serv-
ices will be held at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MACKINLAY— At Invercaple, Campbell sta-
tion, Santa Clara County, May 23, 1899, Cap-
tain Duncan .Mackinlay. dearly beloved hus-
band of Jennie James Macklnlay. a native of
Glasgow. Scotland, aged 58 years.
ITT Notice of funeral hereafter.
MOWRY— At Mowrys Station. Alameda County,
Cal.. May 23, 1899, Delina. widow of the late
Origin Mowry. and beloved mother of Mar-
lon L., JoseDh C. and Frederick W. Mowry
and Mrs. Abbie Ann GrayblM. a native of
I'tlca, N. V., aged 69 years 9 months and 25
days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 4 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Mowrys Station, Alameda County.
PARKE— In Golden Gate, May 22. 1899, Robert,
husband of Ellen Parke. and father of Mrs.
K. V. Kllnkner, a native of County West-
meath. Ireland, aged 73 years and 22 days.
%7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
.of his daughter. Golden Gate, Oakland. In-
terment private.
PATTON— Alameda, May 23, 1899, at 2253
Central avenue, William Patton. beloved
father of William Jr. and Clarence Patton. a
native of Scotland, aged 78 years 5 months
and 20 days. -
PINKE— In this city. May 23. 1899. Alexander
( O. Pinke. dearly beloved father of Lucy. Ed-
die and Lottie Pinke. a native of Germany,
! aged- 60 years 7 months and 17 days.
| ROBINSON— this city. May 23, 1599. Mary,
beloved wife of J. R. Robinson of Petaluma,
a native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 67
I years.
tCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
I (Thursday), on the arrival of the 9:30 a. m.
train from Petaluma. Remains at the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. J. E. Johnson. 41
Hoft avenue.
RUSSELL— In this city. May 23. 1899, Maria,
beloved wife of John E. Russell, and mother
i of James, Susan, David and Andrew Russell,
ii native of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged
GO v«*nrs
TRCSSEAU— In this city. May 2.1. 1899. Cath-
erine Trusseau 'nee Lane), beloved wife of
P. C. Trusseau, and beloved mother of Er-
nest Lang, a native of Schelestadt, Alsace,
' aged 77 years.
(E3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
d ence. 2521 Mission street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment Masonic
i Cemetery.
WHITTIER— In this city. May 23. 1899, I»van-
tia Ermlna. beloved wife of the late John
Whittier. a native of Irasburg, Vt., aged 68
years 1 month and 23 days.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMCAI.MBMc
10 Fifth at. opposite Lincoln School*
Telethon* South M.
McAVOY «fc CO., |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3. I
1225 Market Ft., between Bth and 9th. I
Telephone. South 247. \
1112
GONE, AND HIS BOOKS
MAY BE $10,000 SHORT
E. F. Spaulding, Cashier of the Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company, Unac
countably Prolongs His Vaca
tion Without Leave.
THE accounts of. Edward F.
SpauJding, assistant cashier of
the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company of California, are nol
straight. Yesterday experts
found discrepancies in his books and
It is surmised that a shortage approxi
mating. $10,000 may be traced.
The assistant cashier should have
been at his desk in the company's of
fice at the corner of California and
Sansome streets last Monday morning.
He was due then to return to duty
Bfter his annual vacation covering a.
period of ten days. His Failure to ap
pear or report a reason for his ab
sence caused D. J. Staples, president
of the company, to direct an expert ex
amination of Mr. Bpaulding'a books.
The president was seen at his resi
dence, 711 Taylor street, last evening
and responding to Inquiries on behalf
of The Call said:
"In this affair the company has noth
ing to conceal from the public. 1 will
ray with perfect frankness that we
have found some discrepancies in the
books of Mr. Spaulding, our assistant
cashier. The report that 120,000 is miss-
Ing is all nonsense. We do not know
yet "what the amount involved is. but
do know that it cannot exceed $10,000.
It Is likely to be less than half that
amount. The fact that Mr. Spaulding
did not come to the office yesterday
caused us to look over his accounts and
some discrepancies were found.
"He went away on his annual vaca
tion recently. There was nothing ir
regular in his going away. The vaca
tion was due him according to the cus
tom of the office, which gives to the
fifty or sixty young men employed
there an annual outing of ten days. He
should, however, have reported at his
desk yesterday (Monday) morning, but
he did not appear or send word when
he would come. It was then suggested
that an examination should be made of
his books, and I say frankly that some
discrepancies were discovered. Come
to the office of the company to-morrow
and I may be able to state definitely
the extent of the discrepancies. No,
there has been no thought of placing
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AWbunesliaJ', May -\i New prices Sunday
a No Liquors— just x
Good Groceries f
* $
j The price and the quality^
#must be right. $
I » Anything that isn't right, f
rwe buy back. $
v Ready to quote saving^
fprices on any order, big ori
for little, any time. i
A \
{tooted Herring box 15 d
m Power's Bros, Boothby's Harbor, Me. i
X 55 to 60 fish in box. T
fßnreka Ham lb lie {
0 Genuine Eastern Sugar Cured. { '
O\sters can 15 c\
A Solid packed, 12 full ounces. 1
i Graham Flour io-lb sk 20c ,
>f Mak«« healthful bread. '
{.Bacon lb 12% c
§ Extra light Eastern §
\ Klngaa's Own Cure. \
vOx Tongue.. 3 can 75c {
w Twice regular size, ('
» Tongue is usually 65c lb. \
f You'll appreciate the suviug. ('
#Wax Candles.. 6-lb box 45c)
A Walker's Standard Furatinc A
F 4 candles to the lb. V
fPhcenix Tomato Catsup .... f
4 6tandard Packing Co's • tc 4 r i
•cerw top.Half pints ioc pmiS IDC
f EIGHT SAVING STORES: f
iTSSK»rfcBt9t.S.F. 1311 Polk St. 8. T. i
\ HMO WuhiDxtnu. Oak Bbbttuck At, Berkeley T
A Bth ft Wuthinirton. " Central At, Aliped* A
V E 12th k I.lth At, " 7th k Wood. Oak f
_ !
A mere taste is l j-Clry ■
sufficient test of \^sjmML
sufficient test of l^m
the strength and •■^^ \
1 exquisite flavor of ,
S~* 4 * 111*1
Qhirardelh
"Monarch"
Chocolate
Pure cocoa and sugar s iJfully
ground together in the right pro- \
I portions, deiiciousiy flavored with
vanilla, and molded into con- I
venient cakes. . I
i
For all kinds of pastry it is far
superior to unsweetened chocolate.
< At grocers' — 35c per pound.
the affair in the hands of the police or '
of taking steps to cause the arrest of !
Mr. Spaulding."
When asked concerning the place
where Mr. Spaulding went for his va
cation Mr. Staples replied: "I do not ',
know where ho went. We scarcely in
qUire where an employe enjoys his va- ,
cation, ['understand that some of them
do not go out of the city, but stay about
home and do ;i little gardening. If a
man does not return when his vacation
expires we make inquiry concerning: his
absence. The system of allowing a va
cation Is so conducted that each man's
: for going and returning is regis- j
tered."
President Staples was asked concern
ing surety bonds to protect the com
pany from loss. Replying to this line
of inquiry, he remarked:
"We have never required bonds of |
our employes. Our business, fire and !
marine, amounts to a million dollars a !
year. For thirty-three years 1 have
l>een at the head of the company, and j
during that entire period only two de- j
faults have occurred. Our system is |
such that an extensive loss in this re- j
spect is impossible. Our cashier, Mr. i
Wood, is away at present, and Mr. j
Gardner is acting as cashier. Mr.
Spaulding is onh- the assistant.
"Yes, he is the son of that grand old
man, K. W. Spaulding. who was United
States Assistant Treasurer, Mayor of
< >akland and a prominent member of
the Republican State Central Commit
tee. If the son has gone wrong, the !
blow will be a sad one to the father,
who is an honored citizen and a most
excellent man. The assistant cashier,
Spaulding, has been in our employ
about seven years."
Bernard Faymonville. second vice i
president and secretary of the Fire
mans Fund, was seen at the com
pany's office on California street yes- \
terday afternoon. In answer to In
quiries regarding the alleged defalca
tion, he said he had not been advised
of any embezzlement or shortage.
When the amount of $20,000 was men- *
tioned he said it would have been Im
possible for the assistant cashier to
have taken that amount or any sum
approximating it.
CAPTAIN DAN
HASKELL DEAD
A WELL KNOWN PILOT AND
TOWBOAT MAN.
1 Was for Years Master of the Tug's
Alert, Belief and Fearless and
Later Became a Pilot.
Captain Daniel H. Haskell, the well
known master mariner and pilot, died at
Ills home. 1694 Page street, yesterday af
ter a lingering illness. He began to fall
nearly two years aeo, but it waa only
within the last monih or six weeks that
he to his bed. Then dropsy set In
and gradually worked Its way up to liis
heart.
Captain Haskell was one of the best
known towboat men on the Pacifiv <'<..tst.
Years ago he began his career as deck
hand on the tug Neptune. Then h« was
captain of the Pa.-inV Mall tug Milieu
Crirtitli. When John D. Spreckels went
Captain " Dan " H. Haskell.
I Into the towboat business "Dan," a«
•pveryborly called him, was madf master
of trie Alert. In ISS3, when the Relief was
built and launchr-d in the Kast. <";i.ptain
Haskell was sent to Tramps' to briiiK her
here. He brought the handsome vessel
out in record time for a vessel of her
class and remained in command of her
until the big tug Fearless was built.
When Captain Haskell had been In com-
I mand of the Fearless for a number of
i years there became a vacancy among the
pilots. Captain Trask retired and Captain
Haskell was unanimously elected to suc
c-eed him. During his career Captain
Haskell never met with an accident and
was one of the most successful men In
tbe business at picking up derelicts and
i bringing In salvage .-hips.
The Fearless, with which Captain Has
; kill was so long Identified, was sold to the
(iuvernment during the war and is now
the dispatch-boat Iroquoiw. The- Relief
and Alert are still >n commission, as Is
also The Millen (4rifflth. while the old
Neptane went to the "boneyard" long
ago.
Captain Haskell leaves a host of friends
In every walk of life and he will be very
much missed in shipping circles.
GIRLS' HIGH SCHOOL
FULLY UP TO STANDARD
The following letter from Professor
Elisha Brooks, principal of the Girls'
High School, is self-explanatory:
GIRLS' HIGH SCHOOL.. May 20 1899.
Editor Call— Dear Sir: An article appeared
In several papers a few days ago In which some
of the statements are liable to misconstruction
which may result In serious lfcjury to the
Girls' Hlch School. It was stated "that the
course of study of this school was to be re
organized so as to bring the school up to the
standard of the I. owe]'. High School and place
It on the accredited list of the University. The
natural Inference to be drawn from this la that
this school is not accredited and is not un to
the standard of the Lowell Hiffh School.
An examination of the courses of study of
th« two schools will show that thru of the
Girls' High Is not Inferior in any respect to the
other.
The published reports of the University show
that the Girls' High School has been regularly
accredited since. 1890, and the last reports gives
the following subjects in which it was fully
accredited for 1897-98:
1, English; 3, algebra; 4, plane geometry; 5,
government of United States; 6, Latin (Cae
sar, Cicero, Latin composition); 7. Latin (Cice
ro, Virgil, prosody, Latin composition); 8,
Xenophon; 9, ; Xenophon, Greek composition,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAIX, WEDNESDAY, MAT 24, 1899.
"Mr. Spaulding was the assistant
cashier," remarked Mr. Faymonville,
"and he was not authorized to draw
checks or drafts. Mr. Spaulding's desk
is in the general office on this floor.
The cash is chiefly handled in the city
department on the floor below. The
remittances by mail come in the form
of checks and drafts and everything is
checked up for banking daily. No, I
do not know where Mr. Spaulding
passed his vacation. This is the first I
have heard of any defalcation or crook
edness. If anything has been ab
stracted the amount must be very
small — surely not more than two or
three thousand dollars."
Inquiry was made in Oakland last
evening, but appearances indicated
that the assistant cashier had fled. Ac
cording to the statement of his broth
er's wife, E. F. Spaulding and his fam
ily moved to Oakland a short time ago
and took up their residence at 1664
Webster street. Mrs. Spaulding. the
sister-in-law mentioned, declared that
she does not know where her husband's
brother has gone, more than that he
left home a week or ten days ago to
take his usual vacation. She stated
that he was accompanied by his wife.
Inquiry as to the direction taken by
the couple was of no avail, the lady
claiming that she knew nothing of
Spaulding's business or where he and
his wife had gone for their vacation.
An inspection of the house last occu
pied by the Spauldings at 1664 Webster
street indicated that it had been closed
for sevetal days, and the neighbors
seemed to be In ignorance of the
whereabouts or movements of the last
occupants. The family had gone was
all they seemed to know about -the
matter, and the time of the departure
was variously estimated at from one
to two weeks.
Thomas M. Gardiner, cashier of the
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company,
t^p whose department Mr. Spaulding
was attached, resides on the heights of
East Oakland, overlooking the estuary.
Inquiry at his residence last night was
barren of results. A maid serva*** vhn
answered a ring at the door did not
think Mr. Gardiner could b.- seen. >\nc.i
pressed to announce the presence of a
reporter she retired, returning shortly
with the information that Mr. Gardiner
could not be seen and would answer no
questions.
j Iliad, Greek at eight; 10, Greek and Roman hl«
--i tory; 11, physics; 12 Al, eolld geometry; 12 A 2,
I'lane trigonometry; 12 b, chemistry; 12 c, bot-
I any; 12 d, zoology; 13, medieval and modern
j history; 14, Kng-lish; 14 A, French.
'1 his Includes every subject on the University
i lift except advanced algebra and German, In
! which we had no classes. The above accredited
list admits to any course In the University.
The decision of ihp University for this year
i has not yet been rendered In regard to any of
I the schools of the State, but we have no anx
iety as to the result.
We invite an investigation of the compara
tive standing of nur graduates in the Univer
sity, feeling confident that the result will be
greatly to the credit of the Girl's High School.
The Ixiwril and the Girls' High schools have
an equal standing with the University of < 'hi
e-ago, being accredited by that Institution, and
having the distinction of being the only schools
west of the Rocky Mountains so accredited.
The Girls' High School 1b also accredited by
Ya.tMar College, and Is. 1 believe, the only
srho-4 weft of tbe Rockies »o honored.
\\ c welcome any movement for raising the
standard of all the high schools, especially the
movement for a four years' course, which 1
have Hdvocated for several years, and urged
1 upon the preeent board, and the faculty of this
school Is In hearty accord with the Board of
I-Mui-atlon In this matter.
The fHculty and the pupils of this school ask
that as full publicity as possible be given this
Hatement, so that the incorrect impression
that the school Is not accredited may nnt gain
currency and Inflict great Injury on us.
EUBHA BROOKS, Principal.
ECLECTIC MEDICOS
IN ANNUAL SESSION
The twenty-sixth annual meeting of the
Eclectic Medical Society opened its ses
sion in College Hall at 1422 Folsom street
terday afternoon. The medical fra
ternity of the interior was well represent
ed and the papers read were notable for
new thoughts and sound reasoning: After
President Charles Mealand, M. D., of Sac
ramento delivered his annual address
Mayor Plielan welcomed the visiting med
icos and in a few words paid his respects
to the gentlemen and the noble profession
which they represent. At the conclusion
of the Mayor's little speech the members
of the association paid him a standing
vote of thanks.
The officers of the association are:
President, Charles Mealand. If. D., Sacra
mento; vice presidents. H. T. Webster, M. 1) .
San Francisco, and E. R. Couture, M. 1)..
Auburn; recording secretary B. Stetson. M. D.,
Central Bank building, Oakland; corresponding
eecretary, C. M. Troppmann, M. D., San Fran
-isco; treasurer, H. W. Hunsaker. M. D., San
Francisco; board of censors, G. Henrlkson, M.
I» Sacramento; H. M. Hamilton. M. D Colu
sa, and J. R. Goodale. M. D., Oakland.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce on the ground of fail
ure to provide have been granted Marie
E. Darius from Christopher Darius and
Hattie A. Pearson from Duane W. Pear
son. Marie Fontanel has sued Louis J.
Fontanel for a divorce, alleging extreme
cruelty as a cause of action.
BOXERS READY TO TEST THEIR
METTLE IN OLYMPIAN ARENA
$■♦•<*.- ♦ ♦♦♦ ♦ ♦ »-■»-♦-♦-» ♦ » »<s-♦-- #^»-»-»-<» ♦♦ ♦ ■»-»-*-^ t^-»-<»>--* — 1-» ♦»♦»♦»♦»♦»♦ »-t-»-t— »a
Hermann Oelrichs' Championship Belt for Amateur Boxers.
THE arena of the Olympic Club and middle-weight classes make a pro- fill on this occasion will be pitted
will be the scene of some sensa- gramme of exceptional merit. Chief against professionals. "W. J. Leonard,
tional boxing this evening, the oc- interest. centers about the meeting of ■' one of the neatest boxers ever turned
casion being the finals for the val- J. McDonald, Olympic Club,* and B. out of > the • Olympic Club, will meet
uable silver belts presented by Her- Johnson, Multnomah Athletic Club of . W. Hosken of the Manhattan Athletic
man Oelrichs. Four bouts between the Portland, in the middle-weight dlvl- Club. J. Kane will face Doc Flynn,
cleverest amateurs In the feather- slon. McDonald is pronounced the clev- ; while A. Hellman will try conclusions
weight, lightweight, welter-weight crest boxer in his class, and if success- , with F. A»t. .
A NEGRO COOK
RUNS AMUCK ON
THE AUSTRALIA
Shot a Waiter and
Was Shot Himself.
WAS DRIVEN CRAZY bY DRINK
WOUNDED AND DYING TAKEN
BACK TO HONOLULU.
The Steamer Was Under Way for San
Francisco When the Lunatic
Began Using His Pistol
With Deadly Effect.
George Wade, chief cook of the steamer
Australia, ran amuck shortly after the
vessel left Hawaii on May 16. He armed
himself with a bulldog revolver and fatal-
The Australia's Murderous Cook and His Victim.
ly wounded G. W. Gelesple, one of the
waiters, drove a number of the crew Into
i hiding, and the only thing that stopped
i his wild career was a bullet from a Wln
j Chester rirle in the hands of Harry Evans,
Chief of Police of Honolulu.
A man named Sherman victimized near
ly all the business men in Honolulu and
finally succeeded In yetting $150 out of
Chief Justice Judd. The latter was on
the bench, when he heard that Sherman
was trying to get away on the Australia,
so he at once issued a warrant for his
arrest and adjourned court to see that
the document was served. That was how
it happened that Chief of Police Evans
was aboard the steamer. He went out
with the vessel, intending to return with
the pilot, and was searching for his man
in company with Purser McCombe and
<'hief Steward Seeley when the shooting
I began.
The Australia sailed from Honolulu at
i 4 p. m. About half an hour before that
! time Chief Cook Wade had gone aboard
i drunk and quarrelsome. He was sent to
his room and told to take a good sleep.
He was not seen again until 1:35 p. m.,
when the Australia was outside the reef
and the pilot was preparing to leave the
ship. At tha.t time Wade accosted Harry
! Heed in the port alleyway and said he was
i going to "do up" somebody. At that
moment Chief Steward Seeley passed, and
Wade glared after him and said to Reed,
"I'll kill that fellow before the day is
out." Keed tried to persuade the drunken
cook to go back to his room, but Wade
drove him off with the pistol.
John I. Taylor, the baker, was the next
to run across the crazy man. Wade near
ly scared him to death by firing off the
pistol and asking him: "Are you with
me? I'm going to kill half this ship's
; crew." "I'm with you! I'm with you."
said Taylor, and then ran for his life.
I Sydney C. Boyd. the butcher, came along
■ and he did not bandy any words but
struck Wade a blow that dazed htm for a
moment. Wade made a rush at Boyd
and the latter grasped his arm to pre
; vent him from shooting, and in the scuffle
the pistol went off. Gelespie and Thomas
i Breslin went to Boyd's assistance, but
1 the crazy n'-gro was more than a match
j for them. He got his iirm free and shot
i Gelespie in the left thigh, shattering the
I bone. The wounded man fell to the floor
: and Boyd and Breslin ran into ihe engi
neer's room.
When the two men ran Wade gathered
himself together and, looking down at
Gelespie as lie lay on the deck, said:
"Sydney, you struck me, and I'm going:
to kill you."
"I'm not Sydney." groaned Gelespie. '
"I don't care; you're one of the gang,
and I'm goint; to kill you."- yelled Wade.
With that he fired, the bullet striking
' Gelespie in the left groin and passed
through his hip. Wade then retired to
j his room and reloaded his revolver.
When the cook came out again he pro
j ceeded along the alley in search of Chief
: Steward Seeley. When he reached the
galley he saw Chief of Police Evans on
i the starboard side of the ship and took a
I shot at him. In the meantime, Chief
' Officer Lawless, who was forward, had
■ been Informed of the shooting, and he at
j once reported to Captain Houdlette. The
: latter counseled caution, but told the chief
i officer to secure the maniac at all haz
ards. Lawless went to his room, loaded
his Winchester and thus armed started
I out to look for Wade. On the way he met
Chief of Police Evans, and the latter took
the gun out of Lawless' hands. When
BUTCHERS WILL
PICNIC TO - DAY
AT SHELL MOUND
An Enjoyable Outing
Is Anticipated.
THOUSANDS WILL ATTEND
SPEEDY HORSES WILL COKTfETE
FOR BIG PURSES.
Well-Known Meat-Dealers to Handle
the Ribbons, With Heavy Bet
ting on the Various
Events.
Woe will betide the houperrife who did
not lay In her supply of meat yesterday.
This Is hutrhfrs' day, and all the
knights of the cleaver and their employes
and families are to celebrate. Every
butcher-shop in this city and also In Oak
land, Berkeley and Alameda is closed, and
the entire meat trade, from the cattle
king to the boys hauling hides In the
smallest tanyard, are prepared to join In
the reunion that yearly brings the mem
bers of the Butchers' Board of Trade and
their friends together.
This Is the sixth celebration that the
butchers have indulged in. It marks the
sixth year of their declaration of inde
pendence of the meat barons, and to them
tells of a long and hard fight against the
millions of a trust that has gripped the
butcher-shops of every large city in the
United States except San Francisco.
This year's celebration is to be even
more elaborate than usual. There are to
be horse races at the Oakland track and
dancing, foot races and games at Shell
Mound. One ticket will admit the bearer
to both pleasure parks and also give the
picnicker a chance at a large, miscellan
eous collection of gate prizes, chief of
which is a purse of $100 in gold. The sec
ond prize, which Is to be of five $10 gold
pieces, will also be worth carving horn*.
An unusual feature of the faces will be
two dashes of professional runners, for
which the Butchers' Board of Trade Is to
hang up interesting purses. The entries
for these races are as follows:
One mile dash—Faversham 96, Alvin E
113, Dare II 116, Maginis 109, The Plunger
111. Alvero 113.
Three-quarter mile dash—Pueniah 97
Homestake 109, Florence Fink 97, Somis 97
Crawford 111. Tom Smith 111, Silver State
109, Loch Ness 114, Master Lee 97, Road
warmer 111, Durward 111. Spry Lark 10!)
Uncle True 109, Inverness II 114.
Of course, there are to be races for the
butchers, races for the vaqueros and
races for the butcher boys. As there Is
much pride felt in their horses and their
skill as ' drivers by the different retail
merchants, the races In which they par
ticipate will have a double interest.
Last year's crowd exceeded 24,000. Even
more people are expected this year, since
more preparations have been made to en
tertain them and more opportunities are
offered for them spending every hour of
the day In enjoyment.
-♦-$>-♦-■$>-♦-<$>-♦-<$> -♦-<$>-♦- 0
Wade saw them coming he fired his pistol
and the bullet whistled between the two
men, making both of them duck. Evans
did not give him time to lire again, but,
raising the Winchester, sent a bullet
crashing into Wade's head. It struck the
frontal bone and was turned aside. plow
ing its way through the bone and flesh,
making a deep furrow. ,;:. -
The insane cook was only partly
stunned, and In spite of his.wound he had
to be handcuffed and manacled before he
would keep quiet. In the meantime Dr.
H. J. McNulty. the ship's surgeon, had
been in attendance upon Gelespie and had
dressed his wounds. He then went to the
cook, but could do nothing for him. Both
the wounded men were taken on deck
lowered Into the pilot boat and taken
ashore. '
Ladies' Auxiliary A. O. H.
The members of the Ladies' Auxiliary,
A. O. H., held an enjoyable meeting last
night at St. Teresa's Hall. Potrero. En
thusiasm prevailed and the progress of
the order was strongly predicted by the
able president, Mrs. Theodore Rjchards
who augured the brightest prospects for
the auxiliary. Mrs. Butters, the county
president, lent valuable aid to tha Inter
esting gathering.
ADVEBTISEinBNTB^^ 1
FRENCH
ARMURES
Special
Purchase.
During the balance of this week we
will offer an elegant assortment of
FRENCH ARMURE DRESS FABRICS, all *
new goods, at
1) Dress Pattern.
The above goods are 38 inches wide,
and are in the following shades : Navys,
New Purples, Olive, Myrtle, Cyrano,
Golden, Seal and Black, and are value for
$4.50 Dress Pattern.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET*.
BAPTISTS HERE
TO ATTEND THE
BIG CONVENTION
Hundred and Fifty in
the Party.
The two special trains from Boston and
Chicago, scheduled to arrive in this city
last evening at 6:30 o'clock with dele
gates to the convention of National Bap
tist Societies to be held in this city for
the next eight days, did not arrive at the
Mole till midnight. Nearly all the dele
gates remained in the cars over night,
and will be brought to this side early this
morning.
There are 150 people in the party, and
half of them will go to the Occidental,
while the other half will take quarters
at the Pleasanton. The rest of the dele
gates from the southern part of the State,
Oregon and Washington will arrive to
day.
This is the first time the Baptist Soci
eties have celebrated their anniversaries
west of the Rockies, ami the sixty-sev
enth celebration promises to be a notable
one in the history of the church. The
First Church of this city has been select
ed as the place of meeting. The seating
capacity of the church is eight hundred.
The edifice has been decorated In ever
greens, flowers and flags by W. B.
Thompson, and presents a pleasing ap
pearance. The Sunday school rooms have
been fitted up for exhibits from the vari
ous churches. Arrangements have been
made at the different hotels and boarding
houses for three thousand people who will
bo here during the convention.
The meetings will commence at 10 a. m.
to-day, when the Woman's Baptist
Home Mission Society will celebrate Its
twenty-second anniversary. There will be
another session of the same society at
2pm Both will be held in the large au
dience room of the church, on the north
side of Eddy street, west of Jones. \Yntle
the ladies are celebrating their anniver
sary at the church there will be a Pacific
Coast conference In the Interest of higher
education in the auditorium of the Young
Men* Christian Association, corner of
Mason and Kills streets, at 10 a. m. and
1-30 p m. These meetings and those to be
held in the church are open to both sexes
and are free to all. This evening
at the church the American Baptist Edu
cational Society will celebrate its eleventh
anniversary with an address by Dr. Gam
brell of Texas, a report by Dr. Morehouse
of Xew York, and an address by Dr.
Brownson of California College.
The following delegates are at the Oc
cidental: • _»■■•■»
General W. F. Barrows and wife, Ban
gor Me ; L. B. Philbuck and wife, Salem,
Mass.; T. S. Roberts and wife. Wake
field Mass.; B. H. Steele and wife. Cam
bridge, Mass.; H. V. Upham and wife,
Mrs. C. E. Withington. Mrs. R. T. Lin
coln Mrs. J. R. Holbrook, Jamaica
Plain, Mass.; A. C. Walworth and wife.
Newton Center; Henry Hopper, wife and
three daughters, H. B. Hopper, A. J.
Rowland. D.D., and wife. Mrs. L. A. Mc-
Klnney Miss Helen McKlnney, Mrss S.
G Dunham. Mrs. C. H. Banes, 11. Brad
dock. Rev. K. B. Tupper, Dr. R. G. Sey
mour, Philadelphia. Pa.; Mrs. Robert
Harris-- General T. J. Morgan, Dr. W. H.
P Faunce, Dr. H. L. Morehouse, Dr. A.
S' Hobart and wife. New York, N. V.;
Miss Emma Bates, Miss C. E. Frink, Hol
voke Mass.; Mrs. George Russell, Rev.
G W. Quick, Rev. G. C. Baldwin, Spring
field Mass.; Dr. H. C. Mabie, Ernest
Main Rev. J. A. McElwain. W. W. Main
and wife, H. H. Amidon. Boston, Mass.;
Dr. L. C. Barnes, Pittsburg, Pa.; Mrs. J.
A. Wood, Miss S. P. Wood. Mrs. A. J.
Wood, Rev. I. Grimes, Cambridge. Mass.;
Dr. W. H. Allen, Mansfield, Mass.; Miss
Q. I. Fuller, Newton, Mass.; Miss Ruth
Doming, Savoy, Mas 3.: Miss G. H. King,
B. P. Arnold, E. R. Stark, Rev. H. M.
King, Providence. R. I.; Lucius Brigjrs,
Miss N. Arnold, Norwich, Conn.; Dr. R.
W. Green, G. C. Whitney, Worcester,
Mass.; A. W. Edson. Lynn, Mass.; E. N.
Harris and wifp. Holden, Mass.; G. E.
Murray, Lawrence, Mass.; Rev. E. Dew
hurst, Voluntown. Conn.: W. D. Meader
and wife. Pawtucket, R. I.: Dr. W. C. P.
Rhodes and wife, G. C. Case and wife,
Brooklyn, N. Y.
FREUD'S
CORSET HOUSE
Retiring from
Business!
PRICESCUTBELOWCOST
On all the Leading and
Well-Known Brands of
CORSETS
I An early call advised,
for at the prices marked
sizes will soon be broken
H. FREUD & SON
742 and 744 Market St.
AND
• 10 Grant Avenue.
I $40. I
II ' BICYCLES M
I THOS. H. B. VAESEY, Market k 10H, S.F'I
1 Open Wednesday and Saturday Evenings. I
SlHi^ VITALIS
.Sr^^C^^ll THE NEW
Brt»- ioth Day. •>>• AbL V FRENCH,,
YITALSS wr " X IDCUCnv
PBt.DK E8 TOT. ABOTK S.Vh Day. It CU I1 1
RESILTS. It quickly surely remoT.tNervou ! n«,, Impotent
Kightly Emissions, Ev»l Dreams Wasting Diseajet and afi effeoti
otself-abuse or excess and indiscr-tion. Restores Lest Tltality,
Power and Faihng Memory. Wards off Insanity and Con.ampl
lion. Cures when all others fail. Insist on haTinj VITALIC
no other. Can be carried in the »est pocket. By mail s)l.O«>
f."|P le STi. Or *w for #s^° with a S™" l " 'to C.r. or
I»cfmid the Mniifv. Circular Free kAArmmm
«ALUMET CUR£CO., 884 De.rbor.Tt., CU«^t
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy.
\V. J. Bryan (two stores), Grant Drug Co., in
Oakland by O^i Drug Co.
— — . _
POUe&etteA Kmjrlliih Diamond Brul - -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-SjTtv Orlginul and Only Ooanlno. A
£~i(KK\ i* rtt , * iwa 'L »U»Wb. laoiib ut iffY
aCk/fc^SMJs 0 "* Brand *' *"!«'-» Brgtiih />io->3WV
BfS#'\B«re\''i<>nd Brnnd In Ked and CoW mtulUeVVSr
J^ S^wW* 016 *' sealed with bin* ribbon. Tmke \l7 '
Tti *^ *x3°° other. £e/iu< dangtroui tutitiiu- V
I / ~ tisnt ami imitation: Ai DriggtiU, or sen* 4«,
I* J(K in it»mpi for partkul»r», tMtlnoaUli a«2
-^^M^i^fe^on^f^X's^