VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 17(5.
DEWEY TO STOP TEN
DAYS AT HONGKONG
Here Dewey Will Rest for Ten Days While the Olympia is Being Docked.
■rial Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1899, by James Gor
iinr Rennett.
HONGKONG, May 24.
— The cruiser Olym
pia, Admiral Dewey's
flagship, will go into
the drydock to-mor
row. She will prob
ably leave for home in
ten days.
INSURGENTS ATTACK,
AND ARE DEFEATED
Bpecin! Cable to The Call and the New York
Heral'l Copyrighted. ISC'9, by James Gor-
I'.-nnett.
MANILA. May 24.— A force of insur
gents attached the outposts one mile
from San Fernando at 9 o'clock this
morning. General Mac Arthur, with
two battalions of the Montana Volun
teers, two battalions of the Kansas
Jtegiment, under General Funston, and
two guns of the Utah Battery, one
Hotchklsfl and one Gatling. moved
against th» rebels, who were occupying
the trenches vacated at the fall of San
Fernando.
The Kansas troops deployed "n the
rieht. and the Montana Regiment to
the extreme left, while the battery
formed the center of the line. After an
obstinate resistance the enemy re
treated. They were flanked by the Kan
sas men and driven toward the Mon
tana troops, l»ut escaped, leaving their
dead and wounded behind.
The American loss was one killed and
twelve wounded. The Filipino loss was
-thirty killed and sixty wounded, Ninety
were taken prisoners, with 100 stands
of arms.
General Lawton is at Malolos with
practically his entire command. He is
withdrawing to the rallrdad, as the re
gion is difficult t" held during the rainy
season. The roads will be Impassable
in a few days.
A? supply bases small garrisons will
control navigation at points on the
rivers Grande, Bagbag and San Fer
nando.
SCHLEY ON FUTURE
NAVAL CONSTRUCTION
OMAHA, Ne-br., May 24.— Rear Ad
miral Schley left for Denver this after
noon, followed by the cheers of a great
multitude. When asked for an expros-
BIOD as to the probable result of the
war touching naval construction of the
future, he said:
"It is hard to say as to that. Various
nations may interpret it differently.
It will probably result in entirely dis
carding wood as construction material,
unless in connection with upper decks.
As !■ vessel that will be
given preference, that is to be deter
mined."
"And hoy about gur.s? Will big
one retain their popularity?"
"Well, results seem to show the best
work from 8-inch guns and those
smaller. I believe there is no record of
a U-ineh projectile striking, and but
two of the 12- inch. The 8 inch guns did
splendid work, and those of smaller
bore as well."
"Magazines have not yet printed
your story of the campaign?"
"No; I have not. written anything
and have declined all requests for con
structions of literary kind. I do not be
lieve that^hose who have a history or
assist in making history should write
it. Their field of vision if necessarily
limited, and they view it quit.' differ
ently from on>; who might obliquely spp
the entire situation. Then, again, there
are personal interests that should be
eliminated, and simple facts yhmild be
handed down to subsequent genera
tions. It is facts that the people want,
and when facts are in their possession
they do not have to go to Normal
Bchools to AedUCC conclusions."
VICTIMS OF BULLETS
OF THE FILIPINOS
WASHINGTON^May 24.— The War De-
VICTORIA PEAK AT HONGKONG.
partment to-day received the following
casualty report from General Otis:
WOI'XDED.
Twenty-first Infantry. May 14— E, Pri
vate Leonard Edling Kates, moderate;
Twelfth Infantry. 22d. I. Private John '
Ponder, skull, severe; Ninth Infantry. C, ,
Private Charles H. Knepker, thumb,
slight: Fourth Cavalry. K. Privates Joe.
Costello, breast, severe; Thomas Turner, .
thumb, moderate; Hans C. Mathieson.
thigh, severe. Twenty-second Infantry, ,
K. Private Robert V. Cassldy, severe; L. ■,
Simon Schulter, severe.
KILLED.
First Idaho— G, Corporal George Scott;
First Colorado— 23d, C, Private Harry L.
; Bowse.
The President has given orders to carry |
, out • the recommendations of Generals '
! Otis and Lawton, making Colonel-Sura
rcsersof the Second Oregon a brevet brig
adier general of volunteers; also making |
Captain Case of the Engineer .Battalion
a major by brevet.
NICARAGUA AND THE
BLUEFIELDS INDIANS
Red Men Refuse to Sig-n Away Their
Rights to the Zelaya Gov
ernment.
NEW YORK. May 24— A New Orleans ;
special to the Herald says: The steam
ship Condor, which sailed from Bluefields j
on May 17, left the Nlcaraguan gunboat
San Jacinto in Bluefields harbor, that
vessel having just returned from a trip '
to The Mosquito reservation. The San
Jacinto went there under orders from
General Torres, who is trying to cajole
the Indians of the« reservation into sign
ing a new treaty which virtually would
deprive them of all their present rights.
This is a part of President Zelaya's plan
to do away with all semblance of auton
omy in the Coast Department and thus
enable him to get all the revenues from
customs.
Heretofore the coast has had a separate
tariff schedule, and was supposed to
sj end the moneys collected for schools.
Improvements and so forth. It was the
mission of the San Jacinto to take hm-k to
Blueflelda the Indians who would support
an annexation movement doing away with
the Coast Department.
The gunboat returned with thirty-five
Indians, btit in her wake were small boats
bearing the wittas, or head mm of the
nation, whose presence hud a deterrent
effect, none of the Indians agreeing to
Torus' scheme. There is now :m edict
prohibiting the sale of powder and shot
tv Indians. One of the wlttas said, how
ever, that they stand ready to tight for
their rights.
It may lie that the conditions existing
when the Condor sailed ripened into an
open conflict, in which the San Jacinto
would naturally have played, an import
ant jitirt. Should this surmise prove'cor
i rect the origin of the rumor prevailing in
tliis country aDout the conflict between
the Detroit and the San Jacinto would be
explained.
FRUITLESS ATTEMPTS
TO SAVE THE PARIS
Stranded Steamer Remains on the
Rocks, and a Supreme Effort Will
Be Made to Free Her.
rOVERACK. Cornwall. May 24. 5 p. m —
The attempt just made to float the Ameri
can line steamer Parts has proved unsuc
cessful.
The scene in the vicinity of the Paris
was interesting and animated for an hour
before high water. The American steamer
and her tugs put on a full head of steam
and exerted their utmost power to refloat
her. These efforts continued fruitless for
two hours, and it waa finally decided to
defer the attempt to float her until a
later tide, probably on Friday.
The American line officials are still most
hopeful, but the experts are divided in
Opinion. Vice Admiral Sir Compton E.
Dorntville, superintendent of the Naval
Reserves, arrived this afternoon on board
the coastguard tender Hawk. He visited
the Paris and remained on hoard through
out the efforts made to float her.
The American liner St. Paul exchanged
salutes witli tire Paris as she passed up
the channel to-day for Southampton.
\'E\V YORK. May 24.- Vice President
w'right of the American line said to-day
that he had received a cablegram from
Henry Wilding, the iippnt of the line at
Southampton, in which he said the su
preme attempt to get the Paris off the
; rocks will be made Saturday. By that
time all the pumping apparatus will have
arrived at the steamer and the work will
have been started. Officials of the line
are still confident of saving the steamer.
"Through the First Antarctic Night."
Pppflal Table to The <"all and thf Npw York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599. by Jnmes Gor
dnn Bennett. .
BVENOB AYRES. May 24— Dr. Cook
delivered to-night his lecture entitled
"Through the First Antarctic Night."
and expressed his opinion that the gen
era! results of the Belglca's expedition 4
will be satisfactory.
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAY 25, 1899.
CUBANS WHO
WILL NOT TAKE
THE MONEY
Sanchez's Division Refuses
to Accept the Terms of
Uncle Sam.
OTHERS DISGRUNTLED
Members of the Late Military As
■semblyJoin in Advice to Insur-
I gents Not to Give Up Arms.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, May 24.— General Maximo
Gomez has received a telegram from
General Sanchez, In Santiago Province,
saying: '•Division will not accept
money."
He has replied: "Will use every ef
fort compatible with dignity and
honor."
The Havana papers consider this
answer evasive, and the Cubans gen
erally, especially those belonging to
the fighting divisions, whirh are chiefly
Westerners, say that most of the sol
diers will accept the money, as $75
apiece is better than nothing. Proba
bly thero will be a large attendance
on the first payment, as well as upon
those that follow. A member of the
staff of Gomez said to-day that not
more than 20 per cent would refuse
when the' money was actuary in sight.
The Sangulllys, Lacret, V ■'•i', Mayia,
Rodriguez and all the late members of
the Cuban Military Assembly. aided
by the opposition newspapers, are ad
vising the Cuban soldiers not to give
up their arms — not to sell the souvenirs
of the struggle for liberty, and not "to
part with honor for $i"5."
It is pointed out that e'-^n Gomez.
In his proclamation, counseled the
soldiers to go home with or without
money.
General Brooke, of course, will pro
ceed with his programme without heed
ing the opposition.
The military inquirers into the mat
ter have lost all confidence in the '•oils
prepared by the Cuban Military Assem
bly. Hence, if 15,000 or 20.000 men ap
pear for payment, the expectations of
the Americans will be satisfied, but the
dissidents will assert that as 39,930 men
were enrolled any number less than
that appearing for payment will repre
sent armed Cubans who reject the
American conditions. In any event a
large percentage of the $3,000,000 will
not be disbursed.
CHOLERA RAGES AT
INDIA'S CHIEF SEAPORT
BOMBAY, May 25.— Cholera is raging in
Karachi, the principal seaport town of
Singe. Two hundred and thirty-two new
cases were officially reported yesterday
and 208 deaths for the day.
The official returns show a total of 1197
cases and of 1099 deaths since the begin
ning of the outbreak.
Karachi, or Kurrachoo, is on an inlet
of the Indian Ocean, eighteen miles from
the west branch of the Indus. The town
was taken by the Hrltlsh in 1839, and was
retained as a military post. According to
the census of 1891. its population is about
100.000. A railway extends from Karachi
to Hyderabad. Of late years the town
has been rebuilt and greatly Improved,
and It Ib now one of the chief seaports
of India.
DEMAND FOR
REVISION IS
SUSTAINED
Justice de Beupre of the
Court of Cassation Has
Made a Report.
IT FAVORS DREYFUS
Had the Quashing of His Convic
tion Been Asked, However, It
Would Have Been Denied.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YOBK, May 24.— A cable
to the Sun from Paris sa'-s: It
is understood that the report of M.
Ballot de Beupre, president of the
civil division of the Court of Cassa
tion, on the Dreyfus revision pro
ceedings, states that the demand for
revision has oeen fully made out,
adding, however, that if the quashing
of Dreyfus' conviction had been de
manded it would not have been
granted.
PARIS, May 24.— The president of the
civil section of the Court of Cassation,
M. Ballot de Beupre, to-day submitted
to the President of the Court of Cassa
tion, M. Mazeau. the findings in the re
vision of the trial of Alfred Dreyfus.
The Figaro, continuing: its analysis
and publication of the evidence offered
in and bearing upon the proceedings
before the Court of Cassation, gives
the minutes of the investigation by
Oeneral Rrnouard into the conduct of
Lieutenant Colonel Dv Paty de Clam
on September 9, 1898.
The latter's examination confirms
the main points of Esterhazy's various
revelations. He denies that he wrote
or dictated the letters which Esterhazy
sent to M. Faure. He also denies that
he or any member of the general staff
wrote or dictated the "dixi" article, but
he admits that he corrected some of the
sentences.
The "veiled lady" was. he asserts, his
wife, whom he used as an intermediary
when forbidden to- see Esterhazy. He
admits that he did not have explicit
; orders, but says he believed he was
.. : . ' •■•'-. ' v.-^.ts
I of his chiefs and was led to act as he
did by the late Lieutenant Colonel
; Henry, who asked him to enter into
relations with Esterhazy. General
Cifinzp and General de Boisdrffre were
kept informed of what he was dojng.
General Renouard reported, accord
ing to the Figaro, that Dv Paty de
\ Clam had committed serious faults
which should be punished severely and
advised his retirement. This sugges
tion was carried out.
[ ©-♦-<§>-♦-<§>—♦-•'s•— ♦—$•—♦-<?• -♦— ♦--©
TREASURE
SHIP LADEN
WITH COLD
First Shipment From the
Lower California
Klondike.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX DIEGO, May 24.— A correspond
ent at Ensenada to-day telegraphed
'■ that the first consignment of gold dust
and nuKKets from the Cerro Pinto plac
j ers, which was sent on the steamer Cv
i racao to Guaymas merchants on her
last triii south, amounted to $158,000.
The news of this large shipment was
] kept very quiet by the persons interest
ed until they could get their men off
to the fields, and it has only Just leaked
out, causing excitement at Ensenada
; never before equaled. All the old
miners declare that a new Klondike
has been found.
Captain Martinez has pone to the
Cerro Pinto mines with twenty-five ru
rales to preserve order. Over fifty pas
sengers left Ensenada this afternoon
on the steamer Carlos Pacheco for
Asuncion Bay, the point of debarkation
for the mines. Every berth was occu
pied and many who wanted to go
could not pet accommodations.
A returning miner who has Just
reached Ensenada says that the plac
ers are twenty-eight miles long by fif
teen miles wide and the pay dirt runs
from two to six feet deep. The miners
are all making big money with their
crude washers. Water has to be
brought about twelve miles, and until
recently was sold by the water carriers
at $5 (Mexican money) a bucket. It Is
now down to $2 50 a bucket, and a
number of men are digging wells with
the hope of getting a supply near the
placers.
There are over 600 men at the mines
or on the road thither. There !s a
gr^at scarcity of pack animals, as
horsen cannot be used, owing to lack
of proper food. The placers are in a
barren, rlreary locality.
It transphes that the placers are not
so new BS was at first thought when
the excitement broke out a few days
ago. On February 16, 1898, Gordon &
Goodwin, real estate dealers in this
city, received letters from G. Antonio
Burr, a well-known and reliable mln
Continued on Second Page.
BRITONS CELEBRATE
VICTORIA'S BIRTHDAY
CONFERENCE
OF DEMOCRATS
TO BE HELD
Leaders Rally at St. Louis
to Arrange for Presi
dential Campaign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, May 24.— Ways, means
and methods of conducting the next
Presidential campaign will be consid
ered by the Democratic conference at
the Planters' Hotel to-morrow. It is
not thought that much other matter
will r-ome before the meeting, and no
definite action of any sort will be ta
ken until a majority of the members of
the committee is present, and whether
a sufficient number will be in attend
ance is problematical.
Ex-Governor Stone of Missouri, who
issued the call for the meeting, has re
ceived twenty-eight favorable replies.
Two of these have been withdrawn and
proxies forwarded. This leaves but
twenty-six members of the committee
as an outside number to be present at
the meeting, and the Democratic lead
ers are not over sanguine to-night that
they will have this number, or even
twenty-three, which would constitute a
working majority of the committee.
If a quorum is secured, it is altogeth
er likely, according to Committeeman
Gahan of Illinois, that the meeting will
be resolved, into a formal session of the
national committee and some definite
action taken. Otherwise -re will be
nothing but an informal conference re
garding the best methods of r " -ting
the campaign. Only three committee
men are in the city to-night. Woodson
of Kentucky. Gahan of Illinois and
Stone of Missouri.
It Is generally understood that "anti
trust" will be the rallying cry for the
Democracy, with •'anti-imperialism" a
close second and "16 to 1" not entirely
discarded, but kept in third place. As
one of the leaders of the party ex
pressed it, "anti-trust" and "anti-im
perialism" will be the salt and pepper
with which we will flavor "16 to 1."
There have been countless rumors
floating around to the effect that silver
is to be entirely discarded and that, as
far as Missouri is concerned, Bryan, is
to be shelved in favor of William J.
Stone of Missouri. This Mr. Stone
positively denied to-day, saying that
he would go into the next convention to
work for Bryan, and that the Missouri
delegation would vote solidly for Mr.
Bryan's nomination.
Committeeman Gahan was closeted
for three hours to-day with Mr. Stone,
urging the claims of the Harrison fac
QUEEN VICTORIA.
From a Photograph by Taber.
tion in Illinois as against that headed)
by ex-Governor Altgeld.
The Harrison men deeply resent the j
action of the Democratic National j
Committee in the indorsement it gave |
Altgeld in the Mayoralty campaign in I
Chicago this spring, and was very stiff
in urging that Altgeld be removed from
the advisory committee of the National j
Committee, as he did. not represent the
regular Democratic organization, which
the Harrison men assert themselves to
be. They did not succeed in obtaining
what they desired, and Mr. Altgeld will
probably remain a member of the ad
viscry committee, but they were made
complacent by assurances that the
power and influence of Altgeld as a
member of the advisory committee will
be greatly curtailed.
Similar assurances were also re
ceived concerning Editor P. J. Devlin
of the Democratic National Press Bu
reau, who circulated the indorsement
of Altgeld, to which the Harrison men
object. The Harrison faction, after re
ceiving assurances that the Altgeld
power will be restrained, lessened their
light against him. but there is to be no
let-up regarding Devlin, and the Illi
nois men are out after his scalp. They
prefer it blood raw. Devlin is not
alarmed, and declares that as he is the
personal appointee of Chairman Jones,
nobody but that gentleman can remove
him. He says he will hang on despite
the efforts of the Illinois men.
If the conference should be resolved
into, a form of a national committee
to-morrow, it is probable that the res
ignation of Messrs. Teller and Allen
from the ways and means committee
will be accepted. Both are willing to
get out and the other members of the
national committee are willing they
should.
It is also reported that Chairman
Jones of the national committee will
resign, but this is not confirmed. It is
known that Senator Jones is a sick ma.a
and his illness is of a nature that may
prevent his taking an active part in the
management of a Presidential cam
paign.
The "anti-trust" banquet to-morrow
night promises to be a most successful
affair. All available seats have been
sold and an overflow meeting has been
arranged for. The toasts will be as fol
lows: "Why We Are Here," Hon. Har
ry B. Hawes; "Presentation of State
and District Banners in the Name of
the State Committee," Hon. Champ
Clark: "Acceptance of State Banner,"
Hon. C. B. Faris; "Acceptance of Dis
trict Banners," Hon. M. F. Benton;
"Trusts and Democracy," M. C. Wet
more; "The Trust and Its Parents,"
Hon. D. A. DeArmond; "Monopolies,"
Hon. William J. Bryan.
It is expected that short talks will be
made by other distinguished Dem
ocrats.
Conference on Freight Rates.
ST. PAT T L, Minn., May 24. -The confer
ence called to consider freight rates to
Pacific Coast points closed this afternoon,
after two days' discussion without a de
cision In favor of either Pacific Coast
jobbers, who demand a change in the
tariff under discussion, known as trans
continental sheet 118. amendment 2 to the
westbound tariff 1 C. or the representa
tives of the wholesale and jobbing Inter
ests of the Middle Wost. who insist that
the present tariffs must be maintained.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WINDSOR A
SCENE OF
FESTIVITY
At Home and Abroad Loving
Subjects Pay Homage *to
Their Sovereign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 24.— Torrents of
rain ushered in Queen Victoria's
eightieth birthday to-day. Wind
sor, where a general holiday is
being observed, was decorated with
flags and the church bells were rung
at 11 o'clock in the morning. The
weather cleared about li o'clock abd
a serenade by the Windsor and Eton
Am.it.cur Choral Societies was given
in the grand quadrangle of Windsor
Castle. The sun then shon° brilliant
ly. The serenade was listened to by
the Queen and members of the Royal
family.
Sir Walter Parratt, the master of the
Queen's music, and private organist
to the Q^ieen, wearing his official robes,
conducted the serenade from the steps
of the Queen's private entrance to the
palace, just below the Oak room,
where the Queen was breakfasting. The
Eton College volunteer cadets marched
into the castle grounds, headed by a
band of music and took up a position
in the rear of the choir. Behind the
cadets were drawn up the rest of the
Eton boys and the Military Knights of
Windsor. The Mayor and Corporation
of Windsor, in their full robes of office,
and the borough Magistrates were also
present.
The scene was picturesque. They ail
sang the National anthi-m and then
the choir gave the programme, com
prising the late Bishop of Waketield's
jubilee hymn, a four-part song, and
two specially written madrigals "To
the Queen." Finally the Eton boys
gave three lusty cheers in honor of Her
Majesty, and the Duke of Connaught
came to one of the windows and
thanked those present in behalf of the
Queen, who herself, looking to be in
excellent health, came forward and
bowed repeatedly.
During the afternoon the Queen
planted an oak sapling on the east lawn
of Windsor Castle. She drove along
Kenneth Drive to the spot and was
assisted in the planting by the Duke
of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. All the
members of the royal family witnessed
the ceremony. Her Majesty then con
tinued her drive in the direction of
Frogmore.
The Military Knights of Windsor pre
sented an address to the Oueen at n*~ ■•
in the corridor of the castle, and re
ceived the warm thanks of Her Ma
jesty.
A pretty incident was the presenta
tion to the Queen this morning by each
of her grand and great-grandchildren
now at the castle of a tiny bouquet of2
flowers. These descendants of Her
Majesty, who was deeply touched, also
kissed her.
Her Majesty also attended the birth
day service held at the Chapel Royal,
St. James Palace.
A great congregation assembled in
St. Paul's Cathedral this morning,
where thanksgiving services were held
and huge crowds, unable to obtain ad
mittance, grouped themselves in the
spaces about the building.
The Lord Mayor of London, Sir John
Vere Moore, the Sheriffs, the Aldermen,
sword and mace-bearers and all tne
other functionaries, In their robes of
state, attended. The Archbishop of
Canterbury, the Most Rev. Frederick
Temple, D.D., officiated and preached
the sermon, after which a te deum was
sung.
Birthday celebrations occurred
throughout the provinces. The ships
in the different ports were "dressed"
for the occasion, and the warships
were covered with bunting. At Ports
mouth there were reviews of the reg
ular troops, volunteers and naval bri
gades, and the same ceremonies oc
curred at the various arsenals and
garrison towns.
A telegram from Simla, the Bummer
capital of British India, records that
impressive Queen's birthday services
there were attended by the Viceroy of
India, Lord Curzon of Kedleston. and
the Indian and military officials in full
dress. Royal salutes were fired. Lord
and Lady Curzon held a state dinner
and levee at night.
Dispatches from the Continent report
the printing of eulogistic articles on
the Queen's reign in the European
press.
Joseph H. Choate, the United States
Bmbassador, telegraphed his congrat
ulations to the Queen, and Her Majes
ty sent a gracious reply.
The birthday banquet given at the
Hotel Cecil to-night was attended by
many members of the American So
ciety in London. -Lord Rosebery,
who presided, referred to the Ameri
can guests as "representing a great
commonwealth of States once a part
of the British empire, but now nearer
than any other country except the col
onies."
Colonel Taylor, of the societ-" in re
sponse, paid a tribute to the Oueen and
read cablegrams that had been ex- ;
changed with the citizens of Tampa, ;
Fla. His speech brought out a further ■
response from Lord Rosebery, after
which the orchestra played "Hail Co
lumbia," amid a lively demonstration.
Banquets and receptions were given j
by the British Embaspadors and Min
isters at all the leading capitals in Eu
rope in honor of the day.
An interesting feature of the celebra- i
tion here was the attendance of the
boys Of the naval and military schools
at a matinee given by Mr. Herbert \
Beerbohm Tree's company at Her Ma
jesty's theater, where the entire au- !
dience sang the national anthem, to
which the Queen listened by electro- ;
phone at Windsor Castle. Her Majes
ty telegraphed an expression of her
pleasure.
ROME. May 24.— King Humbert and ,
Queen Margherita attended the recep
tion given in honor of Queen Victoria's
eightieth birthday this afternoon at I
the British Embassy by Sir Philip W.
Currie, the British Embassador. Slgnor
Francisco Crispi and Marquis de Ru- '
dini, former Premiers, accompanied ,
their Majesties. King Humbert tele
graphed his congratulations to Wind
sor Castle.
PARIS, May 24.— Sir Edmund J.
Munson. the British Embassador,
gave a brilliant reception at the Brit- '
ish Embassy to-night to celebrate the
eightieth birthday of the "ueen. The
principal members of the French Cab
inet attended and President Loubet i
sent a special representative.
GREATEST DAY IN THE
HISTORY OF PORT TAMPA
PORT TAMPA, Fla., M»v "i -Th»
greatest day in tne history of Port '
Tampa, that of the celebration of
Qu^n Victoria's eightieth birthday, |
opened bright and warm. At sunrise, i
salutes were fired from the British and i
American war vessels lying in the har- i
bor. The shipping in the harbor was
gay with its dressings of flaps and pen
nants and throughout the town was a
liberal display of Hags, bunting and
Qoral decorations. British and Ameri
can flags were floated from every point
of vantage, and among them were
many Gorman flags. The most strik
ing feature of the decorations was a
triumphal arch displaying the British
lion and the American eagle.
Two hundred marines from the In
trepid and Pearl, the two British cruis
ers sent to take part in the celebration,
arrived at 8 o'clock in the morning and
were escorted up the dock by the Port
Tampa division Of the Florida Naval
Reserves, the Englishmen playing the
American national air and the Ameri
cans responding with the British an
them.' Arms were presented as they
passf-d through the arch, the shipping
in the harbor rent the air with its
steam whistles and goners, and the
spectators cheered themselves hoarse.
The most dramatic in< ident of the
day was the unveiling of a large por
trait of Queen Victoria. Th^ portrait,
draped in the flags of the two coun
tries, stood upon a small balcony of the
inn and before it stood a crowd of ex
pectant watchers.
At noon precisely in the capital of
Albany, N. V.. Governor Roosevelt
touched an electric button, the cover
ing fell from th^ face and two ma
rines. English and American, standing
on either side of the portrait, clasped
each other's hands in token of the
amity of the two great nations. The
people cheered wildly and off in the
harbor were heard the heavy guns of
the warships firing the Queen's salute.
TIMES COMMENTS ON THE
COMMONWEALTH OF STATES
LONDON, May 25.— The Times this
morning, commenting upon the univer
sality of the birthday celebration, says:
Love and reverence for the Queen are
not confined to her empire, wide as are
its frontiers. Most deeply are these In
fluences felt by that great "common
wealth of states" referred to last even
ing by Lord Rosebery as closer now than
since the separation, and it must be
among the deepest satisfactions of her
old age to see the unhappy feelings evoked
by that separation disappear at last in
that sense of Anglo-Saxon brotherhood
and presage of An?lo-Saxon destiny to
which Colonel Taylor of the American So
ciety in London gave eloquent utterance
and which President McKlnley has ex
pressed as the regard and affection which
the American people cherish toward our
Queen.
- -■♦■
ENTHUSIASTIC REUNION
AT THE MERCHANTS' CLUB
The Merchants' Club was the scene last
night uf an enthusiastic reunion of about
a hundred British-born residents of Sun
Francisco, the occasion being the Brit
ish Benevolent Society's annual dinner in
celebration of the birthdny of Queen Vic
toria. Her Britannic Majesty's Consul
General. William Clayton Plckersglil,
presided, and William Doxey acted as
toastir.aster. After the menu had been
disposed of the Consul General proposed
the toast of the evening. "The Queen."
He alluded to t.ie jubilee processions and
festivities in London, and remarked how,
in the midst of all the splendor and mag
nificence, the most impressive figure was
that of an old lady, simply attired, that
attracted all eyes and won all hearts. He
commented on her long and glorious
r«-ifrn. and expressed the fervent hope
that the gracious lady's life may long be
spared.
"God Save the Queen" was then sung
by the whole party, accompanied by the
orchestra.
In speaking- to tho toast of "The Prr-si
deiit of the United State.B," the chairman
"CHOOSE BETWEEN
US," SAID THE WIFE
Husband Selected h\er Rival, ar>d
She Drove H*™ fron)
the House.
I'KIAH, May 24.— When Mrs. Inez Adams a popular married young
•woman of this city, hud incidents called to her attention warranting a be
lief that her husband was untrue, she didn't go into hysterics and "make a
scene," but on the contrary adopted measures so original that the gossips are
talking of nothing else. Mrs. Adams, whose maiden name was Sloper, was
married to Herbert Adams, a good-looking young fellow employed at the
Palace Hotel, about eight months ago. Until a few weeks ago their life
se< mcd to be a continual honeymoon. Finally the husband began to give the
tongue of scandal an opportunity to wag by paying marked attention to Miss
Bessie Braden. a pretty girl, whose home is at Fort Bragg. Miss Braden
has been a member of Mrs. Anna Porterfield's normal class for some time.
Last Sunday Mrs. Adams sent for Miss Braden, with whom she had al
ways been very friendly, and told her there was to be an entertainment at
her residence that evening. The girl came and was dined and otherwise enter
tained until the arrival of her husband.
Then came the entertainment promised. Rising to her feet the irate wife
confronted the two and tragically exclaimed:
"Now, sir, 1 understand that you are paying attentions to this lady.
Choose between us."
For a moment the husband was dumfounded, but only for a moment. He
went over to Miss Braden and took her hand with the simple statement that
he "had followed the lead of his heart.
The wife asked them to wait a moment and in a trice had her husband's
grip packed. Returning, she told him to take the girl and the grip and
leave with them or she would till them both full of lead. They departid
without any argument.
Mrs. Adams has returned to her home and will sue for a divorce. So great
a scandal was caused by the occurrence that Miss Braden was dismissed
from the normal class.
alluded to the peculiarly difficult circum
• a in which President McKlnley
found himself and to the patience, tact
and courage which he had displayed.
'•Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean,'.'
was then rendered by the orchestra and
lung by the assemblage. "The British
Benevolent Society of California" was
proposed by the toastmaster and re
sponded to by the Consul General, who
humorously said that it had the distinc
tion of being the worst-supported society
within his knowledge.
G. C Woodward, the secretary of the
society, made some remarks upon its
finances. W. Kalnaves sang "Nelson,"
and for an encore gave "Hearts ot Oak.'
"The Land We Came From" was as
sipned on the programme to William
Greer Harrison, but. in his absence, F.
D. Brandon made an excellent speech.
"Rule Britannia" having been sung by
the whole company. J. C. Hughes gave
good renderings of "The Gallants of Eng
land." "The Friar of Orders Gray" and
"The March of the Men of Harlech.
Hugh Craig, speaking to "The Land We
Live in," made an allusion to the good
understanding existing between Dewt-y
and tho British admiral at Manila, ftnd
to the vast strength of the English
speaking; peoples.
F. M. Coffin sang "The Star-Spangled
Banner." and for an encore a song by Sir
Arthur Sullivan, entitled "Where is An
other Sweet as My Sweet?"
Vincent Neale responded for "The La
dles " the Rev. W. H. L. O'Rorke for
"Sister Societies" and Arthur Barendt for
"The Press." Songs by C. J. McCollum.
Robert Blair and a duet by W. Balnaves
and J. C. Hughes brought a pleasant
evening to a close.
Among those present were William
Clayton Pickersgill (H. B. M. Consul Gen
eral i. William Doxey. W. A. Sabin, F. U.
Argall. W. Balnaves, John Metcalfe, G.
C Woodward, W. B. Chapman. Vincent
Neale Dr G. Childs-Macdonald. Dr. W.
F. McNutt. James McNab, Captain Will
iam McAllister, William Robertson. An
drew Wilki»>. Samuel Haslett. Robert
Blair. Allan Pollock. James Hogg. M. U.
Bates C. J. McCollum, F. C. Drimeld, R.
J. Buchly. F. R. Catton, W. Roberts. Cap
tain R. Bryce. J. G. Menzies, C. C. Dobie,
J. Nash. J. H. Mcßea, F. B. Burnell, W.
M. Bdgell, J. Trounson, W. H. Ross. M.
J. Burke, J. H. Wallace. A. H. Barendt,
Wellesley Moore, F. D. Brandon, Dr. H.
I Jones," Dr. E. W. Thomas, J. McGaw.
C. B. Russell. G. C. B. Anderson. T.
Ersklne, ('. I. Fallon. Charles Lowry, W.
F Ross. A. H. P. Wynne. L. P. Holden.
.1 Kitchen Sr.. F. Wlnterburn, Henry
Wan! J J. Theobald, J. L. Batchan,
Arthur Inkersley, C. Rleveley. R. S.
rraig, W. J. Mitchell. R. N.j C. B. Sedg
wlck, J P. Nieto. Henry Holmes. J. N.
O.lell, J. D. Brown. R. H. Naunton, H.
W. Dye and Dr. George Botsford.
TREASURE
SHIP LADEN
WITH GOLD
Continued from First Page.
ing engineer in Lower California. Mr.
Hurr wrote from Calmalli, eighty miles
norlheast of. the Cerro Pinto placers,
as follows:
There are placers about a hundred
miles south of here which will boom in
side of eighteen months. The miners are
working <lry washers. They come to the
store and pile up pounds of gold right
before my eyes and the outside world has
not known anything about this. This
has been going on for years and they
have hardly begun on the placers, they
are so extensive. Half-ounce and ounce
nuggets are not uncommon, and I am in
formed that but a short time ago a man
took out one of five pounds.
In another letter, dated March 24,
1898, Mr. Burr wrote to Gordon & Good
win that the placers, which he had
prospected to some extent since his pre
vious letter, would run from 50 cents
to $200 to the yard. For some reason
Gordon & Goodwin were not interested
In the placers. Mr. Burr was on a mis
sion connected with copper mines and
the news of the find was never made
public, or, if it was, no excitement and
rush followed, as promises to be the
case now.
RATES FOR EDUCATORS.
Railroads Make a Low Round Trip
Charge.
CHICAGO, May 24.— Central passenger
roads have announced that they will make
a rate of one faro plus 12 for the round
trip from their territory to Los Angeles
and return for the annual convention of
the National Educational Association to
be held there July 10 to July 14. Tickets
at these rates may be sold by all routes
via which regular nine months' Pacific
Coast tourists' tickets originally apply,
and may read via Portland and the
i Shasta route in one direction only on pay
ment of $12 b<) extra at the time of pur
■ chase, except that the Union Pacific and
Santa Fe will require on tickets reading
i one direction via Ogden and on the other
! via Portland and the Shasta route $17 50
i additional. On the tickets reading one
way via Denver and San Francisco from'
BaritQjr or El Paso or Deming and in the
reV< rse direction via Portland and the
Shasla route Sl7 50 additional will be
■ charged. These rates will be in effect
| from June 24 to July 7, good for return to
; September 5.
Frank P. Johnson Dead.
SALINAS, May 24.— Frank I. Johnson
died of dropsy last night. He was 44
years old and a native son. Until re
cently he was assistant cashier in the
Salinas City Bank. He leaves a widow
and four children. The funeral will take
place to-morrow afternoon.
Walters May Lose a Leg.
SUISUN, May 24.— A second operation
was to-day performed on Jesse Walters'
leg. The danger that amputation below
the knee may be necessary is not yet
averted.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 25, 1899.
CREEDE HAD GOLD
IN A DENVER BANK
Fortune Found for Little
Dorothy.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 24.— John T.
Jones, the attorney handling the proper
ty of the late N. C. Creede. has returned
from a trip East. He visited Denver to
clear certain business details left by
Creede in that city In a rather chaotic
condition. Major Jones sought out the
First National Bank of that city, where
he presented Creede's bankbooks to have
the account of the dead miner straight
ened. No one believed Creede had a
penny left In the Denver bank, no record
of any deposit in that institution having
been found among his effects, but upon
checking up Creede's deposit he was
found to have a balance In the bank of
$19,003 SO. Major Jones received word
from Denver yesterday that the money
had been turned over to the Creede
estate.
If Major Jonec can hring It about, little
Dorothy Creede will come in for another
windfall in the form of stock in th*e cele
brated Amethyst mine, at Creede. Col.,
valued at $1,150,000. This property is
claimed as Creede 8 share, and unless the
claim is allowed suit will be brought to
recover it.
Major Jones said to-day that unless the
owners of the mine— D. H. Moffat, W. S.
Cheeseman, L. Campbell and E. T.
Smith, all of Denver— made .a satisfac
tory compromise, the case would be tak
en into the courts. The necessary legal
documents are now being flrawn. It is
Major Jones' opinion that the case prob
ably will be settled out of court.
Dorothy Creede. who wa« ndoptf'i by
the dead miner a short time before he
died, Is now with her mother, Mrs. Bass
ford, at San Francisco.
THREE RECORDS BROKEN
ON BICYCLE TRACK
Fast Time Made by Fournier, the
Frenchman, and McFarland of
California.
WASHINGTON. M-;> 24.— Three records
were smashed at th<i Park Bicycle track
races held to-day in connection with the
peace Jubilee. Henri Kournler, the French
ridpr. gavo an exhibition on his "infer
nal" machine, covering the mile in 1:313-5,
the fastest time ever made on a two
wheeled vehicle. Honors were carried off
by the out-of-town riders. Floyd McFar
land of California taking the lion's share
with two firsts and a third. In the first
heat of the two-mile event McFarland
made the distance i.i 4:08 3-5, beating
Bald's record at Minneapolis of 4:09. Sum
maries:
One mile open, professional, final heat— F. A.
MoFarland won, O. L. Stevens second. Earl
Riser third, Tom Cooper fourth. Time, 205
Two mile handicap, final— F. A. McFarland
wnn, A. C. Moran second. Charles HadfMd
third, C. S. Henshaw fourth. Time. 4:15 2-5.
one-third rnlle, handicap, professional, final
—Karl Kiser wnn, O. L. Stevens second, F. A
McFarland third, Owen Klmble fourth. Time
:41 3-5.
COGHLAN WANTED TO
GO TO MARE ISLAND
But He Will Have a More Important
Command at Puget
Sound.
. NEW YORK, May 24.-The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: I was told to-day that v nptaln
Coghlan desired to fco to the Mare Island
navy yard. A vacancy did exist at that
point, filled by the orders issued to-day
to Captain W. W. Mead, recently retired
from command of the cruiser Brooklyn
but It is explained that both the Secre
tary and Admiral Crowninshleld believed
that Captain Ooghlan would prefer an
Independent command, such aa he will
have at Puget Sound, rather than a su
bordinate position which he would have
secured had he been sent to Mare Island
Should Captain Ooghlan make any ob
jections to his assignment the depart
ment will willingly transfer him to some
other point.
Because of the large drydock at Puget
Sound, the only dock on the Sound
which can accommodate battleships, the
Puget Sound station is one of Import
ance— must more ho than that of Port
Royal, to which Rear Admiral Sumner.
Captain Coghlan's senior, has been as
signed.
To Revive District Fairs.
STOCKTON, May 24.— An effort is be
ing made to obtain a local board of di
rectors for the San Joaquin Agricultural
Association which will disentangle the
financial difficulties of the district and de
vise means for resuming the fairs which
for many years drew throngs of people to
Stockton. Acting upon the request ct the
Governor the Democratic and Republican
county committees have submitted the
names of a number of energetic young
business men and it is expected appoint
ments will be made soon. The Republi
can committee submits five names— two
more than the Democratic. The board Is
at present very Democratic in complexion
and it is the desire of the political friends
of the Governor to see him give both par
ties equal representation. The old asso
ciation owes about $18,000, but holds $45,
--000 worth of property. There 1b a plan to
turn over the property to the city or
county in consideration of the payment
of the outstanding indebtedness, the fair
thereafter to be at least nominally under
the control of City Council or Board of
Supervises. It is believed that when the
new hoarl is appointed some plan will he
devised to Improve the property and re
sume the fairs and race meets.
Castelar Is Very 111.
MADRID, May 24.— Senor don Emillo
Castelar, the distinguished Republican or
ator and statesman, who was attacked
last winter by pulmonary catarrh, has
suffered a serious relapse. Additional
medical advisers have been summoned to
the patient.
KUNJA BID UP
AFTER WINNING
Selling Race War on at
Latonia.
JOLLY ROGER IS CLAIMED
THREE MEN DRAW LOTS FOR
THE HORSE.
Every Favorite Taken Into Camp at
St. Louis — George Keene a
Winner at Morris
Park.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, May 24.-A selling race
was started at Latonia to-day. Ike Wal-
U nstein ran up Kunja, the favorite of tHe
last race, to JSOS. Kunja was In to be sold
for $350. She was bought in by her owner.
After the selling race boost J. D. Smith,
"Billy" Donahue and J. H. Smith put In
claims for Jolly Roger, which finished
third. The judges made the three owners
draw lots for the horse and J. D. Smith
drew the lucky number. He then turned
round and sold Jolly Roger back to Bob
Tucker, the trainer of the horse. Jolly
Roger is owned by John Vetter, the Lou
isville bookmaker. The track was fast.
Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Bentley B won. Os
man second, Golden Edge third. Time, 1:10%.
Four and a half furlongs— Lignite won, Alleen
Wilson second, Merlto third. Time. M\.
Mile ar.d seventy yards. Belling— Cynic won,
McCleary second, Lyllia third. Time, 1:46%.
Mile— Samovar won, Eltholln second, Infe
lice third. Time, 1:43.
Five furlongs— Jucuma won, Decoy second,
Lon Ferguson third. Time, 1:03.
Seven furlongs, selling— Kunja won. Full
Dress second, Jolly Roger third. Time, 1:28)4.
ST. LOUIS. May 24.— Not a single favorite
won at the Fair Grounds to-day. Walk Fast,
the German horse from Brewer Schorr's stable,
at 10 to 1, was the longest shot of the day to
win. Good track and pleasant weather. Re
sults:
Mile, selling— Mystery won, Einer second, Our
Clara third. Time. 1:45.
Celling, two-year-olds, five furlongs— Schnell
Laufer won, Joe Wheeler second, Lomond
third. Time, 1:04%.
Mile— Be True won. Chancery second, O'Con
nor third. Time. 1:45.
Handicap, mile and seventy yards— David
Tenny won. Lee Bruno second, Meadowthorp
third. Time. 1:47 V
Seven furlongs— Don Orsino won, Richard J
second. Found third. Time, 1:30.
Mile— O«rlc II won, Jimp second, Barbee
third. Time, 1:44.
CHICAGO, May 24. — Weather clear, track
fast, at Lakeside:
Four and a half furlongs— Banbury won, Jeff
second, Georgetown third. Time, :56%.
Seven furlongs— Myth won. Hurricane second.
Kind's Guard third. Time, 1:29,4.
Six furlongs — won. Alma Glyn second,
Al Lone third. Time, 1:15%.
Mile and a sixteenth— Dalgxettl won. Dr.
Marks second. Robert Bonner third. Time.
1:50%.
Six furlongs — Papa Harry won, Marco Polo
second. Nellie Fonso third. Time. 1:16%.
Six furlongs— Pauline J yon, McAlbert sec
ond, Lcbengula third. Tim*, 1:15%.
NEW YORK, May 24.— Results at Morris
Pa rk :
Six furlongs— Latchkey won, Ineonnamara
second. Lady Madge third. Time, 1:14^.
Selling, five furlongs— Midsummer won, The
Amazon second, Maharajarah . third. Time,
Gaiety stakes, half mile— Fond Hope won,
Neda MCOOO, Hear Heart third. Time, :4SVi.
Mil>- - Kirkwinid wnn. St. I/orenao second.
Mazarine third. Time, 1:414.
Van Cortland. seven furlongs— George Keene
won. Floreuu — o<t*4 Lackland third. Time,
1 :>.'- i
Hurdlp. handicap, mile and three-quarters—
Ben Eder won. Governor Build second, Forget
third. Time, I:16H.
BROOKLYN DEFEATED
BY THE COLONELS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet.: Clubs- W. L. I'd. ■
Brooklyn ...23 10 .697 Baltimore ..17 Jo .531 I
St Louis 22 10 .6SS Plttsburg ...11 19 .367 i
Chicago 20 12 .625 New York... 11 19 .367 !
Boston 19 12 .M 3 Louisville ..11 19 .367
Philadelphia 19 12 .Kl3 Washington 9 2.1 .257 i
Cincinnati ..17 12 .5^6 Cleveland .. 6 22 .214 j
LOUISVILLE, May 24.— The Colonel's losing I
streak was broken to-day. After tietng the
score In the ninth and with Powers on third,
Hanlon sent word to Yeager to give Clark
his base on balls. Grim stepped out of the box
to receive the first ball pitched and Umpire
Kmslif calif! a balk, lowers scoring. Attend
ance, t<3s. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Louisville 6 8 2 ' ;
Brooklyn 5 11 1
Batteries— Magee and Klttredge; Ttager and
(trim. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
FITTSBURG, May 24.— 1t was a hair-raising
finish and Baltimore did the raising. IMtts
burg with four hits batted in two runs in the
ninth, tleing the score. It was then nip and j
tuck until the twelfth, when Brodle got to sec
ond on a hit and McCarthy's wild throw. He
came home on Kelster's long two-bagger, win
ning the game. Attendance. 1800. Score:
clubs— R. H. E.
rittsburgr 6 16 2
Baltimore 7 13 5
Twelve innings. Batteries— Leever and Bow
erman; McGlnlty and Robinson. Umpires—
Gaftney and Andrews.
ST. I/K'IS, May 24.— The champions went at
Cy Y.-iung In a. terrific manner In the opening
inning and made five clean singles, netting
them three runs. The visitors kept up the
good stick work all through the game and the
result was never In doubt. Lewis, although a
bit wild, twirled in fine form and kept the
Perfectors' hits scattered. The champions
played a brilliant fielding game. Attendance,
4700. Score:
Clubs— R H. E.
St. Louis 1 8 5
Boston 8 13 0
Batteries— Young and Crlger: Lewis and Ber
gen. Umpires— O' Day and McGarr.
CINCINNATI, May 24. — Seymour's thirteenth
base on balls in the tenth inning was the
Reds' winning run. Cy's hitting kept his team
in the game. Hawley was relieved In the fifth
by Phillips, who pitched great ball. Attend
ance, 1750. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Cinrlnnatl 7 7 2
New York « 9 1
Batteries— Hawley, Phillips and Peltz; Sey
mour and Grady. Umpires— Swartwood and
Warner.
CHICAGO, May 24.— The Phillies kept up
their hard and well placed hitting to-day and
won from the Orphans as they pleased. At
tendance, 3200. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Chicago 7 10 S
Philadelphia 14 16 3
Batteries— Katoll and Donahue: Fraser, Fl
fleld and McFarland. Umpir'ea— Hunt and Con
nolly.
CLEVELAND. May 24.— The Senators took
another game to-day by good batting, being
aided by the costly errors of Lockhead at short
for the locals. Attendance, 250. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 6 11 2
Washington 8 13 4
Batteries— Carsey and Zlmmer; Dineen and
McGuire. Umpires— Smith and Bruns.
REMAIN IN CONFINEMENT.
Irish Political Prisoners Have Not
Seen Freed.
NEW YORK. May 24.— A cable to the
Sun from London says: The reported re
lease of Fitzharris and other men Im
prisoned for complicity in the Phoenix
Park murders is unfounded. The men
are still confined In Maryboro prison.
Passed Forged Checks.
SALINAS, May 24.— James Scofield, one
of the most clever passers of bogus
checks ever captured in this section, was
to-day sentenced to serve a long term iri
San Quentin. Scofleld's operations were
extensive in this county. He was wanted
In San Jose and Gilroy also.
BELGIUM OBJECTS
TO ORLEANS' VISIT
Desires to Maintain tr;e Existing
Cordial Relations With
NEW YORK, May 24.— A cable to the Sun from London says: The
correspondent of the Sun at Antwerp learns that the Belgian Govern
ment strongly objects to the proposed visit of the Duke of Orleans to
Belgium. Recent Orleanist manifestations have irritated the authorities,
■who desire to maintain the existing cordial relations with France, and,
according to the correspondent, the Duke will be informed that his
presence is not desired in Belgium during the present French crisis.
WRIGHT BRINGS
A NOVEL CHARGE
Denies That Purtelle Is
Married.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May 24.— There were
two interesting developments in the cele
brated Wright-Purtelle damage suit to
day. In an answer liled by Attorney Hep
burn Wllkins the defendant denies that
the plaintiff is legally united to the wo
man bearing his name, while Wright him
self recorded a mortgage for $17,000 on
the property of the American Land and
Trust Company at Larkspur, showing
that he is in financial as well as legal
straits, owing to the bitter warfare waged
against him by Attorney Mahoney.
Only a few weeks ago W. H. Purtelle,
who formerly published a weekly paper
at Larkspur, sued C. W. Wright, the
president of the American Land and
Trust Company, for alienating the affec
tions of his wife, May Purtelle, and fixed
the damages at $10,000. It was alleged
that Wright and Mrs. Purtelle had been
unduly intimate.
In the answer filed to-day all the counts
of the complaint are denied generally and
specifically. Wright has ail along as
serted that he would spring a surprise
on the plaintiff, ami he made good his
word. In speaking of the relationship be
tween Purtelle and his wife the complaint
reads:
The defendant alleges that he has no in
formation ami belief sufficient to enable him
to answer the first allegation or paragraph
of the first count of said complaint, and, there
fore, placing his denial upon that ground, the
defendant denies that May I'urtelle and W.
H. Purtolle were lawfully or otherwlM or .it
all intermarried on October 1. IS9I, or at any
other time or at the city of Vancouver. State
of Washington, or any place else. Defendant
denies that she was or Its now the wife of
plaintiff.
In the mortgage recorded to-day by C.
W. Weight and G. A. M. Wright, his
wife, ten blocks of land and 242 acres of
the Patrick King estate, the property of
the American Land and Trust Company,
situated in Larkspur, are mortgaged to
the Bank of Tomafea for $17,0tX>. The time
is specified at three years and the rate
as 7Vfc per cent.
PAID OUT MONEY ON
A FORGED TELEGRAM
Bank of Palo Alto Brings Suit
Againsv the Pacific Postal
Company.
SAN JOSE, May 24.— A suit that will be
of more than usual interest to telegraph
companies and banking corporations was
filed in the Superior Court here to-day.
The plaintiff is the Bank of Palo Alto,
and the action is brought against the
Pacific Postal Company to recover
damages and money paid out by the bank
on a bogus telegram transmitted by the
telegraph company.
On December 27, IWS. Loe D. Winkler,
a telegraph operator in the San Fran
cisco office of the defendant, ana Byron
H. Barclay.alias Harry L. Cator, entered
into a plan to defraud the Palo Alto bank
of $MO. Barclay went to Palo Alto, and
Minkler, who hart free access to all the
wires of the company, sent the following
telegram:
LOB ANGELES. December 27, IS9S— Bank of
Palo Alto: Pay Harry L. Cator |840. Waive
cn FA C RMERS' AND MERCHANTS' BANK.
Inquiry at the bank by the tele
graph office in San Francisco brought
the information that the telegram was
regular. Later it was proved a forgery.
Barclay received ihe $S4O. c proved a
traitor to his confederate and wont into
the tenderloin of San trancisco to spend
the cash, where he was suusequently ar
rested. Most of the money was re
co%'ered. Minkler became frightened and
fled to Dunsmuir, whore he was arrested.
Barclay turned State's evidence, and
after having been in jail a few days was
released. Minkler pleaded guilty in the
Superior Court here and was sentenced
to nine months in the County Jail by
Judge Lorigan, which he is now serving.
The Bank of Palo Alto alleges that the
bogus telegram sent by Minkler. an em
ploye of the defendant, defrauded it out
of "SB4O, which it has never been able to
collect from the company. Damages to
the amount of $2118 34 and the $840 paid
out on the telegram are asked for.
SAW A CENTURY AND
TEN YEARS OF LIFE
Senora Fijancesca de Lugo Passes
Away in a Hut at Linda
Vista.
PASADENA. May 21.— A remarkable
career exceeding in length that of Queen
Victoria by thirty years was closed at
San Gabriel Mission to-day by the burial
of Senora Francesca de Luga. Born of
wealthy parents, she died on Monday last
in a hut at Linda Vista, a suburb of
wealthy Pasadena. The date of her birth
is contained in the archives of the San
Juan Capistrano Mission and is October
23 1789. She was born a direct subject of
Charles IV of Spain, long before Mexico
became a republic, and lived to see the
last vestige of Spanish rule disappear
from her native land.
Dr. Reid in his history of Pasadena
says that at the time the Two Days
battle was fought, beginning January 9,
1847 she noted as supply agent and com
missary for the Mexican troops, galloping
about on horseback gathering supplies,
although she was thpn 58 years old.
Senora Lugo had been bedridden for the
last ten years, but retained her clearness
of mind up to the last moment, giving
parting advice to her seven grandchil
dren at the very last.
ASKS FOR A REHEARING.
Los Angeles' Petition in the Watec
Company Case.
LOS ANGELES, May 24,-The city of
Los Angeles, through the city attorney,
has filed an application before the Su
preme Court for a rehearing of the re
ceivership case in the litigation between
the city and the Los Angelos City Water
Company. The Supreme Court has de
cided that the receivership under which
the water company was prevented col
lecting water rents and expending money
for maintenance and improvements was
invalid. In the city's petition it is as
sumed that that part of the decision of
the Supreme Court which is to the ef
fect that Los Angeles city is not a ripa
rian proprietor is unnecessary and unsus
talned.
The Mayor signed to-day the ordinance
recently passed by the City Council which
accepts the award made by the board of
arbitrators selected to settle the amount
to be paid by the city for the water com
pany's plant.
Tonti to Be Secretary.
ROME. May 24.— 1t is understood here
that Archbishop Tonti of Port au Prince,
Hayti, will be appointed secretary of the
Congregation of the Propaganda,
prance.
OLYMPIC CLUB
THE SCENE OF
SPIRITED BOUTS
Ed Johnson of Oregon
Meets Defeat.
The Olympic Club gymnasium was
crowded last evening with members and
sportsmen, who gathered to witness the
finals of the series of boxing contests and
a special bout between the middle-weight
champions of California and Oregon.
A special prize was offered for a six
round contest between E. Johnson, the
champion middle-weight boxer of the
Multnomah Athletic Club of Portland, Or.,
and J. McDonald, middle-weight cham
pion of the Olympic Club.
George Green and "Bob" McArthur sec
onded Johnson and J. F. McCarthy and
De Witt Van Court looked after the in
terests of McDonald. In the first round
McDonald used foul tactics by holding his
opponent's hand and then landing on
Johnson's neck with the right. He was
cautioned by Referee Smith, but repeated
the offense several times during the
round. Johnson stopped cleverly several
leads for the stomach, but failed to
guard swings aimed at his head. Mc-
Donald had the best of the second round,
landing quite frequently on Johnson's
neck, but he could not resist engaging In
foul play, much to the disgust of the
Oregonian, who appealed to the referee.
Johnson, who is a six-footer, had evi
dently been sparring with some one who i
was his eciual in height, and McDonald,
Who is a stocky built fellow, assumed a
crouching position and easily ducked
Johnson's blows, which went sailing over
his head. Then again, the Olympian
would dash at his opponent, who stood on
guard waiting for the attack, and smash
Johnson a left on the jaw and retire with
out a return blow..
Johnson's failure was owing principally
to his method of fighting. He invariably
waited for the attack and instead of up
jx-rcutting his antagonist when the op
portunity arrived he stood posing, and
while thinking what was best to do with
a man less his size by several inches he
invariably received a left hand smash
in the face, which upset all his plans. In
the fifth round Johnson was sent to the
canvas by a right-hander on the jaw,
where he remained eight seconds. He got
tip only to be sent down again, and then
the timely gona sounaed the end of the
round.
The seconds of the Multnomah Club's
champion, seeing that Johnson's fight was
hopeless, signaled defeat and amid wild
cheers McDonald was declared the victor.
Johnson, however, put up a game fight.
W. J. Leonard of tue Olympic Club de
feated William Hoskins of the Excelsior
Club in a six-round bout. Leonard's body
punches knocked the steam out of Hos
kins. who fought gamely to the end.
"Doc" Flynn of the Excelsior Club got
a decision over J. Kane of the Liberty
Club, but it must be f-aid with all credit
to Kane that he suffered defeat only by
the very poor judgment displayed by the
judges, who received well merited cen
sure from the members. The judges were
S. Carter of the Olympic Club and Frank
Cerini of the Reliance Club of Oakland.
The results of the rounds fought were:
In the first Kane scored most points.
The second and t^ird were evenly con
tested. The fourth round was Kane's be
yond a question of doubt. In the fifth
Kane sent his opponent to the carpet and
had all the better of the argument. The
sixth was fairly even, although Kane had
a shade the best of the round. How the
judges could have figured otherwise is a
mystery even to the boxer who was
handed the championship belt. He cer
tainly will not condescend to wear it as
an emblem of victory.
A. Hellman of the Sacramento Athletic
Club lost a decision by his own foolish
ness. He thought that F. Ast of the
Manhattan Athletic Club was easy game
and started in at the sound of the gong
to mix things and win a quick and easy
victory. The first round was give and
take. Ast held his own with the heavy
hitting lad from the capital city, and in
the second round alter some hot ex
changes Hellman ran bang into a right
hand cross which caught him on the jaw
point, and down went Hellman on his
back. When he regained his equilibrium
he wanted to know what had happened.
"Why, can't you see what is up? asked
one of his seconds. "Look across the ring
and you will witness the rrsult. There
is Professor Ast, the jaw-smasher, try
ing on the Hermann Oelrichs' champion
belt." Poor Hellman looked surprised,
and wondered how he received the blow
that killed his aspirations.
NEALL COURT-MARTIAL.
Findings in the Case Transmitted to
the Secretary of Wa/.
The findings of the court-martial in the
case of Lieutenant J. M. Neall, Fourth
Cavalry. U. S. A., have been forwarded
to Washington for the approval of the
Secretary of War. Among army officers
and others familiar with military affairs
the opinion is entertained that if executive
clemency is not Interposed the accused
will be dismissed from the army
PAUNCEFOTE HOPES FOR
ARBITRATION TRIBUNAL
LONDON, May 25.— The correspondent
of the Daily News at The Hague says:
Sir Julian Pauncefote entertains the hope
that the Peace Conference will favor the
establishment of a permanent tribunal for
optional recourse for arbitration and me
diation. He says: "What is wanted is
to secure prompt and certain aids to in
ternational justice. This is the right way
to discourage the UFe of forces to further
the cause of arbitration. The mere fact
of the existence of such a tribunal would
exert a potent influence in behalf of in
ternational justice."
It is considered a good omen that
American and Spanish flags are flying
from the neighboring windows of a hotel '■
where the delegates of these nations are
fellow-guests. It is understood that the
sort of organic statute Great Britain and ;
the United States are prepared to sup
port is one on the lines of the memorial
of the New York Bar Association to |
President McKinley.
Selecting a Camp Site.
SANTA CRUZ, May 24.— Major General
Dickinson. Brigadier General Muller. Ad
jutant General Peeler. General R. H.
Warfield, Colonel Nerny and H. Cluff, the
committee to select the site for the en
campment for the National Guard, ar
rived this noon and were met by Major
Lamb Professor D. C. CMark, Supervisor
Collins Duncan McPherson and Carl E.
1 inflsay They were escorted to the Sea
Beach Hotel, where dinner was in wait
ine This afternoon they were driven to
£>c Laveaga Heights to select the site.
At the St. George Hotel a banquet was
tendered the committee. The visitors
were at the armory this evening to in
spect the Naval Militia.
Suicide of a Prisoner.
PORTLAND, May J4.-J. Nell] Gresham
of Jonesboro, Term., a nephew of the late
Secretary of State \V. Q. Gresham, com
mitted suicide this evening at the Per
kins Hotel by shooting himself through
the heart. He was ariested here on com
plaint of a banker at La Grande. Or., fur
obtaining money under false pret. ■
The officer who ma>le the arrest locked
him in a room in the notel and while alone
Gresham killed himself.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Woman's power is largely dependent
upon her ability to interest, entertain, at-
tract and please. It is for this reason that
women strive to become accomplished.
They study in order that they may converse
intelligently on all subjects. They strive
to become {rood musicians, graceful dan-
cers and amiable hostesses.
All accomplishments are unavailing if a
woman suffers from ill-health in a womanly -v
way. The special weakness peculiar to the w^
womanly organism, will rapidly wreck the'
general health. The sufferer will lose her
natural vivacity, her wit, her good looks,
and the ambition and power to display the
accomplishments at her command. Any
woman affected in this way should resort J
to Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. j It is
a wonderful medicine for ailing women. It
is the invention of an eminent and skillful
physician, Dr. R. V. Pierce, for thirty years
chief consulting physician to the Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical Institute, at Buffalo,
N. Y. It aims to cure but one class of dis-
eases, and claims to be good for nothing
else. It imparts health, elastic strength,
vigor and virility to the delicate feminine
organs. It prepares a woman for wifehood
and motherhood.
Mrs. Ramon Sanchez. Penasco, Taos r County,
N. Mex., in a letter to Dr. Pierce says: " From a
grateful heart my voice goes up to God both night
and day in a solemn prayer that He may guard
your health and preserve your life. I hereby ex-
press my gratitude to you for the relief I have
received from your wonderful medicine, ' Favor-
ite Prescription.' After suffering: years of misery
I am to-day a healthy and happy wife, and can
truthfully recommend to women the use of the
' Favorite Prescription ' as a regulator of the
monthly periods. '
The quick constipation - cure — Doctor
Pierces Pleasant Pellets. Never gripe.
jBEECHAM'S PILLS
t taken at night will make you;
• feel right, act right and look ;■ A
1 right They cure Constipation.
I 1O cents and 95 cents, nt all drugstores. <•
I« 1 1 ■»■»■»■»■ — -»— •♦•»•»■ --—+
No More
Wakeful Nights
rra followed by weary days,
If 1 1 if you take at mealtime
rjjtf and before retiring
jifflCTrSL. Efficacious as a tonic
hBHMkB and decidedly pleasing
!^£^B&rc£ to the taste.
SiitviraTaJv'* Invigorates but will
'[JjytltyMSL not intoxicate.
MtSgHaSsSl Awarded First Honor*
SitfittiMgSri&t at Trans-. Mississippi
££gs*jr^f|3 and International Ex-
When you order this tonic of your drug-
gist give its full name with emphasis on
" BLATZ."
Prepared by
VAL Buff BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE. B. S. A.
LOUIS CAliiN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS.
416 to 418 Sacramento Street.
■*-O-*O-»-O-«- O-*-O-*-O -♦- O-*O-*-O-*O-»-O-»-O-«!
,, ♦-
1 VICHY I
O if- K -mnm f11J....— ■ U _J_-JU,H
I m HHTlJl>ffi|
I ♦ ■ Natural Mineral Water ♦
4 J^Hb. known for centuries and 4
O AMBsk imported q
n yiSPIL ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
£ ,f^Ml' or Disordered Stomach ♦
4 «ufBB and Indigestion - ?
0 S|S^HBlts value has been tisti- O
l^^jS^^j ' led to by thousands. ♦
2 VICHY »1 So-called Vichy in Sy- ?
® -iqß l*^ 4 phons q
O K^^S IS NOT VICHY. ♦
♦ ■|O|rfi Get the Genuine. ♦
® Your physician O
* HjnTnnra will recommend It. ♦
O Bmaljli^ A . viquier, Diatribntiag Agtct J
RIEVFLAND B!CYCLES! *
ULLILLMIiU $40 and $50
LEAVITT > BILL,
Open Every Evening. 309 Larkin St.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
Jhuseuh OF anatomy^
9 Cj% 1051«UESETST.t«t.6±*7th,S.r.0d. i
\ Of -The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A - 3L_^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
W flkJsA disease po»l«l»«-ly i,y the f.ldest T
£ fig gl Specialist on the Cout. Est. 36 years- ■ ©
9 tf^^S DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES J
\ frtKffta Contultation frfe and strirtly private. \
iizELl - JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES m
■ ffikftl Con«ultation free and stri-tly private .
W M Vf ykjt Po>'tive Cure in every case undertaken. T,
dF I 11 A WntlnrP, .kPHII.OSIII'HVofi
V ' I l'» H4IIBI4«t, MAILED FREE. (if
\ (i 'U' valuable book for mm) ■ k
f OR JORDAN A CO.; 1051 Market St., S. F. 9
MAKE PERFECT MEN
DO NOT DESPAIR ! PonotSuf-
fer Longer! The Joys ami amhiiiorts of
Jate3**«(t3* life can be rrstoreu to you. Tlie very
JSj ' rSa worst en»e» of Xeriou« I>rblllty are
a»U SOT DESPAIR ! nut Suf-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very-
worst chdcs of Nerrou" Oebllltj' «ro
nlisolutelv cored by PKKFECTO
Jfii TA lI LETS. Give prompt relief to in-
wBß suMiuia, falling memory and the waste
Jgyj^aKtar i.nd drain of vital powers, incurred by
'L.AU'Qw' indiscretions or excesses of ear'y years.
'-'MbF&~- Impart vifror and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give >fi£t< bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eye* of t f rft\ youiur or old.. >
One 50c box renews vital energy, PlIlO boxes at M
%1. to a complete iruafanreed cure or money ie-^
funded. Can b« enrried In vest pocket. Sold v
everywhere.or mailed In plain wrappt-r on receipt of
Vrice by TilE PKHFK(TO CO., tairnn Uldg., Chicago, 11U
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy
W. J. : Bryan (two stores), Grant Drug Co.. la
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. •EDUCATION NOT
A DISADVANTAGE
Views of Los Angeles'
Learned Men.
REPLY TO MR. HUNTINGTON
HIS DECLARED TO BE A MER
CENARY OPINION.
Knowledge Acquired in Colleges, They
Assert, Does Not Unfit a Man
for Fighting Life's
Battles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 24.— Angeles
! educators do not agree with Collis P.
Huntington in the statement he made at
a recent function that college training
lessens the chances of a man in life's bat
tle. Particular" objection is made to the
> 'Wing assertion by the railroad mag- ,
nate: " *w
"How many young: men with college ed- :
ucations are standing about waiting for
something that will never come because !
the work that lies nearest at hand is not j
to their liking? Somehow or other our j
schools which teach young people how to
talk -do not teach them how to live."
When asked to express an opinion on :
Mr. Huntlngton's speech President E. T. i
Pierce of the State Normal School said: '
"So far as public school education is j
concerned l have /expressed my- i
self. I would not say wtih him that I re- !
gret the tendency to higher education. . I '■
I believe most firmly in that. We ought to |
give our young people practical views of
life and the ability to take their places in
society as workers. I don't believe young
people are fitted for the practical work of
life at the age of 15 to 21 j ears, but 1 do
believe that their education during that
period should be of a nature to tit them '
for it. J would not have any one stop at- ;
tending school between the ages or 13 and
1!1. That is not the thing to look forward
to."
"Huntington is all wrong," said Profes
sor James A. Foshay, Superintendent of
Los Angeles Public Schools. " - The chil
dren must be trained— and when I say I
trained 1 mean all-around training. If
!we would have it Ideal the bt|Jiy must be
trained as well as the mind. Education I
should be threefold— mental, moral and !
physical. 1 believe physical training
should receive much more attention than
it does. In regard to Intellectual train
ing we cannot have too much. People
should be taught how to talk and how to
live; the one as well as the other; and edu
cation should mean both. The educated
man. if he is going to dig a ditch, can do
the work just as well as or better than I
he could were he uneducated. His educa
tion will certainly not be a drawback to'
him. an.-i it must be a benefit."
(President George W. White, of the
University of California, said he had i
read Huntington"s speech. In discussing
the railroad president's language he did
not npare his words.
"Huntington voices, I suppose, the 1
mercenary side of the question," said the
college president, "as well as it could be
voiced. A great many people think that
a man should educate himself for busi- i
ness purposes, but it is a very defective
view of education. Education should
I have a higher motive than that. It does
help a man in his business life. I don't
believe Huntington's statement that;
higher education unfits a man for busi
ness life: It a man is judged as to his i
business capacity upon the conclusion of !
his college education he might not make !
a very good showing as compared with
the man who has spent some years in a
distinctly business training, but put the
college trained man at the beginning of :
a business training beside the man who
lias not had a college training and he
will distance him every time. Having
had his faculties trained to education. It
is all to his advantage.
"The effort has been to combine the
two Ideas— that is. to put the first part
of the college course into general culture
and the last part Into specializing to fit
a man for whatever line he expects to
follow. This prevents the common weak
ness, which Is one of the most dangerous
things in the human mmd — the tendency
to run to one Idea. The one-idea man
i? the crank and is liable to become a
■ dangerous man to the community by his
" unbalanced judgment.
"That is the purely mercenary or busi
ness side of education. My judgment is ;
that the highest value of education Is j
the selfhood of the Individual. Its real
i worth is in the development of mental
power whereby a man puts himself in
touch With the best things the world has
produced, makes himself a part of the
best in all the realms of thought. That
is the real value of education, with which
the money value is not to be compared ,
at all. The greatest menace to our ed
ucational system of to-day Is such senti
ments as Mr. Huntington has expressed,
by which the mercenary Influence is
given the highest place and young men
are led to think that money-making is |
the chief end and aim of life."
ENTERTAINED AT A
ROUND-TABLE DINNER
Mr. and Mrs. J. Philip Smith of Santa
Cruz Banquet Friends Before
Leaving for Europe.
NEW YORK, May 24.— Mr. and Mrs. J.
Philip Smith of Santa Cruz, who will '<
leave New York for Europe next -week,
gave a delightful dinner to a number of
friends this evening at the Plaza Hotel, j
Their guests numbered sixteen and were ]
as follows: Commodore and Mrs. .Clar- i
ence Postly, Mrs. David Lyall, Count and
Countess de Bocande, Mr. and Mrs. Hor
ace Stokes. Mr. and Mrs. Harry L. Smith,
Mr. and Mrs. George Washington Carr,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Higelow, Willis
Paine, Miss Anita Gonzales and George
Varnard.
Th» ; dinner took place in . one of the
largest rooms of the hotel, which was
prettily decorated for the occasion, pink
. being the predominant color. The room
% banked in palms and blooming plants
, and th<-re was an abundance or sweet
' peas and roses.
Th- guests sat .it a large round table,
which was beautifully adorned and pre-
Isented a handsome appearance. At one
end nf the room a screen of palms and
American Beauty roses hid from view a
mandolin and guitar orchestra which dis
coursed pleasing music during the even-
Ing. Following was the menu:
Clams. Consumme Fevique.
Stuffed olives. Celery. Radishes. Anchovies.
Tlmbale N«:>',!itaine.
Filet of bass, «ni'-p vpnibienne. Cucumbers.
Pot Georgette.
Saddle of spring lamb with peas.
Sweetbreads with new asparagus Una.
Fresh mushroon saute. Sorbet surprise.
Broiled boneless squabs. Salad plaza.
Charlotte tarlHette aux nai p. Petit fours.
Fancy icecream.
Coffee. Cheese. *
Mr. and Mrs. Smith made charming
hosts and did everything possible to en
hance the pleasure of the guests. They
will sail on the steamship Majestic of
the Cunard line on Wednesday next, and
after remaining about a month In Eng
land will go to I .if is. which they ex
pect to make their home for several
years.
Farmers to Hold an Institute.
STOCKTON, Hay 84.— Representative
nif-n from different portions of the coun
ty nvt tO-day to consider the holding of
irmera' institute here. Professor
Fowler wrote that he could be present
the last of June or the first of July. Pro
r Cook also is willing to attend.
Several farmers suggested that the time
mentioned would fall in the middle of
the harvest and wanted to have tue in
f-:itu!i ii. id ,-i couple of weeks later. The
■.iry was instriuueo to communicate
». the professors and others whose
~ • nee i - desired and arrange for some
agreeable to all. The following
general committee nan been selected to
prepare for the gathering: W. L. Over
heiser, W. T. Noyes, J. M. Bigger,
George Washley, C. F. Holman, A. E.
Mucntor and. E^ W. S. Woods.
TWO CLAIMANTS
FOR AN OFFICE
Appointment by Gage Is
Contested.
MAUDE FINDS A RiVAL
PRICE NAMED FOB HIGHWAY
COMMISSIONER.
Selected for the Place by the Old j
Commission Before That Body
Went Out of Existence
at Midnight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. May 24.— The terms
Marsd< n Manson, W. L. Ashe and J. R. i
Price, Commissioners of the State De- I
partment of Highways, expire to-night at ..
midnight and the administration of the '
department will ih"n fall to one man.
Who that one man shall be is the ques- '
tion. Governor Gage last week named
J. L. Maude. Commissioners Ashe and I
Manson have named their colleague, -. \
K. Price.
The question as to whose authority— j
the Governor's or the majority of the '
' 'i.mmlssioners' — is the superior is a nice ;
The law of 1597, as set forth, pro- j
vides that each of the Highway Commis
sioners shall hold office for the term of
two years from and after the date of his '■
qualification; that at the expiration of the j
last named term two of the three officers ;
shall thereupon cease and determine, and ;
the powers and duties specified shall de
volve upon one Hignway Commissioner. |
The law also provides that thirty days
prior to the expiration of the terms of
the Highway Commissioners or Gover
nor, by and with the advice and consent j
of the Senate, unless it he otherwise pro
vided by law, shall appoint for a term of
four years and every four years thereaf- j
ter one civil engineer as Highway Com- ;
missioner, upon whom shall devolve all of
the duties and powers which shall be con
ferred upon the Commissioners first ap
pointed under the provisions of the act
of LS97.
Having in view the provisions of this
law the Commissioners have adopted the
following resolutions:
Resolved That whereas, the law providing
for ih» appointment of the present Highway ■
Commissioners of the Department of High
ways, approve.) April 1. 1*97, contains a pro
vision that each of the Highway Commissioners
shall hold office for the term of two years
from and after the date of his qualification,
and that at the expiration of said last-na!ivd
term two of said three offices shall there
upon cease and determine and the powers and
duties herein specified shall devolve upon one
Highway Commissioner, and ;it least thirty
days prior to the expiration of the term of
the HiKhway Cpnunlsstonera provided for In
the above lection, the Governor, by and with j
the consent of the Senate, and unless it be i
otherwise provided by law. shall appoint, for j
a term of tuur years, and every four years
thereafter, one civil engineer as Highway Com
missioner, who shall have the qualineatl'U.H
specified In section 2 of this act. and upon
bim shall devolve all of the duties and pow
ers which shall be conferred upon the com
missioners first appointed under the provisions
of this act. and who shall receive like com- I
pensatlon; and. whereas, the present High- ;
w;:y Commissioners <iua)lrled upon tht 25th day
• May, 1-^7. and their terms of office under
juoh act will have lasted for two years upon
Ith day of Hay. 1&99; and whereas. It!
■ -s.iry and expedient that this board .
determine which particular two of said j
three offices shall determine after said two
years shall have elapsed from suofa qualln
'catkm as aforesaid on the said 24th d«,> of
May, 1899.
Resolved, That the two offices of Highway
i',,mmiseionerß which do cease and determln-H
on said 24th day of May, I&S9, by virtue .if ■
said act, are the two offices now held and
ed by Marsden MaOBOa and \V. I-.. As-ln ;
and that the office of Highway Commissioner
now held by J. R. Price is the one of said
three offices which does not cease and deter- i
mine on said 24th day of May. 1599. but Is '
the office of Highway Commissioner that is to
continue and exist under and by virtue of ■
the provisions of such act; that such office
is now filled and occupied by said J. R. Prl( •■,
and shall lemaln so tilled an.i occupied until
;.:.■< hm ssor fhall be appointed and qualified
in the manner provided by law.
Resolved, That upon said determination of
the said offices now ..rcupied by said Harsden
Manson and W. L. Ashe that Bald J. R. Pri ■.
as Highway Commissioner, Ik authorized, di- !
rected and empowered to take possession of :
all the property in the possession and control
.'! the present Highway Commissioners and to
h ild the'same until the appointment and quali
fication of his successor as provided by law.
Commissioner Price holds with the oth- I
( rs that Maude's appointment should have ,
been made in time to have been confirmed
by the last session of the Senate. Price, I
It is understood, will Dot make any effort
to hold on, but this remains to be seen
to-morrow, when Maude will claim the
office.
INSANE ASIATICS TO
BE RETURNED HOME
California Asylums Shall Be Relieved
of the Burden of Caring for
Them.
STOCKTON, May 24.— The eighty-five
f'hinf-?<» and five Japanese inmates of the
Stockton State Hospital for the Insane
are shortly to be returned to their re
spective countries. Word to this effect
has been received by the local managers
from the State Lunacy Commission,
which has for some time been negotiat
ing with the Japanese and Chinese Gov
ernments with this end in view. Both
Governments have expressed a willing
ness to bear the expense of returning the
afflicted ones. The patients will be de
livered on board ship, and thereafter the
agents of the foreign governments will
become responsible for them. The depor
tation agreement extends to all asylums
in the State. It will relieve the taxpay
ers of heavy expense and the officials of
much trouble, as the Asiatics are hard
to care for. Some idea of the cost to the
State may be gained from the fact that
about one in sixteen of the Inmates of
the local institution is an Asiatic.
CONSTITUTIONALITY OF
FIXING WATER RATES
Supreme Court Holds That Munici-
palities Have a Rig-ht to Regu
late Compensation.
WASHINGTON, May 24.— 1n the United
States Supreme Court prior to adjourn
ment Justice Harlan announced an opin
ion in the case of the San Diego Land
and Town Company against the City of
National City, Cal., ana others. The suit
grew out of water rates fixed by the au
thorities of National City for the year of
1896, which the land company claimed
were so low as to be confiscatory A
Circuit Court refused to accept this view
and Issued a decree dismissing the bill
Justice Harlan's opinion confirmed this
view.
The fase Involved the validity of the
California State law authorizing county
and town and city authorities in that
State to fix annually the rates that shall
be charged by any person or corporation
for water furnished within its limits.
De Vries Back From the East.
STOCKTON. May 24.— Congressman
Marion de Vries is home from a trip
through the East. Mr. de Vries was in
New York, Washington and other places
on private busfness, and says he noticed
evidences of prosperity throughout his
travels. He does not credit the report
of Speaker Reed's retirement, but says it
may be true. Mr. de Vries is an admirer
of the man from Maine, who always ex
tended to him every courtesy usually ac
corded to veteran members only.
DINNER SET DAY.
Some sets cut 60 per cent.
Some sets cut 50 per cent.
$3 75. $4 86, $5 35. $6 25. $7 85 per set
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAT 25, 1899.
CHARLES STULZ.
\ One more brave Californian has laid down his life in the Philip- '"
o» pines. Charles Stulz rnlisleo In Company H, South Dakota volunteers, 05
♦ when the regiment was at San Francisco, ana sailed with his com- ♦
SS mand to Manila. He was on the firing line with his comrades before 83
X Malolos when death came to him on April 24. His parents, Mr. and c.
♦ Mrs. Fred Stulz, live at 921 Greenwich street. ♦
#♦?;♦%♦•; +&VB* 8-^sv-; ♦ \ ♦••♦•. ♦;•♦•.♦••♦•;♦•; ♦ % ♦ •* *s*£+B*«+B*#
BRIGHT OUTLOOK
ON THE RANCHES
Grain and Fruit Doing
Nicely.
Special Dispatch to The Tall.
: SAN* JOSE, May 24.— There was a slight
i rain here last night, but the total pre
cipitation amounted to but a trace. ] lay
ing is in full progress. The crop is good,
but not so heavy as hail been expected
after the March rains. Late sown crops
Will be light. The cool weather baa helped
grain. Cherries are ripening rapidly and
being shipped. In a few localities the
crop is good. Taking the valley over the
crop is unusually light. Peaches are
heavy, but some orchards have dropped
the leaves, owing to the "curled leaf."
Apricots are light. Prunes will not be
lan average crop. Prices are good, and
i all in all the season promises to be a
profitable one.
LOS ANGELES, May 24.— weather
1 in Southern California during the last few
' weeks has been favorable to crops,
: though the lack of sufficient rainfall dur
; ing the season is being felt. The nights
| have been cool and foggy and plants and
trees have taken considerable moisture
from the atmosphere. The weather has
been more uniformly cool during May
j than for any May for several years.
Oranges, lemons and deciduous fruits
i promise well. A fair hay and grain crop
has been harvested. Irrigating' water is
scarce, but many artesian wells are be
ing driven to supply the lack.
SAN MIGUEL, May 24.— heavy
frost of Monday night did more damage
than was at first thought, especially in
the lowlands, where ice formed. Frost at
I this date in this locality has not been
known in years. In some places north of
i here the grain crops have been almost
entirely ruined by the frost, and the grain
has been cut for hay. The most sanguine
estimates of the yield in this vicinity
place the product at only a half crop, ex
cept in some of the western, country,
where the yield will be greater.
STOCKTON. May 24.— The cool, cloudy
| weather of the past week or ten days :
' has been of the greatest benefit to grow
; ing grain, which was beginning to suffer
i for the want of moisture. The cloudy
; weather came just in the nick of time- to
insure an immense grain harvest. Bomo ;
i injury has been done to grapes and
| other fruit and almonds by frost, but on
I the whole San Joaquin County will make j
' a splendid showing, especially an regards
' grain, and it is believed it will be the i
I banner grain producer.
SACRAMENTO, May 24.— The weather
here was rather cool to-day, four- j
hundredths of an inch of rain having ;
fallen last night. During the afternoon !
: there were showers. The cool weather
is not favorable to the rapid ripening of
! fruit, but rain, it is claimed, will not do j
] any damage to fruit. Tlk- grain rrop in I
this locality will be enormous. Similar
good reports come from all over the Sac
ramento Valley.
RED BLL'FF. May 24.— Considerable
' rain fell in this section to-day. The down- !
fall is believed to have been general here
' abouts. Very little hay is down, and con
sequently thorp will be no damage, but i
Instead "considerable benefit to fruit and '
gr-.wlng crops.
sriSTN. May 24.— Light rain prevailed
jat intervals throughout Bolano County
j to-day, not In sufficient quantity, how
ever, to do much damage. Haying opera- ;
I tions are now in full blast and heavy
rains would prove destructive.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 24.— This section
was visited by a shower early this morn
• ing. The rain was local, extending only
over this immediate vicinity. Threaten
ing clouds and high winds continued dur
i ing the day.
SAN DIEGO, May 24.— The weather is
dry and moderately warm and the nights
t cool and partly cloudy. Fruits are doing !
well A fair hay crop is In sight.
SANTA CRI'Z. May 24.— 1t commenced
; raining at 2 o'clock this morning and since
, then there have been occasional showers.
i They are needed at this time.
SANTA ROSA, May 24.— More heavy
showers of rain to-day and rain is falling
: to-night. It is of immense benefit to the
hay and grain crops.
NAPA, May 24.— One-hnlf inch of rain
! fell last night and to-day. Occasional
showers are still falling.
WOODLAND, May 24.— Showers pre
: vailed generally throughout the county
this morning, although there are a few
! localities in which the rainfall was so
, light as to be scarcely perceptible. The
i precipitation was heaviest in the foot
! hills between Capay and Winters. If the
' weather should clear up now the damage
1 to the hay crop would not be very seri
ous and would probably be compensated
for by the benefit to winter-sown grain,
which in many cases is badly in need of
moisture. If the showers continue much
longer the damage to hay will be a seri
ous matter, as a great deal of it is still
in the shock or winrow. Fortunately
there was no wind during the showers.
If a windstorm had prevailed at the same
time a great deal of the rank, summer
, fallowed wheat would have been knocked
down. So far no damage his resulted to
wheat.
A PECULIAR STORM.
Just a Little Rain From the
Inland.
Local Forecaster M< Adie says that the
showers which have visted the northern
part of the State during the past thirty
six hours were caused by a storm which
began at Tehachapi. The storm worked
rapidly toward the* north, inland between
the Sierras and the Rockies. It then
veered slightly eastward to Idaho and
Montana. From there it will probably
go up the Missouri Valley and give rain
to the East
"It was a peculiar storm," said Mr. Me- j
Adie. "inasmuch that Northern Califor
tlia got a little rain after the storm had
1 I. Eastern Oregon had some rain.
; and the Sacramento, Napa, Vaca and So
noma valleys had slight showers. There
was only a trace In the Santa Clara Val-
Lley. About .1" of an inch fell in the city.!
and that was the average for the points
visited,
M Th.- ctnrm difl not ootWe rrr.ni th<» j
ocean this time, but was of inland growth j
in Southeastern California. It was not)
heavy enough to do any damage. It will i
[ not hurt the cherries or hay. and it will ,
;do grain a. little good. The present con- I
ditions are U*r clearing weather to-day.
"The prospects are splendid for all
kinds of crops In the State. In the Sac
ramento Valley and fruit are looking
well, and haying, which is now In full
blast, promises a large crop of excellent
quality. Hop vines are thrifty, and early ]
peaches will be gathered soon. The cool '
\ weather somewhat retards the ripening
!of fruit. Rain would be beneficial in the .
, San Joaquin, but early wheat and barley |
will yield a fair crop. In Fresno County j
fruit and grapes are doing well, and the I
hay crop on irrigated lands is better than j
expected. In Sonoma County the vine- j
yards are in first-class condition, and In I
San Benito the wheat is all being cut for I
hay. in Monterey peaches and apples will !
he a full crop, but prunes, pears and ap- I
1 ricots will be light. In Los Angeles the |
j cool weather is favorable to growing
grain and orchards. Beets are growing
nicely, but early planted beans are not
cming up well. The frost in some sec
| tlons has injured vines and vegetables."
MILITIA IN READINESS
TO PROTECT NEGROES
GRIFFIN. Oa.. May 24.— The flogging
of three colored operatives of the Kin
raid mills on Monday ni-ght by whiteoaps j
lias led to sensational developments. Last
night another negro was taken from his
house and severely beaten and cut. These
negroes are law abiding citizens. To-day
the superintendent and others at the Kin
oaid mills were notified to leave at once
or they would be "dealt with."
It now transpires that there has been
a club formed here known as the Labor
ers' I'nion Band, with the purpose of
driving the negroes out of the country.
The band has about 500 members, a large
number of whom are boys under age.
I'pon orders from the Governor the Grif
fin Rifles are in their armory awaiting
orders from Judge Hammon to proceed
jto the factory. The Mayor has been re
liably informed that if the militia goes
; to the factory there will be trouble in the
city to-night. He has ordered all the po
lite- on duty throughout the night.
TO DEVELOP COOKS
INLET COAL FIELDS
SEATTLE, May 24.— Tho Standard Oil
Company, having acquired not only the
old Russian title but a later mineral land
grant from tho United States Government
to the coal lands at Cooks Inlet, Alaska,
is preparing to develop the coal fields,
which are of vast extent. The company
has already deposited $100,000 with local
l>;mks fr.r the use of Alfred Ray, its man
ager here, who has outtltted a corps of
engineers, that will sail on the Orizaba
to-morrow. These engineers will complete
■ surveys already partially made and make
: other surveys for wharves, railroads from
the mines to the shore, etc.
The Cooks Inlet coal mines, as they are
commonly known, were first worked by
the Russians years ago and later by a
[ San Francisco company, but questions of
title and the vast amount of money re
quired to develop the mines hindered the
! work until the Standard Oil Company se
i cured control.
Gunning Gets the Salary.
MARYSVILLE. May 24.-In the case of
S. O. Gunning. Auditor, vs. G. W. Pine,
Treasurer, Judge Ellison of Red Bluff to
day handed down a judgment in favor
of Gunning. The court holds that as
Gunning has been in possession of the of
fice of Auditor and Recorder, and has
discharged the duties thereof ever since
the certificate "f election was issued to
him by the Hoard of Supervisors, he is
despite the fact that P. H. Day, his op
ponent at the November election, has in
stituted a contest for the office, entitled
to the monthly salary attached to the of
fice. The Judge directs that a peremp
tory writ of mandate be issued instruct
ing Treasurer Pine to pay the Auditor's
salary so long as he Is In possession of
the office.
Fruit Growers' Plans.
SACRAMENTO, May 24.— The executive
committee of the California Fruit Grow
ers' Association was in session to-night.
It is formulating plans to carry out the
idea of the convention as expressed in
oucn session.
ASSASSIN HID
IN HIS CABIN
Arizona Section Fore
man Murdered.
STRUCK DOWN BY A MEXICAN
ATTACKED FROM BEHIND IN
HIS OWN HOME.
Citizens of Ashford May Lynch the
Cowardly Slayer of Francis F.
Harris if He Is
Captured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASHFORK, Ariz., May 24.— Francis F.
Harris, a section foreman in the employ
of the Santa Fe Pacific Railroad, was
murdered last night in his cabin, near
the depot, where he lived alone. He was
found this morning lying in a corner of
the cabin, covered with blood from head
to foot and grasping in one hand hair
torn from his own head. Blood was
spattered over the walls and floor.
The crime was committed at about 0
o'clock last night. Harris evidently had
just come into the cabin, hung up his
i coat, lighted the lamp and was preparing
! his evening meal when attacked from be
hind and felled with a powerful blow
: from a blunt instrument, probably a
j coupling pin. Within four feet of him
! lay his revolver and belt, which he had
just unbuckled. The first blow from his
assailant probably rendered him uncon
] scious. The top and back of his head
| had been beaten into a pulp.
The crime evidently was committed out
of revenge by a Mexican whom Harris
recently discharged and who had since
I been making- threats against him. Rob
bery also had been committed, a watch
and considerable money being missing.
The murderer burned his own blood-be
spattered clothing within a few yards of
j where his victim lay.
The Mexican disappeared at an early
hour this morning. He was seen at Wins
low attempting to dispose of a watch to
a newsboy on a train. Officers are in
hot pursuit and it 1? likely he will be in
custody before morning.
: Harris was 48 years old and unmarried.
He came from Champaign, Illinois, where
I a brother and other relatives live. He
had been in the employ of the railroad
for some years and had many friends.
The murder has caused great excite
ment and there is talk of a lynching.
CHANGE OF VENUE SOUGHT.
Move in the Case of Yolo County
Against Controller Colgan.
WOODLAND. May 24.— Attorney Gen
eral Tirey L,. Ford has tiled in the Supe
rior Court a motion for a change of venue
in the case of the County of Yolo vs. E.
P. Colgan, Controller of the State of Cali
fornia, in which the plaintiff seeks to re
cover a. large sum of money alleged to be
due from the State for fees for collecting
taxes for several years past. The motion
is based upon an affidavit tiled by the At
torney General to the effect that Yolo
County is not the proper place and that
the case should be transferred to Sacra
mento County because the defendant is
.i resident of that county and not a resi
dent of Yolo County.
The defendant also demurs to the com
plaint on the grounds that the Treasurer
.if Volo County is the proper person to
bring the a*>ti._u*.
The writ of mandate Is returnable be
fore Judge Gaddis on Saturday, May 27,
at which time the motion and demurrer
will be heard.
STRANGLES HIMSELF
WITH A SMALL CORD
Suicide of a Young Man Registering
as "A. D. Hirschberg of San
Francisco."
LOS ANGELES, May 24.— A young man
who registered at the Arcade Depot Ho
tel as A. D. Hirschberg of San Francisco
on Tuesday last committed suicide this
afternoon. He was seen entering his room
at 1 o'clock and at S o'clock was found
hanging from the bedpost with a small
i/ord about his neck. He had strangled.
The young man had no baggage, and
there was nothing about him to estsblish
identity, except a pass book in which the
names of relatives in East Boston appear.
He had no money. He was about 25 years
of age and of light complexion. Nothing
has been found to indicate the cause of
his act. He was well dressed and ap
peared cheerful during the time he was
about the hotel.
For Cheaper Transportation.
WOODLAND. May 24.— W. S. Scannell,
manager of the Merchants' Dispatch line,
which is running the steamer Queen of
the Yukon between San Francisco and
Colusa, doing a general freight and pas
senger business, is here. The purpose of
Mr. Seannell's visit to this city is to inter
view the merchants in regard to having
their goods shipped by water to Elkhorn
or Knights Landing and then freighted to
Woodland by team. It is understood that
he is meeting with much encouragement.
A RHEUMATISM A
/ RHEUMATISM A
m Pain in Limbs t Pain In Joints Ira
H Pain in Muscles or < Pain in Back 8
■ Swelling of Limbs }[ Swelling of Joints S
H Swelling of Muscles ♦ Sediment in Urine m
1\ Stiffness of Joints Fluttering of Heart /iw
\ HUDYAN CURES. I
® THIS PAINFUL AFFECTION IS DUE TO FOREIGN ELEMENTS (ACIDS) IN ®
T the blood, and can be cured only by counteracting these acids and eliminating +
® , -hem from the system. The Great HUDYAN will do this work. Ht'DYAN strength- fa
■+■ ens and stimulates the kidneys and circulation In order that the poisons may be V
(t) quickly discharged from the : blood. HUDYAN cures rheumatic - people, perfectly and ~*
«}► permanently. . . , ®
<j\ ■ Drummond, Mont. . Friars Point. Miss. -4.
X DEAR DOCTORS: I congratulate you GENTLEMEN: I took the Hudyan accord- fa
Z\ '. upon your splendid' remedy. It cured me Ing to directions, and am pleased to say
V perfectly of • rheumatism, after many oth- that I am now entirely cured. ; It was +
"T ;er remedies failed.', I am now entirely free four months ago that I < took Hudyan, and (•)
® rom pain, ■ and have been ever since I I have not observed any sign of rheuma- 1
+ took Hudyan. I have no more stiffness In tism since. I consider your remedy the "X
r\ ray knees and hips. best on earth. J. H. BARNETT. V
®. v ; JOHN SAXTON. ±
* HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— soc a package or six packages for .$2 50. V
W If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN. send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY (5
"♦"■•- CO., cor. Stockton, ; Ellis and Market streets, San . Francisco, Cal. • i
® YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE (£
■+. OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
, ®>^)><S4®4<s>*<S)^(sH^4-®4K£><S>®^®^s)-f ®^fcS+®*s>+®+®*<2>+®+<a*<2)
NO MORE PLUMS
FOR THE PRESENT
Will Be Quiescent
Gage
for a Time.
THE POLITICIANS MUST WAIT
TREE TO BE NEXT SHAKEN ON
JUNE 1.
Rumor Has It That Varney Gaskill
Will Be Made Secretary of
the Paris World's Fair
Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 24.— Governor
Henry T. Gage to-day said positively he
would not make any more appointments
until after he returned north on June 1.
Few persons had an opportunity to see
him, much less talk with him. He says
I he expects to be "in and out" all this
! week. His itinerary for the visits to State
; institutions is kept secret. He does not
| want to be waylaid by politicians and of
! floe seekers. It Is known the Governor
• will visit the insane asylum at Highlands
| to-morrow, and that he may remain at
the institution over night.
Editor John MeGonigle of the Ventura
Democrat, who is one of the asylum trus
! tees, was closeted with the Governor for
!an hour this morning. He was called to
suggest what sort of a man the Governor
ought to appoint to fill the vacancy ex-
I isting in the board through the resigna
tion of Major Harry W. Patton.
The first meeting of the Paris Exposi
tion Commission will be held in San Fran
cis"co on Monday. Major Ben C. Truman
will leave Los Angeles on Saturday or
! Monday. The commission has been called
i to meet in the office of W. \V. Foote. The
j meeting will organize with the election
! of a chairman, a secretary and possibly
:an assistant secretary. Other attaches
| are now to be appointed at this time.
While the Governor has announced that
he will have nothing to do with the ap
pointment of the secretary of the commis
sion, the "push" Is insisting to-night that
the Governor has been taken into the con
fidence of the Commissioners, and that
there is some understanding between the
Governor and the Commissioners in re
gard to this appointment. As a matter
! of fact, it is proclaimed that Varney Gas
: kill is the man who has been selected,
and that the Oakland politician will soon
I be clothed with the Insignia of office.
It was said to-night that James Camp
bell of Pasadena, a Republican and a
.member of the now famous Americus
Club, stands an excellent chance of be
ing appointed one of the trustees of the
State school at Whlttier.
Judge Shaw this morning visited Gov
ernor Gage and presented the State ex
ecutive the indorsement of Judge J. J.
Campbell of San Bernardino County for
! the temporary appointment to the pro
: bate bench of this county during the 111—
; ness of the incumbent. Judge W. H.
Clark. Governor Gage pocketed the let
ter presented by Judge Shaw, remarking
that he would look into the matter.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Major Wray to Command the District
of North Alaska.
WASHINGTON. May 24.— 8y direction
of the Secretary of War. Major P. Henry
Ray. Eighth United States Infantry, now
awaiting orders in this city, will proceed
to San Francisco and report in person to
Major General Shafter for further orders
relating to the command of the District of
North Alaska.
First Lieutenant George H. Estes.
Twentieth United States Infantry, now on
leave of absence, is detailed for tempor
ary duty on general recruiting service,
and will report in person to the command
ing general, Department of California, for
; assignment to take charge of the recruit
ing station in that city, to relieve Captain
R. H. R, Lough, Twenty-fifth United
States Infantry. Lieutenant Estes will
act as quartermaster while on recruiting
duty. Captain Lough, upon being thus
relieved, will proceed to join his company.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Joseph Hurley. Vet
erans' Home. Napa. $«; John Lindsay, San
Jose. $8; Charles T. Blackfan. Anaheim.
$6: Adam G. Miller, Los Angeles, $U: Reu
ben R. Porter, Chicago Park, $K». Original
widow, etc.— Adella A. Beardsley, Ala
meda, $8.
Washington: Original— Nathan S. Ar
nold, Aberdeen, $10.
DEGREES CONFERRED.
Stanford University Graduates Re
ceive Their Sheepssins.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 24.-
The new assembly hall was well filled to
day by the friends of the graduating class
who came to see the conferring of de
grees. It was the eighth annual com
mencement. The exercises began with
Tennyson's song, "Sweet and Low." by a
large and well trained chorus. The in
vocation was then offered by Rev. Burt
Estes Howard. Professor Fernando San
ford delivered the commencement ad
dress. His subject was "The Scientific
Method and Its Limitations." After the
conferring of degrees President Jordan
addressed the graduating class, his theme
being "The Voice of the Scholar."
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
FREE TO SUFFERERS.
The New Cure for Kidney, Bladder
and Uric Acid Troubles.
Almost everybody who reads the
newspapers is sure to know of the won-
derful cures made by Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy.
It is the great medical triumph of the
nineteenth century; discovered after
years of scientific research by Dr. Kil-
mer, the eminent kidney and bladder
specialist, and is wonderfully success-
ful in promptly curing kidney, liver,
bladder and uric acid troubles.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work. In private
practice, among the helpless, too poor
to purchase relief, and has proved so
successful in every case that a special
arrangement has been made by which
all readers of The Call who have not
already tried it may have a sample
bottle sent free by mail, also a book
telling more about Swamp-Root and
how to find out if you have kidney or
bladder trouble. "When writing mention
reading this generous offer in the San
Francisco Call and send your address
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N.
Y. The regular fifty-cent and one-dol-
lar sizes are sold by all first-class drug-
gists. -
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF .
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ated with a germicide. The patient lives in
an atmosphere that positively kills the germ
of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the weak-
ening night sweats and cough. Temperature
falls to normal, and four weeks' treatment in-
variably increases weight from six to twenty
pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "X
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
Im- Not Im- "
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
Ist Stage.. 34 23 5 0 84
2d Stage.. 36 12 ' 22 2 ! 36
3d Stage.. 30 3 12 15 30
1
The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co.. practicing the
Antiseptic Germiclal Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. The
Sanatorium Is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The rooms over 100 in
number— are cheerful, sunny and ' wen fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully located, nine
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing-
views of. thp Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods or tttDin«, i, - in . b.. mailed fre«
an application.
Address all inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO., San Gabriel. Cal.
* For the Best SIO Suit:
to order you must go to /
JOE POHEIM.
For $25 you can get a i
fine, well made and well '
trimmed suit at \
JOE POHEIM'S. !
Will cost elsewhere $40. ]'
All-wool, stylish-cut i 1
Pants to order from $4 ''
JOE POHEIM'S,
1 201-203 Montgomery St., Cop. Bush \>
) 1110-1112 Market St., S. F. "i
PURE, HEALTHY, /**±
FRAGRANT. mm
The unnatural odor from per- Wjfeg- G^
plratlon and all other Impurities \Jgj^^
are speedily and completely removed and th»
entire body given a pure, healthy, fragrant
tone by the daily use. in toilet and bath, of
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and WOOD-
BURY 1 8 Facial Cream.
Eye Glasses in
Gun Metal
Mountings, and the new : clip that don't slip,
tilt or waver (50 cents).
New Eastman Kodak, fits the pocket and
makes large pictures.
Bausch & Lomb Zelss Stereo Field Glasses.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repairing.
Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANS5 HOT >^»«^
642 Market St. instruments
X IM!>!R cio«ic:.t BuuOinl
000000000000000000
%m* PALACE **?%
%GRAND HaTELS %
o SAN FRANCISCO. Q
■ Connected by a covered passageway. "
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. O
O All Under On* Management. O
0 NOTE THE PRICES : O
0 European Plan. 81. 00 per day and upward O
n American Plan. 93. per day .and upward _
" Correspondence Solicited. ™
0 JOHN C. KIRiIPATRICK, Manager. O
OOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOO
ggSfgjDß. HALL'S REIN VIGORATOR
■fl^nHH Five hundred reward for any
■ ■■» case we cannot cure. This secret
H . H remedy stops all losses In 21
KM BS hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
l?iT>i ffiui tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
&■■■ mm Gleet Fits. Strictures. Lost
B[B_JBnJ Manhood and all wasting effects
tfUT -i '" J23 'of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5: guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also .
for sale at 1073ia Market St., S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
»«^«<ft&!fc^y«>i m Bis « Is » non -]*M«onoaB
f<^^fl^B^^^*»^a reme( ]y or Gonorrhoea,
Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
MSBj in l to a i»y«.^B Whites, unnatural .iis-
Mmj^m Guaranteed JS charges, or any inflamma-
fptjf not to stricture. tit ii. irritation or ulcer**
■^jJPrtTeott contagion. tloD of mucous mem-
ymTHF.EVANSCHEMICH.no. branes Non-astringent.
WAciNGINNATI.O.KBSg Sold by Srnciriils,
*fßWav V 1 i ~23m 0T SPDt ' n Pa * wrapper,
/QBK. " " * L&3hfii *>y eiprtHfi. prepaid, lot
JMijDklMWr. 'O 1 1 -°°< or 3 rum it*, 12.76.
. o^' ■ Circular nut cv »%aes&
'j^bEWEY/STRDWG&CIyg^''
(1 j
>fi3r 330 MARKET ST. Sf.^SS^
34
GROEZINGER
HEARD THEY
WERE INNOCENT
Why He Released Five
Bunko Men.
TRUSTED TO THEIR HONOR
A NEW THING IN THE FREEING
OF PRISONERS.
Their Attorney Told the Learned
Judge His Clients Were on Their
Way to the Butchers'
Picnic.
Justice of the Peace Groezinger, acting
Police Judge In the absence of Judge
Tn adwell, again distinguished himself
yesterday by an instance of the depth of
his legal knowledge and his willingness
to help the crooked and the lawbreaker.
The police had gathered in ten bunko
ers, men of a gang they had beta
chasing for weeks, and the learned jurist
allowed five of them to go on their own
recognizance. They were all charged with
vagrancy, and what recognizance a va
grant has that will pass in a court of law
has always been an open question; but
the question was not too deep a "tie for
the learned Judge. He accepted their
simple promipe to come into court when
: upon, and perhaps he expects them
to come. •
The gang of bunko men which the police
determined to break up has been operat
ing for a long time. The members of the
gang are all smooth men, and they are
well up on the ways of the bunko men and
of the innocent. They are all things to all
men, and their game is anything Irom a
Sold brick to a half interest swindle; they
will do the employment agency act and
will sell houses and lots and country
lands; they operate in an obscure lodging
bouse to-day and by to-morrow they have
moved and there is no trace of their
whereabouts. Altogether they have given
the police a great deal of trouble, and
finally Captain Wittman detailed
Policemen < happelle and Cullinan to
round them up and bring them in. The
two policemen have spent several days
on the trail, and they finally secured
enough evidence to warrant the arrest of
the ten on charges of vagrancy. The idea
was to corral as many as possible, and
when the watch was assembled after the
drill yesterday morning to parade th"
prisoners so the men of the watch would
know them and be able to warn any un
suspecting looking person in whose com
pany they were seen.
The men were arrested and the plan
pave every evidence of being successfully
carried out. The watch was present and
the prisoners were sent for, but the an
swer came back that they had all been
eased. The records show that two were
released by Judge Graham, each on cash
bail of 1100; three more were released by
Judge Groezinger on cash ball of $50 and
live were released by Groezinger on their
own recognizance.
When Wittman heard of the release
of the prisoners he vowed he would make
trouble. He went into Groezinger's court
and from the bar demanded the reason
for the release of the men. Groezinger
explained that their attorney. Arthur
Mack, had told him the men were inno
cenr and that they had b«n «rrcoted
while on tiieii; way 10 the butchers' pic
nic. Then A\ Ittman demanded the rec
ognizance which they had given and it
turned out that the learned Judge had
not even their signature. For a man to
be released on his own recognizance
means that he has given a bond with
himself as surety that he will appear in
court when called upon. But Judge
Groezinger had been told the men were
innocent, and had been told by their own
attorney, too. so he dispensed even with
the formality of securing their signa
tures; he had them released on a simple
order of court.
. "Of course they were going to the
butchers' picnic." said Wittman, when
he emptied the vials of his wrath on the
learned Judge; "and what do you sup
pose they were going to do over at the
butchers 1 picnic? I heard some of them
went over * anyway, and I have reports
that two of them were working on Mar
ket street not two hours after they had
been released. And what recognizance
can a vagrant put up? We don't arrest
decent People and charge them with vag
rancy- .v- The char itself should have
Known they ought to have been held."
One of the men who was released on his
own recognizance had $123 in his pockets
wh eh he was not asked to leave as se
curity for his return. He was one of those
who had the luck to strike the Judge af
ter he had decided to be liberal. Why this
money was not held for bail Is what the
police are asking. Why was it that Groe
zinger asked first only half as much bail
as Judge Graham asked, and after letting
three of the men go for $50 apiece sud
denly come down to a basis of honor
with men who were charged with being
all out of that interesting commodity?
He "didn't know the police wanted
them, and "Mack told him they were
innocent," were the two pleas in extenua
tion, and they were all the Judge could
offer. Nearly as sound a basis as that
which gave to the world that wonderful
decision by the same learned Judge de
claring unconstitutional a valid ordinance.
The prayer of the police is that the good
Lord will take Groezinger back to his own
courtroom and away from the Police
Courts.
The men arrested gave these names:
James Glllespie. J. Evans. John Handy
James Fragky, J. W. Simpson, B. Frank
lin. William Golden, John Hall. John Rey
nolds and B. Golden. The occupations
they gave were as numerous as their
names.
Late last evening tho prison-keeper was
pUasod to see two of his former prisoners
come in again. The officers had captured
I. Golden and Simpson again and had
,-irrested them on bench warrants which
the learned Judge Croc-zinger had hur
riedly issued on ;hr demand of the police
Probably the happiest man in the
■world is the one who has just invested
in his first wedding ring.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■
■ ■ . -
"CINZANO."
Second Used
to FINEST exclusively
none. r I cO I by ;
Pure most
and of the
perfect beet
m ITALIAN *n(ma
every and
respect. leading
Exceptionally hotels,
"»;, vermouth, m
quality. cafes.
' CHARLES MEINECKE & CO.,
- Sole A cents, -
tli Sacramento Street, San Francisco, Cal.
THE FUSE IS
OF FOREIGN
MANUFACTURE
Experts Testify in the
Pinole Case.
FORCING FOUL PLAY THEORY
SPANISH SPY STORY IS BEING
STRENGTHENED.
More Evidence Is xet to Come Which
May Besult in a Decision of the
Suit on This Point
Alone.
More evidence to prove that the destruc
tion of the California Powder Works in
July last was caused by the act of either
a traitor or a Spanish spy was admitted
by Judge Daingerfleld yesterday in the
case of James B. Anders against the cor
poration owning the works. Anders seeks
to recover damages for personal injuries
sustained through the explosion and the
corporation is laboring to prove that the
"fatal accident" was not an accident, but
the result, of extraneous intluences which
the company could not control, the "ex
traneous influences" meaning the act of
a traitor or a Spanish spy who wished 10
deprive the Government of the powder
then under course of manufacture.
As published in yesterday's Call, short
ly after the accident a piece of fuse was
found near the scene of the explosion, the
barbed wire fence was found cut, foot
prints led to the location of the nitro
glycerine house; and these facts, taken
in connection with the appearance of a
stranger of Spanish appearance around
the works, led the managers and authori
ties to believe that foul play caused the
fatal explosion. Yesterday a number of
experts, including Mr. Bermingham, were
put on the stand to prove that the re
moval of debris after the first minor ex
plosion was the proper course to pursue
and also to prove that the material re
maining in the slum tubs, which caused
the disaster, was not explosive under or
dinary conditions and could only be set
off under extraordinary circumstances.
This matter disposed of, experts were
called to prove that the fuse found shortly
after the explosion was not manufactured
in California. This could be determined
by the amount and quality of cloth used
in the manufacture of the fuse, the size
of the bore and manner of manufacture.
Samuel J. Eva was first called and after
an examination of the fuse said that in
his opoinion the fuse was of foreign man
ufacture. James B. Merritt, another fuse
expert, was called and gave the Bame
opinion, stating that the exhibit must
have been imported or brought here by a
foreigner, as no such article was manu
factured on this coast. Experts from the
Western Fuse and Explosives Company
will testify to the same fact and these
opinions are largely depended upon to
convince the jury that "extraneous In
fluences" indeed caused the terrible catas
trophe.
Mr. Rermingham '=ald yesterday after
noon that some days before the explosion
he was informed that the stranger ac
-1 used of having applied the match to the
wi-rks was loitering in the vicinity. He
wt.nt out around the grounds, located him
and advised him to leave the place if he
wanted to keep out of trouble. The
stranger caught the next train and ieft
the works, but the day before the explu
sion he again appeared. The explosion
occurred and he has not since been seen,
notwithstanding that a number of oiu
cers have been searching for him since
that date. Mr. Bermingham says that ap
plication was made to the Government for
a guard for the plant, but as the grounds
are large and the number of men neces
sary to properly protect them was pnat
the Government was slow to consider the
matter and the destruction of the plant
and loss of life were the consequences of
the delay. Before the trial is concluded
more evidence will be produced tendlncr
to establish the contention that the works
were blown up by a stranger, and if such
is proved then the suit of Anders must
necessarily fall.
MANY CHANGES
MADE IN THE
CUSTOM-HOUSE
Smith and Linck Were
Blessings.
The Secretary of the Treasury has
granted all the requests made by Special
Agents Smith and Linck, who recently
overhauled affairs in the Custom-house
and made themselves thoroughly ac
quainted with all its needs. The Secre
tary's desires in the matter were commu
nicated to Port Collector Jackson In a
letter yesterday by which the following
changes are made:
Customs Inspector C. T. Cook to b"<?
made a clerk for the Surveyor at a Bul
; ary of $1500 per annum. The following
1 clerks' salaries have been increased: C
: L. Brown, $1600 to $1800; C. L. Marple, $14»x>
to $1600; Francis V. Leach. $1200 to $1400;
Thomas J. Harry, $1200 to $14*; A. L. Ri
-1 ley. $840 to $1000. Tho positions of C. J.
■■ Hundley, formerly <n the Appraisers
1 Ftore, and J. P. Riley, opener and pa< -k> i ,
j are discontinued. A. C. Buckbee, opener
I and packer, is made elevator conductor
at the same salary, $X4<); one clej-k in the
i liquidating department, to bo designated
I by the Collector, is to be discontinued.
The Custom-house must hereafter re
! main open from 9 a. m. until 4 p. m., in
, Ftead of from ft to 3, as heretofore. All
prnoklng by employes of tobacco in any
form, as well as the smoking- of cigar
ettes and Manila rlg.irs. must be discon
tinued In the Custom-boose and Apprais
er's building. Storekeeper M. Ldpowitz
is to remain permanently in charge of ihe
bonded manufacturing warehouse and not
changed yearly, as h.is been the custom.
One Inspetftress In .he Immigration Hu
reau is to be dismissed. Assistant Weigh
ers Julius E. Pomeroy and Raymond H.
WUcox, now keeping books, are ordered
to duty as assistant weighers and the Col
lector is empowered to appoint two clerks
nt $1200 per annum; also a chemist at $1000
per annum. The Collector is also author
ized and requested to appoint fifteen ad
ditional Customs Inspectors for service
under Surveyor Spear in pursuance of
j the Surveyor's request heretofore made
i to the Secretary of tlie Treasury that the
growth of the commerce of San Francisco
! required that additional number of men.
This is the first report of any special
agent that did not recommend a decrease
of salaries.
Triumphs of Modern Engineering.
TheophilUß Tucker lectured before the
Socialist Labor party last night at Turk
street Temple on the "Triumphs of Mod
ern Engineering."
"Modern engineering," he said, "is do
ing wonders for the world never dreamed
of in the story of the 'Arabian Nights.'
It is the province of engineering science
to embellish the environment of the hu
man race. It takes in hand the cultiva
tion of the entire surface of the earth,
and modern engineers were thjj real re
, deemere of the human race."
THE SAN FBAINCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 25, 1899.
FAIR'S "WIDOW"
IS BARRED BY
JUDGE TRDUTT
Cannot Intervene in
the Son's Contest.
MATTER WILL BE APPEALED
SUPREME COUIIT MUST DECIDE
THE VARIOUS POINTS.
Mrs. Craven Is Shut Out by the
Statute of Limitations, but Other
Grounds Remain for
Contest.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven, posing as the
widow of the late James G. Fair, has met
another defeat. Yesterday morning
Judge Troutt handed down a decision in
which he denied Mrs. Craven the right
to intervene in the contest of Charles L.
Fair to the will of his deceased father.
This is a serious matter with Mrs.
Craven, as it cuts her off from following
one of her strongest leads toward the
glittering millions of the deceased cap
italist's estate. Still she has other
grounds upon which she can fight for a
Bhare of the estate, and doubtless these
grounds will now be brought forward and
the battle fought to the bitter end. The
decision handed down by Judge Trouit
denying Mrs. Craven the right to inter
vene in the contest in full is as follows:
In the above-entitled estate an application
has been made to the court by Nettle 11.
Craven-Fair, as the surviving wife of James
G. Fair, deceased, for leave to file a petition in
Intervention. The object of the proposed In
tervention is to contest the decedent's will,
which was admitted to probate on the 16th
day of November, 1!>96.
No person, within one year after probate of
said will, contested the same, except Charles
L. Fair, a son of decedent. He filed his peti
tion on the lith day of November, 1*97, and
1 11 ti Sted FaM will and prayed fur revocation
of probate on certain grounds.
In the month of April, 1899, the eald Nettie
R. 1 "raven-Fair applied to the court, as afore
said, for leave to file a petition in interven
tion for the i>uri"'H.- of contesting said will
nnd obtaining a revocation of probate on the
same grounds as those specified in said Charles
1.. Fair's petition. Whereupon, by ,mW of
court, notice was served upon the respective
attorneys for the executors of said will and for
the children of decedent requiring them, at a
certain time, to show oausu. if any they had.
why said petition in intervention should not
be filed.
The applicant first claims that Fertinn 357
of the Code of Civil Procedure, concerning the
rierht of intervention, is made applicable to
will contests by virtue of section 1713 of said
rode. The latter section reads as follows:
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Rupture Book Free.
Home Method That Restores No
Matter How Bad the Case.
Welcome Advice From a Well
Known New York Specialist. '
A prominent specialist in the cure of rupture
has written a book on the subject and tels how
any sufferer can cure himself at home at sllfrht
expense. And the best of If is that he has pub-
MR. F. L. WILLEY.
llshed this book for free distribution. . . Printing
is, nowadays, such a rapid" art that it doesn't
cost a great deal to get out a neat book and
give it away. The book is written by Dr. \V.
S. Rice, 418 W. Main St., Adams, N. V., and by
merely sending your name and address he will
mail you a copy free of all cost. The portrait
above is that of Mr. F. L. "Willey, Shelton, !
Wash., who was cured of rupture by Dr. Rice
Mr. Willey says: "I sent to Dr. Rice for one
of his books on rupture and found it very valu-
able. The Information therein was the first
real knowledge I had ever received that could
convince me that rupture was a curable mal-
ady. I used his home treatment and am glad
to say that my rupture was perfectly cured
and that I haven't had any return or noticed
any difference between the healed place and
any other solid part of me. I was cured sound
and well." .
Readers are requested to write at once for
this 'free book. No matter if you are wearing
some kind of a truss that affords some relief,
send at once and learn all about the new home
cure which Dr. Rice has clearly explained and
fully Illustrated. Write to-day, and if you
know others who are ruptured ask them , to
write. It contains advice that may save your
life.
Health is Wealth.
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL, ALL OTHERS | IMITATIONS,
la sold under positive Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizziness, Wakefulne33, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
xiesa, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
dence, Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive Uso of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
box; six for $5; with written suarantee'to
core or refund money. Sample pack*
ace, containing five daye treatment, with fall
instructions, 25 cents. Ono sample only sold to l
each person. At store or by mail. _
Red Label Special >Bje§3@
L ! *mm Extra Strength. jfjjk^L A
v JS2T r " r Impotoncy, Loss of.W?r*4r W
X*YTST Power, Lost Manhood, *il JSskt
ir^-UffL Htorility or Barrenness.!, ■ |\ *&*T
tH^V&hSI a box; cix for $5, wUhjj-JrvW'
a&LfffPwrltten KuaranteejEfSs^ftV,
WKT/lli. to cure in 30 days. At BtoreV|[i™^f\ t
BBP-OREovbymail. AFTER
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agts.,
114 Kearny Bt., San Francisco.
"Kxeept as otherwise provided in this title,
the provisions of part II of this code are ap
plicable to and constitute the rules of practice
in the proceedings mentioned in this title."
Title XI of nart 111 is the one in which said
section 1713 is found, and it is entitled "Of
proceedings in Probate Courts." Said section
357 is included in part II and provides that
"any person may, before the trial, intervene
in an action or proceeding who has an inter
est in the matter in litigation, in the success
of either of the parties or an interest against
both. An intervention takes place when a
third person is permitted to become a party
to an action or pmrpedlng between other per
sons, either by joining Hip plaintiff In claim
ing what is sought by the complaint or hy
uniting with the defendant in resisting the
claims of the plaintiff, or by demanding any
thing adversely to both the plaintiff and the
defendant, and is made by complaint setting
f'rth the grounds upon which the intervention
rests, filed by leave of the court and served
upon the parties to the action or proceeding
who have not appeared, and upon the attorneys
of the parties who have appeared, who may
answer or demur to it as if it were an original
complaint."
Notwithstanding the very ingenious argu
ment of applicant's counsel, it is quite clear
to my mind that the aforesaid section 387 of
the fode of Procedure does not apply to
a probate proceeding wherein a will is con
tested either before or after its probate, for
the simple reason that it is virtually other
wise provided by sections 1312 and 1327 of said
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed ; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and,
> Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with
I complete Livery Stable, Oentla Saddle Horses
and Ponies.
l OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINO3.
Physician In attendance; superb climate;
| beautiful mountain scenery: trout, deer and
i email game plentiful; magnificent drives;
j boths In variety: lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route Into Lak«
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. $8: via Callstoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per week.
Take 8. F. A N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
B. P. R. R. to Callstoga. For illustrated pam-
phlet or further Information address J. CRAItt.
Highland Springs. Lake County. CaL. or see
L. D CRAIO. Sl« Montgomery «t.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster rts., Oakland.
AHRENS. PEIN A BtTLLWTNKEU
6*o Post st.. San Francisco.
LOOK AT
LICK
Observatory — one of the greatest
wonders of California. Largest tele-
i scope in. the world, except one.
Hole! Vendome is headquarters
for those who visit the observatory.
The Vendome has been rebuilt —
new and clean.
GEORGE P. BNELIj, San Jose,
Manager. Cal.
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
Sonoma County: only 4H hours from San
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State: swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; rooming and afternoon
stages: round trip from San Francisco only
$5 50. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:SO a. m. or 1:30
p m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly Increasing— last year un-
precedented. J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS, ON SAN LOR-
enzo River, Zhb hours from S. .F. ; 40 min-
utes from Santa Cruz; grounds and river lit
by electricity; tennis, bowling, boating, bath-
ing fishing and golf links; elegant hall and
dining room; club, billiard and smoking rooms;
new hard-finished and elegantly furnished: tel-
ephone. Round trip, $3. Address W. E. V EA-
ZIE, Lessee, South Ben Lomond.
TIIYIPRTNGSr
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH, MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electrlo waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
; bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Arcommodatlons and table
first-class. J. A. RBDEMETER & CO.. Props.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Opening of new hotel: all modern lmprove-
i mentp; running water and gas In every room.
: A most picturesque spot and charming climate.
1 Mineral springs without their equal in Ameri-
! ca. Easy staging, telephone and dally mail.
1 Rates $10 to $14 per week. Special reduced
rates for small cottages. Write J. MARTENS,
Prop., or F. A. BUSSE. 416 Pine st.. city.
Yosemite Camping Excursions.
Every day. First party leavr-s MONDAY, May
i 29 For information Inquire at the Traveler
office, 20 Montgomery Bt.. or the Valley Road
office, 321 Market St., San Francisco.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State: the water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine Ashing and hunting; stage dally
from Calistoga direct to springs; round trip at
Bouthern Pacific offices. $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
j THER. Adam Spring.
MP< )<-)KSIO! : .
The beautiful new resort at the head of
Napa Valley is now open. First-class ac-
I commodatlone. hot and cold water, gas, baths.
j mineral springs. For health, scenery climate
I and beautiful driven It Is unsurpassed. Write
for pamphlet. LORRIN BOOTH, Prop., Cal-
lstoga, Cal.
HOITT'S,
MENLO PARK, SAN MATEO CO. ONE
hour from San Francisco. Ten dally trains
each way. Open to guests during June and
I July. Address IRA G. HOITT.
HOTEL BBNVENUB
And cottages, Lakeport, Cal.— Large grounds;
new dancing pavilion, 80x40; fronts lake 200 ft ;
fine bowling alley and shuffleboard; ewimminf,
| boating, elegant yacht free; children's play-
! ground; rood table; no Chinese help. F. &
A. M. SCALES. Proprietors.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Resorts tor FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially Invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
: On N. P. C. R. R., the place to go for mm-
'■ mer; board or camp cottages: Sunday excur-
■lonu, $1. For circulars address H. ti. MAR-
-1?IN, Camp Taylor, Cal. j
code. By the two sections last cited any in- i
terested person who may desire to contest a !
will, either before or after probate, is lirected i
how to proceed, and is limited to one year I
after probate within whlrh to contest the Fame j
and to obtain a revocation of the probate ]
thereof. Kvidently. if the applicant were per
mitted to become a contestant of the will af
ter the lapse of a year from the probate there- |
of, under the Kulse of an intervenor, then the ;
aforesaid limitation of the statute respecting :
the time within which a person may contest j
a will after its probate, would be nullified, and
the statute In effect, would be indirectly re- '
pealed.
Petitioner further contends that section 1333 !
of the aforesaid code, when properly construed
in conjunction with the aforesaid section \3XI,
gives the right to any interested person (.with
out resort to intervention) to contest a will,
even after a year from its probate, provided
any other person has, within the year, taken :
the necessary steps to contest the will.
The aforesaid section 1333 declares that "if !
no person within one year after the probate
of a will, contest the same or the validity i
thereof, the probate of the will is conclusive;
savins to infants and persons of unsound mind,
a like period of one year after their respective i
disabilities are removed."
This contention of petitioner means, of
course, that the person who is thus permitted
to conest a will after a year from its pro
bate, may rely upon any of the statutory
grounds of opposition to the will, whether ;
ursed by the original contestant or not. Our j
I 1
- Livery stable near by iM
the Paso Robles Springs — / j
go out for long or short i[ j
drives down the river — ]
up the mountain — across i]
the valley. )
Winding drives:;
of Paso Robles. i;
■-;;•,,■» r|
' . I
i Visit the old San Miguel \
| Missions, 7 miles away ; :i
1 Santa Ysabel Springs and i|
! mineral lake — over a hard ;
j road from the hotel. i]
Otto E. Never, Prop. City Office, i.
i Paso Robles, Cal. " 636 Market st. <
THE TAVERN OF
CASTLE CRAG,
Shasta County, Cal.,
WILL OPEN FOR THE SEASON
JUNEI3 --^ --" 1899,
RATES FOR ROOMS AND BOARD:
PER DAY. .....9 2.50 to $ 4.00
PER WEEK............ $14.00 to 922.75
PER MONTH f50.00 to *!)U.OU
GEORGE SCHONEWALD, Manager,
; ROOM 9, Union Trust Building. S. F.
■%■■%■ If\ g\ HOT SPRINGS. — This
UfllJfllvll beautiful summer and
iHilHlllll winter resort. now
I ■ Illlll^pTW owned and managed by
DR. J. I'EHRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, ■will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, is situated
' 150 miles south of San Francisco, In the Coast
.Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate is soft and balmy and free from
fogs.' Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds;
j comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; good
| hunting- and fishing; grand scenery; lovely
I walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or Invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Townsend St. depot. 9 a, m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
I stage to Paraiso.) Round trip. $8. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
raiso Springs, or city office. 336 Sutter St., S. F. "
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs), Prop, and Manager.
The hotel and cottages have been thoroughly
. renovated — new furniture, beds, carpets, etc.
i The Table the best the market affords. The
i Baths refitted and improved— competent at-
i tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
' beautified. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
leave Third and Townsend sts., S. P., at 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gllroy for
the Springs. .
For illustrated pamphlets and special rates
1 by months and for families address R. ROB-
! ERTSON. Gllroy Hot Springs, Cal.
1 BYRON HOT SPRINGS,
Most Popular Resort- on the Pacific
Coast. Take S. P. Ferryboat, foot of
Market St.. 9 a. m. or 5 p. m. Only 3
houra' ride. ■ No staging. Carriage
meets you at the train. Fine Hotel.
Hot Mineral Baths cure Rheumatism.
Address A. BETTENS, Manager,
Byron Hot Springs. Cal.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT, VARIETY
of mineral springs, Soda, Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath: swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class; table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. Stage
meets morning trains -nd Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN. Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office, 912 Larkin Bt.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY ;• now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
HOWELL MOUNTAIN,
-A' lovely home one mile from Angwln's Hotel;
about 115 acres; 8 acres hay land; 7 acres full
bearing vineyard: fine spring, also well supplied
by a spring: house, barn and outbuildings;
adapted for summer resort. Apply to MRS. H.
T. WAGELAND, St. Helena, Napa Co., Cal.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. ■' Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco.- Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY, Proprietor. '-...'■'• ,
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE •" CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, • th one of the best
tables in the county, $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip, $9 60. S. F. and N. P. to Uklah: thence by
etage. Address J. WILSON. Bertha, Lake
County. Cal. ,
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths; ' furnished cottages.
Terms. $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
I for circular. O. HOWELL. Hopland. Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs fresh fruit. ' Terms,
$7. fe. M. SHELFOKD. Cloverdale, Cal.
Free carriage. , J
Supreme Court, however, has determined that
the grounds of contest cannot he amended af
ter the lapse of the year limited for the in
stitution of a contest, so as to add a new
ground of contest. (In re Wilson. 117 Cal.,
262.) Hence this contention cannot be main
tained.
The said section 1333 apparently means that
if any person within one year after the pro
bate of a will, contests the same, then the
probate thereof is not conclusive until such
contest fails. It certainly does not confer a
right on any other perso nto begin a contest
of the will after a year from the probate
thereof.
It is, therefore, my opinion that the ap
plicant is not entitled to file a petition in in
tervention and that she is too late to be per
mitted to contest the validity of the aforesaid
will or the probate thereof.
The petitioner's aforesaid application is ac
cordingly denied.
Notwithstanding the opinion of the
court it is said that an appeal will be
taken and the right of the petitioner to
intervene finally determined. If the Su
preme Court holds that Judge Troutfs
decision should he sustained then the ap
plication of Mrs. Craven for a family al
lowance from decedent's estate will be
prosecuted to a final decision. Mrs.
Craven has met several adverse decisions,
but she has not yet lost hope, and a mer
ry round of litigation must be met by the
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND,
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate. Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles, Cal., or call on G. W. THOMP-
SON, Agent, 621 Market St., San Francisco.
-♦-o-*-o-*^ - - C■*■O-^O-*■O■^■O■^O■*■O■*-O■•■
O O
$ Take advantage ;
°. Of the Round-Trip ?
O Tickets to • O
♦ ' : ' ' •■■■■' ♦
5 Hotel del Coronado. ♦
♦ ♦
° Now only $60 by steamer, in- °
o eluding 15 days' board at hotel; ■
0 if longer, $2.50 a day. j
♦ Apply 4 New Montgomery st., ♦
1 San Francisco. ♦
o ' o
-*-O-*-O-*-O-*- O ♦-O^O -♦- O ♦(>-♦■ -♦-O-*-
The Place for /\"D/^TJ A DIV" th « TOOT-
REST and ORCHARD™^ *.
HEALTH SPRINGS .™K!i.
Plain. Quiet Retreat; Finest Scenery, Water.
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate In California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet
. Addrei t Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Oal.
Get out of
the wind — get to
/Etna Springs.
2 trains daily— 7:3o a. m., 4 p. m. Round trip
$7, includes private carriage to Springs. W. L.
MITCHELL, Aetna Springs, Napa Co., Cal.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CB.VZ, CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT, LO-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
dress J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS, Chief Clerk.
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
• . LAKE COUNTY.
The Best In the V/l/orld.
HOTEL, COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
round. Sulphur, Iron. Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of • baths. WONDERFUL CURES
of Rheumatism, Catarrh, Dyspepsia, Paraly-
sis, Skin Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone
Terms, $10 to $18 per week. Daily stage from
Callstoga. i . J. A. HAYS. Prop.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming:
long distance telephone: campers' return tick-
ets. $2 60; hotel open the year round. Send for
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Cal.
BOCA HOTFI . he grandest resort in the
UUV.I lI V ILL- Sierra Nevadas for the
hunter and fisherman; pleasant sunny rooms,
good boating on lake; boats free to guests'
prices reasonable. $3 to $10 per week; special
rates for families. The celebrated Truckee
River trout are unequaled in California. W J
McDonald. Manager. . >
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs, Glen Ellen
Sonoma County; also 20 completely furnished
5-room cottages; good boating, fishing and
hunting; finest summer resort and mineral
water for all diseases in America: camping
ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr.
C. C. O'Donnell. 1021H Market st., bet. Sixth
and Seventh, San Francisco.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswick. Slsklyou County. Cal.) . .
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors. *__
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
. Superior accommodations and lowest rates
via the "Valley Road" route. , For full par-
ticulars address JOHN MOSS, Traffic Dept.,
321 Market st., San Francisco. .
MENDENHHLL MINERAL SPRINGS.
' Open under new management, on cottage
plan; MOO feet above sea; average heat, 7a
degrees Stage connects with trains at Liver-
more at 2:15 p. m. Entire fare from San Fran-
cisco. $2 50. For particulars address DR.
FRANK PITT. Proprietor, Llvermore, Cal.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
Beautiful eecnery and drives; unexcelled
hunting; best trout fishing In California: excel-
lent table. 17 50 per week: fine rigs for accom-
modation of guests; dally malls. Get full par-
ticulars from A. H. YORDI, 809 Call build-
ing, San Francisco.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via Tlb-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas. electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address Aqua Cail-
ente Springs, -. Aqua Callente, Sonoma Co.. Cal.
WDITK W H MILLER, Uklah Stables, for
Will IE: economical and best way and ac-
commodations to Springs in Lake and Mendo-
clno counties. Stage for Blue, Lakes. Laurel
Dell, Saratoga Springs, Witter Springs and
i Upper Lake. . ,
Fair heirs and decisions obtained thereon
before the end can be announced.
PROBABLY A MURDER.
Kemains of an Unknown Female In-
fant, Entirely Nude, Found
Floating in the Bay.
The nude body of an unknown female
infant was found floating in the bay y. s
terday near the gas works at North
Point. The remains were very much de
composed, and when examined at the
Morgue it was asc< rtalned that the child
was about a week old at the time of its
death. The body had been in the v
so long that all evidences of murder had
been removed (assuming that a murder
had been committed). If the child had
died a natural death and its parents wi r<
too poor to provide for ita burial they
would have notified the Coroner and had
the remains interred by the city under
taker. Or if the parents wished to con
ceal -their Identity they would hu\ ■
posited tht.- body on some vacant lot
where it would lie f"iind.
The fact that the body was thrown into
the water leads very directly to the sus
picion that the infant was murdered.
FREE CAMPING
Ideal camping spots all along the main
line, Sonoma and Guerneville branches, of
the California Northwestern Railway
(lessee San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. . While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of their easy access to San
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Park and four miles along
Sonoma Creek, beautifully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
vey, at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guerneville
branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted
by Mark West Creek, which is now
dammed, affording fine bathing, boating
for two miles, and good fishing. Man. in.
charge. Row boats at reasonable rental.
Guerneville, In the midst of the redwood
country, and on the Russian River, ;is
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
ville branch. The people of the town and
vicinity, under the name of the Business
Men's Association, of Guerneville, offer
free camping sites throughout the whole
section. The Russian River will "De
dammed, affording a magnificent sheet of
water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
Connell, proprietor of the livery stable at
Guerneville, representing the association,
will meet all trains, and without charge
■will show prospective campers the various
locations.
To and from all these points double
daily train service.
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
■ Tickets for camping parties are to be
procured at Ticket Office, 650 Market st.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market St.. Chronicle building,
or at General Office, Mutual Life building,
i Sansome and California streets.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thl* delightful watering place Is located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine atone dining room telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
ticket* at Southern Pacific offices, $10. '
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations in Hotel; also In new cottages. Just
completed.
MRS. M. T. MOORE,
BELVEDERE.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment; none better
In Lake Co.: gas indoors and out. ■ ■ :'•
. . H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. AND i
p. m. ■ stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
Montgomery Sulphur Springs.
Natural hot mineral baths. . Good country
board. Rates $6 and $7 per week. MRS. J.
MONTGOMERY, Callstoga, Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero. on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand redwood scenery. . Address J.
LUTTRINGER, Seaview. Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front st., S. F., for par-
ticulars. _____^__^_^____
C IDI CD Most beautiful spot In Lako
VAKLODAU County. The mineral springs are
famous for marvelous cures when all eisa
failed especially In stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
MO rer week.' Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W." R. McGOVERN. Carls-
bad. Lake County. ■■■-._■ .
TOCALOMA.'. M SL IN 4
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations- reasonable rates; fishing; beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND. or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor, 68 Third st. . San Francisco.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris, Prop.. Napa County, Cal. -Sun
cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation: hot mineral baths. ' These
springs are located In Napa County, 20 miles
east of St. Helena. The water Is bottled at
the springs and contains its own natural gas.
Btage leaves St. Helena. ' • :.-.
GLENWOOD HOTEL.
AMONG THE REDWOODS. SANTA CRUZ
M't'ns: 5 minutes' walk from depot: milk,
poultry, fruit. Iron springs; jras throughout;
telephone and telegraph. Round trip. $2 50;, $S to
$10 per week. Free carriage to and from trains.
Write WILLIAM MARTIN. Glenwood. Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
• FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, • Mount
Veeder. 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. ■ Terms. .$6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERO
RESORT. Oakville. Napa County. Cal.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet, foothill
ranch, located In Blackburn Gulch. 6 miles
from Santa Cruz; delightful summer home in
the redwoods; running water; abundance of
fruit: good table; terms. $5 per week: children
under 10, $3. Address W. CttANDELL, Santa
Cruz. Cal. . T : ' ' : ■
PARK HOUSE and cottages ' at Ben Lomond.
10 miles from Santa Cruz, with unsurpassed
climate, presents the best to be had as a
cummer resort; best drives In the State;
special rates to families; charges very mod-
erate. T. H. PETERSON. Ben Lomond, Cal.
OAK GROVE cottage, Saratoga: newly fur-
: nished; good table: Congress Springs ■ water; A .
team for drives. Address box 6. Saratoga. A
ANY one looking , for nice, quiet, comfortablo "
farm home :. to spend vacation, address F.
QUIEN, Glen Ellen, Sonoma Co., Cal. .".
MANZ ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or *•
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzanlta Villa.THOUSANDS FOLLOW
THE BAPTISTS' BANNER
Woman's Home Mission Society and
Pacific Coast Conference Open
a Week's Anniversary.
Notable Gathering of Leading Religions Workers.
Reports Submitted and Papers Read — Addresses
by Missionaries and Five* Minute Speeches
by Representative Women.
FOR the first time in the history Of ]
the Baptist National Society an
niversary week is being celebrated
west of the Rockies. Distance has |
proved no obstacle to the zealous !
Baptist, and the convention now In |
session here has brought together many j
ardent workers from all parts o the
United States.
The organizations represented are the I
American Baptist Education Society, the
American Baptist Publication Society, the
American Baptist Missionary Union and
the American Baptist Home Mission So
ciety.
The First Baptist Church, where the
convention is being held, is bright with
fragrant blossoms. Lilies and roses vie j
with one another to make the altar beau- j
tifiil and cordons of cool green ferns lend
a finishing touch to the artistic ensem- ,
Mr
To the Women's Baptist Home Mission j
Society was accorded the honor of first j
place on the week's programme and the
mission meeting occupied all the yes
terday morning and afternoon session.
The ladies interested in the boundless
benevok-nce of the mission work have not
allowed the spiritual to completely over
shadow the material. The officers on the
platform, the f-peakers and the large and
interested audience resent made a strik
ing picture in their modish gowns and
swell bonnets. Many, according to East
t-rn custom, chanced at noon the sub
dued morning gown for the more lab
orate dress fashion sanctions for the
afternoon.
At 9 a. m. the day's work began with
a praiso and prayer service led by Mrs.
Ft E. Manning of Illinois. The address
of welcome was made by Mrs. J. Sunder
land. president of the Women's Baptist
Home Mission Society of California. In
the name of the California society and
the great Baptist sisterhood of the coast
she bade the officers and representatives
welcome.
At the conclusion of her address Mrs.
Sunderland presented each of the officers
with a beautiful bouquet of orchids and
ferns. "The fragrance and beauty of
these." said she. "is emblematical of the
fragrance and beauty of your work. But
the flowers will fade, while your work is
immortal."
Mrs. .i. N. Crouse of Chicago, president
of the r..-sociation. then responded on be
half of her sister offW-ers to Mrs. Sun
derland's welcome and read an Interest
ing pap»-r on "The Needs of the Society."
I long other things Mrs. Crouse said:
We need one and all a keener apprecia
in of the times in which we live. Ali
rne?t and thinking minds feel and know
ct the .v hale Anglo-Saxon race has
wakened to a new consciousness of the
j-her meaning of life. All consecrated
iristian workers recognize the hand of
id moving unmistakably In the events of.
We: -1- a nation are being tested in the
•ry furnace of successful enterprise.
While on a visit to Berlin, a few years
:o, a ■ end and I were asked by one of
trmany's most influential women if we
nuld allow her to give us a reception. "1 j
ant the women of Germany to see what
nd of women America sends forth. Your
r.men arc the hope of the rare," said she.
The elevation of the nation must come
through homes. The homes are the founda
-m stones of all civilisation. In so tar as
<t homes of a people are true and pure and
frht In the eyes of God. does that nation
■osper and rise in dimity and worth,
hurrhes and schools ami other organized
stitutlons are indispensable to a nation's
.-osperlty.
Twenty-two years ago we were organ
ised for the purpose of elevating and
Christianizing the homes of God's neg
lected ones, and for twenty-two years we
have held steadfastly to our rurr<ose. slow
ly but steadily paining ground, and almost
as slowly ami Just as steadily improving
our methods.
Instead of a handful of honie-making
missionaries, scattered here and there on
our almost churchless plains and plateaus,
hundreds of surh are needed. What is It
the tired, overworked woman on the Ne
braska and Dakota farms, the Montana and
Colorado ranches, the New Mexico and Ari
zona plains nped most?
They need to learn that they, with the
help of God, can transform the rude wooden
hut or low adobe house into a paradise of
love and sympathy.- More than that, they
can become the choice garden spots where
souls are nurtured for Christ and this
cause. ■:,..:.
The home pioneer women of our great
West need to remember that their husbands
and children must not have only outer sun
shine, hut inner sunshine. If this spiritual
side of home life can be emphasized and
made a real part of these women's lives.
sad faces and tired eyes will vanish and
the much lamented drudgery will become
great, glorious work for God and human
itj".
The swinging open of the door of the
twentieth century swings open another
door— Cuba and Porto Rico are ours now;
ours to succor, to help and to upbuild. A
score or more of trained, intelligent, conse
crated, home-making missionaries ought to
be sent to these beautiful lands with the
coming year— our gladness offering to the
great new century. Cubans of all classes j
understand that we have: come to Cuba to
help them and they welcome us. And yet
we must not turn our backs upon poor,
benighted. priest-ridden M«xiro. She is
holding out her hand« pleadingly to us.
Time forbids that I si, Alld -!'■!' to dwell ]
upon the hope and encouragement and en
lightenment which will come to this sorely
oppressed 'ountry when Mexican women
awake to the glad tidings {hat they are the
handmaidens of the Lord.
In conclusion, Mrs. ('rouse said:
"J,et not the picture I have drawn of
the pressing need of enlarging our work
dismay or dishearten you. All things are
possible to him who believes and works.
Let us consider it rather as a great new
opportunity for us to show ourselves to
be In very truth the Daughters of the
King. Let us press forward unflinchingly,
unfaltering, knowing the great irresisti
ble power of God himsf If is with us. "
Miss Mary G. Burdette, corresponding
secretary of the society, followed with a
paper on the spread of the Gospel and the
promotion of missionary work. She read
the following extracts from the annual
report:
The total cash receipts for the year were
*•'■"■ ;- 95; this, with »:m •■■ cash In the
treasury at the beginning of the year and
12000 since borrowed, makes a total of' $68 -
639 39 Which hag passed through the treas
urer's hands. The disbursements were
$C 6.460 69, and the books closed with $173 70
cash on hand.
Of $4385 44 in the treasury at the be
ginning of the year, the $3700 mentioned
in the treasurer s report last year as lia
bilities, was borrowed money, which ow
ing to continued stringency, your hoard
was compelled to carry into the year
This, with the $2000 subsequently borrowed'
and an unpaid bill of $1672 88 for printing'
makes a total of . $7372 88. Deducting th«
$173 70 cash on hand, leaves an apparent
deficit of 17145 88. But as $2500 of the I
amount reported as borrowed money has
been given to the society to he used at
discretion, it can be applied on the deficit
thus reducing it' to $416.) 46. ' -
Thin deficit, while It Is to be regretted
•will be the moR- cheerfully raised when
It If seen to have been Incurred in an
enlargement of the work which your board
believed to "be the voice of God, and 'the
voice, of the society as expressed through i
It* representatives at the annual meeting '
held in Rochester in May. 1858. In the
adoption of the recommendation of the com
mittee on finance, that "not less than
$70,000 be raised for the work of the year."
It will he seen that the expenditures have
been less than this amount by $3."34 31., Had
th« ; aim been reached there would have
I been a snug balance in the treasury.
i .In response to a continued ? call for spe
! cifics for young women and children. It was
decided, with the approval of tne society
as represented at the annual meeting held
In Rochester last May. to assign to the
young women and older girls the raising
of $3000 for the purchase of property in
Dallas. Texas, to be used as a home for
the Missionary Training School, arfilllated
with Bishop College, located at Marshall.
To encourage the young women and help
the enterprise.; the first (1000 was given
by an elect lady In New Jersey. l;p to
the close of the year the additional gift#
of the young women amounted to but
JSSS 20.
The children were asked to support the
kindergarten in the City of Mexico. The
expense Incurred in the inauguration and
maintenance of the school from November
4. 1898, to the close of the fiscal year was
$292 15. The amount received from the boys
and girls. $243 51.
The total number of auxiliaries report
ing for the year is 2361 and of these 213
are women's circles and young ladies' so
cietles and 222 children's bands. One him
dred and forty-four missionaries hav-i
labored under the auspices of the societ'
during the whole or part of the year
The work has been prosecuted at ninet;
different stations or centers In thirty
seven 'States and Territories, the Federa
district of our own land, and in the Fed
Earnest Attention Was the Characteristic MarKing the Reception of the Eloquent Addresses at tbg_Ba^tis^Xonyentiorr
eral district and two States In Mexico.
During the year there had been one death,
nineteen resignations and thirty-two ap
pointments. The number of missionaries
on the Held at the close of the year Is 124.
The Baptist Missionary Training School
reported: -/ "•-■:>
Your executive board has not been un
mindful of the widening of home mission
fields in the changed relations between
the United States and her "new posses
sion?,' as will be evident from the follow
ing action, taken by a unanimous vote
of that body at the regular meeting held
ADTiI 4, I* I :, a few days after the close
of the fiscal year. In one sense, such ac
tion belongs to the records of the next
year, but it seems fitting to incorporate
It in this report. It reads an follows:
"Realizing the great possibilities for
Christian work In Cuba and Porto Rico, and
Impressed also with the grave responsi
bility resting upon Christians of the United
States to enter upon this work. It Is the
desire and Intention of the Woman's Bap
tist-Home Mission Society to extend It*
work Into these islands: and, convinces
that the bets! results will be accomplished
by the close and cordial co-operatloii of the
home mission societies operating there, the
board of the Woman's Baptist Home Mis
sion Society hereby expresses Its willing
ness to become responsible, under existing
conditions, for the support of qualified
women missionaries, approved and appoint
»d by the. board of the American Baptist
Home Mission Society, within the limits
of financial ability '
After Miss Burdettes report came an
impressive feature of the meeting, the
introduction of seven active missionary
Miss Ida May Egll told of her work In
the Chinese mission school and kinder
garten in San Francisco, and was fol
lowed by Mis* Abbie C. Ross, a worker
■in the same field. Miss Lips .1. Rag-
Btrome of Oakland, Miss Babrina Erick-
Bon of bos Angeles and Miss Hulda l^nf
gren of San Francisco recited their ex-
I perlence in working among the Swedes.
Miss Julia K. Pennoyer. general mission
ary for California, and Miss Rose J.
Clark general missionary for Colorado,
also spoke of what is being done in their
MVP localities.
"In a nutshell" five minute talks by I
representative women opened the after- ,
njoon session. Mrs. J. J. Croum of Utah
had this to say concerning her work:
"It does not take very long to tell of
the work in I'tah, for there are hardly
500 Baptists in Utah, but there is much to
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 25, 1899.
toll of the needs of Utah. One of the
groat mistakes we have made as a re
i lißious body mming West is that we
have not left our literature hehind."
Mrs. Jacks of Southern California fol
lowed. Shr brought greetinK from the
southland, nnd told of the work in the;
field in which she labored.
Exercises by the Chinese children of
the mission school, led by their teacher,
Mips Martha J. Ames, pleasantly inter
; rupted the routine. They were followed |
by some- music, after which Mrs. W. E.
' Wamsley of New York read an excellent
! paper on "How to Interest Children and
Why." Among other things Mrs. Wams
ley had this to say:
"Why interest the children? First for
; their own sake. The information will be
useful and broadening, but the training
received will be far more useful. A child
can DO more be educated to a life of re
i ligion and faith without the exercise of
personal activity than heroic deeds can
Ibe accomplished with words only. We
need the children's co-operation. We
want them to be ready to take our places
and carry on the work we have begun."
After Mrs. Wamsley had disposed of
the children question Mrs. John H. Chap
man delivered an address on "The Mis
sion of the Women's Baptist Home Mis
sion Society." In the course of an elo- ;
quent paper Mrs. Chapman thus appealed
i to the women:
"Women of God. we must save the
' homes. There has been much written and
said in this age of progress about the
elevation of woman. There have been
women, there are women, who are clam
-1 oring for the ballot and for an equal
I footing with the men; women who covet;
! man's privilege and power; women who j
j ape his dress and imitate his manner. ;
; I am not here to speak a word of censure i
to su< h as these, but I am here to point;
out to you as women a place of power and j
honor that God has reserved for you;
alone, a place so high and sacred that to
change to any other sphere must be to i
t;ik. ;i lower place. If home be a type [
of heaven, then woman must make it so;
if it be the fountain head of our natural
life, then the waters will be bitter or
sweet as woman wills."
Miss Jennie ].. Peck, who has been la- ]
boring with the colored women in Texas, '
followed Mrs. Chapman and told of her j
work and grand results in the field of the j
colored woman. Miss Mina S. Everett, !
who has been doing missionary work in
New Mexico, called her paper "Mexico's;
I Millions.'
Miss Isabel A. H. Crawford of Okla- j
homa Territory was the last speaker on
the afternoon programme. She told of
her t xp< rlence in the Indian Territories,
nnd Bhowed how the missionaries had
: finally won the confidence of the noble j
red man by love, kindness and forbear- i
anci'.
The church was Ihronged during the
; evening session with an appreciative au
dience. The various speakers were ap
• plauded aa they told of the growth of
Baptist Institutionts of learning.
In the absence of Rev. J. B. (iambrel
the Rev. Kerr Boyce Tupper, pastor of
the First Baptist church, Philadelphia,
was the principal speaker. He chose for
his theme "A Plea for Christian and De
nominational Education." He presented
■ many facts respecting Baptist institutions
of i> arning. 1 1<- said:
The denomination has Beven theological
seminaries with 1200 students; twenty-nine
v men colleges with 4O('O studpnts. thirty
three schools for negroes and Indians;
thirty colleges and universities with 12,
--000 students, and sixty-four academies and
schools with 18,000 students. It has $36,
--, 000.000 invested funds.
. These schools must be made distinctively
Christian. Students must be taught Bible,
authority. Every professor who is in op
position to, or silent ■ about, divine truth
must be banished, as he sows seed of
infidelity in the hearts of student*, In
tellect is a desirable qualification, but spirit .
is better. With the manly mind must also
be associated the sovereign soul. Without
Bplrltual life in the educated young men ;
their genius will be but a fatal gift; their
talent* a glittering sham; their eloquence, a
hollow unveraclty. We must lift the whole .
personality of college life until It glows in
the brightness and beauty of the sky.
The Bible Should be taught in Baptist col- ■
lege.* It Ib the fullest and richest thesaurus
.if wisdom and knowledge. No such poetry
as here, nor philosophy, nor history, nor
biography, nor morality. It Is above all: or
• the. books that fill our libraries and thrill
our hearts. Our students are ignorant of
this sunlimest work or God. We must de
mand that In connection with the mastery
of art and science and literature our edu
cated youth have their souls attuned to
the music of eternal principles..
"Our ' Educational Attempts and
Achievements on the Pacific Coast" was
the titlo of an address by , President T.
G. Brownson of California College. ; He
said in part: '■;■"?-:: ; .!.-.
Baptist educational work on the Pacific
Coast/ began "first In Oregon, then In Call- .
fornia and last In Washington. . Colfax Col-'
lege in Eastern Washington.- was' started
In 1579; Orace .Seminary in 18S9 and Seattle
University in 1880. The last two have . lost
their property. Cnifax has done fair work. .
Los Angeles University started in ISS7; Cali
fornia College was formed in 1870. but
moved to Oakland in 18S6. 'Middle Oregon
Academy is four-years old. McMlnnville
College is the oldest Baptist school on the
coast, chartered in ISF.9. ■ but r preceded : by |
another school almost ten years earlier.
We have the beginning of a theological sem- <
mary in Oakland. ■ . - ■
Our educational achievements' are 'four
fold—the accumulation of • property; "• the
gathering of "students; the uplift to the de-
nation and the storage of experience
for future "guidance. We .have accumulated •;;
nearly $200,000 worth of property and more
than 95 per cent of it has been "raised on
this coast. Our : schools; have been excep-
tionally well patronized and have sent out
some splendid ■ students, such as President ■
H. I' Boardman of • McMlnnvllle College: . .
Dr. Franklin Johnson, of r the .University of .
Chicago; Dr. E. K. Chandler, .of .Bishop.
' College, Texas; the ' Rev. '" J. > W. T Brougher .
of Paterson, N. J. ; Chaplain C.- C. Bate- :
SMITH SAYS HE IS
SEEKING NO OFFICE
The General Declares He Will Not Build
Politics on the Laurels He Has
Won in War.
EVERY time a patriotic Dem
ocrat has had room to swing
his hat in the last three or
four weeks, he has men
tioned Brigadier. General J. F. Smith
of San Francisco and Manila for
some office in the public gift. Some
times it has been for Mayor, some
times for Congress, for the State
.Senate or Assembly and during the
Senatorial fight at Sacramento he
was more than once given the com
plimentary votes of the Democrats
for the I'nited States Senate. He
has figured as a possibi '*• for a
long time, and since his promotion
fuel has been added to the tlames
and he has come more prominently
forward as a proposed candidate for
honors. They have all been un
sought, however, and the General
has finally got wind of the plans of
his enthusiastic friends. Their ef
forts have' not met with his favor,
man of the United States army; Lawyer 1.
S. Kalloeh of San Francisco, besides a large
number of young men and women in all
walks of life.
Our experience has been costly, but valu
able. This coast will some day have more
than 100 Baptist Schools, and we afe lay
ing the foundation and preparinc the way.
Here will some day be one of the larK<>;--t
theological seminaries of the denomination
and a great university with many colleges,
and each college with academies as feeders.
Our experience should empnasize the im
portance ol united action with a definite
policy of w.'ik.
H. L. Morehouse. corresponding secre
tary, presented the annual report of the
executive board of ihe Educational Soci
ety. H was replete with statistics show
ing the work of the year.
Th> Rev. J. K. McLiean of the Congre
gational Theological College spoke brief
ly, felicitating the members of the Bap
tist convention on the work it has done.
He expressed the hope that the conven
tion would see its way clear to establish
a seminary in Berk'-loy. speaking of it |
as a Kreat field for missionary work. He
hoped the day would come when the uni
versity campus will be surrounded with
denominational colleges.
Tin- work of the convention will be con
tinued to-day.
The following programme has been ar
ranged for to-day:
Second session— 9:lo a. in . ronfprpnrp and
frpp dlsi-usslon from 9:S« to 11 o'clock ,m the
following pubjpet: 'Is thp KftabllshniPnt of a
Baptist Theological School on ilip Pacific coast
Desirable arid Feasible?" Eminent brethren
from the East and West will take part In the
discussion; "Alms and Methods of Theoloßii al
Education," A. S. Hohart, D.D.. Yonkers. N.
V. ; discussion; election of officers.
THE AMERICAN BAPTIST PUBLICATION
BOCIBTT.
First session— 2 p. m., devotional exercisps:
2:1.1, prpsident"s address: appolntmpnt of com
mittPes "ii enrollment, nominations and reso
lutions; report Of the board; appointment of
committees on publishing department. mis
sionary department, Bible work and finance;
8:16, a review of three-quarters of a cenlur\'s
work, by the general secretary; 4:15, general
business and discussion.
Second spsslon— 7:4.i p. m. . an evening with,
thr chapel cars; an address hy Rev. B. B.
Jacques, manager chapel car Emmanuel, and
an Illustrated lecture by Boston \V. Smith,
general manager of chapel cars.
WILL ESTABLISH A
SEMINARY AT BERKELEY
Project Proposed at. the First
Meeti ng of Pacific Coast Bap
tist General Convention.
Taking advantage of the gathering of
Baptists in this city the ministers of that
denomination met and perfected an or
ganization to be known as the Pacific
Coast Baptist General Convention. The
first session was held yesterday morning
in the Young Men's <'hristian Associa
tion auditorium, the delegates present
representing Northern California, South
ern California, Oregon. I'tah, "Washing
ton, Arizona, Montana and South Dakota.
The names of delegates presented by the
enrollment committee follow:
Northwest Convention— Rev. Thomas Bald
win, Rev. J. .Lewi:- Smith, Rev. I>. J. Bower
although they may have earned his
thanks. He wants nothing the
voters can give him, and he hesi
tates to have his military record
made the basis of a political one.
In a letter to Captain Frank War
ren, who commanded Company H of
the First regiment, and was a close
friend of the then colonel, Smith
writes that he will not run for of
fice, and that he wishes his friends
to understand that plainly. In his
letter he wrote as follows:
You may say for me that I am
out of politics and that I propose
to stay out. This is my fixed de
termination and no friend of mine
knowing it will do me the dis
courtesy of showing his disbelief
by urging me as a candidate for
any political office. I entered the
service from a sense of duty. I
am entitled to no reward for it
man. Rev. W. E. Randall, Rev. C. O. John
son. Rpv. S. W. Beaver. G. A. C. Rochetter.
Eastern Washington and North Idaho— Rev.
Georsjo Varney, Rev. G. R. Schlanch, Rev. H.
S. Black. Rev. W. E. Sawyer. Rev. A. M.
Allyn.
Montana— Rev. F. J. Salsman and Rev. J. W.
Falls.
South Dakota— l,. C. riark and L, W. Gowan.
I'tah— Rev. H. B. Steelman and Rev. G. W.
Evans.
Southern California— J. H. Garnett. W. F
Hoc per, Joseph Small. A. P. Brown, C. T.
Douglass, A. P. Griffith. R. D. Adams. D. K.
Edwards, George A. Cleveland. Frank W.
Woods, A Grant.
Arizona- Dr. Lewis Halsey.
Nevada— Rev. B. F. Hudelson, Hon. B. P.
Corden. W. A. Philips. M.D., Edward Luper
and Miss Annie Foster.
California—Rev. A. B. Banks. Rev. T. S.
Young E. A. Woods, Rev. Robert Whitaker.
Rev. C. M. Hill. Rev. T. G. Branson. Rev. E.
R. Bennett. Rev. George E. Dye, Rev. I. D.
Wood Rev S C. Keeu-h. Rev. J. George Gib
son. Rev. Calvin Esterby. John H. Stevens,
H <• McCune, R. H. E. Espey, Rev. C. H.
Hobart and Rev. James Sunderland.
Oregon Baptist State Convention Rev. Oil
man Parker. Hey. F. W. Day and Rev. J. W.
Howell.
The chief object of the convention was
to discuss a memorial to be presented to
the American Baptist Educational So
ciety. This memorial, prepared by a com
mittee some months since, was read by
the Rev. T. <5. Brownson. It was intend
itl to outline a comprehensive plan of
campaign to promote unity of spirit and
effori in the denomination and in harmony
with existing societies to further the vari
ous mutual and common interests, es
pecially the planting and maintaining: of
Christian schools.
It was apparent from the start that
there was a decided difference of opinion.
After two hours of fruitless discussion
the Questions involved were submitted to
a Bpeclal committee to report back at a
meeting to be called later on. The cMef
objection raised to the report was that
H provided for work to be done twenty
five or fifty years hence. It was the con
sensus of opinion that the most should
be made of the educational facilities now
at hand.
The reading of the paper prepared by
the Rev. Dr. Blackburn of Oregon on
"Our Need of a Theological Seminary on
the Coast" was postponed until to-day. It
will be read at the meeting of the Bap
tist Educational Society.
The Rev. E. R. Bennett spoke briefly
on the question. Is the demand for a the
ological seminary on this coast sufficient
to justify and to rTemand earnest organ
ized effort to establish and maintain such
a school? He held there was a pressing
need for the school. The distance from
educational centers makes it seem im
practicable for young men to secure such
preparation for the ministvv. as thfy real
ize what is demanded by *he importance
of the work. Partly owing to this there
are few Baptist young men entering the
ministry. Only one or two graduates from
the University of California in the past
thirty years, one Congregationalist and
two or three Methodists. In California
there are 200 Baptist churches, with about
100 pastors, only thirty of whom have en
joyed a seminary training. With a well
located seminary as the center of de
nominational teaching, activity and life,
better counsels would have prevailed and
activities would have been unified. I sug
gest we plant our seminary at the seat
of the University of California and to
enter into some form of co-operation witb
and claim none, except the per
sonal satisfaction of being able to
say my service was not from sel
fish motives. Moreover, I now en
joy the friendship and good will
of all. It is pleasant to me to feel
that I have that friendship and
good will, and I will not permit
that feeling to be imperiled by
the bitter controversies incident
to a campaign for public office.
Any fame won by the regiment
belongs to it, not to me.
It is a clear, straightforward de
rision of a man who knows his own
mind and the ways of politicians.
General Smith can gain no higher
distinction in politics than he has
gained in the volunteer service, and
he values the one too highly to risk
it in pursuit of the other. He may
lose as a candidate, but he has not
lost as a man.
that institution. The officers of the uni
versity are friendly to the idea, another
denomination is already there and at
work and a second will open its school
there next year. A strong point in favor
of this plan is its feasibility. By avail
ing ourselves of the free instruction of
the branches taught by the university
we may be able to open the seminary and
do good work, with two good men in the
faculty or with but one for a time. The
time seems ripe to move in this matter.
Support can surely be secured from the
I large Held presented here. In addition
I to the advantages named for the plan,
there is this other consideration. It will
surround the great university with a cor
don of theological schools, which will go
a long way toward fixing the attitude of
. that school us hostile or friendly to evan-
g elical religion.
Officers for the ensuing year were
elected as follows:
President. T. G. Brownson. D. D.; re
i cording secretary, J. H. Garnett; corre-
Bpondlng secretary, E. R. Bennett; treas
urer, Robert Hall; vice presidents, A. B.
Banks. D. D., G. A. Cleveland of "River
side. \V. B. Randall of Tacoma. L. G.
Clark of Montana and C. J. Banks of Ari
zona; directors. Corwin S. Shauk, J. L.
Smith, o. W. vansdale, H. 1,. Boardman.
Gilman Parker, K. J. Salsman, John H.
Stephens. R. H. E. Espey, F. W. Woods.
D. K. Edwards and Lewis Halsey,
The meeting adjourned to the call of
the. chairman.
Call and see the fine "Olympia" Music
Boxes nt Mauvals', 769 Market street. *
SHALLENBERGER HERE.
The Assistant Postmaster General
Pleasantly Entertained.
Hon. \V. S. Shallenberger, Second As
sistant Postmaster General of the United
States, and wife were the guests of honor
at an enjoyable sightseeing party given
in their honor yesterday by John D.
Spreckels. About twenty-live guests em
barked on the tug Relief "and were
steamed to all the points of interest on
the bay. The outing on the bay Included
a trip around Angel Island, past Belve
dere and Sausalito, landing at Presidio
wharf. Some of the party were returned
to u-rra firma in time for a pleasant drive
through Golden Gate Park to the Cliff
House.
Among those who attended the outing
were: Hon. \V. S. Shellenherger and wife,
Hon. E. F. Loud,. Hon. W. W. Montague,
Postal Inspector Munroe. Postal Inspector
James \V. Irwin, L. H. Rricker and wife,
D. Coyne, wife and daughter; H. P.
Thrall, superintendent railway mail ser
vice; James Fish and wife, Harry Lewis,
H. V. Dodge and wife, Mrs. K. W. Sny
der, T. J. Ford, superintendent of mails;
D. S. Richardson and wife, Miss Susie
Esbey. Sam Caches, Mrs. 'M. E. Edwards,
Mrs. S. C. Clinton, E. A. O'Connor and
Wife, J. B. Stevens. Mrs. E. M. Cole. Miss
E. Binner, Miss L. Ly*ian. Samuel Part
ridge and John D. Spreckels.
Costs in the Grain Cases.
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford filed
yesterday in the United States Circuit
Court a petition to have the costs taxed
in the matter of the dismissed case of The
Southern Pacific Company vs. The Rail
road Commissioners. June 5 was fixed as
the date for the hearing of the matter.
SMALLPOX CASE
REPORTED TO
HEALTH OFFICE
Little Cause to Fear
Contagion.
ISOLATION OF THE PATIENT
VICTIM IS ROY WINCHESTER, A
STENOGRAPHER.
Dr. O'Brien Says the Case Is Prob
ably Sporadic and That All Proper
Precautions Have Seen
Taken.
A case of smallpox was discovered Mon
day in the house a( ."77 Ellis street and
wa? reported to the Health Office by Dr.
William A. Harvey. The patient is Roy
Winchester, a stenographer in the em
ploy #f Hobbs, Wall & Co.. As soon as
the nature of the disease was determined
the patient was redaoved to the Mac Lean
Hospital on Douglass street, from which
place be was again nmnved to a cottage
on Caselli avenue, where both patient
and nurses will be isolated until the dis
ease has run its course. The house
where Winchester was living at the tim-j
he was stricken with the disease has
been thoroughly fumigated and dis
infected under the direction of officers of
the Health Department; the same course
has been pursued at the Mac Lean Hos
pital.
"I have made a thorough study of the
case and its history," said Health Officer
O'Brien yesterday, "and I have found
nothing to cause me to fear an epidemic.
It is a case of variola, or confluent small
pox, and is, so far as I am able to ascer
tain, sporadic: that is to say. it is not
due to contagion. The patient had not
visited the water front or the Presidio,
and has not been in any of the places
where it would be possible for him to
have become infected with the germs of
the disease from any known source. Dr.
Harvey very properly reported the case
to the Health Department as soon as it
had become sufficiently developed to
arouse suspicion as to its virulent nature.
This has enabled us to take all proper
precautions to isolate the patient and pre
vent the spread of the disease by con
tagion."
KILLED BY A DOCTOR.
Mrs. Lucy Lahl Died From the Effects
of a Criminal Operation at Hands
of an Unknown Person.
Mrs. Lucy Lahl. a bride of ten months
i and only 17 years old, came to
I her death yesterday morning at the hands
jof some unscrupulous physician, name
I and whereabouts unknown.
Coroner Hill was notified yesterday by
j Dr. C. A. Glover that the young woman's
; death was from peritonitis, and that
i therefore it was a matter for investiga
tion by the Coroner. Dr. Glover said that
he had been called to attend the woman
I shortly before she died, and had discov
ered certain suspicious facts which im
gelled him to report the case. Autopsy
urgeon Zabala held an autopsy on the
body at the undertaking establishment
and found that trie deceased came to her
death because of a criminal operation by
some person unknown. An inquest will
be held this afternoon.
j MtOB ijatii was Miss Waldo**. " T^"
1 months ago she clandestinely married a
j car conductor named Lahl, who lived with
] her a while and then left the city. He
I is now believed to be in Los Angeles.
| The Coroner has obtained a clew which
! may lead to the discovery of the guilty
I physician. .
As a Warning to Others.
Joseph Goldstein, a messenger hoy in
the employment of the District Telegraph
Company, was sentenced to thirty days
in the County Jail by Judge Mogan yea
terday on the charge of petty larceny.
May 19 he was sent with a letter con
taining $10 to a Mr. Levy in a downtown
hotel, and h<- abstracted the money and
spent it on drink. Th» Judgo said he
would sentence him as a warning to other
messenger boys to be honest.
Advances made nn furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. .1. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
In the Divorce Court.
Mary B. Kenney was granted a divorce
from John B. Kenney yesterday on the
ground of Infidelity. Charles H. Walker
was granted a divorce from Annie Walk
er by Judge Daingerfield on the ground
of desertion. Suits for divorce have been
filed by Alire L. Ingram against Robert
H. Ingram for failure to provide. George
C. Bates against Margarita Bates for in
fidelity and Cora Shoaff against "Walter
Shoaft" for failure to provide.
Board Must Appear.
Judge Hunt yesterday ordered an order
to show cause to be served on the Board
of Education commanding that body to
appear on June 2 and explain the reascin
why the demands of E. C. Kllpatrick for
a year's salary have not been paid. A pre
vious ordt-r was dismissed, but it seems
that the matter will now be finally de
termined.
Harvester King Binders and Headers.
Hooker & Co.. San Francisco. •
Memorial Day Services.
The memorial committee of the G. A. R.
posts held a meeting at B'nai B'ritli Hall
last night, at which the reports from all
nt" the sub-committeees were received.
There is no change announced from that
already made public as to the programme
on Memorial day service.
The Veteran Guard wil leave Hip city
on thf> afternoon of Monday fur. Vallejo.
where it will parade with the men of that
city, returning to the home on the follow
ins Thursday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR
MEYERS
& CO.
. || These old- reliable jl]| I
specialists for all dis- \ j
eases and weakness of | i
men have the larctut
I and best equipped med-
ical institution. and j
| most extensive practtec
; in America.
Patients can arrange
to pay when cured, or
pay in monthly or
weekly installments.
Home cures a spe-
' , eialty. Private book
for men and advice
free at office or hy j
mail. Correspondence !
I I confidential. I I
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. Take Elevator.
56
THURSDAY MAY 25, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mh.ll. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), on* year $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday Call), < month* 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), t months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Mouth «Bo
BUNDAT CALL One Year 1-50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
C. CEO. KROGNEBB. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
1 o'clock 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Mark«t
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Moth and the Flame."
<iran.l Opera. House— "The Gypsy Baron."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "In Mlzzoura."
Tlvoli— "The Mandarin."
chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
an.) evening.
Ohmpla— Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties
Inumate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tanila H.iy
Sherman-Clay Hall— Pianoforte Recital This Evening.
Putro Raths— Swimming Knees. Ptc.
Ice Toboggan Grounds, Dolores and Twenty-Fifth streets,
Opens To-morrow.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Kneitel Quartet Concerts. Friday even
Ing, May 26.
AUCTION SALES.
By Baldwin & Howell— This day at 12 o'clock, Real Estate,
a; i Montgomery Ftr>»et.
Jty Kast..n. Eldrldge A Co. -Friday. May 26, at 10:30 o'clock.
Furniture, at 803 Van Ness avenu«\
THE PANHANDLE EXTENSION.
THE extension of the panhandle to Market
street seems to be practically assured. At first
there was a latent fear, expressed in some quar
ters, that it would simply furnish a lengthened drive
way for opulent citizens at the expense of the com
munity. But it is now clearly understood that, of all
classes of our people, they will derive the least bene
fit from the improvement. The chief arguments in
its favor, which arc generally comprehended, are that
it will beautify a large and interesting section of our
territory, principally occupied by residences; that it
will be a connecting link between the mass of our
population and one of the finest resorts in the world,
and that it will so diffuse the knowledge of our artis
tic civilization as to raise San Francisco on this con
tinent to the same commanding position that Paris
occupies in Europe.
There is hardly a person of any nationality, sex or
age in this city who has not visited Golden Gate
Park, and yet there are very few who have an ade
quate conception of us extent or of how greatly and
symmetrically it has been developed within twenty
six or twenty-seven years. The site alone, which em
braces 1004 acres, stretching for four miles from the
Baker-street entrance to the ocean beach, is worth '■
probably a couple of millions of dollars. The diver
sified cultivation of two-thirds of this area, now com- j
pletely recovered from its natural bleakness, with
such embellishments as the conservatories, the
aviary, the museum, the playhouse for children and j
other ornamental structures too numerous to men
tion, represent a much greater value. It may soon be
within our power to give a closely approximated es
timate of the total amount of this beneficent and
profitable investment. But it is tolerably safe to as
sume that the sum total will not be less than from
six to eight millions. The public has had a full
equivalent for every dollar that has been employed
to create this magnificent landscape on the verge of
the continent and by the side of the almost bound
less stretch of the Pacific.
The larger gifts that have been made for the bene
fit of the park by wealthy men, who have perceived its
sanitary, its intellectual and its moral influence upon
the city and upon the State, have been repeatedly de
scribed in the press. But it is not generally known
that in each year a constant stream of lesser but use
ful and ornamental donations is poured into the avail
able resources of the Commissioners. In the
Memorial Museum alone, which during its brief ex
istence has been visited by a million and a half of
people, a few months ago there were 41.585 separate
articles, all of them attractive and many of them
costly and magnificent. In the last report of the
Park Commissioners five pages of print arc filled
with the list of presentations in twelve months, and
three pages with our own contributions of plants and
Rowers to various institutions in the State. In the
year that ended July 1, 1897, the disbursements for the
park, every item of which is accounted for, aggre
gated $249/160 55.
The extension of the panhandle is absolutely es
sential to a perfect connection between the park and
the crowded thoroughfares of this metropolis. Its
cost will be a bagatelle compared with the imme
diate benefits that it will secure, not merely those
which cannot be computed in dollars, but in addi
tions to property values. It was roughly guessed,
when The Call first advocated this plan for the gen
eral welfare, that the property to be condemned, as
sessed at $1,600,000, would involve a public charge of
three millions and a half. The prospect is that the
more detailed work now in progress will show a
considerable reduction in these figures. The imme
diate and visible profit will more than balance the ex
penditure.
Aguinaldo seems to have as many capitals as all the
I'nucd State's, and surrenders them one after another
with as much indifference as some of our State capi
tals are surrendered to Colonel Mazuma.
The Market Street Railway Company seems to have
come to the conclusion that all of its troubles are in a
bottle and can be pulled out only by something in
the nature of a corkscrew franchise.
Victoria undoubtedly merits congratulation on her
birthday, but at the same time it is hardly to her
cirdit that she has lived eighty years without ever
trying to do justice to Ireland.
The Kaiser's declaration of a hope that the Peace
Conference will reach conclusion: that "will satisfy
the Czar" sounds well, but it doesn't promise much.
MORE COOLIES FOR HAWAII.
THE latest news from Hawaii is in further con
firmation of The Call's contention. We quoted
President Dole and other island authorities, be
i fore annexation, to prove that they expected permis
sion to continue coolie contract labor there, and to
go on unrestrained in that respect. This was hotly
! denied by annexationists, and our home labor and its
1 employers were quieted by the assurance that our
labor laws would be extended tp the islands and that
| labor there and here would be put upon a perfect
equality as to wage scale, contracts, hours and all
| other things. The commission which went out to
measure Hawaii and cut and fit for it a garment of
government, after continuing the existing govern
, ruent in power until Congress should act, returned
! home and did nothing to get action by Congress, so
j that the islands have experienced no change in their
■ civil affairs, except that their public debt of several
millions has been paid out of the pockets of Ameri
; can taxpayers, and the expenses of their government
are borne by the citizens of this country. The im
; portation of coolie contract labor has gone on until
; coolies are more than half the population.
At a recent meeting of the Dole Cabinet the peti
■■ tion of four sugar planters for coolie labor, which had
been refused, was reconsidered and granted, and they
were permitted to import 531 1 "for the next period."
Action upon these petitions brought out the reason
for their rejection when first presented. The In
spector of Immigrants had reported that these plant
ers had ill treated their coolies, and they were for
! bidden any more until they promised to treat them
i better.
This is worthy of approval. The tens of thousands
of coolies in the islands who labor under the com
pulsion of a penal contract should have some protec
tion against abuse. This admission that abuses exist
and that there is personal, bodily, ill treatment of
these unfortunate and servile people marks in a
startling way the wide gulf between the Hawaiian
labor system and ours. Yet the two countries are
uiider the same flag and the same Government, which
is supposed to be one of absolute equality throughout
its jurisdiction.
The people of Hawaii are to be congratulated.
Their public expenses are paid by us. Their leading
products are now permanently on our free list, and
they enjoy the use of the cheapest labor in the world.
It is true that there rises beyond this sump
tuous picture of high prosperity for the few secured
b\ the use of servile labor a background that may be
viewed with apprehension by those who permit them
selves to look into the future. The American peo
ple control Congress, and when they discover that
they resemble the coolies in having no share in the
gilded scene, they may awake to the importance and
the possibilities of their own constitution and insist
that under it conditions shall be equal for all terri
tory that is under the flag. Then the alluring vision
that now charms the beholder in Hawaii will pass
away, and it will be again demonstrated that labor in
the tropics must be involuntary, compulsory, ser
vile, if there is to be any labor there at all.
This awakening will be promoted by another con
dition which no human ingenuity can avoid. If
coolie contract labor be unchecked in our tropical
territory, the condition of white labor at home will
gradually decline to the coolie level.
The Republican doctrine of protection has taught
this lesson to the American people, until it i> a per
manent part of the political faith of this country. If
that doctrine is sound when applied to cheap and
servile labor under other flags, it is equally sound
when applied to the same labor under our flag. It is
surprising that the annexation press is so silent on
j this subject. When The Call was predicting just
what has come to pass in Hawaii the annexation or
-1 gans were presenting the sugar plantations of Hawaii
; as a white man's paradise, never more to be polluted
by the footprint of a coolie. They attacked us for
warning the people of what would happen. Now
i that it has happened they are silent.
But the people are not blind. They are observers
of current events, and one day they will call for an
accounting.
TAMMANY AND MR. BRYAN.
SINCE the day the Chicago convention of 1896
nominated Bryan for the Presidency New York
Democracy has been disturbed, dissatisfied and
restless. If from the proverb, "A contented mind is
a continual feast," we may infer that a discontented
mind is continual hunger, then the Democrats of
New York are sufficiently famished and ravenous to
devour anything in sight, even to the extent of prac
ticing cannibalism upon one another.
About the only relief they find in their discontent
is to turn their restless activity to ceaseless efforts to
displace Bryan from the leadership of the Democratic
party and establish in the position a man who will
restore them to their former dominant authority in
national Democracy. To that end they have sought
candidate after candidate, beginning with Gorman of
Maryland, ranging far and wide and now returning to
him again.
A short time ago Amos J. Cummings presented
anew to the people of New York the claims of Gor
man upon the Democratic party and argued again
that he is the most available and most skillful leader
i the party could choose to direct it in the campaign of
1900. Mr. Cummings has so long been a member of
the inner councils of New York Democracy that it
cannot be doubted his utterances represent the pre
vailing sentiment of the controlling element of Demo
cratic circles in that State. It may therefore be ac
cepted as an evidence that something like a campaign
s of education is to be made on Gorman's behalf and
that from this time on it will be under his standard
the fight against Bryan will be made.
In the meantime the Nebraska man is not in the
least alarmed. Since his tumultuous reception at the
famous dollar dinner he has been more sanguine than
ever of his renomination, and has even persuaded
himself that New York Democrats will send delegates
to support him at the national convention. In fact,
he is reported to have said recently, "There are ten
silver Democrats in New York to every one in
Nebraska."
The silver leader is not without reason for the
hope that is in him. While the more eminent men of
his party are opposed to him, the rank and file ap
j pear to be steadfastly with him. Whenever a Demo
cratic convention meets there are sure to be more
cheers for Bryan than for any other Democrat, living
or dead. It will be remembered that when one of
the speakers at the dollar dinner declared Jefferson
to be the greatest Democrat that ever lived he was
checked with hisses and shouts of "Bryan! Bryan!"
That seems to be the temper of the rank and file of
the party almost everywhere.
A striking illustration of the survival of the Bryan
craze in the ranks of the Democratic party was given
ir the platform recently adopted by a Democratic
convention in Maine which had assembled to nomi
nate a Congressman to succeed the late Nelson
I Dingley. Of course they knew they had no chance of
electing their man, but they gave a wild warwhoop
just the same, indorsed the Chicago platform and de
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. MAY 25. 1899.
clared it contains '"principles which were triumphed
over by 'McKinleyism,' which has given the country
brutal political bossism, relentless and grasping trust
isni, blatant Eaganism, criminal Algerism and rotten
beefism— in a word, unadulterated, unreasoning and
detestable modern Republicanism and bold and un-
American imperialism."
That is the style of talk which arouses Democracy
in this day and generation. Tammany is of course a
strong organization, and Gorman is a leader of many
resources, but it is not likely that both combined can
baffle the rank and file of the party, bent upon re
peating the folly of 1896 and determined to be Bryan
ites first, last and all the time.
VICTORIA'S EIGHTIETH BIRTHDAY.
AFTER a reign which for length of time and for
good fortune has been unparalleled in the an
nals of history, Victoria, Queen of Great
Britain and Ireland and Empress of India, has come
to her eightieth year and has seen her birthday cele
brated with exultant rejoicing at home and observed
with honor throughout the civilized world.
Her life when summed up and compared with the
general lives of men and women seems to approach
very near the acme of human felicity. She was dow
ered in her cradle with almost every conceivable
good gift. The blood within her little veins was
wholesome and full of vitality. She had the highest
fortune, so far as wealth, rank and dominion go,
which the earth affords. Nature endowed her with a
serene temper and clear common sense. She grew up
to possess sufficient beauty to be pleasin-g, but not
enough to tempt her into vanity or coquetry. She
married her first love, and their wedded lives were
happy. She had many children and saw nearly all
of them reach maturity in health and vigor. She
was surrounded by wise counselors and her empire
flourished and her people prospered to an extent sur
passing that ever dreamed of at the time she as
cended the throne.
Her personality \ias been a potent factor in
strengthening and advancing both the prosperity of
her people and the splendor of her kingdom. While
she was not in any sense a great woman, she has
been at every important point in her career a wise and
a good one. British loyalty and the flattery of courts
have of course concealed as far as possible such faults
as she has and such errors of mind or heart as she
may have committed in her career, but allowing all
that can be justly claimed on that score, the fact re
mains that the Queen has been perhaps the most ex
cellent woman that ever sat upon a throne.
She has been singularly happy also in her family.
She has had trials and tragedies and disgraces close
to her. and among those whom she loved, but con
sidering the temptations to which royalty is exposed
these have been comparatively few, not more, per
haps, than have afflicted private families whose mem
bership is anything like so extensive as her own. She
has fifty-six descendants. Five of her grandchildren
wear crowns, and among them the greatest crowns
of Europe.
It is difficult to imagine a more fortunate career,
unless we should eliminate from the imagined one all
human defects and all the risks that attend mortals
in this mutable world. Love and power and wealth,
length of years, prosperity, peace, honor, children
and their descendants to the third generation — all
these have been hers, and all were around her when
in good health and with an undisturbed heart she
celebrated her eightieth birthday. It is certainly a
notable life which Victoria is now rounding out into
a serene old age, and it is not strange that her people
scattered all over the globe rise up and call her
blessed.
COUNTY EXHIBITS AT STATE FAIR.
AN address issued by the State Board of Agri
culture to the Supervisors of the various
counties urging them to provide as far as pos
sible for a comprehensive county exhibit at the State
Fair gives encouragement to the hope that the fair
will be made what it was designed to be — a compre
hensive exposition of the resources, industries and
productions of all California.
The desirability of a thorough exposition of the
products of the State every year is not to be denied.
Such displays constitute something more than a pub
lic holiday. They afford a stimulus to industry by ex
citing emulation among men of all departments of in
dustry, while at the same time furnishing illustrations
of what can be accomplished in any particular line
of endeavor and providing instruction as to the
means of attaining it. The taxpayers provide a con
siderable sum of money for the maintenance of the
fair, and since they pay for it, a county which neglects
to take advantage of it is guilty of something like
folly.
The State Board of Agriculture has made every ar
rangement to give ample space for the desired ex
hibits. The address says: "A separate ' portion of
the exhibition pavilion will be set apart for these
county exhibits, which will be set up by the society
without expense, and a proper and qualified atten
dant will be put in charge who will present and ex
plain in detail to travelers and the general public. If
the county, or any Board of Trade, Immigration So
ciety or Chamber of Commerce organized within it
desire to supply any literature or printed matter for
distribution in connection with this display, it will be
distributed by the person in charge. If the county or
any county organization should desire to employ a
special attendant for its exhibit no objection will be
made."
The nature and the extent of each county exhibit
is of course left to the county itself to determine, and
so varied are the natural resources and the industries
of the different counties that if all enter the exposi
tion the display as a whole will be one of extraor
dinary interest and value. The State Fair is always
largely attended, but if a general county display were
to be made on a scale of sufficient magnitude to
worthily represent all California, it would be largely
increased and the resulting benefit to each competing
county greatly augmented.
The issue is before the Supervisors and the people
of each county. The Board of Agriculture is pre
pared and ready to do its share. If now a proper re
sponse be made from the counties, the State Fair this
year will give us a grand rehearsal of what California
will show at the Paris Exposition of 1900 and greatly
aid the making of that exhibit.
A vicious convict at San Quentin has been or
dered into solitary confinement for the remainder of
his term— a period of thirty-six years. If his own
company is as disagreeable to himself as it has been
dangerous to his fellows, he has been sentenced to
death.
If the peace jubilee in Washington on Tuesday
were designed to exult in the peace with Spain it was
dilatory, if for peace in the Philippines it was pre
mature, but it appears to have been a good show all
the same.
As a general proposition no kind of straw repays
the work of thorough threshing, but the straw bond
business is an exception to the rule.
GEARY STREET
FRANCHISE OF
GREAT VALUE
Three Millions Will Be
Lost to the City.
PROPOSED STEAL EXPOSED
COMPETING LINE TO THE FER
RIES BLOCKED.
Under the New Charter the Geary-
Street Cars Could Be Run to
the Foot of Market
Street.
The wholes-ale steal contemplated by the
Market-street Railway Company in the
matter of franchises will no doubt secure
the indorsement of the Street Committee
of the Board of Supervisors at its meet
ing this afternoon. The members of the
committee put themselves on record at the
meeting of the board on Monday and
there is no reason to suppose that they
will change their minds, even in the face
of the storm of indignation that has been
aroused in the community since the mag
nitude of the scheme became apparent.
In an interview published in these col
umns yesterday Mayor Phelan set forth
many of the reasons why the street rail
way corporation is attempting, at this
time, to secure control of the various
franchises asked for, particularly the
franchise for the Geary-street road. In
connection with this last named line there
is still another reason why the acquisi
tion of a franchise at this time would be
of incalculable value to the Market-street
Railway Company, and a consequent loss
to the city. Under the present law— the
provisions of which would control the
franchise were it granted— the owner or
owners of one line of street railway are
permitted to run cars over the line of
railway operated by un opposition com
pany for a distance of five blocks. Under
the provisions of the new charter thi.s
privilege is extended so as to allow the
cars of one company to be run over the
line owned and operated by another com
pany for a distance of ten blocks. If the
franchise for the Geary-street road were
disposed of under the terms of the new
charter, as it should be, the person se
curing the franchise would be permitted
to run the cars of the Geary-street line
to the ferry depot over the lines of the
Market-street Railway Company on Mar
ket street. This privilege would enhance
the value of the franchise more than 50
per cent and would result in a proportion
ate benefit to the city from the increased
price that could be obtained from the
sale of the franchise as well as the re
sultant increase in the gross receipts of
the road, a percentage of which would be
paid to the city each year as provided by
law.
It is estimated that if the franchise Is
granted at this time its value will be de
creased for the above reason alone about
$1,500,000. If to this sum is added the mon- |
etary advantage that would be derived by j
the Market-street Railway Company be
cause of the conditions enumerated by !
Mayor Phelan in his interview the amount i
foots up to the stupendous sum of over !
$3,000,000. The corporation can afford to
pay well to secure such an advantage,
and the question of how much it proposes
to pay for the necessary number of votes
in the Board of Supervisors is a matter
of much speculation about the City Hall. ;
Yesterday City and County Attorney-
Lane rendered a.n opinion as to the proper
action of the Board of Supervisors in the
matter of the application of the Market
street Railway Company for permission
to use electricity as a motive power on
the Post-street road and on the proposed
so-called corkscrew road. He finds that ,
the company's franc. Ise for the Post- |
street road gives it the privilege of using
electricity as a motive power. He also
holds that the corporation has the right j
to use electricity on the proposed cross
town line. Permission to use electricity
must, however, be lirst granted by the
Board of Supervisors. As to the matter
of granting this permission the opinion
Is indefinite. Mr. Lane holds that if the
erection cf poles and the stringing of
wires is held by the board to be a privi- ■
lege, then the " right to erect poles and >
string wires must bo hold open for com
petitive bids, as provided by law. If the
board holds that the right is not a privi
lege, then the Market-street Railway
Company may be allowed to go ahead
with the work of erecting poles and
stringing wires as soon as permission so
to do is granted by the board.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE CABINET— N. N., City. Governor
Roosevelt of New York never held an of
fice in the Cabinet of the President of the.
United States.
ELECTRICITY ON A GRADE— F. X.
L., Tinuron, Cal. There is no electric
road that ascends a grade of 45 per cent.
The highest grade ascended by an electric
motor, unaided by other appliance, is
about 1" per cent.
STAMPS FOR FIVE DOLLARS—
Stamp Collector. The Dotted States Gov
ernment is offering >ets of twelve unused
newspaper and periodical stamps to col
lectors. Such stamps, however, cannot be
used in the payment of postage. The col
lection is sold only in sets for $5 and is
made up of one stamp of each of the fol
lowing denominations: 1, 2, 5, 10, 25 and 50
cents and 2, 5, 10, 20, 60 and 100 dollars.
RAILWAY MAIL CLERKS—Subscri
ber, Cal. The next examination for posi
tions in the railway mail service will be
held In San Francesco October 6. Appli
cation blanks ctfn be obtained by writing
to the Civil Service Commission, Wash
ington. D. C. You may find consolation
in the fact that in IS% there were in that
branch 5013 who underwent examination,
3048 passed and Gl3 were appointed. The
figures in lSf>7 were 6431, 47U>. 218; in 1898,
4799. 3828, 698. If you should take the ex
amination and should pass you can judge
from these figures what the chances of
appointment are.
A POSTAL, ORDER— G. A. F., Eureka.
Cal. If a postal money order was sent to
a mmor and that minor, not being able to
write, was accompanied by his lawfully
appointed guardian, that guardian on pro
ducing letters of guardianship to the Post
master would be authorized to sign for his
ward. The Postmaster, who stated that
"By strict process of law I cannot pay
the money because the papers must be
signed by the person to whom the order
is addressed," evidently does not know as
much as he ought to.
THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS— W. C.
M., Sonora. Cal. The language generally
spoken at Manila is the Spanish; on tne
Philippines the language is that of the
Malays. There are as many dialects of
that language as there are tribes of peo
ple. There are many of the neighboring
tribes that are unable to converse with
each other by reason of the variation of
dialect.
The fare from San Francisco to Manila
is first-class. $220. Every steamer that
leaves San Francisco for Hongkong will
carry passengers to that point and from
there they have to go on another line to
the capital of the Philippines.
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING-Sub
scriber, Llvermore, Cal. There is not a
separate "department" of electrical engi
neering at the University of California
but there is a course of Instruction in elec
trical engineering, this course being a
part of the curriculum of the college of
mechanics. The requirements for admis
sion to the college of mechanics are Eng
lish, (elementary) algebra, geometry
United States Government, physics, chem
ietry and either Latin or Greek or a mod
ern language or advanced language. Those
who wish to take the course of electrical
engineering must have the requirements
enumerated. On application. James Sut
ton. recorder for the faculties at the uni
versity, will furnish a circular of infor
mation as to admission, organization of
course, etc. %
THEY DIED FOR
THEIR FLAG AND
THEIR COUNTRY
Remains of Eighteen
Soldiers Arrive.
ONLY ONE KILLED IN BATTLE
DISEASE AND SUICIDE CARRIED
OFF THE OTHERS.
Typhoid and Typhus Fever Was Re
sponsible for Nearly All the
Dead Brought Sack on
the Sheridan.
The transport Sheridan was taken to
the Hunter's Point drydock yesterday.
She will be cleaned and overhauled and
then brought back to the Government
wharf at Folsom street to load for Manila.
Before she was moved yesterday the
remains of the soldiers who died in the
Philippines and were sent up on the trans
port were landed. They were:
Colonel Stotsenberg of the First Ne
braska. He died of a gunshot wound.
His remains will be sent to New Albany,
Ind.
Edgar J. Johnson, Company D, Second
Oregon; died July 28 of typhoid fever.
William C. O'Leary, Company I, First
Montana; died September 5 of spinal
meningitis.
Sergeant William J. Evans, Company C,
First Nebraska; died July 24 of typhoid
fever.
Harry G. Watson, Company C, Thir
teenth Minnesota; died August 28 of ty
phoid fever.
Rufus K. Holbrook, Company C, Second
Oregon; died August 10 of typhoid fever.
William Fields, Hospital Corps, U. S. A.;
died September 3 of typhus fever. His
remains will be sent to Centaur, Mo.
I John Flynt, Company C, Thirteenth j
Minnesota; died on board the transport I
Sheridan.
John Black* Company B, First Ne
braska; died September 5 of typhus fever, j
Joseph W. Whitman, Company M, First i
South Dakota; died August 26 of con
sumption.
Walter Berdlne, Twenty-third Infantry,
U. S. A.; died July 31 of typhoid fever.
Leslie B. Paden, Company E. Thirteenth j
Minnesota; died of typhus fever August R.
Leroy S. Minnick, Company C, First
Wyoming; died August 15 of typhoid j
fever.
Edwin C. Young, Company A, Second
Oregon; died August 1 of typhus fever.
Thomas H. Sargent, Hospital Corps; ;
died August 17. His remains are con- !
signed to Mate E. Leary, Clementina i
street, San Francisco.
Daniel Nickells, Company H, First Cali
fornia; died July 26 of paralysis.
George H. Perkins, Company B. First j
California; died August 7 of pneumonia.
Francis Deckalman, Hospital Corps;
i died August 29 from morphine poisoning-.
■ His remains are consigned to Halstead & .
i Co.. the undertakers.
The remains of Colonel Stotsenberg will
I be given a military escort as far as the 1
1 ferries. All the other bodies will be j
I shipped to their former homes, or to j
'. wherever the relatives wish them sent, i
Ins speedily as possible. It will be noted
j that of the eighteen men whose remains
! are now brought back for burial only one j
i died from a gunshot wound.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Sam N. Rucker of San Jose is regis
tered at the Palace.
Hervey Lindley arrived yesterday from
Klamathon, Northern California. He is
a guest at the Palace.
Assemblyman A. S. Crowder of San Di
ego is stopping at the Occidental.
L. W. Fulkerth. ex-District Attorney of
Stanislaus .County, arrived yesterday
from Modesto. He is at the Lick.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. May 24.— T. Z. Blakeman,
A. Kern, J. A. Faull and D. Guttmann
of San Francisco are at the Hoffman.
The following San Franciscans were pas
sengers on the St. Louis for Southamp
ton to-day: A. C. Cronin, wife and
daughter; Frank M. Ballard, Eugene
Heulett, R. L. Toplitz and wife, Malcolm
Stewart, Edward Pickworth. Miss L.
Pickworth, Mrs. Mortens^n. S. R. Lys
saght, \Y. E. Lester and wife.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 24.— H. "Westervplt
of Los Angeles is at the National Hotel.
Solomon Hyberger of San Francisco is at
Willard's.
Baby on the Doorstep.
A female child was found in a box on
the stoop of the San Francisco Foundling
Asylum on Golden Gate avenue last Mon
day night. It was blue with cold and ap
parently at the brink of death. Dr Vir
ginia Smiley treated the case, but the in
fant died shortly after 1 o'clock Tuesday
morning. The city undertaker was noti
fied and ho informed the Coroner's office
last night. The identity of the unnatural
parents who -abandoned their offspring i«
unknown, but an effort will be made to
locate them.
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING.
LP DFfiFN Manufacturer of Belttnjf «nd
r. IiEUEH, LaM Leather. 105-107 Mis-
St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BO LER MAKERS. '
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
"W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST.
. Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
-THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Deary Street. Above Powell.
Periodical.. Books and Stationery.
. COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H.BLYTH, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbinar, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and IB
Washington St. Telephone, Main 0041.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & CO.foT^^^n-i
-FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lIC HAVEC X- Cfi Shipping Butchers, 104
JA_»- AUIE3 CC \J3,, clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HARDWARE
PALACE Hardware Co., Importers and Deal-
" ers In hardware, 603: Market; tel. Mala "52.
HE SAVED HER
WATER FRONT TO
SAN FRANCISCO
Passing of Ex-State
Senator Gardner.
A PIONEER AND POLITICIAN
HE DEFEATED A SENATE BILL
TO ROB THE STATE.
When It Came to the Final Test the
Ring Offered Him $40,000
for His Vote and He
Refused.
Tha funeral of Hon. James H. Gardner,
ex-State Senator, '49er and the olde3t
Custom-house broker in California, took
place at San Rafael ye&terday. Mr. Gard
ner died of old age at Sausalito last Sun
day night and a host of his city friends
went over to the funeral yesterday. The
remains were placed in a vault at San
Rafael temporarily and later will be sent
to his old home in South Carolina.
The pall-bearers were: F. A. Berlin, C.
N. Stoutenborough, Colonel Thomas H.
Craig, M. R. Dundas, William H. Thorn
ley, L. M. Kellogg, Captain J. Mclntyre
and T. W. Jackson.
James H. Gardner was born in South
Carolina in 1810 and came to California
early in 1549. He went to the mines, where
he made more friends than money. He
was elected a number of times to the
State Senate later on and was one of the
bitterest opponents of the bill introduced
to sell San Francisco's water front. In
fact, had it not been for the stand taken
by Mr. Gardner all the wharves from
Meiggs wharf to the Mail dock would now
be private property.
Toward the end of the fight, when pri
vate individuals were pulling every string
to gain their end, Senator Gardner was
taken into a private room at Sacramento
and a certified check for $40,000 offered
him for his vote. The bribe was refused
and the fight went on with the result that
the State still owns the water front.
After he got tired of mining and poli
tics Mr. Gardner held a number of im
portant positions in the Custom-house and
only retired from Uncle Sam's service to
go into business for himself. He estab
lished what is now the house of Gardner
& Thornley, the first to do a purely Cus
tom-house brokerage business on the Pa
cific Coast. About ten years ago Mr.
Gardner retired from active business, but
up to a few years ago used to make daily
visits to his office. Then his age began to
tell on him and he was rarely seen out
side his home at Sausalito. Toward the
end he suffered considerably, but at the
last he was free from pain and passed
away without a struggle.
TOOK "ROUGH ON RATS."
Thomas K:\iie Had Been Drinking
He wily and Became Desponded
to the Point of Suicide.
Thomas Kane, a laboring man, 52 years
old, committed suicide yesterday morning
by taking "Rough on Rats" at his resi
dence, corner of Twenty-first avenue and
X street. He had been out of employ
ment and drinking foiisome time. Lately
he had become very despondent, and it is
believed that he was insane at the time
he took the poison.
The deceased left a widow and three
children in poor circumstances. An in
quest will be held this afternoon at 1
o'clock.
Ocean Vi^w Republicans.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Ocean
View Republican Club was held Wednes
day evening. President H. E. Griffith pre
siding. The club has been in existence
over two years and is preparing to take
an active part in the coming primaries.
Speeches were made by President H. E.
Griffith, A. F. Roberts, E. H. Casserly,
F. L. Griffith and others.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
\ Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. •
Ths Mission Lyceum.
On the last evening of May there will
be an entertainment and dance in Ex
celsior Hall in the Mission district under
the auspices of the Mission Lyceum.
A Work of Art.
The new book, "Wonderland," just issued by
the Northern Pacific Ry. Co., is the prettiest
publication issued by any railway company this
year. It is full of beautiful half-tone illustra
tions, and contains besides a well-written de
scription of a trip taken over this finely equip
ped line, including a trip through the wonder
ful Yellowstone Park. Send 8c in» stamps and
it will be mailed to you. T. K. Stateler. Gen.
Agt., 63S Market st., San Francisco.
Ask for Allen's Foot-Ease,
A powder to shake Into your shoes. It rests
the feet and makes walking easy. Cures Corns
and Bunions, Swollen. Callous and Sweating
feet. Sold by all druggists and shoe stores, 25c.
Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Address Allen S.
Olmsted, Le Roy. N. Y.
No well-regulated household should be with
out Dr. J. G. B. Siegert & Sons' Angostura
Bitters, unequaled as an appetizer.
I ;; IRON FOUNDERS.
I Western Foundry. Morton S Hedley. Prop*
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De«
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
~~ LIQUORS. " V
OUDOLD WHISKEY, gallon $1.50 ■ case, $6 00
0. P. 8. PONY, do. $2.50; ease $10 00
L. CAHEN 4 SON, 418 Sacramento St., 8. T.
NO BETTER ON EARTH &a r n a che M X'. c
Comanche Ochre Co.. 203 Front; tel. Jessie 1998.
, PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE PUlp AND paper 00 --
YTILLMmUIC 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTINO.
EC HITITHPQ PRINTER.
• W- lltlllllLOisn Sansome street.
THF HICKS- limn fft Printers. Book-
-IIIC lIIWR3JLHU WU-, binders. 23 First st.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te S a phic PARTRIDGE &,{?»_;
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC. ~~~
TI IJNIV? i; ' : QWirtera for fine Jewelry and
• Ltnill, 18 . . wedding Rings. 43d st
WHITt A«H STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at It.
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES
,'s tbe Beet Coal in the Market.
i ::'' Office and Yards— 4so Mala Stre«U-BIG CHECKS PROMISED
FOR THE DEWEY STATUE
TK committee having in charge the Dewey statue promises to have
some important and gratifying announcements to make to-day. Yester
day the members were actively at work, and several surprisingly large
subscription* were promised. Checks for the amounts are expected to
flay, and then the names of the subscribers and the amounts will be
made public.
H&yor Phelan personally saw several pentlemen during the day. and late
in trie afternoon expressed himself as highly pleased with the result of his
conferences. Other members of the committee informed the Mayor that they
lad met With equal encouragement. The address to the public will not be
ps-ued until to-day, as the sub-committee having charge of its preparation
n not completed the draft of it yesterday. The address appeals to the
patriotism of every man, woman and child in the State. All the local news
papers have been visited and have consented to receive subscriptions to. the
fund as soon :is the committee announ<v« that it Is ready to receive general
contributions.
The sub-committee on design has already begun work. The members are
all gentlemen of tine artistic tastes, and knowing in advance just how much
will have to spend for the monument they are prepared to proceed with
th« work wit bout delay. The Lick statuary In front Of the City Hall cost
100.000, the limit tixed for the Dewey monument, while the monument to
tt Key in Golden Gate Park cost $60,000. The committee is satts
■d that it can erect a monument to Admiral Dewey vastly more beautiful
and Imposing than the Lick statuary.
The Question of location promises to be the great bone of contention.
Communications are pouring in upon the committee offering suggestions on
that point, and even the members themselves are divided In opinion as to the
most avaih, i.l. site. Fortunately, this Is one of the last matters to be de
cided, bo the committee will have ample time to carefully consider the
merits of all the proposed sites before making its selection.
To-morrow the general committee will hold another meeting at Mayor
Phelan's private office, and the members expect to be able to make some
flattering reports.
DAN O'CONNELL'S
WIDOW DIES OF
A BROKEN HEART
Passes Away at Her
Sausalito Home.
FOUR RELATIVES PRESENT
END HASTENED BY PARALYSIS
OF THE BRAIN.
Arrangements for the Funeral Not
Completed, but the Interment
Will Be at Calvary
Cemetery.
r physician says that she died of
Lin and nerve (.enters,
• r friends know better. A hruken
• d her to follow her husband
to the grave."
.Mr.-. Dan O'Connell. widow of the late
Bohemian, bon vivant and all
<l fellow whose demise pro-
BO deep a gloom a few weeks ago
in the circles where he was host known,
has followed her beloved husband to the
misty beyond. It was an intimate friend
< ! f the family who sadly shook his head
and uttered the conviction that the cause
broken heart.
led by as many relative? as
reach her Bide on 1-arning the news
r critical condition, Mrs. O'Connell
■: away at 5:16 o'clock yesterday
it Laurel Lodge, the family
In Sausalito. She has been in
ilth ever since the death of her be
loved husband, her grief being the kind
the more Beverely on the body
■ fii la no relief in outward
tlon. Paralysis of the brain
finally developed and the end was not
In coming. Dr. Jerome Hugnes was
•''■ ln;T: ago, but medical
skill proved unavailing.
At her bedside when the fatf-ful mo
ment cam.- were three of her daughters
i Bist( r. Mrs. Ida Eddy of Loa An
who has attended her aa nurse
:i Of the pof-t. Her 808
Charles i? at Angels Camp and another
son. Reginald, at St. Mary's college
Oakland. Her two little* daughters"
ildine, are attending Notre
l>am>- College at Ban Jose.
T1 >- was aged forty-two years
The funeral services will probably be
n.-ld at Sausalito to-morrow, and the
interment will be at Calvary Cemetery
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
301 Seventh Mreet, corner Mission. Salt
watc ■ ran.
Washington Council Excursion.
The committee in charge have about
completed arrangements for the annual i
WILL MARRY IN
MONTH OF ROSES
E. S. EIRDSALL and MISS MAEEL BLAIR, to Be WecHei
on June 7.
THE engagement is announced an<i cards are out for the wedding of Em
.st Stratton Birdsall and Miss Mabel Blair, two of the most promi
nent and popular members of the younger set in Sacramento's society.
The ceremony is to be performed at St. John's Church in Sacramento
On Wednesday, June 7. The Rev. C. M. Meil will officiate. Both the con
tracting parties have a. host of friends in this city and in Oakland. Mr.
Birdsall is a graduate of the University of California and is at present
making his residence in this city. Hfl In the younger son of Frederick Blrd
sail, the millionaire- banker and ranch owner of the capital city, and has
brilliant prospects before him.
Miss Blair, the acknowledged be!l» of her set. is the daughter of John
Blair, a Sacramento capitalist who has wielded an immense influence in Cal
ifornia finance during the last twenty years. The ceremony is to be one
of the swellest Church weddings that Sacramento will have seen. Miss
Blair's maid of honor will be Miss Maud Lillian Ashley and the
bride's maids Miss Janf>ttf Birdsall, Miss Bess Rowel) of this city. Miss
Florence Williams and Miss Carilee Wilsoy. Fred W. Blanchard will act
■ t man. and the ush.-rs will be James Ely, U hitak'T Ray, Ur. Je
rome C. Carrol and William Frazer Quinton of Sacramento.
♦♦ ++++++>+ ++™ ™ T ? 1 1 1 > ♦.^ ? W ftiit
excursion and picnic of Washington Coun
cil No. 4. Y. M. 1., to Mirabel Park Thurs
day, June 22, and everything points to a
must successful outing. The following are
the members of the committee: J. J
Bernhard (chairman). J. K. Callaghan J
J. Duddy. Dr. C. A. Glover, T. B. Hillard
John H. Behn, T. M. Scary and V J.
Paris.
CHOSEN FRIENDS' DAY.
Preparations for the Celebration of
Twentieth Anniversary of Foun
dation of the Order.
During the latter part of the current
month the various councils of the Order
of Chosen Friends will celebrate the
twentieth anniversary of the foundation
of the order by public entertainments in
different cities. In consequence of in
ability to obtain suitable places for hold
lr.g meetings on the same evening, the
celebrations will be held on different
dates. In this city the several councils'
will give a literary and musical entertain
! ment. to be followed by a dance, in Odd
: Fellows' Assembly Hall, in the Odd Fel-
Ipwa building, on the 29th of the month.
In Los Angeles the celebration will be on
the 22d. and W. H. Savage, the grand
councilor, will preside. In Sacramento
, it will be held on the 23d in the Pavilion,
and Past Grand Councilor T. H. Selvege
will preside. At San Jose Supreme Vice
Councilor H. W. Hutton will be the ora
tor at the meeting to be held there in
Turn Verein Hall. In Oakland the cele
bration will be on the 2rtth. when there
will during the day be a picnic at Blair
Park, and in the evening there will be
musical and literary exercises in Cali
fornia Hall. At Angels Camp there will
[ be a picnic under the auspices of the
1 local council, and at Eureka. Humbolrlt
County, the several councils of the county
1 will hold a joint celebration in the new
pavilion, which has a capacity for 4000
. persons. A letter received from Star
Council, which has arranged for the cele
bration, asserts that from the demands!
for invitations for the event that will be
held on the 26th the Pavilion will be filled
to its capacity.
Mayor James D. Phelan has been in
vited to address the audience on the even
ing of the celebration in this city.
C. F. A. Officers Elected.
Robin Hood Circle »f the Companions of
the Forest of America has elected the
following officers for the ensuing term:
Mrs. Lizzie At wood. P. C. C. : Mrs. C. O.
Miller. C. G.: Mrs. L. yon Puttkammer.
S. C. C; Miss Alice Ticoulet, R. S. : Miss
Mamie Schoen. F. B.; Mrs. M. Ticoulet.
T.; Mrs. L. Lane, R. G.: Miss L. Cantro
with. L. G. ; Mrs. M. Dove, I. G. ; Mrs. B.
Lezinsky. O. G. ; Miss Mamie Backuss, O. ;
Mrs. H." Hudson, trustee.
Palo Alto Circle <>f the same order has
elected the following named as its offi
cers: Miss Bella Rapheld. P. C. C: Miss
farrie Harris. C. C. ; Miss Belle Pink«on.
8. C. '\; Miss Hose Kaspar. K. S. ; Mrs.
Mary Jacobs. T. : Maurice Raiilu-M. F. 3.;
Miss Leah Elberg, L. G.; Miss Kittle
Aaron. I. G. ; J. Meyer. O. G. ; Miss Emma
Schultz. (>.: Herman Leder. trustee.
Furniture, pianos and freight moved. Sig
nal Transfer Co.. 53A Jfrips: tel. -Sinter 441.
Contest Carter's Will.
William G. Black and Stephen Collins,
nephews of the late millionaire car
builder. Thomas Carter, filed a contest
yesterday to decedent's last will, alleging
that th>' will was >>xe< uted while the de-
I was under the undue influence of
Martin Carter, a brother. It la also paid
that the deceased suffered from a can
cer of the throat, and it was while in this
condition that the undue influence was
exercised, and as Martin Carter was not
fond of the contestants they were disin
herited. Hence the contestants ask that ,
the will be set aside for the reasons
named and the estate distributed accord
ing to law.
$150 cash will pay for a fine piano at
Mauvais', 769 Market street. *
> A. A. A * * _ i A. i. A A * i i A A
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 25, 1899.
SPAULDING'S SHORTAGE
IS RATED AT $7500
The Fireman's Fund Cashier Was Considered
Exemplary, and His Defalcation Remains a
Mystery— Has He Committed Suicide ?
A Curiosity of Human Nature.
Detectives Employed.
THE amount of money stolen by
E. W. Spaulding, the abscond
ing assistant cashier of the Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company,
is reported by the finance com
mittee to be $7500. The story of the
embezzlement and flight published ex
clusively in The Call yesterday caused
commotion among bankers and insur
ance agents. Men who knew Spauld
ing and were familiar with his habits
of daily life expressed the greatest
surprise over the story of his crooked
ness. He was regarded as an exemp
lary young man who never went to
the races or sought the companionship
of the gay and dissolute. He seemed
devotedly attached to his family, and
when his daily work in the office was
finished went directly to his home in
Oakland.
One of the leading officers of the com
pany made this remark yesterday:
"I was astonished when I read in The
Call to-day that Ed Spaulding had
gone wrong. If I had been called upon
to select from the fifty or sixty young
men in the office the one least likely
to go wrong, I believe I would have se
lected Spaulding."
There was a meeting of .the directors
of the Fireman's Fund yesteiday after
noon in the oliice of L>. J. ritapiea,
picMUtiu of the institution. Figures
of ihe expert accountants were re
viewed, i. he fact was disclosed that
Bpauiding'B career of crookedness be
gan about one year ago. After the di
lectoih' meeting dissolved, .^resident
biu-ples, '.treasurer F. W. Lougee a.nd
juii.. uui lmii 01 me ilnancc ci>«i«»niuec.
itjt-eivtu ihe newspaper rtpicoehia
c.. v.o. ilk.-f b e».nci.»en announced
mat the ixact bum or money ehibcz-.
zied was $ii>\A). The crooked work cov
ered a period of one year, ■ bmaii sunis
were not touched, 'ihe stealing was
accomplished Dy a faisincation 01
checK accounts. The smallest amount
taken at any one time was |sou. All.
L.ougee, treasurer of the institution,
was confident that the amount sioien
by the absconding assistant cashier
was not in excess of $7500.- He said
that ail the transactions had been care
tuiiy checked and that. the sum named
was the exact figure of the embezzle
ment. .; .iVw!;-::-/:,'--*^^.'-- L"&. <',*"-. :
In speaking of the affair yesterday,
the onicers or the institution spuivc vi
the money loss as trivial in comparison
with the legitimate losses which the
company sustained In its vast opera
tions of insurance. While President
biaples and his associates deemed the ',
loss small, yet they resolved in the m-
I teiesi of public Justice, 10 take prompt
] measures to ascertain the whereabouts
of the defaulter, and bring him to an
accounting for his wrong-doing. De
-1 tectives have, therefore, been en
; gaged to trace Spauldlng's movements
11. m the time he left the office for his
vacation. Much sympathy was ex
; pleased for the parents and wife or the
i fugitive.
It transpires that Assistant Cashier
i Spaulding told his wife and his father
I on the eve of his vacation that he was
i going on the road for the Fireman's
! Fund and intended to visit Portland.
{ The first incident to arouse suspicion
lof crookedness was a message from
| young Snaulding's wife to Vice Presi
j dent Faymonville asking when her
! husband would return. The fact was
i then, or subsequently, disclosed
that Spauldlng had told his wife that
he was going to Portland In the inter
est of the company.
The real cashier of the Fireman's
Fund is Thomas M. Gardiner. Insur
' a nee men were dazed when they heard
j that ihere had been an embezzlement
• of $7500 in a department under the su
pervision of Mr. Gardiner. The fact
was taken into account that Spaulding
j had handled the funds under Charles
jS. Woods, the old-time cashier, and
was familiar with the business of the
j department. Still it could not be un
| derstood how he managed to deceive
i the accomplished accountant, Tom Gar
, diner.
! Insurance men were also surprised
I to learn that the experts in the office
of the Fireman's Fund had checked
up all the agency accounts since the
defalcation was discovered, and were
able to show (hat only $7500 had been
stolen by Spaulding.
One insurance man remarked:
"The Fireman's Fund is represented
in the United States by nearly two
thousand agencies. The company trans
acts a business of two million dollars
annually. I cannot understand how ail
these agency accounts have been
checked up since last Monday."
There ar^ various conjectures re
garding the whereabouts of the an-
Bcondlng Spaulding. He left his watcli
and jewelry at horn**: when' he went
away, but it is surmised that he lert
these valuable articles to create the
suspicion that he intended to commit
suicide.
Some of thr; officers of the company
fancy that he got aboard one of tiie
transports" and sailed for Manila. Oth
ers 'ieve that he went to .South
America. The notion that he enlisted,
in the army <inder an assumed name
flr<is some adherents.
The op l - 1 '- Is almost universal
that Spa nlding did not spend his money
in gambling, drinking or at the race
course or in the company of dissolute
people, hence there is an impression
that he must have plunged a little In
stock speculations. .
DID HE BUY A GOLD BRICK?
I Theory Thet Spaulding Was
E : unk.oed in a Fraudulent
Speculation.
OAKLAND. May 24. — Was Cashier
■ SpauMinp betrayed into buying a gold
• brick? This thoory has been advanced by
' some of the young man's friends and
there is good foundation for their belief.
Tin- story of the defalcation and ab
] sconding of Edward F. Spaulding, pub
lished exclusively in 10-day's Call, fell as
a thunderclap in this city, where the
' Spauldlng family has b«?en known and
j honored for a generation. The default
ers father was Mayor of Oakland many
years ago and his brother was secretary
of the Board of Public Works.
1 Even in spite of President Staples' ac-
I knowledgment of the shortage there are :
| many who refuse to believe that young j
| Spaulding has done anything wrong, j
] Everybody has a good word for him and
bstl loss to account for any cause that
could have induced him to misappropriate
the money of the Fireman's Fund Com
pany.
If Cashier Spaulding spent the money
he is alleged to havt stolen before he j
took his flight he nab squandered It in i
San Francisco, for there is not the least '
indication that he was spending more j
than his income in this city. Neither
was he absent from his home for any
periods that might cause suspicion. His
wife declares her entire Ignorance of any-
I thing connected with her husband's
I wrong-doing and no one doubts her story.
1 In Spaulding's preparation for flight he
j did not take his wlio or his father into j
: his confidence and both are equally at a J
loss to account for his disappearance.
There is a general belief that Spaulding
; whs induced to speculate In a gold brick
; and that he may have taken the money
I expecting to double it and replace it in
> the company's treasury. In no other man-
I ncr can the money be accounted for.
bpauiding was never seen at the race
track and was never known to wager a
dollar.
Last January Dr. George C. Pardee, in
! conversation with a Call reporter, said
he had heard It whispered several times
i that a well-known man had been a victim
, of the gold brick fraud to the extent of
! $6000. The doctor had not learned any of j
| the details, but said the story seemed to
I be accepted as a fact. To-night Dr. Par
{ dee wns asked If he had heard any more
i of the incident, and he said that he had
j heard it mentioned since, but only in
! directly. The story was common talk
j among the commuters on the ferry-boats
: that it was one of their number, and j
i Spaulding was a commuter at that time,
returning from the insurance office every
evening to his home on Webster street.
Spaulding was a young man of unusual 1
! talent and progressive methods. He en- |
tired the office of the Fireman's Fund !
( many years a«n, and was advanced over I
■ the heads of many other clerks because j
!of his efficiency. He has never given any !
i one cause to suspect that he was leading
i the life which he must have been doing
! to squander the money that is reported as
1 missing.
Mrs. K. F. Spaulding is with her slster
j in-law. Mrs. X. W. Spaulding, at the
i latter's homo on Eighteenth street. For;
over a week she has been expecting the i
return of lier husband, but has heard j
! nothing of him since he left Oakland on
May 6.
■'1 am quite at a loss to account for Mr. j
i Spauiding's absence," said the cashier's i
wife tp-day. "He loft home two weeks j
ago last Saturday, and ' told me that he:
was going to Portland on business for the i
company. He was to have returned in a I
few days, and then we were both to have i
■ gone off on " vacation, lit- did not re- j
: turn and I have heard nothing of him
since. I will never believe he is guilty of !
'. any wrongdoing. There must be some
: great mistake somewhere. Some accident !
must have happened, or he would have !
rt-turned over a week ago. I do not know
where he is. but I feel sure that every
thing will soon be cleared up."
Mrs. Spaulding is quite sick, and her
: two little children are also ailing and
! constantly calling for papa.
The aged parents of the missing cashier
are heartbroken over their son's down
j fall. They will not be consoled by friends, ,
i who have extended sympathy and hopes,
. and they fear for the worst. The father, j
| N. \V. Spaulding, fears that his son has
: committed suicide.
"Two weeks ago last Saturday my son
: made an engagement with me by tele
: phone for luncheon in San Francisco."
I said Mr. Spaulding. ''When I called at
the office h»- had changed his mind. He
told me that it was Impossible for him |
to £«M away for lunch just then, because I
\ he was working on his books at the time, j
] and Inasmuch as ho was going on his |
: vacation in a few days ho wished to have
; his books in such shape mat it would be
easier for Mr. Gardner to take up the
■ work where he left off.
"On this occasion Ed betrayed no rest
lessness and seemed perfectly composed.
I excused him and I thought no more
about it. An hour later he left the of
ficp and he has not been seen since.
"On the following Wednesday my
daughter-in-law called on me very much
alarmed and Informed me that her hus
' band had gone to Portland, Or., on the
previous Saturday, but had not written
since his departure. She was in great
44-4+4-4444-4- ++++ + + + +'+ +++++++ + + + 4 4 + V
: ARE YOU £*. _'" I
: A WOMAN? \\4 i I
4. Are you a woman, with a woman's ills, jiff Wl{\^\m *
. with a woman's nerves, with her pains and ((//L rJ _--r«S§>\\\ %J ■♦"
**■ her mental and physical misery? Are you a TfTTV^f Wl\ \ 4-
+ woman? Then I appeal to you. , S^^r^ l^^?^ \ 4-
-- There is relief from periodical backaches, W lTj*"^ i \ T^
a headaches and nervousness. There is strength \ .^j^^'3H»'' ; "*"
and health for you In my simple method. ' fTi I "'''t^* 4 THf|' /4-
-"♦" (on't take any more drugs. They only stlmu- I. li| \ /iWSf ' / 4.
4- late fora day. You. must restore the strength 1/ I \ V '] V I f^j / ''
4. and then nature can cure you. How to do this Jjj \M \ /(' / "♦■
1 I explain In my book. V 'liA s^ yi^L +
t "MAIDEN, WIFE AND MOTHER," S^^M t
! ■*" ■ Which If free upon application. I have found that 1 '^f- \ ' ' ZiZS&F"'' •• ' I 4"
•4. my now famous Electric Belt is as good for women )■* V^V^S- \ 4-
as fT men During the past three years hundreds of / / •», Vl'kCS^^ y/ \ ~
\4- women have regained the full vigor of healthy woman- /I - (iftnMt-^fl \ 4-
a > hcod by Its use. Road this letter from a grateful // • - » iK " \T T I 1 V 4-
I "*" woman. / . \\\ \ I \
It A LADY'S REMARKABLE CURE. Jl ' \\\ \\\ £
I♦■ GUANDVIEW, SAN JOSE P.O.', Jan 12, 1599. i ; }\' A■!. , I "*"
i 4. DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN— near Sir: I Write you I, II i I ! 111 4"
a few lines to thank you for the great benefit I have j' || »| '«j • U II «•■'- '-•"".*.'
4" derive" 1 , from your Belt. In truth, . lam surprised at 111- 7/ \ " jf; - I 1. ■ . T
a myself to think that after nine years of miserable suf- j 1 | 1 1 i ▼
ferlng 1 can say that lam ■ strong and well after I I ! I ttlj, 1 . I 4
4 ' three months' use. of your Belt. When I called at I If f 1 . m ▲
your office I was then a hopeless wreck, suffering from / . . ; I. •.«, B . ▼
4- pains In my back and right side. ■; My stomach was so I I || • 111 ' 4>
a : ■ weak that I was unable to- retain any. food In any J ' I' •"] |||' »'
i * way any longer than one ' hour.' Then I would vomit  ■ V ' 4 1
14. and be - exhausted. I suffered ■ from Irregularity of my menses, from falling of the 4
, womb ' and constipation, the complication of which caused my nervous * troubles, .so ' :
4 that I could not sleep at night. ; lam sure that If I , were; to go Into your office you. 4
a and your assistants would not recognize the \ lady . who called on you about three .4,
"*■ months. ago, as lam a great deal heavier than 1 was at that; time and I look many ~
4 years younger than I really am. I cannot : find words to express my gratefulness to 4
you and all who assist you. in this great work of helping humanity, and write this »'
4- .In the hop« that 1 may benefit some suffering sister who may have lost all hope of "*
a' sharing the pleasures of this world. With best wishes for your continued success,' I 4
"♦" " remain yours gratefully. MRS. A. N. STOREY.
♦ WARMING, SOOTHING VIGOR. I
My Electric Belt will pour a gentle, • glowing warmth Into your nerves, soothing .4
4- and quieting them, assisting, the circulation and building up a vigorous action of all
a the organs. You will feel better at once, and health will soon be yours. ' ♦
■*" . Call and. examine this famous Bolt at my office free lof charge. Let me explain +
4 ; to you Its wonderful effects. You can test it free. If you cannot call send for. tlie .•
book free. +
: dr. h. a. Mclaughlin, ■ «„„ «,„ mr ■ ; •■■■•■■■ *
t UUi lU# A » UM.iJijn.uyji.xuiix, send won my book, \L
+ 702 Market St., cor. Kearny. S. F. "maiden, wife and moth en" +
4- And Cor. Spring and Second Sts., Los Angeles, . - ■ -'.-->• T
.. Office Hours— a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays. IT 19 MAILED FREE* 4.
■f 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. . " ; T^
distress, for when Ed left his home he
had told her that he had to go to Port
land and would return by Wednesday
morning, and for her to have the things
all packed and ready, so the fai.illy could
leave on the same day for Madrone
Springs for the usual summer outing. Be
fore Ed left she had packed his small va
lise with such underwear and articles as
he might need on his trip north, but he
had removed the articles, taking only the
valise with him. Moreover he had
stripped himself of all jewelry. His gold
waten and even his scarf pin are now
lying in the bureau drawer at his home.
"This whole matter weighs very heav
ily upon me and his mother, for we
haven't an inkling as to his whereabouts.
As a son Ed was always very correct.
When 1 gave him a $fj piece it always
went further than it would with the
others. He never gambled; never at
tended a horse race that I know of. and
if he had speculated I should have heard
of it. As a husband and father he has
always been kind and faithful. From his
office he usually would come directly to
his home, and if he went out evenings
his wife was with him.
"What he could have done with the
money charged to his shortage Is a mys
tery to me, and I cannot understand how
any such shortage could occur anyway,
since he always settled up his accounts
with the cashier each evening. If he had
been withholding anything it certainly
would have been detected sooner.
"Being his father, I naturally doubt it
all. but of course where there is such a
clew as they claim, there must be some
thing in it; but if he did it. then what
on earth could he have done with all this
money?
"A gold brick? Why. no. Ed could not
have been imposed upon that way. He
was too clever a young .man to have been
led to part with money on such a propo
sition. Yet. where did the money go?
"I have feared that perhaps Ed, real
izing his shortage, has committed sui
cide. Yes, that may be the solution of
his absence, and yet it would not be his
nature. Well, I do not know what to
think."
THE LOYAL LEGION
ELECTS ITS OFFICERS
ANNUAL MEETING HELD AT
THE OCCIDENTAL.
The Loyal Legion held its annual meet
ing and election of officers last evening at
the Occidental Hotel. Pursuant to the
nominations made at the meeting of the
California Commandery on March 13 the
following officers were elected for the
ensuing year:
For commander. Rear Admiral John Crtt
tenden \Vat<="n, v, S. Navy; for senior vice
commander, Brevet Colonel William Russell
Pnrnell, I*. S. Army; for Junior vice com
mander. Brevet Major Ernst August Denlcke,
I*. S. Volunteers; for recorder. Brevet Lieu
tenant Colonel William Renwiok Smedberg, U.
P. Army: for repii'trar, Major Henry Thomas
Lee, U. S. Volunteers; for treasurer, Captain
Charles Mason Kinne, V. S. Volunteers; for
chancellor. Major Myles Moylan, V. S. Army;
for chaplain, Rev. William Anxus Hamilton (in
succession): for the council— Captain Charles
Allen Sumner, I. S. Volunteer?; Captain Pat
rick Francis Walsh, l\ S. Volunteers; Major
Willlnm Hawley, U. B. Army; Brevet Lieuten
ant Colonel Jesse Beech Fuller. I". S. Volun
teers; Captain Juhn Charles Currier, U. S. Vol
unteers.
The following were elected to member
ship: Lieutenant Colonel James F. Rand
lett, U. S. A.; Major John L. Tiernon,
First United States Artillery; Major Leo
pold O. Parker, Twenty-second Infantry;
Captain H. J. Reilly. Fifth Infantry; Cap
tain Charles Humphreys, Third Artillery;
Captain S. A. Burnap, Ohio Light Infan
try: Captain E. R Timohy, Fifteenth In
fantry: lieutenant R. Lancaster. First
Missouri Engineers; Lieutenant Henry
Lochte, First Texas Cavalry; Lieutenant
W. R. Savage, First California Cavalry;
Ensign N. H. Conklin, V. S. N. ; Charles
C. W aite, Lieutenant Commander George
P. Colvocorcsses, I*. S. N. ; Ensign Yates
Stirling. V. S. N.; William Ragan Jr., U.
S. A.; Franklin Jordan Jr., U. S. N.
The election of officers did not consume
all of the evening. A dainty banquet was
spread in the hotel cafe, and there were
a dozen and more giu-sts from all quar
ters of the world to tell of their experi
ences during the late war and the present
affair in the Philippines.
ADVBTISEMEiTxS.
"Something
Doing"
At 12 o'clock
TO-DAY
At 10 Montgomery s'reet, 75 Superb Residence and
Business Lots will be sold
At Auction:
Have you seen them ? If not, it will certainly pay you
to do so at once. We have done our part and
Glen Park Terrace
Is ready for the builder. Streets and lots all in shape
Everything done but to fix the prices. You are to do
that. The terms are only \ cash.
Take the San Mateo electric cars (Mission and
Va'encia transfer at Fourteenth) and ride to the park en-
trance — there's where the lots are situated — and they
are^eauties. Remember, you must see the property
and be at 10 Montgomery street at 12 o'clock to-day.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Auctioneers, 1O Montgomery Street.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Green 861.
THIS EVENING.
Gorgeous Revival of Strauss' Delightful Opera,
THE
GYPSY-
BARON
NEXT WEEK— time here, of the great
New York Casino success,
"THE PRINCESS NICOTINE." ,
Reserved Seats. 25c and 50c; Gallery, 15c.
Branch Box Office. Emporium Building, Just
Inside Main Entrance.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE SENSATION OF THE DAY.
MOUING TOON
MOUNG CHET,
THE BURMESE WONDERS.
MONTGOMERY AND STONE,
Blackface Comedians
BILLY VAN, Famous Monologist.
THE DONOVANS, Irish Comedians.
AND 15 ALL-STAR ARTISTS.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR™?
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
MR. NAT. C. GOODWIN'S
Greatest Comedy-Drama Success,
IN MIZZOURA.
PRICES. ..... .^JSc, 25c, 35c, 59c
* MONDAY. MAY 29.
The Distinguished Actor,
AIR. LEVA/IS MORRISON,
In an Elaborate Production of
"HAMLET."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng Proprietor and Mgr.
LAST TIMES OF
De Koven and Smith's New Comic
Opera, in Three Acts,
"AS CONFUCIUS SAYS!"
"A CHANGED MAN!" . •
SEE
THE FEAST OF THE LANTERNS.
THE UMBRELLA DANCE.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
NEXT MONDAY— 'THE MASCOT."
Popular Prices....'. . ....;. ..-.-.. .25c and 50c
.---•"■ Telephone . Bush 9.
CJJUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY* AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
TO-NIGHT,
AMATEUR MINSTRELS,
WITH LADY PARTICIPANTS.
Reserve Seats ,by Phone, . Sterner ISSI. .
Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZE.
SATURDAY— A PRESENT FOR EVERY
CHILD .VISITING, THE CHUTES I
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA fe
BIGGEST SUCCESS of the YEAR.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK,
Every eve., except Sunday— Mat. Sat. only.
extra!
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE
NEXT TUESDAY,
DBOORA-nON DAY.
HERBERT EFFIE
KELCEY-SHANNDN
Presenting the great American play,
"MOTH&FIAME
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
CONCERTS AND KESORTS.
ALASKA RAPID TRANSIT CO.
GENUINE.
Ice Toboggan Grounds.
• Equal to the best Winter Club Grounds la
the Eastern States or Canada.
REAL ICE.
Will Open FRIDAY, May 26, at 5 P. 31.
First 10 Days No Admission Fee.
DOLORES AND 25TH STREETS.
FAREWELL PIANOFORTE RECITAL
By MASTER IRWIN EVELETH
HASSELL.
Assisted by the PRESS CLUB QUARTET.
THURSDAY, MAY 25. 8 p. m..
At SHERMAN-CLAY HALL, 223 SUTTER ST.
Tickets (Including reserved seats) $1, for sale
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music Store, com-
mencing Saturday, May 20.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL,
223 Sutter St.
TWO CHAMBER CONCERTS ONLY
KNEISEL QUARTET of Boston.
FRIDAY EVENING, May 26. at 8:15. and SAT-
URDAY AFTERNOON. May 27, at
3 o'clock.
PRICES $1 50 and $1 00
Seats now on sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'*.
IjdLLIW GREAT REALISTIC
_ WAR PANORAMA! .
OT Prof - W - °- ROLLINS,
v<r .„;•;■■ the eminent orator,
■ * • | lectures half hourly.
IVISniIQ Market st.. nr. Eighth.
Admission 50c.
Bay! «_**»__
tSUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, Including admission. 25c: Children. 20c.
DR.JTCNULTY.
H^HIS WELL-KNOW^ AND RELIABLE OLD
i Specialist cum Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi Men only. Boole on Private Diseases and
i Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 2oy'r*' experience.'
Pfttlentscuiedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to dally ; 6.3o to 8:30 p v 'f»s. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddrefls
P. ROSCOE SIcISULT-ir. M.D.
20', Konrny St., San Francisco. Cal.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; ■• gives health and
■trecjcth to sexual organs. Depot, 823 Mark**.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SFMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Sterling exchange firm.
Mexican dollars necleoted.
Wheat futures firmer.
Barley and Corn lower
Oats and Rye unchanged.
Ruinous prices for new Hay.
Bran and Middlings easy.
Beajis 1 unchanged.
Potatoes about cut. new steady,
onions and Vegetables about the same.
Poultry firm.
Eggs doing better.
Hutter steady and Cheese weak.
Pears appeared from the river.
Canners bidding $56 for fine Apricots.
Cherries weaker. Stir, wherries firmer,
curus i'ruits unchanged.
Provisions in good demand.
Meat market unchanged.
OUR EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
The New York circular of Henry ''lows says:
I! dile that, from this time for
ward, one Important 'bull' element will be
>:-.iis than it h;)s been tor
many months past It was not to be ex-
I that the extraordinary excess of • 1
ivei Imports could be maintained In
tely. It has been due to exceptional
temporary conditions, both domestic and f'.r
pign, which are beginning to gradually dis
appear. The extraordinary business prosper
ity we .ire now experiencing has increased the
demand for both domestic and Imported prod
ucts; we therefore find the April returns 'f
■ tradi exhibiting a decrease of f11.000,
--■ ■: irts and an increase of $9,300,000 in
imports; the- result being that the balance for
that month is $20, ■ In "ur f;(\..r than
in the sau-e month of IS3B. The totals for the
two months. March an<i April, better exprrr=>
the extent of this reaction. For those two
tig of last year, the excess of exports
was $94,400,000, while for March and April.
was only $54,800,000; which
shows a falling off in th* creditor balance f
1 "■■' for the two months, or at the rate
1 per year. The probability Is
■hat. in \\f.v of the favor
able crop prospects In other countries. Ku
may want less grain from us than In
either of the past two years, and it now looks
as though we may have a smaller surplus for
than then; and if, under these changed
tions, the price of cereals should decline,
a decrease in the value of our grain • I
must be expected
THE MAGNATES OF WALL STREET.
11. nry Clews, the New York banker, thus
sea :
"Mr. Flower's sudden death simply made
a bargain-counter for the thousands of mil
lionaires and the hundreds of multi-million
aires to pick up securities cheap, and they
were quick and ready to take tin everything
In the way of good properties offered at the |
concessions which were made. Mr. Flower's
death removes a man from active lite who
was a factor in the development of this coun
try's resources and one whom all will miss;
but Wall street will Boon forget the shock and
the worst of it may certainly he considered
as over.
Th» Wall street market cannot, be meas
ured by any single man coming into exist
ence or going out of it. Mr. Flower was prob
ably worth " ll "." 1 "'. Think for a moment
of the vast money power which backs Wall
street and the business Interests of this coun
try which he leaves behind: John D. Rocke
feller, worth 000,000 : William, his broth
er. 1150.000,000; the Astors. $250,000,000; the
Vandorbilts, $400,000,000; Carnegie, $150,000,000;
the Coulds. $100,000,000; D. O. Mills, $40,000,000;
C V Huntlngton, $40,000,000, and a great
many others worth twice as much as what
Governor Flower possessed. I i?ive this array
of figures Of individual wealth to show how
insignificant the power of any one man Is as
compared with a combination of others. This
is an ate of combination, and Wall street is
now the market of the world for speculative
dealings and Investment transactions. The
Kreat wealth of Europe is more or less in and
out of this market in both classes of opera
tions. It was thought when A. T. Stewart
died there would he no one to take his place,
and behold the chance! If he should come
back now, there would be no place for him.
nor could he create one. When Commodore
Yanderrilt died the feeling was the same. So
it was when William H. Vanderbilt departed,
also Jay Gould and a host of others. None
of these are missed now in business affairs;
to the world £• ea on and will to the end."
IMPORTS OF GROCERIES.
Imports of staple srrooerie<: at this port dur
inc the first f.>ur months of the yar were as
I with the same time In 1S88:
fupar. 103,627,800 pounds, acainst 80,550,700;
Coffee, 11,925.000 pounds, against 10.504.500;
■unds. against 25,340.200; Tea,
1.457.100 pounds, atralnst ].;«<>. 4ofl.
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign imp'Tts at this p^rt for the first four
months of the year were $14,458,100, against
:w for tho same time in is:<\ the lead-
Ing sources being as follows: Japan. $3,437,350;
china. $2,548,500; Great Britain. $684,500; Ha
waiian Islands. $3.736.4''iV Central America,
British Columbia. $608,200; East In
i
WEATHER REPORT.
<120 th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, May 24, 1899, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
■eason and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0.16 33.04 32. S3
Red Bluff 0.32 20.32 14.71
Sacramento 0.04 14.10 10.15
San Francisco 0.10 16.10 9.13
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.94
San Luis Ohispo 0.00 • 16.46 7.14
Lps Angeles . 0.00 4.96 7.06
Pan Diego 0.00 4.96 4.'.M
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
56; minimum. 4S: mean. 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th" depression central this morning over
Nevada has moved slowly northward and now
overlies Montana. It has been attended with
showers from " San Francisco northward. Rain
is still falling at Red Bluff and northward and
a thunderstorm is reported at Kallspel. -, \
The temperature has fallen rapidly over Ne
vada and Northeastern California. Through
out California the temperatures are from
twelve to twenty-eight degrees below the nor
mal.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Idaho Falls, 23 miles per hour from
the south; Winnemucca.- 32. from the west.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hour*, ending at midnight. May 25:
Northern California— Showers early Thurs
day in the northern portion; fair elsewhere;
fresh westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; warm
er; fresh westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy and probably showers early
Thursday. »
Ttah— Cloudy; probably showers Thursday;
colder.
Arizona— Cloudy Thursday; cooler near
Phoenix.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Fair Thursday;
Warmer; fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER MeADIE. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 24. — Prices of stocks drift
a lower level to-day in the uncertain
nnd irregular manner which is characteristic
rf a dull nnd undecided market. The dullness
of The market Is entirely normal for this time
of thr- year when the fate of the coming crops
on which so much depends is Mill In the
balance. In present conditions the market still
has several favorable factors to contend with
In the first place there is evidently hanging
over it .-omc of the large holdings that were
tpken on for the purpose of averting a panic
ar.d which are offered for realizing purposes
certain point in any advance. In to
day's market also, it was rather obvious that
sOßie of the newly floated Industrials were
not having an easy time. This was especially
true for the various companies which were to
have been aggregated |n the projected great
<■!.•: . mblnation, the plan for which seems
•■ have been materially altered. American
Hoop, Tin Plats, Stead and Wire and National
Mer-1 w.-re all quite acutely affected, and in
the iat<> dealings Federal Steel and Colorado
Fuel also succumbed to attacks. The con
tinued ■ of Amalgamated Copper In
the outside market also gave evidence of tho
saturated state of the publii demand for new
irilusirial securities Added to th*se incidents
• akness, continued fears that ihc oom-
Ing crop would turn out badly, and the br-ars
had a good field for '("rations. There was very
Ifered to their manipulaiions.
but the operations were n»i \ery bold and
• a very large scale. The early strength
in Sugar served to deter them somewhat. The
failure of th" foreign wheat market after the
ie<ent holiday. «to be impressed with the fears
expressed in the domestic market regarding the
crops also had its influence In restricting the
operations Of the bears. The breßk In Sugar
however, and the persistent weakness of the
tteel stocks and the rally In wheat encour
aged a late attack on the market which was
directed principally against the so-called
(i'.iild Southwestern and Brooklyn Transit The
whole railroad list showed the effect of the
raid, but the grangers and Atchlson preferred
showed the best resistance. Net losses are the
rule, but in the railroads nrt> restricted to
fraction? except for a few cases. Sugar was
the leader In point of activity, and after cov
ering 3 points, closed 1% lower. The '] ,
st"cks and Anaconda were also notabl\ areak
the .atter on London selling, accompar. ■
a further decline in the price r Coppei
Air Brake lost 11H points. The demand for
railroad bonds continued active and the mar
ket was strong, many of the reorganization
4 xxr cents continuing to make new bl.-jh rec
ords. New issues* ■which are in course of dis-
I posal by underwriting syndicates and second
grade bonds are about all that have not been,
! put at prohibitive prices. Total sales $2,790,000. j
There Is a Rood investment demand for Govern- !
ment bonds, which are at record prices. The I
I 3s, the 5s and the old 4s registered advanced I
% in the bid price. (
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted !
to 391,063 shares, including: American Hoop,
6700; American Steel and Wire, -16,200; Ameri
can Sugar. 40,800; American Tin Plate. 11.100;
American Tobacco, 3000; Anaconda, 6200; Atchl
ron preferred. 32,000; Brooklyn Transit. 25.700;
Canadian Pacific, MOO; Burlington rights, 14.900;
Burlington. 13,500: Continental Tobacco, 6900;
federal Steel, 700; Louisville and Nashville,
3800; Manhattan Consolidated, 9000; Metropoli
tan, 3000; m. St. p. and S. S. M., 3000; Mis
fouri Pacific, 9000: National Steel. 6300; North
ern, Pacific, 11,400; .Pacific Mail. 3000; People's
Gas, 14,000; Rock Island. (900; St. Paul. 14.900;
Southern Pacific, 4800; Tennessee Coal and Iron,
4000; Union .Pacific, 7200; do preferred, 7200.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 17% St Paul 122%
Do prefd 53% Do prefd 169%
Baltimore & Ohio. 66% St 1' & Om 93
Canada Pacific iSVi' Do prefd 170
Canada Southern.. 52% So Railway 11%
| Cent' Pac -us, ■ Do prefd 60%
Ches & Ohio 25% Texas & Pacific... 18%
Chi & Alton 160 Union Pacific .... 41»,
Chi X A.- Q 129% Do prefd 74'
Chi &■ E 111 71 Wnbash 7%
Do prefd 121 Do prefd ID%
Chi G W 13% Wheel & L E new. 8?«
i Chi Ind & L 9 , Do prefd 24
Do prefd 89 ! Express Companies—
Chi & N W 151% Adams Ex 11l
Do prefd 192 American Ex 140
CCCi- St I. 51 United States .... 4S
Do prefd 34 Wells Fargo US
Del & Hudson 116% Miscellaneous—
Del L & W 167 A Cot Oil 34%
Den & Rio G 21%' Do prefd 90%
Do prefd 75% Amn Spirits 10%
! Erie new i2K Do prefd 324
Do Ist prefd 33% Am Tobacco 101%
Ft Wayne IS4 ' Do prefd 141
Gt Nor prefd 170 Cons Gas 180
Illinois Cent 112% Com Cable Co ....179
Lake Erie & W... 16 Col F ft Iron .... 44%
Do prefd 67% Do prefd 105
Lake Shore 20? Gen Electric 115V>
Louis a.- Nash 65V Haw Coml Co ...105 "
Manhattan L 109% Brooklyn R T ... 111*4
Met St Ry 224 |Intnl Paper 74'«
Mich Cent 113 I Do prefd BOH
Minn & St L ,7 Laclede. Gas SI
Do Ist prefd ....101 Lead 30
M Pacific 40% Do prefd 112
Mobile & Ohio .... 39 Fed Steel ,'s
Mo X & T 12 ! Do prefd 80
Do Prefd 32%|Nat Lin Oil 4%
N .1 f'entrul 11l Pacific Mall 48
N V Central 130T& People's Gas 117
N V Chi &St L.... 13 Pullman Pal ir.S
Do 181 prefd ....63 Silver Cert 61
Do 2d prefd .... JO Standard R ft T.. 7%
Nor West 19 Sugar 156%
No Amer Co 11% Do prefd 117
No Pacific 47 , T C & Iron 56%
Do prefd 75% D S Leather 8
Ontario ft \v 24% Do prefd 69%
Or R ft Nay prefd. 69% I" S Rubber 46%
Pa.- Coast Ist pfd 82% Do prefd 115
Do 2d prefd .... 55 .West Union 91%
Pittsburg IS4 Amn S & \V Co.. 60%
Reading 19% Do prefd 96
Do Ist prefd .... 54% Colo So 5%
R G W 33 | Do Ist prefd .... 45
Do prefd 76% Do 2d prefd .... 18
Rock Island 109% iPac Coast 38
St L ft S F 9% | Nor ft W prefd .. 67%
Do prefd 68% Glucose 69%
Do 2d prefd .... 35% con Tobacco 50
St L 4 S W 13 Do prefd S.I
Do prefd 31% National Steel 4*
So Pacific 31% i Do prefd 85%
CLOSING BONDS.
VS 2s reg 100 M X ft T 2ds 66%
do 3s \i\\ do 4s 95%
do coup 108% n v Cen lsts 114%
do new 4s reg 130 N .1 Cen g ,".s 120
do coup 130 'N Carolina 6s 127
do old 4s reg 112% do 4s 1"4
do coup IUW No I> c lsts pf 120
do 5s reg 112% do 3s 67%
do coup 112% do 4s 105"i
Dlst 3.65s IIS N VC & St L i 5.105%
Ala class A 11l Norf ft W con 45.. 96 '
do B 110 j do gen 6s 131
do c 100 Oregon Nay lsts.. lll ;
do currency 100 ' do 4s 104%
Atchison gen 45.. .102 Or Short Line 65.. 181%
do adj 4s 81% ' do con 5s 113 '
can So 2ds pf lUV Reading gen 45.... 87%
Ches & O 4'-s 94% G W !sts 99%
do Be 118% St L &- I M con os.lllU
c& N W con 75.. 143 I do gen 6s 125%
do s F deb 55. . .12214 St Paul con 168 :
Chi Term 4s 102 St PC ft P 15t5. .123%
D ft R G lsts 105% do 5s 123%
do 4s 102% So Railway 5s 11l
E T Va ft Ga 15t5. 105% S R & Twine 65... 86
Erie gen 4s 71% Term new set 35... S5
Ft Wft Den C Ist 86 Tex ft Pac lsts ...116%
Gen Electric 65... 120% do iMs 65% \
GH&S A6s 114 Union Pac is... 10Si,;
do 2ds 111% Wabash lsts 115%
H & T C 5s 113 | do 2ds 99%
do con 6s 112 West Shore 4f 114%
lowa Cen lsts 11l Wis Cen lsts ... 73*4
X c I' ft G lsts... 65 Va cent 85
La new con 4s 110% do deferred 6
L & N unified 45.. 99% Colo So 4s 87
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 28 Ontario 7 50
Crown Point a Ophlr 1 08
Con Cal & Va.... 170 Plymouth 10 j
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 00 i
Gould ft Curry 29 do pref 750 j
Hale ft Norcross.. 31 Sierra Nevada 77
Homestake 55 < •* 1 Standard 2 50 1
Iron Silver 53 Union-Con 42
Mexican ..' 45 Yellow Jacket .... 37
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 92
Call loans •. 3> 2 <34 do pref 116
Time loans 3%(&4% Westingh Elec 50
Stocks— . Wis Cen • 75
Atchison 17"i Bonds —
do pref 53% At. his,. n 4s 101%
Am Sugar 156% New Eng 6s 113%
do pref 47 Wis Cen Ist 7:;
Bell Tel 344 ; Mining shares—
Bost ft. Albany 260 1 Adventure 11
Boston Elevated.. Allouez Mining Co 3'/»
Bost & Maine 181% Atlantic 32".
C B & Q 129% Bost ft Mont 364
Ed Elec 111 200 ißutte ft Host 90
Fitchburg pref ...116 'Calumet ft Hecla..B3O 1
Gen Electric 116 Centennial 88
Fed Steel 56 Franklin 20 !
do pref SO Humboldt 2' 2 \
Mexican Cen 13 Osceola 85%
Michigan Tel 92% Parrott 62
NY ft N E pf....100 Qulncy I*l
Old Colony 209 Santa Fe Copper.. i:>" .
Old Dominion 41 7 Tamarack 230
Rubber 46 I WHiona 15 ;
Union Pac 41% I Wolverines 48%
Union Land 8% Utah Con 4:;'
CHICAGO.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 24.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was slack in the markets here to
day on the approaching settlement. The tone
was depressed. The feature was the slump of
Spanish fours to Gl l^ for the reasons men
tioned yesterday. Other foreign stocks were
sympathetically affected. Tintos were 4s'j 6 ;
Anacondas, 12: Utahs, B*4; Bostons, 2 7-16.
Americans opened flat and remained steady,
i later hardening slightly, but they were very
I idle. New York began firm, but in the street
was stagnant, and the closing was heavy. Ca
nadian Pacific weakened to upder par, but
Berlin and Amsterdam bought freely to 101%.
There Is some Continental demand for gold that
prevents arrivals from reaching the bank. The
day's session of the Exchange was preceded by
hearty singing of the national anthem, ac
companied by two cornets, one played by a
veteran member. The demonstration was in
honor of the Queen's birthday.
CLOSING.
LONDON, May Canadian Pacific, 108%;
Erie, 13; Northern Pacific preferred, 78%; Union
Pacific preferred, 77%; Grand Trunk, 8; Ana
conda, 12%; bar silver, steady, 2i> l ,*d per ounce;
money, IV4 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. May 24.— FLOUR -Receipts,
15,600; exports, 3454. Moderately active;
steady; closing firmer with wheat. Winter pat
! ents, $3 75&3 90; winter straights,* $3 50@3 60;
Minnesota patent, $3 M>@4 10. •
WHEAT— Receipts, 13,123; exports, 39,935.
SDot steady. No. 2 red, S3'4c; spot and to
I arrive, f.o.b. afloat; No. 2 red, So',ic elevator;
! No. 1 Northern Duluth. 84 Vie; f.o.b. afloat. Op
| tions opened steady with Chicago, but met
j selling orders that produced a sharp decline.
i Subsequent irregularity developed during the
late session into a strong advance based on
local covering and strength in the Southwest.
Crop news was very bad all day but generally
ignored. Export trade and clearances light.
The close was strong at Uf&Vic net advance;
May, »%©Bllp4c; closed 81Vjc; July, re*tO
79 13-16 c; closed 79% c; September closed 7S?i,c;
December, 7S*i@79T*c; closed 79»6c.
HOPS Steady. .•
HXDBS— Firm.
WOOL- Firm.
The metal market continues flat. News was
scarce and of an indifferent purport, with
prices opening firm and closed nominally un
changed. At the . close : the Metal Exchange
called:
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet at $1150.
1 LAKE COPPER— DuII at $18 60: nominal.
TlN— Dull, with $25 65 bid and $25 75 asked.
LEAD— Quiet but steady, with $4 43 bid and
$4 50 asked. The 'brokers' price for lead is
$4 23 and for Copper $1S 50.
SPELTER— Spot, unchanged.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet. Sales, S 250
bags, including May, $5 00; June, $5 00; Sep
tember, $5 2'); December, $5 60.
SPOT COFFEE— Rio dull; mild, quiet; about
steady.
SUGAR— firm; refined firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6906 packages. Steady.
Western creamery, 15^ 18c; factory, HVi@l3c
• EGGS— Receipts. 12,075 packages. « Firm.
State and Pennsylvania, 15^@16c; Western
16c; Southern, lift 13c
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, May 24.— California dried
fruits quiet and steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@Sc;
prime .wire tray, 8%@9%c; choice, S*i@9c
fancy. 9U<&9»ic.
PRUNES— *tt<f9V4c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 13%@14c; Moorpark
14^ 18c.
PEACHES — Unpeeled. 3V4@llKc; peeled
25<tf28c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. May 24.— Wheat news was bullish
from the start, but the bears made a concert
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THCTKBDAY, MAY 25, 1899.
effort to dislodge holdings and a' %c advance
scored at the opening was turned into a %c
oecline during the first two hours' : trading.
Crop damage reports began to pour . in from
every direction, accompanied ' by orders to buy.
In the scramble for offerings the bears bid
prices up rapidly. Reports of damage by rust
In Hungary caused a reaction and the market
. closed within a fraction of the top. July
; opened He higher at 74%@74%c. advanced. to
; 74%®74%c, declined to 73% c, advanced to 75%@
75ViC and closed at.75%c.
I Corn weakened early on country selling and
I favorable weather, but. turned strong- near the
t close in sympathy with the advance in wheat.
July advanced %c.
Heavy receipts and a poor cash demand were
against oats. July closed a shade lower. Sell
ing by packers owing to the large receipts of
hogs weakened provisions. July pork lost 2%@
6c. lard 5«87%c and ribs 2%C.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 73% 74% 73 74%
July 74%- -75% 73% -75%
September 74% 75 73% 75
Corn No. — : :;■
May 33 33 32% 32
•July 33% 33% 33% '33%
September 34 34 33% 34
Oats No. 2—
May 26% 26% ,X% 26%
July 23% 23% 23% 23%
September 20% 20% 20% - 20%
Mess Pork, per barrel— ■<■"-■-
July s2O 8 22% 8 17% 8 22%
September 835 8 37% 8 32% 8 37%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
July 510 510 6 07% 6 07%
September 5 22% 5 22% 520 6 22%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 4 72% 4 72% 4 67% 4 72%
September 4So -4 85 4 52% 485
Cash Quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 73(@74c; No. 3 spring
wheat. 68@72%c; No. 2 red, 75#<6%c; No. 2 corn,
33V«(a33%c; No. 2 oats, 26<- 2 '827c; No. 2 white,
29Q29%c; No. 3 white, 2SCnc29c; No. 2 rye, 61 %c;
No. 2 barley, 36(^40c; No. 1 fiaxseed, $1 06; prime
timothy seed. $2 35; mess pork, per barrel,
$8 15@8 20; lard, per 100 pounds. $5 05496 07%;
short ribs sides (loose). $4 55ff14 85; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). J4 37%<{i4 <>2%; short clear
sides (boxed), J.VffS 10; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, (I 26; clover, contract
grade. $6 30.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour. barrels 16.000 26.000
Wheat, bushels 45,000 52.000
Corn, bushels 233.000 36R.000
Oats, bushels 684.000 251.000 |
Rye. bushels 10.000 4,000
Barley, bushels 19,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet; creameries. 12i!T17%c; dairies.
MX@l6c. Eggs, steady: fresh, 13c. Cheese,
steady; creameries, B%'S'9%c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening 5 8% 5 8%
Closing .... 5 B', 5 fc%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat May. Sept.Dec.
Opening 20 65 20 30
Closing 20 60 20 30
Flour —
Opening 43 75 27 85
Closing 43 60 27 80
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. May 24.— CATTLE— There was a
fairly active demand for cattle to-day at the
recent advance. Fancy grades sold at $5 55®
5 66; choice steers, $5 25@6 50; mediums, 14 SO®
4 &5; beef steers. $4 30®4 75: stockers and feed
ers. $4?T5 25; bulls, $3^4 50; cows and heifers,
$3 70®4 35: Western fed steers, $4 60!fi5 50;
I Texas, Hfta; calves, $s*g7 50.
HOGS— The supply of hogs exceeded the de
mand and buyers succeeded in forcing a de
cline of 2%c to Be. Fair to choice, $3 57%(?4 05:
heavy packers. $3 55(93 85; mixed. J3 65©3 70;
butchers. J3 70<&3 97',; lights, J3 65^3 95; pigs,
$3 35(^3 80.
SHEEP— There was the usual active demand
for sheep and lambs at steady prices. Poor to
prime sheep, $4 75@5 65; yearlings. $5 60(55 75;
I wooled Colorado lambs, $6 90(57; clipped lambs,
*! TV'!.; 50; spring lambs, $B@9 per hundred
weight.
Receipts— Cattle, 15,500; hogs, 36,000; sheep,
j 15.000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. May 24.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
wool trade:
The strength and activity previously ■ noted
in the wool market has been well sustained
during the week, under review, and in some,
respects the movement partakes of the char
acteristics of a veritable boom. It is not as
yet, however, a manufacturers' market, al
though consumers have been a little more in
evidence than previously. The greater portion
of the business done consists of. purchases by
dealers themselves, although aw a rule where
manufacturers have bought they have been
obliged to pay higher prices or they have not
succeeded In getting the wool. a number of
dealers are not offering their wool at all and
are practically out of the market. The ad
vance in the price of territory wool in this
market ha* resulted In checklnc the • export
movement, and the lew remaining lots of Aus
tralian wool in bond owned by dealers are' held
at higher figures than foreign buyers will pay.
The sales of the week at Boston amount to
6,031,000 pounds domestic and 667,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 6,688,000, against a [
total of 8.315,500 for the previous week, and a ;
total of 2,340,000 for the corresponding week last I
year. Sales since January 1, 1599, amounted to ]
96,291,800 rounds, against 45,345,310 pounds last
year at this time. I
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. May 24. -California fruit sold
to-day: Apricots — Royals, 59 25 per single crate;
Seedling. $1 26©4 ZS. Cherries— Royal Anne,
76c®$3 86 per box; Tartarians, $1 lO©J 96; Black
Republicans, *'J r n2 85; Centennials. S.VdS 10;
May Dukes, $1 2o(&2 20; Rockports, $1 60©2 o.j;
Admiral Deweys, $2; Queens, 9Dc: Clevelands
40c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 24.— Consols, 1V)%; silver,
28% d; French rentes, 102f 20c; wheat cargoes
• •ff coast, nothing doing: cargoes on passage,
<iulet and steady; English country markets,
firm.
LIVERPOOL, May 24.— WHEAT— Firm; No.
1 standard California, 6s 3VidiJf<is 4d; wheat In
Paris, iiuk't; French country' markets, quiet
und steady.
COTTON— Uplands, Jl^d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
firm. 'is; No. 1 red Northern Duluth firm 6s
4d; No. 1 California, 6s 3' 2 d«6s 4d. ' Futures
steady: July, 5s I>7,d:1 > 7 ,d: September, r,s B>4d '
CORN— Spot American mixed new, easy 6s
3d; mixed old. 3s 6»i'i. Futures, quiet; May,
3s :»*nd.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days
245,000 ctls, Including 126,000 American. Re
ceipts of American corn during the past three
days, 145,200 ctls.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND May 24.-Clearlngs, $266,013;
balances, $42,686. '
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. May 24.— Walla Walla, 67@57%c
--valley, ES%c; bluestem, 59iJ?«0c.
Cleared— British bark Iverna, for Queenstown
with 134.288 bushels wheat. wurensiown,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 24.-Wheat was quiet to-day
under the effects of. the holiday in the Eng
lish markets. Club, 57c; bluestem, 60c
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 14 gcu
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 ccy
Sterling Cables _ 4 laS
New York Exchange, 5ight........ — 12l£
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars _ 49%®5(H4
Fine Silver, per ounce _ 61$
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures opened weak and dull, but
subsequently Improved In sympathy with Chi
cago, which was firm, with a few shorts trying
to cover, but who. were unable to find. Wheat
when It was wanted. . There were continued
bad crop reports from Russia, Roumania and
Hungary.
Spot Wheat stands the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05 ©1 06i£: milling
$1 08%@l 12%. •
CALL BOARD ■ SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock — December
12.000 ctls. $1 15%. : " moer—
. Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 151/
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 eti« >
$1 15%: 24,000, $1 16. ' llß>
Afternoon Session — December — 18,000 ctls,
$1 16%.
BARLEY— The market is dull and lower both
on and oft call.
Feed. $1 O7' : 10; Brewing. $1 l2Vjfl 15 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99 new
-2000 ctls, HC '
Second Session— December— ctls SSr- '
Seller '99. new— 2ooo. 84%e. . "
Regular Morning Session— Seller . '93, new—
2000 ctls. 85c; 12,000, 85%e. December— 4000 ' SS«ie
-6000. n%c. . ' . ■. ' 7 "~-
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market is dull and unchanged
The supply on hand is meager and the Oregon
and Washington crops are looking poorly but
the ■ Oregon farmers are planting Oats where
they had intended to bow wheat, and this may
make up some of the deficiency. • . •
Fancy Feed, $1 47V4@1 50 . per ctl; good; to
choice, $1 42%'gi 4"V4; common, $1 37H@1 40 •
Surprise, $1 60@l 55: Gray, $1 35@1 45; Milling'
II 4501 60 per ctl; Red. $1 35©1 40; Black, $1 30
e-132%..-- ■ V : • \'\
CORN— The market continues dull and a de
cline in yellow Is noted. , .. > . -.
Small round Yellow, $1 30*51 32%: Eastern
large Yellow, $112%; White. $1 15@1 17% •
mixed, $1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal'
RYE— 97%c@l 02% per ctl. • •
r BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. «" • • ■ . ' . .; .} \,;\
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers" extras, S3 40«3 50; Oregon
and Washington. ?3 40<g 3 45 per barrel for extra,
S3 25©3 40 for bakers' and |2 30@2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 25 per 100 rbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, J3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50<g4 75;
Oat Groats, 14 75; Hominy. $3 2h<flZ 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4t?4 25; Cracked Wheat, 53 75;
I Farina, J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55@fi 95; in sacks, $8 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, %i 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
A car of choice new Wheat sold at $5 and a
car of new wild Oat at $fi. There is no demand
and the market was never in worse shape thah
at the present moment.
Bran and Middlings are quiet.
BRAN— SI6ISI6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17«519 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $23@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26 50; Job
bing, $27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21<5f22; Cornmeal,
S2B' 60024 GO; Cracked Corn, $24(325; Mixed
Feed, $15Calfi; Cottonseed Meal, $24tt2(! per ton.
OLD HAY— Wheat. %\(\<Ti\2 for good to choice \
and $7 sOfj9 for lower grades: Wheat and Oat
$7f/ll; Oat. $«<?fio; Barley, $6f?S; Alfalfa, $sf?£7 '
NEW HAY Wheat. $798; Wild Oat. $6(07;
Alfalfa, $.' / f?'7 per ton.
STRAW— 2S®SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There are no further changes to report.
BEANS-Bayos, $1 40*51 50; Small White, $1 90
@2 10; Large Whites, $1 4001 66; Pinks, $1 SO<jj
1 90; Reds, $2 35; Blackeye. $4^4 15; Butters,
nominal; Limas, $3 90@4; Pea, <2@2 35; Red
Kidneys, $2 6001 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2\fi3c: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2%c per Ih; Alfalfa, 8%@9%c; Rape, 3g3«4c-
Hemp, 4'<f4V4C; Timothy, 4%«3V«c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 5001 90; Green, $1 75
©2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were R!W> boxes Asparagus, 12$ boxes
Rhubarb, 28fi sacks Peas, 232 sacks Beans and
3564 boxes and 4tiS sacks new Potatoes.
There are very few old Potatoes left, and
they are nominal. New are not materially
changed. Onions are steady.
Vacaville Vegetables came in during the af
ternoon, owing to an accident In transit, and
were carried over. Green Pea.s were firmer, but
the other descriptions stood about the same.
POTATOES -Old, $1 2. r .(S v l 75. per ctl; New Po
tatoes, 101% c per lb in sacks and $I*l 60 for
Rivers in boxes.
ONIONS— OId are nominal; new, 2,"';i4oc per
sack for Red.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 60c@$l 25 per
box for No. 2, $1 50rgi 75 for No. 1 and $2@
225 for fancy: Rhubarb, 60066 c per box for '
common and 7BCOSI for good to choice; Green
Peas, l ! t(o2'4c per lb for common and !%c
for Garden; String Beans from Lob Angeles,
4(§"sc for green and o r a6c for Golden Wax; j
String Beans from Vacaville. 5(S7c for green I
and 6'ff7c for Wax; Horse Beans, 35060 c perl
sack; Cabbage. $1 260] 85; Tomatoes. $i 260] 76
per box: Mexican Tomatoes. Jl 500] 75; Keg
Plant, 10@13%c per lb: Garlic, s®6c for new;
Dried Okra. 15c per lb; Dried Peppers. 10c; I
Green Peppers. lOifflSc; Carrots, 80040 c per !
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 25075 c x>er dozen; |
Sacramento and Marysville Cucumbers. $1 750
2 75 per box; Summer Squash. 75c05l 2r> per box.
POULJRY AND GAME.
The market continues firm, there being no
Eastern here at the moment.
POULTRY— Turkeys. I3<fflsc /or Gob
blers and 13<S15c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
»l 50; Goslings. $1 25(gl 76; Ducks. $s®t> for old
and $5 50(g7 for young; Hens. $sfiti; young
Roosters, $7<??8: old Roosters. $5<35 50; Fryers,
$5 60@6; Broilers, $4 50®6 60 for large, $2 50
f3 50 for small; Pigeons, $2*5 2 25 per dozen
for old and $1 75@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME- Hare. $1, Rabbits, $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Receipts of Eggs are decreasing and the
market is slightly stronger. Butter is steady,
but Cheese continues weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 17c; seconds,
16@16>4c.
Dairy— Fancy, 15c; good to choice, 13@14%c;
: store, \\<a 12c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. BV4S?9c: old, 8c;
Young America, 10c; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15<516%c for store and 17@
ISlic per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16V4®17c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 2390 boxes : Cherries and 77S
chests Strawberries.
Madeline Pears from the river sold at $1 per
crate.
The canners are bidding $.Vitffss per ton for
j Blenheim and Moorpark Apricots in Alameda
County, but. it is reported ' that the growers
are not sellng at these prices. A good many
Royals are reported sold in different northern
districts at $10.
Receipts of Cherries were about the heaviest
thus far, though away below those of pre
vious years, and prices shaded off in conse
quence.
Strawberries were firm, but other berries
were about the same.
Peaches and Apricots were steady at the good
prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— '
Apples, $1 Bo®2 50 for fair to good and $3fS
3 50 for choice to fancy; Green Apples, 75c
pei box.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 25<fT30.c per drawer
and 2ifi3c per lb in bulk; Blackberries from
Newcastle. $1 25 per crate; from Covlna, J2 25;
Strawberries, $4©6 per chest for small and $3®
3 50 for large berries; Raspberries. 25<i?50c per
drawer: Newcastle Raspberries, $101 50 per
crate; Logan Berries, 60c per drawer.
Currants— SOfiS^c per drawer.
Cherries, 35@50c for white. 60<f}:S5c for Royal
Anne and 60fi*0c per box for black; black, in
bulk, 7c; white. 3W4C per lb; Royal Anne,
Apricots, $1 75 per crate and JIITI 75 per box
for Pringles and $2 per crate for Royals. : :.« -
Peaches, Si.;: per box.
Plums, $1 25<ai 50 per box.
Cherry Plums, de per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 25@3 75
per box; Seedlings. $1 25@2 25: Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 50fT2 25; Lemons. $1 25@1 50 for com
mon and $2*62 50 for good to choice: Mexican
Limes. $4 60@6; California Limes, 50«fi75c per
small box: Grape Fruit. f>ociSsl; Bananas, |l 50
<g2 per bunch; Pineapples. $3fi 4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-SO's, 5@
5V4c for 50-60's. 4@4Hc for 60-70's, 3%(53>ic for
70-80's. 2*i®3'4c for 'SO- 90' 2 1 /i@2?ic for 90-100' s
and 2'u2V4C for 100-110' s; Peaches, SV4@9^c for
good to choice, 10@10&c for fancy and 14@15c
for peeled; Apricots, 12'/4@l3c for Royals and
I*ig:isc for Moorparks; Evaporated Applies, 9'. 2
9* 4 c: sun dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums,
nominal, l%c for unpitted and 4V4@6c for pitted;
Pears 3®9c, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 3*ic for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 6*ic for four-crown. 4<£@6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3^c for Seedless Muscatels ahd $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes. 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per 11); Walnuts, s(j?>!c
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshell; Almonds, S@
9c for hardshell, 12@13c for softshell, 14@16c for
papershell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 44®
Cc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 Bo@s.
HONEY— Comb, 10@Uc for bright and S@9c
for lower grades; water white, extracted, 7',;®
7^c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, s@sV*c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market continues active and In good
shape.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy,
SV4<g9c for light medium, 10"*(§iic for light, 12c
for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. lllgllHc; California
Hams. 10®10%c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef. $15@15 60; extra
prlir.e Pork, $12; extra clear. $18; mess, $16-
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 0%@5--sic per lb for
compound and 7%@7%c for pure; half barrels
pure, 8c; IMb tins, BUc; 5-lb tins, 4 c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
lees than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails. 60 in a case. SWc
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case, B%c; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets 20
lbs net, SVic: fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7T»c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc . under the quotations., Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9@9V4c; light. B%c; Cow
hides, 9c: Stags. C@6^c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands
13c- dry Kip and Veal,,ls@lsV4c; dry Calf, 17c'
Sheepskins, shearlings, lo@3oc each; short
Wool, 35® 60c each; medium, 7O<g'9oc; long Wool
90c<g$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $175(52 25
for large and $1 for small: Colts, 50c. .'•
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. : 4®4^c per lb; No.
? 3V4(@3%c: refined, — -; grease, Sc.
WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Southerns, 7 months, 7@9c; year's staple, 6SSc-
Foothill, and Northern free, ll@14c; Foothill
and Northern defective, S@loc: Nevada, lO«*i3c-
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@16c.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 7 ,^g^ c
Southern • — 6 <27u.c
Plains $ c
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10<??lle per lb for ordinary
12<§12ViC for good and 13<8>15c for choice to
fancy from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 8«4@5%c for June
and July: Wool Bags, 26@2Sc: San Quentin
Bags. 5t K.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling
ton, IS: Snuthfield Wellington, J7 50; Seattle $6-
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend, $7 60 •'
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, JS 50 tn hulk and |9 56
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, (14 ;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and 'Fine Crushed. 5%c;
Powdered, 5%c: Candy Granulated, »%c; Dry
Granulated, s>4c; Confectioners' A, 5>,4c; Cali
fornia A, sc: Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, 4%c: barrels, l-16c more: half barrels,
M.c more; boxes, 4c more; 50-lb bags, more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is no further change in any description.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%@B4c per lb for Steers and 64@7c
for Cows.
VEAI^-7«'S4c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7(g74e; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. S-ffS^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 54fi5^ic for small, 5%®
K%c for medium and 5(5 54c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4?i^sc; dressed Hogs, 7©>
84c.
RECEIPTS O"F PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, May 24.
Flour, qr sks .... 7,176 Lime, bbls IS2
Wheat, ctls SSO Sugar, bbls 430
Barley, ctls 4,460 Sugar, sks 7,010
Oats, ctlß, Or 700 Lumher, feet 45,000
Corn, ctls 20 Hides, No 430
Rye. ctls 330 Eggs, doz 18,830
Butter, ctls 24S Quicksilver flks. 10
.Cheese, ctls 363 leather, rolls ... 86
Cheese, bhls 4 Wine, gals 33.100
Beans, sks 846 Straw, tons JI
Potatoes, sks 2.r.1?i Hay, tons 349
Onions, sks •. 936 Wool, bags 341
Bran, sks 1,6651 Pelts, bdls 150
Middlings, sks... 238!
OKKUON.
Flour, qr sks 850
THE STOCK MARKET.
Oceanic Steamship was the lively stock on
the Bond Exchange yesterday morning, run
ning down to $S4 75, against $87 75 as Tues
day's closing price. The other stocks stood
about the same.
In the afternoon Oceanic recovered ot $S7.
Mining stocks were off again. The tele
gram from the pump said: "The second ele
vator is working steadily on half time and
is holding the water near the 1950-foot level."
The Old Home Consolidated Mining Com
pany of Nevada County has levied an assess
ment of If per share, delinquent June 24.
The Potosl assessment of 10c per share will
be delinquent in the company's office to-day.
To-day the Homestake mine of South Da
kota will pay the regular monthly dividend
of Joe per share and an extra dividend of the
same amount, making a total of $7,493,750
from the start.
To-day the Modoc mine of Colorado will pay
a dividend of $10,000, making $50,000 this year
and $130,000 from the start.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, May 24—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Equit G L Co. 6% 6%
4s quar coup.. 114 — Mutual El Co. 15% 16
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 44% 45<i
4s quar new.. — 130 Pac Gas Imp. — 66%
os quar coup.. 107% ac L. Co 454 —
Miscellaneous- ,S F G & E.... 66% 66%
I Cal-st Cab 59.117 — ; San Fran 3»i 8%
Cal Elec L 65.125y 4 1274 Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55.... 11 l 112',i| Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — Firem's Fund.222 —
E L & P 65... 13041314 Bank Stocks-
F& Cl Ry 69.115% - Anglo-Cal - 66%
Geary-st R ss. - 100 Bank of Ca1.. 261 265
HC & S 5%5..102% - Cal S D & TV- 98%
L A Ry f>5....107V*107 I ,2iKrst National. 22o —
LAL, Co .101% — Lon P & A... 131 132
Dd gntd 65.. 101% — Mer Exchange— 16
Market-st 6a.. .128% — Nev Nat Bnk. — 190
Do Ist M .'5.117 — Savings Banks—
NCN G H 73.108 — | Ger S & L.1600 1640
N Ry Cal 65. .116 117 ' Hum S & L..1050 1160
NR of Cal 55.1134114' i: Mutual Say. — 41%
NPC R R 6s. — 108 S F Say U.. 500 —
NPC R R 55. 1044 — S & L 50... - 90
N Cal R R 55.112 .—■' i Security S B 285 . — •
Oak Gas 55. ..11 l — Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Ry 65.. 127 130 ! Street Railroads—
1 P & Cl Ry C 5.107 108% California ....116 —
:P& O6s 117 — Geary 574 — i
Powell-st 65... — 122% Market-st .... 63 63%
Sac El Ry ss. — — Oak SL & H — — '
SV .v X P r.5.116UH6%-:Presidlo — 17
S F & S JV.is.ll4 115 Powder—
Sierraß Cal 65.105% — California l«0 187%
S Pof Ar 63.114 — ;E Dynamite... — »2%
SPC 6s (1905) — 112 Giant Con Co. 76U 77%
SPC 6s (1906) — — ; Vlßorit ........ 1% 4 i
SPC 6s (1912) — — ; Sugar
SP C lscg 1044 — Hana P C 0... 17>i 17%
SPBr 6s 123 — Haw C & C.llO 115'
S V Wat 65. ..116%116% Hutch S P C. 34 34%
S V Wat 4s ...104 — jKilauea S Co. — 33
S V W45(3dm)102%1Q3 Onomea S Co. — 44
Stktn Gas 65.. 102% — | Paauhau S P. 41V4 414
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 70% T1' 4 A! Pac A55n. 113 1 , 1144
Marin Co 50 — Ger Ld Wka..2So — *
Spring Valley. 100=il01 : Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric— 1 Oceanic S Co. S7 —
Capital Gas...— — Par A F A... 2% 2*4
Centra) G Co.. — — Pac S Bor C 0.117% — '
Cent L & P.. 6% 7»«i Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 114 50
15 Contra Costa Water 71 00
45 Giant Powder Con 77 75
335 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
100 Hana Plantation Co .'. 17 37%
$3000 I.«os Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. .lo7 50
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. .lo7 37%
?6eflo Market St Ry Con 5s per cent lids. ll7 00
60 Oakland Gas bonds 45 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 87 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 86 00
10 Oceanic S 8 Co, cash b6 00
15 Oceanic 8 s Co m 00
10 Oceanic S S Co M 1:: ,
10 Oceanic S S Co 84 25
5 Oceanic S S Co 84 75
40 Onomea Sugar Co 44 00
225 Paauhau S P Co.. 41 50
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 66 75
45 Spring Valley Water 10125
Afternoon Session. L
Board —
50 Central Light & Power 7 00
40 Contra Costa Water 71 00
50 Equitable Gas 6 50
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
100 Market Street Railway 63 12%
120 Oceanic 8 B Co 67 00
10 Onomea Sugar Co 44 00
75 Onomea Sugar Co 43 87'
75 Onomea Sugar Co 43 75
15 Paauhau S P Co 41 50
185 Paauhau S P Co 41 23
75 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 66 75
190 Spring Valley Water 10100
Street— :
70 Contra Costa Water 7100
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
150 Central Light & Power fi 50
40 Faauhau S P Co 41 75
61 Paauhau 8 P Co 41 k;mj
IS Hutehinson S P Co 34 25
25 Hutehinson S P Co 34 371.4
100 Vigorit Powder 4 00
20 Giant Powder Con 78 U0
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Contra Costa Water 71 50
10 Oceanic S S Co $.1; m
10 Oceanic S S Co S6 25
20 Spring Valley Water 101 ST.,
li Sprint? Valley Water 101 25
100 Vigorit Powder 4 00
SAN FKANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Oceanic S S Co : S7 75
f.o Onnmea Sugar Co 44 00
40 Paauhau S I 1 Co 4175
WO Spring Valley Water 101 50
50 Vigorit Powder 3 87 Vj
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 114 00
30 Equitable Gas 7 00
20 Contra Costa Water 70 75
10 Contra Costa Water 70 S7'4
•JO fontra Costa Water 71 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 112 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 111.00
IS Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 11150
40 San Francisco Gas & Electric <'o 66 S7'j
20 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 66 75
35 Oakland Gas 45 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 10 300 Mexican si
«on Rest & Relcher 56 200 Ophir 115
inon Con New York. 02 500 Overman 19
100 Gould & furry 34 100 Potosl 42
f,oo Gould & Curry 35 100 Union Con 47
600 Justice 22
Afternoon Pension.
100 Alta 06 1000 Occidental 26
100 Best & Belcher M 150 Ophir 115
600 Best & Belcher 53 300 Sierra Nevada. 77
200 Bullion 07 100 standard 2 so
ion Con Cal & Va.l 70- 100 St Louis 06
300 Crown Point... 29! 100 ITtah 17
200 Gould & Curry 33 200 Yellow Jacket. 40
300 Hale. & Norcrs K|
Following were th» sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 10 1 800 Con New York n»
200 Best & Belcher 64] 800 Crown Point... 3fi
500 Bullion OS 1 200 Ophir H7V4
300 Challenge Con.. 34|400Potosi 40
300 Chollar 32 300 Potosl 41
750 Con Cal & V...150 300 Savage o-j
40 Con Cal & V...1 86 500 Yellow Jacket. 41
200 Con Cal & V.I 77 v
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. May 24—4 p m
Bid. Ask Bld.Ask
Alpha — <••-> Justice 2 0 ">\
Alta "6 07 Kentuck _ t , 7
Andes OS 09 Lady Waeh 01 0'
Belcher 34 3« Mexican 47 4 g
Bent & Belcher 52 53 Occidental 27 —
Bullion 07 08 Ophir 1!0t 15
Caledonia 52 55 Overman ig 57
Chollar 30 31 Potosi 39 40
Challenge Con. 34 35 Savage 23 2 6
cnfldence 1001 05 Scorpion _ 03
Con Cal & Va.l 70 175 Seg Belcher ... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 03 J Sierra Nevada. 76 77
Crown Point... 28 30 1 Silver If 111 .... c> 2 m
Con New York. — 02,Synfllcate _ S
Exchequer -• 03' Standard 250 —
Gould & Curry 32 33; Union Con 44 43
Hale & Norcrs 34 35 Utah 17 1S
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 39 40
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Van Ness-avenue Methodist Episcopal Church
(by R. I. Whelan, Sheriff) to Charles GoodaU
and Andrew Nelson, lot on N. line of Bush
street. 95 E of Van Ness avenue, E 31:3 by N
120: $8500. •'■■•", ;•= XT
Emma Taylor to James R. Ford, lot on N
line of Post street, 66:3 W. of Gou&h. U 30 by
Clinton and Sarah W. Jones to Bahr Sheide
man, lot on S line of Broadway 68:9 E of
Fill more street, E 68:9 by S 137:6; $10 <■
Estate of Magdalena Wittmeier (by C H.
Koehncke. administrator) to A. J. Rich, lot on
W line of Baker street. 100 S of Fulton, b 2o
by 125; H. Kavanagh to William J Dever-
Richard H. Kavanagh to William J. Dever
eaux. lot on W line of Noe street, 50 N of
Beaver. N2sby W 120; $10. ' ■ , , t
Wllhelmine C. Gerl to Henry L. Rupt>el. lot
on B line of Florida street, 100 N of Twenty
second, N 25 by E Id): JIBOO.
Catherine Trusseau (Lang) to Ernest Lang,
lot on E line of Mission street. 225 S of Twenty
fourth. S 35 by B 115: also lot on NE, line of
Langton street. 225 SE of Howard, bK, 2o by
NE SO; gift. _. ,
Anna L. Jones and Eva J. Brown to Charles
H. and Mattie V Crane, lot on W line of
Bartlett street 130 S of Twenty-fifth, & 39 by
W 117:6 V $10. ,
Mary E. Beale to Antonio Busalacchi. lot on
S line of Vallejo street, 97:6 E of Battery, i,
20 by S 45:10: 11650. ' . „
Estate of Magdaleda Wittmeier (by C. H.
Koehncke. administrator) to S. P. Blumenberg,
lot on E line of Stockton street, 69:6 N of Jack
son. X 34 by E 80; $4000.
Estate of George -W. Wegener. minor (by
A. T. Sjogren, guard'an). to Henry Wegener,
all interest in lot on X line of Lombard street,
68:9 B of Hyde. E 68:9 by N 137:6; $500.
Louisa J. and Alof T. Sjogren to Henry and
Emma Wegener, same: $10.
Thomas n. and Susan E. Wakelee to Calvin
E. Knickerbocker, lot on SE line of Natoma
Street, 212:8 SW of First SW 41:10 by SE SO
(quitclaim deed): $10
Charlotte J. Kelton (widow) to John A. Beck
with, lot on SE corner of Twenty-fourth (So
noma) and Kansas streets, S 75 by E 100; $10.
Emma L. arri Louis A. Reyburn to Fred
erick A. McNally, lot on \V line of Third ave
nue, 425 N of Point Lobos, N 37:6, W 69:6%,
S\V to a point E 74:1^; $10.
Fanny M.. Harriet E.. Annie M.. Maud G.,
Grace I. and William C. Winter. Mary E.
W Ickson and Francis E. Salic to Clarence S.
inter, lot on NE corner of Tenth avenue and
N ?tr°r-t, X ISO by E 120; also lot on E line of
Twelfth avenue, 100 S of N street, S 100 by B
120; also lot on SW corner of Eleventh avenue
ani O street, S 100 by W 120; also lot on E line
of Tenth avenue, 150 S of O street, E 120, S
243:5' 2 . W 384:10, N 234:10: also lot on NE corner
of O street and Eighth avenue. N 100. B 35:3Vi.
8 to lands of Spring Valley Water Works, W
29:7; also lot on N"W line of Mission road. 344
SW from intersection of Spring Valley Home
stead Association, SW 25. NW 235:4. E 29.67.
SE 219. IK; also property outside of county; $10.
Estate of Clarence S. Winter (minor, by
Fanny M. Winter, guardian) to Edwin Law
rence, lot on NX corner of Tenth avenue and
L street, X iso by E 120; $1500.
Annie M. Winter to same, lot on E line of
Tenth avenue, 150 N of N street. N 150 by E
120; $10.
E. O. Benner to Ellen M. Benner, lot 277,
Gift Map 3; $10.
Patrick Coen to William Reed, lot on NE line
of Seventh avenue south, 200 NW of L street.
NW 25 by NE 100. lot 123, block 122. Central
Park Homestead; $10.
John B. Lewis to John G. Klumpke, lots 20
and 21. block 3, Fairmount Tract; $15.
William and Lizzie Doran to Henry F. Wieg
mann, lot 5, block 4S, Sunnyside; $10.
Henry C. and Grace L. Stilwell to George A.
Patterson, lot on SW corner of California ave
nue and Eugenia street, S 70 by W 70:6, lots 31
to 33. Cnhh Trar-f *1f)
Alameda County.
W. J. and Gra<-e K. Mortimer to E. X.
Prouty, same, Berkeley; $10.
A. S. Woodbrldge to Thomas Rridge. lot on
N corner of Short street and Glen avenue. .\"\V
100.28 by XIO UO.2S, being lot 8, Bond Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Frederick A. and Dora Lemery (by commis
sioner) to Oakland Loan and Investment Com
pany, lot on ME corner of Bassett street and
Lloyd avenue, N inn by E 25, being lot 1, block
S. Fruitvale Station Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $170".
Syndicate Investment Company to Benjamin
F. Meaddows. lot 11, block 754, map of Syndi
cate Investment Company's subdivision of
blocks 7.M to 7".4, 7fi9 and 770 of Levy and Lane
tracts, Brooklyn Township; $4.~n.
Charles L. and Mary E. Inkier and Henry T.
and Lillian M. Atkinson to Vincent Chloupels,
lot on S line of Fourth street, 100 W of Wash
ington, W 25 by 8 100, being lot 13, block. 29,
Oakland: Sl'J.
Fannie T. Coats to Charles and Emma C.
Riesemveber, lot on XW line of Third avenue.
IX4. :■(! S\V of Summer street, SW 30.26 by N\V
221.50, being lot 39, Glasi-ock and Blow Temes
cal Tract, Oakland
John F. and Maria A. Anderson to F. A.
Lnsh, lot on N line of Eighteenth street. 75 E
of Union street, E 33:4 by N 112:: i' 2 , portion
lots 8 smd 4, map of subdivided Surryhne Tract,
Oakland: (10.
F. and Mac (5. I^-ish to Theodore J. La
moureaux, same. Oakland: $200n.
B. Kelsey to Oakland Building and Loan As
sociation, lot 39, blo«k C, Parsons Golden Gate
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Bdward I', and Emma D. Flint to F. A.
Losh, lot on XW line of Orange street. 64.15
NE of Morrison place, XE 50.15, XW 122.7&. SW
50 SB 119.17 to beginning, being lnt 9, block
X, Flint Tract. Map 4, Oakland; $10.
Oren J. and Grace E. Mullen to Lydla Wade.
lot on W line of Market street. 180:10 S of
Railroad avenue or West Seventh street, S
85 by W 12.'.; also lot on E line of Adeline
street 181:3 S of Twenty-first, S 25 by E 127,
Oakland; HO.
Lvdia Wade to Grace E. Mullen, undivided
half interest In lot on W line of Market street.
180:10 S of Railroad avenue or West Seventh
street S '^< by W 12:,; also lot on E line of
Adeline street. 1*1:3 8 of Twenty-first S 25 by
E 127; all interest In lot on X line of Milton or
Twenty -sixth street, 225 W of San Pablo ave
noe W 75 by X 100, being lot 19 and \\ half
of lot is. Milton Tract. Oakland: gift.
Grace E Mullen to Oren J. Mullen, all in
terest. In lot on E line of Adeline street .2o6:3
s of Twenty-first, 8 25 by B 127. Oakland;
(rift
Elliott Jordan and Sarah P. Dyson (trustees
of the estate of Moses S. Jordan) to Ralph H.
Jordan, 'lot on E. line of West street si feet
X of twenty-sixth street. N 27 by E aO. block
'021 Whitcher Tract Map 2, Oakland; grant.
" Elliott and Sarah A. Jordan and George and
Sarah B Dyson to same, lot on E line of \\ est
street M teel N of Twenty-sixth, S 9. B 90,
X 9 W 90 to beginning, block 2021, Whitcher
Tract Map 2, Oakland; gift
John C. and Persls H. I nleman to S. H.
Palmer l"t on SE corner of Sixteenth street
and San Pablo avenue. S 1«5:12. E 113:S'J, N
107 OS W 157.14, W 18.68 to beginning, being
lots 7 to 14 block A, map of survey made for
G < - Potter March 28. 1877; $100.
Frank C. Hoag to Nannie F. Hoag (wife of
F c ) lot on XW line of Tenth street, 75 feet
east of Chestnut, N 100 by E 57. being part of
lots 11 and 12 block — . Adeline Homestead
Tract Oakland: lot 96 in plot 14. Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland Township; all Inter
est In all real or personal property, whereever
situated; gift.
Price Davis to Anna M. Baker, lot on E line
of Sacramento street, 105 feet S of Virginia
street. S 30 by E 130, being part of lots 4 and
5, block 3. Teachers' State University Home
stead. Berkeley; #50.
Henry W. P. and Alvina Wackenroder to
Marie Lefevre, lot on XW line of Julia street,
869 feet XE of Monroe street, XE 60 by XW
130:1, being the XE 60 feet of lot 4, block F,
revised map Oak Tree Farm Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Emll (and as attorney) and Amanda Pfankue
hen (by attorney) to Joseph Antonuccio, lot on,
X line of Xicol avenue. 100 feet W of Taylor
street. X ISO, W 47.40, S 150.02, E 50 to begin
ning, being lots 31 and 32, block G, corrected
map Nicol Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
J. A. and V. R. Parker to Agnes Black, lot
on W line of Second street, 150 feet X of Jones
avenue, N 200 by W 100, Brooklyn Township;
lot on E line of Third street, 350 feet X of
Jones avenue. N SO by E 250, Brooklyn Town
ship; lot on E line of Third street. 470 feet N
of Jones avenue, X 40 by E 100, Brooklyn
Township; lot on W line of Second street. 470
feet N of Jones avenue, W 50 by X 40, Brook
lyn Township; all being a portion of block J,
Jones Tract; grant.
William Lane to F. A. Sherrott. lot on W
line of Laurel street, 320 f P et S of Clinton ave
nue. S 40 by W 130. being lot 17. block B,
Bellevue Tract, Alameda (subject to a mort
gage for $1200); $10.
Builders' Contracts.
William G. 'Irwln (owner) with Judson Manu
facturing Company (contractor), .architects
Re.id Brothers — Steel, cast and wrought iron
work for residence on NE corner of Washington
and Laguna streets; $11,277.
Goldberg, Bowen & Co. (owners) with John
F. Rlley (contractor), architect E. R. Swain —
Excavations, brick, granite and concrete work
and Illuminating tile for: a four-story brick
building on N line of Sutter street. 137:6 E of
Grant avenue. E 54:6 by N 137:6; $4950.
Same owners with California Artistic Metal
and Wire Company ■ (contractors), architect
Castlron and steel work, anchors, fire
escapes and standplpes for same on same;
$5370.
Same owners with Richard Rice (contractor),
architect same— Sewer and conductor pipes,
tanks, water supply, sinks, • urinals, wash
basins, gas pipe, street repairing for same on
same; $3100. • '
Claus Spreekels (owner) with W. T,. Holman
(contractor), architect none— All work for elec
tric elevator ■in three-story building at 325
Market street; $2096.
John and Mary Doherty (owners) with John
Koneally (contractor), plans by owner— All
work for a one-story frame cotrage on W
line of Pennsylvania avenue, 175 S of Twenty
third (Nevada) street, S IS by W 100, P. N.
298; $1172.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heie+its of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Ray. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, MAY 25.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
th* early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tid^
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The height
given are additions to the soundings on th>-
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted frcm
the depth given hy the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waW°
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydroeraphlf Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 24. 1R99.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at ?
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIN?.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL,.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May 24.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 12 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr San Bias, Russell, 21 days from Pa
nama, etc.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, 30 hours from Trini
dad.
Stmr Ocean Wave. Clements. 108 hours from
Port Angeles, in tow tug Hniynk°.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 59*4 hours from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Xavarro, Higgins, IS hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. 20 hours from
Cleone.
Tug Richard Hnlyoke. Clinger. 103 hours from
Port Angeles, with stmr Ocean Wave in tow.
Haw ship John Ena, Madsen, 71 days from
Xewcastle. XSW.
Bark Albert, Griffiths, 17 days from Hono
lulu.
Bark Prussia. Jensen, fi days from Tacoma.
Bktn S X Castle. Hubbard, 20 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn S G Wilder, Jackson, 21 days from
Honolulu.
Scbr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, 20 days from
Hana.
S< hr Bessie X, Benson, 17 hours from Coro
mel.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. May 24.
Stmr Roanoke, "Weaver, Vancouver; North
American Trading and T Co.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall
Perkins & Co.
Xor stmr Titania, Egenes, Xanaimo; John
Rosenfend's Sons.
Schr Compeer, Larsen, Vancouver; S P Feter-
Gon.
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 24
Stmr Roanoke, Weaver, St Michael, via Se
attle.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Coqullie River. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Xoyo. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. Eureka.
Tug Richard Holyoke, Clinger, Port Towa
send.
Park Sonoma. Mattsen, Tacnma.
Bark Guy C Goks, Mallett, Chemainus.
Si hr Fort una, Rosich. Coos Bay. .
Schr Maxim. Olsen, Caspar.
Schr Alice Cooke. Benhallow, Pugret Sound.
Schr Volant. Kroc.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land
ing.
Schr Mary C, Madsen, Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS, May 24. 10 p m— Weath«r
cloudy; wind SW: velocity to miles per hour.
MISCELLAXEOTS.
LONDON, May 23— Reported -wreck of French
bark Maresehal Lannes. from Swansea, for San
Francisco, has been discovered at St Blrdes
Bay. Wales. Body supposed to be steward has
been recovered.
SPOKEX
May 9. lat 35 N. long 127 40 W— Br ship Bal
moral, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 24— Stmr Rival,
hence May 23: rtmr Sunol, from Hardy Creek.
FA LLARP- Sailed May 24— Schr Glendale. for
San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed Mny 24— Br stmr Wel
lington, from Departure Bay. for San Fran
ciscii.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 24-Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
(iRKENWOOD-Sailed May 24— Stmr Alca
zar. for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 24— Stmr Humhoidt,
from Dyea; U S Btinr Richard Rush and Nuni
vak: stmr Hrunswick. from Mary Island.
Sailed May 24-Stmr Pnweso. for San Fran-
CtBCO; stmr Pirißo, for Dyea; bark Powys Cas
tle, for Hongkonp.
PORT liOfl AN<;KI.KS-Sailed May 24~Stmr A
I^aguna. for ; Haw stmr San Mateo. for
Nanaim".
PORT TOWN SEND— Sailed May 24-Stmr
Umqtilia. for San Franrlsoo.
EUREKA- S;iilrd May 24— Stmr Ukmc, for
"'Arrived May 24-Schr J G Wall, hence May
SAN DIEQO- Arrived May 24— Schr Sequoia,
from Port Blakeley.
Sailed May 24— Schr Lottie Carson, for Eu-
BOUtrOGNE— Arttni May 24— Stmr Amster
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CARDlFF— Arrived May 21— Br ship Mool
tan. from Oregon.
TOCOPILL.A— Arrived May 1?— Br ship Dit
ton. honr-e March 30.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived May 22— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver.
FLEETWOOD— In port May 10— Br ship
Crown ■ f Scotland, from Oregon.
PANAMA— Arrived May H>-Stmr San Jose,
hence April 1< May 4— Br ship Lord Rosebery,
from Newcastle. NSW.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed May 23— Stmr City of
Sydney. for San Francisco.
MANlLA— Arrived May 24— Stmr Newport.
hence Anril 8).
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— May 24— Stmr Neder
land. from Philadelphia.
YOKOHAMA-Sailed May 24-Stmr Tacoma.
for Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN— May 24— Stmr Teu
tonic, from New York, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 24— Stmr Cepha
lonia, from Boston: stmr Cufic. from New York
NAGASAKI— May 17— Stmr Aker. fm
New Chwane. for Portland.
HONGKONG— Arrived previously May 24—
Stmr Lenox, from Portland, Or. via Yokohama;
stmr Tartar, from San Francisco, via Van
couver.
GLASGOW— Arrived May 24— Stmr Furnessia,
from New. York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived May 24 — Stmr
Lahn, for Bremen; stmr St Paul, for New
York. . • ■ ' . ■ M
CHERBOURG— Arrived May 24— Stmr Pre
toria, from New York, via Plymouth. for Ham
burg.
Sailed May 24— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grouse, Bremen, via Southampton, for New
York.- ,- • ■;.;.;. ■DISCOVERY THAT
WILL LEAD TO
BITTER CONTEST
Queer Error in the
Bacon Estate.
HEIRS SAW COPIES OF WILL
DIFFERED SIXTEEN THOUSAND
FKOM ORIGINAL.
Photograph of Olographic Instrument
Beveals That Testator Meant
"Ten" Instead of "Two"
Thousand to Each.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 2i.
- Frank Boule has made a re
ible discovery which will be fol
ti in the valuabl
'■ his father-in-law, the late Henry
icon. The discovery consists
rror through which the heirs
I • • • ■ test will be
I . iys.
When Henry L». Bacon died several
• . •
ued ai $888,033 73. Frank P. Ba
lughters. Carrie
ile, were named
In the
er which the contest will
".. L "
"II my said estate la worth as much
ith, after payment of
- Lid. 1 d< sire that my
shall pay to the wife
or my son Frank the sum of $10,000
: or husbands of mv said
. Carrie iennv,
each the sum i I |
Professor Boule and Mrs. Frank Bacon
saw onlj typewritten copies of th<
and In thes< the sum "ten thousand read
"two" thousand. They accordingly ac
• ach.
Mr. Bacon's will was olographic, and in
looks lik"
"two . ects, but a very care
: that
it looks more like "ten" after all in both
The two heirs have just discovered the
mistaU ■ fore had the or
rument photographed prepare
st. for they each demand
:dltion to what they hu\
i Mr-. Frank Bacon
divorced from their re
s since the death of Hem v
A WAISTCOAT POINTS
TO POSSIBLE SUICIDE
HAREY M. G. TAYLOR AMONG
THE MISSING.
' I Q. Taylor of Berkeley is miss
3ition is that he has
1 suicide.
A ■ f his was found on the
lay by William
ut no other trace of the miss
iund. Thinking that
I lumped over
r an hour
■ secure it.
at was an
Iressed to Harry M. G. Tay
■ rkeley, and in
' ' □ to a banquet given
Sbafter last March by th«
glon. There was also a ' com
ticket made out in the name of
r. It had beei ■ very day
■.: up to th*> 23d Inflt., when a
s made to this side- of the bay
From this it is argued that Taylor
to the bay some time Tuesday.
' Taylor was in s=tra:ten< -d clroum
- ■ ls indicated by a jiawn ticket
rin^' and chain, also found in the
A memoranda showed that \.
aid his dues in the Loyal Legion for
found in the
M. Vance. Hotel Stew
nd i■. X' el, V-'M t Sil-
Franclsco.
Inquiry at - : 2>\ Blake Btreet, Berkeley,
is found on the envelope in the
d :. v coat, Bhowed it to be Tay
' ience litre he had lived for
past with his wife.
When told of the possibility of a trap
tiaving befallen her husband Mrs.
: 1 but little surprise. She
wledged that he had been drinking
h< avlly the ni^ht before, and sug
posslble explanation of
his disappearance. He had Riven no In
timation whatever of any Intention of
making away with his life and his return
this .-vening was confidently ex-
I. As far as his wife knew, there
son for suicide ext-ept an over-
Indulgence in liquor Tuesday night. He
on the half jiast 7 local
train yesterday morning for San Fran
tM do his regular work hs a
draughtsman in the t'nion Iron Works.
Taylor enjoyed the advantages of uni
GRAPE-NUTS.
— — ~ — -~- — — _
••••••••••••••••••••••
1 CAN YOU USE 1
I A STRONG, . |
8 STURDY SET OF £
I BRAINS?|
| EAT 2
I GRAPE - NUTS. I
• 2
••••••••••••••••••••••
A MAN SAID.
"I don't believe you can arrange food
so that it will go to rebuild and nour-
ish the brain. Grape-Nuts is a most
delightful tasting food, but I can't un-
derstand how you expect any certain
food to be appropriated by any certain
part of the body."
A good honest skeptic and well worth
attention.
Actual results are better than any
theory pro or con. Grape-Nuts are be-
ing eaten by millions of Americans
and any interested person In any city
of America can satisfy himself by ques-
tioning his neighbor as to the result of
the use of Grape-Nuts.
. . The testimony is given over and
over that after 10 days' use there comes
a feeling of strength, sturdiness, clear-
ness of intellect and power of the mind
that is unmistakable.
There is a reason.
Thinking uses up each day parts of
the filling of the cells in brain and Na-
ture demands albumen and natural
phosphate of potash (not from the drug
store) to make new the soft Jelly-like
substance which is used as the filling
of these brain cells.
Grape-Nuts contain these elements
direct from Mother Nature and pre-
pared in the form of a most delicious
and dainty food, practically pre-di-
gested and quickly absorbed into the
system. . x :;.;
The hard stubborn facts are that
Grape-Nuts do build brains.
Price 15 cents per package.
vorsity training in Germany. He took a
degree at one of the universities in Sax
ony before coming to San Francisco as
an employe in the Union Iron Works. He
was 27 years of age.
FAST DOGS IN SLIPS.
Excellent Stakes Drawn for Coursing
at Union Park.
A splendid lot of dogs will leave the
slips on Saturday and Sunday at Union
Coursing Park. The sport will commence
>'• 1 11 a. m. on both days. , The sapling
stake will be run down three times and
the open stake twice on Saturday. In all
there are 132 entries and the total prizes
amount to $1015. The electric cars of the
San Francisco and San Mateo Railway
Company will carry passengers out every
ten minutes. The following Is the result
of the draw:
Open stake— D. .T. llealy's Lady Clare vs.
Curtta & Son's Blackette; J. Perry's Commo
dore Nash vs. Bartell Bros.' Mac's Melody;
A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. William Kramer's
; Jessie Moore; E. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs; F. A. Mc-
I Coomb's Royal Flush vs. Dennis & Porter's
I The Devil: R. K. de Lopez' Roychester vs.
i Lowe & Thompson's Quickstep; Allen & Wil
-1 son's Master Clair vs. J. Mahar's Soubrette;
I Allen & Wilson's Belle Clalr vs. W. H. Jones'
. Ruttan; Connell Bros.' Loe Boy vs. H. W.
i Wright's Nancy R; Hendy & Smith's Petro
• nlus vs. Curtis & Bon's McKinley; Lyons' May
Queen vs. H. a. Deckelman's Old Glory; Handy
& Smith's Dauntless vs. nartell Bros.' Win
; ning Style; T. J. Harrington's 800 Peep vs.
John Harrlgan's Conqueror; D. Ford's Bonita
vs. R. K. de Lopez' Santiago; Pasha Kennels'
Kmln Pasha vs. T. J. Healy's Maoriland; A.
1.. Austin's Trinket vs. J. Dean's Gladiator;
! Aeneld Kennels' Pretender vs. F. Mo ran' Hit
of Fashion: J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips vs.
George Sharmann's Walt a Little; J. O'Dowd's
Mission Tip vs. E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron;
Lowe & Thompson's St. Oran vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Prince Hal; George Sharmann's
Miss Skyrocket vs. Yoaemlte Kennels' Bound-
Ins: Belle; Hurley & Rielly's Expense Belle vs.
Dennis & Porter's Interesting; Yosemlte Ken
nels' Winning Lassie vs. W. H. Jones' Prince
Jerome; William Perry's Companion vs. Aeneld
Kennels' Maid of Erin; J. H. Smith's Merced
: vs. Dennis & Porter's October Woodcock:
■ O'Nell's Pompous Maid vs. J. Keenan's Royal
Oak: Yosemlte Kennels' Moae vs. T. J. Healy's
| Rusty Gold; Curtis & Son's Luxor vs. Handy
& Smith's Sylvanus; F. A. McComb's Motto
vs. Larkey & Rock's. Minerva; F. Moran's
Golden Russet vs. J. P. Thrift's St. Michael; F.
Moran's Snapshot vs. Russell St Wilson's Lady
Emma: J. Spggerson's Candeleria vs. Hurley
& Rielly's ii X Capitol; Rlncon Kennels' Ski vs.
J. -nan's Black Lock; J. O'Dowd's Scout
vs. Georse H. Burfeind's Pastime; Curtis &
Son's Commodore vs. B. Wood's Girl from
Paris; Handy & Smith's Ben- Bolt vs. Larkey
a- Rock's Myrtle: J. O'Dowd's Hair Brain vs.
| Rincon Kennels' Hard Lines; Mllo Kennels'
Victor Kins vs. B. Wood's Black Knight; J.
Keenan's Royal Buck vs. Larkey & Rock's
, Hercules; Jerry Shea's Young America vs. T.
Sullivan's Maid of the Hill: H. Halliban's
Mercury vs. F. A. McCoomb's Flush: Handy &
Smith's Twin City Girl vs. John Perrlgold's
Hone: A. C. Deckelman's I-awrence vs. V■■
semtte Kennels' Beauty Soot; Connell Bros.'
Senorlta vs. John Perrigold's Belle Be ward; Ed
Kvatt's Hurricane vs. J. Burns' Battleship;
Kay & Trent's Crosepatch vs. J. Dean's Moon
■ dyne; Kay £.- Trant's Eclipse vs. D. Hooper's
Koolawn; Irwln & Lyon's Little Van vs. B. M.
Kellogg's I>ady . 'more.
Sapling stake — Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas vs.
Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne; F. Frederick
son's Ask Him. vs. J. Fitzpatrick's Fair Lily;
J. Lennon'a Robin Hood vs. P. Sharmann's
: Wait a Bit; A. Richardson's Pride of the Hill
vs. J. Lennon's Friar Tuck; J. Mahoney's Pat
I Horgan vs. M. Kerrigan's Princess Royal:
Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt vs. J. Pringle's
Honor Bright; Curtis &- Son's Vulcan vs. F. A.
McCoomb's. Royal Fan: J. Mahoney's Manila
vs. O'Connell Bros.' Green Isle: O'Connell
Bros.' Clover vs. Aeneid Kennels' Atlanta: Yo
semite Kennels' Rowdy Boy vs. Curtis & Son's
Cash; J. D. Cardinal's Thornhlll Comet vs.
Kelly & Conroy's Magnolia; Kelly & Conroy's
Kitty Lee vs. Curtis & Snn'3 Narcissus; J. Len
non's Maid Marlon vs. R. E. de Lo;>ez" Car
menclta: Village Kennels' Sky Blue vs. J. Fer
ris' Cleopatra; T. E. Lovelady*s Tel vs. W. C.
Irwin'S Young; Australia: F. Rathman's Jus
tice vs. E. Wattson's Belmnnt Boy: Village
■Kennels' Craig Boy vs. R. E. de Lopez' Miss
Twister; Curtis & Son's Flying Fox VS. G.
! Buehn's Aloha.
ONE STATE OFFICE
NO LONGER EXISTS
PUBr.fC WORKS COMMISSIONEK
A JOB OF THE PAST.
According: to an opinion rendered yes
terday by Attorney General Tiny [
Ford, the office of Commissioner of rr.Mic
\V.>rks no longer exists nor has it since
March 1 of this year. Inquiry was made
upon this subject by State Controller E.
P. Colgan, who was desirous of knowing
if he would be justified in authorizing the
payment of the salary of the officer in
question.
Mr. Ford's reply is of considerable length,
as he care-fully r.vi.ws all of the legisla
tive acts bearing upon the office, which
was originally created in March, IXO3. "for
a period of four years only." It. however,
provided that the first person appointed
thereunder should bold tor two years
from March 1, 1893, ami all subsequent
appointments Bhould b.- for four
in 1807 the act of ik>', was amended, elim
inating the limitation. This act also pro
that the oflice should terminate on
March 1, 182*9. and that no money should
be provided for carrying on the work of
the Commissioner thereafter, and Mr.
Ford states:
On March 22, IS9O, Senate bill No. ?,2« was
signed by the Governor. This ait, creating
- :i< t- of ('..nimisMoner of Public Works,
;.-s that the term of office shall be four i
years, and section •'! thereof repeals the act ■
il and 18H7 and all acts In conflict there- '
with, and provides, further, that this act hh.ill
be a continuation and renewal of the office
of Commissioner of Public Works. The nub- j
ject matter of section 3 of the act of IS9!< is :
■ "clflcally mentioned In the title. The :
enrolled bill of UN, as signed by the Gov
ernor, fixes the salary of the Commissioner of
Public Works at t'-'DW per annum and adds to
■i 3 thereof the following clause: "This
act shall be construed as a renewal and con- |
tlnuation of the office of Commissioner of
Public Works." The bill as passed by the
Legislature provided for a salary of }180Q per ]
annum to the Commissioner and the above j
clause in re-continuation of the office, etc., '
wan not '■'•ntnined therein.
Mr. Ford continues: "I am of the opln- j
ion that by the terms of the act of Feb
ruary 25, isS", the office of the Commis-
Bioner of Public Works terminated on the
Ist day of March. 1899, and thereafter
ceased to exist." And further: "That the ;
I March 21, IBM, as signed by the i
Governor is not the act as passed by the
Legislature, as appears upon the face of
the journals of both houses of the Legis
lature, and that the same is therefore
null and void."
He «ays in conclusion:
The bill as signed by the Governor had
Incorporated in its provisions the portions ;
which the Assembly had sought to add to th»
bill, namely, the raising of the salary of the !
«'. .mmif sinner from $I<<d<) to }2. r ,OO per annum!
rind the addition of the continuation clause,
but from which amendments It had receded. |
: In other words, the bill a? slpned by the Gov
ernor is not the bill as passed by the Legis- i
lature as shown by the Journals of both the j
Senate and Assembly. • • • It appears, I
therefore, that there is now no office of Com- j
rnis'slc.n^r of PuMlc Works, and. therefore, no i
officer holding the Fame, and that you would
not be authorized In the payment of any fur
ther salary with respect thereto.
WILL HONOR MOORE'S MEMORY.
The Birthday of the Irish Poet to Be
Duly Celebrated by Admirers
of His Genius.
I The celebration of th.- linth anniversary ;
i of the birth of Thomas Moore, the Irish \
i poet, will take place under the auspices I
; of the Balfe-Moore Club at Metropolitan
I Temple, Monday evening, the 29th inst.
The programme as arranged at a meeting
of the Balfe-Moore Club last evening in
cluotes a lecture on "Thomas Moore as an
Irish Nationalist." by the Rev. Dr. Jacob
Voorsanger; an original poem on Thomas
Moore by California's famous poetess
Miss Ina Coolbrith. who will read the
poem on the occasion; a series of select
readings from the works of Moore by
Professor C. B. Newton, and a concert by
the following artists: Miss Annie Booney.
Miss Ella V. McCloskey, Miss Daisy
(Ceane, Miss Mary Georgionna, Rhys
Thomas, Benedict Smith, George. V
Woods, Signor Campini and Sydney Hope
j craft. Admission to Metropolitan Temple
on Monday evening will be by invitation.
The friends of members and others de
sirous of uniting in the. celebration of
"Tom Moore's day" may obtain cards
from the officers or the executive com
mitteemen of the club as follows: Presi
dent, Thomas R. Banncrman; vice presl- |
dent John P. Henry; secretary, James
A Haran; treasurer, Thomas P. f'row
ley: executive committee, James R. Kelly,
William A. Derham, D. J. Costello, John
J. Barratt, Hon. James D. Phelan, Rev.
D. O Crowley, Hon. J. P. Sullivan. Philip
Bolger, Dr. K. O. Steers, Rev. I', j. Cum
mins, Jeremiah Mahony, Dr. Robert E.
O'Connell, C« Eisenschimel, James J. Oil-:
Idea, Eugene McCoy, Captain I. V. Dunne, i
I Dr. J. J. Gallagher, John P. Dignan. Cap
| tain H. J. Meagher, Dr. A. P. O'Brien,
George A. Rice, William Swanton Frank
! T. Shea. Colonel T. F. Barry. John J.
O'Toole, A. T. Connelly. Eustace L'ulllnun
iand George A. Connolly. . i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 25, 1899.
SANTA CRUZ IS
AFTER MANAGER
HARRIS ' SCALP
Hot Baseball Contro
versy This Week.
HITTING THE MAIN FEATURE
DR. McGRAW TAKES HOLD OF
THE SAN JOSE TEAM.
New Players Signed and a General
Bracing-Up Is Going On — Sacra
mento Strikes a Winning
Streak.
San Francisco still holds the lead in the
championship struggle, though by a nar
row margin. Santa Cruz, by winning
three games during the week, passed
Oakland and is now close to the leader.
with the team from across the bay a good
third, the lops of two of the three games
with the locals having cut down its per
centage somewhat. Watsonville retains
fourth position, but its position with ref-
First Baseman Sullivan of
the San Francisco Team.
erence to the leaders is hardly as pood as
it was a week ago. San Jose and Sacra
mento are tied fur fifth place, with a like
number nf pames won and l<">st. B^low is
given th>- standing of the teams in de
tail:
Manager Ewing failed to make good his
premise to land in lirst place with the
close of last week's series, and the San
Franciscos will light It out this week
with the aggregation from the seashore.
The lobsters have been coming with a
rush of late by putting up the very best
quality of ball, and tin- games at Recrea
tion Park next Saturday and Sunday and
at Golden Gate Sunday morning promise
to be the most hotly contested that have
yet been played. Last week's games dem
onstrated the old theory that slugging
wins against faultless fielding, and thia
week the two heaviest hitting teams in
the league are pitted against each other.
They are evenly matched now in this re
spect, as well as in fielding, and while the
cranks may not witness as scientific base
ball as the game of last Sunday they will
see what pleases them vastly more—ter
rific smashes and plenty of sprinting, for
the ball will be kept sailing most of the
time when San Francisco and Santa Cruz
get to shooting at it alternately. The large
audiences of last week will be doubled
during this series both here and in Oak
land, for the fanatics are rapidly thawing
out under the influence of the almost per
fect ball the league is now serving up.
The Interior games this week will be
Oakland at San Jose and Sacramento at
Watsonvllle.
The San Jose Club has a new manager
in the person of Dr. D. F. McGraw, a
prominent dentist of the Garden City, a
man of wealth and standing in the com
munity and an enthusiastic admirer of
the game. Dr. McQraw will bend every
energy to popularize the xame in that
city and to that end he hns already be-
Kun to strengthen the team, paying par
ticular attention to the batting depart
ment, in which respect the team has been
weak all the season. In furtherance of
this plan the new manager has released
Third Baseman Fessel and Right Fielder
Folev, having signed Leake and Profes
sor Graham of Santa Clara College. Both
DR. PIERCES "No. XXX" ELECTRIC BELT
PRICEJ2S.OO. '
jaSa\\\ jß^Zl^'^sJv^^kX VjBB This Belt is warranted to be the latest
fIHSMtt »Grfiarf?'*iT***^' x t- — - tN „ jhMH Improved, most powerful and in all re-
VH!K*itr2xxrs^>\) 1 1 '' •'A *'■' ', ->' : 7-' i <'C^!KM spects the Best now manufactured in
BBr '' " *v v u\/'J. '>< C> J>wH a "- v llflrt of ttlf> world. Its equal does
HraJifv^-iL Lj^ - / +.^ + '2. (" I.—^*>if^^H not ( ' x ' st - The Galvanometer shows Its
BißillTrfr^V^^^, — A \* Lmm^C'r^^rr^m -MB? electric current to be double that of any
WffiinJ'. UAiH^^HqHcMr^ndf^ V.UPi^^ ether. Easily regulated! Durably ln-
CSilM' r#PP f *VfiSHfiP\- V\n\£G> ; nLr~~ sulated! Latest Improved attachments!
■V ' J*" i J r 'TBQKT' _ *~^A^. ' *"" Special conductors and electrodes. Double
~' /•/T'*** r v^JAS'' 1 . wire suspensory for men. . Satin-lined
!Vt // ,J v " "> AV\ l/I>*\V body belt. It will cure any disease on
' 3 TV ■? j "\''^"^ If? . earth that It Is possible to cure with
'r 1 ' 'j&WJt-w I '^ N. B. I—The1 — The kind of Wits others sell at
i i • • y<s~y^gr^-t— ■ high prices we furnish at 93.50.
/Si*;.,* iv? *••' ICT Buy no belt till you call on us or
"*^rs.liXr*- sen( l 2c "tamp for "Booklet No. 2." •
\x I x t . Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal.
of the new men are heavy stickers as
well as exceptionally fast fielders. Leake
will fill the infield position while Graham
will go into the garden. It looks as
though San Jose now has as Btronjr a
fielding team as Oakland, and Chief Bor
chera says it can bat with San Francisco
and Santa Cruz. The reconstructed prune
pickers are certain to find favor with the
home patrons of the game and are apt to
jump right up among the leaders without
delay.
Ewing has the hardest luck of any man
ager in the league in the matter of acci
dents to his men. The injury to Hammond
last Sunday may keep him out of the
games this week, in which case Dun
leavy will have to don the mask and air
package again. Dunleavy is a good man
behind the bat and a strong thrower to
bases, but Hammond's absence weakens
Oakland's batting powers materially.
It is nip and tuck between Fireman Fitz
and Iberg. Frisco's two twlrlers. Fitz
has the better of it up to date, but Iberg
has been handicapped by the injury to
his eye received a few days before the
opening of the season while practicing.
The Injured optic is still bloodshot and
gives him some trouble, but is steadily
growing better.
On Sunday morning Moskiman was
batted out of the box by the Frisco slug
gers. Not daunted, he went against them
again in the afternoon, holding them
down to five hits and one run. There's
nerve for you.
Pace has not caught for Santa Cruz
since the series with San Francisco two
weeks ago, his hands having been badly
hurt at that time-. He will go in again
this week, however, and will add strength
to the team.
Santa Cruz fanatics have petitioned
President Moran to assign "Whltewings"
Cahill for duty here this week, and their
request will probably be granted. The
Santa Cruzans imagine Patsy is the only
umpire in the league.
Sacramento appears to have struck the
up grade again. With the team material
ly strengthened the men have steadied
down and are again playing winning ball,
to the intense joy of the Sacramento
cranks, who Include about every resident
of the capital. Outside of San Francisco
Sacramento is the best ball team on the
Pacific Coast.
Mertes r.as succeeded in breaking into
the game at Chicago, having replaced
Green in right field, the latter having
weakened in his batting. The Chicago
public is delighted with the Callfornian's
work.
Oakland is becoming a hot ball town
again, and the Dudes are receiving loyal
support.
Watsonville nnd Santa Cruz are clamor
ing for country umpires. Tiny pay that
all thr^o are from the city and that the
country should be given at least one
>■• ;'• ree.
Swindells is more than holding his own
among the backstops, and Manager Har
ris is delighted with his work.
Pvnf began the season by batting like
,i National Leaguer, but has fallen down
in his stick work most woefully of late.
"Josh" Riley did not recover from the
rffects of the pitched ball he stopped with
his head last Saturday all that day. For
the remainder of the game his legs were
wobbly, while his head buzzed like a tele
phone bell. ___________
Hujfe Machinery Moved.
An unusual display of heavy transpor
tation was witnessed early this morninp
In the moving of the old Market Street
Railway's turntable from the foot of
Market street to Twenty-fourth and
Nebraska streets. This huge Iron frame
weighing many tons has been sub
stituted by one of more modern con
struction and has bern consigned, like
rood old locomotives, to the scrap pile-.
ii was placed on trucks with a capacity
of thousands of pounds and wheels re
sembling a section of a redwood giant,
and when traffic abated <>n Market street
this morning was hauled up the principal
avenue of the city to Its destination.
The motive power consisted of two score
of animals, and the Immense circular
frame nearly occupied the width of the
street In transit.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
cr without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
C M Hunter. Ogden H Lindsley, Wart
W Baur, N V Mrs W A Frost. Ca)
C Leonard. 1> An*,- X W Kunyon, r n \
P Baer, Chicago Mrs E W Runyon, Cal i
J B Donaldson, Pa Mrs MacGlnnls. Chpo j
G V Horsha, Pa Mlsa MacGinnU, Chga
j H F Wagoner, NT |J Johnston, Salt Lake !
! Mrs II F Waguner.'Mrs J Johnston. I'tan \
N V |F L^nnard. Nevada
C <; Wltte. N v 3 .r Hamtyn, Cal
Mrs C<) Witt.'. NY IT Couch Jr. Cal
T M F McKennan. Pa Mrs E V Sampson, NY
Mrß T M F McKen- Mir>s Wetmore, N V
nan. Pa B Lehman, Guatemala
Dr J W Chisholm, Cal Miss G M Payson,
X Chishotm, Cal Boston
J Porbca. rniaha BUM M Phillips,
J Makan, N V Boston
H B Winter. Liverpool Lady Chlchester, Ire-
W W Walters. Chgo land
Mrs W W Walters, Mm W Brooke & son,
Chicago Manila
C Dunphy. Mlllbrae ! Mrs L S Hallock. N J
3 C (iamape, Cal Mrs I) X Sonnerman,
B A Tubtn, Cal ' Wash
Mrs S A Tobin, Cal G A .Snnnerman. Wash !
H F Hastings, L Ang E C Ely, Conn
I. 8 Brlgham, Mass 1! Mlnzrsheimer, NT !
Mrs L .S Biigham, W Q Downing, Cal
Mans Mrs W G Downing,
Miss L M Brigham, fal
Masa J W Stltt. Cal
Miss D P Brlßham, Mrs J W Stltt. Cal
Mh.sh D T Ames. N V
R o Fuller, Mass Mrs D T Ames, N T
I F A Hlnes. L Ang Q J Ames. N V
A C Fuller. Mass Mrs O J Ames, N V I
! E H Cott«U, H I B Butler. Cal
I J S Cravens, St I^ouls E L Doheny. La
'■ Mrs U a Meyers, St L F X Seggerman, N T
i J C Ludlam, Pa M 1" \rli»H. Stockton
Mrs J C Ludlam, Pa 8 Ulley. Cal
C A Stone, Boston \C W Garver, US T
L J Webßter, Boston \ Sheridan
J M Sherwood, N J j I Efron, Texas
J W Hlnton, L Ang 'S N Buckner, S Jose
GRAND HOTEL.
J H Routt. Jamestown Miss Gibson. Stanford
H L Kline & w. Chlco G M Gibson. Stanford
R Johnson. Stockton C Farnham. Richmond
N P Kelson & w. Cal J H Glide &w. Sacto
X Beswick. Monterey P J McManus, Susto
I S Borden. L Ang J Gross. Australia
1 Mrs M Schoomaker. O IJ Blankfleld, Ky
Mrs B X Orlder, 111 m B Nutter. Stockton
Mrs \V T Pnst. Denver!Mr» E A Kuntz. Stktn
Mias A Nunnelly. Ky |E C Post. N V
Mrs M Palmer, Chgo W L Rodgers, Watsnvl
T J Bolger <!fc w. Chgo'J H Meyers, N V
P Fl Johnson, Cal M T Tonng, Stanford
R L Hutchlnson. Cal C Lilly, Tamalnais
(J N Hendry, Cal W E Eniery, Tamalpe
I> W Havenscroft. Cal W M 81ms, Sacto
' L Everett. <';il It W Van ,'mt'en. Sac
M Duffy. I.h-><ll J O Mrumniond. Cal
II It Judah Jr. Cal P Musto, Stockton
\V B Sanfor.i. S Jose G W .Tullen. Yreka
E '" Kly. Conn Miss Jullen. Yreßa
Ibl A C Grant. S Barb W C Potts & w. James
; .1 Bird. Merced W C Potts & w. Cal
j T W Dean, courtland Ml^ Pot\s, Jamestown
i Master Dean. Courlnd R S Johnson. Stockton
G H Hubbar.L Auburn G F Evans. N C
j M D Healy, Auburn J C Fitzhenry. L Ang
I C X ("adman. Pinole W Sexton. Orovllle
S I) Whittemore & w. R S Holt, Tacoma
Boston A G Ross, Hacoma
Mlbs G Whittemore. .1 H Roth. Peoria
i Boston EII Wlnshlp. Napa
Miss B Whittemore. Mr Cody. Los M^danos
Boston Miss Sarles, Gonzales
Mrs 1 H Ranborn. Bost II L Roberts. Stanford
A E Horlock. Hanford Mrs Pelky, Vmb mb in
Mm S Gamble, I- Ang IMrs Pelky, Novato
L X Oochran, Boston |L W Kellogg, S Diego
i J L McComas, Ariz
P H Hannay. Cal J M Patterson, Yreka
L C Torrence. Pasadna C E Humphreys, Yrka
Mrs W H Henderson. T S Sylvester & w
Buffalo Seattle
L C Frailer. L Gatos
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G R Blcknell, Manila S P Povanchuck Mass
C D Bird, Manila C Carroll, N V
R L Hutchinson, Ma- J H Bacon, Minn
nila IJ N Bacon, Minn
C L Ewlng. Manila M P Crist. L Ang
C E Whltham. Manila F M Bagley, Or-»i?on
E Erlckson, Manila |.T B Wilson. Fr<?3no
J Lender, Manila F M Haskins. T.icoma
W Partlngton, Mrinila D Anderson & w Cal
Miss Kassen, Fresno |W G Thoman, Ohio
H Gallagher, L Ang ! E D McMahon, N V
MIDWEEK NOTES OF
DRAMA AND MUSIC
LONDON, May 25.— Last evening the
Covent Garden Opera Company sang
three acts of "Lohegrin" at Windsor
Castle before the Queen and the royal
family and household by special com
mand of her Majesty. Previous to the
performance Maurice Grau had the honor
of being includfd in the Queen's dinner
party. Alter tho performance the arusts
Were presented to her Majesty by Karl
de Gray, and the Queen thanked them
for the performance.
Evidently Clyde Fitch's play, "Tho
Moth and tho Flame," is up for a big
engagement at the Columbia. The man
agement announce that an extra matinee
will be given on Tuesday. These extra
matinees are always interesting— not only
on account of the show, but on account
of the audience, which is largely made
up of actor folk.
The Alcazar is doing prosperously with
the revival of ''In Mizzoura." one of the
best plays ever written in America. Mr.
Hastings is notably good in the part of
the Sheriff. The Lewis Morrison season
commences Monday with "Hamlet."
The Tivoli's enterprise has been turned
to good account in the production of "The
Mandarin," a new, attractive and high
priced work by De Koven and Smith.
"The Gypsy Baron" is enjoying a sump
tuous production in the Grand Opera
house at the hands of the Southwell com
pany. These singers are gaining steadily
in popularity.
Moung Toon and Moung Chet, the Rur
mose jugglers who do all sorts of incredi
ble tricks without tho aid of their hands,
are the special attraction at the Or
pheum.
The famous Kneisei string rjuartet gives
two concerts this week in the Sherman X-
Clay Hall— to-morrow night and Satur
day afternoon at 3.
The amateur show in the theater at the
Chutes to-night will take the form of min
strels. There will be female as well as
male participants.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
qbk, R "(hP ITT fat
SIOEC HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
S Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
y~V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ia" "SF^SH* ln !*•*•* for thf treatment of Private
a. Dr. Gibbon's Dlspensarj,
I (>2o KEARNV NT. Kstubllsbed
m. In 1N34 fur tbe treatment of Private
V Diseußes, Lost Munhoo<t Uebllit7 or
w •SJJvSsn il iscasfw wiring on body anfl ml nd and
*j3l St'jffi*! skin DUeaiU'S. I'becloctorcuroswh'.rn
jjffl H nihpisfall. Try him. Charges low
oBsj!aß&iSsc3 Carps cuarnnlt'rd. Cullorwrita
Sir. J. I- ■.lllltON, Box 11157. 5 at. Frunclsca
AUCTION SALES.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
General Auctioneers, 638 Market Street.
FRIDAY, May 26. at 10:30 A. M., oa the premises,
803 VAN NESS AYE.. NEAR EDDY ST.,
We Will Sell
THE ELEGANT UPRIGHT PIANO, PARLOR.
CHAMBER AND DINING ROOM FURNI-
TURE COSTLY ORNAMENTS, MOQUET
1 AND VELVET CARPETS, ART SQUARES,
RUGS, etc., contained In 75 elegantly fur-
i nlfheil rooms In use only 4 months.
Note — For particulars see Chronicle.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE & CO.. Auctioneers.
, !^^ mm> "~*™^^*"
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
k^ Steamers leave Broadway
»S^_^ wharf, San Francisco:
Kj^Bftftfc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m. .
'; KP*viß%S9ft May 21- 26, 31; .Tune 5: change
at Seattle -
-1 BfißßlSs^ TOi For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
HKSC^^ai C.), Port Town«cnd, Seattle.
Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m.. May 21. 26, 31: June
6. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Pant tie to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. May
19, 24, 29; June 8, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayueos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. May 20. 24. 28; June 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Ple<ro. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
l/os Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. May 18. 22, 26, 30; June 3, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mairdalena Bay, -San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour* of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE — 1 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. G«n. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC 12 First Class including Berth!
rHIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails May 23.
State of California sails May 18, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena, and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
C3O Market street.
1 GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, Ip. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
' Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong . with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MARU Saturday, July 22
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market at., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
fMMflißTOtfl The a S. Australia
rj&QNIIZ sails for Honolulu
|(rniH« Wednesday, May 31,
■ ™ — —^_ at 2 r m.
?Si>^L*N s - S. Alameda ' sails
>IP3lTl^nint) vla Honolulu and
QjlMlllJlllU 6 ' Auckland for Sydney
YO[llo3l2tf* - Wednesday, June 14,
vyiiifjuicep at 10 p m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc. ; $610 first class. . '
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM. VIA BOU-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
, (8300). STATENDAM (10.500). First Cabin, , $50
' upward; Second Cabin. $37.
Saloon Steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM,
I etc., »27. ■- ■■ .: ■,-.. ... . .',.■ .".  '•■..:..•■:■■. .
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK & SON, Pacific Coast Passenger
I I Agents, 621 Market Street, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
The Greatest Tonic
c£W for the sick, convalescent or
jf " It is assimilable by the weakest
stomach, invigorates the entire system, refreshes, restores
health and strength.
Made only by
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, ST. LOUIS, U.S.A.
Brewers of the celebrated Brands: The Famous Original Budweiser, Faust, Michdob,
Anheuser Standard, Pale Lager, Black and Tan and Anheuser-Busch Dark.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW rORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOHDO*. PAR!*
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York May 31 CN'ew York June 21
St. Paul June 7|St. Paul June 28
St. Louis June 14 1 St. Louis July 6
RED STAR LINE.
. y ew YorV f»nd *ntw%rn.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington May 31 South June 21
Noordland June 7 Westemland ...June 28
Friesland June 14 Kensington July 5
EMPIRE LINE.
6eatt!a. St. MUhael. Dawsoi Cltv.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
COMPAONIE GENERATE TRANSATLANTICS.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. -+-Tif>~
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <^^J^t.fr
from Pier 42, North River, foot of *'*'***
Morton at. LA TOURAINE. May 27: LA GAB-
COGNE. June 3; LA CHAMPAGNE, June 10;
LA BRETAGNE, June 17: LA TOURAINE.
June 24. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward,
5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class
to Havre. $45, 10 per cent reduction on i-ound
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK-PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For. sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agents Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
118 Montgomery at.. Pan Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
| STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. |
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tue«... Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 I
i a. m. 3 15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri- !
! days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8
' p. m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock,
■ Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL. '
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
■-.'. -...•-. LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibupon Perry, Foot of Market St.
SAN KBANCIBCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:»,
! 8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
j at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, »:S«,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
j WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45, :
, 8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 8:40. 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect Ban Francisco.
• April 16. ..
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:20 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,- 'r .-;■
T:Soam ' Windsor, : 10:25 am
Heald&burg,
Lytton,
Gejßervllle,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and | 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 6:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastcpol. 10:40 am 10:23 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm| 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Spring*.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at IJkiah for Vichy,.
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle,
Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro. Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal. WlllittF, Laytonville. Cum-
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle bldg.
H C WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vl* Sfttuollto Parr jr.
Commencing April 23, 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. .
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *8:00.* 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00. 6:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m. ,"
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO. *9:00, »10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, *2:30, »4:00, 5:30. 6:43 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked ■(•) run to San Qupntln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:40, 7:55, 8:40, »10:20
a. m.; 12:30. 2:15. *3:40, 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO.' '•8:00, *9:45, *10:45, *11:45
a. m., 1:00, 2:20. *3:30, »5:15, *6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50, V 7:55, 8:55. 10:33
a. m. 12:35, 2:45, 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at -7:00, 10:20 p. m.
: SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20, 2:40, 3:55. 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week. days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way sta'ns.
1:4,5 p. m. Sundays— Pt. • Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 28, 1899.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a, m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur- ;
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:JO
and 4 p. m.
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return. 81 40.
THOB. COOK 4 SON. Agrts.. «21 Market st,
OCEAN TBAVEL.
r gAILBOAD TBAVXE.
H9vrnr.nm 1-ACIVfC conrAHT.
jraSSSl^' (FACirtO srsTiM.) :;:.■!;.,•-;•■
Train* leave nod nr« daa to nrrlv* mi
•AN rUANCISCO.
(Item Line. Foot of Market Street)
lea ye — From Mat 7, 1899. — arwti
7:00 a Benioia, Suiaun an 1 Sacramento. . . . 5:43p
' 7:OOa Marysvillc, OroTllloaml Reading via
Woodland „ st4Sr
7:00 a Elmlra, Vacarille and Runosoy Bi43r
7:80 a MarUnes, San Raman, Vallejo, Napa,
C'alistog* and Sauta Uo»a 6:l»p .
SiOOa AtlautlcKxpress. Ogilen and Kast.. 8:»5p
»t!l«A Ban .(use, LlT«rmorc, Htocktou,
lone, Sacrameuto, F'acerrille,
M;iry»Tlllo, Chloo, IlluiT 4il3p
»:IIOa *MiUon, Oalcdalo and Honora 4:15p
0:OOa Haywards. Ik » and Way Stations . 1 1 :13a
0:00 a. Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Mcroed and Fresno ia:l3»
OiOOa Fresno, I>akfrsliel<l. Santa ll.u'i
Los Angeles, Demlng, £1 Paso,
Now Orleans and Kast 0:43*
IO:OOa Vallcjo. Martinez and Way Stations 7j45»
11 :OOa Haywards, If iles and Way Stations. 2:45»
DtittOn Niloa, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Meii'lota, Hanfurd, Visalitt,
PcrterTille 4:I«I»
•liWOP Sacramento Hl»er Stonmera *8:OOp
8:00p Haj-ivarda, Niles and Way Statiens, 3i43r
4iOOp Martinez, ."an ltamon, Vallejo,
Napa, OalUloga. Sautu Rosa Ui'Jßa
4iOSr Benlcia, Vacavillo, Sacramento, •
WooiUand, Knights Landing,
MarysTllle, Oro»llle 1 0:48*
4i»opNUe«, San Jose aud Stockton 7:l-"Vp
4i3OpYosemito Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13p
S:OOp Stocktoq, Mercoil, Fresno ia:l3p
StOOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojare aiull.oa Ancelea S:43a
OsOOp Santa Fa Itoate, Atlanllo Kxpress
for Mojaro anil Kaat 6:43»
•:O«p The Owl. Fresno, Bakersfleld, Ban- .
ta Barbara, Los Angeles Br<3»,
OiOOr European Mall, Ogilen aud East...- 9:13*.
' 6:OOp Haywards, Niles and .San Josa 7:13 a
•0:00 !■ Vallejo 1»«13»
7:'K»c Oregon JCxprei«i,HacrHnieuti>, Marys-
vllle, lti-iMluif. Portland, Piiget
Hoiiiklkii.l Kant 7:43*
i»:OOp Vallejo, Port CosU and Way Hta-
tlona 0:30T
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (lunge).
(Foot of Market Street.) ■ J
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JS:©3»
8:15 a If ewark.Centcrrille.San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Han t a Oruz and Way
Stations 3:3O»
•2:13p Newark, Centerrflle, San Joee, Now
Almaden, Fulton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'rincipal Way
Stations MO:3©4
4:1.1 Sun Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20 a
Mi 1 5r Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta- • -
tlons /9:2Ua
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
7ron) SAN mKCISCO— root or M.rket Street (Slip —
♦7:10 f.OO 11:00 a.m. tl:00 •2:03 13:00
•4:00 t!:00 •6:COr.M.
rromOHUHD— root orßroaJwuj.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00
U2:OQ »l:00 t2:CO *3:00 ti:C3 -5:00p.II.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (Jange).
(Third and Townscnd Sts.) -
•0:1 Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. *0:30»
•7:OOa Han .Tone nml Way StatloDl (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30f
|7>3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Sant% Cruz, Piidno Grovo and
Principal Way Stations 13:33*
tiOOA Han .lone. Tre» riuoa. Sitnta Cruz,
Pnrlllo Orove. I'aßn Robles, Kan
I.ula Obiapo, Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Wny Stations 4:l«r
lOiIOa S*n .loss and Way .Stations »8:OOA
11:3Oa San Jose ami Way Stations 0:307
•2:43 p San Matro, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .Inaa.
(Jilroy, ilolliHter, Saula Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Orore *IO:3flA
•3:»Op San Jose mid Way Stations *0:»Oa
MtlSp San Jn3eaiMl Principal Way Stations 0:43*.
•3:OOpSanJoseand Principal Way Stations 6:.1."» a
S:3O[> San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:3.1 A
fl::tOpSanJost>ainl Way Stations 7:»0p
fll:4Sp San Jose and Way Stations " 7:30p
A for Moniiug. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday eicepted. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
tSaturday and Sunday /Sundar and Monday.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Train Leaves San!
Francisco via Los Angeles at »
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th«
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1:SO P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and EJeotrio
Lighted Sleeping: Car. -
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Ml FRANCISCO llCttflfflCE— IS MARKET ST.]
TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara St.
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
w\3Pt^smb\ V'lA THE
IfwlJnion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE). "
ONLY 8% DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leave* San Francisco dally at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO' AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Prom Jan. 28, 1899. trains will run as follow)
Bouth-bound. . • North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. - - Mixed. Passen*
ier. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd . Exo'ptd Dally.
T:W am 10:30 am Stockton 8:45 pm «:00 pig
1:10 am 2:06 pm Merced - 12:40 pm 4.13 pn
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 8:80 am 2:42 pa
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pn
t:25 pm 12:80 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 an
11:69 ami 6:25 pm Vlsalla 8:40 am 1:22 pa
:15 pm| 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 ami 1:05 pn
r Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
' For particulars of stage and other connection!
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 821 Mark*
Mrset. San Francisco.
910
TATTOOED BIRDS
ON DUNPHY'S BACK
PAT'I. A. PVMPHY. well known and well liked on the Hialto, has re
turned from Manila, whore he has seen hard service with the Four
teentb [nfaatry. Dunphy received his discharge from the army from
Washington at the instance of President McKlnley. "When the war
broke out Paul enlisted alone with a number of other young men from
this city in i)w Fourth Cavalry.
During the fighting Dunphy distinguished himself on more than one oc
casion. Along with the rest of his
regiment in- Blept and fought in the I
trenches for over a month without I
On the Journey home Punphy fell a I
victim t<> a conspiracy laid by a few I
fellow returning aoldiers, and as a re- I
suit Paul is now in hot water, the I
story of the affair having been thor- I
oughly circulated along the line. At I
sakl Paul and a lr-w of the sol- I
diers went ashore to see the sights I
ntally have a "bit of a good I
time." The entire party visited sev- I
i r.,i places of amusement, and all im- I
bibed freely— save Dunphy. who I
chided his companions for drinking I
mo freely.
Dunphy repeatedly requested his I
mates to stop the boisterous carousal I
and return to the ship. This gave I
them an Incentive to eW even in a I
l-natuned way. One of the boys I
knew the nooks and crooks of the I
port like a book, and he guided thorn I
into a dark alley. They all filed into I
the narrow street one after another. I
Dunphy was the last man in the line. I
When ho was about to pass a hall- I
way lv- was seized from behind by I
of his companions and ehloro- I
formed.
Tln boys carried Dunphy into a re- I
sort where the natives were exception- I
allj clever artists with India ink. It I
was the work of a few moments to I
hare Paul's back, and in less time I
than it takes to tell it the artists had I
tattooed a ring of native birds around I
Dunphy's shoulders. The birds are I
of variegated shades and hues, and I
they lend a pit I effect to the I
plat i.I Pauls tr. pi. -tanned hid* 1 .
Y\~hen Dunphy came his senses he was aboard ship several miles
from Nagasaki. He instantly discovered that he had been tampered with
in a very rude manner by his shipmates, but Dunphy, who enjoys a joke
as well as anybody, met th situation philosophically.
The only request he had to make was that the boys should keep the
affair a secret, but the story leaked out nevertheless, and when Dunphy
v ' :is I yesterday about the affair he bestowed a knowing smile
.■■ reporter and said: "Well, the boys did job me, 1 then It cost
them something and I guess they haven't got none the best of me. It was
a joke, and aside from the fact that I'm decorated ~ith birds of all sizes
and colors, I rather enjoyed it myself. I had a pleasant trip, and though
we went through a rough campaign, the boys were Tetty well satisfied
with the conditions down there. Of course they all want to come back,
and when I left there it was generally understood that the volunteers
would be. returned very shortly."
CLEAVERS WERE
LAID ASIDE FOR
PLEASURE
Butchers Enjoy Their
Annual Outing.
IMMENSE CROWD ATTENDS
HORSE-RACING THAT PROVED
VERY EXCITING.
An Interesting Programme WTnch Is
Carried Through Without a
Hitch — Incidents of
the Day.
There were so many thousands of people
at the sixth annual celebration of the
Butchers' Board of lYade yesterday that
the turnstiles at the racetrack became
cloKged from constant turnings, and the
half-dozen ticket-takers at Shell Mound
Park became exhausted tearing off cou
pons from the cards of admission. From
early morning until late in the- afternoon
lone lin« -s of cars emptied th^ir human
frelpht into the two piacos. The commit
f arrangements congratulated its-lf
that not an accident marred the day's
pleasure.
Despite th<» thtvaronlngr woather the
crowd (-(jualed that of previous years. A
more dfliphtful day for a picnic could
hardly be chosen by the knights of the
cleaver. On tho Oakland side the sun
phono brightly and the lipht apparel worn
by the pleasure-seekers was In harmony
with tho weather.
When the horses lined up for the Initial
race of the day th^re was not a vacant
fipot in the grand stand, paddock or bet
ting ring. Fully 10,000 persons cheered the
A HOMING PIGEON'S
CLEVER PERFORMANCE
Skyrocket, a California Bird, Covered 400
Miles in 13 Hours and 2U Minutes.
THE California Pigeon and Homing Society held its long distance race last
Sunday from Roseburg, Oregon. Fourteen birds owned by halt a dozen
members were released by an official liberator at 5:45 a. m. at Roseburg,
who telegraphed the weather was fair and cool. The first bird to arrive in
Ihis city was H. G. Hemebright's Skyrocket at 7:06:30 p. m.; distance 377 miles
326 yards, air line, making an average speed of 828.25 yards . per minute. Heme
lirifrht's Little Aggie arrived one minute later. These birds "were the only ones
t" report on the same day. This is the longest distance ever flown on this coast
in a day. The winner is worthy of great credit, from the fact that he was only
trained as far .op Sisson. Cal., from which place he failed to return in time to
enter the Ashland (Or.) race, about two weeks ago. Skyrocket is just one year
old.
Everything seems to go Hemebrlghfs way, he not only winning three
straight races In the northern series, but also In the race from Ashland, Or.,
his birds broke all Pacific Coast records for speed. In the race from Rose
burg, Or., his birds made the longest one day fly on record. He also won a first
prize diploma for best average speed in the series, as well as one for each race.
I horses and riders as they swept by the
Judge's stand. The lust event was a free
for all trotting race. The first heat and
1 first money was taken by S. Hammond's I
Guy Yernon. Time, 2:24. The second heat
resulted in G. Porrell's Orllla J winning
over her field, with M. Hart's Herald sec
ond. The most exciting race of the day '
was the steer event. M. Shweitzer's Cor- I
sine defeated I. Poly's Champion Billy :
by a short margin. The horned rivals I
went the fifth of a mile in less than a
minute, fast traveling for bovinea. The i
last race of the day was not witnessed by
many, as the mounts were too skittish
and could not be started in a bunch. The
delay was principally caused by one of
the entries Hying around the track twice
the jockey being unable to stop his flight. '
In Shell Mound Park the crowd was not
nearly as great, but sufficient to till every
corner of the large grounds. The pavilion
was thronged with dancers throughout
the day. At times it was bartjy possible
for a couple to pick their way through
< the crowd when tripping a measure. :
Bennett's band furnished excellent music. '
A cake walk by ten ladies and gentle
men of color was a feature of the day.
The performance was given on a long
platform in the racetrack. After a most
interesting exhibition of fancy turns, con- ;
tortions and graceful steps, the Judges
decided in favor of Jack and Martha
, Stewart. The efforts of little Tudie Tay
lor nd Harry Mangles, 4-year-old per
formers, pleased the spectators.
A riot was nearly caused by a candy
distribution. The committee attempted
to pass the boxes around to the ladies,
; but a score of boys whose mouths watered
for the sweets gathered around the mem- !
bers and fought for possession of the
I boxes. The result was that the com
mittee was dispossessed of the packages
and retired in a rumpied condition.
The races provided great amusement
and were hotly contested. The winners
in the events were:
Running race for men, free for all, two laps,
prize $s— Miles Beck.
Running race for members, one lap, prize $3 —
C. Glfford.
Running race for men, free for all, four laps,
prize $5— F. Wilson.
Running race for cash boys employed by
members, prizes $3 and $2 50 — J. Shanahan and
P. McDonough.
Running race for journeymen butchers, two
laps, prize $5— C. Tye.
Fat men's race, for members only, weight 205
pounds— Abe lilumenthal.
Three-legged race, prize $2 50— E. Jeffress
and Fred Heck.
Boys' race, under IS years of age, two laps,
prize $2 50— C McFadden.
Fat men's race, free for all, weluht 205
! pounds, prize $s—Fred5 — Fred Beck.
Race for fat women, prize — Mrs. G. Smith.
Race for ladles, prize $3 — Miss H. Jones.
Race for girls under 18, prize $2 — Maggie
j Moore.
Race for girls under 12, prizes $3 and $2— E.
Raymond and F. Hasketh.
Hop, skip and Jump, prize $2 — R. McShane.
Race for members' wives, prize $s— Mrs. Par
: ker.
The races at the Emeryville track re- •
1 suited as follows:
Free for all trotting race — First heat. S.
i Hammond's Guy Vernon: second heat, C. Por
rells' Orilla J won, M. Hart's Herald second
'■■ Time. 2:24.
Free for all pacing— First heat, H. Patrick's
| Catinka; second heat, Charles Durfee's R.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, MAT 25, 1899.
TVilkes won, J. Coon's Plunkett second.
Free for all running—C. W. Chappell's Brown
Prince won, W. W. Fisher's Una Colorado sec
ond. E. A. Chappell's Billy McCloskey third.
Tim.\ l:43'i.
Hutchers' trotting and pacing race—First
heat T W. Combs' Orilla J; second heat,
S Hammond's Guy Vernon won. Me Schweit
zer's Herald second. Time, 2:28.
Steer running race, one-fifth of a mile—M.
Schweitzer's Conine won, I. Holy's Billy see
on.l V M. Slater's Golden Gate third.
Butchers' special enrt race—First heat, F.
Merrill'a Bonnie won; second heat, George Rey
nolds' Maiden won, G. Tassl's Head Light
second. Time. 2:43. __,„
Vaquero race—l. Thomas' Billy won; William
Barney's Cricket second, S. Smith's Shoot the
Chuies third.
Three-quarters of a mile for professionals-
Silver State (Enoa) won, Lochness (Frawley)
second), lnverary II (Holmes) third. Time,
One mile for professionals—Alvero (Stewart)
wn. Magnus (Enoa) Becond; Dare II (Vickery)
third. Time, 1:43.
The success of the celebration was due
to the efforts of the following commit
tees:
General committee of arrangements—Captain
J, 11. McMenomy (chairman), Harry Munson,
James Hall, Fred Carlus, Fred Becker, k.
Werthelmer, Henry MofCatt, K. \\ annemacher,
Committee on programme at racetrack—John
Lacoste (chairman). A. Deoourtieux. Henry
Westphal l/'ii N'onneman, Bert Coombs. A. F.
Clayburffh, Edward Taffe, U. M. Slater, Isaac
Finance committee—J. Buttgenbach (chair
man) E. Kelly. D. A. Huntemann, t. Schuck,
Paul Freise, F. C. Wlntera
Music committee—R. Wannemacher (chair
man). O. G. Newhall.
Committee on programme at Shell Mound-
EC Schrieber (chairman), Joe Flach, H. C.
Flageollet.
Committee on racetrack gntes—F. J. Me-
Qowan (chairman), Frank Merrill, Charles
Bai cub, Henry Meyn.
f, mmittee on Shell .M"i:nn pates—J. Nol
thenius (chairman), C. Ault. Mr. Steinhauseer.
Floor nianai;.'r 1..w.-r pavilion—Sam Meyer.
Floor manager upper pavilion—J. H. Shone.
Judges—B. Horn Sr.. E. G. Rodolph, Sam
Solomon. . „.
Timers—L. D. Stone, M. Schweitzer, J. .
Phillips.
Mrs. Bancroft Gets a Judgment.
ALAMKDA. May 24.—Judge St. Sure dis
posed of the famous Bancroft-Hamilton
case in-day by (jiving Judgment fur th<>
plaintiff for $45 35. Sarah K. Bancroft
sued Robert Hamilton for $07 for alleged
dan Sages to the premises at 1427 San An
tonio avenue while they were leased by
th<^ lattrr. The complaint alleged that
nails had been driven into the plastering
and pr.-asc spilled on the carpets. Owing
to the prominence of the parties the ac
tion created considerable interest.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May 24.
Stmr State of California, Goodall. 48 hours
45 minutes from Portland, via Astoria 38 hours
4.". minutes. ■-;■ .
Bark Amy Turner. Warland, 22 days from
Hi!. i.
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, 2S days from
Honolulu. _ ,
Schr Nettie Low, Ix>w, 6 hours from Point
Reyes. _
Schr Marion, Genereaux, 11 days from Ever
ett.
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 24.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Hull. Coos Bay.
DOMESTIC PORT.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed May Schr
Newark, fur San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 24— Stmr Trave,
from Bremen and Southampton.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
CaJl. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkin street; open until 3:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
10« Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission *treet; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
ftraets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and a. !■"
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) J^_
EVENING, May 25. at 7:30 o'clock. T^jf
Third degree. By order of the Mas- /V'
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— ■
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) „ Mk m
EVENING. May 25. 7:30 o'clock, :u\T
Mission Masonic Temple, 2668 Mission f^r^
st. Royal Arch degree. Royal Arch Masons
cordially invited. By order of the H. P. .
JNO. R. HILLMAN, Sec,
DORIC Lodge No. 210. F. arid A. M..Ma- ft
sonic Temple. Called meeting THIS _«%
(THURSDAY) EVENING at "- :i| }C3f
o'clock. Second degree. By order of A^r*
the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
PACIFIC LODGE 155, I. O. O. F.— ~v-.."."-
Initiation THIS (THURSDAY) £5&3h&.
EVENING. May 2.". IS!' .' ' -rftSJBKS!?
F. D. ASHWORTH. Rec. Sec. "mW-
THE B. F. Scottish Thistle Club v %7 \.
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 5, Gkjy
ING. Fraternity Hull. 32 O'Farrell *»W
St., at 8 o'clock. Smoker follows. < <-JWf
JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
THE Caledonian Club will hold its v O" Nt
thirty-third annual gathering and 3V, t*iX7
gamea at Sh<-ll Mound Park on %T^
TUESDAY, May 30. As usual. **S-7»
the best athletes of the Pacific Coast will
compete for prizes of coin. Jewels, badges and
other articles of value; $2500 in cash will be
distributed to successful competitors; full
bands and renowned bag pipers will furnish
music for the grounds and dancing platform
a Hlchland hospitality will be extended to
guests and an unequaled day of pleasure will
be afforded to all comers; buy tickets for
Shell Mound Park: adults 50c; children 25c
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Sec.
SAN Francisco. May 24, 1839— Harmony Alli-
ance No. 15, S. p. A. of America— Brothers
a regular meeting will be held THIS
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock. Im-
portant business concerning picnic to be held
at Schuetzen Park June 11 will be transacted
Yours fraternally. JOHN GANEY Pres
JOS. O'BRIEN, Sec.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
■ COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of eaid company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock In the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company
number 327 Market St.. In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000), In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said company now owned or hereafter to be
.acquired by said- Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
•Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. " H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany. : v- :■ :
.^— — -— — — — .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 u*j>7
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 418 Mrru-rrnerv °t room« 9-10: t»t. 5580.
DIVIDEND M'TICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 93 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany on and after THURSDAY, June 1, 1599.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY. May
26, 1893. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ,
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Pcwell. nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1821."
CHINKS*J?«»nd Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1937. Bradley Co., 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WAJiTBU- FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
tun ion cooking and housework; wages $10
to $15; country preferred. MISS CULLEN.
325, Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St. ■;
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, young and
strong, desires situation; understands all
branches of cooking; best of references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, superior person, wants situa-
tion; has -4 years' reference;, will go for $30;
we have also a first-class nurse for sanitar-
ium or for invalid wanting situation, gee J.
F. CROSETT ft CO., 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESSES— 2 superior waitresses want sit-
uations together for hotel or springs. Send
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell. St., tel. Main 5332,
help of all natlonalties await positions.
YOUNG nurseglrl wishes to take care of J
child. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 ; Powell st.
SITUATIONS WASTED Continued.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook Just from the
East wants place in city, $25. Call or phone
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.; phone
Grant 185.
PARLORMAID and waitress, very best refer-
ences, now open to engagement. C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
COMPETENT first-class woman'; good refer-
ences from Russ House for first-class work;
also from .others; good housecleaner; willing
to do anything. 276 Jessie st., near Fourth,
room 1, rtrst floor.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and dishwasher or
helper; English, French and Hungarian style;
first-class pastry; first-class hotel; references.
Apply at 242 Natoma St., basement.
STEADY competent girl wishes situation to do
cooking end general housework in a small
family; city or short distance in the country.
Address 1555 Pine at.
COMPETENT English cook, middle-aged
woman: nice housekeeper and baker, or
I would take care of sick; city or country;
wages $12 to $15. 60 Third Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to do
general housework by the day; low wages;
good city references. Call at 308^6 Clementina
st., near Fourth.
YOUNG American girl, age 24, would like to
assist in housework; more for a good home
than wages; references given. Inquire 1219
Mission st.
EASTERN woman of 30 wishes position as
managing housekeeper; good home more of
an object than wages; city or country. 29
Eddy st., room 15, first floor.
MAN and wife want situations country hotel
or boarding house; man first-class cook; wife
good laundress and pastry cook. 312 Van
Neas aye.
GIRL wishes a place to do housework and care
for children. Call at 33 Madison aye.. oft
Harrison St., between Fifth and Sixth sts.
RESPKCTAIU.K young girl wishes a position
at general housework. Apply for 2 days at
271 Clementina .«t., off Fourth.
YOUNG lady from East wishes position as at-
tendant to Invalid lady or child. Address M.
M. 8., Y. W. C. A., 1259 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— By capable woman, position as
working housekeeper or Invalid's nurse. Ad-
dress box 73G. Call office.
RESPECTABLE German girl from the East
wants chamberwork; city or country. 1773
Market St., opposite Gough.
YOUNG German woman wishes place for
housework; can cook; will sleep home. Call
from 10 to 3, 813 Van Ness. aye.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day.
washing, ironing or cleaning. Call at 103 Van
Ness aye.
YOUNG woman wants housework or plain
cooking in small family: wages $3 50 per
week. Call .>r address 1061 Howard st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework In a nice, small family; no let-
ters Apply 519 Eighth St., Oakland.
YOUNG woman with a child .wishes situation;
city or country. Box IS. Call office.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
* work and cooking. 412 Larkin st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing,
Ironing and cleaning. 856 Mission st.
LADY wants position as housekeeper; country.
Musical, box 20, Call office.
WANTED— A situation by dlplomee young
lad}', well versed in French, Italian, Ger-
man and English; prefers to be companion
or chaperon to ladies desiring to travel or
study on the continent; references given.
Box 150. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
housework, cook, wash and Iron ; no objec-
tion to short distance in the country; mod-
erate wages. Call 551H Howard st.
YOUNG girt would like to take care of one
child: must b? a year old. Please call at
61A Zoe st.. bet. Bryant and Brannan and
Third and Fourth.
MnTHER and daughter wish situations as
cook and second girl; country preferred.
1635 Mission.
COOK and wife wish a situation in a coun-
try hotel: good all-around cook, thoroughly
experienced. 802 Montgomery St., room 23.
A YOUNG woman wishes a place in a hotel
in the country: upstairs work and waiting.
Address 37 Morris aye.
WANTED— Work by the day by reliable
woman; good laundress; $1 and car fare.
410 Franklin st.
AMERICAN w.nnan wants place as cook In
small Institution June 1. Address box 5421.
('all office, < Mkland.
YOUNG German girl of 15 years of age wishes
situation t<< take care of a child. 35 Moss st.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general
housework by day or week. 651 Vi Howard.
LADY would like position to do plain sewing
or second work. 865^4 Market, room 9.
t;< iMI'ETENT dressmaker desires engagements
with first-class families, to go to the house.
r. -X 622, Call office.
YOUNG lady cashier or Italian interpreter with
first-claw? business experience and references
wants position. Address H. P., box 781. Call.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 150 Fourth St.. room 12.
GOOD home wanted for a strong girl of 15 who
is able to work and wishes to learn house-
work. Address 8., box 633, Call office.
LADY, good in composition wants position aa
amanuensis or private secretary; stenog-
rapher. Box 71", Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 SO night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bacgace to and fr'«m ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all klnda
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 5«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
beet help. 4144 O'Farrell st. : tel. East 424.
WANTED- Position to take care of institution,
public building or private place by a re-
spectable married couple without children;
good references; can put up security if re-
quired. Address D., box 682, Call office, Oak-
land.
COACHMAN and gardener; thoroughly com-
petent and K<"'d. careful driver; can milk
and do all other work around gentleman's
place. Box 8%, Call office.
YOUNG man wants a position where he can
make himself generally useful; is a good
carpenter with plenty of tools. Address
box 737. Call office.
COACHMAN and pardoner wants situation;
careful driver; best city references; .'. years
In last place. Box 17, Call office.
: ACTIVE, elderly man. good all around harness-
maker and repairer, can do some carriage
trimming, wants work in a country shop or
on a large ranch; references; wages moder-
ate. Address Box 670, Call office.
! POSITION wanted by trained nurse in hospi-
tal or to take chart,? of Invalid. Address M.
BUTLER, Cosmopolitan Hotel.
YOUNG man, handy about place, desires em-
ployment In city or country. Address M., box
no, Call.
1 GARDENER, German, wishes situation; expe-
rienced and able man: good florist; city ref-
erences. Address T. H., 167 Minna st.
i JAPANESE wants situation for family, office.
i saloon; $5 week up. H. V., 35 Willow aye.
I SITUATION wanted (Just arrived from East) by
two first-class 20 years' experienced compe-
tent 1 meat, 1 pastry cook, bread and cakes;
best of references; sober and steady; wish
places; city or country. Address box 782, Call.
WANTED— Situation as engineer; can run
dynamo or any kind of small plant: willing
to do other work: good reference. Address M.
F. C. 23, r , Minna st.
HELP n \Mi.i)-ri:>ivi,i;.
CHAMBERWORK. $25; private family. MIS 3
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, San Mateo
County. $20. MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT cook, institution, $30. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
CHAMKEKWiiRK, $12: sleep home. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Ft.
COOK, small boarding house, $30 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
TWO hotel waitresses, city, $20 per month; 3
waitresses, country. $20 each. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— 3 waitresses for nice commercial
country hotels, $20; laundress, nice hotel, $20;
chambermaid, wait one meal, city, $20;
waitress, neat restaurant, $6; cook for laun-
dry hands In country. $20; girls for house-
work for Newark, $25; Santa Clara. $20:
Mountain View, 3 in family. $25; Menlo
Park, $20; Belvedere, $20; Redwood City, %20-
Mill Valley, $25; San Rafael, $25; Point
Reyes, $25: Berkeley, $25; Llvermore, $20 Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
WANTED— Second girl and seamstress, $25;
Protestant second girl, short distance, $20;
second girl, city, $20; German cook, no wash,
$30; French nursery governess, $25; 2 nurses,
$20; German nurse, $20; six Scandinavian
girls for housework In small American fam-
ilies, $20 and $25; 15 neat Irish girls for
housework and cfloklng, $20 and $25; neat
Irish cook, no wash, 3 in family, $25; laun-
dress, private family, $20; and many others
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
COOK for city, wages $25; young girl for Palo
Alto; girl for Livermore; girl for Belvedere;
girl for San Mateo; 25 young e-irls to assist
MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter St., Phone Main
804.
EXPERIENCED nurseglrl wanted to take care
of infant; must have references and be neat
and reliable. Apply at 2116 California at.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Head waitress, $30; 8 waitresses for resorts,
$20; waitress, springs, $20, fare one way, see
party here; 2 waitresses, same commercial
country hotel, $20; 6 waitresses, different
country hotels, $20; 4 waitresses, city, and 3
chambermaids to wait, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
Woman cook for mountains for private fam-
ily, $20, fare paid; 25 girls for cooking and
general housework, $16 to $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ■
WOMAN cook for small resort, very choice
place, and waitress chambermaid, same place;
see party here to-day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — lady; accomplished piano
player and singer. Apply bet. 1 and 2 p. m.
to-day. 9 Powell St., room 6, STEWART.
STRONG competent Gorman girl for general
housework and cooking. Call 317 Larkin St.
between 2 and 4 p. m.
GIRL for light housework; Protestant pre-
ferred. 17A Columbia Square, between
Sixth and Seventh sts. ■
YOUNG girl to take care of baby. 1714 Geary
St., near FUlmore.
WANTED— An apprentice for dressmaking at
234 Post st., room 10.
GOOD German girl, who wants good home;
light housework. 508 Hyde st., bet. 9 and 12.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1350 Jack-
son st., upstairs.
ACTIVE woman about 40; used to work; wages
$10. 1021 Van Ness aye.; call after 9.
WANTED — Good finishers on custom coats;
steady work. 40 Ellis St., room 52.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 629 Mc-
Allister st. good wages.
PANTS FINISHERS— RoyaI $4 Pants Co7[
223 Kearny st. !
YOUNG Protestant girl for general housework;
small family. 1723 Post st.
GIRL for housework and cooking; wages, $15.
2023 Sacramento st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework;
small family; good home. 914% Oak st.
YOUNG strong woman for washing and iron-
Ing Mondays and Tuesdays. 317 Larkin st.
YOUNG girl for Berkeley to assist in light
housework and caring for baby, $10. Apply
2 to 6, 504% Devisadero st.
GIRL to do light housework; sleep home;
wages $10. 1108 Fulton «t.
TWO ladies of good address: good terms.
Room 3, 1007% Market st., near Sixth.
WANTED— A young German girl to do light
housework. 2232 Mission st.
OPERATORS •on overshirts and underwear,
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont st.
WANTED— German girl for light housework;
wages $13. 226 Third St., bakery.
OPERATORS and finishers on pants. 226 Minna
street.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leavenworth st.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
j M^R^AV^^RETDTTTTTrr^pTione^Maln 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
12 haymakers, different jobs
$1 25 day and found
14 milkers $30, $25 and $20 and found
18 choremen and boys for different ranches,
orchards, vineyards, etc., $26, $25, $20. $15
and found; 127 farm, orchard and vineyard
hands, $30. $26, $25, $20 and found
Milker and wife, $35 and found; blockmakers,
$2 50 day; vegetable gardener; slate splitters,
$2 50 day.
BLACKSMITHS— CARPENTERS
12 blacksmiths and horseshoers for different
jobs, $3, $2 50 day and found. $50, $45, $40 and
$30 and found, shops, ranches; camps, etc
2 carpenters, Santa Cruz County
2 blacksmiths' helpers $45 month, $1 75 day
...MACHINISTS— PLANING MILL HELP...
2 machinists, country shops
Hard-wood finisher
GOLD MINERS
3 miners, gold mine, No. 1 mine $2 50 day
12 laborers for mine, no experience $2 day
3 diamond drillers $3 day
IN SAN FRANCISCO ".
2 drivers, milk wagons, $25 and found ,
6 laborers, board yourselves home $1 75 day
15 laborers, pick and shovel jobs..sSO and found
TO THE SAWMILLS AND WOODS
26 crosscut sawyers, different Jobs
(86 and found
16 timber fellers, different Jobs.. s4o and found
6 bark peelers $26 and found
2 setters, Steams' blocks $52 and found
7 jackscrewers $32 50 and found
Head donkey man... $40 and found
4 spooltenders $30 and found
20 lumber pliers., $2 day
40 laborers in woods $26 and found
197 woodchoppers, tools found.. s2. $1 50 and $1
cord; 2C4 tlemakers. tools found, 8c to 12c
each; boys to learn blacksmith and bakery
trades; young man, little experience carriage
works, $26 and found; young man, little ex-
perience blacksmithlne, $15 and found; <"•
stabler? en, different Jobs, $25 and $20 and
found.
MURRAY & READY,.
634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Every day, via Third and Townsend st. depot,
9 a. m.
S. P. COAST DIVISION
500 teamsters, two horses
500 teamsters, four horses
500 laborers, common work
166 rockmen
186 drillers
166 hammersmen
546 laborers for other railroads
857 laborers for other railroads
INTO MONTEREY VALLEY
26 screeners of gravel
63 laborers different jobs
96 two and four horse teamsters, good Jobs
All Railroad Jobs are
Free Fare and only $1 fee
Come and go yourselves and take your friends.
MURRAY & READY. €34-636 Clay St.
COOKS WAITERS ......DISHWASHERS
Chef cook, exceptionally good Job, $65 and
found: 12 cooks, different Jobs $50, $40. $30,
$25 and found; 16 dishwashers, $25, $20, $15 and
found; 2 waiters for mines and camps. $25
and $20 and found: 9 waiters, hotels and re-
sorts. $30, $25 and found; 3 pantrymen, good
hotels, $25 and found. MURRAY & READY,
! 634-636 Clay st.
BAKER, country shop $35 and found
6 assistant bakers and helpers $25, $20 and $15
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
WANTED— — — — — —
FOR THE
COAST RAILROAD... AND... ROAD
SHIP DAILY ;
FREE FARE....... FREE FARE.
OFFICE FEE $100
Stone masons $3 00 a day
Headermen $2 50 a day
Drillers $2 25 a day
Muckers $2 00 a day
Rock laborers $2 00 a day
4-horse teamsters $2 00 a day
2-horse teamsters $1 7.", a day
Laborers $1 75 a day
Screeners $1 75 a day
Concrete mixers $2 00 a day
................. FREE FARE
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary- st.
MEAT and pastry cook, $65: second cook, ho-
tel. $50; cooks, $7 and $10 a week; kitchen
hands and dishwashers, $30 to $15; 6 laundry-
men; cake baker, $35 and found C. R.
HANSEN & Co., 104 Geary st.
FARMERS. $30 and found, fare, 50c; 15 farm-
ers, $26; blacksmith, $2 50 a day, fare 10c;
blacksmith, $40 and found, fare 75c; horse-
shoer,'slo a week and found: 2 helpers. $1 25
and $30 and found; 4 timber fellers, $40 and
found; 15 laborers around mill and woods.
see boss here, $30 and $26 and found. C R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 TIMBER fellers. $40 and found; 10 cross-
cut sawyers, $35 and found. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
100 YOUNG able-bodied men for different kinds
of railroad work; no experience required. Ap-
ply to C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— young Scandinavians or Germans,
call early this morning, $2 and $2 25
a day, free fare; carpenter for ranch, plain
work: choreman, handy with tools; 25 milk-
ers, farmers and dairymen; 5 blacksmiths,
$40 and board, $60 and $2 50 per day; expe-
rienced laborers for brickyard, $30 and found;
45 men for sawmills and woods; laborers to
handle fruit. $35 and board; machinist, coun-
try, $3; iron molders,: country, $3 J. F
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— B quartz and gravel miners, good
place: tlmberman for mine, $2 75 day; la-
borers and tunnel men, $1 75 to $2 50 per day,
and 500 other men for different kinds of
work. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento Bt. ' . :
WANTED— Kitchen man, good hotel, $20; cook,
country restaurant, $40 and found; cook'
small country hotel, $30 and Increase; boy
for bakery, $15: waiters, kitchen men and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— for family work; good place-
: $35. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO 316
: Suttcr st. ; , .
WANTED '
Blacksmith for mine, good steady Job, at $3
per day; carpenter for mine. $2 50 per day-
driver for milk route in city, blacksmith for
camp In city, • $26 and board; second-hand
baker for country shop, fare advanced, $25
and found.
6 Milkers near city $26 and $30
Farmers ........:.... $26
RAILROAD WORK NEAR CITY...
10 Laborers — . — $2 per day
15 Drillers $2 25 to $2 50 per day
15 Strikers $2 25 to $2 50 per day
Farmer for hep ranch, steady job $26
10 men to work in brick yard near city, $30 ■
to $35 and board; shoemaker . for institution
near city, $20 and found; crosscut sawyer,
near city,- $30 and board: • quarryman 1 for
good Job near city, $2 50 per. day: cooks and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., «10 Clay st.
HELP WAVTKD- Continued.
MAN for indoor work, $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. |
MAN and wife, $40 per month. MISS CUL- I
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND butler, $30 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter et.
WANTED— Young gentleman with capital for
manufacturing business; must be well edu-
cated and capable of dealing with the best
class of people; no other need apply. Box
22. Call.
WANTED— Steady man to keep plain accounts
and assist ln light work; must have $12."i cash
and be satisfied with $15 per week. Western
Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
WANTED— Young man. experienced in putting
up orders in a wholesale grocery or coffee j
house; give age, references and wages ex- |
pected. . j
WANTED— Young man with some experience j
to help ln bakery; German preferred. 3899
Twenty-fourth St., corner Sanchez.
WANTED — Carriage blacksmith partner to
open shop in Napa. Wheelwright, box 15,
Call.
WANTED— A clean sober middle-aged man to
help ln saloon; small wages. Box 14. Call.
PAINTER, whitener, paperhanger, who will
take work out ln rent. Address box 19. Call.
THIRD hand to work in bakery at 187 Flftti
• st. Call between 11 and 4 o'clock.
TAILOR wanted. 520 Kearny St., room 1.
BARBER— Wanted for evenings and Satur-
days and Sundays. 107*; Fifth st.
WANTED — Steady man with small capital.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
BARBER to buy 15c shop running 2 chairs;
bargain in city. 616 Clay st.
WANTED— Barber; $6 a week amT board. 2207
Mission st. corner Eighteenth.
WANTED— General tailor. 35 O'Farrell st.
GOOD neat young waiter at 1390 Turk St.:
call early.
WANTED-4 camp blacksmiths for general
work. Apply to E. B. STONE, Elmhurst.
WANTED— Good barber; steady job; good
wages. 377 Ninth St., Oakland.
BA -S?- E ,^ Bhop for Bale ln Healdsburg. J. M.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corns, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 inch ln height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines. Alameda County Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN .TOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
SALESMEN— S4OO a month and all expenses
guaranteed selling to merchants Arctic Re-
frigerating Machines for cooling refrigerators;
guaranteed 75 per cent cheaper than ice; ex-
clusive territory assigned. ARCTIC RE-
FRIGERATING CO., Cincinnati, O.
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
road; apply at Stone's camp, nea* Giant sta-
tion; wages, $1 75 to $1 90: also first-class
tunnel men; apply at Point Richmond; wages
$1 75. $2 and $2 50. E. B. STONE. San Pablo.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; ]50 large
rooms; 2Gc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work: blankets and bedding
free; fare from Oakdale to Sonora free. Ap-
ply to A. E. BUCKMAN, 302 Montgomery st.
YOUNG man to assist in office In part pay-
ment for business course. DURHAM'S
BUSINESS COLLEGE, Supreme Court build-
inff.
COMPETENT drug clerk; good salary; city
references required. Box 651 Call office.
$600— BARBER shop, building and bedroom
complete, firstclass. Particulars of G. W.
S., Eastland, Cal.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Devisa-
dero and Broadway, city.
WANTED— Three farm hands. Apply 1021^4
Market st
BARKERS— Good shop for sale In country;
shaving, 25c DECKELMAN BROS. 106 Ellis.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coaat and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
FARM hands wanted. Call at Golden Eagle
Hotel. Marysvllle. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required: constant practice; catalogue free.
Moler's Barber College. 625 Clay st.
150 men for cleanest houses in city. "Central
House," 871 Market, and "Branch House."
S6l; 15c to wOe ni_ht; all daily papers.
FIRST-CLASS tunnel superintendent: good sal-
ary; references required: state experience.
Apply box 7848, Call office.
WANTED — 20 men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night. 60c to $1 per wk. 103 New Montgomery.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 13S'_ Eighth st.
300 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell,6th and Howard; read. rm.
ELLIS, 3?1 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night: re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House, 614 Howard, cor. New Montg. ; single,
10c. 15c night; 60c, 90c week; reading room.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys
Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Rernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel, Jessie 1164.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 2<V. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863 ! -s Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clrrks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Slitter st.
PARTNERS WASTED.
WANTED — Partner to travel ln photographic
business Ir South America: success certain;
no experience necessary. Apply 2 to 4 p. m.,
room fi?, 204 Ellis st. *
ROOMS WANTED.
SI'N.XY unfurnished room; closet: water; place
tricycle chair: south Market st. or Mission;
$5. Box 21, Call office.
THREE furnished housekeeping rooms: must
be centrally located. Box 16, Call office.
■WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
EXCHANGE— Board at summer resort for
piano, surrey, horses, safe or carpets. Ad-
dress 200, Cal. Safe Deposit building.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B
STONE. Elmhurst.
AMATEUR musicians to Join orchestra for so-
cial purposes. 328 Rusft st. . room 4.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning works— Cleans
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mgr ,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
bentlng Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 4a
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4n Stovenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st : tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MTTCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st. ; cleaning 3c per yard : tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate: carpets cleaned. 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden <
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
HORSES.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken busi- !
ness and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall.
successors Klllip _ Co.: salesyard, 1732 Mkt.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
BJ7 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale — 40 horses and mules at old Turk-st.
rar stnhles. ftni Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS tecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
DEWEY Navigation and Trading Company
will dispatch their first vessel on or about
June 10, 1899, for St. Michael. Cape Nome and
Kotzebue Sound. Contracts for passengers
and freight must be made with the general
office; no outside agents. For particulars
apply to CHAS. F. BLANDIN, President, 10
California at., room 5.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FOR sale— Upright Steinway piano in good or-
der; also laligraph typewriter No. 3. 1900
Vallejo st.
OUR specialty is renting new pianos; $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curta- Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
A FINE piano for practice, $50. Room 12, Flood
building. Fourth and Market sts.
?:•:. ki.kca.nt piano for sai«' on f5 Install-
ments: cost $400. Call 1115 Post st.
R. A . DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 3<iS to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 75 up:
rents. $2 up (allowed on Bale). Heine, _6 Ellis.
A NEW Chjckering and 3 Bteinways. Keeffe's,
1019 Van Ness, nr. Geary; tel. Larkin ,1 06.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st., n f -xi Hihx-rnia Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 'v Market St., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5. No in-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER,
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
pills. 510 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; of-
fice hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8; Sun-
days, 4 to 8 p. m.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to &
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near and far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure: cure in
24 hours guaranteed: any time: maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure.
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
This well-known ladies' physician will leave
for Europe May 2 r .. in order to gain knowledge
which is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for th" benefit of her many pa-
trons on her return in August.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES 122S Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. ?2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used- guar-
anteed cure at of fie. |5; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential:
home for patients; comfort and privacy
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor: office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medicaj sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5: restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years
DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases Of irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. 1023'1> Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-7fifi Clay st., San Fran-
c'sco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
LADlES— Chichester'? English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chiohester Chemical Co., Phila.
ALL married ladies know "Soguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
st. : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late'
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal!
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: reli-
able, safe, sure: maternity home: no instru-
ments: consultation free, confidential; home
treatment. $5. DRS. ALLEN. 22S Van Ness'
MRS. DR. WBGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye.;
private home in confinement.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 111 1 ! Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back:ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, eivll~a^d~m7ntng7~as^
paying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. Enslish; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship. $50: low rates per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 60, Flood bulld-
ing, S. H. TARR. Principal: pupils fitted
for all office work; course in bookkeeping;
rapid calculations unequaled; short time.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms: low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 123R Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil. electrlcaT~mln-
lng. mech. survey, assay, archi. ; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. 8. F., and 905 BroadT
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
•"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. SO5 Larkin st.. or>p CHy Hall.
LOST.
ON Wednesday afternoon, corner Montgomery
and Sutter sts.. pocketbnok containing $80 |_
gold. Finder will receive reward at G T
MARSH'S, 625 Market St.; no questions asked"
W. R. BURNHAM.
LOST— At or near iHotel Pleasanton. last Sun-
day, lady's Bye-stone diamond ring. Finder
leave with King, Moss & Co., 639 Market St.,
and receive suitable reward.
LOST— Pass-book of Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco. No. 720; finder will please
return to bank.
LOST— May 23, 1809, in vicinity of Eighteenth
and Guerrero sts.. young English pug dog.
Return to 635 Guerrero; reward.
FOUND.
FOUND— Bunch 9 keys, check No. 6?!. Call at
■Mxth and Howard sts., Root's drag store.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER^JaInes' G. Jd_t
quire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-Ctty and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 525-555 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cuses; wills, contracts
etc., drawn; moderate fees: call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections G W
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Sto'cktn!
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.B1 SINKS' chances.
i_s3:X); BRANCH Bakery In the Mission; 4 I
living rooms; rent $20; a good paying place;
clears about $100 per month. R. Q. WILKE.
i> i-5 Market st.
1_$1000; PARTNER wanted in detective
agency; the oldest and best established bu-
reau in this city. Call R. G. WILKE, 006
Market st.
L— ssso; SALOON Ing a good business; Mar-
k<-t and Seventh nts.; rent $40; a bargain. It
G. WILKi-;. 806 Market st.
i— £.oo; SALOON, doing a first class business; I
estab. years: 50 feet from Call bldg.; account
01 sickness. Particulars R. G. Wilke, we Mkt.
V-SK»CO; CORNER grocery and bar; living
rma.; one-h.-rif block from Wleland's Brewery- .
daily receipts about $26; cash trade only a
rare chance. Call K. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
?700; CORNER saloon with 3 entrances; es-
tuWlsned SO years; doing a rushing business;
larse stock: very best location, about one
1 lock from The Call. R. G. WILKE, 906 Mar-
ket st.
V -$1500: restaurant with 9 furnished rooms In
t'ontra Costa County; .60 steady boarders be-
sides large transient custom; meals 25c; rent
$43; clearing above $175 per month. Call R.
G. WILKE, '.'• 6 Market St.
1— 53200; OLD-ESTABLISHED and well-paying
suloon. Including 17 furnished rooms "and
branch bakery; rent $34; lease; kept by own- !
ers years; a bargain. R. G. WILKE W6 j
Market st.
•450— BRANCH bakery and stationery store in
the Mission; living rooms; rent $18; average
daily receipts $10. Call R. G. WILKE, Sufi
Market st.
•200— CORNER saloon; rent $35; California and
Market sts. R. G. WILKE,, 906 Market st.
fISuO— SALOON and merchants' lunch house
among wholesale stores; bargain; sickness of
owner cause of sale. - McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market st.
5175— BARBER shop; 6 chairs; foundry agency.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
PARTNER wanted: light business; clear $75 ea.
Cigar stand; cheap; sickness cause selling.
Saloon; a bargain; $100 clears a month.
WESTERN INVESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary St.
5250— SALOON; north Market; doing good busi-
ness; owner sick; must tell. JONES & CO.,
M Market st.
BUTCHER shop; great sacrifice. Call to-day.
COWING & CO.. 995 Market Et. -
STATIONERY, notions and cigar store;
bargain. NAT'L AGENCY, 788V4 Market St.
$200— PARTNER wanted in established busi-
ness; two places to look after: plenty of
work:no experience; trial given. ■ •■:■ O'Farrell.
UE.ST business investment in city for $100; new
patented article; practical and meritorious.
1(45 Mission St., room 3.
CORNER' grocery J and bar with living rooms.
Apply Call office.
SALOON and ti-room lodging-house, completely
furnished, for sale. SO Jackson st.
PARTNER wanted In a first-class hotel (new)
of 235 rooms In a city in Califprnla of 35.000
inhabitants; only one other first-class hotel in
the city; present owner is a flrst-class hotel
man: need of a partner with about $10,000 to j
furnish new addition is only reason for wish- i
Ing to sell a half Interest; business for April ,
showed ii profit of ? SI ■"• For further parti- I
culars address box 614, Call office.
TO Intended Eastern purchasers of profitable
orchards, legitimate exchanges, first mort-
gage loans and for further Information from
a Santa Clara Valley Orchard Agency of
California write to box 711. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS fruit store for sale cheap In
the business portion of the city; good rea-
son tor selling. Box C 35, Call.
GOOD location for fruit store or butcher shop:
rent reasonable. 290 Third aye,, near Clement
st.; take Sutro car.
FOR SALE— A good blacksmith shop, for $500;
winh to retire from business. Box 636. Call.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant and bakery on prin-
cipal street. Address box 640, Call office.
LIVE partner wanted with $1500; biz will pay
S6OO per month; dead sure. Box 643. Call.
BARBER shop; $:-0; principal street; rent $10; 2
chairs: must sell this week. Box 641. Call.
DON'T miss this bargain— Elegantly fitted up
store, including shelving, counters and 5
silver-mounted showcases; living rooms In
rear; long lease; rent $23. 236 Third st.
PARTNER with some capital wanted to manu-
facture combination door mat, patented.
CHAS. KUHN, Frultvale. Cal.
GOOD business for right party; flrst-class
cigar factory; good trade; price reasonable.
~SU Hampshire <<t. I
BARBER shop; reasonable; first-class trade;
proper location; party going East. 769 Geary
st. cor. Hyde.
FINE store fixtures and showcase; 5 living
rooms: suitable branch bakery and notions.
2MS Folsom.
BARBER -shop, completely furnished, to let.
Apply at ZZZ<" Twenty-fourth st., near Capp. \
SALOON— Cheap; splendid business; cheap rent.
East St., ear Folsom; call.
FOR sale— Fruit store; good chance. 130 Eighth
Bt. ; r.o agents.
A FIRST-CLASS saloon on East St.. nr. Mar-
ket; on account of ill health, at LANE &
CONNELLY'S. 204 Market st.
SALOON for sale at 88 Jackson St., between
Davis and Drumm.
COFFEE ana tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
KOUTE en this paper for sale. Apply thl*
effice.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
16-ROOM house; clears $80; only $350
110-room corner house: clears $500 5500
18-rcxm house on Turk st 7'W
65-rorm house to exch'ge for small house. 3000
10-rocm house on Taylor st 600
24-room house on Market Ft itOO
15-room house on Howard Et 600
It-room; new; cost $4500 1800
24 rooms on Geary st 623
26 rocms; corner house SiO
14 rocms on O'Farrell st 350
It-room house: large yard; downtown 400
18 rocms; clears $100; only 303
12 rooms: exchange for large house 600
E4-room house; clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1030 Market st., opp. sth.
FURNISH up a lodging house from Alexan-
dria Hotel furniture. DAVIS & CO.. 1111
Market st., Odd Fellows' building, Market
Ft., near Seventh; come quick.
POST, 239, corner Stockton— Sunny corner suites
and single rooms; centrally located; to gen-
tlemen and families; all conveniences; refer-
ences given; elevator.
|650— 12- ROOM lodging house; newly and mod-
erri!y furnished; well equipped dining room.
Apply *27 Mission st.
$175— LODGING-HOUSE of 11 rooms for sale on
Third st Call at J. J. CROSS' grocery, 249
Third at. _^
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
SOLID oak eeta. chiffoniers, curtains, chairs,
everything- from Alexandria Hotel. In big
store In Odd Fellows' building. 1111 Market
St., near Seventh. DAVIS & CO.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
r>oc. .Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR RALE— Cheap; bakery and notion store.
&09 Bryant st.
CHEST of carpenter tools cheap; suitable for
ranch. Apply 1959 Fifteenth st. "
TOR SALE— S3O: Singer Bhoestltchlnf* machine
and sf-ttee. Call early at 106 Ninth st. ■•"-;
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
A AN OVERSTOCK —
' St. Germain nil'iard Co., 403 Market st.: all
Etyles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap: installmls.
A BEAUTIFUL 1( itone diamond crescent lace
pin for $75; cost originally $160. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
COMBINED punch and shears; medium size
screw cutting lathe. 648 Mission st.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125. 3
h.p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
SUITS made to order for $35 at $12 50. MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLORS. 613 Montgomery.
A— s3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatterh. 330 Kearnv Ft., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scran Iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission st.
LAUNDRY pmnt. complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. El 6 Mission it.
BOILERS, engine*, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale Bt.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirror*.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1C63 Mission st.
SAFES- All Hires, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only). $15;. will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. !<33 Mkt.
SAFER— Bargains In new and second hand, nil
Fi?e f ; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Slns-er. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowut rates. 205 Fourth st.
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN who holds a good business sit-
uation desires to marry good-looking work-
ing girl not over 27 years of age; no trlflers. (
Address box 657, Call office.
SOLID oak sets, chiffoniers, curtains, chairs,
everything from Alexandria Hotel, in big
store In Odd Fellows' building, 1111 Market
ft., near Seventh. DAVIS & CO.
RAG carpets wove to order find for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. CEO MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MRS. CHARLES FRANCIS MacDERMOT of
Oakland wishes to deny the engagement of
her daughter to AUSTIN N. WALTON.
PERSON who- took knobs from safe at "The
Palace of Art." 16 Post St., Is known; return
and save trouble. ERNEST HAQI El lE.
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st. Open evenings.
CEMETERY fences: best work; lowest prices.
■ DOUGLAS, Central aye., bet. Bush and Pine.
LEDERER'S Quintonica Is the only reliable
hair tonic: keeos the hair clean and glossy;
3f.c a hot G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, charges
but !oc; this week he will offer all his $1 hair
switches at 75c: good quality and length. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero.
nr. 25th; Guerrero st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
HOME for family where they call make their
own living. 30 Hannath St.. Oakland.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. Vi'SHITANI. 313 Sutter St.
JOHN 1. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market: .00 rooms;
2r.c to $1 50 per night; $1 BO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements printed, $1 50: send for sam-
ples. BLEY, printer, 611 Sacramento el.;
phone Main 1536.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons.
Classes, $2. to and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 il weekly): $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.); $20 (4 W.)
and $23 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits; low
prices- easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton st.
DR CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.:
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner building.
A— Ladies' or gents clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel. Mint W. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. Hi KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr.Oordln,Bl4 Pine. ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm FPts $S;bed lounges
$4 50; open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
WANTED— gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary ft : dresses made, $5 '
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MRs7~J~jT\%HITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister. Come skeptics.
MRS. S. SIEP, psychometrist; 11 to 5: 50c;
circles evenings except Sat.. 10c. 1724 Market.
MRS. MESA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. JiAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Fftrrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. SYLVESTER, the celebrated clairvoy-
ant, palmist and card reader, returned from
abroad, opened parlors at 112 Mason st., near
Ellis: hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; open Sundays;
fee 25c: for ladles only; card reading at pri-
vate entertainments.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec- |
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read- !
ing; ladles. 50c; gents, $1; sit.. $1 50. 128 Turk.
MME. GORING, the powerful clairvoyant,
brings lovers together; settles domestic
troubles. 345 Fifth at.
MISS MAY FOX, celebrated card reader. 304
3utter at.
JESSIE BURNETT! palmist and card reader,
removed to 865% Market St.. rooms 8-9.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
pact, present- and future; 25c. 148 6th, rm. 12.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 326 Larkln
St., room 6.
■MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
Parlors 12 and 18, second floor, E6SH Market.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist 120 Ellis it., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MRS. MANI'ENA. clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay. "4 : : Sixth.
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post, room 7.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
miss GRACE HAYS, card reader and ma -
netlgt, 207 Powell St.. rooms 5 and 6. ■
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader. 10c: ladles only.
64) Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned reveaiT, first
In her profession; never falls. 325 A Sutter st.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market St.. room 2. '
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. lIS Grant aye. r. 15. second floor.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist, 405
Kearny st., r. 34; French and English spoken.
MME. ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrlst; parlors 2 and 3, 995 Market Bt.
MME. STBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
t.i.rM's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell »t.
PALMISTRY. •
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Qer.
main*.. (If Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyd*
2C21; reading by mail. $1.
A-MME. HUSH NELL.~the famous palmist.
916 Bush Bt.. between Taylor and Jones.
HOUSES TO LET.
'^3T v weT£ue??T7?rr42¥j!4Tl^^
3616 Sixteenth; 6 r... 16 CO9H Leav'wth; 5 r. 16
1207 Sanchez; 5 r 10 »30 Guerrero; 6 r »0
660 Jessie; 3 r 9|625 Valencia; 7 r 20
232 Natoma; 3 r.... 9| 705 Ellis; 6 r 25
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
GREENWICH, 902. NW. cor. of Taylor— One
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side; rent $25. '
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; 9 Laskle St., be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, off Mission; rent
reasonable. MADISON & BURKE.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
. list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOWARD, 549— Lodging house, 37 rooms, $45;
or hotel, barroom, range, all house, $60.
LOW rent In the finest residence location in the
city 1907 Pacific aye., near Gough; house of 8
rooms bath, heater, etc.; new plumbing, new-
ly papered and painted throughout. Apply
j MADISON & BURKE, 628 Market st.
MINNA, 823V4—6 sunny rooms In good order;
key at 323. - -
THE most charming spot in the Mission; mag-
nificent view; delightful climate; fine large
grounds; flowers and lawn; NW. corner Guer-
rero and Twenty-first; electric cars; house of
12 rooms In perfect condition; stable and car-
riage house; rent low to good tenant. Apply
to E G. DENNISTON. 3454 Twenty-first St.,
near Guerrero, or 655 Mission st.; key, at cor.
2 VERY pleasant sunny houses. 3356 and 3388
Twenty-first St.. near Guerrero; electric cars;
7 rooms, laundry, bath: In first-class condi-
tion; rent satisfactory to good tenant. Apply
to E. G. DENNIBTON, 3464 Twenty-first St.,
or 655 Mission; key at corner.
SEE the sunny 9-room house. 26 Franklin St..
off Market: fine for, renting rooms.
STORAGE.
i: TAVI.oIL packing and storagfTof
turn. & H. H. goods. 73.'. Mkt.. lei Black 311.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
CALA. Btcrag* Warehouse. F. SMITH. prop
122 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay. 25.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 25, 1899.
COTTAGKS TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 333— 3-room cottage; yard and
chicken-house; $5 month. San Mateo cars to
Thirty-fourth st.
ROSS Valley; 4-room furnished cottage and
stable; rent reasonable. Apply 1553 Fulton st.
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 5 rooms: flat of 6 rooms,
bath; cheap. 18*6 Fifteenth st . near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
COR. Twenty-ninth st. and San Jose aye.;
new flats, suitable for physicians, dentists
or dressmakers. ' '
ELLIS, Fine furnished flat, 4 rooms and
bath; mod. conv'cea; $35. Apply 827 Mission.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
NEAR City Hall, elegant top flat, 6 rooms,
bath; all latest improvements. 12 Grove st.
FOUR-ROOM flat, $11. 6A Dearborn St., oft
Seventeenth, above Valencia.
NEW sunny modern flats, 1603 Broderlck
st., 9 rooms; 1609 Broderlck st., 6 rooms; rents
reduced.
SHARON. 38, bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
Sanchez and Church— new flat, five rooms
and bath, cellar, yard, stable for 2 horses.
SIXTH, 536 A— flat; 5 rooms, bath; front
and rear entrance; large yard; rent $12.
SUNNY upper flat: 7 rooms, bath and large
yard; rent reasonable. 1013Vt Filbert st.
THIRD, 415 A —Sunny .at. 8 rooms, latest im-
provements, 2 front suites with bay windows.
TO LET— Flat, 4 rooms. 16 Dale place, oft
Golden Gate aye., Hyde and Leavenworth.
UPPER ttitX, 3 cnolce sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St.. near Ftllmore.
6 ROOMS, $14; cottage, 4 rooms, $18. Key 623
Second St., corner Rincon aye.
2 NEW, sunny, modern flats, 1603 Broderick
st., 9 rooms: 1609 Broderlck st., 6 rooms,
rents reduced. J. JACOBS.
FURNISHED FLATS.
BEAUTIFUL sunny flat of 8 rooms, elegantly
furnished only a year ago, for rent, or furni-
ture for Bale. Apply to H., P. O. box 2655, city.
LOVELY furnished flat; fine marine view. 1317
Leavenworth st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPINGS
A- 2 LARGE sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping. 2 folding- beds, one in kitch-
en, one In bedroom, $10 per month, $2 73 per
week; furniture all new. Apply at shoe store,
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
CALIFORNIA, 719—2 rooms; good stove; also
other bedrooms suitable for gentlemen.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— 3 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard; water; $10.
FIFTH, 353— Clean furnished housekpg.; pri-
vate; 3 connecting rooms, $13; single, $5 up.
GEARY, 596—2 or 3 connecting sunny front
rooms 'furnished for housekeeping. Apply bet.
10 and 4 .__ '
GEARY, 1917— $1«; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves, gas and
coal.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove; use of telephone.
HAIGHT, 318, near Market- 3 fine unfurnished
rooms; range; yard;, good place for table
board.
HOWARD, »'4O, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rras;
also single; fee, 75c night; $1. $2 50 week.
HOWARD. 988 — Furnished front room for
housekeeping, $10 per month.
HOWARD 106S— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete; all conveniences; $125 per week up.
HYDE, 110—3 rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing; alao 2 in front basement.
MISSION, 839— Front room and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping, $3; furnished
room. $:. •
MISSION. 1163— Housekeeping rooms; also base-
ment: furnished or unfurnished; single rooms;
reasonable. _r_
MISSION, 2133—2 or 3 sunny connecting rooms;
housekeeepTng; bath; cheap.
NATOMA, 839%, between Seventh and Eighth
—To let, - or 3 furnished rooms for house-
ping |
PINE, 704— Front sunny suite, furnished; fold-
Ing bed; stove; running water; $12.
POLK, 610—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping rooms;
gas range; private family.
SCOTT. 113—2 partly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; private.
SEVENTH, 178— Front suite with balcony, fur.
for housekpg; stove; yard; also 1 fur. front.
SIXTH. 108- sunny furnished rooms suitable
for light housekeeping.
SIXTH," 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
THIRD, 309— Nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping. $1 50 week and up.
THIRD, 340.— 2 furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping; $1 50 week; also front, $1 75.
TURK, 405. corner Hyde— connecting front
iron., with good stoves; suitable 2 families.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367. nr. Mission St.— Com-
pletely furnished, large, front, sunny house-
keeplng suites; $8 to $11.
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy St.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 19 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 16 Stockton St., "The Pup"— Nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.
ALMA, 441 Geary— Newly furnished sunny
rooms: suites $1.50 week and up; transient.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Sunny rooms and suits;
all conveniences; families and gentlemen;
elevator; tourist; references.
BUSH, 613— Grenoble— Newly furnished
rooms, $8 up; suites, $15 up; Wellsbach lights.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLAY, 1723, near Van Ness aye. — rooms, fur-
nlhhed or unfurnished. , . '■■, -'•:.:' > ■—'■'
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO, 849, cor. McAllister— 3 or 4 very
desirable unfurnished rooms; electric light,
gas and bath.
EDDY. 3, corner Powell— Sunny front rooms
on Market st, $1 BO to $3 50 per week.
36 ELGIN PARK, above Valencia, Thirteenth
st. — sunny rooms: garden; running water.
ELLIS. 595— Fine suite, $18; also large front
room, $15; single, $6.
GEARY, 14A— Furnished rooms; double bed;
running water; first and second floors.
GEARY, 36%— The Clyde— Fine front suite;
first floor; single, front, $2 per week.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 829 — Rooms from $1 week up; also
housekeeping and transients..
HYDE, 204— Sunny front rooms, suitable for 2
gentlemen or man and wife.
JESSIE, 162, near Palace— Nicely furnished
sunny double room. $1 60; single, $1.
LAGUNA, 1029, opposite Jefferson Square —
Large furnished room; bath and gas.
MCALLISTER, 635— Furnished rooms; centrally
located; private family.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished,
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able^^ ■ (
POLK. Front bay-window rooms or single,
$1 to $3 per week.
POST, 525— Single room for lady or gentleman;
cheap; call before 11 a. m. or after 5 p. m.
POWELL, 15. adjoining the Columbia Theater—
Well-furnished quiet rooms; day, week or
month. ' • '
ROYAL House, 126 . Ellis St.— lncandescent
light; reading- room,' smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $160;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment Houße, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. 80— Front and back parlor;
sunny side' overlooking park; suitable for
gents. * •
THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St.. near Market-
Select rooming house: telephone Mint 1792.
THIRD, 11" (The Oaks)— New flrst-class up-to-
; date rooming house: is now open.
VAN. NESS aye., IQjl— Small sunny front room;
gas; bath. .
VAN NESS. 813— One or more, furnished or not;
bath, gas, etc. ; -doctor's residence: desirable. .
CHEAPKST.'anri best II Ameiica— The Weekly
. Call, 1C PUR"*, cent to any • address" In the
• Unlte<l P*- < or Canada one year for $1,
JOStttiiii *••" ,
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First St.— Cicely furnished rooms, with
board. J4 a week up; Swedish home.
JOHNSON HOUSE, 605 O'Farrell— Elegant sun-
ny rooms, with board: beautiful grounds; also
table board; reasonable; references.
MASON, 517— Nicely furnished rooms, with or
without board; hot and cold water baths.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms: gool
home cooking; single, $25: double, $20.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
sq.— Furnished suites and single rooms; In
business locality for table boarders.
THE Longworth, 622 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished; single rms. ; table board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CIIILDREf. ; BOARDED.
GOOD home for children. $8: Infants, $10 per
- mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
■ rant, 44-68-68 Third St.; take elevators: French
dinners, 25c: also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
rrpnm parlor. 113* Market Ft. : popular nrWs.
STORKS TO LET. .
SIXTH, Store and 3 rooms; large yard;
rear entrance; rent $10.
STORE, with fixtures complete for grocery and
bar or drug store; 3 rooms In rear; southwest
corner Devisadero and Ellis sts; rent $30.
OFFICES TO LET.
FOR rent— s-room flat, suitable for physician's
or dentist's offices: very central. 102V4 Sixth
St.; key In hat stor«.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS—
Proposals for Hardware, plumbers' mate-
rials, lumber, paints, oils, etc., furniture,
fuel, stovepipe, stationery, library * books,
physical, chemical and other apparatus and
supplies, printing, lithographing, etc.— Sealed
proposals will be received by the. Superin-
tendent of Common Schools in open session
of the Board of Education, on Wednesday.
May 81, 1899. at 8:30 o'clock p. m., for fur-
nishing the School Department of this city
and county during the fiscal year 1890-1900
with hardware, plumbers' materials, lumber,
paints, oils, etc., furniture, fuel, stovepipe,
stationery, library books, etc., and for do-
ing the printing and lithographing required
during the said fiscal year, in accordance
with specifications at the office of the Board
of Education. City Hall.
The parties to whom contracts are award-
ed will be required, prior to or at the time
of -execution of the contracts, to pay their
proportion of the cost of advertising.
J. A. SIMPSON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS for fuel— Quartermaster's office.
Benicia Arsenal, Cal., April 26, 1899. Sealed
proposals. in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 a. m. May 26, 1899, and then opened,
for furnishing at Benicia Arsenal. Cal., dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1900, fuel
required there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of price and quality (Including In price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given to articles
of American production produced on Pacific |
Coast to extent of consumption required by
public service there. Information furnished
on application. Envelopes containing propos-
als should be marked "Proposals for Fuel,"
addressed C. H. CLARK. Q. M.
PROPOSALS for Supplies of Hardware, Drugs,
Lumber, etc., for Fire Department.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, May 23, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2633
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, June 5. 1899, from
2:30 to 3 o'clock, for furnishing supplies for j
use of the Fire Department, from July 1,
1899, to June 30, 1901, in accordance with
schedule, embracing drugs, Ironwork, hard-
ware, general supplies, paints, paint brushes,
oils and lumber, prepared by the Committee
on Fire Department of the Board of Supervis-
ors, on file in this office, copies of which may
be obtained at the office of the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, on second floor, City
Hall.
NOTlCE— Bidders will estimate separately
for each article enumerated, as per denomi-
nation, with the distinct understanding that
the lowest and best bid for each article re-
quired will be accepted, and that in every in-
stance no bid except from persons or firms
who are regular recognized dealers In the
articles enumerated and bid upon will be re-
ceived. Also, all articles and supplies shall
be of the same kind, quality and texture as
per samples kept and stored in the Corpora-
tion Yard of the Fire Department, at No. 50
Sacramento street. Also the right Is reserved
that the Chief Engineer of the Fire Depart-
ment, by and with the consent of the Com-
mittee on Fire Department of. the Board of
Supervisors, shall have power to purchase
any or all of the supplies required, at the
market rates, at the expense of the party
to whom any contract may be awarded to
• furnish the same. if. upon the requisition of
the officers named, the party falls or omits
to furnish the quantity or quality of the sup-
plies designated, which, under contract, he
may be required to furnish. Also, all articles
and supplies furnished to be subject to the
approval of the Chief Engineer of the Fire
Department, the Board of Fire Commission-
ers and the Committee on Fire Department of
the Board of Supervisors, whose decision shall
be final and conclusive as to the reception
or rejection of any or all of the articles or
supplies offered.
The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be re-
quired, prior to or at the time of the execu-
tion of said contracts, to pay the cost of ad-
vertising this notice In three daily news-
papers, and each successful bidder to also
pay the cost of the publication In the offi-
cial newspaper of the Resolution awarding
him his contract Each article awarded to
• be charged with Its pro rata of the cost of
advertising this notice.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the Committee, and a certified
check on some bank In the City and County
of San Francisco for the sum of five hundred
($500) dollars, in favor of and made payable
to the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors,
must be deposited by the bidder, with his
bid, conditioned If the proposal Is accepted
and the contract awarded; and if the bidder
shall fall or neglect to pay the printing
charges, execute the contract and give the
bond required within six days after the
award Is made, then and In that case the
Bald Bum shall be paid into the City and
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
' The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS.
STATE PRISON SUPPLIES.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received at
th* office of the Clerk at State Prison, SAN
QUENTIN, until 10:30 a. m. SATURDAY,
10TH DAY OF JUNK, 1899,
And at the office of the Clerk at State Prison,
FOLSOM, until 9:30 a. m. SATURDAY,
17TH DAY OF JUNE, 1899,
At which times and places they will be
opened In presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, con-
Fisting of subsistence stores, forage, fuel,
clothing, medicines, lime, cement and other
Staple supplies, from July 1, 1899, to June JO.
1900, Inclusive, on conditions as per printed
schedule, which will be furnished upon ap-
plication at either of the above offices.
No bid will be considered unless made upon
said schedules, nor unless accompanied . by
the certified check therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers In
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a' certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount, payable to R. M. Fitz-
' gerald, President of the Board, of his bid,
conditioned that the bidder will enter. into a
contract upon notice of acceptance as re-
quired by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rately. All payments made on contracts will
be paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules.
The Board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids as the public Interest may re-
quire, and to order any quantity over or under
amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD, President. '
J. V. ELLIS, Clerk. •
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. April 29. Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, until 11 o'clock
a. m., Monday, May 29, 1899, and then opened,
for furnishing, during fiscal year commencing
July 1. 1899, forage and straw for San Diego
Barracks, Cal.: also at same time, at this
office only, for forage and straw tor Alcatraz
Island, Angel Island, -Fort Baker. Benicia
Barracks. Fort Mason. Presidio of San Fran-
cisco, and San Francisco, Cal. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
bids, or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of American production.; conditions
of price and quality (including In the price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given to articles
of American production produced on the Pa-
i cific Coast, to extent of consumption required
by the public service there. All Information
furnished on application to Quartermaster at
San Diego Barracks or to undersigned. En-
velopes containing bids to b- Indorsed "Pro-
posals for Forage and Straw,", and addressed
to said Quartermaster, " or to. J. M. MAR-
SHALL, Deputy Quartermaster ' General, U.
S. A.. Chief. Quartermaster.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks.
Wash., May 18. 1899— Sealed proposals, in trip-
licate, will be. received here until 11 a. m.
May 31. 1899, and then opened, for . the con-
* struction of the following buildings at Fort
' Stevens, Oregon: ; 2 barracks, 3 double sets of
officers' quarters, administration - building, iQ.
M. stable, N. C. O. quarters, bakehouse, hos-
pital, hospital steward's quarters, Workshop,
Q. M. and subsistence Information
furnished at this office. U. S. reserves right
. to reject or accent any or all proposals or. any
part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked: "Proposals * for Construc-
tion of Buildings at Fort Stevens, I Oregon,"
nnd addressed to undersigned. J. W. JACOBS',
i C. Q,_M,
CITY REAL ESTATB.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
- -10 MONTGOMERY ST.
A FORCED SALE.
$5500— Leavenworth st., bet. California and
Sacramento; 2 bay-window flats, 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each: rent $42 50.
$5250— Folsom-st. residence, near Twenty-sec-
ond; fine bay-window house; contains 8 rooms
and bath; lot 33x100; stable in rear; mortgage
of $4uuu can remain. -■'.-■-
-$4850—124 Beulah St., close to Golden Gate
Park, bet. Waller and Frederick; lot £5x137:6;
with brand-new 2-story bay-window residence
of 8 rooms and bath, etc.; finished basement;
street accepted; open Sunday.
$8500— Clay st., near Battery; 2-story brick
building; store and 2 floors above; cement base-
ment; rent $70.
$7250— Corner on Clay St., near Mason; 3-story
building; store and 20 rooms above; lot 2Sx7O;
under lease.
$300 CASH; BALANCE $25 MONTHLY.
$2600— Nice 2-story bay-window house on Clip-
per st., near Castro; contains 7 rooms and
bath; foreclosure sale.
$1700— Hartford st., near Eighteenth; cottage
of 4 rooms, bath, etc. ; brick foundation; lot
24:7x125.
$4000— $500 cash, balance same as rent; Do-
lores-st. corner; new residence of 7 rooms and
bath; handsomely decorated; modern plumbing,
etc.; lot 33x90; corner, 33xC5, vacant; should be
improved with stores and flats; Dolores st. is to
be made a boulevard to connect with the pro-
posed Park Panhandle extension.
$6500—1315 Mason st., near Jackson; lot 35x
137:6, with 3-story residence of 12 rooms and
bath; also rear house of 5 rooms; stable for 6
horses.
$750— $37; Folsom-st. corner; fine build-
ings; all rented; lot 25x112:6; a splendid Inter-
est paying property.
$7250 — fine handsome new flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero
St.; rent $62 50; lot 25x100.
$500 CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT..
$5000— Fine new residence, 8 rooms; hard-
wood floors; beautifully decorated rooms; latest
plumbing; street work accepted; 767 Cole si.,
near Frederick; no reasonable offer refused.
$3350— Seventh-st. corner, near Folsom; lot
25x8u; ground rent $20.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE in Mill Valley, $3250; easy terms; or
will exchange for San Francisco property; in
best portion of Mill Valley, near station; extra
large corner lot, with good cottage of 6 roomß,
bath, etc. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
CHEAP LOTS— CHEAP LOTS—
Another bargain; First aye., near Jack-
son St.; large lot, 30x120; fine elevated position,
commanding a superb view. .
$1000— $50 cash, balance $10 monthly; Third
aye., bet. California and Clement sts. ; large
lots; splendid neighborhood; you can build when
first payment is made.
$450 each— Very cheap; 3 lots on Douglass St.,
bet. 20th and 21st; each 25x125.
$2000— Maybe less; Howard st., bet. 25th and
26th; 25:6x117:6 to alley.
$1475— 0n1y 3 left; Frederick st., bet. Cole
and Shrader; sunny side of street; cheapest lots
In Panhandle district; 1 block from the Park.
Sacramento St., bet. Laguna and Bu-
chanan; 40x137:6; select neighborhood.
— Fine corner close to town; Page and
Laguna sts.; 35x57:6; suitable for flats; all
street work done.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
• . 10 Montgomery st.
GOOD INTEREST-PAYING PROPERTIES—
$11,500— $90; always rented: large lot, 40:6
x 137:6, on Leavenworth St.; improvements in
good repair.- »
$38,000— Large lot, 77x115, with double front-
age; good improvements; always rented for
$3120 per annum; in wholesale district, north of
and not far from Market; pays 6',i per cent net.
PAYS 9 PER CENT-GRAND BUSINESS
CORNER.
$12.500— 0n a leading street at the Mission;
handsome 3-story building, comparatively new;
contains store and 2 modern flats; always rent-
I ed; this property is worthy of investigation.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT—
Chestnut St.. near Mason; good 2-story
house; also 2 flats: lot 25x137:6.
• $2450— Modern cottage; $200 cash, balance
monthly: Eureka st., near Nineteenth; up-to-
date; contains 5 rooms, porcelain bath, etc.
$5750— Washington St., near Devisadero; bay-
window house, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25:6x137:<f;
mortgage of $3000 can remain.
$8000— Offer wanted; rent $75; California st.;
lot 25x137:6; 2 handsome flats of 7 rooms, etc.,
each; always rented; splendid investment.
$7500— 51000 cash, balance monthly; Ashbury
Ft near Fell: modern residence, containing 9
rooms and bath; all the latest conveniences;
lot 25x103.
$7000— Rent $60: Clara St.. within 70 feet of
Sixth; splendid renting neighborhood; large lot,
44x*O; a good Investment.
$9000— Steuart St., near Market; 2-story build-
Ing, containing store and flat above of 6 rooms;
rent $50. "■'■: ■"■
$4750— C01e st., close to Haight: 2 nice flats,
5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rent $40.
FLATS CLOSE TO UNION IRON WORKS.
$2400— Connecticut St., near 20th; 2 flats of 4
rooms and bath each: always rented.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$4000— HOUSE for sale: 37 Moss st. between
Sixth and Seventh; lot 2f,x75: next to cor; good
condition; new brick foundation: rent $40.
$350— LARGE lot, 44:6x103:6, level, fenced; 1
block from 2 car lines; positive bargain; no
humbug. Owner. 21 Powell, fboms 1 and 2.
$3000 CASH— Reduced from $4500; DO-foot lot;
northwest corner of Twenty-third and Dolores
sts.; 2-story building, store and flat: a big
buy; will pell at above figure If sold within
10 days. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, owner, 454
Ninth St.. Oakland.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money pee H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye., and you wish to Bell,
then call -on W. J. OUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
$3600 HOUSE, 11 rooms, 2 baths, In 3 flats, in
good repair; newly painted; 6n Leavenworth
st. 926 Washington st. •
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MONEY TO • LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
I pnos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BO. V "T,T>T. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels.*
undlv'd Int'ts, etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Ex-
aminer building.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is , mortgaged and you need
more money pen H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
MONEY WANTED. ~~
QUICK— S22OO; 9 per cent city Improved prop-
erty. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate Agents, 630
Market st.
~ DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS" Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching- teeth
we carefully treat before they are tilled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to -.fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket Bt., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; sold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m.to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. Williamson; m.d., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c up; : gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, - $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
■ work; * lowest 1 prices; -• ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas' given.
A FULL Bet of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St., .corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist, 969 Mission St., corner
' Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling,' 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gß. - 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office ' and residence,
}Q2lft Market St., : bet. 6tu and 7tU.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS / FOR PARK LOTS.
$100— Choice lots near Ocean Beach; very
easy installments.
$100— $125— Bargains'. Level lots in Ocean
View, near electric cars; $10 down; $5 monthly.
$400 to $1000— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots;
superb view; fine climate; $25 down; $10
monthly.
$250 to $700— Choicest Richmond lots; all bar-
gains; easy payments.
$100 to $300— Lots near Mlsslon-st. electric
cars; ready to build on.
Branch office on Ninth aye., near H St.;
open Sundays.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. _
HOOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
. '■-■--• r ~ ■ • '
POOR MAN'S CHANCE. . .
$1050. Terms. $450 cash; old fashioned house
containing six rooms and | high basement;
Third aye, bet. Point Lobos and Clement:
size of lot, 35x70; get permit from office to
inspect. F. A. McNALLY & CO., 19 Mont-
gomery st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market at.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
IN Mill Valley— sale, house of 6 rooms and
bath and 4 rooms in basement; furnished
or unfurnished; lot 50x150; 32 fruit trees; 5
minutes' walk from the station. Apply 526
Turk. " .
FOR sale, cheap— Charming summer residence
and large . grounds on Cowlchan Lake. Van-
couver l». and; unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to JAS. ROBERTSON, Duncans, Van-
couver Island. . .
$900— PART cash; chicken ranch of 7 acres; on
main road from Petaluma; level land; every-
thing complete; growing crop and several
hundred white leghorn pullets; a bargain on
account of other business. For further par-
ticulars address P. O. box 16, Cotati, Sonoma
County, Cal. .
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families: ! 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COCATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
$5 TO $30 and acre; list free: crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County, Cal.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery St.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong: much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible |
plates from $5; crowns, $3 GO; fillings. 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
PROPERTY WANTED.
COTTAGE and lot, $1500; quick. J. J. EVANS,
Real Estate Agent, 630 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
$26 CASH, $5 60 monthly till paid for; a new
3-room cottage; high basement; lot 60x256
feet; price all told $425: Westall Tract, In
tropical Frultvale, adjoining East Oakland;
rich soil; grand view; superb climate; no cold
winds nor fogs here; electric cars and a 90-
-foot wide boulevard near; not far from a fine
8-story schoolhouse; there are quite a number
of S. F. merchants now located In this sec-
tion. Call or send for circular to 455 Seventh
st near corner Broadway, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
j A SNAP AND OTHER SNAPS—
80x100; street macadamized; new 4-room and
bath cottage; $1300. . :\ -•
I 23x100: East Eleventh St.; 6-room cottage;
near station; $1300. .• . r
100x100: on Jackson st. : 12-room house; a fine
i home; 000; would exchange for ranch. Call
■ 1 to 2 p. m., C. P. KERN. 1010 Broadway, Oak-
j land.
MAGNIFICENT new house: modern; up to
date: 9 rooms; lot 50x200: 2 blocks from San
Francisco local: all sunny, nice rooms; price
reduced to $3500 last week; photo in office.
Address owner, E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway,
I Oakland.
HOUSES to let; send for a list; also sale bar-
; gains F. E. BUNCE. SOS Broadway. Oakland.
JS^I S II K U HOUSE TOILET.
MODERN 3-story house, 12 rooms. in perfect
condition: 2 years' lease If desired; rent $40
with water. 537 Eighteenth St., near San j
Pablo aye.. Oakland. '
| OAKLAND FURNITURE FUR HALS. !
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, nth and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA»ircrv\ KRAI. ESTATE.
FOR sale— On account of sickness, florist and j
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap- !
paratus; doing business of $15 to $25 a day: or I
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply m Halght st.
THE finest water front property In Alameda for
sale at a great bargain. E. D. JUDD & CO..
1424 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. FTJNKE. 1416 Bth it.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JUST the place you have been looking for.
You have been wanting to raise chickens;
here is your opportunity; I have a very fine
corner lot, 200x140, with a fine house of 7
rooms; In perfect order; electric cars pass
the property: only 5 minutes to R. R. station:
a fine orchard, chicken houses, etc. to be sold
for less than the Improvements cost. JOSEPH
J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley station.
FRUIT REAL ESTATE).
NEW neat, complete cottage; big lot; little
money and easy terms. D. PRATT, Fruit-
vale station. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mar-
ket St.. San Francisco.
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE.
A VERY choice business corner store, with 5
living rooms adjoining: large barn, shed and
chicken house and yard.
A large lot, well improved, situated on the
Oakland and Hay wards electric road; will sell
at a great bargain: everything In fine condi-
tion; see it and make us an offer. PITTOCK
Real Estate, opp. power house. Elmhurnt.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
William Brewer and Ella M. Bray.. 29-20
Marvin V. Reynolds and Lillie M. Stice.... 30-19
A. O. Richards and Elizabeth Dufur; 42-41
John Kessler and Kunigunde Heeg 25-25
Giuseppe Lluzza and Anita Parrl 27-22
William Tiffin and' Martha A. Pearson.... sS-58
Franclß X. Pach and Laura E. Ware...... 28-24
Clans H. Drews and Tillle Bowe 29-19
John Holmberg and Lena Hofman 44-40
Henry J. Leonard and Mary C. McE1r0y... .31-23
"MtHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and ' death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed.
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. •
; :- /: ■ ' BORN. ,\.-- -;■'-: v': ;
BROWNE— in this city. May 21, 1899, to the
wife of George C. Browne, a daughter. ;
DONOHOE— In this city. May 18. 1899, to the
wife of Michael Donohoe,' a son. ;
GOLDSTEIN— In this city, May 20, 1899, to the
•wife of I. Goldstein, twin sons. .-..
HENNESSEY— In this city. May 12, 1899, to
the wife of Daniel P. Hennessey, a daughter.
LESS— this city, May 22. 1899, to the wife
of Albert Less, a daughter.
PEABODY— In Vanden. May 20, 1899, to the
wife of C. E. Peabody, a son.
ZUSSMAN— In this city. May 24, 1899, to the
wife of Dr. S. Zussman. a son. .
MAKRIED. ~'
AUGUST— In this city. May 24,
1599, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Albert Au-
gust and Mrs. Margaretha Schurtz.
KLEIN— BRANDT— In Reno. May 22, 1899. La-
zare Klein and Annie Brandt, both of San
■ Francisco. ' •
ROACH— MORTENSEN— In San Rafael. April
13, : 1599. Elmer. D. Roach and Ruby Morten-
sen.
SCHAEFER— BRUNS— In this city. May 24,
1899, by the Rev. .J. Fuendellng, August
Schaefer and F. Bruns.
SCHLESINGER— DOERFLER— In this city.
May 24, 5 1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
Charles Schteslnger and Sophie Doerfler.
~ — DIED.
Allen, Mary Kelley. William R.
Andersen. Minnie P. Lahl. Lucy V.
Anderson, Jharles Lapham, Emily F.
Bush, Bella Mackinlay, Capt. D. '
Calkin, Mrs. Evelyn O'Connell. Annie A.
Cheyne, Robert O'Dwyer, Lulo ;
Decco, A. Ogren, Fred
Driefer. Adolph D. J. Patton, William
Fallon, Malachi Pinke. Alexander O.
Fisher. Daniel F. Postema, Bertus
Fitzpatrick. Edward Roberts, Annie
Gahve, Henry Russell, Maria
Hackley, Robert J. Sargent, Thomas F.
Haskell. Capt. D. H. Trusseau, Catherine
Hurd. Leoma J. Van Tderstine. David
Imsick. Theodor F. Whittier. Lovantla
ALLEN— In this city. May 23, 189* Mary, be-
loved mother of Elizabeth and John W. Allen,
a native of County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 48
years.
E?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2005 Mission street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church. Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ANDERSEN— In this city. May 23. 1"99. Min-
nie Petronella. beloved wife of Fritz Ander-
sen, and mother of Mrs. Captain H. Potvin
and the Misses Nellie, Mabel and Alma An-
dersen, a native of Norway, aged 46 years.
ITTFrienrls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 407 Franklin street, between Hayes
and McAllister. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
ANDERSON -In this city. May 24, ISM,
Charles, beloved son of William and Mary
Anderson, a native of San Francisco, aged
8 months and 20 days.
BUSH— In this city, May 23. 1899, Bella, be-
loved wife of the late Toby Bush, daughter
of Minna and the late Samuel Cline. and
sister of Mrs. H. Lewis. Mrs. I. Asch, Martin
Cllne and William Cline of Los Angeles, a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years. (New
York and Spokane papers please copy.)
in^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1002 Sacramento street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
funeral train.
CALKIN— In this city. May 24. 1599. Mrs. Eve-
lyn J. Calkin, a native of Augusta. Me.
CHEYNE— In this city. May 24. 1899. Robert,
dearly beloved husband of Josephine Cheyne,
a native of Scotland, aged 82 years.
. tt7"Remalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co.. 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
DECCO— In the City and County Hospital,
May 24, 1599, A. Decco, a native of Italy, aged
45 years.
DRIEFER— In this city. May 23. 1899, Adolph
D. J., dearly beloved husband of Amalia
Driefer, and brother of Oscar Driefer. a na-
tive of Copenhagen, Denmark, aged 40 years
and 20 days.
1C?" Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, 636 Washington street. .•-
FALLON— In Oakland, May 24, 1599, Malachl
Fallon, a native of Athlone, Ireland, aged
85 years. ■'._.:":
FISHER— this city. May 24. 1899. Daniel F..
beloved husband of Susie E. Fisher, father of
Emma and Birdie Fisher, stepfather of Still-
man Leonard and Mrs. Harry Burrington,
and brother of E. W. and Herbert T. Fisher,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 50 years 2
months and 24 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 39 Bruce place, off Folsom street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery.
FITZPATRICK— In this city. May 24. 1899, Ed-
ward, beloved husband of Bridget Fitzpat-
rick, and father of Mary, Sadie. Thomas,
leta, Madeline, Joseph and Edwin Fitzpat-
rick. a native of Tipperary, Ireland.
tCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1702/4 Harrison street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, Shot well and
Eighteenth streets, -where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GAHVE— In Elmhurst, Alameda County. May
23, 1899, Henry, beloved husband of Helena
Gahve, and father of Dledrich W. and Jacob
Gahve, a native of Gestemunde. Germany,
aged 32 years 6 months and 10 days.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Third street, between Orchard street
and Mountain View avenue, Elmhurst. In-
terment San Lorenzo Cemetery.
HACKLEY— In this city. May 23. 1899, Robert
J. Hackley, a native of New York, aged 58
years.
HASKELL— In this city. May 23. 1899, Captain
Daniel H., beloved husband of Sarah E. Has-
kell, and father of Chester E. Haskell. a na-
tive of Prospect Harbor, Me., aged 4fi years.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the Howard-
street M. E. Church, Howard street, between
Second and Third. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
HURD— In Oakland, May 23, 1899. Leoma Jane,
wife of T. A. Hurd, and mother of Maud E.
and Carlos E. Whisler, a native of Lovingtpn,
111., aged 46 years.
(n7"Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1768 Ninth street, Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
IMSICK— In this city. May 24, 1899, Theodor
Frederick, dearly beloved son of Lucy E. and
the late William F. Imsick, and brother of
Frank W. Imsick, a native of San Francisco.
aged 5 years and 3 months.
KELLEY— In this city. May 23, 1899, William
R. Kelley, late of Guatemala, a native of San
Francisco, aged 38 years.
Es"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his" sister. Mrs. M. Hart, 1640 Telegraph
avenue, Oakland.
LAHL— In this city. May 24, 1599. Lucy Viola,
wife of Edward Lahl, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 16 years 10 months and 8 days.
LAPHAM— this city. May 23. 1899, Emily F..
beloved wife of Henry G. Lapham. and
mother of Cora M.. Lulu, Ky E., Joseph
Perry and Eddie Lapham, a native of Attica.
Ohio, aged 52 years. :;.'.■-
MACKINLAY— At Invercaplp. Campbell sta-
tion. Santa Clara County. Cal.. May 23, 1899,
Captain Duncan Mackinlay, dearly beloved
husband of Jennie James Mackinlay, a native
of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 58 years.
[r^"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late residence,
near Campbell, Santa Clara County. Inter-
ment private.
O'CONNELL— At her home. Laurel Lodge.
Sausallto, May 24, 1899, Annie Ashley, be-
loved wife of the late Daniel O'Connell. and
mother of Charles, Rosamonde, Mabel, Regi-
nald, Ida, Grace and Geraldine O'Connell.
O'DWYER— this city. May 24, 1899, Lulo.
dearly beloved daughter of John and Ellen
O'Dwyer, and beloved sister of Robert and
Edward O'Dwyer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 17 years. .; :•
OGREN— In this city. May 23, 1599, Fred Ogren,
a native of Sweden, aged 47 years.
E7 Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, 636 Washington street.
PATTON— In Alameda. May 23. 1899, at 2253
Central avenue, William Patton. beloved
father of William Patton Jr. and Clarence
Ashley Patton, a native of Scotland, aged 78
years 5 months and 20 days.
" ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence £253 Central avenue. Services will be
conducted by the Pioneer Society.. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery vault, Oak-
land.
PINKE— this city. May 23, 1599. Alexander
Oscar Pinke, dearly beloved father of Lucy,
Eddie and Lottie Pinke, a native of Germany,
aged 50 years 7 months and 17 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from 12 Twelfth
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
POSTEMA— In the City and County Hospital,
May 24, 1899, Bertus Postema, a native of
Holland, aged 71 years.
ROBERTS— In this city. May 24. 1899. Annie,
beloved wife of Edward Roberts, and mother
ot David Johnnie and Beatrice Annie Rob-
erts, a native of England, aged 35 years and
6 months.
OTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from her late residence,
514 Missouri street, between Twenty-first and
Twenty-second, Potrero. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In this city. May 23. 1899. Maria,
beloved wife of John E. Russell, and m>ther
of James, Susan, David and Andrew Russell.
a native of County Longford, Ireland, aged
60 years.
(DTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
• dence 752 Harrison street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 2 o'clock. Inter-
' ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SARGENT— Manila, Philippine Islands, Au-
gust 17 189S, Thomas F., beloved son of the
- late Mary A.. Sargent, brother of William T.
Sargent, and nephew of Ellen and Katie E.
Leary, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years 1 month and 4 days. '
(Hr Notice 'of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of McAvoy: & Co., 1235 Market
street, between F.ighth and Ninth. :
TRUSSEAU— this , city. , May i 23. 1899, Cath-
erine Trusseau (nee Lane), beloved wife of
'P. C. Trusseau, and beloved mother of Er-
nest Lang, a native of Schelestadt, Alsace,
aged 77 years. '
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2521 Mission street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment Masonic
I Cemetery. r .
VAN IDERSTINE— In this city, May 24, 1899,
David, dearly beloved husband of Henrike
Van Iderstine, and father of. Alma. George
and Edna Van Iderstine, a native of Prince
Edwards Island, aged r,9*years 3 months and
6 days. A member of Unity Lodge No. 27,
A. O. U. W.
Notice .of funeral hereafter.
WHITTIER— In this city. May 24. 1899,' Lovan-
tia • Ermlna, beloved wife of the late John
Franklin Whittier. a native of Irasburg, Vt.,
born March 31, 1831." • ■
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ■to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at the par-
lors of St. Nicholas Hotel, corner Hayes and
Market streets. ' .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMi:AXiI_K%
to Fifth at., opposite Unoola ScboeW
I»lu>boiu South Mk
1112
"PETE" McGLADE
CANNOT BE FOUND
The Detectives Anxiously Seek
His Present Address*
Learning That Additional Indictments Hap
Been Returned Against Him He
Goes Into Hiding.
A NUMBER of detectives were
scouring the city last night for
• Pete" McGlade, who is under in
dictment for several charges of
forgery while acting a.-^ bookkeeper
in the Superintendent of Streets office.
McGlade was tried a short time ago
on a Grand Jury indictment f<ir for
gery. 1il!t waa acquitted. Evidently
ng that he would escape on the
other charges of forgery which were
ling against hhn. the authori
ties took the matter before the Graud
Jury. After a short investigation, that
returned three additional Indict
ments against him. The indictments
were placed in the hands of Detective
Tom Gibson, with instructions to ar
rest him at all hazard*. While Gibson
was searching for him, McGlade was
parking his grip preparatory to leav
ing the city. Word reached police
headquarters that the disgraced book
keeper was about to seek a more con
genial clime, evidently in the hope of
escaping 'he consequences of the al
leged crimes. As the members of the
Grand Jury were becoming anxious
about McGlade, they sent word to Cap-
PETER McGLADE.
t^in of Detectives Bohen to spare no
effort in apprehending the indicted offi
cial. Bohen, evidently concluding that
McGlade had either left the city or
was in hiding, at once detailed several
of his best men to find him. Knowing
that ))•• was in the habit of visiting a
woman on Stockton street, Detective
Gibson was sent t" watch ht-r home,
as it was thought at th>- time that he
might leave the city with her. After
waiting for several hours and not get
ting a clew to the whereabouts of .\.r
<;iail«-. the detective entered the house
and asked for the woman. He was
told that she was out, but, convinced
that the woman was .still in the house,
lv- proceeded to make a search for her.
Unable t<> find her, he inspected her
private apartments, and was surprised
to find thai most of her wearing ap
parel was missing. Qibson lust no time
in notifying Captain Bohen, and de
termined search was then instituted
for McGlade. Despite the efforts of
the detectives, his whereabouts are
still shrouded in mystery. They are
Batisfled that he has either left the city
or is in hiding.
About a w.-Vk ago a secrei indictment
was returned against McGlade. The
Grand Jury had heard the rumor that
he intended to skip in the hope .if es
caping: further prosecution, and at the
request of the foreman the indictment
van secretly Bled. Tn some, manner the
matter became public and the friends
of the disgraced bookkeeper lost go
time in informing him of the action of
the Grand Jury. The Indictment was
turned over to Chief Lees, with in
structions to do all in his power to find
and arrest McGlade.
Immediately after learning that the
Indictment had been found against him
McOlade, evidently fearing another
trial and possible conviction, made ;i .r
rangements to leave the city. The de
tectives, hearing of his intended flight,
redoubled their efforts, but without
finding a trace of him. McGlade en-
Joys his release from prison on 55000
bonds. It is eald that his bondsmen will
rot lose anything in case he has flown,
as they are personal friends of his, and
rather than "throw them down," as
McGlade remarked to a friend, he had
made arrangements that "if the bond is
forfeited they will be Indemnified
against any loss."
Captain Kohen does not believe that
McGlade has left the city, but thinks
he has gone into hiding.
"If he is in the city I think
•we -will get him," remarked
the veteran detective last night.
"McGlade is too well known to
hope that he can evade us. It is true
that the police have been anxiously
seeking him, but without success."
Evidently satisfied that he has left
the city, it is known that Captain Bo
The Power of Storm.
The Cayman Islands in the West Indies were
nearly overwhelmed by the recent storm. Even
apparently secure things are not safe. Even
If you have health be on your guard. Dis-
ease works stealthily— lt undermines and trou-
ble occurs where it is least expected. An oc-
casional dose of Hostetter's Stomach Hitters
will keep the bowels regular, the stomach sweet
nnd disease at bay. If you have Indigestion
and constipation try It. It cures.
Pain|ess Dentistry.
£<!sf%T&f¥S ' SEE OUR NEW
|^f™Hesn=Lolorea
■r i Cannot be detected from
• V*g& \3 the natural teeth and gum.
\'B^^ W thin and stronger than
. rubber.
Crowns. *3.50. Plates. $3. Filling. 500.
ALL, WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth st., Cor. Stevenson.
hen has sent a description of Mr-
Glade to the various Sheriffs through
out the country asking them to be on
the lookout for him.
McGlade's arrest when his pecula
tions were first discovered, it was
learned last night, was brought about
by the woman who is supposed to have
gone with him.
Knowing that she was on intimate
terms with him, <>ne of Chief Lees' men
visiit'c] her house for the purpose of
finding out what had become of Mc-
Glade. The women in the bouse em
phatically declared that she was not in
the house. Suspecting that they were
telling an untruth, the detective de
clared bis intention of Bearching the
rooms. Just as he proceeded to carry
out the intention the much wanted
woman emerged from a room on the
upper floor and was promptly recog
nized by the detective. When ques
tioned she denied knowing anything
about McGlade, but finally broke down
and confessed that he was on his way
to Mexico. The detective reported the
conversation to Chief Lees, who, by
using the telegraph wires, headpd off
the absconding official. An officer was
sent for him and he was brought back.
As the woman has also disappeared, the
police are morally certain that she is
with McGlade.
To-day pictures of McOlade will bo
sent to the various officials throughout
the country, with instructions to arrest
him on sight. As he cannot very well
disguise himself, the police are hopeful
Of apprehending him.
A DANGEROUS NEWSBOY.
Harry Johnson Robbed a Companion
and Tried to Suffocate Him
With Carbon-Monoxide.
Harry Johnson, a newsboy, is on the
mail to be made a first-class criminal ac
cording to the evidence against him in
Judgi- Graham's court yesterday when h^
appeared to answer a charge of petty
i larceny.
The complaining witness was another
■ newsboy, Joseph Mooney, who testified
I that a few nights ago he took Harry to
hi* room in the Revere House, 878 Mis
sion street, to sleep with him. Next
morning, when Mooney awoke, Harry was
K'"i!>- and had taken with him 85 cents
and a black sweater belonging to Mooney.
Not only that, hut tlu- gas had been
1 turned on, and the room was full of the
deadly carbon-monoxide, Harry evidently
being intent upon suffocating Mooney
after robbing him. ■ Johnson sold the
sweater to Aaron Solomons, a pawn
broker. for 20 cents.
Hurry refused to testify and declined
to give any information about himself.
The Judge s.-nt him to the Whlttier Re
form School.
FECKER WANTS
DAMAGES FROM
W, J, SUTHERLAND
Another Chapter to a
Love Affair.
Colonel "William J. Sutherland's trou
blea are still in the embryonic state. Con
rad Keeker, who a short time ago sued
his wife. Amber Fecker, for divorce, al
leging infidelity as a cause of action and
naming Colonel Sutherland as co-respond
ent, yesterday filed suit against the colo
nel to recover $50,000 damages foV the
alienation of his wife's affections and the
discomfort he has suffered through her
unexplained absence. Mr.' Pecker's wife
i associated with Colonel Sutherland under
the name of Mrs. Jennie J. Webber, and
this woman's attempt to make the col
on.-1 pay for his lavishing of affections
upon her has long been a matter of pub
lic gossip.
During the month of August, 1898, the
j plaintiff alleges, while be was living hap
! plly with and supported his wife, Mrs.
: Amber Fecker, at 308 Leavenworth street,
Colonel Sutherland wrongfully intending
to injure him and deprive him of the so
ciety and services of his wife, maliciously
enticed her away from her home and
persuaded her to take a trip with him
to Sacramento. There, it is alleged, the
colonel wined and dined the fair Mrs.
Amber, and succeeded in keeping her
away from home and husband for a pe
riod of several days. At a later date,
namely, in the month of March. 1899. it is
i alleged that Colonel Sutherland again
| stole the innocent Mrs. Fecker away and
enticed her to take a trip with him to
I various towns and places in the State of
I Nevada and this State, and that by his
; praise and flatteries, as well as by his
I constant expression of admiration for th*
i erring wife and by making h<r presents
of fancy articles, he gained her love and
affection to such an extent that he gained
and exercised complete influence and con
trol over her.
Owing to his wife's infatuation for Col
onel Sutherland, Fecker alleges that she
deserted him April 21, and has since re
fused to return to his bed and board. In
conclusion Fecker alleges that Colonel
Sutherland has his wife secreted in some
! place unknown, for all of which wrong-
I ful acts he prays damages in the sum of
! $50,000 and costs of action.
The Rev. Father Ramm to Lecture.
The Rev. Charles A. Ramm will de
liver a lecture In St. Mary's Cathedral on
Wednesday evening, the 31st inst. The
subject of his discourse will be "Friction,
Fury and Fact." The proceeds will go
toward the cathedral contribution for the
new seminary at Menlo Park. Each par
ish of the diocese donated a certain
amount for the furnishing of the Institu
tion.
There is great interest manifested in
the oominp Lecture, as Father Ramm is
one of the most phasing and scholarly
speakers among the Catholic clergy of
the city. He is a graduate of the Univer
sity nf California and of Johns Hopkins,
Baltimore. In the development of hia
theme ho will strike an original vein.
Tickets of admission may be had at the
cathedral residence, 1100 Franklin street.
If your blood is out of order, try Dr.
Sarsfield's constitutional remedy for the
blood. Is a positive cure. For sale by all
druggists; $1 a bottle. •
Six Months for Nannery.
Thorn.is N*ann> ry was sentenced yester
day by United Sjates District Judge do
Haven to six months" imprisonment in the
County Jail (or passing counterfeit
money.
The famous old JBBSK MOORE WHISKY Is
recomroended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 25, 1899.
SLIPPED ON THE ROOF
AND FELL TO HIS DEATH
EDWARD KERRIGAN, a house
painter. was instantly killed
yesterday morning shortly after
he had gone to work on a two
story frame building on Pine street,
near Scott. He and E. J. Marley, his
employer, bad arranged a swinging
stace on which they were to stand
while working, and placed it in the
front yard preparatory to suspending
it against the side of the building.
Kerrigan went on the roof with the
hooks and tackle to fasten the staging,
and before he had made two steps he
slipped on the shingles, which had
been wet by the rain, and fell back
ward off tlie roof, striking upon his
head on the staging and receiving in
juries from which he died before the
ambulance carrying him had reached
the City Receiving Hospital. The jaw
and skull of the unfortunate man were
fractured, and he never recovered
consciousness.
The deceased was a single man. 49
years old, and resided at the south
west corner of Polk street and Broad
way. The body was taken to the
Morgue and an inquest will be held.
STEAMER FOR
THE SANTA FE'S
FERRY BUSINESS
Ocean Wave Arrives
From Puget Sound.
SHE IS A VERY FAST BOAT
IS FOR THE POINT RICHMOND
SAN FRANCISCO RUN.
Was Formerly an Excursion Steamer
on the Columbia River, Running
Between Portland and
Seaside.
One of the fastest ferry boats on the
coast arrived in port from Puget Sound
yesterday. She is the side-wheel steam
ef Ocean Wave and tins been purchased
by the Santa Ke railroad for the Point
Richmond service. It will take about
two months to get her in shape for ferry
business, as she Is fitted out with Btate
rooms and has a straight bow. The
staterooms will all be torn out and the
bow will have to be rounded out like
those on the Oakland ferry boats so that
she will fit the landing slips at this end
and Point Richmond.
The Ocean Wave is ISO feet long, 29
feet beam and 9 feet deep, or a little
smaller than the San Rafael, which ferry
boat she very much resembles. She is
fitted with twin engines and can easily
make her fourteen knots an hour, or
about the speed made by the San Rafael
when on her best behavior. She was
built in ]\'M on the Columbia River for
Jacob Kamm, the millionaire steamboat
man, to run in the excursion business be
tween Portland and Seaside. For over
six years she was one of the most suc
cessful hoa^|| on the run, and then she
was ><M to Puget Sound purties. The
latter paid a fancy price for her. Intend
ing to run her in the Klondike trade, but
when the bottom fell out of that trad.
there was nothing for her to do and she
was put up for sale and purchased by the
Santa Fe.
The Ocean Wave left Port Angeles- in
tow of the tug Holyoke at 9:30 o'clock
on Saturday night. She was all boarded
up in case i< sea should break aboard,
and water ballast was used. Exception
ally fine weather was experienced all the
way down and the last day out the water
ballast was pumped out in order to light
en the tow. This enabled the Holyoke
to come along at a better speed, with the
result that ihv vessels reached port a
day before they 'were expected.
The ocean Wave had not been tied up
at Washington Btreet wharf an hour be
fore carpenters were at work on her.
There are fifty staterooms on the main
deck and over a hundred on the upper
deck, all of which will be torn out. The
upper deck will then be fitted up as a
luxurious saloon, while the lower one
will be prepared for freight. The Ocean
Wave is a "single-ender. Sh*> is again
like the San Rafael in this respect, all
the other ferry boats being "double-end -
ers." The work of getting her ready for
service will be rushed, and it is expected
that she will be ready for business about
tb« first of August.
Several BUgar boats made port yester
day. The barkentines S. N. Castle and
■S. G. Wilder had another race and the
Castle won by twenty-four hours. These
two vesssels nearly always arrive and
sail within a few hours of each other,
and if one wins in the run to Honolulu
the other turns the tables coming to San
Francisco. The Castle was twenty days
and the Wilder twenty-one days coming
up, while the bark Albert made the run
in eighteen days, beating them both. AH
three boats beat the barks Martha Davis,
now out twenty-two days; Ceylon, twen
ty-four days, and Alden Besse, twenty
nine days.
The San Bias arrived from Panama
and way ports yesterday. She had few
passengers but a large cargo, the prin-
THE SANTA FE!S FERRY STEAMER OCEAN WAVE.
I cipal items of which were 400 tons rail
' road iron. 15,060 ■ sacks coffee and 15.000
I sacks sugar. Second officer Cnphlan will
• enjoy his first night ashore in San Fran
j cisco in seven months to-night. He is the
son of Captain Coghlan of the Raleieh
and has not seen his father since the
war began. Second Mate Coshlan was
formerly on the China, and from her he
was transferred to the City of Sydney
and then to the San Bias.
The steamer Roanoke sailed for Puget
Sound yesterday. She is poing into the
Seattle-St. Michael trade.
The ship Guy C. Gosa is going from
her.' to Chemanus to load lumber for
China.
The coasting steamer Huenenie has
been sold by Gray & Mitchell to the Inter
[eland Steamship Company of Hawaii.
She will be taken -to Honolulu by Cap-'
; tain Johnson and on her arrival will be
fitted out for the inter Island trade. The
; Hueneme is almost a new vessel and has
been in the lumber business between here
and If umholdt and also in the passen
ger and general trade on the southern
const.
Captain Kalt has been appointed mas
ter of the schooner Mary Buhne and
Captain Brown of the schooner Les
lie D.
The ammunition of the battleship lowa
was transferred into Piper, Aden and
Goodall Company's schooners yesterday
and sent to the navy yard. The man of
war Is being lightened to enable her to
enter the drydock.
The Occidental and Oriental steamer
Gaelic will sail for the Orient to-day. Be
sides Captain Pieman, who goes to Ma
nila to take command of the Charleston.
Captain McGrath of the army will also
be a passenger for Manila.
Another passenger will be Walter S.
Crossley of the navy, who is assigned as
flag lieutenant to the Baltimore in Ma
nila. This young officer distinguished
himself in Cuban waters by sinking two
of the Spanish gunboats with the United !
States tug Leydou. While cruising about
the waters of Santiago he was pursued !
by a small gunboat flying the Spanish '
flag. In order to give the enemy a fight
ing chance he waited until the vessel got
within range of his gun, when he opened
fire on her and had the satisfaction of
seeing her go to the bottom of the ocean.
He repeated the operation on the next
gunboat that tackled him and got away
clear without any injury to himself or his
; vessel.
For this heroic conduct he was pro-
I moted to the rank of junior lieutenant
commander and ordered to Manila for
duty.
Young Crossley is a native of Ohio, but
was appointed to the navy from Connec
i ticut. On his visit here he availed him
self of the pleasure of calling on : Frank
; W. Whiteside of the internal revenue ser
: vice, who was a Sabbath school pupil of
his mother's away back in Ohio some
years ago.
■_ - ■
REALTY AT AUCTION.
An Important Sale of Property to Be
Held To-Day.
The largest subdivision of land in
recent years is Glen Park Terrace, at
the entrance to Glen Park, and at the
terminus of the new Park branch of
the San Mateo Electric road, upon
which line over 800 feet of the prop
erty faces. The streets have been
graded, Bewered and macadamized, and
the lots have been made ready f<u- th>
builder. The sale will be held at
12 o'clock to-. lay at X<«. 10 Montgom
ery street, and the agents, Baldwin \-
Howell, report thai the indications
point to lively bidding. The terms of
sale are one-quart r cash.
THE BLACKMAILING SOLDIER.
Guy C. Weid Is Convicted of Petty
Larceny and Sentenced to
Three Months.
Guy C. Weid. the discharged soldier who
attempted to blackmail Major Matthews
by stealing valuable documents from the
Presidio Hospital and was arrested on a
charge of grand larceny, appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday. By consent the
charge was reduced to petty larceny and
Weid pleaded guilty, the Judge sentenc
ing him to three months In the County
Jail.
The prosecution consented to the charge
being reduced to petty larceny, as there
will probably be other mid more serous
charges yet to be developed against Weid
Including perjury and forgery. These will
require time for development.
Some special bargains In pianos are to
be had for a fe.w days at Mauvais', 769
Market street. •
One-Legged Man Missing.
The police were notified yesterday by
Ernest Koenig. general secretary of the
Brewery Workmen's Union, of the disap
pearance of Thomas Hoffman, a member
of the union. Hoffman Is a German 36
years of ape, and his right leg is off
above the knee. He has not been seen or
i heard of since May 15.
Hales.
A carload of
Kitchen ware.
Weighs about 25 000 lbs. Over a ton bought by Hale's for this very kitchen-ware occasion. A window
full. A s'oreroom full. A busy sa'esroom overflowing. Selling begins at Ba. m. Extra help to serve you.
2-quart funnel, Quart measure, Preserving kettle. "
o-quart saucepan, heavy steel steel enamel, 5-quart tea kettle, steel enam- steel enamel, very heavy steel enamel,
ename, same as cut, very strong, el, same as cut. . strong, holds 5 quarts,
44e each. 18c each. 55c each. 25c each. 22c each.
4 . ... 21-quart dish pan, can
•♦-quart milk pan, steel 13-inch wash basin, steel 5-quart stew pan. heavy steel stand rough usage, steel
enamel, always clean, enamel, a long 'Master," enamel, same as cut, enamel,
17c each. 20c each. 26c each. BOc each.
>*»»S*^^ '.WlWa, 10-inch pie plate, made of heavy steel
6-hole muffin pan, steel enamel, enamel ware, will last a long time and
makes muffins better, 10-inch ladle, enamel, ', make good pies better.
21 each. io each. " 9c each.
Kimono dressing Wash goods. Outing suits.
StICQUeS. i Wash goods— Nearly 3000 yards of Duck covert cloth outing skirts—
Kimonos-120 just arrived. Japa- organdies and lappets, in plaids, Tan and blue or gray mixtures, neat
nese styles m fancy flannelette and s are rom° W T^ ""^ ? "*** '" d £7'™
imported crepons. many of the ]$? ' <l£ JStor*' / h Se were han §- n 2 $1 00
new colors. ' C and ° C " T °?!° ~ Crash outing skirts— Another lot of
Flannelette kimonos $1.00 6 '* C yard the 49c ■ ones just received, full
Crepon kimonos $1.50 --t /XT MT *W7 width, wide hem; good for knock-
pj..., ' vfl^j^K^fcy r*^£:, /£/ $ ar&? about vacation wear 49c
Pillowcases— big lot made of fac- Js^^^Goo c '^^^ mUSlin Snap.
Tory remnants, just the same to you ' -**■ I* OOO^-^ 54-inch muslin— A good heavy
in 'oaks and wear, 45x36 inches. QQf; o. ft Ti/ro~l™+ C+ muslin, VA yards wide. Was 11c.
The usual 10c k nds for..7e each yoO-y4y Market St. The closing price B l^C yard
JURY FOUND
TO CONVICT
POKER PLAYERS
Fourth Trial Proves
Successful.
JURY OUT HALF AN HOUR
L. H. HANSE-i OF THE METRO
POLE SALOON THE VICTIM.
The Jury Qualifies the Verdict With
a Recommendation to the Ex
treme Mercy of the
Court.
For the first time since the crusade
against the poker rooms on Market street
was inaugurated has a jury brought in a
verdict In favor of decency and morality,
but it was accompanied with a recom
mendation to the extreme mercy of the
court.
The case was that of Ij. H. Hansen.
proprietor of the Metropole saloon. 77.~>
Market street, who was charged before
acting Police Judge Groezinger with per
mitting a percentage game of poker to
be played In his saloon. The case was
called last week, but only ten jurors out
of a venire of forty were accepted. An ad
ditional venire of fifteen was Issued and
yesterday afternoon the other two jurors
were procured. The jurors accepted
were: J. Neustadter, W. T. Dunn, E. W.
Strange, I. Menser, G. Lubbe, George
Vincent, James Price, T. Broderick, J.
Cavanaugh, C. Brown, A. C. Pascoe and
\V. Loring.
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter con
ducted the prosecution, and the defendant
was represented by Attorney Sanderson.
Policemen G. W. Tracey and F. W. Esola
testified to seeing two hands played in
the clubroom of the saloon on April 24.
and saw John Mason, the conductor of
the. game, take out chips from the cen
ter of the table. They saw no drinks.
Hales.
cigars or sandwiches served to the play
ers while they were watching the two
games.
The defense called John Mason, the
conductor of the game, and the defend
ant, and they were questioned as to the
chips being taken out for drinks, cigars
or sandwiches, but Carpenter objected to
such testimony unless it could be shown
that the drinks, cigars or sandwiches
were supplied to the players while the po
lice were there, and the objection was
sustained. H. Rels was also called for
the defense, but Carpenter objected to
his testimony and it was stricken out.
Counsel addressed the jury, and the
Prosecuting Attorney paid particular at
tention to the meaning of the word per
centage, and contended that the men?
fact that the conductor of the game took
a portion of the chips from the table
proved that what was taken was a per
centage of the whole.
The Judge in his charge to the jury said
among other things: "While the ordl
. nary game of poker Is not prohibited by
I law", still if such game is so played that
I a person who conducts and carries on the
', game but not participating in the play
I takes out a part or portion of the money
or checks as representatives of value
from such money or checks played for as
a percentage for himself, then such game
| would be a percentage game within the
meaning of the statute. It would be im
material whether or not anything in th-3
shape of drinks, cigars, etc., was after
ward furnished to the players." The
i Judge also charged that it was not neces
sary for the prosecution to prove the ex
act percentage taken.
The jury retired and after being out
for about half an hour returned with a
verdict of guilty, but with a recommenda
tion to the extreme mercy of the court.
The Judge ordered the defendant to ap
pear for sentence to-day.
WEATHER BUREAU'S WORK
IN EASTERN COLLEGES
SYSTEM MAY BE INTRODUCED i
IN THIS STATE.
Chief Moore Tells of Excellent Re
sults by Co-operation in Train
ing Men in Meteorology.
It is more than likely that the co-opera
tion now existing between the Weather
j Bureau and the Department of Agricul-
I ture and certain Eastern colleges will be I
( extended to this coast so as to include |
the California and Stanford universities. I
I Chief Willis L.. Moore, acting under the j
I specific directions of Secretary James j
Wilson, has already arranged co-opera- I
tion with the Ohio State University, Johns
Hopkins University and the University of
Tennessee with such excellent results
that the system will he introduced into '<
other institutions of learning.
Forecast Official McAdie states that j
Professor Moore is an enthusiast on the
subject and has established by his ef
forts a close relationship between edu
cational institutions and the scientific de
partments of the Government. In dis
cussing the subject recently Professor
Moore said: ,
"The study of meteorology is becoming
a most important one, and as a rule only
graduates of universities and scientific
schools have the necessary educational
foundation for its practical pursuit. It is
for that reason that the Department of
Agriculture is introducing the work of
co-operation in the universities wherever
found feasible. In some cities the offices
of the Weather Bureau are located in
the university buildings. A complete
meteorological observatory is maintain!
to which the students are given full ac
cess. Lectures by bureau officials are
included in the college curriculum and
substantial results are obtained in tin
fitting of technically trained men for ag
ricultural work. The Secretary has di
rected that student observers be em
ployed at weather stations, so as to per
mit poor but ambitious boys to get a col
lege education.
"The agricultural colleges endowed by
Congress are educating men in the
science relating to agriculture, and sin'h
men may now bo had who are competent
to report intelligently on the productions \
of the country. They keep the farmers i
of the United" States informed regarding
crops, markets a.-l their tendencies much
more accurately than agents not scien
tifically educated. There is a large and
| growing need tor such men. and the de
partment desires to foster their advance
ment. There an- about twenty-five young
I men working out their scholarships in
different subordinate capacities in the
weather service."
Boy Smugglers Released.
Albgrt Martin and Kdward Miller, the
16-year-old boys arrested by Customs In
spectors last Tuesday while smuggling
cigars oft the Gaelk. were released on
their own recognizance yesterday by
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock on the recommendation of United
States Attorney Coombs.
Ladles" tailor-made suits, fur capea, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothachlld. 211 Sutter, rooms 6-7.
Haie's.
3-Day Specials!
Low prices must always be the best of
arguments -when they are backed up
with quality. Some very strong argu-
ments for trading with us are told below.
WHITE WINE, gal 40c
A delicious old table wine.
Regular price 75c.
COCOA, 1-2 1b tin 20c
Miller's 'Breakfast • Cocoa,
double strength, absolutely pure.
Regular price 25c.
PRUNES pep 1b \ . 5c
French style — good sized.
Regular price 3 lbs 25c.
WHISKY, bot. 75c, 3 b0t5...52.00 <
Gallon $3.00
The- celebrated E. C. Berry
spring '90 Bourbon.
Regular price $1 and $4.
SARDINES, a; a Bordelaise, tin 15c
Regular price 20c.
ENGLISH MUSTARD, K-lb. tin...lOc
Keen's— made in London, of unequajed
quality. Regular price 15c.
A practical demonstration of Germea at our
Stockton-street store this week.
Mail Orders Solicited. Catalogues Tim.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone Wtit 152.
|
*=£ \\ 1 / / / PLATES.. SI.OO np 5E=»
<=2 \. WiA" / V*^ FILLINSS ..25cnp3=»
3g CROWNS. $3. 50 tip JJj»
3* 'Jx / m V\ Painle«J Extraction
"^S feA - iJ By electricity our jj*
32 Open Evenings and Sundays. jj^
> v\Aisr v"roo:m: Si
ELECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS, JJG
=5 997 MARKET, COR. SIXTH. 2^
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB.
0-
REFRIGERATORS!
A SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK, $6. .
THESE REFRIGERATORS ARE
HARD WOOD, FINISHED IN AN-
TIQUE. LINED THROUGHOUT
"WITH ZINC, SOLID BRONZE
TRIMMINGS. EVERY REFRIG-
ERATOR GUARANTEED.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/O/7-/023 MISSION STREET,
fibove Slxtl).
Phone Sooth 11. Open Evenings.
Ha rr nnil I I Corner Fourth and A
PACE lirivnl Market, 8. F. Try
I ll rr Kill 111 our s P eclal Bre^
iiHrr nij i HL steam and
Ulll L IIUNIUr, Overcoatsini
Valises checked Ire«v