VOLUME /LXXXV- NO. 59.
HOWARD E. WRIGHT CONVICTED BY
THE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE
COMMITTEE REPORT
WAS A VINDICATION
BUT NOT FOR WRIGHT
All the Efforts of Burns Could Not Save
the Speaker.
The Energies of the Man From Mexico Now
Exerted to Save the Disgraced Assemblyman
From the Effects of His Conviction.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 27.— Yesterday afternoon
Speaker of the Assembly Howard E.
Wright stood on the steps in front of
the Golden Eagle Hotel and exclaimed,
"To-morrow I will get my vindication."
'. He got it.
It time to-day in the form of are
: port from the Assembly Investigating
commi'Uee setting forth that Wright's
■ offense against the law and against the
rights of the people of the State was too
great for mere censure. Deposition
: from his position of Speaker or expul
sion from the Assembly were suggested
as the only means whereby the Assem
bly could justly punish Wright for the
grave offense of which he had been
found guilty.
.':. It was a vindication, but not fori
■Vt-il6_„ '"' --" '""."" ''.""j
It was a vindication for those who
have urged the cause of justice and de
manded that the Assembly purge itself
■of the disgrace that would follow the
shielding of a member accused of an
.infamous act. So far as the report of
' the committee relates to the charge
against the Speaker of the Asembly no
one can say that it deals out more or
less than even-handed justice. In this
particular all honest men must take
. their hats off to the members of the
• committee, for the reason that they
have shown neither fear nor favor and
have held to the right in spite of the
efforts that have been made by Sen
atorial candidates, whose toes were be
ing pinched, to pull them down.
The committee's report, which is print
ed in full in another column, sets forth
.; in detail all of the counts in the in
dictment against Wright. It also con
tains a severe arraignment of U. S.
'debate on the blacklist bill.
r* ■''' ' -y' r ' yr^tV'Z' ■■■ fi.'i - •'■■'. •,' * •*■ ' ■-' ■■ r ■yy"^ y. -. '! • -".-»■* }>.- - • .■"-.,:' ■ " V-y '''.*' -
The San Francisco Call.
Grant Jr., and his political manager,
Milton J. Green, for the methods em-
ployed by them incident to the use of
money to promote Grant's Senatorial
candidacy. D. M. Burns and William
F. Herrin are not forgotten, nor did
Assemblyman Jilson escape without
being mentioned in connection with the
payment to him of $400 for use during
the campaign. It was to Assemblyman
Cosper that the whitewash brush was
applied in a manner that may not be
fully understood yTthout a relation of
the proceedings of the day that pre
ceded the filing of the committee's re
port.
Early in the afternoon the sub-cor- |
mittee appointed for that purpose paid '
a visit to the apartments of Milton J.
Green in the Golden Eagle Hotel for the
purpose of taking his deposition in re
lation to the accusation, that Assembly
man Cosper had, through " Charles G.
Lamberson, solicited a bribe of $6000 '
from Green in return for his promise to |
vote for Grant for Senator. Green's tes- j'■
timony was to the effect that he had
been visited by Lamberson soon after '
the Legislature convened and that
Lamberson had suggested that if he
would give Cosper $6000 the Assembly
man might be Induced to vote for
Grant. Lamberson added that Cosper
had received a like offer from the Burns
people, but that he would prefer to
cast his vote for the San Diegan, all
conditions being equal. For reply
Green sent his compliments to Cosper
with the statement that he waa not in
the business of buying votes.
Lamberson was put on the stand later
ln the afternoon and in reply to ques
tions told the committee that he had
called on Green, who, by the way, had
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 28, 1899.
THE CALL'S POSITION ON
WRIGHT VINDICATED
, "That In view of the above findings of fact your committee recommends:
"First—That the conduct of Howard E. Wright, Speaker of the Assem
bly, as above set forth, be held to be reprehensible in an extreme degree, and
that no mere censure on the part of the Assembly can meet the requirements
of justice. -: *rr-:-'^o '. _' : : -v»".*
" Without recommending what shall be done in the premises, whether
deposition from the speakership, or other adequate punishment, we leave
the course to be pursued tp'ff he judgment jof the Assembly _
[Extract from the report of, -the. Investigating Committee.] -
■■■'•■■ ■- ~ ■»■•-.-.»• . ' ■ v ?*' ■ - :\: :yy • : ' T '• •' ■ . ■■
reimbursed him to the extent of $135,
money spent in the campaign, and had
suggested that Green use money to se
cure the votes of legislators for Grant.
He then said, "Jokingly," that if Green
wanted Cosper's vote he had better pay
him (Cosper) $5000 or $6000.
In making out its report the com
mittee made light of this evidence and
completely exonerated Cosper. With
rare presence of mind Chairman Cosper
signed his name to the report, thus
putting himself on record as a believer
in his own innocence. It is not often
that a man can be found in public life
who has the strength of character to
investigate himself and the courage to
make public the result over his own
signature.
The report of the investigating com
mittee was read in- the Assembly at
5:30 o'clock this ' afternoon, adjourn-
ment . having been postponed to allow
the committee time in- which to finish
the preparation of the written result
of its deliberations during the past ten
days... As. soon .as. the clerk had fin
ished reading, Johnson : of Sacramento
moved ' that the consideration of the
report be postponed until ; to-morrow
morning, and that it be made ? special
order for that time. There was no op
position to this proposition, and the
motion was carried.
; • This morning, when it j was known
that the committee would report this
afternoon, and that tne report would
handle Speaker Wright without gloves,
the leaders in the Burns camp set
about to find some way by which
Wright could be saved. It soon be
came known that the Burns forces
would make an attempt to delay ■ the
consideration of the report until such
time as they could fix up a programme
to their liking. To this end it was ar
ranged that Dibble of San Francisco
should occupy the speaker's chair when
the report was, presented, and that he
would cut off debate. Johnson of Sac-
ramento was selected to lead the fili
bustering on the floor in case the ma
jority of the members displayed an in
clination to discuss the report.
/ In pursuance of this plan/ Speaker
•Wright called Dibble to the chair im
mediately after the Assembly . recon
vened after the noon recess, and there
he stayed until the report was read at
5:30 o'clock. The lateness of the hour
prevented all members from \ desirine
to discuss the • report to-day, i and so
it was that Johnson encountered no
opposition to his motion to postpone
action. ' , '
To-night Dibble ■ and Johnson held a
long conference with Burns.. and plans
were prepared for the fight that is to
be made for. Wright to-morrow. It is
probable that they will seek' to have
the consideration of the report post
poned until Monday, hoping that over
Sunday some scheme may be concocted
or some combination effected that will
prove of advantage to themselves. As
this is the sort of politics that "is most
congenial to Burns, It is quite probable
that he' will outgeneral the' opposition
and finally succeed in carrying out the
promise made by him to the disgraced
Speaker. He has for his lieutenants
on the floor of the Assembly such men
as Johnson and Dibble, i both '. of whom
have .long: since served their appren
ticeship ,in the art of obstructlnc
latlon when such a course is necessary j
to carry out a given purpose. < r ., •„,;..
The Grant forces are as yet undecided
as to the course they shall pursue rela
tive to the report of the committee.
They held an informal 'caucus" to-night
and decided to postpone further discus
sion of their attitude in the matter un
til 9 o'clock to-morrow morning, when
they will hold another meeting and
finally determine whether to stand by
the report or consent -to a postpone
ment until Monday. ',f i
The followers of Senator Bulla also
caucused to-night. They. . decided to
stand by the report and vote for its ac
ceptance. The same course will proba
bly be pursued by the Barnes - forces,
the minority members and .such other
scattering members as are not in sym
pathy with Burns and his followers.
There is also some talk to-night -to the
effect that Wright • ; may . resign as
Speaker and thus put an end to all con
troversy. Such a course would probably
have the effect .of anticipating any
action looking to his expulsion from the
Assembly. Very little credence is given
these rumors, as it -is considered prob
able that Wright- will rely on Burns to
save him by the practice of some sharp
political trick. '
; Neither Burns nor the Assembly can
save Wright from the condemnation of
the committee, because that has al
ready been rendered and no amount of
political juggling or sharp practice can
set •it aside. • The committee not only
condemned . him, but \it also fixed his
sentence, which is deposition or expul
sion.
SENATOR ASHE HAS
WON HIS CONTEST
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 27.— Senator Ashe of the
Twenty-fourth Senatorial District of
Sari Francisco' has won the contest
brought against his seat by Leon Den
nery. . . ; ' • ' : ■ r .
• The Senate Committee on Contested
Elections brought its - consideration of
the case : to* a close this f evening and
decided , unanimously that Ashe should
retain his seat in the Senate.
: . \ The decision <of j the \ committee was
based solely upon , the evidence and
depositions laid before it. No recount
of the ballots cast was made nor were
they ordered brought to this city. Both
contestant and contestee agreed to
abide by the evidence and ! documents
adduced when the case was heard In
the Justice's court in San Francisco. .
. Senator Stratton of Alameda has been
delegated to prepare the findings and
wind up the case. ' :
_
Governor Budd _ Picture Bill Passed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 27.— Legislature is will
ing that the State of California shall
spend $300 to secure a picture of ex-Gov
ernor J. H. Budd to place in the Capitol,
gallery of famous men. The Senate final
ly passed the bill this morning. Original
ly the Assemblymen voted to spend $500
for this picture, but the Senate reduced
it to $300. thinking that amount suffi
cient. The House will probably concur in
the amendment and the bill will very
shortly be in Governor Gage's hands.
EVERY CHARGE MADE
BY THE CALL HAS
BEEN FULLY PROVEN
Report of Investigating Committee
Condemns Wright.
Enormity of the Speaker's Offense Set Forth
in Terms That Permit of No Misunder
standing and Leave No Loophole.
The special committee appointed to investigate into. scandals
connected with the election of the United States Senator finds that
Howard E. Wright, Speaker of the Assembly, received from U. S.
Grant Jr., through his political manager, Milton J. Green, $900
. as a gift and! $750 as a loan; that Wright prior to his election de
ceived John D. Spreckeis and W. S. Leake to secure their sup
port for the speakership ; that he also secured the support of Robert
N. Bulla and Daniel M. Burns through, deception.
The committee finds further that U. S. Grant, through his
manager, Green, spent large sums of money to secure the election
of a Republican Legislature, the exact amount to the committee
unknown.
The committee recommends: First — That the conduct of How
ard E. Wright, Speaker of the Assembly, as above set forth, be
held to be reprehensible in an extreme degree and that no. mere
censure on the part of the Assembly can meet the requirements of \
• justice. ■/<■ ■ ■ : * ':.'•- ; -'^2'yy- '•' 2y-..y .y :.[ 2, ■" ,■■■' •■.-■•'■ ~' *'
.■Second—That the expenditure, of large sums of money in aid.
- of the candidacy of a United States Senator in the manner above
set forth is wrong and reprehensible. * .
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 27.— Following is the .
report of the Committee of Investigation of the Assembly:
'.'•---• --.-.----- --. ".- - y:yyy yyr - '.
' -Mr. Speaker— Your~speclal- committee on investigation beg leave to report .
that on the 16th day of January, 1899, the Assembly duly passed the follow
ing resolution:
Whereas, Direct charges have been made that improper means
have been used to influence the action of Hon. Howard E. Wright, a
member of and Speaker of the Assembly, in the election of a United
States Senator by the Legislature; and - ;.
> Whereas, It has been charged that some persons have used and *
are using illegal methods to influence the action of members of the As
sembly in the said election; and y : jy-' '.;■':-' y\
Whereas, It has been indirectly charged that members of the As- i
sembly have been improperly influenced in their votes for United States ]_■.
Senator; and "yyyy 
Whereas, Such charges have been given wide publicity and
should be investigated to the end that if found to be true the guilty
should be punished, and if found tobe untrue the originators thereof
should be punished; now therefore, be it v
Resolved, That a select committee of seven members of the Assem
bly be appointed by the Speaker pro tern. to immediately and fully,, thor
oughly and carefully investigate each and ' all of i said charges, whether
direct or indirect, and also to investigate in like manner the methods j
used to influence members of the Assembly in • their* votes for United
States Senator, and that said committee have full power to send for per
sons, books, telegrams and papers and to employ a clerk and stenog
rapher, and that it have leave to sit during the sessions of the Assem
ply, and that said committee report, fully, as speedily as possible, with
such recommendations as it may deem proper. ;S'>A
That Immediately upon the adoption of the resolution we entered upon our
duties in that behalf, and have diligently prosecuted the inquiry to this
time, holding our sittings daily and nightly. r*'yy V
A great number of witnesses. have been examined, and a wide range of \
Inquiry -has been instituted.* entering even into, the domain of rumor and
conjecture that no hidden truth might escape us. ■ • ryy- .'--'.'
We herewith report our findings: "
. ...... - . .-
First That the Hon. Howard E. Wright, Speaker of the
Assembly of this the thirty-third session of the Legislature of
the State of California, received irom Ulysses S. Grant Jr.,
through his duly accredited . political manager, Milton J.
Green, the sum of $900 as a contribution to assist him to se
cure his election to this Assembly, which sum of money, as testi
fied by said Wright, was expended by the said Wright in ad
vancing his nomination and election, prior to the primaries next
preceding the general election on November 8,- 1898.
Second — That the said Wright also received from the same
sources the further sum of $750 after his nomination and pre-
ceding his election, which sum was a loan to be repaid.
■ ■.'•"''.-''.,'' ,' ■ - - . ... -.
Third That the said Wright, prior to his election as
Speaker of this Assembly, led John D. Spreckeis and W. S.
Leake, owner and manager, respectively, of the; San Francisco
Call, to believe that he was wholly unpledged and under no ob
ligations relative to the election of United States Senator, and
thereby secured to himself the supporting influence of the San
Francisco Call in the furtherance of his candidacy for the Speak
ership.
Fourth— That the said Howard E. Wright secured to him
self the influence of Robert N. Bulla and his friends in aid of his
election to the Speakership by an expressed promise that, if
elected, he would vote for the said Robert N. Bulla for United
States Senator. /
Fifth— That the said Howard E. Wright, by the acceptance
of said contribution of $900 in aid of his election, and in the
acceptance of said loan of .said sum of $750 from Ulysses S.
Grant Jr., led the said Grant to believe that if the said Howard
E. Wright were "elected to the Assembly he would be friendly to
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
INCIDENTS OF THE DAY AT SACRAMENTO.
the candidacy of the said Ulysses S. Grant for : United -State's
Senator.
Sixth— That the said Howard E. Wright sought and ob
tained the influence of Daniel M. Burns in aid of his candidacy
for the 'Speakership in such- a manner as to lead the said Daniel
M. Burns to expect the vote of the said Howard E.Wright,
after the said Daniel M.Burns had become a candidate for
United States Senator, by reason of the obligations he (Wright)
was under for such aid and influence. v
Seventh— That in receiving said sums
of money from the .said Ulysses S.
Grant Jr., and in receiving such aid and
assistance from the said Daniel Burns,
there was no consideration given there
for by the said Howard E. Wright by
way of an expressed promise to vote
for either of said candidates for United
States Senator.
Eighth— That th.' said Howard E.
Wright applied to W. F. Herrin of the
i aw department of the Southern Pacific
Company for transportation mileage
tickets instead of making application
to the offices of the said company, who
usually sell such tickets, and that the
said Howard E. Wright, on the receipt
of the same, paid therefor the regula
l'" price. . '' .. ._
Ninth— That as to the charge that the
said Howard E. Wright applied to the
said W. F. Herrin for $1200, or any oth
er sum of money, we were unable to
obtain any evidence whatever in sup
port thereof.
Tenth— That Milton J. Green of San
Francisco was the duly appointed and
accredited political manager of Ulysses
S. Grant Jr. of San Diego, a candidate
before the Legislature for United States
Senator. *.'■*' ~ . _
Eleventh— That the said Milton J.
Green had the full power to manage
such candidacy in such manner and
method as he night choose, and to ex
pend such moneys as he saw fit. in any
sum and any manner at any place that
he might deem proper, saving 'and ex
cepting such expenditures should be
legitimate and only for legitimate pur
poses, as testified by the said Milton J.
Green and Ulysses S. Grant Jr.
' Twelfth— That the said Milton J.
Green expended large. sums of money,
exceeding in amount $20,000, but the
exact sum of which this committee has
been unable to learn for the reason that
the said Milton J. Green refused to.
answer certain questions which were
calculated to develop that fact. and for
which refusal he now stands commit
ted to appear before the bar of the As
sembly to show cause why he should
not be held for contempt.
Thirteenth— That on behalf of the
said Ulysses S. Grant Jr. the said Mil
ton J. Green sent various sums of
money, ranging in amounts from $100
to $500, into many of the legislative
districts for the purpose of assisting in
the election of a Republican Legisla
ture. In at least ten of. such districts
the Republican candidates therein had
no knowledge of the money so expend
ed in their behalf.
Fourteenth the said Milton
J. Green, on behalf of the said
Ulysses S. Grant Jr., gave to Daniel
T. Cole the sum of $500, to be ex
pended by the said Cole in aid of the
candidacy of the said Ulysses S.
Grant Jr. for United States Senator;
that of the said sum of $500 the said
Daniel T. Cole expended $100 in
traveling and hotel expenses for him
self and the remaining $400 the said
Cole gave to Assemblyman Jilson of
the First Assembly District, which
amount, as testified by the said Jilson,
was expended in aid of the election of
the Republican candidates for Gov
ernor, Railroad Commissioner, Jus
tice of the Supreme Court, member of
With the Senators During ; the Discussion on the Bond Question . for the Improvement San Francisco's Seawall.
Congress and the State Senator in the
Second District; but that no part
thereof was by the said Jilson ex
pended in aid of his own candidacy.
Fifteenth— That the said Milton J.
Green, for the purpose of aiding the
candidacy of Ulysses S. Grant Jr. for
United States Senator, offered to As
semblyman Alden Anderson, represent
ing the Nineteenth Assembly District,
the sum of $250 or thereabouts, to aid
the said Anderson's election; which
tender was by the said Anderson re
jected.- -
Sixteenth— That in no case where the
said Milton J. Green expended money
in aid of the candidacy of the said
Ulysses S. Grant Jr. for United States
Senator, so far as the evidence adduced
shows, was a direct promise exacted
from any legislative candidate into
whose district money was sent that he.
the said candidate, should vote for the
said Ulysses S. Grant Jr. for United
States Senator.
Seventeenth— That the moneys so ex
pended, as aforesaid, by the said Milton
J. Green, in aid of the candidacy of
Ulysses S. Grant Jr. were not expended
through the medium of the State cen
tral or the various county central com
mittees to aid in the election of the
general ticket, but were expended by
the said Milton J. Green in aid of the
legislative ticket, except the money ex
pended by Assemblyman Jilson, as
above set forth. However, the said
Ulysses. S. Grant Jr. did make a per
sonal contribution of $450 to the county
central committee of San Diego County
in aid of the general ticket.
Eighteenth— That the evidence does
not reveal that Daniel M. Burns, Robert
X. Bulla, W. H. L. Barnes or any other
candidate for United States Senator,
except as herein stated, has expended
any money, promised any patronage or
threatened to withhold any patronage
under their control in aid of their can
didacy, yy-.yy-
Nineteenth— That A. H. Merrill, As
. semblyman, representing the Thirty
; sixth District, solicited Daniel M. Burns
I to use his influence to secure two rail
: road tickets from W. F. Herrin, chief
' counsel of the Southern Pacific Com
, pany, for the use of a friend who had
- assisted said Merrill in his candidacy
! for the Assembly. That said Daniel M.
Burns did purchase said tickets for the
i friend of said Assemblyman Merrill and
a few days thereafter paid the said
' Herrin $132 50 for the same. It is testi
fied to by the said Merrill and the said
j Burns that the said tickets were pur
chased and paid for on\y as an act of
| charity and fraternal obligation.
In the case of Assemblyman E. T.
■ Cosper the testimony shows ■ that
Charles G. Lamberson, an attorney of
Visalia, in talking with Milton J. Green,
suggested as others were making a
money fight perhaps he (Green) had
better offer Cosper $5000 or $6000. The
testimony further shows that this in
timation was made wholly without the
knowledge or consent' of said Cosper
and was flatly refused and rebuked by
Green. The testimony further shows
that said Cosper is, wholly exonerated
from the intimation of improper influ
ences. ; ■ •■-; '-. -•' :y .'•
That, in view of the above findings
of fact, your, committee recommends:
First— That the conduct
of Howard E. Wright,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 28, 1899.
THE WHITEWASH BRUSH
USED ON MR. COSPER.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 27.-Here is where
Assemblyman Cosper gets his bucket of whitewash :
EXTRACT FROM REPORT OF COMMITTEE.
"In the case of Assemblyman E. T. Cosper the testimony shows that
Charles G. Lamberson, an attorney of Visalia, in talking with Milton J.
Green, suggested as others were making a money fight perhaps he (Green)
had better offer Cosper $5000 or $6000. The testimony further shows
that this intimation was made wholly without the knowledge or con
sent of said Cospar and was flatly refused and rebuked by Green.
The testimony further shows that said Cosper is wholly exonerated from
the intimation of improper influences."
EXTRACT FROM TESTIMONY OF LAMBERSON.
"I said to him : 'Well, Milt, ain't you making a money fight on this
proposition?' and he said 'No.' ' Well,' I said, *I didn't know, but if you
were perhaps you might offer Cosper five or six thousand dollars, and he
would see it your way,' "
EXTRACT FROM GREEN'S TESTIMONY.
"Mr, Lamberson went on to say that he had heard it reported that
Mr. Cosper had been offered $6000 to vote for Burns, and that perhaps he
was waiting for a similar offer from us,"
Speaker of the Assembly,
as above set forth, be held
to be reprehensible In an
extreme degree, and that
no mere censure on the
part of the Assembly can
meet the requirements of
justice. Without recom
mending what shall be
done in the premises,
whether deposition from
the speakership or other
adequate punishment, we
leave the course to be pur
sued to the judgment of
the Assembly.
Second— That the expen
diture of large sums of
money in aid of the candi
; dacy of a United States
Senator .in the manner
above set forth is wrong
and reprehensible, in that
it is calculated to corrupt
i morals, to debauch the
political system, to deter
poor men of ability from
entering upon a Senatorial
campaign, and to give to
the rich an unwarranted
and unjustifiable advan
tage over men of equal
ability and qualifications,
but of limited means ; that
the receiving of money by
legislative candidates
from probable Senatorial
candidates, either directly
or indirectly, in aid of their
own candidacy, is repre
hensible for the same rea
sons.
E. T. COSPER
(Chairman).
J. K. BURNETT.
W. H. LA BAREE.
J. B. SANFORD.
W. B. LARDNER.
r W. S. MELICK.
. To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
druggists refund the money if It falls to cur*.
ZEc. The genuine, ba- _. B. Q. on each tablet.
NO CHANCE IN THE VOTE. !
CALL . HEADQUARTERS, SAC- t
RAMENTO, Jan. There, was no '
change in the thirty-second ballot
cast for Senator to-day. Grant and J
Burns scored one less vote each, be- (
cause of absentees, but . retained ->
their relative positions at the head <
of the list by means of the "pair" ".
system. •-:>'", :y2--'<^2 : y
Ulysses S. Grant and Daniel M. *
Burns were both in the chamber ->
during the ballot, but did not stay <
to hear the usual result announced. '
The day's vote was as follows: '
BARNES 11 <
ESTEE 1 "
BURNS 23 '
BULLA ......13 '
FELTON 1 '
GRANT 25 J
SCOTT 2 '
DE VRIES 1 "
ROSENFELD 1 '
BARD 1 .
WHITE 30 ...
E. P. MORGAN 1 (
The enrollment of the Chickasaw Na
tion has been completed by the Dawes
Commission and « shows a total of 13,490,
of whom 9938 are Chickasaw and 3562 are
Choctaws. ■-.'-"*.',
SAN FRANCISCO WILL
BE MADE A FREE PORT
Seawall Bond Bill Passed to Third Read
ing in the Senate. '
After an Animated Debate, in Which Members
From the South, Tried to Kill It, the *
Measure Was Sent On. :yy
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 27.— The Senate will un
doubtedly pass the act of Senator Braun
hart providing for the issuance and sale
of State bonds in the sum of $1,000,000 to
create a fund for the extension and im
provement of the seawall and thorough
fare of the harbor of San Francisco and
providing for the submission of the act
to the vote of the people.
The bill came up in the Senate this
morning, and Senator Cutter of. Yuba and
Senator Simpson of . Los Angeles en
deavored by every power and influence
they possessed to defeat it, but they were
almost alone. y'y
The bill was amended by reducing the
amount of interest the bonds shall bear
from Vto 3_ per cent, and the State was
made preferred purchaser or the bonds
at par. The bill was then advanced to
third reading-.
The important provisions of Senator
Braunhart's bill are as follows:
For the purpose of providing a fund for the
payment of the indebtedness to be Incurred
for the construction and extension of the sea
wall and thoroughfare of the harbor of San
Francisco southward from its present southerly
terminus, near the foot of Mission street, on
the water front of San Francisco, the State
Treasurer shall, Immediately after the issuance
of the proclamation of the Governor hereinafter
provided for, prepare suitable bonds of the
State in denominations of from $100 to $1000
each. The whole issue of bonds shall not ex
ceed $1,000,000, which bonds shall bear interest
at the rate of 3_ per centum per annum from
their respective dates, and shall be payable in
twenty years from their said respective dates.
Said bonds shall, respectively, bear date the
first day of January or the first day of July,
of the year in which they shall be sold. The
interest accruing on said bonds shall be pay
able semi-annually.
The sum of $1000 Is hereby appropriated to
pay the expense that may be incurred by the
State Treasurer in having said bonds prepared.
Said amount shall be paid out of the San Fran
cisco harbor improvement fund.
When the bonds authorized to be Issued un
der this act shall have been duly executed,
they shall be dated . and sold by the State
Treasurer in the amounts and in the manner
following, to wit: The State Treasurer shall
proceed forthwith to date and sell, at public
auction, to the highest bidder for cash, and in
such parcels as said State Treasurer shall
deem best, such number and amount of said
bonds as shall equal the sum of $200,000, com
puted according to the face or par value there
of; and he must reject any and all bids for
said bonds, or any of them, which shall be
below the par. value of said bonds; and the
State is made- a preferred purchaser, and he
may, by public announcement at the place of
sale, continue such sale, as to the whole or
any part thereof, to any time and place he
may select. Said Treasurer shall, In the same
manner, when- authorized' so to do, proceed ', to
date and sell such additional number and
amount of said bonds as shall equal. said sum
of $200,000, computed according to the face or
par value. thereof; and said treasurer shall, in
the same manner, when authorized so, to do,
proceed to date and sell the remainder of said
bonds in number and amount as above set
forth until all of said bonds shall have been
so sold; provided, that no more of said oonds
shall be dated or sold at any one time than
shall equal said sum ot $200,000, computed as
aforesaid. .—___.__ „
Whenever the Board of State Harbor Com
missioners shall desire a sale of any of such
bonds for the purposes herein set forth, they
shall call a meeting of the board for the con
sideration thereof, and shall, at least ten days
prior to such meeting, notify the Governor of
the State and the Mayor of the city and county
of San Francisco thereof, and of the time,
place and object of such meeting, which meet
ing must be held at the office of said Board of
State Harbor Commissioners. At said meeting,
or at any adjourned meeting thereof, the Gov
ernor and the Mayor shall be deemed additional
members of said board, with like powers and
rights as the other members thereof. If the
Governor and the Mayor, or either of them,
should fall to be present at such meeting, the
board shall adjourn to a day certain, and
notify . the Governor and Mayor anew, as be
fore, and if either be present at such adjourned
meeting, with all the members of said board,
action may be had as if all were present. Said
board.' as thus constituted, shall proceed to
consider the question of the sale of said bonds
to the amount of $200,000. computed according
to the face or par value thereof, and a vote
shall be taken theron. and a record made of
such vote upon the minutes of said board. An
affirmative vote of four members of said board,
constituted as In this section provided, shall
be sufficient to authorize a sale of said bonds
to the amount of $200,000. computed as afore
said: but any less vote shall be deemed a nega
tive vote. If the vote be in the affirmative,
as herein provided, that fact, together with a
transcript of the minutes of said meeting. In
cluding all adjourned meetings . thereof, shall
be .certified by the president and secretary of
said -board, and under the seal thereof, to the
State Treasurer, who shall file and preserve
the same among the records of his office: and
the said Treasurer shall thereupon proceed to
date and sell In the manner set forth in sec
tion 4 of this act, such number and amount of
said bonds as shall equal the sum of $200,000,
computed according to the face or par value
thereof. •
Section 6 provides for the creation of the
San Francisco seawall' and thoroughfare sink
ing fund, and directs the manner In which the-
State Treasurer shall transfer money from the
harbor improvement fund to the seawall fund.
This act shall be submitted to the people of
the State of California for their ratification at
the next general election to be held In the
month of November. 1900.
Senator Bulla moved to amend the bill
by j fixing the rate of Interest at 3_ per
cent Instead of 4 per cent.
This amendment carried, and then the
same Senator asked that a provision be
added to section 4, which read: "The
FRENCH CASTILE.
Cargo of fine white imported French Castile has arrived. Carloads of ,v '
other goods arriving and being placed among careful spot cash buyers vp I ,''
and down the coast. Everybody busy. Sales improving each week. '. Klon- 1 j
dike goods moving every day, but no boom in these this month. Prospector.^
make a mistake if they go elsewhere to outfit. We are the Alaska people-'-:
and the world is realizing It. . y'.i%-' :: >7o" '""■■•' «' '';'
FRENCH CASTILE
20 Cents.
These are full size 40-cent bars. We give you the best. '. . ' '.-\
THAT BIG STOCK
Of clothing and furnishing, goods which was awarded to us by the B. of
T. will be on sale Monday, possibly Saturday evening, if it can be got
ready. We make no noise about It, simply say it is yours at 40 to 60 cents •:
on the dollar of clothing-house price. Very few houses can handle '.such' -
a stock to profit. We have the outlet and you have a chance to buy. :
Everything In line of men's furnishing goods at a fraction of its real value.
MONDAY PRICES. £|| | H l l g\ 9
Suits: clothing: house price, $20; ours $12 00 I __*__
Suits: clothing house price. $1S; ours $10 00 ~ ■ IWI M -SB
Suits; clothing house price, $15: ours $ 8 00 I I __ _F
Suits'; clothing house price. $12; 0ur5.......t 600 ;^*T™ ™"™ -..P. .■ *m **S T^sW . : .-
Suits; clothing house price, $9; ours.... — $5 00 M** __ 4S_ f* J __* MB 4_ r_ __*-
Suits: clothing house price, $^; ours $3 50 ffiO IB yj J \9 fT _r
Overcoats: clothing house price, $16; ours. .s 800 • ',';;.*»■ ' > m
Boys' suits. 2 pieces: not $4, but ......'..s 125 _)«_<£) rT-A/l €» wlr *» * Cf "" Cl 3
.Boys' 3-Diece suits; marked $8; n0w...... $3 25 ■**** ■** * IT-ClI K.lOli) 0»_»
State of California shall be preferred pur
chaser at par of the whole or any portion
of any issue of said bonds."
Senator Braunhart said the amendment
was not unsatisfactory to him unless it
would have the effect of making the bill
special legislation and therefore uncon
stitutional. He wanted to know ,if the
State could purchase its own bonds. He
thought that the regents of the State
University or the State Board of Exam
iners might be authorized to make, pur-,
chases, but the word "State" he deemed a
little too large. ...::•;
Senator Rowell offered an amendment
making the regents of the State Univer
sity equally preferred purchasrs with the
State of these bonds. ■■;■'■'.-■"■ " "■"■
Dr. Rowell in support of his amendment,
stated that no better investment of uni
versity funds could be made than in these
bonds. '--'• '-■_/" _.
Senator Bulla, in opposing Dr. Rowell s
amendment, stated that he had at all
times worked and voted for the good of
the State University. But ordinary- pub
lic schools, he said, were maintained ■ by
direct taxation. High schools were not,,
for the reason that It was agreed that
the people at large should not be. taxed
for higher education. Yet the State had:
jumped all over the High School propo
sition and had taxed the people directly
for the maintenance of the State Lniver
sltv, which was even higher than, the
High Schools. 'i''J-\ , -.,+
Senator Simpson wanted to know If it
was the proper thing to bring a. State
in direct competition with its people as
a purchaser.
Senator Bulla held that there was no
competition, and Rowell's proposed
amendment was lost. - . ._'_'-
Senator Smith was of the opinion that
the university regents should be allowed
to purchase some of the bonds.
Senator Bulla said that as the univer
sity regents never accounted to the State
for any of their expenditures it was not.
really a department of the State govern
ment. r ' y \-\
Senator Simpson opposed the proposi
tion of making any preferred purchasers,
as it brought the State into competition
with Its people. To sell interest. bearing
bonds to the State at par when the same
bonds would in the open market hring a
premium was an Injustice to people pur--,
chasing bonds above par, which the State
could purchase at par. Senator Simpson,
opposed the amendment and said he was ,
also opposed to the whole bill. ' s -
Senator Bulla's amendment making the
rate of Interest on the bonds 3 _ per cent
and making the State a preferred creditor;
at par was adopted. '.-'-.?■■' '*. ii
An amendment by Senator Smith,, pro
viding that voting by the people on this.
bond issue be under the Australian ballot
system, was adopted. . ' . ' '
Senator Smith moved to entirely strike
out section 12 of the act providing .for the
publication of the act in two^San-Fran^.
cteco. newspapers, two Los Angeles pa- :
pers, one In San Jose, Stockton and Sac
ramento. The amendment was adopted. .;-„
Senator Cutter endeavored, to have the,.
rate of interest to be paid on the bonds
reduced from 3 _ to 3 per cent. .. ; : ,- :
Senator Braunhart thought • that diffi- .
culty would be experienced in- selling the,
bonds at par when they bore Interest at.
only 3 per cent.
Senator Simpson, anxious .to defeat the
bill and its purpose, favored' the proposi
tion to reduce the rate of interest,- s* > t■■
Senator Cutter claimed that Massachu- 5
setts, which State had a heavy debt','sold
its bonds at a premium. He thought Call*
fornia was a wealthy State, had no debt,
and the impression should not go out that
in order to dispose of its bonds they must.,
necessarily bear a high rate of interest.
Senator Morehouse called attention to
the fact that an amendment i had been •
j adopted making the bonds a popular loan,
! but if the rate of Interest was further re-'
I duced. that purpose would be defeated. -
Senator Burnett and Senator . Dwyer
j both held that Senator Cutter's amend-*
--j ment was calculated to defeat the pur-:
pose of the bill.
Senator Cutter opposed the proposition'
i of fixing the State rate of interest at 3*4
I per cent. He demanded a rollcall and,,
j thereupon found that his amendment was
j defeated by a vote of 9 to 17.
Senator Smith then moved that the. bill
i be refused engrossment. He said he made
! the motion, not to kill the act, but . to
; give the Senate time to think about, it.
|He said that not a newspaper •' in the'
: State that he had ever seen had expressed -
I itself as favoring the issuance of State .,
| bonds for improvement purposes. If he
j was not given time to study the bill and
' if time was not given to hear from the
j public press, he proposed to vote, on for- '
; mal passage, against the bill. - . ■ . -.- -
Senator Boyce concurred In what Sena
i tor Smith had said. '
j Senator Braunhart in response to Smith
said that every merchants' association in.
I Sari Francisco had declared :in favor of •
I his bill. Public opinion In the rr- State's
j metropolis was an absolute unit ip favor
ofo the bill. ...
Senator Smith endeavored to withdraw
I his motion that the bill be denied engross
ment, but Senator Cutter objected. -
Senator Simpson and Senator Braun- ..
] hart had a personal tilt as to who was en-
I titled to the floor. Senator Simpson in- ,
I slsted on speaking, but he. was speaking ,
] against time. He moved that the further *
i consideration of the bill go over until
j some future time. . -.. .. -.»'.-
This motion was lost, and by a vote of
j 3 to 29 the bill was advanced to third read
i ing by the defeat of Senator Smith's mo-
tion.FULL STENOGRAPHIC REPORT OF THE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE
LOOKING INTO THE
COSPER TRANSACTION
Testimony of Green and Lamberson
Regarding the Affair.
One Viewed It as a Joke and the Other as a Very
Serious Matter, and There Is Quite a Story
Between the Lines.
.. SACRAMENTO, Jan. Late this j
:.;.. afternoon the special committee ap
v • "pointed to look into Legislature scan- j
■ • dais growing out of the Senatorial fight j
.'"0 .filed its report. Before it did so, how- i
:^ver, it held several open and executive ;
:■; '.feesslons.
Immediately after the vote for United j
.; States Senator was taken the commit- j
r tee met to hear evidence. A certificate j
' . from the attending physician was filed i
V Setting forth that Assemblyman Dale ;
'..was too ill to appear before the com- |
;- rnlttee. The circumstances will be re- j
:.. ported to the Assembly to-morrow
■ : morning. v
'.. Thomas Nosier was given an oppor- ■
. tunity to testify. He stated that he J
had never told any story connecting j
: Assemblyman Cosper with a bribe of
"'. 16000, said to have been offered by Dan
M. Burns, nor had he been with Lam- |
: i . berson of Visalla to Milton J. Green j
to solicit $6000 in Assemblyman Cos- j
\ per's behalf. Last summer witness had j
borrowed $200 from Milton J. Green,
: but had not worked for Grant during
the campaign on account of the loan; j
in fact he was not aware that it was I
■ Grant's money.
The committee, after Nosier had tes
f, tided, took a recess until 1:30 o'clock
: to give a sub-committee consisting of
Burnett. Mellck and La Baree an op
/ portunity to take further testimony of
■ Milton J. Green, he being too ill to leave
' : his room.
.'.'••'• On reconvening the sub-committee
.: presented the following report:
Report of Suh-Commitee.
We your committee, composed of J.
' K. Burnett, W. S. Meliok, Dr. La Baree,
appointed to take the deposition of Mil
"■' ton J. Green, beg leave to make the
- following report:
• We went to the Golden Eagle Hotel
-.. and found Mr. Green in bed, and were
permitted to enter the room after some
little delay by Dr. A. T. Hatch. We
found Mr. Green in bed, sick. Then
we took the following deposition, with
•. : . Dr. Hatch and Attorneys Messrs. Bacon
/and Metson in the room:
By Mr. Burnett— We were sent down
here to take your deposition in regard i
'' : \ '■ to how this statement of Mr. L___be_
'-. son's came to you. Then Mr. Cosper
•*.." came to you with the proposition that
.'". Mr. Burns had offered him $6000 for his
'■ "vote, and that while he preferred to vote
'■• for Grant that he thought he ought to
-.'. have as much as that from the Grant
' people? We want your statement in re
■":'. gard to the facts in connection there
with: •
-•-.':. The witness (Mr. Green) I
: ' can say, gentlemen, is this: I have j
known Mr. Lamberson for several j
':.' -years and knew he was chairman of |
the County Central Committee down j
there, and he was in Sacramento, and
. : I asked him to see Mr. Cosper and !
..' urge him to vote for Mr. Grant; that j
Mr. Grant was the only candidate for
•.■■• Senator from the Seventh Congres
sional District, and that Mr. Cosper
•was the only Assemblyman that was
; not favorable to Mr. Grant from that
•district, the Seventh Congressional
District, and he saw Mr. Cosper, so
he said, and I afterward saw him, I
;• , think, in this room (where witness^
was lying in bed). He told me that
' he had used every argument that he
:*■..!. could with Mr. Cosper to vote for Mr.
' Grant, and Mr. Cosper said that he
.■could not, and he would not vote for
.'.'. Colonel Burns, but that he would hot
:. promise to vote for Mr. Grant. Then
;/ Mr. Lamberson went on to say that i
. he had heard it reported that Mr.
: ..Cosper had been offered $6000 to vote
for Burns, and that perhaps he was
waiting for a similar offer from us.
«,;• ■' Q. Were those his exact words as you
.;' remember?
:;. A. I can't give the exact words, and
wouldn't pretend to. I told him, of
- .course. I did not believe anything of the i
'.'•'.'■ sort; I didn't believe Colonel Burns had I
• offered him $6000; that it was ridiculous,
•'■• and that It must be a joke, and so far
■as we were concerned we were not buy
..' ing any votes for Senator. '
By Dr. La Baree— Did Mr. Lamberson i
'". Bay Cosper had said that Burns had of
.-. fered him $6000?
-.'•A. .No; I don't remember. He didn't
...tell me who told him this story that an
'.'■■■'. offer had been made.
'• ■ Q. You Inferred from what ho said that •
.' ..Gosper had told him so?
. A. Well. I did not Infer much.about It, |
..because the thing appeared so ridiculous
..- to me. and I did not believe it. and I so
..told him; told him I did not believe the |
-...story. It was absurd on the face of It
-.to think that any one should be offered
; -r:M000 for his vote. He did not say Mr
•Cosper authorized him to crime and tell
'.. mc that, or that he was authorized to
• .pp.eak for Mr. Cosper.
.- Q. Was It your inference that he had
■'.-authorized him to speak to you?
'.••'•••A. Well, from other circumstances that i
• ..had been brought to my attention, I didn't I
..-.believe that he had. I told him to pre
: .- sent my compliments to Mr. Cosper and
• feay that we were not buying any votes '
■•..and I did not believe the story
..".By Mr. Burnett— Well, then, the state
. ment that Mr. Lamberson made to you
-«eemed to come from Mr. Cosper- at
-..-least you understood It come from Cos.
. . ■per?
"i* -A. He did not say so.
.'.-, Q. You answered that you told him to
. -.present your compliments to Mr. Cosper'
.•A. I said, if you want to you can pre
sent mv compliments to Mr. Cosper and i
. say I don't believe it. I saw Mr. Cosper
'• .'afterward. I never mentioned this story :
'.to him; that is. until after this In vest!
cgatton commenced, and then he told me
• at the State Capitol that he beard the
story from some other source, and that
-' Mr. Lamberson was In no wav author
ized to represent him. the story was un
'-. true, and that Mr. Lamberson was never
• .'authorized to represent him in any way I
' Q. Did Mr. Cosper prior to that at any
-. time say anything to you that would lead !
■; you to believe that he was making a bid?
• A. No. sir. All the argument I used
.;• with Mr. Cosper was that Mr. ("rant was
• ' the only Senatorial candidate from -the
" Seventh Congressional District, and that
■ all the other Assemblymen in that dis- |
trict; were favorable to Mr. Grant, and
: ihat'l had reason to believe that every i
• vote in the Seventh Congressional Dls- I
'rlet would be for Mr. Grant. Of course. >
• -there were two Senators that had not'
, foted for him, Mr. Flint and Mr. Rowell. I.1 '.
By Mr. La Baree— would suggest that
you ask as few questions as possible.
By Mr. Mellck— Was Thomas Nosier
present when Lamberson was talking to
you?
A. Nobody was present at all.
Q. Was anybody else present?
A. I said nobody was present except Mr.
Lamberson and myself.
Q. Did you see Mr. Lamberson to-day?
A. No, sir. I have not seen him since
he was in Sacramento two or three weeks
ago.
Q. Did Lamberson tell you from what
source he had hoard that Cosper had
been offered money?
A. No, sir. He did not say.
Q. Did you send Damberson Grant's
money before this during the progress of
Grant's campaign?
A. Well, gentlemen, I am going to stand
on that as I am on similar questions.
Q. That is, you refuse to answer?
A. I decline to answer, us It has nothing
whatever to do with Mr. Cosper at all or
Mr. Grant. I don't do it out of disrespect
to the committee. It has no bearing on
the question.
The committee reconvened at 1:30 p.
m., every member being present except
Mr. Wade, to hear the report of the
sub-committee of three appointed to re
ceive the deposition of Milton J. Green.
(The reporter read from his notes the
statement of Milton J. Green.)
At the conclusion of the reading of
the report the following resolution was
offered by Mr. Lardner:
"I move that the report of the sub
committee be accepted and adopted,
and that the sub-committee be dis
charged."
This motion was adopted, Chairman
Cosper not voting.
When the committee reassembled
after recess it went into executive ses
sion for an hour. An open session was
then held and C. G. Lamberson given
an opportunity to testify.
Following is a verbatim report of the
testimony of Lamberson:
Lamberson 's Testimony.
C. G. Lamberson being sworn, testified
as follows:
The chairman— l hereby nominate Dr.
La Baree chairman of this committee
during the examination of Mr. Lamber
son. 1 will not take part— for the present
at least.
Mr. La Baree— Mr. Lamberson, you are
acquainted with Mr. Cosper. the chairman
of this committee, I suppose?
A. I am.
Q. You are acquainted with Milton
Green? ,
A. I am. J • ...
Q. How long have you been acquainted
with Mr. Green?
A. Two or three years.
Q. Did yon go to Mr. Green with a prop
osition In regard to Mr. Lamberson selling
his vote? *
A. Mr. Cosper you mean.
Q. Or Mr. Cosper selling his vote to Mr.
Grant?
A. I did not. .
Q. You never had any conversation with
him at all on the matter?
A. Yes. sir.
Q. Will you state that to the committee,
please?
A. Yes, if I can.
Q. State It, please.
A. I think perhaps I would have to
preface that a little with my relations
with Mr. Cosper before I could state it
so that you could have It in an Intelligent
manner.
Q. Well, just state the whole thing.
A. About what T said to Mr.
Green I was in Sacramento shortly
after the Legislature convened and in
conversation with Mr. Cosper, whom
I had known for a long time, of
course had been practitioner at the
bar of Tulare County with him for
many years, — I told him that I
thought it would be only proper. for
him to vote for Mr. Grant for Sena
tor. Mr. Cosper said he thought very
favorably of Mr. Grant and of his
chances, but there had been some talk
at that time about the Governor
throwing the patronage away from
any member who might vote for Mr.
Grant; that he would consider it a
personal affront. And at that time
when I was in Sacramento there was
a report to the effect that the Govern
or said that any one who voted for
Grant' would get no favors from the
Governor. Mr. Cosper would not per
mit himself to vote for Mr. Grant,
and among others he spoke to me
about Mr. Bulla. I told him that I
had met Mr. Bulla when he was in
the Assembly. I thought he was a
very nice man and would make a
good Senator, all right; still, my
preferences were for Grant. In a
conversation which I had with Mr.
Green some time after that I detailed
to Mr. Green substantially the state
ments that Mr. Cosper had made to
me, and then, in a joking way, I said
to him, "Well, Milt, ain't you mak
ing a money fight on this proposi
tion?", and he said, "No." Well, I
said, "I dian't know, but if you were,
perhaps you might offer Cosper five
or six thousand dollars and he would
see it your way." And he said, "Well,
we are not making any money fight.
I wouldn't give him six cents, nor
any other man." And so the incident
closed. I had no serious thought in
the matter at all, and I am satisfied
that Mr. Green did not, because
everything that was said in connec
tion with the matter was - said in a
joking way, and I never thought
anything more of it. I went home a
few days after that. That was ail of
that incident.
Q. When did this conversation with Mr.
Cosper take place in regard to that mat
ter?
A. Well, I had several conversations
with Mr. Cosper. I had a conversation
with him one evening In the billiard room
of the Golden Eagle. I had conversations
with him on the street and several times
wherever I met him. I cannot remember
all that was said at any one conversation
but what I have told you Is the general
purport and meaning of the whole. I want
to say that Mr. Cosper never, byword
or deed, or in any manner, Intimated to
me, in any way, shape or manner,- that
he was desirous of or expected any pe
THE SAITT FRAJSTCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 28, 1899.
cuniary consideration for his vote in any I
manner whatever. And, in fact, such a j
thing never was spoken of or hinted at j
between us.
Mr. Burnett— Why did you suggest, ,
then, that perhaps if he would put up j
five or six thousand dollars he might be i
able to see it Green's way?
A. Well. I had heard a good many ru
mors, as you always will about- a Legis
lature. The general opinion of the peo
ple seems to bo that when the Legislature
meets Colonel Mazuma also appears, and
that Is a standing joke.
Q. And the hunters for Colonel Mazu
i ma?
i A. Yes. And that is a standing joke
! among the people to talk that way—
I slightingly about the members of. the
j Legislature and about their being for
[ sale, just as i^is almost invariably with
all people occupying public positions. ; v -
Mr. Melick Did you not * say to
Mr. Green in that conversation that
Colonel Burns had offered some
moneyP
A. Yes, I told him that — that I
thought that offers were being made.
Q. To Mr. Cosper?
A. No, not to Mr. Cosper.
• Q. But that Colonel Burns was
making offers?
A. Yes; I heard so.
Q. And you told Green that Colonel
Burns wks making offers, and per
haps he had better make an offer?
A. Well, yes, I told him I thought
if he wanted to win, that if the. other
side was going to make money offers,
he had better get in and conduct it
on a money basis also.
Q. And then what did Green say?
A. Oh, he said "I don't believe
that there are any offers being
made." He said, "I don't believe it.
I don't believe there is a cent offered
by anybody. So far as I am con
cerned, I won't give a cent to any
body for their vote."
Q. Did Colonel Burns or any of his
agents or friends make any proposition
to you In regard to Mr. Cosper's vote?
A. Never spoke to me about it at ail
any of them.
Q. Then from whom did you hear that he
was offering money? -
A. Oh, I just heard that in a joshing
way in barrooms and saloons.
Q. Do you remember anybody who said
it?
A. No.no. -■■■■"•.':'.•„': ■■■■■'_ rs.-
Q. Did you have a conversation, with
Mr. Cosper in regard to what Green had
said, later?
A. No; 1 did not see Mr. Cosper after
that. I went home. Well. I think I had
seen Mr. Cosper the evening before that
and I went home, I think, the evening
after that, and I did not see Mr. Cosper
again.
Q. Now you had been sent money during
the campaign by Mr. Green, had you not?
A. No, sir.
Q. Or by somebody in San Francisco?
A. No, sir.
Q. Somebody in the State?
A. No, sir; not by anybody.
Q. For distributing, for campaign pur
poses? -;»■
A. No, sir.
,Q. Did not you give an ex-Senator down
there in your county $400 to distribute?
A. No, sir.
O. For the legislative ticket?
A. No, sir.
Q. Any other amount?
A. No. sir; not a cent.
Q. Now, Mr. Green in his deposition this
afternoon declined to answer how much
money or what amount of money he had
sent you. Is he mistaken in that he sent
you any at all?
A. Well, sir, I will tell you how much
money 1 got from Mr. Green and when I
got it. I did not get any money from Mr.
Green during the campaign.
Q. When was it? - * ■*
A. After the campaign was over. I told
Mr. Green that, in advancing the Interests
of th*» three legislative candidates— one in
the Sixty-fourth, one in the Sixty-fifth
District and one in the Thirty-second
Senatorial District— l had expended out of
my own money $134. and I asked him if
he wanted to reimburse It to me. and he
said, 'Yes, I do." And he gave me $135
and I did not have any dollar in my
pocket to give him back any, and he said,
"Well, we will take a drink on that, sub
sequently." That is all of my financial
transactions. That is all the money
Q. 1 suppose, in reference to yourself,
you will state what position you occupied
at that time? _.
A. I was chairman of the Republican
County Central Committee in Tulare
County, which position I still occupy. -
Q. Had that money been accounted for
in your campaign fund by your auditing
committee?
A. Well, I do not know as— no; it had
not. The auditing committee did not
know anything about that money. The
auditing committee did not have anything
to do with the legislative ticket, because,
our auditing committee was an auditing
committee for the county and took charge
of the State ticket and of the county of
fices. The county was divided into legis
lative districts, Mr. Cosper' s*» district only
taking off a small portion of our county—
Tulare County— that is, the Sixty-fourth
District, comprising a small portion of
Tulare County and all of Kings County.
Consequently our disbursing committee,
or auditing and disbursing committee,
could not have charge of those offices or
of those candidates, and did not attempt
to. y-y
Q. Those Assembly districts' had their
own auditing committees, had they not?
A. No, sir; had no auditing committees
that I know of. The fact of the matter
is, this money that I spent was my own
individual money, spent by my own indi
vidual self, without consulting anybody
about it. And if any trouble ensues about
that, why, they can come on me for it.
Q. How much of this money did you
expend in Mr. Cosper's district?
A. Oh, 1 don't know. 1 could not tell
you that. The county was divided by the
Assembly districts, and the Senatorial
'District Included both counties and Inyo
County, and that money was spent indis
criminately in the three districts.
Q. When you got this money from Grant
or from Green did you say anything to
him about these legislators being friendly
to Grant?
A. No; I don't know whether I did or
not. I can't recall. I probably told him
that I thought Mr. Cosper was friendly or
disposed to be friendly with Grant; prob
ably did. I don't recollect that I did.
Q. Well, was that part of the condition
on which you got the money?
A. Oh, no; not at all. Not at all.
Mr. Burnett— How did you come to ap
ply to Mr. Green for the money, more
than any- other man?
A. Well, I knew that he was spending
money for Mr. Grant, or thought he was,
and I just asked him if. he wanted to re
imburse me. I did not ask him to do it.
I just asked him If he wanted to do It.
Mr. Melick— Who else was dispensing
money down there, or disbursing that
money down there In your district tor
Grant? .
A. No one that I know of.
Mr. Burnett— How did you, know t.._t
Mr. Green was spending money for Mr.
Grant?  _■; "-;.■■■:■ .
A. Oh. well, I don't remember. I do not
know how I knew that. I knew' It. I
knew it just the same as I know lots of
other things. . • .
Mr. La Baree— Have you- been at Mr.
Grant's headquarters to-day? • ••- - •
A. Yes. I went there as soon as I came
in and got something to eat.
Q. Did you have a talk with Mr/Bacon?
A. No. I do not know him. I never met
the gentleman in my life that I know of.
Mr. Mellck— You were subpenaed sev
eral days ago, were you not, Mr. Lam
berson? :'•'' ;"";'-:
A. Yes, sir. r : 2r 'rry
Q. Why didn't you come?
A. Because at the time I was subpenaed
I was engaged in the trial of an action
In court before a jury nnd the case had
at that time continued for six days, and
It lasted in all ten days. I finished mv
argument to the jury last- night at a quar
ter past 5 o'clock and at 5:. I took the
train for Sacramento. I was an officer
of the court and could not" leave the
court. It was impossible for me to get
away. . * . . " .
Mr. La Baree— What time did you arrive
here to-day, Mr. Lamberson?
A. 11:25. . f
Q. Did It take you all that time to get
your lunch?
A. Why. no. I was subpenaed to be
here, I understood, at 2:30, or I supposed
the committee would meet at 2:30. If I
had thought that you gentlemen wanted
me I would have come. directly, here, but
I went to the /hotel and put on a clean
collar and went to - the barber-shop and
got shaved and my boots shined. • went'
and got my lunch and went up to the
Golden Eagle Hotel and went into Mr.
Grant's headquarters; wanted to see Mr.
Green, and could not see him; had a
talk with Mr. Brown there in the head
quarters, and then I came up here to the
Surveyor General's office and then -/ent
back downtown again. ;•; V
Mr. Burnett— anybody meet you at
the train? rry-j- . > . .
A. My brother was there to meet me at
the train.
Q. Did anybody else meet you?
A. The first man that met me that I
knew when I got off the train was Mr.
Brommel— L. L. Brommel— and the next
man that I met was my brother.
Q. Did you meet any one on the street
car?
A. Then when I got on the streetcar I
met Mr. Brown.
Q. Mr. Grant's manager?
A. The gentleman that stays there at
the headquarters. ,
Q. What conversation did you and Mr.
Brown have on the streetcar?
A. Why, he told me to come up, that
he wanted to see me as soon as I got
around to it, asked me If I 'was going ut
to that hotel and I told. him "No," that
I was going to the Western, and I told
him that I would be up there after I got
cleaned tip a little.
Q. Did Mr. Brown come to your room
at the Western then? . ;-. .
A. No, sir.
Q. You went to Grant's headquarters
after that, then?
A. Yes; after I got my lunch.
Q. You saw Mr. Brown at Grant's
headquarters? ;. V
A. Yes. sir. , , j/--'
Q. What conversation took place be
tween you and Mr. Brown there?
A Why. I asked him about Milt, about
how he was. He said he was a sick man,
and I asked him If I could not see him.
He said "No." And that is about all the
conversation. I sat around there and
gassed a little while in general conversa
tion. . ■_
Q. Did he tell you what he wanted you
to come up there for?
A. No. sir.
Q. What did he, say?
A Well he wanted to talk to me; he
wanted to know, I suppose, something
about what I would testify to.
Q. What you were going to testify to?
A. I suppose so. I supposed he wanted
to know that. , : .
Q. Did he give you any pointers as to
what had been testified to? ;
A. No. Only I had seen the papers—
had read all the papers myself, v.-' ;
O. Well, did he tell you?
A. No. He dkl not tell me anything.
Q. Did he tell you anything about what
Mr. Green's testimony would be?
A. No, he did not tell me that.
Q. Did you meet any one else down
there on the streetcar?
A. No; no one that I knew. Oh. yes. I
did. On the streetcar I met an agent for
a typewriting machine that I knew, and
shook hands with him.
Q. Who was that? _ ,
A. Ido not know his name. He Is an
agent for the Remington typewriting ma
chine. ' .
Mr. La Baree— Was anybody present
during your conversation with Mr.
Brown? " A .. _
A. Well, yes; there were two or three
or four men there, but I did not know
them. I do not know who they are.
Mr. Burnett— Did you meet Captain
Barbour? :y y . .
A. Not that I know of. I was not in
troduced to any of them. Brown was
the only man that I knew and went In
there and talked with him. He seemed
to take' it for granted that I knew the
others, or else he did not care to Intro
duce me. _
Mr. Melick— You say that James Brown
was not with you in the Western Hotel?
A. Yes, I do. '
Q. He was not with you in the hotel?
A. He staved on the street car when I
got off at "the Western.
Q. And you went up to room 243, did
you not? ''■'■". 2'.
A. Ido not know. I did not know the
number of the room and do not know it
now. They assigned me a room and I
went there and never noticed the num
ber.
Q. Who came to your room?
A. My brother went with me to the
room. No one came there after we went
there. . - . *■*,"'■
Mr. Burnett— Mr. Brown told you to
come "to their headquarters there before
you came up her*. '
A. No. lie said: "Come as soon as you\
can; I want to talk -with you.". Of course,
I had met Mr. Brown before and was ac
quainted with him.
Mr. Melick— Who told you that we met
at 2 o'clock?
A. Well, I saw in the papers that you
met at 2:30, so I supposed, of course, you
met at 2:30. I was here about 2 o'clock
and the door— or I went downstairs first
to the sergeant at arm's room about 2
o'clock and asked him where you were
holding your meetings, and he said that
you were in executive session. I came
iip here to the Capitol just about 1 o'clock
and went to the sergeant at arm's room.
I was acquainted with those people in
there, and went in there and stayed for
half an hour.
Mr. Mellck— From the time that you
were subpenaed, or within the last two
•weeks since you went home, you had
some communications from Mr. Cosper,
had you not?
A. By telegraph and telephone. None
by letter. yy, '■■":•-.
Q. And what was the nature of those?
A. Well, I got the telegrams, I think— l
guess J only got two. I think that was
the first one 1 received (producing it).
Q. Read it.
A. "Sacramento, Cal.. Jan. 21.— G.
Lamberson, Visalla: Will you come here
at once without subpena? Mileage pro
vided. Answer immediately. COSPER."
I think I answered that something to
the effect that I was engaged in the trial
of a case and I could not come; and the
next one was yesterday: "Sacramento,
Cal., Jan. 26— G. Lamberson, Visalla,
Cal.: Come at once. Let nothing delay.
Contempt threatened. Investigating Com
mittee, per Cosper. chairman."
Q. Did you receive any communication
from him that would give you any rea
son to delay your coming? . .''.
A. No, sir. I- tell you, I was engaged
In the trial of a damage case. A woman
was suing— l was attorney for plaintiff
in a case where a woman was suing for
damages for the death of her husband,
caused .by the explosion, of a gasoline
tank. We had a jury Impaneled a week
ago Monday; on the 16th I was conduct
ing the case on -the part of the plaintiff:
and we 'conducted that case right along
until - Inst night without intermission
every day, and, I concluded, as I told
you, my address to the jury at a quarter
past 5 and left there at 5:50 last night.
And after I got here to Sacramento 1 re
ceived a telegram that the jury had
brought in a verdict.
Q. What Is your brother doing here?
A. I do not know; he is not engaged in
any occupation at present.
Q. Is he working in the interest of
Grant's canvass?
A. No, sir; he Is not a politician.
Q. What did he tell you about this in
vestigation to-day?
A. He did not tell me anything about
it. He wanted to know if I had read the
papers. I told 'him I had. I asked him
if he knew anything except what was In
the papers. He said, "No, that Is all the
Information I have— from reading the
papers."
Mr. Burnett— What about that telephone
dispatch that you received from Cosper?
What was the nature of that?
A. Oh, he seemed to be very much ex
ercised because I could not drop my
business there and come down here. And
I. told him that it was utterly Impossible;
that I could not do it, and I was not go
ing to get up and leave that case rigHt
in the middle of it; I could not do It. The
court would not let me, in the first place.
I was between two fires. If I left there
I -would be fined for comtempt, and I
thought this investigation could wait until
I got through. In fact, I knew It would
wait for me.
' Q. Did you receive any other telephonic
dispatches from any one in connection
with this case?
. A. -Yes,- sir. "yyy
Q. What were they and who from?
. A. Milt Green. One day he called me up
and he— well. J could not understand ex
actly. Milt Green has got a very bad
voice for telephonic communication, but
I understood enough to understand that
he was swearing mad about the story that
had got out— report that bad got out
—about Cosper and bis conversation with
me. And then there were some other
he said something else about Cosper— that
he believed that Cosper was going into
the Burns camp, or something of that
kind, and I told him I didn't believe a
word of It; and that was about the ex
tent of that. And he wanted to know If
couldn't come down.
Q. What did he want you to come down
here for? . '
A. Well, he said to straighten that
thing out.
Q. To keep Cosper In line for Grant? •
A. No, no; to testify before this com
mittee. He wanted me to—
Q. What did he want you to straighten
out? /•■
A: This story that had got about that
six thousand dollars, • ....,.-.
Q. Well, according to Mr. Green's tes
timony and according to . your own the
story was true?
A. Well, it was not true as published in
the papers. That was what he had ref
erence to.
Q. Did any one telephone or any one
else telephone to you and ask you If this
was true as reported? -
A. No; hold on. Yes; Mr.*Mellck did. Is
that your name?
Q. This is Mr. Mellck (indicating.)
A. Well, Mr. ( Mellck called me up on the
telephone and asked me if there was any
trutn in it and 1 told him "No." 1 expect
I put it in very emphatic language; toid
him there wasn't a word of truth
in it; something of that kind.
Q. What about your testimony here
now? You testify there is truth In it?
A. I do not think so, I do not think so.
I do not think I have testified that way. „
Q. Did you not say that you told Milt
Green that you thought he had better go
In and make a money fight If he was go
ing to win? . , , ,'f_
A.. Well, that hadn't anything to do with
Cosper. I did not say anything of that
kind about Cosper. :_ ■
Q. Did not you in your testimony
here say that you told him that per
haps Cosper is waiting for a five or
six thousand aollar bid?
_* •
A. Yes, sir.
Q. You did?
A. Yes, I told that to Green.
Q. What did you tell him that
for?
A. Well, I don't know why I told
him that, only this— that I thought
that if that was the kind of light that
was going to be made, Grant better
make ,it.
Q. He had better make an offer to
CosperP
A. No, not to him particularly,
but to anybody.
Q. Well, you were talking about
Cosper at the time?
A. Well, no; at that time I was not
talking particularly about Cosper.
Q. As I understood your testi
mony, now, you said that you told
him "perhaps he is waiting for a five
or six thousand dollar offer"
A. Yes.
*" Q. Then you were talking about
CosperP
A. Well, yes; that might have
reference to him in that way.
Q. Mr. Cosper was your friend, as I un
derstood it?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. Of course you understand that con
necting a man's name with a five or six
thousand dollar offer would not place your
friend in a very good' light, do you not?
A. Well, there is no intimation at all
on my part and I had no right to inti
mate anything of the kind, that Mr. Cos
per would accept any sum of money what
ever for bis vote, or that he could be in
fluenced by any financial consideration
whatever.
Q. But you suggested that perhaps he
had better do it?
A. Well, I suggested it. I suppose it
was more in a joking way than anything
else. I suggested it upon the same plan
that we talk about those things— the same
lines as the newspapers will talk about
there being money In the fight, and all
that sort of thing. For myself— l wanted
to find out for myself, too, as a matter of
curiosity, whether there actually was go
ing to be— if it was going to be fought out
on that line.
Q. You found it was not going to be
fought out on that line?
A. Well, I do not know whether I did' or
not.
Q. You left the next morning?
A. I left that evening.
Q. Mr. Green told you that he was not
buying votes?
A. Yes. sir.
Q. And the next morning you left?
A. Yes left that evening. I would
have left anyway, jas my time was up.
I bad to go home.
Q. What -was your object in finding out
whether they were making a money fight
or not, or making an offer for votes?
A. As a matter of curiosity to know. I
always try to keep up with political af
fairs, and it does a man good sometimes
to know things.
Q. Now, you are a man of enough brains
to know that connecting a man's name, as
you did Mr. Cosper there, with a propo
sition of offering or giving him five or
six thousand dollars for his vote might
bring him into disrepute; you realized
that at that time, did you not?
A. No, sir; I did not.
Q. You realize now?
A. I do not realize It. I did not realize
it then and I do not realize" now that any
legitimate inference of that kind could be
drawn from it and I not believe that
it would have any place whatever in any
body mind if it was not tor a suspicious
legislative investigation going on, where
they are following up all sorts of idle ru
mors that there is absolutely nothing in
and which they know there is nothing in.
when they start in to follow them up.
Q. You realize that it has caused Mr.
Cosper's name to be connected with ugly
rumors throughout the State?
A. Yes, sir, for all of which I am very
sorry. - -v- .: ,
Q. Now, tell us why you made that
proposition to Mr. Green.
A. I did not make any proposition to
Mr. Green, sir. t\
Q. Well, as you testified here in your
testimony, why did you make that propo
sition? . ■■ . 
A. I have explained why I made it.
Q. You have not explained.
A. I have explained.
Q. Well, what was it?
A. The reporter's notes will snow what
that explanation Is.
Q. You have not told us why you asked
that n question.
A. 1 have told you.
Q. Well, tell us again.
A. I don't choose to.
Q.Weil, were you fishing? Were. you
attempting to pull Mr. Green's leg in your
own interest, if not Mr. Cosper s? -2:
A. Not at all. sir. Not at all. '
Q. You were very much Interested to
find out whether a money fight was going
on?
V A. lam one of the fellows that gets his
leg pulled. I do not make anything out
of politics. I spend money. <•:-••<■; \y. yr.
Q. How do you get your leg pulled?
A. By spending money in political cam
paigns, s - .. , . _
Q. Were you playing for even on Green?
A. No, sir. I did not think Green
thought so or thinks so now.
Q. What did Mr. Green tell you when
you told him that perhaps Mr. Cosper
was waiting for an offer of six thousand
dollars— five or. six thousand dollars?
A. Well, he said, "I will tell you, so far
as I am concerned, I would pot give him
nor any other man a- — cent."
Q. Did ho tell you to tender his compli
ments to Mr. Cosper and tell him he was
not buying votes? • 2 :y. y
A. No, sir; he did not.
Q. He did not tell you that?
A. No. sir. . - *
Q. If he testified to that fact, then It Is
Incorrect, Is it? . .
A. Yes, sir, it is. It Is not according.to
my recollection of the facts. ,-
Q. Has any messenger gone down from
Sacramento "here to see you at your home
since this matter came up? Has any one
Come down from Sacramento to see you?
A.'Yes. sir. - y-'y -.'-i .-': :y ■-_■-■•- -
Q. Who was it? &y2y
A. This red-headed sergeant-at-arms
here.
Q. Anybody else?
A. No, sir. '
Mr. Sanford— say you spent a great
deal of money In the campaign?
A. I always do. ' • . .
Q. Is it a fact that you spent a consid
erable amount of money in this cam
paign? /
A.Weil, you would not. call it consider
able among millionaires, but then among
poor fellows that have to work for what
they make one hundred ' dollars or such
a matter is considerable.
Q. How much did you spend in the cam
paign? ...-..-.
A. Well, I could not exactly tell: but It
does not concern this committee, anyhow,
because what I spent that. I was not re
imbursed for was spent in aid of the State
and county ticket and not in aid of the
legislative ticket. Every cent that I spent
in aid of the legislative ticket was: reim
bursed to me by Mr. Green— a dollar ex
tra. Don't forget that Trbllar.
Q. $134?
A. $134. -;-..
Q. You were chairman of the ' Republ
ican County Central Committee?
A. Yes. -,
Q. Did you receive donations to spend
in the campaign?; . ■.■■— > ■
, A. No. sir; I was not a member of the
Auditing and Finance Commltee. s
Q. You went to San Francisco two or
three times during the campaign, did you?
A. I think as many as that.
Q. Did you not state in Tulare that you
had the sack from San Francisco, and
that that was expended, and that you
were going back to get some more?
A.Weil. I do not know whether I did
or not. I do not remember of any such
thing. If anybody said that I did, why
1 would not deny it.
Q. Was it true that you had the sack?
A. No, sir. -
Q. You did get money from parties in
San Francisco to aid in that fight down
there?
A. No, sir. ..-.r.?-.-" ..-;->'' c.
Q. Did you have any money to aid Mr.
Chatfelter in his candidacy?
A. I spent some of this money that was
spoken of for Mr. Chatfelter.
Q. It Is reported that you received $1500
of Grant's money during the campaign.
Is that true?
A- It is absolutely false.
Mr. Burnett— Do' you know who did re
ceive it down there?
A. Well, no; I do not know who received
Grant's money.
Q. Well, Grant money from* Green?
A. No, nor any money from Green
either. ,
Q. From his private secretary In San
Francisco, Miss Levin?
A. No, sir.
Mr. La Baree— Do you know anybody
that received anybody else's money?
A. Well, I cannot say I know.
Mr. Melick— What did you hear about it?
A. Well, I do not know that that con
cerns the committee— what I heard about
it.
Mr. Burnett— That concerns us consid
erably. '."'-•';.-
A. Well, I do not know. I heard a good
deal about that. • ■
Mr. Sanford— Senator Under re
ceive it? ■ , _ _'' _
A. Well, I do not know whether he aid
or not. » '■'_ _
Q. Is It not a fact that you and Sena
tor Linder made an expensive campaign
there, expending four or five hundred dol
lars *_ week?
A. Is that an expensive campaign?
Q. Five hundred dollars a week might
be considered considerable.
A Oh, a week? I thought you said
four or five hundred dollars in the cam-
P Well, four or five hundred -pilars
Q Well, four or five hundred uollars
would be more than one hundred and
1 A Well, Ido not know what Senator
Linder did. If the committee wanted to
know what Senator Linder received and
what he did with it and who he got it
from, they ought to have subpenaed him.
Mr. Burnett— How did you know that
Mr Green was spending money? How did
you find that out-in the Senatorial
fight? ■ '-^-:'t
' A. Well. I do not know.
Q. You do not know how you found it
° A* Ido not know how I found it out
nor I don't absolutely know that I ever
did find it out, that is to say that I knew
it— of course I suspected, It.
Q. What made you suspect It?
A Well I do not know. A thousand and
one' things might occur to make a
man suspect a thing. ♦„__.»
Q. Are you of a suspicious nature?
A. No, sir; no, sir.
Q. Why did you suspect, then, that he
was spending money? _*ui_-
A. Well, I suppose it was something
that I heard or saw. ;'„ ' iV
Mr. La Baree to Mr. Cosper-Do you
want to ask the witness any questions?
Mr. Cosper— Yes, when the committee
is entirely done I want to ask a question
° Mr. Cosper— Mr. Lamberson, I have been
Mr Cosper— Mr. Lamberson, I have been
criticized somewhat through the public
press, and the statement has been made
that I had deterred you from coming
here, or something to that effect, and
had delayed the taking of your testimony
in this case. If there is anything, di
rectly or indirectly, in the way of a com
munication, express or implied,. from me
to you, that has detained or postponed
your coming to testify in this case, I
want you to tell the committee about It.
A. I "have already detailed to the com
mittee everything I know about that. I
have shown them the two dispatches and
told them of the telephonic communi
cation. That was all the communication !
that I now recall that has passed be
tween us since you came— since I left
Sacramento. I have never written you
a word and I have never received a word
in writing from you.
Q. Have you had any communication—
A. I want to say that, so far as being
deterred from coming to this place to
testify before this committee is con
cerned, that I had determined, after I
had got Into the trial of that case, to
Stay there until it was finished. 'If this
committee had sent for me with a war
rant, it would have been all the same.
I should have applied to the Judge there
for a writ of habeas corpus for my re
lease, and would have still continued to
try that . case until I got through with
It. That was my duty as I con
ceived it.
Q. Have you had any communication
from me, directly or indirectly, expressed
or implied, by which I sought to learn
what your testimony would be In this
case, or what your feeling in the matter
was?
A. Never one word in any way, shape
or manner, by „. any communication
through any messenger, by any person,
in any manner whatever.
Mr. La Baree— Any more questions?
Mr. Lardner— Just one more question.
Did you win your damage suit?
A. I got a dispatch after I arrived here
that the jury brought in a verdict for
$8000 in my favor.
Mr. Burnett— Excuse me— just another
question. Did you have any conversation
with Mr. Burns or with any one who pur
ported or represented himself as repre
senting Mr. Burns In regard to any vote
for Senator?;- -
Mr. Melick— l asked that question.
The witness l have not answered any
such question as that before that I knew
of. A
. Mr. Burnett— Well, then, I will ask the
question. Have you had any conversation
with Mr. Burns or with any one who rep
resented that he represented Mr. Burns
in regard to the Senatorial proposition or
getting votes for Senator?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. What was that? State who it was
with and what It was.
A. Well, I have had conversations with
two or three men that I know to be very
friendly with Mr. Burns— that is all I
know. I am not acquainted with Mr.
Burns— any more than I have been in
troduced to him two or three times. We
meet so seldom that our acquaintance
don't last from one Introduction to the
other.
Q. Well, tell us those conversations and
If they have any relation to the Senator
ship. . 'iy:. '■
A. Well, they have no relation to It any
further than that they were wanting to
know if I knew how Mr. Cosper stood on
the Senatorial question. That is about
all.
Q. Did they make any suggestions as to
securing, his vote or suggest any means
to secure his vote? .
A. No. The talk with those people was
on a line of threats. , .
Q. What were the threats? .
A. Well, Mr. Cosper would not have any
standing In the administration, or he
would not have any patronage, nor he
would not have his bills . allowed, and
everything would be against him if he
did not come into their camp.
Q. This talk. I understand, was with
friends of Mr. Burns? >-•;-
A. I do not. know whether they repre
sented him or not, but Just as friends;
just people that I knew were his friends.
Q. Did they say that they represented
him?
.• A. No, sir. •>:-"-;>; J y2.-. ■ ■
Q. Who were they?
! A. Well, I do not know that I care to
divulge their names. I, don't think—
certainly have not' been witnesses. -
Q. It don't make any difference.
A. Is that an important matter with you
folks?
Q. It might be. -y -.'-':.-" yr -yy yy ■■■•■•
A. They have not been witnesses here,
and I do not know that they had any au
thority to represent Mr. Burns at all.
They might Just simply have been talking
for the sake of talking.
Q. Were they expressing simply their
opinions?
A. Just simply their opinions; that is
all.
Q. None of them made any suggestions
as to what might be secured. for a vote?
A. Oh, no; nothing of that kind. All the
talk with those people was upon the line
that a man was putting himself In a very
bad shape If he did not vote for Dan
Burns; that he 9 was going to have the
powers down on him. ■■■ - ;'■■ ■
Mr. Lardner— you say whether It
was McLaughlin, the - chairman- of the
Republican State Central Committee?
A. No, It was not him— was not him.
On motion of Mr. La Baree the com
mittee went into executive session.
Work for the Attorney General.
CALL '. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 27.— Senator Dickinson has
presented a bill to the Senate which speci
fies that the Attorney General is to have
one assistant, who shall act in the place
of his chief on the State Board of Exam
iners when he Is absent, and who is to
receive $2700 per annum. By the terms of
the bill he is given three other deputies
at a salary of $.400 per annum each. The
bill provides that under no circumstances
is any State official to employ any legal
advice outside of the Attorney General's
office. The Board of Regents of the State
University and the State Board of Har
bor Commissioners are exempt from this
provision.
It is furthermore set forth that in the
event any District Attorney Is disquali
fied from conducting any prosecution
within his county the Attorney General
may employ special counsel to conduct
such prosecution, and the attorneys' fees
shall be a legal charge against the State.
A BILL TO KNOCK OUT
THE PROFESSIONAL JUROR
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 27.— Senator Braunhart has
obtained from the Senate Committee on
Judiciary favorable action on his bill pro
viding for jury reform, in that his act
will have the effect, if It is adopted, of
knocking out the professional juror. nils
Is a reform which has been long looked
for.
Senator Braunhart's bill provides that
once each year the Superior Court in
every county shall designate the esti
mated number of grand and trial Jurors
required for the entire year to discharge
the business of the court. In the counties
where there are more than one Superior
Judge, each Judge shall select his -ro
rata of the total number required. No
Superior Judge can delegate the power of
selecting Jurors to,, any other person.
After persons are selected the clerk of
the court Is to examine them to ascer
tain If they are qualified to sit as jurors.
Every Judge is required to affix an affi
davit to the jury list, stating that he
personally made the selections and that
no other person assisted him. The selec
tions and listings are to be made from
persons who are on the assessment roll
of the city or county, who are of fair
character, approved integrity and sound
judgment. No person can serve as grand
Juror within two years last preceding the
selection of the grand jurors of whom he
was one.- No person shall serve as a
trial juror who has served as a regular
juror within a year preceding the selec
tion of trial jurors and no person is re
quired to serve as trial juror for more
than one month in one year, and he can
serve as such juror in not more than five
cases during the term for which he was
selected. As soon as he has served In
five cases his name is to be stricken from
the jury lists.
This law was originally designed for
San Francisco alone, but the Judiciary
Committee has so amended it as to make
it applicable to the entire State.
ASSEMBLY BILLS OF
MUCH IMPORTANCE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 27.— Assemblyman O'Brien
of San Francisco introduced in the As
sembly this morning a bill which has for
its object the erection of a State building
in the city of San Francisco, and the
sum of $300,000 is appropriated to cover
the cost of the establishment. The build
ing is intended to provide quarters for the
Supreme Court, Court Commissioners,
Bureau of Labor Statistics, Yosemite Val
ley Commission, State Mineralogist. Fish
Commission. Bank Commission, Immigra
tion and Insurance Commissions, Attorney
General's office and others. , ...-
The Governor shall appoint three com
missioners who shall employ a secretary
at $1500 per year, and shall have sole con
trol and direction of the purchase or ren
tal of a site for the building, the con
struction of the building and its mainte
nance. They shall also apDoint an archi
tect, whose commission snail not exceed
3 per cent of the $300,000, and a supervising
architect. '
Cobb of San Francisco offered a bill ap
propriating $5000 to be used in furnishing
the office of the Superintendent of Public
Instruction.
Assembly Knowland of Alameda intro
duced a bill which prowled that ten
hours* work within twelve consecutive
hours shall constitute a day's work on
any railroad not a mileage road or a regu
lar schedule trip.
Trainmen employed overtime shall be
paid by hour proportionately with their
salaries. Railroad corporations failing to
comply with the law shall be guilty of
misdemeanor. '■ y t
To Restrict Pawnbrokers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 27.— A bill was introduced
in the Assembly to-day which "is calculat
ed to greatly restrict the privileges of
pawnbrokers and bring their 'business and
customers under the strict surveillance of
the police.
* The bill provides that every person car
rying on a loan business shall do so only
under license Issued by the Mayor of the
city in which he established. The
broker must keep a complete register of
pledges upon which he 1 ' makes loans and
before 12 o'clock noon of every day must
hand in to the Chief of Police or Marshal
a list of pledges accepted by him, a de
scription of them and of the persons who
have negotiated, loans. . Ko pawnbroker
shall 'release a pledge until twenty-four
hours have elapsed after the-, list has been
handed the police. «.-■-..
A change also is made by the bill in
the method of disposing of pledges that
have not been redeemed. Instead of being
sold at private sale they must be adver
tised for five successive days in a daily
paper and then sold at public sale. No
pledge shall be sold until after six months
after the time fixed by the contract for
redemption. -.--; ■ ■ •
The bill is in the hands of the Judiciary
Committee.
BLOOD POISON
BLOOD POISON
__^T blood POISON
Is Sore. blood POISON
» » BLOOD POISON
IS SHOWN IN THREE DIFFERENT
stages— ln the First Stage, ln the Second
Stage (more commonly called secondary), anj
In the Third Stage, or Tertiary State. Tou
will note your hair falling, you will note copper-
colored spots on the skin, you will discover a
very sore throat, you will find glandular
lumps.
ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN TO CURE.
When ln this condition an absolute cure Is
guaranteed, and If you are not cured in tho
time specified the treatment continues free,
j The great secret of this cure Is known only
to the Hudson Doctors, and they call it the
30-DAY CURE.
If you are' interested write for 30-day circu-
lars or consult the doctors free.
Tw_r~t HUDYAN
| WE ; EN | HUDYAN
l_____! HUDYAN
HUDYAN
HUDYAN
Cures falling manhood, drains, pimples, evil
dreams, spermatorrhoea, nervous debility,
neurasthenia, losses, melancholia and dis-
eases and disabilities of men. Write for cir-
culars about Hudyan. free. /
Hudson Medical Institute.
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Fr_.
34
BURNS GETS READY
TO TURN A TRICK
Will Use the Wright Episode to Coerce
Grant.
Touts of High and Low Degree Working Hard
to Make Every Use of the Report of
the investigating Committee.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 27.— The Senatorial contest
Is the question of second importance to
night. The report of the investigating
committee holds the leading place in the
general comment, As soon as the As
sembly decides upon the degree of pun
ishment that shall be inflicted on Speaker
Wright the contest of the Senatorship vill
reopen with renewed vigor, but perhaps
on slightly different lines. :
There is an intensely bitter feeling in
the Grant camp toward the supporters
of Bulla. The report of the investigating
committee has intensified the feeling. The
Bulla men are held responsible for the re
flections cast on Grant and Green in the
report. It is charged that the followers
of the Los Angeles aspirant went out of
their way to disclose and parade calum
nies against the candidate from San Di
ego.
In the light of the report it does not
seem possible that Grant can long main
tain his present strength as a candidate
for the office of Senator. The prospect of
Grant making any gains is remote in
deed. It is, therefore, argued that some
thing of importance will happen early
next week. The shrewdest politicians In
cline to the belief that the disintegration
of the Grant forces Is inevitable and can
not be delayed much longer.
The quiet which reigns in the camp of
Colonel Burns is ominous of another gold
brick. The touts are smooth and gracious
—so polite that one is apt to fancy that
they have been attending a lecture on the
art of conciliating political adversaries.
Everybody in the Burns camp takes his
cue from the cofonel. When Dan passes
the word out in the morning that the
touts must put on a bold front and claim
everything In sight, the bold front is es
tablished and the claim advanced with a
tone of sincerity that deceives the unsus
pecting. To-day the colonel must have
patsed the word along his line for the
touts to outdo themselves in demonstra
tions of respect toward the friends of
rival aspirants. The wary suspect that
the colonel is planning a surprise. The
movement which he Intends to spring may
take the form of still another attempt to
secure a caucus, or it may be put in the
form of an Invitation for the leading men
of the party in the Legislature to submit
suggestions for promoting harmony and
bringing about the speedy election of a
Republican Senator to be named by Burns
and his army of touts.
The indications to-night are that the
ASSEMBLY ROUTINE
ENLIVENED BY SANFORD
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 27.— Assemblyman Sanford
of Mendocino had a hard battle in the*
Assembly this afternoon to accomplish
legislation beneficial to the hundreds of
laboring men in his county, but he fought
it to a finish and won out. Bills 84 and 85
were both passed.
Bill 84 provides that every lumber com
pany In the State shall designate a period
of time not less than one hour in each day
for the midday meal of its employes. Dis
obedience of the law is punishable by a
fine of not more than $100 nor less than
$50, or by imprisonment for not more than
fifty nor less than thirty days.
Up In Mendocino County, according to
Mr. Sanford. the only time the men have
to cat is when a saw breaks or the crew
Is cab'ed out to read the latest blacklist.
Bill 85 provides against the blacklist. It
says thai' no corporation or company shall
blacklist or publish any mechanic or la
borer who .bas been either discharged or
has voluntarily left the employ of the
company, and that no company-shall con
spire or contrive by correspondence or
otherwise to prevent any such employe
from getting other employment.
Infraction of the law is a felony pun
ishable by a fine ,of not more than $1000
noy less than $500, '0r by imprisonment for
not less than sixty days nor more than
one year.
There were only,-' two measures on the
special order file. One was the constitu 7
tional amendment' proposed by McDonald
of Alameda to except all churches and
chapels and the ground upon which they
6tand from taxation. It went over to
Tuesday next. "
The other was Senate joint resolution
10, which dealt in glittering generalities
anent the Nicaragua canal. Assembly
man Camlnettl called attention to the fact
that the resolution said nothing about the
ownership and operation of the canal by
the United States, and it was promptly
flefeated.
Rickard of San Francisco made a short
explanation of Assembly bill 23, relative
to the destruction or obliteration of trade
marks on casks, bottles and other pack
ages, and the bill passed without dissent.
California had some trouble in acquir
ing the golden poppy as the official State
posy. Assembly bill 2119 is an act "to se
lect and adopt the golden poppy, etc."
Wade of Napa asked what would be done
•vith the thing if adopted, and every one
else on the floor wanted to know about
It, and finally Bliss of Alameda, who in
troduced the bill, had to acknowledge it
was only a fad. His confession effected
the passage of his measure.
Bill 136. by Knights of Sacramento,
which appropriates $69,500 for a home for
Governor Gage and his successors, came
ap on third reading and was passed.
The bill by which Arnerich , of Santa
Clara proposes to get $10,000 of the State's
money with which to buy' "predaceous
Insects" created a lot of warm discussion.
Caminetti said he thought there was a
"bug" in the bill and Johnson of Sacra
mento said there were enough parasite's
In the State treasury as it is. Arnerich
explained that it is the mission In the
life of the "predaceous insect" to kill off
ill scale and insect pests harmful to fruit
trees and vines and that they could only
De bought in Australia, New Zealand and
the Hawaiian Islands. His bill was
passed.
After the passage of a half dozen less
important measures the third reading file
pave way to the second and the drone
of Clerk Kyle's untuneful voice fell on
anheedlng ears until the Assembly finally
idjourned for the day.
WORKS' ANTICARTOON
BILL WAS PASSED
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 27.— The . so-called Works
Jill passed the Assembly to-day by a vote
»f 43 to 14. The bill has for its unkind in
tention the suppression of newspaper car
toon, caricatures and portraits, and was
introduced in the Assembly by young Mr.
{Vbrks of San Diego for the sole purpose
>f satisfying the petty personal spite of
3 rove L. Johnson of Sacramento. That
!he bill was not drafted to fill a crying
iced for such enactment is demonstrated
n the fact that the fourteen votes cast
•gainst It were donated by legislators
who have been caricatured repeatedly
lince they came up here to make laws.
The votes in favor of it were nearly
ill thrown by members who have as yet
lot come prominently enough under the
>üblic eye to warrant the artists' atten
i.m. or who have been made to fear for
•Jie future of bills of their own by the in
3uence Johnson swings as chairman of
_" Judiciary Committee.
No one who knows the finicky member
colonel will put in his time working for
a caucus while the Assemblymen are en
grossed in the discussion of the committee
of investigation. The plans of Burns so
far as disclosed by the attitude of his fol
lowers indicate that he will not deal
harshly with the Grant forces in the mat
ter of the committee report if such action
will gain for him an advantage.
Time will be given for the Grant men
to meet the conclusions of the committee
and present argument to prove that the
findings are false and the conclusions im
proper. A tacit agreement was made to
day when Dibble was in the chair that
the debate on the report would not be
pressed at 11 o'clock to-morrow if the
Grant men were not ready at that time
to proceed with the discussion. There was
implied consent that the whole subject
matter should be postponed until next
Monday if the followers of Grant in the
Assembly should desire such extension of
time.
The Inference is straight that Burns will
not sacrifice Wright if the sacrifice can be
avoided. In the first place. Burns cannot
afford to lose a vote. The vote of Wright
counts just as much as the vote of a
member upon whom there is no stain of
disgrace. Burns is quoted as saying that
he will not seek to interfere with the
action of the Assembly in the Wright
case.
From other sources it is ascertained
that some members of the Assembly who
have been voting for Burns will not sup
port a resolution to either expel or depose
the Speaker. Sympathy for the Speaker
is counted on to defeat a resolution to
depose him. In the colonel's camp the
sympathy is allied with a desire to save
the Speaker's vote.
The Republicans will fight out the bat
tle on the floor of the Assembly.
To-night Judge Dibble said that he did
not expect to call a caucus on the sub
ject of the report. The Democrats will
doubtless participate in the contest on the
floor and demand the adoption of a reso
lution to depose the Speaker, if a reso
lution to expel him cannot be adopted.
The efforts of the Burns men will be
directed toward a disintegration of tho
Grant forces. If delay will accomplish
this end tactics of delay will be em
ployed. Should the Grant men be par
ticularly desirous of concessions to save
the name of Grant from the stain of
legislative censure the Burns men may
drive a bargain in this respect, but it will
be a hard bargain on the basis of a cau
cus agreement. It is admitted to-night
that the situation gives Burns a chance
to turn a trick. Up to date he has had
ten workers in the field to every one that
any other candidate could muster, but
his campaign has dragged along without
any sign of success.
from Sacramento, however, will have !
aught but sympathy for him. Probably
no public man in the State has less to j
thank the general press for than he.
Cartoons and the reporters made pub
lic his unholy connection with the South
ern Pacific when he was in Congress as a
Representative from California, and it
was the publicity given him and his
methods at that time that lost his job
with Uncle Collls' layout.
The same publicity and same pictures
also made the profitable practice of the j
law responsible for -him during his lim
ited career in San Francisco after his
spectacular proceedings in the infamous
Martin case. Likewise, they have cut
down his former large practice here in
Sacramento and forced him from the dig
nity of Congress to the opera bouffe of
the present Legislature.
Sympathy is wholly with Mr. Johnson.
The wonder Is he has found so many to
pander to his personal spite.
Young Mr. Works, who acts simply as
the catspaw, made no speech nor expla
nation of his bill when it came up to-day
in its regular order on the file. The infant '
protege of this year's Assembly simply |
made another bid for popularity by offer- ;
ing a resolution barring lobbyists from j
the floor. Nobody made a speech at all. i
The house for the most part got up and !
made a quiet sneak for the corridor to I
escape voting either one way or the other,
and just enough were left to do business I
with.
Assemblyman Cowan of Santa Rosa
cast his vote aye when his turn came, but
got up later, changed It to no and gave
notice he would move for reconsideration
to-morrow. McDonald of Alameda voted
aye with the same intention, but Cowan
headed him off and he. was obliged to go
on record in favor of the bilL
The whole matter will come on again
to-morrow in regular order.
THE DAY'S HAPPENINGS
IN. THE SENATE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 27.— Senator Dickinson's
bill to prevent the fraudulent sale of bo
gus butter was finally passed by the Sen
ate to-day. It is a measure in the inter
est of pure food.
The substance of the bill was given ln
The Call a few days ago.
Senator Dickinson's bill providing for
the settlement of armory rents and other
bills of the National Guard was placed on
the file. The Senator explained that the
money to pay the bills had been already
voted, and his bill merely provided the
machinery by which could be determined
the amount of just claims.
Senator Shortridge did not want As
sembly messages read when the clerk ar
rived with them. He wanted them filed
with the secretary and taken up at the
Senate's leisure. It was explained to the
Senator that this would be disrespect of
the Assembly. '_
Petitions from Amador and Los Ange
les counties asking for the passage of the
Sunday law were presented and referred
to the Committee on Public Morals.
The Senate Committee on Judiciary was
requested to report as to the constitu
tionality of that clause of the county gov
ernment act regarding the appointment
of deputies by county officers.
Braunhart's Railroad Bill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 27.— Senator Braunhart to
day introduced in the Senate his substi
tute for the bill introduced by Senator
Simpson, enabling railroad corporations
operating under the Federal as well as
the State law to consolidate and be op
erated under one corporate 4 name, with
one set of officers and one system of ac
counts. This same bill is before the
Senate Committee on Corporations now,
having been presented by Senator Braun
hart as a substitute for the Simpson
measure at the last meeting of the com
mittee. It now goes to the same com
mltee as an original bill. The main fea
ture of Braunhart's substitute is that It
provides that the consolidation act shall
expire within three years after It goes
Into effect.
Municipal Corporation Bills.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan, 27.— The Senate Committee
on Municipal Corporations met this even
ing and managed to accomplish consid
erable work. The first bill considered
was Assembly bill 8, amending sec
tion 752 of an act entitled "An
act to provide for the organiza
tion. Incorporation and government
of municipal corporations." The bill
was recommended to "not pass." Bill j
08, introduced by Senator Taylor, was
passed favorably upon. It provides for I
changing grades of streets and sidewalks, j
etc., without the present process of ap
pointing commissioners, thereby entail- .
Ing expense and useless work Bills 229
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JANUARY 28, 1899.
and 231 were also favorably reported.
Bill 229 provides for the disposal of
moneys raised by cities or towns for pub
lic improvement, after such improve
ments have been completed and naid for.
Bill 231 provides for the establishment
and maintenance of sewer districts ad
jacent to municipal corporations.
An Assembly constitutional amendment
was brought before the committee, which
is considered quite an important mea
sure, g It requires that all bonds issued
by the State of California or by any mu
nicipal corporation of any kind or dis
trict (including school, reclamation and
Irrigation districts), within the State.
shall be free and exempt from taxation.
A MINORITY REPORT
FOR ANDERSON'S BILL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- J
MENTO, Jan. 27.— That junketing trip
to Folsom indulged in by the commit- i
tees on State prisons and capital and
labor did not result in a unanimous
decision against Anderson's anti-rock
crusher bill after all. A strong minded
minority has developed in Assembly
men Kenneally, Hoey and Henry, and
it has a report ready recommending the j
passage of the Anderson bill as amend
ed by. Dibble of San Francisco, who ■
has backed Anderson in his fight for
free labor from the start. Although j
the committee is not a unit on the ques- j
tion of the prison crushed rock it is on |
the proposition of allowing the State
prisons to manufacture other articles
that, will come in direct competition
with State made goods. The fight the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associ
ation has begun against the bill by
which Senator Edward I. Wolfe of San i
Francisco hopes to install in Folsom !
wire nail making machinery is prac
tically already won.
Oscar Lewis, who represents the as
sociation, was present at the little din- j
ncr given by Warden Aull when the '
committees called on him Wednesday j
afternoon, and he told them of Wolfe's |
intention. They declared unanimously j
that they would never stand for any i
such proposition. They said so pub
licly this morning, after The Call's ex- '
pose of Wolfe's intentions had been j
read in the Assembly chamber. The
fact was developed to-day that wire
nail making is not the only competitive !
industry that is contemplated in the |
penitentiary curriculum, but that the i
old hat and cap bill is to make its an- I
nual appearance again shortly after
the Wolfe bill is sprung.
Both majority and minority reports
on the rock crusher bill will be submit- !
ted to the Assembly to-morrow.
Charities and Corrections.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 27.— Senator Luchsinger has
introduced a bill to establish a State
Board of Charities and Corrections. It is
to consist of six persons to be appointed
by the Governor, two to serve one year,
two for two years and two for three
years. This limitation applies to the first
board appointment. After the terms of
the members of the first board expire
the term of all six of the members shall
be for three years.
Regular meetings of the board are to be
held quarterly at Sacramento. The board
shall investigate, examine and report on
charitable and correctional institutions in
the State, whether they be under county
or State control.
All plans for new jails, workhouses,
children's homes, hospitals, for addjtion
to or alterations of existing institutions,
are to be submitted to the board, for criti
cism before they shall be adopted.
The Governor is authorized to order an
investigation of any • institution of cor
rectional or charitable character at any
time by the board.
The board is given authority to name a
secretary at a salary of $1800 per annum.
The bill makes an appropriation of $8000
to carry on the work of the board for the
next two years. Of the six members of
the board three are to be from the same
political party. No member of the board
shall receive compensation... .y
Judiciary Committee Action.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MEN -10, Jan. 27.— At the meeting of the
Senate Judiciary Committee this after
noon the following bills were reported
favorably: .
Bill 243, an act amending the Code of
Civil Procedure by adding a new sec
tion making the expense of giving a bond
by administrators, executors, trustees,
receivers and assignees an expense paya
ble as an expense of administration.
Bill 137, prohibiting the wearing of the
insignia, badges, links, buttons, uniforms
or other emblems of secret socieities and
the use thereof to obtain aid or assist
ance by persons not members thereof,
and to punish" for the violation of this
act.
Bills 110. 143, 203, 216 and 258 were not
favorably reported upon.
PAPINTA A PURCHASER
OF SPEEDY THOROUGHBREDS
THE FASCINATING DANSETJSE
ADDS TO HER STUD.
She Buys a Great String From the
Widow of By Holly, the Well
Known Horseman.
Paplnta is a lover of horses. The
graceful dancer who has been entrancing
large audiences at the Orpheum during
the past few weens takes her pleasure by
driving thoroughbreds over the smooth
boulevards of the cities she visits and in
the breeding of record breakers.
The charming originator of the fire
dance and other marvelous effects has
adopted California as her home, and, like
Mrs. Langtry, has a beautiful country
villa in the interior, where she spends
her vacations.
Paplnta's farm is situated in Concord,
Contra Costa County. On it she has some
of the finest pieces of horseflesh in the
country. She is constantly adding to'
her collection of dumb beasts, and her
latest purchases has created a sensation
in horse circles.
Yesterday she bought nine speedy goers
from the widow of the late By Holly, who
was known to horsemen the world over.
The famous dancer heard that Mrs. Holly
wanted to dispose of the animals left her
by her late husband and she took advan
tage of her leisure hours and made a hur
ried trip to Vallejo.
. After narrowly inspecting the hand
some brutes she chose the following: El
Rayo, a handsome chestnut horse, by im
ported Sovereign; Francesco, a winner,
and sister of the celebrated Acclaim and
Royal Flush, both of whom have won
fame on local tracks and who is
by Three Cheers, out of Rosette; Minnie
Elkins, winner of the Colorado Derby and
half-sister to Logic, by Duke of Montrose
.and out of Badge; Kathlene, by Long
Taw, out of Athlene; Luclnda, by Leln
ster, out of Aunt Jane; Lady Ban. by
Major Ban, out of Bonny Brook; Miss
Jessie, by Baden Baden, out of Fun;
Ninena, by Jim Brown, out of Nannie
Hubbard; and Fusil, by El Rayo, out of
Fusillade's Last.
The Ferry Collision.
United States Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger continued their examination
yesterday in the matter of the running
down of the gasoline launch William D
by the ferry steamer Oakland a few days
ago. The examination .brought out the
fact that the steamer was running at the
rate of eleven miles an hour just before
she overhauled the launch, and that if
she kept on her course instead of at
tempting to back she would have gone
ahead of the launch and out of danger
The investigation will be resumed at i
o'clock next Monday afternoon.
League of the Cross Bally.
The League of the Cross Cadets^ will
hold a grand rally and essay contest on
Sunday afternoon next at Metropolitan
Hall at 3 o'clock. The companies of the
league from St. Patrick's, St. Rose's, St
Teresa's, All Hallows and St. Mary's par
ishes will be in attendance. An interest
ing literary and musical programme will
be rendered. The. Rev. Father E P
Dempsey of St. Mary's Cathedral will de
liver a lecture.
The most perfect whispering gallery in
the world is the dome of St. Paul's in
London. k - :y- **- - -— .-
"DEATH TO JEWS!"
THE CRY OF A MOB
IN STREETS OF PARIS
HEADED IV A CRIPPLE WHO
Has Nailed Feet.
IN SPITE OF COLD WEATHER
ANTI-SEMITE RIOTS CAUSED
BY THE SUIT BROUGHT
BY HENRY'S WIDOW.
Prominent Among Those Who
cipate in the Demonstratioi
Deputy Marcel-Hahart,
Who Was Boulan-
ger's Friend.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Jan. 27.— The trial of the ac
tion brought by Mme. Henry, widow of
Lieutenant Colonel Henry, who com
mitted suicide in prison here, after con
fessing to having forged one of the
documents in the Dreyfus case, against
M. Joseph Reinach, a member of the
Chamber of Deputies and editor of the
Republique Francaise, for libeling the
deceased In declaring him a traitor,
opened in the Assize Court to-day.
Mme. Henry, who was dressed in deep
mourning, was present.
There was great animation in the lob
bies of the Palace of Justice, but the
neighborhood of the palace was quiet
until 2 o'clock, when a mob, headed by
a cripple known as "Libertad," who
was on crutches and had naked feet In
spite of the cold, and a band of anti-
Semites, led by M. Gherin, president of
the Anti-Semite League, entered the
Place Dauphine at the back of the Pal
ace of Justice and began shouting. The
police cleared the square and placed a
cordon around it: The crowd cheered
for the army and shouted: "Death to
the Jews!" •
After the anti-Semite mob had been
driven from the neighborhood of the
court they re-formed on the Place dv
Chatlett, howling "Spit on the Jews!"
and cheering for the army. A fight
followed, during which several persons
were injured, and the rioters were
again scattered.
M. Marcel-Habart, member of the
Chamber of Deputies, a friend of the
late General Boulanger, was prominent
among the manifestants.
M. Laborie, counsel for M. Reinach,
asked the court to postpone the trial
until the Dreyfus inquiry was ter
minated. He declared the suit was
merely the work of a political party
reduced to the last extremities and
that it was merely a desperate attempt
to influence the verdict of the Court of
Cassation in its revision of the Drey
fus trial.
M. I St. ' Aubln, counsel for Mme.
Henry, replied, violently attacking
M. Reinach. He insisted that all the
witnesses were present i and that M.
Keipach should' give the proofs of his
assertions,' as he had promised to do.
M. Laborie * wished to reply, and
there was a sharp passage at arms be
tween him and the Judge, who refused
to allow him to reply, and called upon
the advocate general, M. Lombard, to
speak.
The latter opposed M. Laborie's appli
cation, and M. Laborie again urged an
adjournment of the case in order to
spare the country "useless agitation,"
adding, amid murmurs in court, that
even if an adjournment was refused a
hearing could not take place after the
court had given Its decision, and he
(M. Laborie) had given notice of an
appeal to the Court of Cassation. .
M. Laborie declared that M. Reinach
desired to have the action thoroughly
thrashed out, but, he added, owing to
the fact that the diplomatic and mili
tary witnesses were riot relieved from
the restrictions of professional secrecy,
a hearing of the case now could only
be abortive, as in the case of the trial
of M. Emile Zola.
The court rejected M. Laborie's mo
tion, whereupon he lodged an appeal
to the Court of Cassation.
* Subsequently the court decided to ad
journ proceedings until the Court of
Cassation had passed upon M. La
borie's appeal.
TO RECLAIM SWAMP'
LAND IN YOLO COUNTY
Project Which Will Permit of the
Cultivation of a Fertile
Tract. .
. WOODLAND, Jan. 27— some
months past there has been an agitation
among the owners of swamp and over
flowed lands ln the extreme southeastern
portion of Yolo County to form a reclam
ation district, and the proposition receiv
ed such encouragement that a surveyor
was recently employed to make the pre
liminary surveys with a view to ascer
taining- the cost of reclaiming the lands.
The formation of the proposed district
would be a great benefit to Yolo County,
especially in the matter of increasing the
assessment roll and lowering the tax rate.
At the present time this vast area is as
sessed at a nominal figure, because it is
impossible to produce crops of any kind
when the rainfall is normal, as it is in
variably flooded. The land is very pro
ductive, and if it is reclaimed immense
crops of grain, fruit and all kinds of gar
den truck could be raised, and the in
crease in value of the land would be enor
mous. '
According to the preliminary plans map
ped out by the persons interested, the rec
lamation work should commence at the
lower end of the Lisbon District on the
Sacramento River, running south to Minor
Slough, thence along Minor Slough to
Haas Slough, thence along Haas Slough
to Barnhart Landing, which is situated
near Maine Prairie in Solano County. If
the work of building levees along the pro
posed route proves successful and the
land inclosed is protected from flood
waters, thousands of acres outside of the
proposed district will also be reclaimed,
in fact, the reclamation df the land In the
proposed district means the reclamation
of almost the entire southeastern portion
of the county.
The most prominent promoters of the
enterprise are Williams &Bixby, a wealthy
San Francisco firm, which -. owns .22,000
acres, also the owners of the Mound
ranch, consisting of 6120 acres, and the
Barnhart estate with 4000 acres. John
Treathaway of Stockton owns 5680 acres
and there are numeous others owning
tracts of land ranging from 160 to 1000
.acres. ' >.r,-.v-
SAN JOSE-ALVISO
ROAD IS ASSURED
Board of Trade of the Garden City
Pledges Its Support to the
; •:; Project.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 27.— The Board of
Trade this evening Indorsed and pledged
its assistance and co-operation in build
ing a railroad between .this" city and Al
viso. The proposition made by the Santa
Clara Valley Railway Company-asking
for stock subscriptions amounting to $15,
--000 was enthusiastically j received, and ; the
.directors were confident : there would :>' be
no trouble in raising the money needed to
build the road. The opinion was ex
pressed that it could be done In a week.
Rights of way have been purchased, the
survey made and rails and track material
are now stored at Alviso. Over $50,000 has
already been put into the project, and
about $30,000 more is needed to equip the
road. Business men are asked to sub
scribe $15,000 and the company will put un
the same amount. A. E. Proyor, manager
of the road, and H. P. Thayer addressed
the board to-night and explained the sit
uation. The City Council and Board of
Supervisors will be asked to aid in pro
moting the completion of the road.
CORPORATION SEEKS TO
CONTROL PIT RIVER
Wants an Absolute Monopoly in the
Floating of Wood Down the
Stream.
REDDING, Jan. 27.— A proposition that
has thorougly aroused the owners of
claims on the sulphide belt of Shasta
County has just come to light. It is a
scheme to secure exclusive control of Pit
River for the purpose of floating wood
down the stream, to be used as fuel by
the smelters. The Mountain Copper Com
pany draws nearly its entire supply of
pine fuel from this source, and the firm
which is now under contract to the com
pany is seeking to secure an exclusive
franchise to the Pit waterway, and will
make application to the Federal Govern
ment for a charter to run for a period of
ninety-nine years.
Should this scheme be consummated It
will have the effect of converting the in
dustry of floating fuei to the denuded
mining districts of this county Into an
absolute monopoly, shutting out other
mining companies in the copper zone from
securing pine fuel except by paying a
heavy tribute to the beneficiaries of the
franchise. The miners regard Pit River
as a public utility that should not be al
lowed to pass into the exclusive control
of individuals. . They can see no reason
why a franchise should be sought or
granted, unless it be desired to confer an
immense advantage upon the grantees.
High up on Pit River are immense
bodies of pine timber. From the plateau
lands chutes are built to the water's
edge and cordwood shot into the river at
trifling expense, floated down the stream,
boomed and taken from the river at any
point desired. An unlimited supply of
cheap fuel is thus accessible to large
consumers, making the smelting industry
possible as well as profitable in a country
barren for the present of marketaole
coal. The Mountain Copper Company
alone uses annually from 15,000 to 20,000
cords of wood. _ -
Parti
i Is
COLLUM WILL NOT
STAND TRIAL AGAIN
Dismissal of the Case Against the
Woodland Man Accused of
Arson.
WOODLAND, Jan. 27.— The case of Phil
Collum, charged with arson, was called
in the Superior Court to-day, Judge
Buckles presiding, to be reset for trial, in
compliance with the recent decision of
the Supreme Court setting aside the ver
dict of the jury in the former trial and
granting the defendant a new trial. Dis
trict Attorney Bush appeared for the peo
ple, and Attorney R. Clark represented
the prisoner.
I Mr. Bush addressed the court, giving a
brief history of the case and said he re
alized that to try the defendant again
would be a useless expense to the county,
as he did not believe it possible to gather
sufficient evidence to convince a jury be
yond a reasonable doubt that Collum was
guilty, since the Supreme Court had
stricken out some of the most damaging
testimony against the defendant. Be
sides, a number of the important wit
nesses have moved- away since the for
mer trial and their whereabouts was un
known. Under these circumstances Mr.
Bush moved the court to dismiss the case.
Attorney Clark offered no objections and
Judge Buckles ordered that the case be
dismissed and the defendant discharged
from custody.
Collum was arrested on April 22, 1897,
tried and convicted and sent to the State
prison at. Folsom on September 15, 1897,
to serve a five-year sentence. The case
was appealed. and the .Supreme Court
granted a new trial. In all, his incar
ceration amounted- to about. twenty-two
months,; which; is equal to a sentence of
more than two years, allowing for credits
for good behavior. *■>*;.; ;',-"*. v % ..;  . !■
DROPPED IN A CAGE
INTO TRINITY RIVER
Peculiar Accident Causes the Drown-
ing of a Willow Creek
Citizen.
REDDING, Jan. 27.— News has just- been
received in this city of a fatal accident
that occurred on the Trinity River on
Friday, January 20. Frank Martin Sr. of
Willow Creek, Humboldt County, was the
victim, and .his death was the most sin
fular ever recorded in this part of the
tate.
Martin was crossing the turbulent
stream in a passenger cage swung to a
wire cable. He was alone in the cage and
when about midstream the hauling rope
attached to the cage slipped from the
shore windlass, paid out through the
pulley connecting the cage with the cable
and allowed the passenger car with its
human freight to drop into the river
Martin was drowned like a rat in a trap
The cage was afterward hauled out and
the body of its occupant recovered.
SPANISH COURTS-MARTIAL
AROUSE GREAT INTEREST
MADRID, Jan. 27.— The developments in
the court-martial of General Jaudenes,
who surrendered the Spanish forces at
Manila, and similar courts-martial, are
arousing intense interest and heated con
troversies. Tbe publication of the pro
ceedings in regard to the destruction of
the Spanish fleet Is expected to cause a
sensation, owing to fresh particulars
which are alleged to be forthcoming. Not
only the Spanish officers, but all the sail
ors will be cited as witnesses.
KISSES THE PROPHET'S MANTLE
Turkey's Sultan Makes His Annual
Visit to Stamboul.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan. 27.— Sultan
Abdul Hamid made his annual visit to
Stamboul by water to-day to kiss the
mantle of the prophet. The usual elab
orate ceremonies were observed. Through
out the week the police have been taking
extraordinary precautions to secure his
Majesty's safety and many arrests have
been made. Yesterday they visited all
the drug stores and hermetically sealed
all deposits of chlorate of potash. This
was done to alleviate the Sultan's fear
of explosives. -^
RIVALS THE GOLD
FIELDS AT DAWSON
Remarkable Strike by a Pros?
pector in the Golovin Bay
District.
SEATTLE, Jan. 27.— The first news from the ' Golovin Bay District of
Alaska to be received here since the close of navigation has' been brought
by Edward Seabern of San Francisco, who left Council City on November
Seabern tells of a strike made on the Neuckluck River that rivals the
immense finds in the Klondike. This was found by a man named Camp
bell in almost the limits of Council City, between the mouths of Ophlr and
Melsing creeks, and turned out $22 to the pan. The gold was in two and a
half feet of gravel in the old channel of the Neuckluck.
The Dusty Diamond people are working No. 4 above Discovery in Ophir
the only claim they were developing late in the fall, but they cleaned un
from this $48,000 in the short season. p
Prospects on Gold Bottom and Warm, creeks showed $2 to $4 to the pan
The Independent Mining Company of San Francisco, of which Seabern is a
member, sunk a shaft seven feet to bedrock on Mystery Creek and got $7 to
the pan on an average.
From 180 to.- 200 people are spending the winter on the peninsula be
tween Norton and Kotzeoue sounds, many of whom went over the Ice from
St, Michael. • . :. . • ■ *"
LUDLOW QUARRELS
WITH GEN. MILES
Not So Heated as Gen
eral Eagan;
SAYS HE WANTS. JUSTICE
HAD NO ORDERS CONCERNING
TRANSPORTATION.
When They Came He Said He Wou.d
Not Accept the Responsibility
for Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. There was not
a witness before the war investigating
commission to-day, but the commission
received and gave out an affidavit from
General Ludlow, now military Governor
of Havana, which the general had for
warded in lieu of personally appearing
In Washington. The typewritten affi
davit was principally in answer to the
statements of General Miles before the
commission in reference to the lack of
preparation made by the engineer corps,
of which he (Ludlow) had been the chief
officer in the field.
General Ludlow says: ' _ newspaper
clippings sent to me by friends indicate
correctly the nature of General Miles'
statements and of the responsibility
which Is therein made to attach to me
for any shortcomings that may be sup
posed to have existed in connection with
the embarcation and disembarcatlon of
the Santiago expedition, I beg leave, dis
claiming all intention of disrespect, to
express surprise at the statements made."
General Ludlow incorporates in his
statement a report of a rather warm con
troversy he had with General Miles at the
army headquarters in Washington after
the return from Montauk, in which Gen
eral Miles had said that General Lud
low's "fighting at Santiago was very
good, but his engineering was very bad.
General Ludlow said that he refuted
this statement at the time, pointing out
that he had done all the engineering
work that the time and circumstances
permitted; that the Santiago expedition
was not an engineering campaign but a
race between the physical endurance of
the army and the Cuban malaria, and
that if the "army had stopped to build
railroads and bridges It would have been
on its back before the surrender instead
of after."
\ In conclusion General Ludlow requested
that the commission should give his state
ment as much publicity as the statement
of General Miles. . . . •
RACE RIOT IN THE
AUSTRIAN REICHSRATH
Czechs and Germans Ejected After a
Disgraceful Fight Among
Deputies.
VIENNA, Jan. 27.— the lower house of
the Austrian Reichsrath to-day a disturb
ance, arising out of racial differences, led
to a hand-to-hand fight between Deputies,
The ushers finally succeeded in separating
the combatants, but the sitting came to a
close amid scenes of turbulence.
j The row -began through the German
deputy, Wolfe, who rushed to thereporters'
gallery. with a view to expelling a: Czech
journalist, who .had applauded. Deputy
Kramarz, a Czech. • Wolfe boxed the.re
porter's ears and tried to drag him out by
the collar. Angry • Czech * and German
Deputies rushed into the gallery, to assist
their ' comrades and '■ _ disgraceful fight
ensued, many showing the .effects in black
eyes, bloody noses and torn clothing. Fin
ally the Germans were ejected from ■ the
Meanwhile, owing to the noisy demon
stration of the public, the public galleries
had. to be cleared.,
NEW FINANCIAL HOUSE.
Marin County Bank Incorporated at
San Rafael.
' SAN RAFAEL, Jan. Articles of in
corporation of the Marin County Bank
were filed to-day with the Secretary of
State at Sacramento and with R. G. Gra
ham, County Clerk of Marin County.
Charles Martin, the rancher capitalist,
who owns more land in this county than
any other land holder and was the former
president of the San Francisco Dairy
Union, Is named as president, and S. H.
Cheda, the well-known capitalist of this
city, as cashier and secretary.
The proposition to establish a commer
cial bank ln San Rafael has been under
consideration for over a year. A meeting
of the persons Interested was held yes
terday in the offices of the Germanla
Trust Company in San Francisco, the re
sult of which was the filing of the arti
cles of incorporation to-day.
Besides the president and secretary, the
other directors named in the articles are
Henry Brunner, secretary of the Germa
nla Trust Company; A. G. Sartori, a part
ner in the Campi restaurant corporation;
and John L. Greer, secretary of the Marin
County abstract bureau. The bank will
open business with a fully paid capital
of $50,000.
The southeast corner of A and Fourth
streets has been selected as the site of
the bank. It will front thirty feet on
Fourth street and forty on A. It will be
one story in height and be made in the
most modern fashion, with a steel vault
Its cost Is approximated at $10,000. Bids
for a contract to construct the building
will be called for In a few days.
ROMERO'S SUCCESSOR.
Emanuel Aspiraz Made Mexican Em-
bassador to Washington.
MEXICO CITY, Jan. 27.-President Diaz
to-day appointed Emanuel Aspiraz, as
sistant Secretary of Foreign Relations, to
be Embassador to Washington. Senor
Aspiraz has been in constant touch with
_ h w\?_ c .» * m .V i"& r Romero and knows
J&.t&____,__ Mexico's relations with
the United States. He is a very able and
courteous diplomat. He speaks English
and has a charming family. He Is ana
tive of Puebla, is 55 years of age, and.was
prominent in the Liberal party during
Juarez's administration.
/ » — — — .
RETURNING SOLDIERS
WILL BE WELCOMED
San Jose Preparing for the Reception
of Her Contingent in the
Eighth.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 27.— The members of
Companies B and M. Eighth Regiment,
will be given a royal reception when they
return home next month. Steps looking
to this end have been taken by the City
Council, and the entire community stands
ready to assist in fittingly welcoming the
soldier boys. This city has the distinction
of furnishing two companies, and every
part of the county is represented. When
the Eighth Regiment was selected on the
second call for troops Company B of this
city was one of the first chosen. The
revolt of the Woodland company left an
opening, and Lieutenant Adel wired Gov
ernor Budd offering a second company.
The offer was accepted. In sixty minutes
sixty men signed, and in less than two
hours 125 had enlisted.
Mayor Martin yesterday named the fol
lowing committee to have charge of the
reception to be accorded the companies:
L. A. Sage, C. M. Wooster. H. H. Main,
C. W. Williams, R. J. Butler, W. G.
Hawley. F. C. Sanford, Paul P. Austin,
T. W. Hobson. Ernest Lion, M. O'Brien,
A. P. Murgotten. T. R. Weaver, A. Vatu
one and L. Calisch.
At a meeting of the. committee to-day
sub-committees were appointed and
preparations made. The nature of the
event has not been fully decided upon.
It probably will Include a parade and a
reception and feast in St. James Park.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Congressman . Loud Mentioned for a
General Appraisership.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27.— Senator
Perkins to-day Introduced a bill appropri
ating $50,000 for the Mechanics' Institute
Exposit on. ':• v
Representative Loud of California has
been mentioned for one of the vacancies
on the United States Board of General
Appraisers. The President recently
called for and received the resignations
of three members of the board. Loud is
regarded as being peculiarly qualified for
the position by his unquestioned integrity,
his judicial temperament and. his general
knowledge of matters coming before the
board for adjudication, gained by his long
experience in Congress and his familiarity
with public questions. The annual salary
of this office is $7000, and the tenure prac
tically for life. Notwithstanding the al
lurements of the place, it is not thought
Loud would accept. His prominence and
influence in Congress increases with his
years of service, and as chairman of the
Postoffice Committee in the House he is
especially valuable to legislators. With a
reasonable hope of continuance in Con
gressional life, engaged in important and
congenial work, and with his long identi
fication with the interests- of the Pacific
Coast, it is not believed* he would ex
change his present place for one that
would compel him to reside in New York.
The pension office has notified Repre
sentative Barlow that a pension has been
granted to Edward P. Wells of Pasadena.
He will receive $400 back pay.
A postoffice was to-day established at
Jersey Center. Contra Costa County, with
Benjamin P. Marshall as Postmaster.
Pensions have been granted' as follows:
California: Original— Michael Hargaden,
San Francisco, $12; Charles S. Doyen. ±-or
talla, $12: Frederick Roth, Los Angeles.
$6; special January IS. George K. Knowl
ton, Oakland. $12. Renewal— Conrad E.
Crow. Villa Park, $0. Increase—
T. McClelland, Campo, $6 to $8; Seth C.
Brown, Chino, $14 to $17; Ephraim H. Pin
| ney, Copperopolis, $8 to $10. -
! Oregon: Restoration and reissue — Con
j rad Stark, Portland, $6. Original widows,
! etc.— E. Laeng. Waltervllle, $8.
Washington: Original— C. cor
j bin, Puyallup. $6. Mexican War surviv
or, increase— Hugh Beirne, Vancouver,
$8 to $12. ___-„___
.♦
EARTHQUAKES IN GREECE.
Shocks Become Violent and a Num-
. .. .. ber of Houses Fall, j. •"'
ATHENS, Jan. 27.— The seismic, disturb
ances, which began in the Peloponnesus,
or southern part of the kingdom of
Greece, last Sunday morning, and' which
have continued intermittently In the
southwestern departments of the penin
sula, are very violent again to-day. In
the district of Kyparissa, on the Gulf of
Arcada, a number of houses fell this af
ternoon. The Inhabitants of the region
are panic-stricken.
Prizes at the Stock Exhibit.
, DENVER, Jan. 27.— There were twenty
three entries at the range cattle exhibi
tion here in connection with the National
Livestock Convention. Each entry con
sisted of one or more cars of stock, one
including 200 animals.
Twelve cash prizes were offered, ag
gregating $2000, besides a dozen or
more special prizes offered by Colorado
business men. The winners of the prin
cipal prizes were: Chambers & "Whitney,
Evanston, Wyo., best load of two-year
olds; Swan Cattle Company, Chugwater,
Wyo., best load yearlings; Newcomb &
West, La Junta, Colo., best load calves:
August Grundel, Gypsum, Colo., best load
Colorado two-year-olds; Mower & Co.,
Delta, Colo., best load Colorado yearlings;
J. O. Dostal, Aroya, Colo., best load Colo
rado calves; Swenson Bros., Childress,
Tex., best load Southern yearlings: Mrs.
C. Adair, Paladuro, Tex., best load South
ern calves.
Stanford Juniors' Election.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. -.. 27—
The last of a series of hotly contested
class elections took place this afternoon,
when the juniors elected John E. Healey
president for this semester. The remain
ing officers elected were: First vice presi
dent, H. A. Dutton; second vice president,
J. H. Coverly; treasurer, James Nourse;
secretary, Anna Fraser; track manager.
Robert Dlggles; baseball manager, Alfred
Haslacher. yyl
____———____— _ ____— — _ MM^ WM mm
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
trlclty MB Sweany's
or ||5! \ Combined
Medicine WSt £&& PS&I Electro-
When . Vfjf "** V". j Medical
Alone „^^s__r ~T **_?'£_. ment
ten _^___ajaS_SL Never
Falls £___f_qj§___iZ iilI Fall "'
DOCTOR SWEANY'S
COMBINED TREATMENT
y&F THE GREAT CURATIVE POWERS^
Never Fails to Cure Any Curable Disease.
This treatment combines the two greatest
factors of the . healing art— Electricity and
Medicine. Electricity is the acknowledged
greatest power on earth. When used alone it
has a very beneficial effect on many diseases,
hut when scientifically combined with the
proper medicines and administered by an ex-
perienced and competent physician, cures are
effected when all other methods had failed.
MY NEW COMBINED TREATMENT
n^i°J }°. } _*_ and vitality to weak men.
Organs of the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or indls-
_E_i°Jll *£* res .tored to perfect health and
strength . through this new and original sys-
__■ ~ ♦£ c „ tme . _' RUPTURE cured by this
new method, without knife, truss or detention
rrom work^ a painless, sure and permanent
cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele, swelling and
tenderness of the glands treated with unfail-
ing success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
in any of Its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the system. _ LADIES will receive special at-
tention for all their many ailments. WRITE If
you cannot call. He will also send you a valu-
able book. "Guide to Health," free of charge.
£«„■_!- F . L ' SWEANY. M.D.. 737 Market •_.
Ban Francisco, Cal.
— -■ - ■ ■EAGAN DOOMED
TO DISMISSAL
FROM THE ARMY
Court=Martial Finds the Commissary
General Guilty of the Charges
Preferred.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27. — The Herald's Washington correspondent sends the follow
ing: "And the court did thereupon sentence him, the said Brigadier General Charles P.
Eagan, commissary general of subsistence, to be dismissed from the military service of the
United States."
This, lam reliably informed, is the closing paragraph of the court-martial record of
General Eagan, which has been prepared, and to which Major General Merritt, president of
the court, and Colonel George R. Davis, judge advocate, will attach their signatures to-mor
row. He was found guilty on both charges, "conduct unbecoming an officer and gentle
man," and "conduct to the prejudice of good order and military discipline." •.■-'••
Having been found guilty of the first charge, the court, in accordance with article of
war 61, had no other alternative than to - bring in a sentence of dismissal. When the court ad
journed to-day the sentence was not accompanied by any recommendation for clemency, and
it is not now considered likely that any such recommendation will be made when the record
is formally signed to-morrow. It is still within the power of the President to exercise clem
ency, and it is believed by many officers that in view of General Eagan's mental condition
the President may mitigate the sentence of dismissal to one of suspension. The record of the
court will be formally submitted to Secretary Alger to-morrow and by him referred to the
judge advocate general for review. Several days will elapse before the findings are sent to
the President, who will finally pass upon them.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— The first
witness before the Eagan court-martial
to-day was David R. McKee of this
city, for years the agent of the Asso
ciated Press. During the period be
tween the time General Miles gave his
testimony before the War Investigating
Commission and the day on which Gen
eral Eagan made his statement the
witness saw him two or three times.
He seemed careworn and much preoc
cupied. Mr. McKee said that the Im
pression General Eagan then made
upon him was that he had become in
sane.
R. A. Alger, Secretary of War, was
next called to the witness stand. He
said that he recalled a conversation he
had had with General Eagan shortly
after General Miles had given his testi
mony. General Eagan came into his
office in an excited state of mind and
said it was his wish to prefer charges
against General Miles for what he had
said.
. "I told him," testified Secretary Alger,
■"that, under the President's order
granting immunity to officers who tes
tified before the War Investigating
.-.'•■ Commission, he could not do so."
"Mr. Secretary, did you receive any
instructions from the President on this
point?"
"He said to me that immunity had
.been granted to witnesses."
Colonel Alexander and Colonel Davis
were recalled and said that never, dur
.'.; ing their acquaintance with the ac
.-.'. cused, had they known him to use
vulgar or profane language. He always
had been correct and clean in speech
'• and never had they known him to use
.such language as was used in his state
ments before the War Commission.
Dr. W. E. Hopkins of California and
New York, General Eagan's son-in-law,
was called. He came to Washington
after General Miles had given his tes
■ timony and lived at the general's
house. He said he then observed that
General Eagan was very restless and
••■ nervous and could not eat normally or
sleep normally. At the table he would
• at times stop eating and apparently
lose himself in thought. He was in
tensely nervous and showed signs of
. congestion of certain parts of the brain.
Witness had had long talks with his
.. wife about her father, and he had told
'•'. her that the general must be carefully
V .watched and that they must be pre
. pared for anything. General Eagan's
''..'• mind was non-receptive at this time,
•'.: : and the witness believed that some
thing very serious might happen. He
..' : was, the witness added, in a gloomy
'.- frame of mind in consequence of the
'. ' things that had been said about him.
?'.. He felt that his honor was destroyed
■ and he did not want to see people. Gen
y.. eral Eagan, witness further testified,
...did not want to go in a street car and
'was ashamed to meet any one, and
keenly felt his disgrace. The general
'.. -said that General Miles had destroyed
.'his honor and that his life work was
- ruined. In all the time the witness had
X known General Eagan he had not
known him to use such language as
'■•;. was employed in his statement.
-. . Mrs. Hopkins, the daughter of Gen
."■ eral Eagan, was the next witness, Gen-
T eral Eagan's counsel explaining that
•'. ".he called her against the wish of her
.';.' father and husband, and only because
• he:- absence from the trial might be re
v marked upon. She said her father came
• : ... home one afternoon, and, standing in
.".•••' the doorway with a paper in his hand,
'■': ' exclaimed: "General Miles has cruci
'.'■'.. fled me." The witness said she could
■: • never forget that scene., and added that
.'.'•'since that time her father-had been a
"-•■ : greatly changed man. He could think
-.-" .of nothing else nor talk of anything
'."' else than that General Miles had ruined
•', his life. He was from that time on in
an alarming condition, and when wit
.; 'ness was compelled to go to New York
. :;' she had returned almost at once to
:•• -help care for her father.
•\ In, his argument for the defense. At
•. torney Worthington called attention to
•*.' the President's public statement that
• ; ;. witnesses were given immunity, and
... declared that this guarantee was
'.;■ • claimed by the accused. Under the cir
cumstances, he insisted. General Eagan
-was perfectly protected against any re
sults such as have been forced upon
.him by this court. He had been ac
'.' cused of a heinous crime, and in his
.-. . 'statement to the commission had de
'■' fended his honor and Innocence, as he
bad a perfect right to do, but using
' stronger language perhaps than he
should have used. Worthington next
' quoted : from authorities to show that
to convict the accused of conduct un
becoming an officer and a gentleman.
• • the offense must be such that any
• brother officer who should, after his
.. ..-conviction, take him by the hand or
visit his home, or be on Intimate terms
• with him, would thereby render him
self disgraced and unlit to associate
J with gentlemen and men of honor. The
• indorsements of several high reviewing
officers in the United States army. .on
/the findings of courts martial, were
• quoted as showing that the offense
• must be exceptionally heinous and such
'• as would unfit the accused for associa
" tion with right-thinking men. One case
cited was that of an officer who struck
•'another who was a cripple, and called
. .him a liar. General Sherman, who re
* • viewed the case, disapproved the find
ings of dismissal of the court and said,
lb effect, that this penalty should 4 not
COMMISSARY GENERAL EAGAN,
be imposed except the offense unfitted
the perpetrator for the society of gen
tlemen, and while he regarded the ac
tion of the officer* as properly subjecting
him to a severe penalty, yet the ex
treme penalty of dismissal should not
be imposed.
Judge Advocate Davis closed the ar
gument and the court-martial took the
case under advisement.
DR. CHRISTINE SAW
EMBALMING PROCESS
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— A Philadelphia
special to the Herald says Dr. G. Max
well Christine, a . prominent homeo
pathic physician of this city, saw the
process of what he believes . was beef
embalming in Swift's slaughter-house
at Omaha last June, which surprised
him and a large party of doctors who
were with him. Dr. Christine was a del
egate to the National Homeopathic
Medical Association, which held its an
nual session in Omaha during the ex
position period, and accepted an invi
tation tendered its members, to visit
the Swift slaughter-house. Dr. Chris
tine made this statement to-night:
"An employe thrust into each piece
of meat a canula or steel skewer with
a hole running through it. This was
attached to the end of a hose, which
PET DOG CAUSES
A CHILD'S DEATH
TACOMA, Jan. 27.— While playing with her dog along the bank of
Carbon River yesterday morning, near Fairfax, the 9 year-old; daugh
ter of Michael Herman, a coal miner, was knocked into the river and
drowned. The body-has not been recovered, and "may. never be, be
cause of a rising flood in the river. ; > ' .."."-,...;. -. *j : < .".'">■ v
The accident was a very peculiar one. The girl was • running
along the bank playing with her dog Rover, - which • had been her
playmate for several; years. During an attempt at an \ exuberant
manifestation of. good- will and playfulness/ the dog caused the child
to lose her balance, and she fell down the sloping bank : to the waters
of the river below, at once sinking from sight. The dog seemed to
understand .what had happened, for he. instantly began howling," in
plaintive tons. He jumped down the river bank and stood on the
edge of. the r stream, looking wistfully. into the water. Had the child
appeared above : its surface : there is little doubt that the dog would
have swum j out and ■ rescued her. No trace of her appeared, for she
was undoubtedly swept under by the swift glacial stream/
: The dog's howling attracted the attention of ; Mrs. ' Herman, who
had seen the child and dog romping along the bank only a : minute
before. . Going to the river, she saw at once, what had happened, and
summoned help. All efforts' to recover the body have proved" fruit
less. .-' ". .:' " . ' • "'. .':':."■.".•:■
supplied a fluid * pressure. ; A drip pan
caught* the* fluid as ; the ; canula was
pulled out -of •• one '. piece .of ? meat : and
thrust into another. It was a colorless
THE S A_T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 28, 1899.
CANNIBALS FEAST
ON A SHIP'S CREW
VANCOUVER, B C, Jan. 27. After escaping death by drowning,
eleven of the crew of the ship Manbare were captured and eaten by
cannibals of New Guinea. The Manbare was bound for Sydney, Aus
tralia, when it was caught in the terrible gale of December. Near
Cape Nelson it began to sink. The crew, eighteen all told, left the
vessel in two boats _nd soon became separated.
One boat containing twelve men was finally thrown ashore ten
miles from the cape. The sailors were seized by natives from the
interior and hurried off to the village of the chief. One man, James
Greene, escaped. y'-yOVy '-.--'>
: The sailors were stripped and bound and killed, one each day. A
wild orgie was participated in by at least a hundred savages, who
had gathered for the feast.
In several cases the sailors were tortured by the old women and
children of the tribe. The eyes of one were gouged out. The doomed
men stoically watched the elaborate preparations for their death. A
huge pot filled with boiling water was used for the feast, which, on
the first day, was prolonged away into the night.
In most cases the men were beheaded, their heads being stuck on
poles and paraded before the men who were to suffer the' same fate.
Greene - was rescued by, a steamer, after tramping without food a
day and a night to reach the coast_ The scenes of horror he had wit
nessed turned his hair snow white.
liquid, , the character of which .- I; do not
know ; but I believe it was a preserving
liquid.-. - v ■■•'■ ■
"Whether or not 1 . this beef was dcs-
COMPROMISE ON
THE ARMY BILL
Chairman Hull to Offer
Amendments.
OPPOSITION TO BIG INCREASE
CAUSES THE ORIGINAL PLAN
TO BE ABANDONED.
Modification by Which It Is Proposed
to Empower the President to
Gradually Add to the
Forces.
' Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— The oppo
sition to the army reorganization bill
on the Republican side of the House
has become so strong that to-day
Chairman Hull, after Henderson of
lowa, one of the floor leaders of the
majority, had threatened to vote to re
commit the bill, decided it would be
wise, in order to secure its passage, to
abandon the idea of providing directly
for a regular army of 100,000 men. He
announced on the floor that the com
mittee would offer amendments to re
duce the number of enlisted men to
about 60,000, but lodge in the President's ;
discretion the authority to increase the j
army to a maximum of 100,000.
These amendments have been pre
pared. They provide that the Presi
dent, in his discretion, enlist only sixty
men in the companies and sixty in the
cavalry troops. By the terms of the
bill there are to be thirty infantry reg
iments of ten companies each, with a
strength of 145 men, and twelve regi
ments of cavalry of ten troops each,
with a strength of 106 men. This dis
cretion, if the President would exer
cise it, would reduce the number of en
listed men about 31,000 and practically
leave intact the organization provided
in the bill so far as officers are con
cerned. * '.--V; •'.■'.;■
How far this proposed modification
will allay the opposition remains to be
seen. Johnson of Indiana, who took
a prominent part in the fight to-day
after the general debate closed, de
clared .that the purpose of the bill was
to have an army of 100,000, either by
direct authority or the exercise of the
President's discretion, and he declared
his purpose to fight to the bitter end
the machinery which was being forged
for a colonial system.
Henderson in the course of the de
bate to-day declared his belief in the
unwisdom of annexing the Philippines.
Johnson said the vital mistake was
made when the President instructed
the Peace Commissioners to demand
the cession of the Philippines. The
whole debate to-day was spirited and
so intense was the struggle when the
bill was taken up for amendment under
the five-minute rule that the first sec
tion had not been completed when the
House, at 5 o'clockk, took a recess.
PLATT OF NEW YORK
SPEAKS FOR EXPANSION
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— Particular
interest was manifested in the Senate
to-day in a brief speech delivered by
Senator T. C. Piatt of New York on the
general- subject of expansion. This was
the first speech Piatt has delivered in
the Senate since his return to the body.
He took strong ground for the ratifi
cation of the pending treaty of peace.
A resolution was offered by. Sullivan of
Mississippi, declaring that the ratifica
tion of the treaty should • not commit
the Government to a colonial policy.
The pension appropriation bill, the sec
ond of the general appropriation meas
ures, was passed after some debate.
Bishop Montgomery of Los Ange
les has a sermon to the workingmen
of America, in next Sunday's Call.
tined for the army or navy T cannot
say. The .physicians in our party were
taken rapidly through the big slaugh
tering establishment and had little op
portunity to learn the details of the
operations which they saw going on
around them." . l/r'-V
Rumors of Eagan's Wealth.
When' General Eagan - was giving his
testimony at the court-martial in Wash
ington his attorney asked him If he had
ever received any profit or benefit out of
the large contracts he let for army sup
plies. The general answered: "No, on my
honor, and before God, not 1 cent of profit
did I ever receive; and yet my office dis
bursed millions of dollars: and I am now
so poor that I cannot even pay your fee."
It would seem, from the foregoing state
ment that General Eagan Is almost pov
erty stricken, or at least he desires that
Impression to go abroad. : There are men
in this city who could never be convinced
that General Eagan is a bankrupt. His
son, Charles E. Eagan', Is reputed: to be
quite wealthy. He Is - treasurer of - the
OJaa Coffee Plantation Company, an enor
mously wealthy corporation, sev
eral thousand acres of fertile land in the
vicinity of Hllo, Hawaii. Young Egan Is
said to be one of the heaviest owners of
stock in the company. ; ■ ,,
Rumor has it that General Eagan re
ceived $100,000 not long ago from a wealthy
California bonanza king. The general is
said to have Invested the money in his
wife's name in a coffee plantation in
Hawaii. • : _•■
UNIVEBSAL JUBILEE.
' LONDON, Jan. 27.— Pope Leo, according
to the j Rome correspondent of | the Dally
Chronicle, contemplates a universal jubi
lee in '.1900, to mark the opening of the
twentieth century.' . .
JESSE WALTERS
HELD FOR TRIAL
NAPA, Jan. 27 Jesse Walters was
held to answer without bail to
day by Justice William Brad
ford for the killing of Alfred
Cook. An Information charg
ing him with murder was filed against
him later • in. the Superior Court
by District Attorney Bell, and his ar
raignment was fixed for 10 o'clock to
morrow forenoon. Preparations were
at once commenced by the attorneys
of the accused for habeas (corpus pro-
Courtroon) Scene During trje Hearing of Jesse
Walters at Napa.
ceedlngs before Superior Judge Ham
to-morrow to obtain Walters' release
on bail.
The case of ex-Sheriff McKenzie.
charged with having been an accessory
with Walters in the murder of Alfred
Cook, came up on preliminary examina
tion before Justice Bradford in the af
ternoon. It was continued until Wed
nesday next, to give the accused time
to arrange for the services of George A.
Knight. -
hen the court convened this morn
ing Attorney Beerstecher asked for a
continuance on the ground that Mrs.
M. Ray of San Francisco, one of the
most Important witnesses, was too ill
to attend. District Attorney Bell op
posed the motion, and in arguing for it
Beerstecher with some heat charged his
adversary with trying to run the case
from end to end the prosecution, the
Judge and the defense. This Bell de
nied with equal show of feeling. With
out making any ruling on the question
of a continuance the Justice, delivered
himself thus:
I have read the testimony taken at the
Coroner's Inquest. I have read all ' tne
evidence taken in that proceeding, an
have read the verdict of the Coroner's
jury, and I know what the evidence was
before me yesterday morning. It was
simply a rehash of the evidence given to
the Coroner's jury and a poor one at that.
It is no evidence to me. It is no evidence
by -which I can hold the prisoner.
The District Attorney objected •to the
tetstlmony of the last witness, and I ruled
that It was not the time after you (mean
ing the District Attorney) had your last
witness on the stand to object to the evi
dence for the defense. When you said'
"we will rest our case" then you deprived
the defense of a chance to be heard.
VILLAGES NEAR
ILOILO DESTROYED
BY INSURGENTS
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, Jan. 27. There is no illness on the transports at Iloilo. i
The Fifty-first lowa Regiment is returning to Manila on the Perm- i
sylvania and will arrive to-morrow. The Eighteenth regulars and the i
Sixth Artillery remain at Iloilo. \; - ' 1
A native commission from there comes on the transport to con- I
suit with Aguinaldo. Influential natives wish the Americans to land. i
The rebel army Is objecting and wants to loot the town. It has al- i
ready burned several villages near Iloilo. The lower classes on the «
islands, of Cebu and Negros are reported: to be attacking land pro- *
prietors and looting estates. . y /. ;■•;• ;. '■■ '.; i
Manila is quiet. The general health of the troops is good. The '*
island of Mindanao is overrun by Chimoros. The Spaniards are con- }
centrated at Samboagan. i
-yr, ryy-yxy. ■ -. \
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following:
: "Situation improving. Less excite
ment prevailing."
These two sentences were read to me
late this afternoon by Secretary Alger
from a dispatch received from Major
General Otis containing about 500
words. The Secretary added that Gen
eral Otis' advices were very encourag
ing and another Cabinet official with
whom I talked declared his conviction
that .the pacificatory policy of the ad
ministration would win the day.
"The* policy of the President will not
be changed," he continued, "until after
the ratification of the treaty of peace."
Secretary Alger ridiculed to-day the
story published this morning showing
the administration had intercepted a
dispatch sent to the Philippine junta at
Hongkong by Agoncillo and it was un
able to find any official of the admin
istration who knew anything about it.
It' was reported this afternoon that
the administration had determined: to
prevent his messages , reaching Manila
and that General Greely, chief signal
officer, ". had instructed Colonel Thomp
son, signal officer at Manila, to prevent
Agoncillo's "alleged dispatch reaching
the insurgents : in Luzon. A high au
thority denied that any such dispatch
had been sent. A message was sent to
Colonel Thompson • by General Greely
relating to stricter censorship to be im
posed, but I was told the name of Ag
oncillo was not mentioned nor was any
reference made to . the 2 dispatch which
he is alleged to have sent to Hongkong
and which ' the Government is said to
have intercepted. : . v
• The President is determined not to .
Institute " any proceedings against • Ag- .
oncillo at this time and thus create for
him in this country sympathy which he
I will say this: You think I didn't un
derstand what you meant, but I un
derstand a good deal more than the law
yers about this and other things.
If I hold this man to answer I must
hold him by the evidence before me, and
by nothing that I know . about the per
sons or things connected with this mat
ter, whether it be the testimony given be
fore the Coroner's inquest, the Coroner's
verdict or public opinion. I must: hold
him only by what has been shown in evi
dence before me. I don't care for what
the Supreme Court may have said a hun
dred years ago. .
If I should hold Mr. Walters under the
evidence I have now, and the Superior.
Court should be appealed to. for a writ of
habeas corpus, he would be released. Now,
you know what I think about it. I state
this not as a lawyer, but as _ man of com
mon-sense. There is not evidence enough
before me to hold Mr. Walters. I want
some evidence outside of what I know of
this case before me.
Attorney Beerstecher took prompt ad
vantage of the opening made by the
court. > '-
"If your honor please," he said, "in
order to facilitate this matter, and as
the District Attorney is very anxious
not to have a continuance in the mat
ter, and as the District Attorney has
stated to the court that he rested his
case, and as his case is therefore closed
absolutely for the purposes of this ex
amination, we will also rest our case
and have decided to produce no evi
dence on behalf of the defense. I ask
the court to make your order, whatever
that may be, whether you will hold the
defendant or not."
District Attorney Bell asked the priv
ilege of arguing the matter ' efore 'the
court made his order and the Justice
agreed to hear him, but not before he
had freed his mind of the following
sentiments: * yy ry ■;?.'
You have not satisfied my mind that I
would be justified In holding the defend
ant. It appeared to me that you j acted
toward the defense as If you had said,
"We have got you in a hole and we will
keep you there." I refer to the manner
in which the witness Grigsby was turned
over to the defense. Whatever I think of
the guilt or innocence of the defendant, I
can't go against my conscience. I don't
think the defense has had a fair show.
Bell argued the matter, for nearly an
hour. Beerstecher followed -and at
tempted to quote some law for the in
formation of the court, but he was
does not deserve. It is also pointed out
that his arrest and deportation might
precipitate trouble in the Philippines.
But his immunity at this time does
not extend beyond the day when' the
treaty of peace is ratified. At present
Agoncillo, is a Spanish subject and an
armistice exists which prevents the
Government operating against Spain or
her subjects. When the treaty of peace
is -ratified his nationality becomes
American and should be commit! any
acts of an Incendiary character he may
be tried by court-martial and suffer the
extreme penalty, death, if his offenses
should be of sufficient gravity. I un
derstand the authorities considered the
advisability of sending him his pass
ports, but they were fearful that this
might be construed as recognition of his
diplomatic capacity and it has been de
cided to ignore him for the present at
least. In the meantime sharp surveil
lance will be maintained.
DOES TREASON LURK
IN ALGER'S OFFICE
\ WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27.—
cret service agents of the Treasury De
partment are . carefully watching the
members of the Filipino Junta in Wash
ington. A detective visited The Call's
Washington office a few days ago to
secure certain pictures of these Fili
pinos, printed in that paper when they
arrived in San Francisco. Just why
they wanted this picture Is not appar
ent.
' The startling report was In circula
tion this afternoon that the. Philippine
junta here has in its employ at a high
rate of remuneration an official ,ln -the
War Department," who keeps Agoncillo
posted In reference to army matters
concerning the Philippines, * the infor
mation received from General Otis, and
the prospective operations there of. the
Amerloaa troops.
checked by his Honor, who paid this
eulogy to the Supreme Court:
I have my private opinion of the Su
preme Court. You can read twenty de
cisions on your side of. the case and Mr
Bell can read twenty on his side. It
don't make any difference to me what the
Supreme Court's opinions are; I simply
obey them as law. They make no impres
sion on me as a man. I have my own
opinions.
Bell concluded the argument and this
was the rather unexpected decision of
the court:
I shall do my duty as a committing
magistrate. I want to say this: I be
lieve from the law I am obliged to hold
■ the defendant to answer, but Mr. Walters
j has had no chance for a defense. I say
that It is the fault of the law. It is not
the fault of the District Attorney and not
the fault of any, one, but the law is not
always justice, and I say that under the
| law I am obliged to hold Mr. Walters to
answer. It is all against my sense of de
cency, justice' and fairness. I hold him
i according to law. Mr. William Bradford
, does not hold him to answer.
j Beerstecher asked that the defendant
be admitted to bail, which was opposed
jby Bell. Here the court again found
i an opportunity to make a faux pas,
and did not neglect it.
"Under. the decision of the Supreme
Court," said his Honor, "I refuse to ad
mit Mr. Walters to bail. I am for it.
but I am obliged to do it according to
law, although as Mr. Bradford I be
lieve the man ought to go free."
This caused murmuring in the court-
I room, and the Justice endeavored to
! reinstate himself in the good opinion of
j his hearers.
"No, I don't mean that," he quickly
added. "I take those last words back."
The commitiment was duly made out
and Walters was returned to his cell.
After court adjourned Attorney Beer
stecher said he would immediately be
gin preparations for habeas corpus pro
ceedings in behalf of his client and ex
pected to file his application for a writ
to-morrow morning.
During the afternoon session of the
court. when Mr. McKenzie's case was
under consideration, Dr. Chapman tes
tified that Mrs. McKenzie was in the
last stages of consumption and proba
bly would live but a few weeks. Her
illness was urged as a ground for con
tinuing the hearing.
DINNER DANCE AT j
VANDERBILT'S HOME
The Elder William K. Entertains, As
sisted by Mrs. W. Seward
Webb.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.-A dinner dance
one of a series— given by William K.
Vanderbilt to-night .at his house, 660
Fifth avenue. Many of his guests came
from dinners given by Mrs. W. Bayard
Cutting, Mrs. William D. Sloane and Mrs.
Frederic Bronson and other of the guests,
numbering in all about 300 people, came
from the opera. Mr. Vanderbilfs sister,
Mrs. W. Seward Webb, assisted the host
of the evening in receiving guests. •
The dance occurred In the banquet
hall, where about 150 seats were placed
for the cotillion. After supper the cotil
lion was danced, Ellsha Dyer Jr., leading
There were several sets, the favors in
cluding director's hats of gold and silver
tinsel trimmed with roses and walking
sticks, hung with garlands of roses
carved ivory paper cutters and silver pen
cils, all sorts of musical instruments trim
med with ribbon and roses, jeweled orders
hung on ribbons and gilt photograph
frames.
Among Mr. Vanderbilfs guests were
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Oelrichs and Miss
Virginia Fair.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
There are three periods in all life— the
time of the bud. of the flower and of the
perfect fruit. it is thus that girlhood
emerges into womanhood and womanhood
into motherhood. Almost all of the ills
from which women suffer have their incep-
tion in weakness and disease of the femi-
nine organism, which bears the burdens of
wifehood and motherhood. These disor*
ders usually begin with puberty, childbirth
or with the "turn of life." Thousands of
women suffer silently for years in this way,
rather than undergo the examinations and
local treatment insisted upon by the major-
ity of physicians. This is unnecessary.
An eminent and skillful specialist, Dr.
R. V. Pierce, for thirty yeara chief consult-
ing physician to the Invalids' Hotel and
Surgical Institute, at Buffalo, -N. V., ; long
■since discovered a wonderful medicine
that will cure all troubles of this nature
in the privacy of the home. This medi-
cine is known as Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription. It acts directly on the delicate
and iniporant organs that make wifehood
and motherhood possible. - It makes them
strong, healthy and vigorous. It allays in-
flammation, heals ulceration, soothes pain
and tones up the nerves. It banishes the
indispositions of the period of impending
maternity, and makes baby's advent easy
and almost painless. It transforms weak,
■ sickly, nervous invalids into happy, healthy
wives and mothers, All good medicine
dealers sell it, and no honest dealer will
urge a substitute upon you. -
Dr. Pierces Pellets cure constipation.
____
56
:■■; \\ SATURDAY. v :. JANUARY 28, 1899
■: ••;' '" ' * ■' — ■ — :
.;),. * JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
' . Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
? Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
'. DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER "WEEK.
„ • ; ' ; " glrgle Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
'.' DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year fO.OO
•".. DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday Call), 8 m0nth5......:.. I.SO
SUNDAY CALL, one year ...., 1.50
. . WEEKLY CALL, one year...'. 1.00 i
:•'. ' All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
'. '. Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
/.' OAKLAND OFFICE... 908 Broadway ;
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
j;". DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON <D» C.) OFFICE Riggs House i
'■*" C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
, >•"
'"'. CHICAGO OFFICE .......Marquette Building j
C. .GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
•"' BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mootaomery street, corner Clay, j
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until i
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 j
. o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock- ',
. 1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission, street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh,
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
. Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
"' AMUSEMENTS
• . Columbia— Wizard of the Nile."
. . California— "A Contented Woman."
Alcazar— "Men and Women."
Tlvoli— "The Wedding Day."
Vaudeville.
■ Comedy— "Tennessee's Pardner."
Chutes and Zoo— Pianka, the "Lady of Lions."
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Central .Park— Steeplechase. .
Oakland Race Track— To-day.
Rigieslde Coursing Park Coursing to-day.
. Metropolitan Temple— Recital Monday evening. Feb-
ruary 6.
' _____■__■ ______ ___ ____. —. __ __■ _■
* 'AUCTION SALES.
By Wm. G. Layng— Saturday, January 28. at 11 a. m.,
at 721 Howard street. Horses, Buggies, etc.
By G. H. Umbsen & Monday, January 30, at IJ
o'clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
EXTEND THE SEfIWfILL.
ONE of the measures which commends itself to
the judgment is that introduced by Senator
Braunhart relative to the extension of the
seawall southward.
That there is necessity for more wharfage is be
coming more evident day by day, and that the extra
space should be well within the bay is equally clear.
Th. Braunhart measure seems to leave little to be
'.desired. It provides, not only for the. wall, but the
establishment of the fund by which the improvement
may be maintained/ and submission of the scheme to
a vtote of the people. There' -"can hardly be a doubt
that the wall will be "constructed, for the need of it
is palpable. ". '* \-%r "
Tlie maritime business of San Francisco is on the
[increase. There has been, particularly since the
growth of the Government's transport business,
serious embarrassment for wharf room. There is
: no-treason why ships should be obliged to anchor in
-'..'; the,.£tr§am ,and wait alliance to get .to the dock. The
.... delay jnvolved-is costly and wasteful. • San Francisco
• has perhaps the finest natural harbor in the world.
./Every, advantage should be taken of the fact, and the
, extension advocated by Senator Braunhart cannot
reasonably meet with opposition. It is something de
manded imperatively by the tendency of the city to
grow. Every improvement on the water front is a
distinct benefit - to the whole city, and here is a
. scheme" of improvement which means much to the
municipality.
• The bill, we understand, has passed the Senate, and
it should .not- meet with opposition either in the other
House or at the - hands of the executive.
HASTENING THE MILLENNIAL DAWN
THERE exists the possibility that Assemblyman
Caminetti is a joker; if he is not, he is a joke.
His plan for hastening the millennial dawn shows
signs, of having been conceived while the gentleman
was in a- happy dream concerning the time when sin
shall be no more. He wants candidates to be for
bidden by law to treat anybody to a cigar, a drink,
even of sodawater, and then to swear that the com
paign 'has "been conducted without resort to such
wicked devices.
There is a law now which provides that every can
didate must, under oath set forth his expenditures.
These statements are filed promptly enough, but no-
body is expected to believe them, and nobody does.
:.Whh 'the Caminetti bill a law, the unhappy candi
. date would simply have to swear a little harder.
y Wh__*___„ _ state of morals exists as will permit a
.. -candidate to wage a campaign without buying a few
.-.'cabbage leaves and "smiling" with his friends there
. ; Will be' no need of any law on the matter, for the
■ -. millennium will be here, and drinking and smoking
• have become things of the past.
:..- It is not to be anticipated that the measure will
'.'-'pass. It ought not to, for it would, if it could be en
"" forced; work a great hardship 'upon the worthy army
•, of touts ''to whom politics is a business, and who, but
."■ 'for the kindness of the candidates, would have to
'•.snatch cigar-butts from: the gutter and either drink
• .• hydrant water or go thirsty. , .
y. ' Let the Legislature, in this thing of being truly
•' ' good, not crowd reform too fast, lest there be a re
•'"' lapse, and the last state of politics be worse than the
>•: first, thus- not 'encouraging the arrival of the millen-
I* nium-.- but rather retarding it.
NOT DICKINSON'S BILL.
THROUGH inadvertence, the introduction of
the -remarkable Senate bill authorizing the
slaughter of journalists was ascribed to Sen
ator -Dickinson. It should have been credited to Sen
ator Morehouse. The -Senator' from Santa Clara
thinks the newspapers have not treated him with the
deference due. his. character and worth. The value of
his -opinion is not under discussion here. Anyhow,
' Morehouse is the genius who thought out and
•promulgated the scheme of an open season for
'.writers and artists. An apology is due the Senator
v from Marin.
There is no need of alarm "because the soldiers on
board the Scandia have money in their pockets. Of
.-" course they will gamble, but they won't get any Bar
• bary Coast whisky. .....-•.
— _»'.---. •
Senator* Mdrchouse is understood not yet to have
selected a site for the private graveyard where he
proposesj-to plant obnoxious journalists.
:." .'''"- ??■■" *' "' ", , ~ •^TT '■'■
Assemblyman Dale did the Charlie Ross act for
three days very successfully. . .. ':."
HOWARD E. WRIGHT'S EXAMPLE.
THE name of Howard E. Wright flares like a
beacon before the young men of California, into
i whose hands its development is about to pass.
The restiveness of the people against political corrup
tion has been manifested for years. That form of
dishonesty has been very general and very rank, but
it could not be permanently endured in a State, mighty
within itself, facing the Pacific, which is the world's
I arena for the twentieth century, and producing a
i high type of womanhood and of manhood, in which
moral perception is the necessary accompaniment of
intellectual breadth.
Within the last few years much has been done in
this State to spread the knowledge of the elements of
true citizenship. Among other things, able and
learned men, many of them connected with our State
universities, have delivered courses of lectures upon
the constitution and upon our national history be
fore large audiences, of all political and religious
creeds, in the principal cities and towns of the State.
The fundamental truth that the permanence of our
institutions and the spread of American ideas,
through natural channels, depends upon the intellect,
the education and the integrity of individual citizens
and upon the extirpation of every form of political
tergiversation, has been enforced and illustrated, un
til the combined effect has almost attained the dignity
of a popular demonstration. The movement thus
definitely launched is rapidly spreading, until there
is a fair prospect that it will receive the support, as
it unquestionably has the approval, of the mass of
our citizens.
Various organizations, in which the tide of our
Western civilization is rising, are indicating their in
tention actively to participate in this great educa
tional work, through which the Grand Army of Amer
ican Citizens may insure the salvation of the country
and the fulfillment of its destiny.
The proceedings at Sacramento, therefore, in re
lation to the Senatorship. however dexterously con
cealed, will not escape the calcium light of popular
scrutiny, and the exposure and the fall of the Speaker
of the Assembly, his foolish surrender of oppor
tunities rarely within the reach of men of his youth
and of his limited experience, will serve to prove that
corruption, like murder, "will out," and that there can
be no future for a legislator who sacrifices his own
independence and his own honor.
In other States and countries men who have sold
their influence, when detected, are personally
shunned, or, in the English phrase, "sent to Cov
entry." This is the rule by which the United States
will have to be safeguarded. Our tolerance in mat
ters of religion and of politics, which, within its
proper constitutional sphere, cannot be too wide,
must be withdrawn when the print of bribery appears
on the forehead of mercenary representatives of
American constituencies.
MR, PERKINS AND THE CHRONICLE.
THE Chronicle of Monday last instructed the.
Legislature to instruct Senator Perkins not only
to vote for the treaty of Paris without amend
ment, but to swallow his own convictions, publicly
expressed and shared by the ablest statesmen in the
country, and vote also for the annexation of the
Philippines as a territory of the United States, and
for the admission of the Filipinos to full citizenship,
which the Chronicle has frequently declared is the
legal result of territorial acquisition in Asia under our
form of government.
The ground for the demand for this new instruc
tion is the assumption that Senator Perkins has con
ceded "that a State sends men to Congress as agents,
and not as principals." The expression is inaccurate,
because an ordinary agent is usually invested by his
principal with some discretion. This, however, is not
the Chronicle's interpretation of the views of Senator
Perkins in reference to instructions. The kind of
agency it means is the mere authority, automatically
exercised, and on national as well as State questions,
to record legislative decrees whenever they are pro
mulgated. Senator Perkins has a brain of his own.
He is well read in the history of his country. He has
had a wide legislative and executive experience. He
has associated at Washington with the greatest Amer
ican statesmen. How will he like the Chronicle's ac
ceptance of his letter to the Legislature as a com
plete surrender of his own individuality and of his
relations, on all national issues, to the entire popula
tion of the Union?
We cannot and do not believe that the humility and
self-abnegation of Senator Perkins are so extreme as
this extraordinary demand of the Chronicle would
seem to indicate, and we think that the views ex
pressed by The Call on the same day this demand was
made are an accurate exposition of the true situation.
That Howard E. Wright and his boon companions
in the Legislature should have the power, in con
junction with better men in the same body, to dic
tate to Senator Perkins how he shall vote on a ques
tion involving the terms of the Federal constitution,
our practice and our precedents in acquiring terri
tory on this continent and the rights and interests of
seventy-five millions of people, is too absurd for
serious consideration. Senator Perkins is a man of
intelligence, of,- knowledge and of character, and his
own manhood would not permit him to look his
fellow Senators in the face and acknowledge that on
national affairs he was governed by telephonic or
telegraphic communication with Sacramento.
Whether the treaty of Paris L or is not ratified
without amendment, we look for such a contest as the
world has rarely seen before men of the ancestry and
position of Senator Perkins break their constitutional
obligations and, against their own intellects, judg
ment and patriotism, vote to convert this nation into
an Americo-Asiatic republic, or into a colonizing
empire modeled after the type of Great Britain.
THE MERCHANT MARINE BILL.
SENATOR BOYCE has done well in submitting
to the Legislature a joint resolution urging
upon Congress the prompt passage of a bill for
the upbuilding of the American merchant marine. It
is full time to enact this legislation, so long needed
to do justice to our sailors and our ship-builders.
The very fact that we are to this day without any
adequate protection or governmental support for our
shipbuilding interests is itself proof of the far-reach
ing power of the forces that are opposed to such
legislation. We recently directed attention to a state
ment of ex-Senator Edmunds that while in active
politics he had fought for such legislation for twenty
five years, but had been always baffled by hostile in
fluences. The power of that opposition has not
weakened either in strength or in resolution. It is
as potent to-day as it has ever been, and it is there
fore important the friends of the measure should be
vigorous and persistent in, supporting it.
The life of. the present Congress is rapidly ebbing
away. The day when it will end its term will soon
arrive, and, there is much business before it. There
are grave issues of army reorganization, of Hawaiian
government, of the Nicaragua canal, to be discussed,
and the opponents of the American merchant marine
will take advantage of these to postpone consideration
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUBDAY, JANUARY 28, 1899.
of the bill, if possible. They will : fight for delay if
they cannot hope to defeat the bill by any other
means, and it is against such tactics the friends of the
measure must guard. " : ''/y''r ' , . t .y x. \
One of the most effective means of. supporting the
bill under these circumstances is that of impressing
upon Congress the urgency of the measure and the
strength of public demand for it. That can be done
by the adoption of such resolutions as that intro
duced into the Legislature by Senator Boyce. When
Congressmen are made to understand by the declara
tions of Legislatures, Chambers of Commerce, and
all forms of organizations known to the country, that
the people demand the enactment of legislation that
will promote our shipbuilding industries, they will be
less easily induced by the opposition to postpone the
issue and leave it for the next Congress to deal with.
MURDER AUTHORIZED BY LAW.
THERE are few greater curiosities than the bills
which are introduced into legislative bodies
throughout the country for the correction of
what their authors deem to be public evils. These
bills are all framed upon the theory that it is possible
to regulate everything by law — a theory so utterly at
variance with human experience that its entertainment
by any sane person is marvelous. The common law oi
England was based on the customs of the people, and
it grew, thrived and developed with them. What the
people thought and did was sacred. All the courts
attempted in law cases was to discover the custom
which governed and interpret and give it force.
The American' idea of fixing the common law by
statute is exactly the opposite of that on which the
magnificent legal system of England has become the
wonder of the world. If an American legislator's
view of a theatrical performance be obstructed by a
woman's high hat, he immediately introduces a bill
making it a misdemeanor to wear hats in the play
house. If the cartoonist bother him, he at once
frames a law making it a felony : to ridicule a man; no
matter how ridiculous his acts may become. If a
newspaper prod him with printed words, he turns
his attention to the law of libel and attempts to
abridge the liberty of the press. If the carelessness
of trainmen cause a railroad accident he introduces a
bill requiring them to be more cautious. In fact,
there is nothing of a utilitarian character which he
will not attempt to do by law, never thinking that
after all unless statutes accord with the customs and
sentiments of the people they do not become a rule of
action, but a source of irritation.
The limit of legislative interference with the cus
toms and habits of the people, however, may be said
to have been reached when a bill is introduced t,o pro
mote murder. It would not seem to be possible to
conceive of any human ill for which homicide would
be a panacea; the law at present does not justify it
on any ground except self-defense, though juries
•sometimes acquit outraged husbands and fathers who
commit it on the ground of insanity. Yet a California
legislator entertains the idea that murder should be
justified when a person, deeming himself aggrieved,
kills a newspaper man. We venture to say there is no
instance in the annals of legislation in which personal
feelings have influenced the framing of a law similar
to this. Making murder the pastime of frauds and
politicians may be denominated the highest achieve
ment of the art of changing laws to suit the whims of
legislators..
This bill is not likely to receive much consideration
at the hands of the Judiciary Committees, many of
whose members. are. % still happily sane; but if it were
to pass, what would be the effect? Only brave and
reckless men would follow the profession of journal
ism. Timid journalists would write in secret, (leaving
their colleagues, clad in armor and loaded down with
knives and pistols,, to defend the craft from assault.
Under such a condition who would be killed in lar
gest numbers— the frauds and politicians or the jour
nalists and artists? It should be easy to answer this
question. . The life of every man who even addressed
a journalist would be in danger. Newspaper offices
would become not places for collating and printing
news, but slaughter-houses, and legislators would be
slain in the halls of legislation by the wholesale. We
think the author of this measure after a short trial —
if his life were preserved would be the first to advo
cate its repeal.
Barbers will petition the Legislature for the enact
ment of a law requiring that no craftsman be allowed
to lather and cut without having undergone an ex
amination. The telegraphic mention does not specify
the character of the examination. Possibly it will be
in grammar and the principles of English construc
tion.
A reward of $30,000 has been offered for the con
viction of anybody voting illegally in Pennsylvania.
This is too much, for it is sufficient to tempt the pri
vate detective to "detect" the innocent, and a lot of
false swearing can be done for the amount.
Senator Ashe, who has in great measure depended
upon the press for the making of his fight, now seeks
to curtail newspaper freedom. This is about the style
of gratitude which caused Caesar to exclaim, "Et tv,
Brute!" r-y
There is no reason why Senator Morehouse should
dislike the papers. When he proclaimed himself as
one of "stainless heart" every paper in the State did
all it could to spread the information.
y. y:' '-'>•-*-;-'"<■ : --\-- "i
Aguinaldo has been empowered to declare war, but
if he is a person of discretion he will not .'do it.
Aguinaldo might by modesty and tact get Uncle Sam
to let go, but he can't lick him. ,
In Colorado the people are fighting their way
through snowdrifts, and in this part of California
they are asking that summer chestnut, "Is it hot
enough for you?"
The gentlemen who went to Sacramento to testify
as to the purity of Burns ought to have enjoyed the
experience so much as to have never thought of
mileage.
There is no need to feel alarmed over the Sunday
law introduced by Senator Simpson. The gentleman
himself will advocate it, and it is foredoomed.
At least the outraged legislators when they begin
killing journalists should be required to see the
graves of their victims kept green.
The Mormon elders who are being persecuted in
England ought to come back. to Utah, where they are
appreciated, and run for Congress.
It is to be hoped that this summer spell will not
fool the buds into getting out so soon that they will
die of it later.
Truth is mighty, and of course will prevail, but it
occasionally gets groggy at first and has to wait for
its second wind.
■ — *■
The rumor that Sacramento has a case of small
pox will never scare a Burns tout away. :
WANT TO BE RID OF WRIGHT.
I* EAST OAKLAND, Jan. 27. 1899. . ;
Editor Call, San Francisco: A large number of the voters of the i
Seventh Ward who voted for Howard E. Wright" are. very anxious ]
to subscribe for a railroad ticket to send him to' Mexico. Could you 1)
kindly advise us through your columns if this proposition is accept- j
able to Mr. Wright, as we are anxious to raise the money at once? ]
CALL READER OF SEVENTH WARD, OAKLAND. 3
CLOSING OF '
THE SCHOOLS
. To the Editor of The San Francisco
Call: One of the most important ques
tions has been placed before this com
munity .by the action of the present
Board of Education. A question which
not only concerns those who are di
rectly made to suffer by the decision of
this board, but it is a question which
in. its. consequences means the retro-
igression— almost the degradation of
one of the most enlightened and one of
the richest communities on the face of
the earth. . » 1'
This State has been well supplied
with funds and resources for educa
tional purposes. Enormous sums have
been at the disposal of men who by
the vote of their fellow citizens were
intrusted with the educational affairs
of' San Francisco. Those funds, which
would have been more than sufficient
to conduct our educational institutions,
have been squandered by the former
Board ! of Education and the present
board i_ facing a depleted treasury.
This is the situation at present.
Now the new board met and decided
to abolish one of the most useful in
stitutions in the city and State— the
Normal School of San Francisco.
The closing of the evening schools,
discharge of a number of good teachers,
curtailing of other necessary expenses,
etc., shall follow. Here arises the
question, Is this the right course to
pursue?
The Normal School of San Francisco,
founded by one of the best educators
in the West, Mr. Swett, twenty-three
years ago, has educated several thou
sand teachers of whom almost any
community could be proud. At present
135 young ladies attend the Normal, and
of this number more than 100 expect to
pass their examination at the close of
the present term. Only four months
remain to complete their studies and
receive their diplomas; but here comes
the guardian of education and closes
the doors of that noble institution—
Normal School.
If this decision should prevail it
would deprive the city of one of her
best schools of learning of which she
should be proud; it would blight the
hopes of all . the candidates ' for the
honor to possess a well-deserved di
ploma, and it would disgrace the Board
of Education.
Only $4000 is needed to conduct the
Normal School to the close of the term
and 106 students of this institution will
present a petition to the Board of Edu
cation at the meeting to-night that they
are willing to provide the funds neces
sary to conduct the institution to the
close of the term.
Gentlemen of the Board of Education,
there is only one honorable course to
pursue. Reconsider and annul your
former resolutions and uphold that old
and noble institution— the Normal
School of San Francisco until such
time as the Legislature shall make
provision for the State of California to
conduct it at its own expense. This
city and our State should not be de
prived of this school of learning; whtch
has done its share to give to them the
name of one of the most enlightened
and one of the. brightest common
wealths on the face of the earth.
THEODORE PINTHER.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Ernest Sevier, the Eureka attorney, can
be found at the Lick.
H. S. Allen, a Sonora mining man, is
registered at the Grand.
Architect L. U. Grant of Salinas is
registered at the Grand.
George W. Tatterson, a Stockton real
estate dealer, Is at the Grand.
Lieutenant Randolph Ridgely Jr. of the
McCulloch Is at the California.
Dr. and Mrs. Bernhelm of Butte, Mont.,
are among the recent arrivals at the Pal
ace.
Professor James E. Keeler of the Lick
Observatory registered at the Palace yes
terday. V:
W. L. Stewart of Santa Paula, who rep
resents the Union Oil Company, is a guest
at the Lick.
Congressman Francis G. Newlands of
Nevada arrived in the city yesterday. He
is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. W. I. Moore, nee Miller,
of Oakland, who are on their bridal tour,
are at the Occidental. , :,j
F. S. Wensinger, the well-known dairy
man of Freestone, Sonoma County, is a
guest at the Occidental.
. A. W. Jones, president of the Monterey
and Fresno Railroad, is among yester
day's arrivals at the Palace. ,;';.'.'
William Doxey, the publisher and book
dealer, returned on last night's overland.
He has been East on a business trip.
George W. Allen and wife of Clinton,
lowa, are at the Occidental. Mr. Clinton
is a prominent lumber merchant in lowa.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Furth of Seattle are
stopping at the Palace. Mr. Furth is a
leading banker in the Puget Sound coun
try.
J. C. Bull Jr., the well-known Areata
contractor, has returned from an extend
ed Eastern trip and is at the Lick for, a
day or two. ,~,
Dr. Cullen F. Welty and J. F. B. Gil
christ of Cleveland, Ohio, are here to en
joy summer weather in January. They
are at the Palace.
Postal Inspector T. H. Houpt of Find
ley, Ohio, a close friend of President Mc-
Kinley, arrived from the south last even
and and put up at the California. 22y
United States Marshal J. H. Shine, one
of U. S. Grant's chief lieutenants in the
Senatorial fight, came down from Sacra
mento last night. He- will return to the
scene of action to-day. •_■_;
W. W. Smith, for the past year chief
clerk in the Northern Pacific freight office
in this city, will become chief clerk of
the Pennsylvania lines on February 1.
His successor In the Northern Pacific of
fice has not been named. ;
Freight Agent H. C. Bush of the Santa
Fe has gone to San Diego to be present
at the inauguration of the new steamship
line to the Orient, which is to connect
with the Santa Fe. The new steamer Bel
gian King, which is to make the initial
trip, is ready to sail. Other Santa Fe offi
cials who will assist in celebrating the
departure of the steamer are General
Manager Nevin, General Passenger Agent
J. J. Byrne and General Freight Agent
Edward Chambers. '/''. y.'.
CALIFORNIA!^ IN NEW YORK
" NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— L. L. Llllls and
wife, Stanley Glidden, F. B. Sadler and
wife of San Francisco are at the Plaza.
. Bishop Montgomery of Los Ange
les has a sermon to the working-men
of America, in next Sunday's Call.
HOW TO STOP
;•-.•.■ -ifiV-'-'^ V.: : --'-" •"''■-'■■ •;■-'■'•■*•■■ ■''' "-*'•"--
THE SCANDAL
_.;•» w«.:;*iV^f-<:r.___l
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir:
The present state of affairs at Sacra
mento cries aloud for remedial legisla
tion. Legislators have shown them
selves unfit for public voting, as the
common herd of electors did long ago.
Let the Australian ballot system be ap
plied to Senatorial elections and the
scandal will cease. Colonel Mazuma's
occupation will be gone, as the uncer
tainty of the delivery of the goods will
be the most effective bar to the pay
ment of the price. It is sad to have to
say it, but one must deal with man as
he is and not as he ought to be. Make
the balloting for Senator secret and the
gordian knot is cut. Yours truly,
2-'ryy HENRY THOMPSON.
San Francisco, Jan. 24, 1899.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NEWPORT AND CENTENNIAL- C. G.
8., City. The steamer Newport Is owned
by the Pacific Mall Steamship Company.
The Centennial is owned by J. C. Ellis.
BRIDESMAIDS - Morning Wedding,
City. At a morning wedding with a nup
tial mass it is proper for bridesmaids to
appear with or without hats. It is a mat
ter of individual taste.
GOLDEN GATE PARK— J. H. W., San
ta Cruz, Cal. Golden Gate Park in San
Francisco has an area of about 1085
acres. The length of the main grounds
is 16,750 feet, width 2250 feet, length of
panhandle 1750 feet, width 412 feet.
THE CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILDING
—J. S. W., Folsom, Cal. The Claus
Spreckeis building, in which are located
the business offices of The San Francisco
Call and the press rooms, is an 18-story
building, the height of which is 315 feet.
SWANS— C. F. C, Dlnuba," Cal. A
friend of this department has kindly fur
nished the following: " 'Swans sing be
fore they die; 'twere no bad thing should
certain persons die before they sing,' will
be found in a work entitled 'British Po
ets, From Falconer to Scott,' a continua
tion of Dr. Aiken's work. It appears
among other epigrams attributed to Cole
ridge." The thanks of this department to
E. O D., City, for furnishing this informa
tion.
COFFEE-T. 8., City. Whether coffee
should be boiled or not is a question that
has been agitated ever since coffee has
been used as a beverage, and it is as far
from definite solution as It was when first
mooted. How to make coffee is a matter of
taste, but those who claim to be judges
of coffee declare that the proper way is
to pour boiling hot water over the ground
coffee grains, ground just before using,
the strength to be determined by the
taste of the user. • In this manner the
aroma of the fresh made, coffee is* pre
served, while in boiling it passes away.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA— S., City.
The government of the District of Co
lumbia is vested by act of Congress, .ap
proved July 11, 1878, in three Commission
ers, two of whom are appointed _y the
President from citizens of the District
having had three years' residence there
in immediately preceding that appoint
ment and ; confirmed -by the -Senate. The
other Commissioner 'Is detailed by the
President of the United States from the
Corps of Engineers of the United States
army, and must have lineal rank senior
to captain or be a captain who hair served
at least fifteen years in the Corps of En
gineers of the army. The Commissioners
appoint the subordinate official service of
said government. - -
STAMP FLIRTATION — "Snowball,"
City. The following is given as the stamp
flirtation: Stamp inverted on right hand
upper corner means "write no more."
Stamp inverted on left hand upper corner
means a declaration of affection. Stamp
in the center at the top signifies an af
firmative answer to a question; oppo
site at the bottom means a negative.
Stamp at the right hand upper corner
fixed at a right angle asks the receiver
if he or she loves the sender: in the left
hand corner It Is a declaration of hate.
A proffer of love Is made by placing the
stamp on a line with the surname. If the
party addressed be engaged a reply is
made by placing the return stamp In the
same place, but reversing it.
THE CENTURY-T. McG., Agnews,
Santa Clara County, and C. R., City. The
Christian era dates back to the beginning
of the first century,. and was fixed in 525.
The first century does not begin with the
birth of Christ. The date of the birth of
Jesus is now generally fixed a few years—
at least before the commencement
of the Christian era in the accepted chro
nology. The' reasons for this are not
given, but the reckoning of dates from
the birth of Christ did not begin until
A. D. 525. The precise date of the birth
of Christ cannot be determined. The
century closes with the last second of 100
years; consequently the present century
will close at the last moment of the year
1900, and the very next moment, the first
of 1901, will be the first of the twentieth
century. ■ •
NATIVITY AND , CITIZENSHIP —A.
M., City. This correspondent, in asking
the following question, confuses nativity
with citizenship: "My father came to this
country from Europe, was never natural
ized. I was born in San Francisco, am
now of age. Am I entitled to vote with
out having to obtain papers?" The son
of an alien resident of the United States
is a native of the United States and enti
tled to all the privileges, in which is in
cluded the right to vote, but such a
son on arriving at majority must elect
which , citizenship he will adopt, : that of
the country of his birth, or that of the
country of his father's birth. If on ar
riving at majority he performs any act
which his nativity entitles him to he
takes upon himself the citizenship of the
United States: but if he desires, he can
refrain from the performance of any such
act and olaim the citizenship of the coun
try of which his father is a native, and
in due form become a citizen of such
and doing so he is to all purposes an alien
and, although born in the United States'
would have, should he desire in the fu
ture to exercise the rights of an Ameri
can citizen, to be naturalized.
THE TENDERLOIN DISTRICT —N.
M., City. The term "Tenderloin District"
was one that was used by a police cap
.tain in New York City a number of years
ago when there was a change of captains
from one district to another. This par
ticular captain was one who had never
been able to get into the better districts
of the city. He felt disgusted that one of
his brother captains had been assigned
to one that he was anxious to get into
himself, and in. a tone of Disappointment,
while discussing the assignments that had
been made.said: "That fellow always gets
the tenderloin and I get the cheap cuts,"
meaning "that fellow" was always as
signed to the districts in which lived the
very best class of people and that he was
assigned to districts in which there was
only the riff raff of the community. Of
late years the term has been perverted
by persons who had no Idea of its origin
and meaning, and who have erroneously
used it. when speaking or writing of sec
tions that are occupied by disreputable
people. According to the intention of the
coiner of the phrase .that part of a city
in which there is the greatest amount of
wealth and the least- possible call for no
lice interference is the tenderloin diserict
A Touching Remembrance.
On a railway journey Morley had for a
companion an old gentleman who had
been trying to _ make himself more com
fortable with the aid of a somewhat de
flated air cushion. Professor Morley was
glowing to blow It up for him. but his
B£#s_? c. aS a re ? te £_ the exclamation:
Stop, sir, stop! That cushion contains
my deceased wife's breath!"— From "The
Life of Henry Morley- ' . *, m t he
JUDGE HEACOCK
SCENTS PERJURY
CLAD IN SILK
Typical Chinese Case
Before Him.
RESPECTABILITY CALLED IN
PRESIDENT OF ONE OF THE SIX
COMPANIES CONTRADICTED.
Two Principal Witnesses Swear to a
Totally Different State of
Pacts and Are Dis
credited.
Another illustration of the recklessness
with which the Chinese commit perjury
in the Federal courts was exhibited yes-
terday in United Commissioner Heacock's
court. Yee Yut Hing, a boy of 10 or 11
years of age, and Yee Wat Hing, a young
man of 26 years, sought admission to this
country on the ground that they were
born in Elko, Nevada. v:
Hlng, the 10-year-old boy, swore before
the Chinese Bureau that he was 20 years
old, and that he went back to China
many years ago. An air of respectability
was imparted to the proceedings by the
introduction of a dignified looking Chi
nese, past middle age and wearing the
long silk skirts of the well to do mer
chant. He gave his name as Yee Foo
Yung, his occupation as merchant at
Elko, Nevada, and president of the Hop
Wah Company, one of the Chinese Six
Companies, he alleged. He claimed to be
the father of the boys, and said that he
and the mother went back with them to
China more than ten years ago, and that
he himself returned In IS9O. He had sworn
before the Chinese Bureau that he had
never had a portrait of himself taken
until the time he sat for his photograph
when he was making application in 1890
for a landing. Then he swore yesterday
before Commissioner Heacock that there
was a painting of his In his home In
China, and that it had been taken full
length. When asked why he had sworn
before the bureau that he never had a
picture taken before 1890, he replied that j
he had misunderstood the question put to
him in the bureau. His attention was
called to the fact that the 10-year-old
. boy, alias the 20-year-old, had testified
. that his father's portrait at home was
only half length— from the head to the
, waist. This did not discompose Presl
. dent Yung In the least. He explained
that the portrait had probably been worn
; by the length of years and had been re
painted without the legs.
The. boys had testitfied that the other -
identifying witness, So Fat. had been a
frequent visitor to them at' their mother's
house In China. So Fat took the stand
i and testified that he was never in their
i house in his life.
Yee Wat Hlng, the older son, swore that
for five years prior to his arrival here
'be had been employed as a laborer in a
village several miles from the village in '
which h'ls : mother lived, and that during
that period he had not, lived at home.
The reputed father. President • Yung,
swore that he received a letter by every
steamer from the mother of the boys,
saying that Hlng, the elder, had . not
worked for five years and was hanging
about the house idle.
1 Judge Heacock said that there could be
no doubt as to the contradictions in the
testimony, and that nothing remained for
him' to -do except to remand the peti
tioners. : . ' ....
Hs will so report to United States Dis
trict Judge deHaven. •' -'i y Y ; ■*' *
„•■ ■ THREE PRAYERS,'' %w< w
An infant in its cradle slept,'-
And in its sleep it smiled—', ' •
And' one by one three women knelt
To kiss the fair-haired child;
And each thought of the days to be
And breathed a prayer, half silently.
One poured her love on many lives,
But knew love's toil and care;
Its burdens oft had been to her
A heavy weight to bear;
She stooped and murmured lovingly,
'.'Not burdened hands, poor child, for
y.y thee." - <
One had not known the burdened hands.
But knew the empty heart;
At life's rich banquet she had sat
An unfed guest, apart;
"Oh, not," she whispered tenderly,
- "An empty heart, dear child, for thee.*
And one was old; she had known care.
She had known loneliness;
She knew God leads us by no path
His presence cannot bless.
She smiled and murmured trustfully,
"God's will, dear child, God's will for
thee!"
—Kate Tucker Goode, In Alkahest.
Townsend's famous broken candy, 2 lbs 25.
Peanut taffy, best in world. Townsend's.*
Broken baby cream, 15c lb. Townsend's.*
California glace fruits, 50c lb, in fire-etch
boxes or Japanese baskets. Townsend's
627 Market St., Palace Hotel. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th©
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Hall Came expresses his opinion
of American journalism in next Sun
day's Call.
And 5,000,000 People- Said: Oh No.
At a million dinner tables yesterday a
million housekeepers said when the
guests got around to pie: "I expect that
pie is scorched a little on the bottom."—
Atchison Globe.
No well-regulated household should be with
out Dr. J. G. B. Siegert & Sons' Angostura
Bitters, unequaled as an appetizer.
A vigorous growth and the original color given
to the hair by Parker's Hair Balsam.
Mi.n'__kcor_s. the best cure for corn*. 15c;i
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY WILL STOP
a cough at any time, and will cure the worst
cold in twelve hours or money refunded. At
Owl Drug Co.
A True Lover of Sport.
"Don't you think Maud's affection for
athletics is a pretense?"
"No, I do not. I know she is engaged
to a whole football eleven."— lndianapolis
Journal. ; •;-:
RoYal
Baking Powder
' * -
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day* h
.j :_ .'„ *av»*. BAKIWO POWDER co., NEW YORK. ■ 'SPECIAL SATURDAY BARGAINS!
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
At 25 Cents.
' One special lot of about 40 dozen MEN'S TENNIS FLANNEL NIGHTSHIRTS,
extra large size and of good heavy material; THIS DAY'S SPECIAL PRICE,
'.. 25c.
At 50 Cents.
100 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' UNLAUNDERED WHITE SHIRTS, made from
Utlca Nonpareil cloth, with reinforced all linen inserted bosoms, double back
and all seams felled; THIS DAY'S PRICE, 50c each.
At 50 Cents.
62 dozen FANCY NIGHTSHIRTS, trimmed with embroidery and 'gash's*' fast
color trimmings and made from good quality Langdon muslin; THIS DAY a
SPECIAL PRICE, 50c.
At 75 Cents.
45 dozen MEN'S UNDYED WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, fancy silk
; . finish and warranted shrunk; THIS DAY'S SPECIAL PRICE, 75c each.
At 75 Cents.
1 30 dozen MEN'S HEAVY VICUNA MERINO UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS,
, finished with double stitch Beams; THIS DAY'S SPECIAL PRICE, 75c each.
i AT LESS THAN HALF PRICE.
, ALL ODD SIZES OF MEN'S UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS. IN WOOL
I. AND MERINO, WILL BE CLOSED OUT THIS DAY AT LESS THAN HALF
PRICE.
LACE DEPARTMENT.
I " .
..*•. At _. l-_ 2 Cents Each.
1 LADIES' JAPANETTE HANDKERCHIEFS, assorted patterns, regular Be, on
 . special sale at 2_c each.
At _> Cents Each.
.'LADIES' SHEER LAWN EMBROIDERED AND LACE EDGE HANDKER-
'..-■ CHIEFS, regular 15c, on special sale at 9c each.
I At IO Cents Yard.
• IS-lnch BLACK SILK VEILING, plain and dotted, regular 20c, on special sale at
I .-• .. 10c yard.
[•:•-. At 25 Cents Each.
LADIES' SATIN STOCK COLLARS. 6 row. black, white, pink, cardinal, royal
' •'_ blue, regular 50c, on special sale at 25c each.
•".:.". * At 35 Cents Each.
i LADIES' CORDUROY CHEMISETTES in black and colors, regular 50c, on special
! . sale at 35c each.
SPECIAL
3000 yards CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY, open patterns, assorted, regular 6_.c, on spe-
cial sale at 2c yard.
Iff/ Jones and McAllister Sis, /
GOLD-SEEKERS
PERISH IN THE
VALDEZ GLACIER
five Meo Lose Their Lives and a
Number of Others Are Badly
Frostbitten.
'.SEATTLE, Jan. 27.— The steamship
Cottage City from Alaska brings news
that a number of Copper River pros
pectors lost their lives in Valdez Gla
cier, The following are known to have
perished:
' .HENRY KROHN, New York City.
'.•;••£. SMITH. Chicago, 111.
2U> EMERSON. Baldwin, Wis.
i— -.HENDERSON, Wisconsin.
•QEORGE SWEESEY, New York
City/..
Among the badly frozen miners are:
•'.Giyorge Poalowitz, New York City.
v 'Sylvester Crane, St. Joseph. Mo.
•;1 ; 4.-.Emerson, Baldwin Wis.
.•There are six men at Valdez suffer
lng'Vfjrom frozen feet, hands and faces.
Quits' a- hospital has been established
at ..Twelve-mile Camp, on the other side
of the glacier, and some fifteen men are
euffering there from the same cause.
AH' were frozen trying to cross the
glacier, but managed to get back into
camp.
.' -:T__.freezing : of the Emersons, father
"and' was particularly sad. They
started for Valdez, but on getting well
toward the summit of the glacier, found
their- feet freezing. Botn started back.
.The son gave his father some extra
Wrappings for his feet, and. as a re
sult, froze both legs in a few minutes,
and was unable to proceed. He bade
his father good-by and compelled him
to move on without him. Then the
boy lay down in the snow to die. His
body probably will never be recovered.
The. father reached Twelve-mile Camp
very badly frozen, and is not expected
to live. •
■Smith and Krohn were members of
the- • same party, in company with
'.George Poalowitz, Sylvester Crane and
several others. They started across
the 'glacier early in December. Smith
.was the first to freeze his feet. After
fhe.y :had crossed the summit and were
moving down the long stretch toward
Valdez, his strength beget to fail. At
last 'he could keep up no longer. Call
ing .his companions around him, he
told them he was doomed, even if they
got, him into camp, and that they must
try and save themselves. Telling them
to. tell his wife and children back in
Chicago how he died, he lay down in
the snow, soon to be lulled into a last
sleep by deadly frost. He was a jew
eler by trade. i ; ■■■ '.;— "" ::
: : .Henry Krohn wanted to He down
and die ..hen the trip was almost at an j
end. His comrades forced him to keep
moving in spite of the pain of his bad
ly frozen feet, and at last got him into
Valdez. His toes were so badly frozen
that they fell off when his boots were
cut away. Blood poisoning set in soon j
afterward, and in ten days the miners \
buried him in a rough grave. He was j
a member of the Manhattan Mining j
Company of New York, and leaves a
widow and a family somewhere in that <
great city. V '-
The- third man of this party to lose j
his life was a miner named Henderson,
from some small town in Wisconsin.
He started with the party, but was
frozen before they reached the sum
mit of the glacier. He decided his only
hope was to turn back. Soon after he
left the party a terrible blizzard swept
over the glacier, obliterating all trails
and making travel impossible. 'He
probably lost his way and perished.
At any rate he never reached Twelve
mile Camp, the only place of refuge
for miles around.
George Poalowitz of the Manhattan
Mining Company of New York was the
fourth member to be badly frozen. He
returned on the Cottage City to-day in
charge of Dr. Lewis of Chicago. He
will lose the greater part of both feet
and is in danger of losing his life from
blood poisoning He would not let Dr.
Lewis amputate his feet ln the north.
He said:
"It was bitter cold, and for four days
we wandered around the glacier, trying
to find our way down. We had little
food, as we were going out for sup
plies. The other four members of the
Manhattan Company were waiting on
short rations at the foot of the lake. I
do not know what will become of them
now that Krohn Is dead, and I am here
in almost as bad a fix. I don't want
my wife to know my condition, so I will
not tell you my New York address."
George Sweesey, also of New York,
was a blacksmith at Valdez for a long
time. He started across the glacier
early in the winter, drawing a heavy
sled. The details of his death are un
known, for he was alone. He never
reached the other side.
The miners who arrived on the Cot
tage City say that many others per
ished like Sweesey. They are unable
to give names. The men starting: out
in pairs or singly were never heard of
again. , ____________
PISTOL PERSUASION
INDUCES A WEDDING
Santa Rosa Student Forced by an
Irate Father to Become a
Benedick.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 27.-Miss Lillian
Dillingham, a young lady well known in
this community, applied to the County
Clerk Tuesday afternoon for a marriage
license. She said the young man who
proposed to take her for his wife be
came timid, and that she had taken the
arranging of preliminaries into her own
hands. The person whose name she
claimed was to be linked with hers is
Charles A. Linebaugh, a student at the
Santa Rosa Business College, and a. resi
dent of this county. She was given the
paper and proceeded to the Magnolia
Hotel. From there she caused a mes
sage to be dispatched to young Linebaugh
at the college, stating that his father
was at the hotel and desired to see him
When the young man, who was all
conjecture as to what his parent wanted,
arrived at the hotel he was confronted
by a minister and an irate papa. in whose
possession was an ugly looking- pistol to
back up a stern request that Linebaugh
marry Miss Dillingham. _he surround
ings suggested no other course and the
student allowed the ceremony to take
place. »
To-day in the Superior Court a suit* was
brought to annul the marriage on the
ground that it was induced by threat and
was illegal.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAT, JANUARY 28, 1899.
LAST DAY OF OUR GREAT
Reduction and Clearance
SALE!
Our Saturday Reduction Sales have long since been noted by our patrons and
the general public as exceptional opportunities to purchase at greatly reduced
rates from our stock of DRY GOODS, CLOAKS and HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
This Saturday will be found particularly interesting as it marks the last day of
one of the most successful sales ever attempted by our house, and -in order that
this sale might have a fitting termination we have greatly reduced goods from all
departments and offer them to the public at
Prices That Must Command Attention !
SPECIAL LINES IN
Hosiery and Underwear.
Fkt "7 Cents.
200 dozen CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK
COTTON HOSE, in wide and nar-
row ribs, usual price $1 50 dozen,
will be sold for 7c a pair.
Mt 20 Cents. .*
300 dozen CHILDREN'S FANCY COT-
TON HOSE, in a number of the
prettiest styles, sold usually at 45c
a pair, will be on sale at 20c.
f\t IS Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK IM-
PORTED COTTON HOSE, double 1
heels and soles, extra heavy, worth ;
$3 dozen, will be sold for 15c a pair.
Mt 20 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' FANCY COTTON
HOSE, in new plaids, with silk em-
broidery, made to sell at 50c a pair,
will be on sale at 20c a pair.
LADIES' UNDERWEAR.
f\t _ES Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' EGYPTIAN COT- .
TON VESTS, fleece lined, also .
drawers to match, at 25c each. |
CORSETS.
Mt 75 Cents.
75 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, made of
Imported sateen, single bone strips,
latest French model, lace trimmed
top and bottom, drab and black,
regular price $1, will be sold at 75c.
GOLD FINDS ON
COPPER RIVER
Returning Party Reports
Discoveries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Jan. To-day's ar
rivals from Copper River are the first
to come since last fall. Some of them
had been three months at Valdes wait
ing for a steamer. The last party
from the interior left Copper Center on
December 1. They are A. P. Wedum of
Glasgow, Mont.; John Eckland, Hay
nan, Wis.; J. R. Marshall, Mexico, Mo.,
and Nels Hyland, Appleton, Wis. They
penetrated the interior as far as
Catcham Stockades, a branch of the
Forty Mile River. They crossed the
Tananu Valley, but heard of no gold
strikes. They have been traveling
toward the coast since August 1.
Dr. W. L. Lewis of Chicago says
there is considerable scurvy in the in-
terior. Thomas Hunt of Detroit, Mich.,
has been ill with the disease at Valdes.
Dr. Lewis established a hospital On
the other side of Valdes glacier. It
has a number of patients. A number of
men who were frozen have had their
limbs amputated. There are several
destitute men at Valdes who have no
means of returning to the United
States.
C. truce, formerly of Tacoma, said:
"After getting into the interior we
found there were some sixty Masons
in the country, and we at once decided
to form an association for mutual ben
efit. I was elected president; B. G.
Levroos of St.. Paul vice-president;
Herbert Smith of New York treasurer,
and H. E. Pierson of Denver traveling
manager.
"One of the members of the associa
tion made a discovery late in October
that will startle the world. He stumbled
across a small creek in his wanderings.
The indications were unfavorable, but
he began to prospect. Inside of a week
he took out over $200 in gold. He came
at once to the Masonic headquarters at
Copper Center and told the members
of the find. In small parties enough
Masons went in to stake a claim for
every member. *• ;1 : v;
"Talkill Creek Is a tributary of the
Tonsina River. Over seventy-five men
are working on the creek claims, and
all are taking out gold. Manker Creek,
also; running into the Tonsina, has
proved the bonanza of the district. On
claim 52, above Discovery, which is the
most developed, 75 cents to the pan is
being taken out. There are sixty-five
men on the creek. About 200 men have
claims in the vicinity of Mount Drum.
They are located on a small cr_ek and
are taking out from 15 to 25 cents to the
pan, although they have not yet
reached bedrock.' A new discovery is
Quartz Creek, a branch of the Tonsina,
on which 100 men are working. _ X '. ;
"The Masons have been very lucky
in the Copper River country. None
have been frozen and but one has died.
j We are united very strongly and the
i Masonic Creek Is sure to pay big
j money."
Reports from Juneau say that a new
j lake has been discovered a short dis
i tance in the interior from Lynn Canal.
It has been named Walker Lake, after
Its discoverer, G. W." Walker. The
: creeks emptying into It are said to
! contain much gold. On one small creek
! named Bonanza, Walker, it is stated,
got an average of 51 to the pan.
How Aguinai .o won his leader
ship, in next Sunday's Call,
RIBBONS^SPECIAL"
; At IO Cents Yard.
200 pieces NO. 40 FANCY RIBBON, all
silk, 3*_ inches wide, in Bayadere
stripes, checks and ombre, value 25,
30 and 35c, will be placed on sale at 10c
a yard. yiyli
Pit 23 Cents Yard.
500 pieces 5-INCH COLORED MOIRE
TAFFETA RIBBON,, all silk, in all
shades, worth 40c a yard, will bo
placed on sale at 23c a yard.
Mt 2S Cents.
5-INCH ALL-SILK BLACK SATIN AND
GROSGRAIN RIBBON, value 45c,
will be offered at, 25c yard.
Mt 25 Cents.
5-INCH ALL-SILK BLACK MOIRE
RIBBONS, value 45c, will be offered at
25c yard.
Mt IO Cents.
2-INCH COLORED DOUBLE-FACED
RIBBON, assorted colors, will be of-
fered at 10c yard.
____
Mt 12 1-2 Cents.
2_-INCH COLORED DOUBLE-FACED
RIBBON, assorted colors, will be of-
fered at 12_c yard.
Mt IS Cents.
3-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED MOIRE
RIBBON, assorted colors, will be of-
fered at 15c.
GOLF VS. SAUSAGE
IS NOW IN COURT
Chris Kjeio's Slaughter - House
Offends San Rafael's Esthetic
Knigbts of the Link;.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 27.— G01f versus Sausage was not exactly the
title of a suit filed In the Superior Court to-day, but it really amounts
to that. The San Rafael Golf Club, through Henry C. Campbell, has
attacked Chris Klein, a wealthy butcher, in the courts on the ground
that he is maintaining a nuisance. As Klein is determined to pre
serve what he believes to be his rights, a legal struggle of unusual in
terest is about to be Inaugurated. A few months ago the San Rafael
Golf Club was incorporated, and leased the Wagner tract for links. It
is situated about two miles north of town. Extensive improvements
have been begun, and the intention is to make the links the finest In the
State. Just above the golf grounds is situated the Kimball tract,
owned by Klein, a wealthy man, with an iron will. Klein maintains a
number of head of cattle on this tract, and his slaughter house is also
there. The aroma from this slaughter house is in no wise akin to
those of Araby the blest, and frequent attempts on the part of Carter
P. Pomeroy and Campbell to have Klein move the odor manufactory
resulting in naught, the courts have been petitioned for relief. It is al
leged in the complaint that the water of a stream flowing through
Klein's property and the golf grounds is contaminated by refuse and
offal so strongly as to be a nuisance. Campbell asks for $10,000 dam
ages and an Injunction. The petition is fortified by the affidavits of
such notables as United States Judge W. W. Morrow, Frank S. John
son of the Johnson-Locke Company, Carter P. Pomeroy, E. G. Stet
son and Dr. H. O. Howitt. Klein says he "was there first," and that
his slaughter house is the cleanest in the State. He has determined
to fight the case to the bitter end. Upon the depositing of a $1000 bond
by Campbell, Judge Angellotti has issued a restraining order asking
Klein to appear and show cause why a temporary injunction should not
be issued. .'
NORMAL SCHOOL
COMMENCEMENT
Graduating Exercises at
San Jose.
TWENTY-FIVE IN THE CLASS
OF THIS NUMBER BUT THREE
ARE MALES.
iyy'W'.fyf'
Dr. McClish Delivers an Inspiring
Address Upon "The Cul
tivation of Noble
Thoughts."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 27— regular
spring graduation exercises took place
at the State. Normal School this morn
ing before an audience that completely
filled the hall. The room was prettily
decorated with flowers and plants and
with the large number of students pre
sented a pleasing sight. A flne musical
programme was rendered. Dr. McClish
delivered an inspiring address upon
"The Cultivation of Noble Thoughts."
Principal Randall spoke briefly, wish
LADIES' WAISTS
DRESsISfi SACQUES.
fVt SO Cents.
LADIES' WOOLEN SHIRT WAISTS
in fancy plaids of all the latest
shades, extra good value, at Jl 25,
will be offered at 50c.
Mt $1.00.
LADIES' ALL-WOOL PLAID SHIRT
WAISTS, lined throughout, extra
good value, for $2 and $2 50, will be
offered at $1. v • •
Mt ®-+._>o.
LADIES' STRIPED TAFFETA SILK
SHIRT WAISTS, latest style, lined
throuhout, extra good value, for
$6 50, will be offered at $4 90.
Mt S&G.SO.
LADIES' FANCY TUCKED TAFFE-
TA SILK SHIRT WAISTS, lined
throughout, extra good value, for
$10, will be offered at $6 50.
Mt $i.OO.
LADIES' EIDER-DOWN DRESSING
SACQUES. in fancy stripes, extra
good value, for %2 25, will be offered
at 51-
Mt $2.00.
LADIES' BEST QUALITY EIDER-
DOWN DRESSING SACQUES, in
handsome patterns, perfect fit, ex-
tra good quality, for $4, will be of-
fered at $2. •
ing the young teachers success and
godspeed.
The graduates number twenty-five, of
which only three were males. They
were: Frederick T. Bailey, Winifred C.
Booker, Mabel G. Bowsher, Etona M.
Broderick, M. Janie Carnes, Jessie
Cuthbertson, Ysibel I. Daly, Emma
Dawley, Olive Adelia Eardley, Edith
V. Edwards, Blanche H. Fry, Effie
Izah Hawkins, Elsie Winifred' Hill,
Blanche Hood, Edna A. Hyde, May E.
Humphreys, Lena M. Kelly, Harry G.
McKannay, Theresa R. Molfirre', Susie
Verne Price, Laura C. Sangster, C.
Helene Schultz, Hugh Francis Sturte
vant, Winifred H. Sullivan, Nettie E.
Wagner. -
After the exercises the graduating
class held a reception. The class exer
cises were held yesterday afternoon and
consisted of a musical and literary pro
gramme. The class officers are: M.
Janie Carnes, f president; : Winifred C.
Booker, vice president; Ysibel I. Daly,
secretary; Hugh Francis Sturtevant,
treasurer; Edna A. Hyde, prophet;
Edith V. Edwards, poet.
CHICO, Jan. 27.— graduates of
the State Normal School, twenty in
number, received diplomas this evening.
The exercises were held in Normal Hall,
which was beautifully decorated. After
a prayer by Rev. Mr. Pollock, singing
by the Normal Glee Club and an ad
dress by Professor El wood P. Cudderly
of Stanford University, president Hit
ter presented diplomas to the following
graduates: Benjamin Baros, Biggs;
Ella M. Clark, Tehama; Ora V. Coombs,
Red Bluff; Ethel C. Dunbar, Stockton;
Daisy M. Garoutte, * Chico; Alexander
Heckle, Red Bluff; Ellen T. Hicks,
Scott River; Helen L. Hutchinson, Oak
land; Ada Longenecker, Nelson; Isabel
G. Mansfield, Chico; . Elizabeth Mul
cahy, Grass Valley; Rose Peter, Oro
ville; Emma Rees, Leosville; Martha
A. Rowley, Chico; Alma Shepherd, Red
ding; Mary I. Smith, Honcut; Maude
Taylor, Durham . Lulu G. Turner,
Chico; Grace A. Williams, Red Bluff;
Cora Y. Wright, Chico.
LADIES' JACKETS and CAPES.
___t $1.45
LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT CLOTH JACKETS, etorm collars, worth tl 00; sale
price Jl 45 each.
___t $2.45.
LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, former price t8 00; Ml.
price J2 45 each.
*>/:•'• .A.t $3.95.
LADIES' TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, good value for t7 DO; eale
price J3 95 each. - . V -
___t $4 90.
LADIES' KERSEY AND COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, regular price tlO 00; sale
price J4 90 each.
__t $3.90.
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, trimmed with braid and beads, collar, fronts and
around /bottom edged with thibet fur, worth J7 50; sale price J3 90 eaoh.
___ $"7 45.
LADIES* PLUSH CAPES, 24 and 27 inches long, good value for Jl2 50; sale price
i" 45 each.
LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS.
y __t SO Oents. * *
x LADIES' COLORED DRESS SKIRTS, made of fancy mixtures, former price t1 •23;
sale price 50 cents each.
__t $195.
LADIES' COLORED DRESS SKIRTS, made of fancy suiting, worth t3 00; sale
price Jl 95 each. . ' .
__t $395.
LADIES' FLOUNCE DRESS SKIRTS, of black and navy serge, regular price $5 00;
sale price J3 95 each.
CHILDREN'S REEFERS!
__t $i.oo.
CHILDREN'S REEFERS, made of mixed cheviot, worth $3 50; sale price tl 00
each.
LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS.
LriUlLo _ litiCK __VlrC 1 _>•
„_t 35 Oents.
LADIES' BLACK SATEEN UNDERSKIRTS, regular price tl 00; sale price- SS
cents each.
__.t 7'Q _"**<*"*'■__ t. /
LADIES' FANCY MOREEN UNDERSKIRTS, former price tl 50; sale price »W
cents each. '
LADIES' WRAPPERS.
__t 90 Oents.
55 dozen LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, regular price tl 80, will be
placed on sale at 90 cents each.
SPECIAL IN KID GLOVES.
-A-t 25 events a, Fair.
LADIES' 2-CLASP 4-BUTTON AND 8-BUTTON LENGTH SUEDE GLOVES, In
assorted colors and black (odd sizes), worth 75 cents and Jl 00 a pair, will be
closed out at 25 cents a pair.
-A ■_ _ > _ } __Je__ts a. _?____•
23 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP "HARVARD" PRIME LAMB GLOVES, colors and
black (sizes In black 5%, 6, 6% to 8), in colors (6*4 to 7*_), worth tl 00 a pair,
will be closed out at 60 cents a pair.
l/l/ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts^ /
\*w Kr San Francisco, /
GENERAL G. S. GREENE .
DIES OF OLD AGE
Served With Distinction in Many
/v* Battles During the Civil
War.
NEY YORK. Jan. General G. S.
Greene died of old age at Morristown, N.
J., at 1 o'clock this morning. He leaves
three son's— General Francis V. Greene,
G. J. Greene Jr. and Major Charles T.
Greene, U. S. A., retired.
General Greene was graduated at the
United States Military Academy at West
Point in 1823. He served in various gar
risons and as instructor at West Point !
until 1836, when he left the army and be
came a civil engineer, building many rail
roads. He entered the army in 1862 as
colonel of the Sixtieth New York Regi
ment, and was appointed brigadier gen
eral of volunteers April 28, 1562.
He commanded his brigade at Cedar
Mountain August 19, 1862, and was in com
mand of the second division of the One
Hundred and Twentieth Army Corps in
the battle of Antietam. At Gettysburg,
on the night of July 2, 1562, with a part of
his brigade, he held the right wing of the
Potomac at Culps Hill against more than
a division of Confederate troops, there
by averting a disaster. He was trans
ferred to the Western armies in Septem
ber, 1863, and in an engagement near
Chattanooga, October 28, . 1863, was dan
gerously wounded in the jaw. This wound
disabled him from active service until
January, 1565, when he rejoined Sher
man's army in' North Carolina and par
ticipated in the engagements preceding
Johnson's surrender.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, JAN. 28.
Parquet, any seat, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren, 10c, and seat. ■ -
RICE'S RAG-TIME OPERA.
"CLORINDY,"
30 PEOPLE 30.
WILSON AND LEICESTER, Operatio Come-
dians.
FOUR ARBRAS. Musical Acrobats.
MAX CINCINATI, Comic Juggler.
THREE AVOLOS. Xylophone Wonders.
GEORGE EVANS, Comedian.
JOHNNIE CARROLL AND ADIE CRAW-
FORD, in Comedy Skit. "Opening His Eyes."
Positively the Last Week of PAPINTA!
PAPINTA!
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
LAST FOUR PERFORMANCES.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
First Time at Popular Prices.
Messrs. Gottlob. Marx & Co. Present One of
Their Special California Theater
Attractions.
ARTHUR C. AILSTON'S EXCELLENT
COMPANY
In the Delightful Comedy-Drama,
TENNESSEE'S PARDNER.
No Advance in Prices for This Special En-
gagement.
PRICES ; .15c. 25c, 35c. 50c
MATINEES 15c and 25c
Seats Secured at Box Office and Emporium.
NEXT— Leavitt's Grand Spectacular Extrava-
ganza. ■
"SPIDER AND FLY."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY) AT 2.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— TIMES OF
-_ • *
MEN AND
WOMEN
By Belasco and De Mille.
' NEXT WEEK— SoI Smith Russell's Succese,
"PEACEFUL VALLEY/
r ___TJ3___ENTS.
! COLUMBIAN
POSITIVELY LAST THREE TIMEa
LAST 2 NIGHTS. MATINEE TO-DAT.
FRANK DANIELS
AND HIS COMIC OPERA COMPANY, !
In Smith & Herbert's Great Success. \
THE WIZARD
OF THE NILE.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY-LAST Will Of
. FRANK DANIELS.
"the idol's -I'VE."
Coming, JAMES-KIDDER-WARDE
IllllltfJjllll Matinee TO-DAY.
HOYT'S
"A CONTENTED WOMAN."
With Beautiful BELLE ARCHER at the Head
**" of a Strong: Cast. -* -,-•;■■■
:
EXTRA-NEXT MONDAYI
GEORGE H. BROADHURST'S
Latest Comedy Triumph,
"WHY SMITH £„_££_s?■ '
Yflll -iTlllll by the Favorite
LEFT HOME" Maclyn Arbackle.
SEATS NOW READY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor «a« Kg*.
' MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON AT _
THIS EVENING AT 8. *•
LAST TIMES - _-. .V
THE SUCCESSFUL COMIC OPERA.
The Wedding Day
PRESENTED WITH
THE BEST SINGING COMPANT _»
AMERICA.
NEXT WEEK—— ?
The Greatest of French Comlo Operas,
"__/_ PERICHOLE."
POPULAR PRICES Ke and Ma
N. B.— A reserved seat for the Matinee. Ke.
Our telephone. Bush 9. ■ ■
. i __a
CONCEBTS AND BESOBTfI.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting: 1898-99. beginning MONDAY,
Jan. 23, to SATURDAY. Feb. 4. inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAT.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp. . *
Ferry-boats leave San, Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting-
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— leave the Track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT, Secretary. v
,
• * jPHsS • •
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORIML
COMINO i
J^^Sf MADAME TERES A J^^l
C MADAME TERESA
arrenO
THE LIONESS OF THE PIANOFORTE.
Chlckering Piano Used. •
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
SPORTS AFIELD, AFLOAT AND ASHORE
TROUT AND STRIPED BASS.
Fishing in the Tide Waters of Paper-
Mill — Spooning for
Striped Bass.
The past week of exceedingly dry
weather has had a scorching effect on the
coast streams, which were running bank
high two weeks ago. The Papermill
I Creek has already a midsummer appear
ance, and the steelheads which ascended
the stream at the time of the flood are
. now either landlocked in the deep pools
or captured by the handlers of the pitch
fork, whose only enjoyment Is seemingly
spearing breeding fishes. Yesterday in
formation was received from Nicasio that
seven large steelheds were taken from
• one pool by a spearsman. Everything is
reported quiet on the Papermill, although
last Saturday three fish were speared in
the Lagunitas.
Lnst Saturday and Sunday a large dele
gation of midwinter anglers visited Point
Reyes, but they missed the first run and
returned home with empty baskets.
On Sunday morning Charley Breiden
stein ("Pinky") hooked a twelve "pound
er" at the rock hole, but through over
excitement and poor Judgment on the part
of the angler the fish got away with sev
eral yards of line. Charley Preeht, who
was an interested observer, was lecturing
' th( much disgusted angler on how to hold
a rod during critical moments, when he
was alarmed by the sudden click of a reel,
and, grasping his pole, he soon had
troubles of his own.
The reel sang out merrily, and "Pinky"
was wishing that the fish on the end of
. Preeht 's line would also find Its way
clear -of restraint, so that he could turn
the tables on the veteran stream whipper.
But Preeht was not to be fooled by the
mad rushes of a game fish, and after lit
teen or twenty minutes of fine sport he
landed his prize, and then discovered that
one of the books attached to his line had
accidentally caught in a loop of the leader
Which Breidenstein had lost, with the re
sult that he (Preeht) had killed, so to
speak, two birds with the one stone.
Among the anglers who caught more
water than fish were "Doc" Cox, O.
P. Evans, Frank Hall, Del Cooper, Frank
Vernon. John Slebe, John Schroeder,
"Handy Andy," Charles Linn, Louis
Javett; F. Dolliver, John Benn, J. Gal
lagher ar.d the only "June Bug" Walker.
"Doc" Watt fished on Saturday and land
ed a limb of a tree very successfully.
Walker also stuck fast in a branch on
Sunday and Frank Dolliver. by clever
marksmanship shot the limb from the tree
•and saved -Mr. Walker his imported Eng
lish leader. Messrs. Cooper and Jackson
landed some very large bullheads on Sat
urday night at the rock pool. A large
fish was hooked yesterday by Mr. Jack
son nt the White House.
Al dimming. M. Sachs and Eli Marks
have been fishing and shooting since Mon
day last on Salmon Creek. Cumming
shipped a ten-pound striped bass yester
day to Henry Skinner of _. T. Allen &
Co., and a letter which read that on Wed
nesday while trolling 'for steelheads he ac
. cldentally happened to cast into a deep
pool, which was literally alive with strip
ed bass. For an hour the sport was im
mense, but when the tide fell the, fish quit
feeding. Cumming landed nine bass, the
total weight of which was thirty-three
pounds, besides one ten-pounder, which,
as previously stated, he shipped to tills
city In good condition.
The successful angler used a small Wil
son inner with copper coloring on both
sides. The striped bass are now running
Into the lagoons for the. purpose of
spawning.
Morgan of Duncan's Mills caught a
thirty-pound striped bass in a seven and
a half inch mesh net last Monday in
Russian River, which stream* is yet too
high for trolling or bait fishing.
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers of the Fly Casting Club will be held
in the Mills building on Tuesday, Febru
ary 7. when arrangements will be perfect
ed for the coming season's fly casting
contests.
C. F. Griffiths, who is the fish and game
DR. SHEPPARD
A REMARKABLY
FAST NORSE
Lowered a Coast Rec
ord Galloping.
PILOTED BY CASH SLOAN
FAVORITES AGAIN TARE BADLY
AT OAKLAND.
Frank Jaubert at Last Scored Brack
etsStrongoli First Again.
Don't Skip Me Beaten
by Peixotto.
Fred Foster's crack five-year-old
horse. Dr. Sheppard, took time by the
fetlock and made it look like a selling
. plater at Oakland track yesterday. In
the mile and a sixteenth selling event the
big son of Buchanan, with 114 pounds on
his back, won all the way In runaway
fashion, covering the distance in I:4s'_, a
new coast record. He closed favorite in
the betting, and was followed in byDunois
and Satsuma. The performance far ex
ceeds in point of merit that of Redskin,
•• holder of the American record of 1:4.V .
made at Forsythe track on June 6, 18%,
as that horse carried but 86 pounds. Yes
terday's winner * was piloted by Cash
Sloan.
The weather and track were admirable
for racing purposes, and another large
crowd was in attendance. The favorites
continue to fall, as but two were able to
shake their fields off.
There was no beating Strongoll in the
opening sprint over the Futurity course.
Entered to be sold for $300, the big bay
.colt was a 1 to 2 chance, and won hands
• down from Whaleback. Campus was
third, in front of The. Fretter, second
choice. .:■ < i -:- -:
Barney Schreiber's mud-runner, Jerry
Hunt, was installed a lukewarm favorite
for the six furlong sprint that followed,
but could not hold out. After being badly
interfered with on the backstretch, H.
Martin astride Sir Urian ran around his
• field, and in a hard drive led Jennie Reld
out a nose. Genua finished third.
A change in riders worked wonders with
Frank Jaubert. Spencer rode The Bard
gelding in the mile selling run, and the
checks went down straight.
Strolling along leisurely in third place
until well into the stretch, Spencer then
•made his move, winning cleverly from
Judge Wofford. The, latter was undoubt
edyl best, but Johnny Re iff was tardy in
cutting loose. Master Lee, the favorite,
was outfooted from the start.
The original fourth race was declared
off, and a six furlong selling affair sub*
stituted. Meadow Lark again had first
call In the betting, and once more proved
a disappointment. Shasta Water, ridden
.by Thorpe, and 16 to 5 in the betting,
easily disposed of his company. Magnus
in a drive took the place from the
• favorite.
Tom Ryan's fast mare. Don't Skip Me,
Was the pick of the talent to win the
seven furlong dash that concluded the
. racing, ami though she made a bold bid
for it, failed to land. Peixotto, the chest
nut horse, with Spencer up, overhauled
Mldlight in the run through the stretch,
leading the first choice out a couple of
lengths in 1:26*..
Track Notes.
The racing firm of Farrar & Tubervllle yes
terday dissolved partnership.
The record for one mile and a sixteenth Is at
the mercy of Dr. Sheppard any time Fred
Foster cares to send his horse after it. Owners,
however, care little for records.
Jimmy Coffey, it Is said, told his friends to
| warden of Mendocino County, writes from
j Point Arena to the sporting editor that
I di_«»!K the present season the net fisher
i men of Point Arena have not shipped
j more than three boxes of steelheads to
j this city and that the fishes were caught
j in tide waters by nets that were of law
• ful dimensions. He further states that
' the game and fish laws are being observed
i and that he is keeping a close watch on
; all suspicious characters. The Call Is
i pleased to learn that the Rod and Gun
: Club of Point Arena has such a competent
; and faithful officer looking out for tho
interests of game and fish.
! LADY TENNIS PLAYERS.
Warm Weather Brings Them Out on
the California Courts Some
Good Matches.
The summer-like weather of the. past
week has brought many ladies out upon
the courts of the California Lawn Tennis
Club, especially in the forenoon. Among
the ladies who have been practicing dur
ing the past week were Miss Eisen, Miss
Lacy, Miss Elsie Clark, Miss Ruth
Foster, Miss Bessie Bowman, Miss E.
Hunter, Miss E. Chesebrough, Miss Mabel
Bacon, Miss C. Eekart, Miss Opal Pierce,
Miss Ada Clark, Miss Maud Bourn and
Miss Aronson. Miss Hunter and Miss
Eisen played together against the pro
fessor, and though they were beaten
they put up a strong game. It is prob
able that they will, constitute a team.
Though it is now some time since W. S.
McGavln was champion, he still plays a
keen game and holds his own against the
younger players, having beaten Arthur
Chesebrough, Harvey Walter and Buchly.
Ralph Bliven has been playing, and,
though he was entirely out of practice,
is rapidly regaining his old form. The
Whitney brothers came together twice
during the week. At the last meeting R.
N. Whitney defeated George F. Whitney
In three straight heats, but on the second
occasion George turned the tables and won
two out of three sets from Robert. Dr.
Root and George Bradshaw have played
against each other, with honors about
even. Mr. Blanchard, secretary of the
club, came out to the courts some days
ago and announced his intention of taking
up the game, again shortly.
On Wednesday, February 1, there will
be a ladies' tournament, doubles, for
which a good list of entries is expected.
To-day and to-morrow many players will
be out on the courts, though no special
event has been arranged.
Whitman, the champion of the United
States in singles, and Ware and Sheldon,
the champions of the United States in
doubles, are anxious to come out to Cali
fornia this year, and will do so If satis
factory arrangements can be made. As
the Eastern players are accustomed to
play on grass. It will take them a little
time to become used to asphalt courts,
but, as soon as they are In good form,
Callfornians will have a chance to
measure the local game with that of ac
knowledged masters. This is an oppor
tunity Californians have never had in
their own State, and only to a limited ex
tent outside of it.
■ ♦ ■
HE ESCAPED CONVICTION.
Officer Kenville Must Again Stand
Trial for Assaulting Willie
Lynch..
The jury impaneled to try Officer Frank
L. Kenville on a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon disagreed and was dis
charged yesterday at noon by Judge Cook.
Up to the last nine of the jurors de
cided that the accused officer should be
convicted of a charge of simple assault,
but three decided that he should be ac
quitted. Little Willie Lynch, who suffered
from a blow from the officer's club, will
n consequence be forced to again undergo
the ordeal of testifying when the case is
called for a second trial.
■ ♦ ■
Woman's work in the war by the
leaders, in next Sunday's Call.
lay it down good and thick ln the ring on
Bernardillo. They did and are now asking
how good a horse Dr. Sheppard Is.
Strongoll, it is said, will receive a "prep"
for the California Derby.
Joe Rom and several other books did not
think Bernardillo could win, for they plastered
him.
The Jim Bozeman people were out for a quiet
"killing." The gelding ran a smart race, but
could not last the distance.
The Follansbee Handicap, valued at $1230,
will be decided this afternoon.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Five furlongs; selling; three- !
year-olds and upward.
563 La Parasseuse.. 831 545 Eaklns 117
471 Goal Runner. ...lol 482 Bey Hooker 107
563 La Maruma 11l I 432 Sport McAll!sterl2o
273 Midas 120 443 Roadwarmer ...107
659 Clarando 102 571 Juva 89
437 Almoner 104 564 Master Buck.... 91
446 Defender 107 1 282 Espionage 104
Second Race— Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds.
552 'Fannie Mi 115.. .105 566 Champion Rose. llo
... ••Prestome 113 4.'.3 Stratonic 113
5(6 'Reg. Hughes. ..lo2 (563) Ella Boland 110
465 Infinity 98 1 566 Jennie Riley 98
566 Innovator 105 (566)" Lomond 113
5M Choteau 110|
'Murray stable.
••Burns _ Waterhouse stable.
Third Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward.
573 Dare II 1141 EN Limewater 94
573 Torsida 109|(573)HohenzoIlern ...114
Fourth Follansbee Handicap; $1250;
seven furlongs.
432 Libertine 119;(450)Maud Ferguson. ll3
637 Ballista 110 549 Mary Black 129
555 Rainier 951 516 Rose beau 95
(55 Rio Chico 100;(580)Rosormonde ....123
568 'Recreation 118 333 'Gauntlet 105
567 Horatio 115 ' 424 Saintly ..., 110
•Burns _ Waterhouse stable.
Fifth Race One mile; three-year-olds.
537 Survivor 115 j ".fit Senora Caesar... loo
SCS Sam McKeever.. llsl (47S)Miss Marion. ...llo
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: selling.
613 Zamar II 103: (561) O'Connell ....'...113
474 Don Luis 100 (578)Yaruba 85
... Silver State 1011 681 Amelia Fonso.. lol
567 Alicia 101 561 Sly 101
32 Montallade 103' 569 Nora Ives S3
355 Rio Chico 85 j 342 Chihuahua 100
336 R. de L.Angeles 98 1
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Goal Runner, Espionage, Juva.
Second Race— Murry stable, Ella Poland.
Third Race— Dare 11, Hohenzollern, Torsida.
Fourth Race— Maud Ferguson, Ballista,
Gauntlet. .
Fifth Race— Miss Marlon, 'Sam McKeever,
Survivor.
Sixth Race— O'Connell, Amelia Fonso, Sly.
New Orleans Races.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. Weather rainy;
track muddy. Results:
First race, selling, fix and a half furlongs—
Bill Powell won. Ned - Wiekes second, ■ Tophet
third. Time. 1:24%.
Second race, six furlongs— Alpine won, Sld
tllla second, Waslin third. Time. 1:16_.
Third race, selling, one and a sixteenth miles
—Wilson won, Oxnard second, Banquo II third.
Time, 1:57%.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and an eighth-
Double Dummy won. Muskadlne second, Bas
quil third. Time, 1:57*4.
Fifth race, selling, seven furlongs— Simon D
won. Governor Boyd second, Borden third.
Time. 1:31%. ,';, -, -.....:;
Sixth race, selling, one and a sixteenth miles
— Inflammator won, Sadie Levy second, Royal
Dance third. Time. 1:53
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Baseball at Recreation Park.
Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock the Ga
mossi Kids will cross bats with the Owls
at Recreation Park. This game was to
have been played last Sunday afternoon,
but the participants kindly gave way for
the Seattle benefit game. M. Murphy
has been chosen as umpire. The follow
ing is the line-up:
Gamossl Kids. Positions. Owls.
Fraser Catcher* ...Peralta
Harvie Pitcher Flegi«
Wilds First Base Fey
Eager... Second Base- Perrlne
Raymond.. ..Third Base ..Spencer
Collins Shortstop Bwasey
Merrill Left Field Le Fevre
J. Eber .....Center Field Freeman
M. Eber Right Fie1d. .......;.... .Kane
"Christian Science and Why I
Broke Away v From It," by Josephine
Curtis Woodbury, in next Sunday's
CalL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 28, •-■ 1 899.
DON'T WANT TIN MEDALS.
Oarsmen Dissatisfied With the Prizes
Awarded by the Pacific As
sociation.
For some time past there has been grow
ing among the amateur athletes, and es
pecially among the rowing men, of San
Francisco, a feeling of dissatisfaction
with the medals awarded as prizes at all
events held under the management of
the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union. The oarsmen say that
the practice of awarding medals as the
only prizes inures to the benefit of one
jeweler, who is a member of the board of
managers, and does not conduce to the
best interests of the sport. At the last
regatta of the Pacific Association held at
Long Bridge on November 6, 1&98, sev
eral of the competitors protested against
the award of medals. Dr. C. C. Dennis of
the South End Rowing Club, and formerly
outrigger skiff champion, suggested that
the winners should be allowed to choose
their prizes.
One of the board of managers of the Pa
cific Association took offense at this sug
gestion, and at a meeting of the board ex
pressed a desire that the doughty sculler
should be disciplined. No action, how
ever, was taken in the matter.
In a recent interview Dr. C. C. Dennis
said: "The rowing men are greatly In
terested in this question. They are put to
considerable expense for boats, oars, row
ing costumes and other necessary articles.
They go into training, practice regularly
and then sweat and row their hearts out to
provide a show for the spectators, and
what do they get in return? They get
what are commonly known as 'tin med
als,' which are never worn, except by
very young athletes, but are shoved away
Into a drawer or a cupboard. Of course,
the rules of the Amateur Athletic Union
do not permit athletes who wish to retain
their amateur standing to receive money
or clothing as prizes, but they may accept
silverware or articles of jewelry; in fact,
anything which can be engraved, and that
does not wear out. I do not see why the
board of managers should not give prize
winners orders upon a dealer in athletic
goods. Fred Ayers of the Alameda Boat
Club, who won the outrigger skiff cham
pionship at the last Long Bridge regatta,
feels just as I do about the matter, and
so, I am sure, do several others. I have
no doubt that I shall make myself unpop
ular in certain quarters by this expression
of opinion, but the matter should be ven
tilated, and some one must open his
mouth first. The feeling of dissatisfac
tion is by no means confined to myself,
but Is quite general among the rowing
men."
S. J. Pembroke, a well known oarsman
and a member of the board of managers
of the Pacific Association, on being asked
his opinion about medals as prizes for
rowing events, expressed himself thus;
"Medals are all right for championship
events, but at other regattas prizes of a
different character should be given. The
object of awarding medals is to do away
with the mercenary element, and to
award something which cannot be worn
out, but must be kept as a memento of
the victory. The rules of the Amateur
Athletic Union say that 'no prizes shall
be accepted by any athlete except suit
ably inscribed wreaths, diplomas, ban
ners, badges, medals, time-pieces and
mantel ornaments, or articles of Jewelry,
silverware, table or toilet service.' To
kens composed wholly or partly of metal
and bearing inscriptions may be awarded.
No prize should be given which can he
converted into money. Anything which
fairly admits of being engraved Is proper,
but it would be an evasion to affix an en
graved metal plate or shield to a sack of
flour or a case of bottled beer and award
it as a prize.
"Amateurs may not row for suits of
clothes, tons of coal or sides of bacon.
Men who want prizes of this sort are pro
fessionals in spirit and should become pro
fessionals in fact. They should make
matches with each other, put up their
money and get it covered. The amateur
is a man who engages in a sport for the
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Friday, Jan. 27, 1899.— Fortieth day of
the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
Q FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $330.
Index. Horse.
•ongoli 11
(031') Whaleback 11l
.'7l Campus 11'
S7l The Fretter 11'
571 Ann Page 10'
571 Ocorona 10'
Weight. '
St.
: 4
! i
3
i 5
I 1
JJ
him.
him.
1 1
3 1
2 3
Ml
6
5 hi
%m.
%m.
1 5
3 hi
2 1
4 1
6 1
6
%m.
Str.
1 4
6 2
2 h
3 M
6
4 h
Str.
Fin.
Fin. Jockeys.
1 ni Bullman
2 n (Spencer
S % E. Jones
4 2hi H. Martin....
5 5 W.H. Martin
6 iSnider
'-10
6
6
2
6
8
1-2
12
25
4
10
25
Time— To %, :21V4; to '*. :434; last %, 1:00%; short \, 1:10%. Winner, E. W. Purser's
br. c. by Imp. Stromboll-Flossy. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
S:r ngoll was> eased up at head oC stretch. Whaleba^k held the others safe. Weight
anchored The Frett<?r. Snider on Ocorona made an awful mess of It.
Scratched— Master Buck 114, San Augustine 112, Anchored 117, Odd Eyes 107.
KOO SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling-; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Indrx. Horse.
Weight.
him.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
H. Martin....
,T7l Sir Urian HI 4
(060) Jennie Reid 117: 5
539 Genua 117! 2
331 Faversham 122 3
524 Jerry Hunt 122 6
... Solstice 109 7
671 Napian 11l 1
*** .
4 h
6 1
3 hi
6 h
2 72
7
__M 4
3H
2 h
♦ hi
6 1
1%
7
5 1
2 h
1 2 .
3 h
4 hi
5 V*
6 h
1 ns
2 2
3 2
4 2
5 1
6 2
7
Bullman
C. Sloan
Spencer
5-2 7-2
5-2 7-2
6 16
6 4
4 16-3
8 60
4 20
Piggott
Rutter
Thorpe
Time— Vi, :24%; Jfc :49; %, 1:15. Winner A. M. Llnnell's eh. g. by Rio Bravo-Why Not.
Good start. Won first three driving.
Sir Urian was pounds the best. He was cut off on far turn, falling back to last position.
Genua finished gamely. Faversham was heavily played. Solstice was third into the
stretch and will bear watching.
Scratched— Malay 119, The Wooer 119.
tZQA. THIRD RACE— One mile;
upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Ape. Weight.
him.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
573 Frank Jauhert. 6...114 1
Ml Judge Wofford, 3. .101'
560 Q H. Ketcham, 5.. 114
44S Y<>loz. 5 121
r.CS Master Lee. 3 103
573 Jim Bozeman, 6 114
571 Diara, 3 I<*s
["2 Midlan. 4 112
1
! 7
I 3
IS
4
5
2 1
8
3 n
6 h
5 4
7 2
4 IV4
2 2
1 2
8
3\5
7 3
5 h
6 2
4 IK
2 1
1 Ihi
8
4 1
6 hi
5 U
7 25
3 h
2 4
1 4
8
3 %
6 1
7*
6 h
2 h
1 h
*
1 1
2 1
3 h
4 3
5 2
6 2
7
spencer
J. . Relff
C. Sloan
Thorpe
Bullman .....
J. Power
W. Narvaez..
3 16-5
6 13
6 7
8 12
£ 5-2
20 25
25 50
5-2 3
Plggott
•I'ulled up.
Time— hi. -5; H. :«%; %, 1:15%; mile, 1:41%. Winner. A. Shields* b. g. by Tho Bard-
Heel and Toe. Good start. Won first three driving.
The winner was superbly ridden. Judge WolTord was much the best. Veloz ran a
smashing good race. Master Lee found the company too fast. Midlan bled. Jim Boze-
man will win shortly.
Scratched— Nonchalance 117.
p-OK FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
him.
94 m.
Str.
Fin.
r.SI Sha-sta Water, s—l(5 — 1(
f,79 Magnus, 4 1<
r,77 Meadow Lark, 8....X
f>72 Colonel Dan, 4 l:
572 Rlcardo, a X
677 Don Gara, 6 l:
.164 Nonchalance, 5 l:
r.77 Melvin Burnham, 4.1:
2
I
1
4
5
8
6
7
2 2
3 h
4 hi
1 1
7 2
8
6%
6V4
2 2
3%
5 2
1%
4 1
7 2
6%
8
1 2
3 H
4 h
2 h
5 h
6 2
7 6
8
1 4
2 %
3 hi
4 1
5 h
6 2
7 10
8 I
inorpe
Bullman
Spencer
Plggott
E. Jones
('. Sloan
Hennessy ....
|E. Cochran...
S-5
5
3-2
6
3
10
It
SO
Time — %. :24%; hi, :49; %, l:l4Vi. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. m. by imp.
Maxim-Tyranny. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Shasta Water was highly charced. Thrown in with a trashy bunch, she won snickering.
Rlcardo has been slumbering for some time. Don Gara was interferred with by Nonchal-
ance.
erO/J FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
OODI purse, $4CO.
Index. Horse. Age. Wi
Std.
y«ni. ',4m. %m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
C. Sloan
H. Martin
! Jones
IPiggrott
ThniTio
<:>42) Dr. Sheppard, 5 11
(560) Dunois, 5 11'
5«2 Satsuma, a 11:
548 Imp. Mistral 11, 5. .11
454 Bernnrdillo, 5 I<X
(100) Ko Ko, a... 10!
5
6
I
2
1
4
1%
5 hi
111
2 hi
3 hi
■i 41
IS
6
5%
3*
2 hi
4 1
12
5h
4h
3 1
2 h
6
13
2 1
6 1
4 l i
3 hi
6
1 2
2 1
3 4
4 1
52
6
12Vi
2 4
3 10
4 4
5 4
6
2
2
4
15
4
13
jThorpe
Bullman
Time— l-16, :0«%; 5-16. :30%: 9-16. :55V4; 13-16. 1:2014; mile, l:39'i; 1 1-16 miles, 1:4514. Win-
ner. Fred Fosters b. h. by Buchanan-Voltine. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
The Doctor had his operating- clothes on. He could have amputated the world's rec-
ord. Dunois is a consistent performer. Too fast for Bernardino. He "dogged" It.
Scratched— Ml stleton 105, Topmast 111.
PZO'T SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm.
%m.
Str.
Pin.
Jockeys.
482 Petxotto, 6 107 7 6H 3 2 21 2y, 12 ISpencer 6
(:",) Don't Skip Me, 5. ..105 2 2 ,4 2h 34 33 2% H.Martin 5-2
561 Midllght, 5 105 1 11 IS 12 In 310 Flutter 3
(664) Fnrmella, 4 103 4 4h 4h 42 4V4 42 Bullman 10
... Olive, a 107 8 8 8 8 8 6 8 Snider 50
, r ,60 Whltcomb, 5 101 6 5h 61 61 72 61 Jones 3
Ml Highland Hall. 4. ...106 3 75 78 52 Eh 71 Beauchamp .. 15
67S Ed Gartland H, 4.. 101 5 3h Hi 7 4 gft 8 W. H. Martin 3
Time-%. -J2K; %. :36%; %. l:01U; %. 1:26 U. Winner, J. J. Coulter & Co.'s eh. g.
imp. Brutus-lmp. Kelpie. Poor start. Won first three driving.
Petxotto was reported "short." but ran the race of his career. Mldllght was sent al
too fart. Jones, on Whiteomb. tried a full masse and missed. Highland Ball waß tanj
up at the start. Ed Gartland was only a book-mark.
Scratched— Carrie U 100, Howard 107, Robert Bonner 102, Free Lady 103,
7
2
1
4
8
6
3
5
■.6%V
■2%
11
4 h
8
Eh
7 5
3 h
3 2
2 h
1 3
, 4 h
8
6 1
7 8
C %
2 1
3 4
1 2
4 2
8
6 1
B 2
7 4
2 %
3 3
1 h
4 hi
8
7 2
5 h
6%
1 2
2%
3 10
4 2
6 3
6 1
7 1
8
pencer
[. Martin
;utter
ullman
6
5-2 1
3
10
50
I
3
nider
nnes
leauchamp ..
'. H.
love of It. not as a means of gain. Inci
dentally he likes to beat others and to
win mementos of his victory, but he does
not regard his skill as a means of making
or eking out a livelihood. The man who
is eager to barter his skill in an athletic
exercise or game for money or useful per
ishable articles is a professional, and
should not pose as an amateur. The
spirit of the amateur is not in him."
Now that "Bob" McArthur has been
chosen as one of the board of managers
of the Pacific Association some lively and
exciting meetings of that body may be
expected, and among the questions that
will arouse discussion, this very one of
medal-giving is sure to take an important
place.
• » ■
WITH OAR AND SHELL.
Rawing Clubs Are Arranging Events
to Make the Summer Season
Interesting.
The float of the South End Rowing Club
was so seriously damaged by the recent
storm- that most of last Sunday was spent
In putting it into partial repair, so that,
favorable as the day was for rowing, it
was not possible for any of the members
to go out on the water until quite late.
There was a large attendance at the boat
house, and considerable work was done
on the handball court, which Is expected
.to be ready for use about the first of
March. V^i;;
At the meeting on Tuesday night it was
decided to row over in the Whitehall to
Alameda at some early date, probably to
morrow, and bring back to this side of
the bay the barge Felton, which has been
put into thorough repair by Al Rogers.
Robert McArthur was elected to serve on
the board of managers of the Pacific As
sociation of the Amateur Athletic Union
and consented to act; so that lively times
may be expected at the meetings of the
association. The South End oarsmen
think that too many regattas were held
last year, and that three good events—
that is, two at El Campo and one on the
4th of July, in addition to the regattas of
the various clubs— are enough. The South
End oarsmen are anxious to send a crew
up to the Astoria regatta this year, and
for that reason wish the club to get a
new barge. - T. I. Fitzpatrick, E. Scully
and J. ODea were appointed a committee
to devise means for raising enough money
to cover the cost of having a new barge
built. The club proposes to hold its an
nual banquet in a short time. The regu
lar annual picnic will be given, and T. I.
Fitzpatrick, E. Scully and J. Foley have
been appointed a committee to select the
grounds and make arrangements for the
outing.
The handsomest and most commodious
boating quarters on the bay are those of
the Dolphin Club, which on fine Sundays
are crowded with members. Last Sun
day all the boats were out, some going
to Fort Point and others to the Japanese
steamer Nippon Maru. A. W. Pape, W.
O. Patch and T. R. Keonan went out in
skiffs. The Dolphins have decided to de
fer their Ladles day until the summer.
They intend to give a thoroughly good
entertainment, with as many novel and
diverting aquatic features as they can de
vise or discover. Captain Pape has sent
out communications, requesting likely
candidates for places in the crews to come
down to the boathouse for practice. It
has been settled that George Baker win
take Victor Cagllerl's place in the inter
mediate barge crew. At the last Ladies'
day given by the Dolphins one of the most
interesting events was the barge race be
tween the Irish and German crews. This
year an Italian crew will be added. Much
interest is felt among the members as to
the result of the race. „
■ ♦ ■
In the Divorce Courts.
Ella Hartnup was granted a divorce
from William A. Hartnup yesterday on
the grounds of willful neglect and failure
to provide. The plaintiff was allowed to
resume her maiden name, Ella Howell.
Mattie Shepherd has sued Charles Shep
herd for a divorce, alleging cruelty as a I
cause of action.
THE YACHTING SEASON.
The California Yacht Club First to
Announce Its Official Programme
for the Year.
The first sailing race of the season of
1599 will take place to-morrow, January
29, on Oakland Creek, starting at 1 p. m.
from .point near Sessions Basin. This
race, which will be over* a seven-mile
course, was deferred from January 15,
when the weather was unfavorable. The
committee in charge of the Oakland Navy
consists of Vice Commodore H. C. Hinck
ley of the Oakland Canoe Club., Charles
Stewart, Jules Hartman and Charles L.
Taylor Jr. There will be a race each
month during the season, that of Febru
ary being set for the 12th. *
The election of officers of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club f0r. 1899 will take place
on Wednesday evening, February 8, when*
it is expected that the regular ticket will
bo carried. There is some talk of an op
position ticket, but it is by no means cer
tain that one will be prepared. Dr. A. W.
McKenzie, the port captain of last sea
son, has parted with' the launch Alberta
and become owner of the 'handsome sloop
Sappho, which last season carried the flag
of Vice Commodore George B. Edgar of
the Californias, and which in 1897 was
owned by Herbert E. Law, commodore of
the Pacific Yacht Club.
At the annual meeting of the Corinthian
Yacht Club the regular ticket was elected
unanimously. The commodore's report
for the season of 1898 was full and inter
esting, a reference to men who received
the benefits of the club without contrib
uting to its support being particularly
well received. The Corinthians now have
accommodation for small boats for some
time to come, but the number of lockers
is insufficient, and will be Increased as
funds permit. It Is possible that tho
Night in Venice, which was so success
fully given in the cove some years ago,
may be repeated during 1899.
At the annual meeting of the Oakland
Canoe Club there was a large attendance
of members. The club is in a flourishing
condition, having received many more
applications for membership than it could
accept. The following officers were chosen
for the season of 1899: Philip Caduc, com
modore; H. C. Hinckley, vice commodore;
Charles Stewart, secretary and treasurer;
Clyde D. Carman and Dr. S. H. Hackett,
committee on applications for member
ship.
The California Yacht Club is manifest
ing renewed activity. At its last meeting
eleven new members were elected, and
several more applications for membership
are in the hands of members. Ex-Com
modore E. A. yon Schmidt, one of the
founders of the club, was placed on the
honorary list, in recognition of his many
services to the club. It is not unlikely
that the office of admiral will be abol
ished. The Californias are the first to
have their programme of events for the
coming season ready. It is as follows:
California Yacht Club official pro
gramme, 1899:
Saturday, April 22— Opening daj-. Sunday,
April Cruise in squadron. Saturday and
Sunday, April 29 and 30— Open. Saturday, May
6— Open. Sunday, May 7— Cruise in channel.
Saturday, May 13— Cruise to Quarry Cove. Sun
day, May 14— Return, squadron sailing. Satur
day and Sunday, May 20 and 21— Open. Satur
day and Sunday, May 27 and 28— Open. Tues
day, May Annual class flag regatta. Sat
urday and Sunday, June 3 and 4— Open. Sat
urday and Sunday, June 10 and 11— Open. Sat
urday and Sunday, June 17 and IS— Open. Sat
urday, June Annual cruise up river. Sun
day, June Return of escorting yachts. Sat
urday, July I— Return from" cruise. Sunday,
July Open. Tuesday, July 4— Annual cruise
of Pacific Interclub Yacht Association. Sat
urday and Sunday, July 8 and 9 Open. Satur
day. July 15— Open. Sunday, July 16— Annual
Wallace trophy regatta. Saturday, July 22—
Ladies' cruise to McNear's. Sunday, July 23 —
Clam bake and return, I under orders of vice
commodore. Saturday, July 29 — Under orders
of vice commodore. Sunday, July Under
orders of vice commodore. Saturday and Sun
day, August 5 and — Open. Saturday and Sun
day, August 12 and — Open. Saturday, August
Cruise to Vallejo. Sunday, August Re
turn from Vallejo. Saturday and Sunday, Au
GOLF IS BOOMING.
An Outdoor Pastime Which Will At-
tract Large Gatherings This
Season.
The popularity of golf and the number
of links are constantly growing. For ex
ample, in Riverside, besides several priv
ate links, there are two golf clubs— the
Riverside Polo and Golf Club, of which
M. E. Flowers Is secretary, and the Pa
chappa Golf Club, of which Perrln B.
White is secretary. The, Pachappa Golf
Club was organized in November last and
already has seventy-eight members. It
has a nine-hole course, the distances be
ing 285, 450, 270, 255, 275, 200, 300, 205 and 210
yards; total, 2480 yards. The club has no
home as yet, and therefore will not hold
any open tournaments this season; btft
a programme containing fifteen events
has been prepared for members— ten of
these events being for gentlemen j and five
for ladies. The first of a series of five
tournaments for gentlemen- against Col
onel Bogey was held on January 28, and
others will, be held on February 22, March
23, April 20 and May 18. Tournaments in
medal play for gentlemen will be held on
February 9, March 9, April 6 and May 4.
Those who take first or second place In
these contests will be entitled to compete
in the tenth tournament, match play, on
May 30, for a silver cup.
Tournaments, medal play, for the ladies
of the Pachappa Golf Club, will be held
on February 2, March 2, March 30 and
April 27. The fifth tournament will be at
match play and will take place on May 25.
In Southern California golf enjoys a
greater vogue and attracts even more in
terest than in Central California. The
clubs at Riverside have already been men
tioned. There is also a flourishing club
at Santa Catalina. The links of the Santa
Catalina Island Golf Club are among the
most beautiful and picturesque in the
country. They are situated behind Ava
lon ln a great amphitheater of hills, from
the tops of which many canyons, like
streams of verdure, run down to the
course. The club house stands on a lit
tle mesa overlooking the links, and near
it is the first teeing ground. The distance
to the first green is 210 yards. The green
is named Santa Cruz, and is on the fur
ther side of a canyon beneath the hills.
The bogey score is four. The second hole,
San Miguel, is 178 yards away, and is
protected by a high wire bunker that runs
across the whole width of the course. The
bogey score is three. The third teeing
ground Is in the entrance to a little can
yon filled with trees, which winds away
up to the summit of the ridge. The drive
is up the steep face of a cliff, which is
forty feet high, and constitutes the most
difficult bunker on the course. Having
negotiated the cliff, the player climbs up
the canyon and finds himself on a mesa
on the south side of Grand Canyon— a
beautiful, well-grassed spot, surrounded
on every side by green hills and gulches.
To the eastward the blue waters of the
bay of Avalon are visible. The distance
to this hole, San Nicholas, Is 238 yards,
and the bogey score is four. The fourth
hole, Santa Catalina, is 280 yards away,
and, if the player succeeds In making a
good drive across a deep ravine, should
be . done in four strokes. , He is now on
the top of a little mesa surrounded by
hills. Descending, he crosses a canyon
by a rustic bridge and drives his ball
down the sloping little mesa to San Clem
ente, tho bogey score being three. The
sixth teeing ground ■ stands on the edge
of the mesa, high above the main can
yon. Two hundred and thirty yards dis
tant is the sixth hole, Anacapa, with a
"wash" Intervening as a hazard. The
bogey score is four. The seventh green,
Santa Rosa, though only a hundred yards
away, is not visible, for between It and
the player is a high bunker. But if the
ball Is well played it will land on the
green directly. behind the club house and
be holed in three strokes. . Thence the
course goes up a mesa skirting a deep
canyon. The distance to Santa Barbara,
the eighth hole, being 230 yards and the
bogey score four. The view from these
greens is delightful, the course following
the level canyon and mesa, and yet being
surrounded by mountains. \
After leaving Santa Barbara the player
walks over a little divide, crosses a can
yon by a bridge, and finds the ninth
teeing-ground on a small mesa facing the
clubhouse; the , distance to Guadalupe,
the home green, is 185 yards, and many
players have driven the ball right on to
it. It is but a few yards from the well
equipped clubhouse, which is surrounded
by a wide piazza and a pretty , garden.
The total distance of the course Is 1818
yards, and the total bogey. score Is" 32;
the record score Is 35 (being four each for
the first eight holes, and three for the last
one), and was made by Franc O. Wood
of Colorado Springs, Colo. '
The Santa* Catalina ' Qplf. Club is pre
gust 26 and Open.. Saturday, September 2—
Ladies' cruise to Marin Islands. Sunday, Sep
tember 3— Cruise in squadron. Monday, Sep
tember 4— Cruise in squadron. Saturday. Sep
tember Annual regatta of Pacific Interclub
Association. Sunday. September Open. Sat
urday and Sunday, September 16 and Open.
Saturday, September 23— Cruise and clam bake
(stag), Sunday. September 24— Return from
cruise. Saturday, September 30, and Sunday,
October Open. Saturday, October Cruise
to Paradise Cove. Sunday. October Return
from Cruise. Saturday and Sunday. October 14
and 15— Open. Saturday, October 21— Cruise to
Tiburon. Sunday, October Return, squad
ron sailing. Saturday. October 28— Closing day.
Sunday. October Last cruise in squadron.
It will be observed that in this programme only
one regatta is set for a Sunday— the Wallace
trophy regatta, on July 16.
WILD DUCKS INNUMERABLE.
Richardson Bay Is Now the Favor
ite Lounging Place for Canvas
back and Bluebiils.
The game shooting season' Is fast draw
ing to a close, still sportsmen have been
enjoying good duck shooting at differ
ent points along the Sacramento River
recently. The best sport is now in the
possession of hunters who reside in the
vicinity of Colusa. In the tules which
are within easy reach of the sports
men of Colusa wild ducks are exceedingly
plentiful, and records of 100 birds to a
gun have been mad© in the past few
weeks.
John Kerrigan and Mr. Dormer had a
very successful quail shoot last Thursaay
In the hills east of Hamlet Station,
which is on the line of the North Pacific
Railroad.
Thomas Walsh, Dr. Robinson, Dr. Mur
phy and Archie McDonald enjoyed some
flrst-class duck and snipe shooting last
week near Byron. They Intend paying the
hunting grounds a second visit in a few
days. ";?.'.'
Countless thousands of canvasback and
blueblll ducks are now 'camped" on the
placid waters of Richardson Bay, and it
Is said that some of the enterprising net
fishermen have been devoting their at
tention to the capture of the birds, which
sell for far better prices than bay fishes
command.
Tom Irvine of Point Reyes bagged
three dozen canvasback on Wednes
day last on a lagoon which empties into
Tomales Bay.
Tom Casey, "the old man of the moun
tains," whose headquarters aro on the
water front, has purchased a cunning
little French poodle-dog from a lady
friend. The old man is still fond of chas
ing game when it is easily bagged. He
contends that he can train the poodle
for the kind of hunting he desires most,
which must, however, he softer exercise
than that of hill-climbing. For a man of
his years— sixty-five— is an ex
tremely vigorous old chap, and his friends
say that he can tramp as many miles af
ter game to-day as he was capable of
tramping forty years ago. Casey is a
stanch member of the Veteran Firemen's
Association, and several years ago he was
considered a very good amateur quail
shooter.
THE FAST SWIMMERS.
Athletes Who Will Figure in. the
Aquatic Contests to Be Held
at Sutro Baths.
The following swimmers and divers
have entered the aquatic contests which
will be held at Sutro Baths on Sunday:.
Fifty-yard dash, novice — J. O'Brien, XV. En
right, W. Armacc-t, L. Harper. P. McCarthy,
E. Lynch, XV. Adams, F. Moody, XV. Boyle.
100-yard dash, juvenile— O. Schultz, O. Bey
fuss, "G. Freeth, D. Harris, W. Dawßett, E.
Kipp.
Obstacle race, through small tanks— See
bach, D. Harris. J. Bevlns, H. Dougherty, A.
Hay, E. Kipp. B. Berry.
" Trick and fancy springboard diving, for ju
veniles— McCann, E. Lynch, O. Beyfuss, W.
Armacost, C. Lynch, O. Schultze, W. Enrlght,
XV. Boyle, W. Adams, J. O'Brien, F. Moody,
L. Harper.
Trapeze and high diving— A. J. Baker, R. B.
Cornell, O. Schultz, F. Rajrmous, C. Donovan.
paring an open tournament, for amateurs,
the principal events of which will be a
handicap competition for gentlemen, med
al play, 36 holes; a handicap competition
for ladles, at 18 holes, medal play; a driv
ing contest for gentlemen, and also for
ladies; and a contest for gentlemen in
approaching and putting. Further details
will be oublished later. • t
The directors of the Oakland Golf Club
have arranged the following schedule of
events for the next three months:
Saturday, February Tournament for Tlb
betts cup. . Saturday, | February • 11— Fourth
tournament for ladies' cup. Saturday, Febru
ary IS— Mixed foursomes for club members.
Saturday, February 25— Open competition with
handicap. Saturday, March 4— Men's foursomes
for club medals. Saturday, March 11—Handi
cap, match play, for silver cup. Saturday,
March Putting and approaching contests for
ladles and gentlemen, for silver medal. Satur
day, March 25— Ladles' handicap, match play.
Saturday, April I— San Francis*} Golf Club
versus Oakland Golf Club, on Oakland links.
Saturday, April San Francisco Golf Cluv
versus Oakland Golf Club, on Presidio links.
Saturday, April 15— Tournament for ladles"
cup. Saturday, April 22— Tournament for Cap
tain's cup. Saturday, May 6— Final tournament
for Tlbbetts cup. ■';.,:-
Eight men are at work upon the Oakland
links, rolling, bunker-making and other
wise improving the course. Water is to
be piped to all the greens, which will
be made in the shape of the figure 8, with
a hole In the center of each loop; thus
when the turf around one hole is worn,
the hole in the other loop can be used.
The event set down on the programme
of the San Francisco Golf Club for to
day is mixed foursomes, 18 holes, with
handicap, the event having been moved
forward from Tuesday, January 24.
WILL POSTPONE THE RACE.
Twenty-Five Mile Cycle Event to Be
Held in March.
The board of governors of the California
Associated Cycling Clubs will probably
change the date of this year's annual
twenty-five-mile road race at their next
meeting. This classic event has been
held on Washington's birthday, February
22, for years past. This year, however,
the club riders are all in active training
for short-distance races at San Jose and
the coming tournament here, and none of
them will be In shape for a twenty-five
mile road grind. It was therefore
thought best to put the race over a month
and it will be held the latter part of
March.
"Jimmy" Michael has started training
at the Olympic Club. He is doing no rid
ing, but works four hours a day as hard
as any pugilist, with weights, dumb bells
and similar devices. . His wheeling will
be done in thejpark.
Eddie Bald started light training yes
terday, and will soon be ln good shape.
Bald only intends to ride in exhibitions
here. He will not race .until he gets to
France in April.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen are plan
ning a banquet to Michael and Bald, to
be held in the near future. The Garden
City Wheelmen of San Jose and the Bay
City Wheelmen of this city are also ar
ranging some functions in their honor.
Bald will be the guest of honor at the
Bay City's fourteenth anniversary ball
to be held at the Palace Hotel on Wednes
day evening, February 8. This affair is
for members and their friends, and invi
tations may be had from any of the mem
bers.
The races of the Garden City Wheel
men at San Jose to-morrow will draw a
large crowd from this city, who will go
down on the 9 and 10:40 a. m. trains.
Most of the Eastern riders now here will
be there.
»♦ ■ — 'c- —
f * pf) -. .ii; . p,r i* *■- - "
EOT) _w_ x_R GETS IN TROUBLE.
French Cycler Could Not Cross the
Ferry With His Wheel.
Henry. Fournier, the celebrated French
cycle racer who arrived here Wednesday
night with a large party of Eastern rac
ing men, got In trouble yesterday morn
ing at the ferry and came near going to
the lock-up. It seems that "Henri," in
Shall Porto Rico Be a State f
Our public men are trying to decide what
action ' should be taken regarding the status
of Porto Rico. We have never before had to
deal with a similar condition where nearly
a million people of a foreign tongue have
been annexed. Neither have we ever had be
fore such a reliable * medicine for malaria,
fever. and ague as Hostetter's Stomach Bitters
It drives the , poisons ; out of the system and
establishes strength to resist Xuturo altftcks,
BANNER COURSING EVENT.
Ninety Fleet Greyhounds • Will Scat
ter Grass at Ingleside
Park To-Day.
With a continuation of the present
warm and pleasant weather there should
be the grandest sport Imaginable* to-day
and to-morrow at the Ingleside Coursing
Park. r2'y! ': r
True, the stake is much larger than tha
managers of the park had anticipated,
but the requests for a place on the pro
gramme for this dog and that dog were
so numerous that Count yon Halpin was
unable to muster up sufficient courage to
call a halt on dogs that were entered lata
by owners who had been stanch support
ers of Ingleslde Park since its inaugura
tion.
Ninety-one dogs is assuredly a very
large number, and when it is considered
that to balance accounts properly forty
five courses must be run off to-day, then
it will be seen at a glance that very little
delay must occur between the slipping of
pairs, otherwise the finals will be run
under cover of darkness.
But, then, the Troja,ns of Ingleside Park
have had such a lengthy experience in
matters coursing that they can figure to
the minute when the last brace of dogs
will enter the slips.
The fact that seventy-two all-age doga
will be handled by Slipper Jim Grace in
the run down and then nineteen saplings
of high degree to follow, is in itself suf
ficient evidence to prove to the most ar
dent admirer of the sport that the peopla
who own good dogs are desirous that thelij
charges must run at Ingleside Park.
There Is an old saying that "a new
broom sweeps clean," but the adage does
not apply to Ingleslde, for the simple
reason that ever since John Grace haa
been in the saddle the Ingleslde Park haa
made a clean sweep of everything that
opposed it from a coursing standpoint,
and doubtless it will enjoy prosperity for
many moons.
The gatherings of true sport lovers at
Ingleside Park on coursing days have;
been noticeably increasing during the past
few months purely because the sport Is
clean in every respect, and the park la
within easy access of leashmen who re
side In the city. , _■ ", : -_
Seven thousand people witnessed last
Sunday what certainly proved to be tha
grandest and most interesting coursing
the sportsmen of San Francisco have ever
had the pleasure of seeing in an Inclosed
park. The hares were on their mettla
and, indeed, the dogs were also in condi
tion to travel long distances.
Especial preparations have been mada
to receive a large crowd to-day, which
should be the banner day in the history
of coursing in this State. The points
made by the contesting dogs in each
course will figure on the big blackboard
Immediately after the flag goes up. This
is an innovation which has been wel
comed by many visitors who have quick
ly recognized the fact that Ingleside Park
coursing is run solely for the pleasure
of spectators and not in the Interest of
gain. iJ -;^
Ames Had Another Wife.
Tessie Ames, who on September 7, 189?,
married George Spencer Ames, was grant
ed judgment yesterday annulling the mar
riage contract. The plaintiff averred that
Ames had another wife when she mar- ,
ried him. Ames joined issues, in which ha
admitted in a matter of fact way that
the plaintiff's contention was true. Tha
court therefore annulled the marriage and
granted the plaintiff permission to resume
her maiden name, Tessle Skelly.
Death of James F. Miller.
James F. Miller Jr., son of Pilot James
Miller, died last Thursday evening of
consumption after a lingering illness. He
had acted as first and second officer for
the John D. Spreckel3 ' Bros. Company
and for the Alaska Transportation Com
pany.
addition to the speed which he can de
velop on a wheel by means of- his own
pedal extremities, has a , gasoline tricy
cle, which has heretofore been called by
the Eastern papers a "petroleum tan
dem," although why it Is hard to under
stand, as the terms represent .two en
tirely different machines.
Fournier's tricycle Is a marvelous
wheel. Seated upon it, without any ex
ertion on his part, he can reel «ff a hun
dred miles at a two-minute clip and en-
Joy his cigar at the same time. It is val
uable for both road and track use.
Yesterday morning the doughty French
man thought he would try the country
roads hereabouts for a little "century"
spin before lunch, and, learning that the
road to San Jose on this side of the bay
was muddy, betook himself to the ferry,
Intending to ride down on the Oakland
side. But the Southern Pacific officials
would not have it so. His vehicle was
in direct competition with their train busi
ness, and, furthermore, it is against the
rules to take gasoline aboard the ferries
in any form. •• ,-• v
Fournier does not speak or understand
English well, and protested in vain
against what he thought was their en
deavor to extort a large sum of money
from him for transporting his vehicle
across the bay. He was about to pay
the toll, however, when it dawned upon
him that he could not go over for any
amount of money. Then he hurled French
adjectives and invectives at the gatekeep
ers until he got tired, and finally rode
back to his hotel a much disgusted Gaul.
Fournier has had his wheel out in tne
park a couple of times since he arrived
here, and the police have offered no ob
jection, saying that it is no more liable
to scare horses than any other kind of a,
bicycle.
"Hall Columbia" was written in 1798 by
Joseph Hopkinson (1770-1842), vice presi
dent of the American Philosophical So
ciety, and president of the Pennsylvania
Academy of Fine Arts.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
o©oooo©oo©ooo©©©oooooe
{Want a j
Bicycle?
• ____________-——-• ■ ©
o » __= . ©
• ©
g This is the time of the year 9
J when people begin to talk ?
£ bicycle. Are you going to 2
9 buy one? If so, we sell the 2
% most popular wheels in £
• America. A
© O
• CLEVELANDS...S 40 and $50 ©
{ CRESCENTS— 2
© Juveniles $25 ©
• Chain Models $35 ©
• Chainless Models $60
J ENSIGNS $25 and $35 J
• ~ ©
• LEAVITT & BILL, ©
• 309 Larkin Street . . City. ©
.©2O San Pablo Aye., Oakland .•
©©••©©©©©•©©ooooooooo©
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SAPLING STAKE—
TWENTY ENTRIES. i 1 I |I?._
OPEN STAKE-
SEVENTY- ENTRIES. I" rr T.
JOHN GRACE, Judge.
JAMES GRACE, Slipper.
" Take a Mission-street car and It will land
you at the gates.
ADMISSION, 25c; LADIES, FREB.SMEDBERG MAY
BE GIVEN GEN.
PEELER'S PLACE
Gage Seeks an Adju
tant General.
WANTS A TRAINED SOLDIER
MUCH TO DO IN REORGANIZING
THE NATIONAL GUARD.
The Governor Confers With the Col
onel Regarding Military Leg
islation Pending A De
sirable Office.
Ono of the most desirable places at the
Jlsposal of the Governor is that of adju
tant general of the State troops, with a
salary of $3000 a year attached, in addition
to the accompanying gold lace and brass
button?. Ever since the election of Gov
ernor Gage there has been an active
scramble for the position now held by
General Peeler, and almost every, county
In the State has at least one man who
looks longingly upon the coveted office.
Among the San Franciscans who have
been prominently talked of in connection
with the adjutant generalcy are Colonel
George Stone and J. C. Currier, but it has
been the genera! impression that the ad
jutant general would come from the
south.
it would appear that this impression Is
all wrong and that San Francisco is like
ly to get the place after all, and Colonel
William R. Smedberg's appointment is
hot among the improbabilities.
Governor Gage has evidenly reached the
conclusion that he ought to solicit the
views of leading military men on the sub
ject of National Guard reorganization.
Colonel W. R. Smedberg.
Yesterday Colonel Smedberg went to Sac
ramento and while there met the com
mander in chief and was invited to sub
mit his opinion as to the merits of. the
pending military legislation.
It is known that Governor Gage has
been looking over the field of aspirants
for the office of adjutant general, and
there Is an impression that he has had
Borne difficulty in rinding Just the right
man for the place. The report goes that
Colonel Smedberg's military record and
tils high standing as a citizen directed the
Governor's thoughts to him as an accept
able chief of staff.
Colonel Smedberg's appointment to the
office would not be surprising, in view of
the fact that the services of a trained and
thoroughly competent veteran officer are
needed to assist the Governor in the re
organization of the National Guard.
THE LABOR COUNCIL.
Officers Elected for the Next Term
. and Many New Delegates Seated.
The San Francisco Labor Council last
night elected the following officers for the
ensuing six months: Mose Davis, presi
dent; J. W. Lamont, vice president; Ed
Rosenberg, recording secretary; E. L.
Clapp, financial secretary; Ernest Koenig,
treasurer; J. J. Powers, sergeant at arms;
trustees, W. Macarthur, J. W. Lamont,
Philip Davis; executive committee, J. F. I
McAuliffe, Walter Goff, J. K. Phillips,
Ernest Koenig, E. L. Clapp, P. Davis, J.
Halk; organizing committee, Ed Rosen
berg, J. W. Lamont. M. Monahon, J. F.
McAuliffe, W. G. Rusk; law and legisla
tive committee, W. Macarthur, Charles
Schuppert, J. K. Phillips, P. Davis, W.
Lamont.
New delegates were received as fol
lows: Sailors' Union. C. Jortall, Frank
Johnson; Carpenters' Union No. 483, Wal
ter Goff; Glass Blowers' Union, Louis
Benderwald, G. H. Hebrank.
Letters were received from Senator
Perkins and Congressmen Loud and Hil
born stating that they were in sympathy
with the council's action in opposing the
abolition of the postal savings bank sys
tem in Hawaii, and would do all in their
power to have It retained.
The delegate from the Musicians' Un
ion reported that a new union known as
the Pacific Coast Musicians' Society,
which has just applied for letters of in
corporation, is composed of men expelled
from the old union for violation of its
rules, and requested that no recognition
i" given it.
On motion of Mr. McAuliffe, the law and
legislative committee was instructed to
use all means within its power to pre
vent any more machinery being intro
duced into the State prisons. A bill is
now before the Legislature providing for
the purchase of nail-making machines for
Folsom and San Quentin, and this will
receive the first attention of the commit
tee.
This Week's Wasp.
'. This week's Wasp contains several new
■ and bright features besides the regular
departments. The front page cartoon, |
. "The Sower," is a timely hit at the way
Colonel Mazuma seems to be scattering
the dollars at Sacramento. An Inside
.'page cartoon depicts the proprietor of a j
local yellow journal in the act of peddling I
a brand of soap, not wanted by- Uncle
Sam, who Is washing his army linen.
' Pungent verses throughout the paper re
fer wittily to the situation at the Capitol,
and a full page Illustrated poem describes
the "Millionaire's Ride" at Ingleslde.
. "Reuben's Boomerang Prayer," with col
ored Illustrations, tells of the farmers'
plight at the recent rains, and a short
btory by J. Allen Wheat relates an Inci
pient In New York Society. The depart- j
ments are bright and ably written. The
• theaters are commented upon in humor
ous manner by Touchstone. Teresa Doane
contributes local stories in Social Side
Lights. "The Wasp School of Yellow
Journalism" presents Mr. Wllbc A. Good
liar's ideas on how to handle a murder
' mystery, and the musical events of the
' week are commented upon entertainingly
•by R. A. Lucehesl. Sketches and beautiful
• half-tones of local Interest Illuminate the
pages of the Wasp. .-■
Cathedral Council's Ball.
The second annual ball to be given by
Cathedral Council, Y. M. 1., on Friday
evening, February 10, at Native Sons'
Hall, bids fair to excel the last year's suc
cess of this council. The members In
charge of the arrangements are Fred E.
Farmer, William P. Humphrey, Dan C.
Deafly, H. Byrnes. P. F. Fanrell, A. W.
Hard. Thomas Ryan. XV. A. Hoffman,
L. A. Kelly and C. J. Auger.
Woman's work in the war by the
••>*«ders, in next Sunday's CaU.
WHY CULBERT
SMILES AGAIN
Will Not Have to "Pad" His
Expense Account This
Trip.
posing conspicuously on the seat.
Culbert sauntered up and down the
platform, nor boarded his car again
until the train was beginning to
move. When he again sank into his
seat a fellow passenger leaned over
and asked:
"Say, Mister, did you lose your
pocketbook?"
Culbert made a hasty dive through
his pockets, and that Is when he was
stricken with all sorts of alarming
disorders. Culbert rapidly went
from bad to worse, until the man
who had first called his attention to
his loss proceeded to explain that a
man, who had left the train at
Tracy, in passing through the car
had seen the purse and picking it up
had sought the owner. Not finding
him, he had turned the property
over to Conductor Eugene Brown.
When Culbert had recovered suf
ficiently, he went in search of the
knight of the punch and soon had
the wallet, containing $S5, back in
his pocket, sewed in and still more
securely fastened with a safety
pin.
Mr. Culbert has since learned that
the gentleman who so carefully pro
tected his property was Mr. F. J.
Walker of the New Western Hotel
of this city, and has sent him a
slight token of his appreciation.
Culbert says it's remarkable how
scared a man can get and live
through it. yyyy.
THE HOT WINDS BLOW
FROM LANDS OF SNOW
NO MATERIAL CHANGE IN THE ,
STRANGE WEATHER.
A Storm or Lower Temperature Anx
iously Awaited Moving Stock
to Southern Ranges.
Came the hot wind from the eastland—flat
tened out the fat man's collar— made him for
the north wind "holler"; made him wish that
he was elsewhere.
Came the north wind from the northland
East was hot, but north was hotter— the
people use a blotter to. mop off their leaking
faces; made them ask the prophet Hammon
what he meant with all his gammon— he
got this Hades weather.
And this prophet of the weather quaked
within his shoes of leather; awore by gosh he
knew not whether he was Hammon or a kibosh;
that the east wind came from high lands, where
the snow was thick as sea sands— cold enough
to freeze one's earbands; to subdue the love
of lovers. ..
That this blighting, blistering north wind
! came from where the folks were snow blind; i
where the icicles are legion in the far-off
Arctic region, where the chilblain holds its fell
sway.
Then to hold his fat position quoth he,
"There Is a tradition that the poles change
their position ln the cycles of the years."
This he swore would "make the hot snow*'
"make the Icicles with heat glow"— tl
people change— "oh, you know," from hot |
scotches unto beers. Then he smiled and drank ;
ice water.
Also smole the knight of steam beer; he was
full of guile and Dutch cheer; plenty quick to
serve out ems mier; glad the winds came from
the warm snow; glad the Ice winds were a hot
blast— that his goods were selling quite fast—
that his till was full of dollars.
But the farmer loud objected; said his crops
were sore neglected, that he was gol-darned
dejected and mad at the weather sharp. Mad
to see his crops fast growing; mad to ccc hia
fruit trees "blowing." *"
Apropos to the foregoing Uncle Reuben
is all right in his view of the situation,
for the outlook is ominous. \ The tempera
ture still remains high throughout the
CHOYNSKI`S MESSAGE
ON A BED OF DEATH
The Old Editor's Remarkable Farewell
ISIDOR N. CHOYNSKI, the aged and eccentric, although unusually able,
man whose life ended last Tuesday, died as he had lived— at war with his en
vironment. For many years he criticized life and all life means, and when
the end came he unsparingly criticized death. It was through his newspa
per, Public Opinion, that he expressed his thoughts, and when he finally re
alized that death was upon him he determined that his paper should die
with him, and that through that paper he would send to the world in which
he moved his last message. v .•';':
While the old man tossed on his bed of fatal illness he composed his last
editorial, his summary of his life and his protest against the end. A few
days before the end the aged editor knew that his life was closing.. He fin
ished his editorial and on Saturday last It was published in the concluding
Issue of Public Opinion. This remarkable message of a dead hand is as fol
lows: *£ V"
The last lines, for print, which we wrote upon this earth are these: On Friday
morning last, it was Just 6 o'clock as we opened our eyes, there stood before us In
the open doorway a tall, gray-bearded man, the very picture of Father Time, and he
held a huge black sign In his hand, reaching from top to bottom of the door, upon
which was written in bold white type, German script, "Marked for death." It was
a fine greeting for a pleasant morning; but we opine that the Germans should not have
been so cruel, and not have shown themselves so inhuman. We saw all the . doctors
the evening before, and why not have given us a chance to put our place in order? It
Is a cruel, wicked world; we had our struggle. Good-by.
THE SAN FKAN CISCO .CALL, SATUKDAY, JANTJAKY 28, 1899.
WILL, C. CULBERT, who
travels for a local paper
company, has entirely re
covered from an attack of
heart failure, complicated
by a partial stroke of paralysis,
cold feet, loss of memory, clammy
persipratlon and nervous prostra
tion, all of which hit him while com
ing up from Bakersfleld last Mon
day, just after the train had left
Tracy, and left him in a mighty bad
way for a time. ;' ,' !.
Culbert always was an easy one
— for a drummer — but always
claimed to be able to take care of
himself and his purse, barring poker
and like mishaps. Now he is not
so confident of his ability in this re
spect. The man of grips and good
stories had been off on a long trip
and was anxious to get home. His
expenses had been heavy and that
may have accounted for his anxiety
and his subsequent critical condi
tion; had he been Just starting out
the loss of a hundred might not
have had such a disastrous effect.
But expense accounts must be kept
within reason, you know.
Well, at Tracy the train stopped
for fifteen minutes and Culbert got
off to stretch his legs. Previous to
that he had stretched them across
to the opposite seat in the Pullman,
assuming an attitude that permitted
the moulting of his pocketbook all
unknown to himself. When he left
the car the fat wallet was left re
State and the Weather Bureau offers no
assurance of an early change to cooler
weather. The north wind Is still endeav
oring to blow the top off Mount Tamal
pals and making such a freak of itself as
to cause Professor Hammon much dis
gust. ' : 2y;y.iry '■
Incidentally, the closest guess he has
made on the prospective weather con
nected with this hot wave, is that it will
be cooler as soon as the temperature falls.
As a result thereof the farmers are feel
ing quite encouraged.!
The recent rains have started the grass
growing finely ln the southern ranges and
cattlemen are stocking their ranches
with new stock and cattle' that were re
moved to Nevada. Utah and the northern
part of the State last fall, when the pas
turage failed. Ninety per cent of the
stock on ranges along the south coast and
the San Joaquin Valley was moved in
IS9B. The railroads are now hauling many
thousand head back to the original
ranges. At the same time the ranchers
are somewhat apprehensive over the dry
weather now prevailing and they say that
if it continues much longer great damage
will result. ■■■'-■ ■--' _ y, __ ,_
Reports received at the Southern Pacific
office are to the effect that in the Interior
the soil is drying out very fapidly and
more rain will be needed to insure a full
crop. There Is not only danger of the
heat blasting fruit and gain, but that
sharp frosts may follow with costly re
sults. It is, therefore, desired that Mr.
Hammon change the wind before attend
ing to anything else.
Maria Kip Orphanage.
On Sunday, January 29, at 3 p. m., the
Bishop of California will consecrate the
Maria Kip Orphanage building. Singu
larly enough, It happens to be the forty
fifth anniversary of Bishop Kip's arrival
in San Francisco, and as that day was
also Sunday of his first sermon here.
The offertory win be for the endowment
fund. All cordially invited.
The Story of the Sun.
Professor James E. Keeler, director of
the Lick Observatory, lectured last even
; ing ln the lecture hall of the Academy of
j Sciences, under the auspices of the As
: tronomical Society of the Pacific. The
I lecture was illustrated by lantern slides
and was very interesting. A large audi
ence was present. The professor spoke
upon "The Story of the- Sun," and gave
i minute descriptions of accepted theories
! concerning this immense luminous body.
to Life.
WOMEN OF
THE DIOCESE
IN CONVENTION
.1. All ' > V
Auxiliary Addressed
by the Divines.
REVIEW OF THE YEAR'S WORK
LORD BISHOP OF COLUMBIA
URGES DEVELOPMENT.
Bishop Leonard of Salt Lake on th«
Mormon Question Services at
St. John the Evangelist
Church.
Tho semi-annual convention of the
Women's Auxiliary of the Episcopalian
Diocese of California was held yesterday
in the Church of St. John the Evangelist
on Fifteenth street. Right Rev. Bishop
Nichols celebrated the communion serv
ice, which opened the session at 11 a. m.
He was assisted by the Bishop of Olympia
as Epistoler, Bishop of Salt Lake as Gos
peler and the Lord Bishop of Columbia,
who preached the sermon. Bishop More
land was also present and Rev. E. B.
Spalding, rector of St. John's, acted as
master of ceremonies.
The choir was composed of Daughters
of the King, with Miss A. Phillips organ
ist.
Bishop William Willcox Perrin delivered
an eloquent address, taking for his sub
ject "Woman's Work in the Church."
He spoke of woman's work in society, in
education, her duty with regard to
divorce and her duty in the church of
God. He asserted that woman's place
was on the school board, and urged his
hearers to take an active interest in
politics affecting the education of chil
dren. He was desirous to see the expand
ing of the Women's Auxiliary, and referred
feelingly to the Episcopalian sisterhood,
who, with a self-sacrifice that is heroic,
consecrate themselves to God and to
God's work. He made a plea that a strong
protest be entered by the women against
those who had broken the laws of the
church with regard to the sacred nature
of the marriage ties. He concluded his
sermon by requesting his auditors to use
their influence for good, whether It be in
the home, in the church or in the world.
The offertory was for the benefit of tho
auxiliary, and the morning service closed
with the benediction. .
The society then adjourned to the guild
hall of the church with the Bishops and
clergy as guests for luncheon, and the
session was resumed at 2:30 in the after
noon, with representatives from twenty
branches present.
After the collect and the singing of the
Sixty-fifth Hymn, Bishop Nichols, who
resided, called on the Right Rev. Abiel
.eonard, Bishop of Salt Lake, for an ad
dress. He commenced by speaking of his
diocese, which he said comprised part of
Nevada, all of Utah, about half of Colo
rado and a section of Wyoming. "The
Women's Auxiliary," he said, "is not very
strong in Salt Lake, but there are hopes
for a better future. I believe we are per
forming good work among the Indians.
We have a tribe of 3000 just outside of
Utah. A chapel has been erected and
placed ln charge of a lay brother, who
has accomplised excellent results. There
is urgent need of more schools In my dis
trict. Other denominations are teaching
children for whom we should care."
Bishop Leonard then discussed the Mor
mon question at some length and referred
to the election of Congressman Roberts.
"The process of disintegration in the
Mormon church," he said, "is rapidly
going on. The Mormons are being edu
cated away from their belief and cus
toms. A Mormon has been elected to the
Congress of the United States and he is
charged with being a polygamlst. . Rob
erts will not deny nor admit that he is
«\ie. He says that the church is opposed
to polygamy.
"For my part I believe, there is little
polygamy In Utah. There Is some of it
going on, but 1 can not prove it. The pa
pers make charges and say the proofs
are clear, but 1 have no knowledge of my
own on the subject. I believe that the
polygamous practices are growing less as
the people are becoming more educated,
and it is the education we want to ad
vance.. ' . : '2:
"I see much that is good among the
Mormons. We are bound with them in.
business ways and in social . relations.
We don't want to fight them. We offer
our teachings and try to do all we can
ln the line of enlightenment. Of 250.000
people in Utah 200,000 are against us. But
as time goes on conditions are changing
and the truth is expanding."
Miss Bishop made an earnest plea for
contributions to the mission fund by the
Sunday-schools. Out of seventy schools
in the diocese with which she had com
municated she had heard from only
twenty-six, and hoped that all would con
tribute for next Whitsuntide.
Right Rev. William M. Barker, Bishop
of Olympia, then addressed the ladies and
said that woman exerts a wonderful in
fluence for good which should be devel
oped for the Master's sake. The possibil
ities of influence of the Women's Auxil
iary were simply enormous. Woman had
shaped the destiny of the world and it
was in her province to shape the destinies
of the glorious Episcopal church.
Bishop Nichols made a heart to heart
talk to the convention and spoke of the
administration of the work. He hoped
that the women would carry the auxiliary
to a high degree of progress. ■ -r\
After prayer and benediction the con
vention adjourned.
The principal officers of the Women's
Auxiliary are: Mrs. James Newlands,
president; Mrs. Elizabeth F. Noble, first
vice president; Mrs. Richard M. Sherman,
second vice president; Mrs. A. M. Law
yer, secretary; Miss Kate W. Stoney, re
cording secretary.
UNCLE SAM'S REAL ESTATE.
Irving M. Scott Tells How He Ac
quired It and Defends It. •
Hon. Irving M. Scott delivered an in- |
teresting and instructive lecture last
evening at Metropolitan Temple under the
auspices of the California Camera Club. .
His subject, which was illustrated by
stereoptlcon views, was "How Uncle Sam
Acquired Ills Territory and How He De
fends It." A large audience gathered to
hear the distinguished speaker and his !
lecture was punctuated by outbursts of j
patriotic applause.
By means of maps and carefully pre
pared diagrams, he showed the condition
of tho United States at the time of the
destruction of the Spanish Armada, its
rapid growth afterward and the series
of grants which finally merged into the
thirteen original States. Also the acqui
sition of other territory, strategic points
of the Pacific Ocean and the position of
other nations regarding the same.
The building of battle ships, the mak
ing of guns and armor plate and the put
ting up of powder in charges were ex
plained and Illustrated by a superb col
lection of pictures.
Mr. Scott said Uncle Sam was able and
competent to take care of any acquired
territory, no matter where situated, and
i pointed to Alaska as an instance of such
ability. • , t
During the Intermission T. H. Destrella
told in the sign language the stories of a
fishing excursion and a courtship, which
met with the marked favor of the audi
ence. -
"Christian Science and Why I
Broke Away From It," hy Josephine
Curtis Woodbury, in next Sunday's
Call. \
Morosco Trouble . Settled.
The Building Trades Council has decided
to allow a gang of non-union paper-hang
ers to work in Morosco's Theater, and a
general strike of all the men employed in
remodeling the house has been j averted.
When the committee visited Mr. Morosco
he informed it that he was not aware that
_here .were any. , union men . working
^?s-____i__B«9<r*_-ft. : _ .. ..yyy^
in his house and was very sorry to learn
that such was the case. The paper-hang
ing had been given out on contract to
Merchant & Nlcholls, and It was impossi
ble for him to dictate whom they should
employ. . A conference was held and the
contractors refused to discharge the men
without declaring the contract broken
and leaving the work in an unfinished
state. Mr. Morosco then offered to pay
the initiation fee of the four paper-hang
ers into the union. The committee re
ported back to the council Thursday
night, but that body decided to refuse Mr.
Morosco's offer with thanks and permit
the men to finish the job, as all other
work in the building . is and always has
been strictly union.
BENEFIT AT THE TIVOLL
In Aid of a Free Ward for the Eye
and Ear Hospital.
A benefit in aid of the free ward clinic
of the California Eye and Ear Hospital
will be given at the Tivoli Opera-house
on the night of February 9. The hospi
tal, which is in its infancy, has already
demonstrated its usefulness and necessi
ty, but it needs the helping hand of the
public that It may be endowed for its con
stantly growing needs. It Is the only in
stitution of its kind on the coast and
makes a specialty of the particular dis
eases which pertain to the ear, eye, nose
and throat. This specialty has In recent
years become so extensive and the present
methods of diagnosis and treatment are
so elaborate that a separate hospital de
voted to this branch of medicine and sur
gery alone is as well recognized as is the
specialist himself.
It is the ambition of the lady managers
of the institution to establish a free ward,
in which the deserving poor, who are un
able to pay their board, medical attend
ance or medicine, and who are totally de
pendent upon charity, may receive care
and attention. The free clinic has al
ready done an immense amount of good,
but the more serious cases met with are
difficult to cure without the constant pro
fessional watchfulness which can only be
found in a hospital.
The ladies are enthusiastically co-op
erating with the managers of the Tivoli
to make the opera, billed for the occa
sion, an absolute success. The tickets will
cost 50 cents and will be for sale at the
Tivoli or at the hospital after Febru
ary 2.
TRONCHET WON.
Small House Watches a Rattling
Broadsword Bout.
The "broadsword contest for the world's
1 championship between Louis Tronchet,
master at arms of the Olympic Club, and
; Ivan de Malchin of the Russian army," at
Woodward's Pavilion last night, was
J poorly attended. Announcement was
j made that owing to the small audience
the world's contest would be postponed
i and In Its place an hour's exhibition would
I be given for the benefit of those who had
I been kind enough to visit the Pavilion.
I Sergeant Moffltt of the United States
army was chosen as Judge and referee,
! and the two swordsmen went at it with a
i vim and vigor. The Russian was to all
j appearances the better swordsman of the
two, but Tronchet had a clever way of
! making short strokes and scoring points
I while De Malchin was making his artistic
I flourishes. Tronchet was finally declared
winner by a score of 15 to 7.
Child Study Club.
The San Francisco Child Study Club
held its regular weekly meeting at the
Occidental Hotel yesterday afterno6n. The
subject of discussion was a paper by Pro
fessor G. Stanley Hall of Clark Univer
sity on "The Practical Results of Child
Study." Next Friday Dr. Adelaide Brown
will address the club on "Methods of Ar
tificial Feeding." The meetings are free,
and are intended to assist mothers in in
telligently rearing their children.
Manson's Lecture.
The next lecture in the course now being
held by the Mechanics' Institute will be
delivered to-night by Marsden Manson,
C. E., Ph.D. The subject^will be "Hasty
Notes of a Trip Through Russia." The
lecture will be given at the Mechanics'
Institute Library.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
yy- NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P H Moll, Sacto . B H Work. Detroit
B Stelmltz, Stockton A S Briggs, Seattle
J Riley, Chicago J C Gillespie. Seattle
G Parker, St Louis M C Hendricks, Hollia
G Wilson, L Ang F Rossbach, L Ang
II D Wilson, Ft Worth J D Ferris. S Jose
A McNevin & f, S D C M Taylor, Callstoga
J XV Davis, Victoria IJ. O'Brien, Fresno
PALACE HOTEL.
G T Gosling, Phi la S Wlneman, St Louia
Q H Vickery, I'hlla A Seldner. N V
C A Celene, NY CM Dawson. N V
Mrs Celene, NY. W C Pope, Phila
X W Winship, Mich L Bernheim, Butte
Mrs Winship, Mich Mrs Bernheim, Butte
D B Lowe, Salt Lake M Robinson, Paris
Mrs Lowe, Salt Lake J E Keeler, Cal
Mm Wilson, Salt Lake C Bertolet, Chicago
Q W Allen, lowa . J F Furth, Seattle
Mrs Allen, N V Mrs Furth, Seattle
E Beardot. NY F F Rogers, Stanford
H B Fisher, NY A Jones, Monterey
J A Lewis, Chicago L W Moultrie, Fresno
J Prunberger, Wis J C Branner, Fresno
J French, Seattle XV M Rash, Salt Lake
Mrs French, Seattle 3 Ballard. L Ang
, "l GRAND HOTEL.
XV Wright, Pa C Erickson, Martinez
i: Lasar & w, Chgo G Petterson, S L Obsp
Miss A Kahn. Chgo G F McCullish, La
11 M Le Baron, Val Fd Mrs L Spencer & o,
W W Smith. Or Vancouver
1) M Hart. Benicia Mrs C S Eltlng & 1,
J L Roberts, Seaside Spokane
W J Caldwell, Cal G XV Gibson, Oakland
F J Adams, Cal H S Hall. King City
H B Keesing, N. W A Bair, Sacto
R Eggcbrecht, Soledad A E Howe, Cal
J A Cunningham, Cal IJ Kuhne, Palo Alto
J H Wallace. Berkeley A Chlsholm. Nllea
F D Smith, Cal J XV Turner & w, Mla-
J G Davis. Juneau : sion San Jose
L G Warner. B C WW Anderson, Sacto
A G Allen, Sonora J B Hoyt, Birds Landg
F A Krutles. Nebr H T Ross, El Paso
C R Satler, L Ang i J Polzler, La
R R Lowe. Dawson G XV Grant, Salinas
D S Stanley, USA G W Tatterson. Stktn
O Raphay, Watsonvllle M XV Williams, lowa
C M Hartley, Vacaville W L Dunn. Rio Vista
H Harper & w, Sacto D McGraugh, Rio Vsta
D A Ball, Pa J McCarty. Rio Vista
J C Mitchell, Seattle ! H Dnad, L Ang
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
BAILED.
Friday, January 27.
Nor stmr Titanla, Egenes, Nanaimo.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NAPLES— Jan 27— Stmr Burgundla,
for New York. ' -yy i . ;
GENOA— Sailed Jan Stmr Fuerst Bis
marck, for New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Jan 27— Stmr Nederland,
for Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL— Jan 27— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York.
Sailed Jan Stmr Georglc, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan Stmr Alesia,
for Boston.
Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Canada, from Berlin.
MOVlLLE— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Furnessia,
from New York. ■ * .
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
i YOUNG BLOOD.
, The fire in the blood is what
I yfiZZ%2%%§&S& ' keeps us young. It is only when
_____•___*■» il dies out that we get old mean
J jgtiP__3_y y V and peevish. It is when the blood
___»____ r~ Bets cold tnat ye lose strength
| __^!___»v \\ mentally and physically, and be-
_/_L______P^' Bln t0 decay - Keep youth as long
I I___T 3 X Wggayy as you can - Don't waste your
_Hl _WT J \__V vitality, for that supplies the fire
I R*!_l _t__ s^ i___ • to the blood and Sives life all its
.-?■: \sQslg? / J|ii|| pleasures. If you have lost your
I ____\ _^ L /____ vitality don't try to get it back
PB^^r f*\_^ dms\\\m by drugging, for that method has
i / * NflT J^*' always failed. The right way is
-■I/--- . v by filling your body with EL.EC-
. _^. k 2-CvV TRICITY. This is the great re-
' /*'%> , V_<t_4\ storer. My Dr.. Sanden Electric
I *$#.'^_&>' 9 ■ __-/_wl Belt will pour it into your body
■/' i v^t*** "^^-^S-"' m a continuous stream while you
i I. \ \ \£>^«jL°S&22fi\ »_F ' sleep at night. You feel the cur-
« ' .1 _ l^4_«^M99J^r#' : rent and can regulate It easily.
. ' w --." ' , .' Very simple, and wonderful in re-
v , .< yyyy : v:"k storing vital power to men and
, women. Price $5 and up. Book about it free. Call or address, . .
, dr. m, a, Mclaughlin,
./ 702 Market St., Corner Kearny, San Francisco.
" Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays 10 to 1.
I ' NOT SOLID IIT _Di_XJC3- STORES. .
2-^. y . y . ..' y■■ ■ ■; '■ ' , - . '■:.'--■
I -■-■H^lHi-»-«-^-l-lHi-»-i-B-l-»-«--«-'H-_-l-
TAX COLLECTOR'S
DEPUTIES ARE
REFUSED PAY
Supervisors Hold Up
Their Warrants.
CLAIM THEY ARE ILLEGAL
SHEEHAN AFFIRMS HIS OFFICE
IS GREATLY HAMPERED.
A Large Volume of Business to Be
Handled and an Inadequate
■ Force of Clerks Will
Commence Suit.
Owing to a deadlock between Tax Col
lector Edward I. Sheehan and the finance
committee of the Board of Supervisors
the former claims that the business of
his office has been brought to a stand
still, and that the interests of the city
must inevitably suffer.
The controversy has developed over the
employment of extra deputies, whose
claims for salaries the committee will not
approve. They are not statutory offices
and the Supervisors claim they were not
employed in keeping with the law. It
appears that there is no hard and fast
rule in the premises; salaries have been
paid in the past under the same condi
tions.
Tax Collector Sheehan appeared before
the committee yesterday in person and
was also represented by Attorney E. A.
Bridgeford. He held that there was an
implied authorization, if not an expressed
one, permitting him to employ clerks
necessary in the transaction of the busi
ness of his office, and that it was the duty
of the board to Inform him before cut
ting him off. It had always been cus
tomary to increase the force of clerks at
this time of the year.
After the meeting Mr. Sheehan said he
would sue out a writ of mandamus
against the board on the first of Febru
ary to compel payment of the claims.
He said there was over $2,000,000 taxes to
be collected, and his present force was
Inadequate to handle such a volume of
business, which must of necessity suffer.
He said he had request from the banks
alone for 16,800 tax bills, which he could
not get ready. The committee has pre
pared the following report, which it will
submit to the board at its next meet
ing:
Your committee in the matter of extra
deputies or clerks required in the several
offices believe that it is a necessity for
your committee to be advised of the num
ber of extra clerks required prior to their
appointment In order that some Intelligent
action may be taken prior to the expendi
ture. It appears that the custom has been
to employ such extra deputies as the head
of the department had an impression was
needed and present the bills for services
rendered to your committee for approval.
Such a custom is pernicious, as it is done
without the knowledge of your honorable
board or your committee, and must lead to
great abuse If permitted to be exercised
without control. Your committee, acting
under the requirements of the statutes of
1871-72, was constrained to refuse to allow
the demands of extra clerks employed by
Mr. Sheehan, Tax Collector, he having
made no requisition and received no au
thority to employ such extra clerks. How
ever, in view of the fact that he only as
sumed the duties of his office this month,
It a satisfactory showing is made by him
showing the absolute necessity of their em
ployment and If the explanation Is satis
- factory, your committee may, under the
circumstances, allow said demands, . but
that officer and all other officers requiring
extra assistants or clerks hereafter
prior to creating any liability on the part
of the city, must make requisitions ln writ
ing to the finance committee at least Aye
days before the expiration of the month
prior to the month the extra assistants are
required, setting forth the number required
and the particular services for which they
are required, so that your committee may be
advised of the expenditures made prior to
the liability being created, and in order that
the rules and regulations may be observed
we will submit a resolution to that effect for
your action.
The deputies whose warrants have been
held up are: J. A. McDonald, Charles H.
Ward, Joseph, A. Fitzpatrick, P. J. Mee
han, John Toomey, John Doyle, O. V.
Mendenhall, H. C. Maguire and Homer
Warren. ______________
PYTHIANS CONSOLIDATE.
Two of the City Lodges Are Made
One and the Membership En
joys a Banquet.
Pursuant to one of the most unique In
vitations ever prepared nearly two hun
dred Knights of Pythias met In Pythian
Castle last night to witness the consol
idation of Golden City and Metropolitan
lodges. The uniting of the two lodges
was by Herman Schaffner, grand keeper
of records and seal, assisted by a corps
of officers, and the work was performed
In a very interesting and impressive man
ner. At the close of the ceremony the
membership of the consolidated lodges I
and those who were present by invita
tion marched to the liaison St. Germain, |
where a fine supper was served. The j
consolidating officer was the master of |
ceremonies and after the menu had been j
disposed of he called for responses to !
toasts. The speakers were: Past Grand
Chancellor George Samuels, Past Grand I
Chancellor George H. Morrison, Thomas I
A. Nerney, lieutenant commander naval
militia; Dr. G. S. Bachman, Past Grand j
Chancellor XV. H. Bouflsh. Past Grand
Chancellor Ernest TJlman, Dr. J. C. Ste- :
venson and Past Grand Chancellor Nu- i
mar Rose. There were others who re- ;
sponded to volunteer toasts, and there I
was also music and songs. It was 1
o'clock this morning before the jolly I
party sang "Auld Lang Syne."
Building Trades Ball.
. The Building Trades Council will hold a
reunion and ball In Scottish Hall to-night.
The object is to bring the men of scat
tered unions closely together and cement
ties of friendship in the hearts of all who
are working for the same end along dif
ferent lines. yy---.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nervous Dyspepsia
To Gain Flesh, to Sleep Well, to
Know What Appetite and Good
Digestion Mean.
MAKE A TEST OF STUART'S DYS-
PEPSIA TABLETS.
No trouble Is more common or more misun-
derstood than nervous dyspepsia. People hav-
ing it think their nerves are to blame and are
surprised that they are not cured by nerve
medicines. The real seat of the mischief la
lost sight of. The stomach Is the organ to bo
looked after.
Nervous dyspeptics often do not' have any
pain whatever in the stomach, nor perhaps
any of the usual symptoms of stomach weak-
ness. Nervous dyspepsia shows Itself not la
the stomach so much as ln nearly every or-
gan. In some cases the heart palpitates and la
irregular; in others the kidneys are affected;
in others the bowels are constipated, with
headaches; still others are troubled with loa«
PROF. HENRY XV. BECKER, A. M.
of flesh and appetite with accumulations of
gas sour risings and heartburn. > '
It Is safe to say that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets will cure any stomach weakness or dis-
ease except cancer of the stomach. They cure,
sour stomach, gas, loss of flesh and appetite,
sleeplessness, palpitation, heartburn, constipa-
tion and headache.
Send for valuable little book on stomach dis-
eases by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall,
Mich. All druggists sell full-sized packages at
50 cents. Prof. Henry XV. Becker, A. M., the
well known religious worker and writer of St.
Louis. ■ r
Secretary of the Mission Board of the Ger-
man Methodist Church. Chief Clerk and Ex-
pert Accountant for the Harbor and Wharf
Commission. Public Secretary for the St.
Louis School Patrons' Association, and the
District Conference of Stewards of the M. E.
Church; also takes an active part in the work
of the Epworth League, and to write on relig-
ious and educational topics for several mag-
azines. How he found relief Is best told in hia
own words:
"Some weeks ago my brother heard me say
something about Indigestion, and taking a box
from his pocket said, 'Try Stuart's Tablets.'
I did, and was promptly relieved. Then I In-
vestigated the nature of the tablets and be-
came satisfied that they were made of Just
the right things and in Just the right propor-
tions to aid In the assimilation of food. I
heartily endorse them in all respects, and Z
jceep them constantly on hand."
4lF^^ M EY E RS
Wjm *&§§&siA Specialists for Hen
\l^_? _r^" , ssW ¥CwJ Jt These physicians have been
vV6_ I*"—^ T§ssi cvr ' I 1 weakness and eon-
V J__- n / >i?l tr«cted ailments since 1881.
V*_v)S// I '■ j/_E_^*s --They have the largest and
n_sS_ I '*!rfW____i "*"*' wuipped medical in-
"* Vlf *c l }''l_- AiV_f_X-v^L_ ,t ' tu '' on ' aL< * t* 1 * most ex-
"_E 1 \a_j_r^_**o?)rtlWßi ten " practice in the V. _
No PaT TIU Cored.
%2&HS. _k^_*»^ Unfortunate „en who can.
£f&iy\_ \ X** *^eWC__ not C 1" " luiald wri <* tor sd-
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _. AXIi FREE.
Thousands cured at home;
Ail letters confidential. >'o Charge for Consultation.
701 MARKET ST., I_. .p.
101 SAN FBA_CISCO ' E'^ater Entrance.
o__ll_i_l_ and Morphine Habits
_JI I__H cured at home. Writs
UnUIVI for full particulars and
INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D. KIMMIS.
201 Turk St., San Francisco. 'iy.'.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. McDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKB.
Yards at HOWARD AND BEALE BT3.
Use f^% se
Woodbury's h^j!) Woodbury's
| Facial Soap. *^J Facial Cream.
Wrinkles, red nose and veins, moles, warts,
scars, tattoo, powder and birthmarks pain-
lessly and permanently removed by JOHN H.
I WOODBURY, £6 W 23d St., New York, and 163
j State st., Chicago. Send 10 cents .for Beauty
Book, and receive sample each. Soap and
i Cream, free. - - '■'■•'. .• ,-y :.;>.: '-: 'yr
ODOOOQOOOOOOOOOOOfI
d -•" PALACE '*?%
PCPPMIVrt hotels 9
0 BAU FKAItOMOCO. ?
jJ? Connected by a covered passageway. *J
■J 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. Q
i 0 All Under One Management. Q
; B VOir, THE PRI0S8: «
m. European Flan. Sl.OO per day and upward „
" American Plan. s3. oo per day and upward Q|
ft ■ Correspondence Solicited. n
£ JOSH 0. _IR_P__RIC_, Manager. Z
_OQOQOOOOO-00000 OS
E_h Chlehettcr- English Diamond Brand. * -
f EHNYROYAL PILLS
EHNYROYAL PILLS
9 •-_"_ Original and Only Genuine. •__ •
>•_/ r_*_\ ■»"■ »"»»y« reliable, ladies ast AK\.
fiS\ 4(l—^_4> Dnwsirt for CMehitter •'» Bnalith D.a.J(/f\Z-
wSy£'MW_L m! '' id BranA ln Bed and Gold uetaHicV^Mr
_v — _\k*2boies. sealed -ita blue ribboa. Take VSr
I*l S_J""o)O_e_ Refute dangerout tubttifu- V
I / ~ £W tian* and imitation*. At Druggists, or eend __
I_> m Jf in Ftaropl for particulars, testimonials aaa
If JB* "Kellcf fir Ladles," in 2<t_r. by return
■J»V__ If Kftll. 10.000 Testimonials. Amu Faptr.
_ > "^# Clili'heat*rCfceJ_lc_lCov,MitdliMm»Qsi»r_
»_ by _ Loc- -ruj. . tUA.. __•
DR.MCNULTYT
q _IS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
_. Specialistcurea Private, Nervous, and Blood Bis-
eases o/ Men only. Boot on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 'rs' expprlence. '
Patients Home. Terms Hours 9
t03da11y;6.30 to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul,
tatioti free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddresa
P. -tOSCO_ McXIIiTY. M.D.
86'; Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, Mc to Jl 50 day;
$5 to JS week; $S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
THE WEEKLY CALL;
$1 per Year.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sliver unchanged.
Wheat still excited.
Barley dull and nominal.
Oats firm. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and Feedstuffs as before.
Potatoes and Onions. weak.
Creamery Butter higher. Dairy neglected.
No change in Eggs.
Poultry weak and dull.
Game about the same.
Oranges and Lemons in good demand.
Limes still scarce.
Nothing new in Dried Fruit.
Hogs still firm.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27, 1899, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall ln last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Station*— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ..„ 0.00 v 17.30 18.69
Red Bluff 0.00 x 18.05 6.62
Sacramento 0.00 7.85 6.36
San Francisco 0.00 .. 7.67 5.19
Fresno 0.00 ' 3.72 2.31
San Luis Obispo 0.00 6.92 2.86
Los Angeles 0.00 2.88 3.77
San Diego 0.00 3.41 3.06
Yuma 0.00 1.33 1.07
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
76; minimum, 68; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy over Washington,
northern Oregon and the Rocky Mountain re
gion; it is clear in California, Nevada and Ari
zona, and snow Is falling over Montana and
North Dakota.
An area of low -pressure Is central ln north
ern Montana and the highest pressure Is off
the Washington coast.
The weather remains abnormally warm over
the Pacific slope. The temperature throughout
the valleys of California exceeds 70 degrees.
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather In California Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 28, 18S9:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; contin
ued warm; light variable winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; contin
ued warm; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday; continued warm.
Utah— Partly cloudy Saturday; continued
warm.
Arizona— Fair Saturday; continued warm.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
continued warm; light variable winds.
Special from Mount Tamalpais— Clear; wind
north, CO miles; temperature, 60; maximum
temperature, 66.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— The changes as a re
sult of to-day's trading were rather mixed,
with gains predominating. The market opened
with hesitancy but this was speedily dissi
pated by an influx of buying orders and the
market started up under the Influence of
strength in the low priced specialties and
standard stocks. London was a free seller on
balance, the sales amounting to 30,000 shares,
which encouraged the room traders to put out
large short lines to check the rise.
Commission houses held a large volume of
buying orders well distributed throughout the
list, which forced the bears to take back
stocks after effecting only a slight relapse in
the market's strength. Prices were forced up
under the leadership of the Flower shares,
Including Rock Island, People's Gas and Brook
lyn Rapid Transit. The low priced stocks were
then taken in hand. Tennessee Coal and Iron
moved up ... American Spirits preferred 2,
Wheeling and Lake Erie preferred 4_, first
preferred 4, Pacific Mall 2_, and Indianapolis
and Louisville preferred 3. Among the t spe
cialties there were advances of 2% in Rubber
and 2 in Sugar, while Metropolitan moved
within 2 points. There was an average rise of
over a point In the Grangers, except North
west. The largest rise in this group was that
of Rock Island, 1%. The coalers, Morgan
stocks and 1.'.. C, C. and St. Louis were quiet.
Long Island Jumped S% and Norfolk and West
ern preferred, on large transactions, advanced
1%. The move ln the latter was attributed to'
talk of an Increase in the dividend. Lake Erie
and Western and Chicago Great Western "A"
rose in the neighborhood of 2 points. The
news accompanying the advance included the
favorable report of the Senate Commerce Com
mittee on the steamship subsidy bill benefited
Pacific Mail; an explanation that the new beet
eugar company would not invade the Ameri
can Sugar Refining Company's territory and
a number of favorable traffic statements, in
cluding those of Northern Pacific and Southern
Railway. The denial of the rumored New York
"Central transcontinental plans was responsi
ble fur early losses in Union Pacific, which
subsequently rallied,' closing fractionally off
for the day. Transactions were ln excess of
1,000,000 shares, as on other days this week.
Considerable Irregularity prevailed in the
bond market with active issues favoring a
downward course. - Total sales, 16,215,000. Bid
quotations for Government bonds were un
changed.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— The total sales of
stocks to-day were 1,032,100 shares, including:
Atchison. 16,050; Atchison preferred, 28,970; Cen
tral Pacific, 14,730; Chesapeake and Ohio, 11,
--600; Burlington, 2S.00O; Louisville and Nash
ville, 22,400; Manhattan, 22,640; Metropolitan,
8250; Reading preferred, 15,172; Missouri Pa
cific. 14,960; New York Central. 18,000; North
American, 12,900; Northern Pacific, 23,745:
Northern Pacific preferred, 16,952; Ontario and
W'cstern, 11,432; Rock Island, 46,479; St. Louis
and Southwestern, 18,640; Union Pacific, 23,680;
St. Paul, 24.650; Southern Pacific, 10.340; South
ern Railway, 29,125- Southern Railway pre
ferred, 17,465; Union Pacific preferred, 945;
Wheeling and Lake Erie. 10,440; Paper, 3500;
Cotton Oil, 4950; American Spirits, 12,000; To
bacco, 4700; Steel, 32,900; Steel preferred, 27,200;
People's Gas, C 6.400; Colorado Fuel and Iron,
3300: General Electric, 4800; Brooklyn Transit,
20.400; Pacific Mail, 27.300; Rope and Twine,
3640; Sugar, 30,000; Tennessee Coal and Iron.
40.879; Leather, '234; Leather preferred, 6750;
Rubber, 13.425; Western Union, 5300; St. Louis
and Southwestern preferred, 19,425; Chicago
Great Western, 17,250.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 22%|St L & 8 W 9%
Do prefd 62% Do prefd 24%
Baltimore _ Ohio. 72% St Paul 129
Canada Pacific 85% I)., prefd 168
Canada Southern.. 81% St P _ Om 97%
Cent Pac 48% Do prefd 172 "
Ches & Ohio 2314 Bo Pacific t&hi
Chi & Alton i.-'. Bo Railway 13%
Chi B & Q 138 Do prefd 48%
Chi _ X 111 68% Texas & Pacific... 18%
Do prefd 115% Union Pacific 47%
Chi G W 17% Do prefd 81
Chi Ind _ L '.•>.. U P D ft G. 2d
Do prefd 33 ! 2d assmt paid .. 12%
Chi & N W 141" Wabash 8%
Do : refd 190 I Do prefd 23%
C C «' & St L.... 59% Wheel ft L E. 4th
Do prefd 100 assmt paid 8
Del „ Hudson 114% Do prefd 30%
Del L _ XV .155 Express Companies-
Del ft Rio G 20% Adams Ex 109
Do prefd 72' American Ex 143
Erie new 15% United States 55
Do Ist prefd .... 30% Wells Fargo 129
Ft Wayne ISO Miscellaneous—
Ot Nor prefd ....166 A Cot Oil 36
Hocking Val 3 Do prefd 89%
Illinois Cent ......113% Amn Spirits 13%
Lake Erie & XV.... 21 Do prefd 37
Do prefd 73 Am Tobacco 146%
Lake Shore 200% Do prefd 139
Louis & Nash 6S ICons Gas 196%
Manhattan L 116% Com Cable Co 196
Met St Ry 216% Col F & Iron 15%
Mich Cent 115 Do prefd 92
Minn ft St L 43% Gen Electric 111%
Do Ist prefd 98 Haw Com! 59%
Mo Pacific 47% Brooklyn R T 98
Mobile & 0hi0.... 36% intnl Paper 66%
Mo X & T 13 Do prefd 93%
Do prefd 37% Laclede Gas 53%
N J Central ',"2 Lead 28%
N _ Central 185% D.> prefd 112
N V Chi & St L.. 16% Nat Lin Oil SV.
Do Ist prefd .... 72 Pacific Mail 52%
Do 2d prefd .... 36% People's Gas 117%
Nor West 19 Pullman Pal 156
No Amer Co 7% Silver Cert 59%
No Pacific 50% [Standard R & T.. 10%
Do prefd 80% Sugar 133%
Ontario _ XV 23% I Do prefd 112%
Or It & Nay 60 T C _ Iron 47%
Or shirt Line.... 46% 1u s Leather 7%
Pac Coast Ist prd. 84 j Do prefd 73%
Do 2d prefd 65 U S Rubber 52%
Pittsburg 180 I Do prefd 117%
Reading 23'; West Union 96%
Do Ist prefd .... 88% Fed Steel Co 64%
R Q W 40 Do prefd 86%
Do prefd 75 Or Nay prefd 76 '
Rock Island 121 Pac Coast 49V:
Bt L & S F _% Colo Southern 7%
Do prefd 73 Do Ist prefd .... 65%
Do 2d prefd .... 39"4 Do 2d prefd .... 22%
CLOSING BONDS.
C S 3s 107% V Central 15t5. .117%
U S new 4s res;.. 129% 1N JC 5s 115%
Do coup 180% N Carolina 65.... 131
V S 4s 112%: Do 4s 104
Do coup 113% No Pad lsts 115%
Do 2ds 9.%, Do 3s 69%
US Es reg 112' Do 4s 103%
Do 5s coup 113% X V C _ St L 45. .107%
District 3.63s 119% Nor & W 65. .......129
Ala class A 107 Northwestern con 142%
Do B 107 Do deb 6s 122
Do ('..' 100 O Nay lsts 113%
Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s 102%
Atchison 4s 102% O S Line 6s tr 130'
Do adj 4s 83% O S Line 5s tr 111%
Can So Ids .Reading 4s _
C& <> «_■ 96 R Q W l ? ts 91%
Chi Term 4s 96 St Lfc I M con 55.109 ii
C & Ohio 5s 118% St L & 8 F gen 6s. 124*^
C H _ D 4%s 104% St P Con 163
D & R G lsts 108% St P C & p 15t5.. .119
D & R G4s 101% Do 5s 121%
East Term lsts 104% So Ry 5s 106%
Erie Gen 4s 75 Stand R& T 65... 89%
F XV & D lsts tr.. 85% Term new set 35... 96
Gen Elee 5s 112% Tex Pac L G 15t5. .109%
G II fc P A 6s 108 Do Rg 2ds 46%
Do 2ds 107 Union Pac 45....... 105
jr &mC 5s 110 T* PD & G lsts.... 90%
Do con Cs 110 Wab Ist 5s 115
lowa C 15t5.. ......H0 Do 2ds 99%
La new con 4s 108 IW Shore 4s 113
tan* Unl 4s ... 96 Va Centuries 87
Missouri P con 65. 114% Do deferred 8%
M X _ T 2ds 69% Wis Central 2%
Do 49. .«•«•• 9 * Col ° Southern 4s - S7 *» i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20|Ontario 800
Crown Point 12 Ophlr 60
Con Cal & Va...... 1 25|Plymouth 10
Dead wood 45 .Quicksilver 160
Gould & Curry 25 I Do prefd 450
Hale & Norcross.. 12 Sierra Nevada 70
Homestake 50 00 ' standard 2 10
Iron Silver SOJUnlon Con 33
Mexican 30iYellow Jacket 14
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money VY'estingh Elee 44
Call loans 2 @3 Do prefd 63_
Time loans 2»4®4 Ed Elee Tel 199
Stocks— Atch prefd 62 _
Atch Top &St Fe. 22 _ Bonds—
Amer Sugar IJS'H Atchison 4s 101*4
Do prefd 112 New England 65...114_
Bay State Gas 3% Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 30S Allouez Mln C 0.... 6>i
Boston & Albany. .2so Atlantic 39_
Boston & Maine. ..l7l*4 Boston & Mont 801
Boston L SS Butte & 805t0n.... SB_
Chi Bur & Q 13S Calumet & Hec1a..750
Fltchburg 116 Centennial 34
Gen Electric 11l Franklin 24_
Mexican Central... 7 Old Dominion 3S
NY & N Eng 100 Osceola 99
Old Colony ....200 Quincy 185*4
Or Short Line...... 46 ' Tamarack 245
Rubber 52 Wolverine 48
Union Pac 47 _| Parrott 39"_
West End 93*4.1 Union Land B>_
Do prefd 112 IHumboldt 2%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 27.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The Stock Exchange clearing house, here
broke down last night owing to the heavy set
tlement in Americans and Africans, hence
business was Impeded to-day. Nevertheless,
Africans were rampant and Americans were
brisk. The latter began dull. Mr. Vanderbilfs
denial of the consolidation report caused a drag
ln the early hours. Then an American house
got a big buying order in Louisville and Nash
ville and New York came good, which renewed
the excitement, and buyers tumbled over each
other to get stock. Later prices eased off.
Finally Berlin bought Northern Pacific. New
York bought Union Pacific preferred, which is
Upped strongly here. v^-: • ..-
Anaconda touched 8% on heavy New York
purchases.
There was a strong demand for call money,
owing to the clearing house hitch. In bills
there was no business.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 89; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 82%; Union Pacific preferred, 83%;
Grand Trunk. 7%; bar sliver weak, 27_d per
ounce; money, 2@2V4 per cent.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: One of those
speculative outbreaks which occur at regular
Intervals in the history of the commercial
countries is now in full progress in the United
States, with Wall street as, the scene for Its
principal manifestations. The present week
has witnessed further advances of the kind
which only occurs when the public comes Into
the market almost en masse and purchases
eagerly and even recklessly. This has caused
the transactions in stocks to assume dimen
sions never before- seen in this market. The
dealings have been excited, especially on Mon
day morning, when the rush of buying orders
"at the market were such as to cause wild
j advances in some stocks and not a little tempo
| ran' confusion. The mechanism of the stock
j board and of the street at large have, however,
worked well, the stock clearing system being In
| no small degree responsible for this fact. Money
1 continues to be exceptionally easy, there being
no symptoms whatever of the hardening of in- i
terest rates, which usually appeared on former
occasions when extremely active speculation j
has developed. This exceptional state of af
fairs is due no doubt to the circumstances that
our market, in contrast to its position in IsSO
or in the other "booms" of the past, is not
now borrowing money abroad with which to
carry on the current speculation, but Is actu- j
ally landing large amounts to London and the j
Continent. It may be noted that while Lon- |
don follows the proceedings here with great ;
interest and has evert shown, a sympathetic j
tendency toward increased speculative activ- |
ity on its own account, it has been, on the !
whole, a seller of our securities; or, to put the j
case ln another way, prices here have ad
vanced so much and rapidly that London has
not kept pace with us, and arbitrage opera
tions, involving the buying of American stocks
in London and their resale here, has resulted
in the shipment of considerable amounts of se
curities from Europe to New York.
The controlling factor in the market has,
however, been the continued increase of specu
lative purchasing orders from the public, not
only in New York but throughout the coun
try. Wall street commission houses have had
ati influx of such business to an extent hith
erto unknown, and In many cases their facili
ties have been almost overwhelmed by the de
tail work which it involved. It is however, a
notable circumstance that as a rule firms of
! this class, which naturally profit by the whole
sale entrance of the public into the market,
have generally been recommending conserva
tism and profit tailing to the customers. In
fact, the street has appeared to be somewhat i
backward, while the public has showed de- j
cided evidence of speculative confidence. Then- ;
has, of course, been heavy realizing from time j
to time and not a little shifting of the public's |
buying from one part of the list to another.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 27.— The following table,
; compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
! ings at the principal cities for the week ended j
i January 27, with the percentage of increase !
' and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year; •
Percentage.
• Inc. Dec.
New York $1,456,200,553 88.8
: Boston 138.509,622 28.0 ....
■ Chicago 139,072,546 56.7 . ....
Philadelphia 107,014,878 45.8
, St. Louis . 33,958,524 39.1 ....
! Pittsburg 21,187,495 14.8
Baltimore 27,653,491 61.6 ....
'. San Francisco 14,470,264 .... 1.7
! Cincinnati 14,208,550 22.4
! Kansas City 10,559,425 5.5 ....
New Orleans 12,252.990 6.3 ....
Minneapolis 9,276,550 39.5 ....
Detroit 7,135,327 .... 8.7
Cleveland 9,354,027 43.4
Louisville 7,420,368 9.9 ....
Providence 6,181,300 26.4 ....
Milwaukee 4,989,106 7.4
St. Paul 4.408,662 19.0 ....
Buffalo 4,662.192 10.1 ....
Omaha : 6.58.1,828 32.0 ....
Indianapolis 6,022,717 34.5 ....
Columbus, 0 5,225,100 71.7
Savannah 3.186,103 .... 4.7
Denver 2,860,485 10.6
Hartford 2.486,943 22.5 ....
Richmond <■ 3,695,358 45.1 ....
Memphis 2.332,040 31.8
Washington 2,144,363 18.1
Peoria 1,737,213 18.5
Rochester 1,793,910 26.1 ....
New Haven 1, 892,806 14.4 ....
Worcester 2.218.789 68. 7 ....
Atlanta 2,283,306 42.8 ....
Salt Lake City 3,202.831 110.2 ....
Springfield, Mass.. 1,647,381 5 0
Fort Worth 1.809,000 18.0 ....
Portland. Me 1.547.588 28.2
Portland. Or 1,444,719 8.6 '..
St, Joseph 2,320,887 8.3
Los Angeles 1,420.757 14.1
Norfolk L 236.035 6.8
Syracuse 1.062.138 22.0
Dcs Moines 1,439,885 36.7
Nashville 1,192.429 3.9
Wilmington, Del... 718.720 5 7
: Fall River 1,005,872 18.9 '.'"
Scranton .-... • 931,141 20.3
: Grand Rapids 1.183.136 22.5
Augusta, Ga 1,018,549 .... 6*'
Lowell 673,592 9.6
Dayton, 0 920.975 38.1
battle 1,210,970 .... 2S 6
1 Tacoma 732,469 .... 143
Spokane 1,032.138 33.5
, Sioux City 958.072 28 7
New Bedford 682,889 37
I Knoxvllle, Term .. 611,264 3 6
I Topeka .167.412 21.1
! Birmingham 603.176 IS. 3 .
Wichita 480,076 6.1
i Binghamton 370.400 32.6
I Lincoln  384,154 ""
i Lexington, Ky-./.. 255,831 '.'.'.'. _'&
! Jacksonville, Fla.. 257,005 7 0
; Kalamazoo 339.871 37.8
I Akron 397.500
! Bay City 165,881 '...'. "g'B
I Chattanooga , 342.165 • 11.4
1 Rookfnrd. 11l 234.966 3 0
j Canton, O 196,200 28*9
Springfield, O 205.479 12°. 7
Fargo. N. D 313,810 748
j Sioux Falls. S. D.. 114.834 *"""
; Hastings, Neb .... 117.756 .... ]'"
i Fremont, Neb...... 115,127 3_5
j Davenport . 664,581 26 7 "'"'
1 Toledo 1,722,200 8 9 """
•Galveston 6.824.100 .... ""
•Houston 6,865,649 14.
1 Youngstown 341.376 31.2 '."
I Macon 638.000 .... 2'l'c
i ••Evansvllle 721,613 ....
j "Helena 471,585
I "'Little Rock 315.108 .... *'""
Totals. U. 5.... 52,144,768,474 C6~9 * '
Totals outside
New York 658,507,921 32.3
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal ...... ....'.s 18,019,119 35.6
Toronto 8.890.108 13.8 ***"
Winnipeg 1.642.905 .',2.4
Halifax 1,176.296 15.7
: Hamilton 699,890 27.5 ""
St. John. N. B 674.295 12.3
•Victoria 663,198 ""*
Vancouver .. ; 673,335 .... .'*"
Totals 3 31,001,803 27.0 ~
•Not included In totals because containing !
other items than clearings. ;
••Not Included in totals because of no com
parison for last year.
BRADSTREET'S ON THE CONDITION OF
TRADE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— Bradstreet's to-mor- ,
row will say: The apparently steady rise In i
the tide of general business has been diversified
this week by an outburst of speculative inter
est in a number of staples, ; notably cotton and 1
wheat, which heretofore have registered steady j
THE .SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 28, •1899.
gains on actual consumptive demand rather
than on the development of marked bullish
speculation. Large transactions and buoyant
prices have been features In these staples and
signs are not wanting that sympathetic though
smaller movements in a number of the other
lines are either under way or contemplated.
Exceptional Industrial activity in the Iron and
steel trades Is another feature of note, and
here, too, price advances are all but general,
reflecting, so far as can be seen, chiefly the
urgency of consumers' requirements, the claim,
In fact, being made that speculation has not
as yet entered into buying in this branch of
Industry. The same claim, however, can
hardly be made as regards a number of move
ments toward consolidation in this and other
industries, where in fact the movements to
ward combination are tiesired as approach
ing a virtual craze. In the regular channels
of distributive trade conditions continue In the
main satisfactory, the volume of spring orders
at most markets being reported as larger than
in any recently preceding year at this time.
While It is hardly possible to fix the entire
responsibility for the bullishness in wheat and
corn upon the movement which so far has
proved so successful in stocks the claim is
freely made that considerable profits realized
in the stock market have sought expression in
the channels of staple food and textile dis
tribution. Color is given to this claim by the
fact that the situation In actual wheat shows
but little change from recent weeks. It Is true
there is a tendency to pare down alleged official
estimates of Russian crops and some weather
reports from the West have been more encour
aging to the holders of actual wheat, but the
magnitude of the outburst of new buying
shared in by former persistent shorts ln wheat
alone hardly explains the activity in this mar
ket, which has resulted In the highest prices
reached since the collapse of the Letter deal.
Activity In demand for nearly all classes of
Iron and steel Is reflected In advances for nearly
every class of plgiron and ln steel billets, rails,
wire and plates. Announcements of a large
number of consolidations and combinations pro
jected or under way are also a feature In the
domain of other metals, notably copper and
tin; speculation and actual demand alike make
for higher prices. Better reports are received
from the lumber trade ln a number of cities
and all the old advances are maintained, with
confidence in the outlook for spring business.
Some improvement in the dry goods trade la
to be noted at some Eastern points, notably
Philadelphia and Boston, where advances are
maintained. Wool, though firm, is slow of
sale, and finished products, with the possible
exception of dress goods, do not move as freely
as hoped for, a feature this week, ln fact, be
ing the very low prices announced by some
manufacturers. General industry is reported
active, notably soft coal mining and ship
building. An encouraging feature in the for
mer trade has been the wage settlement made
with 100,000 Western coal miners for another
year.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4,999,752 bushels, against 6,198,
--671 last week, 5,026.024 in the corresponding
week of 1898. 2.615,408 in 1597. 2,660.205 in 1896
and 2.483,858 in 1895. Since July 1. this season,
the exports of wheat aggregate 144,322,291 bush
els, against 146,494,889 last year.
Business failures are fewer in number, aggre
gating 246, against 262 last week, 288 ln this
week a year ago. 326 in 1597, 393 in 1596 mid 312
ln 1896.
Business failures for the Dominion of Can
ada for the week number 32, against 30 last
week, 49 ln this week a year ago, 66 ln 1597,
63 in 1596 and 66 in 1595.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade will say to-morrow:
The country is in a stronger position than a
week ago. Remarkable strength in its Indus
tries is an Important but not the chief ele
ment. Public confidence in the business of the
country and in its securities has been tested to
an unusual extent by the sudden fall In stocks
and the subsequent rise. Confidence ln the
value of wheat, corn and cotton has been shown
by the markets, and at rising prices the world
buys because It has to buy. The vast supply
of unemployed capital has been shown impres
sively, and the new and startling Independence
of foreign money markets fixes attention. The
lumber movement is unusually large for the
season, with prices of low grades sharply ad
vancing. Railroad earnings and tonnage have
shown surprising gains. Treasury receipts are
gaining, and a vote on the peace treaty has
been fixed for February 6.
The weak points in the situation may first
be considered. Wool trows weaker, because
forced by speculation a year ago to prices
which the market for goods could not sus
tain and has been much embarressed in trying
to sustain ever since. Western bankers begin
to advise speculative holders to sell. The sales
of wool are still small, manufacturers buying
at Philadelphia, where prices are yielding,
rather than at Boston, where great efforts are
made to sustain them, but the goods movement
for heavy weights is still disappointing and
comparatively slow. Larger orders for light
weights keep many works employed. Sales for
the week have been 6,403,400 pounds, and for
four weeks 22,899,200. against 30.421,070 last
year and 26,547,600 for two years ago.
Plgiron has risen at Chicago because of
higher freight rates from the South, and at
Pittsburg a shade for Bessemer and gray forge
because of growing demand, but for the mo
ment a rise of 2 per cent ln pig Is exceeded
by the rise ot 2 per cent products. The pres- '
sure for many products Is such that the works
are able to make their own Quotations, and
rails and bars at Pittsburg and wire nails have
slightly advanced. The demand is heavy In all
lines, covering 000. tins rails In one contract
for a Southwestern road and many of smaller
quantity; 20.000 tons bars and many for a
less quantity; covering 5000 steel cars for the
Baltimore and Ohio, with other ship, car and
miscellaneous contracts, numerous bridge con
tracts, with one pending from Canada, and
others from all parts of the world 10,000 tons
sheets at Pittsburg, with heavy business else
where, and a general demand never surpassed.
Nails are advanced by the combination; pipe
works are crowded', and negotiations In progress
for their consolidation, as also in bridge build-
ing.
Wheat has risen 8 cents, with much buying,
Pased on extraordinary exports from Atlantic
ports for the week. Flour Included, shipments
were 8,818,301 bushels, against 2.971.333 last
year from Pacific ports, 221.255 against 1.180,
--272 last week, and from other ports 462.454. In
four weeks the exports from both coasts have
been 19.675.087 bushels, against 16.718.925 last
year. Reports of Injury to winter wheat al
ways come at this season, but count for little
when the farmers are selling heavily.
Failures for the week have been 224 In the
United States, against 342 last year, and 33
In Canada, against 34 last year. ;. •
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan.' FLOUR— Receipts,
20,700 barrels; exports, 48,100; market firm, but
short of buyers, owing to the erratic changes
ln wheat.
WHEAT— 142.000 bushels; exports,
391,161. Spot irregular; No. 2 red, 86% c, f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options, while less excited
than yesterday, were almost as erratic, particu
larly In the last hour, when they fluctuated
violently under small orders, and left off un
settled and practically, at . anchanged prices.
Outside trade dominated and news again cut
but little figure. It created disappointing
cables, large clearances and more moderate ex
port business. March, 8517 860, closed , 85% c;
* May, 81%<g*2 U-16c, closed 81% c.
HOPS—
HIDES— Firm.
METALS— Tin dropped off an additional 63
to 70 points to-day, this making 90 to 120
points reaction within the past two days. Lead
scored a further gain on Increased demand' and
generally good news, but aside from these
changes the market was without radical fea
ture. At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, firm, at $8 50 nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Strong, with $16 bid and
$18 25 asked.
TlN— Steady, with 823 60 bid and $23 80 asked.
SPELTER— Strong, with $5 65 bid and $5 75
asked.
The brokers" price for lead Is $4 10 and for
copper $16 50.
COFFEE— Options steady, 6 points higher to
6 points lower. Sales 46,750 bags. Including Feb
ruary, $5 50; March, $5 75; May, $6 85®5 90;
June, $5 95; July, $6 05; September, $6 15®6 20;
October, $6 20 „ 6 26; November, $6 25; Decem
ber, $6 35«6 40.
Spot coffee— Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c;
No. 7 jobbing. 7%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7%
_14c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4%c; molasses, sugar,
3 9-16 c; refined, steady.
BUTTER — Receipts, 3536 packages; steady;
Western creamery, 14@19c; Elglns, 19c; factory,
12®14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6000 packages; steady; West
ern, 18% c; Southern. 17@18%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— California Dried
Fruits firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7@Bc;
prime wire tray, B%@9c; choice, 9%©9% c;
fancy, 9%@10c. 2-2'-y.- y
PRUNES— 3%@IOc. . .
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c; Moorpark. 13®17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9®llc; peeled, 22@25c. •
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET. .' 2
CHICAGO, Jan. Wheat started ; under
much less excitement than It closed yesterday,
but with no Indication that the bull feeling had
abated to any considerable extent. May opened
a shade higher at from 78c down to 77% c, and
while some outside buying orders were being
executed Improved to 78%@75%c. After this
demand had been satisfied several local specu
lators evinced an Inclination to sell, not only
parting with long Wheat that showed a profit,
but trying the short side -In an experimental
and conservative fashion. As there seems to
be a disposition on the port of ■ traders with
Wall street connection to let matters settle
somewhat before taking on fresh holdings the
market became heavy and May declined to
77% c. When the Atlantic port exports of Wheat
and Flour, amounting to 952,000 bushels, were
reported, the crowd made a wild scramble to
buy and May shot up to 79c. That was a rise
of l%c for the day, and the temptation to se
cure profits became so strong that many hold-/ 1
ers sold out and May slumped off to 77% c. IJur/
Ing the last fifteen minutes buying again [b/
--came spirited and May rose to. 78% c, the abas
ing price. v '
Cold weather and increased country offerings
started Corn easy. During the last hour of
the session rumors of heavy Wall street buying
started the crowd to cover and May rallied a
. cent from the low point of the day, closing with
an advance of %c.
Oats kept In close touch with Corn, although
It did not show as much gain as did the leader.
The speculative !.* trade > was slow and the
demand for cash was limited to car lots. May
left off unchanged.- : -,_J3«t«BaS»*^ ;
Provisions ruled strong and higher all
around. The volume of trade was large and for
the first time in several months important
packing interests were arrayed on the bull side.
Pork and ribs rose 7_c each and lard 6%@7%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— • - .
May 78 79 77% -78%
July 75*4 76*4 74% 75%
Corn No. 2 —
January 86% 37% 86% 86%
May 38% 39. " 35% 89%
July 39 39% 38% 39%
Oats No. 2—
May 28% 29 28% 19
July 26% 27% 26% 27
« Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 10 62% 10 70 10 65 10 65
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 6 92% 696 690 695
July 6 02"4 605 6 02*4 605
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May ..6 22"4 625 620 525
July 6 35 535 5 36 5 35
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, moderate demand and firm; No. 2
spring wheat, 73_®75c; No. 3 spring wheat, 69
@72c; No. 2 red, 76®76"4c; No. • 2 corn. 37%®
37% c; No. 2 oats, 27% c; No. 2 white, 30"4®31c;
No. 3 white. 29%®30"4c: No. 2 rye, 69% c: No. 2
barley. 43@53c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 16@1 16*4;
Northwest, $1 20; prime timothy seed, $2 40®
2 42; mess pork, per barrel, $10 40®10 45; lard,
per 100 pounds, $5 72«4®5 75; short rib sides,
loose, $4 85@6 15; dry salted shoulders, boxed,
*H®4_o; short clear sides, boxed, $5 10®5 20;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 27.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17,000 26,000
Wheat, bushels 113,000 11.030
Corn, bushels 484.000 213,000
Oats, bushels 244,000 192,000
Rye, bushels 11,000 247,000
Barley, bushels 49,000 13,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13@18c; dairies,
10>4®U6c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 15%@160. Cheese,
steady, unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 271,810 47,560
Duluth 106,748 6,997
Milwaukee 27,300 "» 4,700
Chicago 113,250 11.384
Toledo 18,350 12,000
St. Louis 24,000 6.000
Detroit 10,271 13,103
Kansas City 43,500 44,000
Totals 614,679 143,644
Tidewater-
Boston ... 72,699 100,716
New York 891,161
Philadelphia 57,503 19,328
Baltimore '. 218,353 337,691
New Orleans
Galveston 69,276
Totals 848,899
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 6% 6 11%
Closing 6 *% 6 11%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Jan. Mar. -June. '
Opening 45 25 45 75
Closing 45 60 45 90
Wheat-
Opening 2170 2175
Closing 2175 2175
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— CATTLE— The small
supply of cattle to-day sufficed to meet the
limited requirements of the trade and prices
were no more than steady. Fancy cattle, $6 _»
6 30; choice steers, $5 6005 95; medium steers,
$5®5 25; beef steers, 33 90®t 90; stockers and
feeders, S3 50@4 82_; bulls, 82 70@4 25; cows and
heifers, S3 30(g4; Western fed steers, $4 10®
5 85; Texas steers, $3 75_5; calves, $3 50®7.
HOGS were 10c higher. Fair to choice, $3 SO®
3 92' 2 ; packing lots. $3 55®3 67%; mixed, S3 65
©3 85; butchers, $3 65®3 87%; lights, S3 50@3 80;
pigs, S3 2503 55.
SHE were steady at yesterday's values.
Poor to prime sheep, $2 50({?4 25; yearlings, $4®
4 60; ewes, $3 60&3 85; common to choice lambs,
S4__ .
Receipts— 3000; hogs, 24,000; sheep,
7000.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS IN NEW
YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 27.— The Journal of Com
merce says: While there Is no speculative in
terest shown in California dried fruits it Is
reported the demand from consumers of late
has shown marked improvement. Exporters
have bought comparatively little, but they,
too, are more disposed to buy. With spot
stocks comparatively small and for the most
part in few and strong hands, an Increased
buying Interest on the part of both home and
foreign consumers Is said to be having the
effect of strengthening the views of sellers,
and the latter are holding back, waiting for
bids. Raisins appear to be about the only
article on the list the future of which Is un
certain. - Everything depends upon the ability
of the Growers' Association to carry through
Its new plan. The opinion Is freely expressed
here that packers will not sign contracts In
sufficient numbers to enable the association to
carry out Its plans, and this, together with
the opposition raised by Eastern commission
merchants, may. it Is believed, lead to an
early dissolution of the f organization. The
friends of the latter, however, say it has
enough strength to overcome all opposition.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, Jan. 27.— wool auction sales
were continued to-day, with a good attendance
and an active demand. ' Merinos realized ex
treme rates, while fine-haired scoured were
eagerly competed for at fancy prices. Geelongs
of a better class and New Zealand cross-breds
were In gird supply and sold well. Yorkshire
and the Continent took the bulk. The Amer
ican representatives purchased some • stock
suitable for their requirements.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 27.— Consols, 111 3-16; Silver,
27% d; French Rentes, 102f sc. Wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
sellers at advance of 6d. ' v
LIVERPOOL, Jan. Wheat, firm; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
frosty.
COTTON— 3 5-16 d.
WHEAT— Spot firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s 4d; No. 1 red Northern spring, 6s 2d. .
Receipts of Wheat during / the past three
days, 61,000 centals, Including 66,000 American.
Receipts of American Corn during the past
three days, 11,700 centals. ....
CORN— January, nothing quoted; March,
3s *id; May. steady, 3s S_d.
FLOUR— Louis fancy winter firm, 7s 9d. .
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 27.— WHEAT— Futures
closed firm; March, 6s %d; May, 6s 11 hid.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Jan. Exchanges, 8303,039;
balances, $68,072. ; _.V; -- ;,
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 27.— Sales of wheat were
not as large to-day as on the day previous,
although the Chicago and Liverpool markets
still showed plenty of strength. Upward of
halt a million bushels changed hands Thurs
day and from appearances the present needs
of exporters were satisfied. As high as 61% c
was quoted for Walla Walla and the extra
half cent for a large lot- of heavy wheat was
probably obtainable. Valley and bluestem, 63®
64c. ; ;';' •■-. '
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. WHEAT— CIub, 60c; blue
stem, 63®64c. y
Cleared— British ship Gwydyr Castle, for
Queenstown, with- 78,122 bushels wheat.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5...... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight .. — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars '..' — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Brokers' wires from Chicago ex
plained that the current rise Is not based upon
news at all, but Is speculation, pure and sim
ple, with Wall street leading. As the day went
on the pools and elevators started in selling,
which made the market very irregular. Chicago
bobbed about a good deal. Local shippers were
all at sea under this condition of things, and
gave no quotations. i
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $1 15@1 17%; milling.
$1 2001 22%. y-.yr~y yyy.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May — ctls,
$1 20%; 2000, $1 20%; 16,000, $1 21%; 4000. $1 21%;
2000, $1 21%.
Second Session— May— 32,ooo ctls, $1 21%; 2000,
$1 21%: 12,000, $1 21%.
Regular Morning May— lo,ooo ctls,
$1 21%; 2000. $1 21%; 6000. $1 21%. .
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls, 21%;
2000. $121%; 2000, $121%; 2000, $121%; 30,000,
$1 21%. ■■y.yy - y
_3ARLEY— market Is excessively dull and
Quotations are largely nominal.
Feed, $1 27H:@1 30: -Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales. '"
Second Session— No sales.
Regular , Morning " Session— Seller '99, new
2000 ctls, 93c; 4000. 94c; 4000, 94Kc.
Afternoon Session No sales. >
OATS— Holders are very firm in their views,
but are unable to advance prices owing to the
dullness of the market.
Fancy Feed, $1 35@1 37% per ctl; good to
choice. $1 30@1 32%; common, $127%: Surprise,
$1 42%@1 50; Gray, $1 30®1 35; Milling $1 32%©
1 35 per ctl; Red, $1 55_>1 65; Black. $1 60@1 75.
CORN— Continues quiet at nominal quota
tions.  y- "
Small round Yellow, 81 18; Eastern large Yel
. rr." .'■-' " . •■. '■'■"■"" '• .-..-->■__■
low, $1 10; White, $1 10; mixed. $1 07*4®1 10 per
ctl: California White, $1 12%.
RYE— sl 15®1 18% per ctl. ■ '■ • ' -
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras. $3 90@4.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 Kfifl 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay continues dull and weak, " but dealers
say that If the present warm dry weather con
tinues a few days longer It will have a ten
dency to advance prices. There is no change
in Bran and Middlings.
BRAN— 50®2l 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S22®24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, 526®27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31® 31 60;
Jobbing, $32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake. 524@25;. Cot
tonseed Meal, $28® 30 per ■ ton; Cornmeal,
$23 50034 50; Cracked Corn, $24® 25; Mixed Feed
$20 50®21.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16@17 for good
to choice and $14@15 for lower grades; no fancy
coming In; Wheat and Oat, $14@16; Oat, $14®
15; Island Barley, $13@14; Alfalfa, $12®13;
Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 50® 14 60; Cheat,
$12@12 60; Alfalfa, ; Oat, $IS®l4; Clover,
$11 50@12; Timothy, $12®13 50 per ton.
STRAW— 6O@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The market rules dull at unchanged prices.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 Ss@l 95; Small Whites. $2
©2 15; Large Whites, $1 76®1 S5; Pinks, $2®
2 10; Reds, $3 30@3 35; Blackeye, $3 75; Butters,
$2 25,2 60; Limas, $3 20® 3 25; Pea, $2 35@2 60;
Red Kidneys, $2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 60@4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 75@4; Flax, nominal; Can
ary Seed, 2*. 4 ®2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 6® 7c: Rape,
2*402% c; Hemp, 2_@3c; Timothy, s@6V,c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65® 1 70; Green, $2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There Is no further decline In Potatoes and
Onions, but both are weak and dull. Mush
rooms are "still higher, being ln light supply.
POTATOES— SI IO@I 15 per ctl for Early Rose;
75c® $1 per sack for River Burbanks; Peta
luma Burbanks, 75c®$l; Oregon, 75c®$l;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 75 for Merced and $1 for
Rivers; New Potatoes, l_@2c per lb.
ONIONS— SO®9Oc per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 6®7c; String
Beans, 12 _c; Cabbage, 40®50c; Tomatoes,
$I®l 75 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant,
per lb; Garlic, 6@7c per lb; Dried Okra, 15c per
lb; Green Peppers, 6c per lb; Dried Peppers. 10
@15c; Marrowfat Squash, $10@15 per ton: Car
rots, 25@35c per sack; Mushrooms, 12__20c
per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry continues weak, with larger stocks on
hand. Game is slow.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 12® 15c; live
Turkeys, ll®l2c for Gobblers and 12@12%c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50® 1 75; Ducks, $4 50
<g's 50; Hens, $1 50® 5 50; young Roosters, $6®
6 50; Fryers, $5@5 50; Broilers, $4 50®5 for large,
$3 60@4 for small; Pigeons, $I@l 25 per -dozen
for old and $2®2 23 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 6001 75; Mallard, $2 50@3 50;
Canvasback, $3®6 50; Sprig, $1 50@2; Teal, $1 50
fil 75; Widgeon, $1 25® 1 50; Small Duck, 25;
English Snipe. S2®2 60; Jack Snipe. $125; Gray
Geese, $2 50; White Geese, $125; Brant, $150®
1 75; Honkers. $3@4; Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 60 for
Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE, AND EGGS.
Fine Creamery Butter Is higher under light
stocks, but dairy goods continue neglected.
Eggs stand the same. •
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 24®25c; seconds,
22® 23c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 19@20c; common
grades, 14®lSc.
Pickled Goods— 17®18c; pickled roll,
17*5 for dairy and 19®_0c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16®16"4c per
lb; Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 11%@12c; old, 10
(§ lie; Cream Cheddar, 12®12%c; Young Amer
ica, 12® 13c; Eastern, 10012 c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 27'_®30c per dozen; store
Eggs, 25®*2Gc; Eastern, .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Oranges and Lemons are selling very well, '
and fine lots are in quick demand at firm
prices. . Limes are still* scarce. Apples are un
changed.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35®73c for common, $I®l 25 per box
for No. 1 and $1 60®1 76 for choice.
Pears— per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50®2 75
per box; Seedlings, $I®'l 50; Mandarins, $1 25
01 50; Lemons, 75c@$l TO for common and $2® 3 j
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $8 50®7; j
California Limes, 60c@$l per small box; Grape j
Fruit. $I®2; Bananas, $1 25® 2 00 per bunch;
Pineapples, $2®4 50 per dozen. '•
____■— <__ _ . r_ ■■-c'-'r
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6%' c for 40-50's, 4%
@4%c for 50-60' s. 3%@3%e/for 60-70' s, 2%@2% c for
70-So's, 2%<§2%c for S|-90's, 2(g2%c for 90-100's
and l%(R2c for 100-110' Silver Prunes, 2%@
sc; Peaches. 6@7%c for good to choice, 7%@Bc
for fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10
©12%.: for Royals and 13% c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7%©7% c; sun dried. 4@4%c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2@2%c; Plums, 4%@6c for
pitted and l@l%c for unpitted; Nectarines, 6®
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6_Sc for quarters
and B@9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 5%#6%c for Seed
less Sultanas, 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers: Dried Grapes, 2%®3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7@Bc per lb; Walnuts,
7@Sc for hardshell. 9© 10c for softshell; Al
monds, 7@Bc for hardshell. 13@14c for softshell,
15@16c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for East
ern and 4%@5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
05. . - .
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright' and S@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6%({»
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 5@5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7%c per lb for
heavy, Sc for. light medium, 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, io@lo%c; Cali
fornia Hams, 9@loc; Mess Beef, $9 50 per bbl:
extra Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork. $11; extra clear. $16; mess, $„;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%@5%c per lb for
compound and 7® Bc for pure; half barrels,
pure, B%c; 10-lb tins, B%c; 6-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-Jb palls, 20 ln a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case. B%c; 10-lb pails 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about U0 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c: light. S@B%c; Cowhides.
B%@9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf, 10c;
dry Hides, sound. 15c; Culls and Brands.
12c: dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf,
17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each; short
Wool, 35® 60c each; medium, 70®90c; long Wool
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 25@50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 25@1 75 for large . and $1 for
small.
TALLOW— 1 rendered, 3%@3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2%c: refined, 4%@5c; Grease, 2c. -
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months, 7®9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
i months, B®9c: Foothill and Northern, free. 12
; <Bi4c; Foothill and Northern, defective. 9<3"11c:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 9@
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9<^U
Northern ' Mountain ..*. 7® 8
Southern 6® 7%
Plains 5@ 6 J
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10@12c per lb for ordinary
12%@13c for good and 14@16c for choice to
fancy from first hands. . - v ;
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, B%c spot and
6%c future; San Quentins, $4 95; Wool Bags, i
26@38c. .'.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling- !
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle, j
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50- !
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $8 60®9 In bulk and j
,$lO-3*lo 25 1" sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite '■
Egg, $14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs i
and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In i
bulk and $14 In sacks.
RlCE— China mixed, $3 95@4; China No _, |
$4 50@4 90; extra do. Ss_>s 35; Hawaiian, $5 37%; |
Japan, $4 3504.75: Louisiana, $5®6 50.
* SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com- !
! pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed I
I and Fine Crushed, '6%c; Powdered. 6%c; Candy i
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated. 5%c; Con
fectioners'. A, 5%c; California A, 5%c; Magno
lia A, 5%c: Extra C. 5%c; Golden C. 5%c; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent. "
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There Is no change in any description. Hogs
are firm.. ' '-. ;'■: .2. .•;-■'
: Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows::.- •'•■•■ ••...: i •/•':
BEEF— First quality, 7c; second quality, 60
6%c; third quality. sfris%c.
VEAL— 7®Sc; small, 7@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B@B%c; Ewes, 7%®Bc.
LAMB-S%@9c per lb. ■■■■■ " r .
PORK— Live Hogs, 4®4_c for large, 4%@4%c
for medium and 3%@4c for small; stock Hogs,
3%c; dressed Hogs, 6%@7c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, January 27.
Flour, qr sks.... 2,820; Pelts, bdls 90
Barley, ctls 2,210, Hides, No 810
Oats, ctls 410, Eggs, doa 7.020
Cheese, ctls ..... 50 j Quicksilver, flks. 26
Butter, ctls 141 Leather, rolls .... 67
Tallow, ctls ...... 46 } Lumber, feet .... 10,000
Beans, sks 750 : Wine, gals 87.500
Potatoes, sks .... 2, 676 1 Lime, bbls 100
Onions, sks 5S j Brandy, gals .... 650
Middlings, sks .. 220 Sugar, bbls 65
Hay. tons' 440 [Sugar, sks 660
Wool, bales 31
. . _ ■'• , OREGON. r\- : ; f:
Flour, qr sks ... 1,020 Potatoes, sks .... 231
WASHINGTON.
Hay, tons J 81
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Eggs are still cheaper this week. There Is
no change in Butter and Cheese.
Poultry is lower and In ample supply.
Fruits and Vegetables are about the Bams
as last week. Meats show no change.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly
price fist:
Coal, per ton—
Cannel B— —ol2 00 I Castle Gate.. s9 80®
Wellington . ®10 OOlSouthfleld
New Welling- I Wellington —0 9 60
ton 010 00 Coos 8ay.... — — ® 7 00
Seattle 8 80® 1. vV-
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per Cheese. Swiss 20(325
square Common Eggs 80® —
Do, per roll 50®.— Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good — @45 j dozen 30®35
Pickled 35040 Honey Comb, per
Firkin, per lb..— lb 12015
Cheese. Cal — ©15 Do, extracted ..—§lo
Cheese, Eastern.. 15@17i
Meats, per lb.
Bacon 12017 i Pork, fresh —012
Beef, choice 12015 Pork, salt 10012
Do, good' B®loiPork. chops —012
Corned Beef — ® 8 Round Steak ....10® 12
Ham, Cal 12%®15: Sirloin Steak ....12015
Do. Eastern ...— ©ls Porterhouse, d 0...—
Lard 12015 Smoked Beef 12®15
Mutton .; 10015 Pork Sausages.. 12%® 20
Lamb 12®151Veal 10®15
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each.... 60® 65 Quail, pr d0z.. 2 00®2 25
Young Roost- Mallard, pair... 66® 75.
ers, each 65® 70 Canvasback, pr
Old Roosters. pair 76®1 50
each 60® 60 Sprig, pr pair. 50® 60
Fryers, each.. .60® 65 1 Teal, pr pair. 40® 50
Broilers, each. 40© 60 1 Widgeon, pair 40® 50
Turkeys, pr lb 16® 17 ;Small Duck... 35® —
Ducks, each.., 60® 75 Wild Geese pr
Geese, each...l 00®1 25 I pair 60® 60
Pigeons, pair.. 25© 501 English Snipe,
Rabbits, pair. — 40 per doz 3 00® —
Hare, each — @ 20 1 Jack Snipe 1 75® —
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 10012 Limes, doz 12_1S
Apples, lb 4® 6 Oranges, doa 15®30
Bananas, doz 15020 Pears, per 1b.... 4® 6
Cranberries, pr qt.ls® — I Raisins, lb 6010
Lemons, doz 20®— IWalnuts, lb 12015
Vegetables-
Artichokes. d0z.75®l 25 Mushrooms, 1b,...15®25
Beets, doz 12013 Onions, lb ....... 4® 5
Beans, white, lb.. 4® 5 Potatoes, lb 2® 3
Colored, lb 4® 5 Do, Sweet 8® 4
Lima, lb s@— Parsnips, doz 15020
Cabbage, each.... 5010 Radishes, dz bchslo®l2
Cauliflowers, each 5010 Sage, doz bnchs.2s®3*
Celery, bunch 50— String Beans, Ib-.U-lo
Cress, doz buchs.2oo23 Thyme, lb 2O(B30
Green Peas, 1b.... 8010 Turnips, doz lßfff2o
Lentils, lb 6© B.Tomatoes, 1b......12®15
Lettuce, doz 15®25l
Fish, per lb.—
Barracuda 0— Shrimps 10012
Carp 5© 6 Shad .... 10®—
Codfish 10012 Sea Bass 104/12
Flounders 6 Smelts 150—
Herring 4® 5 Soles B®lo
Halibut — ©12 Skates, each 5010
Kingflsh 8010 Tomcod 10012
Mackerel —&— Clams, gal — @5C
Do Horse @— Do. hardshell, 100.40_50
Perch 8010 Crabs, each 10-315
Pompano 1 0001 1 Do. softshell, d0z.25®35
Rockflsh 120151 Mussels, qt 10012
Salmon, smoked.. 20tfr — ! Oysters. Cal, 100.40©—
Salmon, fresh..... 12@15jDo, Eastern, doz. 25050
Sturgeon l_-frlsi
■♦ ■ -
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Thomas W. Brennan to John S. Jackson, lot
on SE line of Railroad avenue, 77:10Vs NE of
Twenty-seventh, NE 78, SE 136:1%. SW 75, NW
114:11H, being lots 4 and 5, block 495, Bay View
Homestead Association; $10.
Manuel P. Berwln to Robert Berwin, undi
vided 1-7 of lot on N line of Golden Gate ave
nue. 137:6 E of Steiner, E 68:9 by N 137:6; also
undivided 1-7 of lot on E line of Howard street,
275 N of Eighteenth, N 24 by E 122:6; $10.
E. P. E. Troy to Western Loan Association,
lot on N line of Twenty-second street, 50:11 E
of Sanchez, E 25:11 ' by N 114; $1800.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Margaret G.
Liner, lot on N line of Twentieth street, DO W
of Noe, W" 25 by N 98; $10.
Martha G. Krull to Sten Ericksen, lot on W
line of Alabama street, 193 S of Twenty-fifth,
S 22 by W 100; $10.
Mary A. and Edward E. Martin to Albert
Meyer, lot on N line of I street, 32:6 E of Tenth
avenue, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Easton Mills to F. F. Gonzales, lots 313 to
322. Holliday Map A: $10.
Judith A. Hoyt (wife of Calvin D.) to Hlttle"
E. Field, lots 261, 263, 265, 267 and 269, same;
also lot on N line of Market street, between
Sanchez and Church, 25 feet on Market by
depth of 117 on E line and 100 on XV line; also
all property of first party in San Francisco;
gift.
Edward and Bertha Hawthorne to Michael
Schymelnsky. lot on NW line of Delaware ave
nue. 658:6 NE of Ocean House road, NW 186:6,
NE 80:6, SE 176, SW 80, lot 3, block 33, West
End Map 1; $10.
Alameda County. \
R. J. McMullen and W. C. Moody (trustees
for Alice H. Cornwall) to Oakland Loan and
Investment Company, 651 d 65, lots 14, 15 and
16, block J, Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland;
also lots 9 to 12, block C, except NW 30 feet
of lots 10, 11 and 12 of said block ln Latham
Terrace, Brooklyn Township; also lot com
mencing at the NE boundary line of lot 8,
distant 75 NW from Twenty-fifth avenue, thence
SW to NE lino of East Twenty-third street,
NW to a point SE 21.39 to beginning, being
the NW portion of lot 8, block C, same; also
lots 15 and 16, block D, lots 7 to 11, block E, lot
3, block F, lots 19, 21 and 22, . block G, same
(trustees' deed); $4800.
Alexander I). Keyes to F. A. Losh, undivided
quarter interest in the following: Lot on SE
corner of Fallon and Eleventh streets, E to
center of San Antonio Creek, thence S to a
point where the N line of Tenth street extended
E intersects the center of said creek, thence W
to E line of Fallon, N to beginning, block 248,
Oakland; $10. '
F. A. and Mac G. Losh to Adolph Uhl, undi
vided quarter Interest, same; $10.
Frank J. Moffltt to Augusta L. Moffltt. lot
on S line of West Eighteenth street, 100 E of
Linden. E 50 by S 111:8. Oakland; gift.
George F. and Blanche K. Van Haltren to
William O'Brien, lot 13, block R, revised map
of Oakland Heights, Oakland; $600.
A. F. and Minnie Hass to W. J. and Nettle
C. Abernethy. lot on S line of Walton or
Thirty-fifth street, 656:11 E of San Pablo ave
nue. E 35, S 140:9%, XV 35, N 140 to beginning,
being the E 35 feet of lot 17, Cotter Tract.
Oakland; $10.
W. J. Abernethy to Nettle C. Abernethy,
same; gift.
. Thomas XV. Badger to Kate A. Badger, lot
on N corner of Seventh avenue and E Ninth
street, NE 150 by NW 150, Oakland; also lot on
XV corner of Seventh avenue and E Ninth
street, SW 300 by NW 150, Oakland; gift.
Union Savings Bank to Drury B. Parker, lot
on XV corner of E Twenty-eighth street and
Thirteenth avenue, NW 188, SW 172.14 SE
199.06. NE 178.10 to beginning, being lot 31,
Templeton Tract, Oakland; $10.
George W. Hoguet (and as attorney) and
Mary E. Hoguet (by attorney) to Jane H.
Mayo, the W 25 feet of lot 10, block B Gas
kill Tract, quitclaim deed. Oakland Annex; $1.
A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to
Mrs. L. E. Kenlson. lot 8, Elmhurst Park.
Brooklyn Township; $176.
P. L.. Bridget M., H. F., Carrie. E. D.,
Elizabeth A., Thomas R. and Mary H Bassett
to J. R. Hodge, lots 4 to 7. 9 and S % of lot
10. block B, and lots 3, 4 and 30. block C Fruit
vale Station Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
J. R. and Mary F. E. Hodge to J. E. Kin
sey, same. Brooklyn Township; $10
Bridget M. and Patrick Bassett to John R.
Hodge, lots 84 and 89. Fruitvaie Park Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
John R. and Mary F. E. Hodge to J. S. Kim
ball Company (a corporation), same, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Winifred T. Doud (wife of D.), Catherine
Tyrrell (wife of P.). John. Teresa and Mary
L. Flannery to James Flannery. all Interest in
lot on W line of Campbell street. 54 S of Six
teenth. S 25 by XV 115, block 728-A on map of
redivlslon of block 740, and portion of blocks
739. 727 and 728, Oakland; $350.
James V. and Ellen A. Powers and William
Heafey (by commissioner) to Daniel Hart, lot
on NW corner of Atlantic and Willow streets,
N 50:7 by XV 75, being lots 25 and 26, block 502,
Gibbons' property at Oakland Point, Oakland;
$2545. ,
H. H. and Emily Adams to People's Build
ing and loan Association, subdivision F on
plat showing resubdlvlded lots 11. 12 and 13,
block A, Oakland View Homestead, Oakland;
$10.
■ Central Land Company (a corporation) to
Edna F. Beckett, lot on S line of Logan or
Thirty-sixth street. 301 W of Grove, XV 40 by
S 120:3, being the W 15 feet of lot 10 and _ 25
feet of lot 9, block C. map of property of Cen
tral Land Company, formerly the Brown Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Edna F. Beckett to W. C. McLure, same: $10.
Mary F. J. and Isaac R. Alden to Timothy
O'Leary, lot on S line of Albion street, 852:7
E of Grove, E 35. S 140:10%, W 35. N 140:8% to
beginning, being portion Alden Tract, subject
to mortgage for $ISOO, Oakland: $10.
A. de Leo de Laguna to Le Roy G. and Flor
ence Harvey, lot on E line of Filbert street
194:6 S of West Fourteenth. S 40 by E 125 block
570, Oakland (quitclaim deed): $10.
Emily E. Barstow to Florence Harvey (wife
of Le Roy G. Harvey), lot on E line of "Filbert
street. 194:6 S of West Fourteenth, S 40 by E
125. block 570, Oakland; also lot on E line of
Filbert street. .234:6 8 of West Fourteenth R
40 by E 125. block 670: $10. <-<=«»n. b
Charles Koelllng. Henry J. and Mary tv
Goetzman et al. (by. commissioner) to Richard
C. Potts, lot on N line of Haskell street. ISO 08
W of Mabel. XV 70. N 111.60, E 70.02. S 10944
to beginning, being lots 23 and 24 and E '20
feet of lot 22, resubdlvlslon of blocks D and E
Carrlson Tract, Oakland Annex: $2629.
A. H. and - Laura McGregor .to Mary E
Schleffelln. lot on N line of Pacific avenue 306
W of Walnut street. W-100 by N 150:2. being
lots 2 and 3. block 25, lands adjacent to En
cinal, - Alameda: $10. ; . -.-'._-- ■
 Frederick and Anna C. Bammann to Au
gusta G. Clow (wife of J. B. Claw) lot on
line of Buena Vista avenue, 80 W of Mulberry
street, XV 28 by N 147:6. Alameda: $10.
Mary E. Schleffelln to Josephine F. Swasey,
same; gift.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Office of the Lighthouse" Board, Washington.
D. C, January 20, 1899.
POINT ADAMS LIGHT STATION.
Notice is hereby given that on or about Jan-
uary 31, 1899, the fourth order fixed red light
at this station, on a low sand ridge, about one
mile southerly from Point Adams, southerly
side of the mouth of the Columbia River, will
be discontinued. _..,.„ '.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1898," page 22, No.
1053, and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa-
cific Coast, 1897," page 38.
By order of the Lighthouse Board. ;
FRANCIS J. HIGGINSON,
Commodore, U. B. N.. Chairman.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographia
Office, located In the Merchants* Exchange, Is
maintained ln San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense. m " '.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
ing directions of the -world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re-
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
' Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. JANUARY 23.
Sun rises J:l7
Sun sets ° :29
Moon rises 7;29 p. m.
O ITlme] Time Time Time
R. 1 Ft. Ft. — • — Ft. Ft.
• HWI L. W H W L W
B ... 1:01: M 6:12] 2.4 12:11 6.2 6:34 0.1
>9 . 1:29 5.2! 6:o<i 2.1 12:52 6.0 7:05 0.4
50 ... 1:57 5.3 7:44 1.9 1:39 4.7 7:38 0.»
Jl . 2:26 5.3 S:SS 1.6 tOi 4.3 8:14 I.S
1 3:00 5.4 9:29 1.2 3:34 4.0 8:52 1.8
2 '.. 3:38 5.5 10:30 0.9 4:52 3.7 9:42 2.3
3 421 6.6| 11:36 0.6 6:23 3.6 10:40 2.«
NOTE— the above exposition of the tldea
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide ot
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 27. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. ln charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Weeott...* Yaquina Bay
Santa Rosa San Diego
Mineola Tacoma
Ruth Coos Bay
Crescent City... [Crescent City
National City. .Grays Harbor
Peru I Panama
Aloha jPolnt Arena
Arcata [Coos Bay
Columbia IPortland
C. Nelson |Puget Sound
Coos Bay jNewport ,
Chllkat Humboldt
Wellington [Departure Bay ,
Fulton iPortlar.d
Czarina IPuget Sound
Grace Dollar... jGrays Harbor
Australia {Honolulu
Alliance (Portland ,
Newburg Ifirays Harbor
North Fork | Humboldt
Corona....- [San Diego
Queen ] Victoria & Puget Sound
Pomona ! Humboldt j:
Curacao iCoos Bay I;
Point Arena jPolnt Arena ;
Orizaba 'jNewport |:
Coptic iChlna and Japan ;
Aztec 'China and Japan ]
Goo. "W. Elflor.. Portland I]
Jan. 23
Jan. 2$
Jan. 23
Jan. 28
Jan. 2S
Jan. 28
Jan. 29
Jan. 29
Jan. 29
Jan. 30
Jan. 30
Jan. 30
Jan. X
Jan. 30
Jan. 30
Jan. 30
Jan. 30
Jan. .11
Jan. 31
Jan 31
Feb. 1
Feb. 1
Feb. 1
Feb. 1
I Feb. 3
Feb. 2
Feb. 3
Feb. 3
Feb. 3
I Feb. 4
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
rizaba [Newport
ty Sydney ' Panama
t Arena.. 'Point Arena..
W. Elder Portland
'eeott I Yaqulna Bay.
jmona ...JHumboldt
umboldt .Alaska
inta Rosa San Diego
matllla .. Vie & Pgt Sd.
illkat Humbnldt
rcata Cons Bay I
>cs Bay.., Newport
loha Point Arena..
iccelsior ..Alaska I
)lumbia ..[Portland !
ty of Rio'Chlna* Japan 1
Iliance ..JOregnn P(.>rts.i
jrona .... San DtegO....
Jan. 28. 9 am Pier
Jan. 28, 12 m'PMS
Jan. 28, 3 pmiPier
Jan. 28, 10 am' Pier
Jan. 28, 6 pmiPier
Jan. 29, 2 pm Pier
Jan. 29, 10 amlPler
Jan. 30, 11 am , Pier
Jan. 31, 10 amjPier
Jan. 31, 2 pmPier
I Jan. 3L 10 am Pier
Feb. 1, 9 amj Pier
Feb. 1, 3 pmiPier
iFeb. 1, 9 amlPier
Feb. 2, 10 amPier
Feb. 2, 1 pmjFMS
iFeb. 2. 10 am' Pier
IFeb. 3. 11 am ! Pier
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, January 17.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 49 hours from Coos
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, 62 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Centennial. Pierce, 88 hours from
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, 85 hours from
Tacoma. . _
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17% hours from Eureka.
Stmr Weeott, Dunham, 83 hours from Ya
qulna Bay, etc. _*-. _
Ship Two Brothers, H days from Departure
Schr Archie and Fontie, Johannsen, 13 hours
from Stewarts Point.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 60 hours from
Coquille River. ._ _ -  ,_
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 24 hours from
Flsks Mill. -,-,.__-.
CLEARED.
Friday, January 27.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall, San Pedro; aoodall. Per
kins & Co.
Stmr G XV Elder. Hinkle, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Co.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanalmo; R
Dunsmulr's Sons.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanalmo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Br ship Andrada, Adams, Portland; Meyer,
Wilson & Co.
Schr John G North, Andersen, Honolpu;
Hind, Rolph & Co.
SAILED.
Friday. January 27.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Scotia, Lundqui3t, Eureka, '
Stmr Gipsey, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Nanalmo. U22'
Br ship Falls of Halladale. Ferdyce, Tacoma.
Schr La Chllena. Matsen, Fort Ross.
Schr J G Wall, Bjornstrom, Eureka.
Schr Lily, Bottger. Umpqua.
CHARTERS. r-
The Fantasl loads lumber on the Sound for
Europe, 67s 6d.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 27, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan 27 — Stmr Cottage
City, from Dyea,
Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Faralion, for Dyea; stmr
Chas Nelson, for San Francisco; schr Chas E
Falk, for San Francisco.
BANDON— Jan 25— Schr Coquille, hno
Jan 5.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrived Jan 27-Br ship
Iranian, from Victoria.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 27— Stmr Fulton, for
San Francisco. Jan 26— Stmr Signal, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Jan 27— Br ship Iverna, from Shang
hai.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Jan 27— Bark Abby
Palmer, for Sydney.
VENTURA-Salled Jan 27— Stmr Geo Loomis,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Sunol.
from Usal. . j
COOS BAY— Bar bound Jan Stmr Areata,
for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Jan 27— Stmr Hueneme. for
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Brunswick,
hence Jan 26.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Finance, for
New York.
m LlZAßD— Passed Jan 26— Br ship Glenesslln.
from Antwerp, for Oregon
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed Jan 25— ship
Wynford, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
_ SUEZ— Arrived Jan 27— Br stmr Belgic. from
Hongkong, via Manila, for London.-
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan Stmr Victoria,
from Tacoma. .
Railed Jan 25— stmr Glenogle. for Tacoma.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Jan Schr Lyman D
Foster, for Port Townsend.
■GUAYMAS— SaiIed Jan 26— Stmr Curacao, for
San Francisco,IS JOHN NICHOLL
ENGAGED TO WED
MISS JANE HODGE?
An Announcement Which Has Stirred
Society Circles in East
'Ml- % Oakland.
The Capitalist Is Over Seventy Years of
|§3 -/ Age and His Alleged Fiancee Is
His Niece by Marriage— The
Betrothal Denied.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27.— "The engage
ment is announced of John
Nicholl of 1351 Fourth avenue and
Miss Jane Hodge of Lester aye
.. nue. East Oakland.''
; This little social item recently pub
lished aroused much curiosity in Oak
land, where John Nicholl and his fam
ily are well known. Nicholl is a man
of eat wealth. He was the owner of
a. large portion of Point Richmond,
which he sold to the Valley Railroad.
He also owns several valuable proper
ties in' the heart of the city.
John. Nicholl is over 70 years of age
and- has been a widower for many
years. His family is all grown up and
several of his children are married and
live.-near him. His palatial home is on
Fourth avenue, where he resides with
two- unmarried daughters. No one
kfie'w that the old millionaire had any
idea, .-of ever again taking a mistress
into his home and the announcement
created genuine surprise. No one, not
e.Veiii his intimate friends whom he
■"iriee.ts every day, had any occasion to
think that Nicholl was looking for an
other wife and the news of the engage
ment, was therefore regarded as a mis
take.
-. Now it is stated positively that the
iioti.ce of the engagement is false and
rhat'-it is part of a mystery that is
..•ally being solved. Miss Nicholl
and Mrs. Wilson, two daughters of the
; it'alist. declare that the story of
their' father's engagement is false and
they cannot "understand why it should
b.'ive'been published.
-There have been rumors during: the
past few days that the capitalist might
soon appear as the defendant in a
breach of promise suit. Nothing: defi
nite has been developed, and the story
Is scoffed at by Nicholl's relatives, but
still the mysterious announcement of
the engagement stands and there is
something yet to be told.
Miss Jane Hodge is a niece of John
Nicholl, and it is said that she has
NEVILLS COMPLICATES
RAWHIDE LITIGATION
FILE?. A NEW,. SUIT AGAINST
MABTIN AND BALLABD.
Garret McEnerney Appears as Coun- ;
sel for the App Consolidated
Gold Mining Company.
•: Litigants are cropping up and compli
cations, are assuming a more serious con
dition in the battle now on for the posses
sion pf the. celebrated App and Rawhide
mines. Yesterday the motion on behalf
§ of. Martin and Ballard, Captain Nevills'
mining partners, to fix the amount of
bond on appeal from the order appoint
-.rngMyer Jacobs receiver of the big mines
was. heard and denied by Judge Hebbard.
. A = petition was then presented by Garret
•'McEnerney, on behalf of the App Con
: solidated Gold Mining Company, In which
■■'ihe 'court was requested to revoke the
-.Order, appointing the receiver.
'. •'•"."_ • ■.:!]-' original complaint he stated
that the App Consolidated Gold Mining
Company was represented by himself and
two. partners, each holding one-third of
the stock— in fact, intimating that the
company was simply a dummy corpora
tion, •-. representing the copartnership.
This is denied in the petition presented
by Attorney McEnerney, and it is stated
trial the stock in this corporation is held
by various mining men. This puts a new
. status to the case, and Monday morning
the proofs substantiating the various as
sertions of the petition will be presented
'■arid the motion to revoke the order ap
pointing the receiver will be argued.
,': - ;_.ate yesterday afternoon another suit
• .was filed by Nevills and his wife, involv
ing 16,666 2-3 lares of the mining com
.ji'any. j In the complaint the court is
prayed to declare that this amount of
stock, . which represents the interests of
.Martin and Ballard, is simply held in
trust by them for the benefit of the plain
tiffs.
: .(:/ BOXING AT SACBAMENTO.
.'Stelzner and Silverthorn Will Meet
;:.'-,':• in a. Twenty-Bound Bout on
.;,':•' Monday Evening.
-. v : . : :Thp Sacramento Athletic Club is very
.-[•much pleased at the prospects ahead for
'V «f -'large crowd at its next boxing enter
:.: \a4nment, which will take place Monday
• 'Evening. R. E. Callahan, the match
'• maker for the club, stated yesterday that
- J_Ck Stelzner Is in splendid trim for a
.'twenty-round contest with Thomas Silver-
.■■ijio'rn, an Eastern pugilist, who is report
•••ed*as'ibeing a hard man to whip. Accord
ing, to agreement the pugilists will weigh
'..•■in at 3 p. m. on Monday at 165 pounds.
. S-tc.lzner Is already at weight and his
'.friehds will be very much disappointed if
he should fail to whip his opponent
"handily. rthorn, it is said, has
-whipped some very promising heavy
.. Weights in the Eastern States, and his
.'•Jpa'c-ker is wagering even money that he
.' will, surprise Stelzner long before the
.'. twentieth round is reached. The club has
.'a-.'few small bouts arranged which will
be "put on" before the event of the
evening Is called.
.* Wreck of the Jewel.
.-.The steam schooner Jewel was wrecked
op. t*he rocks, near Caspar, Mendocino
County, on January 13 of this year, and
• the- United States local inspectors of
st.cam vessels took the testimony in the,
oa'sc last week. Yesterday they rendered
their decision, suspending Carl Schll
lehsky, first mate, for the term of two
•years, and Captain J. N. J. Madsen for
one year. The evidence showed that the
oGVcers of the schooner were on a coast
.tyeH known to be dangerous, yet they
•tabic, no soundings nor any cross bear
ings from the Fort Bragg light and the
•Caspar slat) Are. The mate was in charge
''if the schooner at the time. The captain
•was. censured for leaving the vessel in
•charge of the mate in heavy weather and
•In such a dangerous locality. .
■♦ ■ -
The Coopers' Union.
-..The Journeymen Coopers' Union has ap
pointed a committee to make arrange
ments for a grand excursion and picnic
to be given In Mirabeau Park on the 2Sth
of May.
Dr. George C. Pardee,
Eye. Ear, Nose and Throat, has removed
to. Chronicle building, second floor.. • .
seen not less than half a century of
life. She could not be induced to
answer the door bell to-night to tell
what she might know in the latest
sensation in Peralta Heights society.
She lives in a cottage on Lester avenue,
about a couple of blocks from the beau
tiful Nicholl residence.
John Nicholl could not be seen at his
home to-night, and one of his daugh
ters, who said that she was authorized
to speak for her father, was very re
ticent. She denied the fact of the en
gagement, however.
"It is simply a fake," she said, "and
we don't care to talk about it. My
father read the announcement of the
engagement and has nothing to say.
So far as his transferring certain prop
erty to an Incorporation is concerned,
he has been doing that for the past
two years." >...-..
She frankly stated that she was ac
quainted with Miss Hodge, but refused
to give her address. When asked as
to whether Mr. Nicholl denied the pub
lished announcement. Miss Nicholl de
clined to answer, and ended the inter
view.
Mrs. Lou Wilson, another daughter of
John Nicholl, residing at 1272 Fifth
avenue, was also questioned and she
emphatically denied the statement.
"There is absolutely nothing in it,"
she said, "because my father told me
so."
She stated also that Miss Jane Hodge
was a niece of Mr. Nicholl, and that she
did not know where the lady lived, only
that it was on Lester avenue. She
could not see what object any one could
have in publishing the engagement
when there was no truth in it and as to
a report of Miss Hodge's intention to
sue on a breach of promise she could
not see what grounds there were for
such action.
No member of the family will give
any explanation of the announcement
of the engagement, except to deny that
there ever was any such intention to
marry on the part of Mr. Nicholl, and
all refused to discuss the part taken in
the affair by Miss Jane Hodge, except
to admit that she is a niece of the capi
talist.
MRS. REGAN KEPT
CHASING KENNEDY
WITNESSES TESTIFY TO HEB
WATCHING FOB HIM.
Defendant Was So Affected by the
Strain That She Was Led From
the Courtroom in Tears.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Elizabeth Regan, charged with the murder
of Policeman Thomas H. Kennedy, was
continued before Judge Graham yester
day. A large number of witnesses were
examined, but nothing of a sensational
nature was brought out.
Most of the witnesses were put on the
stand by Attorney Barrett for the prose
cution to disprove Mrs. Johnston's state
ment at the Coroner's inquest that her
sister wanted to get rid of Kennedy, but
he was constantly pestering her. It was
shown by several witnesses that Mrs.
Regan was always running after Kennedy
and watched for him at places where, he
used to call or pass. Some of these wit
nesses were Park Policemen Arellanes
and Norton, ox-Policeman Wilkinson,
Mrs. E. M. Rogers, Detective Cody. Wil
liam Spaight, William Michelson, Mar
garet Kennedy and George M. Cesar.
Mrs. Victoria Wagner was again re
called and denied emphatically that she
had ever told any one of a conversation
she had with Mrs. Regan, when Mrs.
Regan told her she was going to marry
Kennedy and had torn a photograph of
Gertrude Sohrman, Kennedy's fiancee,
into pieces.
Miss Sohrman resumed her testimony
and said that she was to have been mar
ried to Kennedy before May 1 this year.
The Sunday before he was killed he had
urged her to marry him the next day as
he was afraid of Mrs. Regan. The last
time she saw him alive was the night be
fore his death. For six months Mrs.
Regan was asked by Kennedy at the re
quest of witness to give up all thought
of him. Sometimes she would agree and
at other times she would declare she
would have his heart's blood if he married
any other woman. Witness kept Ken
nedy's money and at- the time he joined
the force she had $385 and she gave him
$100 to buy his uniform. This contradicted
Mrs. Regan's statement that she helped
to buy Kennedy's uniform.
When the court adjourned Mrs. Regan
was In tears and she continued to weep
all the way to the City Prison. The ex
amination will be resumed Tuesday morn
ing.
Contest May Be Dismissed.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell's contest, directed
against Dr. Hill, for the office of Coroner,
may be dismissed to-day. The contest
ant has some 2000 votes to overcome be
fore he can be declared elected, and up
to date he has been making slow progress.
Owing to the rulings of the court, he
gained twenty-one votes ln the Thirty- j
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I IF YOU' ALLOW
)
J A Druggist to "palm off" a cheap substitute upon you, when
I you ask for a Genuine Article, he attacks your intellectuality.
I
I IF CONSTIPATED YOU WANT RELIEF.
I
! NATURE HAS PROVIDED THE REMEDY.
YOUR DRUGGIST HAS IT.
YOUR PHYSICIAN WILL RECOMMEND IT.
Tha World's Beat __t_ — __ _ _. _ SB _ _H_r .-_ ki
""SSL jE_fHm_-__l_ J__ _!__& Tak ° N °
Aperient Water Qaa!l_\yfl&t__ tft&__3fls Substitutes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUBDAY, JANUARY 28, 1899.
first District, and yesterday he gained
eighteen votes, but at this rate he will
still be far behind at the end of the count.
Yesterday afternoon Dr. O'Donnell s
counsel stated that he would consult with
his client and inform Judge Hunt as to
his determination, and would inform the
court whether or not the contest would
be dismissed or continued. As J u, b?o
Hunt has made arrangements to call his
calendar Monday, It -is thought that the
contest will be dismissed, and that Dr.
O'Donnell will await another election to
win the coveted office.
ABLE LEADERS,
NOVEL FIGURES
Friday Fortnightly and the
Entre Nous Hold Their
Regular Dances.
Society was well represented at the
meeting of the Friday Fortnightly class
held last evening at Lunt's Hall.
In deference to the elaborate enter
tainments that came in the way of the
regular meeting night of the popular club
the dance which should have taken place
a fortnight ago was omitted, and last
night's dance was the first one of the new
year. y-yyy.
Waiting for the Fortnightly but in
creased the appetite for the charming af
fairs, and last night saw even a larger
assemblage than usual. .rt.r
Lloyd Robins led alone, and introduced
several very pretty figures. The young
ladies were all beautifully gowned, and
all the buds were present.
The members of the Kntre Nous Cotillon
gave their fourth assembly and german
last evening at the Palace Hotel. Like all
previous meetings of this popular and
fashionable organization the affair was
a distinct and brilliant success. Fifty
couples— the full club membership—par
ticipated and danced six pretty and origi
nal figures. Those present were:
Misses Blake, Joost, McCloskey, Alma Hlnk,
Neva Swain, Mabel Phillips. Winifred Stateler.
Gertrude Scott, Sadie Ludlow, Clara Campe,
Martha Lieee, Emma Prosek, Linda Frttchard,
Belle Llpp, Frieda Pockwitz, Mac Ludlow,
Millie Plagemann, Lillian Lubben, Louise
Heppner, Mabel McFadden, Belle Rapp, Regina
Plagemann, Edith Bruce, Mrs. Frank L. Piatt,
Mrs. Edward G. Carrera, Mrs. George W.
Lippman, Miss Lillian Schroeder, Mrs. George
D. Graham. Miss Madeline Leahy, James T.
Ludlow, Dudley Behlow. T. M. Stateler, Dr.
Frank L. Piatt. Hon. Frank H. Kerrigan, J.
J. Van Nostrand, Fred Hlnk. Henry Plage
mann, Merrltt Robinson, Herman H. Herzer,
R. C. Thompson, Clarence Burke. Jason Gould,
Dr. J. C. Stinson, H. R. Jackson, William F.
Burgers, Dr. J. C. Stephens, Charles T.
O'Kane. D. T. Bern*. Charles ' Rose, W. H.
Robinson. William B. Meckfessel, George Gra
ham, Edward Carrera, Arthur Meussdorffer,
Oscar Meussdorffer, Robert L. France, Robert
F. Haight, Dr. J. W. Likens. William F.
Hooke, Dana Wise, Dr. A. J. Sylvester, Dr.
Frank L. Piatt, John F. Plagemann, Randall
Phillips.
CHINESE ROBBERS.
Four Highbinders Loot the Safe of a
Ross Alley Gambling Den.
A bold robbery by Chinese highbinders
took place early yesterday morning in the
Chinese gambling house of Xi Fook, 32
Ross alley, off Jackson street.
At a quarter to 6 o'clock four highbind
ers, without the slightest attempt to dis
guise themselves or to conceal their fea
tures, entered, the premises through the
front door, which they had opened with a
skeleton key.
In the gambling room are two bunks,
one close to the floor and the other close
to the ceiling. A Chinese attendant of the
club was asleep in each. One of the rob
bers climbed the ladder leading to the
upper bunk, thrust the muzzle of a Colt's
navy revolver in the face of the aston
ished occupant and threatened to blow
out his brains If he dared to move or
make an outcry. The other robbers poked
their pistols into the face of the man in
the lower bunk and demanded the key
of the safe under penalty of death should
he refuse.
He surrendered the keys and the rob
bers opened the safe and appropriated
its contents, amounting to $397. Then they
went out into the alley and disappeared.
The gambling house is incorporated un
der the laws of this State as the Occiden
tal Union Club.
The police have been notified of the rob
bery. y.:,,' ; :y. y?.il ,-' .V-. y
MAY ALLOW APPBOPBIATIONS.
Supervisors Strive to Secure the Pass
age of Their Pet Measure.
The appropriations set aside by the Su
pervisors for various purposes and which
the Finance Committee suggested be held
in abeyance until the end of the fiscal
year, will be acted upon separately. Each
has its supporters among the members
and it was found impossible to sidetfack
all the propositions. The board will pass
upon the most important of them on Mon
day, when bids will be opened for the con
struction of the Seventeenth-street Police
Station. The board may award the con
tract at that time if it so desires. The
others will be acted upon separately.
Li. C. Irving of the last Grand Jury ap
peared before the Finance Committee
yesterday and asked that Experts Kll
patrick and Atherton be paid for the serv
ices they rendered that august body. The
decision of the matter was left with the
City and County Attorney. - . '.
The committee instructed Superintend
ent of Streets Fragley to notify Contrac
tor McDonald that the bitumen pavement
on Folsom street, nearly throughout its
entire length, and that on Third from
Howard to Mission, is in bad condition,
and .must be repaired as required by his
contract.
Town Talk.
Every retail merchant in the city will
be Interested In the editorial upon debts
and debtors' prisons in this week's Town
Talk. Then there is a capital disserta
tion upon clergymen and politics. A suc
cessful business woman. Alma E. Keith,
is pictured upon the title page and the
new fad, hand photography, is- discussed.
The Saunterer tells some good stories and
gives accounts of late social events.
There is a storiette, in which The Gossip
satirically sketches a late engagement.
Graphology, Music and The Stage are
Interesting, with the Ensemble and Ml
netti concerts, and other events. *
Death of a Morhpine Victim.
C. W. Ash. a man of 60 years of age,
was -found dead in bed yesterday morning
in room 19, 11 St. Charles place. He was
a victim to the excessive use of morphine
administered subcutaneously. The de
ceased claimed to be a member of the
Grand Army of the Republic* but Com
rade Bullls of that organization informed
Coroner Hill that Ash was an impostor
and had probably been a deserter from
the army.
St. Paul's Conversion.
The feast of conversion of St. Paul, the
apostle, which is the patronal feast of
the Paulist Order, will be celebrated at
St. Mary's Church, on California street,
to-morrow (Sunday) by a solemn high
mass at 11 o'clock. Rev. Charles H.
Ramm of St. Mary's Cathedral wili
reach. A special vesper service will also
be held at 7:45 p. m., at which Rev. P. J.
McCorry will preach.
SMALLPOX CASE
AT SACRAMENTO
Oakland Man Contracts
the Disease.
IS IN THE COUNTY HOSPITAL
EVERY PRECAUTION TAKEN TO
PREVENT AN EPIDEMIC. ;'
Need of a Quarantine to Check In
roads From Infected Districts
of Arizona and New
Mexico.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 27.— The an-
nouncement . that there was a genuine
case of smallpox at the County Hospital
produced considerable of a sensation
here to-day. The name of the patient
is Albert Honedin. He came from Oak
land a few days ago and was ill. Hav
ing no means he was sent to the hos
pital for treatment. His illness con
tinued and yesterday the unmistakable
smallpox rash broke out on him. Dr.
G. A. White, the superintendent, has re
moved the patient to the isolated ward
intended for the care of such cases and
all the patients in the general hospital
have been vaccinated. There is be
lieved to be no likelihood whatever of
a spread of the malady, Dr. G. A.
White and the local Board of Health
having taken every precaution.
Dr. W. P. Mathews, secretary of the
State Board' of Health, said to The
Call correspondent this afternoon that
there were in this State at present
about six cases of smallpox, but not a
greater number. All, said the doctor,
had their origin in Arizona. The cases
exist in the southern part of the State,
several having been reported from Los
Angeles and San Bernardino. Dr.
Mathews said that cases have been de
tected coming from New Mexico. A
thorough quarantine has been estab
lished on the California State line to
prevent the further introduction of the
disease. •
Honedin, the patient confined at the
County Hospital, says he recently
passed through New Mexico and It is
believed he became exposed to the dis
ease in the locality to which Dr.
Mathews refers.
HIEIER PLACED ON TRIAL.
Ran Over and Instantly Killed Eliz
abeth A. Finley Last August.
John J. Hieier, the brewery wagon
driver, who on August 29 last ran over
and instantly killed Elizabeth A. Finley
at the corner of Bush and Larkin streets,
was placed on trial before Judge Cook
and a jury yesterday morning on a charge
of manslaughter.
A score of witnesses were on hand to
give testimony. H. C. "Vanmarle testified
that he saw Mrs. Finley start to cross the
street, and then, to his horror, saw her
knocked down by the horses and crushed
beneath the wheels. She was wheeling? _
baby in a little buggy, and the child, Was
thrown to the street, though not seriously'
Injured; and the little buggy-was.tom'tp;
pieces. - Joseph Corbett also witnessed the
accident. The prisoner simply looked
around, the witness said, after he drove
over the unfortunate woman, and then
hurried on. The witness jumped into his
buggy and followed the driver of ' the
brewery wagon, and caught him on Fine
street, near Polk. Corbett informed Hieier
that he had killed a woman, "but," said
the witness, "he did not seem to appre
ciate what I was saying; he seemed stupe
fied." Corbett took a piece of the baby
buggy from the brake block of the brew
ery wagon, where it 'had lodged, and took
it back to the scene of the accident. Cor
bett then informed a police officer, and
Hieier was placed under arrest. Other
witnesses corroborated the story given
by Vanmarle and Corbett, and the case
went over until to-day.
VETERAN FIREMEN.
Those of the First Ten Years of the
Paid Fire Department Effect a
Permanent Organization.
The San Francisco Veteran Firemen's
Association, composed of those men who
served during the first ten years of the
paid Fire Department of this city, met in
the hall of the Exempts last Wednesday
and permanently organized by electing
the following named officers, who will
serve for the first term: George XV. Ken
nard, president; Richard Cox, first vice
president; Thomas Carew, second vice
president; Fred C. Hensley, treasurer;
James Bahrs, financial secretary; W. G.
Cue, recording secretary; James Bone
field, marshal; Charles Bell, sergeant at
arms; J. J. Maloney, James W. Kentzell,
Tom Sawyer, Samuel McDowell. James
Grady, Morris Baker and D. M. Burns,
trustees.
The new association now numbers forty.
It is proposed to canvass those members
of the department who belonged to It be
tween the years 1566 and 1876 and induce
them to join the new organization, and
when the canvass shall have been con
cluded then those men who were in the
department between the years 1876 and
1886 will be asked to join. To perpetuate
the organization the time will be extended
from time to time.
Hall Came expresses his opinion
of American journalism in next Sun
day's Call.
VERY COSTLY HUNTING.
W. N. Concannon Arrested for Shoot-
ing Pheasants in Fresno
County.
W. N. Concannon, the contractor, was
down in Fresno County a short time ago
and while there indulged in a little hunt
ing that is likely to prove very, expensive.
He had a contract to build a bridge,, and
when the work was nearly done he went
out for game with his shotgun. By some
ill luck Concannon ran across a beauti
ful Mongolian pheasant, one of a lot that
the State Fish Commissioners had been
at a great expense to have brought from
China for propagating purposes.
. A number of these game birds had been
liberated • . near Sanger by ; the Fresno
Sportsmen's Club, and all over the coun
try notices were posted warning hunters
that it Is against the law to kill or molest
this kind of protected game. The tempta
tion was too great and Concannon shot at
the bird, cutting out a lot' of feathers,
' but he failed to secure the fowl. This
was bad enough, but not satisfied to let
well enough alone he boasted of what he
had done in the presence of a number of
sportsmen Interested in the preservation
of the new game birds.
In a very short time A. N. Ferguson,
Game Warden of Fresno County, was in
full possession of the facts and he swore
out a warrant for the arrest of the offend
er before Justice C. P. Walker of- Sanger.
Yesterday Deputy Sheriff J. S. Irvine of
Fresno County called at Concannon's of
fice ln the Crocker. building and when the
contractor came placed him under . ar
rest. The would-be pheasant shooter was
obliged to hustle around for $100 ball for
his appearance in the Justice Court .of
Sanger. Later in the afternoon he called
at the office of the Fish and Game Com
mission to see if the matter could be fixed
up without his being obliged to go to
Fresno, but he received a very chilly re
ception by the men who have expended
so much money to get the pheasants
from- China. The Fresno officer states
that, the people In his county are very in
dignant 'at the contractor's attempt to
kill the beautiful bird and that Concan
' '
non is likely to receive the full benefit of
the law for the offense.
A Judge's Compliment.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
paid a High compliment yesterday morn
ing to Marshal P. Wood worth, First As
sistant United States Attorney. The court
said that Mr. Woodworth was worthy of
praise for the fidelity with which he was
attending to the duties of his office. He
had never been absent from a single ses
sion of court, and Judge Morrow modestly
added that he himself used to do likewise
when he occupied the same office, and he
was gratified to find that Mr. Woodworth
was faithfully following his example.
Varnishers and Polishers.
At the meeting of the union of Varnish
ers and Polishers last night it was de
cided to join the Labor Council, and Otto
Schulz was chosen as delegate.
Bishop Montgomery of Los Ange
les has a sermon to tne workingmen
of America, in next Sunday's Call.
College Class Officers.
BERKELEY, Jan. 27.— The sophomore
class of the University of California held
an election of officers this morning. The
ballot showed the following to be elected:
President, E. A. Dickson; vice presidents,
C. L. Bigelow, I. C. Flaa; secretary, L. I.
Gale; treasurer, J. H. Steinhart; executive
committee— N. M. Moran, J. E. Gustafson,
C. R. Hlnz, Miss F. M. Scott. The fresh
man class held an election at the same
time, which resulted as follows: .Presi
dent, S. C. Walker; vice presidents, W. W.
Smith, E. M. Long; secretary, Miss M.
Wilder; treasurer, L. G. Smith; track
captain, W. A. Powell; executive com
mittee—W. D. Root, B. W. Reid, W. H.
Dow. The senior class will vote for of
ficers by ballot next Monday. The candi
dates for president are Earl Swan. W. T.
Mooney, Harold S. Symmes and Ray V.
Nye.
Ernest Dozier to Lecture.
BERKELEY, Jan. 27.— Ernest A. Dozier,
a University of California student, who
gained special recognition for bravery
during the campaign around Manila, has
returned to his home in Berkeley on sick
leave. Young Dozier joined the Philip
pine expedition as a private in the Signal
Corps, and for his bravery in repairing
the connection of a broken electric wire
during the heat of battle was promoted
to the rank of sergeant. By request of
Professor Frank Soule, commandant of
the University Corps of Cadets, he will
narrate his experiences In the Philippines
before the senior class in military next
Tuesday afternoon, at 3:45 o'clock. The |
lecture of Major Robert H. Noble set for j
the same date has been postponed one
week. "' .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOUNG AT SIXTY.
Serene comfort and happiness in ad-
vanced years are realized by compara-
tively few women.
Their hard lives, their liability to se-
rious troubles on account of their pecu-
liar organism and their profound igno-
rance concerning themselves, all com-
bine to shorten the period of usefulness
and fill their later years with suffering.
Mrs. Tinkham has done much to make
women strong. She has given advice
to many that has shown them how to
guard against disease and retain vigor- '
ous health in old age. From every cor-
ner of the earth there is constantly com-
ing the most convinciug statements
from women, showing the efficacy of
Lydia E. "Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound in overcoming female ills. Here
is a letter from Mrs. J. C. Orms, of 220
Homer St. , Johnstown, Pa., which is
earnest and straight to the point :
'• Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I feel it my
duty to tell all suffering women that I
think your remedies are wonderful. I ,
had trouble with my head, dizzy spells
and hot flashes. Feet and hands were
cold, was very nervous, could not sleep
well, had kidney trouble, pain in
ovaries and congestion of the womb. .
Since taking your remedies I am better
every way My head trouble is all
gone, nave no pain in ovaries, and am
cured of womb trouble. I can eat and
sleep well and am gaining in flesh. I
consider your medicine the best to be
had for female troubles."
The present Mrs. Pinkham's experi-
ence in treating female ills' is unparal-
lelled, for years she worked side by
side with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and
for sometime past has had sole charge
of the correspondence department of
her great business, treating by letter
as many as a hundred thousand ailing
women during a single year.
People Will Talk!
They will talk about YOU, and you can't pre-
vent them, if yon look pale and sickly and com-
plain of sleeplessness, loss of memory and weak
ness. Their remarks will not be always good-
natured, either. The world is very cruel. Why
not stop its tongue by taking a treatment of
THE FAMOUS
PERFECTO TABLETS
—the handy pocket Tablets that you can carry
with you everywhere. PERFECTO TAB-
LETS nourish tho nerves; they repair shattered
health; they revive memory; they insure sound
sleep; they give relief to the waste and drain
of vital powers, incurred by excesses or indls
cretions of early years; they restore ambition;
they impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion and brace up the system in men and women
young and old; they give bloom to the cheeks'
and lustre to the eyes; they make you healthy
and happy. . They , .
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents 6 Boxes at 83.50, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure or
Vital Energy. Money Refunded,
.- Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building. Chicago. 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlsine and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on , Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
321 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
X^^v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
_Wf__lf_ *>- ,f > KEABKT ST. Established
_f , !_ g -_ft In 1834 for the treatment of Prlvata
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARNY »T. Established
ln 1854 for the treatment of Private
Plseiiaes, Lost Manhood. Debility or
_____£$_ disease wearing on body ami mind and
.Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
__r__§_»J others fall. Try him. Charges low
_M_fi3H__Care«Buarani«»«»-. Callorwrlte.
Sir. J. _'. —initio X. Box I*l37. San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES,
HORSE EXCHANGE,^
721 HOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD,
. San Francisco.
We Will Sell at Auction,
SATURDAY. JANUARY 28, 1899.
Commencing 'at 11 a. m., , :
A Consignment . of Draft Horses, Trotters
and '. Pacers, fine Roadster Teams, Saddle
Horses, Buggies, Carts, Harness, etc.
-WM. O. LAYNG. Live Stock Auctioneer.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
', Steamer "Monticello."
'.■ Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office, Mlssion-st. Dock, Pier No.
2. Telephone, Main 1508.
FARE ........... 600 -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
near signature of /^^^^
. ______ ____________ —___—_■_■________
Tery small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SFF I a dttd'p I FOR headache. SFF
31:11 CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. * £E
genuine BBITTLE BILIOUSNESS. genuine
GENUINE Hivfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER it_g " ™ ""■•" ""['„. WRAPPER
,— I [FOR THECOMPLEXSOH
- . G__C_Tr_E MUaTMAVISjpMATUWS.
25 cants I Pnr_y Vejfet_blo.^<^>^^^ <
*^ ___mm Wssm
. "FieiITTEID OUST _.eid paper."
. . 1 1
f^c^&y o ANc E R
X . J___l B__L__r No KN|r " E °r PAIN
_■ J 1 __B ss^r No P * y unt Curod
•^^r^B ■■^^ Any lump in a tvo-
W^ -_ B_^^ man's breast is cancer,
and if allowed to get
large, always poisons
Jjjk l_^^>_ the glands in tbe arm-
_^_^il P^- W ncu the cancer
sT Cj|^^^^__# i\ i n the armpit gets
- S large cure is impossi-
ble. Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
with testimonials of thousands I have cured.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M.D., Office 25 Third St.,S.F.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
OCEAN TBAVEL. ~~~~~
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
! fek Steamers leave Broadway
■HBfc__ wha^f, San Francisco:
B_a_ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
' BP'_rJ-_'\ Jan - 1: 16 - 21 - 26 - ,1; Feb 5:
■ C_k __i_l__ change at Seattle.
'. |KS_'*___l For Victoria. Vancouver, (B.
Kli_W?S'2*^_Vl C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
"^^^__*_i_A Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash),
10 a. m., Jan. 11, 16. 21, 26, 31;
Feb. 6. and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
| Alaska __ G. N. By. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
at Vancouver to C. F. Ky. . m ,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Jan..
' 14, 19, 24, 29; Feb. 8, and every fifth day there-
af For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
i Cayucos Port Harford. (San ■ Luis Obispo).
; Gaviota' Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
I San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
| Newport, 9 a. m.. Jan. 12, IS. 20. 24, 28; Feb.
I 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
i ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Jan. 14, 18, «2. 2«. 30, Feb. 3. and every
fourth day thereafter. _ ,- T . .
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guavmas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Jan. 14. Feb. 9.
Mar. 9, Apr. 6.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
anil hours of palling
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). _'"■'_
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco. ■
"the 0. R. & N. CO,
'DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS ""O
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $ 2 First Class Including Berths
iMIIC 58 Second Class and Meals.
> Columbia sails Jan. 3, 13. 23, Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. 8, 18, 28, Feb. 7.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butta,
| Helena and all points in the Northwest.
! Through tickets to all points East.
m. > ■'■■■ E. C. WARD, General Agent. .
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS _ CO.. -»..\«
1 Superintends,
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
i YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
' Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
! connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
I India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. Jan. 25
AMERICA MARU....... Tuesday, Feb. 21
HONGKONG MARU Friday, March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS ____
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday _^f**_T>
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North ______
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NORMANDIE Jan. 28
LA GASCOGNE Feb, 4
/LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 11
LA BRETAGNE Feb. IS
LA TOURAINE Feb. 25
First class to Havre. $65 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. 315, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI _ CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
fSSBPHRSSIf s - S - AUSTRALIA
_%«____fi_f sails for Honolulu
•__ m Wednesday. February
_ _^- .B,at2 p. m.
G>4*r^_X!_ N The * S. S. Moana
rt_nlllSn D* sails 'a Honolulu and
a __a___ii Auckland for Sydney
(OfflßufCcb Wednesday, Feb. 22.
r y* at 10 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office-327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAILBOArTTBAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves _an
Cisco via Los Angeles at ii
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
' DAY. FRIDAY^
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th-i
following Thursday, Saturda/
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1:30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
M FRAHCISCO TICKEfWICE — 111 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN IBM.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol i Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 18S9, trains will run as follows:
South-bound I I North-bound.
1
Passen-| Mixed. | I Mixed. [Passen-
ger. ! Sunday| ISundayi ger..
Dally. |Exc'ptdj Stations. lExc'ptdl Dally.
7:2o am|lo:3o ami Stockton | 3:45 pml 6:oopm
•9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced • 12:40 pml 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35pm Fresno I 9:3o ami 2:42pm
11:38 am 7:45pm Hanford I 7:4s ami 1:43 pm
2:25 pm;l2:3(i ami raHersneld 1 2:00 amlll am
11:59 am 6:25pm Vlsalia I 6:4o ami I:22pm
12:15 I 6:53pm I Tulare ] 5:50 am | 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
' For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street, San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) .
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Sept. 11, 1898:
Week Days— SM a m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00. 11:80 a m.. 1:15 p. m,
Round trip from Mill Valley, IL
THOS. COOK A SON, Agents. «1 Marks*
street. "San Francisco.
MOI'TIIKR!* PACIFIC COMPAIfT.
(PACiriC SITHTKM.) •
Vrnln. leare nnrf <*•'« _••« to hitl»« _(
: MAN l'K.t,\t'l.«<».
(Main Line, Foot ol Market Street)
t_v« - From Deo. 18, 1598. - aeritb
"*0:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... • H-.trt
~:00 a Beuicia, Suiauu and Sacramento. . . . Bi_3f
~:<»Oa MarißTille, OrOTtlleand Redding iia
Woodland Bi4sr> .
7:OOa Klmira, VaoaTille and Ramsey B:_s*
7:,' to a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Oklfartan aud Santa Rosa OslSp
8:00 a Atlantic Expreae. tlgdeu and ICant.. B>4sp
»>:ioa Sau .line. LlTermore, Stocktou,
lone, Sacramento, Placeirllle, '
Marysville, (Ihico. lied llluff 4jl»p
Si-Oa 'Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4:lSp
9:00 a Martinet, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno I*sl3p
•-.OOa Fresno, KakersOelil. *B«nta Karhara.
Los Angeles, De_iug, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and Blast 6:45p
10:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:4Sr -
l-:O0_ Niles, LlTermore, Stockton, Sacra*
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Viaalia,
Porterrllle 4: 1 Up
•l:OOr Sacramento Hirer Steauiera *_:OOp
4:WOe Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Caliatoga. Santa Rosa OilSa
4:OOr Benicia, VaoaTille, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Lauding,
MaryaTllle, OroTille 10:43 a
4:SOp Nllea, San Joae and Stockton 7:15p
5: OOp San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfleld, Los
Angeles 9:48
S>Bop Stockton, Merced, Fresno I»:l3p
StZOp Martinez, Traoy, }sendota, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa ITarbara and i.oa
An.-'--* 9i45a,
fS:OOF Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 10 45 A
OiSor Sauta F<- Roulu, AUantJu Kzpreai
for Mojave and Kast ! OHISp
6:00 1- Kuropean Mail, Ojj.len and Kaat.... ' o:4.*Va
6:00p Haywards. NUes and San Jose 7:43 a
•OtOOp Vallejo l-tlDp
HiOOp Vallejo, Port Oosta and Way Sta-
tions 19-43P
StOOp Oregon ICz|ire_, Sacramento, Marys.
Title, Ueildiug, l'oitluud, I'nget
Sound and Kaat 8«10a
■10:OSr Son._t Limited. ' Fresno. Los:
Angeles, El l*_:o, New Orleans
. and Eaat ..■■■..-■ H:43y
SAM LEA M DUO AND lI A AIM'S I,OO A
(Foot of Market Street.) '
T UolroNP, Ni'inlnarr I 'ark, '
«:OOa Fitchbara-, Elmiiursi, 6:«.1a
19:00 a Kan Leandro, Soufti San i*9:4»a
lO.ooa Leandro. Kxtudillo, 10:43 a
ill<OOA ■ Lorenzo, (herr/ , ? : 12 p
3:« OP wn ,| (1:43p
$'?** Hajnarda. «_■■•»'
1 -OOp , Ruus throngli to Niles. • ,fOF
J t From Niles. I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow ('aus;e). *
(Foot of Market Street.) ■.
8:19 a Newark.! 'enU'rvllle, San Joee.Fclton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Station*, ._-•»
*S:l3p Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Bonlder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
--.-', Stationa "10:50 a
4:13p Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... 9:20 a
*11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Buttons ■■•■ t~ :2< *''
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIX rttiSClSCO— Fast of Market Stmt (Slip 8)—
•7:18 9:00 11-.01 U.M. tl:00 •2:00 13:00
•4:00- . 18:00 •6:ooi'._. ■• ' T? 7 *"
rr„o»lLiKD— »„l»*BroddwiT.— -fi:00 8:00 10:00 a.M.
■ 112:00 «1:00 12:00 i 3:03 titOO '3:00--.M.
COAST ItIVISiO.S (Broad Hauge).
(Third and Townsend St<.)
7:©Oa Man Jose and Way Stations (New
' Almaden Wednesdays only) I:_0>
OiOOa San Jose. Tree I'lnoa. Hnuta Cruz,
Pacilic ('rore, I'aso Rubles, San.
'.■.lis <>i'i«i".. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
IO:40a flan .losv and Way 5Ut10n5....:.... *8:OOa
lIiSOa San Jose and Way Stations B:U3a
*»:4Sr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han .lose,
Oilroy, Hollister. Sauta Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
<Jro»e '10:804
•Ri.-|Or San Jose and Way Stations *»:00\
•4il3p San Joae and Principal Way Stations wl4Sa
•3jOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6::55 A
3:B*p Sau .Ti«e ami Principal Way Statious s:.*tOp
8:30 p San Jose and WayStalious TiSOp
t11:45r San Jose and Way Stations 7:«Qp
A for Morning. s I' for Afternoon.
• Hiinriays accepted. 1 Sunflays only, i Saturdays only
and Tlmrsdays. .Tuesdays and Saturdays.
S^atu-ii-u-iand Wednesdays. bTliursdivs and Sundays
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. COL'
X iFISSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIH&
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Poet of Market S_
w^ m BAM FRANCISCO TO SAN KAFAJEIa.
WEEK DATS— 7:80. 9:00. 11:09 a. m.; U:tt.
1:10. 6:10, 6:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trt»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1.*4
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDATS-8:00. 9:30. U;00 a. m. ; 1:M. US*.
C:oo.' «M p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:10. U:10 a. in.; 11:15.
1:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:. "6 P. m.
SUNDAYS— iI:IO. 9:40. U:10 a. no- : Ui*. S:_.
1:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between Sun Francisco and Schuetzen P__
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive ':;
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 14, ■
"Week Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
l:Joam 8:00 ami Novato, . 10:40 am B:*>an»
I:3opm 9:30 arrJ Petaluma. 6:lopm 10 :25 am
: 1:10pm 6:o9p_fl Santa Rosa, 7:85 pmj 6:2lp_i
I ( Fulton. .
, fdOa— I Windsor. 10:15
J Healdsburg,
' Lytton, .
1 Geyservllle, .
t:3Cpm 8:00 am( Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:31 pea
Bopland and
1:10 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 8:32 pm
1:10 am "_, 10:25 a_i
8:00 am Guerneville, 7:35 pm
1:10 pm _ ' 6:11 pssj
: I:3o am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:« an»
and
»:10pm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:33,pns
. 7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopoi. 10:40 am 10:25 ara
" 1:80 pin 6:00 pro - < 7:35 pm' 6:2?pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at' Gay-
aerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale fop
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartletc
Springs: at UkUh for Vichy Springs, Saratoga,
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
■ • John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, HullvUie. Boone— Jle. On"*
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal. Willltts, Laytonvllie. Cum.
Sling's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dysr.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to . Monday round trip tickets as
reduced rates. - '
■ On Sundays round trip tickets to all potato
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 660 Market St.. Chronicle bide
H. C. WHITING. - R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SeituuHto Parry.
FROM SAN FKA_ CISCO To MILL VALLEY
AND' SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. *9:30, 11:00 a. m.; '1:45.
3:45, 6:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— San -Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 51:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, *10.00. _1:3».a. m.; »1:15»
3:00. »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— "*6:3S, 7:45, »9:30 a. m.
i •12:20, 2:20, »3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •8:00, »10:00. M:66 no.;
•1:15, »3:10. 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
i Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and) Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20. 3:20,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
> THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. •■■:.- ....
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
1112
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WILLIE WAS
BEATEN BLUE
HID BLACK
Mrs. Corte Blames a
Teacher.
REPORTS TO THE POLICE
\ c
PRINCIPAL GREENMAN USED A
HEAVY STRAP.
The Mother Says She Condoned a
Similar Offense of a Teacher
Some Months
Ago.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 27.
Mrs. Corte of Brooklyn Township called
on the Chief of Police and the County
Superintendent of Schools to-day, exhib
iting numerous black and blue bruises
on her 10-year-old boy, as proof of a se
vere beating she declares he received from
Principal Greenman of the Lockwood
School. According to Mrs. Cortes story,
there is pressing need for an investiga
tion of the methods In vogue in the Lock
wood School for punishing children.
"This is the second time my boy has
been severely beaten," said Mrs. Corte.
"On a former occasion he was beaten by
Mrs. Comstock, and when I went to the
school and made complaint the teacher
said she was very sorry and asked me
not to say any more about it. She said
that she did not know she had so much
muscle and could mark a boy so much
by beating him. She came to my house
and was so sorry that I regretted having
shown the neighbors the marks on the
boy.
Yesterday my boy came home with a
dozen bruises on him. which had been
Inflicted by Principal Greenman with a
heavy leather strap. His limbs were so
inflamed that I had to bathe him and
attend to him all night, and this morn
ing he could hardly put his right foot,
to the ground. I went to the principal
and he admits beating the boy, and was
surprised when he saw how Willie is cov
ered with bruises. I have placed the
matter in the hands of Chief Fletcher
and he advised me to see Superintendent
Crawford. Mr. Crawford said that If
the circumstances are as represented. It
would be a case for prosecution, and
Judge Larue, who also Inspected the boy.
has advised rm? to swear out a warrant
for Greenman's arrest.
"The whole trouble arose from my boy
Ficklng up a pebble in the school yard.
n order to prevent the boys throwing
rocks a rule has been passed that there
shall be severe punishment for even pick
ing up a pebble. Willie picked up a peb
ble and was reported, and Greenman lost
his temper and beat the boy most un
reasonably."
THE LEAGUE IS A
DULY AUTHORIZED BODY
ITS CANDIDATES WILL COME UP
_0R ELECTION.
Gossip of the — Approaching
Convention of Independent Re
publicans and Democrats.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 27.
. There Is no foundation for any of the
reports that the ticket of the Municipal
League will not be recorded or that the
league must circulate a petition to get
on the ballot. The matter was brought
to the attention of Cary Howard, presi
dent of the league, and he at once stated
that all such talk is sheer nonsense. The
Idea probably started because of the fact
that two years ago the Municipal League
did not hold an Independent convention,
but made up a ticket of indorsements.
Those who are not Ikivorable to the league
started the story that by so doing they
lost their identity as a party and would
therefore have to start out again.
This point was decided in the case of
the general election last fall, and Is the
same in principle as the status of the
fusion ticket. The Municipal League can
didates hold large votes, and although
there is nothing of record to show how
much of the vote was the result of the
Municipal League indorsements and how
much was due to a party nomination, it
has been decided that either party must
get the credit for It.
Some doubt has been raised as to the
eligibility of Henry Menges, who has been
nominated by the Republicans for School
Director from the Sixth Ward.- The law
declares that School Directors must be
heads of families, and in Menges' regis
tration certificate, sworn to by him last
August, he says he is not the head of a
household. He Is the proprietor of a
barber shop, and has been In business here
for some years.
Councilman Brosnahan will not be a
candidate lor re-election on any party
tlcket or independently. He is chairman
0 . the Democratic committee charged
with the duty of nominating a convention
and is therefore barred from being a can
didate at his party convention. It is un
derstood that Councilman Watklnson will
be an independent candidate from the
Sixth Ward, that Henneberry will try
to be elected from the First Ward, and
that Heitman will be an independent can
date for Councilman at large.
Much interest is being shown in the ap
proaching convention to be held next
Monday and Tuesday by the Independent
Republicans and Democrats, respectively
There Is considerable doubt as to the
candidates who will be nominated It
seems to be understood that ex-Mayor
Davie will be a candidate for Mayor, though
whether he will run independently or be
indorsed at either or both of the conven
tions, is not known. Judge Fred V. Wood
may go before the Independent convention
either as candidate for Mayor of City At
torney. It is generally conceded that City
Engineer Clement will be nominated by
the Democrats. It is possible also that he
may receive the support of the Independ
ents.
"Christian Science and Why I
Broke Away From It," by Josephine
Curtis Woodbury, in next Sunday's
Call.
Father Serda's Fair.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27.— Father Serda's
fair, recently held in Sacred Heart Hall
for the benefit of the church rebuilding
fund, proved a decided financial success I
The receipts were as follows: St. An
thony's booth, $454 60; Sacred Heart '
booth, $369 85; Immaculate Conception !
booth, $679 10; Holy Family booth. $92 60" I
St. Joseph's refreshment table and fancy '
booth. $482 85; St. Philomena's booth '
$502 75; Wlldman's show, $14 65. The door
receipts were $67 85. The gross receipts
were $2664 25 and the general expenses but !
$101 70. r uul I
Death of N. S. Howard.
OAKLAND. Jan. 27.— N. S. Howard
died at Walnut Creek yesterday. He
came to . California in 1850 from
Massachusetts, his native State, and was
aged 60 years. In the early days he was a
prominent contractor and builder in San
Francisco.
Hall Came expresses his opinion
of American journalism in next Sun
day's Call*., gj-^
WHO TAUGHT THEM
TO DRINK PUNCH?
Are San Francisco's Cotillons
Accountable fop the Oakland
Buds' Undoing?
OAKLAND has gone and done it. A scandal or so to a city's credit does
not necessarily mean that the town is lost. But a faux pas.
It is all on account of San Francisco. That is the refrain the
Oakland matrons sing. "Our little girls learned to drink punch In San
Francisco. We only serve cofd water at our affairs. San Francisco is a
bad, wicked city. We are going to pray for her on . Sunday In our
churches." i*.
So the country cousin smites the city cousin's other cheek, and all the
metropolitan hospitality is repaid with suburban Ingratitude.
If the Oakland innocent first acquired the taste for punch here who
are the guilty accountable ones? At the dancing classes such a very
weak brew is served that the patronesses in the mildest spirit of apology
always refer to It as lemonade. A bud might drink up all the "punch" at
the Fortnightly dance and nothing more serious result than the 111 feeling
of the other hot, thirsty members.
At the Cinderellas the drink is a bit stronger, but a bias, step Is only
possible at the rate of a three-gallon capacity, rather beyond the most
thirsty dancer. The only places where the Oakland belle may have had
enough beverage to render her sight weak and her step unsteady are at
the cotillons and rarely there! Over in the City of Churches
the society men have taken up the discussion of the punch sub
ject. The men are more conservative than the ladles and none has com
mitted himself otherwise than by advocating moderation. Only one Oak
land man has a word of suggestion to make and his name is T. F. Garrity.
Says the gentleman: "I believe that when a girl dances she is entitled to
some sort of stimulant. She needs it as a matter of health. By all means
give the girls the punch bowl. Don't take It away from them. But look out
what you put in it. The stimulant should be very gentle, like those to
whom it Is administered. If I had a daughter I think I should prefer that
she took her stimulant ln the shape of milk or malted milk. If that is not
to be obtained, then I should say that some other delicate, mild stimulant
is permissible, and, in fact, as I said at the outset, necessary."
FOUR HOURS
LABOR FOR
ONE MEAL
Charity Woodyard a
Failure.
\
APPLICANTS GO ON STRIKE
NEW ORDER ISSUED BY THE
MANAGEMENT. '
Relief Can Only Be Afforded if the
Public Will Patronize the
Yard of the Asso
ciation.
.Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 27.
It is somewhat unusual for men em
ployed to work for their meals to go on
strike, but such Is the situation at the
woodyard maintained by the Associated
Charities.
The situation is peculiarly unfortunate,
! for the woodyard has done a good work
i since it was established, but for lack of
patronage Its usefulness appears to be al
' most ended. This morning it was decided
■ to increase the. amount of blocks to be
] chopped for a 10-cent meal from thirty to
forty-five. When the unfortunates who
i have been glad to chop thirty blocks of
i wood— which takes about two hours—
plied at the woodyard for the daily op
| portunity to satisfy hunger, they were In
; formed of the increase in the amount of
labor necessary to obtain a dime ticket
lat a restaurant. There was much dis
; appointment, some Indignation and a little
| obstinacy, and many of the men walked
off rather than work four hours for a 10
--cent meal and the same number of hours
for the privilege of sleeping in a bed at
night.
The order increasing the amount of
wood to be chopped is partly due to the
fact that over a thousand sacks of kin
dling are now In the yards, for which no
purchaser can be found, and partly to the
fact that a number of men exist who, so
long as they are able to chop enough
wood- to earn a meal and a bed, will not
seek any other means of employment.
As the woodyard was Intended only as a
temporary employment agency, this sys
tem led to the accumulation of wood, and
consequently blocked proceedings. Mrs.
Kelly, the superintendent of the charities,
says that a good deal of the patronage In
the kindling wood business is given to the
students' woodyard under the impression
that customers are thereby helping uni
versity students to go through college.
She says this Is not true and that the
students are not benefited. If the. chari
ties' woodyard . obtained a fair share of
patronage it would be able to continue its
work and not raise the amount of labor
required from each ' applicant.
Grand- Jury Investigation.
OAKLAND,' Jan. 27.— A committee of the
Grand Jury visited the Receiving Hospi
tal to-day on an Inquisitorial tour. Par
ticular attention > was directed to the : in
sane - ward, -. and Keeper Keating and
Matron Miss ; McDonald were very closely
, questioned regarding the assault upon the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANU ARY ; 26, 1899.
latter by a violently insane wman, Mrs.
Holt on, a few weeks ago. In which the
matron was nearly killed. The commit
tee will make a report to the Grand Jury
at its next meeting.
Alameda Escapes a Scorching.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 27.— The Alameda fire
department was called out twice to-day.
But for the prompt action of the firemen
the business section of the city would
have been severely scorched this morning.
A gasoline stove exploded ln a house in
the rear of the Smith block, corner of
Park street and Railroad avenue, scat
tering the burning fluid in all directions.
A high north wind was blowing and for a
time the flames threatened to communi
cate with the row of frame stores on
Park street. The fire department respond
ed promptly and checked the fire before
it gained great headway. The damaged
building was occupied by Japanese, one of
whom was severely burned about the
hands by the explosion.
The second alarm turned In was for a
blaze in a dwelling at 1164 Broadway,
caused by children playing with matches.
The damage was nominal.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Jan. Alameda Council
No. 24, Y. M. L. tendered a reception last
evening to its friends at Lafayette Hall.
The committee in charge of the affair con
sisted of P. A. Kearney, G. P. Wright.
Hugh Gallagher, A. F. St. Sure and
George H. Burkhart.
The directors of the Encinal Recreation
Club have decided to do away with the
initiation fee charged new members.
The ladies of the First Methodist
Church gave an "experience social" this
evening at the church parlors.
TRAMP INDUSTRY HAS
SUSTAINED A BAD BLOW
CONSTABLES' CLAIMS ARE CUT
DOWN THIRTY PER CENT.
Queer Methods Employed in Haling
Vagrants to and From Jail to
Make Mileage. .L ; .:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
lyr'yy 908 Broadway, Jan. 27.
The erstwhile lucrative occupation of
certain Constables in the tramp industry
has sustained a blow at the hands of
County Expert E. B. Bullock and District
Attorney J. J. Allen that will very mate
rially curtail their monthly Income, and
will probably result In the "weary Willies
of the road" enjoying their dalliance ln
the fields of vagrancy unmolested hence
forth. In short County Expert Bullock
has cut down certain , Constables' bills
very materially on the advice of District
Attorney Allen, owing to charges for
mileage that are considered illegal; and in
some cases irregularities were found, the
discovery of which will result in a big
saving to the county.
Responding to questions touching upon
the methods employed by some Con
stables Expert Bullock to-day received
the following written* opinion from the
District Attorney. '
"In reply to your queries will say that
where a Constable makes an arrest with
a warrant his fees are provided for in the
Statutes, 1895, page 272, by the following
provisions: For executing warrant of ar
rest, $1; for each mile necessarily traveled
within his county In executing a warrant
of arrest, both In going and returning
from place of arrest, 15 cents.
"If an arrest is made without a warrant
the following provisions of the act apply:
For arresting and bringing him into court
$1; for transporting prisoners to the Coun
ty Jail, the actual cost of such transpor
tation." a *iKt"Tifl!rTr > ffTT^
Under the foregoing opinion County Ex
pert Bullock has , cut down some bills
rom 25 to 30 per cent, those filed by Con
stable C.F. Weldon. of Brooklyn Town
ship being the most noticeable. > Weldon,
who. by the way, has not been re-elected,
appears to have been doing a land-offlco
business in the tramp line, for his opera
tions were about equally divided between
Justice Qulnn's court at San Leandro and
Justice Cliffs court in Oakland Township.
A tramp arrested in Brooklyn- would first
be taken to the . County Jail and register
ed, for which mileage was charged. 0 The
arrest would be : without a -warrant, of
course, for the name of the tramp is a
secondary matter with the eager Con
stables. The next day the prisoner would
be, taken before Justice Qulnn at San
Leandro, more mileage accruing, to en
able the Constable to swear to a com
plaint and secure a warrant. In many
cases this warrant would be served on
the prisoner in court, the simple walk
around a table in the courtroom constitut
ing a fraction of a mile, which is taken as
a whole mile. I The prisoner's arraignment
would necessitate another haling from
jail to court, and then In many cases the
charge would be dismissed.
In paring down some of Weldon's claims
Expert Bullock reduced one filed last
August, from $52 to $36 20; one in Septem
ber was cut from $36 to $29; another in the
same month from $36 40 to $25 50; an Octo
ber claim of $15 was pared down $4; an
other hied last. month for business done
In Qulnn's court was curtailed from $17 15
to $15 40, and still another in the same
month for similar business done before
Justice Clift was reduced from $78 30 to
$47 30. A claim covering a period from Oc
tober 27 to November 30 amounting to
$98 70 was knocked down to $68 90. In two
instances Expert Bullock found that John
Doe,, supposed to have been arrested last
August, had not been registered at the
County Jail, yet $1 35 mileage had . been
charged in each case both to and from
Jail.
X ■
BURIED WITHOUT A
FRIEND TO MOURN
MISS RICH'S ESTATE WAS JUST
ONE DIME.
Her Animals Carted to the Pound and
Her Late House Declared a
Nuisance.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 27.
The poundman took two wagon-loads of
dogs, cats and goats from the dirty house
in Temescal ln which Miss E. C. Rich
lived and died. The house is unspeakably
filthy, and was invaded by Public Ad
ministrator Hawes and Officer McKinley.
The Administrator found little estate ex
cept some old clothes that indicated the
woman had once been tolerably well
dressed. In a trunk there was a com
plete set of baby clothes, which probably
suggests a secret that died with the old
maid. This afternoon the remains of the
eccentric woman were Interred at the ex
pense of the county, as all her miserable
belongings are worth nothing.
One dime was found by Mr. Hawes
among the rubbish, and a worthless horse
was given to a neighbor to save it from
going to the pound. ' Many of the dogs
escaped, and as the goats were valueless
the neighbors have been permitted to take
them. The house will probably be de
clared a nuisance by the Board of Health
until the owner shall appear and have it
cleansed. .->;"-:
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a long line of securities dealt in
on the Bond Exchange yesterday. Better
prices were paid for several sugar stocks and
Giant Powder. Equitable Gas declined to $9.
Mining stocks stood about the same.
The directors of the Bullion-Beck Mining
Company of Utah have decided to pass the
dividend for January.
At the recently held annual meeting of the
Providence Mining Company of Nevada City
the following were elected directors: Peter
Tautphaus, John Buttgenbach, F. Boeckmann,
Dr. E. F. Liebrlch and John V. Hunter. Fred
Boeckmann was re-elected president, John V.
Hunter vice president, F. C. Boeckmann sec
retary.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodle
for the week ending January 21 the regular ex
ploratory work was done on the 150, 318, 336 and
700 levels. In raise No. 1 on the 150 level there
are 16 inches of fair grade ore In the top with
a 6-Inch horse in the center. In raise No. 1.
in the Security and New vlens. on the 318
foot level, there are 30 Inches of ore in the
top, which Is looking better. The south drift
in No. 10 vein on the same level has an 18
--inch vein of very poor ore in the face. In raise
above south slope No. 5 in the Black
vein on the same level the ore averages very
well. Ore of good average quality Is being ex-"
tracted from the.stopes on the 270 and 470 lev
els. The Standard mill is now nearly com
pleted. The work yet to be finished Is the plac
ing of electrical machinery, --apron plates van
ners, elevator, lining of ore bins. etc. The
clean-up at tailings plant No. 1 was completed
on January 20.
"" . STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Jan. 27.
" - . Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 9% 10
4s quar c0up..H2%113% Mutual El Co. 13% 13%
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 48% 48%
4s quar new... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 53% 84
3s quar coup.. 107*4107% Pac LCo 48 43
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 83% —
Cal-st. Cab 55.114 114% San Fran....„ 3% 3%
Cal Elee 65.. ..125*4127% i Stockton Gas.. 11% —
C C Wat 55....101%105 I Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — Flrem's Fund.212%220
E L _ P 65....130V4 — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65. .114 * — Anglo-Cal .... 65% 66%
Geary-st R ss. — 102 • Bank of Ca1. .257*4 —
H C & S s_s. — 105 Cal SD & T.. — 99
LAL Co 65. .100 — First Nationl.2lß 230
Do gntd 65..101%102 Lon P & A... 133 —
Market-st 65. ..126 — Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 58.. 116% — Nev Nat 8k.. 175 —
NCN G R 75. 107 — | Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal .114 .Ger S & L...1640 1650
N Ry Cal 65..112%112% 1 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 65.104 106 Mutual Say.. 39% 40
NPC R R 55.101%102 S F Say U.. 488 —
N Cal R R ss. SB_los S _ L 50... — 100
Oak Gas os 109 111 Security S B 300 350
Om Ry 6s 125%129 Union T Co.. 1400 1455
P_CI Ry 65.. 104% — I Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 109 — California ....110 —
Powell-st 65. ..120 122% Geary 46 —
Sac El Ry 55.. — — I Market _t 69% 59«
SF & N P 65.110%110 .Oak SL_ H. — —
SlerraßCal 65.104%105% Presidio ....... — 10%
S P of Ar 65..111%111*_ Powder—
S P C65(1905-6)113% — California ....147% —
SPC 6s (1912)122 — IE Dynamite... 87*4 —
5 PC Is eg ss. 104% — j Giant Con Co. 61% 62
6 P Br 6s 122%123% I Vlgorlt ........ 2% 2%
S V Water 6s. — 119% Miscellaneous—
S V Water 45. 103% — Al Pac A55n.,106%107
S V W4s(3dm). — — Ger Ld Wks... 175 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 105 — Hana PI C 0... 18% 18%
Water Stocks— H C _ S Co.. 59% 60%
Contra Costa.. 60 62 Hutch S P Co. 34% 34%
Marin C 0...... 50 — | Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley.loo% — .Oceanic S Co. 72% —
Gas A Electric— Pac A F A.... 1
Capital Gas... — — ' Pac C Bor Co. 100 —
Cent Gasliirht.los — i Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Cent L & P... 14 16%:
Morning Session.
Board—
BO Alaska Packers Assn, b 5 107 00
6 Alaska Packers Assn _ 107 00
150 Equitable Gas 9 50
60 Equitable Gas 9 75
50 Equitable Ga5...." 9 37%
110 Equitable Gas 9 no'
50 Equitable Gas 9 12%
_0 Giant Powder Con 61 50
120 Giant Powder Con 61 rig*.
30 Giant Powder Con Gl 75
160 Hana Plantation Co 18 50
140 Hana Plantation Co IS _„
455 Hawaiian Commercial _ Sugar 60 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, s 10. CO 00
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar . 0(1 12%
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, b 3. 60 12%
50 Hawaiian Commercial _ Sugar, 8 2. 60 12%
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 60 25
100 Hutchinson S P Co 34 25
60 Hutchinson S P Co '34 37%
5 Market Street Railway 69 75
65 Mutual Electric Light 13 25
10 Mutual Electric Light 13 37%
$4000 NOrth Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. ll2 25
$2000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 101 50
115 Oceanic S S Co 72 25
60 S'F Gas „ Electric Co ....; 83 75
IS Spring Valley Water 100 62%
$4000 S P of A bonds 11l 00
Street— ■.•.-.,',■•
100 Hutchinson S-P.'Co'.i 34 12%
380 Pacific Lighting 48 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — , e~s.i -?.*_■',;
$3000 Contra Costa Water b0nd5.......... 104 75 .
150 Equitable Gas 9 60
200 Equitable Gas 975
25 Giant Powder Con 61 87%
20 Giant Powder Con 61 75
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 60 12%
255 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 60 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co 34 37% I
100 Mutual Electric Light 13 25
100 Mutual Electric Light 13 37%
$1000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds.. ll4 25
50 Oceanic S S Co , 72 37%
60 Oceanic S S Co ;.. 72 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co S3 75
$2000 S P of A bonds .......................111 25
$1000 XT S 3 per cent bonds.. 107 60 .
Street—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn .....107 00
$5000 North Ry of Gal 5 per cent bonds.. ll2 50
40 Pacific Gas Imp 83 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board — -' -'• \
SO Market Street Railway : '... ...... '..... 59 50
25 Hutchinson S P C 0»....... ....34 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 59 87%
'2yr '■:'■ Afternoon - Session. "*>-\.
'')• Board—
BO Equitable Gaslight 9 23
60 Equitable Gaslight .................... 9 00
$2000 Market: Street 6 per cent bonds — 117 00
60 Mutual Electric Light ;............... 13 25
30 Giant Powder C0n...... ' -.. 61 25
Street—
100 Equitable Gaslight 9 60
MINING STOCKS. ■
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock ' Board " yesterday: ;';*v
:'"'■■- •• Morning Session.
500 Belcher 15 200 Hale • _ : Norcrs. 07
100 Chollar ...»....;. 22 100 Mexican 34
B0 Con Cal & Va..l 40 100 Occidental ...... 25
JOOCoa Cal & 451100 Utah ............ 13
Afternoon ' Session. ; '■;'■■'.
500 Best ft Belcher. 40 1100 Hale ' ft. Norcrs 03
"00 Con Cal & Va..l 45 1000 Justice- ......... 10
•00 Con Cal ft Va.. l 50,100 Ophlr 68
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning • Session.
W0 Alpha Con 03 50 Con Imperial.... 01
'00 Andes 12 I 100 Hale & -Norera OS
100 Belcher 15 1 100 Mexican 35
100 Best ft Belcher. 4i I 60 Ophlr 67
100 Best & Belcher. 40 I tOO Savage .... 09
'50 Con Imperial.... 02 1 100 Union Con ..... 33
■ -■■•, Afternoon Session.
1000 Andes' 13 600 Justice ' 10
400 Belcher .......'.. 15.(00 Potosl 17
■•00 Best & Belcher. 42100 Potosl ........... ' 16
500 Best & Belcher. 411400' Savage 10
Sin Chollar 231700 Unions Con .... 34
W0 Con Cal & Va.l 47 "4 "00 Utah li
100 Confidence 57 $00 Utah 15
50 Gould & Curry.. 28. .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 27-4 p. in. V
Bid.Ask. I ■ ! Bid.Ask.
Alpha Con .... — 04 Julia — 04
Alta 03 .04 Justice ..."......- 10 11
Andes 13 14 Kentuck — 10
Belcher 14 15 Lady Wash.... — 05
Benton C0n.... 04 10 Mexican 34 35
Best ft Belcher 41 42 Occidental — 24
Bullion 01 03 Ophlr 67 59
Caledonia 21 23 [Overman 05 07
Chollar '22 23 Potosl ;.. 16 18
Challenge Con.. II 13; Savage 10 11
Confidence .... 55 60 Scorpion — 03
Ton Cal ft Va..l 45 150 Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial.. — .02 Sierra' Nevada. 79 80
Crown Point... 13 14 Silver Hill .... — 04
Con New York. — 05 syndicate — 08
Eureka Con .. — 40 Standard ......2 00 —
Exchequer 01 03 Union Con 3.4 35
Gould ft Curry. 26 29 Utah 13 14
Hale ft Norcrs 07 OS Yellow Jacket. 14 15
I : ■♦ ■ ■ : .
How Aguinaldo won . his - leader
ship, in next Sunday's Call.
_AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until ,9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
W. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock. "
CHURCH NOTICES.
ST. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavia sts.— Rev. XV. A. Hutchi-
son, D.D., will preach Sabbath morn at 11
o'block and $7:45 p. m.; Sabbath-school, 9:45
a.' m.; Y. P. S. C. E. ,at 6:30 p. m. ; prayer
meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock:
all made cordially welcome. -
MEETING NOTICES .
THE TRESTLE BOARD, $1 per year; ■*
weekly, sc; monthly, 10c; sold by all __r\_
newsdealers. Office, 408 California St.. jCJT
San Francisco. ; .' *yF '
GOLDFN GATE ENCAMPMENT No. l,k *_
I. O. O. Meets THIS (SATUR- V"
DAY) EVENING. Installation of of- Y\.
fleers. Refreshments. All invited. " ■ V
W. I. CROSSETT.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7, I. O. a, M
0. F.— officers and funeral commit- _£°
tee of this Encampment are hereby yX
kindly requested to meet at Odd Fel-V X
lews' Hall, cor. Seventh and Market streets,
on SUNDAY, January 29, at 1:30 p. m. sharp,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late Past Chief Patriarch, ANDREAS
BAHRS.
L. M. FABREY. Chief Patriarch.
MAX SCHUMANN, Scribe.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. _*____
1. O. O. THIS EVENING i JßfS__f t _f_
first degree will be conferred. 'WuieMaJßP
A. K. KINGSFORD, P.M. ______
GERMANIA Lodge No. lift I. 0.0. tf____.
F.— The funeral committee, the of- 4i&sS&!zi
fleers and members of the above
lodge are kindly Invited to attend / W*'
the funeral of our late brother, ANDREW
BAHRS, on SUNDAY, January 29, at 1
o'clock p. m., from Odd Fellows' Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets.
FRANZ HEIM, O. M.
EMIL NIEMEIER, R. S.
BOILER-MAKERS, notice— S. F. Lodge No.
25, B. M. and I. S. B. of America, will hold
a grand mass meeting SUNDAY AFTER-
- NOON at its hall, 102 O'Farrell St.. at 2
- _'olook sharp. Good speakers will address
the meeting. All are . cordially Invited. By
order E. PAYNE, President.
A. McDONALD, Cor.. Sec.
SWISS MUTUAL BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.—
Annual meeting . Notice.— The annual meet-
ing of the members of the Swiss Mutual.
Benevolent Society will' be held at Foresters'
Hall, 102 O'Farrell street, In Court Eureka,
Hall 5, on Saturday,- January 28, at 8 p. m.,
for the. purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and also
to transact such other business as may be
presented for their - consideration. Every
member is earnestly, requested to be present.
A. JUILLERAT, Secretary.
THE adjourned annuaL meeting of i the ' Work-
men's Guarantee Fund Association will be
held at Its office, room 63, 809 Market street.
TUESDAY EVENING, January 31. at 7:30
o'clock. H. G. PRINCE, Secretary.
NOTICE of Stockholders" Meeting— of
the Mountain Ice Company of California, 327
Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.— Notice Is
hereby given that in accordance with a reso-
lution of the board of directors of the Moun-
tain Ice Company of California, duly adopted
at a meeting of- said i board, duly convened
and held on the 16th day of December, 1898,
a ''special meeting of the stockholders of the
Mountain Ice Company of California will be
held on Friday, the 24th day of February
1899, at the office 'of . the company at 327
Market st., in the city and county of San
Francisco, State of • California, the same be-
ing the principal place of - business and of-
fice of said corporation, and the building
where the board of directors usually meet
The object and purpose of said stockhold-
ers' meeting is to then and there take Into
consideration and act upon a proposition
to diminish the capital stock of said com-
pany from three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars, divided into three thousand (3000)
shares of the par value of one hundred- ($100)
dollars each, to thirty thousand ($30,000)
dollars, • divided into three thousand (3000)
shares of of the par. value of ten ($10) dollars
each. By order of the board of directors.
.. JOSEPH MARTIN,
Secretary of the Mountain , Ice Company of
California.
■ .
THE regular annual . meeting .of the stock-
holders of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco will be held' at the office of the
company ln the Union Trust Company's build-
ing, corner Montgomery, Post and Market
streets, San Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY,
the sixth day of February, 1899, at the hour
of 2 o'clock p. m., lor the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the amendment of ' the by-laws of
the compan- and the, transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
lng. I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the National Ice Company will be held at
the . office of the company, ■• 327 Market st.,
San Francisco, Cal.. on Wednesday, the Ist
day of February, 1899, at 11 o'clock a m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other bvisiness . as may
come before the meeting.
J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
QIVIOENIf j NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Notice is hereby given
that at a meeting of j the Board of Directors
of the Central Light and Power Company,
held this day, an order was duly adopted,
distributing by way of' dividend, on or after-
February 1, 1899. to the stockholders of said
corporation, the shares of stock of the Equit-
able Gaslight Company, belonging to said
Central Light and .Power . Company, subject
to the pooling agreement now In force.
Pursuant to said order said stock will be
placed -in escrow, subject -to said pooling
agreement, in lieu of the certificate Issued by
said Equitable Gaslight , Company . to said
Central Light and Power Company. By or-
der of the board. ■- -•
J. W. PAUSON, Secretary.
San Francisco. Jan. 21. .1899.. .
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 89 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market St.. on and after Wednes-
day. February 1, 1899. - Transfer books will
close on Thursday, January 26, 1899, at 3
o'clock. E. H. ' SHELDON. Secretary.
______ _________
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 6530.
ROOMS papered from-- $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman-Palnt C 0.,-343 3d st.
SITUATIONS „ WANTED — 1 -MALE.
Al ■ SECOND girl, best of ! reference, desires a
situation. ; J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
WAITRESS; mining camp; $20, fare paid; very
nice place. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
CAPABLE and experienced lady wants hotel or
large : lodging-house-: to', manage; take full
charge; -can furnish best of references from
first-class people. Address- for 2 days MRS.
8., box 1612. . Call office. .. .
MIDDLE-AGED American : woman . would*, like
a position as housekeeper in small .family,
lodging-house or hotel; city or country. Call
or address MRS. M. S. ( 112 Jones st *
EXPERIENCED stenographer, who; under-
stands bookkeeping, wishes a situation; sal-
ary reasonable. Box 1673, Call office. •
RELIABLE woman, J good | cook, ; would j assist
with washing; city or country; can give refer-
• ence. 141 Hyde st., near Turk. -_■■■ < ■■:-.:
POSITION wanted by American woman as
working housekeeper; .city or country. ; In-
quire at 1104 Mission st. , room 4 24.
SITUATIONS ;WA NTED— Continued. '
LADIES needing the services of a' competent
nurse will find one at 429 Larkin St., rooms
14 and 15; references given. MRS. M. L.
BROWN.  - . "'-. : ' "'■ ■•.'•
EXPERIENCED woman's nurse, capable of
taking full charge of . infants; : reference.
Nurse, 712 Folsom st. . ' .
GERMAN woman like to have a place ln res-
taurant or; lunch house. Call or address 76
Clementina st. ■' '■ I
GERMAN woman wants a few more places to
wash or any kind of work by the day. Call
or address 78' 2 Clementina st. " / '
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do house-
work: good cook; wages $20. 1150 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants work by the
day. Call at 312 Van Ness aye., ln rear.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman would like
a position as housekeeper in family or hotel;
city or country. Call or address MRS. A. S.,
667 Eighth St., Oakland. _______
COMPETENT middle-aged woman (Protestant)
wants a place as housekeeper in religious
family or house. Address box 1658. Call. ■____
GERMAN girl wishes a position to do house-
work and plain cooking in American family.
1148 Sutter St.. room 40.
POSITION wanted by first-class cook; city or
country, country preferred; wages $35. Box
1662, Call. ■"
GERMAN girl wishes situation for general
housework and cooking. Call at 2505 ft Mis-
sion St.; no postals. _________________
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework: first-class cook. Call or
address 120 Sixth st., first floor, , room 1.
HONEST i reliable woman wishes any kind of
. work by the day or week. Box 1656, Call.
SWEDISH girl for general housework and
cooking, $20 per month. 13 Lexington aye.
GOOD competent woman. Just from the East, is
good cook, will do general housework. 10
Wetmore place, between Powell and Mason.
Washington and Clay sts. .- ' .
WANTED— as cashier, assistant book-
keeper or governess to child of 6; English
branches; can also converse Ip German; ref-
erences exchanged. D. E., box 1641, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants place; house-
work; plain cooking; in city; apply by letter.
I. ROBERTS, 32 Twelfth st. "
DRE9SMAKING; children's dresses, babies'
wardrobe; by the day or at home. Address
178 Clinton Park. ■ '
COMPETENT woman wants housework or of-
fice cleaning by the day. Address or call 354
Fourth st., near Harrison. ...
ENGAGEMENTS Monday and Tuesday, wash-
ing and Ironing. Address box 688, Call office.
LADY wishes few more engagements out;
shampooing, treating the scalp, manicuring;
send postal and specify work »esired. 1206
Market st., room 69.
TWO refined girls want positions in country;
any light work. Address box 1714, Call.
SITUATIONS ANTED-— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. " GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel.. Grant 66.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 ft O'Farrell St.; tel., East 436.
THE driver of a delivery wagon for an old-
established grocery house wants position to
work In store or to take orders and solicit
trade on the outside; excellent references.
Address ANTRIM, box 1675, Call office.
BY a steady, sober man, to work around a
private place as gardener; city or country;
handy. with tools; understands milking; care
of horses; best of references. Box 1352, Call.
GARDENER, English, single, 38, life experi-
ence, wishes situation as gardener or under
gardener on private place; flrst-class vege-
table grower, etc. Box 1667, Call office.
WANTED— A position as bundle wrapper in
wholesale grocery or drug store; appreciation
of strict attention to duty main object. Box
1669. Call office.
GARDENER, English, single, 38, life experi-
ence, wishes situation as gardener or under
gardener on private place; flrst-class vege-
table grower, etc.
CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, first-class me-
chanic, wants a situation. Call at 120 Valley.
JAPANESE wants position; housework or
schoolboy. T. KAWAI, 711 Stockton St.
GOOD, practical young man wants work where
he can learn to operate electrical machinery:
is good steam engineer and machinist and an
all-around handy man; references. Box 1663,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS . ice and refrigerating engineer
desires position; 10 years' experience all
"makes of machinery: reference best; will go
anywhere. Address box 1665, Call.
YOUNG man from the East would like Job in
horseshoeing and jobbing shop as helper- can
do good Job at forge. Address E. T., Pres-
cott House, 933 Kearny st.
POSITION desired by a fairly posted landscape
gardener; also is . perfect ln all branches of
gardening; flrst-class references. Address H.
M., box 1653, Call office.
YOUNG man .wants situation in commission
house; 5 years' experience. Address or call
on LOUIS KUEHNE, 116 Grant aye.
YOUNG man wishes a position .where he can
learn the butcher business: has had some ex-
perience. Box. 1661, Call office.
STEADY young man wishes position in store;
speaks English and French. 2328 California.
CLEAN cook, meat and pastry, wants a Job.
Address box 1666, Call. , - •
GOOD, long-experienced Japanese laundry ' boy
wants place. K. ISHIDA. 104 Eleventh st.
COMMERCIAL traveler, well and favorably
known In California, desires engagements for
coast business; salary, commission or both.
Apply box 1644, Call. ■ .-
YOUNG man with' four years' experience wants
position as bookkeeper or work of any kind;
references. . Address box 1646, Call office.
HIGH School boy of IS wishes to learn the drug
business. Box 1643, Call office.
GERMAN baker -wants situation as foreman.
Box 689, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by experienced stationary
engineer; first-class reference; no objection to
leaving city. E. 8., ,1812 Market St., room 6.
COACHMAN or general man by middle-aged
American, single; thorough with horses,
carriages, etc. ; good gardener; best refer-
ences. Address box 1623, Call office. -
YOUNG Frenchman wants . a situation .in an
American family; wages.no object; wants to
perfect himself in the English language. Ad-
dress A. C, 843 Pacific st. ■
SITUATION wanted by a German gardener; a
good propagator and can take care of horses;
handy with tools. Address Gardener, box
1589, Call office.
WINCHESTER house, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP — FEMALE.
GIRL to take care of 1 child from 2 to 4 o'clock
every day, $10 per month; a middle-aged
woman, country, as housekeeper, ■ $10, see
party here, easy place; 3 chambermaids and
waitresses, $20 each; a ranch cook. $15, fare
paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st, :r .
FRENCH maid for 1 lady, city, $25 to $30; maid
and seamstress, city, $25; cook, boarding-
house, city, $30; housework, San Rafael, $25,
good place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, $20, sleep home, no cooking; a
waitress, Bakersfleld, $20, fare paid; laun-
dress, $25, country; French nurse, $26; French
chambermaid, $20; a nurse, $20; 10 housework
girls, city and country, $12, $15, $20 and $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Stockton, $30, see lady here;' 2 wait-
resses, same country hotel,. $20 each; 2 wait-
resses, same city hotel, $20 each ;■ housework,
Alameda $25, , Bakersfleld $20. Oakland $15;
cook, Berkeley. $25; cook, Alameda, $25: seam-
stress, Alameda, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. -,-■'. 2 - ■ ■
C. R. HANSEN ft CO Phone Grant 185
Waitress. Fresno, $20, to go to-day; 2 wait-
" resses, Napa, $20; waitress, Colusa, $20. fare
. paid: waitress. Redwood . City, $20; waitress,
Vallejo, $20; waitress, . sanitarium. $20; one
more chambermaid. Southern California, $20;
chambermaid, to wait. $20; 2 cooks, $30: cook.
$25; nurse and assistant, institution. $20 and
$15. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary, st.
HOUSE GIRL for small American family, no
children,: In .flat:' very choice * place. $20. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT houseglrl: plain cook; assist with baby: !
no washing; $15. Apply C. R. HANSEN ft
CO., 104 Geary st. ■' ■ ' .
WAITRESS, a short distance, $20, see party
here at 10 to-day; 8 waitresses and chamber-
maids in hotels, restaurants and private
boarding houses, $15, $20 and $25, $5 and $6
week; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. ■
5 COOKS In American ; and German families,
$25 ; and $30; French ; second girl, 's2o; 2 laun-
dresses and chambermaids; $25: ' cook, plain
wash, across- the bay, $25; and a great many
girls for housework. J. F. CKOSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter St., -.- : '
MURRAY READY.... ...... .Phone Main 5848
...._....... Want To-day
Waitress, flrst-class country h0te1.......... $20
5 waitresses, different country hotels... '....$2O
Chambermaid and wait, plain p1ace........ $15
.'" 12 gills for housework, • country towns and
ranches, $15 and $20. MURRAY ft READY,
634-636 Clay st. • •' ,
WANTED— chambermaids, nurse girls
and girls ■ for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin st. ; - " .
YOUNG girl wanted: light housework; sleep
home; wages $8. Call, bet. and 9 o'clock,
at 708 Laurel avenue. - -••„ -
YOUNG girl wanted for ■ light housework and
also take care of children; speak German. . 715
O'Farrell at, --'.-;-
HELP*. W.vNTED— Continued.
GIRL for general housework and cook in small
family; $12 to $15._ 605 Baker st.
WANTED— German girl to take care of 3-year-
old child. 2120 Post., bet. Pierce and Scott.
A HOUSEKEEPER . wanted for the country.
933 Howard st. "
GIRL for upstairs work; sleep at home; $8
month. 924 Geary st.
YOUNG Protestant girl to mind baby. Apply
at 1154 Golden Gate aye.
WOMAN for general light housework; small
family. "10 Hyde st. : Saturday or Sunday.
GIRL or woman to assist •in - housework and
children. 311 Third st.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
WELLS' Emp. Of.. 1243*4 Park st,. Alameda.
YOUNG nurse girl for country; small wages.
Apply. 1312 Pine st. ■
2 LADIES of good address can make $10 to $15
per week at home. 331 Kear<y st, room 18.
WANTED— GirI for light housework; must
sleep home. FRANCIS. 704 Sutter st.
FOR a lady— A good paying vest making busi-
ness; centrally located. Address box 1654, Call.
WANTED— Experienced operators to sew oa
men's shirts and underwear; a few Inexperi-
enced will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
and 2 p. m. at the L. ELKUS CO., 29-31 Bat-
tery st. __^
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshirts;
a few inexperienced hands tanen and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36ft Fremont st.
STRONG girl to - assist with housework and
children. Call after 10. 2963 Twenty-first st.
GIRL wanted to assist in light housework. 1722
Sutter st.
GIRL to assist with housework. 96 Cumberland
St., corner Dolores, bet. 19th and 20th.
I-
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN ft ...Phone Grant ISS
Wanted to-day for railroad work:
E headers for tunnel, $2 50 a day.
* 10 muckers for tunnel, $1 75 a day.
■■ 10 laborers for tunnel, $1 75 a day.
•20 teamsters for construction work. $20 and
board.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED to-day for the woods-
20 . woodsmen, snipers, buckers, crosscut-
ters, . choppers, axmen, swampers and others,
see boss here. •**
6 laborers for logging, . railroad, $1 50 a day,
see boss here.
5 coal miners, see boss here.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 104 Geary st.
FRENCH or Swiss second cook, country ho-
tel, $60 and fare- advanced; French or Swiss
second cook, country hotel, $50; rook and
wife, $50: meat cook for an institution $50-
-cook's helper for railroad camp, $20 c r'
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. "
ERRAND boy about 15 or 16 years old who lives
with his parents for our office. Apply with
parents at 10 o'clock. C. R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary st. ''
COOKS CLERKS ......LAUNDRY HELP
Ironer, also polisher, fare paid, $35 and found
9 cooks, different piaces $30 to $50
3 second cooks $25, $30 and found
3 waiters $25 and $20 and found
Young man 18 years to attend counter and
keep books, city bakery, $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
— Want To-day
Man to take charge of a creamery $50
Safemaker. city Job
Gardener, private, city $25 and found
Farmer and wife 6 farm hands
3 boys to work on . ranches, $6 and $12, found
Butter-maker and run separator. ..s2s. found
6 header men for a tunnel $2 50 day
6 tlemakers Be, 9c and 12c each
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 miners, $40 and found; 2 farmers
and wives, $40 and $32 50; fruit farmer. $250
year; American milker, $30 and found; chore-
boy, $10 and found, and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook and wife for delicatessen, $50;
hotel and restaurant waiters, porters and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT ft CO.. 628
Sacramento st. .
W ANTED— Press feeder, platen press. VAN-
DEWATER & NORTON, Printers, 921 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED A practical gardener with nursery
experience. Apply to C. CROCKFORD,
Colma, San Mateo County. •
WANTED— For artlflclal-stone sidewalks, flrst-
class top and finisher, with tools. Box 1674,
Call office.
WANTED— Bright young man as solicitor for
wine and liquor house in city. Address box
1672, Call office. . .
WANTED— Steady man; established cash busi-
. ness; good for $15. t0 $18 per week; must have
$150 cash. National Exchange, 7 Grant aye.
BARBER from Saturday noon to Sunday noon.
16614 Mission st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 1006 Mission
st., 'above Sixth. , " ■ •
WANTED— A good barber for Saturday and
Sunday. 304 Folsom st.
WANTED— A barber at 605 Mission st,. Satur-
day. .
WANTED— B men to go on ship; no experience
required. Apply at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
CARPENTER wanted— 227 j Devisadero, corner
Page street.
JEWELERS, 328 Bu3h St., room 4, third floor.
WANTED A student male nurse. Address,
with age and references, box 1670. Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
shirts. Rogerson's, 535 Valencia st. H> y
DISHWASHER wanted. 141 East ■_
BOY wanted to drive butcher wagon. Address
with references, box 690, Call office.
WANTED— Good tailor; male. Call at 224 Ellis
street. - -.
BARBER shop for sale on account of death
ln the family. 408*4 Sixth st.
WANTED— By old commerlcal house, good male
stenographer and Remington operator with
some knowledge of accounts; state age, ex-
perience and references. Box 1664, Call.
EXPERIENCED salesman acquainted with
city cigar and saloon trade. Address box 1657,
Call. ■- .
WANTED FIrst-class razor grinders. Apply
at WILL & FINCK COS factory. 30 First st.
WANTED— finisher and machine man
at Wentworth Shoe Co.. 119 Pine st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or -those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and -habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal. :.'.,;
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1; new shoes, slight-
ly-damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. -First and Second eta. ; open Sundays.
MEN and women to learn • barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 138 ft Eighth st.
WANTED— Montana House, 764 ft Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week. .
MEN . to learn, barber trade; easy terms; $10
and $12. 1542 Market st. •
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics ' to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; - 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; teL Jessie 1164.
YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
for ships'. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
MEN'S fine calf * shoes to order, $2 50: men's
solelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.
TRY Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts. ;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. 16c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk.* Elcho House. S63ft Market st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter St.
SAILORS . and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis et.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, flne. lnrge, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis St.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st. below Sixth.
for. a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS ■ XV ANTED.
"FYRICIDE"' kills Are; not a liquid, but a
powder; price $3. Room 12. Flood bldg.. S. F.
FEW good canvassers; business trade; big re»
turns. 606 ■ Montgomery st.. room 14.
SALESMEN— Traveling salesmen to handle
side line; free sample; 2 sales net $5. Ozonet
Company. Minneapolis. Minn.
AGENTS, both sexes, to sell Leather Lustre;
the best 25c article. Shoe Shop. 332 Bush st.
• ROOMS WANTED.
LADY i wants unfurnished sunny room .In nice
family. Address 638 Ivy aye.
I WANTED— MISCKLLAAEOI-.
WANTED— buy, 2 1 milk routes. Apply -at
1529 . Howard ' et. ■
LOT of old .•window sash; I any - size. Box 1640,
. 'Call office. ; . ..', . . BUSINESS CHANCES.
i--A— $400; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; kept ]
'' by owner - years; 1 block from City Hall;
-...'rent (20. ______ & I'NKlii. $06 Market st.
'•• A— ssooo; SHOE store and factory; established
•'• • years; clearing $3<«) per month; large stock.
good fixtures; 7 hands employed. Particulars ;
'•'• of .vil.Ki: „ UNFUG, 901 Market st.
A^ssoo; SALOON on water front; established
'. . rears; daily receipts Sl5: rent low. WILKE
.. •. _ UNFL'G. 906 Mark st. .
-. • j_— s4io; RARE chance; French liquor store;
'• corner; rent $3U; on Leavenworth st.; must
•, 'sell «t once; proprietor, also owner of the
. ■• property, must sell on account of sickness.
:•' WILKE _ UNFUG, 006 Market st.
. '•■„— $400: BARBER SHOP; 4 chairs; 2 blocks
north of Chrc dele building: first-class cus-
•'• torn; a sacrifice. Call WILKE. _ UNFUG,
. ._. ; 906 Market st. , _________ _ •
.2. -A— $400— PORK and delicacy store; .doing a j
"-.-' '. splendid business; living-rooms; rent $12; j
" choicest location in th( Mission. Call WILKE '
•""' . & UNFUG, 906 Market Bt._
-. -A— sl'oo— SALOON on water front: the very :
' •' ' best location: established and kept by owner i
Tears and iirst-class paying; other business
• -. en^autiiicnts cause of sale. Inquire WILKE
.-. . _ UXFUG, P"6 Market st.
,'■' ' A— $12<\>— RAREST chance; a private dispell- ■
. sar_ and gallery of anatomy: the oldest es-
•■ . .tablished ln California; disease of men ex- I
'.'■■■■ elusive']*; receipts of 1898, $4131; museum of j
." Wax figures; reason for selling, a broken- '
■.'•down, nervous system. Full particulars, !
. '. =. WILKE & UNFUG, 806 Market st.
•'SEE these bargains— Saloon, fine location, clears I
....._ $75 mo., 5450; partner wanted, hardware, $300 I
•'• ; invested in business; saloon and 12 Furnished
. rms.. all rented, (aOO. We buy, sell, exchange
'..[ . business of any kind. Reliable Agency, 41 3d.
.-.- $350— HOME bakery; oven; range; established; j
• best location; rare chance. Reliable Ag.. 41 3d. j
$300— HOME bakery; oven; range; established;
best location; ire chance. Reliable Ag.. 41 3d. i
$550; MEAT market; down town; $35 dally; ;
good place for practical butcher. KREDO _
■ CO. -:
, j
A— s4oo; BARBER shop and cigar stand; good ;
• locattonr $75 a week. KREDO & CO.. 22_
• Geary tt. j
ALASKA BUSINESS CHANCES. I
•' '-A splendid opportunity for a few persons with
.-:" some capital in a secure enterprise: persons
' • who are not averse to work preferred. Box j
' . 1645, Call, office. ■
... - $350— PARTNER wanted • night and day res- j
.. ' "■ taurant. guaranteeing each $75 per month;
' rare chance for right party. N. LOEWEN-
' .' : STEIN, 34 Kearny st., rooms 10-1 L
.'•' $150— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,-
. Fteadv man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week;
•'•'•„ no experience required. WESTERN INVEST-
MENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
.- : =- SALOONS, groceries, cigar stores, restaurants, I
: ---'- ; cheap. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
-.-' $450— RESTAURANT; Market- St.; pays well;
■;■ offer wanted. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$350— BLACKSMITH, wheelwright paint shop; -
" estab. 20 years; doing good business; owner
t.*C Wishes to retire; rent $9. JONES. 565 Market.
["- . I7UO— HOTEL: paying bus:: leaving city .
'•'•.•. ■' cause of sale. McLAUQHLIN, 777 Market st.
■ $600— RESTAUR ANT : receipts, $30 per . day; i
. '.- clears $100. DECKER, 1020 Market st. I
■ A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO.. lOCS'. Market st.
• ' $200 WILL buy neat restaurant and oyster
. . house, doing $24 to $28 per day; block and a
half from Market St., on one of the most
public thoroughfares; owner has other busi-
ness cause for selling. 'Apply Call office.
BUTCHER shop: good location; cash business;
refrigerator and smokehouse; sickness cause
.. for selling. Box 1677, Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE, 9 rooms; sell or exchange
■ for business. See landlady at 1055 Market st.
FOR SALE— A -paying route on this paper.
■ For particulars call or address 219 Liberty st.
•;' WANTED— Buyer for full restaurant outfit;
". .'cash only. Address at once box 1676, Call.
•' FOR Sale Cheap— Stationery store; good paying
• business; good reason for selling. 160 Third st.
MAN with a few thousand dollars cash, ex-
tensive- acquaintance in trade and business ie
seeking a legitimate business opportunity.
■. Address box 1660. Call.
"'" $225— FOR sale; nicely fitted up restaurant in
good location; doing good business; cheap
rent; no agents. 248 Ellis st. _^__ •
CORNER grocery store and bar, $550; rent rea-
sonable. 1552. Folsom st., corner Twelfth;
'•'.'. Inquire on premises.
$150— SALOON and 4 living rooms; going to
•,C . . Alaska; cheap. 833 Howard st. ,:.- ■' -•'-'
'■'•'•' $45— CIGAR stand.; clears $9 a week; value ln
. ; . sight. 304 Fourth st. ' '
$250— PARTNER wanted in an old established
restaurant to attend to cash counter: will j
pay it/ each per month; the cause, on account
• '."' . of sickness. Call 34 Kearny St., rooms' lo-11.
59-ROOM hotels. well _cn_hed; north of.Mar- l
.. ket; central: for sale of exchange; all full J
' and paving well; account of sickness; must be
'.'". sold without reserve. Box 1652. Call office.
' WANTED— Partner with $5000 capital to Invest !
•in a strictly legitimate business, paying 200 j
per cent per annum; open to satisfactory in-
- vestigation; principals only. Box 1688, Call.
•'.'. CIGAR and tobacco route for sale; wagon and
•'."• - .horse; cash or installments; must be sold.
Apply 227 Battery st.
BAKERY in country town; good outside and
Inside trade; 4 horses. 2 wagons, fine stock;
.'a bargain account of sickness. Apply Call.
MERCHANDISE store stocks of any descrip-
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
■ PAN"' 226 Bush st.
2-' "HAIR shop for sale; good location;
own. r leaving city. Call at 1179 Market st.
RESTAURANT and cigar store: 2 rear houses;
• .' On' leased ground; $400. UK Halght st.
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; cheap
rent; sell reasonable. 332 Bush st.
'COAL yard for sale; no reasonable offer re-
•.. : fused; at Sixth and Washington, Oakland.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
" '' W. CASWELL _ CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
• f
LODGINL 11(11 S.'.i FOR SALE.
'v. ALL BA-tGAI
•• . 25 rooms; worth 1 8 rooms (new) — $ 300
■ L $1500; only $ 600 116 rs. ; clears $200. 1250
18-room bouse 850 30 rms.: (board'g) 1250
" 16-room house.... 8001 15 rooms; corner.. 750
'•"■ 16 rooms; on Post 900 60 rooms; for ex... 2500
•.'<-' 26 rooms; corner. 1600 32 rooms; on Mkt. 2300
65 rooms; corner. 1500 28 rooms; on Mkt. 700;
'■ . '• 9 rooms (new)... 425 21 rms. : very good 850
:.'."'. 19 rooms (fine)... 850 30 rooms: Kearny. 2000
'••'•". -10 rooms; only 200 60 rms. (board'g). 3000
EO other houses, from $50 to $10,000. \
'•• •' ; Apply, to DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. sth.
. '.'A-KREDO _ CO 22-. Geary st.
■-'•"• Money Advanced on All Houses.
■ : -240 rooms; transient; clears $300 month... s4o*".o
.'"** .- 35 rooms: Post st.; transient 1400
'.- • 23 rooms; Fifth St.; reduced from $700... 500
••.'• '. 14 rooms; Stockton st. : rent only $40 600
■ 12 rooms; best block on Post st 700
'• 11 rocms; rent $20; all full 225
• And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
GOOD transient lodging house, 35' rooms; price
!' $800; within 2 blocks of Market st. Box 1279.
• Call office.
: ;-'-' A— NOTICE; 200 lodging houses for sale cheap;
.-• ,• .part cash. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
.". -HEAUTIFUL sunny corner house of 10 rooms
'■' .and bath. $500; rent reasonable. 540 Ellis st.
'■'$250—8 rooms, kitchen and bath: well furnish-
"*.. ;'rd. 339 Bush st.; apply 242 Kearny.
■■' $350— : ROOM house; sunny corner; well fur-
;. Ned; rooms all filled. 132 Turk st.
: . ' ROOMING house, 28 rooms: cheap; paying well;
,' . good reason for selling. ' 420 -Sixth st.
14-ROOM house; sunny corner: all light rooms;
$350; also 37 rooms; price $750. 739 Folsom.
' 16-ROOM lodging house for sale cheap; sick-
•ness; must sell nt once. 142 Sixth St.
:.. .-_ FURNITURE FOR SALE.
.'. . FURNITURE of 6-room flat, comparatively
new and elegant, completely furnished for
• • .housekeeping: sold at sacrifice on account of
.-'• . departure; parties buying can retain flat at
. . . moderate rent; unsurpassed marine view. Box
.' .. 1650, Coll office. ■-. .-.■..•
,' FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS^
. ■ BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
-. INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
• A- BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
.*. . (ill sizes), office fixtures, cash registers,
■ V scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
;.| timates given J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
' BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
- linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
NICELY fitted up restaurant, doing good busi-
ness; cheap rent: sells cheap before the Ist;
no agents. 155 Fifth st.
"BICYCLE for sale: price $20; high-grade wheel,
splendid condition. 606 A Powell st.
•• COO EGG incubator; good as new; cheap; $25.
•'". '..' 13es Wood St.. Oakland.
•' FINE 10 karat gold filled American watch for
$6; cost $15. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 J3 rant aye.
'FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
, ' ; . etc.. Cal. Belt Co. ; tel., Br. 331. 519 Mission.
' -BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S, 616-518-5241 Mission.
•" . feAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-":■•• 423 Sacramento st. - -.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
• -sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
. ' ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HUFSCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. ,
■ TOOLS and machinery, every descrip., bought
and sold; send postal. EPSTEIN, 648 Mission.
PERSONALS.
INFORMATION wanted of A. D. RICHARD-
SON, by .occupation a copper miner; when
last heard from was in Elko. Elko County.
Nov.; valuable information awaits him.
DORA E. MOORE. Duncan Mills, Cal.
LEDERER, the leading hairdresser; la mode j
coiffures, 25c: pompadour hair rolls reduced ;
from 500 to 35c for the longest and best;
switches, $1 up. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
LEDERER'S Quinonla is sold two to one over
any other Hair Tonic In the market: 'i'jc bot-
tle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
A— Ladies', gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint "07. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom St.
YOUR pictures enlarged in Italian water col-
ors nnd system thoroughly taught for $5 at
407 Sutter st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 112$ Putter st. MRS. CLAYTON. .
JOHN L. BOONE Patent. Trademark
Attornev-at-Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send, for Circular. Patents Solicited.
BERWIN _ GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St.. removed to store 110 Kearny st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re- j
tall: all kinds fancy work to order. K. |
YOSHITANI & CO.. 313 Sutter st. |
JAPANESE roods, bamboo furniture. Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company. 507 Larkin st.
BATHS 12*_c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies. 34 Fourth St.. nr. Market.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS DR. r"N'KF. 1416 Sth st.. Alameaa.
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price: postal H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L
LEMOB. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dress made. $5 to $6; dress made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM. .
ADVICE and Assistance for All.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 and upward.
Reveals your life from cradle to grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance "Is priceless. Her -"Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
1 all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, aril skin diseases, heart and mi-
vous affections. . • The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market. Mason and Turk sis.
i ATTENTION— If . you want to see a medium
see the best: tells everything; valuable In-
formation given to users of morphine: 5 ques-
tions by mall $1. LEANDER. 313 Eddy st.
A MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases: diagnosis
free; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
i MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.;
Mon., 8; 25c: sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
A— MRS DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco at 10234 Market st. bet
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits: will
give correct information on law suits, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp -for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023-. Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANT. 24 Page st.. nr. Franklin:
satisfaction guaranteed or no pay. I^RS. M.
A. KNAPP.
YOUR future told by cards; 25 cents. 1045 Mis-
sion St.; downstairs^
GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th St.." now 92* Mis-
sion: best palmist in the city: 25c and 50c.
' CLAIRVOYANT, card reader. 10c: ladles only.
543 Natoma St.. between 6th and 7th. ■
j MME~ MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
_H_ AUGUST, 1150" Mission- St.. clairvoyant
and palmist: .truth or no pay: 25c.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist,
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st.. parlor 3.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently, business
advice: names given: 25c tip. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an offico at 315 O'Farrell
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 1129 Howard St.; sketch. 10c;
send date, hour, birthplace, horoscopes. $1 up.
EDUCATIONAL..
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School; court reporter
17 years; pupils qualified to be court reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms: low nates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
1236 Market st. ■- ■
AYRES' Business College, 723 • Market st.
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. : day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
SEND your child to Prof. Merkl's violin, man-
dolin, guitar class: $1. loos Mission st.
PIANO and German: pupil of conservatory in
Lelpsic; lessons, 75c. 110 Hyde st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
CJUPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lay? carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. telephone. South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPACLDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel.. S. 4".
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.; tel., Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 Hth
Ft.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel.. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel . East 126.
"~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce law; private estates J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister St., room 64.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St. :
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open tvgs. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Ernma Spreckeis blag., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sain; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 227 Sixth; auction sabs every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A THOROUGHBRED saddle pony cheap at 263
Minna street. ■
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— Fine laundry; bakers'; millTwagons"-
. 2 hacks; 3 buggies- ,2 extra fine delivery*
Wagons cheap. 828 Harrison st.
100 SET second-hand harness: wagons carts
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st!
ALASKA ENTERPRISES. ~~~
GOOD man knowing what he _ doing wants
$500 for grub-stake in Klondike; half interest
and trust deed on good property will be given
in case of failure. Address box 16,"9. Call.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold-
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; Phone Mint 45.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented •
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
___________ ___
PHYSICIA_s7
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. offlcT
and residence. 1021*4 Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
___._._._■ STORAGE.
TIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movln_~Co!
Office 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel.. Main 5713.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL- SATUEcDATT, JANUARY 28, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
FELL, 281, bet,. Franklin and Gough— 9 rooms,
bath, hot and cold water; rent to good ten- ,
ant. $20. ■ —
MODERN house, 9 sunny rooms; large yard
and garden; very central: will rent cheap to
good parties. Key at 719 Grove at.
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; $25. 1403 Steiner
street. y: ■_.:-- -v. ■ ■
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD- [
WIN _ HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
MARY. 20, near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors; rent $21 50. -
PERRY. 212 _— Bay-window house, 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSSN & CO., Incorporated. ■ * " ■■
$15— SUNNY house of six rooms and bath. 657
McAllister st. .
TURK, 1229— House, 9 rooms and bath; rent
$30. Apply at 1231 Turk st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED— Post, near Franklin; 9
rooms, bath, etc.; very sunny; large grounds !
and lawn; rent only $75, on lease. Apply j
MADISON _ BURKE, 626 Market St.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished flat, 4 or 5 rooms,
complete; bath, yard, basement, piano and
telephone; cheap; parties going to their sum-
mer residence. Box 1649. Call office.
HOUSE of 7 rooms; furnished; rent $30. 1717
Webster St.. off Sutter.
PARTLY furnished house of 8 rooms: modern j
conveniences. 2533 Mission St.. near 22d. ■
COTTAGES TO LET.
$15— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath and basement;
$15; upper flat, 5 rooms, bath. 220 Thirteenth
c. near Howard. ~'<y\. > ' -'ii^i___
— — — ________■ _— — — — »
FLATS TO LET.
IN every particular a first-class, sunny, stylish
flat of 8 rooms and bath, with storage room in
basement; centrally located In a choice resi-
dence section; has an elegant marine view;
rent very reasonable; inspect. 1417 Clay St..
bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
A— l/OVELY, 5 and 6 rooms. $11 and $14; flats.
606 Shotwell st,. near Twentieth^
A— Nob Hill. opp. Bella Vista Hotel; 5 and 6 I
rooms; bath; $16 to $21 50. Terrace. 920 Pine.
ALMOST new; five large sunny rooms; bath;
storeroom. 27 Elgin Park.
FIFTEENTH, 2156— Modern sunny 6-room flat; j
basement; north of Market. Apply 650 Market.
FLATS to let for the New i'ear by BALD-
WIN _ HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FOLSOM, 521— Flat of 3 large rooms; hot and
cold water; bath; large yard; reasonable.^
GROVE, 642, between Laguna and Buchanan—
6 sunny rooms; bath; rent $23.
JACKSON. 1223. nr. Jones— Modern flat, 5 rooms
and bath, reduced from $27 50 to $20.
MARGARET place. 4, off Furnished flat
of 3 rooms; no children; $15.
McALLISTER, 635— A nice sunny upper flat of
7 rooms; rent $25.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms; sunny; large
yard; cellar; rent $10; no children. ' :■ .;'-
NICE comfortable 8-room flat; newly papered.
110 _ Fell st., near Van Ness aye.
SIXTH 536 A— flat, 4 rooms;; hall, folding
doors, mantle; large yard; rent reduced to $12.
STEVENSON, 427. between Fifth and Sixth— 2
convenient flats. Apply rear or 705 Oak st.
TO LET— Furnished flat, 4 rooms and bath;
rent $15. G. W. H. PATTERSON. 1709 Mkt.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3554, near Dolores— Flats,
5 rooms and bath; rent very cheap.
TWENTY-THIRD, • Upper flat, ,5 rooms;
$14- ;
! UPPER flat of 5 rooms; hot and cold water; j
rent $14. 1523 Leavenworth St., between Pa- i
j cific and Jackson. |
VALENCIA, 449, nr. Sixteenth— Modern flat in
fine order; 6 rms. and bath; two bay windows; ,
reduced from $30 to $20; finest in the city for j
the money. ■ '■--''• '
$S— 3 ROOMS, lower flat: yard, cellar. 4 closets, j
1008 Natoma st., near Eleventh, rear. ;
i $11 AND $10— 3 rooms and bath. 2221 and 2221_
Polk St., between Vallejo and Green.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; kitchen and bedroom;
folding bed; furniture all new; $2 per week; j
$8 per month: suitable for 2 or 3 persons; no
children. Apply at shoestore, 562 Mission St., •
between First and Second sts. - •■■■■•
ALASKA Place,-6— On& rrlce room, furnished or i
unfurnished; lady preferred; furnished, $4.
CALIFORNIA, 1255—1 or 2 nicely furnished
rooms for light housekpg; call after 9 a. m.
CLAY. 2419. near Fillmore— 2 large, unfurnished
rooms; yard; water: rear; $7. j
CLEMENTINA. 707, corner . Eighth— 2 front
connecting rooms; bedroom and kitchen;
laundry and bath; $10.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let. .
FIFTH, 309— New house; 2 sunny corner bay-
window rooms, with kitchen; housekeeping;
folding or open bed; suitable for, four adults.
FIRST, 28—2 unfurnished rooms suitable for
housekeeping; rent $6 per month.
FIRST, 305, above Folsom— $8; upper part
of house; 3 rooms; ln good order.
FOLSOM, Large sunny bedroom; connect-
ing kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
GEARY, 337— Furnished or unfurnished apart-
ments for housekeeping; also office rms.; reas.
GEARY, 408—3 unfurnished connecting rooms
for housekeeping; rent $15.
GEARY, 1917— for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms; bath; 2 beds; coal and gas stoves; all
necessaries.
GR6VE, 131—2 large front connecting house-
keeping rooms; gas; running water.
HOWARD, 1068— Large nicely furnished sunny
■ front bay-window room, complete for hskpg.
JONES, 507—3 sunny furnished rooms; complete
for housekeeping; yard; range; gas.
JONES, 1711%— sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; clean; $15 per mo.: references.
JONES, 2056—2 sunny front rooms; unfurnished;
bath, laundry; $8. < l_
KEARNY, 104—2 very large sunny rooms for
housekeeping or shop; $10.
MINNA, Large sunny room for light house-
keeping.^ ■
MISSION Front bay-window suite, also
parlor suite, complete for housekeeping; reas.
NINTH, 113— Sunny front suite complete for
housekeeping; reasonable.
NOE, 151—2 very pleasant bay-window rooms;
gas range, grate, bath: $12.
POLK, 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms in suites and single; cheap.
SECOND, 247— Furnished and unfurnished hkpg,
rooms; also single, new and clean, cheap.
SIXTH, Front sunny rooms; also house-
keeping rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH, 216*.— sunny kitchen and bed-
room; also sunny single rooms, light hkpg.
SIXTH, Sunny front housekeeping rooms;
running water, bath, etc.; reasonable.^
(STOCKTON, 603— Sunny furnished parlor suite;
single rooms; also 3 housekeeping rms.; bath.
TENTH, 136— Housekeeping rooms; also front
room for 2 gents; coal stove; running water.
TURK, 543— Fine large front room furnished
complete for housekeeping; gas, bath; $10.
TWELFTH, 230 C —Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; private family; select locality;
gas range. . ■
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3267, near Mission— 2 large
front sunny housekeeping suites, furnished
complete. $10 and $11.
: / ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
ln every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Turk, 534— Elegantly furnished large sunny
suite, suitable for gentlemen's club; private.
AT 52 Second— furnished front rooms, $2
to $3 per week; single, $1 up; respectable.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites.
. single; facing plaza; .day or rr.ont"..
BRODERICK, 309— Unfurnished front and back
parlors; sunny; bath; 1 block from park.
BALBOA. The— lo49A Market St.— Suites, $15
per mo. upward: Sl per day; elevator; tel.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— 3 nice unfur-
nished rooms, $7; also 2 rooms. $5. 4
BRUNSWICK -148 Sixth St., corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 Week; open all night; Howard st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT. 1364 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished . or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
DIAMOND, 44— Nice unfurnished front room
with alcove to let.
FIFTH, New management; nicely furnished
' rms and offices; suites or single; $1 25 wk up.
FIFTH.* 428 (Mr.nanics' ' House)— Rooms, single
or suite, $1 wk. up: transient. F. W. Gardener.
GEARY, Good clean rooms and beds, $1
per week; sunny front suite; cheap.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 336—2 nicely furnished,
sunny rooms; near City Hall; light housekpg.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; grate, running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable. " '':'
GOLDEN West Lodging House, 439 Jackson St.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
15c and 20c per day: $1 per wk., $3 per mo.
GRAND aye., 15%— 2 nice sunny front rooms,
with use of the kitchen; rent reasonable. ■■■
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and •
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GREEN, — Bright sunny rooms at reasonable
rates; 'not an Inside room in house; single,
double and light housekeeping; house thor-
oughly renovated. '
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 SO to $6 per week.
LOCUST aye., 125, near I McAllister and Van
Ness aye.— Furnished front room, $1 -week.
MASON, 502. corner Post— Sunny rooms; $8 to
$10: for gentlemen. ■ ■
MINNA. 7:*.* .-Nicely furnished front room to
let; sunny; $4 per month.
MISSION. 1051— Newly furnished large and
. small sunny rooms; rent reasonable. *
MISSION, Large, sunny alcove room . for
two; running water; single for. $5.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, Handsomely furnished front
rooms; hot and cold water. ■
PINE. 614 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
' sunny rooms; single or en suite moderate.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth 'st., j
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SEVENTH, 229— Sunny front furnished room:
cozy and comfortable; cheap. >
STOCKTON, Newly furnished suite: also 1
single rooms; telephone, bath; central; $6 up.
TAYLOR. Nicely furnished sunny front 1
room, suitable for 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
TAYLOR place, bet. Union and Filbert— Four
nice rooms for rent; small rent.
THIRTEENTH, 410 _. near Valencia— unfur-
nished double parlors with use of kitchen
and bath; sun all day.
TURK. Nice furnished room; running
water; gas; closet; suitable for gentleman. -
TO let— A well-furnlshed room in splendid loca-
tion. Apply at 225 Geary st.
TWENTY-FIRST, 2775— Sunny suite; nicely j
furnished; warm belt; 2 car lines; reasonable;
references required.
VALENCIA. 909— Nice sunny room; large closet:
running water; gas; bath; cheap.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH 634— Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms, with or without board; reason-
able. ' ' « " ' - ' ■
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— new !
furniture: first class in every respect: table I
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator; j
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
McALLISTER, Third flat; nicely furnished
sunny rms.; with or without board; gentl'm.
O'FARRELL. Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable; table board.
SCOTT, 1612, near Sutter— Young man can And !
nice room, with home comforts, ln Jewish j
family: board If desired: references.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— A child to board: good home; [
mother's care; $10. 210 Lexington aye., near
Nineteenth st. . - ■-.
WANTED— One or two children to board; room
for parents. 439 Minna st. 2
WIDOW would board small child or Infant. 2655
San Jose ay. ; take cars cemetery line out 14th.
STORES TO LET.
$12— CORNER store and 5 rooms, yard; carpen-
ter, painter or grocery. 112 San Jose aye.
PACIFIC. 328, near Sansome — A handsome
large store: to let very cheap.
~ OFFICES TO LEI.
I EMMA~SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st —
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone: rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices: single
or suite. 1206 Market St.. cor. Golden Gate.
_________———
STABLES TO LET.
16 STALLS; can also be used for other- pur-
poses. Inquire 410 Bay st.
HOTEL TO RENT \
THE American Hotel; furnished: Benicia; near
Baker & Hamilton's Agricultural Works. '■
MEDICAL. ' .
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr. '
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going eleswhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy St.. between
Hyde and Larkin. .
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief.
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong, $2.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly . all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure at any time when
others have failed: instant relief for trav-
elers; home in confinement; best care: con-
sultation free, confidential; every case guaran-
teed. MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from Turk
to 916 Post st. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NEW process sent for female troubles: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; safe and
cure; no medicines or instruments used: con-
sultation free: pills and capsules. $1; cure, $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of irregularities from whatever
cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed cure
at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly; home
for patients separate from office; consult free;
hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL.
1122 Market St., between Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed: any complaints; no Instru-
ments; maternity home: best medical at-
tendance; cure $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
ALLmarrled ladles know ••Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. .06 Clay st.;
$1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 631 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home ln confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
. moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE hospital: best references: trained
nurses; home comforts. 204 San Jose aye.;
telephone White 481. # \
MRS. M. E. ROGERS— Private home In con-
. finement; midwife: 25 yrs. exper. 929 Howard.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
" lief for monthly troubles; $5 or money back.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st.: tel. Green 52.
LOST.
LOST— Tuesday evening. Loyola Hall or street,
lady's silver .watch: gold trimmings; Initials
M. T. S. Liberal reward at 613 Post st.
DIAMOND earring between Orpheum and
Grand Hotel. Inquire at Call office. Lib-
eral reward. y_ )
LOST— green, with yellow half circle I
on neck: reward. MRS. XV. L. PIERCE, 804 |
Cole st.. S. F. ■.-■■"■
LOST— RoII containing two anatomical charts.
Reward by returning to DR. WARD. 606 Sut-
•■ ter st. ■ ■ ' -
THE party that was seen with St. Bernard dog,"
stolen from 316 Sixth St., about 6 weeks ago, I
had better return him to save trouble; no j
questions asked: reward. j
______
found!
FOUND— Large Newfoundland dog; owner can
have same by proving property and paying i
expenses. Address 330 Sixth st. k
_ TYPE \\ H _____ -
All typewriters : : sold . and -. rented, few partly
used for sale >■ cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER- CO., 110. Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Callgraph.. $15; Yost. $25;
; get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st. '
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MISSION COTTAGES ....
....... ON BITUMINIZED STREET .
$2200 Five and six room cottages
$2250 F0ur-room cottage.."
$2400— Six-room cottage
J2SoO— Five-room cottage
$3200— Eight-room ; two-story
New moaern houses with every convenience
on. the sunny side Twentieth St., between
Castro and Noe sts; lots 25x125; small cash
payment, bal. monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
$16,500— RENTS $1950 a year; lot 50x120 to rear
street; this opportunity open for a short time;
location north of Market, -east of Van Ness
aye.; always rented; old tenants and prompt
pay. Address. M., box 1618. Call office.
CHOICE modern cottage: 6 rooms and base- I
ment; situated close to Park: lot 50x100: sac-
rifice: $3000. Pac. Coast Ex.. 1007% Market.
COUNTRY' REAL ESTATE.
GO up at once to Antelope. Sacramento Co.,
and see the 10-acre tract we will sell at low
• prices on easy terms, and also lease with
privilege to buy; our representative now at
Antelope and all who meet him now can get
special inducements. t McEWEN BROS., 118
Montgomery st.
FOR SALE Country home of F. S. Wensin-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
■ to .owner on premises, Freestone, Sonoma Co.
RICH land, near bay; fruit, grain or hogs;
bargain. S., box 1639, Call office. .:„..-
BERl__~. » REAL ES IATB.
$1750— HOUSE of 5 rooms: large lot: street
work all done; electric cars pass the doors; a
bargain. * Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley. : - ;-' -,
$4000 WILL buy a handsome new home of 11
rooms; .everything the best; street work all
done; grand view; close to university. O. G.
MAY & CO., 2123 Center St.. Oakland. ,
SAN RAFAEL REAL ESTATE.
$650— 30x100; cottage. 5 rooms.
$ISOO— 50x120; cottage. 6 rooms: terms
$250 cash, balance monthly; building lots,
terms to suit. SCHOTTLER & CO.. 632
Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible, respect-
able and reliable; loans . ade on diamonds,
Jewels, stocks, bonds and all articles of value:
lowest Interest;; private entrance and room:
perfect secrecy; phone Brown 323; our own
building; established 185 L .UN-^E HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Misson St., above
Sixth: telephone' South 14. '
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. .
BORROW from $1 to $100 on your salary; in-
dorsed paper or other security; reasonable
rates. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. Third and
Jessie sts.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003_ Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6>_ per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential: no com-
mission; lowest Interest. Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
LOANS to salaried people; any proposition
considered. C. G. Taylor, Chronicle bldg.. r. 76.
A. M. Speck & Co., 602 Market, loan on estates,
' city real estate, furniture, etc.. rents, etc.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympia Music Hall.
0_ furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 to $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dr- den, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery.
! * ! SB
ML-ILAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW MORE BARGAINS.
Bradford, fine condition, upright $S7 00
Seitz, a bargain, upright 140 00
Gabler, cost $400 new, upright 175 00
Henry Miller, used 3 years, upright.. 180 00
Sterling, good as hew, upright 185 00
Christie & Son, upright grand 190 00
Chickerlng, a bargain, upright 285 00
$6 payments: guarnt'd 5 yrs. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON (Chlckering Agents). 16 O'Farrell st.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$0 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
THE best bargains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms. -
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
A FINE Hazelton piano for sale cheap; must
be sold at once. Room 21, Flood building.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Haiiet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
.MAUZY, Sole Agent. 808 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st. ■
HAINES Bros.' and other flrst-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. .H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents- Weekly Call.
16 paces. In wranrter. for milling. $1 per year.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: full set Of teeth, $5: crowns, '$3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty:
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered: consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
lowest prices. Full set of teeth $5 up; fillings.
26c up. All work absolutely painless: written
guarantee: painless extraction by electricity
our specialty: ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents: the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west of Chicago: open evening and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sta.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 60c; crowns. $3 60: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors.. 24 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
. tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received St first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4: fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crowns, $3: gold bridge. $5; plates repaired:
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
COLTON Dental Association. 806 \ Market st.
DR. CHARLES "V. DECKER.
GET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth
$4: filling, gold. 60c: stiver. 25c: crowns. $3.
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
WITTRAM PROPELLER COMPAN Y-Lo__T
. tion of principal place of business, San Fran-
cisco, California. .
B Notice— There are delinquent upon the follow-
ing described stock, on account of assessment
No. 6. levied on the 12th day of December, i__
the several amounts set opposite the names of
the respective shareholders, as follows:
No. " No.
Names— Cert. Shares. Amt.
L. W. Storror 6 10 $ id
L. W. Storror 12 100 _ w
L. W. Storror 10 100 _ M
L. W. 5t0rr0r.... ......... 14 60 50
L. W. Storror - 11 100 1 oo
L. W. Storror .....15 50 60
L. XV. Storror ....20 21,213 1-3 21* 14
L. W. 5t0rr0r....... 25 _ 60 50
Nancy G Davis..:. ...18 ,. 10.000 100 00
And in accordance with law and an order
of the Board of Directors, made on the 12th day
of ; December, 1898, so • many shares of each
parcel of such stock as may. be necessary will
be sold at public auction, at the . office of
the company. No. 327 Market street. San Fran-
cisco, California, on FRIDAY, the 3d day of
February. 1899. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.
of said day. : to pay said delinquent assessment
thereon; together with costs of advertising and
expenses of the sale. \ ,
CHARLES . A. HUG. Secretary.
$27 Market St., San Francisco, CaL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
, OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$S5O NET— house of 5 rooms: lot 30x100;
1 block from car line; good location; forced
sale.
$4800. reduced from $7000— Cozy cottace, 9
"rooms; lot 80x150; corner; choice shrubbery,
greenhouse, etc.; few- blocks from Senator Per-
kins' place: all modern and first-class. E. E.
| BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oakland.
FOR Sale— 6o cents on the dollar; one 5, one
6 and one 7 room cottage; also for Investment,
two 2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent;
best location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR.,
Webster-st Station, narrow-gauge. ■ -
j COTTAGE of 4 rooms in East Oakland: lot
( 28x100; choice fruit trees in rear: $700: snap.
E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oakland.
$S TO $16— Five and six room flats in East Oak-
land; convenient to cars;, choice location;
modern. P.. H. WELCH & CO., 13^3 Sth aye.
: B OAKLAND ROOMS VXD BOARD.
FIFTH aye., 1379— Nicely furnished suites with
board for families or single persons at low-
ets rates; elegant view. .
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
I BROADAA'AY, 1455— furn. room; use kitchen;
3 unfurnished, ground floor, sunny. $8.
OAKLAND KIKMTIKIi KIIK _.__,__.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. ** ElevPnth st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
f'Syl ALAMEDA' REAL KSTATE.
$950— MODERN cottage. 4 rooms; lot 25x125;
street work, etc., all complete; Grand-st. sta-
tion.
$1700— Modern cottage, 6 rooms; Jot 26x125;
good location: near station; easy terms.
$1800— greatest bargain in Alameda: lot 50x150;
house of « rooms; choice part of • Central aye.;
cash. . ■•
$3500— Elegant corner, 44x150; new, modern
house of 8 rooms; terms $300 cash; balance $25
per month; this is a snap.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO., 1432 Park st.
I $800—50x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100—50x268 lot on Benton St., near Santa
Clara aye.
$1500- New 5-room cottage, on Grand st.: work
all done.
- $2500—50x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill and
j tank.
$3500— !_x150: elegant new house, 8 rooms;
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office
i open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
! Albert E. Norman and Ida M. Light 21-19
: Peter P. Boeven and Helen Josue 34-25
Antone Foster and Mariana Lawrence 2S-1S
"BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
BORN.
MUTTI— this city, January 27, 1899. to the
wife of Charles Mutti, a daughter.
"Tabbied.
RAU— MAGNIN— In this city, January 25. 1899,
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Stephen S. Rau and
Leuelle Magnin, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Bahrs, Andreas Lynn, Mary J.
Ball. Annie McCarthy, Timothy
Boyd, Julia McLane, Bernard F.
Calvin, Fannie McLaughlin, Mary
Conners, Addle Madden. John
Corey, John J. - Magallon, Joseph
Cornelius, Theodore Miller, James. F.
De Luca, lacopo Neal, Samuel
Eich,' Jacob North, George L.
Esplnoza, Angelina O'Donnell, Katie J.
Foley, Michael Omoto, Chisogoro ■
FrainceBchini, Mary Pacheco, Inez
Glass, Bertie Poyser, Emma A.
Godden, James H. Roettger, Frederick
Golden, Mrs. Thomas Sorensen, Harry H.
Groezinger, Robert Sprague. Emma E.
Hannah, Eliza J. Sullivan. Cornelius J.
Harris, Thomas Sundberg, Jenny C.
Hipps, Julia Taylor. David W.
Holt. William Tomney, Ellen
Lord. Edwin Trivett, Irene
Lowney, Matilda Tyrrell, Annie
Lynch, Robert E. " Wilson, John
BAHRS— this city, January 26, 1899, Andreas
Bahrs, beloved father of Judge ' George H.
Bahrs, Mrs. Louis Schafer, Mrs. Chris Wer-
ner, Mrs. Fred Wagner, Andrew Bahrs Jr.
and the Misses Julia, Amelia, Lizzie and
Louisa Bahrs, a native of Germany, aged 66
years and 4 months. A member of San Fran-
cisco Schuetzen Verein; Exempt Fire Com-
pany; Germanla Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. F. ;
Walhalla Encampment No. 7, I. O. d. F.
[_7'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Assembly
Hall of the Odd Fellows' building, corner of
Seventh and Market streets. Remains at the
parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BALL— In this city. January 26, 1899, Annie,
beloved wife of Richard Ball, mother of Mrs.
Charlotta Schnorf and the late Ellen Ball,
sister of Mrs. David Duran and the late Mrs.
Bridget McDonald and Mrs. Kate Lathbury.
and aunt of Mrs. Charles AVllllams and
Charles J., David H., Edward J., Sadie J.
and Maggie A. Duran, a native of the parish
of Colry, County Sligo, Ireland, aged 63
years. (New York and Brooklyn papers please
copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 345 Tehama street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
BOYD— In this city, January 26, 1899, Julia,
dearly beloved wife of J. H. Boyd, and mother
of Edna, Irene and Belle Boyd.
tT_r Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Saturday),
at 1:30 o'clock at her late residence. 2119 Lar-
kin street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by 3:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
CALVIN— In Sacramento, Cal., January 22, 1899,
Fannie, daughter of L. R. and Mary Calvin,
a native of Nevada, aged 1 year and 7
months.
CONNERS— In this city, January 26. 1899. Ad-
dle, beloved wife of Oscar Conners, mother
of Bert Conners, and daughter of Mr. S. AY.
Howland. a native of San Francisco, aged 34
' years and 11 months. .-
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks. 957 Mission street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
COREY— In this city, January 26, 1899, John
J., beloved son of Maria and the late Thomas
Corey, and brother of Charles. Thomas,
George and Laura Corey. . .
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 811 Harrison street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. .-.--•
CORNELIUS— In this city, January 27, 1899,
Theodore N., dearly beloved . husband of
Nlcoline Cornelius, and father of Elsa and
Charles Cornelius, a native of Amt Dorum,
Germany, aged 42 years 3 months .and 17
days. r;\2~yy '
DE LUCA— In this city. January 27, 1899,
* lacopo, beloved husband of Eufroslna' de
Luca, and father of Narcissus, John,
Amerigo, Fermina, Emerlna and Willie de
Luca, a' native of Italy, aged 64 years.
EICH— In the City and County .Hospital, Janu-
ary 27, 1899, Jacob Eich, a native of Germany,
aged 82 years. ■•:■-.:
ESI'INOZA— In the City and County Hospital,
January 27. 1599, Angelina Esplnoza, a native
of California, aged 36. years.
FOLEY— In this city, January 26, 1899, Michael
Foley, a native of Queens County, Ireland,
aged 55 years.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor _ Co., 767
Mission street.
FRANCESCHINI— In this" city, January 26,
1899, Mary Estella. beloved daughter of Vic-
tor and Kate Franceschini, and sister of
Charles and Loretto Franceschinl and Ed-
ward and William Fogarty. a native of San
Francisco, aged 9 years 8 months and 16
days. ■ ■ '
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 640 Ellis street, thence to St.
. Mary's Cathedral, where a . solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
! of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
* GLASS— In this city. January 27. 1899, Bertie,
son of Samuel and Fannie Glass, a native
of San- Francisco,. aged 5 years 6 months and
i 16 days. = \,
j GODDEN— In the City and County Hospital,
- January 27, 1899, James Henry Godden, a na-
tive of England, aged 25 years.
J GOLDEN— Anniversary mass for the repose of
the soul of the late 'Mrs. Thomas Golden at
• St. Mary's Cathedral, to-morrow (Sunday), at
8 o'clock. Friends are invited to attend.
> GROEZINGER— In this city, January 26, 1899.
Robert, dearly beloved husband of Kather-
ine Groezinger, father of "Robert Jr. and
Lillie Groezinger, and nephew of Charles
Groezinger, a native of Germany, aged 47
. years 4 months and 16 days. . A member of
" San Francisco .Schwaben A'erein and Teuto-
nla Council No. 66, O. of C. F. . (.Lancaster,
- and Philadelphia, Pa., papers 'please copy.)
■'■ . (CTFriends and acquaintances are - respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from San Francisco
i Turn A'erein Hall, 323 Turk street, between
j Leavenworth and Hyde, where funeral serv-
«eS 111 *• he!( l. under the auspices of the
l a *> Francisco Schwaben Verein. Interment
•_a__ O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
t_* N ' A V -In this city, January 26. 1899. Eliza
i *I_J_: bel _ v 'e<l wife of James B. Hannah, and
i mother ° _ John, Percy and Blanche Hannah,
and daughter of Mr*. Bountree, a native of
'-'"I*™ - . a * < 1 30 years 10 months and 29 days.
_,7T r. "ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday) at 1:30 o'clock, from Stewart
Memorial United Presbyterian Church, Guer-
I rero - street, between Twenty-second and
; and Twenty-third. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, funeral car. '
HARRIS— in this city. January 20. 1899, Thomas
Harris, a native of Manchester. England,
; aged 65 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
1 Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue, under
the auspices of A'alley Lodge No. 30, A. O.
U. AY. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HIPPS — In this city, January 26, ISD9. Julia,
beloved wife of the late David c. Hipps.
loving sister of John Riley, sister-in-law of
| Mrs.- John Riley, and aunt of Mrs. _ J. Hea-
ney' and Annie; Frank and Philip Riley, a
native of County Longford, Ireland, aged 62
I years. - - •
1 (T_TThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 70 Chesley street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
; will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
! -commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HOLT— In the City and County Hospital, Janu-
ary 26, 1899, William Holt, a native of Eng-
land, aged 76 years.
LORD— In Pomona, January 26, 1899, Edwin
Lord, beloved "father of Walter H. Lord and
Mrs. F. D. Bose, a native of Massachusetts,
• aged 62 years 4 months and 10 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
j of his daughter, Mrs. F. D. Boa* 423 Tenth
| street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
; LOAA'NEY— In this city, January 27, 1899, Ma-
tilda Lowney, a native of Sweden, aged 71
years.
' LYNCH— In this city, January 27, 1899, Robert
Emmet, beloved son of the late Timothy and
Bridget Lynch, and brother of George W.,
: John P. and Theodore • Lynch, Mrs. Nellie
Barnett and the late Mrs. R. J. Knowles and
! Carrie Lynch, a native of San Francisco, aged
I 20 years.
i LYNN— In this city, January 27. 1599, Mary
Jane, beloved wife of Andrew Lynn, a na-
tive of Brooklyn, N. V.. aged 65 years. 4
MCCARTHY— this city, January 25, 1899.
Timothy, dearly beloved husband of Mary
McCarthy, father of Timothy A., Thomas and
Jeremiah McCarthy, and brother of Mrs
Thomas Toomey, a native of the parish of
Kiimichael, County Cork, Ireland, aged 56
years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 650 Natoma street, thence to St. . Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
I repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McLANE— In this city, January 24. 1899, at the
family residence. 2029 Steiner street, Bernard
Francis, beloved son of Charles, and Catherine
McLane, and brother of Charles A.. Frank,
i James, Kathryn, Rose and Prosper . McLane,
j a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the family
I - residence, 2029 Steiner street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, * where a requiem high
j mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
j soul, commencing at 10 o'clock Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
I MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, January 26, 1899,
Mary McLaughlin, beloved aunt of Mrs. An-
nie Godfrey, a native of County Mayo, Ire-
land, aged 90 years.
MADDEN— In this city, January 27, 1899. John,
I dearly beloved son of Thomas XV. and ' Rose
I Madden, and brother of Ruth Madden, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 montii and 7
days. .
! MAGALLON— In this city. January 26, 1899.
! - Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Mrs. J.
Mdgallon, father of Marion and Louise Ma-
gallon, Mrs. Lucie Svilovich and Rose Col-
vin, and father-in-law of Nick olafl Svilovich
and AA". J. Colvin, a native of France,' aged
I 54 years 5 months and 26 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, -505 A'aliejo street, thence to 1.--0. O. F.
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets. In-
. terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
I. O. O. F.— Lodge Franco-Americano No. 207,
I. O. O. F. : Members are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late brother, Joseph
Magallon, to-morrow (Sunday),. at 2 o'clock,
; from Odd Fellows' Hall.
E. BLANQUrE. N. G.
A. TOUSTIAUX, Rec. Sec.
MILLER— this city, January 26, 1899, James-
F., beloved husband of Bessie Miller, son of
Captain James and Kate Miller, and brother
of Mrs. J. K. Bulger and Mrs. A. C. McLeod,
a native of San Francisco, aged 25 years 6
months and 2 days.
(CTFriends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral this day (Sat-
urday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. ISOS Post street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
• "■ of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
' NEAL— this city, January 27, • 1893, Samuel
i Neal, a native of Virginia, aged 76 years.
I NORTH— In this city, January 26, 1899, George
I Loomis North, a native of St. Paul, Minn.,
aged 45 years 4 months and 20 days.
(CTServlces this day (Saturuay), at 1:45
o'clock, at his late residence, 2319 Central
avenue. Interment private, Cypress Lawn
-Cemetery. . . ■:>..
O'DONNELL— this city, January 27, . 1839, .
Katie J., beloved wife of Joseph E. O'Don-
nell, mother of Evelyn C. O'Donnell, and sis-
ter of Annie G. Coffey.
OMOTO— In the City and County Hospital.
January 27, 1899, Chisogoro Omoto, a native
of Japan, aged 27 years.
PACHECO— In this city, January 27. 1899, Inez,
daughter of Jose Ramon and Maria Pacheco,
a native of California, aged 24 years 3 months
and 12 days.
POYSER— In this city, January 26, 1899, Emma
j Aurora, beloved daughter of Harry and Jo-
sephine Poyser. 'and granddaughter of
Thomas and Emma Poyser, a native of San
, Francisco, aged 6 years 4 months and 17 days.
ROETTGER— In this city, January 27, 1899, at
his late residence, 2625 Sutter street, Fred-
erick Roettger, dearly beloved father of Mrs.
H. Borneman. Mrs. D. W. Saylor, Mrs. F.
R. Grannis and Fred Roettger, a native of
Germany, aged 65 years 2 months and 16 days.
A member of Hercules Lodge NO. 53, A. O.
U. W. "i ' '
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2625 Sutter street, between Baker and
Lyon, thence to the Swedenborgian Church,
O'Farrell street, between Webster and Fill-
more, where funeral services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SORENSEN— In- this' city. January 26, 1899,
Harry H. S., beloved son of H. K. and Anna
E. Sorensen. a native of San Francisco, , aged
8 months and 2 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
. the parents, 1318 Natoma street, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SPRAGUE— In Oakland, January 27, 1899.
Emma E., beloved wife of George F. Sprague,
and mother of . Bertha and May Sprague, a
native of Illinois, aged 33 years , and 8
months.
SULLIVAN— In the. City and County Hospital,
- January 27, 1899. "Cornelius Jeremiah Sulli-
van, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
SUNDBERG— In this city, January . 26, 1899,
Jenny C. Sundberg, a native of Sweden, aged
49 years and 8 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from 1607 Sacramento
• street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TAYLOR— this city. January 26. 1899/ David
Whitman, beloved son of James and Alslna
Taylor, and brother of Mrs. D. A. Camblion
and Ella B. Taylor. • .
tCTFrleijds and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. D. A. Camblion, 2210 San Jose ave-
nue, Alameda. Interment private; 11:15 nar-
• row gauge to Park street. .
TOMNEY— In this city, January 27, 1899, Ellen.
dearly beloved - mother of John Tomney. ; and
sister of James R. McDonald, a native of
• • Cameay, Scotland, aged 56 years 4 months
and 6 days. . -,
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stock-
ton street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TRIVETT— In Oakdale, January 26, 1899. Irene
Trivett, beloved sister of Edith Bailey, and
mother of Perrln 'B. Trivett, a native of
Stockton, Cal. . .
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from her late residence ln Oak-
dale. Interment Stockton.
TYRRELL— this city, January 25. 1899, An-
nie, wife of E. J. Tyrrell, and sister of Miss
Mary Smith, a native of Massachusetts.
(CTFriends and -acquaintances are respect-
■ fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
: pany, 242") Mission street, thence to St. Charles
'• Borromeo's Church, corner - Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, where a mass will be cele-
• brated for the repose- of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
WILSON— In this city, January 25, 1599, John,
. son of the late • William and Mary Wilson.
. and brother of Mary, Thomas, William,
. Alexander and Robert AA'llson and Mrs. Cath-
erine Campana of San Pedro, a native of San
Francisco. yHB£Sfi^&&Ss*i
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day '
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente. Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
- between Union and Green, thence to St.
• Francis Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul/commencing at 10 o'clock, thence "to
Holy Cross Cemetery for Interment.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBA— :~___ .
to Fifth et.. ocpoaite Lincoln -Obook' "'
' Telephone South M.
1314
WEBSTER SLIPS
A JOKER PAST
THE DIRECTORS
Secret of the Plot by Which the
Commercial Departments of
the Mission High School
Were Abolished.
Members of the Board of Education Will
Do All in Their Power to Reconsider
the Vote of Abolition — Stow's
Part in the Scheme — Indig
nant Citizens.
Public school affairs are engrossing
general attention. The department is nec
essarily in a state of confusion and
will remain so until the work of consoli
dation by the Board of Education is fin
ished. When the list of teachers who
have been removed or suspended has
been published and the host of vice
principals have been degraded, - the de
partment will again be in an orderly con-
dition. Protests will then be taken to the
courts, and the dismissed teachers will oe
compelled to fight their way legally back
into the schools.
- There is now absolutely no question tnat
the revolutionary measures of the board
are prompted In some instances by petty
politics and In others for the advantage
of certain favorites who have, for the
time, the ear of those in power. Certain
members of the board accuse Superintend
ent of Schools Webster of subserving
private, selfish schemes under the mask
of proposing public reforms. The scheme
of Webster, Stow and Bush to juggle
Mrs. S. W. McPherson out of her position
has already been exposed. The Superin
tendent and his associates fortunately did
not succeed In this affair and exposure
has made any further effort futile.
The Superintendent, Director Vander
lyn Stow and Principal Walter N. Bush
are now accused, however, of having en
gineered to success another job at the
meeting last Wednesday night. This ac
cusation is made by several members of
the board, and interesting developments
may be expected. The job to which ref
erence is made was the abolition of the
business and commercial departments of
the Mission High School. It is claimed
that the resolution abolishing these de
partments was sneaked through the board
on Wednesday night under unquestionably
false representations. If it is possible to
do so the matter, which is agitating the
people of the Mission, will be reconsidered
at the meeting of the board next Monday
night.
The history of this affair is timely and
of public importance. The direction of the
affairs of special departments— High
Schools and Normal Schools— ls left to the
committee on secondary education. The
abolition of the Normal School, the modi
fication of the course of study in the Mis
sion High School and the dismissal of
special teachers, indicate sufficiently the
great importance of the Committee on
Secondary Education. Vanderlyn Stow is
• chairman of this committee. For some
reason not very clearly explained Director
Stow has delegated his powers as chair
man of the Committee on Secondary Edu
cation to Superintendent Webster.
When the Board of Education met last
"Wednesday night Director Stow had no
report of the Committee on Secondary
Education to submit. As a matter of fact
Director Stow had not taken the trouble
to call a meeting of that committee,
which should have thoroughly discussed
the revolutionary changes proposed for
the Mission High School. Superintendent
Webster placed in his report, however,
a resolution of most peculiar and signifi
cant wording. This resolution provided
that the Mission High School shall have
the same course of study as the Lowell
High School.
Nothing was said directly about the ex
istence of the commercial departments of
the Mission High School and It was not
necessary to say anything. The joker of
abolition was hidden by the Superintendent
ln his pack of apparently innocent words.
Several Directors voted for the resolution
under a false impression and they wish
■ now to reconsider their action. They be
lieved that the standard of the schools
■was to be made Identical and that noth
ing else was Intended. They are natural
ly indignant and will, if possible, remedy
the evil accomplished by the Superintend
ent's resolution.
Director E. L. Head is one of the Di
rectors who declare that they voted for
the resolution under the false Impression
created by the Superintendent. "I never
would have voted for the resolution," said
Director Head yesterday, "if I had known
its true import. I did not know that we
•were legislating the commercial depart
ments of the Mission High School out of
the department and were depriving a class
of over 100 students of the right to In
struction. I was explicitly told that the
resolution was intended simply to make
' the course of study in the Lowell High
School and the Mission High School uni
form. I am heartily in favor now of re
considering the resolution."
It is perhaps interesting to know in con
nection with this affair of which the Di
rector speaks that Walter N. Bush, a
cousin of Superintendent Webster, is prin
cipal of the Polytechnic High School. The
abolition of the commercial department
of the Mission High School would mean
the strengthening of the Polytechnic
. School.
A great deal of Interest was caused yes
terday by the announcement* that the
special department of physical culture
had been abolished in the schools. This Is
a mistake, caused in the confusion of the
board's action on Wednesday night.
Physical culture will be retained in the
department under the direction of the
present Instructors. The department is
■ considered to be one of the most essential
in the public schools.
Teachers whose classes were lost in the
great shuffle of last Wednesday night and
' pupils whose teachers have passed from
the payrolls are waiting ln the ante-room
cf the School Superintendent. Heading
the line of complainants Is Principal
O'Connor of the Mission High School, who
finds himself without his commercial
class, numbering about eighty pupils.
O'Connor alleges that this measure is the
result of the Superintendent's partiality
toward Principal Bush of the Polytechnic
' High School, which will probably catch
the Mission institution's late commercial
department. Bush has always been Jeal
ous of the ' Mission High School, says
O'Connor, and wants to deplete Its enroll
ment. Superintendent Webster is a rela
tive of Bush, and blood is thicker than the
board's economical policy, continues the
Irate O'Connor.
Mr. Webster, when asked for informa
tion on the subject, stated that he did not
wish to discuss the Mission School prin
cipal or his complaint. He, however, stat
ed that those classes were abolished be
- cause of the desire of the board to con
dense in some measure the business por
tion of the School Department. The
classes have become scattered all over the
city said the Superintendent. This is a
part of the scheme to get some regularity
into the educational department of the
' city
" "Notwithstanding Mr. O'Connor's pub
lications I have the best of feeling for the
1 Mission High School, and' I want to see
i It side by side In academic equality with
the Lowell School. Therefore the book
keeping and the commercial law classes
were eliminated. The Board of Educa
tion wishes that school to be what it
should be, to wit. an academy, and that
is all there is to the story. Professor L.
A. Jordan, the head of the science depart
ment of tho Polytechnic, .was granted
three months' leave of absence from that
Institution and will act as. a deputy in
this office during the rush of work In rev
olutionizing the School Department. He
was chosen because of his fitness for this
work. Only because of that and nothing
more."
The legality of the diplomas of the pres
ent normal class Is another irritating
question. The opinion has been advanced
that after this month the city normal will
be a private school, supported by the pri
vate contributions of the pupils. Will the
diplomas of the graduates be accepted
by the City School Department as teach
ers'certificates? If the two normal teach
ers are employed by the pupils of that
school between the dates of February 1
and June 30, 1899, will they lose their
standing as paid teachers of the depart
ment? is another vexing query. However,
Miss Fowler and Mrs. Fitzgerald may ob
tain a five months' leave of absence with
out, Pay and teach in their old positions.
The stenographic class of the Business
Evening School on Bush street, near
Stockton, are up ln arms protesting
against the proposed dismissal of their
teacher, H. A. Byrnes. They claim that
he Is a practical stenographer, and under
his instruction they have made rapid ad
vancement. The proposition to put an
other teacher, Miss O'Mally, in his place
has stirred them up and they threaten to
leave the school in a body. A committee
of the class will visit Superintendent Web
ster with their protest to-day.
It was stated in the report of the Wed
nesday night meeting that the board had
withdrawn its appeal in the Klrkpatrick
case. Such is not the case, as the ques
tion was argued in the committee meeting
of the board and it was decided to let the
case go ahead.
It has been decided that three High
School classes will be abolished. One of
these will be closed ln the boys' and two !
in the girls' school. There is one teacher
on record who does not complain. This
philosophical educator is M. Doyle, draw
ing teacher of the Lincoln School. He i
says It is all right, even If he does lose i
his position, and believes in the greatest
good for the greatest number.
Director Armstrong of the Building and '
Grounds Committee, has submitted a 30
--page report on the dilapidated school
houses in the city. He says the buildings
and yards are in a miserable condition.
Roofs are leaking, walls are shedding '
plaster and the plumbing is unhealthy.
He states that It Is Imperative on the
part of the board to have repairs made
on the school property, that It may be
fitted for occupancy.
After being deprived, of their salaries
for three months, the teachers in the
public schools have become desperate,
and yesterday their attorneys, Garber,
Creswell & Garber and Olney & Olnev,
went before Judge Seawell and asked
that the court modify the injunction here
tofore Issued at the instance of Oscar
Moses, on behalf of the merchants and
other creditors of the School Depart
ment, and allow them to draw their
salaries for the month of January. They
did not ask that the salaries due them
for the months of November and De
cember be paid, but nevertheless the peti
tion to modify the injunction met with
opposition at the hands of Attorneys
Powers. Cushing and Robeson, who are
retained by the merchants and other
creditors to prosecute their claims.
On behalf of the teachers It was claimed
that' the teachers' demands are preferred
claims, and that they were suffering great
Injury by reason of the injunction. It
was contended on behalf of the mer
chants, however, that there Is still in the
treasury to the credit of the School De
partment, the contention being supported
by affidavit, the sum of $248,717 67. which
is not even sufficient to pay the demands
of the teachers, and aver that in the
event this amount is paid out the law
will prevent them from recovering after
another appropriation has been made, as
all obligations arising out of contracts
must be paid out of the funds of the
fiscal year in which the contracts were
entered Into. The contention that the
teachers stand in the light of. preferred
creditors Is resisted by the merchants'
attorneys, and they quote from a recent
decision: ';.-_■;'; -.■• s v:
"Salaries are not liabilities against the
treasury which rest upon any authoriza
tion or contract by the Board of Super
visors or any other officer. They are
fixed by law. and are not subject to the
control of such officers. They are payable
out of the general fund, and are not
limited to any particular part of that
fund which the board may choose to set
apart for their payment."
• The argument on the various Intricate
questions of law arising occupied the en
tire day, and the case was then sub
mitted. A decision will be handed down
ln a few days. .•:/" ;-,
A mass-meeting under. the auspices of
the Mission High School Society was held
last evening in Native Sons* Hall. Seven
teenth and Valencia streets, for the pur
pose of protesting against the action of
the Board of Education in closing the
commercial 'classes in that school. "Dr.
C. A. Clinton presided over the gathering,
which was composed of many of the most
prominent citizens of the Mission district.
A resolution was adopted asking the
board to reconsider its action in the mat
ter of the abolition of the business depart
ment of the High .School and that a com
mittee from the society be granted a hear
ing at the next meeting of the board,
which will take place next Monday even
ing. ';':■-..;-:
Notice was given by Dr. C. A. Clinton
that the executive committee of the Mis
sion High School Society would meet in
Native Sons' Hall this afternoon at 2
o'clock, and also at 822 Guerrero street in
the evening. The committee will attend
the Board of Education meeting Monday
night. ' '
There Was No Foul Play.
Coroner Hill yesterday examined Into
the case of Mrs. E. J. Tyrrell, who died at
her home, B2B*_ Alabama street, last
"Wednesday. Mrs. Tyrrell had been ailing
for a long while. Wednesday she acci
dentally fell downstairs and sustained a
contusion of the head. Dr. Born was
called in and found her suffering from
pneumonia. She died a few hours later
and he signed a certificate to the effect
that death was due to pneumonia. Yes
terday Coroner Hill received a letter from
Minnie McDermott, a cousin of the de
ceased, who claimed that Mrs. Tyrrell
never had pneumonia and " she thought'
the case should be Investigated. The Cor
oner and Dr. Zabala accordingly per
formed an autopsy yesterday and found
that the woman had been suffering from
pneumonia in both lungs.
The Hardtmuth pencil is the best in the
world. Try the Koh-I-Noor. •
Would Not Grant Boxing Permits
The applications -of < various * athletic
clubs':, for boxing permits went over for
one week at the Supervisors' meeting
yesterday. The clubs • petitioning * were
the Palace, which has the match between
Frank Erne and Dal Hawkins, and the
Excelsior, Occidental and Alpine. The
National Club has a permit for February.
Dr. D" Evelyn, returned from the East. Office,
Phelan building. '*"____! *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 28, 1899.
Thursday night on the the ocean was perfect. The sea "was like glass and there was hardly a motion to
the guardian of the bar. The Scandia was speeding on her way to Manila, the ship Two Brothers with a load of
coal from Departure Bay was taking every advantage of the light wind, a number of coasters had barely steer
age way, while over all sailed a glorious moon. The Scandia is now well on her. way to Honolulu, the coasters
made port during the day and the Two Brothers got in Friday evening, but those who saw the picture made up
of those vessels will never forget it. -*"'
HAS THE NEW
CHARTER GONE
INTO EFFECT?
Tax Collector Asks
the Question.
RAISES A FINE LEGAL POINT
CLAUSE IN THE CONSTITUTION
BEARING ON THE CASE.
Mayor Phelan A^rms That the Char
ter, Approved by the Legisla- .
ture, Fixes the Date on
January 1 Next.
Has the new charter already gone ■ Into
effect? '-. ,■ '
This startling question was raised by
Tax Collector Sheehan yesterday at a
meeting of the Finance Committee of , the
Board of Supervisors. The subjoined let
ter started the discussion, the outcome of
which means so much to the persons hold
ing office under the present administra
tion. The letter reads:
Office of Edward I. Sheehan, City and
County Tax Collector.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 25, 1899.
To the Honorable the Board of Supervi
sors Gentlemen: Owing to ( the Insufficient ■
appropriation made by the late Board of
Supervisors for the maintenance of . the
Tax Collector's office, I am obliged to peti- .
tion your honorable body for a special. ap- '
propriation, amounting to $12,000. I also ask
for an appropriation sufficient to conduct
the affairs of my office in conformity with ■ ;
the new charter, as I am advised by my .
attorney that said charter took effect upon
its approval by both branches of the Leg
islature. See State constitution, section 8,
article XI. Tours respectfully,
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN, Tax Collector. '.
The constitutional ' enactment, upon
which the Tax Collector bases his claim
that the charter Is already in force,
Any city containing a population of mora
than three thousand five hundred inhabi
tants may form a charter for Its own gov- ■
ernment, consistent with and subject to tha
constitution and laws of this State,, by
causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who ;
shall have been for at least five years quali
fied electors thereof, to be elected by the
qualified voters of said city at any general
or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election : to
prepare and -propose a charter for such
city. • •- * It shall be submitted to
the qualified electors of said city at a gen
eral or special election, and If a majority
of such qualified electors voting: thereat
shall ratify the same, It shall thereafter be
submitted to the .Legislature for Its ap-
■ proval or rejection as a whole, . without .
power of alteration or amendment.
Such approval may be made by concurrent
resolution, and If approved by a majority
vote of the members elected to each house,
IT SHALL, BECOME THE CHARTER OF
SUCH CITY, or If such city be consolidated
with a county, then of such city • and
county, and shall become the organic law
thereof, and all laws Inconsistent with such
charter are thereby repealed.
Mayor Phelan said, when asked for his
interpretation of the matter: "The char
ter approved by the Legislature was. the
charter of the Freeholders. It expressly
states that It goes Into effect on January
1 next. The Legislature by approving
the charter submitted to it fixed the date.
Any contention otherwise will not hold."
The clause in the charter fixing the date
reads in . part as follows: •/, / .... - v
;- •,•!•• ,__ .. the -Legislature shall; ap- *
; prove the same it shall' take effect and he
-•In force, except as hereinafter otherwise pro
* vided, on and after T the hour of noon on ,
the first day 'of •, January, .in (__ the
*' year ',' 1900, and " • shall " thereupon '•*" be- "
; come "the charter . and organic •law '
of. the city j and .county, of m San' Fran- }
OWNERS CANNOT RAISE RENT
TO FORCE A TENANT TO MOVE
JUSTICE GROEZINGER '.decided: a case yesterday which is destined to i at
tract ■■ widespread attention among property , owners, real \\ estate agents
and rent collectors. It is, in effect that an owner cannot increase the \ rent
of a piece of property to /an/exorbitant 'amount* merely to - terminate : a
tenancy and obtain , possession of the property: ( .He , must resort to . the ' legal
remedy, which is that one month's notice-must^ be -given, the tenant.- This
'does not prevent a landlord from increasing' a tenant's "rent .where he is en
titled to a larger return .on -the money he has invested!" The decision was ren
dered. in the case of Ellen Connolly 'agairret-Lily—WaterbTify.*-— The original
rent of the premises -in dispute at 724 Laguna £ street' was '$10 ' and was in
creased to $25. * . • ' .':•';'.;'. y ', ■.','■• V ,' ' '■■' { V■' . ' : V .V-'- V. \ /•"/.'' ' . .-' .<■.'.*.- ..-.'
The agent for the' landlord testified that the "only reason for increasing
the rent was for .the- purpose of obtaining -possession; Justice Groezinger
decided that the notice was not made in good faith. He held that If a landlord
wants to terminate, a tenant's .. .ease- for the purpose of -obtaining possession
he must give one month's notice prior to the beginning of the new month,
and not resort to the- subterfuge of crowding out a tenant ,by a* fifteen days'
notice, Increasing/ his rent to an outrageous 5um. ...... VV .', V- _ • --,'■
In the past It has. been the general custom of rent collectors and landlords,
in order jto obtain possession of '■ property, .to • increase the | rent \tor a | prohibi
tive sum,', thereby frightening the 1 , tenant into surrendering or suffer a judg
ment: for treble the 'amount; of the exorbitant- /"-rent.'' Justice Gr'oezinger
holds that the spirit and: intention-; of the law-makers in' authorizing a land
lord to change a monthly; lease by ; Increasing rent was i. not ; for the • purpose
of effecting a termination of a .tenancy,; thereby securing possession .of the
property, but 'merely for the purpose of .changing the terms of 'a*- lease- in
good faith'- where the j return is < inadequate to the rental"' value of ' the • prop
erty. 2 ..{' ,"\r "■'■:■' ....'....'. '..•'# .'■,'._;. :'■, ..._....'.- '-"
SEEN FROM THE LIGHTSHIP.
' Cisco, - and shall I supersede the ; existing
charter of - said city and county and all
amendments thereof and all laws Inconsist
ent with this charter •• . • •■■■
The Finance Committee referred the
matter to the City and County Attorney
for an opinion as to the date upon which
the charter takes effect and its provisions
go into . operation.
S. B. CARLETON
IS SUMMONED
Death Claims the Founder
of Town Talk.
S. B. Carleton, editor, and proprietor of
Town Talk of this city, and editor and
manager _of the •official organ of the
Knights and Ladies of Honor, the Chroni
cle (Sentinel) of • Indianapolis, died in
San Jose last night. Mr. Carleton re
turned from the East a few months ago,
seriously: ill. He had been in San Jose for
some weeks, hoping to regain his health,
but his disease was- too far seated for him
to obtain more than temporary relief by
the change. .-• .' . \ ... ■
Mr. Carleton ; was born in Cumberland,
S. B. Carleton.
Md., and was of revolutionary. ancestry.
In 1867 he Joined the staff of the Denver
Gazette. Later on he became one of the
Cheyenne Star staff, and still later joined
the only Gentile newspaper at Salt Lake.
From Utah Mr. Carleton came to Califor
nia, settling for a while in Sacramento
and remaining in the field of journalism.
He went to Brazil In 1870; also took a
flying trip to Cape Town, Africa.
In 1872 Mr. Carleton returned here.en
gaging ■in I various newspaper enterprises
until the establishment of Town Talk,
about seven years ago.
Mr. Carleton was a member of San
Francisco Lodge No. 3. B. P. O. E. ; Doric
Lodge No. 216, .F. and A. M.; Damon
Lodge No. 2, K." of P.; West End Lodge
No. 1102. K. of H., and ' Grand Lodge,
American Foresters,, besides being a
member, of the Supreme Lodge, K. L. of
H. ". He .leaves a widow, formerly Miss
Woodward of Oroville, and two brothers
in St. Louis and another brother in Texas.
Bishop Moreland.
. The Century Club, the Lord Bishop of
Columbia, Baron yon Bolveren, Lan
sing Mizner, in Looker On; J.W.Daniell,
Supervisor Perrault and many others
appear in to-day's News Letter, \ The
Board of . Education is commended for
its good work; a ridiculous Supreme
Court decision and the Senatorial fight:
weddings, criticisms, '| sparks, stories
and book reviews make a fine magazine
for: Saturdays and- Sundays. Ten cents
at all news stands. '.'■'- ' '
SHIPWRIGHTS
AT OUTS WITH
SHIPBUILDERS
Having Trouble With
Hay & Wright.
.
ALL A QUESTION OF' WAGES
"AN ADDRESS TO SHIPOWNERS"
OUT ON THE SUBJECT.
Reward of $50 Each Offered for the
Bodies of William Seabury and t
E. J. Finn, the Missing
Duck Hunters.
The Journeymen Shipwrights' -Associa
tion and. the shipbuilding firm of Hay &
Wright are at outs. The trouble has been
brewing for a long time, -but the fat is
now in the fire and the shipwrights . are
going to fight the firm to the bitter end.
It is all a question of wages— of course,
the matter of union and non-union men
comes in, but the wage proposition is the
principal stumbling block. The • ship
wrights charge that Hay & Wright pose
as a union shop, but pay "scab" wages,
in "An address to ship owners" they state
that members of their own union swore
that they, got $5 a day from the firm,
when for over a year, their pay was only
$3 and $4 a day. "And," says -the ship
wrights in , their address, . "all the time
that this state of affairs existed the ship
wright firm of Hay & Wright- was run
under false pretenses as a union yard, run
under union principles, by bunion men at
union wages."
After citing a number of instances bear- i
ing on the firm's methods of dealing with
the men, the shipwrights close their "ad
dress to ship owners" as follows:
Now, gentlemen, the Shipwrights' Association
of San Francisco is one of the oldest landmarks
on the city front. It has been in existence for
over forty years, and with two exceptions
every boss shipwright in San Francisco and
very many on the coast graduated from its
ranks, including Messrs. Hay and Wright, who
were among its most steadfast . and etanchest
members for years and the greatest advocates
of its principles, rules and wages. Mr. Wright
was a member for close to thirty years, -and
during all that time he never missed an oppor
tunity of advocating . the maintenance of the
highest standard of wages. When our associa
tion adopted a standard it .thought was fair
and honest— and that standard Is maintained
to the, present day— Mr. Wright was not sat
isfied. He took advantage of every opportunity
offered and demanded more pay, more than the
established rules that our association called
for, and got. more pay In many cases.
, A few weeks ago the few shipwrights that
were decoyed ; out of our association told him
that they were disgusted with the way he
was destroying their trade, and If he did not
change his methods they would come back Into
the union. Mr. Wright told the men that he had
been working with almost all his life— the men
to whom he had been holding up the great ad
vantages of the ' association, its rules and Its
wages— men whose trade he is now seeking
to destroy, depriving, them of their only means
of making a living— he told those men that, if
they went back Into the association he would
go deeper Into the valley and get more tramps.
The members of our association are well
known to the ship owners of San Francisco as
a sober, Industrious, • hard-working class -of
first-class mechanics and respectable " citizens
and many of them are the personal friends
and associates of captains and owners of ves
sels and have been for ■ years, and quite ■' a
number of our, members in years gone by
when 'the ..work at our trade was good and
they were able to save ' some money, without
the slightest hesitation, bought interests, ln the
vessels.; of -the ship owners of -San -Francisco
and are associated with them : in business •at
the ■ present time; but of | late I years the • work
at our trade has been. very dull, and a large
majority of our members would 'consider, them
selves very fortunate if they could make -half
time all the year around: and when-consider
ing that they are compelled "to have, •at all
times, about $200 worth of tools, > which we are
constantly losing, breaking, and, we are sorry
to say, in. many cases they are stolen from us—
when- you come to consider those - things ' you
will readily see that it . requires the • greatest
economy on the part of our members to be able
to support their -families. . r. ; .
I .With this I address • the shipwrights I are
going .to every ship owner i in San. Fran
cisco to try to persuade them to give their
work ito any other - firm i but Hay &
Wright.
; . Alexander . Hay, senior member of • the
shipbuilding < firm. lls . • not , bothering ' his
head very much about the address. • "The
shipwrights; think they > know, as' much
about our .business ! as we 'do ourselves,"
said-he.- "In- fact- they think they could
run the .yard and marine ways better
than we can. | Now, I think we know our
own business best and we are 1 running It
to suit our interests' and -the' lnterests of
our -patrons. That is all there is to the
matter." I
'Morton's -Special Delivery men had a
clash . with" the " customs , authorities yes
terday morning.' At. one time ' the Pacific
Transfer- Company', had '-■" the • exclusive
right by an arrangement with the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company to handle bag
gage *on - the Broadway wharves. This
arrangement-* was knocked .out- by the
'courts,' and . now all- transfer men jgo and
come at pleasure. *\ The Pacific I men held
on to one privilege, -however. They were
allowed to v follow : their calling in the
corral' set '> apart *•" for -the* customs In
spectors ;to examine baggage. ' Yesterday
when "the Umatilla, arrived ,' from Puget
Sound, Morton ordered "his men -Inside of
the roped ' space. V They,' were ordered ; out
by the inspector In charge, but Morton
said "No; they stay there unless the Pa
cific transfer men come out * also. The
Surveyor of the Port told i me '. there was
to be no favoritism, so <If -you allow those
fellows to remain; my. men will stay 'right
with 1 , them." There was a wordy warfare
ADVERTISEMENTS. r
see Sunday's papers— different % Hale's open at eight : close
advertisements appear in the every night at -6, Saturdays
Call, Examiner and Bulletin. included. •
all these sales start directly -our doors
:. open,; and the goods remain on sale until
sold clean out : first come, first choice.
these garments
are in our window:
here's the price:
part of the final clean-up in our cloak dept.i
the buyer is now in New York
spring stock is being prepared for:
room cuts a very essential figure x ; ?
9 _ _ few of a kind : end-of-the-season /f% >» r\ ms
•4 #5 sy |_ Ajn remains of big lots : sizes broken \k. «A w L
I/J_AC I _\ up : jackets in blacks, browns and #11* f I 1_»I
J t * Vll ' V 1 t tans: formerly sold at $12.50, ** / * ytV7 * /
$10.00 and $7.50 : it all depends upon having your size among them.
a lot of jackets (as shown in window display) which used • ms **§
to sell at $18.00, $15 and ■ $12.50: if you're above or SLt\ 71 C
below the average bust measurement you will do weN to - ill I 1?
call in and look them over. "• * XJ
also — 11 dozen children's tarn o' shanters (see window) J _ 15 c
7 dozen walking hats and sailors on sale 25c
San Francisco's greatest mail-order house,
937. 939. 94i. 943. 945. 947 Market street.
for a few minutes, and at one time it
looked as if there would be a fight, but
Morton won his point and his men re
mained in the corral.
Six vessels from or to American ports
are overdue, and the following rates of
reinsurance are being paid on them:
Lindley, 191 days from New York for
Java, 80 per cent; Celtic Bard, 123 days
from Hongkong for Victoria, B. C, 90 per
cent: Prince Edward, 192 days from Phila
delphia for Honolulu, 75 per cent; May
Flint, 156 days from Hlogo for New York,
20 per cent; Columbus, 156 days from Java
for Philadelphia, 45. per cent, and the
steamer Almida, 38 days from Hamburg
for New York, 75 per cent. The Almida
left Hamburg on December 15 and passed
Dunnet Head, on the north of Scotland,
six days later. She has not been heard
from since. She Is a tramp steamer of
1542 tons burden, and was in command of
Captain McGregor. ■'_ .-'.•> ■■;::
A reward of $50 each is offered for the
bodies of William Seabury and Edward
J. Finn, the two boys lost while out duck
hunting a week ago. . 2- ■ :.,y-r. ■■:.;
The steamer Centennial arrived from
Puget Sound yesterday. She has been
chartered as a transport by the Govern
ment and will take a load of supplies to
Manila, She will go out in company with
the Ohio and Senator. .-w. ;
MRS. STANFORD AND
THE CENTRAL PACIFIC
A RUMOR REVIVED THAT SHE
WILL UNLOAD HER STOCK.
She Left Last Evening for New York.
Her Arrival Awaited With
Interest.
Railroad people and stock speculators
are on I the anxious seat' regarding the
Central Pacific. The departure of Vice
President Crocker for the East, followed
by the announcement yesterday that Mrs.
Leland j Stanford would leave last even
ing for New York, revived the rumor the
Stanford block of Central Pacific stock
was to be unloaded at once. The sudden
and mysterious rise in Central Pacific,
which increased Mrs. Stanford's fortune
by several figures, has been a constant
topic for discussion and' prophecy among
railroad men for several week.".
' Before Vice President Crocker departed
he held a. long conference with Mrs. Stan
ford, and as their interests , are closely
allied. It Is expected something mo
mentous, will ' happen when they reach
New York. Mrs. Stanford's energies are,
as is well known, all devoted to per
petuating Stanford "University, and she is
endeavoring to so arrange the property
which is to go to the Institution that the
trustees will have comparatively little
trouble in managing it. Instead of leav
ing an Immense fortune in unstable and
fluctuating railroad stocks, the income
from which would always be uncertain,
it is her evident, Intention to convert the
stocks Into cash or gilt-edged interest
bearing bonds. For these reasons it Is
now believed she will dispose of her en
tire holdings in Central Pacific.
Mrs. : Stanford left for tne East last
evening. Her friends knew of her de
parture, but she did not disclose the pur
pose of her trip nor how long she would
be gone. • -'._.._
SLOAN AND COLEMAN AGAIN.
The Noted Turfman Will Shoot a
Match Race of 100 Birds at
Ingleside. VvV V JI
The "only" Ted Sloan and Bookmaker
Coleman will meet again at the traps on
Sunday morning.
Coleman was defeated by Sloan In their
last contest by one bird, and since then
he has been badgering the crack jockey
for a return match, with the result that
Sloan's kindness of heart asserted Itself
and he consented on Friday last to give
his unsuccessful competitor another
chance to redeem himself.
Last evening Tod and Johnny met at
the rooms of the Olympic Gun Club and
deposited with Secretary Scovern the sum
of $250 a side, subject to j the following
conditions, viz.: The race to take place
at the Olympic Gun Club's trap shooting
grounds near Ingleslde on Sunday morn
ing at 10 o'clock; . Hurllngham rules
to govern. Each man to shoot at 100 live
birds (blue rocks), and the one who
scores the greater number of kills to be
declared the champion trap shooter of
the turf and the winner of the coin at
stake. Stanley Scovern has been selected
trapper and official scorer. Betting on
the contest has commenced. The racing
friends of both men are looking forward
to a forenoon of great sport. Coleman Is
a slight favorite in the betting, from the
fact that he is considered a great stayer
and a very cool performer. Still, Sloan
Is confident of winning, and he will have
several admirers on the grounds who will"
back him liberally A against the book
maker.
Tod will use a beautiful twelve-gauge
gun, which is a present from the Prince
Wales. He says that it will be Im
possible for him to miss a bird with the
royal weapon. ; '•.'■ - '-.•••
For a Change
Try any two 15c "dishes, with small coffee, 25c,
at Campl's, 106-108 " O'Farrell at., opposite
Orpheum, and you'll not be disappointed. •
Took Diamonds for Fun.
There is a possibility that Mortimer L.
Meyer, the young clerk charged with
grand larceny, for stealing diamonds from
Miss Florence Gladding, may not be pun
ished. The preliminary examination was
held before Acting Police * Judge Barry
yesterday afternoon. Miss ! G lading testi
fied that Meyer's conduct previous to
stealing the diamonds, was that of a per
fect gentleman. Meyer, ln his own behalf,
testified that he was the "white-haired
boy." at the Gladding residence, 'and used
for fun to take money out of Miss Glad
ding s purse and then hand it back to
her tr He admitted taking the diamonds,
but it was for ffur*_n r*_ He * ad no Intention
of stealing them. The case will be argued
this morning. B
Fell From Top of a Pole.
Charles S. Lisenby, a lineman in the
employ of the telephone company,
while working on top of a pole at Clay
and Broderick streets yesterday morning,
missed his hold and .'.sustaining seri
ous injuries. Just how. the accident hap
pened no one knows. Other linemen saw
Llsenby sliding down the pole a few
feet and then he fell forward and. struck
the ground with both hands. Lisenby
was taken to the i Receiving Hospital in
the patrol wagon, and Drs. Weil and Rinne
found that both wrists were broken.
There was a deep wound in his scalp and
he was suffering from concussion of the
brain and possible internal injuries. He
lives at 716 Fourteenth street.
W. A Strohmeier «_ Co.'s candy kitchen,
pure home-made candies, caramels, taf
fies, etc. Our celebrated cough candy best
in the world. 1006 Market street, •
Convicted of Fast Driving.
"White-hat McCarty* was convicted
by Judge Mogan yesterday of fast driv
ing. He was showing off the fine points
of a trotter on Market street Thursday,
when Policeman Farley arrested him.
McCarty said that Farley had a grudge
against him, but Farley indignantly de
nied it, saying he only did his duty. Mc-
Carty was ordered to appear for sen
tence this morning.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY la
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
Galen Eastman's Will.
The will of the late Galen Eastman,
who died on the ISth Inst., was filed for
probate yesterday. The entire estate of
the deceased, valued at $12,500, is be
queathed Mary L. Eastman, the testator's
widow. jyy '■':.'• ■'•":.
v
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
Uncle Sam on His Knees
to Aguinaldo
Is how the situation looks ' to his
swelled head. Success is the great in-
flator of the cranium, and we feel like
getting one on ourselves, when we look
at the perfection which we have at-
tained in. fine laundry work, and the
transformation that we can effect on
soiled linen, by our "superior methods.
Bring your laundry work here and be
happy. "No saw edges."
The United States Laundry, \ office
,- 1004 Market street Telephone
South 420 : V
/^ffi W5O-W9B.
ra&SgfSy 48 years of success
%22£r prove these troches
to be the best for Coughs, Colds,
Hoarseness, Bronchitis, Asthma.
■• ' In boxes— never sold Inbuilt.
, , —
Pimm RUPTURE.
Z' _KB_> USE NO MORE IRON*
»— _s§3 if Hoops or • Steel Springs.
_\— * m j_\jß_W&^r Rupture retained with ease
_l_^~ H_^i7 and comfort, and thousands radl-
■; fm. 5 cal1 "' CURED by DR. PIERCE'B
m /_#* Magnetic Elastic Truss. ITT" Call at
otfice or write for New Pamphlet No. _
MAQNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO-
CO Market st., opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
/firs). LADIES MHWBBf
£• _a*T DR. FELIX LE BRUM'S
igt a } Steel | Pennyroyal Treatment
l" J is the original and only FRENCH,
J C safe and reliable cure on the mar-
>yy:- ""Xket, Price. $1.00; sent by mv
ft ■ y. i Genuine Bold only by
GEO. DAH__ENDER _ CO.. Sole A__u.
214 Kearny »„. San Francisco.
q visit DR. JORDAN'S «*•*'
ifi&B Museum of Anatomy
/_____ 1051HA2_MS_.trt.6ikA7tk, .T. C_
A B Thel_r_eiteri_M_dtat*>e"«F»ri_
1 ___, 1 DR JORDAN— Private Disease*.
VI J of Marrlagt.
[• k fit HAItf O '««•