VOLUME LXXXV-SO. 85.
INSURGENTS ATTEMPT TO BURN
AND PLUNDER CITY OF MANILA
START FIRES
BY ORDER OF
AGUINALDO
American Troops Fighting
the Flames Shot From
Ambush.
In That Climate Wood Burns Like
Tinder and the Property Loss
Will Be Enormous.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, Feb. 23.— There is great excite
ment throughout the city. Three fires were
started by the insurgents last night at San
ta Cruz, Tondo and the Binondo market.
The latter fire is working its way toward
the wharves. The natives have cut the
hose. One thousand native houses and hun
dreds of business places have been burned.
Refugees are thronging the streets with
their rescued property.
The houses fired were marked with red.
One American officer and several sol
diers were wounded by shooting in the
streets.
The first fire was started in Santa Cruz
district, and after a period of quiet the fires
in the other districts followed.
An attempted rising of the natives in the
city proved abortive, but sharpshooting
continues and many have been made pris
oners.
Heavy skirmishing took place east of
the city yesterday. It is believed the in
surgents lost heavily.
MANILA, Feb. 23, 9:30
"IV 1 a. — The rebel sympa
thizers in Manila, in pursuance of
orders issued by the insurgent
leaders as set forth in their plan
for rising against American rule,
: attempted last night to burn and
■loot the city.
In order to make sure of suc
cess the incendiaries planned to
•start conflagrations in three dif
ferent quarters of the city, believ
ing the flames would soon get
beyond control, and that they j
.would then have a chance to kill j
the foreigners here and pillage j
their property. Santa Cruz, San ;
•Nicolas and Tondo were the
quarters selected for the starting
"' of the fires.
•. Those who were chosen to ap- - }
ply the torch did their work well. '
■ In a short time after the fires were
. : discovered the flames had spread !
-"to such an .extent that the de
:. struction of the city was threat- j
tried. The troops and foreign {
• residents worked manfully to |
; check the fires, but it was not j
• : until morning the flames were
under partial control and the city
thought to be out of danger. '
.;' [V During the confusion attend
ant upon the work of fighting the
fire • armed rebel sympathizers
concealed in houses in the vi- j
cinity of the burning quarters
fired upon the troops. In the '
Tondo. quarter seven members of j
. the "Minnesota Regiment ; were |
wounded,, including Captain N.
, C. Robinson of Company C.
\: There was . wildest excite
' ment, among the natives, and
they were primed for the general
prising. Strong guards were.
The San Francisco Call.
stationed everywhere about the
town and the natives were awed
into submission by the show of
force. Matters are quieting down
at the time this dispatch .is sent.
It is estimated that the loss of
property will be very heavy.
About one thousand native
houses and several hundred na
tive shops were burned. The fire,
originating in the Santa Cruz
quarter, threatened at one time
to reach the wharves, but was
checked. The property of Euro
pean residents generally escaped.
A stiff breeze was blowing when the
first fire started at Santa Cruz, and \
the inflammability of the structures j
caused the blaze to spread with alarm
ing rapidity. The city Fire Department
was hopelessly incompetent and the i
English volunteer, brigade from Santa '■
Mesa was summoned, and,, with a mod- j
crn engine pumping adequate streams |
from the canal, succeeded after four
hours' work in getting the blaze under
control. ■-:>*;'.
Meantime the entire block and the j
greater part of two others across the
street, were completely gutted. Hun
dreds of inhabitants were rendered
homeless.
The Chinese and natives lined the ad
jacent streets, while hundreds more, j
fearing a general conflagration, re
moved their furniture and other port
able goods in every direction within a
radius of a quarter of a mile when the
alarm was first given.
General Hughes personally superin- |
tended the police arrangements. The.
whole city was thoroughly patrolled j
and guards were doubled. Every avail- !
able man was dispatched to the region
of the fire.
Impediments were placed in the way j
of the firemen and the hose was cut I
five times. > This resulted in all the na- j
tives being driven off the streets, those
in the immediate vicinity of the blaze '
being corralled In the vacant lots and I
guarded until tho excitement was over.
In some instances the soldiers were
compelled to Use harsh measures/The
butts of their rifle* and their bayonets I
were frooly applied,
The dansror from live electric wires
necessitated; the closing of . the circuit
In the burning reffien and the only ll*ht j
in certain parts of the city was that I
furnished by the blase. : .
Shortly sites midnight Another Are.
SA]S" FRAKCISCO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1899.
SENATOR HOAR CALLS IT "RUBBISH."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— "1t is all rubbish," Senator Hoar of
Massachusetts said to-day when the Creelman dispatch from Hong
kong accusing him of treasonable correspondence with the Filipinos
was called to his attention. " It is the veriest rubbish,
I hardly care to dignify it by denial, but you are at
liberty to say that I have never corresponded with
Aguinaldo nor with any member of his so-called
Government. I have never even thought of such a
thing.'* The whole story has created more amuse
ment here than anything else. Mr. Creelman, as
was expected when he started for Manila, has
taken his old habits with him.
Manila, From the Old City, Looking Toward Tondo District, Where the Fires
Were Started. . '
was started in the Tondo district,
where the natives are thickest; and
when the firemen and soldiers attempt
ed to work a repular fusillade of rifle
and revolver shots were fired from the
windows and roofs of buildingrs.
The firemen, escorted by soldiers.
proceeded to clean out the houses.
while the fire was unheeded. The Thir
teenth Minnesota were reinforced by
detachments from the Third Infantry.
Second Oregon, the Third Artillery and
the Tenth Pennsylvania. Bullets flew
in every direction, in almost every
street in the Tondo and Binondo dis
tricts, causing the most intense excite
ment.
Many timid persons, imagining that
the rebels had effected an entrance
through the American lines and were
advancing into the city, hurried fran
tically from the hotels and houses, only
to be stopped at the first corner by a
guard. The sounding of a native bugle
call immediately preceding th« firing
lent color to the story.
Thousands of Chinese crossed the
bridges and plazas under fire, hurry
ing with their bundles to the Chinese
Consulate. All night long the fire spread
through the Tondo district, sweeping
away rows of houses and devastating
acres of territory.
With daylight punitive measures were
decided upon and the Americans, al
though tired after their sleepless night's
work, soon cleared the district of every
native after a slight resistance.
There is no doubt that the flres were
deliberately set and according to a well
organized plan of the rebel leaders.
The Incendiaries were members of the
secret militia which Aguinaldo organ
ized in the city before hostilities began.
Many of these bands have been
broken up, but others still exist. Hun
dreds of refugees from the burned dis
tricts are in the streets, but the city
is well patrolled, and it is believed the
immediate danger is over.
CHIMORROS REFUSE TO
DEAL WITH AGUINALDO
Having Taken Negros Island, They
Seek the Protection of
America.
Stiecial Cable to The Call and the N*w York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon
Bennett.
MANILA, Feb. 22.— A deputation
from Negroe consisting of Aniseto Lac-
I son, President of the provisional gov
ernment of the Island; Eusebio Luiz
Luzuriaga, Minister of the Treasury,
and Jose Ruiz Luzuriaga, president of
the native congress, held a long confer
ence to-day with General Otis. I after
i ward Interviewed the visitors and
! learned that on November 12, having
J defeated the Spanish garrison, the in
habitants established a provisional gov
! ernment consisting of the officials who
I are now here and Juan Aremeta, as
Minister of War; Antonio Jaque, Min
ister of Justice; Simon Lazares, Min
ister of the Interior; Au«rustin Amena
! bar, Minister of Agriculture and Com
menSe, and Nicolas Gules, Minister of
Public Works, Stanislao Gusay was
chosen vice president of the congress,
i which Is made up of thirty-six deputies,
Continued on Fovrtb PMP»
Calle Rosario, the Street Leading From the Escoita Toward Tondo.
THREATENS DEATH
TO ALL NATIVES
NOT UNDER ARMS
The Drastic Method Taken by
Aguinaldo to Recruit His Fast
Vanishing Army.
■ MANILA, Feb. 22.— A detachment of Nebraskans this morning drove ■
± a force of 300 Filipinos three miles to the Pasig, killing many of them. X
X Twenty-one of their dead were found on the field. Of our* men none X
6 were killed and only three wounded. ©
X Private John Alley of Company D was severely wounded; Privates X
+ Alonzo Groverick of Company M and Charles Pike of Company X were +
O slightly wounded. ©
q A prisoner captured by the Nebraskans confirms the report that the q
¥ insurgent leaders threaten death to all natives who refuse to take up X
O arms against the Americans. Under this threat many pacificos have re- O
+ cently been impressed into the native army in the province of Manila. +
$ Reports from the insurgent lines say the Tagallo chiefs tell their men 9
O that the Americans suffered great losses In taking 110-ilo, and that all the o
£ Visayas Islands are in open rebellion and will assist the Tagallos in x
T their struggle for independence. V
Q The withdrawal of the American forces from Pateros and some other Q
X distant outposts is also represented as a Filipino victory. -£
REBELS ARE
ASSEMBLING
NEAR MANILA
Thirty Thousand Filipinos
Rallying and a Big
Battle Imminent.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22 —The Wash
ington correspondent of the Her-,
aid telegraphs: Reports from
General Otis and Admiral Dewey
show that Aguinaldo is concen
trating at least 30,000 Filipinos in the
vicinity of Manila and it would not be
surprising if a battle should soon take
place. Reports show there is little dis
sension among Aguinaldo's followers,
even the insurgents surrounding Iloilo
obeying his orders.
Orders will be issued by the War De
partment In a few days directing: the
Sixth and Ninth Regiments of Infantry
to proceed to Manila. These troops will
take the places of volunteers who will
be mustered out as soon as the treaty
of peace is signed by the President.
The officials have learned that some
of the arms and ammunition which
have been shipped to the Filipinos dur
ing the past seven months have been
sent from this country via China. The
matter is being carefully investigated,
but no action can be taken to prevent
such shipments to China. Rear Admiral
Dewey, however, can seize them when
on their way to the Philippine?.
It is authoritatively denied at the
Navy Departmet.-. that Rear Admiral
Dewey authorized the expedition which
left on the Abbey and was afterward
seized by him. On account of the long
coast line of the islands it is impossible
to establish a blockade, but it ia stated
that all shipments of munitions to the
Filipinos will be seized if possible. The
Benhington arrived to-day at Manila,
according to a dispatch from Admiral
Dewey, and the Yorktnwn is expected
In a few days. The Oastine and the
Princeton will soon* reach there. With
this force of small gunboats Admiral
Dewey will be able to cut off many of
the shipments which will be made to
Aguinaldo.
The authorities here are giving close
attention to the daily developments in
the military situation in the Philip
pines and have decided to push the
GERMANY SEEKS
CHAMBERS' SCALP
Requests the Washington Govern
ment to Supersede the Chief
Justice.
■ BERLIN, Feb. 22. — According to the official Ham- ■
$ burgischer Correspondence, the German Foreign Office, O
0 complying with a petition of Germans in Samoa, has re- O
0 quested the Washington Government to supersede Chief $
O Justice Chambers. 6
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
campaign against the rebellious fol
lowers of Aguinaldo with energy.
Every casualty report that comes from
General Otis notes the wounding or
killing of some of the American trooos
by what are practically sharpshooters
lon the other side. The .main body of
the insurgents has now fallen back
well out of the line of effective range
of the gunboats, but as the American
troops have been obliged to extend
their lines in order to protect the water
works and to take advantage of the
natural topographical defenses of Ma
nila, the troops are exposed to the fire
of these guerrillas without an opportu
nity to retaliate, for the enemy flees
before an advance in force. This was.
after all, about what was expected by
the War Department officials, and that
was why, in sending reinforcements to
General Otis, they made it a point to
send as many of the regular troops as
possible who had been used to Indian
fighting in the Bad Lands of the West.
General Lawton, who goes to take
command of these troops, is an old In
dian fighter, and soon after the troops
arrive, within two or three weeks, a
forward campaign will begin and a
heavy blow be fitrack that will keep the
j insurgents quiet during the rainy sea
! son. if it does not bring about their im
mediate surrender. It is felt to be nec
essary to do this in order to avoid the
hardships to which the American
troops otherwise would r>e exposed dur
ing these torrential rains, which will
make life in outside entrenchments al
most impossible for civilized troops.
It developed to-day that Sixto Lo
pez, Agoncillo's secretary, left here
quietly Monday night on the train for
New York. Since then nothing has been
heard from him. His hotel room is
still reserved, and the hotel people say
they think he will come back. Dr. Lo
sada, the only Filipino left, is still con
fined to his bed.
DICTATOR AGUINALDO
ISSUES A MANIFESTO
HONGKONG, Feb. 22.— Aguinaldo
has issued a manifesto accepting- the
situation caused by the "unexpected
provocation of the Americans." -while
lamenting the hostilities which he says
he "tried to avoid by every means in
his power, making humiliating con
cessions and tolerating Insults and out
rages of the army of occupation
against the people of Manila." He adds
that he is prepared to sacrifice every
thing "to maintain the integrity of the
national honor," calls on all to "wit
ness the good faith and honesty of his
Intentions," and complains he has been
treated as a rebel, "because I defended
the national interests instead of be
coming the tool of the American pre
posterous pretensions."
The rebel leader further alleges that
the country is unanimous in his sup
port; that the people "will perish
rather than accept the odious Ameri
can dominion," and that "even the cor
rupt Spanish dominion is preferable."
The Philippine Commission is consid
ered by Aguinaldo to be a farce, and
Otis, Denby, Dewey and Secretary Har
den are classed as pronounced annexa
tionists, the latter being charged with
having "maliciously defamed" the Fil
ipinos in newspaper reports. He is
classed as being "especially obnoxioui
to the Filipino Government."
Finally. Aguinaldo expresses the
wish to "proclaim to the world and offi
cially dispel the false rumors that Ger
many or any other power has rendered
assistance, moral or material, to the
Filipinos, nor have the Filipinos soli
cited it."2
IN DESPERATION
BURNS CHANGES
HIS MANAGERS
Hervey Lindley Now Holds the Reins in the
Senatorial Race..
KELLY AND ORIMMINS IN THE REAR
Major McLaughlin Has Been Deposed and Will Hereafter
Take Mi Orders From the Smooth Citizen
From SiskiyoD and Shasta.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- j
MENTO. Feb. 22.— From the inside of
the Burns camp comes news that Ma
jor McLaughiin Is deposed from the po-
Fttion of political manager of this Sen
atorial and Hervey Lindley, formerly
;«toria! campaign and Hervey Lindley,
formerly of Los Angeles, elevated to
the Candelaria throne.
For days and days there has been
whispered gossip to the effect that
Herrin was disgusted beyond measure j
with McLaughlin's management of af- !
fairs, and that Dan himself was not de
lighted. Lindlt-y's reputation as a boss
was established in Los Angeles and the j
people of the Southland to-day talk of
his smooth operations, although his ca
reer closed In that region of the State
pome years ago. Ho transferred him
. seJf and his talents from the South to
Siskiyou and Shasta some time ago,
ar.«l was falling into obscurity when
Burns called him to Sacramento to look
after Laird, Beecher and other repre
sentatives from that end of the State.
Differences of opinion exists as to the
wisdom of the "Colonel" in swapping |
horses in the middle of the stream. For
several days the onlo-oKers around the
Gulden Eagle Hotel have noticed that
Lindley was at the front. He is some
what bolder than the Major in carry
ing his operations to the floor of the
Senate and Assembly, but it is not cer
tain that his audacity in this^ regard
will win votes for the "Colonel."
i Ibservers note that Martin Kelly and
Phil Crimmins are not enjoying the
same degree of confidence that was ex
tended to them earl} in the campaign.
It is possible that Lindley will direct
his attention to combinations south of
Teh a (j ha pi.
The touts to-night are claiming that
Assemblyman Mut-nter of San Joaquin
will desert General Barnes" vause to
morrow and cast his fortunes with
those of Dan Burns. On the strength
of the report followers of the colonel
are lining up at the bars and drinking
to the health of the Assemblyman. The I
game that caught pour old Senator I
Simpson was tried on Mr. Muenter, but
it completely failed, and despite the
boastings of the touts Muenter has nut
been corralled, and there are no signs j
that he will be coerced or coaxed into j
the corral. He has the assurance that i
a vast majority of the Republican j
voters of San Joaquin County commend ;
his course in resisting the under
handed and smooth work of a faction
of Republicans now engaged in promot
ing Burns' scheme for a secret caucus.
Thomas R. Bard of Ventura paid a
friendly return visit to General \Y. H.
Li Barnes this afternoon. These old
time Californians discussed the affairs
of state and exchanged views on terri
torial expansion and the bearing of
recent events upon the development of ,
the Pacific region of the country. Mr.
Bard is a gentleman of tine presence,
agreeable manners and clear intellect.
In qualities fitting a man for the Sena
torship Mr. Bard is well equipped.
■ Mr. Bard has not yet determined to
.open Senatorial headquarters and ac
: tively engage in the struggle now going
dn. He is here to study the situation
for himself, and after consulting with i
■ his friends will decide what course he
. shall pursue. He is not selfish" or am
bitious, but seems to be animated with
a desire to promote harmony In Re
publican councils. He will not engage
In the contest if his judgment leads to
■the conclusion that such engagement
will add another complication to the
struggle.
The touts of Colonel Burns did not
• derive any particular satisfaction from
the ballot in the joint Assembly to-day.
No gains for the colonel were regis
tered. The gain made for Rosenfeld
yesterday was lost to-day, as Assem
blyman Brooke cast his vote for J. K.
Burnett. There are many' circum
stances that warrant the conclusion
that Burns is endeavoring to secure a
block of Democratic votes by sending
them, through the agency of Sam
Rainey, to Rosenfeld. Early in the !
campaign Burns declared that he would
win with Republican votes or not win
at all. Recent events or incidents cre
ate a suspicion that he has changed his
mind. If he cannot get his desired vin
dication from Republicans he may seek
It in the Democratic party.
The ultimatum given to the Legis
. lature by the touts — "Burns or no Sena
" tor" — has b<»en answered by the stal
wart Republicans. The answer is': "No
Senator rather than Burns." Members
■ who were first Inclined to doubt
• whether the Republicans could win the
' next Legislature should the present
■ body fail to elect a Senator believe now
that notice served on the railroad that
the party cannot be dominated by or
ders from the. yellow building would
give to the party in the next election
tlie greatest Republican victory ever
achieved in California. There is a pro
found and growing belief that the elec
tion of Dan Burns would disrupt the
' party. He has no support other than
that derived from Herrin, the local
boßses of San Francisco and the Ex
ecutive Committee of the Republican
State Central Committee.
The County Committee resolutions
asking that the deadlock be broken by
a- caucus were concocted in Sacramento.
.• -The whole scheme is a Burns pro
gramme. The game is so well under
stood that the publication of such reso
lutions in the railroad organs excites a
smile of derision.
The fact is well known to all the
members of the Legislature that Burns
alone is responsible for the deadlock.
Every other candidate has agreed to
stand aside and permit the election of
' a United States Senator in joint con
vention if Burns would consent. He
tells .his supporters that he cannot agree
. to withdraw under any conditions. He
refers to the assaults by the press and
holds that he must be vindicated. He
■ Js not willing to seek his vindication In
the courts of the land or go before the
people for an Indorsement of his public
record. He demands that the Repub
lican party shall vindicate him in cau
cus. He tells the Republican party of
•this State that It roust have him for (
Senator or go without adequate repre
sentation in the Uniied States Senate.
He alone is responsible for the dead
lock, and he expects to wear out the
patience oj the people and exhaust the
resources of other candidates.
General Barnes, Thomas R. Bard, R.
N. Bulla, Irving M. Scott and U. S.
Grant are willing to stand aside for the
sake of securing the election of a Re
publican United States Senator, but D.
M. Burns gives another example of his
selfishness and his utter contempt for
the wishes of the people and the Repub
lican party by insisting that every other
consideration shall be cast aside in or
der that he may be vindicated. Three
weeks ago he was in position to name
the next Republican Senator from Cali
fornia. It is extremely doubtful to-day
whether he can exercise much influence
In that direction. The anti-Burns ele
ments of the Legislature may - put
aside their sectional feelings and re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1899.
solve to relegate Burns to political ob
scurity. . .
Many things have happened in Sac
ramento during the past week to in
tensify public feeling against the candi
dacy of Burns. The debasement of
Simpson and the methods' used to undo
the poor, weak sinner, coupled with the
attempt to debauch a member of the
Assembly, tend to provoke a feeling of
bitter hostility toward the touts. The
fact that the supporters of Burns have
been compelled to resort to base meth
ods to get votes furnishes the proof
that the "Colonel" has not that re
served strength in the camps of other
candidates of which he boasted early
in the sesslnn. In truth he has no sup
porters to speak of fn th<e other camps.
His cause is weak and failing.
Had Burns been managing for some
one other than himself a contest as
hopeless as his own he would have, ere
this, advised the man whose fight he
was conducting to withdraw. The old
adage applied to the law applies to
Burns. It holds that a man who con
ducts his own case "has a fool for a
client."
FOUR VETOES AND
FOUR APPROVALS;
CADI, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 22.— Governor Gage to-day
sent into the Assembly chamber another
bunch of disapprovals. Assembly bills 30,
84, 145 and 229 were all vetoed.
Assembly bill 30 was introduced by As
semblyman Works and was designed to
create a State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners for the port of San Diego. Bill 84,
by San ford of toendoctno, provided that j
ail lumber companies should allow at
least one hour per day as a lunch hour
for employes. Assembly bill 145, by Raub,
related to assessments in reclamation dis
tricts. Bill 229 provided that the golden
poppy should be adopted as the State
flower of the State of California. i
Bills 61. 97, 163 and 288 all came back ;
with the Executive's approval. Bill 61
provides for recourse to municipalities by
contractors for payment for work done
on street improvements. Assembly bill 97
amends section 690 of the Code of Civil
Procedure, relating to properties exempt
from execution. Assembly bill 163, by
Rickard. amends section 1033 of the Code
of Civil Procedure, relating: to the filing
and service and affidavit of bill of costs
and motion to re-tax same. Assembly bill j
286 by Melick, authorizes towns of less
than the first class to acquire lands for
cemetery purposes:
SALARY FUND PROVIDED
FOR PAYMENT OF TEACHERS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 22.— The Assembly bill pro
viding for the segregation of a certain
portion of school moneys to form a fund
GROVE THE F^EINTVY/VIN.
for the payment of teachers' salaries
passed the Senate this afternoon.
Tne bill was introduced in the Assem
bly by the Committee on Education. The
bill, if it becomes law, will add a new
section to the Political Code which will
provide that a portion of the school fund
equal in amount to the sum of teachers
salaries for the preceding fiscal year shall
be made Into a special fund to be used
only In payment of teachers' salaries,
provided, however, that no moneys which
are applicable exclusively to some pur
pose outlined by tne statute shall not be
turned into the salary fund.
It is further provided that only those
teachers who have held their positions in
the preceding year-may be paid out of th"?
salary fund, and should the fund for any
reason not be sufficient, then the fund
shall be divided pro rata among tohse en
titled to draw from it. The remainder
of their salaries may be paid from the
general school fund, as at present. Those
teachers whose salaries have not oeen in
cluded in the salary fund shall be paid out
of the peneral fund until their salaries
ran be provided for in the salary funn
for the next fiscal year. It is expressly
provided that the salary fund must not
be disturbed unless there be a surplus.
Senate Finance Committee.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 22.— The Senate Committee
on Finance met this afternoon and report
ed favorably upon the following bills:
Nos. 496, 465, 622, 623. 624, 625 and 612. Bill
496 is an act for the relief of Hugo Du
venick, executor of the will of Bigmund
M. Tannhauser, deceased, who by an er
ror in the payment of taxes on collateral
Interests paid a certain sum of money Into
the State Treasury. The bill reimburses
him. Bill 465 pays the claim of William
H. Murray for $1300 for services rendered
the State. Bills 622, 623. 624 and 625 pay
minor claims of the commission for the
revision and reform of the State laws.
BUI 612 appropriates money to pay the
claim of Louise Rienzi for services as in
structress of the State' Board of Silk Cul
ture.
The claim of J. E. Atkinson was report
ed back amended in a very unique way.
The appropriation is for $15,000 for per
sonal injuries received by Atkinson while
working upon one of the asylum buildings
at Napa. By the amendment the money
will be placed in the hands of the State
Board of Examinerß to be invested in in
terest-paying bonds, the interest on which
will be paid to Atkinson, while the prin
cipal cannot be touched, and will upon the
death of Atkinson, revert to the Stale
Treasury. _________________
Convict-Made Binding Twine.
TOPEKA, Kans., Feb. 22.— Governor
Stanley to-day signed— the bill through
which the State Legislature aims to re
lieve Kansas farmers of the exactions of
the binding twine trust. The measure
provides ror the manuracture of binding
twine by convicts in the State peniton
tiarv and appropriates $40,000 for the in
staliinK of a plant and $150,000 to be used
as a revolving fund to carry on the en-
The Grip Cure That Does Cure.
Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets removes the
cause that produces La Grippe. The genuine
has L. B. Q. on each tablet; 26c.
BROOKE THINKS THAT
A BRIBE WAS OFFERED
Post, However, Has an Entirely
Different View of the
Matter.
TWO SIDES OF A CONVERSATION
The Assemblyman Insists That the Intent of the Judge
Was to Get a Vote for Barns in Return
for a Little Contest Fixing.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 22.— Assemblyman Mor
ris Brooke had a great deal to say to
day regarding the attempt that waa
made to bribe him to vote for Dan
Burns for Senator in return for the
promise that if he would do so the con
test for his seat in the Assembly would
be dismissed and he would In addition
be given a place in the County Clerk's
office of Sacramento County. That the
bribe was offered there can be no doubt,
for Mr. Brooke is positive in his asser
tion that an attempt was made to get
him, a Democratic member, to bolt his
party and betray his constituents by
voting for the railroad's candidate for
United States Senator. He also relates
the details of the offer that was made
to him to induce him to accept the
proposition made by the agents of
Burns and the railroad.
"Assistant Attorney General Charles
N. Post had a conversation with mt at
the Golden Eagle Hotel," he said to
day, "about the contest that was being
made for my seat in the Assembly by
William Johnston. He said he was
friendly to me and to my interests and
that he did not believe in contests being
brought on partisan grounds. . He went
on to say that he was a friend of Dan
Burns and that he would like to see
Burns elected to the United States Sen
ate. He also Bald that there would
probably come a time when it would
be within the power of the minority
members of the Legislature to elect or
defeat some one of the Republican can
didates for Senator.
"After explaining the situation from
that standpoint Judge Post said that
he would like me to vote for Burns
for Senator. He then said that he
would use his best endeavors to have
the contest for my seat in the Assem
bly dismissed.
"It was not Judge Post who offered
me a place in the County Clerk's office
I of this county if I would vote for Burns.
That offer was made by another person
whom I do not care to name at this
time.
"My interpretation of the conversa
tion had with Judge Post was that he
had intended to convey the proposition
that if I would vote for Burns for Sen
ator the contest for my seat would be
dismissed; that was the impression
made on me by the conversation at the
time and I still think that that was the
meaning intended to be conveyed."
The full details of the manner in
which a place in the County Clerks
office, which was at tlie disposal of
Jack Wright, superintendent of the
Southern Pacific Company at Sacra
mento, was manipulated as a bait to
induce Brooke to betray his constitu
ents, have been published in The Call.
Concerning the conversation had by
him with Assemblyman Brooke, Judge
Post had this to say to-day:
"I never offered to bribe Mr. Brooke
if he would vote for Burns for Senator.
I did have a conversation with him
concerning a contest that had been in
stituted for his seat in the Assembly
and at that time I told him that I
hoped nothing would come of it. as I
believed it had been brought for parti
san reasons and not because there was
any merit in the case. I never told him
I was authorized or instructed to tell
him that if he would vote Tor Burns
the contest would be dismissed, nor di.l
I tell him that I had any authority to
have the contest dismissed in any
event.
VI did tell Mr. Brooke during the talk,
we had in the Golden Eagle Hotel that
I was favorable to the Senatorial can
didacy of Colonel Burns, and that I
hoped he would be elected. I told him
that it was quite possible that condi
tions would arise that would make it
possible for the minority members to
throw the election one way or another.
I am free to acknowledge that I asked
him to vote for Burns, but the reauest
was not connected in any way with my
offer to assist him to secure the dis
missal of the contest for his seat in
the Assembly.
"I did not offer him any place in the
County Clerk's office and my parting
advice to him was to consult his con
stituents and his own conscience in the
matter of casting his vote for Senator.
That is all there is to the matter, ex
cept that I am a friend to Colonel
Burns and I have done and will con
tinue to do all that I can to secure his
election."
The Assembly Investigating Commit
tee has not taken any action in the
matter as yet, and the Impression pre
vails that it will not do so. The Sena
torial situation so far as Dan Burns is
concerned is in such a condition at the
present moment that the Mexican will
use every influence at his command to
prevent such an investigation, know
ing, as he does, that it could only result
In throwing official light on facts that
would certainly reflect no credit on
himself or the corporation that is be
hind him. _____________
No Money for Dutch Flat.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 22.— 8y the action taken
this afternoon by the Senate Committee
on Claims and Finance it appears that
the claims of the residents of Dutch Flat,
•who allege that by the acts of an in
ebriated youth named Hedgewood they
lost considerable property by fire, will not
be paid, for the committee -sent all the
bills b.ack to the Senate with an unfavor
able recommendation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How often you see a man -yiMjgx JJ—
deeply engrossed in his '-^r^^^^S
work, full of satisfaction at fc^CTj-Sefir?
what -he b»s accomplished ■?"■ j>j/f 2a
in -business, ready to go 'g/JBtl ■?£&■'
ahead and carry out bound- #x|], MB*
less ' schemes of achieve- ggMVlf B^al
ment, and using up all his "~ *§§»
strength and nervous force, Jc Sg y
never pausing to think what M «|lj
unseen danger may threaten JSQWi TK 2
him 'from behind. ■ n^£2\^'!l 1
Mighty few hard- -£A ffi£*X «ffV
working men ever "^ ufji*Hk-V.
stop to realize that - vl m fi? r l j
the headaches and «. Jm Et&JSE^*'
dizzy sensations and ¥
feelings of weak- '&**fijffll&rr M*
ness and sluggish- - -"^qj^mffAr^
ness and incapacity
that overcome - *•
them at times are the forerunners of seri-
ous disease. ' .' ■ • '
More men would succeed in carrying: out
their life purposes if they would put their
constitutions in strong, forceful, high con-
dition, without waiting until disease has
plunged its axe into their vital organs. If
a man who is using up his. working vitality,
faster than his nutritive powers supply it,
will use. Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery as an adjunct to his daily meals, it
will give the digestive organs power to
take hold of the food and extract from it
the elements which strengthen the vital
organism and build up healthy blood.
It revitalizes every organ and tissue of
the body ; purges, bilious poisons out of
the circulation ; invigorates the nerve cen-
ters and the muscular system and makes
a man altogether a man — full of ambition,
energy and pluck.
Mr. Jos, Henderson Dirblun, 0/ 544 Josephine
Street, New Orleans, La., writes to Dr. Pierce :
"I was ailing: for some years, suffering from
dyspepsia, a tired feeling and loss of energy and
appetite. ! I tried one bottle of Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery and found great re-
lief. I took two more bottles, three in all, and
one or two bottles of the ' Pellets,' when I"
found myself in good health again. I recom-
mend Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery to
do all that it is claimed to do." - . -
In many cases where constipation is one
of the aggravating causes of disease, Dr.
Pierces Pleasant Pellets should be used in
conjunction with the " Discovery.". They
are the simplest and most perfectly natural
laxative ever. invented. -: . "-
' It is a dealer's business to sell you what
you ask for— not what he prefers for selfish
profit's sake to sell. '
Out of the Race!
It is a dismal thing to be dropping out of th«
.1 (l -race of Ufa— to stand aside helpless while other*
are crowding to victory— be gloomy where
/ . • - others, are cheerful and — to hunger where
• others are feasting— to have 00 part or relish la
• the life-blessings that were intended- for all.
This break-down is simply a result of Nerve
Starvation, and is accompanied or will soon
•be followed by other symptoms— by headaches,
Irritability, . languor, •■ stomach and intestinal
troubles, and general debility and proftratioa
■ of the system. If you want to be in the race
again, you MUST FEED YOUR SEKTiS.
• There is no other way consistent with natural
. law. If the nerve mechanism be mad* right the
• whole human 'machine will resume its -power*
. and functions. . Happily our latest science has
1 • found a way to do this. There is a pure ana
perfect nerve-food embodied is .
THE FAMOUS _^
PERFEGTO TABLETS
' The grand medical discovery that has P"™**
•uca a. >*oinc for worried and «" fe^ >led m .? 1
.. and overworked, tlredout men. No <*"}»■•
No bottles. No doctor*' bill*. The "m-
-ous Perfecto Tablets act on the Nerre 16 .™:
They tone and strengthen. They ba. nlsn *" »" #
•ymptom. of Nerve failure and lost !«*»*•
They invigorate and restore the £ oIa h h r
They Uh the sufferer of either ««, b » ft, £tlVi
■ , race of life and the full « m '"' °V.bieU ta
tie* and privileges. Put Perf eeto Table ts in
«c p .i?. FKT VUKOTT ■
2"? Rinf-i Guaranteed Cure or
■«*.— JBsE
THE PERFFOTO CO. Caxton Building. Chicago, 111.
; Sold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and OaMand. .
acm-cS^ RUPTURE.
' B^TT"^^^» VSE NO MORE IRON
vaßi^WgV^mj^ Hoops or Steel Springs.
mSBwS&OK&£* a^ Rupture retained with eas« t
4>^&KV»niJ comfort, and thousand* r&dU
•WT IMS ■ •■calljr CURED by DR. PIERCE' 3
m /£!¥*■ Magnetic Elastic Truss. £7 Call at
ik^r office or write for New Pamphlet No. L.
. MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.. ■ % '
[ (20 M*fk«t it.."opp. Palace Hotel, S&aFraoclK*.ANOTHER DEMOCRATIC GOD
HAS BEEN HURLED FROM
HIS HIGH YELLOW THRONE
Senatorial Aspirations of William R. Hearst
| Ruthlessly Shattered in the Minority
Caucus.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 22.— The Democratic mi- j
nortty of the Legislature held this (
morning a caucus that supplied an in
cident of general importance and in- ;
: terest.
The Democrats are becoming bored
by voting for anybody and everybody
■who cannot be elected for United
States Senator, and they wanted to re
lieve the monotony by doing something
ctartling. They succeeded beyond their
■wildest expectations, when Assembly
man Burnett of San Luis Obispo pro- ;
posed that for the rest of the legislative j
session they vote for William R.
Hearst.
if a Spanish bomb had burst in the
midst of the caucusing Democrats the
result could not have been more explo
elve.
Vials of Democratic wrath were
poured in vitriolic streams upon the
head of the devoted William. He was
called everything that is not good. He ,
was denominated as more unspeakable
in his attributes to Democrats than
General de Young is sometimes sup
posed to be to Republicans and the
members of the Democratic minority
were implored not to vote for him un- ;
der pain of costing their party success
as long the name of Hearst may be
used in conjunction with polite Eng
lish.
It was not a pleasant scene. Another
Democratic god had been tumbled into
dust and kicked into smithereens by
the profaning feet of those who were
supposed to be worshipers at a yellow
throne. William will be wise to confine
his political ambition to New York and
the Gubernatorial honor of the Empire
Et-ate.
It was all Burnett's fault.
William as a Democratic joss would
Btill be intact were it not for Burnett,
but the minority wanted something
ee.nsational and Burnett supplied it.
The caucus was proceeding quietly, for
a Democratic gathering, and not even
the murmur of prospective trouble was
In the air. The minority decided unani
mously to vote for Assemblyman Bur- I
JOHNSON'S EYE
OUT FOR THE
MAIN CHANCE
Sacramentans Question the
Motives of Grovel in the
Matter of Bill 611.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 22.— Mayor William Land
and others who are interested In the
governmental affairs of this city are
demanding of Grovel Johnson an ac
counting upon Assembly bill 611 which
he introduced in the Assembly on the
third day of the present month. Also
they are constrained to ask if the fact
that Mayor Land declined to make
Grovel Johnson special counsel for this
to close up the bond deal Just now
going on has any connection with the
fact that the bill introduced by John
son has been buried out of sight on the
second reading file with little possi
bility of its getting far enough along
to warrant a hope for its passage.
Assembly bill 611 is designed to repeal
the act of 1*72 by which Sacramento
waa permitted to redeem its funded in
debt( - Since the enactment of
1572 this city has succeeded in taking
up the bonds that stood against it and
residents of this city. Land among
them, hold most of them.
The iaat of them were liquidated dur
ing the past two years and the commis
sion appointed under the act is anxious
to have this Legislature repeal the law
and thus elope the whole matter so far
.as it is concerned.
To accomplish this Assembly bill 611
was drawn up ahd Johnson was asked
to introduce it. He assented with pro
testations of extreme pleasure at such
a privilege. Then, with as much pleas
ure he had it referred to the Judiciary
Committee, of which he is chairman,
and upon its first appearance before the
committee he made so glowing a speech
in Its favor that it was at once recom
mended to pass.
Those who heard and knew him spec
ulated much upon the incentive ro his
eloquence.
The incentive became apparent vhen
subsequently hf went, rubbing his sleek
palms, into the presence of Mayor Land
to talk over the bill. It was in good
condition, he saiu, and would doubtless
pass, though possibly with some trouble
because of the overloaded condition of
the files. It would be his pleasure to
wetnurse the measure anyway until it
was able to stand for itself. At the
game time, why would it not be ad
visable, the best policy in fact, for
Mayor Land to appoint Mr. Johnson
special counsel to handle the matter?
It' was not a sparsity of brains that
bulkled up the big fortune the Mayor
draws- his checks on and Johnson's
gairje was not a difficult one to decipher.
Trie- Mayor flatly refused him the ap
pointment and explaining his refusal
later said that such a proposition had
too much the semblance of a direct
: bribe to a legislator to influence legis
lation in which he was personally anl
.officially interested. It did not Jibe with
his spnw of honor at any rate, no mat
ter how it appealed to the unique brand
: . of that quality that Johnson claims for
his own. His refusal was a flat one.
> but Grovel came back on the r> bound
and asked again and again did allu
sions to Assembly bill 611 and the prob
. ability of its passage form no inconsid
erable portion of his conversation.
Mayor Land, however, merely re- j
nett for United States Senator to-day
and for Nathan Cole Jr., Silver Re
publican, to-morrow.
The indiscriminate use of names for
an empty honor led to an important dis
cussion. Even among the Democrats
a complimentary vote foT United States
Senator has been cheapened and As
semblyman Burnett introduced a reso
lution binding the Democratic members
to vote for William R. Hearst for
United States Senator for the rest of
the session. Burnett is now sorry that
he spoke. He said nice things of Wil
liam, but every compliment was met
with venomous denunciation in which
more than one member took a whack at
William and then returned to the at
tack.
R. Porter Ashe took the center of the
stage of oratorical abuse. He asked
his associates to believe that he had
some self-respect left, and in justifica
tion of that self-respect he declined to
vote for William R. Hearst for any
thing that in any way is remotely con
nected with honor. Mr. Ashe begged
his fellow-Democrats to remember that
the position of United States Senator
is one of national honor, and that it was
shameful even to associate the name of
Hearst with it, even in a compli
mentary way. But Mr. Ashe had only
begun. He reminded his associates
that they have other interests than
their own to protect. For the time be
ing they are custodians of the welfare
of the Democracy of the State, and Mr.
Ashe said he could conceive of no more
outrageous act of party treachery than
to saddle the Democracy with the
weight of William R. Hearst as a I
standing aspirant for Senatorial hon
ore. With the name of Hearst the Re- j
publicans would have a bludgeon far
more deadly with which to beat the I
Democracy to death than the Demo- j
crats have possessed in their warfare \
upon the Republicans with the name of
De Young.
Mr. Ashe became even more serious. J
He called attention to the fact that if
the Democratic minority were to vote
for Hearst for the remainder of the |
peated his positive refusal, and since
that day, as Land predicted, no word
has come from Johnson concerning it.
It has been sleeping quietly on the
second reading file and no oratory has
come out of Johnson to awaken It. de
spite that his own measures and thos»o
who have done him legislative favors
are now either in the hands of the Sen
ate or about to be sent there.
When the job that Assembly bill 611
i was to create slipped through his fin
gers his interest in the bill went with
it, and Mayor Land is decidedly warm
over it. He says the bill is one of vital
importance to himself personally and
to the people of Sacramento, and he re
sents Johnson's attempt to use the
knife on the people who have placed
1 him in office.
"Johnson did apply to me Tor the po
sition," he said to-day, "Out I had al
ready practically made the appoint
ment. If I had not I could not have
appointed Mr. Johnson. It would have
I been— well, an indelicate thing: at least
| for me to do. What a position it would
j have placed me in. lam personally in
j terested in these bonds, and we want
I the matter settled. Mr. Johnson asrreed
: to introduce the bill and warmly sup
! ported it at first, but, say, this is a deli
• cate matter, and I had rather not be
interviewed concerning it."
"Have you heard of the bill since you
! refused Grove the Job, Mayor?"
"Well, we cannot learn just what has
become of it," he smilingly admitted,
and the clang of the gong for the bell
boy closed the interview.
SENATORS WASTE TIME
TRYING TO SAVE IT
Much Useless Discussion Over
the Rales — More Business
Than Patriotism.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 22.— The Senate sat to-day
from the usual hour in the morning un- \
til the usual hour at night, but what good j
a great part of the session did Is hard to j
understand. The morning hours were I
taken up with a debate on rules to ex- j
pedlte business and suspending rules to
control business. Had the hours of this
! morning been the only ones so devoted It
would be all right, but so soon as the
Senate considers a rule to save time it
; at once proceeds to waste all the time
the rule would save, and so Is again at
I the starting point. Discussions on rules
j take more time than the discussions on
j bills'— three times as much, measure for
! measure, and next to baiting the press \
I and voting "aye" the Senators' tastes I
! tend toward debating rules for saving '
! time.
The Committee on Rules first submitted j
Senator Curtin's resolution, that on
: March 4 the Senate adjourn. The Senate j
hopes to finish by March 4. but the Sen
; ators fear the limit. The resolution wa*
; laid on the table.
The report of the Committee on Con- j
tested Elections, or at least that part of !
it which related to attorneys' fees in the i
Dennery-Ashe contest, came -up/ Rule 34!
forbids the allowance of any more than I
$300 for attorneys' fees in any election '
contest. The report of the committee al
lowed KWO to each side, or $600. and so Ihe |
question came up on a motion to suspend i
the rules to pass the claim.
There was an hour's argument, in I
; which each Senator who spoke depre- j
i cated the loss of time, and then when it
I came to a vote there were two votes still |
i lacking from the necessary twenty-seven.
j 5L call of the house was ordered, but while
It was in progress the twenty-seven wero
made up and the attorneys' fees were al
lowed. They are: Dennery's counsel. F. i
i H. Powers, $150- E. F. Bert. $150; Ashe's
counsel, H. H. McPike, 5100; A. S: New
burg. $100; F. J. Heney, $100.
The special urgency file is always a
good suoject for talk on rules, and as
things were running rulewlse this morn
ing that unfortunate piece of legislation
had to come forward. It was suggested
by the Committee on Rules that the ur
gency file be taken up Just after the read
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1899.
I session, the action would have a far
reaching significance. People generally
as well as partisans would believe that
Hearst was put forward as a candidate
to be elected two years from now and
the result to the State Democracy
would be as disastrous as William's
journalistic campaign in Cuba,
Mr. Ashe ceased in his oratorical ti- \
rade.
Assemblyman Burnett was gasping j
up against the wall but ventured mildly
to say that Mr. Hearst had been de- '
nounced upon the floor of the Senate.
Mr. Ashe replied that it was not nec
essary to bind up the lacerations of
William's cuticle by damning the j
Democracy of California as long as j
people could remember the yellow gold.
Assemblyman Burnett's motion was |
overwhelmingly lost and the Demo- j
cratic minority will continue to vote as
It pleases.
Senator Ashe, by his action, has jeop- |
ardized not only some of his political
and official friends, but some of those j
with whom he has held the most cordial
social relations. There are several
worthy members of the Senate and the ;
Assembly that have been waiting with
the patience of martyrs to get a swipe \
at William. They would pawn their po- ;
litical life to get just one chance at the !
yellow god and tell whoever would lis- i
ten to them what they think of him.
And now Ashe has destroyed their op- •
portunity by preventing the Democrats
from presenting William's name as a i
candidate for United States Senator.
During the caucus this morning a
resolution pledging .the members not to ;
vote for a Republican for United States
Senator was adopted. Several members
were not present, however, at the time,
and the resolution in consequence is not
binding upon them. After the nerve
racking incidents that followed- the
suggestion of Hearst as a Senatorial
possibility, many members sought the
relief of fresh air. And there seems
now to be very little weeping even
among the worshipers at the discovery
that William, as a Democratic god, had j
feet of clay.
ing of the journal and its consideration
continued until the noon adjournment,
and when it has been run through that
another be formed "beginning with the
other end of the alphabet. It waa fur
ther suggested that at other times the
Senate third reading file be considered.
This was food for more discussion, in
which the Senate reveled until it grew
tired, and then some one moved to lay
the matter on the table, and it promptly
•joined Curtin's March 4 adjournment.
N-«r was this all. Senator Curtin sub
mitted an amendment to rule 34 to make
it allow attorneys' fees and expenses,
with no saving restriction. But the hour
was late, the subject of rules had grown
tiresome and the amendment was re
ferred to the Committee on Rules, where
it will be until it can furnish diversion
for. another morning session. This left
five minutes for the consideration of the
file. The title of one bill was read and
then the Senate adjourned for joint bal
lot. It had been a pleasant if uot a pro
fitable morning's session.
Senator Flint submitted a bill, by unan
imous consent of the Senators, allowing
the Native Sons to use the design of the
great seal of the State for medals to be
presented to those who were in active
service during the war with Spain. The
bill also provides that the Governor shall
appoint three commissioners to act with
the grand officers of the Native Sons to
regulate the preparation of the medals
and their proper presentation.
An invitation was received from the As
sembly to the Senate, Inviting the Sena
tors to come to the Assembly chamber
and listen to honeyed words from As
semblymen Caminetti and Johnson on
Washington. The anomaly of Assem
blyman Johnson rising in public to speak
of the Father of his Country evoked no
smile. ,
It' was moved and seconded and car
ried that the Assembly be asked to add
the name of Senator Shortridge to the
list of orators, and having thus raised
the hopes of the Senator from Santa
Clara the Senate proceeded to rob him of
half his audience by declining the invita
tion. The Senate was too busy was the
excuse. There are more suggestions on
rules to be considered.
Assembly bill 261. submitted by Dibble
and amending the Penal Code so as to
prohibit the unauthorized wearing: of but
tons of secret societies, was passed.
Assembly bill 528. an act to provide a
special fund for the payment of teachers'
salaries, was passed.
Senator Smith's bill to establish a poly
technic school in San Luis Obispo County
and providing an appropriation of $100,000
for the purchase of a site and the erection
of a suitable building and apparatus was
passed by the Senate. The bill also pro
vides for the appointment by the Gover
nor of a board of trustees of five mem
ber? to govern the school.
SUPERIOR JUDGES GET
A RAISE IN SALARY
BAL.T. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 22.— Assemblyman Dibble
wound up two weeks of hard fighting to
day by pushing Senate bill 56, by Curtin,
through on Its final passage in the Assem
bly with more votes than he needed to
his credit.
Senate bill 56 provides for a rniso of JlOflQ
per annum in the salaries of the Superior
Judges of San Francisco, Tuolumne and
Shasta counties, and probably no meas
ure that has come into the Assembly has
met with more or stronger opposition.
The country repreSentatires were
against it for the reason that their coun
ties were not In on the deal and because
of pledges of economy made at home they
could not get them in.
Melick pulled figures on Judge Dibble to
prove that country Judges did more work
and got le?s money than the jurists in the
city, and Belshaw of Contra Costa want
ed to prove the same thing. Johnson
who was backing the bill at first, got mud
at McDonald of Tuolumne, who was alsh
interested, and vented his spite by get
ting up and ripping out a speech against
the proposition. He did no harm, how
ever. Belshaw offered an amendment put
ting Contra Costa on the list, but it was
voted down, and he withdrew it when
Dibble demanded to know If he had in
troduced it in good faith. Radcliff of
Santa Cruz and Cobb of San Francisco
backed Dibble strongly and the San Fran
cisco delegation spread itself over the
floor and worked on every one who stood
out.
When It came to a vote it pot almost a
dozen more than it needed, though a caii
of the House was necessary to accom
plish It.
ONE MORE BALLOT
AND NO CHANGE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAC
MENTO, Feb. 22.— After the tak
ing of one ballot for United States
Senator Judge Dibble moved that
a second ballot be taken. He said
he understood that two or three
more Democrats were going over
to John Rosenfeld, and he wanted
to give them a chance. The mo
tion to adjourn shut out Dibble's
motion.
There was absolutely no change
in the Republican end of the bal
lot. The Democrats, however, split
between four candidates—Assem
blyman James J. Burnett. John
Rosenfeld. James D. Phelan and
Stephen M. White.
The ballot was as follows:
BARNES 11
ESTEE 1
BULLA 10
BURNS 26
GRANT 26
SCOTT 2
BARD 3
WHITE (D.) 6
ROSENFELD (D.) 2
PHELAN (D.) 3
ALFORD (D.j. 1
BURNETT (D.) 17
ANTI-CARTOON
BILL GETS ITS
DEATH BLOW
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 22.— The pet anti-cartoon
measure of young Mr. Works of San Di
ego, the bill to prevent the promulgation
of unlovely features, came up for final
passage before the Senate this afternoon
and it received its quietus.
It is not thoroughly dead. Like a newly
killed snake, it has still a squirm, a no
tice of a motion to reconsider the vote
which failed. That will be considered
to-morrow, and unless some Senators ex
perience a sudden and complete change
of heart the bill will receive a second
and final whack between the eyes.
There was not so much oratory over
the measure as appeared when it came
up for second reading. Every one had
had his say except Senator Shortridge,
who could not restrain his desire to give
the bill a final kick. Senator Shortridge
repeated his arguments of last Monday —
that the bill in restricting the expression
of opinion by pictures was doing precise
ly the same thing as restricting the ex
pression of opinion by printed words, and
this, he declared, was in direct violation
of that provision of the constitution
which says that must not be done. He
referred to the power of the press as
manifested in the wrongs it has righted,
the schemes it has exposed, the corrup
tion it has prevented by Its fearless ex
posure of methods and In its influence
toward education and progress. Because
it sometimes overstepped the bounds, he
denied the Senate had a right to tie its
hands. The excess could be punished by
the laws of libel already on the statute
books, he said, but the liberty of the
press could not be abridged.
Senator Rowell believed the bill would
be benefited by striking out the prohibi
tion against portraits, but he did not think
it worth while to offer his suggestion in
the form of an amendment. There was
no further discussion, and the bill went
immediately to a vote on roll call. Sen
ator Chapman announced that he was in
favor of the bill and he had agreed to
pair his vote with that of Senator. Sims,
who was absent and opposed to it. The
roll call proceeded and then the absentees
were called— those who were really ab
sent and those who hoped to escape tha
responsibility of "aye" and "no" by re
maining silent, in the expectation that the
bill would be passed or refused passage.
When everybody had been dragged Into
the light the vote was as follows: ; r--.
Ayes— Bettman, Burnett, Curtln,
Cutter, Dickinson, Feeney, Hall, Leayitt,,
Maggard. Morehouse. Nutt. Pace, Simp*
son, Taylor. Tfout and Wolfe— l7. '
Noes— Braunhart, Bulla, Davis, Dwyer,
Flint Gillette, Jones, Laird, Larue, Luch
singer, Prlsk, Rowell, Shortridge, Smith
and Stratton— . _
Absent— Boyce. Currier, Doty, Hoey,
Langford, Sims— 6.
Paired with Sims— Chapman. <•
A call of the House was demanded, and
on ayes and noes the chair decided against
the call. Cries for a roll call on the call
of the House were beard and on the roll
being called the motion for a call of the
House was found to have been lost. -
Before the vote was announced. Cutter
changed his vote from no to aye and not
hearing" Cutter and fearing some one had
forgotten to provide for a reconsideration,
Morehouse: asked permission to do v the
same. He withdrew his request when he
heard Cutter had changed, and then when
the vote was announced Senator Cutter
gave notice that to-morrow ha would
move to reconsider.
ROUTINE WORK
IN ASSEMBLY
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 22.— At rollcall at 9:30
o'clock this morning there were not
enough lawmakers on hand In the Assem
bly to do business, and on motion of
Dibble a recess was taken until a quarter
after 10 in order that there might be time
to round up the House.
As soon as the House had reconvened
there were a half dozen petitions for
leaves of absence; few who were on hand
were inclined to spend the holiday at
hard work. Assemblymen Greenwell,
Brown and Clarke were granted permis
sion to absent themselves, and the rou
tine of the morning was begun.
The Committee on Irrigation reported
favorably on Milice's Assembly bill 246, to
provide for the organization of persons
owning water which is received and dis
tributed to their lands from the same
source and the same system of works.
The Committee on Hospitals and Asy
lums recommended the passage of As
sembly bill 195, to provide for the erection
and equipment of a commissary building
at the Home for Feeble-minded Children.
Assembly bill 131 for additional accommo
dations at the Home for the Feeble
minded Children and the erection of cot
tage* for epileptic and paralytic persons;
Assembly bill 192 for lighting, heating and
laundry apparatus at the same institu
tion.
Trie Judiciary Committee, which had
under consideration the petition from the
drought-stricken farmers of Northern San
Luis Obispo County for exemption, from
taxation, reported the petition back to
the House without recommendation.
The committee states that under the
constitution no such relief as is asked for
can be given, and it recommends that the
stricken farmers allow their lands to be
sold to the State and trust in the gen
erosity of succeeding Legislatures for
their redemption. "
The Committee on Federal Relations
recommended the passage of Assembly
concurrent resolution IS. eulogizing Presi
dent McKinlpy and the course he has pur
sued during the Spanish-American war;
Senate joint resolution 11, relative to
money due and unpaid to the State of
California from the National Government
for fitting out volunteers; Assembly joint
resolution 21, relative to the restraint of
traffic of convict-made goods to the States
or Territories in which they are manu-
Senator Braunhart's seawall bill was on
the second reading file and was passed
Late In "the afternoon the steering com
mittee brought in a recommendation that
the bills offered by Camlnetti, Griffin and
White be received and the Assembly
agreed to it by a unanimous vote.
Just before adjournment was taken to
to-morrow Speaker Anderson announced
that there would be a public meeting In
the Assembly chamber thiß evening and
that Grove L. Johnson, Assemblyman
Caminettl and Senator Shortridge would
speak at some length in honor of Wash
ington's birthday.
This evening the chamber was crowd
ed and two hours were given over to spell
binding of the most violent types. The
orations were such as have been seldom
heard on the floor of the Assembly cham
ber and the audience was enthusiaatic In
Its applause.
MAJOR McLAUGHLIN
HAS BEEN DEPOSED
Too Expensive to Suit the Tastes
of the Railroad Cor=
poration.
HERVEY LINDLEY TAKES CHARGE
Burns 1 Campaign to Be Poshed From Now On by the
Smoothest Lobbyist in the Pay of the
Southern Pacific.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 22.— Major Frank Mc-
Laughlin haß fallen. For fifty-two
days and fifty-nine ballots he has man
aged the Senatorial fight of Dan Burns,
and those who seek to dishonor Cali
fornia by giving Mexican Dan a seat
in the United States Senate fear that
McLaughlin will not succeed in his
management. These people have deter
mined, therefore, to change managers,
to depose McLaughlin and lift Hervey
Lindley to the vacant throne.
The change is an incident of greatest
significance in the Senatorial campaign,
as it is made at a most critical time,
and means that the Southern Pacific
Company, determined to elect its can
didate, fears that success cannot be
won under the management of Frank
McLaughlin.
It means, also, that the corporation
which employs McLaughlin and con
trols Burns has decided that McLaugh
lin is too expensive a luxury to suit cor
poration tastes and does not render a
service commensurate with his pay.
Hervey Llndiey, the successor of Mc-
Laughlin, is old in the employ of the
railroad, understands the policy of his
employer and is familiar with the
methods necessary to carry out that
policy.
The episode of McLaughlin's man
agement of Burns is interesting. Mc-
Laughlin is chairman of the Republi
can State Central Committee, and in
that capacity has much to do with the
direction of party affairs and the sug
gestion of party candidates. Shortly
before the Legislature convened Mc-
Laughlin took occasion to express his
opinion forcibly on the candidacy of
Dan Burns for United States Senator.
McLaughlin declared that he had heard
that the railroad intended to force Dan
Burns upon the Republican party as a
United States Benator. McLaughlln
declared that this was an jutrage and
altogether too bitter a dose for the
party to swallow. Notwithstanding
these assertions McLaughlin became
and remained until to-day the man
ager of Burns' fight for the United
States Senate. He avowedly accepted
that position, if he did not arrogate it.
as other followers of Burns claim that
the Mexican has no manager and keeps
his secrets to himself. .
McLaughlin has been, however, the
central figure in the Mexican's cam
paign. If he has arrogated what was
not his own hie arrogance has been ac
cepted. He was, to every observer un
til to-day, the manager of Dan Burns.
This management was not satisfactory.
In the first place, although in the re
sult to be achieved of secondary con
sideration, McLaughlin was too expen
sive. The railroad spends money to buy
results, and there was no result except
failure in the management of Dan
Burns' campaign. After fifty-nine bal
lots have been ta}cen and every artifice
known to corrupt politics has been used
Dan Burns has gained only three votes,
each vote stamping upon its giver a
mark of shame. That is not a result
the Southern Pacific Company contem
plates with equanimity.
The corporation began to make very
serious and searching inquiries to de
termine the cause of the failure of their
plans and of the management of Mc-
Laughlin. The affair Is one of moment
to them, as tools in the United States
/Backache A
HUDYAN CURES. M
• ? ESCONDIDO, Cal.
DEAR DOCTORS: Having 'read a great many testimonials In praise of your wonderful
remedy, Hudyan. I thought I would write and relate to you my experience with it. .
I had been a sufferer from Nervous Exhaustion. Nervous Debility and "Weakness for a
number of years, but, thanks ,to Hudyan. 1 am - now perfectly well. I do not know how
many different remedies I used, but whenever. I heard 'of one .that was advertised to cure
complaints similar to ! mine I gave it a thorough trial. Doctors could do me no good either.
"I consulted with a number of them, and they all told me that my ailments were, rather
trivia and that a cure could be readily effected, but they all failed. My sufferings at all
times were intense. : I never felt rested, had no ambition to do anything and felt that my life
'was a. useless one. I could not even attend to my household' duties, which were very slight,
-because of my becoming so easily, tired. I was absolutely without energy. At nights I would
toss about the bed and would often- get up and try •to make myself sleepy by reading. 1
always awoke -in the morning feeling miserable. My back would ache, my limbs would be
.tired and my eyes would look red and swollen. Despite the fact that I used numerous
remedies, I was growing steadily worse, and think that I would have continued to do so had
I not become Informed of the wonderful .results of Hgdyan In nervous cases.- I had not used
It long before I experienced relief, and I am now perfectly well in every particular.
I consider Hudyan a grand remedy, and I do not hesitate to recommend It in all cases of
nervous troubles. Sincerely yours. . MRS. K. C. TAFT.
HUDYAN cures diseases of the Blood and Nerves. HUDYAN cures nervousness,* weak-
ness. exhausted nervous vitality, rheumatism, sciatica, locomotor a^axla, paralysis, headache,
sleeplessness I despondency, mental depression, hysteria, neuralgia, pains in the side and back,
epileptic fits', palpitation of the ■ heart, nervous dyspepsia, irfdigestion. mental worry, early
decay, . constipation, all female weaknesses, suppression of the periods, pale and sallow com-
P All druggists, 50 cents per package; »lx packages for $2 50; sent to any address on receipt
of price. ■ ■ ' ■ ■
i HUDYAN REMEDY CO., Corner Ellis .and Market st«., Ban Francisco, Cal.
.' "■•'■ If you wish Medical Ad vie* Consult the Hudyan Doctors Frea.
f Senate are not only expensive, but diffl
! cult to obtain.
The investigation of the railroad
agents was fruitful. It was found that
i Mclaughlin was not giving his undi
j vided attention to the Senatorial fight.
I He was seen day after day interesting
1 himself in other legislation.
The Southern Pacific Company balked
at this condition of affairs and Mc-
Laughlin has been deposed. Hervey
Lindley will now assume the manage
ment of the Mexican's campaign and
conduct it on lines that were over
looked by McLaughlin. Hervey Lind
ley is first cousin to Colonel Mazuma
and possesses all the family secrets.
Lindley has been for years the recog
| nized agent, lobbyist and representa
j tive of the railroad in the southern part
!of the State. His headquarters are at
! Los Angeles, but his political and cor
ruptionist division extends all over the
State. In matters of moment, in af
fairs requiring a delicate manipulation
and the presentation of ringing argu
ments Hervey Lindley has few equals.
He has therefore been chosen to handle
the Mexican's fight. In a matter of
such grave importance it was not to
■ be expected that the employers of Lind
j ley would ask him to assume all the
! complex obligations of the trust they
! have imposed upon him. There are
! great schemes to be concocted and de-
I tails to be carried out.
Hervey Lindley cannot do both, and
i to his brother, Al Lindley, has been as
signed the duty of attending to the de
tails of the management. These de
tails are also delicate in their nature.
i One may make the general outline of
negotiation, but some one else must
■ carry out the incidents. This duty Al
j Lindley will accept, as he is qualified by
j nature, it is said, to see in the dark.
He is now in the office of the Secretary'
! of State, but will have ample opportun
; ity to assume his new obligations.
This affair has created a great deal of
comment. It is looked upon as the be
ginning of the end of the unwarranted
ambition of D. M. Burns to disgrace
this State as Its representative in the
• United States Senate. The change of
managers at this critical time in the
struggle is a confession more eloquent
than a spoken avowal that the fight is
lost.
It was to be expected that Major Mc-
Laughlin would deny this important
incident in Burns' campaign, and in his
denial this is what he says:
"The first intimation I had of this
matter was when a Call representative
called on me this evening. I then stated
and now state that there is not the
slightest foundation of truth in the
story; that I am still managing Colonel
Burns' senatorial campaign and will re
main in his fight in the capacity of his
friend and chief adviser until he is
elected United States Senator."
The other politicians interested in the
affair are, as a matter of course, se
! cretive. In business such as this, where
there is involved the manipulation of
public men. silence on the part of the
• manipulators is the only argument.
The new management by Hervey
Lindley has been so conspicuous as to
■ be noticeable to every observer in the
] last few days. Lindley has outclassed
McLaughlin in boldness, indicating in
his actions his realization that desper
| ate. measures are necessary to win the
fight for Burns. McLaughlin, in a dis
cussion subsequent to his formal denial
of the truth of the change of rna.nage
ment, laid stress particularly upon the
fact that the change will injure the
fight of Burns.
AD VSBTISEMENT3.
LAST WEEK
Hf - \ Vv \ \l] ~\ X
jal — 9 — \ \ \ \ /./■——— *^^
. \ I X \ i i i ■ 1
Clearance Sale.
In addition to the broken lines on the
bargain counter this week for 25c on the
dollar we will close out 1800 pairs of our •
FAMOUS LIFE-SAVING SHOES
In lace, with the latest style coin toe and
kid or patent leather tip, also butto#with
square toe and patent leather <I*Q HA
tip, f0r........ 3>O.UU
THESE SHOES are made of extra qual-
ity French kid and are actual'/ worth
$5.00. All siz^s, all widths. . Satisfaction
■ guaranteed or money refunded.
SEND FOB SPECIAL PBICE LIST.
NOLAN~BROS.
812-814 Market St.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
Mall Orders Filled Promptly.
' ■•^^— ii — «—^ •-
Fast Dyes for Cotton.
Brilliant and Unfading Colors Made by
Diamond Dyes.
A Ten-Cent Investment Often
Saves Dollars.
Professional dyers always use differ-
ent dyes for cotton than for wool, as
cotton is a vegetable fiber, while wool
I comes from an animal. In Diamond
! Dyes there .are some fifteen fast cotton
; colors that are prepared especially for
'■■ cotton and mixed goods. These dyes
give colors that even washing in strong
! soapsuds or exposure to the sunlight
will not fade.
See that you get Diamond Dyes, and
take nothing else. i££_ '
"PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK. - Z\
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVER. TV
A EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
1 ;'-', •::?; For the Past 7 Tears
FOR ALL USES AM) USERS
! ON WOOD, GLASS, METAL, STONE, BRICK
: and FABRIC SURFACES; makes a perfect
1 amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 over any ft tier
; paint, stands 500 DEGREES OF HEAT with-
out scaling:. ... . .
BEAUTIFUL, ARTISTIC, DURABLE.
WASHABLE. Prevents BARNACLES and
. FOULING in SALT WATER. CORROSIOX
and RUST from exposure. Send *Sc for SAM-
PLE bottle and pamphlet. "WHAT IS PEGA-
MOID?"
WESTERN AGENCIES CO.,
61 and 62. Chronicle Building. S. F.
NEW KODAKS, BULL'S EYE,
PREMO AND POCO
CAMERAS
Rrom $5.00 Up.
Films, Plates, Papers, Material and the beat
developing- and printing.
CATALOGUES 'AND INSTRUCTION FREE.
OPTlClANS^^aph^^tus. I
642 Market st. instruments^ i
UKDES CHRONICLE BUILDING. CATALOGUE FREE/
Use f*& Use
Woodbury's f>«*^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap. ■>^>/ Facial Cream.
Scalp diseases, falling hair, baldness, prema-
ture grayness quickly cured, and the luster,
natural -growth and color, restored by JOHN H.
WOODBURT. 26 W. 23d St.. New York, .and
163 State St., Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beauty
Book, and receive sample of Soap and Cream.
free. , , ■
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
•■■ . n
Telephone South 24.
TWler and Importer of all brands of COKBL
Tard« at HOWARD AND HEALE STS.
. Dr. Won* Him. No*.
&33&£S& I l * and 117 Mason ■tre«t.
flBKT^^Qf San Francisco, Cal. — This
fIRS> V iB to certify that I have
wKjjßpt^ F been for several y«ar»
CT^l » i • great sufferer from
B^A\ • Blight's Disease of th»
jfigf* / Kidneys, a tumor In th«
. £S££lZ- A left Elde and other dl«-
-,^Eg^6r "*fcv eases incidental to fe-
•^«i??3W__--« ! *si^?**fc. males; that I have for
▼ -"SR^VTTifjQf weeks and months at a
T^SSKWißP*'** time been totally unable
to attend to my domestic affairs, and much of
the time coniined to the bed. Nothing could
be done for me that afforded more than tempo-
rary relief. About three months ago I wa» ad-
vised to place myself under your treatment.
On my first interview, after feeling my pulse,
you described my condition more accurately
than I could have done myself. After uslnf
four medicine and following your advice sine*
that time : am very happy to say I have en-
tirely recovered my health; am fully able. to
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a lair*
family of children; Indeed, for the past 15 or 21
rears ' I have not enjoyed as robust health.
MRS. HETTIE E. LOWE. •
3571 24th street. San Francisco. Cal.
October 18. ISM.
1 ■ ■ ..■<-.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlsinc and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
■exes,, and a great remedy lor diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. . Sells on its own
Merita; no winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUISE. Agents.
MS Market street. S. . F.— (Send for Circular.)
Yrj^nultyT
TUIIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i. SpecliUistcur?* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o; Men only. Book on Private Disease and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rV experience. •
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
t0 3 da11y: 6.30 to ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Oil 1. or address
P. KOSCOE MeXILTT, 51. D.
£•% Kearnj St., San Francisco. CmL
i 11 1 lifci HTlilUllifHiO'ililiii 7iiß»i mil in)" 1 I I ■ ' ' : . ' "VJ^v i - : *>*-V= i -^Ua-s«)fA.-'J
34
DAYS OF ALGERISM
IN WAR DEPARTMENT
ARE NOW NUMBERED
It Is Believed the Secretary Will
Soon Retire and Army Reor
ganization Will Proceed.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— The Herald's !
Washington correspondent sends the j
following: The days of Algerism in the j
War Department are numbered. The |
resignation of Russell A. Alger, volun- ;
tary or by request of the President, will
occur within a fortnight. President I
McKinley has practically made up his ,
mind as to the Secretary's successor.
These positive statements were made
to me to-day by a gentleman usually
informed, and subsequently admitted
as a probability by a Cabinet member
who has talked with the President con
fidentially on the suljject.
Secretary Alger is In Detroit. It is !
believed he is making plans for return- j
ing there and resuming his old busi
ness engagements. He is expected to
return iiere on Friday and it is not un- ]
likely his resignation and the appoint- \
ment of his successor may be formally ■
announced by that time.
Secretary Alger's contemplated jun- |
ket to Cuba and Porto Rico, I am told, j
is off. This is one of the reasons for j
believing his resignation is tv occur im
mediately. I am told by one of his |
close personal friends that he had made ]
up his mind some days ago to make an
extensive tour of Cuba and Porto Rico
to submit a report to the President, and !
then resign from the Cabinet on the
ground of ill health. His idea was that
he could retire without suspicion that
he was forced to do so under fire. This
same gentleman informed me to-night
that the Secretary had practically de
termlned to abandon his inspection trip,
but for what reason he did not seem
to know or rather was unwilling fo ad- ',
mit. Invitations issued to members of
the military committees and their fam-
Hies still hold good, but if the Secretary i
does not go himself it is probable the
trip will be abandoned entirely.
In spite of statements to the contrary
It can be positively asserted that the
relations between the President and
Secretary Alper are decidedly strained. '
President McKinley has felt for a long j
time the serious embarrassment to the !
success of his administration caused by ,
Alger's mismanagement of the Wai-
Department, and his close political
friends have advised him once, more \
than once, to find some way of getting ,
a new Secretary of War. Finding that
public comment on the report of the j
INSURGENTS
ATTEMPT TO
BURN MMIU
Continued from First Page.
with Jose L. Vito as secretary and Juan
Uorento president of the council.
When Aguinaldo Teamed of their suc
cess in ousting Spanish authority he
sent his congratulations to them and
also copies of the form of government
which he proposed to establish in Ne
gros. similar in nature to the principle ,
of the government of Luzon and sub
servlent to it.
The leaders of the Negros revolution
did not approve of Aguinaldo's sugges- ,
tions and they asked Captain Glass of j
the United States cruiser Charleston
for the protection of America. Captain
Glass promised to forward their com
munication to America.
Meanwhile the government has been
working smoothly, and the island has
been peaceful. Hearing of the fall of
Iloilo and fearing similar destruction .
of the principal towns of Negros should '
Aguinaldo's soldiers land on the island,
they sent a deputation to General Mil- |
ler at Iloilo, asking for a definite ans- f
wer to their application for American
protection. General Miller replied fa- j
vorably, and the deputation returned to !
Negros. The American flag was hoisted j
over the town of Bacolod in the pres
ence of the entire population, and na- j
tive troops saluted the Stars and '
Stripes with twenty-one guns. This
imposing ceremony took place on Feb- j
ruary 18. The deputation then returned
to Iloilo and came to this city.
The present form of government in |
Negroß is similar to that of the Swiss
confederation, the island being sub- I
divided into one canton and two prov- <
inces. The members of the deputation j
were asked: "What do you expect un- j
der United States rule?"
They replied: "We put ourselves un- ;
reservedly in the hands of the Ameri
cans. We trust them to establish a
form of government suitable to the
island. We cannot guarantee anything
as to the line of action the other islands ;
will take, but we will co-operate with j
the Americans and use our influence to
induce the remainder of the Visayan
Islands to come under the American
flag."
The delegation made an offer to Gen- j
eral Otis to furnish 100,000 native troops
for the American army.
The area of the island is about two
million arres, and the population about
two million five hundred thousand.
There are two races of people in the
islands, the inland savages and an
outer fringe of rich and peaceful sugar
planters.
REED ROASTED BY
GENERAL SHAFTER
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 22.— General
Shafter, who was a guest of the Com
mercial Club at the annual Washing
ton banquet to-night, in conversation
with Congressman-elect R. J. "Waters
said this morning:
"I have been a hot Republican all my
life and I think that Speaker Reed
showed exceedingly poor taMe and very
little courtesy by his recent actions in
working against the President. In my
opinion, if there is an extra session of
Congress a part of its work will be the
election of a new Speaker of the House.
Reed has grown very rabid of late and
at present is suffering with a swelled
head. When any man gets to that
point in his career he is lost. Reed is,
to say the least, acting very unwisely,
War Commission emphasized the de
mand for the relief of the War Secre
tary, the President has found a way of
impressing upon that official the de
sirability of his early retirement.
While the report of the War Com
mission In one instance pointed out the
inefficiency of the head of the War De- !
partment I have reliable information '
that several members of the committee, j
talking with the President privately !
and individually, made the case against j
Secretary Alg-er much stronger than re
ported in the formal finding's of the
board. The President made a mental
note >>f these observations and indicated |
to at least one member of the board |
that he appreciated the full significance
of their private statements, and that in
the near future they would not go un
heeded.
By many of those who were interested
in the enactment of an army reor
ganization bill at this session it is I
earnestly hoped the formal announce- I
ment o-f Secretary Alger's retirement i
from the Cabinet will be made before
the -end of the week. It is fully appre
ciated that the opposition to the pend
ing bill is as much due to disgust at
Algerism as to political motives. With
the certainty that there is to be a new
Secretary of War capable of carrying j
out the will of Congress for proper |
reorganization of the army there is lit- !
tie doubt that much of the opposition j
to the pending measure will subside.
It is believed the President is not un- |
influenced by the trend of the testimony j
at present being given by officers of the
army before the court of inquiry inves
tigating the charges made by Major
General Miles as to the bad quality of
beef supplied to the army.
Secretary Alger did everything pos
sible to discredit General Miles and de- |
fend the beef, and now that an official
inquiry is being made into the matter
witness after witness comes forward
and tells of the nauseating and un
wholesome character of the canned
roast beef.
When the court of inquiry was or
dered the issue, in the popular mind,
was between the War Department and
General Miles. There is no doubt that j
it was the determination of the War !
Department to find ground If possible j
for* the removal of General Miles. In
stead of this the general will apparently !
be sustained in every charge he made,
and the popular sense of justice can
be satisfied only by the dismissal of
Secretary Alger.
CASUALTIES
AT MANILA
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.—
General Otis to-flay cabled the
War Department as follows:
MANILA, Feb. 22.— Following
casualties in lntrenchments
caused yesterday by men ex
peeing themselves to enemy's
fire:
FIRST CALIFORNIA.
Company K. Sergeant Frank
N. Turton, wounded, forehead.
slightly.
Private James P. Cassidy,
killed.
Following during reconnois
sanee this morning, vicinity of
San Perdo Macate:
FIRST WASHINGTON.
Wounded slightly — Company
E, Privates Joseph H. Warring
ton,Christian E. Horn, H. D. Haz
ard; wounded, seriously. Com
pany H, Corporal W. B. Tucker.
Killed, Private Edwin L.. Hamp
ton, Company H, Second Ore
gon.
Following in skirmish near
water works this morning:
FIRST NEBRASKA.
Wounded — Company D, Pri
vate John F. Alley, neck, very
severe; Company F, Alonzo
Pik%, elbow, slightly; Company
X, Charles Govrlck, knee, slight.
OTIS.
j and will in time see the error of his
way.
"I doubt if there were fifty men in
j the country at the outbreak of the re
cent war who had a suspicion of the
complications which have resulted from
j it. No one could foresee the present
Philippine trouble, but nearly every
j person in the country was anxious for
i the conflict. Now its results should be
taken as the natural outcome of the
i war. The idea that ■ the Filipinos be
j permitted to establish a government of
! their own is ridiculous. Much as we
I may dislike it, it is the duty of the
• Government to pursue the policy al-
I ready adopted relative to these islands.
; Supposing we were to let the natives
try a government of their own mak
ing, It would be only a short while
until Germany, France, England and
other European countries would have
the islands divided among themselves;
this would be just as long as it would
i take them to split them up."
This conversation occurred in the
j presence of two members of his staff
and several other persons.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION
BILL ON ARGUMENT
But the House Pauses Long Enough j
for the Beading of Washington's
Farewell Address.
WASHINGTON,' Feb. 22.— The House
inaugurated the custom which has pre
vailed for many years in the Senate of
listening to the reading of Washington's
farewell address on Washington's birth
day. The address was read at the re-
Quest of Bailey of Texas, the Democratic
leader.
Two hours were devoted to the naval
appropriation bill, but seemingly only
the threshold of the debate upon the cost
of armor plate has been passed. Bou
telle's amendment fixing the maximum
prices of armor plate at $545 per ton, but
restricting the provision to the appropria
tion made in the present bill, was ruled
to be In order, whereupon another propo
sition was offered by Underwood of Ala
bama for the erection of an armor-plate
plant by the Government. A point of or
der against the latter proposition waa
pending when the consideration of the
naval bill was suspended to allow nem
bers of the House to pay tribute to the
memory of the late Senator Morrill of
Vermont.
Fall of an Evangelist.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 22.— W. R. Daly,
an evangelist who suddenly disappeared
from Stockton a few days ago. was seen
to-day in Oak Park, a suburb of this city,
A saloonkeeper there said Daly waa In bis
place in quest of beer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1899.
BEEF-PACKERS WILL
BE GIVEN A HEARING
Court of Inquiry to Permit Army Con
tractors to Have a Voice in the
"Bad Meat" Investigation.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— T0-day's
proceedings of the Court of Inauiry in
vestigating the beef controversy devel
oped little that was new. The testi
mony, with the exception of that of Dr.
Daly, surgeon on the staff of General
Miles during the war, and of Colonel
Woodruff, assistant commissary gen
eral, was generally in line with that
of yesterday. The canned roast beef
was generally condemned as unsatis
factory, while the refrigerated beef was
commended, the chief complaint being
that it often decomposed en route to
camp.
The testimony of representatives of
the Subsistence Department was be
gun, that of Colonel Woodruff, assist
ant commissary general, being the
most notable. He purchased more than
800,000 pounds of canned beef and told
of the method of purchase and the rea
sons that prompted it. He took issue
with General Miles' contention that
beef on the hoof was the usual source
of fresh meat supply to the .army.
Another feature of the day was the
introduction of Dr. Daly, who charged
before the War Commission that re
frigerated beef at Chlckamauga. Jack
sonville, Tampa and in Porto Rico had
been treated chemically. He was not
examined, however, in regard to this
charge, Colonel Davis announcing that
the contractors who were attacked
were entitled to be notified of the ex
amination upon this point that they
might have ample time in which to
appear should they decide to do so. The
law required this, he said. According
ly Dr. Daly was excused after a par
tial examination and will be recalled
later. The investigation will proceed
to-morrow, when General Eagan. for
mer commissary general, is expected
to appear and tell the story of the beef
supply as viewed by this department.
When the Court of Inquiry met this
morning Colonel Davis, the recorder, an
nounced that the examination of wit
nesses so far summoned and reported was
about concluded. The court should con
sider now, he thought, the questions of
further summons and procedure, and, at
his suggestion, the tribunal went into se
cret session.
When the executive session was con
and chief sur
geon of volun
teers during the
war, and testi
fied before the
rommisslon that
he had discov
ered by chemical
analysis boracic
and salicylic acid
in refrigerated
beef furnished tne army, was introduced.
His examination by the recorder was con
ducted slowly and with great care, de
veloping with minuteness all of Dr
Daly's duties while attached to ueneral
Miles' staff. These, besides those of an
a*-mv surgeon, consisted in making spe
cial reports to General Miles on camp
sites, water supply and the like. The re
corder very carefully developed the fact
that most of these reports were verbal
or telegraphic, therein differing from the
now famous meat report which was the
cause of Daly being summoned as a wit
n< Dr" Daly testified that he was assigned
to duty on the staff of General Miles and
,! at Tampa until a few days
after the Shafter expedition sailed, his
duties being of a miscellaneous charac
ter under direction of the army medical
department. Thence he went to Key
We«t Miami and other points to study
proposed camp sites. Later he came
north and finally joined General Miles at
Guanlca, Porto Rico, sailing from
Charleston subsequent to the latter s de
parture. His duties, he said, were those
of attending surgeon at headquarters and
the general duties incident to surgical
and medical needs of the army.
Colonel Davis questioned the witness
closely in regard to his duties and the
+♦ : *♦
Surgeon Daly
and His
Varied Duties.
v
CHINESE CAN GO
BACK TO HAWAII
Right of Those Who Left
Before Annexation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— Solicitor
General J. K. Richards has rendered
an opinion, which has been approved
by the Attorney General, in which he
holds that the Secretary of the Treas
ury has authority to admit to the Ha
waiian Islands auch Chinese persons as
departed therefrom under the regula
tions of the existing government allow
ing them to return, but who would be
excluded by the extension to the islands
of the laws and regulations now opera
tive within the United States.
After reviewing the history of the
legislation and the decisions of the
courts on the subject the Surveyor
General says in part:
An alien resident is not an alien immi
grant. Under. our alien immigration acts
It has been held that an alien who has re
sided in this country without becoming
naturalized and who departs with the in
tention of returning is not to be deemed
an immigrant .upon his return, although
he was an alien immigrant when he first
entered the country.
Applying this wholesome doctrine to the
cases submitted, the Chinese who, under
the former government of the Hawaiian
Islands, became domiciled in the Islands,
acquired certain rights, among which was
the right to leave the islands for a tem
porary purpose and return. It is not to
be presumed that Congress, which recog
nizes the right of such Chinese to be and
remain in the Islands, intended to inter
fere with the Incidental right of return
ing to the islands after a temporary ab
sence. Chinese laborers have been for
years absolutely prohibited from coming
into the United States; yet all the time
we have permitted and now permit the
Chinese laborers lawfully within the
United States to leave this country for a
temporary purpose and return.
Accordingly, in view of the manifest in
justice of interfering with a right Inci
dental to lawful residence in the islands,
the words "no further immigration"
should be construed bo as to apply only
to actual additional immigration into the
islands, namely, the coming of Chinese
into the islands for the first time after
annexation, and not to the return to the
islands of Chinese who have a lawful
residence there and are simply exercising
the recognized right of returning, after a
temporary absence, to their business and
their homes.
Fresno Pioneer Oone.
FRESNO. Feb. 22.— John Furguson, one
of the pioneers of the county, died sud
denly this afternoon while being brought
to .this city for medical treatment. An
inquest was held and the Jury returned
a verdict of death from natural causes.
source and character of his orders, evi
dently with a view to the bearing these
developments might have upon the wit
ness' analysis and report upon beef.
Dr. Daly said he remained In Porto
Rico five or six days after General Miles
departed, being ordered to supervise the
preparation of the transport Panama for
bringing: convalescents north In a man
ner above repoach. This was because
there had been previously considerable
complaint as to the outlining of return
ing transports. He received these orders
about August 23, and after picking up a
load of sick at various points in Porto
Rico sailed on September 5 and arrived at
Fort Monroe September 10, landing
his patients in a greatly improved condi
tion. He reported to Washington, where
he was quite 111, and was given sick leave.
The surgeon general was pleased with his
work on the Panama and wished him to
remain there. While still sick in Pitts
burg he received orders from General
Miles to go on an Inspection tour of the
new regiments in the South, who were
being fitted out for tropic service.
This was the trip on which witness be
came acquainted with the alleged "em
balmed beef." There were several officers
engaged in this inspection. Dr. Daly's In
vestigation was directed, among other
things, particularly toward the food sup
ply and cooking arrangements of the regi
ments. The general object of the inspec
tion, according to the witness, was to get
the troops into the best possible condition
for active service and to render assist
ance and instruction wherever it was
needed.
Prior to leaving the stand, however. Dr.
Daly was examined in regard to the Pow
ell experiment with beef preservation at
Tampa, Colonel Davis pointing out that
it was merely experimental and that no
contractor was involved.
Dn. Daly said J. F. Weston called his
attention to a quarter of beef which was
hanging on board
ship. Weston said
It had been sixty
hours In the open
air, and that he
■was waiting to
see what would
eventuate. Dr.
Daly did not re
call anything of
Coloijpl Weston's
statement indi
cating that the beef was other than a
part of the general supply, or that it had
been treated with a chemical as an ex
periment. He noticed that flies would not
remain on the beef and that no larvae
were deposited. He thought that strange,
and that the beef would not putrefy in
the Tampa air after sixty hours' expos
ure. The witness finally cut a piece from
the beef and later cooked and ate it. Aft
er riding on horseback he became nau
seated. He did not suspect preservatives
on the beef, although his taste suggested
an experience he had with antelope some
years before while hunting. Nevertheless,
Dr. Daly said, he spoke to no one about
the matter.
The witness wanted It made plain that
Colonel Weston had said nothing about
the quarter of beef being experimental,
and he had no reason to suspect the Gov
ernment was conducting an experiment as
to the efficacy of any chemical preserva
tive.
In all of Dr. Daly's detailed recital the
question of beef was not once broached
by the >^ourt, but when the witness had
been chronologically carried through his
term of office the recorder handed him
the famous "embalmed beef report," and
asked if he recognized it. Dr. Daly said
that he did, and that it was all right ex
cept, perhaps, the date, which in the
copy was September 21. He said, to the
best of his recollection, the exact date
was October 14. The date, however, he
said, was not essential, the report being
genuine and, in the opinion of Dr. Daly,
perfectly accurate.
Colonel Davis then addressed the court
briefly, saying that it was only within
twenty-four hours that he had been able
personally to study this report of Dr.
Dafy and he found therein certain alle
gations against certain persons who had
made contracts for supplying food ma
terial to the Government. To continue
the examination of the witness on this
subject In the absence of those persons
against whom his charges were directed
would be to deprive them of rights ac
corded them by law. He therefore sug
gested that the other parties interested—
the meat contractors— should be given
reasonable notice of the proceedings and
+<$ gnf
Not Informed
Embalming
Experimental.
+« «-f
SONOMA DAY IT
CLOVERDALE FAIR
Thirty Thousand Guests
Present.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 22.— The red
letter day of the citrus fair has come
and gone and the people of Cloverdale j
are congratulating themselves on the :
success they have achieved. Thirty !
thousand people came to town, one ;
train in two sections bringing thirty |
carloads of visitors. This was "Sonoma j
Day," and it seemed as though the en- I
tire population of the county tried to
be present to participate in the festivl
ties. The weather could not have been j
Improved upon. The mercury ascended
until it reached the 85th degree and j
there was not a breath of air stirring. I
In the big pavilion the exhibits, ff%sh- ;
ened during the preceding night, af- j
forded as brilliant a spectacle as tfcey j
did on the opening day of the fair. ;
Such of the decorations as had faded
had been replaced, and when the elec
tric lights shone on the scene at night
the interior of the pavilion afforded a
spectacle that delighted the eye and
won praise from the lips of all who
entered.
There were many amusements to en
tertain the throng of visitors. In the
afternoon there was a balloon ascen
sion, which was made unusually inter
esting by the clarity of the atmosphere,
which enabled the spectators to see
distinctly every move of the daring
aeronaut, even after he had ascended
to a great height. The Santa Rosa
Glee Club gave vocal selections during
the afternoon and evening and the
Cloverdale Band repeated the concerts
j that have been such a delightful fea
ture of the citrus fair.
As this was the last day of the fair
all the business houses were closed, and
the citizens of Cloverdale Joined with
the thousands of visitors in seeking
recreation and pleasure. The fair closed
this evening with a ball under the
auspices of the Cloverdale Band.
Burglar on a Bicycle.
SANTA ANA, Feb. 22.— A man giving \
the name of Seabrook, riding a bicycle,
was arrested In Tustln last night by lo
cal officers on an order of Chief Glass of
Los Angeles describing wheel and rider.
Seabrook is wanted for burglary in Ven
tura, where he and another man, now I
under arrest in Los Angeles, operated re- !
cently, Some stolen goods besides the j
wheel were found with Seabrook here. A j
Los Angeles detective came for Seabrook
this morning.
that the witness be excused, subject to
recall, when the examination could be
continued with the other Interested par
ties present.
Lieutenant Cole of the Sixth Cavalry,
who was aboard the Rio Grande, which
carried General Sumner's headquarters
and the four experimental quarters of
beef to Cuba, was. much clearer in his
recollection of the beef quarters than
Captain Beckman. It was, he said, from
"some firm of meat packers," and was
sent expressly for experimental use by
the soldiers, with the knowledge that it
was chemically prepared. The beef lasted
only three days, after which it decayed
ancf was thrown overboard. Some of It
was cooked before it spoiled. Witness
saw the piece cooked, but did not eat
it. It looked well, and the men who
tasted it said it was all right.
Lieutenant Colonel H. H. Humphreys,
Twenty-second Infantry, said canned
roast beef was issued to his command in
small quantities prior to the surrender of
Santiago, but he hivd heard then no com
plaints about It. When refrigerated beef
was furnished it was at first satisfactory,
but it spoiled in large quantities, and the
men finally ceased to care for It. The
canned roast beef was then used in a stew,
but the men would not eat it. Witness did
not know why. He attempted to eat the
beef from the can. It did not taste right.
It gagged him. He gave It up.
Brigadier General J. G. Kent, who com
manded a division in the Santiago cam
paign, said complaints of the canned roast
beef came from the men It seemingly
nauseated them, but he took no action,
considering these complaints unavoidable
incidents of the campaign. He understood
much of the refrigerated beef spoiled en
route from the docks to the troops, be
cause of the delay Incident to transport
ing it. General Kent, replying to Gen
eral Davis, said beef on the hoof would
have been preferable to refrigerated
beef, but he doubted very much the prac
ticability of the live cattle supply about
Santiago.
Colonel Charles M. Woodruff, assistant
commissary general and United States
army purchasing
I and depot
llssary at
■nors Island,
York, who
jromlnent in
supply pur
s, testified
he bought a
of $2,256,000
worth of supplies
In the first six
months of the war. He bought between
SOO.OOO and 900,000 pounds of canned roast
beef at a cost ranging from ll 1 /^ cents to
14 cents per pound, according to the size
of cans. Principal dealers would bid
monthly on it, and when he received or
ders to ship canned beef he would sample
the beef In the market, accept and order
it at his discretion. All contracts con
tained clauses providing that contractors
should replace any beef that proved un
fit for use. Each box contained a certifi
cate of inspection and approval from an
official of the Agricultural Department
approving 1 the cattle on hoof and after
slaughter. Most of the beef was shipped
to Tampa. The entire supply In New York
and the entire country, together with
350,000 pounds brought from Europe,
where it had been shipped, was exhaust
ed, and the factories, Colonel Woodruff
understood, were running night and day
to meet the extraordinary demand. Re
plying to Colonel Davis" query. Colonel
Woodruff said he had been familiar with
all campaigns in the past twenty-five
years and never had. beef on the hoof
been used as the fresh meat supply. This
was brought out in response to General
Miles' statement to the contrary. Colonel
Woodruff declared that fresh beef was
secured from contractors, and refriger
ated beef is now practically universally
used. The beef brought back from Eu
rope had been shipped for use in the
French and English armies.
Captain Howell of the Seventh Infan
try said that the canned roast beef was
not palatable, but, he believed, was nu
tritious, and if cooked as a stew would
be satisfactory. The refrigerated beef was
good when not spoiled, and he had not
suspected the use of chemicals.
At the conclusion of Captain Howell's
testimony a can of roast beef that had
been with the troops at Santiago was
opened and examined by the court, being
declared by Captain Howell similar to
that issued during the campaign.
+<$ $>>
Vast Purchases
of Beef
For the Army.
4> '■'■ '- ■■ ■■'.'■■ <s>
♦<S> **
EXTRA SESSION
MAY BE AVOIDED
All Depends Upon the
Army Bill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 22.
There Is still much difference of opin- 1
ion among Congressional leaders as to (
whether circumstances will necessitate
the calling of an extra session. Among
those who called at the White House
to-day the prevailing Impression was |
that an agreement on the army reor
ganization bill would be reached and an !
extra session avoided. The opinion was
general that nothing certain could be
told before Friday or Saturday. The .
condition of legislation on the last of
this week would decide the matter.
Senator Sewell, one of the President's
callers, said:
"All depends upon the army reor
ganization bill. It is absolutely neces
sary that there shall be some legislation
on army matters, for the reason that |
we have a greater war on our hands j
than we had in Cuba. More men and
more arms are opposed to the United
States in the Philippines than in Cuba
during the war with Spain."
Representatives Hopkins and Steele
saw the President during the morning.
Mr. Hopkins said:
"I do rot think there will be an extra
session. Considerable 'bluffing* is being
; indulged in. but this-will give wa> to a
I meeting on common ground and a sat
-1 isfactory army bill probably will be
j passed."
Representative Steele's comment was:
"I think an extra session will be
• averted, and that an agreement on a
I satisfactory army bill will be reached."
Senator Gray said an extra session
I probably would be avoided. The Sena
i tor talked with the President about the
Philippine situation. The President, it
! is said, is satisfied as to the authenticity
of the Philippine circular discovered by
> General Otis, planning a midnight ris-
I ing of natives and the assassination of
the American soldiers at different
points. The President is highly pleased
with the conduct of the Philippine
I campaign by General Otis. Senator
j Gray thinks the Filipinos should be
quickly whipped and later treated with
whatever consideration they deserve.
Names Dewey and Schley.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— Mr. Lentz of
Ohio introduced in the House to-day a
bill reviving the rank of admiral and vice
admiral and naming Rear Admiral Dewey
and Rear Admiral Schley as the persons
to fill the respective positions..
CESSION OF THE
PHILIPPINES CAUSES
A CRISIS IN SPAIN
Ministers Censured for Endeav
oring to Save the Monarchy
Rather Than the Country.
MADRID, Feb. 22.— The meeting of
the bureau this evening to appoint a
committee to examine the bill for the
cession of the Philippines resulted in
only a nominal Ministerial success.
Although the Ministerial candidates
chosen were four and the opposition
candidates only three, yet on a division
the opposition will muster 92 votes, as
against 87 Ministerialists. The opposi
tion will, therefore, submit a counter
measure.
The Republican motion In favor of
summoning the constituent assembly
led to a stormy debate in the Cham
ber of Deputies. Professor Salmeron,
the Republican leader, in the course of
a violent speech, said vne Republicans
had resumed their seats in Parliament
in order to force the Government to ac
cept its responsibilities. In his opinion,
not only those governing, but the pres
ent institutions themselves, would tail
victims to the present disasters. He se
verely censured the . Ministers for en
deavoring to save the monarchy rather
than the country.
"Your colonial policy," he said, was
disastrous because you joined sword
and cassock in order to restore a feudal
theocracy with all sorts of privileges.
The Government has surrendered to the
United States Spain's whole colonial
'empire, and the peace that has been
signed is the most shameful recorded in
history." ,  ,
ProfessoT Salmeron, after being called
to order for a veiled reference to the
crown, declared that the Conservative
party was primarily responsible for the
country's disasters, since it had failed to
aDDIv in Cuba reforms voted by all par
ties "and that the present Government
must also be held responsible for mak
ing a dishonorable peace. He advocated
calling the constituent assembly, which,
he said would kill forever both Carlism
GOLFERS HAVE
A JOYFUL DAY
An Informal Opening of
New Grounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 22.— The San
Rafael Golf Club chose the anniversary
of the birth" of the father of his coun
try as a fitting occasion for the infor
mal opening of its new grounds on the
Wagner tract, about three mile's north
west of this city, and accordingly the
grounds were the Mecca to-day of San
Francisco, Oakland and local devotees
of the game.
The new clubhouse was turned over
to the club last Wednesday and the la
dies- had its Interior tastefully deco
rated for the reception. The structure
is built principally of stained redwood,
is 60 by 90 feet in dimensions, and has
a shaded veranda twenty-one feet wide
on three sides. It will be set off with
tall trees, an orchard and fiowerins:
plants. _
A. W. Foster, president of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway Com
pany, will soon establish a new station
to be called "Golf" about a half-mile
from the new clubhouse and on Satur
days and Sundays a number of buses
will be in operation between the station
and the grounds. The schedule of
games for the spring and summer sea
sons will be outlined at the next meet
ing of the board of directors.
At present nine holes only are ready
for play, but by the middle of May the
entire eighteen holes will be ready for
the exponents of the "brass ie" .show
their skill. The course will then be 6291
yards in length, the longest in America.
y To-day only a series of friendly prac
tice games were indulged in, but the
occasion was brightened by an informal
dinner served to ' about seventy-five
persons on the veranda of the club
house The formal opening will not
occur 'until after Lent. Among those
present to-day were:
Mr and Mrs. A. W. Foster, Judge W.
tJ ■ Morrow Mr. and Mrs. William Bab
cock Mr and Mrs. Curtis. Frank B. Deer
fn^ Mr and Mrs. Mark L. Gerstle, W \\
\Jfm Gerstle the Misses Maud and Ella
?hy the Misses and and Josle McCarthy.
thy Te Mlßse* Ella and Josie McCarthy.
Mr ' and Mrs. James H. Wilkins Mr. and
Mrs Hepburn Wilkins. Mrs Fechteler,
Brit Consul General Pickers gill, Mr.
and Mrs. F. S. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs.
GUbert Brown. Mr. and Mrs Bradley,
Baron yon Schroeder, Baron Alex yon
Schroeder, Henry C. Campbell. C. Klein.
GERMANY'S CAVALRY.
Rejection of the Proposal for an In
crease of Ten Squadrons.
BERLIN, Feb. 22.— The budget commit
ADVEBTISEMENTa
.#s>*<s>*<»*<£ . <»*^.*<^*<»*<s>#<®>*'S>*^*^<S>*<S>* ; ? > *'S > *'3>* < S > *<S>*« > * < S > * < ? > * < S > *'S v *'S>* < *->
■'jjesmfo- WARNINGS TO MEN
4^M|jjMfc^Smjy^Sfi^lßSlt Absent Mindsdneii, | Despondency,
j&jE&Z '^^| Dullness. Confusion of Ideas,
%sMp%r 3§H Lois of Flesh, Pain in the Back,
«gjgp/>£ ' Drowsiness After Meals, | Ner?onsness.
T^Bfe' r ?g^*^tr Y^flf?* Palpitation of the Heart, Sleeplessness,
\TVmL- iffi^BSa&i^S^ \ Blackheads. Piaples, Annoying Dreams,-
.^yifi Tp*^p^y loss of Ambition, Thoughts of SuiciiJs,
■ \ JK& " ' V^J * • Low of Vitality, Aversion to Society. '
>;^M^i ' NO PAY TILL CURED.
/^^PjHttMf v 4.'hbhsimßßSS*A Dr. Meyers & Co. have such confidence
«BKsftßßr*^aP^ ln thplr ability that they will let the pa-
-sSi»^lvlBii SSSBSS^IKrai // tienl deposit the price of a cure In any
yg%s//i X^OBbiHC:, ■ )iJK^ '.' bank or with any business house or news-
-1 w&dtAC^^- KwHr ii papor In San Francisco, to be paid to
IgHJaX. rvB^HBBHHBF'^* them when a cure is effected. Monthly
i»§ll \^ « X^pBWHJt 5 payments may be made if preferred.
Men who are weak from the effects of Nervous Debility or from any other
cause, and those who have a contracted ailment, can be made strong and
well by the renowned! specialists, DR. MEYERS & CO. These physicians
have been a success for more than IS years. They have the largest and best
equipped medical institution and the .most extensive practice in America, ■
CONSULTATION AND PRIVATE BOOK FREE.
...WRITE OR CALL... ;
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 ""^E-K^.
, TAKE ELEVATOR. ' _ •. Hoars Bto 5 daily. Evenings 7to 6. Sunday* 9to 11.
LINARES CHALLENGES
COUNT D'ALMENAS
O MADRID, Feb. 22.— General O
© Linares, who was in command of ©
O the Spanish troops at Santiago O
© at the time of the capitulation. O
© has challenged Count d'Almenaa O
O to a duel on account of the at- O
O tacks which the Count made O
© upon him in the Senate in con- O
O nection with his arraignment of O
© the conduct of the Spanish gen- ©
O erals engaged in the war in O
O Cuba. O
O O
ooooooocooooooooo
and any attempt at dictatorship. Ha
appealed to all the Liberal and Demo
cratic forces to co-operate and to "pre
vent the triumph of the Vatican and
the reactionaries."
Senor Sagasta, replying, said: vVa
lost the colonies, but we have avoided
civil war. When you were in power
greater calamities occurred. The United
States drove us to war for. which no
regime is blamable, and no regime
could save a nation weakened by two
strong colonial rebellions. I will op
pose reaction with all my force. I am
incapable of destroying the nation a
liberties. It is the Republicans alone
who endangered the liberties of the
country by breaking the law."
The result of the debate in the Cham
ber upon the motion of Senor Silvela.
leader of the Conservatives, censuring
the Government for "indifference to the
country's troubles," was the with
drawal of the resolution.
tee of the Reichstag, which yesterday re
jected the Government's proposal in tha
army bill for an increase of ten squadrons
in the cavalry, to-day rejected the pro
posal to increiise the infantry. Both re
jections were made at the instance of tn»
Centrists.
The Minister of War, General yon
Gossler, at the close of to-day's sitting
said: "It is imperative that something
should be done to arrive at an under
standing, as it is impossible to agree to
abandon for five years all prospect of
strengthening the cavalry."
Although the action of the committee
may be modified at the subsequent stages
of the army bill, these rejections are
causing no little uneasiness as to the ulti
mate fate of the measure.
STAUTOBD VARSITY BEATEN".
Firemen's Fund Baseball Team Scores
Another Victory.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 22.—
The game played on the campus this after
noon between the Fireman's Fund nine
of San Francisco and the varsity team
resulted in i. victory for the visitors, the
score being 7to 3. To-day's defeat makes
the third this season that the collegians
have suffered at the hands of the insur
ance writers. The previous contests wera
won by scores of 4 — o and s—l. The visit
ing team brought with it a large number
of enthusiastic supporters who lost no op
portunity to encourage their favorites.
The first inning did much to take the
ginger out of the varsity. By scientific
hitting the visitors gained four runs. The
same performance was repeated the
fourth time at the bat, when three men
crossed the plate. Stanford did not re
cover until the last inning. X bit by Mur
phy brought one man in and two others
made home on a bail knocked by Strohn
Into left field. Botr teams played loosa
ball.
Following is the score:
FIREMEN'S FUND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Schmeer, s. s 5 0 1 0 0 S 9
W. Hammond, c 4 2 1 0 6 0 0
Krug, p 5 2 3 0 12 1
Follansbee, 1 b 8 1 2 0 10 1 0
Webber, 2 b 5 1 4 0 3 1 0
Moskiman, 3 b 5 1 3 0 1 1 X
Butler, 1. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
J. Hammond, c. 1... 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Golds worthy, r. f 4 0 0 0 4 1 3
Totals 39 7 13 0 27 14 t
STANFORD.
AB. R- BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Lougheed. s. s 3 110 15 1
Murphy, 1. f 6 1 1 0 * 1 *
Strohn, 2 b :.. 5 0 2 0 S 4 0)
Swindells, c 5 0 1 0 4 1 0
Young. 1 b 4 0 118 10
Wright. 3 b 4 0 2 0 10 1
Crandall. c. t 4 0 0 0 2 0 9
Bentley, r. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 t
Sheerer, p 2 0 0 0 0 1 \
Carson, p 2 10 0 10 0,
Totals «8 S 8 1 27 13 1
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Firemen's Fund 4 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 O— T
Stanford 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 »-34
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Firemen's Fund, 1; Stanford, 0.
Three-base hit— Follansbee. First base on error*
—Firemen's Fund. 3: Stanford. 4. First base on
called balls— Firemen' a Fund. 3; Stanford. 1.
Left on bases— Firemen's Fund. S; Stanford, 10.
Struck out— By Krug. 4; by Sheerer, 3. Hit b/
Pitcher— J Hammond and Lougheed. Doubl*
nlavs— Krug to FoHansbee; Lougheed to Strohn
to Young 2. Passed ball-Swindells. WU<*
pitch— Krug. Time of game — 1:50. Umpires-*
C. Neal and H. Edwards.
Weds a West Pointer.
FATRBT'RY. 111.. Feb. 22.— Miss MauS
Buttrick of Stockton, Cal.. married in
this city to-day F. R- Brown of Cornell,
111., a graduate of West Point.OVER A HUNDRED LIVES
LOST WITH THE SINKING
OF THE LINER BULGARIA
Four Survivors Picked Up at Sea Hoid Out No
Hope for Those Who Were Left
Aboard the Vessel.
BALTIMORE, Feb. 22.— The British J
steamship Vittoria, Captain Wetherell,
arrived to-day from Hull via Hampton ,
Roads, with four of the crew of the
mißsing Hamburg-American liner Bul
garia. The rescued mariners are Sec
ond Mate C. Scharge, Quartermasters
Carl Ludtke and John Schulze and Sea
man William Starke. They were picked
up by the Vittoria from an open boat
from the Bulgaria three and a half
hours after they had been cast adrift
in latitude 40 north, longitude 43 west,
on February 5. They, with ihe twenty
five women and children who were
picked up by the steamship Weehawken
and landed in Ponta del Gada, Azores
Islands, a week ago, are all that have
been heard from of the crew of eighty
nine men and the forty-one passengers
which the Bulgaria had on board when
she sailed from New York for Bremen
on January 28.
Captain Wetherell said he sighted the
Bulgaria in a disabled condition at 5
a. m. on February 5, flags flying and the
Weehawken standing by and commu
nicating with her. There was a heavy
eea on and his vessel drifted away from
the disabled craft, but he again iocated
her. He saw the men aboard the crip
pled ship attempt to lower a. boat, and
just as four of them got into it It broke
loose from the steamship and drifted
away. The four men made an effort
to row back to the Bulgaria, but could
not reach her on account of the high
seas. The Vittoria was preparing to
lower a boat to go to the assistance of
those on the Bulgaria when the four
men came alongside. After consider
able difficulty they were taken aboard.
During a lull the second officer of the
Bulgaria, accompanied by six of the
crew of the Vittoria, manned the boat
just vacated and started for the sink
ing steamship. They were scarcely
away from the side of the Vittoria,
however, before another gale began,
and the brave fellows, not being able
ro reach the Bulgaria, found it impos
sible to return to the Vittoria until sev
eral hours had passed.
Captain Wetherell would not aban
don hope of being of assistance to those
on board the ill-fated vessel and re
mained in sight of her until nightfall,
when a perfect hurricane arose and
carried the waiting ship miles away.
TO ATTEND THE
FAURE FUNERAL
Loubet Will Accompany
the Procession.
Bp*ci&l Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Feb. 22.— The Solr an
nounces that M. Manau, the
Procurateur General, will sub
mit his report in the Dreyfus
affair next week. The report
will ask the Court of Cassation,
it is said, to annul the convic
tion without ordering a retrial.
If this be correct it shows that
the evidence before the court not
only proves Dreyfus innocent,
but that the crime for which he
was punished never existed, as
the French law allows the Court
of Cassation to quash a sentence
without retrial only when there
is proof that the offense alleged
was never perpetrated.
P\RIS. Feb. 22.— President Loubet
has notified M. Dupuy of his intention
to accompany the Faure funeral pro
cession from the beginning to the end
of the route, though his friends have
vainly tried to dissuade him by point
ing out the danger of a hostile mani
festation.
The League of Patriots applied for a
place in the procession, but M. Dupuy
refused the request on the ground that
the league Is a center of anti-consti
tutional agitators and has already in
sulted the President. The followers of
M. Deroulede are very angry and are
talking Of revenge.
Troops have been pouring into the
city all day for the ceremony and It is
estimated that no fewer than 100,000 are
already here. The police are ready for
any emergency. Seats along the route
are being sold at extravagant prices.
The police this morning seized in the
rity 10,000 medals bearing the head of
the Duke of Orleans and five molds for
striking them. The medals are in
prribed as follows: "I will only avenge
my country's insults. Philippe," and
"I will replace my country- in the first
rank of nations, with the help of all
true Frenchmen."
In view of possible demonstrations
to-morrow on the occasion of the fu
r.eral of the late President Faure, the
prefect of police has authorized the
seizure of all seditious emblems, the^ ar
rest of their wearers, the dispersal of
ail street gatherings and "the arrest of
anybody raising Insulting cries against
the President, members of Parliament
or other state officers.
MISSION ROCK TO BE A
GREAT COALING STATION
NETV YORK. Feb. 22.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Attorney
General Griggs has Initiated ejectment
proceedings against the California Dock
i ompany. which occupies Mission Rock
in San Francisco Bay. and which has been
"transferred tc the navy for- use as a coai
ing station by an executive order. This
will probably be made the most important
coaling station on the Pacific Coast.
SUICIDE ATTEMPTED BY
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER:
PETALUMA, Feb. 22.— Miss Hannah
Howard was this morning reprimanded
by her mother for having remained out
late last night. Thereupon she took a
dose of carbolic acid. The mother, see
ing the result of her upbraiding, rushed
out of the house and ran toward the river.
As she reached the railroad track the
*:30 train was just pulling out and she
attempted to throw herself in front of
the engine. The crowd at the depot j
rushed out and pulled her from the track.
The girl was severely burned, but will re
coyer.
" . ♦ » —
Keith's, Phelan building, . opening: milli
nery. Everybody welcome. Come all. •
In the morning the Bulgaria was not
to be seen and the Vittoria proceeded
on her Journey.
The story of the experience of the
Bulgaria, as told by Second Officer
Pcharges. is a thrilling one.
"On February 1, at about 8 p. m.,"
said he, 'a hurricane of so severe a
nature was encountered that it was
found impossible to make any headway,
and at 2 a. m. the following day we
were forced to heave to. The flying
bridges, both fore and. aft, were carried
away and seamen and passengers were
afraid to venture on deck for fear of
being swept into the sea. At about 7
a, m. the spring in the rudder, which is
used to break the strain of heavy seas,
collapsed, and soon afterward the en
tire steering gear was washed away.
The steamship then fell in the trough
and was left at the mercy of the wind
and waves.
"Sea after sea swept over us," con
tinued Scharges. "smashing in the
doora of the cabin and deckhouses,
flooding the main deck, washing in the
awning deck and creating havoc all
over the ship. To make matters worse,
100 horses that were stabled on the up
per forward deck stampeded, and in
their fright made a wild dash, tramp
ling each other to death. This state of
affairs lasted until all but twenty had
been killed or drowned in the wash of
the waves. Then the butcher of the
vessel, with a number of seamen, went
into the pen and tried to quiet the
beasts that remained. This failing, as
did also the attempt to force the fren
zied animals overboard, their throats
were cut. Before the maddened animals
were dispatched, however, the butcher
had both his legs broken and one of
the seamen was badly injured.
"Any idea that our troubles were over
was soon dispelled when it was found
that the vessel was leaking. All the
hatch coverings had been blown off and
before they could be replaced, four of
the seven holds filled and all had con
siderable water in them. The cargo next
shifted, listing the steamer heavily to
port. In addition the carcasses of the
dead horses washed aport added to the
heavy list.
"For seventy-two hours," added Mr.
Scharges. "passengers and crew
worked like slaves, throwing the cargo
overboard to lighten the ship, but it
was of little avail. Inch by Inch, foot
by foot, the ship settled, and as she
sunk deeper the waves washed with
greater force and freedom over her.
One wave carried away eight of the
NO CENSORSHIP
IN NICARAGUA
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— A "Washington special to the Herald says:
Senor Correa, Charge dAffaires of Nicaragua, will call at the State De
partment to-morrow and assure the officials that the failure of the State
and Navy Departments to receive messages from their agents in Nica
ragua is not due to any censorship established by President Zelaya.
As a matter of fact It was not until this morning that Senor Correa re
ceived from President Zelaya a dispatch, having been three days with
out communication with Managua. He thinks this shows that the tele
graph line between Managua and San Juan del Sur, where the cable
station is located, was interrupted, probably by a storm. With respect
to the failure of the Navy Department to hear from or get messages
from the Marietta, it Is pointed out that the cable station at San Juan
del Sur is connected with Greytown by means of an overland line,
which might have been cut or its operation prevented by a storm, or
perhaps by the insurgents. He called attention to the message he re
ceived from the Western Union Telegraph Company in explanation of
its failure to deliver a cablegram from him to President Zelaya, saying:
"From San Juan— Tours yesterday to President, Managua, unde
livered. Land lines interrupted."
He believes this explanation will be satisfactory to the State Depart
ment and sees no necessity for the investigation which the Detroit has
been ordered to make.
CANAL BILL HAS
AN EVEN CHANCE
May Yet Pass at This
Session.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: In its final
report to the President the Nicaraguan
Canal Commission will confirm the rec-
: ommendation made in its preliminary '
i report In favor of the adoption of the
j Lull route for the waterway. The com- I
\ mission has estimated on seven routes. !
! four of which are practically the Lull <
I route, and none fall much below the !
i estimate of $124,000,000 which the ma- j
I Jority of the commission fixed as the ,
| cost of the canal.
Conservative public men say there is ■
still an even chance for the passage rrf
the Nicaraguan canal legislation at j
; this session of Congress. The river and j
harbor bill, to which the Nicaraguan |
■ canal rider has been attached, will come I
I up In the Senate to-morrow during the ;
I morning hour. It is proposed by friends i
• of the canal to try to limit the debate I
1 and to secure favorable action. Should '
I the provision be placed in the bill there ,
! will be a strong fight made against It
j by the House conference.
With respect to diplomatic negotia
i tions regarding the canal It is stated
that the State Department has not yet
negotiated any treaty with either Nica- ;
ragua err Costa Rica. President Iglesias
of Costa Pvica will be In Washington
I after the adjournment of Congress, and !
I it is expected he and Secretary Hay will
j discuss the advisability of drawing up
a treaty providing for the construction ;
I of the canal by the United States. '
SAN JOSE SUICIDE
FINALLY IDENTIFIED
SAN JOSE. Feb. 22.— The man who com
mitted Suicide at the Park lodging-house,
corner of First and St. John streets, on
Sunday morning has been identified as
James Alexander Lovie of San Francisco.
He was a concrete contractor, well known
throughout the State, having done a great
d&al of work in San Francisco and Los
Angeles. He was a brother of Postmaster
Lovie of Redwood City, and it was the
latter who identified the remains to-day.
Lovie was 38 years of age and unmar
ried. He was well-to-do and his relatives
can give no reason for his self-destruc
tion. A couple of years ago Lovie fell
down an elevator shaft in San Francisco
and injured his head. Since then he was
nighty at tim«» and It is thought that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1899.
lifeboats from the low-lying port side,
and with these went much of the hoDe
from the hearts of the passengers and
crew.
"At 4 o'clock on the morning of the
sth the order was given to call all
hands on deck to prepare to take to the
small boats. The water had flooied the
engine room and four pumps could not
keep it down. It was then ud to the
grate bars, but the firemen still man
aged to keep the tires burning. Each
passenger and seaman was given a life
preserver, and the remaining boats
were got ready and provisioned. Short
ly after daylight <hree steamers (the
Weehawken. Vittoria and Koordlstan).
one after the ohter. hove into Bight.
The "Weehawken was the first to b«: of
service, as she sent two. boats in which
the twenty-rfve women and children
were placed. These were landed safely
on the Weehawken. but after that the
storm increased in violence. On-i of our
boats was smashed, and it became al
most impossible to lower another on
account of the vessel being so far down
on the port side and correspondingly
high on the starboard, where the re
maining boats were made fast. An
other attempt was made and one was
successfully got into the sea. I and
the three men who were saved with me
Jumped into her to take the oars, when
by some unfortunate accident we were
cut loose. The men on the vessel were
seen after that to try repeatedly to
lower another boat, but without suc
cess."
The second officer said that the con
duct of the crew and passengers was
excellent. The women were especially
brave. He thinks there is little likeli
hood that the Bulgaria weathered the
storm that night, as she was sinking
when he left her.
The Koordistan. the third vessel that
saw the distress of the Bulgaria with
out being able to be of assistance be
cause of the tempestuous seas, arrived
in Bremen on the 19th inst. and reported
that the Bulgaria had foundered. Sec
ond Officer Scharges is reasonably posi
tive that none were rescued from the
111-fated vessel after he left her, and it
is feared that 101 persons went down
with her.
The Bulgaria had no accommodations
for first-class passengers and all the
passengers on board were in the steer
age. They were mostly Germans from
different parts of the United States.
She was not a regular liner and had
been in the service of the Hamburg-
American line about a year.
during one of these spells he killed him
self. He is supposed to have had plenty
of money in bank and should have had
a bank book and three certified checks
In his possession, but he probably sent
these to another brother.
Thrown From His Wagon.
WOODLAND. Feb. 22.— William Vick
roy, a farmer, who lives near Cacheville,
met a serious accident last evening. While
on his way home from Woodland his team
took fright and ran away. Vickroy was
thrown from the wagon with such force
that his ribs were fractured and he was
unconscious for a half hour. He will re
cover.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT SHOWS THE >|
Postmaster Bell's recent recovery is clinching proof of / S// / VTmfl^BHfcSSSKraaS^B^Sßf
the power of electricity over disease. ■He writes, February - ■^^y^j^yXJE^Bl^SKnSi^&t^&SSltßi
7: "Your Belt has cured the rheumatism in my knee, and / ////^BJMWS BT flKfi^fflSSc^jf
relieved my neuralgia. It has also built up my general / //J^^*^^&WkKBBBBKmKBH&Bm
strength. To those in broken-down health I say get one '// ffiMwMm^WM&ni§Sr
of your Belts." J. G. BELL. Postmaster. S / / BbSsb^^^^^Sw
Bell. Los Angeles County. Cal. ': ■ ' 7 %¥
The agent which arrests rheumatism and other severe / nHKmmmRiF*F&BSB
maladies and restores to the sufferer his manly vigor JWfifHgßßißfflß
must be a reliable remedy. That is what my Electric Belt ■_* sSSI' S^P^LMffIB
is doing to-day. . JSSaußßHml^ml!^^^^^
The curative power of Electricity is now generally ac- * £BBSgi3aSp£y^gl
knowledged. The question is only what is the most Drac-
ticable method of using it? Between the discovery of its EBRmßasSßH*Q£sszS&x&
healing power and the right application of it to disease JBJ HHhSBhH il?i&l
there were years of inquiry and experiment.. The result' jSfjjflßraßd^lllEJalii^ft
has been a new. perfect and reliable appliance known as JB HauSlwß 9s
My Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
And where is there a Belt so skillfully made, so thor- % «tlMH|B|ggj§g|
ough in Its work, and so successful in nervous and defiant WB^^WHSb^i
ailments? If you suffer from Rheumatism, Sciatica, or . vi.«P^^PV^
any nervous or chronic ailment, lay aside all prejudice. 'ff.i'T T ~' ;
try my Belt, follow my simple instructions and It will ab- ..
solutely cure you.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, not in drug stores.
702 MARKET STREET. Corner Kearny, San Francisco. mwi inisi_ v
■','-<'■ ,_ ■:'-'■■ ' ■ ' -■■• ■■'■■ '•" ■ . ' Dr Sanden's Electric Belt is never sold In
Of nee hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Bundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. d __ stores nor by traveling agents ;? only, at
Cal., 232 West Second^ st.; Portland, Or., 233 Washington St.; Denver. C 010. ,-931 our of flea • - ...
Sixteenth st. ; Dallas. , Tex... 285 Main St.; Butte. Mont., 110- North Main st. ) ' " 1 "*-°- .■_ ___ '. _
KHALIFA MARCHES
UPON OMDURMAN
MoviQg With a Considerable Force
and the British Are Scurrying
to Head Him Off.
O LONDON, Feb. 23.— The Daily News publishes the following dis- O
O patch from Cairo: "The Khalifa is advancing upon Omdurman with O
O between 15,000 and 20,000 men. Preparations are proceeding to meet O
O A foot note to the dispatch says: "The facts are that Colonel O
O Kitchener's scouts came in touch with the Khalifa strongly intrench- O
O ed with 16.000 men, and the British officer having only a small force, O
O he found it necessary to retire on Omdurman. This retirement the O
© Khalifa regarded as a sign of weakness, and it led him to rally his O
O forces to the advance. Lord Kitchener has 9000 men at Omdurman. ' O
0000000000000000000000000000000000
AWAITING THE
POPE'S LETTER
Archbishops in America
Have No Comment.
Special PUpatch to The Call.
BALTIMORE Feb. 22.— Cardinal Gib
bons said to-day that he had not yet re
ceived the letter in which the Pope dls-
cusses "Americanism," and which has
been partly published, and added "I
expect to receive it and have it ready
for publication by Saturday next. Until
then I have no comment to make upon
the subject."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— Archbishop
Martinelli, the papal delegate, stated
to-day that no copy of the Pope's letter
on American Catholics, made public in
Rome yesterday, had been received at
the legation. Under the circumstances
the delegate would not discuss the
Pope's utterances as given in the cable
reports of the letter. These are regarded
as fragmentary and giving no adequate
scope of the letter.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— A London dis
patch to the Journal says Cardinal
Vaughan, Archbishop of Westminster,
granted an interview to the New
Journal correspondent to-day in regard
to the Pope's letter to Cardinal Gibbons
on Americanism in the church. After
expressing himself as thoroughly in
sympathy with the terms and spirit or
the Popes letter Cardinal Vaughan
"I have the utmost certainty of the
acceptance by the American Catholics
of the encyclical. I cannot conceive
why any one should be anxious or
doubtful as to the attitude of Catholics
in the United States toward the Holy
Father's encyclical. American Catholics
are heart and soul with the Pope. They
are and always have been faithful chil
dren of the church. There will not be
one hair's breadth of difference between
the teaching of Leo XIII and the con
victions or professions of Catholics in
the United States. I know them well.
They are thoroughly sound and papal
in all church matters. Whatever the
Holy Father says is right.'
AN AFFRAY BETWEEN
BOUNDARY COMMISSIONERS
LONDON, Feb. 22.— A dispatch from Rio
Janeiro, via Paris, says that an Italian
newspaper there publishes a telegram
from Amapa. asserting, as the outcome of
a violent discussion regarding the bound
ary in dispute, an affray has accurred be
tween the French and Brazilian Bound
ary Commissioners.
On January 16 the London Dally Tele
graph published a dispatch from Cayenne,
French Guiana, saying that the Franco-
Brazilian Commission engagedin settling
the frontier disputes between French Gui
ana and Brazil had been attacked by the
natives a : Couananl with serious fluting
There have been other rumors more or
less vague, of disturbances involving the
commissioners.
INSURGENT STEAMER SUNK.
MA.NAGUA'. Nicaragua. Feb. 22.—Presi
dent Zelaya has delegated Renor Pedro
Saliedo of the Foreign Office to receive
William L. Merry, United States Minis
ter to Costa Rica. Nicaragua and Salva
dor when he arrives in Corinto from
Costa Rica on Friday. United States Con
sul Donaldson, Vice Consul Wallace and
several other American citizens will greet
During an engagement on Indian River,
near Greytown, the Hondurian steamer
Tatumbla sank the San Jaclnto. a steam
er belonging to the forces of General
Reyes leader of the insurrection in the
eastern district of Nicaragua.
FATAL WRECK ON
THE UNION PACIFIC
Passenger Cars Ditched
in Wyoming.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHEYENNE. Wyo., Feb. 22.— The
east-bound passenger train No. 2 on
the Union Pacific was wrecked at 8
o'clock to-night at Weed Station, 100
miles west of Laramie, and several cars
are in the ditch. One person was killed
and seven injured. Six of the Injured
are passengers. A wrecking crew with
physicians has been sent out from
Rawlins. The sleeper, diner and tourist
chair car went into the ditch. The
names of the killed and injured are not
obtainable yet.
The accident is reported to have been
caused by a broken rail. The engine
and four cars passed over safely, but
the rear cars left the track while going
at high speed. Engineer Kellett, with
the front end of the train arrived at
Simpson Station at 11 o'clock.
Two wrecks occurred west of Lara
mie last night and this morning on the
Union Pacific, both being rear-end col
lisions of freight trains. No one was
injured, although the crew on one of
the cabooses jumped just in time to
avoid being killed, the engine crashing
through the caboose, tearing it to
pieces. This wreck occurred at Hutton
Station, thirty miles west of Laramie.
The other wreck was at Wyoming Sta
tion, sixteen miles west of Laramie, but
was not so serious.
FARMERS OF TEHAMA
HOLD AN INSTITUTE
Orchard and Field Problems Are
Discussed by University
Scientists.
RKF> BI.T'FF, Feb. 22.— The Farmers'
Institute, which is to be in session two
days, opened this morning at 10 o'clock
with a large attendance. Early in the day
farmers from al! parts of the county
came pouring into town. Chairman W. L.
Bransfnrd opened the institute with an
eloquent address of welcome, and after
music by the band ami the Lyric quartet
of Sacramento Professor Fowler of the
University of California was introduced.
The professor dwelt at length upon horti
culture, agriculture, dairying and all
phases of practical and scientific farming.
This afternoon and evening sessions
were largely attended. Professor Fowlen
delivered an address on "Our Rivals in
Wheat Culture — When, Where. How." He
was followed by Professor C. C. Swafford,
principal of the Red Bluff High School,
with a lecture on "The School and the
Farni." Professor Sweeney of Tehama
gave "The Farmer's Boy."
The night session ronsisted principally
of music and addresses by local orators,
among whom were President R. .H. Blos
soms and Hon. M. McCoy.
The Trial of Mrs. Young.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 22.— The trial of
Mrs. Augusta Young of Tiburon on a
charge of arson, which will be continued
in the Superior Court to-morrow, is ex
pected to develop testimony of a sensa
tional nature. Mrs. Young will take the
stand in her own behalf, and an attempt
will be made to prove that Matilda Lut
zone, the principal witness for the prose
cution, was actuated by motives of jeal
ousy. The trial has in reality developed
a state of affairs that may at any time
break out in an active feud.
New Revolution in Uruguay.
MONTEVIDEO. Feb. 22.— A new revolu
tionary gTOup. proceeding from Brazil,
has invaded this province. It seems to be
without Importance.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Anhcuscr-Busch's Budwciscr
J^ Pronounced by Connoisseurs
Swmf s^gSS* ' 'ThcKmgof Bottled Beers"
w^MP It holds the world's
"^^^^^^^ record for purity, quality
./JSsjlHjßrif and output. More than
i/Slr 600,000,000 bottles of
r&Jl^^^jV^-\ n ' s one brand have been
r fa the leader of the other
***—~^S > * J • famous brews of the AN-
/Xrfr*S&SU?sAj>fa "EUSER'BUSCH BREWING
vCJWCot£€/C&£/{y£ / ASS'N. "Black and Tan."
"Faust." "Michelob. *• "Anheuser Standard." "Pale Lager." "Anheuser-
Bosch Dark."
mothers, th« aged, feeble and convalescent
STEER CLEAR OF IT!
"When a laundry sends your linen
home with frayed edges and spread-
eagle button holes steer clear of it and
send your linen to an up-to-date laun-
dry, where the management knows its
business and sends your work home
every time with as beautiful and im-
maculate color, and as perfect a finish
as when first purchased. That you will
find is always done at the United States
laundry.
The United States Laundry, offics
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
— ■ —
oufefODoooooooooryooa
|w A LACE «*•
•grand nmmkm%
Z. mAn FftAisciaco. q
" Connect** by a covered paiuerwir. a
P MOO Rooms— With Bath Attached. *■
D AH Under One Mftn«je»«at. Q
D HOTS THS rUICKS: Q
Jf European Plan.fX.OO p«r day tod upward fl
ft Oanwspoodeoc* Solicited. Q
£ JOBS 0. KIftZ?A?RICZ, Xuign. q
Q.O O O C Q O O 00000000
§ vi.it DR. JORDAN'S Ore.*
ifiJL Museum of Anatomy
f¥|Bl ICSIiIA2SET3T.hit. 7:i, 3-F.^l.
a 8 M The Lar*«itof ll» ktndin the World. ;
\ $&&A DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
I ffHiCT}/ Con.ultstion free. Write for »»*t
h | f Philosophy of Marriage.
a. fi mailed rm,
"~T6 I— . ■ — — — 1 $1
PAGES if — — _^z ___ ] A YEAR
fT Enlarged to 16 Pages! JF
I Reduced to $1 a Year! I
' ! AN INNOVATION IN WESTERN JOURNALISM. %
I THE GREAT f
♦. ♦ ■
I WEEKLY 1
X* b» qtf f h B \ft. e| b A
O ' fifl ■ HJi H W S O o - w
[ CALL !
♦ ■ '" ' ■ . ' f
J ....GIVES....
I ALL THE NEWS OF THE WORLD !
2 TOGETHER WITH 2
O
i Several Pages of Fiction, |
! Stories of Every-Day Life, §
% Stories of Every- Day Life,
| Fashions and other matters. |
If ALL PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED I
| I :-:- 1 |
I 16 PAGES OF IT \
.. ! AT $1.00 A YEAR j
..' o ••- ■ -L_ ■' ■ o I
6 > ; ■ ■ mjg ; o
| Only Two Cents a Week— You Can't- |
% Afford to Miss It. There are no % .
| lottery schemes nor side fakes at- ♦
| tached to THE WEEKLY CALL. It's t
S a straight business proposition. &
♦ ■ r" • ■■-■..-■- ' £
o . ' . '- o
♦;> ■ • .vt :• • *
§ ■ 16 PAGES A WEEK %
t AT &1.00 A YEAR! *S
% • - • ; " S
| SEND FOR SAMPLE COPY !
% And See What a Great Paper You ?
o Can Get for Two Cents a Week! _ %
16 L— — ■' '- '-" ■ " /; - '• 1 $1
PAGES! ,.;, -. ;1 A YEAR
AUCTION
01"
InTestment, Residence and UnimproTed
Property
AT SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY BT.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27th. 1899
«T 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
REFEREE'S SALE.
Clara Street Investment.
No 32 Clara street, N.W. line. 300 feet N.K. et Fcjnta
itr-et • two-otcry houae of 7 rooms arranged for two fam-
ilies ; rent»2o: street accepted ; 25x70.
Choice Brick Bulldlne In Manufacturing
District.
No. lit Main street, B.W. lln . 115 feet S.E. Mission
street : two-story brick building euiuble for light mamv
factnrin*; 22:6x91:10..
Choice Western Addition Residence.
No. 559 Fell street, Sooth line, MB feet E. of Buchatiao
street: 41:3x120 to rear street : twcvrtnryj b«r-w^do«
residence of 8 rooms and bath: ' ! " finM (^,^"" l
bri.-k foundation, cement sidewalks an d both sweat*
bftumenired • stable for two homes : rent »40 per niontti
Mortgage of I*ooo at 6.4 per cent. c»n remain
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Estate of J. S. Holllday (Deceased)
1.-S E. corner of Haight and Steiner streets j thre#-
storr bnildlng on corner contains store wltn_concr«M
basement and two upper floors of 8 room, and 2 bathss
aUo 2 two-story and ba*euient bay-window houses of I
rooms and bath each; rent 1120 per month ; both streeU
T-No. : 352 Fourth street, 3 line. ■ feet W. ol
FoUom street ; store and flat of 5 rooms : rent fos : 35x80.
3 -No 1731 Market atr-et. S.E. line and adjaoent to
junction of Market and Valencia street* ; stores, flat and
cottage*: rents J9O; 35:11Kx125 feet
Western Addition Investment.
No 905 Oak street. South line, 125 feet W. of PieitH
street ; 50x137 : 6 partly improred ; rent $25 per month ;
cash above mortgage of 13000.
1: -V Mission Building Lots.
8 W. corner of 30th and Whitney streeU ; 100x150 fMt
as a whole or in 6 subdlTisions of £sxloo feet each.
Mission Home.
No 833 Elide (Cherebusco) street, S.E. line, 300 feet
N E of Courtland avenue: two story residence of 6
room* and bath; brick foundation : street sewered and
macadamized ; rent 12 ; 25x70 ; Installment mortgage of
$ 4 SO can remain. \
For further particulars, apply to
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery Street.
56
: THURSDAY FEBRUARY 23, 1899
■ JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _
':■ . .Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F
-.•■-"■-• Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2IT to 221 Stevenson Street
:;•••■ • Telephone Main 1574.
.'DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER. WEEK.
■'. ' ; ... Single Copies, 5 cents.
•;'•;.. Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
' J>AILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year ; f«- JJO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
, DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months l-o«
DAILY CALL— By Single Month °j;*'
SUNDAY CALLOne Year *~?"
WEEKLY CALL. One Year ;— I#uw
• : ' All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
. ' Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE .*» Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bulldlnft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE .■• *•**• H.u.e
V. • C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Z~T^Z~.. M«rq«ett« Banding
C. GEORGE KROGNEB6. Adverti.ini Repre«eot«th».
!ANCM OFFICES-B2T Montjjomery street, corner Clay.
Jp7n until 9:30 o'clocK- *>T M aye. street^ open untg
9^50 o'clocK. 621 McAllister street, open "0«l 9.30
0 M K ..s.on .£X open „*« .0 o'clock *» *■*•»
S "«? oSn NuoMI 9 o'c.ock. 1505 Polk street open
InTll ©:30 o-clocX. NW. corner Twenty— cond one
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clocK-
AMUSEMENT*
Columbia— "The Sign of the Cross."
'California— "Black Patti Troubadorß."
Alcazar— "The Girl I Left Behind Me."
•■ Tlvoll— "Madeline, or the Magic Kiss."
— Vaudeville.
: . Assentation Hall— "Messiah." Company. Monday ere^
Oraci Opera House-Ellis Opera Company, Monday even-
- ing. March 13.
- Chutes and Zoo-Piarika. the "Lady °* Lions.
' . Olympla - Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
'■ Central Park— The Steeplechase.
■ .'" Oakland Race Track— Races.
RUCTION SALES.
• ■• ' Hy "rank W. Butterfleld-Thia day, at 11 o'clock. Shoa
Factory, at 1550 Market street. *
' ■ By G. H. CTmbMn & Co.-Monday. February 27. at IX
; o'clock. Real Kstate, at 14 Montgomery street.
A LIAR GONE MAD.
WHOM the gods would destroy they first
make mad is a proverb that has come
down to us from the wisdom of antiquity.
instances have occurred at every stage of
world's progress to attest its truth. A sin long
persisted in becomes a mania, the mania grows to
madness, and the madness destroys the wretch who
Jias given himself to sin.
A new instance, on a low scale indeed, but not the
•Ie& striking because of its depravity, has been fur
.'iitehed of this truth in the de\elopment of James
Creehnan"s lying from a mania to a madness which
';es an utter intellectual collapse.
The Examiner of yesterday displayed in something
like circus poster type on the first page a dispatch
from Creelman declaring: "Verbal messages from
tor Hoar to the Filipinos, sent through the rebel
agents at Washington, are stirring up the natives to
continue the struggle agaii.st United States
.authority.''
.. -It is not to be supposed that any creature out of a
madhouse believes such a story. Even in the Ex
aminer olTice itself it is doubtful if there be any one
yith so strong an affinity for lying as to give it cre
denve while giving it a. grand display. Doubtless the
graph editor .-neered as he read it. and the com
positor snickered as he set it up. In any other news
tv'iper office in the country the stuff would have been
consigned to the \>, aste-basket. The editors of the
KxV-iver. however, know what their boss likes, and
the lie. which even in print seems to gibber with
.'luiyacy. went to nil the first page in display type.
. By way of adding a little gilding to the lie the Ex
..sm-i'.jef; added what purported to be a dispatch from
Washington: 'That Senator Hoar sent a message to
Filipinos specifically urging them to revolt is not
"creiif'ed. It is believed, however, that his inflam
■y. remarks made prior to the ratification of the
.treaty of peace and since have been tonveyed to the
Filipinos, who have assumed that they were intended
'io encourage them in fighting."
• ; It is safe to assert that no such dispatch was ever
sent' from Washington; that no official in Washing
ton; was ever asked if he thought Senator Hoar had
sent message- to the Filipinos: that no man of any
'■Wp'ute ever said or thought that Senator Hoar made
inflammatory speeches calculated to encourage the
Frlipinbs to attack the American forces in the
-islands.
-The whole thing from first to last, the Washington
as well as the original Creelmanism, is one
of those self-evident lies that carries its refutation in
its 'very odor. Creelman is clearly a. candidate for a
; lunatic asylum. His mania for lying has so far de
.nroyed his intellect that he has lost his cunning. His
falsehoods are now so raw that even the Examiner
Has to cook them before it can offer them for its fool
readers to swallow.
NEWS FROM MANILA.
1~7) UT for the fact that the information of Aguin
fVY- a. 1 - do's intention to inaugurate a massacre came
l-rr through official sources it would receive no
.Credence. This executive of the Filipinos has shown
■mucTi- ability and discretion. He has even made so
' strong a profession of patriotism as to excite sym
pathy.- Aside from the merits of his contentions,
many: have concluded him to be a brave man, and
same of his papers have displayed a breadth of mental
grasp most surprising when considered in connection
with his antecedents.
' . .It is true that he has been guilty of some stupidities,
a« when he sent men armed with bows to face the
fire of American guns, or when he has assumed upon
a power to intimidate this country, but, nevertheless,
to him is conceded many of the qualities of a leader.
The scheme of massacre was not carried out, and
so. .he failed to work for himself that quick and de
cisive disaster he had planned. An indiscriminate
slaughter would have brought down the hostility of
every nation represented in the islands, while Aguin
aldo -ought to have sense enough to know that among
the nations, and even among the people of the United
States, there is a strong feeling that the forces now
there, under Otis should be withdrawn as rapidly as
■/"consistent with honor and dignity. But no part of
civilisation would consent to see the Philippines left
to the mercy of a murderous rabble looting with the
sanction of the so called president.
• ' "-'Aguihaldo seems bent upon displaying such sav
agery as will turn from him all the sympathy that
might "have been his. The massacre business is out
of- date.
The.alleged plot to blow up Alger needs most of
the emphasis on the "alleged."
THE INTEREST OF THE PORTY.
THE interests of the Republican party are served
by the redemption of its promises, by keeping
faith with the people, by such deportment as to
hold to it the good will and favorable opinion of the
C^fr *ltC
No man has yet appeared to publicly maintain that
any of these things can be done by permitting the
party to be used by the Southern Pacific. Railroad as
an agency to elect Burns to the Senate.
It is a brief retrospect to the last campaign. . Can
a single one of Burns' twenty-five supporters in the
Legislature say truthfully and with confidence that
he could have been elected if he had frankly declared
Burns to be his choice for the Senate? During the
campaign, and until the ballots were cast, the people
had control of the matter. Why was not the candi
dacy of Burns announced then, when the people
could pass upon it? Compared to such an oppor
tunity for getting the judgment of the whole party,
how contemptible are the little schemes now in action
tc get members of party committees and snap mass
meetings held on private invitation to put up a pre
tense of popular expression!
Barnes frankly submitted himself to the people, as
did Bulla. and even Grant, with all the unspeakable
errors of his campaign upon him, went before the
people as an open candidate. The vote of Bulla and
Barnes, representing the free choice of members who
respect the public judgment, has been equal to that of
Burns, and. joined to the vote for other men who are
under no suspicion of corruption, the free vote of the
joint convention has far exceeded the highest vote for
Burns. It represents the calm judgment of the party,
and if the secret bargain^ and corrupt alliances' for
Burns, which represent the bad faith of the railroad,
shall finally succeed, this vote which now represents
the party's judgment will next year be found to rep
resent the public judgment against the party. Every
where, on trains, in business houses, and all places
where the people meet, every day Republicans are
heard to declare that they would not have voted the
party ticket had they known of this Burns conspiracy,
and that they will not vote it again if that conspiracy
succeed.
GENESIS OF "CINCH" BILLS.
CIXCH bills may properly be designated as
the invention of legislative devils. They are
introduced, not for the purpose of being
enacted into laws, but to alarm the corporations
against which they are directed and to make busi
ness for a corrupt and reckless lobby. Every Legis
lature is afflicted with large numbers of them. Some
"cinch" bills are popular, having for their object the
reformation of acknowledged evils or the correction
of acknowledged abuses. A "cinch" bill is effective
in producing blood just in proportion as it is reason
able and fair. When the lobby directs its attention to
something that needs reformation it is very apt to
strike a popular chord and obtain for itself the as
sistance of large numbers of well-meaning people. It
is only when things go along smoothly and there is
no cause for popular outcry that "cinch" bills be
come poor and poverty-stricken.
But there is never any intention to pass "cinch^
bills. We do not recall a single one of importance
which has ever been enacted into a law. It was said
that the Bank Commission act was originally desig
nated as a "cinch." It was aimed at Ralston and
his stock gambling fellow bankers of San Francisco.
But if it was a "cinch" and designed to bleed the
banks, it was one of those bills possessing popular
features to which we have already referred.
There being no intention on the part of the legis
lative devils to do anything more than frighten in
dividuals and corporations into providing money
with which to defeat the "cinch" bills, it is dangerous
for any sensible person to pay the slightest attention
to them. . In ninety-nine cases out of a hundred, if
"cinch" bills are let run, they will die of their own
corruption. Sometimes the newspapers help the
"cinchers" by applauding their bills as reform mea
sures, but this is always done without a proper knowl
edge of the purposes of those who introduce and ad
vocate them.
The files of the present Legislature are loaded
down with "cinch" bills. Where the corporations af
fected have not become alarmed the legislative devils
have appointed committees to investigate and report
information which is intended to work upon the- fears
of the stockholders and officers. But where a bill is
a bald "cinch" neither the newspapers nor the vic
tims should encourage it. To do so is merely to
make money for a corrupt and debased lobby.
It is difficult, however, to expose the men who con
coct "cinch" bills and further their enactment up to
a certain point. They cover, their tracks pretty ef
fectually, and at every stage of their progress loudly
proclaim their virtue and righteousness. But if no
one put up to defend "cinch" bills, we are sure in
time they would cease to be a source of profit to the
lobby or a cause for fear among their victims.
A COLIFORNIO MONOPOLY.
AS a result of the severe blizzard which has just
swept over Florida^ following so closely the
disastrous one of three years ago, it is prob
able the cultivation of oranges on a large scale in j
that State will be abandoned. It is not in California
only that this opinion is held. Our judgment may
be biased by our partiality for our own State, and by
3 natural desire to see its interests advanced, but no
such bias exists in the East, and in that section be
lief that Florida must seek other forms of industry is
Mi strong as it is here.
The New York Sun, for example, after pointing out
that the great destruction of orange groves three years :
ago led about 40 per cent of the growers to abandon !
the business, and that the recent cold wave has killed
all the orange trees in some of the most favored dis
tricts, says:
"The result of this new misfortune will be to in
crease the present tendency in Florida to substitute
other crops for oranges. Many orange-growers have
already turned their attention to other products and
have prospered. They are growing tobacco and hay,
and not a few have gone into stock-raising. More at
tention is row given to pineapples, and though the
pineries were damaged by this cold wave, the loss
will not be very great, for the plant is grown partly
under cever to protect it from the fierce Florida
sun."
The abandonment of the Floridian groves, how
ever, will not mean any lack of home-grown oranges
to supply the demand of the American market. As
the Sun says: "Of course there will now be a fresh
boom in California orange culture. The present tariff
on all citrus fruits has practically stopped orange im
portations, but even if Florida goes out of the busi
ness we may still grow all the oranges we can con
sume. California's crop last year, about 6.000,000
boxes, was larger than the world's output not many
years ago."
While the destruction of the orange groves is a
heavy loss to Florida, it will not be a permanent dis
aster. Even had no killing frosts visited her orchards
the competition ol California would have eventually j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1899.
rendered her orange cultivation unprofitable. The
frost has simply hastened the time when the
Floridians must turn their attention to other products.
PERVERSIONS BY EXPANSIONISTS.
THE speech of President McKinley at Boston,
though not official, was nevertheless carefully!
restrained, and, read in connection with his pub
lic acts and closely interpreted, would be less open to
misconstruction than the meaningless resolution on
cur policy in Asia lately adopted by the Senate of the
United States. In a popular sense, however, it may
be construed as implying views that would not stand
the test of current analysis or historical criticism.
The expansion newspapers — at least some of them —
read it as embracing three propositions — First, that
the United States was providentially drawn into rela
tions with the Philippines; second, that it thus con
tracted an obligation to become the liberator or
rescuer of the Filipinos; and, third, that tor these
reasons- it is now a plain duty to subdue their rebel
tion against the supposed authority we have bought
from Spain, and, when they are prepared to receive
ir, to compel them to accept a free government framed
at Washington.
These deductions, extracted by the expansionists
from the President's speech, are inconsistent both
with law and with fact, and, in themselves and apart
from the argument they misrepresent, would place our
country in an unenviable position before the world.
When the Maine wa« destroyed, if we had boiled
over and declared war, our logic would have been
weak, but our patriotism strong. We held our tem
per and submitted the tragedy to a commission, which
failed to bring in a judgment against Spain. The war
was begun against the protests of some public men of
indubitable patriotism, and at first did not even com
mand the hearty approval of the President himself.
Its avowed causes were the deplorable condition of
Cuba and the necessity of avoiding breaches of neu
trality. The sole expressed purpose of the war was
to drive Spain out of Cuba and enable the Cubans
to set up an independent government. The acquisi
tion of the Philippines or the conquest of any Spanish
Colony, even Porto Rico, was not within the declara
tions of our Government, expressly or by implication,
as we placed ourselves on record. Our first effort
was to destroy the naval power of Spain for the pro
tection of our own sea coast, both on the Atlantic
and Pacific. This was more than half accomplished
by following and destroying the Spanish fleet in
Manila Bay, by general consent one of the most ex
traordinary feats recorded in naval warfare. But we
did not then design — or at least acknowledge the de
sign—to capture the Philippines. True, Manila was
at our mercy, but, independently of our own senti
mental proclamations, the archipelago, without gross
inconsistency on our part, was not in a condition to
be captured. The Filipinos had long been in rebel
lion against Spain and had maintained their cause
with a success equal to that of Garcia and Gomez in
Cuba. Our objective point was Cuba, and Cuba
alone, and only Cuba for the Cubans. We were con
ducting the first war that had been projected, as we
constantly assumed, solely for humanity and without
thought of material gain. In fact, we occupied the
attitude of the Don Quixote of nations. When we
arrived in Manila we encouraged the Filipinos, who
had not invited us to become their rescuers or lib
erators, only because they produced diversions in our
favor and because the destruction of Spanish author
ity there helped us in our Atlantic campaign and
reciprocally helped the Filipinos in their home
struggle for independence. There was at that time
no evidence of any special providence driving us into
the necessity of liberating or rescuing so many of the
Filipinos as might survive after we had bombarded
them in the name of the Declaration of Independence
and the constitution of the United States. On the
contrary, they were deluded into the belief that we
meant what we said, and the entire plan of using the
extinguished title of Spain, through a purchase of
money, as a pretext for our enforced benefactions,
repeatedly declined, and as the basis of a conquered
possession, was an afterthought not only grossly in
congruous with our institutions and with our his
tory but a breach of national faith, urged on under
the false pretense of extending trade and commerce
by speculators who saw wealth abroad, by employers
who wanted cheap labor at home, by ambitious
soldiers who coveted military distinction and by
politicians who sought to allay internal discontent
and advance schemes inimical to American civiliza
tion, while the eye of the people was fixed upon
Asiatic iridescence.
It is this unwarrantable scheme into which the ex
pansionists seek to impress their President, elected by
manhood suffrage.
MOTRIMCNY AS fl CORRECTIVE.
I—*v1 — *v OUBTLESS many men have been made better
) by marrying, and thus securing the close
* —^ companionship of a good woman. Neverthe
less, a woman who essays to reform a drunkard and
profligate by becoming a wife to him is apt to repent
in sorrow. Her task is a hopeless one, and for her
to attempt to classify it as missionary work is futile.
It is simply foolishness.
Recently San Francisco has had the benefit of a
notable example, a reformer, whose work was the
rescuing of the wrecks of the slums, having reached
into the gutter and drawn therefrom a husband.
Whatever the intentions of the man may have been,
he died drunk, a death of violence. His wife could
not restrain his tendency toward evil ways, and she
ought to have known it.
Marriage, is. so honorable, an institution that to
enter into its obligations and keep the fact concealed
from the world argues that there is bad faith. This
particular marriage was of the "contract" variety,
and under the laws of California not a marriage at
all, but an idle form. If a marriage, openly con
tracted, with the sanction of the state, the church and
the family, has so~ often failed when adopted as a
curative for degenerate morals, how much more cer
tainly must it fail when the alliance ist secret and of a
character not to be. revealed lest a reproach come
upon the parties to the union?
If the woman still, have confidence in her ability
to snatch brands from the burning by the process of
wedding them, she ought at least to take them openly
and not hide her action as though the motive had
been something not pure and*lofty.
Baldwin says he will cover his corner with one
story rookeries, and there is reason to fear that he
is mean enough to do it. If he carry out the threat
the city yiil be partly to blame. The -walls should
have been condemned within twenty-four hours of
the fire, and level with the ground in forty-eight.
It is a pity that Correspondent Creelman should
have appeared as near the scene of conflict as Hong
kong. As a liar Creelman is unexcelled, and as a
mischief-maker he has few equals.
General Miles is the sort of soldier to stand by his
guns no matter if they are directed toward a lot of
influential beef butchers, with a Secretary of War dan
gerously close to range.
RANCH AND RURAL LIFE
The flavor of June butter is caused by benign bacteria which flourish
in the season equivalent to the Eastern June. In fact all flavors, good and
bad. in milk, cream and butter. 'are caused by bacteria. If the churn is left
unwashed or carelessly washed and a new churning is put in the noxious
bacteria due to uncleanness destroy the flavor and market value of the but
ter Whenever a housewife complains that she can't make good butter it
is an admission that she neglects to keep things clean.
The Woman's Tribune says that between 1880 and 1890 the egg business
increased 79 per cent. It is estimated that the value of the eggs produced
now in this country is $180,000,000 a year, or three times the output of our
cold mines. The patient housewife is responsible for most of the care and
attention which enables the little epeckled hen to earn nearly J200.000.000
annually.
A pint of linseed meal to every twenty-five hens given with their soft
food every day lp said by an expert to greatly promote laying. Green bones
are also fine egg food. There is a machine which costs $5 that shaves the
bones fit for the hen to swallow. The green bones, with some flesh adher
ing, can always be had of the town butcher, and the fresher they are cut
the' better. \
The Medical Times deprecates the use of salicylic acid in milk, which
Increases infant mortality. So it seems that our wine men are not the only
salicylic sinners.
This is not a cookery and receipe column, but in view of the excellence
of California almonds and walnuts and the ease with which they are to be
had this way to make nut biacuit will be acceptable. Two teaspoons bak
ing'powder, quart of flour, quarter cup of sugar, half cup butter, three
beaten eggs stirred into the rest when dry; add half pound nuts, ground or
chopped fine, and milk enough tp mix; roll in half-inch sheets, cut into
rounds and bake in a quick oven.
Ten thousand coach and draft horses have been contracted for, to be
furnished by farmers in lowa and Illinois for the London market, prices
ranging from $100 to $500 apiece. It would seem that the California horse
breeders should not despair.
The latest fertilizer for roses is fresh blood.
We don't know how much use is made of sugar beet pulp in this State
for cattle feed. We see it stated that at the beet factory in-Lehi, Utah,
the daily ration for 1200 cattle is 100 tons beet pulp and seven tons of hay,
but are not informed whether this is for stock cattle or feeders for beef.
Fowls like green feed. Ten geese eat as much pasture as one cow, and
200 hens will strip the* grass from an acre of ground.
The freezing of the Florida orange trees again will probably perma
nently discourage citrus orcharding in that State and throw upon Califor
nia the whole demand for .American fruit. For several years the Florida
planters have been putting out more shaddock or grape fruit than orange
orchards. The popularity of the shaddock is permanent and increasing. As
a breakfast fruit, a mouth cleanser, it has no equal. It should be taken
plain or with a little salt sprinkled on, though some prefer sugar. It grows
better and produces more abundantly in California than in Florida and is a
very long keeper and can be shipped in barrels as "rolling freight" at
cheaper rates.
A new plan in egg storage has been tried in Leith, where 50,000 Scotch,
Irish and Danish eggs were kept four months with but little loss. The
storage is cool and even in tempeiature with the eggß so packed that by
turning a crank they are turned a little every day. This keeps the yolk
in its natural position in the center of the white. Eggs are spoiled by the
yolk settling on one side and touching the shell. The Leith plan is war
ranted to keep eggs fresh for six months.
The exhibit of the State Board of Trade in the new ferry depot in Fan
Francisco is the only museum of the products and resources of California,
and every county should be represented there.
WHEN I WAS A BOY
Up in the attic where I slept
When I was a boy, a little boy,
In through the lattice the moonlight crept,
Bringing a tide of dreams that swept
Over a low, red trundle bed,
Bathing the tangled curly head,
While the moonbeams played at hide and ?eek
With the dimples on the sun-browned cheek-
When I was a boy, a little boy!
And, oh, the dreams — the dreams I dreamed
When I was a boy, a little boy!
Far the grace that through the lattice streamed
Over my folded eyelids seemed
To have the gift of prophecy
And to bring the glimpses of time to be
When manhood's clarion seemed to call-*
Ah, that was the sweetest dream of all
When I was a boy, a little boy!
I'd like to sleep where I used to sleep
When I was a boy, a little boy!
For in at the lattice the moon would peep.
Bringing her tide of dreams to sweep
The crosses and griefs of the years away
From the heart that is weary and faint to-day.
And those dreams^should grive me back again
A peace I have never known since then—
When I was a boy, a little boy! FI£LD>
STATE NOTES.
Mr. C. T. Harris of Covina advises irrigators whose orchards depend
upon water from the ditches to use plenty of water in March and April,
when the loss by evaporation is less than later in the season.
The Colusa Gazette says: "Several /armers were in town yesterday
playing pedro, and took home vegetables raised by gardeners in S,an Fran
cisco."
The Washington Press says that Warm Springs ia the principal ship,
ping point for mushrooms to the San Francisco market. The varieties are
the wild mushroom, agaricus campestris and others: They are carefully
inspected and packed in one-pound boxes. Many go from the same place to
Los Angeles, as they bear shipping long distances. California is the prin
cipal producer of edible fungi in the United States. The greatest variety
of these fungi in the world is produced in India, where the edible and
poison sorts so closely resemble each other as to bar an amateur from the
enjoyment of this delicious food. The best Indian expert is the monkey.
It is customary to submit the specimens to a monkey. He will examine
them carefully and infallibly reject the non-edible. The Indian elephant
has the same instinct, and feeds on the benign sorts, carefully rejecting
those that are toxic.
The prospect of a fine apricot crop in Vaca Valley is at this time good.
Solano County will have 3000 acres in sugar beets this year, a very de
sirable diversification in crops.
The increase in wheat acreage sown this year is 10 per cent.
The Alta Advocate says that Mr. J. T. Bearss of Dinuba protects the
fruit buds in his orchards from linnets by a spray made of four pounds
whale oil soap, four gallons hot water and a pint of kerosene, thoroughly
mixed. To use, add one quart of the mixture to four gallons of hot water
and spray the trees when the birds begin to work. It should be used hot,
about 130 degrees.
Shasta County is coming forward as an olive producer. The Alexander
ranch in Happy Valley has put on the market this year ripe queen olives
of first quality.
San Joaquin farmers checked the too rapid growth of rye by turning
stock on it. The idea is treated as a discovery. It is practiced con
stantly in England, where sheep are turned on the wheatfields. Tramp-
Ing and cropping the wheat makes It stool and increases the yield.
The Santa Paula Chronicle. Ventura County, was sold in January with
the stipulation that if 5 inches of rain fell before February 1 the price
should be increased $500. Just 4 inches fell and the seller lost $500 by an
Inch.
A subsidy of $4000 has been subscribed for a cannery at Santa Ana.
The orchards of the county farm, or almshouse of San Bernardino, have
chipped out ten carloads of oranges this season.
VIEWS OF THE INTERIOR PRESS.
A Sacramento correspondent of a San
Francisco newspaper tells exultingly of
the efforts of a Senatorial gang trying to
win a vote by taking a legislator to San
Francisco and putting him through a de
bauch there. It Is regarded as a very
smart proceeding by the correspondent,
and the editorial page of that paper has
no condemnation of such politics. Per
mit us to say that such proceedings are
Infamous and that California would' be
better without a Senator than to have
one choßen by such methods. The poli
ticians resorting to such practices are do-
Ing most to disrupt the Republican party.
Th^re are certainly a good many decent
Republicans In the Legislature and they
should get together and rebuke the
schemes of the depraved and infamous.—
Santa Rosa Republican.
THE FOLLY OF WORKS.
The press received many a hard blow at
the hands of some of the State Senators
yesterday while discussing the Works
bill. This bill is called the- anti-cartoon
bill; it also really prohibits the printing
of portraits without the consent of the
person. In the discussion Simpson— the
deserter of home camp— went all to pieces
and tried to offer some excuse for his ex
istence. , .. mM .
A number of good and substantial
speeches were made in support of the
present law and against this proposed
folly.— Berkeley World-Gazette.
IS A FALSE ALARM.
If Dan Burns were the great politician
that his few friends claim him to be he
would have tethered Senator Simpson out
in the brush rather than that the mis
representative from Pasadena should cast
a vote for him in the condition that ne
did The inability of Burns to make any
real headway in his Senatorial campaign
shows conclusively that as an astute poli
tician he is a "false alarm."— Los Angeles
Times.
LEGISLATURE AND PRESS.
Benator Morehouse. the author of the
bill making it justifiable homicide to kill
editors on sight, ha* just introduced a
supplementary bill providing that the
name of the author of every article shall
be printed with it, so that the irate seeker
after vengeance may identify his victim.
The bill Is, of course, unworkable under
newspaper conditions, as nearly every ar
ticle passes through at least two hands,
and the man who writes the article is not
the one who determines its final form.
Any practical law on the subject could
only result, as It has in France, in the
regular employment of a "responsible"
editor, who has nothing to do with what
?oes into the paper, but undertakes to de
end whatever may appear against all
comers. He is a fighting editor pure and
pimple. In Germany they have a jail edi
tor, whose business it is to "sit," which
Is the German euphemism for going to
lall whenever the paper runs afoul the
lese majeste laws.
Seriously, this anti-newspaper crusade
is worse than a mere bad joke. The leg
islative proposals that have attracted at
tention are pure freak bills, but the ten
dency to introduce and even pass them
indicates a breach between the official and
unofficial organs of public opinion that is
unfortunate. A newspaper is nothing if
it is not at once a leader and a follower of
public opinion, and a lawmaking body is
nothing except under the same conditions.
—Fresno Republican.
SIMPSON AND NOAH.
Senator Simpson of Pasadena, who,
while on a jamboree, left Bulla to vote
for Burns, is in some respects like unto
Noah, and yet unlike him. Noah, you
will remember, dearly beloved, lay drunk
and naked In his vineyard. Simpson had
the vineyard inside him. and the naked
ness which he exposed was that of his
own alleged intellect and honor.—Sacra
mento Bee.
NOT PAID FOR HONOR
And yet it is perhaps not so strange that
Simpson should transfer his allegiance
from Bulla to Burns. While he had
pledged his honor to stick to Bulla, he
had evidently not been hired to do it.
There is a wide difference in the ethics of
some Legislatures between honor and spot
cash. The men who got the ante-election
boodle stand firmly and reliably.— Los An
geles Herald.
JAIL AS A REFUGE
Newspaper men should take heart.
Works' anti-cartoon bill has no terrors
for the editors of the paper published in
the Stillwa^r (Minnesota) Penitentiary,
and there is no reason why a similar en
terprise should not be inaugurated In this
State an soon as the various imbecile
measures aimed at newspapers become
laws. — Marysvilla Appeal.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
G. G. Linen of New Tork is at the Occi
dental.
Don Ray of Gait is registered at the
Occidental.
I. M. Russell of Boston is • staying at
the Grand.
D. R. Cameron, a fruit packer of Han
ford, is at the Lick.
Attorney Raleigh Barcar of Vacavllle is
staying at the Lick.
J. K. Lannlng and O. H. Smith of Bos
ton are at the Grand.
D. F. Dinsmore and wife of San Jose
are at the California.
H. E. Garth and wife of New York are
staying at the Palace.
Attorney E. C. Farnsworth of Visalia
is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. W« C. Allen of Colorado Springs is
registered at the Grand.
W. D. Hofins, a rich business man of
Seattle, is at the Grand.
A. M. Stevenson and wife of Vacaville
are guests at the Grand.
Jchn B. Cook, a -wealthy, merchant of
St. Paul, is at the Palace.
Ex-Mayor B. U. Steinman of Sacra
mento is a guest at the Palace.
Clifton R. Penny of the Menzies Club,
West Australia, is at guest at the Palace
Dr. C. \V. Dunlop, a prominent physi
cian of New York, is staying at the Pal
ace.
G. W. May thorn of Buffalo, N. V.. who
is interested in shipbuilding, is at the
Occidental.
J. B. Peakes, proprietor of the Sea
Beach Hotel at Santa Cruz, is registered
at the Palace.
Colonel C. C. Royce, manager of Gen
eral Bidweli's ranches at Chico, Is a
guest at the California.
H. W. Miller, H. E. Haggatt and F. M.
Brown of Juneau, Alaska, are among the
arrivals registered at the Palace.
J. Y. Calahan. the general Western
agent of the Nickel Plate road, with head
quarters at Chicago, is staying at the
Occidental.
Mrs. W. F. Burrell. Miss Carotin* Flan
ders, Miss M. Louise Flanders and Miss
Clementine Lewis, all of Portland, are at
the Occidental. The party are bound for
Mexico on a pleasure trip.
Mrs. A. T. Herrmann, Mrs. T. B. Wil
liams. Miss Nell Frazer. Mrs. Hugh Mel.
Porter, Miss Hertha Page, Mrs. Vail,
Miss Vail, Mr. and Mrs. E. C Corr>ook,
Miss Lillie Cramphorn and Mi*s <l nap
man, and Messrs. F. C. Ensign and Paul
Mabury, of San Jose, are in the city.
They are members of the Ban Jose Ora
torio Society, and will assist in the ren
dition of "The Messiah" by the San Fran
cisco Oratorio Society to-morrflw even
ing. The party will remain several days
sight-seeing and visiting friends.
CALIFOENIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— Joseph L. King
and wife of San Francisco and M. Dl
pendrock of Sacramento are at the Neth
erland. William C. Bogen of San Fran
cisco is at the Holland.
■ m •
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
i WALKING WITH A LADY— P. M., City.
A gentleman walking with a lady at nipht
is the one to offer his arm. It is not con
sidered within the bounds of etiquette for
the lady to take the gentleman's arm or
her own volition.
PICTURES IX THE CALL— G. R. G.,
Oakland. Cal. The pictures which ap
peared in The Call recently, one having
under it the caption "Some One Flashed
a Sword." and the other "With a Long,
Wailing Yell." are of the class known as
half-tone from wash drawings.
A CHARTER— N. N., City. This depart
ment is at a loss to understand what the
correspondent wants to know by the fo<
lowing question: "How long does the
charter last without being broke off in
the fireman union?" If the correspondent
will be more explicit an effort will be
made to furnish the desired information.
THE CITY OF CHESTER— Mrs. W. A.
V., writing to this department, has to
say: '•Wishing to be placed right in
reference to a date. I wish to call your
attention to the answer published in the
Answers to Correspondents February 1,
as to the date of the loss of the City of
Chester. According to my record, the
birth of one of my children, I am, accord
ing to the date you publish, either wrong
in all my dates, or else your information
is at fault. The vessel was sunk either in
the fall of 1887 or the spring of 1888." This
department informs Mrs. .A. v. that
all her dates must be wrong, for the
City of Chester sank in the bay of San
Francisco on the date already published
—August 22, 1888. ,
DEBATERS— A Debater, Lodi and F.
J. C, Madera, Cal. This department has
on numerous occasions announced that
it does not "furnish points for debates"
for the reason that a debater should fur
nish his own ideas when he takes the
affirmative, or the negative side of a
question. If this department furnishes
a debater with the ideas the* debater will
not be presenting what he thinks of the
matter under debate, but what another
thinks. The proper thing to do is for a
debater to read up all he can find on both
sides of a question, and then formulate
his own ideas. This department has no
"Damphlets that it can send to the writer
on annexation and on the subject ol di
viding the State of California."
Treat your Eastern friends *to Town
sends California glace fruits; 50c lb in fire
etched boxes or Jap basnets. 627 Market.*
Special information supplied daily to
husiness houses and public men by the
Press CUppins Bureau (Allen's) 510•Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main lOtf. •
On the roof of a brewery at Maidstone,
Kent is to be seen one of the most re
markable vanes in England. It represents
an old brown jug and glass. The jug,
which is made of copper, stands three feet
oix inches in height and three feet in
diameter, and is capable of holding 108
gallons.
DPIXK A STEEPING OF MOK.I TEA BE
fore retiring at night, and see how »oundly
you will sleep and how Joyously you will
awake in the morning. It »upplies food for the
blood while you sleep, produces a clear and
beautiful complexion, cures constipation and
sick headache. At Owl Drug Co.
There is at least one real Angostura Bitters—
Dr. Siegert's— and no ' 7. other ; stomach bitters
"just as good." , Avoid : substitutes. 1 '
m ♦ «
A curious point in Swedish criminal law
Is that confession 1b necessary before a
capital sentence can be carried out. If.
however, the culprit persists in protest-
Ing his innocence in the face of overpow
ering evidence, the prison discipline is
made extremely strict and severe until
the desired confession is obtained.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
1 cream of tartar. ,
Safeguards the food
; against alum*
• Alum baking powders are the greata*
menacen to health of the present day. I
kwoih col, Him vow. iDUPED HIS WIFE
AND CREDITORS
PR DECrtMANN, Who Left Glen Ellen
Undef Sensational Circumstances.
■■ ITT TIFE, partner and creditors are mourning the disappearance of Dr. Louis
WIFE, partner creditors science natural healing and of Dr. Louis
Dechmann, professor of the science of natural healing and general a ll
' :V V rour '^ confidence man. According to the police, his deserted wife is en
•:= x deavoring to assuage her grief in this city, his partner is bewailing a
, rulnjed enterprise and financial losses at Glen Ellen, while his creditors are tell
ing; their troubles in both San Francisco and the little Sonoma County burg.
• Among the sufferers of misplaced confidence in the accomplished but guile
ful physician Is Dr. C. C O'Donnell. The former Coroner of San Francisco has
an elegant country residence, romantically located on the creek which runs
•through the town of Glen Ellen and not more than half a mile from the rail
road depot of that place. In October last he made the acquaintance of Dr.
Dechmann and of the latter's partner, William "Weigand. and was informed by
them that they desired to secure an establishment for the opening of a sani
tarium. It was not long before the alluring conversation of the suave Dech
mann induced Dr. O'Donnell to offer the partners a lease of his home place in
.Sonoma County. Without further security than the ostentatious representa
tions made by the smooth spoken professor of natural healing, a lease was ex
ecuted by which the Glen Ellen residence of Dr. O'Donnell was transferred to
the partners for a period of five years at a rental of about $100 a month. The
lessor removed the personal belongings of himself and wife, and added consid
erable new and expensive furniture suitable for the purpose to which the estab
lishment was about to be devoted. He even went so far as to throw off the
first month's rent in order to give the sanitarium promoters a fair start. This
was four months ago, and he has yet to see the color of his tenants' money.
No time was lost by the energetic Dechmann in booming his resort. Elab
orate and costly circulars were designed, printed and distributed for the purpose
of advertising "Marienbad, a sanitarium for the science of natural healing,"
with Louis Dechmann as director and physician, and William Weigand as man
■ ager. In addition to lauding in prose the skill of the director, the great me
dicinal properties of the mineral waters that abound in the locality and the
. healthfulness of the ellmate. these circulars abounded with verses, brain chil
-. dren of the gifted doctor. Nor did the business cards of the institution escape
the infliction of Dechmann rhyme. ,. Room was found on them for the following:
.'.'-,: "• '' "• '• " The light that the fair Goddess here upholds,
.. . ' • . The air caressing her soft Garments' folds, ,
'. .. . Th» food that from th? ever fruitful ground-,,
'■ .'.''. - ■ Kind Mother Nature for- her children found, . ■
". " ': .'.' And water pure, the glorious crystal flood —
• ; ••" • 'These, mankind, give thee pure and healthy blood.
■ ... * Patients soon began to patronize the institution and during Us short period
. : of existence the revenue amounted to between $700 and. sßoo. Manager Weigand
-.admits that he enjoyed the handling of $80 .of this amount. Where the balance
went Dr. Dechmann alone knows.
'■' ■' Last Friday Dechmann made his final appearance at the Glen Ellen sani
tarium. At that time he discussed elaborate plans for the future of the estab
lishment, with his partner. The next information his partner obtained from him
was contained in a letter written at Sacramento on the day following. It stated
. that Dechmann was on his way to Portland, as 'he knew of a good opening there*
that he realized the wrong he was doing his partner and promised to make all
• amends in the future.
.:-•. ■" -TKts led Weigand to start on a tour of discovery. He came to San Francis
■co and .sought out the wife of Dechmann. He learned then that the doctor had
'.'Govfn; abandoning not only his partner and creditors, but also his wife, to whom he
had -been married for fifteen years. And all apparently for the mistress of a
".house of bad repute named Mary Peltz. It was also ascertained that the
woman, who is .credited with having a considerable amount of money, purchased
■a. ticket for Europe and that she had met Dechmann on Saturday at Vallelo
Junction, whence both went East. • • vt " ie J°
■"■■"To his wife Dechmann had written a letter in which he said- "I loved you
.once, but I love you no more. Good-by forever." Dechmann is about 36 years
of age and his wife is said to be several years his senior, while the companion
Of his. flight is about 30 and prepossessing in appearance. It is stated that this
•» not the first time he has deserted his wife for the younger woman.
.'•„. ", Mrs. Dechmann when she first learned of her husband's flight sought the aid
•■ of the police In this city, but they were, they said, without power to aid her un
." iess. he were in this city. As she was left almost without means, she was unable
to. take any further action toward securing his arrest. In her anger she is
.said to have declared that she knew enough about her. runaway spouse to send
him to State's prison, and that she would do so If she got the opportunity.
" • Weigand, who claims that he rurnished all the money for the enterprise de
clares that he invested more than $1500 in fitting up the sanitarium, and in 'run
ning it since it was opened. Dr. O'Donnell yesterday compelled him to give uu
possession of the place and also the lease, but agreed to allow Weigand and his
. wife to remain there until the Ist of March.
Quite a number of creditors of the sanitarium, both at Glen Ellen and in San
Francisco, will be sufferers from the misfortune of the institution as Weitrand
asserts that he Is now without funds, and many bills remain unpaid. - •
Dechmann is said "to be highly educated, speaking seven languages but has
always, according to his own boasting, used his accomplishments to gain a live'
" lihood by his wits. He prides himself that he has made his way through the
world by "bluffing" people, as he designated the baleful art by which he be
trayed and swindled those who trusted him. "
OAKLAND WINS AT FOOTBALL.
CT-ampires Are Easily Defeated in an
Association Game.
In a so-called championship game of as
tociatlon football the Oaklands defeated
he Vampires yesterday at Freeman Park.
' soldenGate. scoring three points to their
»ppoflents' one.
. The (fame was not of a very fast order.
Tfost. of. the playing being done in the
prritory guarded by the Vampires' back*
md .goal-keeper. In the first half each
\[\ GRAPE-NUTS.
•liM^iiriimirwHFiirnrK
£ Children fatten -3
•fe* • ' //Ira little 3
•^ i /me /Illlv "g
E round white 2
% pigs 3
• fe: Whan fed on Cream and =55
I Grape-Nuts %
littiU'iUJUJUfiUiUiUiUiUR
Paste Is Frequently a . Valuable
: . Guide in Selecting: Food.
A little child's taste is often a relia-
ble .-guide to palatable and desirable
! nod,- and it is worth one's while to ob-
>fyehow the little folk take to Grape-
s' utsy the famous new food. : >
,' They cat it freely ' without addition
'* sugar; for it has the peculiar, mild
jut ••satisfying; sweet of \ frrape-suKar.
; hd th» natural taste either of child or
'hjit *i;ecogniees at once a food that
llv!H : agree with and richly nourish the
•yisf.erh. "Found at first-class grocers. '
' •■• Made, by Postum Cereal C 0. .. Lim..
iaUfe Creek. Mich- 11111
team scored one. Close to the Oaklands'
goal McCormack kicked the ball, which
hit Hunter and rebounded through the
goal. Hunter scored a goal for the Oak
landers during this half.
The other points scored during the sec
ond half were due to the skiilful playing
of Percy Morse, the Olympic athlete, who
played with the Oaklanders
The teams lined up as follows-
Oaklands. Positions. ' .Vatnolres
E. Pameroy .".Goal .'. polm
Hunter :."... Back .... ....... ..."" - Mo«aw
&:::::::::: !Kw;:::::::k«E
Ariett Halfback ........ Duc-nn
Yon Helms Halfback ........*.;: on*"
£»<*' -- Forward Williamson"
|&:::v.r:£RRJa .....McCormack
I'.rskine Forward ; White
Morse.-. Forward HumDhreya
C. Pomeroy Forward .Bird
"Keith's, this Is our day. Milliners Invi
ted. Everybody welcome. Ideas for all." •
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE CALL BICYCLE CHART.
Mechanics' Pavilion, Wednesday Evening, Fehruaru
22, 1899, Twelfth Evening of the Winter
Season of Bicycle Racing.
EVENTS.
Won By
Second.
Third.
Time.
One - mile Handicap,
Professional —
Fii>t heat Tom Barnaby (85) Iver Lawson (25) JC. S. Wells(Bs)j !:12
Second heat W. G. Furmln (<S) IE Leonart <60) C. Coulter i..">s)j 2:14 1-5
Third heat G. A. Wyman (90) iTeddy Goodman (25)... J. Chap'an (40) 2:111-5
KIXAL HEAT iE. I>>nnart (60) | Teddy Goodman (£s)...|\V. Fnrman(3s)| 2:09
Half - mile Handicap,
First heat E. F. Rusb (a) W. J. Davidson (15).... A.T.Smith (35) 1:02
• Second heat R. Robinson (ir.) H. D. Bean CHS) C. M. Smlth(s) 1:OS
Third heat A. Davidson <V>) C, Holmes («0> j 1:09"
FIXAL HEAT K. Robln»Oa i:-i |W< J. Davidson (15).... C. Holmes (60)| 1:04
Cno-mile tandem race, professional, between Hardy Downinjr and Frank Cotter of
' alifornla and Jay Eaton and Toddy (Jootiman of New York —
First h*at won by Downing and Cotter 2:01
Second heat won by Downing and Cotter I 2:10
Fifteen-mile paced match race between Harry Elkes, American mlddle-distancei
champion, and Floyd McFarland, champion of California-
Won by F. A. McFarland r |29:22
On«-mile exhibition by Henri Fournler on his "Infernal machine" I 1:51 2-5
I
■Tom Barnaby (8S) Iver Lawson (25) |C. 8. Wells(Ss)
W. G. Furmln (») IE Leonart i&o C. Coulter (B»)
;G. A. Wyman (90) [Teddy Goodman (25)... J. Chap'an (40);
iE. Leonart (60) | Teddy Goodman (£5)...|W. Fnrman(3s)|
121JU SAJN" * KAJN tJiSUU UALiIi, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1899.
McFARLAND
WINS THE BIG
CYCLING MATCH
Defeats Harry Elkes
by Many Laps.
LOWERS THE INDOOR RECORD
DOWNING AND COTTER THE
CHAMPION TANDEM TEAM.
Eddie Leonardt of Buffalo Wins the
Professional Handicap and
Ralph Robinson the
Amateur Event.
Floyd McFarland rode Harry Elkes to
a standstill in the twelfth mile of their
proposed 15-mile bicycle race at Mechan
ics' Pavilion last night. The winner de
serves all possible credit for his victory,
as he showed speed of a high class and
great gameness.
He was magnificently served by his
pacemakers. It was the East against
the West in both principals and pacers.
Of the latter the greatest praise is due
Downing and Cotter, the most perfectly
matched tandem team ever seen here.
They took the big Californian the third
mile in 1:45, in which he gained the half
lap which separated him from his wiry
antagonist, as they were started from op
posite sides of the track.
In the seventh mile the chain broke on
one of Elkes' pacing machines and he rode
a lap unaided without losing any ground.
Shortly after this McFarland gained an
other full lap on him and went on. Elkes
saw his tandem was not equal to the fast
clip that was being set, so he jumped out
and caught McFarland, taking pace from
him.
The most sensational riding was done in
the tenth mile. Elkes had his fastest
team, Eaton and Goodman, in service,
and they pulled him past McFarland.
They gained the length of the stretch on
the latter when he changed to the light
ning strikers*. Downing and Cotter. They
went out after the New Yorkers and cut
down their lead with a rush. They caught
them on a corner and presented a sensa
tional picture as the tandem swept
around at tiie rate of over thirty miles
an hour. Those in attendance cheered
until the big exposition building fairly
rang with the volume of sound.
Elkes saw it was futile to match his
pacing, which was poor, against that of
his opponent, and retired. R. P. Aylward
handled McFarland's teams in a masterly
manner.
McFarland continued on for the record.
He secured the world's indoor record for
each mile from three to fifteen. His time
by miles was: One, 2:01; two, 4:04; three,
5:49; four, 7:44; five, 9:44; six; 11:4".; seven,
13:46; eight. 15:41; nine, 17:52; ten, 19:59;
eleven. 21:06; twelve, 23:14; thirteen, 25:14;
fourteen, 27:13, and fifteen, 29:22.
The mile handicap, professional,
brought out a good field of starters, in- j
eluding many of the men who were in
the recent six-day race, and who are
willing to add to their hoard by winning
an additional purse or two if possible. ;
The winners of the three heats were Tom '
Barnaby of Boston, W. G. Furman of Los i
! Angeles and G. A. Wyman of Oakland.
I. Lawson of Chicago, E. Leonart of Buf- |
falo and Teddy Goodman of New York |
finished seconds, and these with Chap- j
man of Georgia, who finished third in the I
fastest heat, qualified for the final. In \
two laps the men were ail lined up in i
Indian file, with Chapman in the lead.
Goodman soon replaced him, and then
Leonart. The latter had lots of speed,
and fought it out with Goodman on the ;
last lap, winning by a short length, Good- '
man taking second. Furman was riding
strong, and rode into third position from
last place. The time of the race was 2:09.
Downing and Cotter, the crack Califor
nia tandem team, won their match race
with Eaton and Goodman of New York, i
in two straight heats. The first heat was !
from opposite sides of the track, and they ,
won it in 2:01. The second was run side ,
by side. Downing and Cotter had the in- j
side, and the others were unable to pass
them. The time was 2:09.
E. F. Russ, Ralph Robinson and Arthur
Davidson won the three heats of the ama- (
teur mile handicap. The others who qual
ified for ttie final heat were Walter J.
Davidson. H. D. Bean, Clay Holmes and i
A. T. Smith. Smith and Russ fell on the
third lap on the east bank, but escaped |
unhurt. Robinson was in front and won j
the race, Walter Davidson second. After j
the finish Russ and Smith protested the I
race, and held an animated conversation
with the judges about it. The official*
held that the accident did not materially
affect the result, and the decision stood.
NOTES OF THE MEET.
Before the races started Henri Fournier,
he of "Infernal machine" fame, brought
out his new motor tandem and gave it
Its first trial on a tracje. Tom Barnaby
sat on the front seat and did the steer
ing, and from the expression on his face
It was evident he did not consider his
job a sinecure. Nevertheless they flnally
got the thing going at a slow pace, grad
ually increasing It until a two-minute clip
was" attained. Fournier was anxious to
make it faster, but Barnaby cried quits.
After they have become more accustomed
to it, great speed is expected. Contrary
to the running of the "infernal machine,"
the tandem is also aided by the work of
the pedals, which tends to Increase its
speed over the single wheel.
The six-day riders are all so fully re
covered from their ride that many of
them entered the professional open event
last night. Among the starters were
Barnaby, Pierce, Fredericks, Julius,
I Nawns, Lawson, Ashinger, Turville,
[ Aaroneon (who finished second) and Stev-
I ens. This jseems to refute the argument
that the men were "dead to the world"
after- the race.
Fournier's exhibition mile on the motor
cycle was ridden in 1:51 2-5. showing that
the Frenchman is getting it down every
" The big 24-hour race for the cnampion
shlp of the world will start Saturday
evening. All the contestants in the recent
six-day race will start, and several oth
er long-distance men who are good at a
! day's continuous riding bujt not at six
I days. 4 Charles Kraft of the Bay City
I Wheelmen will be among them. Thdre
, will also be short-distance professional
i and amateur racing. Saturday evening,
i Sunday afternoon and evening "Kid" Mc-
Coy, the famous athlete, will give exhibi
tions of bag punching and boxing, in the
latter having Jack stelzner as an op
ponent.
All bufilrress men congregate for lunch at the
j Sinkand. *
THE BACHELOR
CAPTURED THE
THORNTON STAKE
Lowered the Record
of Fellowcraft.
GOES FOUR MILES IN 7:161-2
DAVID TENNY, THE FAVORITE,
SECOND.
Great Crowd at Oakland Track— Con
Dalton, Gauntlet, Peter 11, Hardly
and Formero the Other Win
ners — Favorites Downed.
Slowly but steadily the turf marks set
by the turf giants of former days are
crumbling. Between eight and ten thou
sand people saw The Bachelor capture
the Thornton stake, over four miles, at
Oakland yesteruay. and the record for the
distance of 7:19^ made by Followcraft at
Saratoga on August 20, 1874, was reduced
to 7:16%.
The Bachelor, earning 113 pounds,
sported in the colors of Ed Corirgan and
was ridden by Bullman. In the betting
he was second Choice, Pat Dunne's sturdy
horse David Tenny holding the place of
honor at odds of 7to 10. The latter looked
the class of the race, and the horsemen
bet their coin on him. Reolia was backed
from 50 to 20. and Veloz. the only other
entry, carried considerable support at
odds of 6 and 7 to 1.
The race proved easy of description, be
ing the survival of the fittest. Trained
to the hour. The Bachelor went out in
front, covering the first mile in 1:51,
trailed by Reolia, Veloz and Tenny In the
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Wednesday, Feb. 22, 1899.— Fiftieth day
of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
JAMES A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
»J\A FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
691 Con Dalton 114]
612 Kaplan -. 107
702 Gilt Edge U4j
61S Sidelong 114
642 Guatemoc 104,
612 Engea 102 1
477 Festoso 117
602 Diara 117
691 Wood Robin 102
3
1
9
g
4
6
3 1
2 IVi
6 1
7 1
5 2
1 h
9
4 M
5 2
3 1
2 4
. 4 Ml
6 2
7 4
1 ltt
8 2
5 1
9
1 h
2 2
6 1
4 %
6 1
3 4
1 3
8 3
9
1 1
2 14
3 h
4 Vi
5 1
6 2
7 4
8 6
9
Jt'lggOtl
JThorpe
N. Turner
T. McHugh...
Jones
J. Daly
W. H. Martin
Hennessy —
Houck .j^
2 5-2
8-5 1
6 10
6 13
6 13
15 150
10 40
6 10
15 150
Time— To tt itttt; to 4, :47; last "*. 1:02%; short %, 1:13. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's
b e by imp Watercress-Everglade. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
' Napian became afflicted with a feeling of ennui as the wire was neare.l. Gilt Edge
came from behind under hard urging. Engea cannot stay. Featoso is a morning glory.
Scratched— Strombolita 112.
*r * C SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, MOO.
7Io»
Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
637 Gauntlet, 3 .....1J
68! Judge Stouffer, S—II5 — II
702 Campus, 3 1'
702 Una Colorado, a— 13
704 None Such, 4 .V,
654 Doremuß. 3 •yjt
5
1
4
3
6
2
3 1
1 2
•2 4 .
i ¥k
5 2
' 6
1 2
2 h
3 1
6 4
4 ft
6
1 2
2 1
3 hi
4 3
5 10
.6
11 13
22 2 5
3 hi 3 1
44 4 6
5 20.,. 6 30
6. 6 ,
i norpe
Turner
E. Jones
1-4
12
10
7
30
10-
-1-5
25
30
8
75
20
Rutter
Dingley
H. M.trtln
Time—it 18- %, :«7V4: %. 1:024; %, 1:27%. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's eh. c. by
imr> Oavaller-Herschel. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Gauntlet once wanted to quit. Stouffer was backed for the place. Una Colorado is a
conundrum. '
t£± THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
lOt purse, $400. _" __
Horse. Age. Weight.
. Std.
V4m. Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(644) Peter 11. a. 11l 3 616 1
696 Roadrunner, a.. ....109 6 61 6 2
704 New Moon, 6 104 113 12
696 McFarlane, a 106 7 7 1 8 2
700 Joe Muscle, 5 109 9 10 6 10 _•
708 Byron Cross, 4.. ....101 8 8 4 " h
624 Earl Cochran, 6.... .106 4 2 h 2 3
679 Rapido, a....... 106 10 9% 9 4
689 Brown Prince, 4.... 101 5 3 4 3 2
696 Ko Ko, 6 ....107 2 43. 4*
696 Charlie Relf, 6 108 11 11 11
6 4
4 4
1 4
7 1
5 1
10
2 1
9 1
3 1
82
11
2 Vi
6 4
1 3
7 1
-6 4
8 2
4 4
10
3&
9
11
,l'H
2 3
3 h
4 h
5 4
6 1
72
. 8 3
9
10
11
Piggott
I. Powell
Jones
McNlchols ...
Baspinger ....
Waloh
H. Martin
Harris
Bullman
Thorpe
3 5-2
10 20
6 7
10 20
6 8
100 200
2 9-5
30 100
8 15
4 8
8 20
N. Turner
Time— l-16, :0«4; 5-16, :304;.9-16. :654; 13-16. 1:22%: mile. l:42>i; 1 1-16 miles, 1:484. Win-
ner, Boots 4 Blakeley:s b. h. by Imp. Brutus-Bunny Jean. Good start. Won first three
Plggott on the winner, saved much ground hugging the rail. Roadrunner is steadily
improving. Joe Mussle went th» overland route. Karl Cochran quit three furlongs rrom
home.
nriw FOURTH RACE— Four miles; three- year-olds and upward; the Thornton stakes;
(It* value, »8000. -
Horse. Age. Weight.
lm.
2m.
3m.
3%m. Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
60S The Bachelor, a.-..:
(701) David Tenny, 5
616 Reolla, 4 !
584 Velos. 5
1
4
2
3
1 10
4
38
2 2
1 4
3 6
2 1
4
1 m
"•8 1%
3 3
4
1 1 :
2 10
3 6
4
1 2
2 25
3 20
4
1 6
2 40
3 50
4
i
tin....
8-5
7-10
'..~i.
ugh...
Time— lm, 1:81; 2m, 3:384; 3m, 5:29; 314 m. 5:56%; 3V2m, 6:234; 3%m. 6:49; 4m, 7:164. Win-
ner, E. Corrlgan'» eh. g. by Judge Murray-Spinster. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third easily
The Bachelor was in grand condition. He was unquestionably the b*st.
Scratched— What-Er Lou 115. Buckwa 113. Ulm "6, Mtstleton 109, Sardonic 104.
van FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling;
ft 15* purse. $400.
»in FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
Index. Horse. Age.
693 Hardly, 4
705 Lost Girl. 8
696 Wheel Fortune, a..
'697) Our Climate, 8 '
700 Imperious, 4
704 Amelia Fonso, 6....:
'699) Magnus. 4
I igi purse, »4O0 I__1 ___ > _ : _
"" •.'■■' ' . - . • I Betting.
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Btd. Urn. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys.. Op. Cl.
693 Hardly. 4 ■B9 2 2 2 31 2 h •2 1 21 Ins W. H. Martin 3 8-6
705 Lost Girl. 6.. .......104 3 1 % 11 12 124 11 2n Jones 5 7
696 Wheel Fortune, a. .104 1 3% 416 4 4 3*4 36 Rutter 4 6
•697) Our Climate. 6 .107 6 6 ' 6 4 4 SI 55 42 Thorpe 4 5
700 Imperious, 4 ........102 4 5 4 S«'.. 5 h 6 6 510 H. Martin.... 4 6
704 Amelia Fonso. 6.... 104 5 4 2 2.1% 8 ,4 3 4 4 3 6. Bullman 6-7
'699) Magnus. 4 .......■■.106 » ... ... ... ... W. Narvae«..| 40 60
2
3
1
6
4
5
*
22 3 1
1 % • 11
3 'i 4 1
6 " «
5 4 ' 5«-..
4 2 2 IV4
Std.
Mm. %m.
2 h
1 2
6 '
4 H
5 h
3',i
■21
1 24
4 4
5 1
6
3 H
%m.
Str.
2 1
1 1
3 M)
5 5
6
4 3
Fin.
1 ns
2 n
3 6
4 2
5 10
6
•Left
Time^l-16, :064; 5-16, :31; 9-16, :56: 13-16, 1:21; mile, 1:404; 1 l-16m, 1:464. Winner, C.
P. Fink's eh. m. by Imp. Candlemas-Perhaps. Good start except Magnus. Won first three
Martin on the winner nearly allowed Lost Girl to make a runaway of it. The latter
made a .remarkably good showing. The Wheel finished strong. Too far for Imperious and
too fast. Amelia Fonso quit. '
»7 j Q SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs;^three-year-olds; purse, $400.'
Index. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m. •■
%m.
Str.
Fin.
... Formero 107 5 ... 2h 2 6 lh 12 IThorpe | 8 8
(647) Gualala 112 3 ... 12 12 2 4 23. [W. H. Martin 8-5 6-5
(623) Horton 112 4 ... 4h 6 3n 3 IVi IN. Turner.... 4 5
4.">4 Qllnthu* ..: 1121 1 ... 6 4h 4 4 4 1 H. Shields.... 12 10
r,92 Sam Mr-Keever 10512 ... 3 4 3h 5 2 6 6 IBullman 7-5 9-3
669 Genua 10516 ... 6 h 6 1 6 6 |Wal»h 50 200
Time— Vi, :24; 4, :48; %. 1:13%. Winner W. B. Sink Jr.'s eh. c. by ConvethT- Formosa
Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Formero proved a startling surprise. Gualala did the best she could. Horton was cut
off on back stretch, losing half a dozen lengths. Sam McjCeever has been on the oiling list.
Olinthus short.
Scratched—The Wooer 107.
5
3
4
1
2
6
2 h
1 2
4 h
6
3 4
6 h
2 6
1 S
6
4 h
3 h
5 1
1 h J
2 4
3 n
5 2*
6 •
1 2 i
2 3-. f
3 1H !
4 1
6 6 I
6|
r.
I
Martin
rner
8 8
8-5 6-5
4 5
12 10
7-5 9-3
50 200
elds....
.n
alsh
©Cleveland Bicycles.
What Is Friction?
It is somothing which does not exist in
the Burwell ball and roller bearing, con-
sequently we cannot describe it
Why Not in the Burwell Bearings?
Do you see that picture ? Don't you see instead ol the
balls rubbing against each other they turn on the roller ?
It's the combination of ball and roller ihat makes a cycle
bearing ideal. The ball and roller is a Cleveland secret and
found on Cleveland cycles only.
LEAVITT & BILL, H. A. LOZIER & CO.,
Retail Agents, Wholesalers,
809 LARKIN ST.
«0 SAN PABLO AYE.. OAKLAND. 304-306 MCALLISTER ST.
order named. Bullman then hit 1 1 up,
the two miles being covered in 3.38*4 anfl
the three miles in 5:29. In the fl rst ha/f
of the last mile "Skeets" Mart.n on the
favorite made a desperate effort to over
haul the leader, but the task proved un
availing, frr The Bachelor won pricking
his ears by six open lengths. Veloz was
all out the final mile, and was disposed _of
for third money by the Montana-bred
A floral horseshoe was placed o ,er .the
neck of the winner, and he Jogged back
to the paddock, apparently none the
worse for his long trip. Theßachei^ris
an aged gelding V Judge Murray-Spin
ster and was trained by Henr> c*er
har<iv the ex-iockev. His condition re
flected ireat credit on that young horse-
*°The bettlne ring was throneed with
.p2Sl«l2S°- ana •*e pe»cUer| were llb
rnrwer^srXfces »cgff V^|
A poor favorite was selected to win the
introductory scramble over the Futurity
course Napian. with Thorpe in the sad
dle, went to the post a n .fven money
chance, but succumbed t° the challenge
nt Con Dalton the second choice, ana
was beatSi out a length. Gilt Edge came
f Sffie.yt, r s o^«^orpe wg,
seven-furlong run following.. and at tne
wire won easily. Judge Btouffer, a2o
to 1 shot, took the place very. easily from
CamDUS Una Colorado carried a ton of
Si" to get the place, but Butter appeared
Ut Th r i y tal t ent a ia W nded hl o I S- a very bad one
to annex the mile and a sixteenth run
decided under selling conditions. Earl
Cochran, the wide eared brown gelding
wWch'haa a faculty of sneaking in at
lone odds, was unwfsely backed down to
favoritism. He ran second for some dis
tance to New Moon and then stopped to.
nothing As the stretch turn was neared
PiKKOtt began hustling Peter the Second
along, and in a drive the Brutus horse
eot up in time to down Roadrunner half
I VenSth in 1:48%. New Moon, backed
from So down to f, gathered in show hon-
At the weights Hardly, with "Combina
tion" Martin in the saddle, looked the
best of the seven starters in the second
mile and a sixteenth run. Fink's mare
was the medium of quite a plunge her
odds rapidly falling from threes to 8 to 5
She won by only a narrow margin. Lost
Girl went out at a terrihc clip and strik
ing the stretch with a good advantage
was just collared and beaten the last few
strides in 1:46%, a very fast run. TV heel
of Fortune came strong at the close, se-
CU \f?er scoring three successive victories
Gualala. the Montana ghost, met more
'than her equal in the closing six-furlong
sprint. Sent to the post a6to o favor
ite she led her field to within a furlong
from the stand. There Forrnero forged
to the front, winning handily in l.uv
The winner was at one time 15 to 1 in the
betting. _ ■'■■■. '
Track Notes.
Piggott arid Thorp divided the saddle
honors, each piloting two winners.
It was the opinion generally expressed
'■ that "Skeets" Martin did not put up one
of his . prettiest rides, on David 2 e
The result, however, could hardly have
The C Montana mare Reolia ran a. splen
did race for three miles, fane was ridden
by a green boy, who used no judgment
W The eV floVal horseshoe placed over
The floral horseshoe placed over the
neck of The Bachelor was afterward pre
sented to Mrs. J. W. Brooks, wife of the
handicapper, by Ed Corrigan. The lady,
howeveiv was not present, being confined
to her home by sickness. „ .
Trainer Bill Murray said after the
race he knew David Tenny couldn t win.
Taking In a great puff of the cool balmy
breeze until his broad chest resembled a
claret cask, Bill remarked, "Why , he
carded 'up going a mile and a quarter
how could he be expected to run ,four
miles?" Coming so late, better had the
words never been spoken. »
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:; maidens.
713 Racebud 110 1 576 Royal Tar 113
691 Florence Fink... llo ...Chispa 117
714 Guatemoc 11* 691 Odd E^es 110
713 Purniah _11J 691 Btrombolita lli
576 Fiero 115 691 Watossa 119
678 Noma 117 642 Glengaber 11j
578 Limatus 110 476 Gold Garter 112
... Prince A 118
Second Race— Three and a half furlongs;.two
year-olds.
6S»O Sardine 1171 710 Solace K2
710 Icedrop 102 703 Tar Hill ...105
710 Pldalia 105 1 ... La Amlja 102
690 Winyah 115 646 Lor el io 102
710 Senator Ache.... 102 (626} Bathos 110
626 Har. Thatcher.. los I 690 Mountebank 105
Third Race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
70-7 Mainstay 121] 669 Good Hope 101
618 Royal Pan 101 704 Recreation 114
694 Ann Page 101 701 TOny Llcalzi....lU
694 Rio Chico 10S
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; Free Handicap.
70G Abuse 124 1 580 Rubicon ;..115
707 Bonlbel TO 622 Sport McAlllsterlOS
629 Moringa 107 :(6i*s)MiSß Rowena...llß
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing: three-year-olds and upward.
(711)Gotobed 100! 654 Thyne 94
700 Merops 90 702 Schnitz 102
693 Judge "Wofford.. 87 (696)1mp. Mistral 11.109
(676)Rey del Tierra..ll4! 602 Rainier 79
701 Mistleton 107 | 699 Bonnie lone 92
Sixth Race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
673 Joe Ullman 118 6SS Ed Gartland 11.114
705 Highland 8a11. .117 682 Montallade 118
(689) Lord Marmion..ll7 685 Novia 112.
694 Montanus 1061
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Florence Fink, Odd Eyes, Race
bud.
Second Race— Sardine, Harry Thatcher.
Bathos.
Third Race— Recreation, Good Hope, Rio
Chico.
Fourth Race— Moringa, Abuse, Rubicon.
Fifth Race— Rev del Tierra. CJotobed, Rainier.
Sixth Race— Joe Vllman, Highland Ball, Ed
Gartland' ll.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN EXCELLENT COMBINATION.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well-known remedy,
Syrup of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Company, illus-
trates the value of obtaining the liquid
laxative principles of plants known to
be medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to
the taste and acceptable to the system.
It is the one perfect strengthening lax-
ative, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly, and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing Ops
are used, as they, are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Company only. In order to get its ben-
eficial effects and to avoid imitations,
please remember the full name of the
company, printed on the front of every
package.
California Fig Syrup Co.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Louisville, Ky. New York, N. Y.
For sale by all druggists. Price 50c
per bottle.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
to-night; AND DURING
1 U-nlvill 1 ENTIRE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2
Belasco and vie' National War Drama,
THE GIRL
I LEFT BEHIND ME
seats 8 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
■ San Francisco Season of '
GRAND OPERA !
The Sale of SEASON TICKETS for the Series
■ .of Twelve Performances by the • •
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
Will open MONDAY, February • 27. at Sher-
man, Clay & Co.'s. Prices, $50. $40, $30. $20,
according to location. BOXES for, the season-
Seating four, * $250: seating five, $300;
seating six, $350. Applications for boxes should
be made to Mr. Alfred Bouvier, care -Sherman,
Clay & Co. ■ Sale of seats for single perform-
ances begins Monday, March 6. Prices. $5, $4,
$3, - $2, according to i location. Orchestra floor,
drew circle and family, circle will be reserved.
Applications : from out of town . will be " filed
in order received. :.' They, must : be accompanied
by a Postofflce or Express Money Order, " pay-
able to Charles A. Ellis.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
■EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Great Bill in the .Free Theater.
.-■:. . ■ PIANKA I •
THE "LADY , OF LIONS," '~
And the PASSION PLAY.
TO-NIGHT— AMATEUR NIGHT!
Amateur Ballet !
AMATEUR PREMIERE, SECUNDAS AND
CORYPHEES! _
SEE THE LIVING OSSIFIED; MAN! \
Breathes and Talks! Almost Made of Marble!
10c, including 200 and Theater; Children,- sc.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
Life Saved by Swamp=Root
The Great Discovery That
Cures Kidney and Blad-
der Troubles.
Statistics prove that more people are
brought to the grave by diseases of the
kidneys and bladder than by any other
disease.
For many years medical science has
been trying to discover some remedy
that would positively overcome these
dangerous troubles.
But not until recently was the dis-
covery made. Doctor Kilmer, the emi-
nent physician and scientist, after
years of study and research, and after
test on test that never varied in the
grand result, announced the discovery
of Swamp-Root, which has proven
itself a most wonderful cure for all dis-
eases of the kidneys and bladder.
While Swamp-Root has proven such
a remarkable success in curing kidney
and bladder diseases, It has also proved
equally invaluable in the cure of blood
diseases, rheumatism, liver and stom-
ach troubles and in the regulation and
cure of all uric acid troubles.
Swamp-Root has been tested In so
many ways. In hospital work, in pri-
vate practice, among the helpless too
poor to purchase relief, and has proved
so successful in every case that a spe-
cial arrangement has been made by
which all readers of The Call, who have
not already tried it, may have a sam-
ple bottle sent absolutely free by mall.
Also a book telling more about Swamp-
Root and containing some of the thou-
sands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and women
who owe their good health. In fact,
their very lives, to the wonderful cura-
tive properties of Swamp-Root. Be sure
and mention the San Francisco Daily
Call when sending your address to Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton. N. Y.
This great modern discovery is for
sale at most drug stores in fifty-cent
and one dollar sizes.
AMUSEMENTS.
BUCK PATH TROUBADOURS.
BLACK PATTI - - ERNEST HOGAN
AND 30 OTHER EBONY ECSTASIES..
Friday Evening— Complimentary Benin t to L. A.
Morgenstern. New TeaUres.
NEXT MONDAY— Seats Now Ready.
NANCE O'NIEL.
T !: u "^ y :::::"•"::^;^l| L |;
Saturday Matinee. ;: • ••• <- t t\\E"
Tuesday and 5unday........... *****£?£&.
ggg^^^-;:;;"..--..oLivERjrwisT
COLUMBIA__THEATER
'-L - • EVERY EVENING— i
™«» INCLUDING SUNDAY
log >* ' wilson
■ 1 fl BARRETT'S
H GREAT
B 1 MA* DRAMA.
SI6N;OfT!IE
CROSS
Presented by William Greets London Cora-
pany. Including CHARLES DALTON.
ijiflpiflThe Famous Operatic Stars, •
J. K. MURRAY AND CLARA LANE,.
In Selections From Popular Operas.
MLLE. CRASKE, Premiere Danseuse.
BLOOM AND COOPER, Comedy Sketch
Artists. .
CONROY AND- McDONALD, .Comedians.
LANG AND KEELER, SCHRODE 8R0.5..
P C SHORTIS, CARTER DE HAVEN and
BONNIE MAIE and PROFESSOR MACART'3
DOGS and MONKEYS. . . ■
Reserved -Seats, 25 cents: Balcony. 10 cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats. 50 cents..
Next Week— COßA TANNER and other great
stars. ' V-r-Hv^ ■ -~ ::"■.'"--•'
ORPHEUM— EXTRA.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ 6CHEEL.... .....:.. Mu5ical Director
SECOND SERIES— EIGHTH CONCERT.
LAST CONCERT OF THE SEASON.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, February 23, 3:15. ,
PROGRAMME INCLUDES: ;
Overture "Tannhauser" .• ...Wagrner
Symphony No. S (Pathetique)....Tsehaikow9k>
PR1CE5..;......... 75c, $1 and $159
Seats at the Orpheum Theater.
KID McCOFS
First Appearance in California.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
SATURDAY NIGHT AND
SUNDAY AFTERNOON
AND NIGHT.
During progress of the 24 hour cycle race.
All the champion cyclists are entered. g||§||
The World Famous McCoy
. ■ ." . ,■ -• ■ ■ ■■'*. '.'-■ '"■' "'-*■
Will Rive three settos on SATURDAY NIGHT
and on SUNDAY AFTERNOON AND EVEN-
ING.
Two Star Attractions for One Admission.
ADMISSION ■■■...:...... ;........ CENTS
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mgr.
DON'T MISS . ,
The. Fantastic Comic Opera,
MADELBINE,
Or, THE MAGIC KISS.
* MIRTH v AND MELODY.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
IN ' PREPARATION. . . U
THE MYTHOLOGICAL WORK.
BELLE HBLBNB"
(BEAUTIFUL HELEN.)
" Offenbach's choicest opera.
Popular Prices .:...........*...;..... ..25c and BOa
.N. B.— A reserved -seat for the matinee. 26c
Our Telephone. Bush 9.
CONCERTS AND .RESORTS.
GREATEST NOVELTY OF THE AOeT"
THE STEEPLECHASE!
At CENTRAL PARK.
■ THOUSANDS ARE RIDING DAILY
■ Open from 1; p. m. to 11 p. . m. •
Admission 10c. including horses. ■ i
Climb the Moving ■ Stairs, Roll the Monster
Barrel. .
Lister ,to the Military Promenade "Concerts.
A N T i HT ASSOCIATION HALL &IK£*
; . "MESSIAH." Soloists— Miss Gore, \ Mrs. Car-
roll-Nicholson, . Mr. Thomas, Mr. Henley; con-
ductor, Mr. Howe; pianist, Mrs. Murdoch. ■■ Re-
served seats, 75c, 50c and 25c; Y. M. C. A. bid*.
■ '.--■-■-"' ■ ~ ■ -."■'.-■ '--■■■' ■ ■ .
78
BRAVE FIREMEN
ARE DECORATED
WITH MEDALS
Three Life - Savers
Are Rewarded.
SEQUEL TO THE BALDWIN FIRE
>, H. SHAUGHNESSY. J. COMISKY
AND F. SAVERS.
Presentation Is Made by Mayor Phe
lan and F. H. Dohrmann in Met
ropolitan Temple — Given
: , a Grand Reception.
FIREMAN'S ROLL OF HONOR.
JOHN WILLS rescued two women
from a burning: building on Fifth
street June 22, 1896.
'.'.': M. J. DOLAN rescued a man from
a burning building on Buchanan
••I street April 3. 1897.
FREDERICK SAYBRS rescued a
nian from the burning Baldwin Hotel
\ : November 23, 1898.
;■■■.;' : : - :"■• JAMBS COMISKY and P. H.
SHAUGHNESSY rescued a woman
from the Baldwin Hotel fire t>n No
vember 23, 1898.
Three bravo San Francisco firemen,
whose deeds of heroism in saving the
. . . lives' of persons menaced by the devour
• • ? n P flames of burning buildings have en
deared them to the people of this city and
•.. caused their names to be inscribed on a
"■■ r^ll of honor which will be preserved In
. tjie archives of the Fire Department as
l<jing: as the municipality continues to ex
' . Ist. to be handed down to future genera
. ti.ons for their veneration and as exam
■•.. P'? 8 '^ glorious manhood and unquestion
■-, ing and unflinching devotion to duty, were
. yesterday decorated with medals in token
•■;■. Of the honor and esteem in which- they
ere held by their fellow cltiiens. The
.. ■presentations of the glittering badges of
.. ■ ; .honor, merit and distinction, so worthily
■ ■■•bestowed, were made through the medium
>;•-*-■ of qualified representatives of the people
; • in the persons of the Mayor of the city
and the president of a great mercantile
'."■.:' body which was organized for the cx
.•'. press and laudable purpose of promoting
.'. .'■ the. welfare of the community.
Thi* ceremony took place in Metropoli
tan Temple, which was packed •to the
doors with the onmrades of the recipi
ents of the enviable distinction, together
with thousands of men and women proud
of the gallant behavior of their fellow
citizens on a mo=t trying occasion and
happy in being afforded an opportunity to
•witness the bestowal of a fitting reward. ,
The reception which the heroic trio re
ceived when they made their appearance '
on the stage in response to the summons <
of the chairman, for ■ the purpose of re- <
-.ceiving their well earned decorations and <.
• •to listen to the eloquent words of praise
; for their conduct which fell from the lips
; of the orators, was a genuine ovation, and <
the brave men who had dashed fearless
| ly through raging flames and blinding '
smoke, challenging and defying death a: i
■ «very step, in a desperate determination,
. to rescue the unfortunates apparently
1 doomed to certain destruction, were <
-abashed and confused in the presence of ,
.■• the admiring, shouting multitude. They
' shrank involuntarily from the roar«
'•of applause that burst spontane- <
;"ously from two thousand throats and.
swept through the building like the sud-^
den and irresistible blast of a tornado. <
■ The demonstration was a remarkable ex- .
hibition of the depth of feeling aroused^
• in the breasts of the spectators, but it 1
was but a simple expression of the sen-
. timents entertained by the entire com
munity, of the thousands of citizens of
'• San Francisco who for various reasons
. were unable to be present to witness in
••person the triumph of their heroes. The
• name of the late Fire Chief, Scannell,
■that grand old hero whose generous re
membrance of his former comrades
made possible the rewarding in a fitting
.•manner the life-savers in the department
.' which was his pride .and glory, was
• cheered repeatedly during the ceremonies,
:' as was Chief Sullivan, his successor and
• present efficient head of the Fire Depart
ment.
Three medals were bestowed, all in rec
ognition of the deeds of the recipients in
• caving lives. There were but two Scan
•' nell medals available, but the Merchants'.
• -Association came to the rescue with a
third in order that all • three of the fire
' men who had won extraordinary distinc
tion during the past year might be sult-
ably and similarly rewarded. .-.
;• • By order of Chief Sullivan, every mem
■'• ber of the Fire Department who could
: lie spared from duty temporarily assem
• bled in front of the City Hall at 1:30 p. m.
'• and marched to the Temple, escorted by a
•.platoon of police under the command of
• Captain Spillane and. preceded by the fa
mous police drum corps.. On arriving at
£ the Temple the firemen were marched
;: down the aisles to the seats in the center
'•' of the house, which • had been reserved
' for them and from which they could ob
tain an unobstructed view of the pro
ceedings. On the stage were seated the
' Fire Commissioners, - representatives of
the veteran firemen, Chief Sullivan,
■Mayor Phelan and President Dorhmann
of the Merchants' Association. Assistant
.Chief Doherty sat in the body of , the
■house with the firemen. >" The interior of |
■ -the Temple was tastefully and appropri
ately decorated for the occasion. - A largo
portrait of the late Chief Scannell occu
pied a prominent place at the rear of the
stage in full view of the audience, while
around it was draped the national colors
with a generous sprinkling of tern leaves.
The footlights were lined with a row of
potted palms, the American coat of arms
occupying a central position directly In
front of the speakers stand, while over
head the folds of two immense Ameri
can flags were draped in a great arch.
The spectators came, full to the neck
with enthusiasm, and they proceeded to
let off steam almost before they were
fairly seated. The appearance of Mayor
Phelan walking down the aisle to the
stage was the signal for the first out
burst and the cheering was continued at
Intervals from that time until the last
word had been said and the orchestra
gave the signal to disperse.
Promptly at 2 o'clock President Bohen
of the Fire Commissioners advanced to
the front of the stage and briefly stated
the object of the gathering. He then
called Frederick Sayers, assistant fore
man of engine No. 1, and James Comisky
of truck No. Gto the stage. Sayers res
cued A. H. Christy of Milwaukee from a
room on one of the upper floors of the
Baldwin Hotel, coming upon him just &&
he was about to end his suffering in de
spair by cutting his throat with a razor,
and carrying him to a place of safety.
Comisky, assisted by Assistant Engineer
P. H. Shaughnessy. rescued an unknown
woman from the flames which had seem
ingly cut off all hope of her escape from
the fifth floor of that hotel.
As the two men stepped upon the stage
the audience shouted and cheered until a
desire to hear what was coming next im
pelled it to desist. Mayor Phelan
was then introduced to make the presen
tation speech and dei-orate the uniforms
of the men with the valued Scannell
medals. His Honor painted in glowing
wprds the heroism of the men, and con
trasted their deeds with those which often
win laurels for the soldier on the »«eld
of battle. He said the firemen were with
out the inspiration that gave added zest
to the courage of the nation's defenders,
and without detracting from the merit of
the latter he thought the firemen were
entitled to even more praise. He drew a
startllngly vivid pictur, by way of illus
tration, of the great cold storage fire at
the World's Fair In Chicago, in which
many firemen Tost their lives, and roused
the enthusiasm of the audience to the
highest pitch by his description of the
valiant, though futile efforts of the com
rades of the doomed firemen to save them
from certain death. The cheers arose
again when the speaker spoke of the
deeds of other San KraJicisco firemen,
some of whom went to their death in
the performance or their duty. He men
tioned the names of Keller, Moholy and
Hallihan. and the firemen arose from
their seats as though propelled by springs
to cheer for their dead comrades, finally
the medals were attached to the breasts
of the two heroes, and they took the seats
reserved for them on the stage amid an
other shout of applause.
Mr. Dohrmann was then introduced to
present the Merchants' Association medal
to Assistant Engineer Shaughnessy. The
latter was also awarded a splendid re
ception as he took his place on the plat
form and stood listening to the words of
praise bestowed freely by the speaker.
Mr. Dohrmann complained that the May
or had stolen his thunder and there was
no time for him to manufacture more.
Nevertheless he succeeded in doing full
justice to his cause, if the amount of ap
plause his remarks evoked is any indica
tion. He complimented Shaughnessy not
only on his bravery but on his efficiency
and sobriety, saying Chief Sullivan had
spoken highly of him. Shaughnessy re
ceived his medal and took his seat be
side his equally fortunate comrades. The
audience wanted to hear from the men,
but President Bohen explained that they
were not accustomed to speerhmaking,
but while they could not give expression
to their feelings on this occasion they
were greatly gratified at the demonstra
tion in their honor.
The chairman then announced that the
Commissioners, with a view of preserving
the names of all firemen who won dis
tinction as life-savers, had prepared a
roll of honor of parchment, which would
last for all time. At present there were
but five names enrolled thereon, being
the names of the three men who had just
received medals and two who had earne/i
similar rewards within fhe past three
years. M. J. Dolan. who rescued J. H.
Rullfs from a burning building on Bu
chanan street on April 3. 1897. and was
awarded a medal on September 11 of the
same year, and John Wills, who saved
two lives. Bessie Wilson and Mrs. Ern
estine Silverstine, from a burning house
at 22 Fifth street on June 22. 1896, and was
awarded a medal on August -20 of that
year. The meeting then adjourned,
though many lingered to inspect the roll
of honor and ask questions about the men
•whose names were inscribed therein.
Exciting Natatorial Contests.
A large crowd visited Sutro Baths yes
terday and enjoyed some exciting swim
ming races. D. J. Miller of the Triangle
Swimming Club defeated J. A. Jackson
of the same club in their 220-yard match
OUR HOME HEROES ARE
FITTINGLY RECOGNIZED
race. Both men put forth their greatest
efforts to win and a pretty race resulted.
Miller swam the first eighty-five yards
in 1:23, a second faster than his rival, and
at the 170-yard nfark he led Jackson by
seven seconds. Miller swam the 220 yards
in 3:45, Jackson finishing five seconds
later, amid great cheering. By his vic
tory Miller gained a handsome trophy.
The 50-yard novice dash was won by W.
Mortan. with D. Adler second. The 50
--yard junior dash was won by H. Seebach,
with H. Dougherty second. J. A. Jack
son swam fifty yards under water in a
match race and won with ease.
Keith's the first milinery opening of the
season. We always lead. •
CUBAN VETERAN DEAD.
Escaped Spanish Soldiers' Bullets to
Die of Cuban Fever.
Eoly Scott Selsor, sergeant of Company
M, First Regiment of United States In
fantry, was found dead in his room yes
terday at the Golden Eagle Hotel, corner
of Broadway and Kearny street. He had
been taking quinine capsules for the grip
and had a severe attack of dysentery just
before his death. Although only in the
prime of life, being but 35 years ojd, he
wae a veteran In military experience, hav
ing served for five year* In Company H,
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1899.
Veteran Trumpeter William G. Hardy, Wrjo Led
the Procession Into the Banquet tiatt.
Eighteenth Infantry, and three and a half
years In Company B, Twenty-second In
fantry before his three years' service in
the First Infantry. His discharge found
among his papers shows that he took part
in several engagements in the Cuban cam
paign against the Spanish. He was a
member of the Gussle expedition, the first
landing of United States troops on Cuban
soil on May 10. 1898, at El Caney. July 1.
at San Juan. July 2, and at Santiago from
the Hth to the 15th of the same month.
The dead soldier arrived in this city on
February 4 of this year.
ANNUAL CELEBRATION
OF YOUNG PATRIOTS
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY FIT-
TINGLY OBSERVED.
Junior Order United American Me
chanics and Daughters of Liberty
Hold a Grand Entertain
ment and Ball.
So long as the Junior Order of
j United American Mechanics and the
I Daughters of Liberty flourish will the
'■ birthday of Washington be ob
: served. A grand patriotic entertain
i ment and ball under the auspices of the
I combined organizations was held last
I evening in Odd Fellows' Hall in honor of
i the one hundred and sixty-seventh anni
j versary of the birth of the father of his
country- The Interior of the hall was
handsomely decorated for the occasion in
national colors and potted plants and the
* likeness of the immortal President was
** seen to advantage among the festoons.
> A large attendance filled the hall and the
» programme rendered was greatly enjoyed.
y Dr. A. M. Flood, a member of the Dis
-1 trict State Council, delivered a short ad
[ dress, in which he stated the objects of
[the order. He was listened to with inter-
and at the conclusion of his remarks
Lthe following programme was rendered.
i after which dancing followed until a late
&>hour:
> Overture, orchestra: vocal solo. Miss M. de
[Chent; banjo selection, Mr. ADDleby; fancy
r dance. Little Annie Burg: vocal solo, J. F.
kEdelman; club swinging. Mlsb L. Herldron;
1 recitation. Miss Agnes McOullough.
The following committees had the affair
fin charge:
&> Reception committee— H. Puekhaber. Charles
1 Fleming, 8. Armstrong, A. Norman, J. W- Rog
f ers, O. C. Baldwin. J. Roth, A. Freese, Miss
|> E. Talford, Miss G. Deemed, Miss A. Mcln-
Styrc. Mrs. J. W. Cobby. Floor manager, W. F.
Petereon. Assistant floor manager. Miss M.
Raleigh.
Floor committee — W. E. Bouton, R. Fletcher.
H. Lowe, F. I. Brewer, G. Long, G. Millwood,
kC. F. Fancher, Miss R. Snow. Mrs. C. F.
Strong. Miss L. Cantus.
1 Committee of Arrangements— F. B. Williams
> {chairman), J. T. Pldwell (secretary), Mrs. C.
F. Strong. Miss G. Deemer, Miss 1,. Cantus.
' Miss M. Raleigh, Miss R. Snow, Mrs. Crounjse.
>Cal Ewing, 8. Armstrong, H. Mullner, G.
Flshe, H. Schmidt. R. Fletcher, E. Settlege,
•W. Cook.
> .■»■
Advances made on furniture and planoa. with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
NANCE O'NEXL UNWED.
The Popular Actress Denies Her Re
ported Marriage.
The published report that the popular
actress. Nance O'Neil. was married to
McKee Rankln Is bitterly denied by Miss
O'Nell. who ascribes the rumor to malice
on the part of an advance agent with
whom Rankln Is alleged to have had a
disagreement over accounts at Sacra
mento last Tuesday evening.
"I am a native Californlan and have
always been treated fairly by the San
Francisco press," said Miss O'Neil. "and
I am at a loss to understand why any
paper should thus misrepresent me with
out taking the trouble to find out If such
a report were true. Mr. Rankin is my
business manager and that only. We
are not married and have no Intention of
being married. This story was told sim
ply to Injure mo In my professional ca
reer, and I am thankful of the opportun
ity to refute the falsehood."
GERTRUDE
ATU,ERTON
Tells What She Thinks
.-.-.■•. of, ;■•■■■: >.:;■_.„.
THE SENATE AND , "■
WASHINGTON SOCIETY
In Next Sunday* 8 Call. ;
Y. M. I. HONORS
THE MEMORY
OF WASHINGTON
Exercises in Metro
politan Temple.
FEAST OF WORDS AND MUSIC
W. W. FOOTE DELIVERS A PA
TRIOTIC ADDRESS.
Pays a Glowing Tribute to the Father
of His Country and Urgres His
Hearers to Cultivate Pa
triotism.
Washington's birthday was appropri
ately and enthusiastically celebrated In
Metropolitan Temple last evening. The
programme arrang-ed by the board of
management of the Young Men's Insti
tute consisted principally of patriotic in-,
etrumental and vocal selections, which
were extremely well rendered by profes
sional musicians and singers.
The feature of the celebration, however,
was an address by Attorney W. W. Foote
on the subject, "Washington, the Greatest
and Noblest Character the American Na
tion Can Possibly Honor." The speaker
declared that the anniversary of Wash
ington's birth should be commemorated
by every American citizen with the deep
est sense of patriotism. It was he who
founded the republic of the United States,
and it is our duty in consideration of this
in our earnest endeavors and ambitions
to perpetuate the liberal government un
der which we now live, to honor the mem
ory of the statesman and soldier who was
more than any other man responsible for
its birth.
After paying the highest and most laud
able tribute possible to Washington, and
after diffusing in the minds of those pres
ent an enhanced enthusiasm in the cele
bration commemorative of his birth, the
speaker reviewed the Government of me
United States, dwelling parti anlarly on
both its home and foreign policy.
In discusing the growth of the nation
from its inception down to the present
time he touched upon and emphasized the
troubles and internal discords with which
the country has been afflicted and referred
to the final triumph of the stars and I
stripes over every form of tyranny and
oppression that has menaced the nag al
most from the time it was first raised !
over the land of the free and the home of
the brave down to our own generation.
The speaker referred to the recent
Spanish-American war and the annexa
tion of the Hawaiian Islands. In discuss
ing the former he spoke most eloquently |
In support of the policy pursued by the
United States Government in stamping
out and obliterating forever the tyranny,
oppression and inhumanity and cruelty of
Spanish misrule in suffering Cuba. An
nexation, he claimed, was laudable and
right if it was absolutely necessary, but ,
he condemned the policy of the nation
as unwise were it to seek aggrandizement
on any pretext. . . . .. _
In conclusion the speaker spoke of the
one great blessing which has come to the
country as the result of the war-the ob
literation of sectional feeling and the
complete disappearance of the term
"north and south." We are £ united
country, and as such are in a position to
assert our position as one of the great
nations of the earth.
WARDE ON SHAKESPEARE.
Th© Actor Lectures for the Benefit
of the Public Playground.
A large and fashionable audience assem
bled in Association Hall yesterday after
noon to hear Frederick Warde, the fa
mous tragedian, give his promised lecture
on Shakespeare. ' .
Almost from the utterance of the first
word until the sound of his voice had died
away on the last Quotation from the
works of the actor-poet Mr. W arde held
the audience spellbound. He was in love
with his subject, and so eloquently did
he paint the^ character of Shakespeare
that for the time at least none could think
other than as he thought. He first re
quested the audience to believe that all
the plays accredited to Shakespeare were
written by him. Then he described
the early days of Shakespeare In the pure
air of the English countryside, where he
grew up as the flowers, whose perfume
was ever in his nostrils. Then the boy
went to the great metropolis, and as he
mixed with the actors and saw the world
his early days came back to him, and he
wove the beautiful sentiments of his boy
hood into the wonderful dramas.
Mr. Warde then took up the chief char
acters In the plays one by one. Illustrat
ing his points with abundant quotations.
Th» lecture was under the ausptces of
the California Club, and the proceeds will
be devoted to the public playground oa
Bush street.
Stole a Dozen Hats.
George McCarthy, a boy 19 years of age,
well known to the police, was arrested
yesterday by Detective Graham and Po
liceman Meyer and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of petty larceny. Two
weeks ago he broke a showcase In front
of Raphael's store on Kearny street and
stole a dozen hats, which he sold cheap
to newsboys at Powell and Market streets.
Since then he has been In hiding:, but
was captured yesterday.
REVOLUTIONARY
TO EXPANSION
Strong Views Against
Imperialism.
PATRIOTISM AT THE BOARD
BRILLIANT BANQUET OF THE
SOCIETY AND ITS GUESTS,
John P. Irish, D. M. Delmas and
Others Plead for Recognition
of the American Con
stitution.
A seat at the banquet board of the Cali
fornia Society of the Sons of the Ameri
can Revolution last night was a glorious
place. The event. In whose commemora
tion the banquet was given, could not
have been more fittingly celebrated in
speech, song and feast, and the Sons of
the American Revolution of San Fran
cisco prepared both programme and feast
on lines which will long be remembered.
At 6 o'clock about 200 members and
guests were present at the Merchants' \
Club. The affair had been elaborately ar
ranged and every possible care taken to
present original and unique details. Trum
peter William G. Hardy, Troop B, Fourth
Cavalry, U. S. A., perhaps the last sur
vivor of the celebrated Custer massacre,
kindly consented to assist in the even
ing's entertainment. He headed the march
to the elegantly decorated dining room,
and when the long line of guests had filed
In sounded the mess call which set them
to feasting. The menu was all that could
be deslredby an epicure.
When appetites were satiated, the trum
peter sounded "The Retreat," and Presi
dent Horace Davis delivered an opening
address, the first number of a long and
Interesting programme. He spoke of the I
necessity of maintaining such societies as
the Sons of the American Revolution,
that the flame of patriotism may never
wane, and that the deeds of national pat
riots may stand as a standard of action
for all men at all times.
Commander J. C. Watson was given a
hearty ovation and detailed many Inci
dents of the past campaign. He modest
ly asked that the people not honor him
until he had accomplished something
worthy of honor, and regretted that he
was staid in his prospective visit to the
shores of Spain. He said that no coun
try was ever in better condition to in
dulge in active warfare than the United
States, and that the senior officers in
both naval and army forces who were
pronounced old fogies before they had
been tried proved more than warriors
when fighting began.
"The Battle Hymn of the Republic" was
well rendered by Rhys Thomas, after
which D. M. Delmas responded to the
first toast, "The Character of Washing
ton and Its Influence Upon the Nation."
"During the past year." he said, "events
have taken place under our own eyes so
flitting that they seemed like the views
in a phantasmagoria or a panorama of a
scenic stage. Within the past year our
lives have been crowded with startling
episodes following one another in sucn
rapid transition that they dazzled our
eyes. From the hour when the ill-fated
Maine sank beneath the waves in Havana
harbor until the hour which marked the
effacing of the last vestige of tyrannical
Spain from the face of the American con
tinent our nation has witnessed one vicis
situde after anotber. We have conquered
and have now the lives and liberties or
eight millions of human beings wrapped
up in our keeping.
"In disposing of this weighty question
let us follow the course which 'Washing
ton, whose memory we celebrate to-night,
mapped out on a chart which guided the
helmsman In his struggle for the Inde
pendence of our people— a course which
indicates the path of national honor and
demarks a national principle from an im-
PC "When Spain lay bleeding at our feet
and when the war is over, let our states
men quote the words of our forefathers,
that breathe in harsh whispers the dan
cers of foreign acquisition. Shall we take
advantage of our position? Shall the ear
of the nation be deaf to the warning
sounded a century ago? Is the Influence
of Washington to be dispelled and his
shade forgotten? Believe It net: The day
of awakening will come. The day of real
ization when reason will resume its sway.
The ashes of Washington lie at Mount
Vernon but his spirit is with us, and it
will be with us yet and forever more.'
Professor Thomas R. Bacon responded
to a toast "Loyalists of the Revolution "
He related the incidents which led up to
thl separation of America from its mother
country and to the situation which faced
the colonists when they heard the com
mand" "Choose ye this day whom ye will
a cornet solo by George Ben
nett Re" Charles R. Brown responded
to the toast. "The Ride of Paul Revere. 1
Brown was born under the brow of Bun
ker Hill and said that often the shadow
of the great monument fell across his ;
desk when he was writing. He told of
fhe War of the Revolution and in severe
! lines applied the principles born in the
I blood of our forefathers to the Present
rriiis He was stern In his denunciation
of the proposed imperialistic principle of
holding the Philippines. He was heartily
Columbia" was next rendered
hv Robert Lloyd. John P. Irish then pro
ceeded to respond to the closing toast
"The Flag of Our Country, and V -hat It
Has .Stooß For ln^ the Nineteenth Cen
tU "The flag P of our country since its stars
and stripes were unfurled to the breeze
i has stoXfor a principle which it . wm .the
i task of Washington, by his sword and by
! his achievements, to instill into the heart
.of the nation. Its lesson we should follow
in the grave problems which throw their
weight upon us for solution and let us
never depart from the sound links of
Qemocracy. In the history of the world
there is but one instance in wnicn a
greater nation freed a lesser. Let us fol
i low that example and pass over the sov
i ereignty of the Philippines, that its peo-
I pies may shape their own destiny.
Among the guests were Commodore
Watson, Colonel Compton. Lieutenant
Colonel Babcock and Captain Terry' of
the lowa. . ;___
Lady Washington Tea.
San Francisco Hive No. 8, Ladies of the
Maccabees, In celebration of Washing
ton's birthday gave a Lady Washington
tea last night in the social hall of the
Alcazar to its friends. There was a good
attendance, and under the direction of
Lady Commander Mrs. Salmond there
was presented for the entertainment of
those present a pleasing programme,
after which there was a grana march
led by E. H. Stevens of San Francisco
Tent, attired as George Washington, and
Mrs Frank Harris of the hive, as Lady
Washington. Then there was a dance,
which was followed by a tea served In
the banquet room. The hall was decor
ated with a number of pictures of the
Presidents of the early days of the re
public the one occupying the position of
honor being that of Washington.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Feb. 22— CATTLE— Fancy, $5 85®
6: choice steers, $6 35@5.75; : mediums, $4 70®
4 95; beef steers, *3 So@4 66; stockers and feed
ers, S3 50@4 65; bulls, $2 75@4 25; cows and heif
ers', •S3 30@4; "Western ; fed i steers, J4 10@5 .50;
Texas steers, $3 50@4 75; calves, 54@.7 25. - , "
' HOGS— Ruled about 5c higher. Fair to choice,
13 7003 824; packing lots. »3 NX&3 67V4; mixed,
»3 M>@3 725; butchers, »3 52^@S 77*; light. S3 30
@3 72V4: pigs, $3@3 56. :.. " • -• ■•-:■ '-'-■'■■ ■ l '-~-i-
SHEEP— active and stronger, but lambs
were weak, with rather slow. sales at S4@s, the
bulk selling at $4 75@4 85 for slaughtering
flecks and $4®4 50 for s feeders; inferior -to
prime sheep brought $2 60@4, and yearlings »4 25
Receipts— Cattle. 10,000; hogs. ■ 20,000; sheep.
13,000. . ; ■- . ■■- ■•,- ■
BOSTON WOOL ; MARKET.
BOSTON. Feb. 22.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will «ay to-morrow: The In-
Jaulry tor wool li of • i > broader, : more : general
character, although it is not a« yet reflected In
any increase in the amount of business actu
ally done. A great many samples have been
taken by intending purchasers, however, and
the latter are manifesting decidedly more In
terest In the market, so it will not be sur
prising If there should be a larger business to
report next week. The sales of the past week
aggregate over 3.500,000 pounds, however, which
may be regarded as a fair average week's
business. One feature of the situation is the
fact that smaller manufacturers, who pre
viously had not been much in evidence, have
been comparatively well represented in the
market.
The sales of the week in Boston amount to
2 776 000 pounds domestic and 822,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 3,598,000, against a
total of 4.367,500 for the previous week and a
total of 3,090,000 for the corresponding week
last year. Sales since January 1. 1899. 30.107.
--500 pounds, against 32,489,480 pounds last year
at this time.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 12.— WHEAT— Spot, firm.
Futures closed slightly higher. March, 6s 7%d;
May. 5s 7%d.
CORN— Spot, quiet but steady. American
mixed new, 3s 6%d; American mixed old, 3s
7%d. Futures closed steady; March, 3s o^a,
May, 3s 5V«d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Feb. 32. -Canadian Pacific 92%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 82"fc; Union Pacific
preferred, 84; Grand Trunk. 8; bar silver,
steady, 27 7-16 d: money, 1% per cent.
WEATHER REPORT.
(I2oth Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, February 22. 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and . rainfall in last twenty-four
hours: Last This Last
Stations- . \ ."0 00 Season. Season
f, Tr «v. .. 0.00 ■ 18.38 • - Z4.ii
Sacramento 0.00 . 7.85 .-. ■» «
Sacramento ........... 0-00 •. 7.85. 7.00
San Francisco .......:. 0.00 I'll 6.30
Fresno 0.00 iM*'.-- 3.36
San Luis Oblspo.. 0.00 7-» 3.98
Los Angeles 0.00 • 2.90 4.13
San Diego 0.00 8.71 I'll
Yuma 0.00 1.84 1.23
an Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
70; minimum, 51; mean, W.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy . over Washington.
Northern Oregon and Idaho. It Is also cloudy
along the Southern California coast. Elsewhere
on the Pacific Slope the weather Is fair.
The pressure has fallen slightly along the
ci An e area of unusually high pressure overlies
Montana and North Dakota, accompanied by
temperatures below zero. ' '
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
and somewhat cooler weather In California
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. February 23, 1899:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Thursday;
somewhat cooler: fresh variable winds.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Thursday;
fresh west wind. .
Nevada— Partly cloudy Thursday; cooler.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday, probably with snow
in the mountains of the north portion; cooler.
i Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Thursday; cooler; fresh west wind.
Report from Mount pals— Clear;, wind
north 10 miles; temperature. 60: maximum
temperature, 64.. G. H. WILLSOX.
Local Forecast Official, j
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
1
8
Moon* Phases
ynnt let,
February 3.
T
. »
11
16
xSv JJew Moon.
Vi/ February 10.
-jk First Quarter.
& February 17.
£2. Full Moon.
\2/ February
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In Pan Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new F»rry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
_hr. s. hughes.
Lieutenant, TJ, S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at> Fort Point', entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thortiy of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 23.
Sun rises 6:49
Sun nets 5:57
Moon sets 5:27 a. m.
m I Time ITimel Time I Time
9 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» L W H W /% W JH W
n~... 8:65 2.6 10:00 6.4 4:29 O.t^ 11:21 8.1
24 ... 4:32 2.2 10:40 6.3 4:59 0.3 11:4* 5.3
25 ... 5:10 1.8 11:19 5.2 5:29 0.5
H W Li W H W L. Wl
id . 0:10 5.3 5:49 1.51 12:00 5.1 «:M( n.g
27 ... 0:34 6.8 6:301 1.2! 12:42 4.9 6:32 1.1
28 .. 1:01 5.4 7:15 0.9 1:30 4.7 7:% 1.5
1 ... 1:31 6.5 8:00 0.6 2:29 4.4 7:44 1.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except -when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are addition? to the soundings on the
fnlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height,
and then the mimber given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference la the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February 22. 1899.
Tbe time ball was not dropped February
S2 on account of It being a holiday.
W. S. HT'GHES.
Lieutenant, T". S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Due.
Empire
Oeo. W. Elder.
Mackinaw i
Bristol I
Wyefleld
Point Arena.. .
Coos Bay
Samoa
Arcata
Chllkat
State of Cal... |
E. Thompson., j
Mlneola
Signal I
Weeott
Corona
North Fork....
ITmatllla
Pomona
Coqullle River.
Czarina I
Cleveland I
Wellington i
Orizaba |
Gaelic i
Australia
Crescent City.
Santa Rosa 1
Columbia j
C. Nelsrn !
Coos Bay iFeb. 23
Portland Feb. 23
Tacoma |Feb. 23
I Departure Bay Feb. 23
Nanalmo ..Feb. 23
Point Arena .IFeb. 23
Newport Feb. 23
Humbnldt Feb. 23
Coo« Bay Feb. 24
Humboldt , Feb. 24
i Portland I Feb. 24
Seattle [Feb. 24
Tacoma (Feb. 24
(Astoria [Feb. 25
Coos Bay iFeb. 25
San Diego |Feb. 25
Humboldt IFeb. J8
Victoria & Puget Sound IFeb. M
Humboldt Feb. 26
Tlllamook Feb. 26
ITacoma Feb. 26
IPuget Sound Feb. 26
> Departure Bay Feb. 27
| Newport Feb. 27
j China and Japan Feb. 28
Honolulu Feb. 28
■ Crescent Ctty Mar. 1
Pan Diego Mar. 1
i Portland jMar. 1
'Puget Sound 'Mar. 1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Aloha Point Arena. .|Feb. J3. S pm Pier 2
Pomona ...Humboldt !Feb. 23, 2pm Pier 9
Santa Ro»ajSan Dietro |Feb. 23. 11 amjPler 11
Alliance ...lOresron Ports. (Feb. 23. 10 amlPier 20
Moana (Sydney ! Feb. 23. 10 am ' Pier 7
A. Blanch'diCoos Bay iFeb. 23, 6 pm Pier 13
Walla Wall Vie. & Pgt Sd. Feb. 25. 10 amiPisr »
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 23. 10 amiPler 13
Pt. Arena. JPoint Arena.. Feb. 25, 3 pmlPler 2
Chilkat .... Humbohlt Feb. 25. 2 pmlPler 13
Coos Bay... Newport' Feb. 26. 9 am Pier 11
Weeott Taquina Bay. Feb. 27, 10 amlPi«r 1J
State of Cal Portland !Feb. 27. 10 am'Pter U
Corona |Ban Diego IFeb. »7. 11 am Pier 11
Cltyof ParaiPanama IFeb. 28. 12 nVPMSS
Orizaba ....I Newport IMar. 1. 9 amPler U
City PekingjChlna & JapnlMar. 1. 1 pm'PMSS
Umatllla . . 'Vie & Pgt P.}. Mar. 2. 10 amPiT 9
Steamer.
Destination.
Arena..
Kildt !
Hejro..,..
Vie
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. February 2J.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck. 6 days from Port
land, etc.
Ptmr Noyo, Johnson. 13 hours frrm Fort
Bargg.
Stmr Whltesboro. Johnson. 13 hours from
Greenwood.
Br Btmr Wyefleld. Cartmer, 4 days from Na
nalmo.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 11 noon firm;
Mendocino, via Point Arena.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, 69 hours from New
port.
Stnvr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 36 hours from Al
catraz Landing-
Brig Galilee, Dinsmore, 3S days from Tahiti.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, February X 3.
Brig Lnrline, McLeod, Kahulul; Hawaiian
Commercial and Sugar Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, February 32.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria.
Stmr Progreso, Gilboy, Seattle
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen.
Brig Lurline, McLeod, Kahulul. .
Schr Chas Hanson, Pannevfg.
Schr Mary Efta, Anderson. .
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Chas R Wilson, at Grays Harbor,
from San Francisco— Feb 17. lat 42 12 N, lon*
127 12 W, schr W F Witzeman, from Chemainua
for Taku; all well.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 22, 10 p m— WeatW
hazy; wind south; velocity 7 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY — Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Alle«
Blanchard, for San Francisco; stmr Eranlre^
for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Weeott. from Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 22- S"hr' Vol
unteer, for San Francisco; schr Edwirj Parka,
for San Francisco; schr Neptune for San
Francisco; bktn Gardiner City, for Ban Fran
cisco; schr Laura Madsen, for San . a~ sco
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb 22— ?•■ A.!ca
zar, hence Feb 21.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Feb 23— 8t:. r Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr ChitkaL
hence Feb 20.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Feb 22— Schr 3*hn
A Campbell, from Port Blakeley, for Hnn^i'ilu
Passed in Feb 22— Stmr Queen, hence Feb 20
for Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
CLALLAM BAY— Palled Feb 21— Ship Bt
Nicholas, from Seattle, for San Fra^ls-iv
bark Fresno, from Port Ludlow, for H
PORT TOWNS-END — Sailed Feb 22 -Star
Olympia, for Yokohama.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 32— Stmr FaraUon,
from Dyea.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Feb 22— Schr Web
foot, hence Feb 8.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Feb 22— Leand»r. frota
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Westport.
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 22— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco; Br ship Fannie Kerr,
for Queenstown; Br ship Wasdale, for Queens
town.
Arrived Feb 22— Br ship Wallaoetown, henoe
Feb 5.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb 22— Schr
Lyman D Foster, from Port Townsend.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 22— Rchr Glendale. for
San Pedro; schr G W Watson, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Olympia. for Yokohama.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived Feb 21— Haw
ship John Ena, from Port Pirie.
MANlLA— Arrived Feb 22— U 8 stmr Ben
nington, from Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Satled Feb 22— Stmr St Paul.
for Southampton; stmr Maasdam. for Rotter
dam; stmr Noordland. for Antwerp; stmr Teu
tonic, for Liverpool; stmr Rotterdam, for Rot
terdam; stmr Cymric, for Liverpool.
STETTIN— SaiIed Feb 22— Stmr Island, for
New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Feb 22— Ptrr.r Fnerst
Bismarck, from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Feb IS— Stmr Trave,
for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Sailed Feb 22-Ptmr Bel
genland. for Liverpool; stmr Nederlanrl. for
Antwerp.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Feb 22— Stmr Majw. \
for New York.
' OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
L», Steamers leave Broadway
IKS'— w. ' wharf. San Francisco:
IIHHH^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
1 IPESUfe Feb. 5, 10 15 ' 20. 25; Mar. 2:
HLBHnXSI change at Seattle.
B9|W For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
j E^^fis?3S3M C ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
Ir^^^^H Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom rWash).
10 a. m.. Feb. 5. 10, la, 20, 25:
"l..kt ."a o. K.,«Si«,J— t0 N ' p -
th Fo e r a "santa Cruz Monterey. San Simeon.
Ma^Utver^ fourth'day therlafleV. Hi" "
For San DtegcT stopping only at Port Har-
ford /San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
X s FeTT 7 an ii Re if on it 3 2Tt n MaV eS) S. U a^
"tig Knadaf M a e gdt"n r a Bay San Jos. del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa R°«*H»
andGuaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Feb. 11, Mar. ».
For further information "obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and jT>"rs of'snUtrisr.
TTCKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ■
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO,
i DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sr>ear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI 2 First Class Including Berth*
InflX $8 Second Clas« and Meals.
Columbia sails Feb. 12, 22: March 4, 14.
State of . California sails Feb. 7, 17, 87,
March 9.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
€30 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS ' & CO.,
Superintendent.
Gompagnle Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS _^
(FRANCE). Palling every Saturday &FtfP&
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North afliifcg
River, foot of Morton street.
LA TOURAINE... .....February 25
LA NORMANDIE March «
LA CHAMPAGNE.... : March II
LA BRETAGNE March 18
LA TOURAINE March 23
First-class to .Havre, $65 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre, $*5. 10 per cent reduction round trip
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast ■ Agents.
5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco. ,
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul February 22fSt.: Paul... March 1$
St. Louis March 1 1 St. Louis March 23
RED- STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. .
' From New York i Every Wednesday. II noon.
Kensington Feb'y 15 Southwark March I
Noordland Feb'y 22 Westernland.. March 15
Frlesiand March l'Kensington March 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawaon City.
! For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery st., < ny of its agencies
TOYO KISEN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR- t
ncr First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), . Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc No cargo received on board on day
of sailing- -■= ;.-*:
AMERICA MARU Tuesday. Feb. 21
HONGKONG MARU ....Friday. March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. .For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
jtflSB?Kfiß!SPKl^!l^ Thp s - s - Moana
JBFt^ffiigjaßigfl&iaga- sails via Honolulu and
W,Srlt^fc Auckland r ° r Sydney
PBWBMIfI The S. Feb. 23, at
■ llHillL sails via Honolulu nnd
iTfc Auckland for Sydney
Wi — p>^ Thursday, Feb. 23, at
§|gamshinc> in s P "' Australia
SSSjSp G^m7«Kii * * ll!t for Honolulu
Jef 8^ (OfflD3!ta* Wednesda> . March 8.
•"*^ . *■' r»"l at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa.
i J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIV.SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
TWIN Is, -RKW PASSENGER SERVICIS.
W\v YIIRK--HAMIH RG DIRECT.
NE^ TORK - InERWR-i «PARIS)-HAM.
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway. New York
HERZOO & CO.. Gen. A *<% Pacific Coast. .
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sansome and
- US Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER ST.BAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer ".Monticello." *£i .'•
Mon Km Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a,^.
m 115. J:»J P. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. n> »-.> i I:W; Sundays 10:30 a.m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office, - Mlanlon-st. Dock. Pier No.
I. ■■. T«l»phon», Main 1504. . ;
FAItE • .....80a2i^.L~~_______J' POSTTJM CEBEAL. - i
• "I began training this year with only 1} I^l^ll}
one beverage on m>* dietetic list. That till/ It
.-fs.Postum Cereal, and I Intend to drink *
.nothing else during my campaign on P A \I\IfYIM
; the : National Circuit this season. Its vAllllVfll
.'effects are not deleterious in any sense
ef the term. I believe this Is the only I) A ¥ T\
♦greeable Cereal Coffee." " JDl\jLl/« \
• .; The Famous Bicyclist
has
A Reason!
Postum Cereal
Food Coffee
Carried Him Through His Most Successful Year.
. Is made from the selected parts of Cereals (grains) that contain the nat-
.' aral phosphates and other elements needed to rebuild the nerve centers. Many
run-down brain workers have learned that coffee is doing a work of destruc-
tion for them, little dreamed of until their attention was called to it.
: • . Ten days without the drug (coffee) and ten days' use of Postum ;
..• Cereal Food Coffee tells the tale. When personal experience demonstrates a
• truth it becomes fixed.
If the cook fails to give you
Postum black and rich, send
back to have it boiled not leas
than fifteen minutes and made ;
a little stronger.
SWINDLED A
LARGE NUMBER
OF DRUGGISTS
Hambrouck, an Ex
.','_ Convict, Jailed.
WORKED SYMPATHY GAME
■ .
BOBBED THEM WHILE THEY
;. PRESCRIBED FOR HlM
■■£ ■ ■ ~ —
' When the Ungrateful Rascal Was
: ■ -"Captured by Detective Ryan He '
•. ■"; Attempted to Escape and
i^HpiS! and Showed Fight.
.. Henry Hambrouck. alias Edward Ham
• brouck. alias Turner, was booked at the
"City- Prison yesterday afternoon by De- (
tective T. L.. Ryan on a charge of va- :
gr-ancy. but more serious charges may yet ,
be preferred against him.
.Hambrouck has- only been out of San ;
. Que'ntih for three months. He •was sent i
■r. there In April. ISSS, for five years on a j
•charge of forgery. At that time he was j
.solicitor for a wholesale druggist and sent ;
' a messenger boy to the .Nevada Bank j
.-.with a forged check on a wholesale liQuor j
firm. The check was cashed, but he was i
. arrested a few days later by Detective
Whiuaker and the case was proved
'- against him.
Since his release he has been victimiz
ing a number of retail druggists by going
to their stores and asking them to fill a
- prescription for his fictitious sick wife, j
and while they were doing so stealing
: anything that was handy. He had visit
ed John J. Mahoney's drug store more
than once with his tale of woe and se- j
■ cured a bottle of port' wine, besides at
the same time stealing some articles.
• ■ Yesterday he called again and Detective
■ -Ryan happened to pass the store at the
time. Mahoney called him in and after
•■ telling him his experience with Ham- i
brouck the detective placed the ex-convict j
under arrest. Mahoney told Ryan that
Hambrouck had swindled Henry F.
• Wynne, druggist at Twenty-second and ,
Folsom streets, and Ryan took him there. ,
Wynne identified Hambrouck but said it
. was nearly five years ago that he got ;
■ away with some money from him, and he
did not care to prosecute him. At that ;
time a number of other druggists had j
• ■■•^.^S'hisHrSS'ner then started for |
: the City Prison. While passing Mission ■
" and Twenty-second streets Hambrouck
1 bereedtobe allowed to go into a saloon
on the corner, as he wanted to go to the
toller room Ryan went In with "him and.
witAifn! his cnance. Hambrouck made a
■" bVeak for liberty. Ryan overtook him In
-i£ alley off ? Twenty-third street and he
' for no good purpose.
: -" " iime. Alma E. Keith invites you all to |
\ •Market ot. m t .
CHOSE DEATH AS A TEXT.
Father Bond Emphasizes the ■ Neces
sity of Religious Preparation.
The mission now in progress at St.
Cathedral under the direction of
R^mutorist missionaries, which was
SnSScS last Sunday morning, ia laeet
fnJT with a success far beyond the most
Lnrsu ne expectations of both the- priesta
Erectly in charge and the an active in
cathedral, who have taken an. active .in
terest in It The devotions are well at
tended 2nd the elOQuence of the lectures
The Sffiject* I ? the address Tuesday night
by Father Bond was on "Death," and he
drew a vivid picture of the absolute ne
ce-sity of a thorough preparation for the
inevitable dissolution. The speaker pic
tured to those present the agony of those
who are dying with the stain of mortal
sin upon their souls, with the full realiza
tion that no one is near to absolve them
'from It before they pass into enternity,
to there meet final punishment for their
transgressions. by some of deferring
The habit practiced by some of deferring
■ their Easter duties, and, in fact, entirely
wandering away from the faith with the
excuse that it will be time enough for
them to repent in their old age or upon
• their deathbed, was condemned. Father
Bond argued that death neither plays
favorites nor indicates the time when he
'If to choose his victim. All Catholics
Should be prepared, the preacher claimed,
■ tit- all times to meet their God. They
-.should keep their Easter duty above all
U: ■ . ' ' -
things, and should approach the sacra
ment.-* often. By doing this he said they
would be brought nearer to God by their
devotion and sacrifice, and. above all,
would be in a state of preparation to meet
the inevitable. He maintained that the
longer a man keeps away from the church
and the longer he defers the duty which
he owes himself and God by keeping the
commandments the more he feels less In
clined to return within the communion of
his church.
The lecture was concluded with a de
scription of the deathbed repentance of
one who had remained for years away
from the church for the reason that he
hoped through Divine Providence to be
saved at the last moment.-
A MEXICAN GOVERNOR HERE.
General Canedo of Sinaloa Tells of
His State's Prosperity.
General Rafael Canedo; Governor of
Sinaloa, one of the northern States of
Mexico, arrived In this city Tuesday night
and will be at the Occidental for a few
days. General Canedo has served nearly
sixteen years as the chief official of Sina
loa and is just about completing his
fourth term. From other sources it is
learned that the general wil! most likely
be honored once more with the high of- |
flee, as he is held In high esteem by his
people. He came directly from the City '
of Mexico, where he went on state busi- i
ness, the nature of which he did not care ]
to divulge. He will return in five or six
days to Mazatlan. This is not the gen- j
eral's first visit to this coast, as he came i
here six months ago on matters concern- j
ing his Government.
Governor Canedo is the favorite general
of President Diaz of the Mexican repub
lic, 'who has likewise been in office for
sixteen years. They have been compan
ions in several wars and are warm per
sonal friends.
• The mining prospects in our section
are excellent," said General Canedo last
evening, '"and my people are in a very
prosperous condition. There is much more
American capital invested in the northern
portion of Mexico than English, though
!n the central part English Investments
predominate. A syndicate has been
formed for the purpose of building a rail
road from Durango to Mazatlan and the
two places will be connected by rail in
the very near future- The importance of
this line cannot be overestimated and the
citizens are enthusiastic regarding the
contemplated improvement."
THE FREE LIBRARY.
List of Books Recommended for Home j
Reading by School Children.
The Free Public Library bulletin just !
issued contains figures which show to
what extent the main and the branch li
braries are patronized. During the month
of January there were issued for home
use 47.280 books, and for library u»e 17.- j
09L The average daily use at the main
library was 1602 books. There are at this
time 24,668 patrons of the library who have
cards which entitle them to draw books.
The total number of volumes In the li
brary on the last day of January was 110.
--4 SO, distributed as follows: In the main
library at the City Hall, 96,554; In the Mis
sion branch. 2664 Mission street. 5076; Po
trero branch, 1152 Kentucky street, 1525;
North Beach branch, 1505 Powell street,
3151; Richmond branch, 254 Fourth avenue,
1590; and Harrison street branch, 716 Har
rison street, 2584.
In the bulletin there is presented & list
of 336 books for home reading recommend
ed by the San Francisco Teachers' Club.
of which Jane Seymour Kllnk la th«
chairman and Belle Ryan secretary. They
have been selected "with the object of
providing a number of books any one of
which will be helpful to pupils, not only
in giving them a taste for literature and j
forming a basis for future work, but also
to fill pleasantly and profitably idie hours
and spare moments of time."
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Lark'.n sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and ccld tuD catns. Fall water direct from ocean.
CHARGES FAILURE TO PROVIDE
Warrant Out for the Arrest of At
torney A. E. Shaw.
Mrs. May Joseph! Klncaid Shaw, teach
er of elocution, swore to a complaint be
fore Judge Mogan on Tuesday afternoon
for the arrest of her husband, Attorney
A. E. Shaw, on the charge of failure to
provide for his child. The parties were
recently divorced and Mrs. Shaw was
? ranted $50 per month alimony. Shaw re
used to pay It. and Judge Belcher had
him committed for contempt of court. The
contempt proceedings were dismissed, but
Shaw still refuses to pay for the support
of his child, who was given into the cue
tody of the mother.
Advances made on iurmture and piano*, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017- IMS Mission.
Stole a Widow's Steer.
H. F. Stender, a waiter, was arrested
on Kearny street yesterday afternoon and
lodged in the City Prison by Constable
Jackman of Fresno and will be taken
there to-day. He is accused of stealing
a steer belonging to a widow in Fresno
and selling it, keeping possession of the
money. His defense is that he was sick
and without funds.
GERTRUDE
ATHERTON
Tells What She Thinks
of
THE SENATE AND
WASHINGTON SOCIETY
In -Next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1899.
IN HONOR OF WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
T-" VERY ship in port flew her colors yesterday out of respect for the natal day of "the father of his
I"" 1 country." The battleship lowa was decked from stem to stern with fiags, and a short distance from
i— « her the British ship Centesima made an equally good showing, while the British steamer Moana at Pa
cific-street wharf and the transports Roanoke and Connemaugh were covered with bunting.
During the day the Mexican war veterans visited the lowa. At noon the battleship fired a national
salute, as did also the battel3.es at Fort Point, Black Point and Alcatraz.
YOUNG CLERK IS
RUINED BY FAST
WOMEN AND WINE
Oscar Anderson a
Thief.
WELL KNOWN ON THE FRONT
SOME OF CAPTAIN NELSONS
CASH WENT WITH HIM.
All Ships Observe Washington's
Birthday — Three Boys Have a
Narrow Escape From
Drowning.
Oscar Anderson, a junior clerk and mes
senger employed by Charles Nelson, tne
ship-owner and lumber merchant, is miss
ing. He disappeared last Monday and with
htm went $800 of Captain Nelson's money.
Oscar, although only 18 years old, had
been living a fast life and had got in with
a lot of young fellows who played tne
races and consorted with fast women.
It was to associating with these people
that his fall is due.
Monday last the crew of the steamer
North Fork, owned by Charles Nelson,
was to have been paid off. The cashier
of the house drew a check for $SOO and
sent Anderson to the bank to cash it. He
was told to get gold and a certain amount
of silver. At the same time Oscar was to
call at W. P. Fuller & Co.'s and pay
an account of $450. After the youngster
had been gone an hour the cashier began
to wonder what was the matter. James
Tyson, manager for Charles Nelson, was
taking his lunch at the Merchants' Club
and to him the cashier telephoned, think
ing he might have sent the boy en a mes
sage. Tyson knew nothing about either
Oscar or the money, and another tele
phone message revealed the fact that Os
car had not been to the steamer. When
the bank informed the ship-owner that
the check had been paid in gold, both
Mr Tyson and the cashier came to tne
conclusion that something was wrong.
Monday night and part of Tuesday
everybody in the employ ot Captain i-.el
son thought something had happened to
young Anderson, and none were willing
to think the lad an absconder. \ ester
day, however, a letter postmarked at Su
nol arrived at Charles Nelson's contain
ing W P. Fuller & Co.'s receipt for tne
$450 The police were then notified, ana
Detective Silvey is now on the trail of
the youthful runaway.
"Bad company ruined Oscar, said
James Tyson yesterday. "He left school
about six months ago to come into our
office and soon proved that he possessed
the material for the making of a good
business man. Some blacklegs got hold
of him, however, and he began to go the
pace. I know the boy's relatives well
and the disgrace will be a terrible blow
to them. Both Mr. Nelson and myself
would sooner have lost double the money
than that the boy should have this stain
on his character. The police are now
on his trail and I hope the blacklegs who
tempted him to fall will be made to suf-
The man who is accused of having In
duced young Anderson to rob his em
ployer is William Baker, brother of the
well-known pugilist. He disappeared the
same time that Anderson did and a war
rant is out for- Ills arrest. ihe chances
are that when the two runaways are
caught there will not be much of the
stolen money left. «___». " *
Three lads named Tom Murphy, An
drew Sundburg and Fred Medder nearly
lost their lives alongside the battle ship
lowa yesterday. They were out in a skiff
and when near the man of war lost one
of their oars overboard. The strong ebb
tide carried them alongside the lowa ana
under a catamaran that was moored to
the warships boom. The youngsters
were swept into the water, but after a
struggle got onto the catamaran. They
remained there shivering for over twenty
minutes, until Henry Peterson in the
launch Amy came along and took them
ashore. The lads are nothing the worse
for their ducking. .
Fish Commissioner Alex Vogelsang
made a haul yesterday. He was on his
way to the battle ship lowa in the launch
Amy, when he saw a Chinese junk, that
had long been suspected of illicit fish
ing coming along. He at once gave
chase and in boarding the junk was re
warded by finding nearly half a ton of
flsh smaller than the law allows to be
caught. The fish were thrown overboard
and all the Chinese nets and lines were
confiscated. Then Commissioner Vogel
sang proceeded to the lowa and paid his
contemplated visit;
"BANTA CRUZ, Feb. 22.— Special to The
Call - The schooner W. S. Phelps re
ported as 'missing' in The Call was in
this harbor last Monday afternoon and
was supplied with provisions by a local
merchant. The Phelps left Monday morn
ing for San Francisco. Captain reports
that he had been thirty-eight days on the
trip owing to the fact that the schooner's
bottom was foul and center board
jammed."
THICK OF A CHINAMAN.
Scheme to Secure Free Passage to
the Old Country.
Jung Chung Chan, a Chinese actor, who
was released on $500 bonds by United
States District Judge de Haven, surren
dered himself last Monday to be deport
ed, he being anxious to return to China,
the charge against him being that of be
ing Illegally within the United Btatea.
Yesterday morning, on motion of Assist- I
ant United States Attorney Banning, the j
court ordered him deported and then de- ;
clared that the hour for the noon recess |
had arrived. Mr. Banning requested the j
court to sign the order for deportation in
order that the Chinaman might depart j
on the steamer which would leave an
ho.ur later, he having promised that If al- ]
lowed to go on that steamer he would :
pay his own fare. But the court checked
Mr. Banning before he could make the
full explanation and announced that he
would sign the order at the opening of
the court at the hour of 2 p. m.
Clerk Morse of the District Court said |
that there was no reason why the China- |
man and his counsel could not have ms.de \
their motion a day or two earlier. It had
become a common practice to bring in
these cases on the last day and expect :
the court to suspend all other business j
for the purpose of attending to them.
Chan will go on the next steamer at the
expense of the Government.
RESTAURANT MEN ON TRIAL.
Maison St. Germain Proprietors Ac
cused of Selling Unstamped
Wine.
Germain Pouchan and Louis Schlatter
were on trial before a Jury yesterday In
the United States District Court for vio
lating the revenue laws. Deputy Internal
Revenue Collectors Fletcher and Worth
told how they had bought several bottles
of wine from the defendants at their
place of business, the Maison St. Ger
main, 33 O'Farrell street. Some of the
bottles were minus the war tax stamp,
and others had been refilled so often that
the stamps they originally bore had been
washed away.
Collector Lynch testified that Pouchan
had admitted to him that the bottles had
been refilled without being restamped.but
that other restaurant men were doing
likewise and that he did not think the
Government officers would attempt to en
force the law until after the Secretary
of the Treasury had passed upon a peti
tion which the restaurant men of San
Francisco had sent to Washington. Pou
chan offered to make a money settlement
with the Government, but Lynch refused
to compromise without first consulting
with the United States Attorney.
Mr. Pouchan took the stand and flatly
contradicted Mr. Lynch. He said he
never made the admission credited to him.
He and his partner had warned the wait
ers against selling- unstamped wine.
There were 100 bottles of wine in a large
box back of the counter, and these were
stamped. By mistake there were a few
unstamped bottles in the box — not intend
ed for sale that day — and tTiese had been
carelessly sold to the revenue officials by
the waiter. .
The case went over until tn-dav.
Assistant United States Attorney Wood
worth is representing the Government,
and the accused are being defended by
i Attorney Bert Schlealnger.
WONG TAN IN DANGER
OF LIFE AND LIBERTY
HE TESTIFIED AGATNST A MUR
DERER, WHO RETALIATES.
Is Arrested for Alleged Perjury, and
"Warned to Stay Away From
Chinatown.
Wong Tan is a victim of the wrath and
enmity of one Ong Foon and the latter' 3
tongs, and now languishes In the City
Prison on a charge of perjury sworn to
by one Ah Joe, who, according to the pris
oner, is a "fake."
Detective Sllvey arrested Tan on Kear
ny street yesterday afternoon at the re
quest of the complaining witness, who
gives his address as 709 Dupont street.
The Incarceration of Wong Tan recalls
a murder and an attempted extortion
case, and according to the prisoner he
has been worried by arrest through his
connection with both affairs.
It appears that Ong Foon was arrested
four or five weeks ago on the complaint
of various Chinese slave owners, and
charged with attempting to extort money
from an inmate of a br.othel. He was dis
charged by Judge Mogan, but while Foon
was leaving the court room he was taken
in custody by &. Deputy Sheriff of Santa
Rosa on a charge of murder he is said
to have committed there.
Vv'ung Tan was a witness to the crime
and ever since has been in danger of
death and annoyance at the hands of Ong
Foon's friends. He has been repeatedly
warned of his danger in coming to San
Francisco, but he has ignored them.
In speaking of his arrest last evening.
Tan, who is an intelligent Chinaman, said
he has not committed perjury, but was
arrested for telling the truth about Ong
Foon's shooting of his friend, Ah Loy, in
November, 1892.
He claims Foon shot Loy in a quarrel
over 50 centa and as he witnessed the
shooting he testified against rhe murder
er. This, ho said, has aroused the enmity
of Ong Foon's friends, and they are many,
as he is a highbinder in high standing,
being a member of the Suey Ying Tong,
Tuey Ling Tong and the Chinese Educa
tion Society.
Tan said that Lieutenant Esola warned
him to look out for himself and stay
away from Chinatown, as he could not
have a man constantly protecting him.
Dr. Voorsanger Talks on Egypt.
Dr. Jacqb Voorsanger addressed the So
ciety of California Pioneer^ on the sub
ject, "Egypt— Remnants of a Dead Civ
ilization," at Pioneer Hall on Tuesday.
The lecture was illustrated by stereopti
con views. Egypt the speaker character
ized as being a "national tombstone
marking the decay of a nation which laid
the foundation for our present civiliza
tion " This absolute downfall he attrib
uted to lack of morals among the inhab
itants.
Our Policy of Territorial Expansion.
Extreme annexationists are advocating the
addition of Canada to this country, and think
it can b« accomplished In a peaceful manner
without exciting a Quarrel with England. Such
grave questions cdll for the wisest statesman
ship, Just as dyspepsia, constipation, liver
and kidney diseases and malaria call for a
thoroughly reliable remedy like Hosteter i
Sromach Bitters. No experimenting should
be done with untried medicines -when an old
established preparation is to be had.
BURGLAR SILDERS
DETERMINED TO DIE
MAKES ANOTHER ATTEMPT TO
STRANGLE HIMSELF.
Then Tries to Batter His Brains Out
and Is Strapped to a Hospital
Cot.
Charles Silders, alias Loeer, the burg
lar and socialist, made another attempt
to strangle himself In his cell In the City
Prison yesterday morning. He was
again unsuccessful, but feels sure that he
win yet accomplish his purpose.
After his attempt Tuesday a careful
watch was kept upon him. About 8
o'clock yesterday morning he was served
with a cup of coffee and after tfrinklng
it he went to the rear of the cell and
taking a silk necktie which he wore
twisted It round his r.eck and pulling the
ends together again tried to strangle him
self. An alarm was sounded and Ser
geant Lindheimer rushed into the cell and
unloosened the necktie. Silders was pur
ple in the face, and after partially re
covering he beat his head against the ce
ment floor of the cell. He was hand
cuffed and sent to the Receiving Hos
pital.
At the hospital he was placed in a
padded cell and a few minutes later Chief
Steward Bucher observed him attempting
to batter his brains out against the floor.
He was taken from the cell and strapped
down on a cot in the male ward and a
policeman was detailed to watch him.
He refused to take any food and was
compelled to swallow it.
He will bo handed over to tie Sheriff
to-day to be sent to the County Jail to
await his trial on the two charges of
burglars, for whirh Judge Mogan heid
him to answer. The officials in the City
Prison admit that Sihiers is the most des
perate character they have had to deal
with for a long time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— > *"^^^^^~'^—^*^^~^'^-~-— ~~->—^•~~~~~~*^'"" -
Jh carters
ISjBiTTLE
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
lattlo Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per- .
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
._ Small Price.
• I t L» ft %& m I^*^f^
mm\w\KV ram ot
! \M^ have been gathered so sue-
I cessfully In this tonic as to render
| it the most effective Malt Extract
I in the market. • • r»V ■*
Invaluable to sufferers from
I dyspepsia and sleeplessness. Re-
! stores digestion, soothes the
! nerves and invigorates the entire
system.:'
. - , _ .. .Mi. omtmamTW.
i Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
M ILWAUKEE.U
i Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-41S Sacramento Street,
j ;v* San Francisco. .
PvUgDL HILL'S fiEINVIGORATOR
Jrwi Five hundred reward for any case
Bsl ■■■ are cannot cure. This secret remedy
'■. - ■ stops ail losses In 24 hours, cures
■■■I ■■■ Emissions, lmpotency, Varicocele.
T? 1 C*nH Conorrhoea, Gleet, Fits. Strictures,
WIA IliiJ Lost Manhood and all wasting et-
tVi BBS fectsof self -abuse or excesses. Sent
H»™bC5P sealed. J3 bottle: 1 bottles. ss; guar-
antied to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
BTiTUTE 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cat. Alas
for mU« at 1073H Market st.. S. P. All pri-
Tats ctMasM quickly cured. Send for fire* book.
y*^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jgjr j-t^J 625 HEABXT ST. Established
HTtM In 1*64 tor the treatment of Private
SB tJni-fjfflr DN«as<M». Lost Manhood. Debility or
•Hsa^SSn disease wearing on bodyand mladand
%7I H SKin Dljeast-s. I he doctor cures when
gjESHBWI others fall. Try him. Charges low
cXHbEBn Cwresaruaranteril. Callorwrlta
Dr. 4. I UIBBVJI, Box J'J37, Saa Fraaciaca
" ADVERTISEMENTS. _ . /
BEFORE DURING AFTER
La Grippe
Tpny
lH FOR BODY AND BRAIN
F^ • 8toe« M«S, Endorwd by Medical P»ctxlty
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
Sold at Ail Druggists Everywhere. Avoid Substitutes.
Health is Wealth.
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND. BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL' ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS.
! Is sold under positive Written Guarantee,
! by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizxiaess, Wakefulnesa, Fits, Hysteria, QoicK-
ziess. Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of ConU-
: dene«, Nervousness. Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
i ful Errors, or Excessive Use of Tobacco, Opium,
1 or Liquor, which leads to Misery. Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, SI a
i box; six for 15; with written jruaranteeHto
core or refund money. Sample pacfe-
age, containing five days treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. One sample only sold«io
each person. At store or by mail. ■MSB^fcf
jftS^iS&ESFRed Label Specialifevpa
fcH^Sfii Extra Strength. ll§s-3O
d^-iffS For Irnpotency, Loes o£ma£*'^n
§^"Red Label Special^gJ^
For Inipotency, Loss of«P*-^r w
Power. Lost Man hood, \l ffa
Xs£ffL erUit7 or Barrenness [•'», gw^y^
<Mj^^sl a box: six for $5, withj|^sS»J<
written eaaranteeSfil^JtV.
T*rir ._ to cure in 30 da At stored^V3Ls
; BErFORE oy by mail. AFTER
GEORGE DAHLBENDER * CO.. Sole Acts..
! TH Kearny St., San Francisco. j
I _ — —
I used Ely's Cream j£jEiyT^^
Balm for catarrh and fC&tof ßaU*\
have received *™lJs^l^lSs]
I benefit. I believe It a©>nK»l&y.
safe and certain cure. F" • 4?&j
Very pleasant to take, '
— "Wm. Fraser, Roch- JrwtV^'X.
ester. N. T. JT^STt\
Cream balm Is placed Into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief is
Immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
—does not produce sneezing". Large size, 50c; ■
at druggists or by rcail; trial size, 10c. by mall.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 'Warren St.. New York.
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY." "
Tlbaron Perry, Foot off Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 11:S3,
1:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:20 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:50
: and 11:30 p. m. . . .
BUN DAYS— «:OO. 9:30. U:CO a. m.; 1:80, IM.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : 13:44,
1:40, < 5:10 p. m. Saturdays trips a*
1:85 and 6:85 p. m.
NX" ATS— B:IO. 9.40, - 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:49,
6:00, 6:25 p. m. • ; . '.- ■'■■■ . - *
Between San Francisco and Schuetien Park
tame schedule as above. f ■ ■ -
Leave - Arrive
Ban Franclsoo. In Effect San Fr&nclse*.
p. , October 18, ■ »
Week Sun- 1898. Bun- i Week
; Days. : Days. Destination, days. I days,
V:3O am 1 3:00 am .Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pmi 9:30 am Fetaluma 6:10 10:25 ara
6:10 pm SrOO pa: Santa Rosa. T:S» prn | i.tl pta
•' ■ • >' ;:•-• .: Fulton. -
Tito am Windsor. 3 10 M am
Healdsbur*.
Lytton. - V '.;:
- G*ysernil»,
l:Jopm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:33 pm tttpm
.. ' : Hopland and .
T:3O am " • Uklah. 7:36 pm «:t% pa
7:30 am - " ' ~ 10:38 am
8:00 am Ourn«7VUl«. 7:38 pm Wfjw
1:80 pmj t:tjym
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and ' • " <
J:Wpm 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:10 pm 6:apm
7:30 am $:00am SebastopoJ. 10:40 am 10 :J» am
8:30 pm ! 6:00 pm| r.SS pm 6:21 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa' for" Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Bprlno: at G«y-
servllle for £ka*-rs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; a: Hopland for Duncan Springs.
highland Springs. Kelseyvine. Carlsbad
Bprlngs, Soda Bar. Lakeport .and Bartl«tt
Sprint*; at T.'klah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. witter
Spring!. "Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Days. Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Fanhedrtn Heights. HullvUle. Booneville, Orr*»
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
1 Weetport, T.sal, WlUltts, LaytonvlUe. Cuar-
ding's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Bcctla and Eureka. '
Saturday to Monday round trl» tickets at
On° Sundays round trip tickets to ail points
beyond. San Rafael at half rates. ■ ,
Ticket Offices. «60 Market St.. Chrpnlejs bid*
( H. C. WHITING, _ IiTYRTJLt
j^eaeral Manager. - ' Ota. Pass Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— *7:!O. ♦9:JO. 11:00 a. m.: 1:45.
8:45, s:ls, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San - Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. no.
SUNDAYS— »S:OO, *10:00.- 11:30 a. m.; 1:U.
1 8:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m. - v -.s. '"■*■££?
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 'S^. 7:45, *9:30 a. m. ;
; •12:20. 2:20, *3:45, 6:05 p. m. i_ 1 \,
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. -. "■_ , _
SUNDAYS— »8:00, «10:00, •a:55 a. m.;
; •1:15. •3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m. . ■ * '  t
Trains marked • starts from SanQuentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
12:85, 2:45. 3:50, 5:20 p. m. .
EXTRA T»IPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. i 12:03.1:20. 3:20.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. : 13:05, 1:20. 3:20,
1:00 6:20 p. Through trains.
' V THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ' . - -. :
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta s.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIV
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 1&. 1899. trains will run as follow*^
' South-bound. • I North-bound. >
Passen- Mixed. ; , Mixed. ! Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday gar..
Dally. Eic'ptd lExc'ptd { Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm; 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pml Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pmj Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:33 am 7:45 pm - Hantord | 7:46 am 1:45 pra
1:28 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld j 2:00 am .'11:00 am,
11:59 am! 6:25 pm," Vtsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pml 8:58 paii Tulare I 5:50 am 1:06 pm,
• Stopping at Intermediate points as required. '
For particulars of sUge and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 831 Market
Urast. ..San Francisco. " • '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. ■
. (Vl* SauaaUto ~"arnr.)
Leave San Francisco, cosun«octn« Saadaj^
Sept. U. 1898: ■ - . • . . ■
Week Days— 9^o a. m.. I'M p. m.
Sundays— 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:13 p. a.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $!.--■•-
THOS. COOK A SON. Amenta. IS lCufetl
1 itreet, Sao Francisco... . . : >
AUCTION SALES.
COSTLY MACHINERY
AND STOCK
OF THE !
FAMILY SHOE FACTORY,
1550-1554 MARKET STREET, NEAR LARKIN,
Will Be Sold
THIS DAY (THURSDAY). AT 11 A. M.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
. BAILEOAD TRAVEL.
IOCTHRBX PACIFIC COMFAJTT.
(PAciric nr»T«M.)
Trntoa I«stc nutl nre Hu« to arrive «t
MAN FK4..X IS« «».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
(,i a ti — Fbom Dec 18. ISS3. . — akrit»
"^«J:O«* NUes. Sao Jose and Way SUtions-. * ! * : «*
1:OOa Beiiicia, nuisun and Sacramento 3:40r
7:OOa MarysTille, Oro»Ulo and Redding »la
Woodland s: "i? r
TiOOa. Elniira. YaoaTltleand Knmsey Ss-i5»
T:S»A Martlnex. San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
; Oallsioga and Santa Rosa 8:ISf
8i«0a Atlantic Jtipress. Og.len and Cut.. »«*S»
•:S»a Ban Jose. IJ»«nnOTe. Hlockton.
lone. Sacramento. Plsoerrtllc;
Mary«TllK Chlco, Ke.l liiuCT 4.ISP
•iSO* *Hll ton. Oak dale and Jamestown... €:1."»P
l:Oti Mtrtisei, Tr«cy, Latarop, Stockton. ....
Merced »cd k'retno l»:l»r
•iOO» Fresno, liakersiieM. 'Santa Barbara,
, Los Angelas, Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleans and Ejuit..... ....... «:4»p
1 0iO« a Vallejn, Marines and Wai SUtlons • :-»3»
IXiOOm Hlles, Ll*ermore. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MendoU, Hanford, Vlsalia,
PorterviUe • ** l 3»
•HOOr Sacramento UJ»er Steamers *b:9or
«i«Or Martinet. San Itanion, Vallejo. •
Napa. Ualfsb>(«, Santa Uoia BilSa
4i«Or B«niela, Vaca»ille, Sacraiuei.to,
Woodland, KaUfhts Landing.
Mary.Tlll«.Oro»ille 10t43*.
4t3Or NUas, Ban Jose and Stockton 7>lS*
8: OOP Sac Francisco an* Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersneld, Los
Angeles * ' : "i
• :SOr Stockton, Meioed, Freeuo 18il3»
IUOr Martines. Tracy, Xeodota, Fresno.
Mojai*. Sauta Carbara and Jam
AagakM - »««*
fS:OOP Pmelflo Coast limited. El Paso, i
Fort Wort*, ilttta Rock. at. -^J
laouls. Cblcmco and East..... 18:454
>il*r Santa r» Route A Mantis i>.*i.rea«
for Mojare and Eaitt 9:*Hf
(tt—r Knropeaii Mall, Of.leu and lCut.... . •:«!
•<OOp Hay wards, Xiles and San J05e. . ..... V*t X
••<O«p Vallejo 18j1Bp
t?i«Or Vallelo, Port Ooeta and Way Bta-
Uom. !»:«»
•:OOr Oregon Kipre«,. v !aor».!iiento, Marys-
• ille. Koildlug. rortlaud, I v iigel
Mound ami East Biia*
ci*i«3pBan*t limited. Fresno, To*
Angoles, El Ps*o, New Orleans
and Ea»t ., • •' 61»-iW
" BAJI LkUNllUn AM» HAIVfAUUS LOOAI-
-" , ; (Foot of Market Street)
~ V B«lro««, S«Biinary I'ark, (
S.-004 ritcfabanr, Xlmhuritt, «>*3a
<9:OOa San l.*an.lro,S,) ih S»« l*B>4»a
lO.OBa Leandro, Estmilllo, JOs-JS*.
<ll:oo* • Lorenio. Cherry - I.*:**p1 .* : ** p
8«0»p Hay wards, i: ««*3j
**••» i Buns throogf. to Nile.. 7143 *
J i From NUes. I •- a
COAST DIVISION i. Narrow «sn?e).
(Foot of Market Street.) a
•il3a Newark, OenUrriUe, San JoaeJ'elton.
Boulder Creek, SanUOrui and Way
'. ;; ,;': Btatlooa. •••• •»•»
•SilSr NewarkrCenterTllle, San Jose, New
AUnaden, Feltoa, Boulder Creek,
Butt Cms and Principal Way
Stations •I«:5«*
«:I3p Newark. San Jose and Los Oatos... 0:20 a,
tllt4Sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and m
Way Stations t'»—g
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrmSil fS»iO!8»— of M.rk.t Btmt<Sli ? 8)—
•7:l* 9:CO 11:00*.m. tl'oo *2:C3 ti:W
•4:03 tS:OO •«:00p.m.-
- »f lr«dir» j— 8:00 KHWI.H.
tl3:00 *l:03 t8:00 *a:00 tiiCS 'S^QfJa,
. CO AST DIVISION (Uroad flange).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
7:OOa San Jose and Way Suti (New
Almadeu Wedneadayt ouly) liatJsl
. •iOOa Sail .loss, Tres rir<u«. UanU Cms.
I'acitto Orofe, l*a«<> Rubles. Han
- " " I.nli Obiapo. Unadalupo, Surf and
Pri.iglpal Way SUtluita i' 1 ?*
lOi4«a Ban Jos. an.l Way 5tati0n5.. ....... •'•?*
lIiSOa San J<«a and Way Stations S>3&4
•»i4*rS»n Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park.
• Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Joaa,
 Ollruy. HoUister, baiita Crux.
Salinas. Mouterey ami Paciae
aroraT. •.;.... IS 8 ?! 4
.«S<B«pSanJoMai>d Way Stations •9«ao*
•4il»r Sao Jos«anil Principal Way Stations »'f»*
•Br»«pSanJose and Principal Way Stations «:SJi
3i»Op San Joss and Principal Way Stations £:SOy
0:30r San Jose aud Way Stations ''»•:
tll:4Br San Jose ami Way Station* 7;»O»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays exceptad. t Sundays only. « Saturdays only,
•{Mondays and Thursdays. uTue«dayi and Saturdays,
IBatardars and Wednesdays. 6Tharsd»M and annuals.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES^
DAY. FRIDAY
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A.M. th*
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In Nev»
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sundajl
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob^
servatlon Car and Eleotrlg
Lighted Sleeping Car. ;
This Train is In Addition to theDall^
Overland Express.
m fbaicisco TICKET OFFICE — mm II
TELEPHONE UADf Utt.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Ofica— 2ol J Street.
Ban Jcu o£o«— 7 West Santa Clara Si
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAS
'^PUmon Pacific)
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUTJHANGE.
; BUFFET SMOKING . AND LIBRART CARS
i WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY IK .DAYS' TO CHICAGO.
Leaves Ban Francisco dally v I p. a,
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General A*«nt.
| No. 1 Kontcomer? street, Saa Francisco. ■
910
NOTED MEN
SPEAK ON A
GREAT DAY
Washington's Birthday Is
Duly Observed Througb
out the Nation.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.—Washing
ton's anniversary was observed here
generally to-day. All Government de
partments were closed and also most
ct the stores. There were a number
of patriotic meetings. The National So
ciety of the Children of the Revolution
made their annual celebration, an im
mense crowd thronging Columbia The
ater Mrs. Daniel Lothrop, national
president, called the society to order,
and "America" was sung by the au
dl Rep e resentat"ive Dolliver of lowa was
the oTator of the day. He declared
there was deep philosophy in the pa
triotic training of children, and that
when the children develop into the men
and women of the future their ear y
thoughts and inspiration would tell.
The true American aristocracy Is not
of wealth, family or of social position,
he said, but of patriotism, sacrifice and
gervice.
SETH LOW SCORES
THE WAR DEPARTMENT
: PHILADELPHIA, Feb. Wash
ington's birthday was celebrated here
■with exercises at the Academy of Music
under the auspices of the University of
Pennsylvania, Some 2000 students
inarched in procession and enlivened
the day -with their college songs and
class slogans. The exercises at the
academy opened with prayer by Bishop
Ozi and the students in chorus sang
the national hymn "America" and the
university hymn "Hall. Pennsylvania
The orator of the occasion was Setn
iJw. 6 LL D.. president of Columbia
University. His topic was "The United
States ; 1899." Mr. Low dwelt at length
Spon ihe recent war with Spain, say
ing in part: _
Th . mechanical skill and ready effl
organization and for business had dis
p a fc ved ftsel" during the war to equal ad-
H«nK^Sra^eTn l^^ r^
Everything that foil to the lot of the-navj
*o do was done quietly, without confusion
and win absolute success. In the army
ft did riot It must in all candor be ad
mitted hat the task of the War Depart
ment was much the heavier It had to
multiply the army tenfold and It had to
do quickly on a large scale what it had
only been "in the habit of doing slowly on a
BI But lt a is* precisely under such circum
etances that cvuiufa shows, and we are
obliged to admit that on the side of the
War Department the genius that had
made our railroads the most effective in
the world, the genius that is enabling our
manufacturers to conquer the markets of
the world, was not forthcoming. The
Santiago campaign of the army was
splendidly and brilliantly successful, and
if the war bad lasted longer I dare say
we should have had a better criterion
than we have now by which to judge how
much of the dreadful suffering in camp
and field is inseparable from war at the
very best. But the contrast between the
Work of the Navy Department and the
"War Department is too great to be wholly
explained away. It is as clear as the
noonday sun that the organization of
the War Department and the army is ab
solutely unfriendly to efficiency. The
President's commission to investigate has
pointed out some of the difficulties and
has suggested some of the remedies. It
remains for public opinion to see that
the remedies or others equally effective
are promptly enacted into law. I am glad
that the President has appointed a court
of inquiry to go to the bottom of the
grievous charges that have been made
- against the commissary department, for
it is hideously in contrast with the self
sacrificing heroism of our troops that
guch charges can be mooted, much less
Made by the commanding general of the
army. Now that the inquiry has been
ordered the people may well await the
finding with patience and with an open
mind, as a people at once too great to do
injustice even to a single one not known
to be at fault and too earnest to permit
atiy who may be proven guilty either of
. ■wrongdoing or of false charges to escape
the blazing fury of that wrath.
. Mr. Low upheld the course of the ad
ministration In the Philippines.
CELEBRATIONS IN
CALIFORNIA CITIES
Washington's Birthday Observed by
the People of the Golden
State.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 22.—Washing
ton's birthday was observed here with
ceremonies of an unusual character.
Business was generally suspended, the j
schools closed and the city entertained |
General Shafter and his staff. General j
Shafter arrived on the morning train
from San Francisco and was met by
a committee of Union and Confederate
veterans. At 10 qfclock the ladies of the
Red Cross Society gave the general a
' reception at which a musical pro
gramme was rendered and speeches j
made by Captain F. J. Cressey and
Hon. Will Harris. A parade was then
formed and marched through the prin
cipal streets, General Shafter and staff
being in carriages. At Hazard* Pa-
Villon, after the parade a reunion of i
the blue and gray was held and a re- j
ception to General Shafter and staff.
The Chamber of Commerce then enter
tained the guests at a luncheon. Exer
cises were held 10-night.
STOCKTON, Feb. 22.— Flags were
flying here to-day in commemoration I
of the birth of George Washington, j
Some of the business houses were closed
;irid no business was done in the Court
house. The schools all were closed and
churches and lodges notably the Ma
sons, had entertainments this evening.
The weather was perfect.
WOODLAND, Feb. 22.— The anni
versary of Washington's birthday was
generally observed in Woodland. The
schools, banks and county offices were
closed all day. The Postolflce observed
Sunday hours. Nearly all the business
houses closed at noon.
SONOMA, Feb. 22. — Washington's
birthday was celebrated here with the
.closing of the bank, the Postoffice, the
High School and other publje build
ings. In the evening Sonoma Parlor.
Native Sons of the Golden West, gave
a literary entertainment and hop, which
■was attended by many prominent peo
ple. __^
SOCIETY OF HAPPY
BADGERS CELEBRATES
SAN JOSE. Feb. 22.— The Society of
Happy Badgers, composed entirely of
Wlsconsinites residing in Santa Clara
County, held its annual reunion and din
ner at the St. James Hotel this after
noon. About 200 Badgers were present and
the occasion was thoroughly enjoyed.
These annual events are looked forward
to with great interest and guests attend j
from all over the county.
The reunion was held in the entertain
ment hall. Here handshakes and intro
ductions took place and anecdotes and
stories of their native State were told.
A musical and literary programme was
rendered. Dr. M. A. Southworth spoke
on "Milwaukee in the Fifties," and E. A.
Hayes on "Badgers as American Citi
zens"; Dr. G. F. Witter, "Reminiscences
of the Pineries"; Colonel W. C. Bailey,
"Badgers as Fighters." Profossor C. H.
Allen, J. D. Rudford and Byron Millard
delivered short talks. Mrs. Matthews,
Miss Chapman and Mr. and Mrs. R. J.
Butler rendered musical selections and
Mrs. Rice a recitation.
A feast followed the exercises, at which
toasts were responded to by a number of
the "Wisconsinites.
RUDY.ARD KIPLING HAS
INFLAMMATION OF LUNGS
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— Rudyard Kip
ling is seriously ill In this city at the
Hotel Grenoble. He Is suffering from in
flammation of the lungs. His doctors,
however, hope that with his strong con
stitution he will be able to pull through
all right. '.
The following bulletin was issued this
afternoon at 2 o'clock by his physicians,
Drs. Janeway and Dunham: "Mr. Kip
ling has an inflammation of the right lung.
This produces the usual fever. .There are
at present no complications."
Mrs. Kipling said that her husband was
apparently perfectly well until Monday
evening, when he went out to dinner and
came back complaining of cold and fever.
It was not until last night that thiß was
discovered to be inflammation of the
lungs. _
MINERS ENTOMBED
BY SLIDING SNOW
DENVER. Feb. 22.— A special to the
Times from Silver Plume, Colo., says an
other snowslide occurred there early this
morning, carrying away all the buildings
of the Seven Thirty mine, together with
several miners' cabins, and burying four
men, two of whom nave been rescued
alive. The other two have not been
found and are supposed to be dead. They
are:
BEN NELSON.
JOHN ANDERSON.
The two who were rescued are Peter
Olsen and David Fltzpatrlck. They were
badly Injured and are suffering severely
from the shock.
The men were miners and lived in cab
ins on the Seven Thirty and Dunderburg
FRIENDS HELPED HIM
BREAK INTO PRISON
James Donohue Petitions Judge Mogan to Send
Him to Jail and the Court Favors Him.
San Francisco, Feb. 14, 1899.
To Hon. Judge Mogan — Dear
Sir: Mr. James Donohue, carpet
layer by trade, has been drink
ing heavily for some tim« and
wants to try and reform, but
it seems that he has passed the
point where he can control him
self. We think it would be a
just and kind act to detain him
for sixty days and let him try
and mend his ways. iTours re
spectfully,
W. L. WORDEN,
. G. H. TAYLOR,
JONES & CO.,
BARNER & KEHLENBERT,
M. F. HEYFRON.
The above is an unusual document,
considering that the principal there
in drew it with hla own pen and then
secured the signature thereto. Don
ohue had been drfnking heavily, as
the document attests. He could not
reform, as is further set forth, and
decided that a prison cell would
work results equally as good ac any
"booze" institute. So he set about
getting- himself into jail. The oc
cupation of keeping out of jail year
ly interests a goodly percentage of
our population. Pickpocket Piggott,
of course, being among those ex
cepted, but when the public is forced
to witness the efforts of a man try
ing to break into Jail it simply tilts
back on its chair and awaits re
sults. Donohue is game, however.
He wanted to go to jail and he went,
but he hasn't been back since.
A few days ago a young man. If
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBETJART 23, 1899.
mines. The slide started at 4:30 a. m.
at the head of Brown Gulch and ran
right over the Seven Thirty mine and
partly across the Dunderburg. The min
ers who were burled under the snow were
caught asleep in their cabins. An alarm
was quickly given and a rescuing party
at once began digging for bodies.
B'NE B'RITH OFFICERS
ENJOY A BANQUET
REPRESENTATIVE GATHERING
AT THE PALACE.
Officials, Deputies and Committees
Named by Sig Sichel, the New
President of the Order.
As a close to the session of the Dis
trict Grand Lodge of the Independent
Order of B'ne B'rith there was a ban- m
quet last night in the conservatory of the
Palace Hotel, and the following named
were around the artistically arranged
table to discuss the gastronomical feast
that was prepared for them: Sig Sichel.
I. J. Aschheim, I>. L. Solomons, Ed
Tauszky, Wallace A. Wise, S. Myerson,
A. Elkus, M. A. Levlson. Cecil Bauer, D.
Cohn, J. Bamberger, Max Warschauer. L.
Friedlander, Rev. J. Nieto, J. Wollner,
B. Schloss, Max Goldberg, Marcus Rosen
thai, C. H. Friendly, Jacob Greenebaum.
Rev. Jacob Voorsanger, Sol Levy, Her
man Gutstadt, H. Mauser, M. P. Stein,
H. .Enkel, Joseph. Rothschild, 8. Hoch
etadtter, Henry Schwartz, B. Harris, J.
Neuman and J. Platschek.
Lucius L. Solomons was Introduced as
the toastmaster, and after the black cof
fee had been brought on he proposed the
first toast, "Our Guests, the Grand Offi
cers," in whose honor the banquet was
given. This was responded to by the re
cently elected president of the order, Slg
Sichel of Portland, men followed toasts
in the following order, with appropriate
responses, a number of them being mas
terpieces of after-dinner oratory: "Our
Country," Rev. Jacob Voorsanger; "Our
Order, Junior P.ast President H. Gut
stadt; "Our Judges," Joseph Roths
child; "Current Events," Ed Tauszky;
"Our Lodges," Wallace A. Wise; "Kx
pansion." Rev. J. Nieto; "The North-,
west," Cecil Bauer; "The Open Door." A.
Elkus; "Our Country Cousins, M. I*.
Stein, past grand president; "Our Past
Grand Presidents," J. Greenebaum, and
"The Administration," I. J. Aschheim,
grand secretary.
The party broke up at a late hour with
best wishes for the prosperity of the
The following Is a list of the appoint
ments that have been made by the new
president:
Grand Orator— D. Solis Cohen.
Credentials— Manheim Marks, I. P. Strass
bureer Joseph Hlmch.
Finance— H. P. Bush, L. Lipmann, Philip
Flatow.
Laws— A. Kollmann, David Cohen, M. L.
Asher. . _ _ .
Legislation— Edmund Tauszky, Alex J. Hart,
I. Cohnreich, Hugo K. Asher, Julius Baro-
burger
Mileage—Charles Friendly, Morltz Manasses,
Eli Schwartzbaum, Philip Stern.
Youths' Auxiliary — Leon Goldstein. Ell
Schwartzbaum, J. Neuman, H. Frtedlander,
E. H. Morris.
State of the Order— Jul Mayer. Eugene W.
Levy Alb. Elkus, L. Bernstein, Bert Kahn.
Library— H. Enkle. W. A. Wise, M. Gold
berg.
Intellectual Advancement— J. Nieto, H. Ru
bin H. Mauser, S. H. Simon, Albert Graupe.
Abraham Jonas, C. H. Bauer, A. S. Rosentbal,
N Goodman, D. Germanus. Isaac Norton, M.
Morris, A. Auerbach, Elkan Morgenstern,
Abraham Simon, H. Rich. William Goodfrlend,
William Cohen. Aaron Wash, H. Gutßtadt. S.
Sllverstone, William Gelst, I. Stein, I. Coon,
M Goldman, Joseph L. Jonas. A. Livingstone,
Rudolph Schiller. Jacob Shanlanker, Sol Levy.
Special committee on ritual— M. Friedlander,
M. S. Levy. H. Rich. ,
• District deputies— San Francisco: Monday a
lodges. Ben Schloss of Occidental 345: Tuesday's
lodges. Sol J. Levy of Unity 273: Wednesday's
lodges. Jacob Wollner of California 163; Thurs
day's lodges, Marcus Levy of Ophir 21.
Sacramento, Mom S. Lavinson; Portland, S.
Julius Mayer; Stockton, I. F. Stein; Oakland,
Marcus Jonas; Mary-Bville, Sol Levlck; San
Diego, Simon Levy; Reno. Sol Jacobs; Buttc.
11. Jonas; Grass Valley, I. Haas.
"Keith's." Come one, come all. •
a man of 30 can be called young, ap
peared in Judge Mogan's court. He
was about "half shot" and after a
nervous glance around approached
the bench. Judge Mogan took from
his hands the petition and after
catching his breath aaked where
Donohue could be found. "I am the
man you want," said the owner of
the petition, and Judge Mogan again
reached for air. The court said
nothing; his soul was too full of
emotion for words. Motioning to the
bailiff lie handed him the petition,
waved his hand in the direction of
Donohue and gasped "Twenty-four
hours." Donohue was led away by
the bailiff to a cell, content. By
this time Judge M'ogan had recov
ered and informed the bailiff that in
event Donohue wanted .more he was
again to be brought before the court
and sentence would be forthcoming.
Donohue evidently had his fill, how
ever, for when the cell door opened'
for him he lit out and has not re
turned. Although an appetite for
the demon rum that is past control
is not to be desired, it is regarded
by many as preferable to a prison
cell, and this Donohue doubtless
discovered. Hence his absence.
The story of Donohue's success
ful effort to break into jail has its
pathetic as well as humorous
phases. He is the brother of David
Donohue, who was shot and killed
during the duel between Martin
Kelly and Billy Harrington, which
occurred some' ten years ago in the
Republican county committee rooms.
The murdered man was but a spec
tator, not a participant in the fight,
and when his brother, who peti
tioned the court to be sent to jail,
looked upon his body in the public
charnel house, he was a changed
man. From a life of sobriety and
regularity he turned to drink and
now, when remorse of conscience
seized him, he went to his friends
and they signed the document that
closed upon him temporarily a
prison door.
"IS GEORGE
WASHINGTON A
BACK NUMBER?"
Ringing Oration of H.
E. Highton-
PATRIOTISM AT TABERNACLE
Y. M. I. DAY CELEBRATED WITH
ENTHUSIASM.
The Necessity of Upholding the Con
stitution Insisted Upon— Work
of the Order at the '
Front.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22.— Th© Tabernacle
was crowded to-night, the occasion be
ing the celebration of Y. M. I. day by
Counclls Nos. 6, 8 and 31 of the Young:
Men's Institute. Chairman W. V. Har
rington In a few preliminary remarks
paid a tribute to George Washington and
to the progress which his patriotism made
possible. He referred to the fact that
Colonel James Smith, Father MoKinnon
and others of the institute had fully up
held the motto of the order, "Pro deo,
pro patria," on the battlefields of the
Philippines.
Miss Agnes Fitton and Miss Marlon Fit
ton, two young ladits, were encored for
some very clever violin and piano work.
A. C. Read, James J. Rosborough, Miss
Irene Lenoir, Miss Hattie Savage and
George P. Clark supplied a very appro
priate programme of recitation and song.
Hon. Henry E. Highton delivered the
oration of the evening, taking for his
theme "Expansion — Is Washington a
Back Number?" He said in brief:
"This question involves our Institutions
and our constitution. What are the star 3
and stripes of our flag if they are not
the symbols of the principles which
Washington represented? Destroy the
principles of the constitution and what
does that flag represent? I confess that
when 1 read that some members of Con
gress in 1599 said that Washington
lived In a different age and that his pre
cedents are not for us, the true citizen
rebels and rises In denunciation of such
sentimentß. Our subject embraces the ac
quisition of the Philippine Isiands with
its nine or ten millions of barbarous
hordes, Incapable of being raised to the:
dignity of American citizenship. Our dec
laration declares that all men are cre
ated equal— that includes the Filipinos—
and are endowed with certain Inalienable
rights.
One of these rights is that of being
governed by a government deriving its
power from the will of the governed. We
declined to be governed except with our
consent. We fought one of the greatest
wars in history with Washington at our
head because of our belief in this prin
ciple. We were either right or wrong.
We cannot treat the Filipinos as we re
■ fused to be treated or else we attack the
i fundamental principles of our existence
as a nation. This would, of course,
be unconstitutional, and so we are told
that the constitution framed in the con
vention of which George Washington was
President is a back number.
"That constitution, like the Ten Com
mandments, is eternal as eternity itself.
When Washington and those other great
men framed the constitution they had
before them the example of the Roman
Empire and what led to its downfall, and i
they were guided thereby. Washington I
did not contemplate what we have seen
during the past year. He never dreamed
that attempts would be made to over- :
ride the constitution without even the
pretense of an amendment. And not a
single sentiment of George Washington
was not reiterated and held Inviolate by '
the great Lincoln.
"Uncle Sam needs no British alliance
to secure to him a fair share of the !
trade and the profits of the Pacific. He ;
needs no "open door," which is but the
British invitation to the American fly to
enter John Bull's parlor. I would like
to hear from some of our budding states
men of one scintilla of Justification in
the constitution for the acquisition of
such territory— the Philippines, with mil
lions of a mongrel horde. Should we an
nex the Philippines nothing can prevent
any or all of these Filipinos from coming j
to "any other part of the United States.
Capitalists, hunting cheap labor, might
find a way, but the constitution can np\vr I
do it. We have no provision that would j
enable us to establish colonial govern- j
ments or to annex Asiatic territory and
Asiatic hordes."
MIDWEEK MENTION OF
PLAYS AND MUSIC
"The Sign of the Cross" continues the
principal topic cf discussion among the
play-goers, and the Columbia Theater will
prosper serenely as long as the discussion
lasts. From both scenic and histrionic
points of view the production is admira
ble, but the play itself is nothing better
than a sensational caricature of Chris
tianity and decency. It will" run the r«st
of this and all of next week.
About the most satisfactory entertain
ment in the town is offered in the Tivoli,
where a good stock company is giving a
good performance of "Madeleine, or the
Magic Kiss," a recent comic opera of
more than usual merit.
The revival of "The Girl I Left Behind
Me" Is making out a lively week at the
Alcazar.
The introduction of several new turns
makes the Orpheum bill much cleverer
than it was last week. The cleverest of
the newcomers are J. K. Murray ana
Clara Lane, who present a unique comic
opera skit.
The last symphony concert of the sea
son will be given in the Orpheum this aft
ernoon, when Dvorak's symphony. The
New World," will form the chief item of
the programme. In consequence of un
expected delay in transit, copies of Tscha
lkowaky's "Pathetique Symphony, which
waa announced for this concert, failed to
arrive In time for rehearsal, and a change
of programme became necessary. The sec
ond half of the concert will be devoted to
the works of Wagner, including the pre
lude to the third act of "The Meistersing
er"- Siegfried's funeral march, from
"Ootterdammerung," and the overture to
"Tannhauser."
After almost a week of darkness the
Comedy Theater will be reopened Satur
day night by John L. Sullivan, the re
formed pugilist, and a company of vaude
ville players.
For her engagement of one week at the
California Theater, beginning next Mon
day evening. Nance O'Nell will present
the following repertoire: Monday and
Thursday evenings, 'Magda ; Tuesday
and Sunday nights, the new East
Lynne." Miss O'NeiL appearing here for
the first time as Lady Isabel; Wednesday,
"Ingomar": Friday. "The Jewess ; Sat
urday matinee, "Camille 1 ; Saturday
night, "Oliver Twist." Treasurer . Louis
A Morgenstern of the California Theater
is to be tendered a complimentary benefit
at that houae on Friday evening when
the Black Patti Troubadours will give
some special features. A large house will
testify to Mr. Morgenstern s popularity.
Another amateur ballet at the Chutes
to-night. Why not try • something:new
an amateur cake-walk, for instance?
Pickpockets at Work.
During the police parade yesterday
'morning pickpockets mingled with the
crowd and actively plied their vocation.
Miss Mary McGowan, 9^ Laske street,
reported at the Southern station that
while standing at Market street and
Golden Gate avenue a young man stole
her purse which contained $15 In gold, $1
in silver and two keys. He ran into
Kapp & Street's saloon and she chased
him, but he disappeared through the exit
into Golden Gate avenue and was lost to
sight.
IROQUOIS CLUBS
RENEW PLEDGES
TO DEMOCRACY
Annual Convention of
State League.
ENCOURAGING REPORTS READ
GEORGE H. CABANISS ELECTED
GRAND SACHEM.
Will Celebrate the Semi-Centennial
of the Party's Organization in
California — Delegates Ban
quet in the Evening.
The State League of Iroquols Clubs as
sembled in annual conference yesterday
morning at Pythian Castle. Besides a
renewal of the pledge of loyalty to Dem
ocratic principles, the members trans-
GRAND SACHEM IROQUOIS LEAGUE.
GEORGE H. CABANIS3.
acted considerable important business
which will have a direct bearing on the
welfare of the party.
When Grand Sachem John C. Ruddock
called the hundred or more delegates to
order at 11 o'clock the following repre
sentatives were given credentials by
Grand Secretary Larry J. Welch upon
answering to their names:
Officers— John C. Ruddock, grand sachem:
George H. Cabanlss, vice grand sachem; Louis
Mptzger, grand treasurer; L. J. Welch, grand
secretary.
Past sachems- James J. Flynn, Charles Gil
dea, A. D. Lemon, Thomas J. Walsh.
Club sachem— T. J. Crowley.
Martinez— R. H. Latimer, A. A. Bailey, A.
J. McMahon, E. B. Anderson, D. Carrigan.
Stockton— James Byrne Jr., G. A. Murphy,
V*. M Gibson Jr., John McCann.
San Rafael— E. Hayden, M. Herzog, E. Con
nell. S, Herzog, Frank Healey.
Sacramento — Frank Lyman, Peter Flaherty,
John R. Avis.
San Francisco— William J. Bryan, Fred A.
Baldwin, Jeremiah Deasy, J. H. Dlgnan. M.
H. Meade.
Onedla Club, San Francisco— James McClos
key, Charles Burns, Fred Raabe.
Ninth Assembly District— J. B. Sanford, Sam
Blodes. F. M. Mason, George D. McPhee.
Eleventh Assembly District— R. H. Beamer,
E. E. Leake. C. F. Spaulding.
Nineteenth Assembly District— E. McGettl
gan, George Roe.
Twenty-fourth Assembly District— John Con
way, W. D. Burpee, R. H. Caven.
Thirtieth Assembly District— John A. Brown,
Thomas A. Burns, Dr. E. Thiele, W. A. Ste-
P Thirty-third Assembly District— W. M. Can
non, W. C. Harrington, John Riley, George R.
Thirty-sixth Assembly District— Edward I.
Coffey. John Kavanaugh, Otto H. Mohr. Max
Popper. Hu Jones.
Thirty-seventh Assembly District— J. H. Zfcm
ansky.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District — H. L.
Blenenfeld, P. H. Loughren, Clltus Barbour,
Abe Jacobs, Oscar Hocks.
Fortieth Assembly District— D. J. Gordon.
A committee on platforms and resolu
tions was the first order of business and
the chair appointed A. D. Lemon, Clitus
Barbour, Charles Glldea, Max Popper, T.
J. Crowley, Raleigh Bancar, George Roe,
P. A. Byrne, John McCann and A. Bailey.
After consultation the committee sub
mitted a declaration of principles; the
platform adopted at the Chicago conven
tion of 1896 was reaffirmed and fully in
dorsed; the early construction of the
Nicaragua canal and its ownership, by
the United States was recommended:
thanks were extended to the army and
navy for their distinguished services and
their signal victories on land and sea.
The resolution further recommended the
public ownership of public utilities; the
election of United States Senator by di
rect vote of the people; a policy of peace
with all nations, while scrupulously
maintaining the rights of our own Gov
ernment. The resolutions were adopted
in full.
A special committee, consisting of J.
Meado, Thomas Walsh, Max Popper, J.
R. Avis, A. J. McMahon. J. H. Zeman
sky, Joseph Gorman. W. M. Cannon, John
Kavanagh and E. Hayden. was appointed
for the purpose of extending the organ
ization by Assembly districts and ar
ranging for the celebration of the semi
centennial of Democracy's birth In this
State on October 25, 1899. The chair was
empowered to appoint a celebration com
mittee of fifteen, which will assume
charge of the entire matter. Ttje mem
bers will be appointed later and will con
fer with a similar committee already
chosen by the Iroquois Club of this city.
Grand Sachem John C. Ruddock of
Ukiah in his report explained- the plan
which was adopted last year to extend tht»
league and which provides for the forma
tion of an Iroquois lodge In each of the
eighty Assembly districts of the State.
Every club, when organized, is to send
five representatives to the annual State
conference. According to Grand Sachem
Ruddock the work is progressing well,
but is Very far from completion.
Grand Treasurer Louis Metzger's report
showed receipts of $157 30; disbursements.,
$69 25, leaving a balance of $8S 05.
On motion of Max Popper a new office
j to be known as State organizer was cre
ated, article IV of the constitution being
amended to that effect.
The election of officers to serve for the
cmulng year then took place. Grand
Sachem J. C. Ruddock was placed in
nomination In a eulogistic speech, but ne
withdrew In favor of the other nominee,
George H. Cabaniss, who was elected by
a rising vote. This last formality was
observed In the election of the other oi
ficers. who are as follows: Mcc grand
sachem. Frank Lvman of Sacramento.
State organizer. John C. Ruddock; grand
secretary. Lawrence J. Welch (re-elect
ed); grand treasurer, Louis Merger (re
elected): club sachems— B. B. Anderson or
Martinez, W. M. Gibson of Stockton. T. J.
Crowley of San Rafael. P. A. Byrne of
Sacramento, W. J. Bryan of San Fran
cisco. George Roe of Vallejo; Congres
sional district sachems— George S. aic-
Phee of First District. E. I. ood ]"£" . o i
Second District, Raleigh Barcar of Third
District, Clitus Barbour of Fourth
trlct and John Kavanaugh of Fifth Dis
trict.
After the auditing of bills which had
been incurred during the past year the
delegates were enterrtrltred by some ora
torical flights as to what were the best
methods to be followed to Insure Demo
cratic success, the general belief being
that organization rather than reorgan
ization of the party was essential. Max
Popper waxed eloquent over the coming
celebration of Democracy's birth in tne
State and urged the enlistment of every
Democrat in California in the cause.
Raleigh Barcar, Major E. Lewis. Judge
A. D Lemon. J. C. Ruddock and Charles
Gildea followed In a similar strain, and
the convention adjourned until next
Washington's birthday. «,„♦__
In the evening the visiting delegates
were the guests of the Iroquois Club of
this city at a banquet given at
Delmonico's. over which Judge R° b frt
Ferral presided. Covers were laid for 150.
An address of welcome was delivered by
L. F. Byington. and toasts were respond
ed to as follows:
"George Washington." James H. Barry;
"The Army and Navy," James V. Cole
man; "Municipal Progress," Mayor James
D. Phelan; "Democracy," Hugh K.
Asher; "California," J. Early Craig;
"The Judiciary." Judge Fletcher A. Cut
ler; "The Iroquois," J. C. Ruddock; "The
Ladles," George Cabaniss.
Congratulatory telegrams were read
from William J. Bryan and James G. Ma
guire, who were attending the Virginia
Association banquet, last night, and from
Robert B. Smith, Governor of Montana.
Gives a Dinner to Children.
The Mothers' Progressive Club, an or
ganization of mothers which meets
monthly at the Stanford kindergarten
rooms, corner Twenty-ninth and Mission
streets, celebrated Washington's birthday
by giving the children of the kindergarten
a dinner on Tuesday. After brief pat
riotic exercises about eighty-five children
were seated at the long tables in the
prettily decorated room, which wus
bright with our national colors. While
the dinner was in progress the children
were photographed. The waitresses were
older girls dressed in quaint costumes of
red, white and blue.
■ Photographs of paintings and
groups that are being finished to
commemorate vie glorious deeds of
the war, in next Sunday's Call.
6AN FRAINCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:10 o'clock.
W7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
(21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
(15 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until t o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
1526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner { Twenty-second and Kentucky
>trept»: open until 9 o'clock
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. L F. and A. jT^-
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAT)_JV_
EVENING. Feb. 23. at 7:30 o'clock, for^Cjf
degrees. By order of the Master. . /^r >
FRANKLIN H. DAT. Secretary.
LA . PARFAITE Union Lodge No. 17. »
F. and A. M.— Called meeting; F*RI-_ .
DAT, Feb. 24. First deg. By order of lT Jf
the VT. m. r\r\
P. DE ST. JULLIEN. Secretary.
SOUTH Bun Francisco Lodge No. 212, •
F. and A. M., meets THIS (THURS- _JV_
DAY), at 7:30 o'clock p. m., for third TLJt
degree. Master Masons Invited. By/Vi
order of the Master. •
v : • .E. C. HARE, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M , m
Masonic Temple— Called meeting THIS 'Mm.
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 73'j^rlF
■o'clock. Second Degree. Sojourning '^r>
S brethren are Invited. By order of the W M
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary. '
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O .^1,,~~-
O. F.— There will be initiation
THURSDAY EVENING, Febru-^^^
ary 23, 1899. Visiting brothers in- -"••- ' *
vited. • - JOHN STEVENSON. N. O
DR. F. P. ASH WORTH. Rec. Sec.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v «TvT
meets THIS (THURSDAY) KVK.\-iX||
ING, Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell S»Vl»sf
St.. at S o'clock. Action on amend- fLjlf
ments to constitution. Smoker follows
GEORGE W. S -R?c O o y r a d'er Chlef -
ANNUAL meeting— The fegular annual meet-
lng of the stockholders of the Wittram Pro-
■ peller Company will be held at their office
327 Market St.. San Francisco. California on
, WEDNESDAY, the eighth day of March
. 1899, at the hour of ; 3 p. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction' of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. CHARLES A. HUG. Sec.
Office. 327 Market St., -San Fran<-'!<co. Cali-
fornia, v! . : .-.,'. , . v
ANNUAL meeting— regular annual meet-
ing ;of the stockholders of ■ the WESTERN
BEET SUGAR COMPANY will be held at th«
office of the company. 327 Market st.. San
Francisco. California. on WEDNESDAY, the
Ist day of March, 1599, : at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for. the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. -'-
Transfer books will close on Saturday. Feb-
V ruary 25, 1899. at. 12 o'clock m. . . .
ROBT. OXNARD. Secretary.
DIVIDEND AOTICL.S.
dtvide\D Notice. — Dividend No. 90 (fifty
cents ver share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Ssi^ti^l as «s
N K^r \f£ close on Thursday.
February 23, W at SHELDON. Secretary.
~~~ SPECIAL NOTICES.. -V
CO 41S Montgomery St., rooms 9-10,- tel. dSTO.
SITUATIONS WANTBD-FEJULB^
erences; city or country; $10 to $la. MISS
CULLEN. 325 SutteT st. ,
'■VFAT second girl desires situation; best of
N ggLgjjfTJs CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Swedish cook. **_?_. "'lf^
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT as CO..
816 Sutter. St. - - ,
■SCOTCH girl Protestant, good cook, wishes
S hou__woS or second work; best referents.
MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkln St.; tel. Sutter ■■>-
Mmm f-AGED lady from Germany desires
M S «M housek 7 PC ' f ch^ld™"
gentleman or elderly couple; nc •children
Call 10261. Washington St., in forenoon till
11 o'clock and after 5 p. m.
WANTED by competent middle-aged woman,
a position in a nice family -to .do light house-
work: no objection to children, or as wo *
Ing housekeeper. Please call at 563 Natoma.
ELDERLY woman wants situation for house-
work; city or country; "Si
crate wages; good home. 1065 Market, opp.
Jones, rjoom 21; no postals. p
EASTERN woman wishes situation: good l cook.
baker and laundress, or housework; Protest-
ant; references. Address Cook. 610 Larkin St.,
branch office Call. __ - .
COMPETENT woman as first-class cook and
will do some washing and will go a short
distance In country; good references. 208
Fifth st. . ■
GERMAN woman wishes situation for house-
work, assist in cooking or chamberworK.
wages $15. 505 Eighth St.. near Bryant.
BY young married woman. Position as house-
keeper; city or country. MRS. E. UilAi.
Peralta P. P.. Alameda County. Cal. __
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
and housekeeper, wishes position; city or
country. Box 315, Call. ____________
AN elderly woman wants a situation as plain
cook or light housework: Is clean, neat ana
reliable. 1231 Market, bet. Bth and 9th. rm. 18.
YOUNG girl wishes to do housework. Mission.
preferred. Call 3902 Twenty- fourth st.
SWEDISH girl wants place; housework. Call
or address 976 Cypress St., West Oakland.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position to -do
general housework. 19 Morris aye.
WANTED— By a man and wife with a boy 5
years old. a place in the country; wife a first-
class cook; man to do garden work, take car*
horses and milk cows; good references. Ad-
dresa box 367, Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS American cook, with good ref-
erences, wishing a situation to go to the
country; wages $30. Address 748 Howard St.,
bet. Third and Fourth.
AN experienced ' < German nurse, confinement
and other sickness, desires engagements: best
rets.; terms reas. Nurse, 115 Eighth st.
A GERMAN woman wishes a situation In
small family to do general . housework. Ap-
ply 227 Hayes st.
GOOD chambermaid wishes position. Call 317
Page st. _____
FRENCH girl wants position to do chamber
work and sewing. Address 1030 Howard st.
YOUNG woman wants any kind of work by
the day. Apply 727V2 Natoma. bet. Sth and 9th.
COMPETENT woman wishes a few engage-
ments giving massage treatments to ladles
only at their o»-n homes. Add, box 295. Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MLAI,_3." : }'-
A— WESTERN Labor Bureau, 641 Clay St., tel..
Green 681. furnishes reliable male or female
help, any nationality, free of charge.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. QEO. AOKI. 80 Geary St.; tel Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.: tel.. East 43*.
GARDENER desires situation: industrious,
temperate, ■ polite, understands milking,
chickens: careful driver; wages, ' $20 per
month; references. Address box 3^2. Call.
BY a young man capable of taking care of
horses, cows, garden; good driver and making
all kinds of repairs on harness, etc.; March 1; •
good references. Box 314, Call office.
SITUATION by neat young man about place
or any other kind of work for small wages;
best city references. Box • 316, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener; steady man; will
be generally useful. Add. Uno. box 318, Call.
GARDENER, practical experience, . will take,
charge of gentleman's private garden; under-
stands laying out of new grounds, renovation
of old grounds, also greenhouse fruit anJ
vegetable culture for profit and pleasure, Box
,823, Call office, Oakland.
COOK wishes, situation; city or country; eco-
nomical and conscientious; married; now em-
ployed; 12 years' experience; references. Ad-
dress box. 306, Call office. •
COMPETENT man. with horse and covered ■ '
wagon, desires employment: willing to take
an agency; work reasonable. Address H. X.,
Frultvale postofflce, Alameda County, Cal
COLORED man wants a altuatlon as head cook;
sober and steady man; good all-around pastry
I and meats. Address H. A.. 1006 Clay at., rm. 6.
' FIRST-CLASS cheese maker wishes a position.
Box 369, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS electrician, open to engagement:
plant work a specialty. Address box 256, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 60 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WAATUU- — KBUALK.. ■
i WAITRESS, ' first-class country hotel. $20; I
waitresses, same country hotel, $20; ranch
cook, woman with a child, $15; housework
girls, cooks, etc. MURRAY A READY. 634
and 636 Clay at.
A COLORED cook; $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter at. ■ ■■ ' ■
COOK. $40; waitress, $15 per month: German
second girl, $25. . MISS CULLEN. 325 Batter.
NURSE girl, $10; easy place. MISS CULLEN,
325. Sutter st. . : .
MIDDLE-AGED woman as working house-
keeper. $10. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
2 COOKS Jewish families. $30 and $33: charr i-
bermaid', $15; ranch cook. $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. " " '■' . '
NEAT young girl, light housework. $15; cham-
bermaid and laundress. $25; 12 housework
girls city and country, $20 and $25. 8 young
girls! assist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter ' at. : ' ;■ ■ " .- ' ■ - ■*"
WORKING housekeeper. $20; 6 hotel and board-
ing house waitresses, $20 and $15 each. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ■
TWO restaurant waitresses. $5 and $6 per weak
each; 8 second girls, $15. $20, $25; 2 nurses, $20
and $25; housework, San Rafael, $25: Oak-
land. $20: Berkeley. $20. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter at. ". ■- *-
C. R-. HANSEN & CO...... Telephone Grant 185
' 4 waitresses, different country hotels, $20 and
$22 60; 2 waitresses for depot hotels, $20 and -
$22 50; 2 waitresses, city, $20: 2 chambermaid*
to wait, $20: 2 lunch and dinner " waitresses, •
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. .
2 WAITRESSES for first-class country hotel, ■
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NURSERY " governess. -to teach English
branches, music 'and either French or Ger-
man, $25, see party here. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
GIRL for general housework In the mines, $30;
waitress and seamstress, $25; 2 second girls,
$20; 6. cooks in American -and German famil-
ies," $25 and $30; ranch cook, $20; and girls for
cooking and i housework in city and country.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. '
LAUNDRESS, Institution, $30; 4 waitresses,
hotels and restaurants, $20. $5 and $6 week;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st. ..
SECOND girl, $20; 2 nurseglrls. $15; 8 girls
for housework. MRS. HIRD. 631 Larkin st.
GERMAN girl for general housework and cook-
ing;" 3 in family; washing given out. ; Call
between 9 and 12 a. m.; 2222 California st.
WAITRESS . who understands checking; none
other. BOOTHBY'S Restaurant, 223 Leav-
; enworth st. ; , ' .
GIRL wanted to do general housework, plain
cooking, small family; wages $12. 1216>£ Gol-
den Gate aye. . ';..■■_> .
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
shirts at GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICH-
ELS, 631 Mission St. ■: . --.■"•■. . " --.
GERMAN girl, good cook and baker; $25. 10 to
12 a. m.. 926. Grove st. . " - .
OPERATOR on custom pants. . 541 Market st.
GIRL wanted : for I general housework, 819
Greenwich at. *.
TATLORESS on vests. V 235 Natoma it. V
- - ->:-•■:: ■■■■•'- ■:■ -■ -"' HELP W Continued.
MAKERS wanted at 1323 Stockton st. New
\ . York Millinery.
• TAILORESS as pants finisher. Room 18, top
floor. ."■■-, Kearny st.
. GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats and
buttonholes. 123 Russ st.
TAIE/3RESS.on vest at 109 Grant aye.. room
25"; first-class only.
"APPRENTICES wanted on custom coats; pay
• • while learning. 410 Kearny st., room 33.
j YOUNG lady, not over 20. to sell cosmetics la
• the country; good salary. Apply between
■ 18. and 12 a. m.. 40 Geary st. *
• APPRENTICES for hair work at G. LEDER-
s ER'S. 123 Stockton st.
GIRL between 15 and 16 to assist In house-
, work and mind baby. Apply .'l5 Gough st,
! WANTED— A young girl for general house-
wprk. 731 Green St.. near Mason.
V, - " HELI' \VA.\T_O HAiE.
1 MURRAY & READY Telephone Man 5845.
- ......Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
•' want TO-DAY
.• 125 tie makers Be, 9c, 10c and 12c each
«5 woodchoppers $3 to $1 cord
15 laborers for a large company.. s26 and found
10 men- to work in hop 3-ards $30
■ 9 , farm hands 5 dairymen
' German cabinet maker, country
' 2 stablemen, city and country $25 and found
■Carpenter $2 50 a day
' -_^_L £__________ 634 and 638 Clay st.
■ GERMAN cook, country hotel, $50, see boss I
here; '5 cooks, different places, $30 to $50; 6
1 -waiters; different places. $25 and $20 and
• , found. MURRAY & READY.* 634 and 636
■ Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & C 0.:.... Telephone Grant ISS
' Cook, railroad depot, $50. see boss here: head
and second cook, country hotel. XJS and $35-
-■ cook, country hotel. $40; head waiter $63;
- colored waiter. $30. C. R. HANSEN _ CO..
■ 104 Geary st.
RANCH foreman. $30; rough carpenter, ranch,
$1 a. day and board: man and wife, $35; labor-
: ers, city. $1 75 a day. c. R. HANSEN A- CO.,
104 Geary st.
J CORRESPONDENT and office manager; must
be familiar with export trade and commis-
• sum business; for a wholesale house: $150. t0
start. Apply in person to C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
. PASTRY baker, $60: this morning; very nic«
place; French waiter, $40. C. R. HANSEN _
CO.. 104 peary st.
ASPHALT miner to go East, $3 50 a day. C.
R. HANSEN _ CO.. I'M Geary st.
"WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. $3 day; Italian
man about place. $25; coachman who can run
gasoline engine. $25; 10 railroad" tie makers.
11 cents;, and others. Apply to J. F. CRO-
V SETT A CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— First-class butler. $40: restaurant
cook, $S week: restaurant waiter, $40: dish-
washers and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
' • ■& CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
■SECOND cook, $35; porter and runner, $20;
dishwasher and vegetableman. $2'>: kitchen
man. $15: man and- wife, cooks, $60, country
• " hotels. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— Boy about 16: help drive bakery
.-, wagon; wages $6 month and found. Call
| 1117 Howard st.
' BLACKSMITH for whaling cruise on steamer.
. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
." WANTED— pants maker In Visalia. L.
CLAR.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1245 Kentucky St.,
Potrero.
■WANTED — Bootblack in barber shop; young
■ , man preferred. 779 Market st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 613 Clay st.
BOY wanted general blacksmithing. 1221 Web-
., . ster st.
COMPETENT man or woman for full charge
• ' of coffee house. 836 Valencia.
' RARE chance for watchmaker without tools.
' ■ PALMER. 46 Third St.
. • ' HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
'v to 50c: $1 to $3 per week.
••" TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
' slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
. St.. bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
' that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 130 large
'rooms, Be per night: $1 to $3 per week.
10 MEN to go en whaling cruise: no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Broad-
way and Devlsadero Bt. ' •■
GET your shoes half-soled while' waitirur, 35c
to BOc. 562 Ml— St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BARBERS' Progressive fn! free .employ-
m*t. H. Bernard. Se<?., 104 7th.; tel Jessie 1164.
SEATTLE HOUSE. 106 V; Third— Furnished
roqms 25c t0. 50c day: $1 25 to $3 week.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. J. SCHNEIDER. Act. Sec.. 325 Grant ay.
WANTED— to learn the barber trade for
$3 at 1542 Market ft.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
■■ Barber College, 13$*4 Eighth st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 7*44 Mission
st men to take rooms, He, 15c and 23c per
\ night: _ 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
'SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Lindftll House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
- soleing. 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms. 15c 20c. 25c per night; 73c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863H Market st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
' LANE'S, 504 Davis st.% near Jackson.
WANTED— To collect wffees due laborers and
.■ clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
'. SINGLE, furnished, fine. lar*e sunny and airy |
room. 25c - 'gilt. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st. j
TRY Acme House. 937 Market St., below Sixth,
fot a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. : __
■WINCHESTER Houee. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 ro*ms.|2se night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
• • AGENTS WANTED.
a OUR. new possessions, all about "The Philip-
pine" Hawaii, Puerto Rico and Cuba," 4
. bocks in one: illustrated: outfit free: agents
" coining money. Address NATIONAL PUB.
"".CO., Lakeside building. Chicago.
■ AGENTS: something new; big money. Call
9-12 a. m.. 2007 V» Flllmore st.
' AGENTS wanted for good paying medical busi-
ness. 223 Post St.. room
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre: best j
25c article on »arth- BROWN. 332 Bush st. j
~ — ROOMS WANTED.
TWO housekeeping rooms for man and wife;
' ,no children: reasonable. Box 317. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Two sunny rooms, one large, with
board by mother and son. Address box 342,
Call.
~~^~ WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
• CASH paid for boilers, engines, dynamoo.aha.ft-
' tog, pulleya, brass. SMITH CO.. 627 Mission.
LODGING houses FOR sale.
A FEW OF DECKER'S bargains.
46 rooms; corner, clears $250.. ............. 1.500
10 rooms; near City Hall: very g00d..... 400
•• 15 rooms; fine sunny corner: clears $100.. 500
12 rooms on Market; cxc. for large house 500 i
• iS rooms; best cor. in city: owner sick. 2.200 |
. ' ._ rooms; r«nt $80 (transient): half cash.. 1.060
■ FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
-..call on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. ;
. 15-ROOM house: clears <100 per month: owner
sick; price $350. DECKER. 1020 Market at.
W-ROOM cor. house to exchange for Oakland or
Alameda property. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A— KREDO A CO 22% Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses.
45 rooms; corner Market: best transient. sl,so9
10 rooms; Kearny: offices; a 5nap......... 2.200
• IS rooms: Third: clears $60 month... 559
17 rooms; boarding; new; cheap rent 1,150
12 rooms: Post; elegant residence 700
. 10 rooms; McAllister; clears $35 650
And others: call and get list. KREDO...
LODGING house of 40 rooms; beat paying house
In city; present owner 10 years: cheap rent;
• large "accommodations for hotel if desired:
must be disposed of at once on account of
other Business. Address box £10. Call office.
OWNERS of down-town. 20 years' established
hotel of 120 rooms want to make a quick sale;
an exceptional chance. A. M. SPECK A CO..
657 Market st.
WE have prices" from " $150 to $3600: 10 to 100
rooms. HARTLEY A CO.. 120* Market st.
■ $400— HALF cash: best bargain, in this city;
• investigate. HARTLEY _* CO., 1206 Market.
' *200— LODGING-HOUSE, 1« rooms; bargain: de-
parture. MCLAUGHLIN a CO.. 777 Market.
NINE rooms: all occupied: central: sell cheap;
rtnt reasonable. M.. box 819. Call office.
$200— FOR sale: rooming house of S rooms with
5 steady roomers: no agents. 654 Mission.
TURK, IJ7-17-rooJn lodging-house for sale;
parties going East; cheap. . - •■
5 A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. j
.'■ -, FURNITURE FOR SALE.
♦TroOMS furnished In oak f or $48 «>• "__•*_?-
I range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market. |
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SBSO— CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location in Mission, with flat of 4 rooms;
rent $30; good paying business;, partners to
dissolve. Call WILKE * UNFUG. 906 Markt.
A— S4OO— PORK and delicacy store, \ doing a
splendid business; living rooms; rent $12;
very best location in the Mission. Call
i WILKE _ UNF^G. 906 Market st.
! A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar on Post at.
established years and doing a good cash store
and bar business; fullest investigation solic-
ited; owner to engage in commission busi-
ness. Call on WILKE A. UNFUG, *0« Market.
$400; -SALOON; kept by present owner 5
years and doing a good business; best loca-
tion; close to Montgomery and California sta ;
owner sick; must sacrifice. WILKE & UN-
FUG. 906 Market St.
A— $800; CORNER saloon on Battery street? do
Ing a splendid business; rent $45; established
many years; large stock; patronised by mer-
chants and commission dealers. Call WILKE
I _ UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$500; HALF Interest in old established gro-
cery and bar on Third- St.; one partner must
leave en account of family affairs for the
East. WILKE _ UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— s4oo; BARREL route clearing $73 per month;
horse, wagon, furniture; O X investment.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
I $1400— CORNER grocery and bar; north of Mar-
ket at,; living rooms; more than value in
sight; bears investigation. M. LESS _ CO.,
' 765 Market st.
i $600— RESTAURANT: positively best part East
i st.; value in sight; business speaks for Itself;
this extraordinary offer holds good for 3 days
; only; don't tall to see. M. LESS. 765 Market.
$ISCO— HOTEL and bar, near ferry; 36 rooms;
present owner there for 10 years: bears' in-
vestigation. Apply M. LESS & CO., 765 Mkt.
) CIGAR' store, principal St.: wholesale
and retail; 3 living rooms: blace cheap at
$2000; beat bargain out. See M. LESS, ifc> Mkt.
WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
kind. Apply National Agency, 7 Gran-, aye.
$200— PARTNER wanted in old-established cash
business; will clear $75 per month to each; no
night or Sunday work; good chanc* for steady
man. Apply National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
i SALOON opposite Oakland ferry, $400
! cash; a snap. National Agency. 7 Grant a y.
'■ FOR — Cheap; saloons, groceri**, cigar
stores, restaurants. National Agency, 7
! Grant aye. ___________————
TO sell your business quick see us.
No charge till sale is made.
We have several good buyers.
Wanted— Manufacturing business.
Wanted— Boarding stable.
Wanted— A small business.
Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
1 S2CO— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
' steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week;
| no experience required. Western Investment
■ Co., i Geary st. * '
i $400— PARTNER wanted in light business; es-
tablished 8 years: $25 to $30 a week; trial
given; no experience required; must be sober.
reliable man. Western Investment Co., 9
Geary st. ■ - > -
i $1000 CIGAR store; wholesale and retail; doing
a business of $90 par day; selling on account
of sicknesg. McLAUGHLIN A CO.. 777 Market.
$2000— CORNER saloon, established 30 years;
present owner retiring from business, old ags
the cause; receipts $25 to $35 . dally. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
! TO buy, sell or exchange city and country
property quickly call on HARTLEY & CO..
1206 Market st. -
$225— PARTNER: adv. business; twice the
{ money in sight. HARTLEY & CO., 120^ Mrkt.
$200— PARTNER: estat). business; clears $73 mo.
to each. HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market st.
WANTED— Partner with $2000 for half Interest
in a strictly legitimate advertising medical
Institute business; established 6 years and
doing a monthly cash business of from $500 to
$600 per month, with expenses of $150; physi-
cian preferred: reasons for wanting to sell
halt interest, desire to expand the business;
full investigation solicited. Box '311, Call.
SPLENDID opportunity to buy barber shop in
mining town near Auburn. Apply 425 Steven-
son st.: top floor; call after 11 a. m.
AN old hotel man wants to rent furnished
saloon, with living rooms or lodging house.
I . Box 313. Call office.
I BARBER shop; country; investigate; few
weeks' trial given, . STOLTZ*. 630 Market st.
; CORNER grocery a.nd bar. Call 11 Foisom
i aye. . between Seventh and Eighth sts.
HALF price; branch bakery and coffee par-
lor if sold soon; renf $12." 1024 Larkln st.
$450— FOR sale; restaurant; present owner run-
ning 10- years. Apply Call office; no agents.
FRUIT store for .sales horse** wagon ; bargain.
1507 Turk St.:. ~" -, •- -
— FOR cash only: for sale, . one of the
best hotels in the city ofrOaWsndl 60- sunny
front rooms: house full all the time: reason
for selling, sickness of the proprietor; or
would take a rood partner with $3000 cash;
persons without money need not apply; no
agents for business. Address C. A. S. H..
Call office. Oakland.
$SOO— CORNER grocery and bar in Western
Addition: best cash trade. Apply 28 First
st. ; no agents.
MILLINERY store, well situated, doing well.
-$150- branch bakery and notions, 3 living
rooms, $175; saloons, $250, $400. $900. $1000, $1400.
$1500; liquor and wine house, $7500; liquor
store. $5500. The German- American, 112 Kearny.
17 000 SHARES non-assessable, fully paid min-
ing stock; par value $1 per share: no fake
mines; now. working: will sell shares for
$1 per 1000 shares; splendid for trading pur-
poses. MURRAY. 541 Clay st.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PURDT'3
brokerage office, 45 gutter Et., opposite Oc-
cidental Hotel; the latest New .York and
Chicago markets. .
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$25 a day; Eelling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 500 Haight at.; no agents.
$250— A LADY going East wishes to sell her
Interest In first-class dining room; partner a
reliable business man. Box 293. Call office.
COPPER mine locations for sale: Shasta. Coun-
ty. L. L. M. SALSBURY. 902 Brdy. Oakland.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee saloon for sale. 965 Mission st.. nr. «th.
A SALOON for sale at 16 Clay st. on account
of partner leaving. . . .
$325— WELL- PAYING restaurant in Rood lo-
cality; trial given: suitable for man and wife.
Inquire 637 Kearny St., room 3.
FOR sale— Complete outfit for baking French
bolly buns and waffles, with cart. B. X.,
■ 644 A Natoma st. '
I $125— BRANCH bakery and notions; 3 living
room*: low rent; bargain. Address G.. JOB 5
Sixteenth St. ■
FOR Sale— A bargain; first-class grocery stor»
In Mission district; cash; about $1000. Apply
at TILLMANN - BENDEL. 313-327 Battery.
GROCERY, wood, coal and feed business:
whole or separate; must M sold: cheap.
Northeast corner Dolores and Valley sts.
MERCHANDISE store stocks of anydescrtp.
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY, 22« Bush st. ,
SMALL restaurant for sale; retiring from
business owing to sickness. 839 Eighth st.
SMALL printing office; 1 press and 150 fonts
! of type; cheap. Address box 370, Call office.
FOR sale— Good-paying route; this paper. Par-
ticulars, call or address 219 Liberty, st.
FOR sale, cheap, 2-chair barber shop; 3 bath
rooms; country. ' Apply Call office.
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; cheap
rent: sell reasonable. 332 Bush st. -
SMALL beer saloon for sale; living rooms up-
stairs. 652 Sacramento st., San- Francisco. .■
SHOE store for sale; all new goods. Address
P. O. box 446. Uklah. Cal. '
COFFEE «nd tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento «t.
_ — DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell st., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 13 years.
TEETH without plate* a specialty: full set of
teeth $5; crowns, $3; fillings. 60c; all work
warranted- for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason St., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. -near
' Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
guamtd. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of- teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
. YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth
$4; filling, gold. 50c: silver. 25c: crowns. $3.
T)tl . : . ITEM.
ALL typewrtters~iioTd and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER _ CO.. UP •- .ontgomery.
A HAMMOND, $225; Caligraph. $16: Yost," $18;
get sample work. SCOTT. 233 Montgomery at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE with 8, 16 or 24 rooms for rent. Apply
at 1153 Howard st.
HOUSES' to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN _ HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
|700— REAR house, 4 rooms and cellar. 714H
Howard «t.. near Third.
COTTAGES TO LET.
LOVELY; 6 rooms, bath, yard, etc.: only $12.
At SPECK A- CO.'S, 667 Market st.
$6 EACH: cottage, 5 rooms; 2 new tenements,
4 rms., cr. 34th, Mis. Apply 64 Silver, off 3d.
$10 50— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; cellar: yard. 468
Linden aye., near Hayes and Laguna ats.
FLATS TO LET.
A^iTFLATS, 3 to 4 rooms $7 to »
A— 72 fiats, sto 7 rooms $11 to $30
M to 80 days free. AT SPECK A CO.'S. 667
Market el
ANTONIO, 4E. oft" Jones, bet. Ellis and OFar-
re l]_s rms.; modern conveniences; new house.
BRODERICK. 1016. near Turk— New modern 8
and 7 room flats.
CHEAP rent; 4 and 5 rooms. $8 and $10 each;
yard. 537 Alabama St., near Twenty-first.
FLATS renovated. 2 and 4 rooms; S3, $a and
$10. 521 to 517 Linden aye., bet. Laguna and
Buchanan.
FELL 511— Flat of 4 rooms; bath; hot and cold
water- gas; yard and basement; $15 rent. Key
at 51S Fell st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FLATS to let for th« New Tear by BALD-
WIN _ HOWELL, 10 Montgomery at.
FULTON, 115— Fine middle flat, "rooms; bath;
near City Hall; $2S.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 919— A new upper, sunny,
modern flat, opposite Jefferson Square; 5
rooms and bath.
GROVE. 642— Flat, 6 sunny rooms; bath; mod-
ern improvements; $23.
HAIGHT and Fillmore — Sunny middle and up-
per flat, 6 and 7 rooms; latest improvements;
rooms tinted, hardwood finish: tiled bath;
rent $25. Inquire 5138 Haight st.
HOWARD, 1153, near Eighth— l or 2 or 3 flats,
8 rooms each: separate or all together.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near Sixteenth— 2 beautiful
furnished roams for housekeeping; $S.
LEAVENWORTH. Sll— 4 sunny roams and
bath; very light and dry: $14; m children.
LILY aye.. 304 — t rooms and bath; rent $14.
Owner. 11l Van Ness aye.
NINTH. 241— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath: $15. .
NINETEENTH. 3540— Elegant corner sunny up-
per flat, modern improvements, basement and
yard; reasonable. .
SIXTH, 13S— Front parlor; also large front rm. ;
light housekeeping rms., $1 week.
SCNNY top flat: 4 rooms and bath; latest Im-
provements. ICeyTlSGrove^st^
VERY pleasant sunny flat: low rent. $81 Guer-
rero st., near Twenty-first.
$12— SHIPLEY. 2998. near Sixth— Flat, bath,
folding doors, mantel, yard.
$16—501 HARRISON; 5 rooms, bath; large
porch; two weeks' rent to responsible tenant.
$260— FREE rent and $20 besides; 8- room flat;
$150 fash. 126 Eighth st.
FLATS WANTED.
wXNTED— To rent, flat of 4or 6 rooms, bet.
Mason and Larkln and bet. Golden Gate aye.
and Post st. Address MILKMAN'S. 35 Eddy.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLEMENTINA. 707—2 front connecting rooms
for housekeeping, with laundry and bath. $10.
EDDY, 743—3 or 4 rooms; furnished or un-
furnished; upper or lower floor^
FIFTH 3£3— Clean sunny furnished housekeep-
ing: two or three. $12 up: also single. $4 to $5.
FIRST, 28 3 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping. $12 mo. ; also 2 unfurnished. $6 mo.
FOURTH,. 225— Sunny front room for two; also
housekeeping rooms. __^____
FOLSOM. 646— J large unfurnished rooms, with
yard; suitable for housekeeping^
GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny room* for house-
keeping: suite and others; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050— One or two large
sunny well furnished rooms and kitchen for
light" housekeeping or for gentleman; gas
stove and free telephone; private family.
GROVE, 131—1 furnished sunny room, for light
housekeeping If desired.
GROVE tdt, cor. Va« Neas -aye.— Elegant un-
furnished *-room tniKas, wttq.gas range.
HYDE, JOS— Nicely furnished lower floor: 3 or
4 rooms; complete wtth range; other rooms.
JESSIE. 439. bet. 6th & 6th— 2 large sunny con-
necting rms.; complete hskpsr. : sink, bath; $11.
MISSION. 1125^— Furnished housekeeping rms. ;
cook stoves: single or en suite; $7 to J9.
SEVENTH. 32SS— Threa nice rooms; rent cheap
to small family.
SIXTH. 216 i* — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; light housekeeping A sing.; rent reas.
SIXTH. 393— Front rooms furnished for house-
keeping: no children.
SOUTH PARK, 67—2 furnished rooms; sunny;
modern conveniences; in private family.
STOCKTON, 611, near Pine— Floor. 4 furnished
rooms: floor of 3 unfurnished rooms; large
garden.
TEHAMA. 335— 2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
TWELFTH. 40, near Market— Nicely furnished
front room -and kitchen: $10.
TWELFTH, 143, cor. of Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping.
TWENTIETH. SS22. near Valencia— 3 sunny
furnished connecting rooms; sink. bath.
VAN -NESS ay».. 1021—2 runny rooms; gas.
range, bath; furnished: low rent.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first -class
In every respect ; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 50 to
$S: single. $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single: facing plasa; day or month.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St.. corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT. 1*54 Market St.— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single: also unfurnished.
EDDY. 3, cor. Powell— Sunny single room; on
Market st. : $1 H week.
FOR a select couple; Market st. ; suite con-
necting; bath; board optional. Hotel Las
Palmas. IS2O Market st.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 208— Sunny bed room,
suitable for two; gentlemen preferred.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; grate;
private famUy; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GT.*ERRERO. 829— A nice sunny front room.
HOWARD, 829— Nice sunny rooms; rent cheap;
housekeeping and transient.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to. s6 per week.
LAGUNA. 1310— Furnished and unfurnished
large sunny rooms: private family.
LARKIN, S2OV»C— A large, light, furnished
room, large closet; fire place; suitable for 2;
rent cheap.
LEAVENWORTH, 517 — Sunny furnished room
to let; $6.
LEAVENWORTH, 218— Large front sunny par-
lor: gas, bath.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA, 112— Nice sunny furnished and un-
furnished rooms; $4 per month and upward.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. *24---Sunny furnished front rooms,
en suite or single, moderate; transient.
O'FARRELL, 271— Nicely furnished sunny
roorffc; suites or single;- reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 280 (The Elwood)— Nice sunny
rms.; hot A cold water; gas. bath; gentlemen.
O' FARRELL, 41» (flat 4)— Furnished room; use
of kitchen; $10.
PERRY. 185—2 sunny furnished bedrooms; sin-
gle, and one double.
SEVENTH, 249— Two sunny and newly fur-
nished rooms; rent very reasonable; private
family. ,
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER. 717 and 831— Sunny, choice, reason-
able; appreciated If seen; please investigate.
TAYLOR. 112— Changed hands; everything new;
suits or single; $3 50 per week up; modern.
TAYLOR, 706— Pleasant sunny rooms for gen-
tlemen.
DRYWASH_RB for dry placer mining; $38 for
6-ton machine: any sice made. GEORGE M.
BALBBURY. 521 X St.. Sunset district.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIRST, 415— private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fail-mount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first-class In every, respect: table
unsurpassed; bot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for I. $50 month up. ,
O'FARRELL, Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable; table board.
POST. 744— Nice sunny rooms, first-class board,
$36 up; parlor and piano. -
VALENCIA, 128. near Market— New elegantly
furnished rooms, with or without board, in
private family.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY would like a child to board; terms rea-
sonable. 1862- Howard St.. corner Fourteenth.
GOOD home for child, with mother's care, $10
a month. 210 Lexington aye.
ONE or 2 children to board; German family;
nice tunny yard. 439 Minna St.-
-• . STORES TO LET. ;
LARGE well lighted basement underneath the
German Methodist Church; suitable for a
kindergarten school or storeroom. Apply 8688
Folsom st. -
~~ MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: all these who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
absolutely confidential: satisfaction guaran- j
teed without injury to health, or money re- i
funded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkln; office hours, 10 to 12,
2 t0. 4 and 7to 8; phone East 995; Sundays by
appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
"ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; positively no instruments used;
self cure. $5: regulator, $1; home in confine-
ment; skillful medical attention; all can save
time and expense by consulting the doctor,
free, before going elsewhere; hours, 10 to 5 and
7 to 8. MRS. DR. WYETH, removed from
Turk to 916 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladles — only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies,
trae friends of all invalids, men and women:
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sura relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc. ; babies adopted travelers treated : no de-
lay self-cure sent; call or write: free: confi-
dential. MRS. II DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1: very strong, $3. . • .
A NEW process for female . trouble, . no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe" and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used: consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed: cure, $5: by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years; see us.
. DR. POPPER and DRS., 313 Kearny at.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $3; travelers helped In-
' stantly: home for patients separate from of-
fice; consultation free and strictly confiden-
tial: hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of «<rularl-
tles than any other physician: never fails to
cure: consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023*4 Market st. .
AILMENTS— In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no. Instru-
ments; maternity home: best medical at-
tendance; cure. $5. Removed from 401 D van
I Ness to 13*2 A MVt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ar.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take ,
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
' "Relief for Ladies": letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phila,
ALL married ladles know "S««guro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards A Co.. 406 Clay
St.: $1 50. Fend 2e stamp for circulars to Se-
gura Mfg. Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal. j
I DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
: aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
1 comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes. j
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female, troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LVDIES' troubles Instantly relieved or money
back; $5 up.. Dr. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 ; Market.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— cared for dur-
inir confinement. 727 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st.: tel. Green 51.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
- teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers:
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st. "
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. : day & era.;
est. ISB4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
START Tight and the end Is In sight. Prof.
1 Merki, violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
ELOCUTION, English branches: trial lesson
free at pupil's home or 1187 Dolores; teacher.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.; Prof. De Filippe'a
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Rent ro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter at.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
; taught: short time. Tarr, 573 Parrott bldg.
CHEAPEST and boot in America— Weekly
Calf. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for SI per year..' '
~~ " LOST.
DIAMOND brooch. 3 rings attached, between
Thirtieth and Hyde sts. : very liberal - re-
ward. WM. J. MATTHEWS, 410 Hyde st.
LOST— Small blue and tan dog; answers to
the name of Brutus: return to E. HA-
QUETTE, 1647 Post St., and receive reward.
LOST— passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, •In the
name of CHARLES WM. COLBY, No. 91-264.
. The finder will please return . to bank. ■
:
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
.
BOILERS, engines, id-hand machinery. Uc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 198-197 Fremont at.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving,- showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash .' registers,
scales coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT, ■ 821 Mission.
A FINE powerful doctor's microscope for $18:
cost originally $45. UNCLE . HARRIS. 15
Grant aye. •' ' - " '•'.:.--•-■'
REMOVAL sale — This sale will close Feb. 25;
Japanese goods, bamboo .furniture, toys, etc: ;
must be sold below cost by Saturday. Feb. 25.
KIYO CO., 488 Halght St.. near Fillmore.
FINE set of tailor tools for ami* cheap. Apply ,
2607 Washington st. .. ■ .- - -. r ~-
BABY carriage: almost new; for sale; reason-
able. 84 Thirteenth st. - :
FIREPROOF safe for sale cheap at 42 Main
St., San Francisco. . •• . . " , .• ,"
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission at..
above Sixth. . . -: ■ ■'.'■..'..•..*.: - .-.
YACHT. 21H feet long, sloop rigged;- nearly
new. Call or address 34 and 36 Steuart st.
See photo. :■ . ■• -.*
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission at.; tel. Br. 331.
CHEAP small screw-cutting lathe; small turn-
; Ing lathe; 1 sqr. ■ shears. Epstein. 648 Mission.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only). $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baelgalupl, 933 Mkt.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, betting, dynamos;
second-hand. WHITE'S. 516-618-620 Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento at. '.-:"■ "., <•■.•;-'' '::■ ■-■ . ■ ■■■ .-■; : ; i n'
SAFES — in new and second-hand: all
sl«es: half original cost.' 109-111 Market. S. F.
ATTORNEYS AT , LAW. i '
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. > G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce law; no fee without suc-
cess.v ATTY. : ROSS, 123« Market, room 127.
ADVICE free: divorce laws, private estates. J.
B. EVANS, ; 14 I McAllister st., " room 64. • \
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. - ■ a /i '<
L. jS. s CLARK— Emma '. Spreckela > building, ; 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
■• .. PHx'SICXANS. ; - .
REMOVAL notice— Dr. iC.C. = O" DonneU, . office
and residence, Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
PERSONALS.
I HAVE been troubled with toothache for a
. number of ' years on both sides of face; by
using Prof. CHAS. LOG'S remedy was cured
entirely. MRS. ALICE J. • HAINE3. 712
Commercial: also E. WELLS and W. HAM-
ILTON. Prof. LOG has removed to 619 Jack-
' son st.
LINCOLN BROS.
Sell IS lbs. granulated sugar, SI; 8 lbs. coffee,
$1; 25 lbs. rolled oats, $1; 25 lb«. prunes, pears
or peaches, $1; 10 cans table fruit, SI; 12 cans
corn, SI; gallon can maple syrup. SI; 13 cans
tomatoes, $1; flour, Ssc sack; butter, 25c roll;
eggs, loc dozen: cheese. 12% c per Ib. LIN- j
COLN BROS.. Cash Grocers. 226 Sixth st.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA Hair Tonic softens.
. the hair and makes It glossy: price. 35c per
. bottle; try it. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
WRINKLES scientifically removed and busts
developed by the Harmonic Vibrator, that
• wonderful Invention, at the HARMONIC
LIFE INSTITUTE. 236 Powell St.; tests free.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. in bank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland
JOHN L BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney-at-Law. . ■ and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., ■ Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
GO to the best hairdresser In the city, LED-
ERER; best styles. 25c only: hair rolls, 35c:
good switches, SI: fine, $2 50; Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
■ House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $150 to- $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter St. MRS. CLAYTON.
TOOTHACHE worm removed by approved
Chinese methods. C. LOG, 619 Jackson st.
ELECTRIC treatment and massage at 113 A
Bartlett st. A. LANDWSBER.
CONTRACTOR for well digging, tunnel run-
ning for water. Box 253. Call office.
MRS DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
best of care. 852 Castro, cor. 7th, Oakland.
FOLDING beds S3 50; bedrm. sets $8: bed loung-
. es $4 50; open ev's. L; J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
BATHS I»i4c: 30 percelaln tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles. 34 Fourth St.. nr. Market.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth at., Alameda.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome St.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's:
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy " Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and StH.
DRESSMAKER .
SAN~FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring j
College, SIS Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dresses made. S3 up: dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, milll-
nery: patterns cut. McDowell Sch., 103 Post.
' ~ r . SPIRITUALISM. 7~ r
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings SI. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SEELY: flower test circle; 2 and 8 p.
m. 104 Ninth St.. near Mission.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frt.. 2 p. m,;
Men., 8: 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'FarrelL.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght at.
~~ C L-o-iUVOV ANTS. ~~-
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In Ban Francisco at 1023% Market St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost ' affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits; will
give correct information on law suits, sick-
ness. ' death divorces, absent friends, etc. I
N. Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. T. CLARK, 10OH Mkt.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond eight; diagnose* disease; full life read-
Ing; ladies, 60c: gents, SI; sit., $150. 128 Turk.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: 10c; ladies only.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. AUGUST.- 1150 Mission ■ st.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; tie. . ;. ■
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
• past, present and future; 25c. 133^ sth, r. 21.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth et., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader; tells nothing but truths:
all questions answered: 25c, 50c. 528 Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently;, business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's pi ft re. 25c: ladles. -914 nFarr<»U st.
mEIUCTIVK ASTROLOGY. ' ~
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St.; future
events, 50c: advice, all questions; satisfaction.
PALMISTRY.
MMe7~NEERGAARD, pupil Count "fit! G«r-
malne, 3388 Twenty- first st., above Valencia;
tel. White 1571: reading by mail SI. ..
" SUPERFLUOUS HAIR..
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush St.; IS
years' experience; references given.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~~
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $5 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for S3, $4 and
S3 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
St-nnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
st^L, San Francisco, . and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. '.'•
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago 18 KOHLER & CHASE'S.
£6, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. -•.■ • •
A FEW .•gilt . edge bargains— Weber, walnut
case, upright, bargain: Knabe, good as new.
upright, - rosewood: Chiekering; used three
months, upright, mahogany: guaranteed five
years; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ it
SON, 16 O'Farrell st. - , '
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
THE best bargain in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS 5 , 763 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms.
A FINE Hallett & Davis upright will be sold
this week for half its value. R. 10, Flood big.
A GOOD Fischer upright, perfect order, . $105.
Room 10. Flood building. • ;
FINE Stelnway. Chiekering, both uprights, at |
.a sacrifice. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos rented, S3 mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Co. Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
A— UPRIGHTS, $83 up: Installments, $5 75 up;
. rents S3 60 up (allowed on purchase).* 136 Ellis.
W. G. "BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauty, 308 Post st. ■■-.•
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant, I
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
' LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. <.
SUPERIOR .violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY ' Steam Carpet-cleaning I — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C H. STEVENS. Mir..
»8 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 150.
■WHEN you become disgusted with 'poor work
send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-257 Tehama st. TeL S. 40.
J McQUEEN.' S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
■ '433 Stevenson st. tel. South 328 ; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON' S. » Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
X E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
' St.; cleaning, 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74. .
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 3)3 Golden
Gate aye. • tel. East 12«. ■ : ;> -
: SEWING MACHINES.
12 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies- 145 Sixth; Phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. »08 Fourth at. •
... .-STORAGE. . ,
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
.Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
■ Is g, advances, etc. 733 Market; tel.," Black 311. j
: CITY i REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER, -
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY $200' ONLY $200! INSTALLMENTS!
BEST AND; CHEAPEST LOTS NEAR
NEW BLOCKS FINE CLIMATE. SUPERB
VIEW.
$300 to Beautiful Sunset Heights lots;
best home site* in the city; o«ly $25 down. $5
monthly.
Special " bargains in Richmond lots— s4oo to
$800; ready to build <»n. •
$100 to $300— near Mlsslon-st. electric
cars; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly.
Branch Office on Ninth aye., near H st.
SOL OETZ 4 BROTHER,
. ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
LOOK at this; must be sold; part. cash, or will
trade for Improved city property; lot 80x213;
2-story house. 9 rooms; bath; all modern Im-
provements: 2-story barn; - tank, tankhouse
and windmill; fine sewer system; street work
all done; cement sidewalks and through
grounds; beautifully laid out garden: palms;
fruit: orange and lemon trees: 3 blocks to
station; Berkeley. Box 1507. Call office.
— MISSION COTTAGES ■ •
Four.- 5. 8 and 8-room "houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth st., between Castro and
Not; $2200 to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses Bold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder. .
OWING to the pressure of business and- the
necessity of a larger office, JACOB HEY-
MAN & SON > will remove about March 1,
1899. to No. 19 Montgomery st. , ..-..•
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ••■-».
COl.i'lllY REAL ESTATB.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500 j
' acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry reason of 1897-98 address THE
COT ATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wansin-
ger: 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
I to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
~~ PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th* Weekly
! Call, -IS pages, sent to any address in the
. United States, postpaid, for $1 per year. , ,v r.-,
PROPERTY WANTED.
IMPROVED and unimproved property wanted
in • Fruitvale. Alameda, Oakland. - Berkeley
and San Francisco: owners only. Box 297,
Call.
}? MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity see Us first:
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69, Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
j LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1823 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14. -
ANY amount at 6^ per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate,- mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. Z.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to od-
taln liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; tel. Main 1644. . ■■-.■
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003% Broadway.
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3. '
BORROW money on indorsed payer or your
salary: small loan* a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d A Jessie.
! ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no commission;" $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ON pianos, furniture: Oakland; Alameda:
Berkeley. ELSTON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
1 BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
I SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
I estates a specialty. MURPHY, 63« Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 3d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
| A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The 'Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, Id mortg.. chat-
■ tels, etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner big.
! NOTES discounted; loans' negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
Real Estate Broker.
.V;; < 1058 Broadway, Oakland.
-. $1350— Colonial cottage of 5 rooms, all
' complete: a little beauty; near Telegraph
aye.; price reduced;-' terms, $175 cash and
$16 80 per month; lot 40x100 feet; sunny side
of the street.
— Eastlake cottage of 5 rooms, bath and
high basement; close to San Pablo avenue;
street work is all done; will be sold on easy
monthly payments. -■
$1000— Cottage of 5 rooms, with lot 50x163 '
feet 'in Golden Gate; sunny side; half block
from school and. near the train. "
• $2260— Cotta&e of 6 rooms, hall and high
basement, with lot 50x125 feet; centrally I ■>-
cated. and within walking distance of Mar-
ket street station. A chance to get a bargain.
This place positively must be sold.- -
HUGH M. CAMERON,
1058 Broadway, near Eleventh street.
$$50 AND upwards; a poor man's chance to se-
-» cure a home; located bet. Grove st. and San
' Pablo . aye. ; within 10 to 15 minutes* walk to
local trains; convenient to school "house and
vpostofflce; healthiest location- in Oakland;
terms to suit. Address at once R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, 470 Thirteenth st., Oakland. '
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
-HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh St. . See him.
HORSES. *
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction- sales every - Wedne»-
.day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
• "WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SET second-hand harness: wagons, cart
buggies, surreys j and . horses. 1140 Folsom at. !
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, II per rear.
• PROPOSALS. •=f
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. . February 22, 1599.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, .will be re-
ceived at this office until 13 . o'clock noon,
Frlday.'vMarch 24, 1899. and then opened, for
"Doing all - the printing, and furnishing I all
material therefor, that may be required at
Headquarters Department of California. - dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30. 1900."
Preference will be given to articles of domes-
tic production or manufacture, conditions of
quality and price (Including in the price of
foreign productions or manufacture the duty
thereon) being equal. The U. •S. . reserves the
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
in whole or »in Dart. Information furnished
on application to undersigned. Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked "Pro-
posals for Printing.'' and addressed to J. M.'
Marshall. Deputy Quartermaster General, U.
S. - A., Chief Quartermaster.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. V
• Birth, ■marriage and death notices ■ sent .by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. -.- .
BORN.
BLANCHFLOWER— In Sausalito, ! February 16,
'1899, to the wife of A. L. Blanchflower.'a son.
CONATY— In this city. February IS. IS9J, to the
.wife of Michael Conaty. a son. •
LESS— this city, to the wife of Esidore Less,
. a son. - ." ■.'■..':?• ' ?■■■ ■.■ -
TENNEY— In- this city, February 11. 1899, to
the wife of Patrick J. Tenney. a son. - - - ■
MABBIED.. ~~~
DASEKING— HOLLING— In this city. F*bru- .
' ary 16, 1899, . by the Rev. Hermann i Gehrcke.
Herman H. A. Daseking , and : Tlllle Holllng.
both of San Francisco. ».'..•,
MAYLE— January 26, 1899, George L.
: Hall of San Francisco and Miss G. Mayle of
;" Berkeley.: -i-i '■'":■"■■-'■:.' ■.■/' ■ ,- :\
STEWART— February 22, 1899, :. at St.
John's Church, by the Rev. Dr. . Spalding,
rector. Walter . Spalding Hyde and Georgia
:•'• Stewart," both of San Francisco. . '. - .
STEHN— EISERT— this city. February XL.
1599. by the Rev. Hermann Gehreke." Edward
M. . Stebn and Louise F. Eisert. both of San
j : Francisco. : _ - :
DIED.
Arnett. Bridget Kennealiy. Jofcn
Brett. Ellen C. Lover. Florence
Conlon, Mrs. C. Mullen, Mrs. Isabella
Converse. Albert E. Nichols. Charles B.
Crooks, John E. Parker. Ella H.
Cummings. Anderson Redmond. Veronica L
Duffy, Mary A. Scott. Mrs. Mary-
Emery. Cartharin* Skivingtnn. Gertrud*
Faull. Helen F. Sutter, Eugenia A.
Gilmore. John Vow. August
Hansen. Mary E. Watson. Robert E. I*.
Hawkes. Ann Zack. Marie E. -
Hyatt. Margaret
ARNETT— In this city. February 21. 1599,
Bridget Arnett. beloved mother of George and
James Arnett. and sister of Mrs. M. McFaul
and Robert and Eugene Deady. a native of
County Kerry. Ireland, asrerl 52 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this dajr
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Peter's Church for services at
10 o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BRETT— In this city, entered into rest. Feb-
ruary Jl. 189S, Ellen C. beloved wife of John
R. BrPtt. aee'l 7n years.
C^The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the home of
her daughter, Mrs. E. H. Marwedel. Fruitvale
avenue, opposite East Sixteenth street. In-
terment private.
CONLON— In this city, February 21. 1899, at
the residence of her daughter. Mrs. E. w.
Cameron, 921 Jessie street. Mrs. Catherine
Conlon. beloved wife of the late Frank Con-
lon. and beloved mother of John J.. Frank
J. and Kate Conlon. Mrs. E. W. Cameron
and Mrs. J. Capeill, a native of Ireland, age 4
60 years. (Washington, D. C. papers pleasa
copy.)
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), from her late residence, 911 Jes-
sie street, thence ta St. Joseph's Church,
Tenth and Howard streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary^ Cemetery.
CONVERSE— In this city. February 21. 1399,
Albert Edward, dearly beloved husband of
Pauline Converse, father of Florence Con-
verse, son of Amasa and Emily C. Converse,
and brother of the late Henry C Converse, a
native of Vermont, aged 29 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from nt«
late residence. 17H4 Hyde street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CUMMINGS— In Oakland. February ~> 1? ?J»
Anderson P., beloved husband of Anna E.
Cummings, and father of Mrs. E. Coats, a
native of New York, aged 65 years 10 month*
and 11 days.
CROOKS— In Haywards. February 26. 1599.
Jnhn Edwin, beloved husband of Sadie F.
Crooks, father of Miss Ethel and J. C. Crooks
and Mrs. Arthur M. Brown, and brother of
W. L. Crooks of Benicia, Cal., a native of
Cleveland, Ohio, aged 55 years 11 months and
!4 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
"Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the Presby-
terian Church in Haywards. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland. Friends de-
alring to go to the cemetery after services
can take the electric cars at Haywards and
change to Mountain View cars at Thir-
teenth and Washington streets. Oakland.
DUFFY— In this city, February 22, I*> 9. Mary
Ann, beloved wife of William Duffy, and
mother of Netl, Kitty. William. May and
Gertrude Duffy, a native of Carandonagh.
parish of Donagh. County Donegal. Ireland,
aged 47 years. (Boston papers please copy.)
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 7073 Stockton street, thence to St.
Mary's Church, where a silemn requiem masa
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
EMERY— In this city. February 21. 1599. Cath-
arine Emery, mother of Leonidas P.. Charles
D. and John E. McGown and Mrs. John G.
Noonan. a native of Ireland, aged 65 yeara.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her lftte
residence, 724 Broderick Btreet. thence to
Sacred Heart Church. Fillmore street, where
a requiem mass wiU be celebrated for the
I repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FAULL— In Sau-allto. February Jl. 1899, Helen
Fiske-Faull, daughter of Mrs. H M. Fiske.
sister of Mrs. S. E. Peart of Woodland and
W H. Fiske of Portland, and mother of
Mary. John. Sophia and Henry Faull and
Mr= W. O. 'Wayman. aged 49 y»rs.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
| of Mrs. H. M. Fiske. 2100 Bush street. Inter-
ment private.
i GILMt)RE— In this city, February 22. 1899.
John beloved husband of Maria Gilmore, a
native of County Westmeath, Ireland, aged
66 years. A member of St. Patrick's Mutual
Alliance of California. (New Orleans papers
please copy.) _
Zy Notice of funeral to-morrow. Remains
at funeral parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy
street.
HANSBN— In this city. February 22. 1899. Mary
Ellen, beloved wife of E*el E. Hansen. dearly
beloved mother of Christina Hansen and of
Johnny Owens, and daughter of Mrs. Mar>
Glbtnns, a native of England, ag*<i 30# years
1 month and 22 days.
C?*Frlends and acquaintances arc r»sp«ot-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacilo Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Teresa's Church for service*,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HAWKES— In Oakland. February 21. 1599. Ann.
widow of the late Robert Hawkes. and mother
of Robert H.. Bert S. and Annie B Hawkes
and Mrs. James Gatley, a native of Ireland,
aged 53 years 10 months and 28 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this d»y
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock, from St. John's
Episcopal Church, comer Eighth and Grove
streets. Oakland. Interment private.
HYA.TT— In Cloverdale. February 22. KS9. Mar-
garet widow of the late John B. Hyatt, and
' sister of Mrs. E. B. Clark, a native of Ger-
many, aged 71 years.
KENNEALLY— In this city. February 22. IS9».
John beloved husband of Bridget Kenneally,
and father of Thomas. William J.. Charles
F John Joseph. Henry and Francis Ken-
neally and the late Mrs. Mary Murphy, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 68 years.
CjTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remain*
at the residence of his son, Charles F. Ken-
neally. 544 Bryant street.
LOVER— In this city. February 22. Vm. Flor-
ence, beloved daughter of Walter and Flor-
ence Lover, a native of San Francisco, aged
10 days.
MULLEN— In this city. February 22. 1599. Mrs.
Isabella Mullen, mother of Arthur Mullen.
Mrs. John Smith and the late Mrs. Edwin D.
Tucker, aged 6? years.
NICHOLS— In this city. February «. 1«9»,
Charles B. Nichols, a native of ban Francisco.
a«d 40 yeare. •
PARKER— In this city. February 22. IBM, Ella
Homer, wife of the late Charles H. Parker,
and mother of Homer, Lilian and Ethel Par-
-1 CTThe services will be held at the First
.Unitarian Church, corner of Geary and
Franklin streets, to-morrow (Friday), at 2
o' clock.
REDMOND— In this city. February 20 IS9S.
Veronica lone, daughter of Julia and Joseph
Redmond, a native of San Francisco, aged
5 years 1 month and 9 days.
BCOTT— In this city. February 22, 1899, Mrj.
Mary Scott, beloved mother of Mrs. C. M.
Haley and Lillle T. Scott, a native of Balti-
more. Md., aged 64 years 11 months and «
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2515 California street, tfcence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o clock. In-
terment private, Holy Crows Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
SKIVINGTON— In this city, February 21. IS9*.
Gertrude beloved daughter of John and Anna
Skivington. sister of Emma and Edward
Skivinxton, and granddaughter of Gertrude
and John H. Fisher, a native of California,
aged 19 years and 9 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully irvited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her grandparents, 110 San Jose avenue. n«*f
Twenty-fifth street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
SUTTER— In this city. February 22, 1599, Eu-
genia Agnes. b«loved daughter of Eugene and
the late May Agnes Sutter, a native of Saa
Francisco, aged S months and 21 days.
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence 2«17 Twenty-fifth street, between Utah
otreet and San Bruno avenue. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
VOS3— In this city, February 22, 1859. August.
beloved husband of Pauline Voti, and father
of August and Sophie Voss. Mrs. F. D. Keil
of Vallejo and Olga and William Voss. a na-
tiv« of Germany, aged 59 years 1 month and
19 days. A member of Germania Lodge No.
1713. K. of H., and Gambrtnua Unterstutzung»
C 7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
WATSON— In this city. February 22. I*M Rob-
ert E Lee. dearly beloved son of James and
Elizabeth Watson, beloved brother of William
Joseph, George Charles, Charlotte Florence
and Lucille Watson, and grandchild of the
late William Doran. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 16 years 11 months and 10 days.
t^Notice of funeral hereafter.
ZACK— In this city, February 22, 1899. Marie
Elizabeth, dearly beloved wife of the late
G G. C. Zack, loving mother of Mrs. Dora-
thea Cranert and Mrs. Emma Breideng. sis-
ter of Mrs. Theresa Meier, and grandmother
of Mrs- Elizabeth Muller. Mrs. A. A. Banz.
Mrs. A. Meyer. Miss Amalia Wehr and the
late Emll Cranert. a native of Hamburg.
Germany, aged 86 years 8 months and 10 day».
giT'Friendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, -from her late resi-
dence. 312 Jersey street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth. Douglass and Dia-
mond. Interment I. O. O F. Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Bncc*»«or» to Flanagan * Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A>T> EMBALMER3.
JO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
1112
PARADE OF THE POLICE DEPARTMENT
Chief Lees, the Drum Corps and All the Other Star Attractions on
Review — Honors Fall to Gillen's Company.
LUX at Mm now. Divil a bit finer do
the Chief himself luk nor that same
Sergeant Brophy th' day. Michael
Joseph Conboy an' th' rist ov 'cm do
be stippin' along very iligant an 1 all that,
but Where's the wan ov 'em kin howld a
canthle to Brophy? It's only ould Lees'
and 'cold feet' Wittman's invious disposi
shuns that keeps Brophy fr'm bein' put
in command ay th' dhrum corps. That'fe
where he belongs an' -what he desarves."
• This honest tribute from a stanch ad
mirer could not have been bestowed upon
a worthier recipient, for Sergeant Bro
phy looked a policeman, every inch of
him, as he marched up Market street
yesterday at the head of a platoon in the
annual parade of the Police Department,
the envy of his brother officers, the
adored of every chambermaid along the
line of march. To be sure, Brophy is
somewhat shy on inches, and somewhere
along the line of march he 'must have
lust the carefully folded newspaper he
■wears under the sweatband of his cap for
obvious reasons, allowing his headgear to
settle down over nis ears and rest on his
Bhoulders in a manner that must have
been annoying, to say the least; but all
the same, Brophy was all right.
A MODERN IACOB WAITS
SEVEN YEARS FOR A BRIDE
Miss Mary Butterworth, Who Jilted George Heazelton to
Wed Another, Weds Her First Love.
w - 4
HEAZETVTON-HOWE-In New York City, i
February 14, at. the house of Dr. St. John j
Roosa, 20 East Thirtieth street, by the Rev. "f
Marvin R. Vincent,' D.D., George Heazel- 1
ton of Ran Francisco, Cad., and Mary But- j
! terworth Howe, daughter of Mrs. Benjamin <j
Butterworth. _ _ !.' v- ;- : : J
A romance that- a novelist would have<
' reveled in led up to the foregoing sim- J
.ple marriage announcement which re- i
cently appeared in the local papers. It*
was the second time that Mr. Heazelton 4
had wooed his bride and won her con-,
sent to be his wife, and now she Is his
"for better or for worse." „'..,.,. ;. v
Every member of the Bohemian Club, every newspaper man and nearly all
"•She business community of San Francisco knows George Heazelton. He was for
.a time proprietor of the Post and later has been Washington correspondent
it different San Francisco papers at various times. .It was shortly before he
secured the Post that Mr. Heazelton met Miss Mary Butterworth, daughter of
Congressman Benjamin Butterworth of Ohio. The young lady's parents, fa
vored the match and she herself was not averse to the wooing. When every
thing was shaping itself to the desired end- Mr. Heazelton had to come to Cali
fornia and assume control of the Post. He started for San Francisco with the
understanding that when the paper was on a paying basis the wedding was. to
take place. •
Durine the life of Congressman Butterworth his confidential . clerk was a
man named Howe. The clerk was madly in love with Miss Mary and some say
that before the advent of Heazelton this feeling had been reciprocated. During
the absence of Heazelton in California Howe was taken sick, and in an un
guarded moment confessed his love for Miss Butterworth. The young lady
then discovered the true state of her heart ■ and at once broke off ■ her engage
ment with Mr. Heazelton. Then, in spite of the protests of her relatives and
friends, she married Mr. Howe on what proved to be his deathbed. In fact, the
poor fellow only lived a few hours after he and his sweetheart had been made
''Faint heart never won fair lady," and no one ever accused George Heazel
ton of being faint hearted. He continued a good friend of tne Butterworth
fßrnilv and when the Congressman died he was there to sorrow with the widow
'"i daughter. Years passed and still no word of love passed his lips. Finally
his patience and devotion won the day and Mrs. Butterworth-Howe Is cow
lira. George Heazelton.
For that matter, so were all the oth
ers in line, for the police made a hand
some appearanc far outstripping any
previous effort. Maybe it was the drum
corps, possibly it was due to the fact
that all the commissioned officers and the
sergeants and corporals discarded their
clubs and adorned' themselves with brirnt
new swords for the occasion, but what
ever it was, the column made a fine
showing.
Now, there was Chief Lees, for instance,
with his trousers tucked into his boots
and looking like a fantastically adorned
sack of bran wobbling around on the back
of his horse. The Chief didn't have time
to get his boot legs striped with gold leaf
and there is no room on his uniform for
any more braid, but he had an extra
stripe of broad gold lace stitched on his
saddle blanket, and with his nice new
saber (an involuntary presentation from
the patrolmen) .he was quite modestly
and becomingly arrayed. The Chief did
not lead the drum corps; the drummers
led the Chief. It is whispered out at the
hall that Wittman had considerable diffi
culty in persuading the old man that his
proper place as commander in chief was
immediately behind the music and that
it would be undignified to ride in front
and carry a drum major's baton. Any
way, the Chief looked quite au fait and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1899.
exceedingly happy.
Lieutenant Birdsall rode with the Chief
to see that no disaster befell him, while
Captains Wittman and Spillane were aJso
mounted.
The column formed on Market street be
low Montgomery and, surprising to relate,
moved to the minute fixed upon.
Behind a platoon of mounted police
from the Seventeenth street station there
were three barouches. Ordinarily they
serve as the common hacks of commerce,
but in parades they are always barouches.
In the first were Mayor Phelan and Po
lice Commissioner Tobin, while the sec
ond contained Commissioners Alvord and
Gunst. And speaking of beautiful butter
flies, it is only necessary to remark that
Mose looked the part. His silk hat was
as glossy and modish as that worn by the
banker and. tipped rakishly over the left
eye, it showed Mose was fully alive to the
occasion and determined not to be out
done by his fellow-members. In the third
carriage rode ex-Chief Crowley and Dr.
J. W. Keeney, examining surgeon of the
department.
Following the carriages was Casassa's
First Regiment band in gorgeous red uni
forms that sent a temporary thrill of
envy through the breast of the aged Chief
and* eight members of the famous drum
corps, pounding away and watching for
bricks.
The Chief and Birdsall came next and
MAC'S MELODY
WON THE FINE
SILVER CUP
Exciting Coursing at
Ingleside Park.
THE DENVER DOG A CHAMPION
FLYAWAY, THE RUNNER-UP,
WAS HARD TO BEAT.
The Largest Crowd of the Season Wit
nessed the Championship Event
From Betting 1 Ring and
Grand Stand.
The largest and assuredly the most
appreciative crowd of sport-lovers that
has heretofore witnessed a coursing
meeting in this State was present yester
day at the Ingleside Coursing Park to
witness the grand meeting upon which
was dependent the club's coursing cup
and several cash prizes.
The coursing was exceptionally good
because of the excellent condition of the
hares and hounds. The betting was par
ticularly brisk throughout the day.
Captain Clarkson opened with three
boxes, but before half of the day's sport
was completed he was perforce obliged
to add two more boxes to relieve "the at
tack" upon what he considered a suffi
cient complement of boxes for a holiday
meeting.
The interest attached to the sport of
the day was of course centered on the
final race between two of the grandest
performers of the stake, viz., Mac's
Melody and Flyaway. Gamekeeper
Harry Murray reserved one of the old
time "hard-to-catch" "jacks" for this es-
pecial race, and it g-ocs without saying
that the final course will long be remem
bered by the fraternity as being one of
the most stubbornly contested events In
the history of local coursing.
The betting was even for quite a while,
then It turned slightly In favor of Mac's
Melody, the closing odds being $10 to $9,
with Flyaway on the short end.
To an excellent slip Mac's led slightly
and was first to reach game. The hare
favored Mac's Melody, and she having
gained the inside Flyaway had to take
the outer circle, thus giving her oppo
nent an opportunity to score several
points
Flyaway finally took charge of the
game at the upper end of the field and
it was there that the prettiest work of
the day was witnessed. It was give and
take, both dogs scoring In their turn.
Flyaway, by a gTand effort, rushod in
and killed rather too quickly, and the flag
went up proclaiming Mac's Melody the
winner of the beautiful cup and first
prize, the score being 21 to 14.
The winner is owned by Bartell Bros,
of Denver, Colo. She is twenty-two
months old and is by Boodler Rufflan-
Brilliante. She Is in charge of Billy Mc-
Gibbon and has been trained for this es
pecial meeting by Joe Thrift, the non^
pariel conditioner of greyhounds, who Is
at present looking after a large kennel
of dogs in Frultvale, Alameda.
The results of the great meeting are
appended:
Innrleside Coursing: Club cup stake and $150 to
winner; Yunner up, $100; third, $70; next two
$40 each; next five, $20 each- next ten, $10 each.
Result of the run down: Brutus beat Christ
mas Day, 6-1; Rocket beat Had! wist, 15-10;
Rest Assured beat Victor Queen, 4-1; Forget
beat Lady Herschel, 14-8; Brllliantine beat
Belle Seward, 21-7; Lottie M beat Thad Ste
vens, 18-1; Lady Gilmore beat Victor, 7-5 Mac's
Melody beat Tod Sloan, 6-3; Black Hawk beat
Marietta, 8-4; Royal Buck beat Forgive, 6-2;
Gladiator beat Glen Chloe, 7-0; Flyaway beat
Billy Gladstone. 4-0; Mayflower beat Moondyne
11, 7-6; Sylvanua beat Lady Emma, 8-2; Myrtle
beat Royal Prize 4-2; St. Ortn beat Tea Rose,
7-2; Susie beat Jenny Wilson. 22-0; Lawrence
beat Prince George, 6V6-0; Mystic Maid beat
then Captain Wittman and Company A
swung along. This was tne largest com
mand in line and included detachments
from the California street, O'Farrell
street and North End stations. The m<-n
were all armed with rifles and looked fit
for combat with an army.
Bennett's band and eight more mem
bers of the drum corps headed Captain
Spillane's company, which turned out
strong numerically and showed the bene
ficial results of that efficient officer's
careful handling.
Company D. Captain James W. Gillen.
deserves special praise for the splendid
showing it made, for it certainly carried
off the honors of the day. Every officer
and man in' the company had provided
himself with a complete new uniform
coat, trousers, helmet, belt and all— which
was worn for the first time yesterday.
The members who took such pride in
their company and in the parade are as
follows:
James W. Oillin, captain: William Price,
lieutenant: first platoon. Sergeant Perrin; sec
ond platoon. Sergeant Griffiths; third platoon,
Serjeant Campbell; fourth platoon. Sergeant
Blank; M. Anderson. J. A. Belyea, L. C. Mere
dith, J. A. Crackbon, C. H. Taylor, F. K.
O'Brien, T. C. C'alnan. A. C. Winzler, H. N.
Porter E. J. Thomson. M. MoHugh. A. ]3.
Riehl. T. O'Connell, W. P. I>alton, M. J.
Ftlben, W. Poran. J. A. Feeney, H. 1... Folsom,
S. Sandman, J. P. YnunK. J. F. Dennan, J.
T. Edner, E. C. Perclvai. T. J. Connell, C. TV.
Mohawk, 19-6; Young America beat Twin City
Girl. 8-0.
First Round— Rocket beat Brntus. 12-5; For
get beat Rest Assured, 8-6; Lottie M beat Bril
llantine, 6-1; Mac's Melody beat Lady Gllmon?,
14-2; Royal Buck beat Blark Hawk, 4-2; Fly
away beat Gladiator, 7-2; Mayflower beat Syl
vanus, 8-8; St. Orion beat Myrtle, 7-5; Susie
beat Lawrence, 8-6; Mystic Maid beat Young
America. 7-E.
Second round— Forget beat Rocket, 9-6: Mac's
Melody beat Lottie M. 8-1; Flyaway beat Roynl
Buck, 4-0: St. Orin beat Mayflower, 8-2; Susie
beat Mystic Maid. 7-0.
Third round— Mac's Melody beat Forget, 8-0;
Flyaway beat St. <"> r in, fi-5; Susie wa« beaten
by Moondyne In a bye, 4-3.
Fourth round— Mac's Melody beat Susie, 7-5;
Flyaway beat Lawrence a bye, 3-2.
Final round— Mao's Melody beat Flyaway,
21-14.
AT UNION PARK.
O. X. Capitol Defeats Wild Tralee for
the Junior Champion Stake.
O. K. Capitol, owned by Hurley and
Rifly, was returned winner of the annual
Junior champion stako at T T nion Coursing
Park yesterday. He met Wild Tralee In
the final round of the stake and was a
1 to 3 shot in the betting-. He was the
only lonp shot to win during the after
noon. The attendance was unusually large
for a holiday. The running resulted as
follows:
Junior champion stake, first round— T. Hall's
Nonpariel beat Aeneid Kennels' MaJd of Erin;
M. London's Magneto beat J. Seggerson's f'an
delarta; T. J. Cronin's 'Wild Tralee boat F.
Moran's Flying Faster: F. A. McComb'i Flush
heat R. K. de B. Ix>pez' Santiago; Mtlo Ken
nels' Victor King beat R. E. do B. I»pez' Santa.
Rita: R. E. de B. Lopez" Santa Ana beat T.
Hall's Miss Skyhall; O. J. Olson's Sunburst
beat Lowe A- Thompson's I.<owiander; Mllo
Kennels' Rock Island Boy heat Daily and
Srebein'R Shylopk Boy; J. J. Edwards' Morn
ing ("Jlory beat T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee:
T. J. ("ronln's Maid of Ball beat F. Herring's
9t. Elmo; J. Kerrigan's St. Gertrude beat M.
Creamer's Maid o" the Hill; Hurley & Riely's
O. K. Capitol beat W. Creamer's Jersey Lily;
POLICE PUZZLED BY
A PARK "MYSTERY"
Some of the Articles Which Are Putting the
Department on Its Mettle.
THE park police were mystified yesterday by the discovery' near the McAllis
ter street entrance of a number of articles of gentleman's attire in good
condition. Rumors of a possible suicide, connected with the names of Lieu
tenant Neall and others, were speedily afloat, but a close examination of the
articles tended to allay apprehension, while not solving the mystery.
The items of attire consisted of a light melton pvercoat, a black diagonal
cutaway coat and vest and a brown Derby hat, all in good condition. With
them were two cuff buttons of a sporting character, and In the pockets of the
clothes were two cigars and some advertising cards. One bore a calligraphic
scrollwork accompanied by the words, "Darling P. M.," and an address on Turk
street.
It was suggested that some premature celebrant of the day devoted to the
great and only George had wandered into the park, and imagining himself in his
own palatial apartment had shed his raiment and gone to bed. In the morning
he had haply arisen to seek his dressing room and had lost his way and belong
ings.
But the park police shake the-ir heads ominously and mutter "mystery" and
talk of "clews."
Brown J. W. Stanley, F. W. Dasmann, A. C.
Walsh, F. M. Waller. T. Murrln, J. A. Fltz
Gerald. E. J. Rottanzl, P. E. Clew, J. J.
Crowley, G. Farrell, T. O'Grady, E. F. Bode.
R. F. Graham. W. V. White, J. P. Woest, E.
C. Robinson, T. F. Slattery, N. Reardon, N.
J. Nolan. T. C. Tryon, j. j. Nyhen. Z. H.
Harrison, C. J. Joseph, C. M. Barnes, M. J.
Griffin; drum corps, F. A. Nycett, W. Kear
ney, J. Redmond. E. V. Herve.
Company C, Captain Dunlevy, with Ser
geants Mahoney and Christiansen, came
up from the city front, the harbor po
lice making a most creditable appear
ance. Behind them were the eight pa
trol wagons of the department, giving a
decidedly businesslike appearance to the
turnout, and sending shivers down the
spines of too enthusiastic celebrants.
Down Montgomery street, to Califor
nia, to Kearny, to Market and out that
thoroughfare to Van Ness avenue
marched the police, the streets being
thronged with spectators. On the ave
nue the column proceeded as far as
Geary street and then countermarched
to Hayes street. Line was formed for
review and the Commissioners, accompa
nied by Chief Lees and Lieutenant Bird
sail passed up and down before the men.
Then they took station and the police
marched in review In column of platoons,
after which the tired officers went home
and doctored their blistered feet, for they
had done far more walking than usually
falls to a policeman in one day.
P. A. McCnmb's Royal Flush beat J. Segger
son's Gold HIM; T. F. Logan's Miss Grizzle
beat R. E. de B. Lopez' Santa Inez; Yosemite
Kennels' Beauty Spot beat Pasha Kennels'
Rollicking Airs; Lord & Herbst's Kerry Gow
beat F. Moran's Bit of Fashion; J. F. Weh
meyer's One Spot beat Cohen & Tevlln's The
Devil; I. F. Halton's Tic Tac beat George Mac-
Dotlgall'B Spindle.
Second round— Magneto beat Nonparlel; Wild
Tralee beat Santa Ana; Victor King beat
Flush: Rhode Island Boy beat Sunburst; Morn
ing Glory beat Maid of Bail; O. K. Capitol beat
St. Gertrude; Royal Flush beat Miss Grizzle;
Beauty Spot beat Kerry Gow; Tic Tac beat
One Spot.
Third round— Wild Trale* beat Magneto:
Flush beat Rock Island Boy; O. K. Caplto!
beat Morning Glory; Beauty Spot beat Royal
Flush: Tic Tac a bye.
Fourth round— Wild Tralee beat Flush; O. K.
Capitol beat Tic Tac; Beauty Spot a bye.
Fifth round — Wild Tralee beat Beauty Spot;
O. K. Capitol a bye.
Final round— O. K. Capitol beat Wild Tralee.
At Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 22.— Th© Wash
ington's birthday coursing- meet at Agri
cultural Park brought out a large attend
ance despite the counter attractions.
Owing to the presence of General Shatter
in the city only a 32-dog stake was run,
so as to give all the citizens a chance
to see the parade in the morning, and the
coursing did not commence until about
noon. The features of the day were the
phenomenal performances of Stella B,
Bunnell's game little bitch, and the de
feat of Kitty Scott by Orpheum Lass.
Passons, however, captured first money
with Queen Reef, with Stella B second,
Orpheum Lass third and Fleetfoot fourth.
Assistant Fire Chief Ed Smith leaves
for San Francisco to-night with Kitty
Scott and Mountain Belle, who are en
tered in the John Grace cup race.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHIBKT li
recommend' by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
' ADVE^TISEMSNTS^
y^j^*j^^ lawns^^/^vyvsA- 1
\ new goods w
early buds
I of gentle spring:
53 the return of two of oar buyers from the New York ]|
markets is the sign for a vigorous display of new goods : a
? we invite your early inspection of the following: i
> 1 Tifiwhlark satin duchesse, n6W 2 cases 10-4 brown /
S satins satin " luxor V sheeting sheeting, ./«"■•■ 90 V
V wunb sat merveil- . • inches wide, good /^
? leux, also black peau de soie in quality, worth 17c- yard .... 14 C V
elegantly rich patterns three 30Q pajf |ace J>
0 grades, peryard..s|, $1.25, $1.50 cupta | ns tains put on sale V
1 new Colored in fancy corded . first ■ thing to-day, f
I new COlOrea effects, a direct 3 3-8 yards long, in white and I
p bengalines purchase> e for ecru , per pair $1 C
} waists and trimmings,' ten of the j new ladies' fine
I new spring tints, 19 inches wide J underwear - combed egyp- ?
\ per yard $1 ""** WA . t j an cotton ves+| V
1 lfu'.^V^';. ; -.'i : . low neck, no sleeves, richelieu f
\ new plaid two lines of fancy rjbbed co(ors inkand b!ue { V
r cilVg plaid silks, in . • r /
S SUKS spring colorings, fine combed Egyptian cotton vest,
3 designed for the new shirt waist | Jow neck, no sleeves, color whit* C
C effects, 19 inches wide, two quali- fanc V crochet Sllk neck and arm- >
S ties . . . , . . . 75C and 85c yard ! lets ;•/• • •••••• V," 25c V
f fine swiss ribbed lisle vest, low V
1/5 new Pekin fancy , as fancy neck, no sleeves, color white, lace S3
2 stripes can be, plain co i neck and armlets. . \ .33 l-3c 2
"2 ' • ored grounds, ex- ' ■ • .  __
| tra heavy; blue stripes on a black \\r%7Ctr* breeding cage 75c
g tra heavy; blue stripes on a black , Dazar bjrd 5c
ground, cardinal on green, cardi- j items bathtubs !.**".* 10c JS"
nal on blue, purple on black, 19 i feed cups 5c ; cage hooks 10c C|
22 inches wide .... «l j cage spring 5c ; bras* cage 50c Sj
CJ , * '•• ... . v a 3 piece garden set for boys 10c
• (samples sent out of the city.) (hoe, rake and shovel.) 1
f '. new ribbons: new gloves : new laces: S
J new waists: new neckwear: new wash goods: ?
5 937 to 947 Market street. C
l^^\y\y\y^ new percales -^•\y>vy^V
they :p:layed golf.
Interesting Games on Both Sides of
the Bay.
The final round of the club champion-
Bhip at match play, whioh has remained
undecided since the Christmas holidays,
was played yesterday at Presidio Links
and resulted in a victory for H. Babcock,
who defeated J. W. Byrne by 4 up.
Eleven competitors entered the Wash
ington birthday handicap, at eighteen
holes, match play. The first round result
ed as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO GOLF CUTTB—WASHING
TON BIRTHDAY HANDICAP.
PLATER.
Handi-
• cap.
S. L. Abbott Jr ...
H. Babcock
0
4
2 up
H. D. Pillsbury
C. P. Eells
4
12
1 up
E. J. McCutchen ...]
C. Page... ...I
4
4
1 up
A. B. Watson .' j
J. W. Byrne j
12
4
7 up
J. D. Harvey
P. D.. Martin
12
12
4 up
H. B. Goodwin |
•
*
•Drew a bye.
The handicaps given were two-thirds of
those that the players would receive at
medal play. In the second round the
players were paired as follows: H. Bab
cock versus H. D. Pillsbury; E. J. Mc-
Cutchen versus J. W. Byrne, and H. B.
Goodwin versus J. D. Harvey. The match
will be concluded on Saturday.
Play commenced on the Oakland links
at 10 o'clock in the morning and continued
throughout the day. The mixed four
somes, the earlier rounds of which were
played last Saturday, were concluded. In
the last round Miss Alice Moffltt and P.
E. Bowles Jr., aftor a close contest, de
feated Mrs. W. Pierce Johnson and P. E.
Bowles.
The event of the day. however, on the
Adams Point links was men's foursomes,
at nine holes. Ten pairs entered, and the.
game was played on this principle: ten
subtracted from sixteen (the nearest pow
er of 2 above ten) gives six: accordingly
six pairs drew byes, leaving four pairs in
the preliminary round, which resulted
thus: J. A. Folger and Rlckard defeated
Hubbard and Ames, while E. R. Folger
and Horace Miller suffered defeat at the
hands of Fitzgerald and Knowles.
In the second round there were eight
pairs, who played with the following re
sults: Hutchinson and Greenwood defeat
ed Pierce and Magee; Bowles and Requa
defeated Cooke and McNear; MeKee and
McDonald won from Taft and Bowles Jr.,
while J. A. Folger and Rickard were vic
torious over Fitzgerald and Knowles. Of
the four pairs left in the third round
Hutchinson and Greenwood beat Bowles
and Requa, and MeKee and McDonald
defeated J. A. Folger and Rickard. In
the final round Hutchinson and Green
wood defeated MeKee and McDonald by
1 up, and won the competition, for which
prizes purchased with the entrance fee*
will be awarded.
Keith's; it costs us labor and money to
get up an opening. Com 11 and take advan
tage of the same. "Keith's," 808 Market.*
A Company Outing.
Company X of the League of the Cross
Cadets celebrated Washington's birthday
by holding a private picnic at Leona
Heights. The members of the organiza
tion, accompanied by their intimate
friends, attended in large numbers. An
excellent repast was served at noon. Im
mediately after luncheon games were in
augurated and an interesting time was
had. The Johns brothers furnished excel
lent music for dancing, which was kept
up until late in the afternoon. The suc
cess of the outing was due to the efforts
of the commander of the company. Cap
tain J. Riley, Lieutenant A. Hanly, Ser
geant T. Branson, Sergeant A. C. Far
rell, C. Buckley and J. Carroll. •
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, rooms 6-7.
The Blows Killed Her.
Autopsy Surgeon Zabala made a post
mortem examination yesterday on the
body of Ah Quey Young, kicked to death
last Friday by Looey Long, and found
that death had been caused by blows on
the pit of the woman's stomach.
Dr. ry Evelyn, returned from the East. Office.
Phelan building. •
mm)
3-Day Specials
SUGAR CORN, tin .....lOc
Finest quality of Maine Corn.
Regular price, loc. ■..."• -.-
New Orleans Molasses, gallon 75c
Our new. crop, which is ■
exceptionally choice, has Just
arrived. Regular price, $1 00.
PLYMOUTH GIN, b0t..........;....90c
Cnates & Co.'s England.
Regular price, $1 10.
LUCCA OLIVE OIL, qt. bot 50c
The genuine imported
article of excellent quality.
RIPE OLIVES, qt 20c
Choice California black
ripe Olives, . fine flavor.
Regular price, 25c. £|
ROYAL MALT WHISKEY, bot. 75c
The purest brand of Malt .
Whiskey, especially recommended
for medicinal use.
Regular price, $1 <V>.
' Step In and sample Van Camp's celebrated
Baked- Beans, Soups and Macaroni and Cheese
which are being demonstrated at our Stockton-
street store this week. ".":-,*
Telephone and Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. . ■ Corner Lombard.
Telephone Miin 6522. Telephone .West IM.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMfl. . I
Suppose It's a Sideboard ||
Needed next. You want one that pro- H
sents a good appearance and Is every bit H
as good as It ■ looks. - Li
- So many of them are deceits look good B
at a distance, but when closely exam- f
ined are ■ found to •be roughly finished- L
drawers won't slide easily— doors stick— t
loose Joints— and numerous other faults |J
which time and use will disclose. M
Ours are not that kind. We want you II
to ■ see just what kind they the»« M
98 .OO ones in "particular. , p
They are specials at 19.00 this week, ■
co . don't tarry. . You' ll be money .in fcl
pocket if you buy one. ». 13
THE J. NOON AN M
FURNITURE CO,, Ft
"ICTJ to 1023 Mission st., above Sixth. H
Open Evenings. Phone South, 14. B
■ " I find them the best preparation tor
colds, 'coughs and asthma."— MßS. B. A.
Watson, Temperance Lecturer.
DDfIU/iy'G Bronchial
DKUW N OTroshes
'- '.:",' OF BOSTON „•
Sold in boxes only— Avoid imitations.