VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 88.
THE SITUATION
AT MANILA IS
MOST SERIOUS
It Is Believed That Admiral Dewey
Sees Danger of German
Intervention.
Otis Cables to Lawton at Colombo to Hurry
His Troops Forward With All
Possible Dispatch.
COLOMBO, Island of Ceylon. Feb. 26, 6:30 a. m. — The United States transport Grant,
which sailed from New York for Manila on January 19 with troops under the command of Major
General Henry W. Lawton on board, arrived here to-day. General Lawton received a cablegram
from Major General Otis saying:
"Situation critical. Your early arrival necessary."
He also received from General Corbin. United States adjutant general, a cable dispatch
urging him to hurry. General Lawton ordered his officers to buy supplies regardless of expense,
and the transport is taking on coal and water hurriedly. She will try to reach Manila without
further stop.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent
telegraphs: With the arrival of
the German cruiser Kaiserin Au-
gusta at Manila to-day, and the
reports of filibustering expeditions from
Japan in the interest of Aguinaldo,
.there is a well defined suspicion in the
public mind here that the •political
ms" of Admiral Dewey for desir
i must be interpreted in
the broadest sense that her presence is
E much for moral effect in pre-
Ign interference as in
bringing the insurgents to terms.
The anxiety of the officials has
reached such a point there is no fur-
Eoubt that Rear Admiral Dewey
will be asked to submit an explanation.
The statement that Admiral Dewey's
dispatch came in open English is an
error. The department received from
him yesterday one relating to the ar
rival of the Yorktown, which was in ]
plain English, and the other relati.e to j
the Oregon, which was in the navy !
r. It was not intended that this \
dispatch shouid have been given pub
licity, but in the haste of preparation
of matter to go before the Cabinet it
escaped close scrutiny on the part of
Secretary Long and was permitted to
reach the press along with other cur
rent routine dispatches.
It was pointed out that this Govern
ment has an ample force at Manila to
THE KAISER IS
NO FRIEND TO
THIS COUNTRY
His Intimate Friend Warns the
Powers Against the Wealth and
Pretensions of America.
Special Cable to The Call and the N ew York Herald- Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
J ] PARIS, Feb. 25. — Prince Antonio Radziwill is either s
% very indiscreet or else he has been badly misquoted by La „.
s? Liberte. 88
•* The Prince was sent to reperesent the Kaiser at the a
•' funeral of the late Felix Faure. In an interview with a dip-
js .lomatic personage attached to the service of La Liberte he g?
S3 goes out of his way to-night to destroy the good effect of 8?
Baron yon Billow's declaration of friendly feelings on the a
J3 part of Germany for the United States. a
88 After painting the Kaiser's sympathies for France in 88
85 glowing colors, and after sho wing how improbable, if not a
' impossible, is an understanding with England, Prince Rad- c ,
Sj zi will makes the following grave declaration: jg
& '"But there is another country against which the Conti- m
." nental powers ought to come to an agreement for the or- ss
°? ganization of their economic defense. I mean the United **
S? States, of which the pretensions and wealth are becoming a j
-88 danger for us all."' 88
\ Prince Radziw ill's personal intimacy with the Kaiser
2? gives tenfold weight to the foregoing passage, for it would ss
85 seem the true sentiments of Berlin with regard to the &
*I United States. *j
-k JEW YORK, Feb. 23.— The Wash
|\ I ington correspondent of the Her-
I\J aid telegraphs: Administration
[ * officials with whom I talked to
night severely criticized the dec
laration of Prince Radziwill in these
words: "There is another country
against which the continental powers
sht to come to an agreement for the
..ization of their economic defense
—I- mean the United States."
It has been apparent to the authori
• ■<r some years that Germany looks
upon the United States as her most
> • rmidable commercial rival, and she
had been subjecting American trade to
many petty annoyances in the hope of
.crippling it.
The action of the German Govern
ment in reducing the number of inspec
The San Francisco Call.
I provide protection to foreigners, and
; marines from foreign men of war
would form a very small guard, which
could not be effective against the Fill
', pinos unless supported by American
troops.
While the authorities are anxious to
place at General Otis' disposal all the
troops he may need there seems to be
no apparent desire on his part for the
department to hasten reinforcements to
him. The statement in his dispatch
that no anxiety need be felt here had
a quieting effect, and the result was an
order this afternoon directing that two
companies of the Ninth Infantry be
sent to Vancouver Barracks, there to
take station, and that the remainder
of the regiment proceed to San Fran
cisco.
It is now apparent to the authorities
that General Otis is confident he has
the situation well in hand and the only
thing over which they feel any concern
is Rear Admiral Dewey's mysterious
dispatch concerning the Oregon.
Secretary Long is quoted this morn
ing as saying: "I am sure that Dewey's
dispatch has no international signifi
cance. You may state that positively.
Probably he wants a fine ship there,
as the American Commissioners are
about due, and it will give weight to
the American representations."
Naval officers -who were seen on the
subject were far from agreeing with
tions of American meat products to one
general inspection had led the authori
ties to hope that a beginning made in
the way of establishing friendly com
mercial relations with the German Em
pire had been made, but the declara
tion of Prince Radziwill shows clearly
that Germany is still bent on injuring
the trade of the American nation, and
finding that it is impossible to do it her
self she is now bidding on a European
alliance to accomplish the result she
desires.
No apprehension exists that her ef
forts will be successful. In some quar
ters there is a disposition to believe
that Prince Radziwill spoke with
out authority, and it is highly proba
ble that inquiry will be made to ascer
tain if his sentiments are indorsed by
the German Emperor.
SA^ FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
THE GERMANS
DOUBT STORY
OF TROUBLE
. Special Cable to The Call and the New
"♦" York Herald. Copyrighted. 1893. by 4
.+. James Gordon Bennett. a
■*■ BERLIN, Feb. 25.— Much at- ♦
♦ tention but small credit is given 4
♦ to a special dispatch from Lon- 4
4- don, published in this evening's 4
4- Vossische Zeitung, that according 4
4- to the New York information of 4
4- the Morning Leader "the Wash- 4
4 ington Government has received 4
4 a cipher dispatch in which Ad- 4
4 miral Dewey states that Admiral 4
4- yon Deidrich having taken steps 4
4 to land a detachment of marines 4
4- from the cruiser Irene to protect 4
4- German interests, the American 4
4- admiral replied that if he carried 4
4 the proposal into execution he 4
-4 would blow up her pinnace." 4
-4 Admiral yon Deidrich having, 4
-- since the events of the late war. ■♦■
4 received a communication from 4
4- home to the effect that had he -4
4 been more diplomatic in his con- 4
4- duct his services would have 4
4- be.en more appreciated,, and also 4
4 having knowledge that his gov- 4
4- eminent has stated, by the Mtn
-- ister of Foreign Affairs, as first 4
-4 announced In the Herald and 4
-f subsequently in the Reichstag, 4
■♦■ that it has no wish to hinder the 4
4- United States in any way in the 4
-4 Philippines, the suggestion of his 4
-4 having made trouble is not cred- 4
4 Ited. Should he have done so he 4
4 will undoubtedly suffer. 4
-4 >
444444-444 4-44 44-4 44-
Secretary Long in the above opinion.
It was said, with some degree of in
dignation, that Admiral Dewey would
hardly ask that a battleship of the
Oregon's proportions be dragged 3000
miles across the Pacific merely to pro
vide luxurious quarters for the Ameri
can Commissioners, or to impress a
handful of German marines with the
might of this government. The general
opinion expressed was that Admiral
Dewey, in sending his dispatch, had in
view much more serious business.
If the dispatch assigning "political
reasons" for desiring the presence of
the Oregon had been received from
some one less careful in his choice of
words and forms of expression than
Dewey the same importance might not
be attached to it. But Admiral Dewey
is a diplomat and far-sighted, and his
dispatches have all been remarkable for
their directness and their discrimina
tion in the use of words and phrases.
The use of the phrase "for political
reasons," coming from him is regarded
as surely bearing all the significance
that the most careful use of the words
could imply.
In Congressional circles the opinion
is almost universal that the dispatch
cannot relate to anything but an inter
national phase of the Philippine situ
ation. It is felt it does not necessarily
follow that any foreign complication is
actually at hand, though even that
might be inferred, but it is thought.
rather, that Dewey sees danger ahead
and desires to guard against it and to
prevent the development of a serious
crisis.
It is not thought among men abreast
of the situation that either the Presi
dent or the administration officials be
lieve in the explanation of the disDatch
which they want the public to accept.
The censored press dispatch announc
ing the meeting of foreign Consuls at
Manila, with the exception of the Brit
ish Consul, and that British sailors
have permission to land every evening
for the purpose "of wetting down th^
Consulate and banks," is regarded as
peculiarly significant, and is thousht
to furnish a key for the interpretation
of the Dewey dispatch, although th? of
ficials say they have not been advised
that the Consuls did meet.
The disposition In well-informed
Congressional circles is to look upon
the situation as threatening, if not ac
tually serious.
PLAN TO MAKE DEWEY
AN ADMIRAL APPROVED
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— The Naval
CITY OF CEBU TAKEN BY THE PETREL.
MANILA, feb. 25.— The German Cruiser KaiseriQ Augusta,
| which arrived here last Qigbt from lloilo, brought news that the
I United States guoboat Petrel f)ad visited the islar)d of Cebu, in
| the Visayas group of the Philippines, ar}d hoisted tl}e Americar)
| flag. The President of the local governmeQt of the island declared
I that he yielded only to superior force.
TO OVERTHROW
THE GOVERNMENT
OF GUATEMALA
Alleged Organization of a Filibus
tering Expedition to Invade
Central America.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 25.— The Times wfll print to-morrow the de
tails of an alleged filibustering expedition having for its object the
overthrow of the Government of Guatemala, in Central America.
According to this story a regiment of a thousand men has been
formed in Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago, and a second regiment
has been formed in the East. Two companies are to leave Kansas City
by rail to-night, it is said, en route to the scene of the proposed inva
sion via St. Louis and New Orleans.
According to the information of the Times the two companies
formed in Kansas City have been recruited from volunteers recently
mustered out of the Third and Fifth Missouri Regiments. Two cap
tains of the Fifth Regiment and several non-commissioned officers of
the regiment are said to have been the recruiting officers at this point.
A representative of the Times was present at a meeting In a hail
here to-night at which 100 men signed for the expedition and pledged
themselves to secrecy. Another meeting at which fifty men signed was
held in another part of the city.
The volunteers were told that they would leave Kansas City Sunday
night, and that all the transportation by rail and water had been ar
ranged for.
A Guatemalan named Sandoval, the representative of a former
Governor of Guatemala, is said to be the organizer of the expedition,
and it is stated that the invaders are to receive their pay in grants
of land and other privileges in the event of the success of the revolu
tion.
Colonel Milton Moore, late commander of the Fifth Missouri Regi
ment, was offered command of the expedition, through a Kansas City
lawyer, who spoke for Sandoval, but Colonel Moore states that he re
fused to have anything to do with the filibusters.
Committee of the House to-day di
rected a favorable report on the Senate
bill creating the grade of admiral and
intended for Rear Admiral Dewey. The
bill was recently added as a* amend
ment to the naval appropriation bill,
but as some question was raised as to
this method of procedure the commit
tee determined to report the bill as an
independent measure.
The committee also acted favorably
on the Senate bill granting two months'
extra pay for naval service outside the
United States during the war with
Spain.
FIRE OF FILIPINOS
IS MORE ACCURATE
MANILA, Feb. 25.— Later reports
show there was considerable fighting at
Caloocan last night. The Filipinos are
becoming more accurate in their firing.
During the skirmish last night two
Americans on the railroad were slight
ly wounded. A member of the Kan
sas regiment was shot through the head
this morning. It is believed his wound
is mortal.
A Spaniard with a flag of truce came
through the lines of the Kansas regi
ment this morning at half past 8
o'clock. Filipinos are visible in force to
the northward.
The deputation from Negros Island
which came here after the people there
had accepted the rule of the United
Stats is evidently pleased with its re
ception. Its members will return to
Bacolet. the capital of the island, on
Tuesday.
The military police have raided sev
eral suspected houses in the various
districts, capturing small bodies of
twenty or thirty persons in each place.
This and the 7 o'clock ordinance is ef
fectually dispelling the fears of the na
tives of a tkreatened outbreak, who
did not care, singly or collectively, to
appear on the streets after dark. The
feeling in the city has decidely im
proved.
The Chinese are still timorous. Hun
dreds of applicants for cedulas besiege
"the Register's office, the natives ap
parently being under the impression
that their possession insures them from
Interference and the Ignominy of being
searched for arms on the streets. It
Is generally believed that the disas
trous attempts to attack the city and
destroy property, the Filipinos them
selves being the worst sufferers, will
prevent their recurrence, but every pre
caution is being taken to deal with an
emergency if it arises. The insurance
agents refuse to entertain any claims
on account of Wednesday's fires. They
intimate that General Otis, having
guaranteed the safety of life and prop
erty of the inhabitants, is responsible
for these claims.
The German first class cruiser Kais
erin Augusta has arrived here.
POSITION OF SPANIARDS
BECOMING INSECURE
MADRID, Feb. 25.— General Rios,
who commanded the Spanish troops in
the Philippines, cables from Manila
that the position of the Spaniards there
is "becoming very insecure, owing to
the movement of the insurgents of the
town."
The Chamber of Deputies continued
I the debate on the peace treaty, the dis
' cußsion consisting mainly, of personal
1 recriminations by the members.
Senor • Sagasta eloquently eulogized
the heroism of the army. He did not
deny that some might have failed in
their duty, but did not believe that in
dividual faults could be laid to the
army as a whole. ,
"If, " continued the Premier, "a di
rect accusation is made, the Govern
ment is prepared to bring the guilty
persons before the courts."
Senor Sagasta declared that it was
untrue that the country had lost con
fidence in the army.
Marshal de Campos is about to sub
mit to the Senate a motion signed by
all the generals in the Senate, demand
ing a parliamentary inquiry into the
conduct of the recent war.
One New Smallpox Case.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.— Out of the
four suspects that had been under the
surveillance of the officers of the Health
Department Friday night, only one real
case of smallpox developed to-day. One
death occurred to-day.
WAS THE PARIS
POPULACE READY
FOR REVOLUTION?
Failure of Deroulede's Attempt to
Incite Roget to Treason De
clared a Miracle.
Special Cable to The Call and the Kew York
Heralo. Copyrighted. IS9S, by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS, Feb. 23.— 1t was only after the
Faure funeral ceremony was over that
political feeling pent up out of respect
to the dead, so innate in the French,
commenced to find vent and expression,
and then the army received an un
qualified ovation.
It seems a miracle that M. Derou
lede's attempt to incite General Roget
to treason hung fire. Certain it is that
the enormous crowd on the Place de la
Nation if once supported by General
Roget would have swept everything be
fore them. The Place de la Republique
is on the direct line of march, where
they were at the time. It is estimated
that about 500,000 people crowded the
Place, and gave the generals a splendid
reception as they passed. Several re
cognized acclamations by raising their
hats and smiling, while other generals
and officers merely saluted.
As the soldiers entered the barracks
on the Place de la Republique they
were cheered so wildly that the sound
was deafening.
It is useless forming opinions as to
what might have happened if Derou
lede had been successful, because he
was not. Still I give you the situation
as it looked to me the day of the af
fair. As it was. Deruulede simply
walked into a trap. The gates of the
barracks closed upon him, thus reliev
ing the Government of all responsibil
ity of taking any initiative in the af
fair.
If guilty of nothing more or less than
sedition, M. Deroulede has committed
an unpardonable sin in making himself
ridiculous, so dangerous to would-be
leaders in politics in Paris. One paper
practically calls him a historical per
son who cannot exercise sufficient self
control to keep his mouth shut when he
ought to, and says he let himself be
carried away by the ardor of his tem
perament. Desmoulins says General
Roget is he whom the revisionists con
sider the soul of the military plot, and
adds in conclusion in his article that
he heard some one on the boulevard
exclaiming in connection with Derou
lede, "A brave fellow, what a pity he
didn't succeed," which, however, the
writer does not appear to share.
An interesting detail about M. Lou
bet's appearance in public yesterday is
that his reception was lukewarm on the
part of the enormous sea of people en
joying the Parisian holiday. Only one
person was reported at a late hour at
the Prefecture for having cried "A bas
Loubet!" But while M. Loubet was
not insulted, he was not even ordinar
ily well acclaimed. On his return from
the funeral his carriage was almost lost
in \ the swarm of dragoons who escorted
him at a gallop.
I hear any amount of funny things
which have been going on at the For
eign Office in connection with M. Lou
bet. He is already said to have in
vented the word, "norgatau" for "nou
gat."
It is said that M. Loubet and M. Cm
zier, the introducer of Embassa
dors, have already had extraordinary
dialogues. M. Crozier very naturally
argues he must do something for his
money as he arranges ceremonies and
gives officials points about state eti
quette. M. Crozier urged that M. Lou
bet on the evening of his election
should stop at the Foreign Office, as it
was the proper thing to do, seeing that
the late President's family has not left
the Elysee. but to M. Croxier's despair
M. Loubet positively refused, saying he
was goin«r home to his wife and chil
dren, state etiquette or not.
CONSTANS A CANDIDATE
FOR PRESIDENT OF SENATE
! LONDON. Feb. 26.— The Paris corre-
PRICE FIVE CESTS.
spondent of the Observer says that M.
Constans, who was recently appointed
French Embassador to Turkey, has of
ficially announced that he is a candi
date for the presidency of the Senate.
He will arrive here on Friday. His
chances are considered good in spite of
the violent opposition of the Radicals.
ANGLO-FRENCH STRAIN
SERIOUSLY INCRIASED
NEW YORK, F-b. 23.— A cable to the
j Journal from London says: There has
: been a temporary halt for some un
! known reason in Lord Salisbury's ne
: gotiations with Embassador Cambon
i for the settlement of disputes between
England and France. There has been
j no conferences: between these two dip
lomats during the last week, although
: the Muscat incident led to an exchange
, of communications between the Foreign
I Offices of the two countries.
The French declare they had no no
| tion of obtaining a strip of territory
in the province of Oman on the Persian
j Gulf, but only a coal depot for the ben
i efit of trade.
The English action in forcing the
i Sultan of Oman to refuse the French
: request was neither correct nor polite
'' to France, so the diplomats across the
; channel assert. Coming on the heels of
J the Shanghai affair, it tends t<> prove
i to the Parisian mind the persistent ill
will of Great Britain toward France.
On the other hand. English diplomats
! assert that France by a secret intrigue
'> purchased from the Sultan of Oman a
j coaling station, and the agreement <lid
■ not forbid it being fortified. The sum
■ of the whole matter is. however, that
i the Anglo-French strain has seriously
increased.
DUKE OF ORLEANS
HAS ABANDONED HOPE
NEW YORK. Feb. 25.— A cable to the
Sun from London says: A Central
News dispatch from Brussels says the
Duke of Orleans started this evening
for Turin, where he will remain for
some time, ~oing thence to the Riviera
before returning to England with the
Duchess. The dispatch says that the
Duke has abandoned all hope of an im
mediate movement in France to over
threw the republic.
A CABLE TO THE
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
Senate Committee Agrees to Incor-
porate Provision for It in the
Sundry Civil Bill.
WASHINGTON', Feb. 23.— The Sen
ate Committee on Appropriations to
day agreed to incorporate a provision
in the sundry civil appropriation l>i!l
providing for the construction of a sub
marine cable connecting the United
States with the Hawaiian Islands. The
amendment adopted is the one intro
duced by Senator Butler, and it pro
vides for the laying of tne cable by the
United States and for its subsequent
ownership by the Government, the
Navy Department to perform the ser
vice and the cable when completed to
be operated by the Postoffice. Depart
ment.
Senator Butler's original proposition
provided for the extension of th^ cable
to the Philippine Islands, but the com
mittee decided not to make provision
for this extension because of the un
certainty of tenure of the United States
in the last-named islands.
Senator Butler made a statement be
fore the committee showing that the
cable could be laid to Honolulu for
$6,942,000.2
STRUGGLE OF THE
SENATORIAL FIGHT
IS NOW AT HAND
Important Changes in the Situation Predicted
for This Week.
BURNS' LAST DESPERATE EFFORT
The Mexican Is Given Until Next Wednesday to Bring to
Light His Boasted Supporters or Lose Mnch of His
Present Backing.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 25.— The belief that there
will be important changes in the Sena
torial situation next week is gaining
strength every hour. Members of the
Legislature who are not directly or re
motely connected with the "machine"
or race track elements express the
judgment that Burns cannot win, but
all agree that the colonel will put up a
hard fight to make some headway next
week.
The assertion that the Southern Pa
cific people are growing uneasy and
apprehensive over the colonel's failure
to develop strength is not idle rumor.
Several agents of the company have
been here to size up the contest and
submit a report of observations to Mr.
.Herrin.
Burns did have the impression firmly
fixed in Herrin's mind that a caucus
would take place after a few ballots.
When Dan failed to secure the caucus
at the time promised all the railroad
organs in the State, headed by the
Sacramento Record-Union, joined in a
general whip-cracking to force the cau
cus on the ground that the Republican
party demanded a speedy breaking of
the deadlock. Simultaneously county
• committee meetings were quietly work
ed up and prepared resolutions adopted
demanding that Senators and Assem
blymen sign for. a caucus. Every in
telligent and independent Republican in
• the Legislature saw at unce that the
appeal emanated from the railroad and
not from the people, and again the cau
cus scheme failed.
When the history in detail of the
MEXICAN DAN-" IF I CAN'T BREAK IT NO ONE ELSE SHALL."
i Senatorial struggle is written facts will j
J be produced showing that unspeakable ,
efforts were employed to force members
of the Legislature to subscribe to the !
caucus proposition. The wives and sis- |
ters of legislators were importuned to i
use their influence to bring about the j
result. Anonymous letters threatening [
exposure of moral delinquencies on the
path of legislators were sent to ladies.
Meanwhile the touts and persons de
riving a livelihood from the gambling j
propensities of the public assembled i
here in swarms and openly predicted \
that Burns had won the fight. The only j
result of the great hubbub was the de
sertion from Bulla to Burns of poor old
Simpson.
To-night the story is circulated and
generally credited that Burns must j
drag forth his staked-out men in the
open light <>f the joint convention. |
Wednesday next is the day designated
for the dragging out. In this connec
tion the statement is also made that
j Herrin demanded and obtained a list
of the members of the Legislature that
could be counted on to support Burns
:on the final round-up. The Call is in
formed that the list contains the names
jof Senators and Assemblymen who
never will consent to vote for Dan
! Burns.
The men who have in their hands the
management of the Senatorial candi
dacy of U. S. Grant declare that with
i possibly two or three exceptions the
legislators who are voting for him now
will vote for him to the end and will
resist any inducements that may be of
fered them to cast their votes for
Thomas R. Bard. Some days ago Sen
ator Boyr-e, when instructed by the
Ventura County Committee to change
i his vote from Grant to Bard, replied
i±iJ!i : »ah ittAJSItIBCO CAlili, BTJKDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
that he did not propose to take orders
from Dan Burns and the Southern Pa
cific Company even through the med
ium of the committee of one of the
counties within his Senatorial district.
In making this assertion he expressed
the sentiments of others who, like him,
are voting for Grant. Senator Boyce
believes that the railroad is behind the
scheme to bcom Bard for Senator. He
also believes that Mr. Bard has no
knowledge of this fact.
The Grant men have refused to have
anything to do with the proposition te
hold a conference of Republican legis
lators Monday afternoon for the same
reason that they refuse to consider
Bard as a legitimate factor in the Sen
atorial fight. They contend that such a
j conference as the one proposed is ad
vocated solely for the purpose of mak
ing it a stepping-stone to a secret cau
cus. All who have the slightest knowl
edge of the situation know that a se
cret caucus is the only means by which
Burns can hope to win. The Grant
people declare that if he cannot win
legitimately and in the open he shall
not win at all, and for that reason
they intend to oppose every scheme
that has for its object the holding of a
secret caucus.
The call for the proposed conference
provides that there shall be no discus
sion of the merits of any particular
candidate; that no vote shall be taken
as to any candidate, and that no vote
taken on any matter brought before the
conference will be binding. To the man
in the middle of the road this appears
on its face to be the veriest nonsense
that sober and presumably intelligent
legislators ever gave ear to. Still, al
most fifty of them have signed the call
and will, presumably, take part in the
rag-chewing match to-morrow after
noon.
It is easy to tell in advance what will
be done on the part of the Burns con
tingent at the conference. Such well
known and justly celebrated orators as
Dibble, Johnson and Shc-rtridge will be
present in force and will tell the assem
bled legislators that the only way to
break the Senatorial deadlock is for all
to agree to become parties Ur that
"time-honored and noble institution the
secret caucus." This will be the burden
of their song, and if they can succeed
in convincing any one of their hearers
that the glitter of their sophistry is
pure gold they will have gained a point
for Burns.
Small wonder that the Grant adher
ents are not in favor of a conference
that can only serve to give to the Burns
orators a chance to tell of the great
things that may be accomplished by a
secret caucus.
A LEGISLATURE OF
A THOUSAND JUNKETS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 25.— Following the excellent
example set before it by the Senate, the
Assembly has gone shy on its working
capital.
Attaches whose appointments were au
thorized and attaches who are simply
working on a "shoe string," that is to
say, no authorized appointment at all,
have pocketed the better part of the As
sembly's cash and more must be had. An
other item of expense that has footed up
no small total has been created by the
weekly junketing trips of the different
standing committees. If some one of the
State institutions has ncedofl a $15nn ice
making plant or a few hundred yards of
new wire fence it has cost $500 or $«00 to
send out the Ways- and Moans and Public
Buildings committees to look into It. It
has come to bo the practice here to bunch
OLD GROOVE VOTING.
© CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SAC
+ RAMENTO, Feb. . 25.— one
9 Senatorial ballot was taken to-
day, and it resulted in no change.
X Affairs have got quite into , their
5 old groove again. There were no
+ lachrymose legislators who needed
q the salve of sympathy, and it
+ transpired that Willie Hearst's
O flight across the Senatorial ; hori-
X zon was merely meteoric. As a
5 blinding effulgence Willie was a
O glittering- success for a minute,,
X but he didn't last. Stephen M.
O White, a Democrat, was again the
X -favorite. ..
O Vi The vote was as follows:
A BARNES - 9
X; ESTEE i 1
6 BULLA 10
± BURNS ..;.........' 22
O GRANT ...'.....;.. 22
"♦" BARD 8
O SCOTT 2
♦ DEVR1E5.......:.. ............. 1
O R05ENFELD. ................; 2
+ WHIT*) .........................19
O PHELAN 3
the legislators who want to spend Sunday
with their families or visiting in San
Francisco and send them off with the
Committee on Public Morals or some
other equally useful body and pay them
10 cents a mile to get out of town. This
is comlnjf to be a Legislature of a thou
sand junkets, and every one of them ia
costing a small barrel of money.
A new definition has evidently been put
on that abused old saw about economy.
To anticipate the deficit two appropria
tion bills were rushed through their first
readings to-day in th£ Assembly in almost
as short time as it takes to write It. One
of them carries an appropriation of $12,000
for contingent expenses. The other $7000
for clerk hire and like expenses.
NO FAVORS SHOWN
TO THE UNIVERSITY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 25.— The State University
had a bad half hour before the Senate to
day. Tho subject was broached in an
amendment submitted by Senator Rowell
to Valentine's Assembly bill 914, relating
to State printing:.
Valentines bUI directs that all public
printing be done at the State Printing:
Office at the expense of the funds of the
several institutions ordering the work.
The bill specifically mentions the print
ing for the Regents, and Senator Rowell's
amendment was to strike out this refer
ence and so allow the university to go on
as it has been, running its own printing
office and doing most of its own printing,
I. .sides the work on the Occident.
Boyce, Smith and Dickinson opposed the
amendment, for they believed the univer-
I sity should have no more latitude in the
I line of printing than any other of the pub
j lie Institutions. Dickinson referred to the
financial affairs of the institution and de
clared that it was not run according to
business principles. He referred to money
j which had been spent uselessly, directing
I attention particularly to the scandal dur-
I Ing the last session of the Legislature
! over a bill put in by Julius Kahn for $2500
for work in the Legislature.
Smith spoke of the printing office at the
college and declared it was almost a rival
to the State institution. He said he was
opposed to granting any more power in
: a financial form to any institution which
was done In such a slipshod, run-down-at
the-heel policy as was Berkeley ("ollepe.
I He said there was just as much reason
for printing offices in the prisons and hos
pitals as at the university.
Rowell defended the Regents. He said
they had handled millions of money and
for the thirty years they had run the In
stitution they had never had a scandal.
He said there was a prejudice against the
university in the Senate and he did not
expect his amendment to pass. He said
the printing office at the college is run
partly by the students and that they turn
out the work at a cost much less than at
the State office. The amendment was lost,
however, and the university office must
suffer.
FAIRWEATHER WAS
LOCALLY ZEALOUS
A Letter From Washington Ex
plains Conditions of State
Irrigation.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 25.— 1n his zealous efforts
to get the Government to build irrigation
ditches and impounding dams in Fresno
County Assemblyman Kairweather has at
tracted the attention of the officials of
the Geodetic and Geological Survey at
Washington.
A month or more ago Mr. Fairweather
introduced Assembly bill 538, which pro
vides that a commissioner shall be ap-
pointed to co-work with tne Geodetic sur
veyors in making surveys in the San
Joaquin Valley and other arid lands, for
reservoir sites, dams and other appurte
nances to the impounding and storing of
water. The bill further provided that the
first work should be done in the Kings
River Valley in Fresno County.
Fairweather has made a hot fight for his
bill and has evidently sent some glowing
messages to Washington. One of them
has brought the following reply, a copy
i of which every member of the Assembly
received to-day:
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20, 1599.-Hon. John
Fairweather, Assembly Chamber. Sacramento.
a l —Dear Sir: I have received yours of the
Sth'lnßt. and in reply wish to say that In It
you make some statements which are incorrect,
and as you are no doubt making them to your
colleagues I shall send a copy of this letter
to every member so they will all know the
• ■ x ' t ' ' t i &cts.
Referring to the proviso in Assembly bill 533
that surveys shall be made on Kings River you
! nay in your letter: •
"If we are beaten out of that proviso we will
not see a cent In the San Joaquin Valley."
This la a statement that should not be made.
The Geological Survey assure us that surveys
will be made on Kings River, but It ie their
desire, if sufficient funds can be made avail
able, to begin work simultaneously in the ban
.Toaquln Valley and -in Southern California.
Furthermore, under a Senate resolution, they
have Just prepared a report as to surveys for
reservoirs (Senate document No. 116, Fifty
! fifth Congress, ' third session) and on page 19
I thereof Mr. Newell, speaking of the San Joa
[ quln Valley, says: ""The most pressing need
of reservoirs, however, is probably on the head
water of Kings River."
I Again, under this bill, the Governor, through
his commissioner, has control of the location of
surveys and, as Governor of the whole State,
would unquestionably consider the relative
needs of every section. •
Under these circumstances, It is questioning
the good faith and fairness of the Geological
Survey. and of the Governor to insert such a
clause in the bill and you have no basis for
any such statement as that quoted above. Its
Insertion would of course enable you to make
to your constituents the statement quoted from
your letter to your own advantage, but sueh 1
sectional and personal considerations should
have no recognition in framing a. measure of
this nature.
The greatest difficulty we have to overcome
in the regeneration of our irrigation situation
In California Is this narrow and selfish disposi
tion to grab for petty local advantages without
recard to benefits on a broad scale for the
whole commonwealth. I would regret very!
much to see this Legislature Indorse your very
narrow and mistaken policy.
We have secured from the Senate Commerce
Committee here a favorable recommendation of
the Warren amendments providing for the con
struction or reservoirs under the hittenden
survey, and appropriating $50,000 for the survey
of one or more sites In every arid nd semi-arid
State If we can get this through the Senate
and fun the gauntlet of the conference com
mittee it Insures not only the survey of sites
in California through the War Department, but
the/building of the reservoirs if the people will
only follow wise counsels and bury all section
-3 But' even though we succeed with these ap
propriations in the river and harbor bill, they
have nothing to do with the Geological Survey,
and Assembly till 538, - with the reference to
Kings River stricken out. should be passed by
the California Legislature, because we are
bending every effort here to get the Geological
Survey appropriation Increased to *1«> 000. so
they will have ample funds to co-operate with
the State In surveys in California. *■
Again, in your letter you say: I believe it
is a mistake to not pay the commissioner his
legitimate expenses which he must be at. It
Is impossible for him to do all required of him
without expense." i . "
In this you are mistaken because the duties
Of the commissioner will be wholly perfunc
tory, and he need not incur any expense what
soever in their discharge. In my previous letter
mailed to members of the Irrigation committees
and to you. I explained the only reason why it
seemed advisable to have a commission. I sin
cerely hope that you will not overlook the fact
that surveys, although they may impound
, votes will not Impound water, and that we are
working for the actual construction of these
reservoirs, and must adhere to a broad polio
which will unite not only the whole State of
California, but the whole West, In a policy
which will lay. aside all personal and local
selfishness and work patiently for the greatest
good to the greatest number.
The policy of Federal reservoir construction,
when finally adopted and firmly rooted, la broad
enough to cover every locality and community
and all must participate in Its *™J«J»i T I? v™u ™
very truly. GEORGE 11. SIAXWEL.U.
Mr. Fairweather is engaged in ponder
ing upon the suggestions of Mr. Maxwell.
A LITTLE JOKER
THAT SLIPPED IN
Trouble in Store /or the County
Government Bill When It
Conies Up.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 25.— There is trouble in
store for the county government bill when j
It returns from the hands of the printer, j
It has been before the proper committees j
of both houses of the Legislature and has j
been considered at the expense of several
valuable hours and still it has gone to the
printer with an important provision that |
It is not at all certain should be there.
The bill is one that was introduced In 1
the Senate by Senator Davis and in the i
House by Assemblyman Kelly. Roth bills .
are entitled "An act to amend r.r act en
titled an act to establish a uniform sys
tem of county and township government." ;
The Senate bill is a duplicate of the one
introduced in the Assembly, and they j
have been passed upon by the County \
Government committees of both houses
and by a joint committee. The Senate
committee had the bill before it a week
ago, and before the committee was also a
delegation from San Francisco which had
a joker to slip in. The clause the dele- <
gation wanted Included in the bill was
one to hold in office until 1903 the county
ufflcers of San Francisco who would have
held office under the county government
act now in force, for four years. It was
represented to the Senate committee that
the incumbents would never have run for
office had they any idea that they would |
not hold for four years, but under judi- ;
clous questions from members of the com- j
mlttee it was brought out that there was .
a full knowledge of the possibilities of the
charter being adopted and the consequent I
shortening of the terms by reason of a ,
new election under the new law.
Edgar Piexotto. attorney for the Sheriff,
Al Berthier. Recorder, and \V. A. Deane,
County Clerk of San Francisco, made up
the committee. They wanted an amend- ;
ment tacked on to the county government
bill allowing them to hold office regardless ;
of any new charter election, but the Sen
ate committee would not see it that way,
and the amendment, although considered,
was not adopted. In the Assembly com
mittee, however, It fared better. After a
long argument the desired amendment
waa added to the Assembly bill. Last j
night there was a meeting of the joint
Committee on County Government of the j
Assembly and that of the Senate and the j
county government bill was considered, ]
but no amendments such as the one pro
viding for the extra term for city offi
cials was passed. The bill was otherwise
thoroughly thrashed over and was or
dered sent to the printer.
Some of the Senators who are interested
in the bill took a laet look at it just before
it went over to the printing office, and
they struck a surprise in section 58Mi.
which provides that all county officers
elected in San Francisco in 1898 and whose
terms commenced January 1. 1899, should
hold office until January 1. 1903, or com- .
plete the four-year term which the char- \
ter expressly denies them.
There was a commotion at once. The
clerk of the Senate committee declared
he had no record of the amendment ever
having passed the Senate committee, and
he showed his notes to prove it. Senators .
and Assemblymen and clerks who attend
ed the session of the joint committee j
agree that the amendment was never I
passed by the joint committee, but the]
amendment is there, and now it will have ]
to be fought on the floor of the Senate.
It Is partially explained by one of the
clerks, who says that the amendment,
having been adopted by the Assembly
committee, was pasted in the bill, and
when the measure was considered by the
Senate committee it was overlooked ami I
went to the printer as coming from the
Senate committee as well as the Assem
bly committee, but it is a bad mistake and
may lead to a great deal of trouble and
delay before it is finally rectified.
There was some talk also of the manip
ulation of the amendment for the pur
pose of making a voluntary mistake, but
the prominent fact is that the amendment
is thorp and with the consent of but one
half the legislative body.
The unwelcome amendment is consid
ered particularly obnoxious because of
the results which may follow Its adop
tion. Should the Legislature be empow
ered to step in and say that officers whom j
the charter says shall hold office for two '
years may hold for four, there is no tell
ing what else it may do In the way of nul
lifying the new system of city govern
ment.
It was well known at the time the elec
tion was held in San Francisco that there
was every possibility that the charter
would pass and that it would be ratified
by the Legislature and that in the event
of such a combination of circumstances
the term of the officers elected at the
election last November would be only un
til there should be another election under
the new organic law of the city. The
claim that some of the officers believed
they were to hold for four years was
Bcoffed at by the Senate committee and
that is the reason there is much feeling
over the unexpected joker in the bill now
being printed.
STATE PRINTING BILL
PASSED UNDER SUSPENSION
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 25.— Valentine's Assembly
bill 914 was passed through the Assembly
to-day under a suspension of the rules.
The bill radically changes the present sys
tem of operating the State Printing Office,
and Mr. Valentine claims it will save
$156,000.
The bill directs that reports of State
officers, boards of officers, commissions,
trustees, regents and directors, required
or authorized by law to make reports, or
to publish any circulars or bulletins, and
all printed books, stationery or printed
matter of any kind must be printed, ruled
and bound at the State Printing Office,
at the expense of the officer, board, com
mission and so forth, ordering the print
ing done.
The Superintendent of State printing is
to determine the charge necessary for do
ing the work and must render an item
ized bill for the same to the officer, board
or commission ordering the printing.
These bills are to be audited for the State
Board of Examiners. The money so re
ceived composes the fund for the State
Printing Office.
Senatorial Time Limit Shortened.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- \
MENTO. Feb. 25.— The scheme In the ■
Senate now is -to save time by cutting j
short the burning words that the orators |
like to filng around the Senate chamber.
The Committee on Rules submitted a re
port this morning which recommended the '■
adoption of a rule cutting speakers from
ten to five minutes and the authors of
bills who wleh to speak on their measures
from twenty to ten minutes. The report
■was made a special order for Monday.
The bill providing for the examination j
and registration of plumbers came back
from the Committee on Hospitals. Health
and Quarantine with no recommendation.
The committee reported that as it wa's
late in the session and the bill made many
changes in the existing laws, it would not
Pa s S enator 1 Morehouse attempted to with
draw his notice of a motion to reconsider
the passage of the <•■>.,,. bounty bill but
Rnvc? obiected. It was set for Monday,
when it will probably ■be withdrawn, for
Boyce's objection was more on a question
of procedure than in opposition to tha
withdrawal. ■ .
Two Vetoes Sent In.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO Feb. 25.— Governor Gage to-day
marked his veto on Assembly bills 257 and
288. and George Root. Clerk of the Su
preme Court, is going back homo mad.
Bill 2*7. to which » was supplemental,
was designed to allow Mr. Root another
clerk and a stenographer. Bill 2SB raised
one of his deputies to the rank of chief
deputy and raised his salary JbOO per an
num. Governor Gage mere * xpl ains hat
there is really no need of another clerk
and typewriter, and that there have been
P rentv.,f\i.rks in times putwbo
willing to work as common deputies at the
old rate of $ISOO per annum
In vetoing Assemblybill 1».b3 -
Ich of Banta Clara, the one th n| ;£« t
other reasons. M- says tor on- 1 ng
Mr. Arnerich's English is not all it snot., i
be for a legislator, and he says also tha.
as Mr. Arnerich's bill reads, it would , ».
possible to bankrupt the State In a \et ,
short time if its provisions were aanere i
tO A S sembly e bli e i r iSB creates quarantine ! offi
cers, who may establish quarantU^ regu
lations on infected fruit trees ImponM
into or exported from this State, asuis
constructed there is no limit to the powers
of the officers it creates or any limit to
the salaries that may be paid. Tho Go\
ernor of a consequence objects.
Two Bills Favored.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 25. — Governor Gage this
morning sent word to the Assembly that
he had approved Assembly bill MO. by
Johnson, and Assembly bill 308. by Brown
of San Mateo. j . ■ :.._ :.. -.-.
Assembly bill 940 appropriates $15,000 to
be expended for a sewerage system at
Folsom State Prison.
Under special urgency it was rushed
through the Senate this morning and sent
back to the Assembly.
It was then sent to the Governor, who
lost no time in giving it his signature.
Bill 30$. by Brown, takes the appoint
ment of State Library Trustees out of the
hands of the Legislature and bestows the
privilege upon the Governor.
San Quentin Hospital.
CALL HEADQI'ARTFKS. SACRA
MKXTO. Feb. 23.— A Special Senate <om
mitt.-e. consisting of five members each
from Finance ami Claims. State Prisons
and Prison Buildings and Hospital?.
Health ami Quarantine committees, left
this afternoon for San Quentin. where it
will inspect the proposed site of the hos
pital for the use of the State for the con
struction of which there is • Mil now be
fore the Senate, it is t.> adjoin the State
prison buildings and become part of that
institution.
Dese 3d by Her Husband.
Mrs. Ailgttet H;tll of 913 Montgomery
strfft reportfl at the California-street
police station yesterday that her husband
had deserted her a day or two ago, leav
ing her penniless. He worked formerly in
Westerfeld's bakery on KTearny street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Pride Goeth
I 'Before a Fall."
Some proud people think
they have strong constitu-
tions, and ridicule the idea
;of disease. ]v, Such people
neglect their health, let the
blood run do<cvn, and their
stomach, kidneys and liver
become deranged.
Don't .be foolish about your health.
Use Hood's Sarsaparilla and you will
prevent the fall and save your pride.
Scrofulous Hip Disease— "My boy-
Willie had scrofulous hip disease from a
baby. Abscesses developed. Months at
the hospital, with best treatment, did no
good. They said he would never walk
again. He was helpless and wasted away
to nothing but skin and bone. Hood's Sar-
saparilla had helped me. and I gave It
to him. Imagine my delight at a wonder-
ful change. Abscesses all healed,
crutches thrown away. He is now tall
and stout, perfectly well and the thanks
are all due to Hood's Sarsapariila. Other
mothers with crippled children .should
know this." i MRS. EMMA V. DUFF,
AValpole, Mass.
Nervousness— "I was weak, nervous
and very delicate, staggered in attempting
to. walk. Hood's Sarsaparilla and Hoods
Pills made me well. I feel like another
person." MRS. LIZZIE SHERBERT.
Conduit street, Ext., Annapolis, Md.
Dyspepsia— "We all use Hood's Sarsa-
parilla. It cured my brother-in-law and
myself of dyspepsia. I owe my life to
it •' M. H. KIRK, 607 Franklin street.
Philadelphia.
Hood's Pills cure liver ilia; the non-lrrltat-
lag and only cathartic to take with Hood's
SargaparlUa. '
| "jgj SAvifYOUR MONEY ?|
\\ JaL. From $10 to $17.50 ;
' \ .^HBpftk You can get the best Ail- Woo! i "
i jjj&afflmm Suit Made to Order at (
:| Ml JOE POHEIM: :
I lEmKm ' . ' If you want a first-class, .]
1 1 ' Mac ' well-fitting suit of clothes <':
llvf from $20 to $40 go to i
II joe POHEIM !
,' "'Sjf! . Fine Clothes at 25 per ]
cent less than elsewhere. i
201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush, I.
I 1110-1112 Market St. , 8. F. y
Exposure to a sudden cli- - "it. . vJSWS^I
rnatlc change produces ■ •' &^Cf>iF/lf Liw?Si
Cold in the Head. gffesJ^MVoiS
neglect it and catarrh fol- Bs^#SSw|v
lows. Provided with • WHJSHtV* kb"> ;
Ely's Cream Balm k* *$?£m
you are armed against Wf >*"®4^'/H
NASAL CATARRH mt^M
It quickly .cures" cold in Hr\W^rmW
Cream balm ip placed Into nostrils, spreads
I over trie membrane and Is absorbed. Relief til
immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
1 —does not produce sneezing. Large size, 50c;
at druggists or by mail: trial size, 10c, by mail.
ELY, BROTHERS, 56 Warren st. ., New York.
DRjy[CNULTY.
npHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABr.EOLD
J. Specialist Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. Boot on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over -Oy'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
. to 3 dally; 6.3o to Sundays. 10 to i 2. Consul*
i tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
P. SOBGUE MrXUIiTY, M.».
'; •»«=.. Kearayßt., S>n Francisco. Cal.
D l 3 TT CTJ C FOR BARBERS. bak-
: jdk v JJ Ej O-• bootblacks, bath-
WAIUWAIUW UOUMB. billiard, tables,
i brewers, . bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, hourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
: hungers, printer?, painters, shoe factories,
I ■tablemen. ts»r-rr.nOr«. tann»r*. tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D A N A ) BITTERS. THB
great ? Mexican remedy; gives health an«
•tron*th to' sexual : orran*. ; Depot. 323 Market.RUDYARD KIPLING
NEAR TO DEATH
No Improvement in His
Condition.
B ALLIES OCCASIONALLY, BUT
'•..; NOT FOB LONG.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
; : -N'EW YORK. Feb. 25.— Rudyard Kip
ling's condition remained serious
throughout the day, and as no im
provement w ; , • toward night
■ jhiilch anxiety was manifest. So seri
.ously ill did the physicians consider
•■their patient at 9 o'clock that they Is
'•s.ued the following bulk-tin:
.■•."Mr. Kipling has been in a restless
condition throughout the afternoon and
.evening — one which occasions anxiety.
:" but is not without hip,."
At the bedside of Mr. Kipling during
.the night were his wife, bis two daueh
a son. J. M. Doubleday. Dr. Jane
v.ay. Dr. Dunham and three nurses.
Many others called but were not ad
mitted. A great many messages were
received, including some cablegrams
from London.
■ Shortly after midnight Mr. Double
day said that Mr. Kipling was resting
..more easily, but was still in a serious
.^condition and had been delirious at
: :'times. He rallied from his weak con-
though not to any great ext-r.t.
\ The rally, however, was encouraging.
.Mr. Doubleday said that Mr. Kipline
w;as at times conscious and had been
able to drink a little beef tea.
. :.At about 12:30 o'clock Dr. Janewav
■r the night and Dr. Dunham had
retired. Mr. Doubleday and Dr. Jane
; .! \vay's son will watch by the sick man's
bed all night.
WILL BE THE BRIDE
OF "BOB" BURDETTE
I^EPtS. CLARA 18. B-^IKEIEt.
■ PASADENA, Fob. 2Sl— The annoum emeflt of the engagement of Robert J.
Burdette. th-_- well-known author, lecturer end preacher, and Mrs. Clara B.
I :i published. Friends of both are much pleased In
tie is lecturing in Illinois at present, and is due here
which date the wedding will take place. He has
accep 1 • i occupy the pulpit of the First Presbyterian Church of this
: a ■ »w m ■: :'.hs thereafter, so that his coming has a double interest to
the community.
Mr.-. Baker is held in the highest esteem by a very wid^ circle of friend 3
- a lady of most lovable qualities, brilliant intellectual attainments and
social accomplishments that have beer, heightened by extensive travel. She
■harming personality, is possessed of ample means, and at her elegant
home on Oi Ye avenue dispenses a gracious hospitality that attracts
especially those of artistic and literary instincts. She founded and for some
c Ebell Club of Los Angeles. The friendship between her
ar.'l Mr. Bui a a somewhat romantic coloring, it having begun when
both v. - 4t-nts of Eastern States Mrs. Baker has a son in school
at Belmont. <'a!.. and Mr. Burdettc-'s only son is a student in a Pennsylvania
college.
Th» future home of the couple will be here and at Bryn Mawr. Pa., where
Mr. Burdett~ >wns a summer residence. He has found time in the intervals of
his lecturing and literary work to compile a book of his poems soon to be
issued.
Cor. GrantAretOJentf
NINTH WEEKLY SPECIAL.
FOJV...
95c
A $1.50 Kid Glove.
Ladies' 2-clasp, all colors.
New desijrn embroidery.
EVERY PAIR FITTED.
SALE EXTENDED TO SATURDAY,
MARCH 4th. '
KAIL ORDERS FILLED.
GOMEZ TO VISIT
THE PRESIDENT
Aged Chief Is Coming to
Washington.
THINKS McKINLEY FAVORS CU
BAN INDEPENDENCE.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Hera! :. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gordon
Bennett.
HAVANA. Feb. 2.".— Maximo Gomez
has decided to visit Washington and
have a personal interview with Presi
dent McKlnley, who is regarded by the
veteran insurrectionist as a great
statesman and the ablest man Amer
ica has produced since the civil war.
There are intimates of Gomez who
say that he has held these sentiments
less than a year, but be that as it may,
Gomes is open in his regard for Mc-
Kinley and believes he is earnestly in
favor of absolute independence for
Cuba.
I attempted to obtain an interview
with the Cuban chieftain on the sub
ject t.<-Jay, but found him too much
fatigued to talk. My authority, htrw
ever. is unimpeachable, being a warm
personal friend of Gomez, to whom he
expressed himself yesterday.
Gomez will not go north until the
weather moderates and settles, but he
will reach Washington, according to
present plans, not later that April 20.
In visiting the President General
Gomez believes he will be able to reach
an understanding regarding the fea
ture which will be of great advantage
to Cuba. It is known he agreed to ac
cept J3.000.000 to pay the troops with
the understanding that under certain
conditions the United States would
agree to guarantee Cuban bonds for a
much larger amount. It is to discuss i
these conditions that Gomez desires to j
visit the White House. He objects, it ,
is well understood, to continued mili
tary occupation of the island, though !
he might agree to grant a naval sta
tion in Havana harbor and American
occupation of one of two of the princi
pal land defenses about the city.
ABDUCTED HIS NIECE.
Aged Washington Man Wrongs a
Thirteen-Year-Old Girl.
f'EXTRALIA. Wash., Feb. -2j.— A man )
named Harris, from near Montesano, was
brought here in a wagon to-day and
turned over to the Sheriff of Chehalls
County, charged with the abduction of his
13-year-old niece. Harris is over 50 years
old and unmarried. The abduction took
place almost a year ago. The arrest was I
made in Big Bottom, where Harris has !
been living since October with his niece, j
■who was disguised as a boy.
The girl presented a pitiable appear- i
anee here. Her hair was cut short and !
she was dressed in worn-out overalls and i
heavy shoes. She is well advanced toward !
maternity. The parents of the girl were j
until recently ignorant of her where
abouts. Harris appeared Indifferent as to
his surroundings.
Death of Colonel Conger.
DES MOIKES, lowa. Feb. 25.— A. L.
Conger died at 11 o'clock to-night from a
stroke of paralysis. He came here about
a year ago from Akron. Ohio, and estab
lished a college of osteopathy. He was for
eight years a member of the Republican
National Committee from Ohio, and
served several terms as a member of Con
gress. He was about 70 yeari old-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1599.
OPPOSITION TO
COMPROMISE ARMY
BILL IN SENATE
Permanent Increase of Regular
Troops Declared by Gorman
to Be a Menace to the
Country.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— After two
hours devoted to the consideration of
bills on the calendar to-day, the Sen
ate at 1 o'clock began the consideration,
of the compromise army reorganization
, bill. Until a short time before the mea
sure was taken up it was supposed it
' would be passed to-day without serious
difficulty, but when it was learned by j
some Senators that the hill provided
for a permanent increase in the stand
ing- army objections were heard, and it
became evident that the measure would
have to run the gauntlet of sharp
criticism.
Gorman (D.) of Maryland declared j
that no authorization of a permanent
increase should be given, and prepared
an amendment as follows:
•That each and every provision of
this act shall continue in force until
July 1, 1901, and on and after this date {
the officers and men, including general !
officers and staff officers, shall be re
stored to rank and numbers as provided
for by law prior to April 1, 1898, except
the cadets appointed prior to July 1.
1901, and except as provided for in the
act to authorize two additional regi
ments of artillery, approved March S, ,
1898."
- Speeches in support of the bill were
delivered by Hawley of Connecticut,
Cockrell of Missouri, Carter of Mon
tana, and Smith of New Jersey, and
against it by Gorman of Maryland and
Allen of Nebraska.
Cockrell, who has consistently op
posed a large standing army, gave the
pending measure his unequivocal and
unqualified support, declaring it was
the best army measure ever submitted
to Congress. No agreement to vote on
the bill had been reached when the
Senate adjourned.
Hawiey. chairman of the Military Af
fairs Committee, called up the compro
mise army reorganization bill. -, -: -5-
At the conclusion of the reading of the
bill. Gorman of Maryland suggested to
Hawley the desirability of permitting the
bill to go over to Monday. -*.-'.-,,
Allison of lowa suggested that a time
for a vote early on Monday should be
agreed upon at this time. Some effort
was made to fix an hour Monday for a
vote, but without success.
Cockrell of Missouri, a member of the
Military Affaire Committee, discussed at
length the features of the measure. "This
measure." said he. "has been examined
very carefully. I indorse it because it. is
right just, proper and necessary. It set
tles for years to come the standing army
°Furtner in his analysis of the bill,
Cockrell said the increase in the army
provided for by the bill was "perfectly
justifiable and absolutely essential.
In response to a question by vest, he
said that the army after 1901 would be re
duced to 38,400. and that number would be
required to take care of the coast fortifi-
Ca in° n conciusion. Cockrell said: "If we
ha?e a bill here which will adjust the
army controversy for years to come we
oupht to accept it. It is not prodigal of
honestly and conscientiously that this is
thi very be«t measure presented to Con
gress Yor sealing the army Question since
falls my ! judgment is" that which -will
the sight of God and man and I'm willing
S 3ef S^^ent provid
aie of 45 years shall be appointed as a
fllld officer in said force (the volunteer
; force), f officers of the regular arm> ex
°e Ali e d n"of Nebraska addressed the Senate
in opposition to the genera features of
the bill He was surprised that Cockrell
could give his sanction to such a meas
ure "If there was a hideous skeleton a
monstrosity, a deformity in legislation,
this bill is one." he declared. It is
' warped, disjointed, dislocated It lacks
S science, it lacks coherence, it lacks good
; sense I am not concerned in this de
. lightful fight now going on between the
Secretary of War and the genera com
manding the army. I honor General Miles
:In that fight. Every intelligent man in
' the country believes that our army was
■ fed on trash and that a large percentage
of the sickness and mortality in the army
was due to the food given to the soldiers.
Passing from the army troubles. Allen
adverted to some in the navy. He re
garded it as a glorious thing that Admiral
Dewey had the presence of mind to cut
the cable between himself and Washing
ton, and that it was fortunate for Dewey
I he was in a position to sever connection
with Washington.
"Then, too, said Allen, "we have the
controversy over the two rear admirals
In the navy. Whether the man . who
fought the battle resulting in the destruc
tion of Cervera's fleet and won it shall
have the laurels of victory or whether
they shall go to a man who was ten miles
away seems a subject of controversy by
the Navy Department.
"The American people, seventy million
of honest hearts and souls, will always
believe that Schley was the hero 'of that
battle, and won that battle, and I am not
detracting anything from the service of
Admiral Sampson, who. if he. had been
there, would have acquitted himself no
bly. This seems to be a game of battle
dore and shuttlecock, and over in the
Navy Department they are shedding more
ink than blood." ■ . •
"It shall not be said of me," said Gor
man, "that I would hamper the adminis
tration In any respect. It shall have all
the men and all the money to dispose of
the conditions at hand that it may need,"
Gorman said that if one proviso were
contained in the bill to the effect that at
the expiration of two years the army
should again be reduced to a peace foot-
Ing of 27,000 men he would agree to it.
POISON IN THE
REFRESHMENTS
Church Social Patrons
Near to Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 25.— Sebastopol,
seven miles west of here, was the scene
of a ■wholesale poisoning last night.
More than forty persons are seriously
affected, and several are even yet in a
precarious condition.
The poisoning occurred at a church
social given by the Ep worth League of
Pleasant Hill church, at which there
was a large attendance. The affair
broke up at about 11 o'clock. Two
hours later Dr. Benepe was hurriedly
summoned to the bedside of a patient
who was in convulsions. On the way
to the patient's home he met two other
messengers searching for him, and in a
few moments Drs. Miller and Hardin,
other physicians of the place, were
hurrying out in response to urgent
calls. Until after daylight thi« morn
■'But -whatever the conditions may be," \
he continued, "with the acceptance of the
proviso I suggest you will have an army
of 100,000 men until four months after the !
term of President McKinley shall expire. I
The measure will give him greater power |
than a President ever had. It is a tender i
of greater power than was ever made in i
similar circumstances. I
Hawley ; had ' asked who was afraid of
the large standing army. In reply Gor- ;
man said that every State in the Union I
was afraid of it. He (Gorman) was afraid I
of it himself. Such an Institution was •
contrary to the spirit of our affairs. He !
recalled the time when, in 1576, troops .
were summoned to Washington at the ;
time of the Hayes-Tilden controversy.
"I remember the quiet Intimidation of !
the presence of the troops." said Gorman.
He had gTeat personal respect for Mr.
McKinley and had no- criticism except
that In his good nature he had permitted
weakness and inefficiency in the depart
ments. "Weakness, I say," repeated the
Senator. Time alone could reveal whether
there had been anything else. He was
asked to have confidence in the Chief Ex
ecutive, but he could not forget that hu
man nature was weak. He computed that
for next year the expenditure on account
of the army and navy would aggregate
$369,000,000, greater than the total expendi
tures of the Government for 1871 to 1876.
He predicted a deficiency of $180,000,000.
Then there must be an increase of the di
rect taxation or more bonds or certifi
cates. "Even now I hear that the Secre
tary of the Treasury Is contemplating the
issue or more Government obligations."
Tillman asked if the Philippine rebellion
could nit be put down by volunteers, and
Gorman said he saw no reason why it
should not be. But this was not the de
sire. The wish was to have more shoul
der straps and more men to wear them.
Insignificant as were the achievements of
the army comparatively -In the Spanish
war, there had been appointed as officers
in the army more men than had received
such advancement during the first year
of the Rebellion, with all the South in
arms. Never were brigadier generals so
thick In Washington. There were a suffi
cient number of them alone to suppress
an ordinary rebellion. Gorman declared
that under the present head of the army
a proper organization of the service could
not be effected.
Tillman, interrupting Gonnan — Then
there is nothing in the bill to prevent the
recurrence of the embalmed beef scan
dal?
Gorman passed off the question lightly,
saying he knew little about it.
Tillman— None of us know anything
about it, perhaps, but there is so much
of it in the air we can smell it.
"I do know this," replied Gorman. "The
Secretary of War is a much-abused man.
He is not responsible for the department
in which that scandal originated, a de
partment in which the officers are ap
pointed for life."
Gorman, in conclusion, made an appeal
to the Senate to fix the number of men
and the amount of money necessary to
meet present exigencies, and both would
be given them if only a time limit were
placed on the call. If this Suggestion of
his was refused . and the bill forced
through Congress, then let the respon
sibility be taken by those who advocate it.
Carter, a member of the Military Af
fairs Committee, replied to Gorman. He
said that every auditor of Gorman,
a felicitous and eloquent orator, must
have been impressed with the pathetic
solicitude of the Maryland Senator for the
present Republican national administra
tion.
After discussing the "cry of mili
tarism" .Carter declared: "Militarism
comes to us as a necessity, not as a de
sire. The present conditions were evolved
from the war with Spain. That -war was
evolved from the sense of outraged, hu
manity for an oppressed and stricken
people who desired only freedom and a
chance to breathe in God's sunlight.
That war was not brought into existence
as a grand crusade of arms."
After discussing at length the result of
the war with Spain, showing how the
Philippines fell Into our hands, he asked
If it was desirable to leave these islands
to float about the Pacific as political dere
licts To do that, he declared. would be
the national crime of the century. Hav
ing accepted those islands we had under
taken also the responsibility for law and
order there. ' '.V ' ... ....
"We will first perform, said he, the
duty of the hour, and there is not a man
who breathes in this chamber to-night
who would be willing to surrender our
flag and position to Aguinaldo and his fol
l0 In er due course of time. Carter believed,
on each of these liberated islands the peo
ple would meet on their national holiday
to celebrate the landing of American
troops which brought them freedom. Car
ter estimated the number of men required
as 30.000 for the Philippines. 12.000 , for
Cuba. 15,000 for coast defenses and £000
for duty at the various Indian posts .in
the West This would account., for 82,000
men provided for in the bill, and Carter
minted out that quite one-fifth of the to
?al number of 100.000. according to statis
ts. would be incapacitated for duty -
rnrtpr in conclusion, said that the duty
of the hour would be performed in such
2 manner by the American Government
m o call down upon It the benedictions
of «^ l ft t h O ?l3 ) of New Jersey in stating his
opposfd to a large standing army in or
dl^ n ry the hand Ce a S -less scrupulous- man
than President McKinley." he said, "a
EHf S sffiB IS3LS&"fi1 S3LS&"fi
£111 cause an immense expenditure of
Dliced or the country humiliated through
faction of mine lam a Democrat and
shall always remain so, but I am an
?iri^arv for Its successful prosecution.
The army bill was then laid aside for
the day After passing forty-seven pen
sion bUls the Senate at 6:35 p. m. ad
journed.
°Vt h fs Opposed
contained poison in some unwholesome
substance, but as yet the authorities
have been unable to discover in which
dish it was contained. Icecream, cof
fee and cake were served, and a. strange
thing about the affair is the fact that
guests who ate either of the three suf
fered from the effects.
Mr and Mrs. Albert Fennell are still
In a very serious condition, and late re
ports to-night indicate that Mrs. Fen
ne!l may not recover.
\mong others who were seriously af
fected are: Mrs. Eliza Veeder Dow. a
teacher of the public school; Mr. and I
Mrs G. L. Ayers, Samuel Thorsen, El
mer Thorsen, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Viola j
Mills Mrs. A. Janssen, proprietress of
the hotel; Mrs. Robert Hardin. Miss
Mary Thompson several rpemebrs of i
th° Barnett family, the entire family
of George Cable, every member of the
Elphick household, Roscoe Howard and
some twenty others.
Sale of Immature Veal.
LARKSPUR. Feb. 25.— For some time |
certain ranchers living near here have
been killing calves only three or four days
old and shipping them to San Francisco. !
They are all consigned to Wong Sang, 103
Dnpont street. The shippers very shrewd- !
ly select the 5:05 train from San Rafael ,
on which to send the calves to the wily !
Chinese, because Market Inspector Ben :
Davis has always left the ferry
by the time they arrive In San Francisco.
Last evening five calves were shipped to
Sang and competent judges, after mak-
Ing an examination, declared that they i
were not over four days old. i
GOT TEN A WEEK
FOR LOOKING WISE
Testimony of a McCune
Henchman.
UTAH'S BRIBERY SCANDAL
TESTIMONY HEARD BY INVES
TIGATING COMMITTEE.
The Accused Senatorial Candidate De
nies That He Offered Money
to Representative
Law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 25.— The
legislative investigating committee ex
amined a number of witnesses to-day,
I among- whom were S. X. Christensen,
Horn Thatcher, Senator Chambers and
[ A. W, McCune.
Christensen testified that he had
been working in the interest of Mc-
Cune; that he had received for ser
i vices about $10 a week and did not ex
! pect anything further. He said his
| duty was principally to see that all the
McCune members were present at the
I joint Assembly, and to look wise.
Thatcher's testimony related chiefly
to a meeting at his residence between
j Rideout, Stewart and McCune. He
! thought the talk was generally about
| the deadlock, and that it ought to be
broken.
Senator Chambers testified to a con
versation with Jackson, in which the
latter said he would vote for McCune
after he had canceled his obligations
| to other candidates, provided he could
j become convinced that McCune's cam
i paign was honest.
McCune was then called to the wit
! ness stand. He said he had no partic
ular acquaintance with Representative
' Law until Tuesday of last week. Later
I he met Law in a restaurant, invited
! him into a back room and had a con
! versation about a letter written to a
' Bishop in Cache County. The men had
' said this letter would prove that Law
l was elected through church influence
: and if they could prove this to him he
wt uld leave Cannon and vote for Ife
i Cune. Shortly after this he left and
i saw Law no more until the next Fri
day. Law wanted to speak to him over
'■ the telephone. He went to the tele
: phone and Law asked if he could see
him. McCune said he asked Law if he
could come over to headquarters and
Law said:
"No, I am watched; they are suspi
i cious of me. Can't you meet me at the
Wasatcn drugstore? I think I can
: vote for you according to my conver
sation with your men, but I want to
see you personally."
"Moses Thatcher, who was at head
quarters, said to me, inasmuch as Law
had voted for a Democrat he might
: vote for me and I had better see him,"
continued McCune. "I went to the
drugstore and found Law and asked
what he wanted. He said he would
rather go to some private place, and
asked: •Can't you go to my room?'
.said: 'No, I anY"tod""busy.' He said: 'I
! think I can vote for you to-day.' He
i hesitated and stammered and said he
was ready to vote on the terms named
4 c. w&qqgsgSSk A
\ v^& ■ -3S "OSS' *s '\9 l S*<s*s -"JS^-sk - , V.^ j jf
m BUFFALO, Ind. 2
2 DOCTORS OF THE HUDYAN REMEDY CO., ■ •■;■ 2
2 GENTLEMEN: It gives me great pleasure to ; testify to the •
S merits of your wonderful remedy Hudyan, for my present condition «
perfect health can be attributed to its use alone. For many years I |
2 was troubled with severe pain in the back, pain between the shoul- •
2 ders and weakness in my limbs. My appetite was very poor and 1 •
• was gradually losing flesh. I was troubled with sleeplessness; and I c
2 always awoke in the morning feeling tired and miserable. ;:-I -.became ®
2 gloomy and despondent often because of my sufferings, for I often •
• felt that there was no cure for me..  . Jr a^\a*a 2
2 Your Hudyan was recommended to me by a friend, so I decided g
2 to try it. After, using it about two weeks I felt considerably improved •
2 and knew that I was going to be cured. My appetite improved, the •
• pains in my back and shoulders became less severe, and I noticed a g
2 general improvement in my condition. Of course I continued to use •
2 Hudvan, and I can now truthfully say that I am perfectly cured. I can •
• assure you, gentlemen, that I will do all in my power to recommend 2
2 Hudvan to my fellow sufferers, for lam certain that it will do al that •
• you claim for it. Sincerely yours, J. C. HATFIELD, Buffalo, Ind. g
1 Hudyan Cures Dyspepsia, Nervousness, |
• Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in Back, Side, 2
1 Face, Joints. Hudyan Cures Locomotor Ataxia |
2 and Blood Disorders. You can get Hudyan from |
I ■ your druggist, 50 cents per package, or six •
I packages $2.50. •
1 p^*~^^f You can consult the Hudyan doctors |
2 r rr e ; Free; that is, at no cost to your- 1
• Free! self. 2
• / . •
I HUDYAN REMEDY CO., Cor. Stockton and |
• XLU JJX AJN XvllJffLl-iJL/ I Uv/., Market Streets. g
2 If Your Druggist Does Not Keep Hudyan Send Direct. g
"SOLDIERS' BLOOD
IN PHILIPPINES ON
PRESIDENT'S HEAD"
Jerry Simpson of Kansas Among
Representatives Who Lay
the Blame on McKinley.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 25.— The House I
continued work on the army appropri
ation bill to-day, but failed to complete
It. Considerable animosity was devel- j
oped during the debate, and there were
sharp passages between Grosvenor and
Cannon on one hand and Simpson of
Kansas and Cochran at Missouri on the
other. In the course of the debate
Cochran (D.) of Missouri attempted to |
secure time to answer the statement
made on the other side yesterday, that
there was nothing in the nature of an
alliance between Aguinaldo and the
American forces before the capture of
Manila.
Hull objected.
"This is not the first time," said
Cochran, "that the majority in the
j closing hours of debate have made
i challenges and then objected to replies.
Their -objections are made to cover
i their retreat."
Hull thereupon withdrew his objec
tion, and Cochran proceeded to give
: what he said was the most important
! chapter of the war. Upon the testi
i mony of three American generals he
contended that, first, we solicited an
alliance; second, that it was solemnly
formed; third, that the Filipinos kept
i their faith, and. fourth, that we shame
i fully violated our compact. He referred
: to the reports of General Anderson,
General Greene and General Merritt to
prove his assertions of the valuable aid
I rendered by Aguinaldo and the insur
i gents.
Cochran also insisted that the money
j said to have been embezzled by Aguin
aldo ($400,000) had been used in the
purchase of arms and in fighting the
Spanish. This, he said, was proven by
| the testimony of Consul Wildman.
Lacey (R.) of lowa denounced the
! other side generally for firing iiUo the
j rear of Otis by sounding the praises of
I Aguinaldo and Agoncillo upon the floor
i of the House.
Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio pursued the
! subject along the same lines. It was
by my men. but he said: I don't think
it's enough.' I asked him what he
meant and he answered that he was a
poor man. and he said: 'I will vote for
you if you will give me $5000.' I simply
said to him: 'I won't do anything of
the kind. I have enough Democratic
votes to win anyway.'
• When I left the store Law was a
short distance away, talking to the man
that has testified here as Bob Fryer.
I started across the street and Law
overtook me and said: 'I think I can
vote for you anyhow.' I told him if he
did so to vote after the roll call. I went
to headquarters and saw a number of
people there. I saw Mr. Dunbar. He
asked, 'Is Law going to vote for you?'
I said. "No. he's a dirty scrub,' or some
thing of that kind."
The committee adjourned to Monday
morning, when McCune will be cross
examined.
Electric Launch Wrecked.
TIBPRON. Feb. 25.— A handsome little
electric launch belonging to Frederick
Spaulding of the Pioneer Carpet Beating
treason now, he said, to stop and hesi
tate as to whether our soldiers should
be defended. He denied that there had
been any alliance with Aguinaldo and
said that at the proper time he would
produce the record. The first order of
the President after the fall of Manila
had forbidden any and all alliances of
any character with any one. He re
ferred to Aguinaldo as a "scalawag."
"I can say what I desire to in two
sentences," said Cannon (R.) of Illinois, _
who then got the floor. "If the speeches
made here yesterday by Simpson and
others had been made yesterday in Ma
nila they would be arrested, tried by
drumhead court-martial and shot. (Re
publican applause and Democratic
jeers.) The United States has and
will continue to exercise sovereignty in
the Philippines. If they are obstructed
the power of the whole people as rep
resented by the army and navy will
see to it that our authority is main
tained, and the rocks and mountains
will fall upon any individual or any
party which seeks to obstruct us."
(Great Republican applause.)
Simpson rose to a question of per
sonal privilege to answer the statement
of Cannon that if he (Simpson) had
made his speech in Manila he would
have been court-martialed and shot.
Perhaps this might be so, said Simpson,
derisively adding: "But to be shot at
Manila is better than to be shot here
by an old muzzle-loading brass can
non."
There was great laughter at Simp
son's pun. He was thankful, he said,
that the time had not come when men
were shot for expressing their views.
He had not, he declared, criticized the
soldiers, for he gloried in their heroism.
But the blood of those brave soldiers
from Kansas and elsewhere who had
fallen in Majiila was on the head of the
President as commander in chief of the
army.
The committee rose at 2 o'clock with
out having completed the army bill and
took up the special order of eulogies to
the late Senator TValthall of Mis
sissippi.
Works broke loose from its moorings yes
terday, and drifting upon the rocks near
Lime Point. was dashed to pieces.
Spaulding and John Xorby, assisted by
members of the lifesavins crew at Lime
Point, removed the boilers of the launch
yesterday, and whatever else was not in
jured beyond repair. The lauch was val
ued at $I*loo. It is not known whether
the mooring line was cut or insecurely
tied.
DAY GETS A PLACE.
WASHINGTON", Feb. 25.— The Presi
dent to-day submitted to the Senate for
confirmation the appointment of ex-
Secretary of State William R. Day as
Judge of the United States Circuit
Court for the Sixth Judicial District.
The nomination is not a surprise, as it
was understood when Mr. Day left the
Cabinet to become a Peace Commis
sioner that he would be provided for
after his Paris labors were ended, as
has now been done. The Sixth Judicial
District in Ohio is a new one and was
created only a short time since, with
his appointment in view.
34
READY TO MEET
THE KHALIFA
Anglo- Egyptian Forces
Confident.
ARE ANXIOUS FOR THE FRAY
EXPEDITION FOBMED TO FIGHT
ADVANCING DERVISHES.
Controversy Baging Over the De
struction of the Mahdi's Tomb
and the Disposal of
His Bones.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, Feb. 25.— The news that
the Khalifa is gathering a host, vary
ing In numbers from 15.000 to 30,000 men,
and Is marching on Khartoum, came
with a rude shock to the people of
Great Britain, who were under the im
pression that he was almost a solitary
wanderer in the desert. Official circles,
however, express satisfaction at the
fact that the Khalifa is apparently de
termined to make another onslaught on
the Anglo-Egyptian forces, as they are
confident he will easily be defeated.
Major i General Sir Archibald Hunter,
the Governor of Omdurman, is o.uoted
as paying in an interview: "1 regard
the Khalifa as a nuisance. He is no
longer dangerous and it will greatly
simplify matters if he comes out and
fights."
In the meanwhile detachments of
RICH CHICAGOAN
HAS DISAPPEARED
Reward Offered at BaKersfield
tor Information CoQcerQiog
D. VaQ Wagner.
■ BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 25.— D. Van Wagner, representative of some
| prominent Chicago capitalist? who sent him here to negotiate for the
.;, purchase of the Butte mine at liandsburg, has disappeared. Much
* anxiety Is felt for his welfare.
Van Wagner arrived in town on Wednesday night and, after epend
* ing the evening with friends, announced his intention to "take in the
.?> town." He left the Southern Hotel at about midnight and was seen
* in several different places up to 4 o'clock in the morning, from which
time no trace of him can be found. He had but a small amount of
money with him, but wore some valuable jewelry when last seen.
Foul play is suspected, and his friends are getting very anxious.
■ * A reward of. $100 has been offered for information as to his where
* abouts.
British troops have been ordered to get
ready te ret .m to Omdurman from
lower Egypt and a strong expedition
will be formed and advanced to meet
the Khalifa.
<A controversy has been raging this
week over the destruction of the
Mahdi's tomb at Omdurman and the
disposal of his bon^s. It is said that
the officers, after the battle, divided his
bones among themselves, one officer
getting a linger nail, while the em
balmed head was given to the late Gen-
eral linrdnn's nephew.
The liadical newspapers indignantly
condemn the outrage, which is defend
ed on the other side on the ground of.
expediency, it being held that the de
struction of the Mahdfs remains was
a. great blow to fanaticism. The Irish
members heckled the Government on
the subject and drew forth a statement
to the effect that the Ministers had no
information on the subject. General
Gordon's nephew denies being in pos
session of the Mahdi's head, which is
expected shortly to find its way to the
Colk-ge of .->urgeor.s of London to take
it? X>}n.ce alongside the heads of Eugene
Aram and Jonathan Wild.
There is considerable anxiety over the :
reports of the death of the Ameer of j
Afghanistan, but up to tr>-da.y the In- |
dian Government had not received any
confirmation oZ the rumor. There is I
only one Englishman now at Cabul. The |
rest left rpc*-nt!y, owing to the Ameer
not paying their salaries. Sir Walter'
Pyne. t.ic head of the A*neer's work
shop, ha? left Cabul and arrived in Cal
cutta to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Biliousness, dyspepsia, loss of appetite,
disturbed s>eep. nervousness, headache,
giddiness and drowsiness, wind and pain
or fullness of the stomach after meals, cold
chills and flushings of heat, shortness of
breath — these are the blank cheques of
physical bankruptcy. Take them to a
physician and he-will fill them up with the
name of some more or less serious disease.
Every time that you carry one of them to
him "you draw out some of your funds in
the Bank of Health. Keep it up, and there
will soon be no funds in the treasury.
The man who suffers from these dis-
orders and neglects them will «oon be in
the relentless grasp of some fatal disease.
If he is naturally narrov/ chested and shal-
low lunged, it will probably be consump-
tion ; if his father or mother died of par-
alysis or some nervous trouble, it will
probably be nervous exhaustion or prostra-
tion, or even insanity ; if there is a taint in
the family blood, it will be blood or skin
disease; if he lives in a new or alow,
swampy country, it will be malaria; if he
lives a life of exposure, it may be rheu-
matism. There is just one safe course for
a man to follow who finds himself out of
sorts and suffering from the symptoms
described. It is to resort to Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery. This medicine
makes the appetite keen, corrects all dis-
orders of the digestion, renders assimila-
tion perfect, invigorates the liver, purifies
and enriches the blood and builds firm,
healthy flesh and nerve tissue. It cures
almost all diseases that result from insuf-
ficient^ 01 improper nourishment of the
brain and nerves. Bronchial, throat, and
even lung affections, when not too far ad-
vanced, readily yield to it.
"I took Dr. Piece's Golden Medical Discovery
for Eczema " writes J. W. Barnhart, of No 446
Df Witt Street, Buffalo, N. V., "and it com-
pletely cured me."
NEW HOME FOR THE MARIN
COUNTY BANK AT SAN RAFAEL
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 24.— The contract to build the new Marin County Bank has been awarded to Thomas
O'Connor, the well-known local contractor, and active work toward its construction has now begun. The old building
on the corner of A and Fourth streets has been removed and a substantial brick foundation is being laid. It is
thought the structure will be ready for occupancy in about sixty days.
The bank will be modeled in brick, after the old style Spanish architecture, on the plans of Newsnn & Meyer,
and will be one story in height, with a tile roof. It will extend fifty feet on A street and twenty-five on Fourth. The
interior will be finished in natural wood.
A modern feature of the bank will be a huge steel vault, which will be utilized not only as a safe for money, but
as a safe deposit in which patrons may place their money and valuables and leave them as secure as in a metropolitan
institution.
STANFORD FAILED
TO PAY ITS DUES
Dropped From Athletic
Association.
OTHER COLLEGES EXPELLED
RULES GOVERNING AMATEUR
EVENTS CHANGED.
Bicycling Divorced Fro*n Track
Events and an Intercollegiate
Bicycle Association
Formed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— Theadjourned
meeting of the Intercollegiate Associa
tion of Amateur Athletes of America
was held to-day at the Fifth-Avenue
Hotel, and some very important
changes in the constitution and rules
in relation to amateurism and scholar
ship of men competing in intercollegiate
contests were made. The constitution
was changed so as to forbid a man who
has for any reason left his class stand
ing to compete in intercollegiate sports.
Another sweeping change was the di
vorcing of bicycling from the track con
tests and the formation of a separate
association for controlling intercol
legiate bicycle racing.
The following compromise amend
ment to the rules agreed to by the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania was adopted:
A student 9hall be allowed to compete
at the Intercollegiate meeting four times
and no more. This applies to all depart
ments—medical, school, law school, acad
t-my, etc. If a student has represented a
college in any intercollegiate track meet
ing in which more than three colleges
participated and has won a first or second
place In any event he shall not be eligible
to represent any other college he may
hereafter attend in the intercollegiate
meeting until he has attended such col
lege two full calendar years.
ThiP amendment is not to be retro
active, but affecting only those who
enter college after the date of the
adoption of the amendment.
The proposition to bar for a year a
man ocming from a preparatory school
who has won a place in an intercol
legiate or open meet was modified so
as not to bar the interscholastic winr
ners, but only those who have taken
part in outside athletic contests and
won honors so as to make them desir
able acquisitions to the college athletic
managers.
Boston University, Brown University,
lowa State University. Leland Stan
ford Jr., Michigran, Pennsylvania State
College, Wesley an I'niversity and Uni
versity of Wisconsin were expelled
from the association on account of non
payment of dues.
The intercollegiate bicycle associa
tion was formed after the adjournment
of the meeting of the athletic associa
tion. H. N. Hall was elected president.
Baron de Beuter Dead.
NICE, Feb. Baron Paul ; Julius de
Reuter, director and founder of Router's
Telegraph Company, 1b dead, : aged 84
years. r-^B^^^gg9HHJHHSBKBttHI
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
NOW CRY FOR
ARBITRATION
British Comment on the
Canadian Dispute.
UNCLE SAM INCONSISTENT
.
LONDON PRESS ALLUDES TO
THE VENEZUELAN CASE.
However, the English Public Follow
Events at Manila and Condemn
the Incendiary Acts of
Filipinos.
CopjTlßhted, TS99, "by the Associated Preps.
LONDON, Feb. 25.— The adjournment
of the Anglo-American Commission at
Washington has caused a feeling of
deep regret here and th^ optimistic tone
I of the British Foreign Office's explana
| tion is not reflected by the general pub
| lie, although the newspapers, as a rule,
profess to hope that the fresh att'-mut
to reach an agreement in the autumn
wHI prove more succesful.
The Speaker remarks:
"The fact that business arrangements
in particular points affecting large in
vested interests in both countries can
not be satisfactorily reached un
apreciably affects the friendship of
the nations as a whole. The nations
are still aggregates and not persons."
The Spectator says: "Arbitration
seems to be a difficult mode of settlinK
international disputes. The profession
al diplomats have a right to chuckle a
j little."
I The St. James Gazette, in the course
of a long article on "America's refusal
to accept an umpire," headed "The
inconsistency of the United States."
contends that America now refuses
what she agreed to in the case of the
Venezuelan arbitration, when King Os
car was empowered to appoint an um
pire, and says: "The English commis
sioners in the present case, therefore,
have not made a proposal unfajnil'.ar
to the United States, yet they meet
with a refusal. Under these circum
stances we are compelled to ask what
the United States really want. They
know an umpire is necessary, let them
then choose a man from the acceptable
candidates after discussion with our
selves. Unless they make some such
proposal or offer a satisfactory settle
ment on the boundary line, we shall be
compelled to suspect either insincerity
of their friendship and gratitude at
Great Britain's recent diplomatic as
sistance, or their willingness to abide,
in a doubtful case, by the principle of
arbitration, whereof they are the fore
most champions and greatest benefi
ciaries in the past."
The events at Manila have been fol
lowed here with interest and there has
been general condemnation of the Fili
pinos' attempt to burn the town.
A private cable received in London
computes the loss to foreign merchants
by. the bombardment of Iloilo at $5,000.
--000. Only one European warehouse, it
appears, escaped.
The London municipalities bill, intro
duced in the House of Commons on
February 23, by Arthur J. Balfour. has
been well received generally. The most
striking feature of the bill is the re
vival of the ancient city of Westmin
ster, which will comprise the whole of
the enormously valuable and busy area
from Temple Bar to Knightsbridge and
from Oxford street to the River
Thames, in which are included nearly
all the theaters, clubs, government of
fices, parks, royal pajaces, embassies,
etc., and the aristocratic districts of
Belgravla and Mayfair. It will be five
times the size of the city of London
proper, with five times its population,
and it will be a serious rival of the
ancient city of London, whose ratable
value is £4.450,000, while that of the
city of Westminster is £4,850.000. The
imperial and social importance of the
new city will be tremendous.
Lord James of Hereford has
introduced a bill in opposition
to the Government bill in ' the
House of Lords as to the out
come of the recommendations '^f the
committee who recently investigated
the usury systems. The bill provides
that every money lender must be regis
tered and must do business solely in his
own nam*. In cases where the Inter
est exceeds 10 per cent, or when the in
cidental charges are excessive, the
courts may reopen the transaction and
give judgment in accordance with all
the risks and circumstances of the case.
The lenders as well as the borrowers
are held accountable for false state
ments, promises and deceptive words
employed when the contract Is made.
JESSE JAMES IDENTIFIED
AS ONE OF THE ROBBERS
Son of tlie 2sTote<3. O-u.t
--la,-w ZFoin-tecl O\it
in Ooiart.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 25.— The most positive identification of Jesse
James as one of the Leeds train robbers was made in the courtroom to
day by William J. Smith of Stokesberry, Mo., who was a passenger on
the Missouri Pacific train the night it was held up. Smith testified that
he got out when the train stopped and walked up among the robbers,
one of whom placed a revolver against his breast and ordered him back
into the car.
"Did that man. have anything over his face?"
"He had nothing over his face. He had something black around
his neck, as if it were a mask, slipped down."
"How light was it?"
"It was very light. The light streamed out the mail car door."
"Did you get a good look at that man?"
"Yes, sir."
"Do you see that man in the courtroom?"
IVfr. Sirfifh pointed at Jesse James, sitting facing him, and said:
"Yes, sir; there he sits, right over there?"
"You mean the defendant, Jesse James?"
"Yes, gir, I mean Jesse James."
Unusual interest in the trial proceedings is being shown and specta
tors daily crowd every inch of space in the courtroom. Several 'wit
nesses who testified during the day corroborated the salient points of
Informer Lowe's evidence of yesterday implicating James. It was shown
also that James had been intimate previous to the robbery with Lowe,
Andy Ryan, a brother of the notorious "Bill" Ryan, and John Kennedy,
all of whom have been connected with train robberies in the vicinity of
Kansas City.
CEASELESS RUSH
TO PORCUPINE
Miners Stake Claims in
the Snow.
MEN THRONG THE TRAILS
HURBYING TO THE NEW GOLD
DIGGINGS.
Haines Mission Changes From a
Quiet Missionary Post to a
Bustling Mining
Camp.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Feb. 16, via steamer
Farallon to Port Townaend, Feb. 25.— Jay
Decker, a Juneau merchant, returned last
night from the Porcupine country. He
reports a steadily increasing rush there.
Within a day, while coming out, he met
seventy-five men and outfits going in on
the trail. The number runs from fifty to
one hundred to a day. They are flocking
to Porcupine in increasing numbers from
Juneau, Skaguay and nearly every camp
in Southeastern Alaska.
Few dog teams are seen on the Porcu
pine trail. Nearly every mother's son in
perspiring at the end of a rope ahead ol
his own sled. This is due principally to
the comparatively short distance (from
forty to sixty miles* from salt water to
the creeks. It is too expensive to buy
dogs and too much bother with them for
so short a distance.
Mr. Decker describes the trail as in fine
condition. He has confidence that there
will be a booming mining camp some
where in the Porcupine region.
There are many reports of new strikes
in the Porcupine country, but Mr. Decker
says he heard of none while on the trail.
He went into a section of country a con
siderable distance from Porcupine Creek,
and In a different direction, and left two
men in there.
Haines Mission has changed from a
quiet missionary post to a comparatively
bustling camp, dotted with tents and ani
mated by moving sleds and lusty gold
The quiet Chtlkat Indians look on the
invasion of their country by the whites
with doubtful manner. There Is a possi
bility of trouble with them, though it is
hardly probable.
A company of British police is in camp
just over the line. Many men. disappoint
ed as to going to Atlin. owing to the ex
clusion act, determining to lose no time,
have turned to Porcupine. Nearly every
creek le being staked on the snow, re
gardless of the fact that it cannot be
learned whether tbe gravel Is worth any
thing or not until next spring, when the
water runs and the snow is gone. Doubt
less there are pleasant surprises in store
for many and disappointments in store for
more.
BANDED AGAINST
THE AMERICANS
Jealousy of Canadians
at Atlin.
SIGN A SECRET COMPACT
AGREE TO FIGHT THE YANKEES
IF NECESSARY.
Will Resist by Force of Arms At
tempts to Locate Town Lots or
• Mining Claims in the
District.
By HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Feb. 22 (by steam
ship Cottage City to Victoria, Feb. 25.)
—Canadian jealousy of Americans is
becoming more bitter at Atlin since the
exclusion law passed. Where before the
animosity was hidden, it ; is now crop
ping out on the surface in more than
one way. The Canadians seem to fear
the shrewdness and swift action of the
Americans, and in order to defeat them
have secretly banded together and
signed a paper committing the signers
to fight for their rights if necessary.
A petition has been secretly circulated
pledging the signers to resist by force
of arms, if necessary, any attempt on
the part of Americans to locate town
lots in Atlin City and mining claims in
the district at large. The paper has
been signed to date by between sixty
and seventy Canadians, a few English-
men and also a few Americans. The
original paper was recently in the
hands of Deputy Recorder McVicars,
and may by this time be in the hands
of Gold Commissioner Graham. The
facts leaked out through a man who
refused to sign the paper. Nobody
seems to know what brought about the
circulation of such a paper, as so far
as known the Americans have not con
templated "taking the bull by the
horns" and running the camp.
This information comes from J. R.
McGowan, a British subject, who claims
to hail from San Francisco. No open
rebellion against the exclusion act by
Americans is feared. If Americans are
exercising their wits in any direction
against the law it is to outwit and
straddle it and not to defy it. A large
force of Government surveyors is at
work at.Atlin.
About as good a way as any. to get
the truth and the facts about a mining
camp — and I never send anything else
if I know it — is to read private letters
passing between miners. Two letters
from Dawson received here to-night
have been kindly turned over to me.
Both show that Dawson is not the camp
it used to be. Mike Donahue writes
under date of January 20:
Times are very dull in Dawson at pres
ent — no money in circulation, lots of idle
men and a whole lot of men working lays
that won't amount to anything, especially
on the benches. Grub is plenty- and prices
are going down. Beef has dropped to 25
cents a pound. Some parties tried to cor
ner butter and sugar, but didn't make it
stick.
Frank Schaeffer, writing under date
of February 1, says:
Tour letter dated May lfi just received.
We had the first mail from the outside
this winter on January 24, and very little
of that. The creeks are turning out con
siderable this winter, but I think the
benches will show the largest output.
There are a lot of lay men not doing very
well— just trying to take out enough to
take them home. A great many are giv
ing up lays and starting out over the ice.
There are" too many men for the diggings.
Some of the claims are paying 60 cents an
hour and a very few $1. Everything is
overdone here. Meals were SI 50 last fall
a while, and now there are four ,">O-cent
restaurants.- There is lots of grub. Sugar,
butter and milk are scarce; milk $1 a can,
sugar 60 and 7a cents, and butter $1 25 to
$1 50 a pound. Coal oil is down to $1 30
a case. Hardware is still high, but will
tumble before spring. Two variety shows
are running. About half the saloons are
running 25-cent drinks awl cigars and
they do the business. The town is dead
compared with what it used to be.
Southeastern Alaska is undergoing a
cold snap. It has not reached zero at
Juneau, but it has been from 9 to 12
below at Skaguay.
ASK FOB. RIGHTS OF WAY.
Railway Promoters Submit a Project
to Bakersfield.
BAKKRSFIEI.D. Feb. 25— Henry Brun
ner and R. K. Jacks of San Luis Obiapo,
promoters of the railroad from Port Har
ford to Baker sfield, are here to confer with
citizens regarding the enterprise. At a
meeting cf the Board of Trade to-night
the matter was discussed. They want
right of way and town sites in the county
and $1000 to help make the preliminary
survey. With this guarantee on the part
of Bakersneld, they say, the road will be
built. The Board of Trad*- appointed a
committee to take the matter in hand and
see what can be done. Business men are
disposed to favor the project.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017- 1023 Mission.
' . . .; . . -". V : ■ • • ADVE-iTISEMENTS. . _-_J_^__^___^L__
1899. 1 1 SILK DEPARTMENT, [h B99^
Tew foulards.
Just opened; latest designs in twilled figured Foulards in Dots, Stripes and |
Figures; 24 inches wide; excellent quality; rich silk finish. p
85C a Yard. J
50 pieces of Novelty Taffeta Silks in Stripes. Plaids and Checks in latest
spring colorings; 21 inches wide; excellent quality. p
$1.00 a Yard.
NEW WOOL DRESS FABRICS. I
Latest novelties in Colored and Black Wool Dress Fabrics Just arrived. ||
TEXTURE STYLE PRICE |
CANNOT BE SURPASSED. " ' "' 'i
SPECIAL. SPECIAL. I
High Novelties in Silk and Wool Dress Patterns in spring shades of Tan, g
Brown, Navy, Green and Cadet, at ■ - ||
$9.G0 a Suit. I
WASH FABRICS. I
Best quality 36-inch Percales over NEW SHIRT WAISTS. 1
200 different patterns in -4 f\l -"-X". WIIIUI nxxiuiu. m
swell styles (stripes pre- ■ m J g\ Exclusive styles in white and colored H
dominating); latest color- / jg^ O\* Cotton Shirt Waists just opened. The H
ings. Price .....yard largest assortment, rang- gf% *§ nn H
.. . — --v:, ing in price from $3 50, It" t.UU B
Printed Piques In stripes. in the new *2^5. $2 00, $1 50 t0...^ 0 / ~ 1
shades of heliotrope, ; cadet *S ,f"\ ' " t!
blue, pink, light blue and i*% f\ * r^ *M
U^.^.^ e :^::y^'^^ NEW EMBROIDERIES 1
- '*'•<■ : - ; AT 4O PER CENT U
SdT^u^v^? l^^ 0()n DISCOUNT. ■ I
yard." Special for to-morrow £, \J \j *—- — —>.— x — '■ ■ * H
• jar Another shipment of manufacturers' EJ
- ~ samples of fine Embroideries just re- gj
Corded Zephyr Ginghams (imported) ceived;. the choicest patterns in Mus- B
in stripes and checks; fine quality; in lin, Cambric and Swiss Edging arid In- H
shades of blue, heliotrope. f~ sertions in all widths. These samples H
ox-blood, navy, scarlet and m M k\ f% are in 4%-yard lengths and will be sold R
pink. Special at %J Lm In their original strips at 40 per cent H
*_ X. yard less than their actual value. . Rj
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. |
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. M
DIRECTORS WILL
BE FORCED OUT
Union Bank Stockhold
ers Take Action.
RESIGNATIONS ARE DEMANDED
THE BOARD DECLINES TO AC
QUIESCE.
Thereupon It Is Authorized That
Legal Proceedings to Oust It
Be Brought Without
Delay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 25.— The board of di
rectors of the defunct Union Savings
Bank must resign at once or be ousted.
The stockholders of the bank have de
cided on this, and to-day they informed
the directors of the fact. Under no cir
cumstances will they allow the men
who wrecked the bank to close up its
affairs.
The stockholders held a businesslike
meeting in Hale's Hall this afternoon.
A resolution was adopted calling on the
directors to resign forthwith, and a
committee was appointed to see that
this was carried out. James W. Rea,
J. Leiter, F. K. Ledyard and A. Barker
went before the directors and asked for
an immediate answer in regard to re
signing.
The directors, then in session, de
clined to answer either in the affirma
tive or the negative. The committee
reported back. Another resolution was
immediately adopted authorizing that
immediate steps be taken to remove the
directors both by law and by the stock
holders. This probably will be done
right away through a petition to be
filed in Judge Lorigan's court, setting
forth their incompetency, and to make
doubly sure of their removal, stock
holders will on March 11 proceed to
elect a new board.
The published statement by Presi
dent W. H. Wright of the bank in. local
papers that depositors would be paid
dollar for dollar was discussed. Little
credence was placed in the statement
and the stockholders regard it as mere-
ly a play to stall off action.
The stockholders are determined to
fight all assessments until the assets
of the bank shall have been exhausted
in paying depositors. Then they are
•willing to stand their pro rata. They
want the people to understand they are
not to blame for the failure and were
imposed upon as much as were the
depositors.
It waa freely expressed that the di
rectors were not fit persons to close the
bank's business, and in the interests
of the depositors and the stockholders
they must retire. The new directors
elected by the old board in place of
those who have lately resigned, will
not be accepted.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Union Savings Bank this afternoon
Thomas E. Johnson tendered his resig
nation as director, and Charles P. Bras
lan was elected in his place. Braslan
represent? San Francisco depositors.
Director John McMahon also resigned.
This vacancy was not filled, as it is
proposed to choos* some She accept
able to the depositors. Howard's in
debtedness was discussed, and Attor
ney N. Bowden was instructed to take
steps to protect the banks interest..
The Earl Had a Fit.
LONDON, Feb. 25.— The Earl of Staf
ford, who recently married Mrs. Samuel
J. Colgate of New York, and who, as ah
equerry to the Queen, is at Windsor, had
a fit yesterday. His wife is attending him.
The Earl is recovering.
5 ADVEBTISE2IENTS.- -V.
HAVE YOU
BEEN CURED!
If Not, Why Not?
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEANY, THE OLD RELI-
ABLE AND LONG ESTABLISHED
SPECIALIST.
Office 737 Market street. .. ■
Where the sick and afflicted can receive
treatment in the future, as they have in
the past, from the ablest and most suc-
cessful Specialist of the age.; .. 
Some doctors fail because of treating
the wrong disease; others from not know-
ing the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES. NO FAILURES^
In the treatment of any of the following
diseases. Vitality and vigor imparted to
all diseased organs and • perfect cures
guaranteed: '. - •,;; • .-„« -,:/
Kidneys. . Bright's Disease,
Citanrh, . • Nervous Debility,- .-
. Throat, . Private Diseases, '
Lun«B, ' Blood and Skin, .
Head, Rupture. ' "• ;'
Heart, - - Rheumatism, % ■'*
Bladder, Diseases of Rectum,
Liver. Spleen, Vanlcocele, •' ,■■■ -
Stomach,- - H->drocele, ; :,.i.
And all swellings, tenderness and im-
pediments of the sexual parts: effects of
indiscretions in youth or excesses 'in
after, life, neglected and improperly
treated cases; lack of vitality; sexual a
weakness, dizziness, weak back, .-failing •
memory, despondency, etc., promptly and
effectualy cured. ,-. ['.', ;.'. ;
WOMEN'S DISEASES A SPECIALTY.
WRITE if - you i cannot call. Letters con-
fidential and answered in all languages..,
; HOME TREATMENT— The most suc-
cessful home treatment known to  the
medical . profession. Thousands who, were
unable to call at office have been cured at
home by our special treatment.! Consul-
tation free. Call or address . -
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market St.
Office Hours— to 12 m.; 2to 5 and 7 to 3
p. m.;. Sundays from 10. to 2. .:•.-'
. STANDARD MIXED -. : V,..
PAINT!
<&4 00 Per
$1^ Gallon
Money Back If You Don't Like It. •. ■' ■■ .
Color Card and "Cost of Painting Fre«.
- MANUFACTURERS: -• .:V
BUSWBLL PAINT CO.,
302 Market St., 6. F.
/\ L E >C. HE lIN S, V*"
■MANUFACTURER OF -LEATHER" and
FULLED RAWHIDE BELTING, ROPE AND
LACS I LEATHER, PUMP CUP LEATHERS,
PLUNGERS AND. VALVES. Factory and of-
fice. 13» -Main ;=t.. San Francisco. Cal. Price*
and discounts sent on application.CONFERENCES ON
SAMOAN AFFAIR
German Officials Met by
Embassador White.
OBJECTIONS TO CHAMBERS
WHY THE CHIEF JUSTICE'S BE
CAXIL IS DESXRED.
-■ Heat Inspection Bill Appears to Be
; ' . Pair to the United States and
Agrarians Are Crying
Oat Against It.
Cepyr.sSted, 1533, by tie Associated Fr-s*.
■ BERUDT, Feb. 25.— United States
Ambassador White has had several
•protracted conferences this week, with
•Barc-n vcn Richtofen, Under Secretary
• of the. Foreign Office, on the subject
• of the recent troubles in Samoa, and
. baa received a number of documents
in support of Germany's view of th*
.situation.' The interviews were of the
. cost, friendly character.
An official, is behalf of Baron yon
. Bulott, the German Minister of For
.-eign Affairs, says that the German En
; bassadcr at Washington, Dr. yon Hol
-. leben, has represented to the United
• States, informally and in a friendly
■• manner, the advisability of recalling
•■■William Chambers, the Chief Justice of
•Samoa. The German Government is of
'; -the opinion that Mr. Chambers, since
the pnWTdktion of the letter to his
. brother, which appeared in the news
. papers of the United States, is an "im
. proper person to represent the three
■ governments of Samoa."
• It is further said that he wa3 put
.- 'there in order to represent the protect
. !hg powers, and far him to criticize one
..' of these powers "makes him manifestly
.";• unfit to serve any longer in his pres-
Jent capacity." It is only necessary. It
\is pointed it, to reverse the case in
• order to show this strikingly to Ameri
: t cans.
". -**l.et us sup Dose," said the German
cScial referring to the above, "that
".'such a letter had been "written by Herr
Hose, the German Consul at Apia,
••»:ould not the entire American press
.point out that it was flagrant proof of
H~rr Rose's unfitness to any longer
hold his place?"
■Mr Chambers' letter has greatly
'. stirred up public feeling in Germany
- and nearly the entire press asserts that,
by the letter, ilr. Chambers has "giar
. tagfy manifested his unfitness for his
position."
Some of the papers declare that in
asmuch as Germany, the United States
• and Great Britain have declared their
■ intention to maintain the basis of
Samoa intact, while Mr. Chambers, by
his acts and words, has put himself
..outside the act, and can no longer be
considered a proper mandatory of the
signatory powers.
Xh«±-iaeat Icapeetiait hill .Is acconi-
pani<sd b-jr a long memorial expiainixis'
- the reasons aruidiiig the G<jveminent in
• the matter. It gives details showingr
• that the fears expressed that a general
inspection would make meat more ex
• pecsive are unfounded, the cost of such
•inspection feeing only one-eisnth or
• one-sixth of one cent per kilo in the
j .' densely populated' districts. It is also
•."set forth that the importation of meat
not be rendered more difficult. a_3
.. : - the importers will easily accommodate
■•. .'themselves to the new provisions.
;-. The Agrarians do not like the bilL
■ ■ They assert that the paragraph provid
• '.ihg for reimbursing by the Govenmsnt
--.. '.of the losses to producers through their
• •■ having' their cattle or meat condemned
■' .'.as unnt for food cannot be thought of,
' '. " and they add that cattle insurance is
-. ".the only remedy for these producers.
■ ••' The Tage Zeitung attacks the bill
■ . venomously, declaring that it is wholly
•iptable. and that it contains un
. justifiable benefits to foreign importers.
'• The paper says in conclusion: "For us
'•the bill will only be acceptable if ail
■ the provisions relating to foreign meats
.are. replaced by one paragraph, saying
that all the provisions of this law ap
• £fy -with equal force to all im
ported meats. Unless this Is inserted
we hope the bill will be rejected."
• : A careful reading of the whole bill
demonstrates that the fears entertained
•that it will render the importation of
, .American meats more difficult are in
] no way borne out by the- facts. An
American, expert now in Berlin said:
"There is every reason to hope that
.the bill, if it becomes a law, will ma
terially aid our meat exports to Gar
. many, It is more favorable to Ameri
can meat interests than we have the
right to expect- The great feature we
•have contended for, a single inspection
on a uniform plan, is conceded out
• right. The other features are of still
greater advantage to us, especially the
• cne empowering the Bundesrath to
."jrant easements eriichterungen, in the
Importation, of meats, which experience
'has shown, by virtue of their methods
of production and preparation are not
dangerous to life or health and to omit
. a previous inspection altogether. I7n
-der this provision the United States can
claim unrestricted admission of all
American sausage and pick. cured
cr salt meats of every description, for
It can be shown that there is not a sin-
. hinosis or other disease
:.-. meats. This will put
this class of American meats on quite
-. -a different footing than it has held :
heretofore. I regard this provision as i
being one of the utmost advantage."'
..• Professor Stiles has sent a detailed
• statement regarding the bill to Wash- \
.ington and "it i 3 understood that his i
.'conclusions tally with, the foregoing
views of the expert.
■ The Butchers' Federation joins with '
. • tfce Agrarians in opposing the bill and
has issued a circular asking for an
• agitation fund to aid . the Agrarians.
,The federation insists that the bill
•should contain a provision for the
double inspection of all foreign meats. .
The Vossische Cone says the fed
eration thus places itself in opposition ;
. to the interests of German meat con
'• sumers, in rendering imports more dif
ficult and raising prices..
' A number of Saxon manufacturers
have petitioned the Saxon and imperial i
Governments, complaining that many
■ Americans visit the German textile and
other factories, spying upon their
.methods and inducing employes to be
' tray the trade secrets and emigrate to I
• the United States. They ask the an- :
' thorities to interfere.
There were spirited debates in the
Reichstag and Prussian Diet this week.
In the former the Socialists, criticiz
ing the severe sentences imposed on
Socialist rioters by a Dresden court,
caused violent scenes. Herr Gradnacsr,
. a Socialist, termed the sentences bru
. tally tyrannical. :-: - Reuger, the rep
► resentative of Saxony, took exception
to this, calling it an abuse of free
speech and appealing to the president
for protection, at which the Leftists l
hnoted.
Herr Stradtaasen, ac.oth.er Socialist
the EMPOBIITIIII. ___
! a^'»' -!■»'•• X -mM-msm fHI EMPORIUM j^r,^..\
«. Ragtime Baby Mireh »« iTeßnesoay ano rpfu*/ ■ Pi I■ ■ 3 bar/- - i= -Dear in operatic duets at White imbroidered Flannel, scailoped J
Hottest Cooa in Dixie -15« * !^ !t . - ne - UJ - oeff 9] W w>^ Artd ■Wyj^g the Concert by the Emporium Orchestra, edg^, embroidered 3 inches deep, on yard
* Bout r. •- .-■••■• -M« mm • orviwr/ rnve i, U9*a f Before Pilate," can be seen all stitched with silk embroidery, 1 inch deep, «
* lgg e^ e -^^;:;;E::::il I yTaySlu^^ed. 7 CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. ™?*?* " Free of Charge. . yard wideuauuel. eryard..: 650 |
* Just ad Cta Sun Went Down values in aa aOOtt » mmmaa. | For One Week Only a ""^ ■ ■ 7^ Z.a/c?5/ Arrivals in : |
i Exceptional xxthm in For One Week Only j V* L^ st <^ r ir:ik in }
| Curtains *»* Draperies Marvelous Offering of Books* Novelty Ribbons. |
I r~~~ ' 71 Lower prices than you have A c hance to purchase the choicest literature at prices >^ es - e^l^lXl** Jv *
* ■ i il' here or elsewhere for /ps ,- , - Tl - A ■, ,- . , Tt T r j » »-^- the dainty, faewitchmg nD- < *»Vv{V f^-^ *
t I new, cSefdlv made, beauti- M which vvili surprise and delight all lovers of good books-, : bons -f or' neck, waist and ffflb&3^J |
* J^IL I fully patterned, up-to-date - JB& prices such as me can po ±vely assert were oe^r befor* quoted mtb millinery purposes that HfT^mJ^ J
1 1 />^>s^l I Curtains and Portieres. If ■ <^!^ £ c/^' II you have a library, there are a thousand books in this collection will be most ■ extensively .. £^^o^/ *
* k^2^7\ i you hear of prices lower than that should have shelf-room there and which you will never be able to worn this spring You /& M&JSK *
't )f¥%^^\^ these examine carefully into ba ? at lower prices "If you fcran t a library now is the chance to form a mnst see them to appre- /^ Vsi iW\\ J
£ f/ l^^=?rfe patterns and qualities. Zffl IS^^^if, nucleus. This week's remarkable cover a considerable part ot the ciate • their delicacy of Q^y^i \>^ I
» // fet^r^y v^ v r Beautiful Lace Curtains— 4yaris / [|| Fti largest and best assorted retail book stock west of the Rockies. coloring and beauty of vL^p" - -^r§^ *
»"/' i&^L^f ?ta'ASbbf tari2T!5 ial 'i '■' Effi*gg?^n-' 3000 volumes of Hum- Oxford and Baxter Bibles, in feeble Sap bindings. Bibles 'rave.- "- ■ .-. ~ _JMt^h£gj& %
* / JA\ r^^L SK-^3 haSafaS the D-ic^- ' ' W toldt library of Science. ; that were published from 75c to $3.00 each; on sale now, jusf "PUia Ottoman Striped Edp - 2
* L f%yy?S n"^r Oarglllla " «200 jy^W^tfth- containing the works of when you want them (before Easter*, at 23c <O 7SO Ribbon, a inches wide, in tne r^li^^^^r 5
J iMSS^drS P Handsome'Lac'e'Curta^Tf Par Wl^*^^ll the most profound think- 250 volumes Choice Fiction the I^pincotfs library^ the . S^eanl^le JaTaueSt . ' I
* N^-^^ ' * :ors-size 3-. yards by 54 inches- NY- *> / I> *" of '*£ .*******■ works of Captain King, the Duchess , Carey and the Water n?v?ind Sown- l^' «
» ecru or white-Point d'Esprit patterns, with neat borders-per j\\ \\*Jl££*\ ,J' century. Durag this sale Translations, substantially bound in cloth. Punchers' price ,ac cenae, navy ana Drown 50c «
•♦ P^ ;---; -- ----- -•; &3.00 AVr^-P^S mtJ 3mgle IDC nUm IS E " volume: dlir^ th^sale™.™-.. ... . ..^ Ribbon. 4 inches wide, well named, for J
* Imitation Arabian Linen Curtains — and a perfect imitation, J .g\ I -V s^ "? tv"""-""ki""^i 5* 0 IQOO volumes of Fiction. Poetry. Travel and History, by it comes in all the shading in the Rainbow, per yard **Jvi «
J too— 3^ yards Ion?, 54 and 56 inches wide, ecru and white— jj j; m rT^W^<S>;M The double due num^ra a i most 33 many (Cerent authors and including many single Plain Peau de Soie Rib'^on. 5 inches wipe, colored r.ng dots, «
per pair - &4mOO \\& p^rt.'^' •—~~~_\ •— „ r copies of late copyright books. Book 3 that were 73c to $2 ocr m the following combinations: Scarlet, black ring-— verdigris, *
> Beautiful Parior Curtains — almost as nice as real Brussels — ssz^n . tL****^ — "^ volumes Popular volume; during this sale — - 4-Oc white' ring national alii, white ring — navy, white ring — black, J
» 3-, yards long, 54. 56 and 53 inches wide - &2 m Z% —^ " / -^ Handy-VolumeClaaaica.in Illustrated Countries, magnificent pictorial ♦ editions, in white ring— white, black' ring— cactus, white ring— per cfu J
* Real Brussels Lace Curtains— , yards by 50 iaches.M. 75 JL^ \\ attractmsilver-stamped craamental cloth covers, including. England, Ireland, India and . yard. '- : 3UC «
» Real Brussels Lace Curtains— 3- 3 yards by 54 inches 56.00 cloth binding; the works p alestise , Publishers' price $5 per volume; durmgthis sale 850 ' Bayadere Stripe Ribbon, 3-, inches wide, in the latest __ «
* Rococo Lace Curtains— 3>^ yards by 54 inches $?"£*' of such famous writera sig.2s edition Buiwer Lytton'a Works. 13 volumes, this apring colorings, per yard. ' 0C *
J Calais French Lace Curtains— 3,, yards by 50 inches. SOmOO as Carlyie, Euskin, Stevenson, etc. Publishers' price 40c per week ; $5.50 Shaded Taffeta Ribbon, 4 1 * inches wide. Peau de Soie edge «
New Rope Portieres— for doable doors — new designs volume; during this sale ~- - 14-C ' 575,) edition Scott's Waveriy Novels, 11 volumas. this witi black stripe, in blue, yellow, cerise, turquoise, green, ~r\ *
fi ♦ — < — 52»75 250 volumes Fiction, standard authors and recent copyright wee k .^- - — $3*15 apricot, tan and lavender, per yard... ._ — 5\)C ♦
* Charming Rope Portieres with festoon mm J****-* 0 * books, a large assortment of titles, neat cloth, bindings. Pub- " $S.OO edition^nighfs History of England, 9 volumes, thi3 Dotted and Plain Taffeta Ribbon. Drasdeu stripe. 3 and .__ J
* double door 3 $3,543 and $4.75 lisher«' price 50c per volume; during this sale 15c wee k .- - $4*50 2.X, inches wide, rich handsoma effect 3, per yard — <±Z)Z
* We offer this w^k (and they'll go quickly, a larze line of 1000 volumes of CasseU^s Nation! Library, paper bound, $iXO edition Macauleys History of .England, 3 volumas, '" " — — Q V
* upholstery sampies ■° m one of the best houses ■ New lork. scieilC e traveTpcetrv. history, some of the bJt-kzJwn works this week i= ~52.50 Th: Spring StileS M «
* S^^e^.^l^.^.^.^^S^ branch^. WMm 10c per .lume; dur^g «25 ™ Victor Hugo's Works. 7 volum^Js Men'S TOO Goats. ?
* We keep the best Curtain Stretcher made, adjustable pm. . "» l 5 o"Vo"ium^'l^ticaY"Work7'by** 3 uch" 'no^ed^wrS as ' jlio* edition George EUict's Works, 6 volumes, v... ; fj . _ *
* • ~ ~ " 92.7 a B7roTLßrirTia> Moore, etc. beautifully bound in padded leather, week .$l-85 Light and medium weigh „ Over- J
{ titles stamped on cover in gold. Publishers' price $1.50 per .00 edition Coopers Leather Stocking Tales, 5 volumes. r v coats — new patterns— ideas,
* volume; sale price ~..75c this week — $2*25 <*iz=E^ new cloths, coverts, vicunas and *
* Th'V're Here— the ''Beautiful 500 volumes of Juvenile Works, fcr both boy 3 and sirls, 5&00 edition Green's Hatory of English People. 4 ™ tnay*. jf^sT unfinished worsteds— all hand- «
IH^y To n~rt ma DcUUU/Ui booka from the pens of such authors as Eentv, Ccoper, Mayne th : 3 week $3.50 W^ ± **"""' . n 4 A + m^ ar t «
* «»*»**»«*» Uf^el, £?**&»*+;**** Reid. Carey, Molesworth and Ewing. Publishers' price 75.: per 57 50 edition Half Hours With Best Authors, 4 volume^ i>^ SOmely tailored and trimmed— *
* spring WaSn ranriCS volume; during this sale ...™ ....» 3Oc this week - ~ ~ $3*OO /W^f§\ satisfactory clothing at decided- J
* Nowhere else the assortment and still thevre ' Orders by mail must de accompanied by sulkier.: additional money to pen express charges or postage. X%^\ It satisfactory prices— the kind *
£ coming New additions to the great stock daily The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar Carries the Only / f \pi clothing that maiea our cl< j
I now. Our buyers in the East report that prices of Complete Stock of MEDICAL WORKS on the Coast. / I mg department a come-again J
5 cotton goods are advancing. So aside from the ad- No Ok Grues Better *A  Array at The Newest Things far / I 4 _ Place. . J
* vantages of first selectWthe probability that sub- Shoe Values. Motion Novelties. Men's Wear. \T\« *, o^£—!~~ J
» sequent lots will have to be priced higher Should Here is one of cur fashionable, up-to- p tacket Buttons-**™ plain or Monday and during the week a showing . nt£p! [ Silk-faced unfinished Wor- «., ?en «
» influence early buying. ; data Shoes for ladies and a comfortable fancy 3ilk mohair per set _.„ „ of correct spring styles in Men's Shirta j lfc=^ I ■fsteds ---... ?I£~OV
* Novel Zephyr Ginghams in the new cord thread wear-well shoe for children. Expect to _ - - .... • 2 5 C to 4Oc and Neckwear— the newest, nobbiest de- T Imported Vicuna and Whipcord Coats, «'
* weave, exquisite in colorings, checks, and stripes, per -,-. save money when tuymg 'fSr*— -^ " v P ha ventilating Dress Shields, signs, eiciusiva effects and extra value j jY most of tnem silk kned— -- «
* yard..: -. -~ S _.™ 20C "oesaere - :L^ c oily fiuted dress shfeld in the market at the prices. XT? I J^ from ™— -» S^ to i^.3U ,
t * Silk Warp Ginghams, this season's creations, a ~ Ladle L T"? ?1 J l3^ •C 2?/ [ -said to prevent excessive perspiration Men's French T^ I^tV-<^l . Imported Coverts, siLc . taied. $30 I
£ washable fabricfrica as silk and >:::: in wear and ap- an - Shoes-baskfi cloth tops, V< I -the nutin^s are permanent -ail sizes- Percale, Madras . *»1 ITl^ / " :v ?° *? U «
£ pearanee,^ strJish plaids, per yard „ .3OC new coin toes, patent > gjg per pair— -1-— -25c a*i Zephyr \%i ' F/ ffl fW A larje line ■- Ovarcoats in Covers, J
* " 5//*- sr#-/pe Scotch Zephyrs, the acme of Ie^ er ? 8 '« weit f^t) ji A fine assortment of fancy IVasA Shirts, starched s&2t>^ Worsteds and Cheviots-at.... $
* style, richness and durability. These :.-.>:- when sold out can- 3 ° M ; ;" aaaiiscmest &lf^\ Braids -something new— trim- bosoms or golf J-^^W^ " • * "♦"• v ' T
* not be duplicate^ as the demand is greater than the supply, saoe maae ror the money £,/ \f J j „,;„„ u^ percales, piquots and style, irirjieat3 j&^L-jKfisk Man's Tf*nffCPf«« ■*
* and the production is limited, owing to their fineness, - a:id ai aaaa- MLJ&I i Kama— assortment of colors — per dozen that will fit /yM.^. =^^V»v frfC/? S frQUSerSn *
* pervord.™ '...I-...- .. -"C "°J «*« X^ >«^ yarii We to 350 around the neck V%a^gj<jreSsga Men- fine afl-wool Cheviot Pants— a large selection of colors i
* Oxford Shirting, the English made double T^-^;»r^ / An advance shipment of /Tew Se/ts and sleeves that <-^l^^=j | : ffy^,' ani shades to choose from— perfect in and shape— at „.- -.^ «
* wars- weave, soft' finish. 32 inches wide, per yard. - J3C a«ao-oteuie ChL^ has arr j i__ beautiful assortment of i are the nghs /. .[if^^| ; j||j]f „ !>Z.Z3 v
2 Printed Pique Suitings, m stripes, plaids „-> w^Vha S2 50 "' and steel and in charming designs - length — $1.50 iLiti,]:. a /"jb ,\\ \ ■ "*iI a VGeru^"Wor3ted"paut3 neat stripes, hair line 3 and ♦
5, and igures. French American makes, per yard V>Kz to 3UC ai - 3 rhr'.VrVn'V"^"^^ Ed each - 650 to $3,50 and j/| y \A V checks— finely tailored and trimmed— eijuai a. work- Co Q , «
» Percales, the grandest line we have evar had, hun- a-n^-i-ttoa o^ lac*- A new line of tone, Crushed Si 00 'I w ■JmiTlli to tailor made— at. 52.9s *
» :r-:^f imp rtyio, best cloth. 36 inches wide, per 12.1 c fEj - • -" - - Belts for eariv soring wear— they en- if^o^iPis^ SteiZßHori, Suits, $6.95. 1
» ji-- - *2-k i\+ f^^f „"-" ' • .-.c the waist twice-^prices ran« up- Our line of popular price Spring Neck- Steifi-BfCCh SultS, $6,95.
* ' White Apron Jmnm, 40 inches wide, with,-, Ib» toe--pa.«:« leatHe*. tips ward from $2.00 wear a made of fine sUka and satins In ««C#f» D/UVN w«na, _ «
* fancy woven borter. per yard. ™_ \2\Z Vb- 1 sewed fcxisle soies-new; ■ U,i L' Belt Hose Support' new and exclusive fashionable New _- Continuation ot the sale or . be.ore last-so many m- J
* White Fancy Dress Lawn, with raised thread IVI m 7 and materials, and aII 3ilk » wit]l faacy &S3 ailk York. designs, all styles at ~. 50c quiries for these suits last week alter the sale was over that J
T stripe and hemstiten effect open work, very special, per .-. /\ V \ TTv^ v w«anag ; elastic— all colors:- and sizes— very surse- Men's glove fitting double sewn light we decided to renew the offer tor another week, so until hatur-
I yard : -....-.. *2Ac f\V.\ *°«- 1 rlorquaiitv -per pair SOc blue Balbriggaa Shirts and Drawers, _ n day. March 4, if present quantities are not exhausted before tnen, £
* White Organdies, sheer thread, evenly spun on V.X f\ Sizes 3-,- to 11. - I per garment 5Qc the famous Stein-Blocii ail-wooi Suits for mea-iaU -, q^ «
» and woven, 32 iiiciies wide, per yard, 12:-, c to. JUC "^V ~~ SLO ° " Men's Llama Wool Merino Shirts and weights, in five patterns only— go as "?°* /J <
* _ - XJV s«ii^| : Bin, Arrivals m \ Drawers, steam shrunk, double - - One Week Sale 2
...»<-." m ; sewn, per garment JI.X3 w#»«^ »»v,»,r« w««w
*■ ■' The most serviceable or — — - — Spring Hosiery. *** giov, mom Merino - . Boys' School Suits. %
* _ _ l*e VUSt sentOMU Of - AH the With tor The* Lafflrf Insmnd Cottaa Hose — as- | TnmS«.« -........— --_. ?>».SU Boys* double breasted. 2-piece knee-pants suits— double seats *
I Black Dress Goods. Grocery specials. hs^^ts^sS. 4 e ™S^l^Ll!2sc $£s£^_&^*ttzr~i
* IVebegto call your special attention to our van- is not m. Direct Grocery Telephone ■ ~fg£Yf*l-^ Cotton Hose— pair 4 1... 12-.C mf*M m mmmm 2
|to : r/uv of high-luster Cretons-from 38 to South 59. This weefs specials are: &'4 > -h^-^^. blaVk - he°avy BeatMing. *
* $22. 5 0 per suit. large bottles-.eg^ar^ fltffjg&d '„ weFghWouble Bed SheetS-VxLe of nice quality soft finished bleached %
* i — The best*Shredded*Cocoanut, in bulk— • 1 LfS^i/'^-- "^ 3oles I Lgzs prices for test sheeting, naatlv iiemstitciied ; marksl aaw at the prices of *
fr . reffu'arlv l^c Ib — for. Me / [Tttf * per pair..»™.. Dm*Bmi***mm f* *•*■***£*:» plainly "hemmed goods — >- : i.« ■ . *
«■ <A Bewildering Arm Of Cleafwhite Dairy Salt-50-Ib sacks- Lfflt "TT"/? 0 Rubber Goods. 72xSO mciieg 50c each sots.) inches 60c each 2
*-^_ _ 3 „ -*--, reiriarv 3.V— for 25c IWSO| Ladies' Im- J Imperial Hot Water Bottles— 2-quart 51x90 inches 55c each 80x29 inches ,0c each «
i Charming Spring Silks Golden Eule Kitchen Salt-10-lb sacks" VsBn " Sf^i tt 1 capacity-guaranteed for one year. «c GSiW 'orters- About^o do=en-^:olme Comforters-- *
* *^*«*«* MmmmmMmg^rfrnm mammg m*** — regu : arly Sc— for ~ 5c {^/ Toread Eose— ; 6uC liberally filled with good white cotton— full sue, well tutted by J
» The first peep at many new lines this week. Ele- Sal SoOa— lbs for *25c sD \-^ iS& ? i "l ! Imperial Hot Water Bottles— 3- quart hand— each -^ • 91-00 *
I *T % * V cil L -ilk- 'for _ a ,--, sOlta for Ifnffi« Snider Catsup-pints-regularly 25c assorted shades « t tin h £ !w!p £ Ced capacity-guaranteed for one year. -« Blanket*-?™ White . Blankets-good grade Oregon £
. J gant; .CtreSa SlUa, SiKS lor waxSX5 r SlL£a tor linings. bottle *£• " 2Oc beels and double soles— Richelieu, Sam- ■, „ jQc Wool— 66x7^ inches— weight 5 lbs— oa special sale this
» There are half a dozen extra good values— pat- x^rtei Lrdiwi^-MalaiiT 10c h^ iz :i:li Cprduroy ribbed-fancy lace Un^n'Buib"Syr'ng^-paten:'tubing, 5 weet-per. pair. &3^5 «
* terns exclusive with US. " can— for .'. 8c effects and plain— pair sOc \ extra pipes, all in polisheii wood cf nn Traveling Shawls— Just opened a Sue -■ of iremnne «
f Stripe Taffetas— inches wide— Barre effect in the s===^fc Standard Oysters— 24k«aßß ' — I box f0r."..... .. .-— >I.UU ■> English. Traveling Sktw 3 -excellent values —each. s6 to $2O *
*. new spring shades of Purples, Turquoise, Pervenche, Navy _ „ s= "5% — regularly 16c each — „■ _.._,, . Combination Water Bag and Syringe — . « / a j,,w, O-. -. 7 «
J and Gree£— per yard 1..1......._ „...„. B^c te»s£^ for..* -- »3c Hen S c 'Big Vahte m t like picture— Good and zModerdU- frtCea J.
•> Novelty Silks— 2l inches wide, small broken plaid with' Ji'^^H^ Shut's "76" Washing Out inn Cs*n^ I guaranteed %^/\_.. _ JoL. *"^J fS^^ly/fs^ X? j-% £r ♦
* black satin, stripe ; good heavy cloth ; exquisite shades - IK^W^ Powder— the 5c size— lo w««fii^ I '°/ v3 ' •- me year ' JT^^Sl^^^j "OGK&* £L&€JiJri&a ♦
*of Bluet. Heliotrope, Green and Turquoise per yard... 51.10 kS^O'i packages for 25c Men 3 and Boys' - j 2-<iuart /IL^-&^^LM% . z-^ . ■ _ v *
* Novelty Two-toned Stripe Taffetas-Lace Yelery Phosphate Golf Caps-the pop- * /; 3-quart /S^^SlT -* , i T * T - ° r^ 363 7 r°T^ 1
1 effects in the seasons newest colorings- Turquoise, Tas, S"*il^ quarts — regu irlv boo ular style— suitable 1 af " Sf.tO p^^^~=s^M^M ££==±=§==r^k I—cnamois1 — cnamois hnei assonefi colors £
6 Bluet, Heliotrope, Silver, Gray and Black and White r # ' S^^*j^x bottle — until present far outing purposes j _ l>>**/ Ladies' \ ==T __^^^^^ f^----^=y|ci^fw ~~~ W "*" — * 25c 2
»22 aches wide — cer yard .„- ~ ; $1.35 3tock is 501d— ...^..53c and school wwir ■ ., s*'5 *' *2*£ [ quality Rub- -= — f r^ f^T^H'—^ "s==r rp=^ * *" — •-•«■• • •;• ■—■•••■■■: ~ a'_% _ J
* Plain Taffetas— l 9 inches wide ; a good inn cloth in Champion Whiskey— Tegular- good quality of as- J- ff \ . ber Gloves— *^3£gSE^=^ Wases » sra Combaatwa Ca^ Case *
* a complete line of colorings, inclading the new shades of Vio- lv $;-;..-, gallon— this we^t $2.65 sorted tweeds, ,^-._rAiih! per pair - fl , Wm! rM"iil» ana i-ocite. iiooir, grain leader, -^
* let, Heliotrope, Bluet, Perveacie, Mode, Gresn. etc-per __, Champion Whiskey — full . serges, cheviots and VSJ«§^ ;~- °- C Ag=Ji=-<t lii 1 , , 1 ******* "^,f ' *
* toL.._ - — ..... 75C ■ . quart bottles-ragularly Sl— this worsteds — just 36 f\^ — 4 Magic Nasal Oil Atomizer— for "__ tiS^*\ Vl'i i 1 Ladies* • ton. Braa-ne* shape—
* " Black Satin OachesS&-22 inches wide, extra week . . - «0c dozen of them— while I r^\) \ } catarrh, cold in head -etc. — 50c W* jtfteXlllllS genuine alligator— .--.—
X heavy qua.- and good fans. . very styiish for dress - 1 _. P«W* IWne-ouf 11.50 per gallon j the lot lasts, -- ' - S. : Rubber Shirting - test quality, 36 _ n JT T&v' 'l with inside coin compartment— *
ft skirt3-peryari __«-_ $J.SQ I quality-this week for '... $1.00 • each £3C inches wide— per yard. , 3UC t *- - 1 <f<?l » ' well made -....~~ -«*- *
L
who has just been released from prison.
where he had been confined on the
charge of lese majeste. answering Baron j
yon Stumm, the Conservative leader. ■
said the latter^s utterances were only
of ••pathological interest," for which he
was called to order-
During the debate in the Diet on court j
practice, the Government announced
that it was not ready to follow the ;
United States. Belgium and Great j
Britain in adopting a system of con- ;
ditional pardons in the case of youth
ful criminals.
The Government was strongly repre
sented at the sessions of the German
Agricultural Council this week, which
resolved to send experts to Cuba. Porto
Rico, the Philippines and the United
States to study the sugar question from
the point of view of the extent and i
now soon German sugar will be threat- ;
ened by the production in those parts
of the world- •-,•;
Last year Emperor William shot 394
head of game, Including ninety-two
boars, against 2500 head the year be
fore. l --'; ' r -
Vice Consul General Day has resigned
and Consul General Mason's son. D. B.
Mason, has been appointed in his place. ,
He assumed his duties .this week.
Prone Combine Favored.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 25.— A liailj at
tended meeting, of prune growers of So- .
noma County was . held here this after
rujon to discuss matters relative to th.; '
Pacific Coast Fruit Association. Among I
the speakers were N- G. Finley and Dr.
N. B". Coffman. who were delegates to the
mass meeting of growers at San. Jos. two
weeks ago. The unanimous sentiment of :
those present tavored the organization of.
a prune combine. .Several growers sub
scribed for stock in the association, a*- ,
jrresatfng a large acreage of prunes. An-;
other cresting will be held next Saturday. :
A(tv*nc9a made on furniture End pianos, wttli
or without removal. I. .Voontn. lOIT-lflt: MTaalna. j
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26. 1899.
I the EMFOBITTIL^
BORE THE INSULTS
BUT FELT STINGS
Caprivi's Letters Show
His Sentiment.
Capyrtshteti 1399, by the Associated Pr«a.
i BERLIN, Feb. 25.— A further batch of
] letters written by the late General
Co cut yon. Caprtvi has been published.
They clearly show the patience with
which Caprivi bore all the insults and
attacks of his foes, but they also show
how he felt their stingy. In one. reply
ing to a correspondent who wished to
see his honor vindicated, Caprivi said:
"I must decline to comply with your
wish, and give you the motives which
guided me. Not an inconsiderable part
of my motives concern Prince Bis
marck, and I may say. with all due
recognition of the brilliancy of his per
son and our great times, that I saw.
even before I became Chancellor, what
a great drawback the reverse of that
medal showed. Prince Bismarck, as
has often been stated, managed his j
home policy by the same means he em- j
ployed in foreign politics. Thus the na
tion was in danger of seeing its moral
standard lowered. But I do not think
It right to enter into more details or
particulars about this -now/*. ■*
A few other lines in the letter ex
THE E3IPOBIT/M.
pressed the melancholy which Caprivi
felt after his resignation. He said:
"It is hard to be obliged in one's work
to dispense with the acquiescence of
those for whom one elects, and it is
still harder in old age to be separated
from circles in which one has
through a long life. But the hardest of
all is to be exposed with tied hands to
public disregard and be obiiged to look
on and see what one believe! one had
created for the good of the state demol
ished again. I had to abandon many
dear relations in order to remain faith
ful to my convictions. I could not fore
see this. I remained faithful to my
King and myself. This belief nobody
can take from me. As for the rest, peo
ple may think and say what they like."'
ELECTRIC POWER TO
SUPPLY STOCKTON
STOCKTON*. Feb. 25.— 8y the first of
next week Stockton will be directly con
nected with the ■ great Blue Lakes . power
plant of Amador County. Linemen .. are
now • engaged in bringing the wires
through the city, and connection will be
made with the local powerhouse within
forty-eight hoars. It ia understood that
el 3 soon as the pole line In this city is fin
ished, the workmen will start toward Ba
kersflelo. A! Hne through to Los Angelea
is hinted at. .
A feature of these lines which will at
tract widespread attention in the scien
tine world is that nothing but aluminum
wire fa used. . It Is the first fline this class
of wire has been used for electrical trans
mission where the voltage Is so heavy-
For several years experiments were made
with a. view to using this' kind of wire.
but it is of comparatively recent date that
Ediscn solved the problem. The wire is
now used with great success In France.
and all experiments made on the lines
here* thus far have proved satisfactory.
It seems wonderful that, power enough to
run all the factories in a city can be
forced over thi3 wire, scarcely heavier
than cord.
the EatPOßiini.
FIRST TRAIN
INTO SONORA
Rejoicing in the Moun
tain Town.
Special Dlscatch to The CalL
SONQRA, Feb. 23.— The greatest
demonstration held in Sonora in years
took place, this evening', the occasion
being the arrival of the first passen
ger train over the Sierra Railway. The
Columbia cornet band was at the depot
at 5 o'clock, and 300* people were pres
ent. At 5:10 the special from James
town arrived with 200 visitors. "When
the train stopped seventy-five giant
powder cartridges were exploded. At
3:i3 the first regular passenger train ar
rived. George W. Wright^ the popular
engineer of the road, who has the
honor of having been born In Sonora,
brought the first train I rnto . the . city.
The surrounding hills fairly shook
from the effect of the firing of hundreds
of giant cartridges. ...
After music by the band. C. H. : Bur
den introduced Crittenden Hampton,
who in a neat and well-timed speech
welcomed the advent of the railroad
and commended Messrs. Bullock, presi
dent; Prince Poniatow3ki. vice
president; ' S. D. Freshman, treasurer;
Henry Crocker, "and ILr. Potts, the pop
the EatPoaroTK.
ular superintendent, for their energy to
bringing the iron horse into the heart
■i the Sierras. S. D Woods of Stock
ton, attorney for the railroad company, |
responded, in a feeling manner and
intimated, that in his opinion the time
was not far distant when the Sierra j.
company would extend the road, across j
the summit and Tuolnmne people i
could board the trains and make di- |
rect connection through to the East.
Charles M. Tnorburn. grand marshal '.
of the* parade, then formed the line, ;
and the immense gathering escorted the j
railroad officials and visiting guests :
into the city.
During the evening there was a fine
display of fireworks on Leonards Hill
and afterward the officers and other
guests were banqueted at the Hotel
Victoria. Turn Vereln Hall was thrown
open to the public and dancing was
the order of the evening.
The railway people are extending
their road on to Carters, where th-
West Side Flume and Lumber Com
pany has purchased over 600 acres at
land on which, it will erect a sawmill,
box factories, etc From Carters the |
lumber . company will run. a - narrow |
gauge road to Its vast timber tract.
THREE MEN ENTOMBED
BY CAVING EARTH
Laborers Engaged in Digging a Ditch
Near Gxliay Lose Tiieir
Lives.
GII.RO Y, Feb. &.— An accident at the
Lion ranch, near San Martin, seven, miles
from GQroy, this afternoon,, resulted la
the death of- Patrick Daly. James Fltz
gerald and George Bentley. The men
were engaged with a crew of fifteen, oth
ers in excavating a. ditch over a hill. The
earth caved In and one of the men* was
buried alive. In attempting to rescue him
the other two : were caught in a second
THE EJCPOBXmC
Land slide. They are burled beneath
seventeen feet of earth. Men went to
work at once- and it is thought that by
■ midnight the bodies will have been rouna.
Daly had a large family of grown em*;
dren residing in Gilroy. He was about aa
yean of age. Bentley resided at San
Martin. He had a wife and child there
• and was about 3* years old. James Fitz
jrerald had no relatives hereabouts. H-»
had resided in this , vicinity two or three
years. -
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
CATTLEMEN IN CLOVER
REDDING, Feb. 25.— With the price of
beef mounting' by leaps and bounds, tha
cattlemen of Northern California ara
knee deei>- in clover. On the 11th teat.
George- Bayiey refused 10 cents a pound
for 00 head of beeves at Amador. They
were the pick of a band of 3000. George
Duke refused 9 cents for a smaller band
at the same rail point-
Louis Gerber is buying small bunches
of cattle and sheep in Southeaster -.. Ore
gon for the San Francisco markets but is
not able to' deliver more than a tralnload
every thirty days. The stock is driven to
rail points in Siskiyou County. Beef cat
tie have been sold to a great extent La
Siskiyou County, though two-year-old*
are still abundant. Cattle men are loth to
part with, their younser stock except at
exceptionally high prices, preferring to
hold for next fall's clean-up. Stockmen.
hold the whip hand now and are driving
some hard bargains. ■ __ '
W. M. Radio has. just arrived froni
Dawaon. whiither he took 100 head or
prime beef i cattle. It was predicted be
would lose heavily en the speculation. Ka
was so successful, however, that he wUI
try It again In the spring. Mr Radio «
the owner of th« only cows tn the North
west Territory— three head— which, are at
Dawson. A man is paid 5" a day to miU
and feed them. Feed for. the three head
cost a like amount. The xmLc ends a
ready market it $i a quart. . „„«„
In Lassen. Modoc and Siskiyou counties
local butchers have not yet advpeed thetr
prices for meat to correspond »«*»2
general advance in cattle, & ut -„„ S £!?£*
County local prices follow the Baa Ft*a
ciaco market ■
56
SUNDAY FEBRUARY 26. 1899
 JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ■
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main l£7t
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. •"> cents.
Terms by Mall. Including I'optafre:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year fts.oo
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 8 months .*•«»«
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months." J-&"
DAILY CALL— By Single Month :....... <*;»•*
SUNDAY CALLOne Year l.»<>
WEEKLY CALL. One Year I#o °
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample crpies will be forwarded .when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ■■■•• ,:,.■....■.'..■-■,**. Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Hoom 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) 0FF1CE..:..-. *»!**• «<>»••
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent. »
CHICAGO OFFICE ...Marquette Building
C.GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery «treet. corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock 387 Hayes street, open until
C:3O o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 615 Larkln street. open until 9:30 o'clock
-1»4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2£91 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock-' '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk, street. open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock. - ■
AMU ... wNTo.
Columbia— "The Sign of the Cross." .
California— "Black Pattl Troubadore."
Alcazar— "The Girl 1 Left Behind Me."
Tlvfll— "Madeline, or. the Magic Kiss."
< >rpheum Vaudeville.
Comely— "A Trip Across the Ocean." •.
Grand Opera House Ellis Opera Company. Monday even-
Ins, March IS. | '
Chutes and >X>o— Planka, the "I^dy of Ltons."
Olympla— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase. - .
Alhambra— "Dewey the Hero of- Manila," Monday evening.
March <;.
Alhambra— Sousa Concerts, Friday evening. March ...
Sherman-Clay Hall-Concert, Tuesday evening. February 28.
Sherman-Clay "Hall-Song llecitals. Thursd a y evening,
March 2.
Ingleslde C ursine Park— Coursing to-day.
Oakland Kaoc Track— Races •■ -■■■"■
AUCTION A i -co.
By G. H. Dmbien ft Co.-Monday. February 27. at 12
©•clock, lioal t>tute. at 14 Montgomery street.
THE PRESS NOT TO BLAME.
Nj O doubt there is felt a hope that Burns may
benefit bj a'reaction against the press which
1 ■ poses him. But, speaking of reactions, there
art others. Hie attitude of the press has simply
represented the instant public reaction against Burns
et in the moment bis candidacy was announced
bj the Southern Pacific road. That candidacy has
lost none of ii I ive elements and has gained
. nsive since that time. It is now
just what it was then—..: to the State and an
Republican party. It its success were
possible, the mortal wound inflicted upon the. party
would be the same now as it would have been if
deal; upon the first ballot Nothing said nor omitted
ged 1 mtion nor taken the
a out oi the poison of the Burns movement. The
[act thai Wright availed himself oi a passing sensa
tion in the House against newspapers to attach hiin
to the incident as a martyr has effected no
change in his situation nor made any one forget that
he held the Speakership seventeen days and resigned
it in disgrace to avoid expulsion from his seat.
So, m like manner, the morals and politics of the
torial issue and all that is impinged upon it are
re before their n in the press j
ked retaliation in which men participated who
at heart are in exact accord with the press as to the
a -is which made that discussion accessary.
We dq not deny that many good men have taken
on the spirit <>:' rebuke winch has recently been
id with the pre&S as its object. But we very
much I ..'•>: that they would 'nave done much dif
iey had upon them the responsibilities
which appear from th- int of the journalist.
When the cause of an unjustifiable ambition seeks
ncement by enlisting among its agencies every
. from the wanton to the bottle, and. moving
bribery, temptation and debauch
ery, seeks over ihe ruined honor of nidi
's the tarnished fame of the State and the de
feat of the party, there anscs quite naturally a spirit
of frank remark which is not agreeable to the push
and pull that is before ami behind Mr. Burns.
If natural md party interest had been loy
ally considered rir- concern of these mani
rnes, Scott, Felton or some
man their peer in service and their equal in fitness
had beer, put forward and elected, none of these far
..ive occurred. It is an
old "trick of the sinister politician to barnacle himself
the party to its harm and complain that those who
.I'a^e and denounce him are enemies of the party.
The enemies oi the party are those who abuse its
. who belong to it for what they can get from
it, and not for what good it can do the State.
. rty arc those who keep its word
of promi the car and the hope of the peo
ple, who trust it for its promises.
We belong to the latter class, and. not denying
.littint; them to be of temper or inten
■ to seek the public good through party
•r rather- than surrender both in the interest of
such ■ Bttrnß, whose ambitions are as un
- they arc personally unfit for the high
. s they seek.
ter every pa;n'r in the United States had printed
definite information that Admiral Pcwcy would, not
■ to be a candidate for the Presidency, quoting
his own words, the Examiner takes the trouble to
- h.i".d ■ •••.:: thing new. It even au
nt a representative clear to Manila
■ in. If this representative is James Creel
raan, the information may fairly be considered mv
v its general acceptance bcretof. ■•
truth. It is believe.; that I n tell the truth
Cn\ "id refrain from -ending a word.
There is a possibility thai General Eagan will get
no pay i in which case
suspcr.Mon v . the aspect of punishment.
Alt* rks for a salary could recon
tuance oi the work and
continuance of the salary.
■ Francisco i> not proud of its bunko men, but
r h: nize the fact that it has about as crafty
ed going to jail. The attention of
: dice is respectfully directed to them.
Dibble and Johnson do not want Senators elected
by popniar vote. Possibly they fear that the people
wr.uU! rise an tpon sending them to Wash-
THE INTERESTS OF REPUBLICANISM.
THE few manipulators and selfish farmers of the
opportunities of Republican power are trying to
secure their own ends, to the destruction of
party primacy, by declaring that The Call, under ad
verse party management; reflects the aspirations of
the minority in this State tind seeks to advance its
interests by fighting against Burns.
This statement should appeal to no man of con
science and sense, and to no Republican who con
siders at once the principles and the mission of the
party. It is a statement which carries with it the
necessary admission that Daniel M. Burns is the
most meritorious and deserving Republican in this
State, and that he is so much the party that to op
pose him is to oppose the party itself.
Now, in all candor, we ask any one who stands for
this statement to answer what would have been the
result if this preposterous claim had been made be
fore the last election? What would have happened if
the Republican State Convention had announced
Burns as the party's sole candidate for Senator?
What would have happened if the candidates, from
Governor down, who did such useful work on the
stump, had announced in every meeting that Mr.
Burns was to go to the Senate as the first and high
est fruit of Republican victory? What would have
happened if the Democratic manager of Republican
politics for the Southern Pacific had proclaimed be
fore election that Mr. Burns was the Republican can
didate of that corporation for the Senatorship?
We ask any thoughtful Republican, who knows
why he is a Republican, to appear before himself in
the court of his own conscience and ask which «has
stood for the highest, best and most permanent in
terests of his party, the Southern Pacific road in
backing Bums or The Call in opposing him. There
is not one such Republican in California who does
not know in his heart that the success of Burns
means the defeat of the party.
We have seen much bad-tempered criticism of The
Call, and some antagonisms have arisen which we
will long regret, but. brought to the test of party
loyalty, measured by the things which make for im
mediate and future Republican domination in this
State. We as yet lack the condemnation of a single
Republican who looks to a future indorsement of the
current party action.
The Call stands in a position peculiarly marked by
unselfishness and by a desire for continued Repub
lican primacy, for it has no candidate for the Senate,
it represents no personal greeds, grudges nor am
bitions, and stands in good company, as it would
elect to stand in no companionship at all.
for the party which received such a generous mea
sure of public confidence last November, and in all
fairness and decency should deserve that trust and
merit its repetition by having aspirations above the
gutter, candidates outside the logues' gallery, and |
purposes higher than the ambitions of the vulgar and
indecent.
" This is a position which we prefer to hold, sub
mitting our course to the calm judgment of those to
whom politics represents principles rather than
spoils.
The traffic -hunting pigs who want to swallow what
they can root out of party victory have sent abroad
the charge that The Call is intriguing to secure the
return of Stephen M. 'White to the Senate. Against
this falsehood we set the truth that it is our desire
to have the Republican party prove that it has in its
ranks a man to succeed that Senator who will be his
peer, that it may not be said that in electing a suc
cessor to him California Republicanism has only per
petuated the vacancy left by his retirement.
If there is a Republican who deserves public re
spect in this State who is in discord and disagree
ment with our position he has not yet been heard
from.
(\ NEW DEPARTURE IN POLITICS.
r EARFUL, perhaps, that the demoralization of
Democracy and the collapse of Populism may
leave the Republican party without a rival in
iooo and thus deprive the country of its accustomed
heated Presidential campaign, some enterprising citi
zens of Washington have set about the task of or
ganizing a new party to overthrow the administration
?rid reform the country.
The movers in the new undertaking propose to
base their organization upon a platform with but a
single plank. That plank, however, is of the kind
known as a jim dandy. It is about as wide as the
desire for office and as thick as a log. It is clearly
strong enough to support as many people as can get
en it with both feet, and the calculations are that
enough shall get on it to elect a President by carry
ing every State in the Union.
This single, all-comprehending, high-cockolorum
plank declares: "We hold niat the only free and just
government is that in which the lawmaking bodies
are composed of direct representatives from such in
dustries or occupations as have a majority of votes
in the Congressional and Legislative districts denned
by our constitutions and the laws of our States. With
an abiding faith in the truth and justice of our be
lief, we appeal to every farmer in the United States
to join hands with us in effecting our purpose, which
is the nomination and election of farmers as members
of Congress and farmers as members of our Legis
latures."
For simplicity of character and directness of ex
pression that platform is Unsurpassed in the annals of
cur politics. It ignores all questions of govern
mental policy, all consideration of political measures,
and goes straight to the main pomt — who shall hold
the offices. We declare, say the framcrs of the plat
fo-m. that the farmers should be the lawmakers and
draw the salaries and divide the patronage. What
more would you have?
If the new movemer.t do not attain a wide sweep
and swing it will be only because this country is
tired of politics and would not vote for the ten com
mandments if accompanied by a new agitation. The
platform gets rid of the tariff, the silver question, the
var problems and all other issues that perplex the
. brain. The sole defect in it is that it also gets rid of
all the existing politicians, and that defect is one
>d many people v. it! account a virtue.
The latest attempt to overthrow the French Gov
ernment hnd in it many of the elements of a practical
joke, including the discomfiture of the jokers.
U American authorities succeed in exterminating
yellow fever in Cuba the people of that, island ought
tc he so grateful as to refuse independence.
No man who earns a living by the making of ear
:oons has yet been observed in quest of a new job.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26. 1899.
THE so-called anti-cartoon bill provides that it
shall be "unlawful"' to reproduce in a news
paper the portrait of any person residing in
this State without his or her consent, except such
person is a public official or has been convicted of a
crime. It also provides that it shall be '"unlawful" to,
draw and publish a caricature of any person which re
flects upon his honor or integrity, or which (it might
have been more aptly said) is calculated to lacerate
his feelings. To do either one of these "unlawful"
acts makes not only the man who draws the carica
ture or prints the portrait responsible, but every one
connected with his establishment from the printer's
devil up.
The constitution of the State of California contains
an article entitled "Declaration of Rights," by which
certain privileges and immunities are guaranteed to
every citizen. This "declaration" contains some
privileges which the English Barons extorted from
King John at Runnymede. One of its sections de
clares: "Every citizen may freely speak, write and
publish his sentiments on all subjects, being respon
sible for the abuse of that right, and no law shall
be passed to restrain or abridge the liberty of speech
or of the press."
Perhaps the Senators and Assemblymen who voted
for this anti-cartoon bill never heard of the constitu- '
tion of California, or, if they did, were unaware of
the existence in it of this declaration. Indeed, it is
charitable to believe in their ignorance.* How any in
telligent man could read the sentence we have
quoted and vote for the anti-cartoon bill without
considering it a joke passes all comprehension. By
this "declaration" an unalienable right is granted to
every man in California to write and publish his sen
timents upon any subject. Yet the author of the anti
cartoon bill says it shall be "unlawful" to write and
publish them unless it is done in a certain specified
way. which he describes in detail.
Of course a knowledge of constitutional law is not
a qualification for a seat in the Assembly, but, never
theless, when a person having a grievance against
the press attempts to legislate for its regulation he
should take pains to inject some intelligence into his
work. There is no power in the Legislature to regu
late the privilege enjoyed by every man in this State
of speaking and writing his sentiments upon any sub
ject. The Legislature may punish speakers and
writers for abusing the privilege, but it cannot punish
them for telling the truth nor for publishing charges
against their fellow-citizens when they do it for good
motives and justifiable ends.
We venture to say that there is not a Justices' Court
in California which would hold the anti-cartoon bill
constitutional.
A COSE OF TRUE ELOQOENCE.
SINCE the object of oratory is to persuade and
convince the minds of men to such an extent
that they will vote as the orator desires, any
speech which is successful in winning over an
audience prejudiced against the cause of the speaker
must be accounted as one of genuine eloquence.
That being so, the crown for eloquence at this ses
sion of Congress must be awarded to a new member,
a certain William Harrison Graham, described by
the veracious chronicler of the Washington Post as
"the lank, hollow-eyed, bewhiskcred successor to
Governor Bill Stone of Pennsylvania."'
Mr. Graham desired to induce the House to amend
the river a.nd harbor bill by adding to.it an appro
priation for a survey of Yougiiiogrreny Creek, a
'< stream which is tributary to the Monongahela, and
tutors it somewhere in the neighborhood of Fitts
l«irg. As the extent of the desired survey is only
twenty miles, there is no apparent reason why the
work should not be done by the county through
which it runs, and the House took that view of the
question. Moreover, the temper of Speaker Reed is
known to be economical, and the committee in charge
of the bill shared his desire to shut out amendments.
It was therefore a prejudiced, adverse and hostile
audience that Mr. Graham had to address, and had it
not been his maiden effort he would not have been
! listened to at all.
Under such circumstances true genius displays its
potent power. The speaker said nothing about the
insignificant creek for which he sought an appro
; priation. He took up a subject on which he could
spread the eagle. He declared the object of the bill
was to benefit Pittsburg, and then he soared:
"Pittsburg ran present annually to every man,
woman and child in this country a glass bottle.
(Laughter.) Pittsburg: leaves them to decide
whether it shall be filled with milk or something
stronger. (Laughter.) Pitt<=burg makes enough of
both beer and whisky to fill all the 20,000,000 glass
tumblers she sends out annually, her most recent
product being a $25,000,000 beer syndicate. To pro
vide for other cravings of the stomach she has a firm
that sends out pickles enough to present every hu
man being on the face of the earth with one.
(Laughter.) Her railroad tonnage is three times
that of Xew York or Chicago, twice that of London
and four times that of Paris. (Applause.) Includ
ing the Connelsville coke region, over 2,000,000 rail
road cars are loaded annually.
•What town is that?" asked Representative
Brucker of Michigan, facetiously.
"It needs no gentleman on the floor of the
House," retorted the eulogizer of Pittsburg, "to an
swer that question." (Laughter and applause.)
The orator had but five minutes in which to make
his speech and sweep the House off its feet. We are
told that after he had given four minutes to a
panegyric on Pittsburg he threw in a few words for
Allegheny County, and then the chairman put the
vote on his amendment. A division was demanded,
and Representative Graham swung both his long,
bony arms. ''Friends of Allegheny County stand !
up," he shouted, as though he were rallying a throng !
j of. freemen at a ward meeting. The whole House
': stood up, or nearly so, for by 106 to I it was decided
that Youghiogheny Creek should be surveyed.
A professional bicycle rider who has been in tlje
business six years says he has pulled down between
$So.ooo and $90,000. Here is encouragement for
young men who have a leaning toward professional
!:ie. although it may dampen the ardor of those who
aspire to the presidency of a college.
This town wants the horse cars abolished. To be
sure at every proposed improvement there is an out
cry against increased danger, but the populace has
grown agile with practice, and. besides, all cars, of
course, are to be equipped with fenders.
The gentleman who has just paid $5000 for a dog
could find ?. number of people who would rather have
the price than the dog, this with all respect for his
judgment and the dignified pedigree of the purchase.
While the Board of Education is saving much
; through the cutting of salaries, think of the
much greater amount it saved by refraining from pay
i ing any salaries at all for a period of months!
According to a morning; paper Seattle is indignant
at General Shatter. It happens, however, that oo
anything pertaining to this officer the morning paper
in question is not an authori*'
UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
By K|ENF?Y JAMES.
Concerning a new paper which comes
under my notice I have nothing to say
save- as to a single article which hap
pens to be an attack upon Ambrose
Bierce. I have been led to believe that
Mr. Bierce is competent to fight his own
battles and ordinarily would have no
impulse to defend him. So far as the
assault bears upon the ability of Bierce
as a critic I regard it as perfectly just.
His expressed opinion of the literary
product of any person is absolutely
without value. Whether he Is incom
petent to judge or for mere perverse
ness chooses to be absurd is a point
upon which information is difficult to
obtain. But the article in question is
grossly stupid in that it denies to Bierce
credit for capacity to do good work,
when as a fact many intelligent people
here and abroad hold that he is the
writer of some of the best, the strong
est and the most striking stories ever
couched in model English. Certainly
these tales will be remembered long
after the circumstance that Bierce ever
wrote for a daily paper shall have been
forgotten. Whether his Sunday letter
is good or bad matters little, for in a
week — as all other work of the kind —
it is lost to recollection. To formulate
classics for a daily paper would be an
exaggerated method of wasting pearls.
The average reader does not want clas
sics, and getting them would consider
himself aggrieved. Were Bierce to write
at his best he would shoot ideas so far
above the heads of his following that
they could not discern them with a
telescopic mental eye. But my indig
nation is due to the embodying in the
denunciatory screed of a brutal and
malign attack directed against a man
who, having been befriended and en
couraged by Bierce, presumes to ad
mire and perhaps unconsciously to imi
tate him. To this man nature has given
a physical cross to bear and bravely
he bears it. Yet the ambushed assail
ant taunts him with the misfortune not
to be escaped, gibes at the anguish
above which the sufferer has risen, and
then seems to think a point has been
scored. In all my experience as a
reader I never ran across an outrage
more fla ;rant, a covert thrust more
cowardly given. As a smaller reason
for protest there appear to indicate au
thorship of the unholy affront to
decency the i: itials "H. J." Lest some
superficial student of current journal
ism ma> think I am guilty I hasten to
disavow the iniquity. Occasionally the
duty of saying harsh things arises, and
while I do not shirk it I do not hide
behind initials. Such subterfuge is
worse than the crime of being anony
mous, for it may cast suspicion upon
the guiltless. Before I reach so de
graded a state as to devote to wanton
ridicule of the afflicted such feeble habit
of phrase as may be mine may 1 lose
the power to place a word on record.
• • •
Professor Paul 'osey: I ~i perfect
ly willing to concede that you are a
crank, but it is distressing to observe
that you spell it with a K.
• * «
Dennis: Having read your contribu
tions, I am convinced that there is
about your name something singularly
appropriate.
• • *
That James Creelman should now be
near the scene of activities in Manila
is a genuine misfortune.. Of all the
newspaper correspondents who ever
misled the public. I regard him as the
most conscienceless and unreliable.
One might read a detailed account of
a battle, written by Creelman, a de
scription of the charge, the retreat and
the burial of the dead, and yet not
have the slightest assurance that a bat
tle had occurred. Up to the present
people have had a clear idea of the
progress of matters in the Philinpines.
Now they are certain to be confused,
for there will be Creelman reports and
truthful reports, and not all are pre
pared to draw the distinction. I am
sorry that some of the men who went
from here to represent local papers did
not remain. Sol Sheridan and Corporal
Healy for The Call, Mart Egan for the
Chronicle and Douglas White for the
Examiner all sent accurate an' inter
esting reports. White was handicapped
by the absurd commissions given him
by his paper, and a ponderous title, but
he did his work well notwithstanding.
Any one of th f ~? men was worth a
dozen Creelmans, but the trouble
seemed to be over and they were with
drawn. Then Creelman was forwarded,
and we realize with pangs that the ac
tual trouble has just begun. Happily,
however, Creelman may be so busy tell
ing Otis and Aguinaldo how to conduct
a war that he will not have time to
cable much but a record of his own
valuable emotions.
• • •
I hope there is no treason in expres
sion of the wish that the good and great
Mr. Alger would perceive the beauty
of retiring with his honors thick upon
him and rest in a bower of the laurel
with which he has been showered. . If
he cannot take this view of the case —
still no treason— to see him kicked out
of the Cabinet would be a pleasing
spectacle. Probably there was never in
the family of Presidential advisors a
man more incompetent, more distaste
ful, more lacking in public confidence.
People recognize the fact that the War
Department had a vast task to per
form, and that while this was per
formed with expedition every stage of
development reeked with scandal, with
favoritism and with rotten beef. The
present is too late a time to be mak
ing excuses. There can be no excuses
for offense so rank. Neither will the
attempt to prove that the soldiers who
died of his beef were guilty of false
pretense, and that the generals who
made complaint at seeing them die lied
for the lust of lying, tend to create and
perpetuate esteem for Alger. One
thing, however, has been accomplished
by the exhibit of Algerism. He has a
habit of being mentioned as a Presi
dential possibility every four years, and
this habit has doubtless been given a
permanent quietus, wherein fs to be
discerned a grain of comfort.
A California paper complains that
Indians have entered this State from
Nevada and are engaged in the
slaughter of deer. Of course this action
on the part of the ignorant savage is
reprehensible. Any deer would rather
be killed by a white man, clad in
proper hunting togs and with a high
priced gun. lam reminded of the days
when our good forefathers not only
shot all the deer in sight, but potted
the Indian as well, but of course ideals
have changed since those crude times.
There are fools In the world, but little
profit In discussing them, as being
what they are there is no hope ?f wej
form for them. Among the virulent
fools I would give a place to tritz
Haas. He was certain that a rifle was
unloaded, and to justify the faith which
was in him pointed the weapon at a
boy and pulled the trigger. At this
writing there remains a hope that the
boy may recover and a depressing as
surance that Fritz will. There should
be a severe penalty for this sort of
homicidal jocoseness. To term such a
shooting "accidental" is folly. It is de
liberate, inexcusable, and should be
punished by a long term in the peni
tentiary. The person who will in jest
point a gun or any other deadly weapon
at another person is not fit to be at
large. He is either a criminal, an idiot
or a lunatic.
• • •
The decadence of Joaquin Miller is a
sad instance of the going out of a great
intellect. The author of some of the
finest poetry ever written in America
and of a virile prose, bespeaking gen
ius, he has descended to the position of
a vaudeville freak, clad in uncouth rai
ment and singing a senseless ditty for
the amusement of a crowd that would
with equal interest gaze upon the fat
lady or the ossified gentleman. He be
comes the object of contempt or of com
miseration. In earlier years he reached
the climax of achievement possible to
him and instead of pausing there has
started down the hither side. Some
friend ought to enjoin him.
« * *
For some reason the plan to close the
city cemeteries seems to be in abey
ance, but when the Supervisors have
accomplished the routine of their du
ties I hope this subject will be taken
up again and a decision reached to stop
at the earliest possible moment burials
within the limits of San Francisco. The
reasons for doing this are so many and
so incontrovertible as to leave no room
for argument. In a city a cemetery
not only impedes progress, but it is
likely to poison earth, air or water, or
all of these, and to preserve for the
peril of the living the germs of deadly
disease. Far away from the busy
streets, yet within easy reach, beauti
ful cemeteries have already been pro
vided for Protestants, Catholics and
Jews. They are where for an incalcu
lable number of years they cannot be '<
a detriment and perhaps by the time
they shall be found in the way the
method of burial will be obsolete.
Any American citizen must be inter
ested not alone in the future of the
Philippines as bearing on the welfare
of his own race but in the discussion
the condition has provoked, and the
widely divergent opinions of men
equally conscientious. It seems to me
the fuss is greater than the occasion
warrants, and the fear that in either
outcome the United States will go to
the bow-wows is entirely without foun
, dation. My respected friend, Henry E.
Highton, seems possessed of a terror
that the constitution is being rent into
small bits. He says the constitution,
like the Ten Commandments, is eter
nal as eternity itself, wherefore I am
of belief that he errs. The constitu
tion was formed under stress of cir
cumstances which have passed away,
to meet the requirements of people
who have long been dust. Wise and
glorious as the document is, I do not
see how ft could at that time have been
so contrived as to fill the needs of gen
erations then unborn, to deal with sitUv
ations of which no statesman had the
remotest dream. "Is George Washing
ton a back number?" asks Mr. High
ton. That magnificent personality will
ever remain, and so long as this na
tion exists, be to it a pride and an in
spiration. Solomon was a learned man,
but he would be out of place to-day as
president of Stanford University. The
first builder to construct a locomotive
understood the principle of steam, but
placed on board a modern engine such
as hauls a lightning express now he
would have to ask the location of the
throttle bar, how to apply the air brake
and the meaning of the semaphore.
Despite my regard for the erudition of
Mr. Highton, I am unable to see aught
in the constitution forbidding us to ad
vance, directing us to be a walled-in
nation or thrive upon our own fat in
the manner of a hibernating bear. The
oft quoted precedent set by the Ro
man republic is of no value. The ways
of the Romans were not our ways;
their capabilities were less, their mor
als lower. Washington never recom
mended the use of the horseless car*
riage, never sent a message by wire,
never scratched a match on the rear of
his trousers, never tried his eyes by
electric light, never lolled in a Pullman
at sixty miles an hour. The majesty
of the individual we may justly vener
ate, and his memory cherish, rever
ing his unselfish honor and honesty, but
while Washington is not a "back num.
ber" his ashes are not up to date.
When Dewey destroyed the Span
ish fleet at Manila, my impulse was to
glory in the fact that the American
flag would go up there and stay. Later,
as the natives seemed so valiantly to
object, I regarded them as patriots, and
hoped this Government would find an
opportunity decently to withdraw. The
Filipinos have shown that part of them
need killing and the rest to be gov»
erned by a power capable at any time
of crushing them. It will not do to af
firm that the United States undertook
the task as a high and holy mission,
but in great measure the task was
pressed upon this country in such man
ner that to have shirked it would have
been cowardice, and to leave it unfin
ished, the islanders to fighi among
themselves until subjugated by some
nation even more piggish than this,
would add cruelty to cowardice. I no
tice that the same debaters who q
of "mongrel hordes" incapable of
government speak, when the tern bet
ter suits them, of the brave "Filipino
patriots" struggling for a liberty wo
will not permit them to obtain. They
also affirm that with the Philippines
under cur control there will be nothing
to prevent the natives from swarming
to these shores. This tends to sh.w
that their remarks are for effect, and
to thoughtful people the effect is dif
ferent from that expected. Patriots do
not plan massacre, shoot at flags of
truce, make a target of the wounded.
Mongrel hordes do not invade a civil
ized country. When Filipinos get dan
gerously numerous here. Utes will pre
dominate on Broadway and Brule Sioux
b? running the packing houses of Chi
cago. It is well to face facts as they
are. We have paid for the islands good
American blood and a trifle of $20,000,000.
Perhaps the bargain was bad, but jus
tice holds us to it. Sympathy for the
islanders, whn would under this coua
try be given better government than
they ever knew, is wasted, and even
the potent, admirable constitution of
the United States, the protest of its
conservative citizens, can no more stay
the advance of civilization, whether
with Bible or with gun, than prayer
can avert an avalanche.
Occasionally it may be noticed that
some philanthropist is announced to
deliver a lecture to "young men only
Ido not belie- em such lectures. N
listener there hears anything his own
instincts of decency have not taught
him or that he has not absorbed from
th* prevelant patent medicine pamph
let. Such affairs draw, but so do un
clean cases in court.
» * •
When an actress is blessed with your,
and beauty there is a custom of an
nouncing her marriage about oi
so often, giving her an opportunity not
only to indignantly make denial, but
to state that she is wedded to her art
and that the union is satisfactory,
has always seemed to me that the af
fair of selecting a husband for hers. Ir
is one which might as well be left b
an actress, particularly since if sh.
finds the selection injudicious usage
gives her the privilege of trying again,
and as yet there has been no limit set.
Meantime, to announce that an actre^
has been married to a man old enough
to be her grandfather is a distinct
piece of Impertinence, if untrue.
THANKS FROM
IOWA MOTHERS
PEC MOINES, lowa, Feb. 16, 1899.
Editor San Francisco Call: During
the time the Fifth lowa Regiment was
in camp in San Francisco reports came
to us constantly of the many kind
nesses received from the Red Cross ard
Catholic Truth societies, and from all
the c zens with whom they be(ia:no
acquainted. ; Many little incidents of
courtesies extended and kindnesses
shown, which went far to relieve the
monotony, fare and inconvenience of
camp life, were noted from time to
time. Two of the companies, A ami R.
are mostly from our, own city and all
wrote glowing accounts of how f he R< 1
Cross met. them when tired and hun
gry and served them with dinner t.
fore the journey to camp was finished
and how that same society remembered
them to the last, furnishing ea_>n with
a • sack containing ah ample lunch,
every article of which was minutely
specified. Even the kind milkman was
not forgotten, who gratutiously emp
tied cans, giving the boys a rich treat
just as they were embarking on the
Pennsylvania. All this, together with
the awful sickness that followed, with
the weary days and nights and their
long continued stay on the vessel has
been written again and again, and
though it may seem a tardy acknowl
edgment, we feel like telling the so
cieties and all who dealt so kindly with
the strangers in their midst that our
hearts will ever go out in gratitude for
the many kindnesses shown our boys.
Some of the mothers of the boys of
companies A and H here in the city
have formed a. cir-le which meets each
Sunday afternoon to talk of, exchange
news items and pray for our absent
boys in the Philippines, and in the last
meeting we decided to send this word
of thanks to all in your good city who
so generously contributed to the pleas
ure and comfort r ° our loved ones,
many of them absent from home for
the first time. We remember, too, the
lately bereaved mothers of your State
who mourn the loss of dear boys in far
away Manila. ' May God comfort them.
Gratefully to all -who were interested
in our boys, from the Fifth. lowa Regi
ment's mothers. v :'~ ■ • - hMi ;«
■; - MRP. M. c* staves;
Secretary Mothers'. Meeting.
TWO DAMAGE SUITS.
t
A Death, and a Broken Leg Lead to
Litigation. . ' -
Mrs. Nellie F. French, -Individually- and
as guardian of her children, Clara. John
and Alice, filed suit yesterday, against
Lorenzo I>orenzini to recover $20,000 dam
ages for the death of her husband, John
H. French, who was accidentally killed
January 27. Decedent was employed to do
some "plumbir"- work on defendant's
building. 2621 Clay street. While climbing
up a ladder attached to the house one or
the rounds broke, throwing French to his
death. Mrs. French avers that the acci
dent, was caused by reason of defendant's
negligence. Hence the suit.
Diedrich Seegelkin has sued Bates <&
Suydam - to recover $26,055 damages for
personal injuries. . -.-x- -
Seegelkin was employed by the defend
ants and was furnished by them with a
horse and buggy. While driving the horse
Seegelkin was kicked in the right leg,
which was fractured. The suit followed.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The largest sun dial in the world Is
Hayou Horoo. a large promontory extend
ing 3000 feet above the Aegean Sea. As
the sun swings around the shadow of this
mountain touches, one by one. a circle
of islands, which act as hour marks.
A souvenir of our Golden State. Old Mis
sions In California, fire-etched on boxes of
Townsond's California Glace Fruits. 60c
pound. 627 Market s:reot. Palace Hotel. •
Dr. Charles W. Decker.
Dentist. Phelan Bldg.. $0i» Market. Special
ty, "Colton Gas" for ■ , xtraetion. •
Professor Schwab, ofNYale, says that
the learned professions absorb 62 per cent
of the college graduates nowadays,
whereas they formerly, absorbed 92 per
cent. On the other hand, business pur
suits now take 31 per cent, against 6 per
cent in the old days. .
California Limited,
Santa Fe Route. Leaves Sur.i.iys, Tuesdays
and Fridays. Elegant service. Vestibuled
sleepers, observation cars. Harvey's Diningf
Cars through from California to Chiesjto with
out change. Get full particulars at. company's
office, 62S Market st •
Look cut for SI Fourth m., near S.cent barber.
Best eyeglasse?. sp^cs. 10c tc 4'X-.
iOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
\ Wells, Fargo f
| & Company |
o Respectfully inform the busi-
o nex* a* well as the general o
q public that on o
g MONDAY, February 27, 1899, g
g THE EXPRESS g
O Will be ready for the conduct of ®
® business in
| THEIR NEW BLOCK, i
I o o
o Boanded by Second, Aisnoo, o
o New Anthony and Cbenev °
g Streets. %
o o«
o H. W. TITUS, o
g General .A^ent. Q
000000000000000000-™__~_ ADVJBTISEMENTB. _____^_-
® ♦"i/'t"® +® ♦(£^3>-®^®-^£-^^S-f<i^'J^3^^-f®^£^<s-^®>-s'^-®'*"®^"®"^®^"®
jCITYOF^ PARISj
| I DRY GOODS COMPANY. |
I REAL LACES! |
T Will Exhibit the Coding Week I HagniScent :::«;ion of REAL LACES. Inching ©
J I POINT GAZE, DUCHESSE, @
I j ALENCON, APPLIQUE, ®
♦ i CROCHET, CHANTILLY, §
I LIERRE and VALENCIENNES. * |
® In Edgings, Insertions. Bands and Flounclngs.
1 I REAL LACE BERTHAS. |
§ Will Also Show the Very Latest Designs in the NEW CIRCULAR |
® . LACE BERTHAS, in Point, Duchesse, Applique and Chantilly. ♦
I REAL LACE HANDKERCHIEFS. |
I Real Duehesse, Applique and Valenciennes Lace Handkerchiefs, ®
J in All the New Designs. t
® .....SPECIAL,.... I
T Real Valenciennes Laces and Insertions toMateh— A Splendid g
♦ Assortment Just Received. X
0 ......Novelties in Embroideries and AHovcrs Just Received.... j|
I -♦■
© : ®
® COUNTRY ORDERS WILL BE PROMPTLY AND CAREFULLY FILLED. <|
® — . ®
1 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
I 5. E. Ccrser Bmij aid Stccxtoa Streams, Saa Pnscisco. ®
T union square. (t
♦ ' ' -t-
MONEY PROMISED TO
SAVE THE MERCANTILE
FLEST WEEKS CAMPAIGN IS
EXCOrBAGING.
:Volunteer Workers Show Nine Thou
•: sand Dollars in Sight, With
Many More Promised.
A muster of the Mercantile Library vol
■unteers who have been out during the
■tre-ek trying' to raise, the $73,uC0 mortgnge
en the institution was held at the library
bufMins last evening. Results were re
vfesredj and those present felt encourag-ed.
' Nearly SSOOO, it -was found, had been
indefinitely subscribed or promised, while aj
i mrmber of -wealthy people had taken, the
' matter of subscribing '"under considera- \
iion" in wiys that were virtual promises, j
Everybody seemed to have displayed a
•' warm interest in the -- .-.ion- "We
• " can see light ahead of us now," said en
ergetic President NewhalL
f About twenty-five of the workers who
b^gan this campaign last Monday were
present; President Xewhali reported that
•. he had sent about .300 letters and fifteen
. telegrams to people in the East and els«-
I where. Among those telegraphed to were
C. P. Huntington. Mrs. Stanford. George
Crocker. Chares Fair. James Flood and !
Mr. S-earles. Replies had not yet come. ]
except from Mr. Searles' attorney, who j
Intimated that his client's recent gift to j
the Hopkins Art Institute misht interfere i
a: this time. He expected subscriptions ;
from son of the ■.-... to. There
were expectations from some local men of
wealth he had seen. Mrs. Sarah Kohi of 1
San Francisco had sent a check for JIOOQ, j
which, with the IKSO received from Mr. !
Kendrie of Sound Beach. Conn., a few
days ago. maiie £X<*j actually received.
Sirs. McMullen reported two ROQO sub
scriptions in prospect, two life member- !
ships paid for. a subscription of $o<> and a
promise of another small subscription.
...-Her son had received an offer of a sub
. • scrip tion for 519X00 in 3 per cent bonds
'.' -should that method of raising the mort
'.. gaee tve taken.
Mrs. Bradley, who was absent, was saM
' to- have CKO to report: Viee-Presldent
■> -Frank P. Deering had a $3» subscription
•■and a promise of another. One energetic
,'■ [.xoembex of the committee bad seen forty
■ one men and seven worth at least C 50.000
. '.'each had subscribed $140. Thomas R. Ban
• rierman had one that would probably
"" give and others in prospect.
. Such reports created a feeltiig that an
". encouraging start toward petting the old
. Institution out of its troubles on I - - way
to prosperity had been made and that the.
-effort should be kept up.. President .N'evr
hall was in favor of employing a good
• solicitor to canvass for life and ordinary
memberships on commission. Mr. Xew
hall wilt leave in a day or two for a three
months' trip to Japan, and during his ab
■ sence Vice-President Deering will lead
- the active campaign which will be kept
.• up in the same lines.
Suciden Death r_ a Prominent E~r
lish Sliip-Owner.
. •. we regret 10 announce me aeam 01 .iir.
John Hamilton': senior partner of the firm
•.' "of Hamilton, Fraser & Co.. shipowners.
Castle street, Liverpool, which took place
" • at deceased's residence in Prince's ave
nue. Mr. John Hamilton was a brother of
" " Mr. ' Alexander Hamilton, secretary of
. ■ Raphael Weili v Co. ot this city. The
. sad event will startle many of the nnmer
' - ous friends in this city, for up to a few
•■" days before his death he was attending to
" business and was fairly vigorous. De
' • ceased was 55 years of age. and was ai
rways noted for his great business capaci
ties, his high character and genial bear
ing He wat an ardent Conservative and
Churchman, but was of a somewhat re
= tiring disposition and made no great fig
. ure in political life. In the Immediate cir
cle of his personal ----- no one was
• lao'e highly esteemed. The firm is known
- - as the Inch Line, which used to run to
- Bombay and other Eastern ports, but to
:■ day it takes a wider range.
EMBRYO STAGE ABTISTS.
■ .• : Pupils of the Leo Cooper School of
'; • Acting Give a Performance.
: The fourteenth public performance of
"■ .the Leo Cooper School of Acting drew a
'•'" large and appreciative audience to Sara
• tocra Hall la.=t evening. The programme,
: • while extensive, was none the less enter
taining, and was excellently rendered by
the embryo actors and actresses, who
showed plainly that they had been prac
tically drilled in physical culture, voice
bulMirg. pantomjtpe. stage technique and
•'"*" acting Their e£~rts bespoke careful in
struction and attention from Mr. Cooper
•'• • and faithful study on their own part. The
contributors to the programme last even
trC'a^ence Chase. Miss Ceclle Haas. Miss
"■ • Elsa Abrams, Miss May Roberson. Harry
' O-VeiH Miss May Sullivan, illss Mane
' Van Vo*t Miss Stella Raymond. Miss
• Ft-a O'Brien Miss Hnrtense KefKeoJ Miss
• • cainenne Harding. Miss M- Bartram, D.
Edward Hanlon.
•. . Stole Canary Birds.
' •-' • Joseph demons, a boy 15 years of age.
• ••'■ ' living at 5« Ash avenue, was arrested
- : ay on a charge of petty larceny.
R F. Howe, a shoe
-maker at SOS Ottavia street, of steaung
eteht canary birus from his shop - ■'fi he
" was off an "a "toot" last Tuesday.
Catarrh Can Be Cured-
■." Catarrh is * kindred ailment of consumption,
' lons considered incurable; and yet there Is on*
t-remrfy that will positively care catarrh In any
or Its stares. For Easy years this remedy was
, ' used fcr the late Dr. Steveca, a widely ■ acted
«Mthority , oa ... diseases of the ' throat and
' '. - t==ss. Ha vine tested it* wonderful carative
' -.powers tn thocsan of case**. and desiring to
' .relieve human suCertn*. I will tend ] free : of
-. - charge to all sufferers from catarrh, asthma.
consumption and nerrbas diseases this r>dp«.
• In Gerrsan. French cr English, with foil direc
tions in preparing and cstn*. Sent by mail by
" iddresaiay. with staatp. naming: this paper, W.
. A.. Inn 33C Powers block. Rochester.* X. T.
WILL BUILD A ROAD
FROM SURF TO LOMPOC
SOUTHZKX PACIFIC COMPA2T?
PLANS IMPROVEMENTS.
Will Clos« Part of Gap at El-wood.
Block Signal to Be Established
From Here to Baden.
Chief Engineer Hood of the Southern
Pacific Company is preparing plans and
specifications for the building of an ex
tension of its road from Surf to Lompoc.
This will close some of the iifty-miie cap
from Surf to Elwood. It will be about
ten miles in length. ar.d construction of
the line will be commenced as soon as the
right of way is obtained from the Lompoc
authorities, which it Is believed will be
soon forthcoming. Officials of the comp
any have promised to build the road in
time to move this season's croo. which
consists mainly of beets, barley 'mustard
and potatoes. The work will be complet
ed in three months, as the grading is
easy.
At the same time that the Surf-Lompoc
extens>rn is being built the company will
also extend the main line from Guada
loupe Station to the Guadaloupe Refinery,
a distance of five miles, and the growers
in that section will be materially bene
fited by both improvements.
General Manager Krutschnitt states
that three of the thirty-five "Mogul"
engines, which were ordered some months
ago. have arrived at Tucson.. Arizona, and
will be put on ths ran between that place
and Los Angeles. 'With the engines and
the *>» freight cars which the compaay
has ordered it will have enough rolling
stock to meet all Increasing demands for
some time to come.
The steel bridge, now being constructed
over Alameda Creek at Sunol. has been
completed. It is 3>30 feet long and is
notable from the fact that the largest
steel girders ever brought to the Pacific
Coast have entered into Its construction.
They are 100 feet long and i t eel deep.
TherYuma bridge is also nearly done, one
span of the three to be built having been
completed.
The company is ' about to introduce a
block signal on the Coast Division from
the Sixteenth-street shops to Baden. The
system will consist of semaphore arms,
which will signal from ICCO to 3») feet and
will be absolute block signals so that it
will be impossible for trains to get by
between signals and the danger of colli
sion will b* redcced to a minimum.
THE NINTH TO COME HERE
Begiment Will Not Go to the Philip
pines After All.
The Nfeth United States Infantry will
not go to the Philippines after aiL As
has formerly^ been -published In The Call.
the regiment -is to be sent to California
for the purpose of replacing: the First In
fantry, which undoubtedly for many years
to come will be located in the East. Gen
eral Shafter has been notified by the" War
Department that the headquarters of the
Ninth Infantry, with three companies,
will be at Ar-gel Island, and that two com
panies will be sent to Vancouver bar
racks. The remaining companies. will be
scattered among the different stations
on this coast* Two companies in all prob
abilijy will do garrison duty at the Pre
sidio. . ■ . .
General Shafte- will be entertained at
dinner on Tuesday evening by the George
H. Thomas Post. G. A. R. r and on
Wednesday he win be the guest- of the
Loyal Learion at a dinner to be given at
the Occidental Hotel.
The transport Roanoke sails for Mi
nila •■-day. Besides the casuals that are
to be sent down on this boat to join dif
ferent- regiments there will also go Lieu
tenant Colonel John D. Miley. The trans
port sails at 2 o'clock this afternoon, from
the Folsom street wharf.
SAILORS' YARNS.
Captain and Mates of the Erskine M.
Phelps Accused of Cruelty.
About a dozen sailors applied to Assist
ant United States Attorney Banning
yesterday for warrants for the arrest
Of Captain Robert J. Graham and Sec
-1 ond Mate Arthur Moye for cruelty to sea
men during the voyage of the ship Ers
ktee 3JL Pnelpa from Baltimore to this
port. They complained that their rations
were six ounces of bread, three ounces of
scraps of salthorse and soup three
times a- day, the latter made of three
i quarters of a Quart of beans an.i as much
water as the men wanted to drink.
They complained also that the second
mate beat then. frequently with his lists
and belaying pins, blackening their eyes,
cracking their skulls and warping their
! lean ribs.
The captain and the mates deny the al
legations, and say that of the twenty-six
men of the crew only two were able-bod
ied seamen, five ordinary seamen, and the
i remainder awkward landlubbers "not
I worth the powder to blow them to Ma
nila."
Mr. Banning will have a conference with
; the captain and • the mates to-morrow.
GIVING AWAY TKANSF^BS.
i Constitutionality of the Ordinance to i
Be Tested in the Superior Court. r
The constitutionality of. th« ordinance
\ prohibiting passengers on cable" and elec
-1 trie cars from giving away their traijs
: fers will be tested in the Superior Court,
Attorney Fred McGregor * argued de
i murrers yesterday in the cases of Charles ;
Hickey and John Clifford, charged with
giving away their transfers at Haight <
• and Stanyan streets on various grounds i
: before Judge Graham. The Judge over
■ ruled him and sentenced each of the de-
I fendants to pay a fine of $.". McGregor
■ promptly gave notice of appeal to the Su
i perior Court, as he intended to test the
constitutionality of the ordinance.
; A similar case was up before Judge Mo
gan recently, and he dismissed it. taking
the ground that • the transfer was the
. property of -the passenger and he could
do with it as he liked. With the person
who got the transfer and continued the
journey ft might be different, but that
point was not raised.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26. 1899.
BIGHTS OF ALL
CORPORATIONS
HELD AS EQUAL
Mutual Electric Light
Company Wins.
BESTS ITS COMPETITOR
MAY EBECT POLES TO LIGHT
THE CITY'S STBEETS.
Supervisors Compelled to Grant tLe
Plaint!" All Privileges Granted
the San Frai ciscc Gas and
Electric Company.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company may not enjoy privileges de
| nied other companies, or in other words,
all companies are entitled to the same
privileges enjoyed by that corporation. I
This was decided yesterday afternoon by
Judge Seaweil in the action instituted by
i the Mutual Electric Light Company
[ against }'...■ . r Phelan and members, of I
the Board at Supervisors for a peremp- ,
tory writ of mandate to compel the de
' fendants to permit plaintiff to erect poles
, within the same limits in which the San
Francisco Company, cp to the issuance
•of the writ, held a monopoly. This mo-:
nopoly is row at an end.
The suit decided yesterday by Judge :
Sea» resulted from the awarding by j
the last Board of Supervisors to the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company the j
contract for lighting the public streets, i
Suit was filed by W. R. Summerhaye3. J
representing the Mutual Electric Light !
Company, to annul the contract. The .
company enjoyed Immunity from compe- !
tition. he avered, by reason of the action
of the Supervisors prohibiting- other
companies from erecting poles within cer
tain specified limits.
Judge Sea well held on demurrer that no [
legal contract could be awarded the San 1
Francisco Company unless all com
panies were allowed the same privileges
and the right to bid, which was impossi
ble owing to the action of the Supervi- 1
sors. " '
The case again came up yesterday on an ■
issue of fact raised in the answer filed by
City and County Attorney Lane, it being i
contended in the answer that the plaintiff
corporation -did not have .'inandai back- [
Ing sufScient to admit it entering' the I
ranks of competitors. P. B. Cornwall. [
•president of the company, was called to |
the stand to refute this statement. Mr. !
Cornwall -id that the five directors of !
the company represented a capital of I
$100,000,000, an amount in itself sufficient
to guarantee the financial stability of the
company. He further stated that the j
company had expended up^ to the present i
time SIOO.OOO in perfecting its plant. Called I
upon to state the difference in expense In [
laying underground wires and overhead j
Mr. Cornwall gave as an example the fact i
that eleven men can string a m. of i
overhead wire in four days, while It would \
take the same force three weeks to lay \
a mile underground. Mr. Summerhayes j
was then called and testified that his j
company iks now in a position to com- j
pete throughout the entire district west f,
of Larkin street, and Intended to spend j
sufficient capital in enlarging the plant >
to enable it to compete over the entire ;
city. ' [
This ended the morning session. At 2 [
o'clock the case was again taken up. j
Attorney John H. Durst appeared before [
the court, and read an affidavit, signed by j
hlmstlf, in which he asked that a con- I
tinuance be granted that he. as special t
counsel for Supervisor Phelps, 'might ;
file an amended answer to the complaint, >
: .--- contended that the answer filed by [
the City and County Attorney was not ]
a defense to the action, and that :as a |
proper defense existed he asked the right {
far time in which to file the amended s
answer and produce .witnesses to support |
such answer. The .---'-:- allow !
Mr. Phelpa' counsel further time, as [
Mr. Phelps represented only a twelfth of :
the board, and his separate answer did t
not bind the rest of the board. Attorneys l
William Wood and M. M. EM repre- »
sentinsr the plaintiff, and City and Coun- {
ty Attorney Lane waived the right of ar- j
gumens and the court ordered a . per- j
) emptor;- writ of mandate to issue as
[ prayed"for._ ■"■■■■•■.•■■
AUDITOR WELLS ON
STREET FUND FINANCES
PREPARES A STATEMENT FOB
SUPERINTENDENT FRAGLEY.
Supervisors Will Meet June Bills by
Transfer of 535.000 From the
Light Fund.
The finances if the Street Department |
j present a troublous problem to the offi- i
cials of the department and to the men
dependent upon it for employment. The
Street Committee of the Supervisors have [
endeavored to assist Superintendent Frag- [
I ley, and to that end changed $35 r QOO from
one fund to make it available for the
street work.
: This transfer, ft seems, cannot be made
legally until the end of the fiscal year. ,
! Auditor Asa R. "Wells submitted the fol
lowing statement yesterday as to the con
! dition of the Street Department funds:
The allowance in the street fund to the
c!o*e of February la J2T: " 13, and the
j imooct of demands audited to date is $228,
--[ CIS So. leaving a t>a!azc« available of S3S.- :
t 5*3 2+ with which .la pay December an!
January demands.' now In the hands of •
the Supervisors, amounting to J34.570.
The estimaied amount of February bills
is $37,23. The monthly allowance. in this
fund exclusive of special contracts, is '
134 .159 52, which it is believed will be suf
! ficient for the balance of the fiscal year, |
i except the month of June. The Super- !
visors propose to meet the bills for June
! by transfer of $33,000 from the street light j
j fund. —
SENT ACBOSS THE BAY.
A Number of Convicts Sentenced to
State Prison. .
A number of convicts were sentenced to
: State Prison by Judges Cook, Dunne and
; Law: - yesterday. Judge Cook first dis
j posed.of his calendar and then called upon !
: John Domondln, convicted -of mayhem for
■ having slit the ear of one Jean Buaia,
! to stand up \ for sentence. John obeyed,
i and after hearing that he must spend the j
i next two years of his life In San Quentin, :
was led from the court room.
George Regan was the first to receive
1 sentence before Judge Lawlor. Regan '
played the footpad act on Robert Voight. !
relieving him of a few dollars, and got
in jail on a charge of robbery. He was :
convicted and yesterday Judge Lawior
' sent him to Folsom for a term of twenty
years. Nicholas Strauss, convicted of
burglary, was given two years fa Fol- I
Eom. W. Sullivan, who pleaded guilty to
I a charge of assault with i deadly weapon,
! was sentenced to one year in the County
i jail John Martin, found guilty of bur
! 2lary, as sent to Folsom for two and a i
■ half years. * . *- !
Judge Dunne had two prisoners to dis-
I pose of. John Curran. convicted of bur
'■ glary, was given five years in San Quen
tin and George Keenan. who pleaded
guilty to a charge of burglary in the sec
ond degree, was sent to San Qucntin for
i the period of one year.
Bissell Makes an Appointment.
A rumor was current on the street in :
icinity of the railroad offices yes- I
terday that Traffic Manager William A.
| Bisselt of the Santa Fe ami had ap
pointai William R. Aiber»er him chief '
It «v impossible to verify the
rt, however, as Mr. Bissell had gone
- country on a hunting expedition. ;
rt n. second vice president of the I
Santa Fe, when seen last night was un- i
able to give any definite information in {
regard to the matter, though he said i
that Mr. Bisseli bad Mr. Albexger under |
consideration, and It was quite likely
that he had been selected.,
Mr. Alberger was formerly under Mr.
Blssell when the latter was here some
years ago. and later he was connected :
with the Santa Fe fruit and refrigerator
line, with headquarters at Los Angeles, j
He is a competent man. and bis reported
-.-.men: meets with general satisfac
tion. ■ - _ ' ' ■ ■
• • •
IX THE RICHMOND DISTEICT.
Property o-wners Are Making Many
Neeued Improvements.
Richmond district has b*=ri receiving
considerable attention of late at the hands
of Its progressive property -owners. The •
sewer, that had been permitted to remain
closed on Sixth avenue- and B street in
rear of the French Hospital has after a
gcod deal of stubborn opposition been
connected with the main sewer on Point
| Lottos venue. This sewer connection not |
i only drains the hospital, but also the ad- i
Joining property. The grading and curb
ing on several of the prominent street
crossings on the line of Point Lobos. ave
nue and the Intervening- cross streets has
Just been completed, and the contract for
the grading of Nineteenth avenue from
Point Lobos to M street will be soon let.
No improvements are contemplated on
Thirteenth and Fourteenth avenues, as
! those two avenues will be embraced in
the north arm of Golden Gate Park, which
It 1s proposed to connect with the Govern
\ ment reservation under the contemplated
extension at the panhandle to Van Ness
avenue. -':'- •-?-
One of the blue eyesores to Kichmond-
Ites Is Point Lobos avenue from Central
i avenue to the ocean. This thoroughfare
I has been permitted to go from bad to j
worse until it resembles a neglected coun- j
try road more than a city boulevard. The j
fault of this neglect is not chargeable to >
any one department of the city govern- !
ment, but rather to a combination of
events In the shuffle between the Super- ;
visors and the Park Commissioners, under j
whose jurisdiction the avenue now Is. To ;
keep this thoroughfare in proper condi- j
tion would eat up the greater portion of [
the park's appropriation and result in no |
' very great advantage to the people out
side of the residents of the Richmond
i district. By the conditions of the new
i charter, however, all this will be changed
J and Point Lobos avenue will get its share
:of funds and attention. The owners of
' the old racetrack are disposed to have
i the • Pacific Coast exposition of 1901 lo
cated there. This will be opposed by the
Point LObos Improvement Club, which
: body has declared for the exposition to be
held within the confines of .-.-:. Gate
Park.
THE MACCABEES WILL
MEET IN THIS CITY
STATE CONVENTION TO BE HELD ;
MARCH 17.
Ladies' Assembly Will Hold Sessions
Simultaneously Gcod Sprink
ling of Tents and Hives.
The State convention of the Knights of
the Maccabees of California a:. the as
sembly of the Ladies of the Maccabees
■will be held in this city, commencing on
the 17th of March. -This order, which was
founded in 13S1, has more than 5500 tents
. and hives, tents being the name given to
the ".-•ting places for the knights and
hives to the meeting- places for the ladies.
The membership at the close of last De
cember was 322JK. The amount disbursed
in benefits during- the time of the exig
ence of the order is »,552.453, and the
amount disbursed during- t!je Band year
ending- July, IS9B, was 12,03:1,133.
The ladies* branch of the order, while
working- on the same lines as the knights
as to benefits, is a. woman's organization,
pure and simple, and numbers at this time
about 90,000 in the United States. The
claim is made for it that It is the only
order in the Union that Is composed ex
clusively of women, and whose affairs are
conducted exclusively by women. Mrs.
Lillian M. Hollister of Detroit, Mich., is
the supreme lady comma:
The reports which will be presented at
the convention of the Knights will show
that during the year ISS»s the Increase in
membership in the supreme jurisdiction
was in excess of 40,0<». and while there
were Tosses from various causes, still the
net Increase was almost 24,000.
The .growth of the Ladies, as will ap
pear during the session of the assembly,
is marvelous. A. large number of hives
have been established, and in almost ev
ery place the membership has equaled the
numerical strength of the tent in the
same place and in some instances It has
: surpassed it- S. W. Hail is the State
Commander of the Knights in California,
I and Mrs. Eudocia S. Moffat is the State
: lady commander.
Dor the sessions of the two bodies
there will be distributed a "Golden State
Maccabee souvenir." in the shape of a
book of some thirty pages of the finest
paper. In which will be printed a brief his
tory of the order, national and State, and
photographs of the supreme officers, the
State and tent officers, delegates to the
'. convention and officers of the hive and its
G During the time that the two bodies will
be In session It is probable that there will
be a reception in one of the public hall 3.
during which the floor work by Knights
in elaborate and expensive costumes will
be given, and that a display of the very
fine floor work that marks the installation
ceremonies of the ladies will also be
j given. _
STOLE A HORSE AND BUGGY.
Lawrence Lee Murphy's Offer to Sell
Too Cheap Led to His Arrest.
Lawrence Lee Murphy jumped into a
bug-gy t hat was standing at the corner of
Post" and Stockton streets Friday and
drove out to the Mission. He sold - the
butrgy and harness, worth over COO. to
Dick Hennin?. a grocer at Twenty-first
and Folsom streets, for 513. He then took
ihe horse to J. B. Schroyier's stables. 133
Howard street, and offered to sell It for
530 Then he came down to 519. remarking
that he had come from Vailejo and was
hard up for money.
Sen rover's suspicions were aroused.
and Policeman Feeney happening to pass
at the time, he ceiled him In and Feeney
placed Murphy under arrest. Murphy
was taken to police headquarters and De
tectives Dinan and Reynolds interrogated
him. He at first stuck to the Vallejo
story, but finally admitted that he had
stolen the ri? from Stockton and Post
-- - -■■. Yesterday the detectives found
that the owner of the rig was James Wl
nans. The horse. bnjrgy and harness
were recovered. - and Murphy was booked
yesterday at the City Prison on a charge
of grand larceny. -
SEBGEAIfT McMANTJS' EEPOKT.
Clever Shewing Made by the Betir
ing Chinatown Squad.
The report of Sergeant McManus. who j
was recently relieved from duty in the
Chinese quarter, is in the hands of the
Chief of Police. It shows that since April
30, UK, when McManus took, charge of j
the Chinatown squad, there were 13iJl ar
rested for aiding and abetting the Chinese
i lottery. ■*? were arrested for conducting
1 fantan games. 433 for visiting fantan ,
games, and 147 for various felonies. The
total number of arrests were SMI. The
: amount paid into the city treasury as
fines was J15.339.- McManus' squad con
sisted of Policemen Tracey. Burke. Nay
lor. Meredith and Galiaway. After. being.
' relieved, the men were personally compli
mented for their clever work by the heads :
: of the department.
The Decker & Son Piano has the i
sweetest tone in the world. Mauvais,
769 Market street. •
BUNKOED A STBANGEB.
H. B. Gnieningeii of Tulare County
Introduced to a Game of Stud
■ Horsa Poker. .
John Russell and Peter Tracer . two
bunko men. were booked at the City
Prison yesterday afternoon by Detective i
T. B. Gibson and Policemen McScriey and i
Gould on a charge of grand larceny.
They met H. B. Grueningen of Tulare :
County Friday morning:, and after chat- !
> ting with him promised to get him a po- :
sition in a mine up country. They led him :
I to a room somewhere on Keamy street. >
where he was introduced to - a game of i
stud-horse poker. He soon lost $13 In cash
and a check for *J0- The bank at Vlsalia.
on which the check wu drawn, was wired ]
not to pay It. ; ."■•" ■•■
. .. , . ■ ♦ ■ :.■ ■ .
A 2 ranees made pa furniture and piaaoa, with
or without removal J. Nocaan. 1317-103 Mlw:ca. |
NATIONAL GUARD
IS GROPING IN
CONFUSION
General Dickinson Is
Loth to Quit.
SAYS HE IS STILL COMMANDER
NEW OFFICERS ELECTED BY THE
NAVAL MH.ITIA.
The Signal Corps of the Second Brig
ade Proves the Complete Suc
cess of the Army Field
Telegraph Cart-
There is confusion in the National
Guard of California, and the members
are asking each other, "where are we
at?" Seme portion of the guard is tinder
the Impression that the withdrawal of the
name of John H. Dickinson for the posi
tion of major general has acted as an
abolishment of the office without the is
suance of orders from a superior officer
announcing that fact, but the major gen
eral is of the opinion that such is not the
case and that he is still the major gen
eral until there is an announcement In
■orders or his successor is appointed, is
confirmed by the Senate and qualifies,
and taking that view he still holds on.
The division headquarters, which for a
(--: closed, are again open,
rs or his successor is appointed, is
KaMd by the Senate and in*
I view he Btffl holds on.
■ headquarters, ■which for a
: time were doted, are again open.
and those who believe with General
Dickinson transact such business as they
may have with that office.
Within the past few days there have
been indications which are from a politi
cal standpoint very Scant. They are
to the effect that Major General Dickin
son will be renominated by the Governor
and that he will be continued as com
mander of the State's military.
' It is expected that the bill for the re
organization of the guard will be taken
up next week and that with a few slight
amendments it will pass. The bill has
been favorably passed upon by the joint
Military Committee of the two houses,
and while a few changes were made,
they were not material, except in the
matter of the staff of the commander in
chief. In the bill as presented the staff
was cut down to a very small number,
but before It left the hands of the com
mittee it was altered m that the Govern
or's ornamental retinue shall remain as
ft is now. jYv
In the bill for general appropriations in
troduced In the Legislature the sum for
the National Guard, which includes six
teen items, aggregates $341^10, or *1"'J.920
a year for the next two years. One of
the items Is the allowance of JSG.COO for
encampments, which means $15,000 per
year and as in the past that amount has
not been sufficient for a yearly encamp
ment it is pr-sumed that it is the inten
aon to use the entire sum for one en
campment next year and not have one
tht? year. In the various items there Is no
appropriation for the revision of the red
took? something which the guard stands,
very much in need of and has needed for
a number of years. „»,«,»#
Lieutenant commander and chief
engineer of the naval militia. George
-..ngstaad. presided at an elec
tion last Moncay night on board
of the Marlon, when the. following
named officers were ftee^-^^jg^g
Barney, lieutenant for the Marlon Fran*
Van Meek, lieutenant junior grade forthe
Pinta: William, ensign for the Marion,
and Albert Poole, for the Pinta. To-day
Knsign J. K. Burke will be in charge of
the Marion and supervise the boat anils.
It will-be his rirst effort m that line since
he was promoted to his present position.
Arrangements are being made to - secure
an electric light plant for the Manon. If
the naval militia is allowed a part of the
appropriation for encampments this year
there will be a cruise In July by the Ma
rion and one by the Pinta.
Major M. E. Owens, signal officer on the
•staff of Brigadier General Last, has been
in this city for several days, and he has
been the guest of Thomas A. Xerney, lieu
tenant commander and executive officer
of the Marion. To-morrow he will be
taken by his host to Mare Island and
shown the Government works there.
Leave of absence for six months from
the State has been granted to Lieutenant
Colonel ■.. B. C. Dohrman.
; On Washington's birthday anniversary
thirty-two of the members of the signal
corps of the Second : Brigade, Captain
Charles L. Hewes, commanding, turned
out mounted for a practice march, Chey
were equipped for field work and armed
for attack as well as for defense. In ad
dition, the new field telegraph cart was
; taken out in order to give it a field trial
and see how it would work in 'actual serv
; ice. The cart was for the first time
: drawn by a horse, and so lightly did it
move over the roads that. the horse must
have concluded that he had struck a soft
job. . .
The corps went to a point on the Dewey
Boulevard a little west of the Almshouse,
where Captain Hewes established . head
quarters. He then assigned a- squad .of
six men, under Sergeant Henton. to take i
charge of and operate the telegraph cart, j
and sent a platoon of men under Ser
geant Garfield to attack and dislodge a
men. under Serjeant Hertor.. to take
■ge of and operate the telegraph cart,
sent a pi--- ■ S»»r
lt Garfield to atta.rk a.r.d dislodge a
suppose*! enemy on a hill a mile and a.
quarter distant, while another . but
smaller platoon, under command Qf Cor
poral Seymour, was sent to execute:. a
Bank movement and attack the rear of
the supposed enemy. The orders were
when the men left headquarters mounted i
to reach the point of attack in what
ever manner their respective commanders
decided upon, either mounted or dis
mounted. The cart squad, at a safe
distance, followed: the main attacking
party, unreeling the wire, after having
raised jointed poles so as to- cross the
boulevard and not Interfere with travel,
and in a short time the main body and
th« cart were out of; sight of those, at
headquarters by reason of the deSectiona
ii the ground, but every movement of
the attacking party- was telegraphed to
headquarters, and orders sent from there.
It was found that the line worked to the
utmost satisfaction, and its usefulness in
actual service was. more fully demon
strated than at any previous trial. The
movements of the two bodies were exe
cuted to the perfect satisfaction qf head
ouarters. and the men fully demon- ;
uo at any prey. - - The
ements of the :» - exe
d to the perfect satisfaction of he-ad- '
-ters and the OKI were praised for
the manner in which they so successfully
worked the telegraph line. As soon as
the special wire being made for this ser
vice reaches this city arrangements will
be made for another trial of the cart and
AD V ESTTSEItENTa.
Electric Belts for 5 Gents.
" ""*V- - We sianafactßre electric belts, and. as a mat-
/F ter of fact.' coo Ed furnish- them far five cent»
• fgr'^-i apiece. If we cbxise to do" so and thus throw
/-> SV away mcney; bat of course we don't do it. We
\\ - ■Qa ' DO however, sell eiectric belts as low as
li _ v#j SZiJH) each, and similar In quality to thoa*
soW by certalr. drae^i^t? ar<i <?!ecuic belt
eWe manufacture electrtr belts, We as a make
ter of fact. c.3ctd fornish them for five cent*
apiece, if we cbose la Go so aad thus throw
away mceey; bat of cuurse we don't do it. We
PO " however, sell e»ectric belts as Eow as
*:?..%«> each, aai BtaattHc : .-- laalttD to tboa«
rtair. druggists and ?ie<:tric belt
quacfef at ißOdt hutber prices. We ad^c make
.5 V^JS the BEST Electric Belt on earth which we sell
■ - • --\ «1 at REASONABLE PRICES, and if this is the
j/«*Srt»fii kind of a belt you want please make a note
&J^^^ °- °° r aiv-ice—
\ S^7vs*i jr^V BUT NO BELT TILL YOU SEE "DR.
lX ( X- w|Sv\ FIERCE'S."
* ■ •, ■ w-y v,, -. >^rd3pEfc.T Call at i the efiee^cr send :- in stamps for
V A^QI^B^B^BS "PIERCE' ELECTRIC CO.,
, \J^m/ PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
\. ' €»' MARKET. STREET -Opp. Palace Hotel).
* ft ,■■*"■: r tar. Fntncisco. ■
DX. KLL3CEB S BZMZDIES. ____ ______
doTyoo get up
with a lame back?
vvi vu — l
Kidney Trouble Makes Yon Miserable. >
SWAMP-ROOT Is the Great Remedy for Kidney,
Bladder and Uric Acid Troubles— To Prove for
Yourself Its Wonderful Merits, You May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent FREE by Mail.
You are in no danger of being sick if
you keep your kidneys well.
They filter your blood and keep it
pure and free from disease-breeding :
germs.
Your other organs may need care, but I
your kidneys most, because they do ;
most.
If you are sick, begin with your kid- j
neys, because as soon as they are well
they will help all the other organs to
health.
The treatment of some diseases may
be delayed without danger, not so with
kidney disease.
Swamp- Rcot is the great medical
triumph of the nineteenth century; dis-
covered after years of untiring effort
and research by the eminent kidney
and bladder specialist. Dr. Kilmer, and
has truly wonderful healing action on
the kidneys and bladder.
It will be found by both men and
women just what is needed in all cases
of kidney and bladder disorders. lame
back, dull pain or ache in the back. ;
gravel, catarrh of the bladder, rheuma-
tism, sciatica, neuralgia, uric acid
troubles and Bright' disease, which is
the worst form of neglected kidney]
trouble.
If your water when allowed to remain ;
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for |
twenty-four hours forces a sediment or
line and on that occasion the Hue will
be nearly three miles in 'length-
With a view to increase the emcienc} 01
the Signal Corps, it has been divided into
five sqcads, f-ach under the command of
a corporal, who, in addition to his dunes
as «goad leader, will instruct those under
him in the particular duty assigned to
him. but these Instructions are not to
conflict -with the regular course of work
that ha* been laid out for the three
cla«e= One corporal will instruct in the
drawing: and reading of military maps
another will devote himself to mil^ar*
field ensineerins. a third will attend to the
clpherine and deciphering of all mflitary
m esaa«l a fourth will attend to elec
tricity in all the branches that pertain to
tel*>gfaph. telephone and submarine ca ;
blesT while the fifth will have charge o.
gathering and reporting of information of
a niaitary nature. These various branches
trill, when- thoroughly understood and
mastered by the men. so that they wi i
be experts in the particular one they shall
sredyrmake them.- what has been said of
the signal men at Manila, "worth their
wVieht in cold to the service " for the
time Us coming when in actual warfare
the signal service will prove the most
valuable adjunct to an army, for ft will
be the reliable means of communication
between the front and headquarters dur
ing a battle. ■ • ,
Y. M. C. A. MEN 'VICTORIOUS.
Defeat the Reliance Indoor Baseball
Team After a Close Struggle.
The Y. M. C. A. indoor baseball team
defeated the Reliance nine in the gym
nasium of the latter club on Friday
nlpht by a score of 3) to 17.
The sryinriasium was well filled with in
terested spectators: It was the third
came of the tournament, and Reliance
was in the lead, they having ; won one
game and lost none, -while the i. -I. •— A
had lost one and won none. Barbo : - the
v it C. A. pitcher, had not recovered
from his recent illness sufficiently to last
the CO nine innings, and from the_ fifth
innlnit played short, while Goodrich
p"rcheVi. All the team? in the tournament
have now won one game and lose one.
so that they will practically start even
a^aln. -/ -;■ ,' V.:-. -^ . .
Peter imcG. Case.
Demurrers to the Indictments against
Peter McGlade. the defaulting Street De
partment clerk, were argued and snbmit
ted before Judge Cook yesterday The
case was then taken under advisement
until, next Saturday. ,
, settling or has a cloudy appearance It
is evidence that your kidneys and blad-
■ der need immediate attention.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root corrects
; inability to hold water and promptly
| overcomes that unpleasant, necessity of
■' being compelled to go often during the
; day and to get up many times during
the night.
This prompt, mild and wonderful
remedy is easy to get at the drug stores,
in fifty-cent c-r one-dollar bottles. Make
a note of the name. SWAMP-ROOT,
i Dr. -Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and remem-
! ber it is prepared only by Dr. Kilmer i
j Co.. Binghamton, N. Y.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work. in private
practice, among the helpless too poor
S to purchase relief, and has proved so
i successful that ' a special arrangement
S has been made by which all readers of
f The Call who have not already tried it
t may have a sample bottle sent abso-
[ lutely free by mail. Also a book telling
| more about Swamp-Root " and contain-
t ing some of the thousands upon th'-u-
--' sands of testimonial letters received
from men and women who owe their
I good health, in fact, their very live 3.
f to the wonderful curative properties of
[ Swamp-Root. Be sure and mention, the
[ San Francisco Sunday Call when send-
I ing your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
| Finghamton. X. Y.
: j NEW KODAKS, BULL'S EYE,
i PBEMO AND POCO
I CAMERAS
;Fromss.oo Up.
FUms. Plates. Papers. Material and the best
' developin? and printing.
. CATALOGUES AND INSTRU'mON FUSE.
! OPTICIANSA>< =^ \
I 642 Market st. s t»u»«nts
; u«3£3 CsSOxCE 3U*J3i»&. C*TAL£j!KJ£ TBZO
\ PEGAMOID"
I TRADE MARS.
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVER.
A EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
For tee Past 7 Tears
FOR ALL USES AND USERS
OX WOOD. GLASS. METAL. STONE. BRICK
1 and FABRIC SURFACES: n:s."«^3 a perfect
axsalgamaticn: covers I to 1 over any rtaer
. paint, stands SCC DEGREES OF HEAT wttli-
""bE^^T^UL. ARTISTIC. EURABL3.
. WASHABLE. Prevents BARXACLES and
i FOULING :r SALT WATER. CORROSIOX
; and RUST irons exposure. Send Sc for SAM -
; PLE bottle and pamphlet. "WHAT, 13 PEGA-
sion>r '_.. . ■mnui ; AG exctes co^
' n and ii Chronicle Building, 3. T.
Use f^b se
: Woodbary's »«-^ Woodbinds
Facial Soap, Facial Cream
All » blood disorders. skUn and scalp diseases.
I and oervous a.Tsetio-ns, no matter from . what
cause or of how lons standing. . are snecesx*
'• falljr .treated- without tn* os« of mercury or
other poisonous dross br JOHN H. WOOD-
BURY. 34 W. 3d St.. New York, and IS3 Stats
, St.. Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beautr Book,
, and receive sample each of Facial Sea« or
Facial Cream, free. "
go ooooooboooo eoooQ
V"* PALACE "-""S
IGRANnH QTBL3 %
o baji MAnciaco. Q
"^ Ceasecud ty a cuvtr«4 tumnw. Jf
0 UOO Rooms— 9OO With Bath Att*ohed- *
D AH Us 2 • Oem s£a=nera «.- 0
0 SOTS TXI ?JUCSS: Q
— Ewepcas PUs fl .CO per day *r4 o»ro< /m
V Amerlcsui F1an. 33.00 [«r day and uywmrd *■
0 CcrrespccJtace 8ol:cit«d. Q
£j JCS3 C. mr?A?2IC2. 3*a»^«. q
ofloocac oooaooooo clo
i^^DJL BALL'S fiELmSORATO!
' ■Ji^ffeß *•»•« u-noreti rexrini for aajr (as*
3^H 818 «c cannot cure. This secret rexsady
' • - ■ steps all leases la 11 boon. csrm
IKB ■■ Kr3i**ioos, Lmpcteocr. Viricoceia,
PI »8P» Ccncrrhaea. Gleet, Fits. Strtetsm^
1 !ilj I ('II Leas Mannood (Mi all wastls* •£-
-lf£S BBBk fectsc; s*if-atoiM or excess ra, S«at
BSsK^^S le aJed.s; bottle; I bcit.es. ti. Koar-
anteed to cere Address HALL'S MEDICAL IX-
STmrrS. VS Broadway. Oakland. C»L Ala*
fo* sal* at lO>t Market •^S.^F.^Aanrt-
1' ' '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KBAKNT AND WASKIXOTOX ST3.—
Modeled and renovated. KIXG. WARD ft
I CO European plan. Rooms. Me UttU day;
i 15 to « week: «ta montn. Free batna; ao«
i and ccZd water every room: fir* grates ta mt|
room; tievaxor rua* aU atgat..
;"■■. V _. ... .;■ -'-.■',-■■ '" - " ■"
78
GENEROUS SUMS
TO BE SPENT
IN CALIFORNIA
Big Appropriations by
Congress.
PRESIDENT WILL VISIT US
WOBK ON NEW POSTOFFICE TO
BEGIN SOON.
Congressman Julius Kahn Beturns
From Washington With a Batch
of Good News and Stories
of Eastern Weather.
.Congressman Julius Kahn. who went to !
Washington on January 15 to assume his. l
duties .-is representative of the Fourth
District, returned to San Francisco a day
•or two ago. Congressman Kahn found j
the Eastern weather very severe, and the j
sudden change of temperature brought on j
an acute attack of rheumatism, which j
'disabled him. He expects to soon be ,
about, however, and restored to his usual
health and vigor. Speaking of his recep- j
. tion by his fellow-Congressmen and the. i
conditions now existing in Washington,
■ Mr. Kahn said:
?• "1 was most cordially received by the
-.older members of Congress, both Demo- ;
rats. and Republicans, and 1 expect to :
/•return there next fall and be able to ac- |
complish much for the interest and wel
fare of California. Our State has at the,
'■"present time a solid delegation at the \
aiational capital, and with a continuance j
. : -o.f the unanimity of feeling which now
■exlMs we will be able to secure for Call- |
: £brnia that recognition she deserves.
. :' "By the legislation enacted during the j
; ''Session now about to close California has
glared well. The river and harbor bill car
'■rli.s an appropriation of $1,250,000 for im
provements In this State, and the ex
penditure of this considerable sum will
• 'surely benefit a great many working-men
'.and .tradespeople. Included in this bill is '
.;.a provision for the blowing up of Shag
■ : &nd Arch rocks at the entrance to Golden ■
iGate harbor, which have always been a j
.'.Thenace to incoming and outgoing ships; ,
'■improvements of the San. Joaquin and j
unento rivers; the dredging of
.■sloughs and such other work as the en
gineers deem necessary a long the coast
is provided for. This is the largest sum
appropriated for river and harbor im- i
provements for California for many j
• years.
. -:." "Before leaving Washington 1 received
most positive assurances from high offi
cials that the construction of the new
•Pestofiice building would soon begin and
.be prosecuted with energy from now on.
lilefore- the end of the year the rim story
■ M the building will be up. The appropri- j
ation for the building is $500,000, and the
••■supervising architect of the treasury says
•rthat, while no radical changes could oe
itiade in the plans which have been here- |
tofore approved, the wishes of the people
.\;t>f' San Jj'rancisco would be regarded as
' tar "as possible, and such changes made
'as are compatible with the architectural
•/beauty of the structure. The architect
•'..pledges his professional reputation that
■.the Federal building now being erected in
■San Francisco will De one of the most im
posing structures in America. As pro
vided in the original specifications noth
ing but California material is to be used
in .the new Postofflce. Granite and mar
• ble will both be used. Some revision has
been made in the specification which were
-iabbut completed when 1 left the capital
.and proposals for bids will probably be
'advertised within a week. Tnen as soon
•"as Congress adjourns and the half mil
.'lion appropriation is available the con
, struction or the building will be proceeded
• With and continue without cessation until
finished.
'•President McKlnley has repeatedly an
• iriouhced his intention to visit the Pacific
Coast some time during the coming Con
; gressional vacation. H.is plans are all
made for the visit and unless the condi
. tion. of affairs in the Philippines becomes
100 greatly involved or some unforeseen
; emergency should arise the arrangements
'/sViH not be changed.
"The feeling among Congressmen for
California and California's interests is
• extremely cordial and 1 am satisfied that
-any. reasonable demand for legislation to
•protect and enhance our interests and
Increase our prosperity will be readily re
ceived and willingly granted. Our State
is just beginning to be appreciated in the
. .East and at the capital and our business
: men and representatives should all unite
in furthering the welfare of our grand
commonwealth. Everything directly or
indirectly connected with the State is
watched closely and as we will receive
more direct benefits from the acquisition
of the Philippines than any other section
of the. country, the administration has
California wefare in mind in pursuing
its present expansion policy. Sentiment
in the East is universally and overwhelm
ingly in favor of expansion. I talked with
.business men in New York and while
■traveling, and found very few opponents
. of. expansion.
.' "The California delegation will make a
.. determined effort to secure the passage
'• fit the Nicaragua Canal bill before this
.; session of Congress is adjourned, and the
prospects for success are very bright. The
measure, however, will have to be in
■ eluded in one of the general appropriation
.bills, as It is impossible, under the rules
■of the lower house, to secure special time
for the separate consideration 'of the
project. The Senate is overwhelmingly in
favor of the canal, and from what I could
learn of the sentiment in the House I am
.inclined to believe that the b.ll could be
• parsed by a good majority if an oppor
tunity to vote on it is given the members.
■ "Members of the two houses of Congress
and the leading men of the administra
• tion do not think that an extra session
will be called. The only emergency which
would have impelled tHe President to call
an extra session has been overcome. That
was the failure on the part of Congress
to pass a measure for the maintenance of
an army of sufficient strength to meet ail
possible contingencies. The probable suc
cess of the compromise army bill has
brought about the result sought by the
administration, and therefore no extra
session is necessary. The President was
averse to an extra session, and with all
■ difficulties now adjusted the administra
tion can proceed with its plans without
apprehension or delay and then let the
people approve or reject his policy at the
next Presidential election. .
The army reorganization bill is an ab
solute necessity. The term of enlistment
of nearly all the volunteers was for two
years, or until the war was over. The
. soldiers were assured that discharges
would be granted on personal applications
.. When peace was finally declared. Requests
for discharges are- now coming into the
War Department by the thousands, and
this condition forced the President to in
" . sist on the enactment of a remedy."
Congressman Kahn has had all the win
ter weather he cares- for. There is no
craving in his heart for the exquisite joys
Of zero temperature and the dallying bliz
zard zephyrs which have prevailed In the
East this season. When the mercury was
frozen and the cold winds were whistling
'through the corridors of the Capitol, the
Congressman says he haunted the mem
: bers' lobby, where the wall is covered
with an immense weather map of the
United States. Morning and night a clerk
from the Weather Bureau posts a weath
or' report where all the members may
read. Representatives from the North
South. K.tst and W. st would gather and
shrver when they saw the reports from
their sections.
"Phew, but it's cold in my district,"
these men would remark. Then the Cali
forninn would step proudly forward and
with commiserating emphasis remark;
"Oh. I see the temperature In San Fran
cisco is 65 to-day. That's not so bad."
Advance? made on furniture *.n<s pianos, with
or without removal. J. N'onnan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Chinese Murderer in Prison.
Detective hdwara uioson arnvea yes
terday morning from Siakiyou County
■with Wong Duey. charged with the mur
der nt Wimp Kirn O'hoe. In the Washing
ti n-street Tn< at< r. Aufjust 7 last. He was
booked at the City Prison. j
DAUGHTERS OF WORKMEN
CHRISTEN THREE NEW BOATS
Novel Feature of the Launching of the Fearless,
Union and Wallula.
Between the hours of 11 and 12 yester- I
day three new tugboats, with sparkling ;
California champagne dripping from their j
prows, slid gracefully from the ways at
the Union Iron Works into their natural |
element. They were the tugs Fearless,
built for John D. Spreckels Bros. & Co..
Union, belonging to the Union Iron
Works, and Wallula, built for the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company.
While there was little ceremony attach
ed to the launching of the boats, it was
a novelty in its way. Heretofore when
i a new daughter has been given to Nep- j
I tune it has been customary for a daugh
j ter of one of the directors of the works,
the owner of the vessel or some official
dignitary to break the bottle and formal
ly christen the new craft. Yesterday,
however, the old order was changed, and
the honors fell upon the brawn and mus
cle of the great shipbuilding yards. Three
daughters of three foremen were the chief
figures at the ceremony, as it was thought
but fitting that as the men do the actual
work on the craft, their children should
be entitled to the honor of giving the ves
sels their names. And yesterday was a
happy day for the officers of the works,
as well as for the workmen and the work
i men's children. ;
It was an Ideal day for a launching.
There was not a cloud in the sky and the
gentle breeze which came up from the
bay was mild and balmy. The sun glit
tered and sparkled on the myriad of rip
pling waves, to greet the new craft. Even
! the pestiferous fog took a day off and the
I atmosphere was so clear that the hills
across the bay stood out in bold relief
against the distant sky line. Spectators
crowded along the shore, climbed upon
the new Wisconsin or found points of
vantage from the numerous small boats
1 which dotted the bay, from which to
i view the sight. On the ways in the yard
I stood the three boats, looking ungainly
I on their high perches of heavy timber.
The new Fearless was the first to re
' ceive attention. A few minutes before 11
■ o'clock a gang of workmen began knock
ing away the stays. A platform had been
' erected at her bow and on this stood Miss
May Telfer. her father, looking proud
i and happy, and a few friends. Just on
1 the stroke of the hour the last braoe was
knocked away. Miss Telfer grasped the i
bottle of wine, which was suspended from j
the bow by a blue silk ribbon, and dashed
i it against the side of the boat, at the
same time naming it "Fearless." As the
B'-mO *<►•■* ■O*-CO ; O : 0 i O -C> '<"■<>' O''>M
AMONG THE OARSMEN.
A California Crew May Bow at the j
Paris Exposition.
At the dinner given last Sunday at a
downtown restaurant to the board of
managers of the Pacific Association of
the Amateur Athletic Union by President
J. R. Bockman representatives of almost
all the clubs in the association were pres
ent. The guests included John I. Nolan of
the Ariels, S. J. Pembroke of the Ala
medas, A. P. Rothkopf of the Dolphins, j
H. Hauser of the Grammar School Ath- I
letic League, W. C. Espy of the Pioneers,
M. Breen of the South Ends, H. A. Keeler
of the Academic Athletic League, P. D. f
Franklin of the University of California, j
— lieumiller of me Stockton Athletic !
Club, George James and J. W. Morton of ;
the Olympic Club. j
S J. Pembroke broached his plan of
getting together an elght-oared crew from
the University of California to row at the !
Paris Exposition. One of the regents of :
i the university recently said, when the
matter was placed before him, that he
did not think that an eight from Callfor- ,
1 nia could expect to beat all foreign crews, j
: when a splendidly trained and coached j
' crew from Yale had failed to win the
grand challenge cup at the Henley re
gatta Nevertheless, the project of send
ing a Californian eight to Paris is one j
that deserves the support of the commu- i
i nity The Australians long ago discover-
I ed "that the cricket elevens ?»nt to I-^ng
land from the Antipodes served to make !
the colonies known In the old country as
nothing else did. In the same way a crew ;
of stalwart California boys would attract
the attention of Europe to this coast.
The Alameda Boat Club committee on
joining the National Association of Ama
teur Oarsmen consists of H. w. Maas,
S. J. Pembroke and \Y. B. Hinchman. j
There is much talk among the Alameda
men of leaving the Pacific Association, |
and the club has already for two seasons !
been a member of the National Associa- J
Uon.
Several of the Alameda men are prac- :
1 ticing in outrigged skiffs; among those
j who expect to make some of the eham
-1 pions look to their laurels are Theodore
Eisfeldt. G. Pesoli, Arthur Hammersmith
and Otto Riehl.
Last Sunday the racing barge of the ;
: Dolphir.p manned by F. S. Earls (bow),
1 Al Mii-heletti (No. 2). C. T. Roach (No. J),
W O. Patch (Stroke) and G. R. Sullivan
j (cockswain), went out for a long row. On
1 the return of the above Earls took out the ;
j following for practice: C. Roach (bow).
I A Brennan (No. 2). Lester Hammersmith
i (No. :'>) and George Baker (stroke). G. R. ,
Sullivan went out with a crew composed
as follows: J. Laib (bow), T. A. Keogh
(No. 2), J. S. Farrell (No. 3) and C. M.
Farrcll (stroke). The race between these
two last-mentioned crews will be rowed
|on Sunday March 12
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
boat glided down the ways her whistle
began to sound and the ?nng was taken
up by other boats in the bay and all the
whistles at the works.
A salute was fired and flags were dipped
as the new tug slipped into the bay. and
rode the water as gracefully as a duck.
while a cheer went up from the crowds
of spectators.
The next to be launched was tho Union.
She is somewhat smaller than the Fear
less, but built gracefully and substan
tially. The bottle which hung from her
prow was broken by Miss Mabel Rodgers.
the twelve-year-old daughter of David
Rodgers, foreman of the shipbuilding de
partrm :it.
The last of the three was the Wallula.
a twin sister to the Fearless, and she
was christened by Elizabeth Dahl, the
ADVERTISE! ENTS. ■
I ....A WOMAN? laf
* Are you a woman with a__^x- — —-=,-. — ___- ~^^-i_-=^^ |,',l;^^^^^^^fe *
| woman's ills, with a woman's ,^zl >\ \ • : -^^. '' Vnß^^fl *'
i* nerves, with her pains and her '''''l^xA. x • ' fw^^k ' !^^^Bi "*
* mental and physical misery? \ \. >^^^ffl^ ; ' |H|i| % •
4? Are you a woman? Then I ~^..33^^ N^-..-^T*r" J- ||jls^§o '^^^kl *
I There is relief from periodi- ' ' i; ii|/\ >^ XR^^fli *
$ cal backaches, headaches and ''< \vjr ffi'frVSH'-'S'
0 nervousness. There is strength and health for you in my J,// Jf^l 0
$ simple method. Don't take any more drugs. They only x/^ f^f^n^V^^ >^^V $
0 stimulate for a day. You must restore the strength and than (^kt=y^^^^^ 0
$ nature can cure you. How to do this I explain in my book, p^C^^^ft^ jf $
I "Maiden. Wife and Mother," vVA^W A |
' X Which is free upon application. I have found that my now famous Electric Belt is h\ \\X X ' y\T J^^^Hi V
2as good for women as for men. During the past three years hundreds of women hi \W\ X^^^^^P 6
A have regained the full vigor of healthy womanhood by its use. Read this letter from /. '/ lW^ ?)!^vß?^ 6
I" 8 A LADY'S REMARKABLE CURE.- ■ %\M\^^y Hi * .
*t* ' • . . . • GRANDVIEW, SAN JOSE, P. 0., Jan. 12, 1899. \ XUTT^S-T-^^!^^' >'\. •* Ilslfiilll! *T*
-i. DR M A McLAUGIILIN-Dear Sir: I write you a few lines : to thank you for the great benefit I have de- \y jblflLJ ' r/^<? ** ttßtt&U& «' i
W rived from your Belt. In truth. ' lam surprised at myself to think that after nine years of miserable suffering I can / >O W' , )jK*f^ .r • , W*s%£sW®k t»
,+c say that 7am strong and well after three months' use of your Belt. When I called at your office, about the first I . A \\ ' i^<^mgr_Mtf<.^ / " H . C * '
4* of October. I was thin a hopeless wreck, suffering from pains In my back and right side. My stomach was so weak ) V f\\\\ ioO^H&i -» 'JT . ? , - O* !
I that I was unable to retain any food In any way any longer than one hour. Then I would vomit and be exhausted. ( > 'A 11/WS^^SLjtt^'/ ' tSPpSMSs^H
fit I suffered "from irregularity of my menses, from falling of the womb, whites and constipation, the complication of / ■/ -%V \ ■ ■> ysZ^^T _.- ' /]HH , ft*
W which caused mv nervous" troubles, bo that I could not sleep at night. lam sure that If I were to go into your office / ! / Va '(.V"**^' /Wmlmmm '™
4& vfiu and your assistants would not recognize the lady who called on you about three months ago, as lam a great / /s> M V*V> K-ktao S W^l^^ jti
™ deal heavier than I was at that time and I look many years younger than I really am. I cannot find word, to express ' j t> V B\\ w^T"* 1 — / \ M HK "T*
•Sa mv eratefulness to you and all who asslft you in this great work of helping humanity, and write this in the hope / . > \\\ \\\ *'\^^-i/ I WB^HMS -♦*
*** that I ma y benefit some suffering sister who may have lost all hope of sharing the pleasures of this world. With I I ; ! ■ l\\ \\\i if, <^-= >< 1 VffiH W
i^i best wishes for your continued success. I remain yours gratefully. . MRS. A. N. STOREY. ( |- . 'I I'iV .-. I\ | I « 'Sflß I*l
| Warming, Soothing Vigor. ' ;! || 1 \ 1 1
Mil . ■ _ 'C J J :.">'-." • *u.r* • - "I" "* i 1 ' I IPShB^CTU #)£•%
isi My Electric Belt will pour a gentle, glowing warmth ' into your- nerves, soothing - j I ; ill I Warn if*
rjft and quieting them, J assisting the circulation and building up a. vigorous action of all - ;| . I j 1J?
*$* the organs. You will feel better at once, and health will soon be yours. j II I | i ¥•/. '4*
fjfcr Call and examine this famous Belt at my office free of charge Let me explain to -|i ;/| mf ! I V^B «ju
tfi you its wonderful effects. You can test it free. If you cannot call send for the book free. J /' i' " / \ \ra|j
t HR M A Mcl AIIHHI IN iri NDRDGS = * -|-|| ll*
tfa . Office hour— a.m. to ; 8 p. m.: Sundays. 10 .I ' v never soWln drugßtorea^for ' P . ill 1 •}*
* 'to 1. Branches at Lo» Angeles, Cal.. 204', South. by " traveling aeents" on y i ' • * I ' • 1 1 W
i*i -■•■ Broadway: Portland. Or.. 253 Washington st. ; our office »B entB - only at .  , r ■ jj \ , , l ( I . I ,* ■
•*B* Denver. Colo. 931. Sixteenth St.: Dallas. Tex.. I , our otnce - j- | , I I'll . rib
,A- ■ 'MS Main st. ; Butte, Mont., 110 North Main st. ♦ : : — : it ' U.U ■< J I IHI I
| cloven-year-old daughter of Knut Dahl,
foreman °f the engineering and draught
ing departments Like the other two, the
launching of the Wallula took place with
: out a hitch, and she received the same sa
: lute and cheers as she floated proudly be
tween her two sisters.
The Fcarkss and Wallula are sister
'• boats to the tug: Active, which was sold
i to the Government as an auxiliary war
. vessel when hostilities broke out with
Spain. The Active was considered the
Btanchest and fastest tug boat on the bay,
, and it was conceded that the purchasers
1 of the new vessels could do no better than
i have them modeled on her lines. The new
j boats are 1(X» feet long. 22.5 feet wide with
!an indicated horsepower of 600. The
j Union is a sister boat to the well-known
1 Rockaway.
A SERIES OF
GULES DELAYED
THE ZEALANDIA
Rough Time on the
Way From Manila.
CAFTAIN DOWDEIL HONORED
THE BARK CROWN OF INDIA
MAKES PO. ! AT LAST.
Collision the Bay — New Steamer
for Stockton 'irade — Ihe Old
Newport to, Be Made Into
a Steam Schooner.
The transport Zealandla docked at Pa
cific street wharf yesterday. The vessel
had a fearful time of It during the voy
age from Manila, and she shows the signs
of her battles with the elements. No
sooner would one storm die out than an
other would come up, and the stout
steamer did not escape them until the
Farallones were passed. Nearly all the
cabins and staterooms on the vessels were
gutted, and not a man on the vessel had
a clean suit of clothes to put on when
port was reached. Chief Steward Pen
field had ail his ( white suits and shirts
ruined by a bottle of red and another of
black ink and a bottle of mucilage break
ing among them.
The last time she came back from Ma
nila the Zealandia was caught in a ty
phoon and had to put into Nagasaki for
repairs. The crew all vow that this voy
ae>- was even worse than the first and
they never want to go through another
one likt it.
The Tennessee boys who went from here '
to Manila on the Zealandia had a splendid
time on the way down, and a very hand
some testimonial was presented to Chief
Steward Penlkld. To Captain Dowdell the
officers presented a magnificent silver cup
whiYh stands-over two feet high. On it
is the following Inscription:
CAPTAIN THOMAS DOWDELL, Master S. S.
Zealandia,
From the Officers of the
FIRST TENNESSEE INFANTRY, U. S. VOL.,
December 13, 1398.
Dr. C. H. Lowell, who went to Manila
as surgeon on the Zealandia, married a
Red Cross nurse and will practice in the
Philippines. Soon after graduating Dr
Lowell was taken ill, and Miss Corson. a
professional nurse, saved his life. On the
Zealrindla the nurse and patient met
again, with the result that on the vessel's
arrival in Manila they became man ajid
wife.
The British ship Crown of India has at
last reached San Francisco. She left New
castle, N. S. W.. for this port 296 days
ago, and when a few days out came near
going to the hottom. When. 150 miles off
shore the ship ran into a terrific storm. ,
Her foremast was carried away twenty ;
feet above the deck and the maintopmast
eight feet below the lower cap, while the
mizzen topgallant mast went by the
board. The storm increased in fury, and
both captain and crew hourly expected
the vessel to go down. Vessel after vessel
passed, but all of them seemingly had all
they could dr> to attend to their own safe
ty, until the ' American four-masted
schooner Golden Shore, Captain Rasmus
sen, came along. The latter vessel sig
naled the Crown of India asking if assist
ance was needed, and when word was
sent back that there was no immediate I
danger Captain Rasmussen hove his ves
sel to, and through the whole of that ter
rific night and part of the next day stayed
by the disabled ship. When Rasmussen
saw assistance coming he up helm and
stood away for Newcastle, N. S. *) •
Captain Corkhill of the Crown of India
did not forget the incident and as soon
as he got his vessel into a place of safety
he sent a handsome present to Captain
Rasmussen and another to his wife, .who
was with him on that memorable night.
It was late In May when the Cmn of
India was towed Into Sydney harbor, and
it was December 11 before she sailed
again for San Francisco. New spars had |
to be procured from Scotland causing the ,
delay. The run here was made in the fas ,
time of seventy-six days. She anchored
off Melggs wharf, and during .after- I
noon the revenue cutter Rush drifted j
down on her. The latter had been over to ,
California City for target practice and to
drill the crew. Coming back to the front |
the Rush was anchored near the Crown
of India. The cutter's anchor did not ,
hold and she drifted down on the ship, i
Tugs separated them before much dam- ;
age was done. _ 
The British bark Cardigan Castle ar- j
rived from Newcastle, N. S. "W., after a 1
long passage of eighty-two days Captain
GouWing was bewailing his hard luck m
having met nothing but light winds and
calms until in latitude 34 deg. la mm.
north, longitude 135 deg. 19 mm. west he ;
spoke the British bark Brussels, which
Balled from Newcastle for San Francisco :
twelve days before him. ,
A new steamer has just been launched
at Stockton for the California Navigation
and Improvement Company. She has been
named J. R. McDonald after the ex-State
Treasurer. She is 105 feet long, 24, feet
broad, 5 feet deep and draws Id inches or
waiter
The 'old steamer Newport is going back
into the coasting trade. • Away back in
the seventies she was built by, the farm
! ers of Anaheim to run in opposition to the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company. Alter
i a time the two concerns amalgamated,
i and for years the Newport sailed under
'the steamship company's flag. Then she
' was sold to the Pacific Steam Whaling
| Company and made two cruises to ■ the
I Arctic, arriving home on the last occa
! sion in October. She has now been cut
| down and thoroughly overhauled, and
! when she next appears on the front she
I will be a steam schooner and ready for
1 business. „ . _
The transport Roanoke is to sail at 2
p. m. to-day for Manila. Captain Kidston
goes out in command and Captain Fer
guson will be his first officer. Dr. Dig
gins will be the vessel's surgeon and
genial Tom James the chief steward.
Members of the Grand Army of the Re
public visited the lowa yesterday after
noon. One hundred of the members were j
taken out on the launches Amy and Wil- |
liam D and they had a most enjoyable |
time. The battleship will be open to the |
public again to-day, and the launches will
run as usual from the Folsom-street float.
William Seeckings was treated at the
Harbor Receiving Hospital yesterday for
a painful cut on the right arm. He was
climbing a flagpole at the corner of
Broadway and Montgomery avenue to fix
the halyards. When half way up the pole
he slipped and began to slide back. When
twelve feet from the ground his arm
caught in a projecting piece of tin and
tore the skin badly. The shock caused .
Seeckings to drop to the ground, from
which he was picked up unconscious and
hurried to the hospital.
Chased With a Knife.
Mrs. A. Cassini, who has a frultstand j
at 2028 Fillmore street, swore to a com- !
plaint in Judge Treadwell's court yester- j
day for the arrest of Joe Jillio on the [
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
Jillio has a flshstand adjoining Mrs. Cas- j
sini's fruitstand and Friday morning he '
claimed to be the owner of both stands. I
and when Mrs. Cassini and her husband ;
remonstrated with him he chased them j
with a long fish knife In his hand. They
were afraid to return until after Jillio
was arrested yesterday afternoon.
Dougherty Arraigned.
John Dougherty, ex-treasurer of the
Marine Fireman's Union, charged with
felony embezzlement, was arraigned be
fore Acting Police Judge Groezinger yes
terday By consent the case was contin
ued until March 6. Ex-Judge Ferral ap
peared for the defendant and asked that
his bonds of $20,000 be reduced. There was
only one charge against him of em
bezzling $1100, and the bail was absurdly
high The Judge reduced it to $10,000 and
intimated that if other charges were not
made he would reduce it to $3000.
ADVERTISEMENT^
* ■ vl - A ft iW^
The Big Clearance Sale
Was So Successful that
Nearly All the Old
Stock Has Been Sold.
/ HAVE \
/received THE\
/first SHIPMENT of\
\OUR SPRING and/
\ SUMMER /
\GOODS/
And are now prepared to
supply the Finest Shoes
that skilled workmen can
produce, at prices lower
than ever before.
ALL GOODS SOLD AT
STRICTLY ONE PRICE
FOR NET CASH.
Our large windows dur-
ing this week will be
illuminated until 12 o'clock,
and will display all the
handsomest, up -to - date
styles for spring and sum-
mer wear.
Don't Fail to See This
Display. It Will Show
the Styles and Prices.
812-814 Market St.,
PHELAN BUILDING,
MAIL ORDERS A SPECIALTY.
— t •
B 13 V By fa BMswJjjSSggMMQ
AUCTION
0»
[nrestment, Residence and UnimproTed
, Property
AT BALEBROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY BT.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27th. 1899
AT ia O'CLOCK NOON.
REFEREE'S SALE.
Clara Street Investment.
No. 32 Clara street, N.W. line, 300 feet N.E. ot Fourth
' street ; two-story house of 7 rooms arranged for two f am-
Hies ; rent $20; street accepted ; Ssz7o.
Choice Brick Building; in Manufacturing
District.
No. 112 Main street, S.W. line. 115 feet Sjp. Mission
street ; two-story brick building suitable for light manu-
facturing; 22:6*91:10.
Choice Western Addition Residence.
No. 559 Fell street, South line, 165 feet E. of Buchanan
street: 41:3x120 to rear street; two-story bay-window
residence of 8 room* and bath: unfinished basement,
brio* foundation, cement sidewalks and both streets
bitumenized ; stable for two horses ; rent $40 per month
Mortgage of $4000 at 6>4 per cent, can remain.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
.Estate of J. 8. Holliday (Deceased)
S.E. corner of H light and Steinrr street*; three-
story building on corner contains store with concrete
basement and two upper floors of 8 rooms and 2 baths;
also 3 two-story and basement bay-window houses of 8
rooms and bath each; rent (120 per month ; both street*
accepted 56: Fourth street, B.W.line, 65 feet N.W. ol
2.— No. 252 Fourth street, S.W. line, 85 feet N.W. oJ
Folsom street ; »tore and flat of 5 rooms ; rent $55 ; 25x80.
3.— No. 1731 Market street, S.E. line and adjacent to .
junction of Market and Valencia streets ; stores, flat and
cottages : rente 890; 38:115ix125 feet.
Western Addition Investment.
No 90S Oak street. South line. 125 feet W. of Pierce
street ; 60»137 : 8 ; partly improTed ; rent $25 per month i
cash above mortgage of f 3000.
Mission Building Lots. ■
S.W. corner of 30th and Whitney streets ; 100x150 feet
as a whole or in 6 subdivisions of 25x100 feet each.
Mission Home.
No. 223 Elsie (Cherebusco) street, S.E. line, 300 fee*
N. E. of Courtland avenue : two story residence of 6
rooms and bath; brick foundation : street sewered and
macadamized ; rent $12 ; £5x70 ; installment mortgage of
«450 can remain.
For further particulars, apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
Real Estate A gents and Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery *itre<>t. V
£** V"fe • The peculiar
Sano-llios^s
THE HOME REMEDY X. r f,^;
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS 1 "^! a \&?st
•arrinj. Fcr all thrse pains, irregularities and difficulties no
remedy on earth t ann Ttin. Kasily applied by ladyhjr-
equ£itistaicoa»wJttfllJ*KJlf self. Relieve*' all pain
JjSSSSSsSi inATomb or Ovaries in 10 minute*.
»£gPß*yPj| Promptly rt lie ves Headiche. Nausei, Blood »nd
Efl'*2B?s?l BlidilerTrjubl*!, Nervousnea», Fear
BKf**>!i!>g and Despondency. Cures Leucorrhcea, War
gjMSJr MB Complaints, Displacement*, Backache, B?aiiO(
Es2£»'' IViw ' n P» inl an d all Female Disorder*.
JTIfZ ' *^U\BBnl«he» Soreness anil tnceration.i.y-^a\
U ft%" -^jqtyC'h.pi-rn th * spirits and Vlts>' lips C*lU
; «"^£*-" ' , ha *ho!e trine. Bnie, Sun; und >jfU#
Absolutely HarmlcM. One 50 cut bos will f
Sfi\pVi!T PAIU° a C S 'BT all DRUGGISTS.
? ' If! ** - '"'>* " ""I"' 1 'a plain »-rapper on receipt
In IU BliniJlLO The Porfptto Co.Cuton Bids. ChitKO
Bold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
r;^tSi^^^£*nM '''•' "la » non-powonowi
< <^wfe?iP*^^*^fe£fil remedy for Gonorrhoea,
ASt/Or tIDKEtr^M Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
«Bgrsf in I to 6 <lay«.^3 Whites, unnatural jis-
mfmm Qoiranued V charge*, or any inflamma-
Mr^M not to •trfewre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
rrtTeoU con'.agloq. • tion of mucous mem-
yTa%THEEy*NS CuEMirti Pp. branes. Non-astringent.
*gSDkciNCINN»TI,O ■81l Sold y Drußsriat*.
«ffl». U. S. A jBB or gent in plain wrapper,
■ •"^SSrfitfew " y press, prepaid, for
VQQtaS^B {1.00, or 3 bottloa, «8.7 i.
■w T V ■ Circular sent ua mfxCm
Weekly Gall. $1.00 DerYear>r ;'•• :'. . POSTITM CZB.EAL.
|| The "Young Demon" 1
.;:." »i? Rider of Brooklyn Samuel C. Brock), famous $
..;..rr among the racing men for daring; work in. big ?
.-Vfb f.elds of contestants, writes: — *%
i' . t
I K ;^? '
:'i : : ■ "After using your healthful beverag-e. I am convinced -,1,
•'.V\- =-" that it is the best drink by far for bicycle racing men In /£
'■■ : '•-'•■_ •!^' training, that has ever been oSered. Enclosed you -will find t!
V- : .*|* check for ?10. for :-.ich kindly send me as much of the fj;
■•' „♦„ Postum Cereal as that will pay for. I would not be -with- pL
;-y. ; -2. out it during the riding season for ten times that much .
• ;".:_• '£*?: money. It relieves me of all nervousness incidental to co '" ••*
*n
W&& ' <*
Wijb] Healthful hab'*s of d c for the athlete could be 4
r -^ well adopted by the brain- worker or society r |
zi .ik ' -- **
■$ : \. : £f woman. „•
• . +£ +feuc *v ig, tfe r j* pu #^ *$* *v •£ f^t *fa nb & 4? H? 4
MURDERED BY A
FELLOW MEMBER
OF THE MAFIA
Joseph Sierro Dies
;. From a Wound.
" AN ANTE-MORTEM STATEMENT
■ACCUSES PHILIP FFJRTTxTTA OF
■:'.■-■ V STABBING HIM.
•TlSey Quarreled Over Ferttitta's At
'•. tentions to a Married "Woman,
■ " " : - as He Was to Marry Si
erro's Cousin.
.
Joseph Sierro, who tts.s final in a dy- !
•• ir-g- condition In front of SU Sansome street
■ Friday night, died at the Harbor Receiv
■: r r.g Hospital at absut 2 o'clock yesterday
-"morning. For a time ha persisted in say- ;
•■ fcg that the knife wound that caused his
'"-death was seif-inSicted. but just before
he expired he admitted in the presence of
: policeman Fowle, Dr. Vonderleith and the
matron that Philip Femitta stabbed him.
, . ' Ferttltta lived at 3ii S&nsome street and
I Sierro called there Friday night upon Sal- j
' vatore Rinaldo. Ferttltta ■was to be mar- j
Philip Ferttitta.
The Alleged Assassin
•■:' ried to Sierro's cousin, the daughter of
-J-SalV&tore S!erro, IS Vande water street.
': Sierro objected to Ferttitta' s attentions
; Wo Jilrs. Rir.aldo and he and Ferttitta kept
: -growing at each other until Mrs. Rinal
■ : &6- toM Sierro to stop insulting Ferttitta
■\ ard go home. Sierro left the house and.
J "according to Mrs. Rlnaldo, stood outside
.". and dared Ferttitta to come out. Fertit
: >a." accepted the challenge and she saw
'. \teza. scnGlr-s on the street. Then Sierro
• ! fell and Ferttitta came into the house for
° a niinute and disappeared. Sierro had
.•'• been stabbed with a carvii^ knife, which
. -was found beside him.
• After Sierro died his body was removed
t& the Morgue and Dr. Zabaia made an
' sutop^y on it. He found that the knife
•• had entered the left breast, pierced the
■ liver passed through the macs and
•■ reached' the spinal column. _
. " When Captain Bohen was notified of th©
• statement made by Sierro accusing Fert
• titfa. he" detailed Detective George Mc
iiahon and Policeman Fowle on the case.
They a-resfd Rinaldo and h:3 wife and
: Lemertin Sebato, a shipmate of Sierro.
: vrf,b lives at SU Sansome street, BfMtO
=•• d-enied knowing- anything of the quarrel
•'or murder and was released from custody
■ " -yesterday afternoon. Mrs. Binaldo was
. "°"al«o Released after making her statement.
v RLnaJdo Is detained as. although he de
': cies: knowing anything cf the affair, the
• 'police' think he knows all about it.
•' The two men arrested and the murderer
•• are Sicilians and members of the Mafia.
' as was Sierro. Ferttitta was prominent
• 'Iv mixed up In the Slafla affair in New
•6ric'ans in ISSI. when Chief Hennessey
■ vis killed, and had to fiee the city. He
:. C ame here and Salvatore Sierro. the mur
dered mar. uncle. was bis only friend and
i*Ltlpcd him along. Among fishermen he
wa« looked upon as a most desperate
character and a thorough specimen of the
' ■ Sicilian brigand. He is about 30 years of
: a ¥irttitta kept a *.sh stand at McAllis
ter and Buchanan streets, adjoining the
• rrolt stand of C. Baldccchi. Teatentey
' ri'ornir.g about S o'clock he caUed at his
oSlad when Baldocchi saw him he
.said: "I see from the papers this morning
• that -another of the Mafia has been
• killed." Ferttitta replied. "Do you know
y-'s nanre?" and Baldocchi said. -No: the
rame was not given." Ferttitta turned
c^tis heel and walked away. That is the
■""last trace of him the police have.
X-arline Salt Water Baths.
• Buss- and Larilc «t«. Swtmmins. RcMlan. sat
. fi^-cold tUD e*.ma. Saltwater direct trocioceaa
."■'.■ A Berkele; Bankrupt.
• = .Georg-a D. Pratt of Golden Gate filed a
ijpetrtfcm in insolvency yesterday In the
•IJhited States District Court. His Ha-.
. biiiiies are 11235 To and his assets 1250.
» •-;•• . " ■ » »
# Ai'rane«s nads ©a furniture «n.i p.aaca. with |
: .;:<a-wttiMmt removal. J y-^aaa. ICI7-ie3Mi*sloa. ,
Half -Interest DeaL
-keley rt
- court yes-
Ptt« Sexton, j
■
■
-
-
THE ARMY CANTEEN.
Is It Wise to Abolish It?
I The Hull- army bill bas been seat to the
[ United States Senate from the House ,
I with a -rider." attached at the eleventh i
! bottr which prohibits the sale of oeer at j
f the pest exchanges, or. as they are com- j
' ntonly known, the canteens. This amend- ;
, meet was adopted in deference to intern- j
Pirate temperance sentiment, rendered -
: vocal by the Woman's Christian Tern- j
perance Union. The amendment is. m [
■ my opinion, unwise. It will not operate. ,
■ in' practice, to the benefit of the army. }
Temperance people will point to riots and ;
disorders at the camps of our volunteer
force* during the recent war with spa.n.
Very weO. The case is not in point, D - 3 "
■ cipline was notoriously ted among forces
' officered by men who might want, or
■ whose friends might want, the votes or •
; the privates after disbandment. Tne Hull |
: bill is intended to apply to the regntex i
: army, under a discipline enforced ty t
trained regular officers without regard ;
■ for anything but the efficiency cf me
; army and the credit accruing to them .or
i maintaining good discipline.
The canteen in the army is the growth
' of centuries. It is the outgrowth of ages ;
I cf military experience. It is a device for
' preventing drunkenness among soldiers.
• adopted in preference to the method of
punishing for drunkenness. In our army !
t*e canteen is conducted under
L strict regulations. The post commandant
< :s held responsible for the enforcement of
■ 'he -eeuiaUons. He is assisted by "a can
-1 teen council" composed of three ofneers |
■ one of whom is in immediate charge 01 ;
■ the canteen. It is also under the imme- j
, diate supervision of the "oScer of .ac ,
' day." Ail articles disposed of at the can- ;
' teen are soid at a bare advance upon the •
i original cost. The profits go to the credit ;
jo* the organizations at the post. This .
< money is expended by the company com- ,
i manders in the purchase of '.uxunes, Uke j
butter, milk. eggs, game, cheese, etc.. not
[ found on the regular bill of fare. E\ery ,
' canteen is a sort of club whereat the men ;
! may resort to read, to sing, to play j
I games that are not gambling games, to }
fesaie themselves between meals with j
' lie^t iu-.ch^ons. The regulations prombit j
'■- the sale cf anything cf an alcoholic na- ;
! 'u^e eicpt beer. Intoxication is not .
I permitted "and neither is the sale of beer [
' to any one who might be intoxicated ;
i Such is the canteen as it is describe^, .
i £emi-ofEciai!y and authoritatively, by the
! Army a"nd Navy Journal.
I* is not such a heinous institution. !
i the* contrary, there is abundant evidence, i
• in the arm>~ records, that the canteen 13 >
a factor in sustaining the morale of the
force It keeps the men at the post, out
of vile wbisky dives and houses of ill- [
repute near the post. A canteen at Fort j
Sidney Nebr.. reduced by one-half the j
| number of saloons in Sidney. The open- j
ing of a canteen at Fort Porter near j
Buffalo . closed up many dens in the
neighborhood. Ever; post having a can- i
teen has been noted- for better dispipline
1 t*an before the cacteen was established-
I The establishment of canteens keeps the
i soldiers from being- drugged and crazed
! by the rot-gut sold by the wretches wno
often let up joints, near the post, in
which the soldier is robbed.
The testimony of the adjutant general,
the judge advocate's department, the
medical department, the paymaster gen
eral's office, is that since the establish
ment of post canteens desertions have di
minished, court-martials have decreased.
j sickness, consequent upon intoxication,
i has become rarer, deposits of sol
i diers' savings from their pay have
Increased. Shall such an agency for
good of the service and the
food of individual members be aban-
Scned? Does not its benefit outweigh all
the imaginary evils cf the institution? It
works for order, for morality, for health,
! for economr. Those are the things that
; make or manhood. The canteen has ad
i vanced the condition of the private sol
dler far above that of the class from
I which the army is, ordinarily, recruited.
'< The canteen solidiSes the men. It unites
I them in a sort of social brotherhood. It
i fosters that very necessary thing in an
! army, the esprit da corp3. It 'discourages
j drunkenness, disorder, depravity, extfav
i i agance. It i 3 distinctively a temperance
. i institution.
Soldiers will drink. Better let them
drink at the post than outside. Better
I let them drink under the eyes of their su
t periors than carouse In dives and brothels.
Better let them drink pure beer than
whisky of the worst sort, sold by soulles3
I joint-keepers 2.: x .- for a thousand per
. cent profit. Better let them drink a little
at home than send them outside the post
| to drink too much, get drunk, disorderly,
■ i desert and be arrested and court-mar
tialed after the harm Is done. This amend-
I rnent will force the soldier who will drink
i to drink the worst, stuff with the worst
j results to the service and to himself. The
I desire for drink cannot be eliminated. It
I can only be controlled. Discipline can
j control it. Such control is possible only
under the system of the post canteen con
ducted under the officers' eyes.
"Who is more interested in. the sobriety.
orderliness, decency, tone of the service.
than the officers cf the army? They tes
tify to the usefulness of the canteen as a
j moral Influence. They know the soldier.
: They have to depend upon him. His cred
itable conduct redounds to their elory. !
' proves their efficiency. They say the can- !
teen is an Institution promotlve of sobri
; ety and pood conduct. They point to th«
figures. They know. They have seen the
1 canteen improve the force. They have not
! seen Prohibition Improve the morals of |
f civilian communities. We may trust the
; officers of the army to care for the army. !
! If post canteens are bad. no post canteens
are much worse. Why should .the army
be managed. In such an important matter
of discipline as this. In accordance with
j the views of a lot of people who know
j nothing of what they soeak? The "can
j teen amendment" should be^wiped out by
| the Senate— ln deference to coinmon
t sense, and *Jn deference to professional
1 military testimony against the sitty agi- j
s tatlon which created the amendment. —
! St. Louis Mirror.
PIGGOTT AND HIS PAL.
Enter Pleaa of Not Guilty to a Charge
of Grand Larceny.
John Pigeon, the notorious pickpocket
with the notorious "pull." and his "pal."
Cal Childs. charged with having relieved
one ■ : regoire Henrioulle of $130. were ar
raigned yesterday morning by Judge Cook
on a charge of grand larceny. . Neither
nri?oner was represented by counsel, but
both entered a plea of not guilty. A con
tinuance was then ordered for a week
that the prisoners might obtain counseL
The "Belie of Manila" is the latest
march son?— and It's a beauty, too.
Mauvais, 753 Market street- Ty'.' I '--*?--
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
THE RAT WAS KICKED
OVER THE TRANSOM
J. UST one rat raised an alarm of fire In the Fairmount Hotel last Thursday
night, and brought hysterics to just five girls.
Just five sirls: Just five rirls:
Rupmred ihelr ccrsets and spoiled their curls:
Because of that fccrrid rat.
A conversazione -was in full progress at the time, and three reputations had
been talked into tatters in the rotiin of a South American diplomat when the rat
came. He did not come in the usual -way. gnawing -ugh the floor, but in a
great hurry, which was very unusual and undignified for a rat. ■
It happened in this way:
A young man was passing through- the haiiway of the hotel on the second
floor, and when opposite the room of the diplomat a giant gray rat with
a manEj- taii ran in front of him. The young man was formerly a football
punter and he at once, to use his own words, "hit the beast a swift kick." The
rat. instead of being projected to the further end of the hall, caromed en the
wall and went sailing high up into the air. The transom over the door of the
diplomat's room was open, and his ratship alighted on the upper side of the
~iass "chuted" the chute and fell, first on the head and thence into the lap of the diplomat's wife.
c*e * •'•Wow::t Fire"! Murder": Ouch!!! Police!:: screamed the astonished women, almost paralyzed with terror. The
uproar brought th~ landlady, the clerks and a score of lodgers hurrying to the scene.
The diplomats wife, the wife of "a well-known contractor and two other married ladies were standing on chairs.
ho'dirg their skirts tiehtlr against their ankles, and yelling for the police."
The unfortunate rodent was more frightened than his victims, and escaped into the back parlor, where he was
clubbed to death by a party of indignant and merciless citizens.
BOLD CROOKS
ARE LOCKED UP
IN THE TANKS
Broke Into a Shooting
Gailery.
THE PLUNDER RECOVERED
ONE OF THE DESPERATE TRIO
IS WANTED IN RENO.
He Is Accused of Holding Up a
Constable and Believing Him
of His Pistol and
Money.
Locked up in the tanks of the CUr
I aien.
Daring Burglars Captured by the Police
whom the police believe are responsible
for a number of burglaries committed in
! this city. Their names are Edward Smith.
Joseph Munroe and Silvio Cosio. They
> were arrested by Detectives Ryan and
ODea. the clever sleuths of the Southern
station. The specific charge against them
Is breaking Into the shooting gallery and
i saloon of William A. Bradford at 44"
! Dupont street. Early Friday morning the
I desperate trio forced an entrance to the
! plac and helped themselves to 2000 cart
; ridges and two Smith & Wesson revol-.
vers. valued at $45.
In the storeroom connected with the
: shooting gallery the burglars found a
> number of nickel-in-the-slot machines.
I which they proceeded to open. With the
j aid of a "jimmy" they broke into three
; of the machines and abstracted 300 slugs.
' which are valued at S cents each. Several
t hours after the burglary Detectives Ryan
and ODea saw a young man enter a
f pawnshop at 103 Third street and offer for
I «ale the two revolvers which were stolen
I from the shooting gallery- >ot Snowing
! that the place had been entered, but sus
pecting that the visitors " > the pawnshop
had stolen the revolvers, the detectives
concluded to shadow him. They fol
lowed him for several blocks and finally,
saw him enter a lodging-house on lllssion
street.
| From one of the occupants the detec
.■ ■ ■ •'■
tires learned that the man was Ed. alias ,
"Toughey," Smith, a desperate character,
•who was forced to leave Carson City,
Nev.. on account of his criminal grape*"
sities, ar.d after leaving Carson City, he
cla:med. Smith vent to Reno, where he
held up the constable, relieving him of
his pisto! and handcuffs and several dol
lars in silver.
Returning to police headquarters. Ryan
and ODea learned of the shooting gal
lery burglary, and. satisfied that Smith
was DC of the culprits, they went In
search of him. After several hours' chase ;
they found him in a cheap theater on j
Market street. He offered no resistance
when taken into custody and was at once
escorted to police headquarters. Several
hours later they discovered Munroc ana
Casio in a south of Market street lodsr
inr-house. In their room was found the
slugs which had been stolen from the ,
nickel-ir.-the-s'.ct machines and the
"Ummy" which they used in breaking into ,
the snooting c To-day formal
charges of burglary will be recorded
asatnst the men. About a week ago the
same place was entered by burglars, who
pot away with about $40 in money and '
several revolvers. The arresting officers
are satisfied that the prisoners committee
both jobs. ,
THE OEDZB WAS BOGUS.
More of McGlade's Peculiar Methods
Come to Light-
C, Murphy, a cigar dealer, was arrested
last night on a warrant from Police Court
1. charging him with felony embezzle
ment. The complaining witness is M.
Becenslnircer, i broker. According to his
statement Murphy, some time ago. visited
his plac» of business and presented an
order for 5100, signed by Pete McGlade,
who is awaiting trial for appropriating
the funds of the Superintendent of
Street's office.
! He claimed that the money was due him
• for service rendered while acting as Dep
| uty Superintendent of Streets. After the
arrest of McGlade, Regensburger learned
* that the order was worthless, and he de
i manded of Murphy the return of the
S money, which he had given him. Murphy.
[ it Is claimed, laughed at Ms demand, and
I told him to collect the amount from Mc
i Glade Realizing he had been duped.
: Reeensburger visited police headquarters
j and swore to a complaint charging Mur
! phy with felony embezzlement. . -
The warrant was placed in the hands
'• of Detective Tom Gibson with the result
i that Murphy was arrested last night and
I locked up in the City Prison. Subsequent
ly he secured his release on bonds. It is
I said that six other men. who worked a
! similar scheme on unsuspecting brokers.
; will be arrested in the next few days.
Chamber of Commerce Statistics.
The forty-ninth annual report of the
Chamber of Commerce has just t
sued. It Is a stoutly bound volume of
nearly 300 pages. It is full of the most
valuable statistics relating to commerce.
' banking, real estate, mining and all the
| indu.-
Waller Again Attached.
A second attachment was filed against
I "Waller Brothers, the druggists, yester
l day. It was on an assigned claim from
| Rosenberg & S*ldkin for goods delivered
I and amounted to 574 13.
-■■■■-
PROCTOR SUES
FOR A LOT IN
A PUBLIC PARK
Senator From Ver
mont in Court.
ACTION AGAINST THE CITY
WANTS RESTITUTION OJ A
PIECE OP LAND.
Old Pueblo Land Grant Litigation in
the Circuit Court — A Part of
Lafayette Square I*
Invcived.
United States Senator Redfleld Proctor
of the town of Proctor, Vl, began suit in
the United States 'Circuit Court yester
day against the city and county of San
Francisco to recover possession of a fif ty
vaxa lot bounded as follows: '
Beginning at the intersection of the north
line cf Sacramento street with the west
line of Octavia street, thence north -' feet
Rfc inches to" the north line ef tie -Welton
an! H retail claim, which line is also the
south line of the Delaner claim; thea.ee
west M fe*t to a point UT:S feet west from
said west . -- of Octavia street: thence
south UT:« feet west of the north lias of
Sacramento street: thence east 137 :S feet
to th<! point cf beginning. The value of tie
lot Is stated to be JtS.CCO.
The complaint recites that the prede
cessors of the complainant in July. ISO,
took possession of a tract of pueblo land
embracing the lot in controversy, and
that they and their grantees continuously
maintained their title and possession up
to I?SS. when the city expelled the plain
tiff and took possession. He asks that
the lot be surrendered to him and that
hi 3 title be acknowledged and confirmed.
The lot is a part of Lafayette Square,
which has been beautified and Improved
by the city within the last four years. The
Issues raised on the trial of the case will
be similar to those in the cue of the city
vs. Lawyer Hoi'.aday. who holds posses
sion of a fine let on the top of the Clay
street hill, in the same tract of pueblo
land.
Senator Proctor has engaged S. W. and
E. B. Holladay. Jeff Chandler and I*. D.
McKislck to Sight the case for him, and
there can be no doubt that the battle will
be at fierce one.
PREPARING TO TAKE
THE SCHOOL CENSUS
THE WORK WHL BE DONE AT
HALF THE USUAL. COST.
A Special Meetinf of the Board of
Education Has Been Called .
for Next Tuesday
Evening.
A special meeting of the Board of Edu
cation will be he'd next Tuesday evening
for the purpose of completing the changes
in the principals hips inaugurated at the
last meeting of the board-
Chief Census Marshal Eibert was in
structed yesterday in his duties by Di
rectors Kemp. Conion and Stafford, and
this new official with his four assistants '
will begin their work March "l. The field r
marshals to the number of fifty will com- ;
mence taking the census April 15 and will
finish May 1. The late Board of Educa
tion spent $12,000, but the members of the
present board propose to complete the
work with Just 16000.
"W» E. Commary. who was appointed
assistant inspector at a monthly salary of
JI9S, Is not an addition to the labor force
of the School Department. He has been
the chief carpenter at $4 per day for some ,
time r and was simply changed to the I
monthly payroll at about the same salary. •;
Commary is a skillful and industrious me- !
chanic and Is in the habit .of working
overtime without running in extra claims
against . the department^ The beard
thought such self-denial deserved recog
nition, hence the change. M- J. Lynch,
the new assistant secretary, was appoint
ed in place of T. E. Atkinson, recently
resigned. _ -..-jfr :
— : • * • .
Pearl Eubanks' Case.
A wTit of habeas corpus, sworn out by
J. D. Besrgs on behalf of Pearl Eubanks.
an ir.mate of the California Girls" Train
insr Home. 147 N'atoma street, was dis-
J by Judge Lawlor yesterday. Be^gs
wanted to give the giri a home with ais
relatives in Monterey, but the court saw
no reason to rerr "?m h*r present j
home and denied the writ. i
AD VISTISI TS. .
BEFORE DURING AFTER
'■' -i "V : *'"■-'■?'- ."-"•' '•.-.-■'' *V : " ? ."v" ..KS'-:;*rJ'V. ' ■-. ■i.'-..'T.: : '*. : ."~-.v!.-. . /'f'*- r*v. ? ' ' '"*■*- ••-
La Grippe
■ W "m '
ft^A^'^^ pOR BODY AND BRAIN
\pr 6i=c« 1863, Endorsed by Medical Faculty
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
Sold at Ail Druggists Everywhere. Avoid Substitutes.
LODGE OF PERFECTION
OFFICERS INSTALLED
AN rarPRESSIYE EVENT EH
MASONIC TEM?LI.
The Induction Into Office Witnessed
by Many Ladies — An Enjoy
able Banquet Followed.
Last evening a large number of ladles,
invaded Commandery Hall, Masonic Tem
pie. the doors of which were thrown open j
I to them by special invitation of the \
I membership of Terba Buena Lodge of j
| Perfection, fourteenth degree of the An- t
I dent and Accepted Scottish Rite of Ma- ;.
! sonry, to witness the installation of offi
; cers of the lodge for the Masonic year.
| The beautiful hall was free from decora- r
tion, except the American Sag to the right j
of the venerable master's station in the [
east, a proclamation of the membership's |
love and fealty to country.
There were present about one hundred
arc nfty people, principally members and >
! their families, and a few invited guests. |
{ At the appointed time Henry A. cline. \
i marshal of ceremonies, entered the hall. ;
[ and saluting F. O. Alien, the retiring
I venerable master, who was the installing
Officer,; announced that the officers elected j
• and appointed a»waited his pleasure. He
I was instructed to admit them, and in a
few moments the officers, the majority in
elegant and costly robes, the others in
military dress, entered and were escorted
to position before the altar, where, after
I saluting, they occupied seats. The several
Charges were delivered to them and the ;
| teachings of charity of the order explain
i ed in eloquent language, after which the
: elected and appointed officers took their
positions around the altar, and on bended
knee took the oath of office. This was a
solemn and impressive feature of the in- :
[ stalU- During the evening a choir, ;
consisting of T. K. "Wittock. J. R. Jones. 1
t J. R. Ogilvie and L. A. Larsen. rendered ;
t appropriate music. .
The officers who are to govern the lodge ;
during the current- Masonic year are. ;
Frank B. Ladd, venerable master; Frank ;
! C Van Schaick, senior warden; Henry !
I Ascroft, junior warden; James A. "Wilson. [
master* of ceremonies; Norman Sinclair, i
' orator: "William S. Moses almoner; ;
I George J. Hobe, secretary; Lippman
I Sach«. treasurer: S. C. Thomson, senior ,
[ expert; Edwin X. Rogers, junior expert: '
[ "William P. Brooks, captain of the guard;
John d'Arcy. tyler. '
At the close of the ceremony and the
proclamation by the marshal all present
I were invited to remain and partake of
I the hospitality of the lodge in the ban- ■
. { quet hall of the commandery, whtre there ;
, was spread an elaborate banquet- After
! the repast there was an excellent pro- !
: gramme and music by Bennett's or- j
chestra.
PRIZES TO BE AWARDED.
Original Work at the University of
California to Be Stimulated.
The Council of the Associated Alumni \
of the University of California met last
evening at the Hopkins Institute of Art
for the purpose of taking action on the j
report of the committee which was ap- '
pointed some months ago to formulate a I
scheme whereby prizes should be given i
to encourage any original work in any
department of the university. President [
W. E. Bitter of the council presided at i
the meeting The report of the commit
tee, which "consisted of J. M. Whitworth. \
Dr. H. Kugeler and J. D. Hodgea, was |
read by the secretary and then taken up
for general discussion- It was not f
adopted last night, but on motion went r
over for further consideration at the next !
meeting of the council.
There is no doubt that the report I
of the committee will ultimately be •;
adopted, with possibly some amendments. :
The report provides for the giving of i
prizes for original work done in any de- \
partment of -the university. The prixes (
are to be awarded by the council, which I
will have the assistance of the professors
of the university in making selections.
The prizes will be awarded on the capers
that are submitted, the council reserving
the right to reject all papers submitted
if it sees fit to do so.
AN UNUSUAL SIGNATURE.
Tiie Will of 0. H. Baker Is Presented
for Probate.
The will of the late Oliver Henry Baktr,
who died on the a.st inst- at the age of 65
years, leaving an estate .valued at 516.T00.
was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent's entire estate is bequeathed to
Christina Caldwell. daughter of F. VT.
Krone, the testator stating- that he has
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
fnrchasers 1 Gate to Respotsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance aid Real Estate Ageats,
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS HAILED ON APPLICATION.
U C«™.**4i»* Witt if 1•• ""- r *»- «-«" "** <**■'
■ , M . i _ < »■'
BELTINa*
Ln nFfiFS' Manutactarer of Be?f -i «nd '
P. 1/tUEiI, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
•ion St. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADT. nevrtaam
E-«cl*J AtteaUca Pi'i to Repairs aad SaSp
Work.
Office trd Werks-H3-115 MISSION* ST. j
Telsptca* Mala SM. '
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THESAK FEMCBCO SEWS COMPAKI.
242 : 0 350 Geary Street. A!»Te Powe'.t.
Periodical. Books end Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'BRIEN & CftVC— itakexs and Dealer* la
Cart* aa<i Busirtes. OoWea Oat« aT«. »ad Polk
ir.. B*n rraßdaee. ■ : j
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON. ,
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
-WOO BATTERY STREET.
Te!epfccne Main 13»».
DRUOGISTS WHOLES ALT .
REDINGTON & CO. t^^ttd^i
FRESH AND SALT MEATS, , \
TIC CAVCC C CSX SWpplas Uuirfcera, :?4
JAS- EUlfcb a tU,, cur. AC Main ISi I
DC heirs to his knowledge, bar in event
any should appear they are bequeathed
$3 From the sisnature of the will it is
manifest that decedent was very weak
when he signed the testament, it being
dated but six days prior to his death. The
name O. H. Baker appears in a trembiin?
hand, then follows "Bee Be B. DD. BE
sssssss." The mind that jruided the hard
was doubtless wandering- or the hand,
emaciated from disease, refused to obey
the dictates of the mind and scrawled
on after the -._--■■ was made.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Frank K. Ebntth, a Stock
F. B. Chandler, a merchant of Elmira.
is a guest at the Lick.
Rev. James Cope of Santa Rosa is regis
tered at the Occidental.
F. Leddeke, a CenterrHle school teach
er, is. staying at the Lick.
J. A. M Gowan, a Montana hotel pro
prietor. Is a guest at the Russ.
A. G. Gassen, a San Diego politician,
registered at the Palace yesterday.
L. R. Vance, a contractor of Vallejo, is
among the arrivals at the Occidental.
Carl E. Lindsay, a prominent attorney
cf Santa Cruz, is registered at the Grand.
W. T. B. Roberts and wife of Philadel
phia have taken apartments at the Pal
ace.
J. R. Vaasar, i tor of the G
Etnsa
■ -
Captain Frank Barrett, manager of the
Palo Alto bank, is registered at the lick,
with his wife-
L. A. Rltter and wife of Minneapolis
are registered at the Grand and will make
a tour of the State.
John C. Vaughn of London. England,
who has been —akin? a tour of Mexico,
is a guest at the Grand.
John Rosenfeld, the prominent coal mer
chant and ex-Park Commissioner, has re
turned from New York, where he went on.
business. . .;■', '..: ;
Dr. A. H. Buniaan of Dead wood. S. D.,
surgeon of the First South Dakota Vol
unteers, returned on the Zealandia and Is
on his Tray home. Accompanying him
were Lieutenant G. F. Fast, who has been
invalided, and will go to Beverly. Ohio,
and Charles 8. Deming of Custer, S. D.
CAiUOKNIANS IX NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Feb. X.— A Cailieau of
San Francisco is at the Martin. H. Es
bur? of San Francisco is at the man.
*-_^«
CALirOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— H. C. Smith
of San Francisco is at the Metropolitan.
"William T. Glover of Los Angeles is visit
ing relatives in Washington- James A.
Monroe of San Francisco- is ax the Ra
lei = h - „_
The -Old Grotto."
The "Old Grotto," under the Odd Fel
lows' building at the corner of Seventh
and Market streets, was reopened with
great eclat Saturday evening under the
management of Mr. Edward Oliver as
a first class bar and lunch resort. The
premises are commodious and elegantly
fitted throughout. la addition to tho
entrance on Seventh street, there Is an
entrance through the main hall of tha
Odd Fellows* building on Market street .,
leading directly to a number of private
lecepttoa and card rooms adjoining the
lurcheon buffet. Mr. Oliver has been a
resident of San Francisco for. the past
twenty years and is weU known among'
business and fratejnal circles. •
■ i ■
Concert in Golden Gate Park.
Tfce folio-aria? proeranrme will be rendered at
Golden Gate Park this afternoon, commencing
at : p. m-:
Orertare. "Gazza La-ira.' ' Rossi
"L* Bayadere" from the ballet "Fera
nwrs" .........-»•....-•.---.-•--••-■ Rubinstein
"Goldb*tt Soiree" : Klin?
Waltz "Sisters" Wateteufel
Selection from the "Bohemian Girl" Balfe
Ovrrare. "Preclosa" "Weiwr
Sextet from "Lucia" Dor.iiettl
Fantasia from "Faust".. Dacci
Imersiexzo from "Cavallerta Rustlcaca"..
Mascarnl
•The'Glri of 'S3" Zickel
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedler. Pt999m
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Do.
ccriction Made to Order. TeL Black 1505.
- PAPER DEALERS.
WH 1 AMFTTP PLXP AND PAPER CO«
YTILLAmCIIC 722 Montgomery Str—
PRINTING.
E C HUGHES, m ffiS%^
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
7^ Me PARTRIDGE f^S^.
THE iIiCKS-JIDD CO-, sS£y-»^ar.«.
TYPEWRITERS.
§H|^ All Typewriters Rente!
fe^S3Jw» F « w Partly used . for sa.it ch«*3.
trTl^r » AGENT? SMITH PREMIES.
flflrji™ L. &M. ALEXANDER.
"* — * _ .113 Mostjtosiery »tr»«t.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO,
Fcr<*-» — !=gr Agents and PuWie W»ie!»««. O-:_-
*nl Stcrage. Free aad Graia WareSou*e«. O«».
era! o«k«. CO California it- TeL Main 131*.
; WATCHES. ETC
TI fIVTIV Headquarter* for fine Jewelry sad
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.
Uls«d by the
BLACK PIAMON'^ALJCSWGCa •* It»
S the Be«t Coal In tie Market.
OCic. m* TariU-« «Ui» Sarwt.
910
THE LATEST SPORTING NEWS.
GUNST STAKE
CAPTURED IN
RECORD TIME
A Fast Race Run by
Adolph Spreckels.
OUTSIDERS WIN AT OAKLAND
O'CONNELL EQUALS THE OOAST
RECORD.
Key del Tisrra Wins and Is Bid Up.
Etta H Gallops In at the
Princely Odds of 35
to 1.
Adoiph Spreckels, the- Longfellow-Jennie
Treacy gelding firm the stable of Edward
Corrigan. placed the Gunst stake to the
credit of the Ingleside magnate, at Oak
land track yesterday. At the same time
he reduced the coast record for one mile
and a quarter to 2:06. A condition affair,
with but live facing the issue, Tom
Ryan's Dunois enjoyed the honors of
favoritism in the betting. It was a very
sharp betting race, anu it is probable that
Topmast, Adolph Spreckels, Buckwa and
Roslnante commanded almost as much
support as the favorite. Before post call
It was said Buckwa would run a great
race, and the bay gelding fulfilled ex
pectations. Sent out by Bullman at the
start to make the pace, he set a merry
one, with the riders behind him all hust
ling their mounts along. At the end of a
mile he still maintained a comfortable
lead, with Spreckels and Dunois hot after
him. A furlong from the stand the favor
ite was done, and Spencer, on the Corri
f;an entry, hitched up with Buckwa. The
atter did not falter with his 116 pounds
up, and was only beaten out the last few
strides, failing to land by a neck. Spen
cer, on the winning horse, rode, a superb
race, and was generously applauded by
the big crowd.
It was a disastrous day for favorites
and their following. Of the six choices
selected to win. all proved disappoint
ments but O'Connel and Key del Tierra.
The former has been added to. the list of
coast iecord-holders. In the fifth number
on the card the veteran downed Rubicon
a neck, and rattled off the six furlongs in
l:l2*s, within one-quarter of a second of
the world's record for the distance. The
final race of the day went to Etta H.,
against which odds of 35 to 1 were ob
tainable. .
The sport began with a mild dump. A
sprint over Futurity course with a bunch
of eleven lining up. the well backed Tibu
ron appeared to be winning, when John
ny Reiff on Watossa. an S* pounder and
10 to 1 in the ring, popped out of the field,
winning by a head. Dolore, the first
choice, showed no speed whatever.
Bee Bee. the Burns & Waterhouse entry
in the four furlong scramble for 2-year
olds, was sent to the post a 3 to 2 choice.
She rap with plenty of gameness, but was
outfooted the entire route and beaten half
a length by Bathos, the second choice.
The capture of the mile selling event by
Rev del Tierra turned out a most expen
sive one for Edward Purser, the animal's
owner. The Prince of Norfolk gelding
ruled a 3 to 5 favorite, and in a long, hard
drive, earned the decision over Lost Girl
by a. nose, in 1:401*. Entered to be sold
for $500. the winner was. bid up to $1500
by Al. Martin, trainer of Lost Girl. The
stable then bid the customary 55. retain
ing the horse. , ,
The Rubicon people thought so well of
the big chestnut horse that they bet a
chunk on him to down O'Connell. The
latter with Piggott in the saddle was a
prime facorite. Rubicon ran a grand
race but could never head the veteran,
and in a gruelling drive, was led over
the line less than half a length. Tam
many Hit!! finished third, about six
lengths away. • ; .1-
The one big surprise happened m the
final live furlong sprint. Ed. Gartland.
considered invincible and a 4 to 5 choice,
finished among the "also rans." display-
Ing no speed whatever. Moving up from
fifth place in the stretch turn. Etta H.
pilotea by Gus Wilson, won hands down.
Highland" Ball received tne verdict over
Mainstay for the place.
Y. M. C. A. GYMNASTICS,
The Records of the Monthly Test
Contests Reported to Date.
The monthly eryr -: competition
of the Toons Men's Christian Association
WE MAKE WHEELS, TOO.
G. "W. 3VEII-.1L.E3R,,
Mounted on His Celebrated
ELDREDGE,
Wins the World's Championship for the Fourth Time,
BREAKING ALL PREVIOUS RECORDS,
And He Did It on the Same "Wheel That
Carried Him to Victory
THREE TIMES BEFORE.
HALE and GLUM Took Fourth and Fifth Places.
No Other Wheel Can Show Such a Record.
rr WE WANT AGENTS ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
NATIONAL SEWING MACHINE GO,
BELVIDERE, ILLS.,
EASTERN OFFICE - - - 898 Broadway, New York
CHICAGO OFFICE - - - - - -49 Jackson Boulevard
San Francisco Agency, 1028 Market St.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. Saturday, Feb. 25, 1899.— Fifty-third
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
JAMES A. Mt'RPHY. Presiding Judge.
»qQ FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $3io.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
' %m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
720 Watossa. 3 M 1
713 Tiburon, 3 ■
€92 Midas, a \"i I
66s Ptlver State, a 101 4
704 Dare 11, 5 108J10
624 Juva, 3 SS 2
399 Mocorito. 4 '.'7 11
637 DoJore. 5 MG 3
5?4 Defender, f 101 1
... Jim Brownell, 4 102] 6
329 Roulette Wheel, 4.. &S 8
9 2
4 h
5 hi
lh
10 3
8 h
11
6 %
2 h
3 \t
7 h
c 4
7 1
1 1
5 h
10 2
9 h
11
4 hi
2H
3 h
__ii 4
3 2
2 h
. .1 h
4 »i-
-7 2
9
10
5 2
6 1
5 hi
11
1 h J. Reiff
2 2 Gray
3hi Turner
4Si D«?vin
5 1 ißutter ..'..'..''..
C ' 2 Mounce .......
7 i Hal Brown
•8 hi i:ullman
9 1 \V. Narvaez..
10 Jones I
11 Powell '
10
! 6
15
3
3
4
ho
3
50
I 15
30
10
7
30
9-2
4
6
20
*50
S
75
Time— To >», :214; to hi. :46; last r -s. 1:01; short %, l:ll r -i. Winner. J. G. Brown & Co. s
eh g by imp Watercress-inn'- Aloßsa. Good start. Won first three driving.
Watossa came from the clouds. Gray, on Tiburon. tossed the race away. Midas ran
with much gamenoss. Dare had no «.<iriy speed and was cut oft" in stretch. Juva bauiy
handled. Dolore was afflicted with speed for a panel.
Scratched— Diara 91. Bliss Rucker 10". Xaranja 101. Gold Garter SS, Came v Ml.
"TOO SECOND RACE— Fi.ur furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.'
Hm.
?im.
Str.
Fin.
721 Bathos 11l 2
(70S) Bee Bee 188 4
72! Wir.yah 108 6
(710) Flamora 108 3
703 Tar Hill 103 1
721 Mountebank 103 7
653 El Arte 105 5
710 Champion Rose 95, 8
... Rachel 0 105 1 9
...
.1 1
2 4
4 4
3 4.
6 1
5 £
s
7 4
0
1 >-. Turner j 3 3
2 4 'Th rpe j 1 3-2
3 v Hennessy .... S 7
46~ Bullman 2 16-5
5 1 Powell ' • •
tf> 2 'E. Jones | S 15
7 2 'Ellis ] oH 100
SlO iHouck 30 200
y !L Daly ' 30 100
•Coupled with Flamora. .
Time— V : 24 u. : 4. :4?V Winner, J. J. Moran's eh. c. by imp. Bathampton-Crisis. Good
start Won flnrt three driving.
Bathos outgamed the favorite. Win yah was backed for the show.
-T<>A THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. JiOO.
Betting.
•Op. Cl.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(675) Rev del Tlerra, 5... 1091 5 ■
71S I^ost Girl, 5 99 3
723 Moringa. 4 % 2
706 Espionage. 3 79 4
■ Coda. 6 102! 1
3 4
2 1
1 4
5
4 24
3 1
2 4
1 24
5
4 3
2 n
3 2
1 1
4 2
E
4 3
1 h
3 h
5
Ins ,'Bullman 1 3-5 3-5
2 n I. Powell 6 7
3 2 Devin 4 5
4 6 Hal 8r0wn.... 3 13-2
5 SJones ! 20 40
Time— lfc :2"; K. :50; 3 «. l:l.'4; mile, i:4'}»«. Winner, E. W. Purser's b. h. by Prince of
Korfolk-Haidee. Good start Won first three driving.
Lost I'irl should have won. To her disadvantage she was rated the first part. W lth a
rider up Espionage could have landed the purse.
■TOff FOURTH RATE — One and a quarter miles; three-year-olds and upward; the Gunst
C Ot>« stakes; value. $IJOO.
Index. Horse. Ape. Weight.
St. Std.
\vn. him.
*im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
i Bettine.
:o P . a.
701 Ad. Spreckels, 5. ...106) 3
706 Buckwa, a 116; 1
(712) Dunois, 5 109 4
(706) Topmast. C 107 5
(362) Rosinante. 3 IC4' 2
22
1 1
3 h
5
414
2 1
1 3
3 14
4 4
2 4
1 2
3 1
4 24
t
2 h
1 1
3 3
4 2
_5
2 4
1 h
3 1
4 1
5
I n Spencer
i 1 Bullman
3 4 H. Martin....
•i "• i Thorpe
5 'N. Turner —
3
6
6-3
5
4
8
8-5
3
Tim« — U. :25: 'i. :504; »i. 1:16; mile. 1:40%: 14m. 2:06. Winner. E. Corrigan's br. g.
by Longfellow-Jennie Treacy. Good start. Wan first three driving.
- reckelfl received a ?uperb ride. Buokwa displayed improved form. Too fast for Top-
rr.ar!. R>sinante never looked dangerous.
Scratched — Napamax .
"j^O/> FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling; three-ytar-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Ace. Weight i=t.
Km.
4 m.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
I Bettin?.
Op. Cl.
712 O'Conneil. a 114' 4 ... " 1 1 1 . 114 11 .14 IPiegrott ! 4-5 4-5
723 Rubicon, a MS 3 ... 3 2 33 II 16 Bullman 5-2 2
PanVny Ha.l 11. 4.1-4 2 ... I IV4 -h 3•> 3 1 N. Turner.... 4 9-2
72V Guilder. 4 961 S ... 5 5 43 42 |Gray y> I.V)
6SS Don't S " 4 3 4 2 5 ? H. Mart!n^.J__B 18
. Time— '-» - :48; *». l:l2*£- Winner. Valley Stable's eh. g. by Harry O'Fallon
M.> Kennedy. Good start. Won first three driving:.
O'CoaneU won with all saH» set. liullman. on Rubicon, lost over a length by a wide
turn into str ■
■rOy SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $100.
i
Index. Horse. Age. Weight '.St.
TOT) Etta H. 5 114 3
723 Highland Ball. 4... : - 7
::■: Mainstay, a 103 2
<704) rstda, 4 106! 4
725 Novin. 4 97 1
707 Road warmer. 6 103 5
723 Kd Gait land 11, 4..1C1i «
TO4 Chappie. 5 1031 8
: »m.
'•jm.
I h
6 4
E 2
1 4
4 4
8
4m.
5 2
3 1
2 1
6 4
7 2
1 4
4 1
8
\m.
Str.
* 1
I 4
1 1
5 1
6 1
4 h
7 1
8
Str.
Fin.
Bet tins.
Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1 2 G. Wlson ' 15 20
2ns Bullman j 4 11-2
3 h Thorpe ■ 6 i:i
4 3 [Turner 3 5
5 3 Powell 12 15
6 1 X Jones ! 8 10
7 1 H. Martin... 7-5 4-5
S Devin ?■<) uo
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
Time— v < . - 1:014- Winner, E. E. Edwards' eh. m. by Flambeau-Miss
Hitford. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Etta H must have be«-n imbibing of the elixir of life. She won under reefed sails.
The favorite aj ■:•• a.r---.1 in difficulties from the start.
-c— The l'ride 103, Amelia Fon^o 101. Bonibel S6. Mainbar fL
athletes will take place on Monday even
ing- in the gymnasium of the association.
The records of the preceding tests show
the following scores:
1 Grovsjr.uhl. 2.~5: 2, Dearborn. 251; 3. White,
236*- 4 Brucker. 235; 5. Anderson. :■■'■'■-. 6,
Hetn 177 V T. Irving. 173 V. S. Ruedin. 164: 9.
Bacigralupf. 15S\&; 10, Jenne. 137 Vi: 11. Scott. 137.
12 \dams. 101: 13. Gibson. Walker. ..; 14,
Toohy. ~i^>; 15. Cator, 65: 16. Block. 42; 17.
Gray" id\~: IS. Radius. 37-; 19. Bree. 37: M.
A. Andersen. 33; 21. Gruhm, 27: 22. Hansen, 19.
Alter the March test there will be the
great acrobatic festival in April, at which
the prizes will be distributed for the best
averages in the six months' competition.
YACHTSMEN GETTING READY.
Oakland Canoeists Entertain Friends
on Washington's Birthday.
The carpenters ar- at work upon the
upper floor at the San Francisco Yacht
Club house, partitioning the billiard-room
off from the dance hall. The walls of the
sitting-room and biillard-room will be coy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
! ered with material of some artistic color,
but the decoration of the dance hall will
be left until later.
Over at Tiburon yacht owners are busy
overhauling their craft. P. \V. Hurndail
is at work upon his sloop Merope. and
, the sloop Prkie is being made ready for
the season. E. Donohoe's Speedwell "is up
the Cortc Madera Creek at Larkspur,
where she has been lyin^ during- the win
ter. Commodore «_>r. T. L. Hill's sloop
Crgnus is also at Larkspur.
In Oakland Creek the members of the
California Yacht Club- are engaged in put
ting their craft in prime condition. Com
modore Allen M. Clay's sloop Pactolua is
being put into thorough order, and will
■ be in commission in four or five weeks.
The California? and Corinthians have
set their opening day for April 22. The
launch Aloha, fined by De la Montanya
and Newell, has been added to the Cali
fornia fleet.
The members of the Oakland Canoe
Club entertained their friends on Wash
ington's birthday, at Sessions Basin,
throughout the day, with canoe races.
swimming contests and refreshments for
• the hungry and thirsty. Among those
£ resent were the following: T. S. and
[rs. Bowens. Commodore Philip Caduc,
Fred and Mrs. Wallace, Clyde D. and Mrs.
' Carman. Mr. and Mr?. Curtis. Mr. and
Mrs. J. T. Morrison. Misses Kate and Nell
! Gains. Miss Alice Marchebout. Miss M.
Boy.ens. Miss May Morrison. Kiss Min
nie MMledge. Miss May Fish, Miss
Lanelere, Mi-=« Alice Stewart, Dr. S. H.
Hackett, Howard S. Byxbee. Chester S.
. Myrlck, Charles Stewart. George G. "Wil
liamson. R. B. Ba!n Jr., Edgar Hoag. R.
; V. "Whitney. Messrs. Horline, Broughton,
Rodgers and Marchebout.
To-day the Oakland navy race, post
. poned from February 12. for lack of wind,
will take place, beginning at noon.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the Corinthian Yacht Club to be held
on March 2. a committee will be appointed
to prepare for the opening day.
On Thursday. March 2. the South Bay
I Yacht Club will hold its annual meeting
■ for the election of officers to serve during
j the coming year.
CRICKETERS WAKE UP.
Annual Meetings and Elections Are
Now in Order.
The cricketers are beginning to awake
frcm their winter sleep and bestir them
selves. The Aiameda Club has already
held its annual meeting and has elected
its officers for 1599, and the California
Club has been revived with Walter 8.
McGavin as president. The California^
will have the support of the well-known
bowlers. H. H. Cookson. E. G. Sloman,
Arthur Dickenson and other good crick
eters.
The Pacific Cricket Club will hold its
annual meeting for the election of offi
cers and other business at the Occidental
Hotel on Friday evening. March 3. at 8
o'clock. Freeman's Park. Golden Gate,
being no longer available, the club will
have to select new grounds for the com
ing season. The Pacifies will in all prob
ab*!ity conclude to share the Webster
stre«n grounds in Aiameda with the Ala
meda Cricket Club.
On Monday. March 6, the annual meet
ing of the California Cricket Association
will be held. Three local clubs will be
come members of the association this
year, and it is hoped that the two Lake
County clubs. Burns Valley and Lake
port, "may also come in. The country
cfrubs were much gratified that the Bur
nell prize for the highest bowling aver
age obtained during the season of 19% in
matches played with the sanction of the
association was won by a member of. the
Piacer County Citrus Colony team.
WIIX SWIM AND DIVE.
The management of the Sutro swim
mir.g baihs has arranged the lollowing
bill of aquatic fare for this afternoon:
50- yard dash, novice— Beyf uss. 'H. Mc-
Kenzla. I- Joaaes, J. Heavy, A. Bodlne, J.
BaJayla. ' - ■
l<»-yard dash, juvenile— H. Seebach. R. I>ahl.
F. Clough. V. Fre*cbUe, J. Fagen. E. turn
Suden.
100-yard tub race <? in tub)— Dnran. G.
Adler. G. ClouKh. R- Itehl, H. McKer.rie, £.
McKenrie. V. FreechUe. F. dough. - .
s*-yani race. amateurs— Dougherty. D.
Harris. L. Johnes, K. McKenxie, O. Beyfnsa,
W. EnrUrht.
Trick and fancy springboard diving — E. Mc-
Kcnile. W. DasnanG. O. Schult*. W." Boyle,
E. Lynch. D. McCana.
Trapeze and high dlvirjr— O. Schulte. D. Car
roll. F. Green. A. J. Baker.
CYCLERS STSRT
ON THEIR HARD
DAY'S GRIND
Twenty - Four Hour
Race Now On.
BIG CROWDS SAW THEM OFF
McFARLAND ESTABLISHES A
NEW WORLD'S RECORD.
Downing Wins the Professional Mile
Event and Robinson the Ama
teur — Kid McCoy's Clever
Exhibition of Boxing.
The big- twenty-four hour race is on at
the Mechanics 1 Pavilion. The riders
started at half-past 10 o'clock last night,
and will finish at the same hour this even-
Ing. During all of the time none of the
leaders will dismount from their wheels.
Fifteen men started on the long grind
last night and will keep it up until the
hands of the Pavilion clock have trav
ersed its face twice. They represent all
the crack long-distance riders of the
world.
The starters last night were: Charles
Miller, winner of the recent six-day race,
who hails from Germany: Oscar Aronson,
of Swedern who finished second; Frank
Waller of Alameda, Burns W. Pierce of
Nova Scotia, John Lawson of Sweden;
James \V. Nawn, Ireland; Teddy Hale,
CHAMPION MAC'S MELODY
THIS handsome greyhound. Mai's Melody, by Border Ruffian-Brilliant, won
the Ingk'skk' Coursing Clttb'a cup in grand style last Wednesday from a
rind of forty competitors. She is the property of Bartells Brothers of Den
ver. Colo., who refused $1000 for the bitch after her groat victory. Mac's
Melody 'was nobly handled and cared for by William McGibbon of Fruitvale,
Alameda.
Ireland: Oscar Julius, Sweden: Freder
icks of Switzerland; Charles Turvil'.e of
Philadelphia: Earl D. Stevens, Buffalo;
John Chapman. Georgia: Tom Bart a!-:- .
Boston; Charles W. Ashinger. New York;
H<-nry W. Pilkington. Ireland.
Those who entered but did not start
were Charles A. Kraft and W. G. Furman
of California, who were sr\Ul to be .'.f
(Hcted v.ith frigid pedal extremities ai the
last moment.
"Dutch" Waller, the pride of the Acme-
Club of Oakland, took the iead on the
first lap. but was soon supplanted by Mil
ler, who set a hot pace and kept the
bunch going at a rattling clip. The men
werv soon lined out in Indian file ar.d this
order was kept up for a considerable
The men rode the first five miles in 12.28.
each mile being ridden at a 2:3) gait.
Teddy Hale quit after the first five miles.
saying that the pace was too fast for
him. Lawson gave it up at ten miles.
The rest of the men kept up the
steady grind mile after mile, and will
keep it up for the balance of the ourney.
Two short-distance events were run off
early in the evening. In the first heat
of the mile handicap, professional, the
order at the finish was C. S. Wells. Iver
Lawson. G. A. Wyman. Teddy Goodman
won the second heat. E. Leonart second.
Hardy Downing third. These six com
peted in the final. Goodman quit when
the race was half over, and Lawson sat
up on the sixth lap. Downing, from fif
teen yards, crawled up gradually on the
leaders, and won as he pleased from
Wells, in 2:06. Leonart was third.
Henri Foumier furnished a novelty in
a half-mile exhibition on a petroleum tri
cycle, riding it in 1:06. Fournier states
that the machine is much in vogue in
Paris with ladles and children.
The starters in the final of the mile
handicap, amateur, were: A. Siegfried,
Raiph Robinson. Arthur Davidson. Yv . B.
LongwiU. H. D. Bean. H. D. Ames and E.
MrXe«s Russ. White and W. Dav.dsen
fell In the first heat, but were unhurt.
Robinson used good head work in the
final, taking the lead on the sixth lap and
winning handily. Ames was second and
McNess third.
Floyd A. McFarland of San. Jose, the
California champion, established a new
world"s indoor record beh»"d Fournier's
machine, riding a mile in 1:50. It was the
prettiest exhibition ride of the entire
meet.
Kid McCoy, the celebrated boxer, gave
an exhibition of bag-punching which
proved highly interesting. Experts pro
nounced Kirn the best bag-puncher they
had ever seen. His quickness was simply
marvelous, and toward the end he hit the
bag so hard that he knocked it completely
from its hangings.
THE CALL BICYCLE CHART
Mechanics' Pavilion, Saturday Evening, February 25,
1899. Thirteenth Evening of the Winter
Season of Bicycle Racing.
EVENTS.
Won By
Second.
Tlm«,
One - mile Handicap. { j
Professional — I . ' I .-'
" Flr«t heat..... •IC S. Wells OOf ) ... Tver Lawson f») ... ;
Second heat Teddy Goodman (5)... E. Lecnart <») i
- FTX\i. HEAT..... iHardr Downlar ■:'>.. iC. S. Wells (1C0)..'.
. Wjmaa (M Mi .
.Downlag(l3)| :.a
. Leocart <M>l I"W
Half - mile Handicap, j
Ft0Th«5t7.......... ...'Ja^ Siegfried «1J) .W. B. L<>nswill (73).. E. F. Ross <s) 'MM
Second heat R- Robinson {«).... .... H. B. Dean (TO) E. McNess(l«o){ Mi '
Thtrd heat " Arthur Davidson <5C>.. H. D. Amw C 0 —.. .. M_ Cook •::.. ; : 44
FIXALHEAT ...Ik. Robinson <»> H. D/Anti «5). E. MOwsUOO)! 2:U
On«-half mile exhibition by Fournier on
One mile exhibition by the California w
I machis-:" .......j 1:05
t champion, Floyd A. McFsriaadl 1^»
COURSING THAT
WAS CONSIDERED
PAR EXCELLENCE
100 Dogs That Ran at
Ingleside.
WINNERS WILL MEET TODAY
A FOUR MINUTE EACE THAT
PUMPED GOOD DOGS.
Great Preparations Have Been Made
to Receive the Big Crowd That
Will Witness the Cham
| pionship Finals.
Notwithstanding a sharp north "wind
that brought tears to the eyes of those
who witnessed the run-down of the great
one hundred dog stake meeting yesterday
at Ingleside Coursing Park, the crowd
at the pleasure grounds was as large as
on any previous day when a particularly
classic event was announced. Those who
paid attention to the remarks made in
The Call of yesterday regarding the prob
able short ends in the run-down saved
many dollars, as there were nine short
enders who figured as winners of the
number stated in the report.
The hares yesterday ran with great
ftrt-ngth and s-peed, as may be imagined
from the following times that were taken
by Timekeeper McHugh. In the race be
tween Mins Grizzle and Eclipse the time
of the course was one minute and three
seconds. The race between Flashlight
and Mohawk lasted one minute and twen
ty-live seconds. The race between Mas-
ter Mat and Hotstuff lasted three minutes
and rtftv seconds.
The race between Black Chief and Miss <
Alice lasted 4 minutes 1 second. The race
between Montana and Jenny Wilson last
ed 2 minutes 31 seconds, and the race be- j
tveen Victor Queen and Little Joker last
ed ! minute and S seconds.
The coursing to-day should be the most ;
exciting of any meeting heretofore held
En the park, because of the fact that the i
grandest performers in the country will
meet in the s«lips. The sport will' com
mence promptly at 10 o'clock, and those
who miss seeing the five courses on the
head of the card will certainly regret the
fact of their being detained elsewhere, as
the dogs are considered so well matched '
that only the lucky guessers can call the
turn.
Judging from the way the long tails
ran yesterday, the "flyers" who should
capture the winning colors in the first
': round of the stake are: Eclipse. Motto,
Luxor. Petronius. Marietta. Mountain
Beauty. Royal Duke. Tea Rose. Law
rence. Clifton Lass. Magdaliah. Fear Not,
Jenny Wilson. Billy Gladstone. Maud S, !
Mystic Maid. Lottie M. Commodore Nash, '
Fedora. Rosebud, Glen Chloe and Rocket.
This was the order in which the dogs
ran yesterday in the run-down of the big
stake:
Open stake. 88 dogs, prizes tIOO. $70, |43, three
at $35. two at $2", eleven at 113, twenty-two
at J7 60. Result of the run-down— beat
Miss Grizz'.e, score 18—11: Twin City Girl beat
Scarfpln, 4—l: Black Hawk beat Richmond
Queen. 14— 8; Motto beat Scout. 6 — »; L. S. Con
ley beat Light foot. 7 — Luxor beat Tod Sloan,
s—l:5 — I: Petronius beat Sir John Arnrt, 3 — l; Bril
llantine beat Capadura. s—l: Marietta beat
Royal Oak, S— 7; Blacklock beat Fireball. 6—3:
Mohawk beat Flashlight, 13—9: Mountain
Beauty 4>eat Mystic, 4 — o; Royal Duke beat
Silkwooxl 4—7; Hct Stuff beat Master Mat,
13— 7: Tea Rose beat Rocklin Belle. 5— 2: Black
Chief beat Miss Alice. 24— Lawrence beat
lowa Boy. 5— 3: Pastime beat Bit of Fashion.
-7—l: Clifton Lass beat Martha Washington.
— 0; Nellie B beat Dauntless. 7—2; Seldom
beat Blue Violet. 13—9: Magda'.lah beat Armagh
Lass. 6—3: -Decency beat Prince of Fashion.
7—3: Fear Not beat Kerry Cow. — ; Statesman
beat Tullamore, 6—o; Jenny .Wilson beat Mon
tana. 56—5: White Tin beat Hadiw:st. — 6:
BUly Gladstone beat Benicla Boy. «— i: Mag
neto beat Arab. s—o:5 — 0: Maud S beat Hummer.
4—3; Royal Prize beat Matchless. 4—2; Mystic
Maid a bye: Lottie M beat Dolly Varden. »— 0:
Depend on Me beat Semlnole. 32 — Commo
dore Nash beat Lady Emma. 11 — Las Palmas
bent Granval*. 7—l: Sunburst heat Star Pointer
5 — Fedora beat Sylvia. S— s; Rosebud beat
John W, — •: Prince George beat Senortta,
4— Glen Chloe beat Woodbyne. 14—0; Victor
Queen beat Little Joker. IS—?: Rocket beat
American Eagle. s—l; Belle of Moscow beat
Flying Faster. 5—2.
Sapling rtak*. result— Farah Curren beat Ada,
score 21 — I; Lexington beat Racine, ; Mamie
ADVEBTISEMENTS^___
1899 BLUB STREAK
..TRIBUNE..
BICYCLES,
ALWAYS HAVE BEEN KNOWN TO BE 6000 BICYCLES.
. POPULAR PRICES $40 and %° 5
Racers- • $50
. A?so"f«s"d ce s S rvice'abl c wheel 'Ifuiiy guara'n^ e d»::..525
OLD BICYCLES TAKEN IN EXCHANGE.
All the World's MO6-. records from 3to ■ The^ forest T e RIBONE |n 1:493-5 by
15 rolles broken by H.OTD MeFABLAND 00 / L OYD McFABLAND. on January 29. 1899.
f "The?r7bV^iSeaSi«blcvcLe in THE WORLD.
JOE HOLLE, 20th and Folsom Sts.
Pleasant beat Robert Emmet. 8-6 ; I<r wa Maid
beat The Prince. IS-0; Rnwena beat Sir Roth
we ll s— l; Cash Day heat Bald Kagle, •>— -
BIG ANNUAL STAKES.
Crack Hounds Course at Union Park
for Challenge Cups.
The first rounds of the great John Grace
and Belle Brandon Challenge Cup Stakes
were run off yesterday at Union Park, un
der the auspices of the Interstate Cours
ing Club.
The results of the first rounds are as
follows:
Belle Brandon stake-H.H. Gray s Terronette
beat Roy C. Scott's Rock Island King, E. »*
meister's Winning Ways beat H. M. R «- a £ ey 8
Olympia; D. J. Healy's Granada beat R.E.de
B. Lopez's St. Anthony; D. J. Healy a Masg ; e
N beat E. Baumeister's Warrior; D. J. *ie»»| 9
Amaryllis beat R. E. de B. Lopez Wanda;
Al Austin-s Firm Foe beat I. F. Halton *"•> •
John Perigo's Bone beat Roy C. Scott's Miss
Richmond; John Perigo's Lady Davenport beat
D. Winder's Village Belle: Roy C. ScoUs-Miss
Rabbit beat I. F. Halton's Flame; C. C.Gris
wold's Graztella beat J. H. ~ Harrison s Hot
Haste: I. F. Halton's Lavender beat John
Perlgo's Pretty Girl: R. E. de B. Lopez's Tf on-,
der beat H. H. Gray's Rona;John Perigo s
Controller beat T. Hall's Rough Rider.
John Grace Challenge Cup stake— Dennis &
Porter's Interesting beat Frank & Parsons
Kitty Scott; J. H. Rosseter's Emln Pasha beat
E. Baumeister's O'Grady; J. H. Rosseter's
Rollicking Airs beat John Perigo Belle Sew
ard; E. M. Kellosr's Old Glory beat T. J.
Cronin's Wild Tralee: T. J. Melnernys Tommy
Rex beat T. J. Cronin's Maid of Bail; Lowe i
Thompson's St. Oran beat Taylor & Maxwell 3
Beauty Spot: Daly & Siebens The Exile beat
Roy C Scott's Victor King; E. & R. Scott
Lord Byron beat John Eagan's Mayflower; T.
Butler's Susie beat F. McComb's Flush; J. H.
Ro«eter's For Freedom beat Curtis & Son s
Cavalier; I. F. Halton's Tic Tac beat George
Van Bergen' s One Spot; J. J. Edmonds Morn
ing Glory beat Curtis & Son's Commodore;
Edward Evan's Hurricane beat M. Kavanagh's
Swedish- J. H. Rosseter's Metallic beat Al Aus
tin's War Cloud: George Whitney's Theron
beat C. L. Applebys Clare B; .Bartels Bros
Mac's Melody beat Roy C. Scott's Rock and
Boy Taylor & Maxwell's Wild Lassie beat R.
K. ' Malcolm's Van Cloie; R. E. de B Lopez's
Minneapolis beat Ed R. . Smith's Mountain.
Belle: James P. Thrift's Forget beat S. B.
Portal' Gallagher: T. J. Mclnerny's Regina
beat John Kerrigan's LaJla Rookh: F. Moran 3
False Flatterer beat Handy & Smith's Victor;
J Keenan's Royal Buck beat R. K. Malcolm s
Pretender: T. J. Mclnerny's Rosie beat R. E.
deß Lopez's Green Valley Maid: H. F. Ander
son's Crawford Braes beat E. M. KelloJ? ? lowa
Girl- D. J. Healy' Rusty Gold beat J. Sheas
Young America; F. Moran'? Golden Russet beat
Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair: F. McComb's
Royal Flush beat T. J. Mclnerny's Johnnie R:
T J Cronins Thornhill beat Handy & Smith 9
Ida: Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal beat F.
Moran's BtMDWhot: T. Bane's Wait a Little
beat J: H. Rosseter's Miller's Rabble: James
Dean's Gladiator beat E. M. Kellog s Xii Mc-
Coy: J. H. R/ss.«eter's Firm Friend beat James
Dean's Moondyne.
After For Freedom had won his course
a lameness was noticed in his walk, due
no doubt to a" temporary 'train. Rosse
ter's great dog has been picked as the
most probable winner, but this discovery
may change the outcome.
Handball and Polo.
Th<> contests for the interclub handball
trophy, presented by A. Hoffmann, are
progressing at the Olympic Club.
The water polo championship is still
being fought out by the Pollywogs and
ADVERTISEMENTS. - '.
DR MEYERS & CO.
ARE SUCCESSFUL
SPECIALISTS.
They Cure All Diseases and Weak-
ness of Men.
The history of medicine has never chronicled a record equal to that of
Dr. Meyers & Co.'s great medical institution. The unparalleled success of
the=e eminent specialists in curing not only ordinary but the most complicated
and chronic cases of nervous debility, lost vitality, wasting weakness, etc.
contagious and other troubles, has been attracting widespread attention for
many years.
Natural "talents, careful study, long experience, together with the most
effective remedies, methods and appliances, have enabled Dr. Meyers & Co.
to gain and maintain a position far in the lead of all competitors and imita-
tors. They give new life. hope, strength and courage annually to an army of
men who were once miserable mentally and physically.
/**
ESTABLISHED 1881. MOST EXTENSIVE PRACTICE IN AMERICA.
As many incompetent and irresponsible doctor?, and stimulating appliance
concerns are taking money without curing their patients (or victims). Dr.
Meyers & Co. do business on the plan of
WST NO PAY TILL CURED. ,J^|
"We have such faith in our ability that we will let patients deposit the price of
a cure in any bank or with any responsible business house or newspaper in San
Francisco, to be paid to us only whet cure is made, or we wilt accept month ,
. payments if preferred. DR. MEYERS & CO."
Failing powers, loss of vital force, etc . which hare been brought on by youth-
ful errors or excesses' in after life, overwork or worry.- and all contracted ailnseris,
including malignant contagious blood poisons, at any stage, come under this ofef-
Home Cures- Free Advice. Private Book.
r,k If you cannot call, write for free book for men only, advice and treats
on any disease. All letter? confidential. Xo printing on envelopes or pack-
life? cVNSULTATIO ce x O FFeER e EE er ' Prices reasonable AH cures as lasting as
K*C. \-«UJS^L..L.I..Ai.ICjr\ FREE. MBMMWffI
DR. MEYERS CO., 731 »°«~^7:^ o .
TAKE ELEVATOR. • H «™ Bt* 5 iiilj. Irni^gt 7U 3. 6utf»Tl 9 U 11.
Bullfrogs. Last Wednesday evening thf.
second game was played between these
two teams in the presence of a consider
able number of ladies, the Pollywogs win
ning by a score of 4 to 0.
At 215 p. m. to-day the Olympic base
ball nine, champions of the Cycle Leagu«,
will play against the Golden Gate teaan,
champions of the Pacific Coast Minor
League for the amateur baseball cham
pionship of the State at Recr&tion Park.
BASEBALX CHAMPIONSHIP.
The Olympic Club baseball team an<l
the Golden Gates will meet to-day at
Recreation Park for the amateur base
ball championship of the coast. The line
up will be as follows:
Olympics. Positions. Golden Gates
McLean Pitcher Russell
James Catcher Read
Follinsbee First base Nealon
Butler Second base Carroll
Fuller Third base Welch
O'Kane  Shortstop Kelly
Cosgrove Left field..' Barry
Cnrtwright Center field Beaton
Webber Right field Walters
Handball at Ryan's Court
Professor Riordon, manager of Phil Ry
an's handball court, at 858 Howard street,
has 1 programmed seven games for to-day.
Among the players listed are Nealon and
Bonnet against Linehan and Hampton.
This quartet comprises some of the best
players in Ryan's court, and when pitted
against each other as in this case soma
exceptionally good work may be looked
for.
Riordon and White will play Kilgallon
and Maloney, and on the whole the en
tries for to-morrow's play are above the
average. Following is the programme:
D. Rodgers and M. McNeil vs. I*. Carraine
and G. McDonald; W. Hassell and B. Clements
vs. T. Clements and E. Antron; E. Barry and
J. Klrbv vs. D. Regan and W. Hamilton; J.
Condon "and G. Smith vs. A. McVicker and T.
Leach P. Ryan and J. Lawless vs. J. Dowlinsj
and M. McLaughlin; J. Riordon and J. White
vs. M. J. KUeallon and E. Maloney; J. C.
Nealon and T. F. Bonnet vs. R. Linehan and
A. Hampton.
Among the Dog Fanciers.
The English setter Gleane's Ruth was
caught in the snow blockade east of the
Rockies and was over eight days in
reaching her destination. It speaks well
for the bitch's condition that she should
have arrived in good health.
The Pacific Fox Terrier Club meets on
Tuesday next to decide on the special
prizes for the May bench show.
The California Collie Club offers two
silver and two bronze medals for the
same event.
Cyclist Aronson Arrested.
Oscar Aronson, the long distance cy
clist was arrested yesterday on a war
rant charging him with intent to defraud
his trainer. "King" Ryan. He was re
leased on $230 bonds without being put
to the indignity of being placed In a cc.l.
Some fine old Violins at low prices at
Mauvais 1 , 769 Market street. *HIS SPIRIT AND HIS
SONG WILL LONG ENDURE
Mourning Friends Follow
Remains of Dan O'Con
nell to Their Last
Resting Place.
BOHEMIANS BID FAREWELL TO THEIR POET BROTHER.
rt^HE friends of the late Dan O'Con-
: \ I nell paid last tribute of mourning to
'.".■•;.' I •: his memory yesterday, when the
■"•."■.:•■' poet's lifeless clay was laid at rest in
; itrre vault at Calvary Cemetery. The unl
' '. VpTsal esteem and love in which the de
" pal-ted was held was evinced un
.'•• -demonstratively and sadly. Few men,
• ihtieed. rich, poor <~ir famous, have
•been f< llowed to the sepulcher by
'b.o, large a gathering of citizens
prominent in the social, llt?r,xry,
financial and political affairs of San Fran-
Many Individuals who are num
|M red among the millionaires marched
sorrowfully over the rough cobblestones
re the remains.
By the side of the man of millions trudged
the artist, the musician and the business
ral procet-.-' □ was an em
• ration that
re Dan O'Connell will
"endure after death."
For several hours before the last rites cf
the church were read the body lay in
in the green room of the Bohemian
beautiful
9 covered with rare and beauti
ful flowers, nearly all of which were sent
■ -mou <=ly. Covering the casket and
to the floor was a grandly be.au
:>a!> of orchids and maiden hair
- a^aiust th»- bier were ex
-3 of laurel, tube roses, vio
PRESENTED "EVANGELINE."
Longfellow's Poem as a Tableau in
Aid of the Native Daughter's
Home.
: - sei • Ltl n f "Evangeline" in
■ Native Sons' H*il last night by members
ella Parlor in aid of tho Na
tive Daughters' Home, was a literary
which was enhanced by twenty-one
tableaux illustrative' of the beautiful poem
by Longfellow. This was read by Miss
Clara K. Wlttenmeyer, Miss Marian Ber-
MiFP Rose Cohen and Miss L. O-'Keefe.
ax were arranged with faith
less to the toxt by A. F. Schlelcher, a
■member of Stanford Parlor of the Native
Those who took part in these were:
Evangelln< Mrs. Charles Boldemann;
•■ -Gabriel. Will Fenstermacher: Benedict,
E. J. Nye; Basil. Charles A. Bolde
■ -mann; Notary, J. R. Lafontalne; Fiddler.
Mr Mcßrlde; the priest, M. Ryan; vil
—Mrs. Wiikins. cousin to Long
■ ; Miss Helen Bello. Miss Minnie
Klevesahl, Mrs. Nichols, Mi«s F. Roth
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkenness Cured
It Is Now Within the Reach of
Every Woman to Save
the Drunkard.
A TRIAL PACKAGE FREE.
The Remedy Can Be Given in Tea,
Coffee op Food, Thus Absolutely
and Secretly Curing the
Patient in a Short
.:. : . . . Time Without His
Knowledge.
; " ■" This cure for Drunkenness has shed a
" 'radiance into thousands of hitherto deso-
■ late firesides. It does its work so silently
•'• 'knd surely that while the devoted wife,
' lister or daughter looks on, the drunkard
• -is reclaimed even against his will and
'•without his knowledge or co-operation.
■The discoverer of this grand remedy. Dr.
• Jlainea, will send a sample of the remedy
•free-to ail who will write for it. Enough
•'"■ wf 'the remedy is mailed free to show how
■ ; It is' used in tea. coffee or food and that
1t will cure the dreaded habit quietly and
• ; t>ermanentlv. Send your name and ad-
dress to Dr J. W. Haines. 1037 Glenn
" • BiH'lding. Cincinnati. 0., enclosing six
cenfs-ln stamps to cover postage and he
will mai! a free sample of the remedy to
• you securely scaled in a plain wrapper.
also-full directions how to use it. books
and testimonials from hundreds who have
' been, cured, and .everything neoded to aid
ng those near and dear to you
' "from a life of degradation and ultimate
!•" poverty aid disgrace.
''Bend for a free trial to-day. It will
'..' prlghten the rest of your
frONICHT!
; ' APPEARANCE OF
KIDMcCOY.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
THIS Sunday AFTERNOON
AND NIGHT.
Doitnc prc.Rress of the 24 hour cycle race.
All the champion cyclists are entered.
The World Famous McCOY
ING.
Two Star Attractions for One Admission-
S,-ats— Pavilion and Emporium.
ADMISSION 50 CENTS
lets and other pretty flowers, all silent,
pathetic love tokens for an absent broth
er. Hundreds of Bohemians came to have
a last look at the calm features which in
life had beamed kindly and genially on
all. One aged club man gazed tearfully
at the face of his departed friend, and as
he turned away murmured with tremu
lous voice: "Dan is not dead. His kindly
spirit will be always with us until we all
meet beyond."
At 10 o'clock the funeral cortege left the
Bohemian Club and proceeded to St.
Mary's Cathedral. First came the hearse,
on either side of which walked the pall
l'. arers— William Berg. Dr. Jerome A.
Hughes, F. W. Croudace, James B. Gill.
F. J. Schuyler. T. F. Meagher. Captain
Smith. George T. Knox. Captain Nat Mes
ser. Frank Cummins and Alexander
Gunn. Immediately after the carriage
containing the O'Connell family came 150
memhers of the Bohemian Club.
A large crowd awaited the cortege at
the cathedral The solemn strains of the
"Dead March Fnm Saul" filled the holy
edifice as the funeral procession entered
. issed down to the altar, where the
casket was placed on a raised dais. The
■ el and altar were appropriately dec
orated in black and white, and the cele
brants of the requiem mass wore the
usual funeral vestments.
The choir feelingly sang Wilcox's re
quiem mass and Cherubini's "Veni
Creator" was rendered at the of
fertory. R. J. Harrison directed
the musfc. and H. J. Stewart pre
sided at the organ, . The choir members
are Miss Katherine Black, soprano: Miss
Julie Sullivan, contralto; David Manlloyd,
man. Emil Boldemann. Mr. Lewis; chil
dren—Cecil Cowles. Jennie Weggins, Elmo
L. Boldemann, Lillian Fowler; Shawnee
woman. Mrs. Nichols.
Prior to the reading Mrs. Carrie Fen
stermacher. president of the parlor, in
troduced Mrs. W. S. Leake, who deliv
ered an address on the home.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
UITLANDERS— A.. French Camp, Cal.
Uitlander is the name that is applied by I
the Boer? in Africa to foreigners, and it |
means outlanders.
ONE OF IS36— G. G. 8., Confidence, Tuo- !
lumne County, Cal.: A $5 piece of 1836 does i
not command a premium, nor does any
coined subsequent to 1834.
NOT PREMIUM COINS— H. McF., Fol- i
som, Cal., and A Reader, City. None of '
j the coins described in your letter of in
| qulry command any premium. A $5 plecs
I of 1835 is not a premium coin.
WAGES— J. 8., Gualala. Cal. Without i
a knowledge of the manner of payment J
of wages of a firm or corporation, it is j
impossible to answer a question as to >
whether an employe must take a time '
check or can insist on a demand for cash.
It depends upon the custom of the party i
| paying the wages.
THE OPERA— L. A., City. A girl who
is pretty, well advanced in music, but is I
without knowledge of the requirements ;
of the stage— that is, one who has not had i
training for the operatic stage — would
have but a poor show to obtain a position
with an operatic company, unless it was
in the chorus. Did she in that position |
| develop unusual talent and aptitude for
the operatic stage she would be taken ;
from the ranks and advanced.
HAWAIIAN DEBT LAW— A. S., City.
The law of the Hawaiian Islands in re- j
gard to debt still holds good. A person
on the islands, even a stranger, can obtain
credit, but as long as he owes a dollar he
is not permitted to leave the island on
which he is. If a man gets hopelessly in
debt there he may as well make up his
| mind that he will have to pass the balance
: of his days on the island unless he strikes
It rich and is able to settle with his cred
itors.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA— A., French
Camp. Cal. The executive officers of the
District of Columbia are three Commis
! sioners, John B. Wright, J. W. Ross and
: Captain Lansing H. Beach, who are un
} der the direct legislation of Congress for
i the levying and disbursement of taxes, ■
, and for all public improvements. Justice |
is administered by a Supreme Court hay- ,
' ing six Judges and a Police Court with
I two Judges. The citizens do not have a
j vote in either district or national affairs.
! POSITIONS FOR WOMEN— L. A., City.
j Positions for women in the Custom-house
j and the Postoffice are under civil service
; rules, and application must be made at i
; rach department. Positions in the Free
j Public Library of San Francisco are un
; der the direction of the trustees. Appli
i cants must papp an examination to dem
! onstrate fitness for the several positions.
| Other positions in the City Hal! of San
i Francisco are not at this time under civil
service rules.
PROPERTY IN HOLLAND— A. E. S.,
City. If. a person in the city of San Fran
cisco has a claim to property in Holland
' and ia a Hollander ho can obtain all the
' information he may desire in relation to
j the matter by calling on the Consul for
; the Netherlstnds in the city named, but if j
I he is a citizen of the United States he
would have to communicate with the rep
resentatives of the United States in that I
] country. If 8 claim to an estate is not
I presented within thirty years, then the
I property passes to tho Government.
GREATER NEW YORK— A., French
! Camp. Cal. Greater New York, as con- j
solidated, is called the City of New York.
It comprises the county of Kings, the
county of Richmond. Long Island City,
< die towns of Newton. Flushing and Ja
maica and the westerly portion of the
town of Hempsted in tho county of
I Queens. The city is divided into five bur
• oughs namely: Manhattan, the Bronx, j
1 Brooklyn, Queens and Richmond. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1899.
tenor, and S. J. Sandy, basso. Father
Ramm was the celebrant of the mass, as-
Bisted by Father J. B. Hannigan, deacon,
and Father Philip O'Ryan, subdeacon.
Very Rev: J. Prendergast, vicar gen
eral, was master of ceremonies. Fathers
Valentin! and Varsi of Sausalito were
within the chancel during the service.
The burial service at the cemetery was
impressively read by Father Valentini.
Mr. O'Connell's old pastor. Just as the
reverend father's last words were pro
nounced. President J. A. Thompson of
the Bohemian Club stepped forward and
with expressive sincerity said:
"There are many of us present who are
not content to take a last look at our
departed friend without an attempt to
express the thoughts that rise in our
hearts and fill our souls on this solemn
occasion. For the first time in our lives
we are In sadness and grief and in down
heartedness with Daniel O'Connell. It
would seem as if to us and to those for
whom I speak he was singularly the gift
of an All Wise Creator to lift our hearts
and our souls out of the rut and routine
of our daily lives. With gifts of imagina
tion and fancy, with earnestness of pur
and spirit of comradeship, ho has
been for twenty-seven years supreme in
our midst as one of the most loving, one
of the most encouraging, one of the most
friendly of men. Let us hope, under a
beneficent Providence., that he is amid the
fields and flowers and songs he loved so
well and that we may join him there. Let
my cluing- words be: 'Pan", let love en
dure aXter death:' "
And all that Is mortal of Dan O'Connell
was laid at rest.
Legislature consists of two houses and
a Board of Aldermen of sixty members;
the judiciary consists of seven Justices
of the Municipal Court, twenty-three city
Magistrates and ten Justice's of tho Court
of Special Session. The general executive
administration is in the hands of a num
ber of departments and two great ex
ecutive boards exercise supreme control
of the general administration of the city
and all Its buroughs.
J HOLLAND— A. E. S., City. Wilhelmina
! Helena Pauline Maria is the Queen of the
i Netherlands, or Kingdom of Holland; W.
I H. de Beaufort, Premier and Minister of
; Foreign Affairs; H. Goeman Borgesius,
! Minister of the Interior; J. T. Cremer,
Minister of the Colonies; P. W. A. Cort
: van der Linden. Minister of Justice; N. G.
! Pierson. Minister of Finance; K. Eland,
Minl=ttr of War; J. J. A. Roell. Minister
of Marine, and C. Lely. Minister of Wa
terways, Commerce and Industry.
DIVORCE NOT REQUISITE— W. M.
| S., Pope's Valley, Cal. It is not requisite
; that a wife should sue her husband for
i divorce because he fails to provide her
! with the necessaries of life. If a husband
j neglects to make adequate, provision lor
1 his wife, except in a case where she aban
! dons him. she can make application to
I any person to supply her with articles
' necessary for her support and such per
son may recover the reasonable value
thereof "from the husband.
MAJORITY AND PLURALITY— A..
! French Camp, Cal. A majority of votes
i is more than one-half of the whole num
ber cast. Plurality in United States poli
tics is the number by which the votes
! cast for the candidate who receives the
j greatest number exceed the votes cast for
the candidate who receives the next
greatest number, when there are more
I than two candidates and no one candidate
receives a "majority. If Brown receives
I 5000 votes, Jones 4000 and Robinson 3000 i
neither has a majority of the 12,000 votes i
cast, but Brown has a plurality of 1000
over Jones. In most of the States of the
Union a plurality elects, but in Connecti
cut and Rhode Island, if no candidate
(as for Governor) fails to receive a ma
jority, the election goes to the Legisla
ture.
SMOKING— Puffs, Oakland, Cal. The
question, "Is it improper for a man to
smoke in the presence of ladies or of a
lady?" is one that has been the subject
of a great deai of discussion. There are
many who contend that it is highly Im
.proper to smoke in the presence of the
fair sex; there are many who half believe
that it is improper, yet they smoke all the
. same when in the presence of a lady or
of ladies, and there are a great many who
neither know nor care whether it is prop
er or not. Possibly the best answer was
that given by a lady when asked by a
gentleman who was about to light a cigar
if smoking was offensive to her. It was:
"I do not know, for no gentleman ever
smoked in my presence."
MONEY ORDERS— Subscriber, City.
I Russia Is not included in the countries
that exchange with the United States in
the matter of postal money orders. There
are now in operation postal conventions
for the exchange of money orders between j
the United States and. the following coun- j
tries: Switzerland, Great Britain and Ire
land. Germany, France. Italy. Canada and
Newfoundland. Jamaica, New South
Wales, Victoria, New Zealand, Queens- •
land, Cape Colony, the Windward Isl- !
ands, the Leeward Islands, Belgium, Por
tugal, Tasmania. Hawaii, Sweden, Nor
way, Japan, Denmark. Netherlands,
Dutch East Indies, the Bahamas, Trini
dad and Tobago, British Guiana, republic
iof Honduras. Austria and Hungary,
i Hongkong. Salvador. Bermuda, Luxem
burg and South Australia.
Upon receiving an international money
order from the issuing postmaster the j
remitter must send it, at his own cost, to '
the payee, if the latter resides in Canada. '
Great Britain and Ireland, Queensland,
Cape Colony, France and Algeria, New
j Zealand, New South Wales, Victoria. Tas
mania.- Hawaii, Jamaica, Leeward and •
Windward islands and Constantinople.
Bahamas, Trinidad and Tobago and Brit- ;
Ish Guiana. Hongkong, Bermuda and
South Australia. Rates and regulations
regarding money orders for Hawaii,
Cuba. Porto Rico and United States pos
sessions in the Philippines will be rcvis<Mi
j on the consummation Of pending negotia- 1
1 tions. I
PERSONAL PROPERTY
OF NATIONAL BANKS
NOT A SUBJECT OF TAXATION
BY THE STATE.
Important Decision by the United
States Circuit Court of the
Northern District of
California.
National banks are not liable to State
taxation on personal property belonging
to them. Such is the gist of a decision
handed down yesterday by Judge de
Haven, sitting in the United States Cir
cuit Court.
The decision was in the case of the
City and County of San Francisco against
the" Crocker- Woolworth National Bank of
San Francisco, to recover $7,734 64 taxes
and interest alleged to be due by the bank
for the year 18S6 on personal property.
The bank interposed a demurrer to the
complaint, setting up the contention that
personal property of national banks Is
not a subject of taxation by the State.
Judge de Haven's decision sustains the
demurrer and gives judgment for the de
fendant with costs.
In passing upon the demurrer the court
said that Congress has declared that the
real property of national banks shall be
subject to State, county and municipal
taxation, and that the shares in any
such association shall be assessed as other
personal property to the owner or holder
of such shares. The effect of the statute
Is to exempt personal property belonging
to national banks from direct assessment
and taxation by the State— that Is. per
sonal property cannot be directly assess
ed to them by the State for the purpose
of taxation.
SCORE AT THE BICYCLE RACES.
The number of miles covered by the
contestants in the twenty-four hour bi
cycle race at 1:23 a. m. was as follows:
CONTESTANTS.
Miller
Waller
Pierce .
Laiviion
Xawn ...............
Julian •
Fredericks
Turville
Stevens
Chapman ............
Anhlnger
PilUlngrton
65
65
«5
<;s
65
66
65 .
«5
65
65
«5
65
r.i
5
' 7
7'
,7
7
7
7
7
7
7
5
r 4
The former world's record for the same
length of time was 63 miles and 5 laps.
■ ♦ ■
The Decker & Sen Piano is always
good. Mauvais has them, 769 Market. •
Young Hcobs in Trouble.
John 11. Hobbs, whose parents are heav
ily interested in the Wieland Brewery,
was arrested last night on Kearny street
and charged with disturbing the peace.
Hobbs was going along the street with a
party of friends, and when near Geary
accosted two Spanish women.
They resented his familiarity and as a
result a free fight ensued in which Hobbs
lost his hat and gained sundry marks of
war He was arrested and gave the fict»
tious name of John H. Taylor at the Cali
fornia street station. When his friends
came to ball -him out his true name was
made known. He was finally released on
; bail furnished by I. Deutsch.
' • >!■ . _^ iw jfK /f&VR jf^ " WHFN IN DOUBT f — - JJ^
C ROSS-ROAPy LOGIC : = ™ f^oi
. : ' -•-.-•• ' ii-mimm.iu.,..^— -^-^-^_»— .jtA^.^ TRAVELED ROAD." r- . ))
• ' mHAT is what the farmer said when he was directing a stranger on his journey. " When you come to F^ — Jj / r>f
.'" L ' mttoL _ ■ the cross-roads keep to the main traveled way." There's a sound logic in that 1 i .
/ "^^s ( - advice which those who are .starting out in search of. health might well heed. 1 *■ O. //
>" Stick ta-the main traveled road and you'll, come out all right. " ;,.',.:..: _ .;. . *. -/'^ '■'"■■/ ' MA : '/ f /
Many hundreds of thousands of people have marked a path for you to follow. It has led them to . / ' *<> hi
health This path which they have trodden leads to the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, of Buffalo, /nf?n 1/T>lFn <W I
NY where Dr. Pierce, the chief consulting physician, and his staff numbering nearly a score of expen- ,-. i /JJ. fC- 1/ HCIcC'Fr I
enced and skilled specialists, are every day engaged in the treatment and cure of chronic diseases Much of / &*"*/% *-./. [
the treatment is by correspondence. Any sick person is invited to consult Dr. R. V. Pierce by letter abso- §^>^ mml^< s^ o^ > f c I
lutelv free of charge and under the promise of absolute privacy. r • • , ■'■. jjflf "^^C </' /
There is hope for everyone who begins the use of Dr. Pierce* s treatment. Out of the many thousands */ .^v VI /
treated ninety-eight per cent, have been absolutely cured by Dr. Pierce and his staff of physicians. A great \ v^TS^ \t/ \
number of these were the " hopeless " cases for which the home doctor said nothing could be done. People \. Of
with weak lungs, obstinate cough, bronchitis, and other forms of disease which if neglected, or badly treated (L>"v T^^flffSV
lead on to consumption, have been positively cured through the advice of Dr. Pierce and his staff of skilled S%*>)s /^ \\
specialists, and the use of that marvelous medicine, Dr. Pierce' Golden Medical Discover}'. *C?y£s <V \\
* .if] f/r. Sarah E. Taylor, of Eureka, Greenwood y^) \V i^w\
Buffalo, N. V., and tell him your story: It will be treated as a sacred confidence and you will promptly / *■ t,^ \
receive in reply an experienced physician's advice and fatherly counsel, which will put you in the way of I >^oFFALO^^N^ /
health, if your case be a curable one. . .' . .• '. ■ \f /r\__lr-s F
FIR. PIERCES GOLDEN fl EPICAL DISCOVERY A V
GIVES STRENGTH TO THE STOMACH, PURITY TO THE BLOOD, AND LIFE TO THE LUNGS. MTjkT*i
MADE THE CASHIER
HIS SOLE HEIRESS
Captain Baker Leaves^
His Wealth to His '■
4
Restaurateur's
<
Daughter. ;
MRS. CHRISTINA KRONE CALD-
M'ELL is an heiress. She has just
come into the money of Captain
Oliver H. Baker, and thereby hangs
a tale of an old man's admiration and his
gratitude to a young woman who respect
ed age and paid' it the courtesy ever due it.
A little more than two years ago Mrs.
Caldwell. who was then Miss Krone, was
cashier in her father's restaurant, "The
Popular." an eating house on Geary
street. Captain Baker came to "The Pop
ular" to take his meals and was attracted
by the quiet dignity of the young cashier.
Her respectful courtesy and attention en
listed the sympathy of the seafaring man
and he soon'leamed that his restaurateur' 3
daughter was engaged to be married to a
young man of limited means, but a lack
of means made the wedding day a dis
tant possibility.
"Marry." said the captain, "and I will
fit you up a home, where you may reside
re»nt free. The only favor I ask in return
is that you let me come and live with you
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
as a boarder, for which I will pay you a
handsome price."
Christina Krone and Howard Caldwell
were married and Captain Baker went to
live -with them. About two weeks ago
the seafaring man was taken ill, and
when the serious nature of his malady
was explained to him he asked that At
torney Nagle be summoned to draw his
Captain Baker died on the 21st lnst.
When his last will was opened it was
found that Mrs. Caldwell was the sol©
legatee.
The estate is valued at over $2o,ji». and
consists of $15,0^0 in bank. $3000 in life in
surance, some United States bonds vari
ous mortgages and the home where Mrs.
Caldwell lives.
Howard Caldwell, the husband of the
fortunate young wpman, is a driver for
the California Casket Company. As far
as the Caldwells know Captain Baker fafcs
no living relatives.
Jumped His Bonds.
'Louis Feroni, a bootblack, failed to ap-
pear before acting Police Judge Barry
yesterday and his bonds of $500 were de
clared forfeited and a warrant —as is
sued for his arrest. He was charged with
assault with a deadly weapon by cutting
Antone Pettonatti with a knife on Jan
uary 17. There was very little evidence
against him and the case would probably
have been dismissed. The bonds are
good.
The Early Races.
One of tho most interesting lectures In
the Mechanics' Institute course was de
livered last night by Frederick I. Monsen,
who spoke on "The Monuments of a Pre
historic Race." Mr. Monsen dealt particr
larly with the tribes which inhabited
Arizona and Southern California in the
early days and the relics left by them in
the mounds. The lecture was illustrated
by superb stereopticon views.
Improved Order of Bred Men.
The members of Montezuma Tribe No.
77, I. O. R. M., celebrated Washington's
birthday last Wednesday by an enter
tainment and ball in the Native Sons'
Hall. Professor Maher, Miss Sadie
Quinn, Miss Jennie Verley and I.ouls F.
Kline contributed to the entertainment,
and then there was a programme of four
teen dances. The function was under the
direction of G. S. Graham, W. R. Bell, C.
Sargent. V. Jergensen, H. F. Sheehan and
W H. Eastman of the committee of ar
rangements; H. D. Hutt, J. D. Jeffress,
Frank Terramorse, Louis F. Kline and H.
B. Suttie. R. Rusch was the floor man-
ager
The annual high Jinks and smoker
given by Awashte Tribe. I. O. R. M., on
the night of the 17th inst. irt Twin Peaks
Hall, corner of Seventeenth anil Noe
streets, was well attended, and the pro
gramme that was presented, which in
cluded music, songs, recitations, stories
and special features was. from th»* man
ner in which the several numbers were
received, exceedingly pleasing to the
audience.
Patriotic foresters.
Court Occidental No. 6676 of th« Ancient
Order of Foresters observed Washington's
birthday by an "at home" to its friends
and the families of members, in the social
hall of the Foresters' building. There was
a pood attendance and an enjoyable pro
gramme of dances Interspersed with vocal
music, comic specialties and coon sonars
presented by Miss Veidi Gilmore, Miss
Minnie Newcomb, Miss E. Mills. Miss Lot
tie Gilmore. Miss V. Gilmor* and Kelly
and Marlowe. There were instructive ad
dresses by Chief Ranger E. A. M. Gilbert
and William Wallace. The entertainment
was under the direction of William Wal
lace. J. Henderson, William Bios, A. C. F.
Wilkens, M. Silvia. J. T. Vinal, J. Baker.
W Ring. W. Carroll, George Friedemann
and E. A. M. Gilbert.
Court Apollo ■ A. O. F.
Court Apollo, A. O. F.
L,ast Wednesday night Court Apollo of
the Ancient Order of Foresters gave Its
sixth entertainment and hall in T'nlon
Square Hall and there was a large at
tendance of the friends of the members
■who enjoyed a good programme of songs.
Instrumental music and specialties ren
dered by Rudolph and George Ruof. Jos
eph Pla'isted. Jiliss Juliet Turpin. Messrs.
FiPhcr and Denhard Mrs. Josie S.-llinger,
Gladys Weller and Bessie Radigan, Gus.
Pohlfnan. Richard Severence. George
Monck, Mrs. P. Schroder. H. Herber and
L. Launy. Joseph Moscrop, past high
chief ranger, delivered a very interesting
and instructive address. The entertain
ment was followed by dancing till mid
night.
1112
ROW BREWING
IN THE RANKS
OF POPULISTS
Charges Made of Mis
use of Funds.
A SUIT SOON TO BE FILED
PURITY OF ELECTIONS COMMIT- ;
TEE IS ACCUSED.
j
Interesting Disclosures Are Expected ;
to Result From Taking the Mat
ter Into Court — Obtained
Money From Phelan.
A row of large proportions and one ]
which promises some interesting develop- i
ments is brewing in the ranks of the
Populists of San Francisco. In fact, the
row has been under way for some time
past and is now approaching a critical
stage. It all started over the fight for ,
the control of the party machinery and
a suit which, it is authoritatively stated,
will be filed In the Superior Court within j
the next ten days is likely to be the me
dium of a series of exposures of the
methods of certain Populist leaders, and
even men outside the party, which will
greatly surprise the rank and file of that
political organization and the public gen- j
erally.
The suit referred to will be directed at ;
the purity of the elections committee of J
the People's Party, demanding an ac- '
counting of the funds intrusted to its j
care during the recent campaign. The |
members of this committee are A. B. ;
Kinne, G. D. Gillespie, B. J. Pie. Henry j
Huppert and M. Meakin. It is charged i
that the campaign fund was misapplied
and an accounting will be demanded. In
support of the proposed petition the men
who are back of the suit claim they are
In possession of evidence that will not
only prove that the members of the com
mittee were false to their trust in the
expenditure of the money, but that they
played into the hands of the Democrats
for a cash consideration.
Mayor Phelan' is one of those who are i
alleged to have contributed good hard
money in order to secure the support of j
the accused Populists, and it is further j
charged that the Mayor is at present en- :
gaged in an effort to secure control of j
the party machinery for the furtherance
of his political ambition. Phelan, so the j
kickers say, already controls the execu- '
tive committee and by reason of this fact j
charges tiled with that body against the |
purity of the elections committee have re
ceived little consideration. That body
did appoint a sub-committee a short time
ago to investigate the charges and its
conclusions were contained In majority
and minority reports which were consid- !
ered by the executive committee at its j
meeting last • Tuesday night. The out- j
come of the matter was a whitewash for i
th? accused committeemen.
According to its report filed with Regis- ■
trar of Elections, the committee collected
and expended during the campaign about !
$1900. It is charged that they in reality ;
collected a much larger sum, and . the j
Populists who make the charges of crook- j
edness want to know what became of the '
surplus. Not only that, but they want '
to know by what authority the members
of the committee paid themselves nice fat
salaries out of the money contributed for i
campaign purposes. Phelan ,it is said,
contributed directly $150. and an equal
amount through Charles F. Fay. The
•contribution from the latter is credited '
to F. Fay. but this is regarded as a blind.
The Mayor, it is claimed, made a bar
gain with Kline and Gillespie previous to
the nominating convention by which they
need their influence to secure his indorse
ment by the Populists. In return he I
promised to allow Kinne to retain his po^ !
sition as Health Inspector, and this prom- j
ise has been made good. There ' are j
broad hints of more enticing bait being
thrown out by candidates and grabbed by
the purity of elections committeemen.
The Chosen Friends.
On the 17th Pacific Lodge initiated three
candidates and received a like number of
applications.
To-morrow night the Progressive coun
cils will visit Fairmount Council in Mis
sion Masonic Temple.
America Council will have a house
warming on the Tth of March.
Last Wednesday Grand Councilor
Boehm visited Germania Council, where
there was a large attendance. Several
applications werp read.
Daughters of Montezuma.
To-morrow evening the Daughters of
Montezuma, I. (). R. M.. will .give a nov
elty party in the Red Men's building, on
Post street The novelty will consist in
present ing to each lady who attends a
bottle of perfume, and to each gentleman,
a cigar.
To Protect the Flag.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— After the rou- I
tine business of the morning session of
the Congress of the Daughters of the'
American Revolution had been disposed
Of, the report of the committee on the I
desecration of the flap was read and dis- !
cussed. The report asks for a law to pre- j
vent tho use or the national flag for ad
vertisements; to prevent placing on it or i
attaching to it devices and inscriptions- to
punish thosr who treat it with indignity ;
or wantonly injure or destroy it Thp '
report was enthusiastically received and i
the committee continued fur another year. I
Honors to Minister Merry.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, via Qahreston,
Feb. S. -Hon. William L. Merry, United
States Minister to Costa Rica, Nicaragua
and Salvador, arrived at Corinto to-day
President Zelaya sent a special train to
bring- Mr. Merry to Managua, which ar
riveri with ihe minister on board this
evening.
SALUTES BETWEEN BOATS.
Old Days When Steam Whist-ing i
Was Intend d as an Insult.
In IS3O pongs for the engine room
•were unknown, and In many of the
boats, when the pilot was in his house
(if there was one) or on the deck over
the engine room, he would signal the
engineer by the strokes of a stick or j
cane upon the floor of the house or t
deck. All boats, of course, carried j
bells, and by them all notices of de- I
parture ar.d of arriving were made ■
known, and all salutes between boats
were given by their bells. To blow
steam, as is now done by a whistle,
was intended to be a challenge or an
insult.
In July. 1*37, the first steam launch,
the Sweetheart, thirty-five feet in
length, four feet three inches of beam
and three f..«et depth, engine 4x12 '
Incuett, wheels three feet sfx inches in !
diameter, and boiler horizontal fire
tubular, designed and constructed at |
the United States navy yard. New !
York, by the writer, then chief engi
neer of the navy, was completed, and,
on her trial and succeeding trips
around the city of New York, was sa- !
luted with the bells of passing stoam- I
boats ami Lheered by people who rushed !
to the ends of the- piers to witness the j
novel sight. She attained a speed of !
eight and a half miles per hour. The '
engine was subsequently transferred to
the United States naval school at An.
napolis.
Fuel, up to the year 1536, was wholly !
pine wood, though up to that time some
owners of steamboats commenced ex- j
perimenting upon the practicability of j
using anthracite coal. A steamboat on \
her route of six or more hours could
not have the capacity in her fireroom '
to contain all the wood required, and
was compelled to pile it upon her side
houses; and such boats as were on a j
long route, as from New York to Provi
dence, were compelled to invade their
upper deck with wood, and upon leav
ing the city had somewhat the sem
blance of a floating wood yard.
In 1839 anthracite coal was Intro
duced in the furnaces of the steamboat
North America, plying on the Hudson
River between New York and Albany,
and, to aid its combustion, when a high
pressure of steam was required, a fan
blower, driven by a belt from the wheel
shaft was resorted to, but soon after
ward' a small independent engine was
used, connected by a belt to the blower.
Anthracite coal was soon afterward
burned without auxiliary draught in
the open furnace of a steam boiler.
Cassell's Magazine.
How to be Rich in 1000 Years.
Much amusement has been caused In
: Birmingham by the arrival of a check
| for £10 at the Lord Mayor's office under
the following circumstances:
A few weeks ago it was decided to ac
( quire land upon which to extend the
i Council House. The site could not be
! got freehold, but a 999 years' lease was
j given. To this Alderman Mariton object
i ed and pleaded that at the end of the
i lease the buildings would revert to the
'■ ground landlord, and £5.000,000 in ground
rent would have been spent in vain.
Mr. Alexander Chance accordingly sent
; a £10 check to the Lord Mayor, to be in
! vested for 999 years at 2V> per cent. At
! the end of the period this would yield
£58 5m.000.000, or an Income yearly of
j £200 000.000. This sum Mr. Chance wag
-1 gishly suggested would recoup Birming
-1 ham "for the sum expended on ground
rent.
When interviewed. Mr. Chance said he
was quite serious. "When the time
comes," he said, "there will be no rates
to pay. and every citizen will live in a
suburban villa provided and lighted by
the municipality."— London Mail.
Can't Be Sure.
Mrs. Fogg — Mr. Selah preached a beau
tiful sermon this forenoon. So helpful,
too! He said we should make our calling
and election sure:
Mr. Fogg— Elections sure! What does
he kijow about politics, anyway? You
never can be sure now that they have the
Australian ballot.— Boston Transcript.
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
". V- ■■--.-. CHICAGO. .
CHICAGO. Feb. 25.— CATTLE- Not enough
! Cattle were received to-day to make a market
' and prices were mostly nominal at recent quo
i tations; sellers' prices 15@20c lower than a
! week ago. while the range is Unusually wide, a
' few common beef steers selling as low as
$3 7ii@3 85. and a limited number of prime of-
I ferings going for $5 70©0 85.. .
— There was an active demand tor
Hogs and prices were strong at a further ad
i vance of fiWlOe; fair to choice. $3 82H&4; rack
i in* lots, $3"6053 80: mixed. $3 65«?3 SO; butchers.
$3 8003 95: light, t&tOftZK&k: Pi*". $3 25@3 70.
' SHEEP— small offerings of Sheep sold at
i unchanged prices: Sheep quotations, J2 601i4 60;
i yearlings, $4 2.">'34 65, and lambs. $3 50®5 lor
poor to prime flocks.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000: Hogs. l.".,000: Sheep,
i i-fifi. ____
IATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. February 25.
Beta 1 Gem, Nelson. 60 hours from Coos Bay.
S< hr Jennie Wand. Christiansen. 17 days from
Kahului.
SAILED.
Saturday, February 25.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart.
RETURNED.
Saturday, February ZB.
Stmr Chilkat, hence this afternoon for Eu
reka, returned on account of strong north
west winds.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. F'eb 25. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb 25— Leander. for
; sohr Mabel Gray, for Eureka.
NKAU HAY — Passed out Feb 25— Br ship
MarecJial Suchet. from Victoria f(ir Portlaml.
K< >RT HKAGG — Sailed Feb 25— Stmr Noyo.
for Sun Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb 25— Ship
Shenandnah. hence Feb 10: schr Veea, hence
Feb 12; bark Snow and Rurgess, from Victoria.
Sailed Feb 2.".— Bktn Echo, for Kaiochau.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb. 25— Stmr Laurada.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PANAMA— SaiIed Feb 23— Stmr Acapulco,
fur Sr.n Francisco.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Feb 24— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Feb 25 — Stmr
Switzerland, from Antwerp.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed Feb 2."— Stmr Boshla,
i for Hamburg.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 25— Stmr La Tou
ralne. for Havre; stmr Ems, for Naples; stmr
Campania, for Liverpool; stmr Patrla. for,
Hamburg.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Feb 25— Stmr Western
land, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Feb 25— Stmr Lucania,
for New York.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Feb £s— Stmr Edam,
for New York.
GENOA— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Fuerst Bis
marck, from New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Feb 25— Stmr Ethiopia, for
New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Feb 25— Stmr La Champagne,
for New Y"rk.
Ql'EENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Etru
rla. from New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Orthia.
from Baltimore.
BREMEN— Arrived Feb ?5— Stmr Stuttgard,
from New York.
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W W Kruse. Oakland [6 B Jones. Pa
Visa M Ayer, lioston V W Flannelly, Omaha
Mrs L, W Howes. Mbsb'J J Brownell. Pa
A L Levirmky. Btocktn R H Heald & w. Pa
1 J Bonnell, Stockton C H Mallory & w. Pa
F A Burns ft w, StktnlMiss C J Mallory, Pa
Mrs E A DuffleM. StkjS P Lands & w. Pa
Mrs F S Rowland. Btk Miss F B Jauney, Pa
Mrs Spring maid and 3jMrs C Stanley. Pa
children, San Jose P Stokes & w. Pa
2 S Turner. N V Mrs E A Duffield, Pa
E S Davis. Pa E Busby & w. Pa
I X de Vine & w. Mo \V L Dougherty & w.
I T Campbell. St Louis Raymond
\V Buckminster. Mass E T Simon. Raymond
J D Williams. Mass R F KnKle, Raymond
Mrs C Wheeler, Pa F M Rust. N V
Miss Wheeler. Pa A Mordecai, Stanford
I S Joseph, NY 3 C Barton & w. Nebr
M S Green. Mont \V W Mclntoeh, Chgo
I E Maurel&w. Clinton Miss E Lesley, Stanfni
Mrs L WadlelKh. Clntr. Mrs W H Collins, Stnf
Miss P Hamilton, Stnt E L Falner. Stanford
T A Story. Stanford W J Moore & w, Chgo
:; T Sinvinds, Boston P Zobelein. L Ang
I C Taimase. L Ang E W Smith. Stanford
EC Walker. USA CJ Strachm. N V
'5 H Cross. Boston C Marsden. L Ang
H F Eldrldge&w.Mass F A Reasran, I> Ang
Miss S Eldrldge, Mass E H Lnmme & w. L A
Mrs G P Grant, Mass jFt A Allen. Chgo
I Young & w. Masa H White. Chgo
Mrs S H Kingsbury, Mrs M F Kellogg. Colo
Portsmouth A L Bell. Ireland
W T B Roberts & w.Pa \V J Harris. B C
Miss L Roberts. Pa T E Keating. Pleasntn
3 Anderson & w. Pa V r P Mathevlt. Ohio
Miss A Simmons. Pa r P Woolworth. S Cruz
Mlpb G Simmons. Pa !J Ludes, Chgo
Mrs L D Kelsay. Pa jDr H L Pace. Tulare
Mrs L T Darling. Pa ifi Welnhelmer. Mo
Mrs H Klssanl. Pa iDr D Parker. Detroit
Miss J Klssanl. Pa (Mrs D Parker. Detroit
Mlbs E Holbrook, Pa i Philadelphia
V Miller & w. Pa ID D Cunningham & w,
R F Crowell. Belmont I
GRAND HOTEL.
A S Rlx, S Jose |C Andros, Marysvllle
J Sullivan&w, R Vista Mrs Fitch. Sacto
F D Andrews. L Ang W F Bayer, Troy
E R Thurber, Cal Theo Bayer. Troy
F J Cooper & w. Cal W Kenney&w. Cleveld
J Gregory, Cal J McGowan & w. Cinn
P J Kinnaley. Cal J Vaughn, London
N B Ford. Nlles J Bangles & w, Denver
W Howard, Oakland L A. Ritter & w. Minn
R D Hatch. Novato C R Heath, Vallejo
T Charles, S«a View Miss Heath. Vallejo
C E Lindsay, S Cruz Miss Cruuch. Vallejo
B Lynn & w, St Lake W Barton, L Ang
H Mclntyre, Berkeley J Neuscheler, NY
C Dolph. Berkeley R F Stocking, L Ang
G H Clark. Sacto :M Stewart. Ontario
II N Puttman. Sacto U Stone, Wash
T T Frazier. Sissons J Gil»er. Wash
R Lawrence, S Jose W Charles,' Cat
D Cameron, Cinn N B Ford, Nlles
F Brown. Evansvllle C McKtlvey, Mexico
J Falkes, Evansvllle Mrs Boulwer. Uutte
L X Wood. Plttsbuig |A R CurtlK. S Rafael
C Fltz<erakl & w. Ark-Mlss Ferrle, Ottawa
S E L*vl. St Joseph iDr T Carpenter. Cal
C L Harris, Sacto T J Hart. N V
J Luchslnger & \v. Sac G Romey. Vallejo
Miss L Lu< hsinger.Sac J Luchsinger Jr. Vaijo
Miss M Luohsinger.SaccC X Woodruff. Cal
Miss E Thomas. Sacto IB Wertheimer.fcw Cal
S Hall, w & c. Sacto W Smith & w, S Jose
Mlsk M Brown. Sacto F C Earle &w. Tex
A E Nutt. Sacto S Marschutz, L Ang
T B Gibson &w. Cal J Mottel &. v,- Cal
W D Walsh, Cal X R Smith, L Ang
J Sims. Sacto IF R Smith, Stockton
Miss Bradbury, Sacto I
J L Martin & w, Sac Mlsr Poor, Sacto
P J Flood. Sacto N J Gavigan. Cal
J Laird, Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G W Baker & family, U A Proulx. Manila
Yuma, Ariz S L OUen, Manila
R D Scott. Vallejo W J Lacke, Manila
It James, Vallejo !j Leonard, Manila
B Harper, San Jose IJ W Purslelf, Manila
Mrs J C Harmer, L AtP W Schultz. Manila
Mrs C M Boland, L A!R E Morris. Manila
H Kronke. Suifun H S Keck, Manila
J Sullivan, Itio Vlata H P Robe, Manila
M H Newman. Ohio U G Brandt, Manila
Miss Silvia, Oakdale J X Donohue. Manila
J Rochefort, NY G B Humbert, Manila
L May. NY R Leslie. Manila
M Bertina. Boston .1 Donnelly. Manila
X Petchlng, Chicago G B Williams. Manila
P Petching, M V Q Wagner, Manila
B Francis, Chicago E D Arnold. Manila
J "Ryan, Baltimore C A Sayre. Nordhoff
H L Burdlck, Manila W H Matthews, Or
H A Elliott. Manila G X Woods. Ariz
T Feeley, Chicago F R GMdlngs, Vt
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
NEW WEATHER PROPHET
FOR PACIFIC COAST
Professor W. H. Hammon Resigns His Office.
PROFESSOR W. H. HAMMON, Forecaster of the local Weather Bureau,
has resigned his position. He did so in order to accept a more
remunerati%-e position as assistant manager of the Philadelphia
Company, an electric light and power concern located at Pitts
burg. Pa. Professor Hammon sent his resignation on Thurs
day to Professor Morse, who is at the head of the Weath
er Bureau of the Department of Agriculture at Washington. He hoped
his action would not be made public until the head of the department
had time to appoint his successor. However, bad news travels as rap
idly as the good, and Professor Hammon's contemplated departure from
the scenes of his past usefulness could not remain a secret long.
Professor Hammon has presided over. the local weather bureau for many
years, and so faithfully has he applied himself to his duties and so care
fully have all his reports been prepared that he is highly regarded by
hundreds of men in all walks of life. His is a position that is difficult to
fill, the eccentricities of California weather puzzling the shrewdest scien
tists. During his long service here even the most exacting have had little
of which to complain, and his timely warnings have saved thousands of dol
lars to {he farming and commercial interests of the coast.
Shortly after the present weather prophet came to this city he amused
many people by flying Kites, but the wisdom of his experiments was dem
onstrated after a while by his reports relative to the upper currents of the
air which have much influence upon the local climate. They make possible
intelligent reports of what may be expected in the line of storm and calm,
moisture and dryness. For a long time Professor Hammon endeavored to
have a signal station established on the top of Mount Tamalpais. tind his
efforts were finally rewarded by an appropriation for that purpose. This
station has since been invaluable to the department.
It is not likely that his successor will be known for some time, and Pro
fessor Hammon will continue to keep tab on the weather from his place in
the Mills building until the new man is aecustoiried to his duties and has
had time to benefit himself from the incumbent's knowledge of the West.
This is one of the most important stations in the T'nlted States, and Pro
fessor Morse has no easy task in finding the right forecaster for the place.
While Professor Hammon has tendered his resignation with reluctance, be
cause of the many ties formed here, the offer of greater remuneration
proved too tempting to be resisted.
CUBAN ASSEMBLY
SOMEWHAT DISGUSTED
Not Satisfied With the Report of the
Commission That Was Sent
to Washington.
HAVANA, Feb. 25.— The Cuban As
sembly met to-day and heard the re
port of the committee which was sent
to Washington some time since to ccm
fer with the Government regarding Cv-
ban affairs.
The Assembly was clearly dissatisfied
with the doings of the committee, inas
much as its members had not acted in
accord _one day telling the President
that the Cuban army was composed of
30 000 men and the next that it con
sisted of 45,000 men in the Cuban ranks.
" The commission presented a report on
the conference vtth General Alger. Sec
retary c-f War, and the Attorney Gen
eral but failed to lessen the Assembly s
apparent feeling of disgust. It was fin
ally decided to have the report printed
and to hand a copy of it to each mem
ber of the Assembly, that they might
study it carefully. The fact that $3,000,
--000 on a basis of $100 for each soldier
was adopted, and that efforts to ob
tain more failed, makes obligatory the
Assembly's ratification of the accept-
General Gomez did not attend the
meeting, neither did he send a repre
sentative or a message. The next meet
ing of the Assembly will be held on
Monday. ,
FOR CARRYING MAILS
THROUGH ALASKA
North American Trading and Trans
portation Company Gets
the Contract.
WASHINGTON, Feb. Bids have
been' opened at the Postoffice Depart
ment for carrying the mails by steam
ers from either San Francisco or Se
attle via Unalaska. St. Michael and.
points along the Yukon River to Circle
City, Alaska, and Di-wson, Canada.
The lowest bid received, and which has
been accepted, is from the North Amer
ican-Transportation and Trading Com
pany—Michael Cudahy, president—
Chicago- for three round .trips fjrom
Seattle, at $1495 each, on June 10, July
20 and August 20. The : other bids fol
low: Blue Star Navigation, Company,
Seattle three round. trips from Seattle,
at $2800 ' each; the Alaska , Exploration
Company, San : Francisco, three round
trips from San Francisco at $1750 each,
Leon Sloss, San Francisco, five round
•tp-B3 OS'T$ ve-oosptn?.i£ ÜBS uiojj,sdiaj
June 1,. 10 and 20 and July 5 and 20.
MANY COAL MINES
MAY SOON BE CLOSED
Over Four Thousand Miners Involved
in a Strike That Is Now
Threatened.
FORT SMITH. Ark., Feb. - 25.— Every
coal mine in Arkansas and the Indian
Territory will be closed down next
Wednesday If the present programme of
miners and operators Is adhered to.
Over 4000 miners are Involved and mines
suDDlying a large section of the south
west with fuel will be affected. A coal
famine Is sure to follow, as the supply
on hand is small and will be speedily ex
hausted. Already railroads are confiscat
ing every car of coal that comes on their
track and are keeping It for their own
use Private dealers have been notified
that they can get no more coal until the
trouble Is settled. The situation is the
nio.«t alarming that has existed In the
coal region in years.
The operators refuse positively to con
sider the miners' scale and met to-day to
declare that if their demands are not ac
ceded to by next Wednesday a general
strike will be declared.
AT MARE ISLAND YARD.
Naval Vessels That Are Being Over-
hauled and Repaired.
VAL.LEJO. Feb. 25.— The naval collier
Nero, which will make soundings for a
rable between Honolulu and Manila, was i
taken out of the dock at Mare Island j
Thursday and will be ready for service in
about a month. Many changes conducive '
to the comfort of officers and crew havo j
been made, and she will be a. commodious i
vessel when she leaves the yard. Com • !
mander Charles Belknap, who will have
command, is exercising general super vi- j
sion over the work.
Naval Constructor Baxter to-day super- '
Intended the docking of the torpedo-boat j
Davis and the revenue cutter Bear. The I
work was quite difficult, owing to the
danger of straining the light frames of
the torpedo boat, but she was landed on !
the sawdust-packed keel blocks as easily '
as could be imagined. When she comes
off her place probably will be taken by j
her sister boat, the Fox. which is abnut j
ready to leave the Wolff & Zwicker works !
at Portland to come to Mare Island.
The Bear will get a general overhauling
below the water line, where serious leaks ;
developed during her recent cruise in the
Arctic.
FIVE STRAIGHT DEFEATS.
Stanford Varsity Baseball Team ;
Playing in Hard Luck.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 25.—
The Stanford Varsity met its fifth defeat
this season in the game with the Santa
Clara College nine, played on the campus j
this afternoon. The match was the most I
exciting of the year, the score being 5 to
4. The visitors played uphill ball for eight
innings. They did not "go to pieces," how
ever, and in the last inning brought in
three runs, which won the game.
In some respects, the performance of
the varsity was the best of the season.
Fewer errors were made than in any pre
vious game, and the batting was particu
larly heavy. Nine base hits, a couple ot
two-baggers and two three-base hits is a !
record which shows decided improvement
with the stick.
Carson pitched the nine innings through
for the varsity. He was somewhat un
steady, but showed good head work, and I
kept his hits scattered. Kelley and Nihil,
the Santa Clara twlrlers, had excellent
control, neither walking a single man.
Following is the score:
SANTA CLARA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. I
Leake. v. s 3 0 0 0 2 6 2 1
Farry, lb 1 1 0 1 13 2 0
Graham, c 4 0 0 0 7 10 1
Kelley, p 4 1 2 1 0 1 0
Prill, 1. f 112 110 0!
Mahoney. r. f 3 0 2 0 0 0 0i
Conner. 3b 3 1 1 0 1 2 0
Coward, c. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 I
Garnot. 2b 3 0 10 2 4 2
Finnlgan, r. f 0 1 0 1 0 0 0
Nthll, p 10 0 110 0
Totals 24 5 8 5 27 15 ~4
STANFORD. ■
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Lougheed, s. s 5 0 1 0 2 2 1
Murphy, 1. f 5 0 1 0 0 0 0 I
Strohn, 2b 4 1 2 0 2 5 1 i
Swindells, c 4 110 9 2 1!
Young, lb 4 0 3 0 11 0 0 !
Wright. 3b 4 1 0 0 0 3 0
Crandall, c. t 4 1 0 1 0 2 1 !
Carson,- p 4 0 1 t 1 3 0 i
Kahn, r. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 Q!
Totals 38 4 9 3 26 17 4 1
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa Clara lOOOOOio t— B
Stanford .0 0 0 1 2 1 0 0 o—4 j
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Stanford 2. Three-base hits-
Murphy, Swindells. Two-base hits— Strnhn.
Young. Sacrifice hit— Farry. Base on errors— !
Santa Clara 2, Stanford 4. Hasp on balls—
Carson 5. Left on baees— Santa Clara 4. Stan
ford 7. Struck out— By Carson 6. by Kelley •">.
Hit by pitcher— Nlhil. Double plays— Swindells
to Young; Leake to Garnot to Farry. Wild i
pitch— Nihil. Time of game— l:3o. Umpire— i
Harry Edwards of Stanford.
Jockey Coombs Suspended.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 25.— The Star of
Bethlehem scored an easy win in the
speed handicap, the feature of to-day's
card. Jockey Coombs has been suspend
ed indefinitely, pending an investigation
or his ride on Takanassee on Thursday
Weather cloudy; track good. Results:
First race, handicap, seven furlongs—
The Dragoon won, Dandy second Prince
Harry third. Time. 1:31.
Second race, two-year-olds, four fur
longs—Johnny J. won. Caviar second
Barney's Last third. Time, 0:50%.
Third race, selling, mile and a quarter—
Tonto won, Annie Taylor second. Babe
Fields third. Time, 2:10%.
Fourth race, the Speed handicap six
furlongs. $1000— The Star of Bethlehem
won. Merry Day second. Takanassee
third. Time. 1:15.
Fifth race, selling, one mile— Lady Dis
dain won. Me Albert second, Jim Conway
third. Time, 1:43»i.
Sixth race, selling, one mile — Jennie F.
won, Fleeda second, Prince of India third.
Time, 1:44>4.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
CONSUL DARNALL
DEMANDS A SCALP
Warring Officials at
Nogales.
SERIOUS ACCUSATIONS MADE
FIGHT HAS BEEN CARRIED TO
WASHINGTON.
Collector of Customs Chenoweth
Charged With Having Been
Too Thrifty While in
Office.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NOGALES, Ariz., Feb. 25.— A very
pretty fight is on here between the
American Consul at Nogales, Sonora,
Mexico, James F. Darnall of Indiana,
and the Collector of Customs at No
gales, Ariz., H. K. Chenoweth, and the
contest has been carried to Washington,
where it is intimated Consul Darnall,
who is very influential, has preferred
serious charges against Collector Chen
oweth, with the avowed intention of
getting the political scalp of that treas
ury official.
It is alleged that some weeks ago a
fraudulent affidavit against Consul
Darnall was concocted in the office of
the Collector of Customs for the United
States at Nogales. This alleged affi
davit is said to have charged Consul
Darnall with having fraudulently is
sued to a Chinese a certificate of right
to return to the United States, for
which he was alleged to have been
paid $100. The affiant purported to be
a Chinese, who alleged he had paid
Consul Darnall the money to get him
to cross a Celestial friend from Mexico
into the United States.
This affidavit was forwarded to the
State Department at Washington and
Consul Darnall was asked to explain.
He looked up the affiant and obtained
from him a counter affidavit to the ef
fect that he had not knowingly exe
cuted an affidavit against Consul Dar
nall. He further alleged that he had
been taken to the American custom
house by Collector Chenoweth, the sec
retary of the latter, Eugene Sykes, and
Charles Meehan, Chinese Inspector, and
told that unless he signed certain pa
pers submitted to him he would be de
ported. He signed, supposing he was
following a necessary procedure in his
own case to prevent deportation. Con
sul Darnall forwarded to the State De
partment this later and true affidavit
of the Chinese and he received in re
turn a full and complete exoneration.
But the blood of the Hoosier Consul
was now at a fever heat, and he de
termined to have the scalp of Collec
tor Chenoweth. First, he took in hand
E. S. Stokes, special agent of the
Treasury Department, and accused
him point blank of guilty knowledge
and concealment of a very corrupt
state of affairs in the custom house, al
leging that Mrs. Chenoweth, wife of
the Collector, a Mexican woman of no
business ability whatever, was drawing
$100 a month as cashier of the custom
house, and had never rendered one mo
ment's service; that Judge Eb. Wil
liams, Chenoweth's political mentor,
had been drawing a salary as deputy
statistical clerk, without giving a day's
service; that Professor O. L. Lewis,
principal of the Nogales public school,
had drawn*a salary as janitor at the
custom house without doing a day's
work: that before Lewis went upon the
payroll one J. L. Hunter, a professional
bully, especially imported from Crip
ple Creek by Collector Chenoweth to
"do up" his political enemies, had
signed the vouchers as janitor and
drawn the salary without ever doing
any work, the necessary sweeping and
cleaning having been done by Robert
Catlett, a mounted inspector, who was
supposed to be riding along the inter
national boundary on the lookout for
smugglers.
Special Agent Stokes at once called
in Special Inspector T. J. Roush. and
the two proceeded to an official in
vestigation of the Nogales custom
house, finding all the above allegations
to be true. The special inspector in
terviewed Professor Lewis and fricht
ened that gentleman into making a
confession, supporting his statement
with an affidavit. Lewis, who is a very
honest young man, and a distant rela
tive of Chenoweth. swore that he had
been requested by Chenoweth to quali
fy as janitor. He objected on the
ground that he could not attend to the
duties. Chenoweth replied that that
would make no difference — it was sim
ply a matter of form. So he took the
oath of office, and at the end of a
month signed a salary voucher, but
never received either check or money
for the alleged service he had not ren
dered.
The affidavit of Professor Lewis has
been forwarded to the Treasury De
partment, and it is rumored that Con
sul Darnall has laid the matter before
the President, through the State De
partment. The town is agog over the
sensation, and nothing else is talked
about.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Opposition to the Blair Bill May Pre
vent Los Angeles From Getting
an Appropriation.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 25.— The House
Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds held a meeting this morning.
;im' when Representative Hilborn asked
that the bill providing an appropriation
of $250,000 for an addition to the Los Ar.
geles postofflee be reported favorably the
members of the committee showed oppo
sition to the bill on the ground that Rep
resentative Barlow of the Los Angeles
district opposed the other public building
bills during their recent consideration in
the House. The bill was temporarily laid
aside.
Representative Barlow said to The Call
correspondent to-night: "The only mem
ber of the Committee on Public Buildings
opposed to the Los Angeles fcuilding bill
is Representative Hilborn. He thinks that
a f^orable report to the House on this
measure will jeopardize the chancss of
his Oakland bill. Everybody knows the
receipts of the Los Angeles office will
more than double those of Oakland, and
of course we are more entitled to a build-
In* than the town opposite San Francisco.
Tlio latter does nine-tenths of Oakland's
business. •
••The story of my opposing bills re
ported by the House Committee on Pub
lic Buildings is ridiculous, as the record
will prove. I voted against the bill giv
ing Blair, Nebr., a public building, be
cause the receipts of the postofflee and
the size of the place did not warant it,
but I have never opposed the erection of
a public building in any town entitled to
one. Los Angeles needs an addition to
the present building, because it is a large
city and is rapidly growing. Despite tho
opposition of Representative Hilborn, I
think if the Public Buildings Committee
is given another day for the considera
tion of the bill Los Angeles will have
what it Is entitled to. as Chairman Mercer
has assured both Senator White and my
self of his hearty support."
In justice to Hilborn. it must be said
that he not only denies Barlow's charge
but declares he did all he could for the
bill's passage, and that its failure may be
ALGER ABANDONS
HIS CUBAN JUNKET
Nation Will Be Spared the Expense
of the Secretary's Proposed
Pleasure Trip.
' 0 NEW YORK Feb. 25.-The Washington correspondent of 'the Her- O
1 aid. telegraphs:. -As" the result of the Herald's •^^Sf^^m' ©
junket which Secretary Alger and the members of the rnimary o
O mlttees of the Senate and House contemplated taking on^the » «
O lin, it was officially announced to-day at the Wa r % e Parun of O
O the trip had been ■ abandoned; This is the Sec retar * e |S *for h°s O
O his. determination not to use the Government transport BeritaJjrU; O
O. personal gratification and his confirmation of the Herald annou cc v
Oment of Friday: •'i'lY, j> ♦*. n . nrb . n the War 0
O •■ "The present condition of the army bill and the^work In t^var o
O Department which will immediately follow should the bin be ™ me a «
O law would make it necessary for the Secretary ° f . WW an5 n to_ rec^ 1 ,; S 5
O invitation for an official trip to Cuba and Porto Rico on the Berlin, O
O which was to leave New York on March 6. . nha ndon the O
O There are hints that Secretary Alger was moved to abandon the O
O Junket by an order from the President, who was at ? T Vf°Tj}™ X
O prospect of the scandal which would have been caused had l the * ot O
O Fin been placed at the disposal of the Secretary and the ; ™ ra jj^ «• g •
O the Congressional, committee. I have been unable, however to^ ver O
O ify these hints, and it is insisted at the War g
; S: Secretary's statement gives the true reasons for the abandonment of O
O the trip. is, it is conceded the Government has been saved at least O
O $200 000. if nof more, and the Berlin will be ordered to resume her O
• O to abandon the trip may have been due to his desire to bring O
O all the influence he can get to bear upon the President to retain him O
O in the Cabinet. The "freezing-out" process has been applied to the O
O Secretary, as the Herald related this morning, but he will not feel the O
O full effect until the question of appointments to be made when the O
O army bill becomes a ; law- comes up for consideration. W
O It makes little difference, therefore, according to the well in- O
O formed, whether the Secretary remains in Washington or not, and so O
. O far as the army bill is concerned, it is said, he need not have aban- O
O doned his Junket on account of "work in the War Department which O
O will immediately follow" the enactment of that measure, because O
O there will be little work of a recommendatory • character which will U
O be approved by the President. ©
ooo'ooooooooooooooo-0000000000000000
due in part to Barlow's antagonism of
the Blair bill, which was supported by
the committee because it is the home of
Mercep, chairman of the committee.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original-Minert M. Shipp>.
Santa Cruz. $6: Byron J. Brown. Modesto.
$8; Peter Thomson, White River, $6. Res
toration and increase— Michael Leo. San
Jose. $4 to $17. Increase-Solon Evans,
Oakland. $G to $12; David L. Barnes i Chi
co $6 to $8. Reissue and increase— W llliam
Nugent. San Francisco. $8 to $12
Oregon: Increase— William Allen King,
Oak, $6 to $10.
Major Eugene Coffin, assistant paymas
ter is ordered to San Francisco and from
there will take passage for Manila for
service there.
Private William Bush, hospital corps
U S A. Presidio of San Francisco, will
be discharged without honor from the ser
vice of the United States.
STANFORD'S DEBATING
TEAM IS CHOSEN
Students Who Will Match Oratory
and Logic With Berkeley-
Speakers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 25.
T-The final debate for the selection of
the team which will represent Stanford
in the intercollegiate debate to be held
in April in San Francisco was held in
the chapel this evening and resulted in
the choice of J. E. Springer, Anthony
H. Suzzallo, '99, and James Ferguson,
'99. Carl T. Hayden, '00, was picked
for alternate.
The honor of representing the cardi
nal on the rostrum was contested to
night by eleven men, who had won
places in the series of preliminary de
bates which took place last month. The
contest showed great improvement over
previous debates, both in matter and
in form.
The team selected to-night is made
up of experienced debaters. Springer
and Suzzallo were on the Carno.t debate
this year and each made a good show
ing. Ferguson was a member of last
year's intercollegiate team. J. E.
Springer gajned his experience in the
University of lowa, being on its de
bating team. He entered Stanford last
fall with junior standing. His major
is economics. Anthony H. Suzzallo
hails from San Jose. He is a senior in
the education department and has be
come proficient in forensics since enter
ing college. James Ferguson, the third
member of the team, is also an educa
tion major. He is logical and per
suasive. He hails from Mayfield. Carl
T. Hayden, alternate, comes from
Tempe, Ariz. He was a member of this
year's Camot team.
Professor H. B. Lathrop presided to
night. The judges were Judge Lind
ley of San Francisco and Professors
Howard and Green.
M!SS LUTZONE WILL
NOT BE ARRESTED
District Attorney Mclsaac Intimates
That Perjury Was Committed
by Mrs. Young's Witnesses.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 25.— Not only has
District Attorney Mclsaac refused to per
mit the warrant sworn to by J. J. Daly,
charging Mlss Matilda Lutzone of Tiburon
with perjury, to be served, but he boldly
asserts that the warrant jvas issued to
gratify the spite of Mrs. Young and that
If perjury was committed it was probably
by the witnesses for the defense. He
further makes public his belief that one
reason why so desperate an attempt has
been made to besmirch the character of
the leading witness for the prosecution
is a desire to permit the return of Henry
Young-, who "Jumped" his ball and fled
the country prior to his preliminary ex
amination on the charge of arson.
"It is my intention, said Mclsaac to
day, "to permit no warrants to be served
on felony charges unless I am first con
sulted. It not only permits the county
to be put to a great expense, but to one
that is needless as a general rule. I
shall investigate the character of the evi
dence against Miss Lutzone and if it is
not stronger than that introduced at the
trial of Mrs. Young she shall not be ar
rested. I consider this a rather peculiar
proceeding on the part of the defense.
In the first place it probably was taken
to gratify the resentment and spite of
Mrs. Young; afr; In. it may have been
done with the kfea of permitting Young
himself to return in comparative safety.
If any perjury was committed, it is my
belief that it was by certain witnesses
for the defense and not by Miss Lut
zone."
AN APPROPRIATION
FOR ALVISO CHANNEL
! Promised Improvement That Greatly
Pleases the Business Men of
San Jose.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 25.—Representa
j tive Loud has won his fight in securing
jan appropriation of $48,000 for the im
| provement of Alviso channel. California.
I Loud and Senator White have been on
j the trail of Senator Frye, chairman of the
! Senate Commerce Committee, for two
• weeks, and the representative from the
, Fifth District smiled when he informed
j The Call correspondent that there was
I no doubt that the House members of the
j conference committee on the river and
I harbor bill would yield to the Senate in
! this instance.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 25.— There was general
1 rejoicing among business men ana citi
zens to-day when it became known that
Senators White and Perkins had sue
ceeded in getting a $48,000 appropriation
in the river and harbor bill for deepen
ing and improving Alviso channel. For
a number of years futile efforts have
been made to get Congress interested in
the work. Shipping by Alviso has been
steadily increasing, and the steamer Una
there has been the means of greatly re
ducing freight rates. A month ago the
Good Government League requested Sen
ators White and Perkins and Congress
man Loud to exert themselves for the im
provement of the channel. A few days
ago the Senators notiflea the organization
that they would do what they could. This
was verified to-day. The league this af
ternoon adopted resolutions thanking
White and Perkins for the interest taken.
LIVES OF TWELVE
LOST IN FLAMES
Fire Raging in the Manufacturing
District of Muncie,
Indiana.
INDIANAPOLIS. Feb. 26.— A telephone
message to the Sentinel at 3 o'clock this
(Sunday) morning from Muncie, Ind., says
a big fire is raging in the manufacturing
district of that city. Twelve people are
said to have lost their lives.
Was a Friend of Lincoln.
CHICAGO, Feb. 25.— Amos C. Babcock.
an intimate friend of Abraham Lincoln
and a promjnent figure in the abolitionist
movement in the early fifties, died to
day. He was born in New York in IS2B,
and came to Illinois in 1546.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
New Rupture Cure
Marvelous Effect 'of a System That
Heals Perfectly.
Citizen of Paoli, Ind., Tries the Plan
With Wonderful Success.
Considerable local Interest has been aroused
at Paoli, Ind.. by the recent cure of the rup-
ture of W. T. Moon, a prominent citizen of
that locality. Heretofore rupture has been.con-
MR. W. T. MOON. Paoll. Ind.
sidered an incurable malady. There are hun-
dreds of different, styles of trusses, but as they
only aim to hold the rupture, the popular be-
lief that rupture cannot be . cured Is probably
firmly' fixed. . . . ' . -
In Adams, N. V., a well known specialist of
that pretty • town has devised ! a method that
combines to securely hold a rupture within the
abdominal cavity and it also has the virtue to
cause the opening or "ring." as it is called, to
firmly grow together. ■' He sent the 'system to
Mr. Moon, this pentleman having previously
written to the doctor for advice. «. A number of
Mr. Moon's neighbors were deeply interested
In the outcome of 1 the test and sure enough
as the doctor predicted. •in a few weeks the
opening was healed and the rupture cured so
completely as to give no sign that there ever
had been a rupture. As it was a bad case
and a severe test the entire neighborhood was
convinced and quite a number of ruptured peo-
pie have since recovered. Mr. Moon declares
the system a marvel. It is the discovery of
I? r - W S. Rice. 418 E. Main St.. Adams. N. Y.
To all people ho are ruptured or have "friends
so afflicted, the doctor will mall free an Illus-
trated book that tally describes his home cure
for rupture.. Write for it. Do Mi at once
since to know that there is a permanent cure
for rupture W L" renew the hope of many men
and women > who are now despairing under th*
mistaken belief that, they cannot be cured.
A table water of exceptional purity and
excellence..— London Lancet. Wm.
Wolff & Co., Pacific Coast Agents.
ClldiMttr'i Eifliih Dlsmoad Brio*.
ENNYRQYAL PILLS
-totv ■• ; OrI lli»«l and O»lj Genuine ■A. •
5* rE '. »- w »J« reliable LADIES ait tt\
K^^^GSlT 0 Bran * In Red and Gold mfiallicV^AW
J£b 2IKf M ":." lW "I" 1 *>'•■• rihhoa. Take
•PI •* Tjip r° other. Refute dangtnu* rubttxtu- V
I (^ fff [ton* and imitation*. AtDroggi«i, or tend 4*,
.1 Si »4; *J «t»»P» far P»rtlenlar», t«ttmoal»U »a«
"^S__ - ./K_ Mall. 10.000 Tutlniooiali. Hmate Piper.
"*• V »U Ucn j)rttgjt«u. PlhLal>X. I'MALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
DID NOT CARE
IF HE NEVER
CAME BACK
Why Jose Feliz's Life
Is Miserable.
HOME BARRED AGAINST HIM
•V'; .•
• MARRIED A WIDOW, SIX CHIL
-, - : :' DREN AND A RANCH. -
■
In. a Cross-Complaint He Recites How
',:':.'£. He Was Prevented From At-
I'f/.'i tending the Funeral of a
•'••••..■•, ■ Dear Friend.
'■■ ■ ■['."
•.._•••. Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
■"• .;.'.' • 90S Broadway, Feb. 25.
"„■-■■. the erstwhile blithe and happy exist
1' •nee- of Jose Fellz has been made un
■ hkp'py and miserable, all because he mar
• ried a widow with a high temper, six
V children and a 200-acre ranch near Pleas
sunoa. •
"_/. His wife, Refugia Bernal Feliz, is suing
. ; him for a divorce on the ground of de
.. sertion, and to-day Jose tiled an amended
fcrp'ss^eompiaint wherein he ■ recites his
: troubles at length. The interesting paper
avers that the couple were married in
•IJvermore on September 20, ÜBZ. Evl
".'gently the nuptial knot included in its ties
a family of three boys, aged from nine to
." 19 years and three daughters ranging in
• : ksres .from 11 to 21 years, none of whom
'aided him in farming and managing the ;
ranch, "one-half of which consists of hilly
)&3id,-and the income from which was not
'; sufficient to support the family in the
style in which they lived."
••" The cross-complaint goes on to say that
•-.defendant had to work out a large portion
■ of the three years he managed the ranch, I
• earning about $300 per year, which he ap- j
. tiJied to the payment of bills incurred by
..'his acquired family and to the taxes and
""expenses of the ranch.
'" ■•. Defendant charges that plaintiff is a '
■■•woman of high temper, of a jealous and ]
/captious disposition, often accusing him |
' of undue intimacy with other women. j
end -taking the part of her children in all ;
- different -s between them and himself, i
• thereby "breeding a spirit of disrespect and
'disobedience which has destroyed his
. peace of home life and made him miser- !
. able.
. . -'Tie cites one ca.se of disrespect that oc-
c urred in April, 1894, when, as he brought \
his l>uggy out to attend the funeral of a
Iri-end;. two of the children drove away ;
with the rig. Again, on May 1, 18W, when
.'::':■ fas about to drive with plaintiff to a j
picnic, the same two obstreperous chil- j
dren foiled him without any objections i
■ from their mother.
• •' These occurrences were so frequent that !
, defendant, in a fit of unhappiness and dis- :
'. .pus't. on May 1. 1894, left his home. When
he returned, nineteen days later, the door
was locked in his face, and his wife told
" iiim- from a window that she did not care
• ■"■if" he never came back.
When, en June 20, 1334, he had heard his i
'. ■wife was sick he called at the house, but j
..the wife refused to become reconciled or I
.. -t-o "receive proffered money, telling him he !
•"•h-Sd come back only i:. the hope or getting j
.: Trier ad and thinking' that she would die.
-In Mey. 396, he again tried to effect a j
reconciliation, but was again greeted with
. "$L- door.
• N£w Jose Feliz. through his attorney. '■
■ I >.- M. Connorv, asks the court not to '
• grant his cruel spouse a decree of divorce, !
f>ut to listen to his prayer and grant him :
iiij: freedom from wife and family.
SHE STARVED HERSELF.
; Mrs. Fanny Silva. a Patient. Refuses
Food and Is Arrested for
Insanity.
"Ak'LAXD, Feb. 25.— Mrs. Fanny Silva. |
■y widow, ;i£--- '1 X years, was re-!
moved from Fabioia Hospital to the Re- j
i to-day and will be ex
: Btnip.ed for insanity next Monday morn-
Mrs.-. Siiva recently underwent an ope
r.itipn i'or abscess at Fal.iola. wh
'•.has-been under treatment for the past'
" three- weeks. During the last few days '
" to partake of
ar.y nourishment. She is the mother of
■two little children, and resided at &73
: Washington street.
■ When visited at tho Recetvtns Hospital '
this afternoon bs' a sfst*r who resi
SoianO County, Mrs. Silva hardly recog- ■
"niz«'d her, and talked deliriously and at
" -random.
. .■ ■ ♦ •
■ •' No More Expectoration.
■■••■OAKLAND, Feb. Mayor Thomas j
• to-day approved the ordinance prohibiting j
"•expectoration on sidewalks, in cars .and I
• public places,. and the new law is now in
effect. Chief of Police Fletcher; however,
..has announced that the police .will .not
•. erfforce the law until next Monday, so
•a?, to give habitual "spitters" ample op
• -portunfty to become apprised of its ex
• Tstence. The penalty for the. first offense
"Vfe.-$8 ■ • -
:•'. ; ' Oakland Boy Missing.
' OAKLAND, Feb. 25,-^-Paul Yocum. the !
: 12-year-old son of Fred Yocum of 1787
•^Seventh street. West Oakland, has been
• missing'- since last Thursday. On that I
"day the boy left home to attend the Pres-
: cbtt School, as usual, and has not been
.seen- or heard from since. The missing
t>oy was Pressed in a light waist, brown
' coat; knee pants and brown cap. He is
-••small for his age. of light complexion, \
..blue eyes and chestnut brown hair.
•-• • . Committed to Whittier.
• •=" OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— Judge Ogden to
'"•' day committed Tony Dellarocca to Whit
tler.- D^llarocco Is the eleven-year-old lad ,
who was convicted in the Police Court of
• : havinc stolen $10 from his teacher. Miss
•Campbell. With some of the money he
bought a watch, and the balance he
"buried Two of the lad's older brothers
.were recently sent to Whittier also as in- ;
err: p.:
* Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Feb. 25.— 1t . has been j
\. . ADVERTISEMENTS.
"77"^
• v"": / >/• ; Carry a vial of "Seventy-seven";
■■;■ ;\ :.-'•. -.Take frequently &rd escape the
GRIP
-v'f-" ! r:r---The Dangers of Grip.
••;' . Piieiiinoiiin will not develop under
treatment by "77." because the dis-
ease is held In check and the Cold
"broken up" before Pneumonia
- sets In.
"• This is a boon to the short-fat,
-thick-set persons, who are in the
greatest danger and by using "77"
escape.
Heart Failure.— The aged and
feeble may well beware of a sudden
• Chill or Cold and- keep "I"?" handy;
its prompt use tides over the mo-
ment of danger. - •
At <JruEsrist* or sent prepaid; 23c,_ COc and fL
t > ' DR. HUMPHREYS' BOOK SENT- FREE.
Humphreys Med. Co.. cor. .■vyniiam arid John
6U>.. New York. - Be sure to get
HUMPHREYS',
I agreed that Judge Hall act as arbiter in '
I the claim of Dr. F. C. Castelhun against i
the estate of Alice M. Pearson for $4525, |
claimed due for medical services ren
dered. The matter will be heard March 13.
Articles of incorporation were filed to
| day with the County Clerk by the United
; States Acetylene Gas Company, with its
principal place of business in Oakland.
The directors are Frank C. Howe. W. O.
Bradley, George C. Jensen. Charles Flint
and Sylvester Merrill, all of Alameda
city. The capital stock amounts to
$40,000, of which $600 has been subscrjoed.
James Carey, who at one time lived In ,
comfortable circumstances, was arrested j
this evening on a charge of stealing six (
bottles from Becovitch'a bottle yard.
Carey says he stole the bottles intending
to buy food with the proceeds of their
sale. ■ '
A force of engineers has been busy the
past few days surveying the proposed
extension of the San Pablo avenue street
car line from its present terminus at Em
eryville to Berkeley. The road is soon
to be transformed from a cable system to
I an electric line.
—■ ♦ ■
!
i
!
!
i
I
i
i
i
:
:
I
.
i
|
I
I
I
j
!
i
:
i
!
i
.
'
NAMES A CITY TICKET.
Republican Convention Wants Office
of City Superintendent of
Schools Abolished.
BERKELEY, Feb. 25.—Pursuant to a
call of the Republican Central Committee
the Republican convention met In Shat
tuck Hall to-night to place a ticket in the
field for the coming municipal election.
One hundred and five delegates, repre
senting the seven wards of the city, occu
pied the floor when Lee F. Hampton
called the assembly to order. E. T. Harms
was chosen temporary chairman and at
onca appointed a, platform committee,
consisting of W. C. Moran. E. C. Marliare,
H. C. Barrow, J. E. Streightif. H. Cripps.
A. A. Schuster and P. Remond. After
temporary adjournment this committee
reported In favor of a platform, the two
principal provisions of which called for a
more vigorous enforcement of the one
mile limit liquor law and for the abolition
of the office of City Superintendent of
Schools. The latter, although not stated
in so many words, was nevertheless the
underlying import of a somewhat vaguely
wordod measure stating that certain-funds
now expended by the school department
ought to be put to different uses. The
ticket nominated is as follows:
Trustees—First Ward. XV. H. Marston;
Third Ward, E. Q. Turner: Fifth Ward.
R Staats; Seventh Ward, W. Mullholland.
School Directors—First Ward. F. F.
Connor; Third Ward, J. R. Little; Fifth
Ward, A. T. Sutherland; Seventh Ward,
Thomas Wilson.
Library Trustees at Large—S. D. Water
man. H." D. Erwin, A. W. Naylor, A. F.
Lange, C. W. Davis.
Treasurer—John Squires.
Assessor—Isaac Wells.
Marshal— Stewart, .
Clerk—M. L. Hanscom.
■ ♦ .
OAKLAND NATIVE DAUGHTERS,
Aloha Parlor No. 106 Instituted With
Twenty-Eight Charter Members.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2o.Aloha Parlor No.
10$, Native Daughters of the Golden West,
was formally instituted Thursday by
Grand.District Deputy Miss .Suryham, at
California Hall, with the following officers:
Mrs. F. W. Little, past president; Mrs.
Thomas Landregan, president r Miss D.
Sisterno, first vice president; Miss Han
son. second vice president; Mrs. Malony.
third vice president; Miss Kate Moore,
recording secretary; Miss Delflne Larson.
financial secretary; Miss Lulu Roney,
marshal; Miss M. Ayden, treasurer;, Mrs
H Kibbey. Mrs. Charles W, Spear Miss j
Cecelia Hoff, trustees;-Miss Lottie Sleep- |
er, organist. The new parlor was organ- ,
ized by Mrs. Belle Conrad and Mr.-.
Thomas Landregan. and starts out with
twenty-eight charter members. Meetings ;
will be held Thursday nights. Several
grand officers and many members of Pied
mont Parlor were in attendance.
The Reaper.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 25.-Richard Pember
thv died this evening at the home of his
brother-in-law. T. C. Stoddard. .Eagle
avenue near Willow street. He has been
ailing for many months'with -cancer-of
th"" stomach. Decedent leaves^ a widow,
and several children. He was years of (
a^Thoma.« Knowland. brother of Joseph j
Krowland of this city, and uncle of As- ;
£mblyman Knowland. died yesterday at
the King's Daughters' Home in San
Francisco! He was a native or New
York aged 63 years. He had resided in
California for nearly thirty years, during
most of which time he was engaged in
mining.
Recreation Club Whist Tournament.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 25.— first games
of the Encinal Recreation Club s whist
tournament will be played to-morrow
night. The entries are follows: M. G.
Eyre G. N. Tyler, M. G. Curtis, H. M.
Larhe W. D. Littleton, Samuel Center,
H. B. Blanding. C. W. Hopkins, A. L.
Behneman, Dr. T. B. Key. C. W. Danly,
G. B. Dln?more, J. N. Brewer. F.. I. Ham
ma. H. S. Orr. H. O. Tenney. H. Marshall.
F. H. Perkins. F. C. Howland, C. W. Nel- ,
son. A. Friedlander. Dr. W. R. Hughes.
C E. Innes. C. E. Hamilton. J. O. Men
zies. F. Royle. George A. Innes, Paul Bar
num. T. P. Sherman, F. Brown.
Painters Have a Grievance.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 25.-The Alameda \
Painters' Union will meet Monday, night |
to air an alleged grievance against the
Board of Education. It is claimed that
the board has been having the janitors
do the painting and varnishing, in and
about the school buildings during vaca
tion time. The painters say this works
an injustice to them, a? they pay taxes to
support the schools and deserve what
ever patronage in their line is given out
by the Board of Education.
Alameda News Notes. '
A.LAMEDA. Feb. 25.—A concert and
dance was given this evening at Armory
Hall by Company G. The attendance was ;
large. Lieutenant E. R. McDonell was ;
floor manager. The floor committee was: \
First Sergeant H. E. Harvey. Quarter
master Sergeant Sidney Marshall. Cor
porals Elmo Harvey.and Ellis Ray "and
Private George Hard. The reception
committee was composed of Captain M.
W. Simpson. Sergeant R. E. Hopps. Cor- ;
poral Asa Perkins and Private M. M.
Moral cc.
* The threatened epidemic of diphtheria ,
has been conquered completely by prompt
action of the Health Department.' No
new cases have developed during the past
week, and the quarantine was removed .
from the last infected house this morn- ;
The Alameda Free Library has experi
enced during the last five days the live
liest time in its history. Over 500 toooks ;
have been circulated daily.
The following programme of music will
bp rendered to-morrow at the First M. E.
Church: Organ prelude; hymn: anthem, j
"Sing. O Heaven .; response, "Grant Us. '
Dear Lord"; chorus, "Jesus and Shall It
Ever Be": offertory solo. "Nearer, My
God. to Thee"; quartet, "Tell It Again";
hymn: organ postlude. The choir is di
rected by E. ,T. M. Eckert. Mrs. N. B.
Frisbie is soprano soloist. W. A. Mitchell
tenor and Charles Many basso.
As Duke of Rothesay the Prince of
Wales is the holder of the first, dukedom
created in Scotland, just 500 years ago. j
RODE THE BRAKEBEAM
ACROSS THE CONTINENT
OAKLAND. Feb. 25.— A bright, intelligent, youthful face, tanned to a
nut brown from exposure, looked up imploringly into the kindly counte
nance of Judge Ogden this morning, pleading not to be sent to Whittfcr
Reform School. The owner of the face was John Osborne. aged 16 years,
who had left his home at 127 East One Hundred and Twenty-fourth street,
New York, last October, and had been tramping it across the continent,
riding brakebeams and in freight cars, finally reaching, as he supposed,
the land of sunshine, flowers und plenty. Unfortunately, he did not know
that Constables too were plenty in California and worked under a fee
m. As his big honest eyes looked up to the Judge, young Osborne
ftal4:
"I had been :n Berkeley only three hours when I was arrested as a
vagrant. Aftor serving three days in jail there I went to Emeryville.
Inside of two hours I was again nabbed by a Constable, because I asked
for a pair of old shoes. I offered to work for the shoes. But the Con
stable was pretty good to me. He fed me and gave me about 50 cents
altogether. I do not want to go to the Industrial School. I prefer to learn
a rr;uie and work."
The lad's story touched his Honor's heart and Judge Ogden decided to
try at leaat to communicate with the boy's uncle, or father, who is a litho
grapher in Xfw York. Osborne says he has an uncle living in San Fr»n
cisco named William Stanbridge. but could not find him.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
MRS. HAWLEY`S
WILL HAS BEEN
DECLARED BOGUS
Judge Hall Denies Its
Probate.
ANOTHER SENSATION SPRUNG!
WITNESSES SIGNED TWO WEEKS ;
AFTER HER DEATH.
Finale in the Contest Over the
$30,000 Estate of a Woman
Who Is Supposed to Have
Committed Suicide.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Feb. 25.
There was a decided sensation in Judge
Hall's court to-day when the alleged will
of the late Mary F. Hawley, offered for
probate, was declared invalid, to the great j
surprise of 11. M. Barstow, attorney for
Will Q Hawkett, special administrator Of
the estate.
The matter has been replete with sensa- j
tions that have been exploited In The Call |
from time to time.
Mrs. Hawley died on September 7, 1597.
from what was supposed to be a self-in
flicted wound. The shot was fired in the I
night time when she was beside her hus- ;
band in bed. It was afterward claimed
that she had been previously ill and men- ;
tally deranged. She left property located i
at Napa. producing an annual income of :
S3OOO, and her entire estate is valued at <
$30,000.
A will alleged to have been executed
in San Rafael, in 1895, was produced and
filed for probate, and on petition of \\ U
liam Hawley, the widower, his friend. >
"Will G. Hawkett. was appointed special |
administrator. This will bequeathed the j
entire estate to Hawley, the husband, and :
was witnessed ostensibly by William
Kane and his wife. Lizzie Kane.
Mrs. Hawley had left three brothers, •
named Edgington, and a sister. Mrs. R. A. j
Pickett, who immediately prepared con- j
test. It was intimated that perhaps Mr?.
Hawley had been murder.cd. and to sup
port this theory Sheriff Mi Ken*le of ■
Napa was to have been the chief witness.
The contest has been pending over a year,
and now McKenzie is himself charged
with crime, and Hawley has not been seen
for several months.
When the matter of probating the al
leged will came up before Judge Hall to
day, the contestants were represented by
Attorney John T. York. Attorney BWB
-j tow. in his effort to prove the will, called
■ Mr. and Mrs. Ksne. the alleged subscnb- ;
i ing witnesses, aiid fatera came the surprise.
i for both unhesitatingly testified that they j
! had merely signed the document two
'< weeks after Mrs. Hawley* a death, as a j
favor for Mr. Hawley.
The will was therefore declared bogus.
Attorney Barstow wished to testify to his
! innocence in the matter, but Judge Hall
assured him there was no suspicion on '
that score.
Mr< Hawley's estate will now be ad
ministered upon and distributed as
though there was no will, and the con- |
testants and a daughter of a dead sister
will receive a. share.
Incidentally It is jntimated that the i
Grand Jury may take a hand in the mat- j
ter. ____^__—
ONCE MORE CHARGED
WITH MALPRACTICE
DR. J. C. SHARPS VICTIM'S
DYING STATEMENT.
He Shrewdly Persuaded Her to Make
a Written Denial That He Had
Criminally Operated
Upon Her.
OAKLAND. Feb. 2.".— Anna K. Jacob
sen, a domestic, died at tile Lester House
to-night from the effect of a criminal op
eration performed some days ago by the
notorious Dr. J. C. Sharp. The woman
is 27 years of age and has never been
married. Miss Jaco'osen came down from
Suisun Valley a few days ago. She took
t a room at the Lester House, on Eighth
street, and was treated by Dr. Sharp.
She told an acquaintance that the au
thor of her troubles was a farmer near
Suisun, on whose ranch she had been
employed.
After being treated by Dr. Sharp she
developed symptoms of blood poisoning,
and Dj. Frank T. Lamb of San Fran
i isco was called .to the woman. She be
oaase rapidly worse, and as soon as Dr.
Lamb saw that Miss Jacobsen was suf
fering from the result of a criminal ope
ration he consulted with Drs. Fearn and
Derrick of this city. To these doctors
the girl told her pitiful story, and said
that after Sharp had performed an ope
ration he induced her to sign a confes
sion stating that he was not responsible
for the operation and that she had been
treated before she went to him. She told
Drs. Fearn. Derrick and Lamb that this
statement was false, and that she was
forced to give it to Sharp. She said
that he alone- performed the operation and
was responsible for the results.
The doctors informed District Attorney
Alien and Coroner Mehrmann of the facts
and it was decided to arrest Sharp. The
woman's ant^-mortem statement was
made late this afternoon and soon after
she became unconscious and died to-night.
In her statement she accuses Dr.
Sharp, and she told the doctors that
Henry Carpenter Jr., a rancher of Sui
sun Valley, was responsible for her con
dition when she came to Oakland.
Dr. Sharp is the practitioner who was
charged with the murder of Anna John
son a year ago. The evidence on that oc
casion" was conclusive but the prisoner
was saved by a technicality that prevent
ed the admission of the young girl's ante
mortem statement, because it could not
be proved that she had given up all hope
of living. The detectives are seeking
Sharoe. _
One of the curiosities of the Isle of
Mahe. in the Indian Ocean, is the chapel
that is built of coral.
DOES NOT MERIT
RAIN IF BURNS
BE ELECTED
Dr. Dille Thinks All
Should Pray.
PETITION TO THE GOVERNOR
.
DAY OF SUPPLICATION FOR
RAIN PROPOSED.
The Rev. N. R. Johnston Wants the '
Ministerial Union to Take the In
itiative in th 6 Matter — Do
Not All Agree.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, i
908 Broadway, Feb. 25.
Is California so wicked that the Al
mighty has declared it to be unworthy of
rain to refresh the earth? This is the
question solemnly addressed to the min
isters of Oakland by Rev. N. R. Johnston.
Rev. N. R. Johnston has sent a commu- j
r.ication to Rev. Dr. Coyle asking the lat- j
ter to call a special meeting of the Minis
terlftJ Association to petition Governor j
Gage to declare a day of prayer for rain
in this State. In his request Dr. John- !
tt"ii compares California to Nineveh and
says that this State needs to learn a lea
son to-day to avert a threatened judg- 1
ment. "If for the wickedness of them j
that dwell therein," says he, "God turns
a fruitful land into barrenness, Califor
nia may yet become a waste unless the I
people cease from their sins and cail upon j
the merciful heaven by prayer. More than j
this, as in the sight of God the cities are j
generally tho most sinful portions of our j
State, how fit and morally beautiful i
would it be if San Francisco and other
citi. s, in response to the call of their j
Mayors, should declare a fast day for the
purpose of having the parched earth re
viv a."
The Rev. Dr. Coyle does not view kindly
the proposition to call a special meeting j
to petition Governor Gage. Dr. Coyle iaya
that Dr. Johnston's views are an indt- I
vldual matter, and something he does not •
car.' to discuss.
The Rev. C. H. Hobart believes that
such a thir.g would be entirely proper, i
He say*: "Yes. I believe we ought to pray !
tor rain and also repent of our sins, to j
make it reasonable for God to give it to
us. A State that could seriously contem- j
plate sending Dan Burns to Washington
does not deserve rain— no, not even dew.
But God is good and often gives us much
more than we deserve."
The Rev. C. M. Hill of the Tenth Ave
nue Baptist Church doubts the propriety i
of involving political agencies in such a
matter, and believes that each Christian
should pray for hims-lf.
Rector F. J. Mynard says he has been :
using the Episcopal prayer for rain for
r 1 weeks and rather favors the idea.
The Rev. J. S. McDonald. Dr. Coyle's
assistant pastor, has had some experience
In this direction. "During the beginning i
of the drought last year when I was con- !
ducting meetings' in Solano County I se- i
cured a general meeting of the churches j
and we had special prayer for rain and !
rain fell, but hardly enough to save the ;
' 'tlh-' Rev. J. \V. Phillips believes in j
praying for rain and differs from those who
believe that these matters are governed
by flxod laws. He does not believe that ,
tne Lord has established any laws that
he cannot repeal or suspend. On Monday j
the Oakland clergy will meet but it is
hardly likely that they will take any ac- j
tion In the matter.
COLLEGE MEN PLAY
FIREMAN'S FUND TEAM
University of California Baseball
Team Wins After a Closely
Contest-d Game.
BERKELEY, Feb. 25.— Once more the
University of California has carried off
the honors of the diamond. This time it
was against the Fireman's Fund team
from San Francisco. The two teams met
this afternoon upon the college campus
for the second time this season, California
winning by a score of 10 to 7.
Both sides showed up well, better by
far than in the last game a week ago.
Corbett Is working a marked improvement
in the college men. This is seen at its
best advantage, perhaps, in Kaarsburg s
Ditching, which quite excelled anything
that he has done before. Maclaren all
round played the college men's star game.
His fielding was quite above the ordinary-
For a time at the beginning it seemed
the home team would have everything
its own way. the score having reached
10 to 2- in their favor. But by a grand
stroke of luck the Fireman's Fund men
made five runs in the sixth Inning, bring
ing their total up to that given in the
foregoing. _
A Pre-Election Disagreement.
\LAIIEDA, Feb. 25.— An effort will be
made by Attorney R. B. Tappan to pre
vent the City Clerk placing the designa
tion "Municipal League on the official
ballot after the names of the nominees
of that party. Clerk Lamborn has stated
that he will designate the candidates ac
cording to the conventions nominating
them. Mr. Tappan says if he attempts
to carry out his intention he will apply
to the Superior Court for a writ of pro
hibition on the ground that the Municipal
I eague is not a recognized political or
ganization under the law, not having
polled 3 per cent of the total vote cast at
the last city election. The League was
not in existence at that time. Mr. Tap
nan says he is not acting in the interest
of any party or candidate and is only act
uated by a desire to have the election
conducted strictly within the letter of the
iaw. _______________
BITTER WIND BLEW
ON PRESIDIO LINKS
H. BABCOCK IS CHAMPION AT
MATCH PLAY.
Victory Falls to the Same Skillful
Player in the Washington
Birthday Handicap.
The past week has been a busy one
among the local golfers. On Saturday.
February 18. the final round of the third
tournament for the Tibbetts cup, which '
was begun on February 4. was played be
tween D. F. Belden and E. R. Folger on
the Oakland links. It resulted in a vic
tory for the latter, who will be entitled to
play In the final tournament, which will
take place- at the close of the season and
will decide the possession and ownership
of the trophy. On the same afternoon j
mixed foursomes were played on the j
Adams Point course. Seven ladies were
paired with seven gentlemen. One pair
drew a bye, leaving six pairs, or three four
somes, in the lirst round, the winners in
which entered the second round. The
third and final round was played on
Washington's birthday between Miss Alice
Molfitt and P. E. Bowles Jr. and Mrs. W.
P. Johnson and P. E. Bowles. It re
sulted In a victory for the former team,
after a keen contest.
On Monday last Mrs. Oscar F. Long en- ;
tertained twenty-four young ladiea.
twelve from each side of the bay, at the ,
Oakland Club house. After luncheon the !
girls adjourned to the links and played for
twelve prize*, of which the Oakland fflrla ,
secured ten. Miss E. tf. Morgan and Miss
M. B. Houghton being the San Francisco
girls who were successful.
On Washington's birthday there were j
men's foursomes on the Oakland links. ;
Twenty players entered, and the final
round was between Hutchinson and
Greenwood and McKee and McDonald. ,
The 'nrmer pair won the first prize.
On Saturday, the 15th inst.. .Mrs. H.
B. Goodwin made a round on the links of
San Francisco Golf Club in 70. and Miss •
Therese Morgan in 84.
Oa Washington's birthday the last
round of the championship at match play,
the earlier rounds of which were played
during the Christmas holidays, took place
between H. Babcock and J. W. Byrne. ;
The former, who played throughout the i
day in excellent stylu. won by four up,
and thus became the c hamplon at match
play of the San Francisco Club,
On the same day the first round of the
Washington birthday handicap, match
play, at 18 holes, was played. The com
petition was continued and concluded yes
terday in decidedly unfavorable weather, •
for a'strong. bitter wind blew across the i
links. After the second round E. J. M- -
Cutchen withdrew, leaving H. Babcock
Rnd H. B. Goodwin to contend in the final
round. H. Babcock took first prize, and
H. B. Goodwin second. Of the eleven play- .
ers entered. S. L. Abbott Jr. was the only <
one who played from ecratch. the others
receiving handicaps of 4 or 12. A hand!
cap of f gives the player receiving it an
additional stroke on the second, fourth,
sixteenth and seventeenth holes, while *
handicap of U gives the player receiving:
it an extra stroke on the second, third,
fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, tenth
twelfth, fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth
and eighteenth holes. Each _ player re
ceived two-thirds of the handicap that he
would be entitled to at medal play. The
results are shown in the table:
PLAYERS.
■
&
to
i *
c
c
•<
First Round— ■ •
5. L.- Abbott Jr...:..'.^'..;
i. Babcock .....w.....
Z. P. EeJls
1. D. Pillsbury :......
.'. Page ...'...
■:. J. McCutchen
V. B. Watson
'. W. Byrne
:. p. Eells
f. D. Harvey
i. B. Goodwin
0
4
12
4
4
4
12
4
IS
12
4
i'i'up
1 up
1 up
7 up
i Bye
Second round— H. Rabcoek beat H. D. Pills- ;
bury 1 up on 19 holes. E. J. McCutchen beat
J. W. Byrne 4 up. H. B. Goodwin beat J. D.
Harvey 6 up and 2 to play.
Third round— H. Babcook beat H. B. Good
win 6 up and o to play.
Several ladies have been out for prac
tice since Washington's btrthday. On
Thursday Miss GayTord and Mrs. H. B.
Goodwin were in the links. On Friday
Mrs. Gilman Brown made three rounds in
69 65 and 71; Miss Mabel O'Connor mauc
nine holes in SI; Miss Ella O'Connor went
round In 93. Miss Gaylord in 97. *nd Mrs.
H. B. Goodwin in 80. Yesterday Mi.-:s Oay
lord registered a score of 91. while Mrs.
H. B Goodwin. Miss Van Ness and Miss
Therese Morgan were out for practice,
bat made no returns.
At the Adams Point links several pair?
went round the course, but the expected
competition did not come off. either from
paucity of entries or because the fvent
scheduled for yesterday was played off
on Washington's birthday.
TENNIS TOURNAMENTS.
Ladies of the California Club Finish
an Interesting Competition.
There were two tennis tournaments dur
ing the past week— one at the California
Tennis Club, in which the young ladies
participated, and the other for the male
players of the Alameda Club on their
courts across the bay.
The Alameda tournament was a doubles
and was won by Hunt and Murdock.
which lean seems to be the best that
club can produce. Altogether the tour
nament was a success and in the closing
mutches some excellent tennis was wit
nessed.
The ladies' tournament at the California
club brought out a number of the femi
nine racket-wiolders. In the preliminary
matches Miss Bowman and Miss Elsie
Clark at Bcratoh, won from Miss Hun
ter and Miss Eisen, the score reading
Miss Lacy and Miss Farnsworth with
30 could not win from Miss Bowman and
Miss Clark, who attached two sets, 6 — !„
6—3. •■• • " • '• ' '-" • ' ■ ■- iV* '
M«8»- Hunter and Miss Eisen gave a
handicap of 30 to Miss Lacy and Miss
Farnsworth and won the match with the'
score of 6—3, o—6, 6—4. .
Miss E. Eekart and Miss Foster de
feated Miss Lacy and Miss Farnsworth.
6—4. 6—2. -
Miss" Foster and Miss Eckart. with a
handicap of 30, defeated Miss Bowman
and Mies Clark. 6-4. 8-6, 6-2..
Miss Foster and Miss Eckart defeated
Miss Hunter and Miss Eisen. 6—4,
The tournament was finished yesterday
afternoon. Mis* Bowman and Misss Clark
beat Miss Hunter and Miss Eisen, —
6—l, 7—5; Miss Hunter and Miss Eisen
beat Miss Foster and Miss Eckart. 6—l,
5_7 $_3; Miss Bowman and Miss Clark
beat Miss Foster and Miss Eckart, 5—7,
6—l. 6—4.
During the week a number of players
were out for practice matches but no
contests of any special importance were
played. This afternoon If a sufficient
number appear on the courts an im
promptu doubles tournament will be
played.
Underwriters Enjoy a Banquet.
A jovial crowd of underwriters enjoyed
a banquet in the Occidental Hotel laet
night. After the toasts to the absent
ones resolutions were adopted tending to
eliminate certain practices of solicitors
which for a long timo pioved discomfort
ing to the general public. Then business
cares were forgotten, business rivalry was
buried and all joined hands and na-.I a
general good time. Among thost present
were: W. A. Jacobs. W. H. Dunphy, 11.
C. Donnels. John Landers, C. M. T.
Parker. Edwin H. Bacon. Robert W. Xeal,
Fred Stolp. Henry K. Field. Charles A.
MoLane. Clarence M. Smith. John M. Kil
garlf. Fred H. P.faver and W. C. Leavitt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
sentfreeJolen
The State Medical Institute Discorers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigw.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remartcable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind It
Cured co many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical ,
suffering of lost manhood that the insti- i
tute has decided to distribute free trial :
nackages to all who write. It is a hoin©
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness, resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of !
stronjrth and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now euro
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct '
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
Uobs and has been an absolute success
in all cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute. 193 First National Bank
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack
ages will be complied with. The Jnstltuta
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it Is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
RADWAYS'S BEADY RELIEF has stood >
unrivsJed before Uae public for M years as a I
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, tic re Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
Xor aialari* ana ail Bcwsl Pains. Ail druggist*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant. Simple, but Sat: and Ef-
■ fectual Cure fcr It.
Catarrh of stomach has long been con-
sidered the next thing to incurable. The
usual symptoms are a full or bloating
sensation after eating, accompanied some-
times with sour or watery risings, a for-
mation of gases; causing pressure on the
heart and lungs and difficult breathing;
headaches, fickle appetite, nervousness
and a general played out. languid feeling.
There Is often a foul taste In the mouth.
coated tongue and if the interior of the j
stomach could be seen it would show a
slimy, inflamed condition.
The cure of this common and obstinate
trouble is found in a treatment which
causes the food to be readily, thoroughly
digested before it has time to ferment )
and irritate the delicate mucous Furfaces
of the stomach. To secure a prompt and
healthy digestion is the one necessary ;
thing to do and when, normal digestion is
secured the catarrhal condition will have :
disappeared.
According to Dr. Harlanson the safest
and best treatment is to use after each [
meal a tablet, composed of Diastase, Asep-
tic Pepsin, a little N'ux, Golden Seal and
fruit acids. These tablets can now be found '
at all drugstores under the name of Stu- '
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, and not being a ]
patent medicine can be used with perfect
safety and assurance that healthy appe- I
tite and thorough digestion will follow j
their regular use after meats.
Mr. N. J. Booher of 2710 Dearborn st.,
Chicago, II!.. writes: "Catarrh Is a local
condition resulting from a neglected cold ■
In the head, whereby the lining membrane
of the nose becomes inflamed and the |
poisonous discharge therefrom pass- \
ing backward into the throat reaches ;
the stomach, thus producing ca- |
tarrh of the stomach. Medical au- ;
thorities prescribed for me for three '
years for catarrh of the stomach without
cure, but to-day I am the happiest of men :
after using only one box of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets. I cannot find appropriate ;
words to express my good feeling. I have ;
found flesh, appetite and sound rest from
their use."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the safest
preparation as well as the simplest and >
most "convenient remedy for any form of :
Indigestion, catarrh of the stomach, bil- j
iousness, sour stomach, heartburn and '
bloating after meals. • '
Send for little book, mailed free, on
stomach troubles, by addressing Stuart
Co., Marshall. Mich. The tablets can be
found- at all drugstores.
■
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street. |
Jlff3l>l— Dr. Wcr.g Him. Noa. ',
■dWSSigm lie and 117 Mason street,
fts|fcf B *'«ji tan Francisco, CaJ.— Tills j
wßjt ¥ Is to certify that I hare
lSJJka^ J beer, tor several y«an ;
tJV j » ,i a great sufferer from
vgMSS J Bright* Disease of the
JUr&T^ / Kidneys, a tumor in th«
JBBSSZ' A left side ar.J ether dls-
i™|Dr^«Mi> %&w rases Incidental to fe-
J^Sfr&hrJ ,jS?^n»Ues; that 1 have for !
▼f^MBBK^KHk'i' 1 weeks and months at a
TWPHBwqBs'iP time been totally unable
to attend to my domestic affairs, and much ot
the time confined to the bed. Nothing could
be done tor me that aftorded more than tempo-
rary relief. About three months ago I was ad- :
Vised to place myself under your treatment.
On my first interview, after feeling my puls-.
M described my condition more accurately
than I could have done myself. After using
rour medicine and following your -jdvice sine*
that time : am vary happy to say I have en-
tirely recovered my health; am fully able to
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a lar*.
family of children; Indeed, for the past 15 or It
rears I have not enjoyed as robust health. :
T MRS. HETTIJ3 E. LOWE.
»871 2*th street. San Francisco. Cal.
October IS. UH. . . '
ÜBDIIU'C FOR KITIIF.R SITS.
|»& Dnlln » This remedy -being in-
■-j«w**»* directly to the ;
G£BS\ seat of those diseases
Q , ■" of the ttenito-l'rinary
Ml IB Organs, requires no
Cll {_a change of die:. Core
-32- guaranteed in 1 to 3
Hay«». Small plain pack-
ATTST< a^°- I>v mail, . «I.O©.
V* W *^ai3^olu only by " - *
GEO. DAHLBEXDER & CO.. Sole Agents,
214 Keanry at.. Son Francisco. Cal. j
tviMt DR. JORDAN'S <>-"<
J£L Museum of Anatomy
j|Bß\ 1631 3U2EK 81. *•♦- 6th i 7th, S. T. Cai. ;
a \B ■ The L»rgestofits tindla tie V.'»r;i.
lSggt\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
C«B«o!t»:««B tree. Write for B»«k
lv Philosophy of Marriage.
m«ilcci mcc.
■&■■ ssa a MAC'S Infallible Pile
■1I I ■ H -ill Cure ! Cure? a!! cases of
BvIS L blind. bleeding. Itching. '
wi 9 i r «r^^ protruding piles. . Cases of i
I i ftL. L. E. M years' standing cured by
■• ■■■B~i~BF single 50c box. . .
A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists,
504 Washington Street. San Francisco. '
j#ffI^DEWEY.STRQNG &Co.jg&K
rl I^SATENTSf >)
MARKET ST. S-f.^teggy
RAILROAD TRAVEL. :
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
ippflDflion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND T.IBRART CARS
* WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBL.E DRAWING ROOM St,EEPER3.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
" : ONLY 2% DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily a: I p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent. •
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUI3
-VALLEY RAILWAY .COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899. trains will run as fallowa; i
South-bound. j - I North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. : Mixedf" |Pa»sen- ;
- ger. Sunday t Stations. Sunday j ser.
Dally, Exc'ptd I , Esc'ptd i ' '""•/•_ '
' 7:20 am ; Tfi :.".-. :l :r. Stockton . 1:43 pm! C:W pni
9:10 am 2:05 pm " Merced 1J:4O pm 4:13 iirn :
10:43 am 5:35 pm Fr?sao 9:3«am{ !:« pm.L
11:» am 7:« pm - Hanford "- «m l:«a pra .
t-.K pm 12:30 err.' BakeainaM S:CO a.-n ll:C0 *ru !
11:59 ami 6.25 pail.- Visalia i 8:40 am l:SpB j
1215 pin! 6:5" pm Tulare .s^o ami 1:0.. pm j
' Stopping at intermed'ate points' as required. '■.
For particulars of stag- and ether. conn^ctirir.s [
Inquire at Mamc-»r's Oflie-. >-l Market j
«tr««U San Kr'anp^tf o- . .- - :
* MOUNT TAMALPAIS . SCENIC RAILWAY.
•.', (Via SatiMlito "erry.) :.
Leave Ean FraacUco. commeneln» Sucday.
Sept.- 11. 1S«: ■■• ■■--•■-. ■ - ■'-■• ■■■'
Week Daya— 9:30 a. ta..V.a p. m. „
1 Btmday»-« «>. 10:«. U:JO a. ax.. 1:» » a.
-Round trip from Mill .'alley, n.
THOS ; COOK & SON. Agents, • <n Mark*:
"*"*** ***** BV *™* 11 "" 11
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
WI'TUKBJI r*«IPIC coairAsrr.
(PACIFIC HYhTBM.)
Truln. IfKTK nntl tire °iln« to arrive ••
MAM FKAN4-ISIO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
ÜBV** — From Deo. 18. 1898. — ARnrra
"•aYo*"* Nile*, Sen Jose and Way Stations... •»:4.">i
7:04 a U»ii!ci», Bniaua and Bacramecto.... 3:43r
~ :OO.v SUryjTille, OroiiUe »ud B«ddlu( via
Woodland s_f
?:O»A EJmln, V»c«Ti!le »nd Ramsey Bj43r
~ :3l> a M irtiuez. fan Itanion, V»I!ejo. >"*:»,
CsiU'.rga tnd Banta Koaa S:l3f
8:00* Atlantic Express. i..'jieii and Kant.. li»»
»i:it»A Sih Jose, LiTermore, stitoki m,
lon*. Sacramento. FUctrriile,
M»rj«Ti!lr. Chico, H«hl Hltiil «il."l*
HiH9\ •Milton, Or\kdil9»cd Jamestown... 4:19p
t:a«A MartliiM. Truer. Latbrop, atecttca,
M>-re-d*r.d Kresno 12:13#
»:(><»» I'reanu, n«>tnfi»ir Ba«ta Ur.tli*ra,
Ix« Adj«l-», Demiua, Xi Fmo,
New Orlsaos and Kul 8:45p
I «:<><• a V»ll,-j.i, Martinez and Wa7 Stations ?:43r
I2:O0u >'CfS. Livermcre, B:oc'cton, siacr»-
nua'.o, Uecdcta. Ilscfurd, VUx'ii.
PcrterriUe 4:13r
•J:«Op S«cnuneiao lUver s>;o*hit» "»:<M||>
4i»»r Martinez, Han Ramon. Vallejo,
Kapa, Ci»hif*ii. s.nta Itosa Hits*
4ioor Benicia, VacaTillc, .Saeruuif>nt(^
Wouiitand, Knights Landing.
_ary»vi!l*. Ororillo lO:4Sa
4:B<»p Nllaa. San Jo«eaud Stockton ?>l3v
S:6OrSan Francisco and Los Angles
"• : Limited. Fresno. BjUiersseid. Los
Angelea t:4 » \
0:30p Stockton. Mftce<l, Fre»no. 12:13#
1 »:3OP Maxiinet. Trjpy. a^rndote. Fresno.
M 'juTe. Hauta . .irlv-r» ami Im*
Au^elwl... -•• »<*»*
|5:0 OF Fscifio Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis. Chicago and East {O:4SA
• :Snp Santa re r... .... Ati-i.^K K»l>rt«
for Moja»e a. .' K»M '■j' 1 '
«J:«M>i KurniNttiiMall, «>K>lmißU«l •«•■».... »:4-1»
e.-OOp Ha/wards. and Han Joae m i.2 A
•«:OOi • Vuilejo ••• » a:l3 ' 1
t7i«M»P Vali^jo, Port Cost* and Way SU-
Mont ;• :»«4.1f
aSivvrOrrgoti rsn.rM»,Macniiiieiito. Marjs-
-till*. Unl.liiiit. Poctlauil. rn(«*
. . Hmimt ana Kaat «... *'*•*
il«:OSpSnn-e; l.iOBi:-d F^-osno, i.os
Aagnles, m l>»o, New Orleans
am* Ea«t ■■■ Bli4S>
"man IiKiMiUO *>"l» ilfWliSi local
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 ■«lro»#, Seminar/ I'ark, (
«iOO» Kltrlihnrjr. Klpilinrst, OiOa
<9:o«a 8a« l.*an.!r.>, South Sam |*»:4.1*
lO.e«K I^an-lro. Kstinlllio, \°}\\ X
<l !:•>«>» • Lore mo. Cherry • 1 - ; *' p
Si»Op an.l ''!!*'
. •:»m»p ltartt«ri!». r^;"'
7ioop « Rut) . Uiro , 1 ,. v to M|| M ""*""
) t From yiTes. l_ m
1 (OAST DIVISION (Narrow l.nnu).
(Foot ct M;«rkBt Street. 1 m
" 8:13 a Newark.CentcnlJle.Ban Jo«fl,Ftltnn.
BoaldcrCrtek,Sant»Oruia3dAVaj
aUtioo*. 3:S»»
•SilSp Jfewsrk. Cecterrillo. S»n Jose, New
Almadeo. F<-ltor, IlnuMer UrMk,
eanU Cru* aii'l l'rincival »»».„.-
Sution* H l_f"
4:|.lp rarit Saa .To*e anl Los Gaiot... !>:*•*
t11:4.1p Hunters' rsion, San Jcae acC
W»T Statiorg I* 0 *
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tonSlli fSISCISCO— Tot: o' Unlit Sirttt S) —
•7:18 9:00 II •!): ■:.U. JI:S3 -' : *
•t:O3 t9:03 *S:3or.-d.
rrsaOllMSCD— f««ltrßriaiwiT.— '<s:oo 8:00 KMX>*.M.
tI2:CO »I:C3 t»:03 ; 3:C3 tfrSO •MS' 1 -"-
lIKSTIiIViMin Kroad Usage).
■ (Third ntid To«nsenil gU) .
7:OOa San .low ami Way StaUMsi (N»w
Aliuulen \Veili!O*liir» only) li»e»
0:©a» Mai, imm, Twm Bus* Santa Crnx.
raeilie <:>•>*«. I'un llnbles, San
- T,nU tllilsju. UuadUlnpe, Unit ami
IM. 'i-rni W*y Stnti.Mm .i'W
l«:4i»» Soil Jot* mi.) Way HUtiouS 2 : 22 A
lli3«a Kan J»»a aixt Way Station* »:3«*
•2:43 1- .San Mat- ... K- ( )w^<l. Memo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San J -«,
Oiiroy. Uolliiter. .Santa (.'rns.
Salinas, Munterey awl raclllo
(;,.,,„ *IO:38l
•B:««pBan.'r«waiiil War Button* * 9: !!t? A
•»:I»1-S*n.lo»e«.".l Principal W»y Stations 9=43a
•3:w»pfteaJosßa.:irri!!Sipal Way Sutloas *>••■* •>*
3«30p San T— ami PrlDCitHi! Way MUtions 2**2
O:3»r Sun Jose an.l WaySUtJmis '•?. '
t11:45r Sau Joe*»m) Way .Siations 7:.>«r
A for Monilnj. 1' for Afternoon.
! •Rmi<ii»»<i«tce!>te.l. : Saaaays only. » .Saturdays o»l»
•fMomhysind Thursdays. aTu-»day» and Saturd«.y«.
! tSatatdarsaadWeJnesdaTS. tThnndiTS aud H-ir..l»rs
__ : ;
CALIFOSNIA NORTHWESTEBN El. CO.
IiHSSEB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Ferry. Foot o* Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:CO. 11:00 a, _.; 12:53,
■ S:SC, 5:18, 6:SO p. m . Thurtdaya— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trij^ at I:6#
and 11:30 p. m. .
iUN'DATS— 8.00. 9:5?. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:80. S-JM,
■ 6:90 <:20 r- m. . . ■
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO, i
VTZKK DATS— C:IO. 7:i:0, 9:20, 11:10 a. in.; U:tt,
8:40, J:l9-p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6.33 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40,- 11:10 a. m. ; 1:«. tM.
! S:CO, 6:25 p. ra.
Between Sari Francisco and Schuetzea Park
f time schedule as above.
" Leave i Arrive
Ban Francisco. " In Effect i Ban Francisce.
October 18.
Week ! Sun- IS9S. Sun- i "Week
t'cr.s- : Days. Destination. days. I days.
1 7:30 am 8:00 am' Xovz.to, 1 10 : a m . "Si 1 am
I 1:3) pm! 9:SO am Petaluma I 6:10 pm'lO:3s aa
1:10 pml 5:00 ptn Santa Rosa, j 7:3." pin 6:22 pm
Fulton.
1 tto am Windsor. 10:15 mm
Healdsburg.
Lyiton.
GeyservtHe,
«:Wpm «:00am Cloverdale. 7:55 pro f£2pa
Hopland and
' 7:30 am Cklah. 7:35 prn 6:22 pra
1 Vso am ' - )10:J5a_»
8:00 am Gurneyvllle. 7:3i< pra
: 1:80 pm 6:22 P3>
I ?:«0 am! J:» am Sonoma Lo:4oam| 3:40 am
and
1 8:19 ptn: 5:00 pn-. Glen Ellen. 5:10 prr «:2J pn*
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebasto^-o). !o:4oam 10:2." am
1:30 pra 5:00 pm, 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm,
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark .West
Springs; at Lytton tor t^tton Springs; at Gay-
' aerviile for Skaggn t?pr\iiKs: at Cloverdale fo*
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs. Eoda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
: Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
! Sprints, Blue Iy«*es, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pcmo. Potter Valley.
; John Day**- Riverside. U«r!ey*s, Buckneirs.
! ganhedrln Heights. Hullvii'.e, Booneville. Orr 1 *
! Hot Springs. Mer.doc'.no City. Fort Bragg.
"Westport. T sal WHIItW. Laytonville. Cum-
mine's, Bell" Sprints. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Euv?sta. _,',..
! Saturday to i Monday round trip tickets at
' reduced rates. round trip tickets to all point*
On Sur-days round trip tlcksts to all polntt
I beyond San Rafael at half rates -
i TlcVet Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*
, H C. WHITIKG. >r. R. X. RTAN.
I ■ .General Manaeer. G«n. Pass Agent.
| California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Loaves San
Francisco via Los Angelas a: 3
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES.
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th*
following Thursday. Saturday
end Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at i :3O P.M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob,
servation Car and Eleotrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car. ■
' This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Si! FUltlSCe iienEiTmcE— m Him SI
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland O£ce— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Stre9t. ■
s Baa Jom Ofice— 7 West Santa Clara Si
— : : — -
-NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
■-•" Vi-i Snusalito FerrY
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— I:2O. *9:30. U:CO a. m.; f.iS.
»:45, i:l5. »6:0 O. 6:30 p. m.
| EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Man-
I days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
I SUNDAYS— *S.OO. •10:00. *U:S» a. m.; n:l5.
f 3:00. *4:30. 6:13 p. m. • -
! Trains marked . • run- to Sao Quectin.
! FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:»S. *6:3;. 7:4:, "9:30 a. m.;
j »12::o. 2:20. *3:45. 5:05 p. m.
i EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. V.'ednesdayi
land Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. ■ ... . .
i SUNDAYS-*:!*). '<:<*>, . '10:00. Ul:is a. m.;
! •1:15. •3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. m. . •
Trains marked . • starts from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:43. «:45. 7:^, 9.10 a. m.;
12:3?-. !:45. 3:. r *. '10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday!
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. : 12:03. . 1:23. ■ 3:20,
»:00, «:I0 p. m. ••
. THROUGH TRAINS. •'-:
. 1:10 a. m. week — Cazadtr • and way sta'r.s
1:45 p. ra. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
-■•.-■■; stations. ■:.....- ■ ■■'<■■ --.- : .-.- ..-
•UK «- m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way ata'a.
1314
FAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San P'rancisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o"elock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; oyen until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6i.'> Larkin street: open until S:3O o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until lo o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until '■> o'clock. ;
W6 Eleventh street; open until 9 o clock.
25:s Mission street: open until » o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until D o'clock.
CUIRCII NOTICES.
"ST PAUL'S, California st., near Fillmore—
Rev. W. M. Reilly, rector. Morning pra>er
and sermon, 11. Evensong. 7:30. with special
Lenten musical service of anthems and
. hymns, directed by A. A. Rankln, Including
anthem unaccompanied, "God So Loved Un;
World." from Sir John Stainer's "Crucifix-
ion"; at offertory, "•Berceuse," for violin anJ
organ.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Geary
and Powell sts.. Rev. John liemphlll, I>.L>-,
pastor— Service at 11 a. m. mid 7:30 p. in.
Rev. R. F. Coyle, D.L>., will preach at 11
a. m. and the pastor at 7:30 p. m. Topic. I
"A First-rate Man With a Fourth-rate
Name." Music, morning— Te Deurn <a).
Schnecker: offertory. -11- Shall Feed His
Flock"; "Messiah," Handel; alto solo, Miss
Beresford Joy. Music, evening— "Bonum
Bat" (g). J. S. Camp; offertory, "Thou Art ,
Near " H olden; soprano solo. Mrs. Susie
HertMark. All are cordially Invited. , (
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis- |
sion st.. bet. Sixth and .Seventh Dr. < banes
Edward Locke, pastor, will preach. < lass (
meetings P:3O and 12:30. Morning sermon, II
subject. "The Church as an Agitator. Kven- j
!ng sermon. 7:30; subject, "Why the State of |
California Should Have a Sunday Law. bun- ,
flay school at 1 p. m.; Rolla V. Watt, *"_» , <
Intendent. Men's Bible class, 1 p. m. Chris-
tian Endeavor Society, 6 p. m. 'Ihis is a
people's church. All seats free, courteous .
ushers. Everybody invited. Music led by j
chorus choir. j
BIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal ■
, Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts.— i
Rev. John Step! ens, pastor; residence, 309 ;
Halght st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and i:JO
p in. The pastor will preach at both ser- ;
vices Topic at 11 a. m., "The Bulwarks and \
Palaces or Zlon"; at 7:30 p. m.. "The Modern j
Athenians That Grope After God." Sunday-
school at 12:80 p. m.. C. B. Perkins, superin-
t endent. Epworth League meeting at (i:3u p.
m Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at
7-45 o'clock. The public cordially Invited to
' ail the services of this church. Seats free.
Ushers la attendance.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach at both services; 11 a. m.
theme, "Godlike Character"; 7:30 p. m. theme, j
"The Widow's Mite." All are cordially In- i
vited. '_
NEW Jerusalem Church. O'Farretl st . between
Webster and Flllmore— The pastor. Rev. D.
V Bowen, will conduct the services at 11
a. m. Subject of sermon, "Mary and Mar-
tha." Tuesday evening meetings for the
Ftudy of Swedenborg's writings will be held
• in the Sunday-school room at S o'clock. Seats
free at all services and the public cordially
Invited to attend. Free library-
WEST SIDE Christian Church, Bush St., bet.
• Scott and Dovisadero— Sunday services. Sun-
day school at 10 a. m. Preaching at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p m. by Rev. W. 11. Martin of
Fresno. Y. P. S. C. E. t 6:30 p. m. All are
-Invited. ■
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block, 223 Butter st.. bet. Kearny and Grant
aye.— Christian Science Bible lesson, 11 a. m. ;
subject. "Men." Sunday-school for children
at tlie same hour. Wednesday evening meet-
ing at 8 o'clock. All are welcome.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E.
Cramer, pastor. Discourse at li a. m. ; sub-
ject. "Christ Freeing From Sin." Service-
every Sunday in Vosemif Hall. Native Suns'
building, Mason st., between Geary and Post. , ,
Take elevator.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
' Post st. — Preaching at 11 a. m. by E. A.
.Parkin. Subject, "The Wages of Sin Is 1
Death, but the Gift of God Is Eternal Life ,
Through Jesus Christ. Our Lord." Sermon
at 7:30 p. m. All welcome. Strangers •-...
' cially invited to investigate. "Prove all
things." .
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
•' sts.— Union mass meeting to-day at 3 o'clock.
Address by Mr. H. N. Jacks on the work j
' ".- of the army department of the association j
among United States troops. Views of camp ;
life here and at Manila will be thrown upon !
the screen. The public is invited, both men
. and women. To-morrow, Monday, evening, ;
Mr. J. J. Valentine will give a second ad-
dress on "The Annexation of the Philippines. ' j
• Admission free and the public Is invited.
"UNIVERSAL Brotherhood (The Theosophical
. Society In Amerlcn), 819 Market Lecture
to-night. "The Higher Womanhood," by Mrs.
H. H. Somers; Tuesday night. "The Desire
for Light"; Saturday night, "Our Place in
Nature."
THEOSOPHICAL Society— lecture to-
night at 8 o'clock in Fraternal Hall, odd Fel- j
lows' building. by Miss .Marie A. Walsh; sub-
ject. "The Secret _of_ Saturn. '^_
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists. Occi-
dental Hall, cor. Larkln and McAllister—
■Sunday, February 26. at 7:30 p. m. Speaker.
■ Mrs. R. S. Lillie. Subject, "The .Spiritual
Outlook." Admission free.
' BUND AY platform— York's farewell lec-
ture at Lower Scottish Hall, Larkin &t., this
evening, on "Sunday Laws and Social Evils."
" All Invited.
AT Dr. Rines' spiritual society. 909 Market st :
■ 11-2-8; free; Mrs. Seeley, Visere, Gillingham;
" all tests; Tuesday, S p. m.. 123S Howard st.
A TEST meeting. 2 and - p. m.. 10c; 1346 Mar-
ket; R. A. Stitt, Nita, Hargrave, Butler,
'. others.
SEANCE to-night 8 o'clock; Monday, 12 o'clock.
' , Mother Sadie, seance 50c; 409 Leavenworth st.
c. MATO-BTEERS, 112% Oak; circles Tuesday,
6 p. m. ; Thursday, 2 p. m. ; readings dally; $1.
ATTENTION— Those who never get tests come
to LEANDER'S test circle to-night. 313 Eddy.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: tests, seal-
ed letters read; 10c; readings dally. 120 Oth.
GRAND spiritual test meeting to-night. 909
Market. Mmes. Drew and Robinson; free. .
MEETING NOTICE*.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. <^_jau_s is ,
O. O. F.— lnitiation MONDAY __9__E_j_
EVENING. February 27. 1899. : Ss«*Wr^'
A. G. CLARK. N. G. _^___
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 310. I. O. - -___»-n___-
O. F., located at 2319 Mission St.. £jjg*g_ggl.
between Nineteenth and Twen- ■^?§2fSi£_5 r !
tleth. will have initiation TO- ■ /^>iw^>
MORROW (MONDAY) EVENING. February
17, 1899. All members of the order who can
do no arc cordially Invited to attend. Please
keep this nleht free and make us a visit.
. .Yours respectfully and fraternally.
DR. J. L. BORN. N. G.
R. HERING Jr., Rec. Sec.
HALL of Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. V. <H«a»>
W.. Z2 O'Farrell St.— funeral es-_Sjßf£
cort i:; hereby notified to assemble at __5>
the hall TO-MORROW (MONDAY) atvsSP?"
9:30 a. m. sharp to attend the funeral of our
late brother, MORRIS WOLF. Fines strict-
ly enforced. By order of
. . H. J. TROWBRIDGE, Master Workman.
H. GRIMSHAW, Recorder.
OSCEOLA Tribe No. 71. I. O. R. M.-- /j_^>~~
You are requested to attend the fu-^J»rA_^»
neral of our lat» brother, ROBERT Mr
DONALDSON, from the undertak-
ing parlors of H. F. SI7HR & CO.. 1209 Mis-
sion St.. at 1 p. m., TUESDAY. February
n 2S. A. J. PHILLIPS. Sachem.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Wittram Pro-
peller Company will be held at their office.
527 Market St., San Francisco. California, on
WEDNESDAY, the eighth day of March.
1599. at the hour of 3 p. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. CHARLES A. HUG. Sec.
Office, 327 Market fit., San Fran<*«FCO. Call-
fornia.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MRS. DR. M. KLAR. hair and scalp specialist]
cures baldness, . dandruff and eczema; also re-
moves moles and superfluous hair by elec-
tricity. The Vendome, 1104 Market St.,
rooms 27 and 28. .
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tcl. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
. DIVIDEND NOTIC_S^
DIVIDEND Notice.— No. 90 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st.. on and after WED-
NESDAY. March 1. 183!».
Transfer books will close on Thursday,
February 23, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m. -
■ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
" ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
• ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
tio fee without success; collections. G. W.
' HOWE, atty-at-law, Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce law; costs advanced In
good cases. ROSS, 1236 Market St., room 127.
ADVICE free; divorce laws, private estates. J. I
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister st., room 64.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMAX^^
WA3ITKD-Be»p«rtal~e American a [ on wi a h .
[.-year-old child would like •_ 'Situation ___
working housekeeper; good If"**".
neat worker; experienced: good referenceh "
country preferred; wages $12 to $15. Address
bex 452, Haywards. Cal.
RESPECTABLE woman would cook in coun-
try or would do lodging bouse work. Apply
»„ Sutter st., in basement. ,
INTELLIGENT domestic woman desires posi-
permanent.
9H7 Market Bt., room 108;- call. ; '
iioiNiki-Ki'i'K German widow, aged 42,
"wish^SFuaVion in widower or bachelor
home; city? or j country. Box : 446. t can.
wriiMUF woman wants work of any kind
R !iv the Ilay; will take work home. Inquire at
MS Lombard st. _ I .
7 T R^~w^an -ant sany kind ftUM£
ptace, off Mission, between 18th and ____
Gl R_?to do llehi housework and assist with
children. ISM Page j»t___»»;ar_Lyon. ■
STYLISH « young dressmaker, perfect titter,
"would like to go put by, the day, $1 and car
j fare a day. Box 343, Call office.
YOUNG German woman wants* position as
; working housekeeper. Box _». Call oirice.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to- do
general housework; private family. 120 fel.Mh
_t. t first floor, room 1. ■_ ■;
WOMAN wishes position at any kind of work;
good cook. 317 Third st. „___ __
1 COMPETENT Eastern woman; la a good cook
'and will do washing; willing to go in coun-
try- good reference; no men call; private
; family. 206 Fifth st / _
STRONG middle-aged woman wishes to do
I washing by the .lay or half day; $1 a day
and car fare. 3317 Twenty-sixth st.
GERMAN lady wishes situation as house-
keeper; reference if required. Address 4t»
Jessie st. _ _
WOMAN wishes to go out by the 'day washing
or housecleaning Call at 104% McAllister st..
I rear. . —
; SCOTCH cook, first class, desires a situation;
! best of reference. 316jSutter st.
"WANTED— Situation as working housekeeper.
501 Post St., room 23. j
SWEDISH lady wants washing or cleaning by
the day. IS Rausch t at..>: near -Howard.
SITUATION wanted by an American woman
for light housework in a small American fam-
ily- first-class in every respect. Address C.
W., box 28S. Call office.
SEAMSTRESS will take work home or go in
family: can make children's dresses; ioc per
day. 274S Harrison st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
washing or housecleaning. Please address
MRS. M., 616 Folsom st.
DRESSMAKING and family sewing, »1 per
day. Call or address Dressmaker, room 8, 117
Taylor st. • .
RELIABLE young lady wishes position as
lady's companion; will travel; references. Box
472, Call office. .
YOUNG lady wants position as typewriter, as-
sistant bookkeeper or collector; city or coun-
try: bonds. Address box 4SSI. Call office.
YOUNG women wants washing, Ironing or
cleaning by the day. Call or address 121. U
Howard st. — —
SMALL girl to assist in light housework;
' wages $5. 906 Minna st. ;
AS housekeeper by experienced woman; age 29;
" speaks French a:.d English; good seamstress
and "good cook; any kind of position; no
trlflers: country preferred. Address 1905
Stockton st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation in small family
to do light' housework and care of child; kind
treatment more than wages; country pre-
lerred. 1109 Florida st.
A FRENCH woman wishes a few more places
' by the day. washing or cleaning; best refer-
ence- MME. TACT, 342 San Carlos aye.,
between Twentieth and Twenty-first.
"WANTED— By lady of culture, position of
' trust or head housekeeper In private family
or boarding house; references given. Address
box 144. Call. '.
RESPECTABLE American woman wants posi-
tion in gentleman's home as housekeeper;
capable of taking full charge: Oakland or j
! suburbs preferred. Address box 411, Call, of-
fice, Oakland.
WANTED— Situation to do general housework
in a nice family. 146 Eleventh
AS housekeeper by neat, elderly widow; good
I cook; washing, housecleaning, taking care
| children; reference; wages $10. 341 Minna St.
THOROUGHLY competent working housekeep-
er wishes situation. Call 2136 Howard; no
postals; best references. '_ ;
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day; also work at home. 109
Eddy St.* -
COOK and second girl desire positions in the
same house or separate; city or country; best
of reference if required. Call at .19 Eighth
st., Oakland. ,
WANTED— By intelligent and refined lady, po-
sition as companion or to wait on Invalid; city
reference. Box 320. Call office. '
SWEDISH slrl wants position to do house-
work In American family. Address or call
150 Cook st; Geary-st. cars.
WORKING housekeeper to gentlemen: no ob-
jection to 2or 3 children. Box 342. Call office.
"SITUATIONS WANTED—
WESTERN Labor Bureau. 641 Clay St., tel..
Green 681, furnishes reliable male or female
help, any nationality, free of charge.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414',. O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 436.
ELDERLY man with small "income will work
very cheap in grocery, fruit or cigar store or
any other light work; highest references.
Address box 442. Call office^
GARDENER (German): perfect In all branch-
es; can take care of horses, cows, etc.; first-
class references. Please address Gardener,
bex 441. Call.
BOY wants work of any kind; wages no ob-
ject; does not smoke or drink. Box 451', Call.
ENGLISHMAN, lately from East, best of ref-
erences, thorough Broom and coachman, hav-
ing worked for some of best families, wants
suitable situation. Box 456, Call.
YOUNG- man. 24 years old, 8 years' experi-
ence In grocery and dry goods clerk, would
like to have employment; references; recom-
mendations furnished. Box 449. Call.
I FIRST-CLASS cake baker wants position;
country preferred. Box 453. Call.
BARBER wishes steady work Wednesdays,
Saturdays and Sundays. ' Box 454, Call.
AMERICAN wishes place in private family;
good driver; understands care of horses. Box
457, Call. ;_
STRONG young American wants work of any
kind; good driver and understands care of
horses. Box 461, Call.
JUST honorably discharged from army; mar-
ried, sober, intelligent; wants position as
janitor, caretaker, watchman; willing to do
anything-. Box 437, Call.
PRACTICAL gardener wants position »to take
charge; good references. Box 460, Call.
CLERK desires position; experienced as an ac- '
countant and collector; stenographer and :
typewriter; will furnish machine and bond if !
required. . Address box 462, Call office.
JAPANESE, strong and reliable, ■ wants situa-
tion In country as first-class cook and gen-
eral help: good recommendations. G. M.,
1917 Broadway. ■ ,
JAPANESE, refined young man, wants situa-
tion in ice family; useful for every kind of
light work; wages no object. 1 MIDVILL, 1817
Broadway. ■ •
RETURNED from Manila. P. I.; want position
some kind; Al references; would like to get
into some wholesale business house; no bail
habits; not afraid of work; good all-around
man. JOHN W. RANDALL, box 438, Call.
YOUNG man attending college wants employ-
ment mornings and evening!?; has . splendid
references; willing to do anything. Box 327,
Call office.
ELDERLY man with highest references desires
position of any kind in hotel or lodging house
for board and lodging. AddreßS box 471, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a young man. to take !
care of place; can drive, milk, do plain car-
penter's work, repair harness and be gener-
ally useful; good references. Address H. O.
JOHNSON, box 325, Call office.
NEAT young man desires a position as chore-
man, general utility man or indoor servant In
a private family, hotel or store; best of ref-
erences. Address C. P.. in care of Messrs.
Hinrlchsen & Melnert, 201 Montgomery aye. .
YOUNG man, 23, of good habits, wishes posi-
tion- understands horses; has done porter
work in wholesale houses; can furnish refer-
ences. Address box 338, Call office. . ,
GERMAN, 35, wants position as porter or bed-
maker In institution; understands house, car-
pet and window cleaning; references.- Box
485. Call office. ' ' "' ■: ■ '
A. MAN and wife want positions on ranch or
mining camp; both steady and reliable. Ad-
dress or call 371 Minna st.
MAN would work by ..the. day or by the. yard
cleaning carpets ron floor. Call or address
| • 500 Eddy st. ' _________________
REFINED young man of experience would Ilk*
position as nurse, attendant or companion to
an invalid. Address box 145, Call office.
SOBER, honest, reliable, single, middle-aged
man. having 3 years' reference, wants work
at anything. Box 436. Call office. |
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Contlnned.
SITUATION wanted as custom cutter in tailor-
Ing establishment. Box 289, Call office. • . -.
JAPANESE first-class butler, thoroughly com-
petent, desires position; best references.
BUTLER, Box 340. Call.
FIRST-CLASS watchmaker and salesman de-
elres position. Box 676, Petalumn.
GOOD all-around painter and paper-hanger will
work cheap. Box 337, Call office.
ENGINEER, young and active, used to most
any kind of engine and machinery; also pipe-
fitting; will go anywhere; first-class refer-
ences. Box 323, Call office. "
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife; coun-
try or city. Address 518 Linden aye.
WANTED— Situation 'as hostler or gardener.
Apply lIS Eddy St., room 9.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; tree bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
U_Ll* — -1' '_JIA»«K.
\VA~VTED— 2 waitresses, first-class hotel, short
distance country, $20; waitress, country hotel,
$20; housework girls and cooks, country;
young girls to assist. MURRAY & READ\,
634-630 Clay st.
WANTED— 3 waitresses for hotel; 1 colored
woman for Nevada, fare paid: girl for house-
work; 50 good positions for help. \\_ba_K.N
LABOR BUREAU, 541 Clay St.
ENTERPRISING woman with ability to Inter-
view women and present to them the advan-
tages of acquiring knowledge that wilt pre-
pare them to accept positions of trust. Box
328, Calll office.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged French woman to take
charge of an year-old boy; $10 per month;
good home to right person; must give best
of reference. Address box 473. Call office.
WORKING housekeeper; young woman; com-
panionable, intelligent and refined Address,
giving age and experience, box 463, Call ollice.
GIRL for general housework; good plain cook;
family of 3: wages $15. Call Monday, 10 to
12, 1160 Golden Gate aye.
FIRST-CLASS lady, canvasser for an entirely
new article. Box 447. Call office.
WANTED— Lady to care for baby at her home.
Address box 444, Call office. '
YOUNG German girl for light housework;
wanes $8, $10. 40 Casselli aye., bet. eigh-
teenth and Nineteenth sts., near i astro.
WANTED— Correspondents everywhere to
"write up" Items of general Interest: also
good manuscript. Inclose stamp. ILLUSTRO-
LITERARY REGISTER CO., Chicago.
WANTED— Bright young woman In traveling
business. Address 8., box Sl4, Call office,
Oakland. •
WANTED— for cloak and suit house;
. Svages $40 per month; state where last em-
ployed. Address box 484, Call office.
GIRL for general housework and cooking: ref-
erences. Call at 2336 Pine st. from 9 to 12.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicure; good
wages. S. STROZYNSKI, 24 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS on custom
shirts. ROGERSON, 535 Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED stitchers on electric sewing
machines will be taught to make wrappers.
109 Battery st. •
WANTED— Apprentice for dressmaking. 1026 1
Larkin ( st. i
GOOD finisher on custom coats. 528 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED tuckers; also finishers on cape
and sunbonnets; steady work. MS Mark st.
GIRL to work on custom corsets; call to-day.
MME. WALTER, 503 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. EAGLESON & CO., aw
Market st.
BRIGHT neat apprentice wanted to learn mil-
linery. DINAN, 1102 Market St. ;
SUCCESS! Success! Success! at the McDowell
Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery
School. Come and take advantage of a grand
opportunity to learn ladles' tailoring; now is ;
the time to learn millinery; hats trimmed
free; patterns cut to order. The McDowell
School, 103 Post St., S. F. '
OPERATORS on custom pants. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 541 Market st. '
LADIES' skirt operators wanted. K RAKER,
226 Bush st. : take elevator.
GIRL for general housework; small family;
good home. 377 Shotwell St., near Eighteenth.
EXPERIENCED skirt hands on cording and
finishing. Apply 523 Market Bt.. room S.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
Shirts at GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICH-
ELS, 531 Mission St. '
YOUNG lady, not over 20. to sell cosmetics In
the country; good salary. Apply between
10 and 12 a. m.. 40 Geary st.
HELP WAATKU HALK.
WANTED to-day. Sunday, at 11 a. m., colored
waiter, country, $30; see party here. C. K.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ' r
C. R. HANSEN ft C 0.... Phone Grant 185
Cook railroad eating house, $50; railroad camp
cook. (SO; head meat. cook, country hotel, $b0;
! second cook, $40; third cook, $30; waffleman,
! country hotel, $35 and fare paid.
Marker and distributor who can act as
foreman hotel laundry. 156 and found; all j
round lroner, country hotel. $40 and found;
hanger-up, $30 and found; polisher »nd •arch-
er. $30 and found.
Headwaiter, south, permanent. $6o; waiter,
$10 a week; waiter, country hotel, 520 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Phone Grant 185
Dry goods clerk, country store, $60, experi-
ence and references required; shoemaker,
Shasta County; gardener, private place, coun-
try $20 and found: section hands, $1 50 a
day; woodmen. $1 50 to $2 25 a clay; coal I
miners by cubic yard; mine • laborers, $150
a day board $4 50 a week; ranch carpenter.
$26 and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S..Phone Grant 185
Laborers for ruck work; mountain railroad;
tool sharpener railroad outfit. ;
Ship for Skaguay Thursday. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PAINTER and paperhanging and do kalso-
minlng for springs; $35 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TO-DAY (Sunday) kitchen crew for country
hotel; head cook. $60; second cook, $40; third
cook, $30: dishwasher. $20. Call early. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
Want Monday, 7 a. m
86 woodchoppers, $1 50. $1 and 70c cord; 95 tie-
makers, Be, 9c and 12c each; stableman.' $25
and found .- 3 choremen;
9 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $25, $20, |
$15; man and wife for a ranch. ,'
;... $40 and found
6 laborers to work in the hopyards and fields,
$30; English gardener, $26 ;
Scotch gardener, $26
cabinet maker. German. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. Uv
WOODCHOPPERS Special offer
35 men to cut 4-foot pine wood, $1 cord;
4-foot redwood, 70c cord
steady work; call early. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 6gl» Clay st.
CAKE baker, second hand, $25 and found; sec-
ond bread baker, $8 week; 9 c00k5. .4 waiters.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63C Clay st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
i rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
yearn, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-'
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet In height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
■ our 'lllustrated catalogue of information; sent !
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
WANTED — Specialty salesman with experience
for quick-selling line of premium goods; lib-
eral commission, with advance for expenses,
to right man. Address drawer 675, Chicago.
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
tablished firm; $50 per month and expenses
to start. Manufacturer,' box 826, Chicago, 111.
A CASHIER— Read ad in Business Chances.
SYNDICATE OF MANUFACTURERS.
PRKSSEBTon skirts. DAVIDSON _ MILLER,
731? Market st. \
WANTED — First-class saloon porter; wages
$30; call early. 36-38 East st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c
to EOc. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
TO go ■ this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
WANTED— Reliable . men and women In every
town to work for us; peat, steady employ-
ment; good wages; ■no deception; no. delay:
send us your address and we will send you
work Immediately. Address STANDARD
ART MFG. CO., 142 West Twenty-third St.,
New York City, room A. ,v
YOUNG men. residents of Interior towns, to
distribute advertising. P. O. box 8037. ;./;
A MEN' and green hands for steam whalers.
10 Steuart St., upstairs. ' ■ ■- — ____"
GOOD solicitor. Apply H. W. KNOLL. 21 Mer-
chants' Exchange Building. •-;••■; r
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— from .so
to 80c; $1 to »3 per week. . . ' ' ' ; '
WANTED— Laborers - and mechanics to know
' that Ed Rolkln. . Reno House proprietor, still'
i runs Denver House. 217 Third et. : • 150 large
I room*. per night; $1 to $3 per week. v, .
, ,; ... -. .-.-,■ : >■„.-■.■.>.•:*>■<•>*• ■..-.,- , ■ v. - v :• -•
HELP W. vNTE.3— Continued.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise: no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. __ feteuart st.
WANTED— pick and shovel men at Broad-
way and Devisadero st. ______
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th.; tcl. Jessie 1164.
SEATTLE , HOUSE, 106^4 Third— Furnished
rooms 25c to 50c day: flj_i__o $3 week. . ■-..
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice, J. SCHNEIDER. Act. Sec; 32j Grant ay.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade for
$3 at 1542 Market st. ■ '
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
St.; men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and Xc per
night: COe, 90c and $1 per week.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Linden House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
solelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c 25c per night: 7.'.c, $1
to $2 60 per wk. Elcho House. SC3'j Market st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House,- 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the fcrrv.
AGENTS WAITED. '
WE handle the latest books and specialties:
we make money-making propositions to both
ladles and gentlemen; you send name and
address; we do the rest. We want an agent
In every county. WESTERN ADVERTIS-
ING COMPANY. 2739 Folsom St.. S. F.
SALARY or commission paid to energetic men
or women: no experience necessary. Address
S. C. MILLER. Lakeside building, Chicago.
KLONDIKE for Perfection Burner, con-
suming kerosene. Pac. Sup. Co., Flood bldg.
BE wise and get In while the proposition is
new and make good money. IS>3 Seventh st.
CITY and country, to soil Leather Lustre; best
2fic article on earth. BROWN. 33? Bush st.
PARTNERS ANTED.
PARTNER with $150; with an experienced/
candymaker, who has stock and tools; chance
to learn business. Box 445. Call office.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
YOUNG lady wishes room and board in refined
family: state lowest terms. Box 1779, Call.
ROOMS in exchange for lessons In stenography,
bookkeeping, music and school branches. Ad-
dress 8., box 444, Call office. '
WANTED— Room and board in private family
by young lady; references; state terms. Box
438, Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
SUITE of rooms wanted by couple for house-
keeping; no children; private family. G. R.,
220 Seventh st. State price. _
RESPECTABLE German woman with 1 child
wants an unfurnished room and kitchen: per-
manent if satisfied. Address, with price, box
326, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
CASH paid for boilers, engines, dynamos, shaft-
-Ing. pulleys, brass. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AIRES' Business College, • 723 Market st. ; j
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $."0; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st. •
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. : day — eve.;
est. ISG4. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
DANCING taught: ball room or stage; private
or class. IRVINE'S. 421 Post St.. near Powell.
LADIES. Investigate— "Life and Work of Susan
B. Anthony." Room 38, Grand Hotel. f.
START right and the end is In sight. Prof.
Merki, violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
ELOCUTION, English branches: trial lesson
; free at pupil's home or 1187 Dolores: teacher.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.: Prof. De Fill ppe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post: ablest profs.
PIANO singing and elocution lessons. Mate.
• Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st,
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught ; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The -Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, SI ncr year.
FOR miscellaneous.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash registers,
Ecales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
FOR sale — A splendid opportunity; an old-es-
tablished branch bakery and variety store;
over 12 years on the same corner; will, on ac-
count of old age, sell at a sacrifice; more than
full value in sight. Call at 412 A Thirteenth i
st., above Valencia.
AN elegant folding bed. mirror front, and
lady's desk combined; mahogany finish; equal
to new; cost $175: our price. $60; must be sold
at once, at H. Schellhaas' Old Store, Eleventh
and Franklin sts., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS bakery that bakes one barrel of
flour per day; all store trade and good prices;
must sell on account of sickness. 1837 O'Far-
rell st. _____
CLEVELAND; low frame; good order: also
Racycle Bicycle .almost new. JOE HOLLE,
■ Twentieth and Folsom sts. '
FOR sale— s2soo; cottage; 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment and large barn; 1036 Hamnshlre st.,
near Twenty-third; owner at 2616 Twenty-first.
50 000-GALLON tank for sale; nearly new; a
i bargain. JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 11 Mont-
gomery st.
CHEAP small screw-cutting lathe; 1 portable
blacksmith forge; 1 sqr. shears. 648 Mission.
SINGER sewing machine; new style; good as
new ; cheap. 1915 Mission st.
BAR fixtures, In good shape, about 13 feet long.
Address 41 Turk st.
PRINTING press, new card cutter, type, etc.
521 McAllister st.
LARGE variety thoroughbred chicken eggs for
hatching; also fouls. Kraus, 1031 McAllister.
NICE diamond stud for $39 at UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye. . .» ..-
GASOLINE engine, second hand, from 2 to 20
horsepower, very cheap; also a mining hoist
and pumps. Box 355. Call.' ■ ■. .
22-FOOT gasoline launch, neat, new and roomy.
$250: owner leaving town; will take a few
good rowboats in part payment. Box 439. Call.
MALTESE kittens; 3 for sale; 6 weeks old.
Address 120 Fourth St., room 3. ■
CAST iron bath tubs, enameled; 6 ft. and :,'.. ft.
by 2 ft.; cheap. H. S. White. 516-20 Mission.
FINE set of tailor tools for sale cheap. Apply
. 726 Washington st.
FIREPROOF safe for sale cheap at 4. Main
St., San Francisco. ' ■ ' .
BARF, back bars, mirrors. sHowcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-,
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. .. r . . - - ■ ■ ■
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission St.; tel. Br. 331.
POLYPHONE, $S5: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophene. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento 6t. ' ■ •
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; 'all
sizes: half original cost/ 109-111 Market. S. F.
LOST.
LOST— S2O reward: brown collie dog; black sad-
dle, carrying light bushy tall over back. 1!2
Tremont aye. • ■ ■
LOST— lrish setter dog; license 2054. Reward at
599 Fulton st. :. .'.'
LOST— Small blue and tan dog; $5 reward. - Re-
turn to E. Haquettte's Palace of Art. 16 Post.
~ STORA Gisr~~~~~T
DO>TT^_tore~ln^cellars. See O. M. JUDSON
& CO., 1123 Howard St.: advances made. -^
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713. :
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
lng. advances, etc. 735 Market; tel., Black 311.
■v- ;-,■'.> - ■;-". MINING. ■ '.'■■'";■-.":.:.■
DRYWA6HERS for dry placer mining; $25 for <
1-ton machine: any size made. GEORGE M.
■ALSBURY. Ell X St.. Sunset district. .
PERSONALS.
LEDERER'S Quinonia Hair Toni,> is driving all
other hair tonics out of the market; 35c bcttle.
G. LFDERER. 323 Stockton st.
IF you want your hair dressed correctly, go to
LEDEREK; price, 25c; hair rolls, SSCJ good
switches, $1; fine, $2 50. LEDERER'S Foamo
Shampoo, 5c pkg. G. LEDERER. 323 Stocktn.
DARK brunette girl baby for adoption. Mrs.
F. and Al, please call. MRS. DR. FUNKS.
1416 Eighth sr., Alameda.
HEALTHY brunette boy baby for adoption.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
BATHS, 12',ic; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
A RESPECTABLE woman, about 23 years, as
housekeeper for a first-class rooming-house;
object mtariniony. Box 1553, Call office.
I HAVE been troubled with toothache for a
number of years on both sides of face; by
using Prof. CHAS. LOG'S remedy was cured \
entirely. MRS. ALICE J. HAINEP. 712
Commercial; also E. WELLS and W. HAM-
ILTON. Prof. LOG has removed to 619 Jack-
son st.
WALLACE' S system of drenacutting taught at
419 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
WRINKLES scientifically removed and busts j
developed by the Harmonic Vibrator, that
wonderful Invention, at the HARMONIC !
LIFE INSTITUTE. 236 Powell st.; tests free.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney-at-Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed: no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
FOLDING beds $8 50; becirm. sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
' A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom St.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
HOME in confinement: diseases ot women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's:
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LKMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKEH.
LADIES— For perfect fit and fashionable made
dresses call on MRS. HAMILTON. 223 Giant.
CHILDREN'S dresses made; fitted at their
homos. Address P.. 387 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $sup: dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, milll-
nery; patterns cut. McDowell Sch.. 103 Po»t.
DENTISTS.
DR T S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling, from $1; platea
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A FULL set ot teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, S Mason st., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR Lt'DLLM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a. plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny « set of teeth
$4; filling, gold. 50c: silver. 2-V; crowns. $3.
HOUSES TO LET.
A FINE 12-room and bath residence; reduced
from $100 to $75: 1914 Clay st. A. M. SPECK
& CO., 667 Market St., opp. Kearny.
A— s2o; 7-ROOM house, few blocks from Palace,
at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market st.
AN offer wanted for lovely 9-room house. 1304
Post st., near Franklin.
ELLIS, 1455, near Buchanan— 6 rooms and bath;
sunny: large dry basement: rent $21. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
CALIFORNIA, 2919—8 rooms: bath; conser-
vatory: hot air heaters; fine order.
HOUSE, 522 < ';ik st.. s rooms; newly renovated
in the best style; porcelain bath; Z finished
rooms in cellar; large cellar and yard.
HOUSE and stable to let; reasonable to right
party. Inquire BXPA Jessie st.. off Ninth.
| HOUSE with 8. 16 or 24 rooms for rent. Apply
I at 1153 Howard st.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
I WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
NICE dwelling; 672 Bryant St., near Fifth; 3
nice rooms; hallway; separate yard; rent $9.
NOB HILL, 1030 Pine St.— lo rooms, bath, 2
closets; 2 car lines. Apply premises 11 to 2
o'clock. Other house 1970 Page St.; tel. Pine
IS2I.
PACIFIC, 1521 — $30; 8 rooms, bath: yard; water
free; sanitary plumbing: references. «
PERRY. 206— House, 4 rooms, and yard; rent
$7 50; water free. Apply to UMBSEN & CO.
POST. !>2l',— Lower fiat: G rooms, bath; large
yard; rent $18.
VALENCIA. 1308— Sunny house of 7 rooms;
batb, basement and garden; in perfect order;
$26 50. Owner. 1310 Valencia st.
VALLEY. 18— Very sunny house of 6 rooms;
garden and large yard. Owner. 1310 Valencia.
VALLEJO, I'll 7 large sunny rooms; bath,
yard and cellar; low rent.
$700— REAR house, 4 rooms and cellar. 724V4
Howard St., near Third.
FLRN'ISHED lIOISES TO LET.
ELLIS, near Van Ness, or Golden Gate, near
Laguna— Well furnished flat; 6 rooms: adults
only. Inquire 100SA Golden Gate aye.; refs.
FURNISHED houses to rent in Alameda; finely
furnished; 8 rooms; beautiful grounds; couple
will accept board with tenant or take couple
to board. Address box 450, Call office.
FUBNISHED; 1352 Post st., near Franklin: 9
rooms, bath, etc.; very sunny; large grounds
ana lawn; rent low; on lease. Apply MADI-
SON & BUIIKE, 626 Market St.
HANDSOMELY furnished flats, 4 to 7 rooms;
6 months; no children. Box 452, Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
AT Ocean View— Modern cottaze; half acre
ground, barn. 3378 24th; low rent to res. party.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms: rear cottage. 3 rooms;
large stable and wagon shed ; reasonable. 1562
Turk st.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, rent $10: water free. 3351
Twenty-sixth st., near Mission.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; large stable. In-
quire 429 Grove st.
EIGHTH. 221, in rear— 4 unfurnished rooms,
with good yard and cellar, $7 SU.
SUNNY cottage. 6 large rooms, bath, with
basement: rent reasonable. 7:M Willow aye.,
between Buchanan and Webster sts.
$10 00— COTTAGE; 4 rooms; cellar; yard. 46S
Linden aye., near Hayes and Laguna sts.
|S0 — COTTAGE, 5 room*, bath, large basement,
yard. 2103 Webster st.. near Sacramento.
FLATS TO LET.
A FLAT of 3 rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping: rent reasonable; 260 Minna st.
Apply downstairs, lower flat.
AN elegant 7-room flat; bath, laundry, sanitary
plumbing; sunny side. "ISA Bosh st.
ANTONIO. 4E. off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell — 5 rms.; modern conveniences; new house.
ARMY 4075, near Castro— sS— Flat of 4 rooms;
use of large stable, $2. •
BRODERICK, 1016, near Turk— New modern 6
anil 7 room flats.
CLAY, 1415 A. bet. Leavenworth and- Hyde—
Ftrst-cIkSS sunny flat. 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement: rent reduced very low.
CLEMENTINA, 164, off Third— 3 rooms, $s7
newly painted and papered; 4 rcom3, $9.
CORNER flat, 4 rooms, bath and gas; I'LM-sc.
earn pass; rent $10. 3853 Twenty-fourth St.
CORNER flat; fi sunny rooms; porcelain bath,
tils sink, modern improvement. 33 Cbdu st.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
ELLIS Sunny upper flat; 5 rooms, bath;
f.rst-class condition; $17.
FELL 511— Flat of 4 rooms; bath; hot and cold
water; gas; yard and basement; $15 rent. Key
at 513 Fell at.
FILLMORE '2216' A —Elegantly decorated -flat of
5 large rooms and bath: rent .reduced, »-0.
BI'RNHAM & MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery.
FLATS, renovated, 3 and 4 rooms, $8, $9 and
$10. 521 to -527 Linden aye., between Laguna
- and -Buchanan sts. • • ■
FLAT to let; 4 nice rooms. 10',. Madison aye.,
near Fifth st., off Harrison. ■
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window; bath: $12- 718
Natoma _t., between . Eighth and tntn.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BA_-
WIN & : HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FOURTEENTH, 134. near Howard— Elegant,
sunny; 5 rooms: bath; basement; 118. ;
GOLDEN GATE 929— A new upper, _unny.
modern • flat, opposite Jefferson Square; a
rooms and bath. -
GROVE, Flat, 6 sunny rooms: bath; mod-
ern Improvements; $23. ,
GUERRERO. 536—3 large furnished corner
sunny rooms and kitchen, fitted with modern
conveniences; hot and cold water; wa «".
. suitable for the aged or convalescent; rent:
HAIGHT and Fillmore— Sunny middle and l up-
per flat. 6 and 7 rooms; latest improvements.
rooms tinted, hardwood finish: tiled bath.
rent $25. Inquire 5138 Haight st.
HARRISON, 981— 6-room flat, with bath; clean;
$22. ; . :
HAVES, SS9, near Fillmore— Nice upper flat, 6
rooms and bath; good order; rent Sii.
HOWARD, 1153. near Elghth-1 or 2 or 3 flats.
8 rooms each; separate or all togetner.
HOWARD. ISO 6— Double bay-window flat of 6
rooms; bath; rent cheap.
HOWARD. 2CO6A, near Slxteenth-2 beautiful
furnished rooms for housekreping; »o.
IN every particular a first-class, sunny, stylish
fiat of 8 rooms and bath, with storage room in
basement: centrally located In a choice resi-
dence section; has an elegant marine* .
rent very reasonable: Inspect. 1417 Clay si.,
bet. Leavenwortb and Hyde.
LEAVENWORTH. 811—4 sunny rooms and
bath; very light and dry: $14;. no children.
MCALLISTER. 1721-7 rooms and l bath ; modern;
plenty of closets: rent $25. ASHTON & GAR-
• DINER. 411 Montgomery st.
NINTH. 241— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15. > ; ,
OAK. 401%— A lower flat of four clean rooms;
rent $10 50.
FINE new modern flat. 5 rooms and bath;.
latest appointments throughout: excellent
neighborhood; marine view. 1267 Clay St.,
near Jones. - _^_
STEINER. bet. Geary and O'Farrell—
new sunny flats; open to-day; 9-room, $47 50;
7-room. $37 50; also on same lot, facing Elliott
Park, 5-room, $22 50; 4-room, $18: have porce-
lain tubs, basements and all modern improve-
ments; water, scavenger and janitor service
Included. •
SUNNY top flat: 4 rooms and bath; latest im-
provements. Key 713 Grove st. . "
TO let— Elegantly furnished sunny flat of S
rooms; facing Park' panhandle. 220 Clayton
st., corner Fell. - - ■
TWELFTH, Lower flat of 3 rooms; with
stable If required.
TWENTY-FOURTH, near Treat— Lower flat, 4
rooms, bath; large yard: cheap rent.
VERY pleasant sunny .flat: low rent. 831 Guer-
rero St.. near Twenty-first.
WALLER, 312—4 rooms and bath, basement an.
yard. Inquire at 310 1 ..
$7 LOWER flat of 4 rooms. Apply 2643
Bryant aye., near Twenty-fifth st.
$10-sll— 3 AND 5 rooms and bath. Apply 416 '
Capp st., near Twentieth.
$12— NICE flat of 4 rooms. 14 Moss St., bet.
Sixth, and Seventh, near Howard.
FOUR sunny, bright rooms. 7 1 . Madison
aye. ; $4 50. two rooms, 7 Madison aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A SUITE of 2 large, nice, sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping: kitchen and bed-
room; furniture all new; $1 50 a week. $6 per
month; no children. Apply at shoe store. 562
' Mission St., between First and Second sts.'
BAKER, 2110—3 sunny rooms and bath on
lower floor; furnished for housekeeping. '
BIRCH aye., 617, between . Laguna' and Bu-
chanan— 2 rooms and kitchen; rent $6.
BRODERICK, 665— Three large . bay-window
rooms; housekeeping; near park. •
EIGHTH, 108 — Bay-window room; kitchen;
range; hot and cold water; sunny porch.
FIFTH, 309— house, 2 or 3 sunny bay-win-
dow housekeeping rooms; running water; gas.
FOLSOM, 863— large sunny bedroom and ad-
joining kitchen; yard; $12. v
FOURTH, 223— Nice furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny rooms for house-
keeping; suite and others; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050— One or two large
sunny well furnished rooms and kitchen for
light housekeeping or for gentleman: gas
stove and free telephone; private family.
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness aye. un-
furnished 3-room suites, with gas range.
HAVES, 348—4 rooms for housekeeping: fur-
nished or unfurnished. Call at 251 Ivy aye.
HOWARD, 1312— Sunny housekeeping ■ rooms;
bath, gas; very reasonable.
JESSIE, 439. bet. sth & 6th— 2 large sunny, con-
necting rms.; complete hskpg. ; sink, bath; $11.
KEARNY, 1708—2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; fine marine view- and garden.
LARKIN. 613—3 or 4 newly furnished sunny
rooms; kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
LEWIS, IS, off Taylor, near Post— 2 rooms and
kitchen; unfurnished.
MARKET. 1597—2 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
MARKET, 1724, near Polk— Newly furnished
housekeeping rooms. ' '
MCALLISTER. Fine sunny flat of 7 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable.
MINNA, 364—2 or 3 neatly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; also single; cheap.
MISSION, Sll— 2 rooms for housekeeping; nice
yard for children; $12.
MISSION, 839— Sunny kitchen and bedroom, $10;
large rooms, $2; single, $1.
MISSION, 1125'_— Large front room, nicely fur-
nished; good cookstove; cheap.
MISSION. 1217— Front alcove suite, complete for
housekeeping.
MISSION, 2133—2 pleasant rooms and regular
kitchen connecting, furnished complete;
bath; $15.
MISSION, 2225—2 large, well-furnished rooms,
with use of kitchen and bath. .
NATOMA. 114—2 sunny housekeeping rooms,
. completely furnished.
NATOMA, 245— Per week. 75c, $1, $1 25, $1 50;
housekeeping rooms, $2 50.
NATOMA, 739, near Ninth— Single or house-
. keeping rooms; sunny.
NINTH. Sunny suite for light housekeep-
ing; stove and running water; also others.
OCTAVIA, 411, near Hayes— Just vacant; 2 neat
sunny single rooms; light housekeeping if de-
sired. •
O'FARRELL,' 406 ! «— 2 well-furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; rent $15. j
O'FARRELL, 582— Floor of 3 or 4 furnished
room-; light housekeeping: private family.
O'FARRELL. Alcove suite finely furnish-
ed, with kitchen, gas stove, running water.
PERRY. ICG— 2 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping. t
POWELL, Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing and single rooms; respectable and reason-
able. v;v.v:
SEVENTEENTH, 3456, near Valencia-;? fur-
. nished rooms;, parlor floor; housekeeping;
yard, cellar, gas, bath.
SIXTH, 216'._— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms: light housekeeping & sing.; rent reaa.
SIXTH, 420— Housekeeping rooms; sunny;
'■■ stationary washstand and mod. conveniences.
SIXTH. 136— Front parlor: also large front rm ■
light, housekeeping rms., $1 week. -
SOUTH PARK. 184—1. 2 or 3 sunny front
rooms, nicely furnished for housekeeping.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping: rent cheap.'
TEHAMA, 478, near Sixth— s sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms, $15. '
TWELFTH. 145. cor. of Howard— fur-
. nished rooms, complete for housekeeping.
TWENTIETH. 4231, 150 feet from Castro— 3
large furnished housekeeping rooms ■ and
bath; hot and cold water; a new house; pri-
vate family; fine view; very desirable local-
. lty; no children wanted. ■
TWENTIETH, 3622. near Valencia— or 3
sunny furnished connecting rooms; bath, sink.
VAX NESS aye., 518— 2 front sunny rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range and gas; price
reasonable. , , ■.
VAN NESS ■ aye., 1021-2 . sunny rooms; . gas.
••r___e. bath; furnished; low rent.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON- House. 127 Kearny 6t.-Pteasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single: flrs_-clas«
in every respect: terms reasonable. <
A— SUTTER.' 717. 831— Sunny, choice, reason -
able; appreciated if seen: please____*tigatp.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk., 51 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; night., 25c to SOe.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suite*.
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BRUNSWICK-MS Sixth st. corner ' Howar-
d en suite or single. Kcto *}»"_>"•
$1 23 to $3 week; open all night; Howard st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BUCHANAN, 606— Furnished room: reasonable.
BURNETT. 1361 Market st.-Nlcely^rriished
rooms; suites and singje; also unfumis-ed.
EDDY, 3, corner Powell-Sunny single room on
Market st; $150 per week.
EDDY. 603— Large unfurnished room; running
water: sun all day; reasonable. -
ELLIS, S2l-Lar_e sunny bay-window room:
newly furnished: running water, closet,
1 no other roomers.
FIFTH 221— Double and single rooms; neat,
clean: all sunny; running water: sl to $2 waeK.
FULTON 859—2 large sunny rooms. $7 and
$10: nice location; private family; board op-
tional. ;
GRAND SOUTHERN. SEC cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite ana
single; elevator; moderate rates: families. .
GOLDEN GATE, Nicely furnished sunny
room and bath.
GOLDEN GATE, 727— Handsomely furnished
front room; running water; grate; private
family; reasonable. - ' ' "
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— family
■ rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike: $1 a week. :
HOWARD, 829— Nice sunny rooms: rent cheap;
housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 959— Two nice sunny rooms in pri-
vate family ; $5 and $6 per month.
HOWARD, 1209— One bright front bedroom
and one large unfurnished; stationary wash-
stand; bath; hot and cold water. a
HOWARD, 1217&— front room to rent;
cheap. - . ■ _
HYDE > — Sunny front rooms, from $5 a
month up; also nice large parlor, suitable for
two gentlemen or office. . .
JESSIE,. 61S— Large sunny bay-window front
room: newly furnished; $6.
JONES 603, comer of , Geary— Parlor and twj
bedrooms; modern conveniences; new flat; for
gentlemen. .
LARKIN, Sunny front room for one or two
gentlemen; private house. "
LARKIN. Large sunny front; neatly fur-
nlshed; 1 or 2 persons; $8.
LARKIN, S2O&-A quiet, pleasant furnished
room; large closet; fireplace; private family.
LASKIE, 14, on* Mission, bet. Bth and 9th-
Sunny front room; private family; $4 o0; cen-
tral.
LEAVENWORTH, 216— Large front sunny par-
lor; gas, bath.
LEAVENWORTH, 411— Parlor floor of 3 rooms
for doctor or man and wife.
LEAVENWORTH, 517— Sunny furnished room
to let; $6. ' _______________
MARKET, 1122. bet. Mason and Taylor—
of 2 nice sunny front rooms; rent reasonable;
also single rooms. '
MARKET, 1839, near Guerrero— Front single
room or double parlors, with use of piano.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1220— Large sunny back parlor for
two; running water; grate; $10; single for S.'..
MISSION, Furnished rooms for single
men; $3 up: front parlor.
NATOMA. 16— Single sunny unfurnished room
to let; upstairs; $2 50 a month. *
NATOMA. (iO6— 2 unfurnished rooms; a sink
and running water; $4; or can furnish same.
OAK. Nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
everything complete: rent moderate.
OCTAVIA, 418—2 or 3 furnished rooms, with
or without use of kitchen. '.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month. -
O'FARRELL, 20S— Clean furnished rooms;
house changed hands; thoroughly renovated.
O'FARRELL, 280 (The Elwood)— Nice sunny
, rooms; transient; quiet. ,
O'FARRELL, 419 (flat 4)— Furnished room; use 1
of kitchen; $10. ; ': ■' '-'
O'FARRELL, 230— Furnished rooms; day, week
or month; nice sunny suite. ■'• :■
O'FARRELL. 271— Nicely furnished sunny
• rooms; suites or single; reasonable.
PINE, 514 A, near Kearny— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite: $5 up.
PINE, — Two sunny unfurnished rooms;
with or without board: all conveniences.
POST, 817— A front alcove room; also back.
room, with running water.
SAN CARLOS aye., 151, near Eighteenth-
Large sunny furnished front room, grate and
closet; $5 per month.
SEVENTH, Girard House; eunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
, — — '
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 826, opp. schoool— ln- the Mission,
suite or housekeeping in private house: no
other roomers; suitable for man and wife;
no children. Call Monday, 9 to 12.
STEVENSON, 409. and 22 Mint aye.— Sunny
furnished front rooms, with grate, and others;
$1 up. '
SUTTER, Newly and elegantly furnished
front room. '
SUTTER, 309— Pleasant, aunny front room;
terms reasonable.
TAYLOR 112— Changed hands; everything new;
suits or single; $2 50 per week up: modern.
TAYLOR, 706— Pleasant sunny rooms for gen-
tlemen. ' . .: ■•
THIRD, 251— Single sunny rooms for gentlemen,
$1 and up; private family. .
THIRTEENTH, 41S!_, bet. Valencia and Guer-
rero—Large sunny furnished bay-window
room, closet, running water; excellent view;
cheap. ■ . ■
TURK 127— Bright parlor for dressmaking or
office; light housekeeping: gas; new furniture.
TURK, 132— A large room suitable for two.
VALENCIA, 128, near Market— elegantly
furnished rooms, with or without board, in
private family. ■•?■■:-"'■'■■-'-■
VALENCIA, S44— Sunny furnished and unfur-
nished rooms; also housekeeping; gas, bath,
closets, grates.
WEBSTER, "ll- large sunny rooms; modern,
Improvements; rent $17. -
3 NICE sunny rooms; rent $S. Key at 853
Bryant st.
~ ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first-class in every respect; table-
unsurpassed; hot and cold, water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 month up.
FIRST Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board;- reasonable; table board.
O'FARRELL. 91S— First-class rooms and board
. in a Spanish family; references. '
TWENTIETH, 3990—3 or 4 ladies or gents; stu-
dents; private; sunny; home comforts: cheap.
: ~=
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ONE or 2 children to board v German family;
nice sunny yard. 439 Minna st.
GOOD home for 2 children; furnished room for
parent. 51 Clara st.
GOOD home for child, with mother's care, $10
a month. 210 Lexington aye.
STORL', TO LET.
HOWARD,. 1922. bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth-
Fine store, counter, shelves and 3 living
1 rooms; sunny yard; rent reduced to $9 50.
LARGE well lighted basement underneath th
German Methodist Church; suitable for a
kindergarten school or storeroom. Apply 86SB
Folsom st. ■ " -
LARGE corner store, with good fixtures; rooms
and stable: rent cheap. 500 Ninth st.
SAN JOSE aye.. 112— Corner store with fixings;
5 rooms, yard; $12; good for grocery or fruit
' store. . . ■<
SEVENTH, 48— Store with 5 living rooms; rent
cheap. ' ■:■
STORE. Twenty-third and Guerrero, sts., 3
rooms; cement cellar: suitable for bakery.
___________
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICES; light and sunny: Emma Spreckels
building. 927 Market St.: rent, $12 .'0; light,
heat, janitor and . telephone included. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, room 210.
KEARNY, — Newly renovated offices; en
«nitp or single: front or rear: low rent.
________________
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. . O'Donnell. office
> and residence, 102 1V3 Market, bet. 6th and 7U_'• CITY HEAL KSTATB.
PMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
MISSION BARGAIN,
Building lot near Castro and Guerrero-
st. car lines.
A VERY CHEAP LOT.
.Sl3oo— Near Market and Valencia its.; good
lot tor four flats.
■ SOUTHSIDE INVESTMENTS.
JlCiO— Rents JIS per month; 2 tenements and
lot.
;;-"- A COZY COTTAGE.
$.100— Western Addition cottage of 6 rooms
ana bath, etc., and lot; easy terms.
■•-'' a VERY CHEAP HOME.
-Mission warm belt; modern 2-story resi-
«ence of 7 rooms and bath ; 25x114.
•MISSION FLATS— A BARGAIN.
. S2ijO— bubstantial house in 2 flats of 5 and 4
MJoms. and bath each and lot.
: " .
f "■■ . •_■ - * ■'- "A VERY CHEAP HOME. ';'-■
;3.-£0 — Grand marine view; 2-story modern
rouse of 7 rooms and bath; Ssx_s; Western
■ Addition.
■ ..' " MISSION FLATS-VERY CHEAP.
.. . SS.oiV-Shonvell st.; rents %Z'l per month* 2
"Oats and cottage and lot; this is a splendid of-
• fering,
•'■ . : •
. ANOTHER GOOD INVESTMENT— MOSS ST
. -.$4OOO-r'Renta $432 per annum; substantial house ■
§: ? fiats; 25x75.
."•SUTTER-ST. STORE PROPERTY.
$500«.V*iibsiantIal modern building, in store
an.-; flat of S rooms and bath, etc.; rents $42 50;
• lrt\i2!i: will exchange.
• ■ - HAIGHT-ST. RESIDENCE. .
- "JCODO— Very cheap, fir.* modern residence of
12 rooms and but:i, etc., etc.; 25x112:6
."..'•■
AfC-OTHER WESTERN ADDITION INVEST-
MENT.
• . Golden Gate aye.; 2 substantial houses
i • rooms, !>ath. laundry, basement, etc., <\ioh;
:; -\57:6; rents $4S, which can be considerably
increased.
_.. ' THREE , VERY CHEAP FLATS.
■ •..■■•'o— Post st., 2 modern flats of 6, 6 and 4
nx-ms.and lath each; a very good location; al-
ways rented; no reasonable offer refused.
- ;". •• ■ AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
;. 57700— Pacific Heights; elite location; modern
.resilience on Washington St.; 2bx127:8^ feet.
.- . . . . • • -
.".. 'A BARGAIN IN THREE FLATS.
?S2so— Three elegant idem flats of S, 5 and 4
:■ j-rt'Sans and bath each; rents $1080 per annum;
■.CUk>'-sf., side ot Larkin.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
-■ $!iooo— Make an offer: near Haight and Web-
ster sts.: improvements and lot, 37:0x120 to rear
.*t-.:-3 houses and 2 flats, renting lor $74 50
' • per* .month.
.";•••.. ' THREE ELEGANT FLATS.
I S3ooo— Three cleg-ant, new, modern flats of 6
••roftms and bath each; 27:0x100; Western Addi-
;.tiph: rents $85.
•'. . .
'all and obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a list, of properties for
-.'•lfala'.in ail parts or the city.
•
■*«:'. ' : G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.,
' ._. : ■-. - ■ 14 Montgomery st.
' .23 CHOICE MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
", • . Noe. Henry and Fourteenth sts. ; 1 block
••:';. Market-st. cable road; Noe st. accepted
■:--by~t-he city, the other streets sewered and
.-• ..■irtacailan-.ized; lots 13x113 and 23x105; corners
• 'C7:6sU'3; ?evel. on grade and all ready for
;. building; offered at very low prices; several
■' '"have already been sold. £
... O. H. TMBSF.N A ro..
.;'.-" i* Montgomery st.
'. O.'-"F. YON RHEIN & CO.. ,
, -.'■ ' 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
. ■ IMPROVED.
v ".- SCxl6o to rear St.— Mis-lon, near Fourth; rents
j. $140- 50; $26,000.-
JL; ' .." -'\: ; Market St.. adjoining Oriel Hotel:
frontage on 2 sts.: fold to close an estate;
■ sc's.ooo.
. • iJlojhtgomery aye., through to Washington St.;
V'rfek improvements; rents $190.
. ;- -S^-xISO to rear st. — Kills St., near Jones; 11-
-'; rc-crm- house; rent $65.
C7:6xS7:o— California Ft., near Larkin: 2 flats; j
.-.•r«;nTP $06 50; always rented.
'. ; "4T":6xl37:6— Broderick St., north of Golden Gate
. -ev-fe. : residence, stable, grounds, etc
..>:-.■ 137 _137:6- Corner 01 Leaven Wo» and Green-
■■n-|ch sts..; 10 rooms and hath; rents $30: $12,000.- :
' 7:6— Pine st, near Taylor; $12,000,
. •20xp7:6 — Corner Dupotrl and Hincklcy; store I
.-"..-sx-'i Jodcintr use; rents $85; $10,060.
...: 50x75- i Clementlna St., near Fifth; 2 houses;
."•r«?nts.sTl; $S5"X>.
' -57i6x120. with Improvements on Linden aye.;
: : .Hayes st. near Laguna; $6500.
"."-3x50 — Fourth Ft., near Harrison; store and |
: flat: tSSM: sale urgent.
' ■••• If'xs7:6— Lewis place, vest of Taylor st; 3 :
bay-window flats: rents $39: $6000.
• '•' 25xijP — Commercial st., near Front; brick i
• huiiaing; $60iiO.
V t modern flats: rents $110: sunny and
! fashionable; Mission r>flt.
.••-.2^x7s— Corner Eighteenth and Colllngwood
is-.':, store and flats; $7000.
= !FsSs— Nineteenth. near Valencia; 2-story
. bouse of S rooms and bath; $3000.
l'4:3x£3:3 — Green st, near Powell; new mod- 1
.rrri-bav-wlndow flats: rents $38; $4500.
. ■ - : ::<ix-7S :6— Vallejo st., near Powell; $4000.
• :'sxli2:6— Shotwell st., near Twenty-fourth; 2
•T.s.t!=: J3?OC.
• 27.x114:6 — Twenty-second St., near Guerrero; 2-
. story house; J2900.
'-. • ttj:ftx7s:9 — Corner Boardman place and Fargo i
place; Mire and flat: rents $22: $2200.
'•„• 21 :?'is&i)— Twenty-sixth st, near Harrison;
■-.cottage; $2100.
•-=.' • UNIMPROVED.
•■••'S0xtl:10^-SE corner Polk and Lombard.
;.: — Scott, near Washington.
",. 137:6x137:6 — Francisco, near Van Ness aye.; !
../wirP subdivide in lots to suit.
..:. 25^*5— ■'-. near Stevenson; 2 lots.
."-.255000— Valencia, bet 13th and 14th: 4 lots,
- • — 13th, bet. Valencia and Jessie.
• : SosllQ^Noe. near Fore $1300.
• J'tWxlW— Corner B st and 25th avp. ; in one or
•'rfioye lots.
:;4— 2<th. near Dolores; $1000.
••• i'ox?«;— 24th St., near Douglas?; $S5O.
•' "-.!s'<lver Terrace Homes) lots cheap.
H ■••■•.■ iaj.
:.•• • : mi ra hold.
■ -' : , • . Mi - _£>.
: ' ißtorje and S rooms en Seventh Bt ; a good in-
• V«>strnpnt property; will be sold very cheap
•M.qr.-'casfc.
.' ..* ' -WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
■ -New J-Btory hutirilnt: on prnminent corner;
fan -be bought at a Krcat bargain; will bring
Ejiler.did income on investment.
ON NINETEENTH STREET.
■«*. " A 'good «-room cnttase on Nineteenth st.,
•r_?ar Guerrero, win* stable on rear of lot;
'; price* -52300.. \
■'•.':••'■' ' IN PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
.• -On ' the north Ride of Clay at; a splendid
sunny.- lr>t,- 3<ij: 127:8: we can sell this lot very
••c.he^p.; we mean this; It must be sold.
. '"'".. : CHEAP MISSION COTTAGE.
; . On Twenty-Becond at" In the Allusion, 4 rooms
■■•a-scl.-.bath; lot 25x114; price only ?1500.
'■'. . SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
..;A • ?-roc:n brick house, with bath and large
.Jot, '37:6x75; room to Improve; price reduced
■'•to. $30L'0.
I'"'-!. " SEND FOR LIST
•'Of .our rhnnp lots in tho Panhandle end Alamo
K.quare districts; also Presidio and Pacific
; Heights.
. iIcAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS.,
. . : . ICS' Montgomer*' st., San Francisco. Cal.
HEALTH RESORT OF SAN FRANCISCO.
- "; In the beautiful Sunset Valley, near the
.". i Hoyely Ocean Beach, and only I block from the
; .•'•park- and within 10 minutes' walk of Sutro
• • Heights, where the climate Is warm and the
"... «*a air; balmy. Jacob Ileyman it Son will ar-
-. = range with purchasers to ell them lots and
" • curs or build them house* on email install-
-• ments of $5 and %1 50 per month. Fresh spring
■ '.• water piped into cars and buildings and ail !
- the' conveniences required;' lo families have
J •already settled there permanently, and are ]
. --the. 'happiest people in the world; don't delay, '
•at ..property is advancing ■, value near the)
. :,. beach: .a*k only for Jacob Hc-ytnan's lots, as ;
■ -he is the owner and builder: do not be mUled i
■ .by. sharks 01 curbstone broker*.
JACOB HEYMAN A SON, Owner, »
.-'.-• 11 Montgomery st.
'"■ X-. Next week we will have a branch
. 'office fronting J et. and the boulevard.
.$lO -MONTHLY will buy you a rmw 5-room
■'■.-. cottage near Holly Park; near Mission eleO-
•' tftc cars.
•••" 4250— on Twenty-ninth St.. near Diamond |
" mil .Glen Park: $5 monthly Installments; lots j
»_U4 each. . JACOB HEYMAN & SON..
•■••■" • 11 Montgomery st.
..RENTER: ~ ~ ~
."•'• What would you say if a man were to lend '
" yo'ti'W and charge you $4 Interest on the above ,
'•amount? Would you not think him an ex- '
," \ fontfonpr of the worst type Though ..you
'..' .rr>ay never have thought of It that is exactly j
.-the .interest you are paying your landlord
»verjr month for the use of his home. « For
■every payment of $10 you make us on account j
"of your own home we credit you with" s6 on !
." »the principal and save you the monthly el- ;
' tortion of $4. We have 3 nev/ houses on the |
• Reyman Tract for sale on easy terms. Mr. 1
.Cotter will show them to you. Take Mis-
' : »f«n electric cars, tratififet to Twenty-seeond-
»t cars and ride td Hoffman aye.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 11 Montgomery st.
$101— LOTS In Colma. on the electric road; easy
terms. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$3100— NEARLY new modern cottage; 6 rooms
and hath; 2758 Twenty-first et.: must be, seen
to ;.• appreciated; ccc owner on promises.
$30w>_Eiegant pair of flats in Richmond," in-
KIS? Ninth aye.; rent* $2S per month: flats have
b**>n completed six months; very cheap, v
$2100— Elegant modern 6-room cottage on Ash-
►Vury Hfbjhts: foreclosure sale. . .
5f(,00— Pine Bt. ; 8 rooms and bath; lot 27:6_100;
lot alone worth th* money: other bargains. , -•
.7. XV. WRIGHT S.- CO., C3O Market at.'..-.;
OWING to the pressure of business and the
necessity of a larger office, JACOB HEY-
MAN _ BON will remove about March 1,
• ".**'>. to No. 19 Montgomery St.
CITY REAL ESTATE. I
NEW PROPERTY LISTED DURING THE
MONTH OF FEBRUARY
. . It* BALDWIN _HO WELL.
Powell aye., close to Mission st. ; 3 fiats
01 4, 4 and 3 rooms each; lot 25x100; this is a
Very good Investment. , .'
521.CW0— Large corner, 50x75, on Valencia st.,
close to Market; improvements; 3-story build-
in.. ' •
$20, 000— Turk- corner, near Buchanan st. ;
large lot, 52x120; 7 residences; 6 rooms and
bath each. "•.•:."•■
O'Farrell st., near Pierce; 2-story resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
Golden Gate aye., near Scott; 2 modern
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rent
$62 50; lot 25x100; these are very expensively
built flats. ;■•■•- ■ .
$3500— far from the corner of Stanyan and
Frederick sts.; Us-story residence, containing
8 rooms and bath; lot 25x80; easy' terms; houoe
cost $4000 to build. , I
$J4OO— ■ Rent $27; near the corner of Third and j
Bryant 6ts. ; 2 flats of 3 and a rooms each and ,
rear house of 4 rooms. :.- " ■ *
$10,000— LAguna-st. residence, near Broadway; j
modern residence of 12 rooms, etc., in splendid
repair; lot 27:6x107:6; large mortgage can stand;
this is a very desirable house at far less than
its original cost , , ..
$8600— $79; Central aye., near Haight St.; |
I 3 modern flats, just completed; contains 6 rooms
i and bath each; on sunny side of street; lot -ax j
I 112:6; a good buy.
; $7500— Rent $06; splendid new 2-story and base- ,
! ment, buildings on Hayes st. not far from town, 1
containing 2 handsome sunny flats of 7 rooms
each; lot 25x137:6.
$200')— Sacramento st, near Powell; 2-story
house of 7 rooms; corner lot 30x4fi.
$5250— Washington St.. near Powell: 2-story
brick building containing 10 rooms and base- ]
ment; large corner lot, 40x77:6; building covers
only portion of lot. ' . '.
$13,000— Lacuna st: corner residence contain-
ing 15 rooms, 2 baths and all modern conven-
iences- lartre lot; splendid neighborhood; this
property is offered at a very low price in order
to make a very quick sale.
$6150— Rent $67 50; Larkln St., near Broadway;
3 flats of 5 and a rooms and bath each; lot j
24x100; large mortgage can remain; must be
sold. . „ .
$8500— Rent $72; Mason st, near Clay; o-story j
house, 10 rooms and bath; also double cottage
i of 6 rooms each; lot 40x60.
$6300— Great bargain; Folsom st; near 22d: 2
', flats of 0 and C rooms a_nd bath each; rent $45;
extra large lot, 45x122:6 ' .
$2Sso— Rltch St.. near Third and Folsom; 2
flats of 5 rooms each; also rear house of 3 \
rooms: lot 25x75.
$5500— Hayes st., near Laguna; large lot, 2i:6
xVM. to Linden aye., with 2 flats of 5 rooms and
bath each, on Linden aye.; Hayes-st frontage I
vacant; rent $31; mortgage of $4100 can remain.
$10.000— wanted; California st., near
Franklin; large lot, 30x137:6; cottage of 7 rooms,
; bath, etc.
i £4000— Corner of Pacific aye. and Jones st. : lot
i <5x60, with 2-story double house of a and 6
> rooms and bath; rent $32.
$1100— Nebraska St., near 19th; cottage of 4
) rooms; lot 25x100; easy terms; a good home for
! a worklngman.
$8500— Post St., near Franklin; 2-story bay-
I window residence of 12 rooms and bath; lot 26x 1
137:6: large mortgage can remain.
$3500— cash, balance same as rent; Lake :
i st., near Ninth aye.; lot 32x72, running back to I
; the Presidio Park; house of 7 rooms and bath |
i and basement; street work done.
i $2500— $-1: Lang! on st., near Bryant; 2-
; story bouse containing 2 flats of 3 and 4 rooms
I each.
$6500— Rent $55; facing- the Park Panhandle; 2
handsome flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
large lot.
$2000— Rent $20; Tehama st, near Eighth; 2
fiats of 6 and 6 rooms.
$SOoO— Post ft., near Van Ness aye.; 2-story |
residence of 10 rooms and bath, etc.; lot 27:6 x j
120; two frontages.
$3600— $34; Hartford st., near Eighteenth: ]
; modern 2-story building containing 2 flats of 5 j
; and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 25x125.
$3300— Rent $•"?!<; Clementina at, near Fourth
and Howard; 'i good buildings; a good renting
locality. BALDWIN & HO\Y£_J-,
■10 Montgomery st.
RUSSELL & SURRYHNE.
Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors and
Insurance Brokers,
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
RESIDENCES.
$16,000— Washington at; elegant home, 14
rooms; lot S3:tixlOO; open for an offer. . 
$11,000— Clay st; 12 rooms and bath; marine !
view; lot lfJxl37:BH.
1 $9500— Pacific aye.; line marine view; 10 rooms; !
i lot Ssxl27:SVi-
s7Boo— Page St.; 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x100. I
$4550— Washington St.; 6 rooms and bath; lot
21:6x102; very cheap.
$3500 — Green st; 6 rooms and bath; modern; ;
I lot 40x60.
$3760— Polk st. ; 2-story house, 7 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100.
$3000— Green St.; 6 rooms and bath; lot 29:6 x ,
127:6.
$.850— Twenty-first st; new modern cottage, 1
6 rooms and bath; lot 23x114.
$2500— Chattanooga st, near Twenty- fourth;
cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
$1850— Sold to close an estate; near Stelner and j
Geary ste.: house, 7 rooms and bath; lot 22x70; I
very cheap.
$2500— Near Seventeenth and Castro sts.; cot- !
tage, 5 rooms, with stable; lot 49x126.
INVESTMENTS.
$3250— Clementina st. near Ninth; 2 flats;
rents $35; lot 25x75; will take less.
$5250— Fine corner near Haight and Flllmore; ;
occupied as grocery and flat above; rents $50; '
lot 24:3x81:8. ■■'-. '.'■'.■■.
$4250— Stelner st. near Golden Gate aye. ; store i
and flat; rents $34; lot 25x87:6. i
$2500— Langton at.; 8 tenements; rents $26; lot
25x75; want an offer. _
$5000— Rents $50; Jessie st: 4 flats; lot 25_<5.
$7500— Post st. near Van Ness aye.; 4 flats;
lot 25x120, running through to rear street; open
for an offer. Alta . Plasa: . Steiner st,
$7500— Overlooking Alta Plaza: Steiner St..
near Washington; magnificent residence site;
lot 37:6x106:3.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine st, oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$1400 will buy 4 lots 25x100 feet each on air-
mount; only one block from Chenery st.
$12,000 for house and lot 30x137:6 on California
et. near Van Ness aye. _.___ i
$60.000— Splendid large corner; 2 blocks from
Market and Mason sts. ' _'- v
$19 000 reduced from $14.000— Three 2-story
bay-window houses on Haight st., near Web-
at«; lot 55x137:6; no better Investment in the
city; rent $75. ..•■■rrrjM' __. _
$9o',Coo— Market et., 1 block from corner Third;
3-story brick; 35x155.
$20,000— Lot 45x80: Mission St., near Sixth,
with two 10- room houses: will pay me rent if
raised and stores put und«T.
$2S,soo— Rent $2710 per annum; a splendid busi-
ness corner in the Western Addition.
000— Market st, near Twelfth; lot 50x135
feet; improved.
$5900— A business property on Geary st.; store
and 2 flats: rents $47.
Cottage and lot. 23x100, at Potr<- ■>.
$25,000— A 10 per cent proposition on Larkin
st; best business part; rent $186. . . . .
$3750— Rent $30; business property, store and
flat: owner wants to go to Europe, otherwise
would not sell at that price.
135,040. reduced from $38,000— Paying 8 per
cent now and will go up to $60,000. ,
$4250— Fine Park Panhandle cottage, 6 elegant
rooms; lot 23x110 feet ■ | ■
$CSOO— DESIRABLE home eh*ajy, 9 rooms, bath;
extra size lot; sunny; near Jackson and Flll-
more sts.
$16.500— Elegant corner residence; double lot;
stable; garden; sun ell day; Sacramento st.
$5.'00— Marine view lot: P5x137:6; Pacific
Heights; near Laguna St.; part cash.
$573— Clement St., near 15th aye.: 5 ,x100.
$160—75x100; south of park; maybe, less.
$700— Lake St.; 50x100; great sacrifice; vlow.
H. E. POEHLMAN. 503 California st.
D NEAR the new music stand, a fine lot, ex-
ceptionally well located, will be sold cheap;
also 8 corner on D st. ■
$2800— California aye.. near Mission st; mod-
ern 2-story 8-room house; lot has two frontages.
$1630— Twenty-sixth st, near Sanchez; nice
cottage: this is the best bargain in the Mis-
sion; must be sold. ■■■ - ' ■
26:5x114; Jersey st., near Castro; fine lot
read/ for building. -. • ____, . , „.
Cheapest price In the neighborhood; 25x
115- Firat aye., near Clay st; street In bitumen.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
S33Co— s6oo cash, $85 monthly; . modern 2-story
Lav-window residence of 7 room*; porcelain
bath and all latest conveniences; very attrac-
tive _r.rden; over CO varieties of roses, etc.;
extra large lot, 67«,4x100. on sunny side of
street, which is SO feet wide; street, work all
done; located above the railroad in East |
Berkeley, and only "4 minute." walk from |
station; 40 minutes from S.K.: fare 5 cents
on commutation ticket; splendid climate;
new attractive home way below cost. Ad-
dress box 101. Call office. .
SOL GETZ i? T^ ocKER BUILDINO
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY $200! ONLY $200! INSTALLMENTS!
BEST AND CHEAPEST LOTS NEAR
boulevard .and beach!
np:w blocks, fine climate, superb
VIEW.
$300 to SSOO— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots:
best home sites In the city; only 125 down. $5
monthly.
Special bargains In Richmond lots— to
$800; ready, to build on.
$100 to $300— near Misslon-st. electric
cars; ready to build en; $10 down, $5 monthly.
Branch Office on Ninth aye.. near H st. V
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
FOR SALE— Heights residences Just b<»r
ing completed, corner Jackson and Buchanan.
Finest homes ever offered on the market. Fin- 1
(shed In mahogany and 0ak. , ,, Contain .12
rooms, attic, billiard room, wine room, heater,
etc., 7 mantels, dressing room adjoining each
bedroom. Inlaid floors in reception hall. Full
particulars. MADISON. & ; BURKE, 626 Mar-
ket st. " : ' -y:: : - ■■-'■- ■ ■ - ■ -
LEAVENWORTH, 2333— New corner. 6 rooms,
bath marine view: lot 27:6x110; «♦— -< work
all done; $1500 in installment* ',
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBBTJARY 26, 1899.
' CITY HEAL ESTATE^-; _-•_[_
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
Established li»5S. 626 Market st.
Must be sold— fine flats on Hayes st.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low, $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush st, near Devisadero; 7 rooms and 1
bath; lot 23x157:6. ' ' ' ' . '
Gough st., near Fulton; .11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar;. lot 31x82:6.
$2600 only for a nice 2-story house in perfect
order; Hampshire St., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
100.
$3250— Central aye., "near Hayes st.: good
building with an old-established restaurant and
bakery business; lot 25x100. ' ' ' ' -':S v >
$5000— Three flats; Twenty-first St., near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 23x90.
$5000— O'Farrell st., near Devisadero; 3 houses; j
rents $42 per month; lot 45xS0. *
Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6 rooms 1
and bath; 24:3x114.
' $3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
; $4000— Webster St.. near McAllister; 6 . rooms
i and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6.
Hyde St., near Union; cars pass; lot 26x60;
only ?2300. •
$2209— Building and lot; west line Mission St.,
near Cortland aye.; 26xC0.
$000— Rlpley St., near Harrison; 23x75; 7-room
house.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20,000— Pacific aye., southwest corner Octavia 1
st * 50x127:8. . ' _|
Corner on' Haight and Octavia sts.; 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent. *
Corner; only $2250; California and Locust >
sts.; 37:6x107:7. __,_,„
50-vara; Buchanan st, corner Chestnut; $6000; .
137:6x137:6. _.
$5200— St., opposite the Park, near Clay-
ton; 50x137:6. ____
. Church st., near Sixteenth; 50x125; only $2000
j $200cUc_.llfornia, near Broderick; 24:9x82:6.
$2000— California, nenr Broderick: 24:3x52:6.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth: 52x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2000— Twenty-first St., near Sanchez: aoxll4.
$1600— Filbert, corner Buchanan; 23x90.
$1750— Union st., near Webster: 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J st.; 25x120.
$800— Twenty-first St., between Diamond and ]
Eureka: 23x97:6. : .' v
$800— Jersey st., near Noe; 23x114. „„_,,.
Twentieth St.. corner Douglas; 30x110.- !
California St.. near Second aye.; 2sxl00; $800.
$800— Tremont aye., near Frederick st. 25x75.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
$5750— elegant flats, just completed, 5 and
C. C BEMIS. Real 'Estate and General Land
i Agent, 324 Montgomery st. •-
Make " otter— Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
enth ■ and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114
* c 0 1
$2800— line Carl St., near Stanyan; 50x
! Residence and lot-North line Pacific aye..
1 near Webster; lot 30x127 feet.
In Berkeley— lot; 87x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms. ' '■ ■'■■"-•'''•
: ■ MISSION COTTAGES —
Four, 6. 6 and 8-room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth st., between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
i LOOK at this; must be sold: part cash, or wljl
trade for improved city property; lot 80x213:
! 2-story house. 9 rooms; bath: all modern im- j
provements; 2-story barn; tank, tankhouse
! and windmill: fine sewer system: street work
all done; cement sidewalks and through
grounds; beautifully laid out garden: palms;
fruit: oran.e and lemon trees; 3 blocks to
] station: Berkeley. Box 1507. Call office.
! CHICKEN, bee and fruit ranch of 6 acres: one
of the best equipped in the State] 600 chick-
en-, 200 ducks, 400 pigeons and 3d stands of
bees; large brooder-house, capacity 3000 chick-
-1 ens; 'incubators, bone-cutter mill. hay-cutter,
clder-prees, bores, wagon, buggy, farm Im-
plement*, tools, etc.; household furniture
I price $1750 for stock, improvements, etc. : rent
$25. J. H. READ. Dlmond, Upper Frultvale.
Alameda County. -.
FIRTH-ST. corner; stores and lodging house;
price $19,000; want offer. ASHTON & GARD-
- 1N" F. R. 4il Montgomery st- _^_______
~ COI..TKV KI-AL KSTATHS.
g"h?T'mbsen & CO.,
David Bush, Manager Country Department.
14 Montgomery St.
$1600— Fruit and poultry farm of 9 acres; IS
miles southeast of Napa, near asylum; family
orchard of 2 acres; 4 acres in grain ; 2 cows,
horse wagons, harness: about 100 chickens,
plenty of water; new house of 3 rooms ana
cellar; with all the necessary farming tool*.
$1500— 10V4 acres near Martinez; school and
railroad station close at hand; 3 acres in 6-year-
old -prunes; 7 acres wine grftn*«: house of 4
rooms, with cellar and porch; barn; poultry
houses with Incubator and brooder; good water;
horse, cow, wagons, harness; 2 dozen chickens
and all necessary tools.
52000— 31 acres near Martinez; good grain ana
vegetable land; family orchard; well watered;
6-room house, with porch; barn and all the
necessary tools, with horse, wagon and harness.
$2004-30 acres between Elmira and Vacavllle;
4000 grape vines, 400 apricots, 400 peaches and
family orchard; 10 acres in grain: all level
land: house, barn and packing house; good
water; 2 mules and harness: cart, plows, har-
row, cultivator and fruit boxes.
Falls River Mills property, in Shasta. County
—960 acres of good grain, alfalfa and pasture
land; a flouring mill, toll road, dwellings, town
lots and the magnificent water power belongs 1
to the property; Fall and Pitt rivers run
through the land; full particulars and photo-
graphs of this splendid property at office; a
rare opportunity for Borne energetic man.
A COMFORTABLE. Inexpensive home, beau-
tifully located In a healthy, rapidly growing
town 50 miles from 8. F. : good citizens,
churches, school, societies; living supplies no
cheaper anywhere; 5-room cottage, 6 lots, 200
x 212 feet, cistern, stable, chicken houses,
flower garden; just the place for a nursery or |
raising fancy poultry; price and terms reason- j
able: title perfect; regular steamers stop daily
to and from 8. F. ; fare, 25c. Box 62, Antloch,
Cal. ' " ■
$C7fi— ACRES in Lakeport, Lake County; 10
acres bearing orchard; 3-room house, barn,
etc.: running water; bargain.
$2850—350 acres. Lake County: 150 acres In
crop: abundance of wood and running water;
good house and bam: mostly fenced.
C. F. MOORE, 935 Market st., room 4.
AT $2 50 per acre— 6oo acres good land. 4 blocks
from railroad station, . Mendoclno County; hi
cash, balance long. time.
$1500, i,_ cash— Nice house, 8 rooms: acre
ground; Menlo Park: H cash. ... .; ..V. . . ->
I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery st.
A BARGAIN— acres Santa Cruz Mountains;
30 acres clear/balance timber; orchard; good
. house, barn, etc. Address 3540 Mission st.
CHICKEN ranch . wanted: rent, privilege pur-
chase; near school. Full particulars, box 413,
Call office. .-"■■-.
BARGAINS In small and large ranches. AN-
DREW PRICE, 206 Kwirny st.. room 306.
SHASTA County farms for sale. L. L. M.
SALSBTTRY. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts;. 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California st. S. F.
MONEY TO LOAN.
TO LEND. SUMS FROM $500 TO $50,000, at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
. for a term of years, or redeemable by install-
ments. -. , ;>\t'--
: Money loaned on PATENTS, INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DEVELOP
AND PERFECT BAME. R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance. on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
Sire; avoid red tape and publicity-see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-0. Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market St.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda .at lowest rates, without
removal: no ■ commission: no delay*. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st, above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgage?, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rtn. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. . Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; tel. Main 1844. . '■ ■
LOANS to salaried people; no- security except
name. - New Era Loan Co., 1003 ft Broadway,
Oakland. , Hours. 10 to 3. ;
BORROW money on Indorsed payer or your
salary; small -loans a 'specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 3d & Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell St.
ON pianos, furniture: Oakland; Alameda;
Berkeley. EPSON. 1209 Broad way. ; Oakland.
BORROW from . the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
. FICE, 22 Mason St., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal : no com-
mission: private.. LICK. 116 McAllister it.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty/ MURPHY. , 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and M mortg.:
any proposition. Drydcn; 413 Montgomery st.
-..- :V C. r , :■■■ FINANCIAL. :. : '-,
NOTES t discounted, mortgages: advance, on
warehouse receipts;. probate. SYLVAIN SAL-
OMON, broker, 328 Montgomery st. •■■ ,; ■ <
MONEY to loan— estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Kreiger.- 312 Examiner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB . BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
3 FLATS near Oak-fit- Station, price $4500.
mortgage $1500, trade equity tor a ranch; 2
flats near Broadway clearing $30 monthly,
trade for a country hotel or ranch, $0000.
7-room house on Thirty-sixth St.; price
$4500; clear; trade for small ranch.
■ New 8-room house near Twelfth and Madi-
son sts. for sale; will take good ranch in
part payment; price $4500. Address or call
on P. KELLY, 461 Ninth st. _j
HOTEL of 40 rooms; large grounds; in excellent
location; in Oakland; must sell.
Also a large, choice list of city and country
homes for sale on very easy terms ; ' send for
new list of homes. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broad-
way, Oakland.
FOR rent— large store; the best. E. E.
BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland. .'
30 MINUTES from San Francisco ; 3 minutes
from station; In attractive neighborhood ;
new residence, 7 rooms; strictly modern; thor-
oughly constructed and finely finished; lot 42x
125- small payment and monthly installments
can be arranged. HERON _ HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway. ....■: . . . '■; ___
NEW 5-room cottage, high basement, all mod-
ern Improvements and . 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks; $200
down, balance same as rent Field Realty
Co., 1145 E. 14th st, nr. 23d aye.. E. Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange for city property—
a fine 3-story house on Eighth st. West Oak-
land, containing 7 rooms and bath and store
and 3 rooms and bath; cottage of 4 rooms in
rear; lot 26x156. Apply to C. B. WINES, Real
Estate Agent, 1756 Seventh St.. West Oakland,
Postofflce building. ■ V
A— ss MONTHLY will buy a new cottage and 2
lots in the Alvin Tract; take Haywards local
train to Elnihurst (trains stop in front of the
Alvin Tract), or Haywards electric car to
Jones aye.: free carriage meets electric cars
Sunday. W. H. WIGGINS, resident . agent. ;
JACOB HEYMAN _ SON, 11 Montgomery
st.. or 902 Broadway, Oakland.
$150 CASH, $6 monthly till paid for; neat cot-
tage of S rooms, barn, outhouses. 2 lots, nice-
ly fenced, good well of water, flowers; price
$575 all told: street macadamized; soil and
climate excellent; drainage perfect: fine level
land; streets all graded; some macadamized;
close to 3 electric car lines and a fine 8-
! Mory public school; 60 families now located
in nice homes: no fogs nor cold winds; Allen-
dale Tract. East Oakland; a few lots un-
sold. $75 upward: $5 cash. $5 monthly. Call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh st., corner
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner. ■ ■■ • ■-
$$50 AND upwards; a poor man's chance to se-
cure a home; located bet Grove st and San
Pablo aye.; within 10 to 15 minutes' walk to
local trains; convenient to school house and
postoffice; healthiest location in Oakland;
terms to suit. Address at once R. J. MONT-
. GOMERY, 470 Thirteenth ft.. Oakland. .;,- --
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
FURNISHED cottage, with piano, in suburbs;
v short walk to cars and local; large yard: $12.
Address F. SPRINGSTEEN. Oakland P. O.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1650— NICE cottage, 5 rooms; large lot;. Im-
I provements ; also, to let. cottage. 4 rooms. $7,
with water. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
~ BERK REAL ESTATE.
i DON'T draw your money out of banks and
deposit it in tin ens In your yard: own a
piece of the earth. We can sell you a slice.
40x135. on SO-foot street, and work all done,
for $550; only $20 down and $10 a month. O.
O. MAY _ CO.. '2123 Center st.
FBtITVALE REAL ESTATE.
«950_COTTAGE of 4 rooms, 2 closets and pan-
try: foot basement: lot 81x108; all fenced.
$1000— owner $1800; for sale; in East
Oakland; bay-window . cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; 7-foot basement; corner lot: 30x100; $100
cash; balance on your own terms.
$1100— A bargain; $150 cash and $15 per month:
house of 5 rooms and bath; barn, fruit trees;
lot 100x105; all fenced; only 3 blocks from
Fruitvale station. .___..<
$1150— 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath: lot
33x120; street work and cement sidewalk all
done; located In the best part of East Oakland:
$200 cash and $17 per month. ♦
$1200— Half-acre lot with cottage of 3 rooms
and basement; barn: pigeon house; city water;
easy terms If desired. -
2-story house of 6 rooms and bath; fine
mantel; barn; choice fruit trees In bearing;
lot 60x150; located in the best .part of Frult-
vale; $100 cash; balance $20 per month.
12 acreß for sale at a great sacrifice, with
house of 7 rooms and bath; large barn: fine
artesian well, windmill and tank: 3 acres In
choice fruit: only 1 mile from Frultvale sta-
tion and 1 block from electric car's; owner Is
obliged to sell: see this at once.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale station, Cal.
NEW 4-room cottage home; big lot: ch^ap:
easy terms: D Pratt. Frultvale Station. THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 648 Market ht.. S. V.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGEi
230 ACRES, no Ineumbrance. hay, grain, fruit
and vegetables: 50 Inches water; Chinese run
vegetables: fully stocked and equipped; has
over 1000 feet glass hotbeds; owner non-resi-
dent: will sell or exchange for city or Oak-
land Income. Address T., Station F.
$5300— 3 FINE flats; exchange for bay county
fruit farm.
$4000— Exchange for city property: will pay
$3000 difference. A 27-acre orchard near Vaca-
ville. I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery st.
$2;oo— 40 acres; Improved: clear: In Southern
California: exchange for lodging house or
property in Oakland. A. J. WARD. 1035 Mar-
Itet at. San Francisco.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS~we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $0 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
' payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts.. San Francisco, and . Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ■ . .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, orgmn/ and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . '■ ' ; ■ ______
A FEW gilt edge ■ bargains— Weber, walnut
case, upright, bargain: Knabe, good as new,
upright, rosewood: Chlckerlng. used three
months, upright, mahogany: guaranteed five
years; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 O'Farrell st. . ■'■ -. .
ABSOLUTE bargains In pianos, this week only;
Chlekerlng, $7*,: Stein way, $127: Emerson,
$13?; Kelf>o. $145; Spencer, $175; Colby. $185;
Conover. $225; Steinway, $250. SPENCER'S
Piano .Warerooms. ISIB Market st.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists: his touch regulator the -wonder of the
day; please examine. £_• McAllister st. ?
THE best bargain •In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market, st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms. >
SYMPHONIUM: cost $66. Address- Imme-
diately, box 485. Call office. ■ -
FINE Steinway. Chickering, both upright*, at
a sacrifice. KEEFE'B. 1019 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos rented. $3 ran. Bcott-Curtaz Piano
Co. Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: installments, .$5 75' up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W G BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos. .-.■'
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. BCHMITZ. 16
McAllister st., next, Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent, 308 Post st. v > -..-•.-
A PIANO that . will please you, the Byron
Mauzy.", 308 Post st. ■■•-.--
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles, KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell Bt.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and. new,. H.
■ MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
„ . HORSES.
40^TJoRSES~for"sale; also wagons, buggTaa?
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 827 Sixth; auction" sales every. Wednes-
day. ' SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— team, 1100 pounds, each. $50: 1 gray,
1600 pounds, and several others. 426 Valencia.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FORTeaieTclieapT 2 business buggies; almost
, new. ; 55 Beale st. .j : '■'■' "■ . ' :*..■. - ■
12-CAN milk or grocery wagon; new; cheap.
4075 Army St. ..-. . .. ?-;i,.-.v
100 SET second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies. ' surreys , and : horses. ' 1140 Folsom . st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
."■-. - _■_- . -1 I'KRS. ' /""■:',.."
ALL typewriters I sold | and rented, few I partly
used for • sale . cheap: send for - samples - and
• prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 . .ontgomary.
A HAMMOND.; S22S; Callgraph, $15; -Yost, $25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 233 Montgomery, st.
BUSINESS CHANCES. _^
$50^HOTElTat a sacrifice; other bus. cause of
sale. M'LAUGHLIN & CO., 777. Market. _
CORNER saloon, established SO years;
i present owner retiring from business, old age
the. cause; receipts $25 to $35 ; daily. Mc-
■ LAUGHLIN & CO.; 777 Market st.
TO buy, sell or exchange city and country
; property see HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
WHOLESALE and retail wine and liquor
house; card, billiard rooms; basement; safe
investment. HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
FOR this -week we offer the following list of
fine groceries, no bar: $3000, $2000, $1600. $1100,
$900, $700; with bar: $5500, $4000, $1600, $1500,
$1000. $700, $400; saloons - and liquor • houses,
$7500. $5000, $1600, $1500. $1400,- $400. $250, etc.
. THE GERMAN- AMERICAN, 112 Kearny st.
TO lease— Kenilworth Inn: romantically situ-
ated in Mill .Valley, 50 minutes' ride from S.
F.; , completely furnished; ' 40 rooms; steam
and hot water baths; electric lights; heaters
throughout;" elevators,' etc. ; rent low. Apply
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
IF you want to buy, " sell ■or exchange prop-
erty or business of any kind see JONES &
LAWN, 719 Market St.. for square dealing. ■
A— TO buy or sell your business . quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO., IOOS^ Market st.
CASHIER and office manager (5 years' con-
tract) with syndicate of manufacturers; must
have honorable ■ record and furnish $2000 to
$5000; salary $1200, with dividends; give for-
mer occupation; no answer unless full condi-
tions met at once. Address box 443, - Call. •
FOR $400— furnished dining-room (30 regular
boarders) and a furnished flat . of , 3 rooms In
best business locality; wfll give trial. Apply
at 404 Geary st. •
COOKING without fuel: great Invention; mon-
ey, time and labor saver; county rights for
sale. 48 and 49 Chronicle bldg.
PARTNER wanted; office business; small capi-
tal required; Investigate. Reliable Exchange,
41 Third St.. room 5. ' ' ■
CATERER wants small furnished boarding-
house to rent; must have some boarders.
Box 459, Call office. ■
FOR sale— account of leaving State., an old-
established grocery business. Box 445, Call.
DRUG store, physician's office and practice
in Oakland; bargain. Inquire 1103 A Folsom.
$430— sale; restaurant; present owner run-
ning over 10 years; a bargain. 108 Seventh st.
SALOON; good fixtures and stock: good busi-
ness location. 100 Folsom St.. corner Spear.
HOTEL for rent, furnished, in manufacturing
town near city. WARD & CO., 610 Clay et.
WELL-PAYING bakery; store trade only; very
best location; cheap. Apply Call office.
EAST OAKLAND school store for sale; owner
leaving. - 1262 Tenth aye., East Oakland.
WE buy, sell, exchange any business for cash;
rare chances; investigate. 41 Third st.
FOR sale— O. K. barber shop; good business; S
chairs; cheap. 959 Howard at. . ■
$175— CIGAR store for sale; cause of sale, other
business. 41 Fourth st. '
COAL yard for sale; no reasonable offer re-
fused; at Sixth and Washington. Oakland.
FOR SALE— A first-class family restaurant,
having, a fine family trade; owner is in an-
other business and cannot give it his atten-
tion. Box 339, Call.
GROCERY, wood, coal and feed ■ business;
whole or separate: roust be sold; cheap.
Northeast corner Dolores and Valley sts.
$325— SALOON; midst of factories ;:.- furnished
living rooms;. low rent: doing good ..: steady
business. CLARK & CO., 509 Examiner bldg.
GOOD paying city weekly for sale cheap: best
of reasons for' selling: profitable advertising
■-. patronage. Address box 440. Call office.
$700— RESTAURANT for sale: best location;
216 Main st., Stockton; a bargain; come and
see for yourself. T-i
IMPORTANT to liquor dealers— Fine marble
counter for sale; can be seen in cigar store,
900 Market st.; must be sold at once.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; information at
WILL & FINCK'S, 820 Market St. , ..-
-S4OO —RESTAURANT; 4 living rooms well fur-
nished; rent $30; a bargain. 1309 Castro st.
GOOD express wagon, horse and buggy " har-
ness cheap at 3786 Seventeenth st. ■ . i:; - ;
$150— SALOON for sale. Apply 65L Mission st.
RESTAURANT cheap. Apply Call office.
FOR business chances, . rooming houses, city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, \)oans
etc., call on CLARK & CO.. room 509, Exam-
iner building. •■ ■ •- •'-*"■'■ '■
WILL sell. If sold immediately, . restaurant
- doing $22 to $25 per day; cheap; proprietor
leaving the city. Apply 129 Fourth st. ;.-
FOR Cheap; branch bakery, and dairy
produce store; 4 living rooms; rent $15. - Ap-
ply 707 Devisadero st.
MODERN millinery store for sale at a bargain;
in a thoroughly up to date town. Apply to
BUTLER. SCHUTZE & CO., 723 Market st.
PARTNER; good paying business; small capi-
tal. Apply 997 Market, room 108, from' l' to 4.
$4500— FOR cash, only; for sale, one of the
: best hotels in the city of Oakland; 60 sunny
front rooms: house full all the time: reason
for selling, sickness of the proprietor; or
would take a good partner with $3000 cash;
persons without money need not apply; no
agents for business. Address C. A. S. H.,
Call office, Oakland. '
$800— CORNER grocery and bar , In Western
Addition: best cash trade. Apply 28 First
St.; no agents.
17,000 SHARES non-assessable, fully paid min-
ing stock; par value $1 per share: no fake
mines; now working; will sell shares for
$1 per 1000 shares; splendid for trading pur-
poses., MURRAY, 641 Clay at.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
-assisted by paying a visit to J. 6. PURDY'S
brokerage office, 45 Butter St.. opposite Oc-
cidental Hotel the latest New York and
Chicago markets. •
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus: doing business of $15 to
$25 a day; selling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 500 Haight St.; no agents.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee saloon for sale. . 965 Mission St., nr. 6th.
FOR Sale— A bargain; first-class grocery store
In Mission district; cash; about $1000. Apply
at TILLMANN & BENDEL, 813-327 Batter*.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from QEO.
W. CAB WELL ft CO.' 8. 415 Sacramento st.
lodging HOUSES for sale.
al ; ew"of*'decker i s bargains.
60-room corner house; clears $350.. $2,000
28-room house; clears $150. 530
46 rooms; corner: clears $250.... 1.600
10 rooms; near City Hall: very good 450
15 rooms; fine sunny .corner; clears $100.. 600
12 rooms on Market; exc\ for large house. 500
28 rooms: best cor. In city; owner sick.. 2,200
18 rooms; rent $50 (transient): half cash.. 1.050
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
call on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
15-ROOM house;: clears $100 per month: owner
Rclk: price $350. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
50-ROOM cor. house to exchange for Oakland or
. Alftmeda property, DECKER. 1020 Market st.
KREDO & CO.— ' ;>'■ ■— — i2\i Geary
Money -■ advanced on all . houses. i
$4000—105 rooms: European hotel: rent $200;
elegant modern house; clears $3000 yearly.
'.. $2500— rooms; -hotel; clears $250 a month;
best in city: all full.
$1400—35 rooms; all new: cheap rent; best
transient in city; worth $2000.
$800—11 rooms: O'Farrell; new. '
$425—10 rooms; Post; cheap at $600.
$325 — rooms; Leavenworth; nothing better.
Many others. Call and get list. KREDO.
$900—15 ROOMS ; central . corner. ., . .
$1050—25 rooms; all filled and paying.
$3750 — 50 rooms; near our office. <
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
IC-ROOM lodging house, with fine upright
piano; $600; $300 cash, balance payments.
; : Box 3SO, Call office.
FOR . sale — A lodging-house of 16 rooms, at
120 Sixth st. -. .- . ■■•' '-' ,
$450—12 ROOMS; sunny corner: low rent; clears
$40 monthly. 1129 Howard st. . "::
NICELY furnished 14-room house; rooms full.
609 Hyde St. . ' . .
FURNITURE FOR SALE*
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sate : cheap; •In
good condition; party going away. Apply 220
Gough St., bet. Fell and Oak.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $45 60. with No.
T rang*. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1181 Market.
-SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; Phone Mint <■'».
ALL kinds bought. sold, exchanged, rented; ;
repairing at lowest rates.. -tOS Fourth st. --
™ CARPET CLEANING. "~~~
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250. ; ,
WHEN you become disgusted with | poor .work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Irehama st. ; tel. 8. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Californfa Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4.'3 Stevenson st.;. tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at Sc
>• STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944..
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
: st. ;;' cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74. .'
CONKLIN'S ' Carpet ing Works, 333 Golden.
Gate aye.; tel. East 12G. ■*
SPIRITUALISM. :
MRsTj^jTwHITNEY, the celebrated trance
test medium, life reader and medical clalr-
*° >a THE ! SICK DIAGNOSED FREE. ■
COME AND BE CURED.: \ •
By her. wonderful revealed remedies and 'new
method" of treatment for chronic private and
obscure diseases. She has the divine gift of.
second sight and shows you the way out of
trouble, physical or mental, and gives you
health. 232 Stockton st., bet. Post and Geary.
Send ' stamp for circular and terms.
A- MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases ; diagnosis
free: sittings %l. - 232 Stockton st. ' ~ ."■• - :-.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia St..
MRS. B. BAUMANN; th» well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office .at 215 O Farrell.
MRS. MEN A FRANCES. Independent slats
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
CLi^IHVOYAKTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In San Francisco at 1023*4 Market St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore 1 lost i affec-
tions, mak« marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
give correct '- information on • law milts, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. V F. CLARK. 1023VJ Mkt.
GYPSY life reader: tells nothing but truths;
all questions answered: 25c, 60c. 92S Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153& sth, r." 21.
NINTH, 77— Your future told by cards: satis-
action guaranteed; ladles 10c, gents 25c.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: 10c. ladies only.
f,43 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.: clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; Isc.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. , RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future bus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. SU O'Farrell «t.
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE, 777 Market st. ; future
events. 50c: advice, all questions: satisfaction.
-™_ ___________ ~— _
~"paXmistryl
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
malne, 3388 Twenty-first St.. above Valencia;
tel. White 1571: reading bT mall SI.
~ SL I>J: '.?- FLU _ I ' V 6 hair. ---;„"
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed, by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush st. ; .13
years' experience; references given. - V
~ MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
- diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and. state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, . with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
absolutely confidential; satisfaction guaran-
teed, without injury to health, or money re-
funded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hours, 10 to 12.
2 to 4 and 7 to 8; phone East 995; Sundays by
appointment only. ' ' - ■ • -'■' -
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; positively no Instruments used:
self cure, $5; regulator, $1; home in confine-
ment; skillful medical attention: all can save
time and expense by . consulting, the doctor,
free, before going elsewhere: hours, 10 to 5 and
7 to 8. MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from
Turk to 916 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
■ avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else- fail: delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write: free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market st.;
pills, SI; very strong. 12.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
■ from what cause and how long standing;
g every woman her own physician; can he sent
cafe and sure;- no medicines or Instruments
used; • consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
E and ladles' physicians for 37 years; see us.
' DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st. ,
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
■ well-known; reliable, safe and sure: cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills. $1: cure
$5. 1362 Market St.. bet. 7th-Bth. tel. Mint 1633.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
eases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; home for patients separate from of-
fice: consultation free and strictly confiden-
tial: hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL. 3122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
A— DTI. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of »— »«ulari-
tles than any other physician; never fails to
cure: consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. IC23H Market st. vy > :
LADlES— Chlchester*s English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars:
'•Relief for Ladies": letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them.: Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
St.; SI SO. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
gura Mfg. Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate: Infant.? adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAITS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES— guaranteed for monthly troubles;
$5 up. DR. and* MRS. WISE, 1118 Market st.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladies cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles.
MRS. A CHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 5?.
CHEAPEST and bp*t in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States. postpaid, for .SI r>"r year.
~ma&riage~llicenses.
Marriage licenses' have been Issued as follows:
C, P. Neideek and Isabella McWhlrter.... 24-21
Leo Israolsky and Mac A. Cathcart.... 30-30
Pharan .Tllson and Lucy James 43-26
Mamie] Davis and Lena' Llndbach... 26-23
Robert Kenney and Amalla Haneen.. ......23-21
Solomon Chervin and Rose L. F1ch1er..... 32-37
John Zahn and Marie Knlmhacn 27-27
Henry. Deussen and Emma M. Bern ....... .32-22
BIRTHS-MARMSES-DEATBS.
Birth, marriage and . death notices • sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must b« handed
in at either of the publication offices, and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BAUGHMAN— In this city. February 1, 1899,
to the wife of Charles P. Baughman, a daugh-
ter. ■ ■ ' ' ■ ■' '. ' ■-
BRANDT— this city. February 15. 1593, tc
the wife or Onus Brandt, a daughter.
BRODERICK— February 5. 1539 . to the wife of
William F. Broderlck of Frultvale, a daugh-
■ . ter. . . ' ' ' . "-. ■•• • ■- - -. .
DALY— this city, February 24, 1899, to the
wife of Fred 3. Daly of Stockton, a daughter.
HAUB— In this city. February 17, 1899. to the
- wife of George Haub, ' a son. • ■ . .
HAWES— In this city. February 13, ISM. to
the wife of John W. Hawes, a daughter.
JAMISON— In i this city, February 20, 1599. to
the wife of ; Wallace, T. Jamison, a daughter.
KNORP— In this city, February 20. IS'J9, to the t
I wife of Albert Knorp, a daughter.
LE VILLA IN-In this city. February 25, 1539, I
to the wife of E.LevUlain, a son.
LYNCH— In this city, January 24, 1599, to the
wife of D. F. Lynch, a son. 1
MADIGAN— this city. , February 17, 1539, to
the wife of E. J. Madigan, a daughter. .
ROBERTS— In this city, February 22, 1893, to
the wife of A. J. Roberts, a daughter.
SIEGRIEST— In North ' Temescal.' February 24,
-- 1390," to the wife of Louis Slegrlest. a son. *
STAHLE— this city, February 21, 1599, to
•.the wife of Dr. F. H. Stahle, a son. ;
STOKES— In St. Helena, Cal., February 9, 1533,
to' the wife of Samuel H. Stokes,' a son. : '
________________
""married.
DELLWIG— In this city, February
25, .1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendelirig, Wrage
Hansen and Martha Dellwig. " • .
BEES— CHEVALIER— In this city. February
25, 1599, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward
Locke. John Jfees anrl Annie Chevalier.
DIED.
Bain. Robert . Miller. Jule H.
.Bettencourt Margaret O'Donnell. Katie J. .
.. ' Bloch. Guadaloupe O. ■ Owen, r Minnie .'-
Chessman, Unita Peterson. . Clark
Donaldson. Robert. Pope. s Mary A.
• Giese, < Friedrich . Reichardt. Otto
Grisslm (infant) ■ j Roslin, Charles ■
Helslg, Charles . Ross, : Richard ;
Howard, Eliza bath- Rourke, Charles
Jacobs. Morris Shepard. Minerva C.
Kroneke, Justine Smart. John
Lindsay. John Sommers. Henry
McDonald. John E. Whitehead. Eeginald
MoNeill. Eunice C. Winters, Minnie L-
Mayville, Francis
BAIN— On steamer Zealandia, between Manila
and San Francisco. February 19, 1599. Robert
Bain, beloved brother of Alex Bain, a na-
tive of Glasgow. Scotland, aged 42 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co.. 22S McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BETTENCOURT— In Oakland. February 24,
1599, Margaret F.. beloved wffe of J. C. S.
Betteneourt, daughter of Mrs. Joseph S. Car-
dozo. and Bister-in-law. of Dr. J. D. S. ana
M. Betteneourt, a native of New Berlin.
N. V.. aged £8 years 5 months and IS days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner of New Broadway and Moss
avenue, thence to St. Joseph's Portuguese
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated tor the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
BLOCH— A requiem high mass for the repose
of the soul of the late Guadaloupe Ocampo
de Bioch will be celebrated at the Spanish
Cburcfc of Nuestra Senora de Guadaloupe,
corner Mason street and Broadway, to-mor-
row (Monday), commencing at 10 o'clock.
Friends are requested to attend.
CHESSMAN— In 'this city, February 25, IW.
I'nita. beloved dauehter of Peter and Anna
Chessman, a. native of California, ased 4
years.
DONALDSON— In this city. February 21. 1>?:\
Robert Donaldson, beloved brother of James
Donaldson, a native of Ireland, aged 36 years
1 month and 6 days. A member of Osceola
Tribe No. 71, I. O. R. M.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
February 2S, at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GIESE— In this city. February 23, 1809. Fried-
rich Giese. beloved father of Mrs. J. R- Cross,
Mrs. George Riley and Mrs. C. E. Brady, a
native of Prussia, Germany, aged SO years 7
months and 4 days.
GRISSIM— In this city. February 25, 1*99. in-
fant son of Montgomery and Ella C. Gri3-
sim. a native of San Francisco.
HEISIG— In this city, February 25. 1899,
Charles Heisig. beloved father of Gertrude
Helsig. a native of Germany, aged 53 years
and 7 months. A* member of Harmony T^de*
No. 9. A. O. U. W. : Harmony Lodge No. 15,
K. of P.. and Engineers' Association.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February 2«. at "::'< o'clock, from Alcazar
building. O'Farrell street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
H. F Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth.
HOWARD— In this city. February C 3. 193?.
Elizabeth Howard, aged 4S years.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
, (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
'the California Undertaking Company, corner
of Stockton and Geary streets. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JACOBS— In this city. February 24. 1899, Mor-
ris Jacobs, father of Simon Jacobs, a native
of Prussia. Germany. ac p ri 63 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from B'nai B'rith
Hall, thence by train to Salem Cemetery.
KRONCKE— In this city. February 24. 1839.
Justine Kroncke, dparly beloved mother of
Mrs. John Jackson, Mrs. P. H. Bartels. Mrs.
Otto Furkert. Mrs. H. Brickwodel. Mrs.
Anna Wichmann, Mrs. Maria Tamke of
Brooklyn, N. V.. and the late Gesine C.
Brickwedel. a native of Germany, ased SO
yp«rs (New York papers please copy.)
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1615 Lombard street, between Gough
and Octavia. Interment private in Masonlo
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LINDSAY— In this city. February 25. 1R99. John,
beloved husband of the late Bridget Lindsay,
and father of William, John and Joseph
Lindsay, Mrs. Joseph Pendertrast. Roso
Creighton and Mrs. Daniel Scullen, a nativa
of Ireland, aged 67 years.
(ETNotice of fueeral hereafter.
McDONALD— February 25, ISW. John E. Mc-
Donald, a native of Cap>e Breton. Nova Sco-
tia', aged 63 years.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
MoNEILL— Ti! this city, February 25, 1891, Eu-
nice Clarp, beloved daughter of Josie and the
late J H. McNeil!, and" sister of Hf\-tnr and
I.t^lle McNeJU, a native of Waco. Texas,
aged 5 years 1 month and 19 days.
MAYVIM.E— In this city. February 24. IW,
Francis, dearly beloved husband of Anna L.
Mayville nnii stepfather <-,f Mrs. C. Wal-
• ford and W. J. Hatt, a native of Vermont,
aged 77 years.
MILLER— In this city, February' 2.". IS^9. Jul«
H., beloved husband of Elizabeth Miller, a
native nf New York, aged 40 years 5 months
and 6 days.
O'DONNELL— A month's mind requiem high,
mass will be celebrated for the repose of th»
soul of the late Katie J. O'Donnell (nee
Mohrmann) at St. Asrnes Church. Masoniu
avenue, near Oak street, to-morrow (Mon-
day), commencing at 3:30 o'clock. Friends are
requested to attend.
OWEN— In this city. February 24. 1599. Mlr.-
nie. beloved wife of Albert Owen, mother of
Florence Minnie Owen, daughter of FelK
and Mary Benner, and sister of Mrs. Laura
Beeler and Cora. Lillie. Maud anfl Thomas
Benntr, a native of Philadelphia, ased 2?
years.
(CTTrirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitod to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her lat° resi-
dence, 2567 Folsom street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
PETERSON— In this city, February 25. ON,
Clark, dearly beloved husband of Ella Peter-
son, and father of Marguerite Peterson, a na-
t'vn of Canada, aged 3S years.
POPE— In this city, February 24, 1R99. Mary
Ann, beloved wife of William G. Pod?, and
sister of W. J. Fifld, a native of London,
England, aged 46 years 7 months and 5 da>'3.
|r3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1041 Vallejo street. Interment I. O.
0. F. Cemetery.
KEICHABSDT— III this city. February 24. 1«9!>,
Ott". dearly beloved husband of Catherina
Relchardt, and father of Anna and Mlnnla
Rciehardt, a native of Germany, asred 63
years.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitfl to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock sharp, from his late
residence, 1630 Eddy street, between Steiner
and Pierce, thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ROSLIN —In this city. February 24. 1599.
Charles Roslin, a native of Finland, aged
31 years.
[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H P. Petersen & Co., 22S McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
ROSS— In Fresno. Richard Ross, a native of
San Francisco, ased 33 years 1 month and 8
days. t
ROURKE— A requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the rei>ose of the soul of the lata
Ctmrlcs Rourke at St. Rose's Church to-
morrow (Monday), commencing at 9 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are invited to at-
tend.
SHEPARD— In this city. February 24, 1^99.
Minerva C, beloved wife of M. H. Shepard.
a native of San Francisco, aged 40 years 4
months and 19 days.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are r( »sp»ot-
futly invited to attend the funeral this day
(Suniay). at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors orJ Hagan. 1707 Sacramento street, near
Polk. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SMART— In this city. February :4. 1899. John,
brother of William Smart, a native of Scot-
land, aged 24 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Company, 52 and 56 Mint
avenue. Employee of Alaska Packers" Asso-
ciation are cordially Invited to attend. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
SOMMERS— In this city, February 24. 1899,
Henry, beloved husband of Llbbie Sommers,
and father of Cecelia and Arthur Sommers,
a native of Germany, aged 45 years.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 3*119 Filbert street, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, near
Jones street, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-.
WHITEHEAD— In this city, February 24. 1899.
Reginald N., dearly beloved son of Thomas
N Whitehead. a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 1 month and 23 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th° funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 046 Mission street. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WINTERS— In this city. February 24, 1899, Min-
nie L., daughter of Anna and the late John
W Winters, and tister of Nellie and Laura
winters. Mrs. C. W. King and the late Mrs.
Mary Denny, a native of San Francisco.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(M-inday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 721 Harrison street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mas*
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
i-nrnmeneins at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
{Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
Amateur Theatricals at Kimberly.
There was a good deal of punching of
heads Incident to aftiateur acting- at Kim-
berly in those days. There was a well-
known dentist who sometimes trod the
boards, and his enemy, probably a rival
amateur, would sit in the front row of
the stalls and laugh during all the pa-
thetic scenes. At last the dentist could
stand it no longer. He leaped over the
heads of the orchestra, hit the laugher a
violent blow, saying, "That will teach you
to laugh in the wrong place," and then,
much relieved, climbed back on the
stage and proceeded with his part.— Ama-
teur Clubs and Actors. Elliot.
1516
LAWCZYNSKI'S DUPE
WANTS A DIVORCE
Wife of the Bogus Nobleman
Anxious to Regain Her
Freedom.
Within the next week there will be
filed in the County Clerk's office a suit
for separation that will recall the me
teoric visit to this city of a fictitious
Russian Count, his engagement to a
weli-known lady resident, their hasty
marriage and his ignominious flight
with his wife's money and jewelry.
The plaintiff in the interesting action
will be Mrs. Teofll de Lawczynski, bet-
ter known as Mrs. H. L. Fabry, the
widow of the well-known liquor mer
chant who was accidentally asphyxi
ated by gas in August, 1897. The man
fmm whom she wants to be divorced
paraded while here as a member of the
Russian nobility, but who, according to
the best authority, was nothing more
than a clever scoundrel who preyed on
defenseless women and sympathetic
people of means. The grounds upon
which the plaintiff will demand a sepa
tion are desertion and non-support.
The alleged nobleman is at present so
journing in the capitals of Europe,
where he is said to be plying his ne
farious vocation with indifferent suc
cess.
The history of the defendant, the
manner in which he inveigled the lady
who at present bears his name into
marriage, and the daring manner In
which he gained funds for his own sup
port, make % interesting reading.
Lawczynski, or, as he w r as sometimes
known, Kierzicki. was first heard of in
this country in Chicago in the early
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FALLING
HAIR
RESTORED
By warm shampoos with CUTICURA SOAP,
followed by light dressings with CUTICURA,
purest of emollient skin cures. This treatment
.will clear the scalp and hair of crusts, scales
and dandruff, allay ltchlnsr. soothe irritation,
heal eruptions, stimulate the hair follicles; and
supply the roots with nourishment and energy,
thus producing a clean wholesome scalp, with
luxuriant, lustrous hair.
Hair Came Out Freely.
I had the typhoid fever, after which my hair
came out freely. My mother suggested that I
use CUTICURA remedies. I did bo, meeting
with untold success. My hair grew in thicker
than at first, after use of CUTICURA SOAP
and CUTICURA (ointment).
H. .1. PATTERSON,
1205 W St., N.W., Washington, D. C.
Bad Scalp Humor Cured.
1 . had a bad scalp humor, and thought I
would go frantic with Itching. I lost consid-
erable of my hair (of which I had an abun-
dance, and was very proud). I tried several
remedies, but they all proved a failure. I
tried CUTICURA SOAP, found immediate re-
lief, and the itching Is all gone. /
MRS. M. JUDAN. 246 Halliday St., Jersey City.
Bad Dandruff Cured.
Dandruff made my hair fall out so bad I got
discouraged. I rubbed CUTICURA (ointment)
well into the scalp twice a week, and sham-
pooed with warm water and a good lather of
CUTICURA SOAP once a week. My hair is
crowing out thick once more, and free from
dandruff. MISS ADA JAYES, Chelsea, Mass.
Sold throughout the world. Potter D. and C.
Corp., Props., .Boston. "How to Have Luxuri-
ant Hair," free.
CiVE VAIID CITIW Hands and Hair by us-
-SAYH IUUK MkIN m CUTICURA soap.
part of 1896. At that time he only pos
sessed the title of doctor, and was not
loth to dub himself as such, having a
slight knowledge of medicine. In ad
dition to his native tongue he spoke
excellent English and was conversant
with Italian and French. His knowl
edge of medicine led him to try an
original scheme which netted him hun
dreds of dollars.
It was his plan to stop In front of a
handsome residence and swallow
enough laudanum to give the impres
sion that he was seeking to end. his
life. By frothing at the mouth and
various other practiced arts he suc
ceeded in making those who found him
believe he was dying. Out of sym
pathy they would generally carry him
into their luxurious homes and tele
phone for a physician. Before the ar
rival of medical aid the clever rascal
would so far recover as to be able to
tell a pitiful story of destitution. His
intelligent appearance and suffering
would often so move his listeners that
he would be sent away with a substan
tial present to tide him over trhat he
represented to be temporary distress.
His practices soon became notorious,
and, Chicago becoming too hot for him,
he fled to pastures nevy. Unfortunately
California was chosen as his new iield
of operations. Beginning in the south
ern portion of the State, he gradually
worked hi 3 way up to this city.
Lawczynski's first attempt at de
ception in this State was tried in Santa
Monica. The man with the unpro
nouncable name faked suicide in front
of the residence of Senator John P.
Jones in that town. He was taken into
the Senator's residence, given medical
treatment and then made his ufeaai plea
for money, but it is not known how he
fared on that occasion. His next known
attempt was in this city, but his ef
forts did not avail him much, as he was
sent hustling out to the French Hos
pital, where he recovered in remarkably
quick time.
While in San Francisco he made a j
shabby genteel appearance and made
his headquarters at the Oberon, where
he posed as a scion of nobility. Quite
a number of people believed in him,
while a majority set him down as a j
fraud. His appearance was not in his
favor. His clothes and linen were not
of the best, and many people were un
kind enough to call him a cheap waiter.
Some good friend (?) of Mrs. Fabry,
believing Lawczynski's claim to the
title of Count was a just one, intro
duced him to her, and a quick engage
ment and a speedier marriage resulted.
The Count labored under a delusion
when he married the handsome young
widow. He thought she and her -child
had inherited thousands of dollars
from her first husband, and he
set his wires to gain possession of
the fortune. He paid rapid court to
Mrs. Fabry and within two weeks after
their engagement he secured a mar-
riage license, and on the Ist of March,
1898, the couple were united by Judge j
J. V. Coffey at the residence of the i
bride's mother, Mrs. A. yon Gerzabek,
605 Steiner street. The wedding was a
quiet affair, only the immediate friends
of the bride's family and the Count be
ing present.
The mother of the bride was not im
pressed with either the Count or his
title and strenuously opposed the |
match, but her opposition was over
ruled. Failing in her efforts to prevent
her daughter's sacrifice, she took the
Count aside and told him what she
thought of him and informed him that |
he would have to leave her house and |
show whether he was capable of sup
porting her daughter.
The thought of work alarmed the
Count, and he told his wife a plausible
tale about his practice in Chicago need
ing his attention and begged her to ac
company him to the Windy City. But j
for the strenuous objection of the
mother, the Countess might have gone.
As it was, the guileless young wifi*
handed over to her scheming husband j
nearly five hundred dollars and all her
jewelry, and he started on his tour and I
never returned. He was heard of I
through his short stop in Chicago, i
where he visited his wife's relativos j
and borrowed a large sum of money j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
on the Jewels his better half had given
him.
Count Theophile Floryan de Lawc
zynski then continued his travels to
Europe and the last heard of him he
was trying his old game in Geneva.
Switzerland. Advices from that quar
ter tell of his evading a board bill by
sending word to his landlord that he
was despondent and would never re
turn, as he intended committing sui
cide. It was learned a few days ago
that the Mexican Government once or
dered him to leave that country for in
dulging in sharp practice and being
guilty of crimes similar to those com
mitted in the United States.
Mrs. Fabry is a young woman who
has had unusually bad fortune In her
marriages. As has been already stated,
her first husband was taken from her
by a sad accident, leaving her with a
sweet faced boy who is the idol of his
grandfather. L(*>pold Fabry, the well
known butcher of Hayes Valley. It is
said the Count has sent her numerous
communications since his departure,
but she has paid no attention to them,
having discovered his true character.
Mrs. yon Gerzabek believes her
daughter was hypnotized by Lawczyn
ski. She stated yesterday that she op
posed the marriage and is glad she ob
jected to her child leaving with him,
as she might have undergone untold
suffering. On the Ist of March the al
leged Count will have been gone one
year and it is probable Mrs. Lawczyn
ski will instruct her attorneys to file
her complaint at once, as she no longer
wishes to be known as the wife of a
"bogus" nobleman.
JOHN JU. AGAIN IN TOWN.
The Ex-Champion Boxer's Vaude-
ville Company Opens at the
Comedy.
Once more the stage at the Comedy
Theater is creaking with the weight of
the only John L. Sullivan. The ex
world's rhaxnpion arrived in town with a
vaudeville and comedy aggregation,
which made its first appearance last even-
ing. To criticize the performance would
be a harder job than Knocking out John
L. or his boxing partner, Jake Kilrain,
also an ox-champion. John L.'s histrionic
ability can be described in stock market
phrase as "nominal and unchanged." He
is Bigger and his hair is whiter than when
he last appeared before his numerous ad
mirers in the "West. He is still popular
with the lickle hero worshiper, which will
go a long way to make his stay profitable.
Of course the show has to conclude with
a sparring match, and Sullivan and Kil
rain do a short turn. The audience pay
the price of admission to see the star, and
no disappointment is expressed because
there is no blood spilled.
Concerning the comedy and vaudeville
artists nothing could be said. The proof
rf-ader would not permit the expressions
necessary to fittingly describe the show.
Any one suffering from that tired feeling
can increase the seriousness of the attack
by sitting through some of the numbers
•n the programme. Still, there are some
good features, and many people will find
the show tolerably interesting.
Lowest prices on diamonds, watches and Jew
elry, JAS. A. SOKKNSEX, 135 6th, nr. Howard.
Taken to Riverside.
Edward Franklin, who with a compan
ion named Smith, stole 17000 from Peter
Provensal. a farmer near Riverside, was
handed over to Sheriff Coburn last even-
Ing and the Sheriff left with him on the
train for Riverside. When arrested here
Thursday by Detectives Egan and Silvey
they found $2860 in his trunk, being his
share of the stolen money, less what he
had spent during the past two weeks.
Smith was arrested near Riverside.
Dr. D' Evelyn, returned from the East. Office,
Phelan building. •
Salvation Army Meetings.
Staff Captain and Mrs. Dunham, assist,
ed by Captain Stußtevant and the Train
ing Home Cadets. aYe to be heard nightly
at the Salvation Army headquarters. 1139
j Mission street. This afternoon Mrs. Dun
! ham and the training school cadets will
i have especial charge of the moling, and
some of the cadets will make their deb.!.
Ito the San Francisco public. Mrs. Dun
| ham will speak on "Woman's Right to
I Preach." and special music will be ren
dered by the Golden Quartet.
FATAL PISTOL
DUEL BETWEEN
HIGHBINDERS
One Man Killed and
One Wounded.
FIGHT ON THE SIDEWALK
LIVES OF MANY ENDANGERED
BY THE SHOOTING.
Si On Sear and Bing On Tongs at
War Over a Small Amount of
Money Owed to a
Woman.
Trouble between the Si On Sear and the
Bing On tongs, which started over a week
ago. resulted last night in a pistol duel
in which seven or eight men from the
two tongs took a hand. Pon Hung, a tai
lor, belonging to the SI On Sears, was
killed, and Way Yum Hung was severely
wounded in both hands. The latter was
arrested by Lieutenant Price and charged
with the murder of Pun Hung.
The shooting was one of the cruel and
apparently unprovoked episodes that ren
der the Chinese quarter a place of dan
ger and creates wonder that the inno
cent tourist and the passer-by should es
cape the pistol of the highbinder.
At half-past 8 last night, or within a
few moments of that time, five shots were
heard on Jackson street, near Dupont.
Both thoroughfares were crowded with
the usual Saturday night throng, mostly
Chinese, with a sprinkling of sightseers.
A block below a mission band was beat
ing a warning drum, and the members
were stepping to the front in rotation to
say "I'm glad to-night," etc.
When the shots rang out everbody start
ed toward the cornor excepting the Chi
nese themselves. They stood about, stolid
as blocks of wood. Police were quickly
on the scene. They hustled and scattered
the curious spectators. "Move on," they
said. "It's nothing- but a dead China
man." Such was the case. A Chinese
was prone upon the sidewalk, lifeless.
There is a steep incline at the spot where
he had fallen, and from hi 6 body, trick
ling down the pavement of Jackson street,
was a stream of red.
"Move on, gentlemen," said the police,
accentuating the counsel by divers shoves
and punches. Of the tragedy which had
occurred the average spectator knew only
that which he saw. Soon the Morgue
wagon rolled up and the body was taken
away. Business was resumed, and the
shuffling feet of the Chinese quickly ob
literated the visible signs of crime. Still,
a block below, the drum beat at intervals,
and the voice of the mission worker was
heard to repeat, "I'm glad to-night."
There wore several white witnesses to
the shooting, and all of these agree that
more men were implicated in the duel than
the dead man and the one under arrest.
Way Yum Hung denied that he shot Pon
Hung, and states that the bullet which
killed, the Chinaman came from the pistol
of some one else. It is certain that there
were two shots fired other than those
fired by Way and Pon. THe pistol of the
latter contained two cartridges which
had been discharged, while from that of
the former but one shot had oeen fired.
While Way protests his innocence, Lieu
tenant Price is positive that he is the
guilty man. After the shooting Way
threw away his pistol and ran down
Jackson street to Dupont where he was
captured by Lieutenant Price and Ned
McLaughlln, who pluckily ran to the as
sistance of the police.
Trouble over a small amount of money
owed to a woman was the original cause
of the shooting. Some time ago a mem
ber of the Bing On Tong was detained at
the house of Ah You on account of $4 he
owed one of the inmates. One of his
friends finally paid the amount due, and
several days later other members of the
Bing Ons entered the house and stole
some clothing belonging to a son of Ah
You, who is a member of the Si On Sears.
Ah You notified the latter tong of the out
rage, and yesterday a delegation from the
tong visited the Bing Ons and demanded
satisfaction. The Bing Ons agreed to
pay for the stolen clothes, but asked for
time. The Si On Sear men said that they
must have the money immediately and
declared that if it was not forthcoming
by 8 o'clock last night they would send
out their fighting men and begin to shoot.
The money was not paid, and at half-past
8 the highbinders met in front of the
store at 708 Jackson street and the due!
took place.
Pon Hung was shot in the right eye
and died almost instantly. Way Yum
Hung received two bullet wounds. One
ball entered his left hand near the wrist,
plowed through the palm of the hand, cut
off the third finger and lodged in the
knuckle of the second finger. The other
bullet struck him in the left hand, in
flicting a slight wound. From the nature
of the wounds the doctors are of the
Highbinders Engage in a Fatal Duel
on the Street in Chinatown.
opinion that he must have made an at
tempt to take the pistol away from hia
assailant. He was treated at the City
Receiving Hospital, and was afterward
locked up at the Central police station.
Besides being a member of the Bins Ons
the prisoner also belongs to the W'ah Hing
Tong. All of the men who took part in
the duel are Sam Yups.
Home for Small Salaried Women.
The managers of the Co-operato, or co
operative home at 645 Folsoxn for self-sup
porting, small-salaried women, announce
that they have accommodations for five
more boarders. The terms are $2 50 per
week.
FLED ON THE
EVE OF HIS
WEDDING DAY
"Billy" Levy Deserted
His Fiancee.
HIS WHEREABOUTS UNKNOWN
MISS EDITH WHITE NOW CON-
GRATTJLATES HERSELF.
Blames Her Lover's Father for Break-
ing Off the Match Owing to a
Difference in Religious
Belief.
Behind the mysterious disappearance of
"Billy" Levy, a popular young man about
town and prospective heir of his wealthy
father, Abraham Levy, the Sansome
street real estate dealer, is an interesting
romance that deals with a story of
thwarted love. It is alleged that Levy
was engaged to wed Miss Edith White,
a pretty maiden of 21 summers, who re
sides with the family of Policeman Mc-
Namara, at 1925 Fillmore street. The
wedding was to have taken place the day
following Levy's sudden departure a
month or more ago. Whether young Levy
left the city and his prospective bride of
his own volition is not known, but the
friends of the young lady assert that
Levy's family induce^ him to go away
in order to prevent his marriage with a
girl outside of his faith.
The young couple were lovers for a
long time and were seemingly devoted to
each other. They made all preparations
to celebrate their marriage in a befitting
manner. Miss White announced her in
tended union with young Levy to her cir
cle of friends and relatives and was the
recipient of many beautiful wedding gifts
from wealthy relatives in Ntw York.
The news that her intended had left the
city never to return on the eve of their
marriage almost prostrated Miss White.
She believed that her lover had been spir
ited away by a cruel father, but she lived
in the hope that he would write to her
explaining his unexpected departure to
her satisfaction. Weeks have passed and
the would-be benedict has not written a
line to the girl he vowed to wed. Levy's
present whereabouts is unknown to his
many friends about town. His father
stated yesterday that he did not know
whither his son had flown.
Miss White is now inclined to take the
matter philosophically. She was very re
luctant to make a statement concerning
the disappearance of her intended hus
band, but when it was suggested that
Levy had left town of his own accord she
became very indignant. As she told the
story of their unrealized dream of bliss
ful love a spirit of resentment toward
Levy's father gleamed in her hazel eyes.
and she emphasized every bitter word
with a haughty shake of her head.
"Yes. Mr. Levy and I were to have been
married on the Sunday following his sud
den disappearance," she said. "I loved
him then and he loved me, and I am ab
solutely certain that no power on earth
save the wrath of his father could induce
him to leave the city under the circum
stances. I have now lost all regard for
him. 1 only loved him because he seemed
so fond of me, and I thought he was en
dowed with a manly spirit. After he pro
posed to me I told him to tell his folks
about it. I advised him to consult with
his father, and he promised me faithfully
he would do so. He seemed to apprehend
trouble, and more than once he told me
his folks might object to his marriage
with me on account of the difference in
our religion.
"About three months before the date set
for the marriage I asked him to tell his
father. I told him I would not marry him
unless his parents were satisfied. He said
he knew his father's sentiments on the
subject of members of the Jewish faith
marrying Christians were well defined. He
was strongly opposed to a marriage of
that sort. I then suggested that we break
the engagement, but Billy would not lis
ten to such a suggestion.
"Finally I induced Billy to break th«
news to his folks. That was about a week
before the day we were to have been mar
ried. That night he came to the house.
He was nervous and excited. I asked him
what had happened and he refused to tell
me. I guessed the trouble and tried to
console him. We left the house together
and went to the residence of the rabbi
who was to have performed the marriag"
ceremony. Billy seemed ill at ease, but I
did not think that he was contemplating
sudden flight. If he had only given me
one hint of the result of his interview
with his folks I would have broken the
engagement instantly. I had no desire to
be a disturbing element in the Levy fam
ily, and I told Billy often that I would
not marry him unless he secured the con
sent of his parents. As Billy kissed me
good-night he said, 'Edith, do you trust
"1 was puzzled by his strange conduct,
btit my faith in his honor was never
shaken for a moment. I said, 'Certainly,
Billy. Why do you ask?" He never an
"That was the last time I saw him. The
next evening I repelved a telephone mes
sage from one of his friends telling me
that he had left town and had no Inten
tion of returning. I felt stunned for a
moment, but from that time my love for
the man died. I have no desire to say
harsh things about Mr. Levy or his fam
ily nor have I any intention of bringing
a breach of promise suit. I rather thank
my lucky stars that I found out in time
that the man whom I intended to marry
Maggioni
GLOVES
We have purchased from the manufac-
turer the entire stock of Maggioni plain back
mousquetaire and five-button gloves in suede
and glace, and will place them on sale begin-
ning Monday morning at eight o'clock for
Ouva pair
There will also be sold odd sizes of Elaine
and Trefousse mousquetaire gloves in suede
at the same price.
Every pair is -guaranteed and will be fitted
if desired.
We suggest an early call before the assort-
ment becomes broken as the prices of these
gloves have always been $1.50 and $2.00. ;
TJie gloves are now on display in our windows. ,
— ~^
125 to 131 Kearny Stlr^.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GENUINE
TAILOR
SUITINGS.
NEW CORD WEAVES.
$2.00 Yard.
35 pieces Imported FR ENC H
POPLINS, 46 incbes wide,
mixed effects and newest
$2.00 Yard.
25 pieces Imported BED-
FORD CORD SUITINGS,
stylish weaves and new
colorings, all rrjixed effects
and full 46 inches in width.
$1.75 Yard.
30 pieces 46-inch TWO-TONE
BEDFORD CORDSUITINGS.
combinations of colorings
10 tbe light and darK
shades of same color, a
novelty for tailor suits.
$2.00 Yard.
2 cases 58-inch OLL-WOOL
IMPORTED ENGLISH
SERGES, in different
shades of navy, manufac-
tured expressly for ladies'
Wear, genuine Indigo dye.
SPECIAL!
!50 NOVELTY BLACK DRESS PATTERNS G' f? QO
new weaves, in a large variety of 4>V-F
styles EAC H
111, 113. 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
could be so easily influenced by others
m v C wifl advised Willie to leave the city
are false. Of curse we did not like the
idea of his marrying that girl, but we
did not send him out of the city on that
account. He simply left of his own ac
cord I suppose he began to realize what
harm would be worked" by marrying -Miss
White and left town to. avoid it. He is a
Jew and she is a Christian. He may have
loved the girl, but when he realized the
difference in their creeds he probably
decided to leave town. In one way I am
glad that Willie left the city and in an
other wav I am not. He was a good,
steady boy and his habits were cxem
plarv. At Roos Bros., where he has been
employed for the last ten years, Willie
is well liked and respected. I do not care
to talk about the matter any more than
is necessary. My son left town of his
own accrird."
Ladies' tailor-made suits, fur capea, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter, rooms 6-7.
Chess Tournament.
A chess tournament was held last night
in the rooms of the San Francisco Whist
Club between members of that organiza
tion and students of the University of
California. The latter are amateurs sole
ly while the San Frandsco Club are pro
fessionals or nearly so. The former
scored seven games, while the latter had
three to their credit.
The statistics of the mortality among
the French troops, recently published by
M. Noel In the Rovue Sclentifique, show
that the death rate of the troops in
France amounts to 6.08; in Algiers. 12.27,
and in the colonies, to 42.95 per cent.
CHIMES OF MINSTRELSY
ECHO ON THE IOWA
PEBFOBMANCE IN HONOB OP
MAYOB PHELAN.
The Battleship's Crew Entertains
Hundreds of Guests in Begal
Fashion.
Two hundred guests, leaving care be
hind, visited the battleship lowa last
evening and enjoyed the quips and jests of
merry minstrels for two hours. The affair
was given In honor of Mayor Phelan, by
the crew of the battleship, in return fur
his entertainment of the gallant jackies
at the Orpheum last week. Under the
forward gun, which poured out tire and
shot at Santiago, the guests were seated.
Those of the crew not on the programme
perched themselves on the high turret,
while some ventured out on the long bar
rels, constituting themselves regulation
gallery gods. The entire forward deck
was covered and walled with canvas, the
stage being in the bows. The footlight
shades were perforated each with a k-t
--ter of the word "Welcome," and national
colors entwined with navy pennants
made a bright decoration. ,
The performance developed excellent
talent among the boys of the lowa, some
of the turns rivaling those of burnt cork
veterans. The first part was opened with
a chorus, and the solos by J. F. Shevlln,
J. G. Ehrman, E. J. Lyons, W. J. Shirif.
E. M. Atkins and George McCoy were
highly appreciated. The jokes were up
to date. A brilliant tableau, "Columbia
and Cuba," preceded the dropping of the
curtain.
Bates and Siefert opened the second
part with a melange of music, melody and
mirth. W. E. Whitehead, assisted by
George McCoy, followed with reminis
cences of the black art. The lowa quar
tet, composed of J. F. Dunn, E. M. Ait
ken, J. F. Shevlin and W. F. Wood, sang
character selections. Ehrman and Dela
hlde followed. They were In turn fol
lowed by George McCoy in a monologue
act; W. H. McGuire as an Irish orator;
E. M. Altken as a wendering minstrel: J.
E. Shevlin and George McCoy in a serio
comic musical sketch, and Delahide and
Kinnane in a boxing bout.
Mayor Phelan and several of the offi
cers' guests arrived on deck early and
dined in the officers' cabin. The battle
ship's launches were pressed into service
and transported the guests. After the
show had concluded dancing was indulged
In on the deck of the vessel.
Four species of plants produce capsi
cum, or the red pcper of commerce.
CASH OR LTTTLE-AT-A-TIME.
Lounge -$4.50.
SPECIAL
THIS WEEK.
ABSURD PRICE, ISN'T IT?
BUT ONE HAS TO DO AB-
SURD THINGS IN ORDER TO
ATTRACT ATTENTION NOW-
A-DWTS. LOUNGE 13 COV-
ERED WITH «OOD STRONG
FIGURED TAPESTRY AND
H \S PLUSH TRIMMINGS. A
BIT OF FURNITURE THAT
IS WORTH A GOOD DEAL.
MORE. SEND FOR OUR
BOOKLET.
THE J- NOON AN
FURNITURE CO.,
1017 to 10C3 MlMlon »t., above Sixth.
Phone. South 14. Open Evening*.THE CALL Sunday Edition.
GERTRUDE ATHERTON
Gertrude Atherton says women think more than men do, because
they have more time tor" thought.. This makes them keener observers.
It explains why woman's point of view is often so widely divergent
from that of man. Lately Mrs. Atherton has been studying the United
States Senate from the visitors' gallery.- She has reached the conclu
sion that collectively and in its component parts it is highly mter-
Every Senator is invested in the public mind with the toga and
halo of Senatorial dignity. Mrs. Atherton has cast these aside and
looked at the real man— always from the standpoint of the gallery,
which is that of the public. She passes the men whose names are
household words in review and notes their characteristics in the pass
ing. They are her views, to be sure, but they are decidedly analytic.
In lit!i cewwynntion with mr hr never mentioned party. She -talked
of men, purposes and principles. *
What Mrs. Atherton says is distinctly feminine. She is not
schooled in the game of politics. She says Senator Davis is the
Senate's clearest thinker, because that is what her judgment tells after
comparative study. In her analysis she omits the names of several of
those whom the public considers among the chief notables, but that
makes what she says all the more interesting. . Guided judgment is
seldom worth while. It is time for congratulation when criticism
rings true.
A great editor once said that the Senate was always interesting.
Mrs. Atherton shows it is, and that much of interest is lost through
the dry-ds-dust methods of viewing the Senate that are generally in
vogue. No man has ever thought the Senate interesting from the
standpoint of its bald heads, and Mrs. Atherton gives Senators Jones
and Stewart a brand new title when she calls them Father Christmases.
It is merry, but true, and when the shaft of truth is tipped -with mer
riment it splits the willow wand of impression io twain.
* * *
Special to The Sunday Call.
THE Senate is the gene-sis of dignified disorder that never reaches
chaos. When you look down from the gallery you are not
quite sure in your mind whether the" Senators are in session,
until you see Mr. Hobart bring his gavel down in a very
orderly way to command silence. If you have been in the
House and heard Speaker Reed hammer his desk and bellow for
order you are amazed at the contrast, until you see the effect is about
the same — very little comes of it.
Then you fall to studying the heads of the Senators— the bald
heads. They are so interesting— a regular symphony in pink, white,
brown and yellow. There are those dear old Father Christmases,
Senator Jones and Senator Stewart, whispering together, and their
heads are as pink as can be. Senator Perkins' head looks as if it had
the jaundice. Senator Hoar is one of the pink ones, and there are
others of varied hues.
After awhile you forget about that and fall to wondering why
It is that in a body of men of that sort no Senator seems to pay any
attention to the one who is speaking. While the debate on the peace
treaty was in progress Senator Bacon had the floor— one Senator was
holding a levee in another part of the chamber, others were talking
-mong themselves, and still others reading. Every once in a while
Mr. Hobait would rap for order. He was the only one who paid
Senator Bacon's speech was masterly. I think he is the best
• speaker in the Senate. In the gallery where I was every person
listened intently. ' Down below Senator Hoar would jump up now
and then and talk to some one or walk around. He is a lovely old
man but he can't keep still two minutes at a time.
r am really at a loss to know how the Senators keep in touch
■with the proceedings. Of course they are not as disorderly as the
House That is a regular bear garden, and Speaker Reed has to be
severe just as when the ayes and noes are being taken he thrusts
his gavel toward one after the other of the members, seeming to say:
"You you you," in a rgular bulldog way.
Sometimes I have seen the effect of criticism by one Senator seem
to fall flat because the man who ought to hear what was being said
was absent. During one of the debates Senator Mason spoke in
criticism of Senator Hawley. Most people get mad gradually, but
Senator Mason doesn't. He just bounces, all at once. That day he
was in a terrific rage, and roared and stormed tremendously about
Senator Hawley.
• Just as he had finished the Senator came into the chamber. He
had not heard a word except the last sentence or two. Senator
Hawley is a dignified little man, and when Senator Mason sat down
be addressed Mr. Hobart in his impressive way and said: "I am in
formed that the Senator from Illinois has been indulging in criticism
cf my remarks. I would like him to understand that my criticism
was not of him personally, but of the principles he advocates."
Senator Mason had learned by that time that Mr. Hawley hadn't
heard him. Of course the effect of his speech was lost on Mr. Haw
ley, and more than that it could not be effective if made over for
Mr.' Hawley's benefit unless it was delivered in just the same way
and tone. Any other man I ever saw would have been discouraged,
but Senator Mason wasn't. He simply got mad all over again and
at once and stormed at Mr. Hawley precisely as he did before. I
never heard anything so funny. But then Mr. Mason is the standing
joke of the Senate. Every organization of that sort has a jester,
you know.
The more you study and compare the Senators, the more posi
*tive is your conviction that Senator Davis has the best mind. In
saying that I mean that he is the clearest thinker. He arrives at
his conclusions quickly, and yet he always knows why he thinks as
he does. He seems to be a master of his subject, and if he makes
an assertion it is sure to be well grounded. He is nut gifted in
oratory,, like Senator Daniel, but Senator Daniel is frothy. Senator
Davis does not think of the well-rounded periods, but the fact.
Senator Daniel's speeches are more smooth and flowing, but when
you analyze them they lack stamina. I think Senator Bacon more
nearly combines polish and fact than almost any of the Senators.
Senator Hoar is a very good speaker, too, and impressive — when he
isn't jumping around.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
The one thing that -?raSTre%H~Borne in on me, too, as I have
listened to the Senators talk, is that they are in earnest. I had
really supposed that they were not actuated by principle, but I think
with hardly an exception they are men of worthy purpose, according
to their lights. I have watched them now for some weeks in the
Senate chamber and met most of them socially, and the better I
really know these men the stronger is my conviction that they are
honest.
Take Senator Perkins, for instance. I have been at his home
town, Oroville, and I know he is popular there. The people think
everything of him. Still I came to Washington really believing he
was all sorts of dreadful things. I never was more surprised in my
life in a man. On this treaty question he was among the antis in
opinion, but he said to me: "Mrs. Atherton, the people I represent
want that treaty ratified. Personally I am not in favor of it, but I
told those people when I -was elected to the Senate that when they
wanted me to do anything I would do it, and lam going to. There
isn't a Senator who, when seeking election, would dare stand up
before his constituents and tell them he'd do what he pleased re
gardless of the wishes of the majority. I say he has no right after
he has been elected to vote contrary to their wishes."
Now I'm not for expansion. I don't think I want expansion. But
I can't help thinking that Senator Perkins' attitude is more creditable
than the position taken by the other California Senator, Mr. White.
Then again, I said to Senator Perkins one day: "Senator, what
in the world do you want to do this sort of thing for when with all
your money you could travel all over the world?"
'Why, Mrs. Atherton," he said, "to be a United States Senator
is the crowning honor of a man's life. There's nothing more honor
able. We all think that."
I am satisfie I he voiced the opinion of all the Senators. Each
in his own way acts as if he thought that. And no one need tell me
that men who feel that way are corrupt. I don't believe it.
They're not.
There is all this talk about Senator Hanna. Now the fact is
that man's personal record is spotless. Twice he has started in
business on borrowed capital, and to-day I am told by ever so many
people who are in a position to know that he could borrow untold
sums and not even have to give any bond for their return.
It seems to me that such facts as these give the lie to the cry
that the Senators as a whole are corrupt. It is impossible that a
body of men of this sort should lead such a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
exigence. Naturally many of the things they do are not approved
of, but that they do the best they can according to their lights I am
thoroughly convinced.
The dignity of the Senate cannot be questioned, although the
degree is rather comparative than superlative. I think that the
Senators are inclined to be rather cold to people, because every one
asks favors of them. In the chamber there is, as I have said, an
entire absence of the order one would naturally look for in such a
body, but I think they constantly feel the dignity of their positions
+in the world and act in accordance with what seems to them to be
the proper line of conduct. All you want to do to convince yourself
that the Senators are dignified is to go over to the House.
I told Mr. Reed the other day that I thought Mr. Hobart kept
very much better order than he did. "He ought to," said Mr. Reed.
"I have a most unruly body of men to look after. The Senators
are quiet."
I should think they were unruly. And besides that they have no
idea of decorum in the House. Why, during a most important debate
in the House one day I saw one of the well-known members leave
his seat go behind one of the screens, lie down on a couch, light a
cigar, and then calmly go off to sleep. I thought it was very con
siderate of him to have a screen.
Socially Washington is the most crude place I ever saw. The
custom of continual calls is a perfect bore. People have been as
nice to me here as can be, but it is the ways I object to. In other
social centers you are not bored to death in society but entertained.
Unless you have done something to make you notable no one ever
thinks of giving an entertainment for you or anything of that sort.
The result is that the people bore you to death, and you feel an irre
sistible desire to run away f.om them.
A young Englishman of high birth and standing whom I knew
in London came to see me not long ago and said he was going back
home— he was disgusted with Washington.
"When I went to New York and Boston," he said, "I had letters
of introduction to people, and do you know, why they had something
or other on for me every day. I began to think I was a good deal of
a fellow. Then I came here with letters of introduction to the best
people, and no one has even given a dinner for me. I am bored to
death and going home."
I told him the exact truth. The town reeks with notabilities.
There are the Senators and the Embassadors and goodness knows
what not. The social market is glutted with distinction. The result
is that no one has a really good time in society, because they are
tired to death with the procession of calls and keeping up with the
notables.
Now in New York and London no one ever thinks of paying formal
calls in the social season. When you go anywhere you go with the
idea of stopping an hour or so and being entertained. You don't go
out to be bored, nor do you ca/e to suffer martyrdom at your home.
That is why I say Washington itself is socially crude. It is too
ponderous and sacrificing. It needs a new system in its society.18
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND WHO HAT BRING BACK A CARDINAL'S HAT FROM ROME
No Member of His Church, Gere or Layman, Is a More Typical Repreentatlve of American Catholicism in Iff Mcst Liberal Phases Than Is the Archbishop of St. Paul, Who" Is Now Vis ting the Pope in Rome.
The man oi the hour among American Catholics is John Ireland, the elo
quent Archbishop of St. Paul. He is now visiting Rome, -where he was
cordially received by Leo XIII, who has more than once shown his con
• . fldence in Archbishop Ireland's judgment regarding ecclesiastical ques
tions in this country. Some friends of the distinguished American
churchman are predicting that the red hat waits him in the near future.
Here is an interesting character study of the priest and the man.
Special to The Sunday Call.
St. Paul, Minn., Feb. 22.
JOHN IRELAND, Archbishop of the
diocese of St. Paul, now on a visit
to Rome, is regarded as one of the
intellectual giants of America. He
passed his sixtieth birthday on tho
11th of last September, but both
mentally and physically appears to be in
the prime of life. His hair is iron gray,
but the casual observer would not guess
his age at more than 48.
In this community, where he has done
most of his church work, he has been rec
,,pnJzed as a man of ideas for nearly
thirty years. His colonization schemes
early branded him as a man of originali
ty, and his later aggressive methods of
pushing the "Faribault school plan"
gained for him the admiration and in
many cases the indorsement of thinking
men of two continents. He is perhaps the
most liberal minded of the leading Cath
olic clergy of the United States, and it is
a common remark that the Catholics of
this archiepiscopal see are the best edu
cated in the country.
Archbishop Ireland's Residence.
The Archbishop lives in one of the beau
ty spots of the city of St. Paul. Hiß house
is located at the corner of Leslie umi
Portland avenues, two blocks north of
Summit avenue, said to be one of the
three most charming drives in America.
In this home he spends most of his time
. when in the city. His life there is as sim
ple and unostentatious as it is possible to
■make it. He arises regularly every morn
ing at 5 o'clock, and the two hours from
that time until 7 he employs in the devo
tions common to his church. At half
past 7 he breakfasts with the members of
his household.
He is a man of great personal magnet-
THE EVILS OF ANGLO-WORSHIP
By Mrs. Burton Harrisor).
THE period Is easily within the
memory of the present genera
tion when our country people
ceased to be the sort of good
Americans who when they died
went to Paris. The rapid movement
of that series of marriages which trans
lated so many of our simple maidens in
their flower— not to speak of the well
dowered widows — into peeresses of
Great Britain accomplished the diver
sion of our social idolatry to England.
In New York is the influence of this
great cult most visible and continu
ing. But it has spread all over this
continent, where the farther away one
gets from New York the more one ob
serves a curious interest in tlje achieve
ments of our society performers. It is
only a faint and frigid interest the la
dies who read these columns at three
days' distance from their fountain head
will take in the marriage of a fash
ionable belle of Gotham with a for
eigner of title, unless he be a subject of
the Queen.
In the crepuscular days of Anglo wor
ship among us, husbands and wiveß
went to church together every Sunday
morning arm in arm, attended by a
Noah's ark procession of their young.
On all public occasions the lord was
seen beside (not in the wake of) his
wife, and, whether he felt so or not,
he did not deem it his duty to Fashion
to look bored.
A couple of married lovers were not
disconcerted at being found together
by callers, or at being met far from
the haunts of men seeking each other's
society undisturbed.
A young unmarried man who vis
ited at their homes was usually given
over for entertainment to the girls of
the family. If there were no girls he
usually stayed away, unless bidden for
dinner or a dance.
The offspring of pious Episcopalian,
Presbyterian or Baptist families, who
had come to the front as heads of the
community, would have been shocked
beyond measure at the horrid Image of
a young wife habitually receiving visits
alone from an admirer, even of the
Platonic order of friends. Nor would
the youthful matron have dreamed of
giving the public reason for calling this
exotic appendage of a household her
especial property.
Then echoes sounding from the othei
side announced that many of the great
ladles of England who had come to be
the models of their republican sisters
were no longer seen in public with
their lords except on occasions of th*
most exacting ceremony. Suppose a
New York girl who had made a great
marriage in the British aristocracy re~
turning to her native city, and when
surrounded by her particular chums,
all eager for detail* of life In her ex.
alted station, giving thorn a nicture
that whs to many a disagreeable, to
some a painful, revelation! Protests on
their part, met by a shrug, a laugh. ag>
sssuranria »hat it WM the custom "ove*
ism, a conversationist of unvarying inter
est and of remarkable versatility. While
the meal is going on he keeps up a steacly
stream of talk, witty, fascinating, good
natured and direct. His wit is of the
"cavalry" order. It is keen and clever,
but never flippant. He puts everybody
within hearing "on edge. 4 " and sends all
to their day's work Jn cheerful mood.
The breakfast hour over he retires to
his study, runs over the morning pa-pers,
summons his secretary and b-?Rins the
labors of the day. Right here becomes
evident his startling grasp of every sub
ject from church to charity, from paro
chial school to seminary. His corre
spondence indicates that he gives the
plaint of the poorest woman in St. Paul
as painstaking attention as the appeal of
the Bishop of North Dakota on a matter
of church polity. His hours from 9 o'clock
to noon are spent in his study. His very
voluminous corespondence out of the way
ho writes or dictates a sermon, or read 3.
At noon devotions are resumed, after
which dinner is served, and at 2 o'clock
the Archbishop appears promptly at his
office at the cathedra!.
His Working Day.
Here all the priests of the see of St.
Paul who have grievances or who wish
orders, suggestions or instructions are ex
pected to appear. No business of this
character is ever trairsacte"d at the home
of th« Archbishop. This work goes on
from 2 to 4. and at 5 o'clock the distin
guished prelate returns to his home and
to his devotions. The evening meal is
served shortly after *5. and the hours
thereafter till n are given ovey to study
and work of other character. He retires
not far from 10 o'clock each night and
sleeps almost uniformly seven hours.
Plainness appears to be the great pre
late's watchword— in the furnishings of
there," would soon fall stifled to the
ground.
The infection of brilliant rec klessness,
of refined daring, of fun peeking of an j
entirely new variety would not be slow j
to spread. And in its train would come
inevitable consequences.
The fashion of welcoming with en
thusiasm to our homes any scion 01 j
British aristocracy whom reasons of
finance or a need of temporary seclu
sion from the gaze of respectable pen.
pie has exiled to our shores has much
to answer for. Some of our cherished
guests might indeed more appropriate
ly have been put out of their doors by
the heads of the households they have
contaminated. But this, luckily, is not
an occurrence of every day. There Js
now such a give and take hospitality
between England and America that it
is quite easy for ordinarily ■well In
formed people to pick and choose their i
Invites. And it is decidedly not fair to |
the rank and file of our visiting Britons
to bring up against them our own stu
pid blunders in a less instructed past.
The trouble is that we endeavor to
fit ourselves in everything to the hart
its and customs of a few absolutely
reckless leaders of a fast and flagrant
set of English aristocrats.
On their own soil their doings are
held in dismay by hundreds of God
fearing, decency loving families of thft
best blood and breeding, who do not
choose to b? judged by them, and ar« !
yet lost to sight in the dazzle of their
artificial glare.
It is true that the Inevitable expo
sure of breaches of morality in our
small and conspicuous society, th*
brief reign of the woman who dare?,
her dire fall from grandeur in the eyes
of an enormous continent raving for
such news, act as checks upon others
who might seek to emulate her.
The pitiful part of it is that the poi
son ever came to us from that proud
example among nations, that source of
po many of the highest virtues In the
English speaking world. But it is
here, and. so far. no scientist has dis
covered a cure for its ravaeres In our
moral atmosphere.— New York World.
Jhe /\damless Edeiv
Truly, women are becoming free and in
dependent. Not long ago I noticed the
fact that women were becoming more
congenial to each other, citing as an ex
ample the difference between the hour
after dinner, when the men remain be
hind over their wines and cigars, to-day,
as compared with that dreary hour a dec
ade ago.
But I had not then heard of the latest
step toward independence of poor man,
which has become such a fad among the
women W to-day. The very newest fad
is a dinner to which not one man is in
vited—a kind of Adamless Eden sort of a
feast.
Will it last? Are the women strong
enrmirh to do away entirely with man's
nociety and find unalloyed pleasure In
their own? This is a conundrum which
remains to l>e solved. In the meantime,
to he at the top notch of fafls in swell
dom at least one Adamless dinner must
be given during the season. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2fi, 1899.
nis home. In his dress, in his speech, In
his acts. His home is roomy and of at
tractive exterior, but within it is almost
gloomy in the severity of its plainness.
There is neatness everywhere, but of up
holstered chairs and divans, velvet car
pets, gorgeously patterned curtains and
mahogany desks, none whatever. There
are curtains on the windows, to be sure,
but they are of almost the plainest qual
ity to be found. The chairs are numerous
and substantial, but they are of wood of
the cheaper varieties and without carv
ings or other striking ornaments. There
are tables and paper and other materials
for work, but nowhere is there any evi
dence that a penny more was expended
for anything thr.n was necessary to se
cure such results as one would expect in
a great workshop.
Devotion to Charity.
For the last twenty years Archbishop
Ireland has given much attention to
PARABLE OF THE PEARL
"The kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchantman, seeking goodly pearls: who, when he
had found on% pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had, and bought it. Matt.
xiii; 4-5, Jf.6.
IF we wonder how it was that this
jewel should have cast the epell of
its splendor over th» eye and heart
of the humble artisan, some hint
may lie in the intimations we pos-
sess that this was the time for what
may be called a carnival of pearls
among the masters of the world— "the
singular and only jewels," Pliny says,
"and nature's wonder." They were
wearing them then, not alone in carca
nets and on coronets, but on their very
sandals.
It may be mentioned also as a bit of
(curious treasure-trove, which hdds an
j other gleam for me and for my purpose
! here, that among the dreams and specu
lations of those times, touching the
I origin of the jewel, these may have lain
f among the folk-lore to which the boy
would listen: That the pearl was born
of the dew from heaven, gathered into
one peerless globe falling through the
sunshine oT the shadows, to create the
clear or the clouded splendor. Or again,
it was born from an angel's tear falling
from on high, while the rarest and most
beautiful caught their beauty and their
j worth from falling athwart a flash of
I lightning in a storm.
These dreams may have reached the
teacher of divine things as he listened
i to the talk at the fireside or in the mar
ket place, and may lie among the rea
sons or the guesses when we wonder
why he takes the pearl for a symbol of
the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven
in our human life and lot.
• • •
There is a truth at the heart of the
symbol, in its creation. We learn from
the masters of our modern time that
the primal reasons for the wonder may
be traced to a grain of flint which has
invaded the close-encrustihg shell and
stabbed the delicate creature, down
there in the deeps, so that from its
own life the ichor flows for help and
protection against the hurt, covering
the flint slowly, but surely, and round
ing to the pearl. Or, they say. It is a
parasite with which the creature must
do battle by encasing the invader, fold
on fold, and then dying; but there is
the jewel born of the battle. And again
that it comes from the frustrated
promise of another life— a promise
which can never be made good; but
the frustration finally grows to the
pearl. And the poet sings:
So the poor shellfish of the Indian Sea
Lies seven years sick of its sore malady.
Its pearl elaborates In the unresting main,
In worth proportioned to the creature's
pain.
Until in rosy luster, perfect grown,
It comes to light as worthy of a crown.
May we not blend the imaginations
of the old time with the revelation of
the new? For the truth I would touch,
in some poor fashion, is of the myster
ies which we can never fathom, yet
must ever ponder, while we also have
to suffer the Impact of the flints, to
fight the parasites, and to meet the
frustrations of life— the great and
beautiful mystery, to me, of the way
some noble treasures may be won for
the world's life and our own through
the flints of circumstances, the slaying
of some dear hope and joy, and the
angel's tear falling athwart the bolt
in the old imagination; the shining
treasure which may not and cannot be
won through ease and pleasantness and
the wealth of a good which knows of
no heart's bruise, no sore invasion of
our life in the shell of this human tab
ernacle, no blighted hope and no sore
burden; but by these, rather, and
through them, the jewel brought fortb
in your life and mine, find in the
world's life through all the a"ges— and
always true to the proverb, "Where
pain ends, gain ends."
charity and the promotion of enterprises
looking to the amelioration of the con
dition of the very poor. He is a member
of the St. Paul organization known as
the Associated Charities. This body is
made up of representatives from all the
charitable societies, Catholic and Protest
ant, of the Minnesota capital. He does
not act in this organization because of his
eminence in the Catholic church, but be
cause of his deep interest in charity. Jtie
never misses a meeting when in th» city,
often makes addresses and is fruitful of
suggestions looking to the increase of the
funds available for the worthy poor.
He is besides a moving spirit in all the
Catholic charity societies and gives much
in private charity. One of his secretaries,
who spent two years in his residence, says
the Archbishop never turned a beggar
from his door absolutely empty handed.
He gives money to them with slight ques
tioning, and seldom in amounts less ...an
BY BEY. BOBERT COLLYEB.
• Church of the Messiah, Unitarian, New York City.
Glance first toward the nations which
have won the priceless pearl of the
freedom to be men and not mere serfs,
or pawns for the chessboard of kings.
Search their story down to the deeps
and you will always find the flint and
the parasite in the advent of the pearl.
It is the story of- my motherland
through a thousand years. The reason
for the great charter lies there, and for
the great rebellion when the manhood
of England set its foot on the neck of
her king. The finest ichor of that man
hood is the secret of the pearl; and th.3
splendor ryt the jewel marks the burden
cf the pain through which the man
hood must pass to its purpose.
It is the story of that long, stern
strife in the mountains of Switzerland,
when one humble hero was only an in
stance of the grand manhood which
won the treasure, the hero who gath
ered all the spears he could clutch to
his breast that so he might clear the
way to freedom and create the pearl. It
is the story of the mighty passion of
the Hollander to be free from the bitter
and base yoke of Spain— always base
and always bitter, be it within the.
sea walls of Holland or yonder until
so recently on the fair island to the
south— when he broke down those great
pea walls he had built as barriers about
the green lands and loved homes, wel
coming the water floods and counting
all things else but loss for the excellent
glory of the pearl.
And in the ever glowing passion of
your fathers— from the coming of the
Pilgrims, whose story has touched the
heart of every home-born man and
gone all around the world, from their
landing to the advent of the republic
and the revolution; in the great strife
for the integrity of the republic, and
Just now in the strangling of oppression
at the threshold of our land— through
all the years, you find the ichor of your
finest life poured out to bring forth the
Jewel.
• • •
Do we turn from the nations to the
treasures which have made our life so
rich In these last times, and lifted so
many sore burdens of labor and pain?
I cannot find one of the finest worth
over which men have not poured the
ichor of their life for the pearl when
the pang has struck them.
Turn to what we call the finer arts,
arid we think of men like the creator
of "The Angelus" and "The Sower"—
men of whom the world was not worthy,
doing their noblest work pained by the
flint, pouring their life into the trea
sure, while many a time it was their
fortune to die that the pearl might be
perfected in splendor and noblest
worth; while with some we also re
member that what we call the "for
tune" came to those who open the shell
and clutch the pearl. Or of another
fine soul who. as he lay on his death
bed, said to his friend, "Lift me up";
the picture was his pearl, he would
touch it with one more gleam of ra
diance, and this done he fell on sleep to
awake in the city whose gates, to the
seer's vision, were of pearl, and every
several gate one pearl.
Or, turning tb the treasure that has
come to us in great and noble books
and lives, it is one% more to be aware
of the mystery, the supremacy, of the
kingdom of heaven. Milton, old, blind,
poor and outcast, flashing forth in the
dark encrusting shell the peerless
splendors of the "Paradise Lost" for
a sum the meanest laboring man in
England would despise for day's wages
when you count the days. And Bun
yan, in his den, trying to earn a crust
of bread for the weans and wife, while
$1, the amount often being as high as 15
or $10. It is' related of him that one even-
Ing in winter a forlorn looking man came
to his door and asked for a quarter.
Fumbling in his pockets for a minute the
Archbishop brought up 4 twenty-dollar
gold piece, and, handing it to the icllow
with a smile said: "That is a little more
than you need to-night. Take it," use
what you have to, and make the remaind
er the nucleus for the fortune which you
have it in your power to win."
Gave Away His Library.
T r p to two .years ago Archbishop Ire
land was the possessor of the finest li
brary in the Northwest". Shortly after the
Hill Seminary here got under way as a
great educational institution it found It
self much in need of books of reference.
Thf matter having been called to the at
tention of the chief of the church here, he,
without the slightest hesitation, ordered
JZZStt*.
the small blind wean sits near him—
Bunyan in the dark encrusting shell
poring over the flint, of evil circum
stances the ichor which has won the
world's worship in his matchless pearl'
of the "Pilgrim's Progress to the City
of God." .
And Robert Burns, tormented by the
pang of the flint, fighting the parasite
or mourning the frustrated hope — for
here all the plagues seem to meet in the
shell of one human life — Robert Burns,
pouring out the ichor of his heart, great
aa the world in its 'sympathy, and sweet
in its tenderness as His heart who
spake the parable; the grandest man of
his time in grand did Scotland, making
his motherland glorious in songs that
stir you like the sound of trumpets on
the eve of great battles, draw you to a
mouse in tender pity, and to his hu
man family with the chords of the man,
to so sweet and true a purpose that,
(if all our great singers and strong and
true, he is to me the sweetest and
strongest, the man above all other men
of our age who was sent from God to
hasten the time
When men to men the world o'er
Shall brothers be for a" that.
And Charles Lamb, turning from his
youth's fair dream of- a maiden peer
less he would some day call "my wife,"
burying his dream in a level grave that
he might make a home for that hapless
sister Mary, through more than forty
years, "in single doubleness"— as he
writes his friend— this man giving us
the jewel shining with a light that
never lay on land or sea, made precious
by the angel's tear .that fell through
the bolt of doom on the troubled home
of his early manhood,- and the rich and
rare beauty born of the flint.
Shall we turn to the sacred story— the
life which holds for us the very light
of this supremacy of heaven and of
God? It is the story which touches the
prophets and saints of all time, and the
things said -and the deeds done in dun
geons, while the headsman was waiting
at the gates. These in all the ages have
given us the pearls of great price
through tribulation and distress, while
to my own heart he sits enthroned of
whom it was written "It pleased him in
whom all fullness dwells to make the
captain of their salvation perfect
through suffering" — the man Christ
Jesus, who bore the cross and despised
the shame that we might possess the
pearl beyond all price, and hold it for
all time.
And I have brooded over the lovely
similitude as memories have touched
me of the many I have known and loved
in all these years, some of them far
away in time and space, and some no
more on earth— those who had borne
sore burdens bo bravely and so sweetly
that, as the poor human shell wore
away, the pearl phone ever the clearer
through; of those who had fallen on
cad and sore frustration of our human
hope and Joy, but had stood firm by
the white banner of faith — faith In the
supremacy of heaven and of God over
all, and had kept their rank and num
ber to the end and left us the pearl of
great price.
And ever as I have listened to voices
speaking so tenderly of courage and a
patience which seemed to be one with
the patience of God, while the ichor of
their life was enfolding the flint — then
the shadows have seemed to be sweeter
than the light, because of the pearl.
Is it not indeed true, and forever true,
that a treasure can come to us through
this supremacy of heaven in the pearl,
that can never come through the joy
and strength of life? And that the di
vinest truths life can reveal to you and
to me lie within this mystery?
his own library to be carted to the In
stitution. His order was obeyed, and,
with the exception of a dozen books, the
whole valuable collection has ever since
remained at the. disposal of the students.
Archbishop Ireland seldom mixes in
political life in the sense of delivering
addresses and making pleas for one party
or the other. He is a man of pronounced
opinions on all State and national topics,
an,d exercises his Influence* in his own
way, but the occasions have been few on
which he felt it his duty to break his rule
of non-interference. One of these occasions
came in the fall of 1896. The campaign
between McKinley and Bryan had only
about three weeks to run and twenty-six
Of the leading business men of St. Paul
sent him a letter asking that he give to
the public in his own way his views re
garding the great questions then before
the citizens of the republic. On October
12 of that year he sent to the country
what was then regarded as one of the
great addresses of the contest which later
ended so overwhelmingly -for McKinley.
A few sentences from that paper will not
be out of place here. Regarding money
he said:
"The question before the people of
America to-day is the coinage of silver
by this country, independently of the
great commercial nations of the world,
at the ratio of 16 to 1. This ratio is the
double of the present commercial value
of silver. The consequences of unlimited
coinage in these circumstances are easily
perceived. The free and unlimited coin
age of silver dollars at the ratio of 16 to
1 by the United States, independently of
the great commercial nations, into dollars
which shall be made legal tender, will
disturb the whole business of the coun
try and bring upon it a financial depres
sion far beyond anything which we are
now experiencing. That the great Amer
ican republic will as a nation declare to
the world that it will now make a law
compelling its creditors to be satisfied with
half or a little more of the money they
loaned to it. and go on record in the eyes
of the world as a broken-down, bankrupt,
repudiating nation, it is not possible to be
lieve."
WHY I AM NOT A VEGETARIAN
By Lawrence Gonlund, M.A.
REALLY the question should be,
why should I be a vegetarian? By
a "vegetarian" I here understand
one who abstains from flesh eating;
he admits to his table milk and
eggs, but no fish.
Now I admit that vegetarians have one
answer, and only one, that deserves an
argument. They give several that are not
at all tenable. Thus they claim that flesh
and fish eating are not at all necessary in
*ny clim.ite, or in any occupation, to
Health and vigor. This authorities deny.
Tho facts seem to be: We find in the veg
etable kingdom the chemical elements
necessary to support life. But many
forms of flesh of animals are far more
nutritious and more easily digested than
the corresponding nitrogenous products
of the vegetable kingdom and these are
the nourishing products, and further, are
those for which man's internal organs are
admirably adapted. Hence in cold and
temperate climates both men leading ac
tive lives and invalids absolutely need
flesh and fish.
Another similar unfounded claim is that
flesh and fish are inimical to the higher
intellectual qualities. This claim is en
tirely baseless.
All the great intellects of the world in
ancient and modern times have been pro
duced by flesh-eating nations. The intel
lectual giants among the Hindoos seem to
be mere myths. A nation, in the very
front rank at present, physically and in
tellectually, is the German people. They
show abnormally good health and they
eat whatever pleases their palates and
their stomachs, and that seems a good
rule to follow, seems indeed to be good
common sense. Anyway the folks who
eat and drink according to artificial rules
will generally be found to be dyspeptics.
And now especially when populations
are Increasing and the exertion by the
nervous system is being more and more
intensified, it would be sheer folly to lim
it the sources from which to draw our
food supplies; it would be a sign of deca
dence, Instead of advance.
On the other hand there is no doubt
that especially here in America we eat
too much meat, that is, well-to-do people
do.
Now we come to the argument which
on the surface seems to have something
in its favor,- which certainly is an amia
ble one,, to wit, that it is unkind to kill
animals for food, that therefore it breeds
cruelty in men, and that a perfect civil
ization could not tolerate butchers in Its
j midst. I certainly have here stated the
] argument in its strongest form, and It
' wi|l he eeen that It will prevent us not
' merely from eating meat and fish but
from using skins for dress and leather
for glovee and boots and shoes.
This .argument can be completely an
swered.
The answer is: The consumer of flesh
and fish jnay feel a perfect conscientious
pleasure in eating them.
Death Is the inevitable termination of
life in every instance in man or animal.
A violent, instantaneous death is probably
the most desirable mod.c for all— lncluding
man, when we come to see that there is
i no use of repentance for Bins before dying.
The Archbishop wrote and promulgated
this address In the face of the fact that
Thomas D. .O'Brien, a leading member of
his church, was the national Democratic
tomrnitteeman from Minnesota and the
further fact that the Catholics of the
State were for Bryan in the ratio of 3 to 2.
The diocese of St. Paul covers the three
States of Minnesota. North Dakota and
South Dakota. At the head of the prin
cipal see of St. Paul is the Archbishop
himself, without the assistance of a co
adjutor Bishop. Then there are the suf
fragan sees of Winona, Bishop Cotter;
Duluth, Bishop McGolrick; St. Cloud.
Bishop Trobee; South Dakota, Bishop
O'Gorman, and North Dakota, Bishop
Shanley. Bishops Cotter and McGolrick
are now on their way to Rome. During
the absence of the Archbishop his func
tions will be performed by Bishop O'Gor
man.
Founded a Colony.
One of the parly works of Archbishop
Ireland was the founding of a great col
ony in the counties of western central
Minnesota, with Graceville as a center.
He was one of the directors and chief
promoters of the National Colonization
Association. His first colony, made up of
nine hundred Catholic farmers, was sent
to Western Minnesota in 1876. It appear
ed to be such a success that he pur
chased 12.000 acres of land from the old
St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company.
He continued buying- from year to year
until he had over 32,000 acres.
For this land he contracted to pay the
company $1 25 per acre, and was able to
dispose of it, as a rule, at from $5 to J9
an acre. The matter got into the courts
and was fought for years on the claim by
settlers that the selections made by the
railroad company were invalid on their
face and that it had no right to trans
fer to Archbishop Ireland or anybody else
property in which it had no legal equity.
A. decision was rendered January 20
awarding over 26.000 acres of this land to
Ireland. As there is at this time over $3
an acre profit in this land, it is easy to
figure that the Archbishop is a big finan
cial winner by the latest turn of affairs.
In the Civil War.
Right Rev. John Ireland was born in
Burnchurch, County Kilkenny, Ireland,
September 11, 1838. When he was but a
babe in arms Ms parents removed to St.
Paul, and his early education was re
ceived in the cathedral school. ue was
sent to France in 1853, and in September
of that year, when he was but 15, he en
tered the Petit Semlnaire of Meximeux,
finishing the eight-year course there in
four years. He studied theology at the
Grand Seminalre at Hyeres, returning to
St. Paul in 1861 and being ordained a priest
when he was little more than 23 years nf
age. t'pon the formation of the Fifth
Minnesota Regiment young Ireland was
made its chaplain, and served two years in
the war of the rebellion. Returning from
the field he was appointed rector ot
Cathedral Parish, the central and largest
parish of the city, and continued in that
position until he was named as coadjutor
bishop.
In 1870 he went to Rome as the ac
credited representative of Bishop Grace at
the Vatican Council. In February, 1575,
he was chosen to succeed Bishop O'Gor
man in the vicariate of Nebraska, but
through the efforts of Bishop Grace the
appointment was canceled and he was
then nominated coadjutor bishop of St.
Paul and was consecrated December 21,
1875. Besides the work of Archbishop Ire
land mentioned elsewhere, he was very ac
tive In securing the establishmnt of th«
Catholic University at "Washington, md
on his visit to Rome In 18K7 was engaged,
in conjunction with Bisßop Kean In
drawing a report on this subject for the
Pope. His appointment as Archbishop
dates from 1888.
Hay Be a Cardinal.
There is a pretty general impression
here that he will be made a cardinal be
fore he returns from Rome. When he left
St Paul a few weeks ago, his sister. Mrs.
Justin McCarthy, said to him jocularly:
"You must not return without the red
hat." To which he answered that the
church has honored him sufficiently and
that he would be satisfied to remain in
his present position to the end of his
days.
Accidents, wounds, insufficient at once to
kill,, starvation, chronic diseases, slow
decay of nature, are surely the most to
be dreaded, as causing the greatest
amount of suffering. But the life, enjoyed
by all animals, reared for food, whether
in the poultry yard or In the field, is un
doubtedly a very happy one, happier as a
rule than for man. For no other animal
is existence so easy or may death be so
swift and painless. The Conscientious
mixed feeder should then be aware that
not alone is he the occasion of death to
animals, but he is also promoting life
with all its joys In propagating them for
food, and is thus actually promoting the
happiness of the animal world. As
Sir Henry Thompson says: "The
breeding of animals for food confers
life on millions of beings, possessing con
siderable capacity for enjoyment in their
own way on the best conditions attain
able — superior in point of comfort, free
dom from pain and accidents, to those of
the wild breeds. He confers a life, brief
perhaps, but one well protected. And
when the last hour has come, happily un
foreseen and unsuspected, without the
dread it brings to man. the stroke should
fall instantaneously and without pain.
This can be secured— is merely a question
of poise."
Could it be conceived that but once a
human dread were visible in the eyes of
a steer, not the coarsest butcher could
finish the stroke?
And when all possible skill and care is
employed, the trade of the butcher will
not be more objectionable than that of thd
surgeon, whom we shall always have
with us.
The Supply of Babies.
It has been computed that about 36,000,
--000 babies are born into the world each
year. The rate of production is, there
fore, about seventy per minute, or mora
than one for every beat of the clock.
With the one-a-second calculation ev
ery reader is familiar, but it is not every
one who stops to calculate what this
means when it comes to a year's supply.
It will, therefore, probably startle a good
many persons to find, on the authority
of a well known statistician, that, could
the infants pf a year be ranged in a line
In cradles, the cradles would extend
around the world.
The same writer looks at the matter in
a more picturesque light. He Imagines
the babies being carried past a given
point in their mother's arms, one by one,
and the procession being kept up night
and day until the last hour in the twelfth
month had passed by. A sufficiently lib
eral rate is allowed, but even in going
past at the rate of twenty a minute, 1200
an hour during the entire year, the re
viewer at his post would nave seen only
the sixth part of the infantile host.
In other words, the babe that had to be
carried when the tramp began would be
able to walk when but a mere fraction
of its comrades had reached the review
er's post,- and when the year's supply of
babies? was drawing to a close there would
be a rear guard, not of infants, but of
romping six-year-old boys and girls.—How I Tried to Break the Bank at Monte Carlo.
The Cas : -o. j^or\t« Cario. Where the Qaming Is Gorvdvicted
/-jp\ HIS is the middle of winter. Is it
, I not? And yet I can feel a crop
■ THIS freckles developing on the
i yet I can feel a
■
I bridge of my nose — I sit bask
- " Ing in the sunshine. Before me
la the Mediterranean bewllder
tngly blue and sparkling, a combination
of sapphires and diamonds that is re
ally too gaudy for perfection. Like
many of the ladies whom. I see about
me, nature at Monte Carlo is "loud" in
'her lov.elis.ess. How red the flowers
• are, how tall the palms, how iuxuriact
tile cactus.'
■ It ail sug-g-ests to me a half-forgotten
alliteration about the "roses and-rap
'tures of "vice, the lilies and languors
of virtue." 'Tis true, there are here
no traces of the "lilies and languors." ■
Were the seeds of these pale blcssoma
.ever implanted in Monte Carlo soil It
.is probable that their little lives were
".soon scorched away, for this Is the land
- where thrive the "roses and raptures."
Here their development is .more com
plete, their hue a deeper scarlet, their
.fragrance more dangerously overpow
ering than perhaps in all the world.
• . At this moment there is a lady stand
ing before me looking out upon the sea.
■ She wears a sky blue broadcloth that
■is a masterpiece of the tailor's art; her
"petticoat is scarlet, her hat is a mass
■;6" red and blue plumes, one of them
; reach - to her shoulder. The hand
■■with which she holds her dress is glove
less and reveals a burden of costly
' rings — diamonds, ooals and emeralds
\fiash fire in the sunlight. She is only
.one of many thus conspicuously robed
for a morning promenade before the
open;"- of the great ~ame. I have no
'"tlced her particularly this morning, be
cause last night she was the queen of
•.the casino. I think I shall never for
get her a3 she swept from one table to
the other, her gown of re^al splendor
trailing- a yard behind her. the dia
monds flashing on her bare white
- (shoulders. The Queen of Sheba her»
"se-lf could not have been more splen
did. Who is she and whence does
■ she come are questions that one's
.cariosity naturally suggests. One
■.might make ■■■--' but at
tfte risk of being very wide of the
mark. To establish her in one's mind
fis a Parisian cocotte would perhaps be
idoing a gTave injustice, to the respt^rta
'•bj<» wife of a millionaire. For at Monte
.•Carlo ladies assume the manners, copy
•.the fashions and adopt the habits of
those who are not ladies.
..'The. superficial spectator might ar
xive at a conclusion that the morality
.of society was based on nothing deeper
■than conventionality, since it changes
It 3 aspect so completely where conven
'-tlonality makes no demands. There
'are American ladies here with their
PRESIDENT D WIGH T OF YALE ON THE OBJECTS OF TRUE EDUCATION
• -. the evil tendencies which are manifesting themselves so '
T strongly among our people are to be checked and the glory of
1 the old ancestral character are to preserved the result must be
(he • : haracter fs to be preserved the result must be :
- I accomplished through the influence of educated men. Those who .
■ ' go forth from the universities and colleges must show by their
;■;'•'. living, by the estimate of things which they manifestly form,
by the energy which they display in the pursuit of the higher and j
nobler objects of desire, by their exaltation of learning and mental
■ culture, and the power to do good "vice to the world, and honorable
..character above ail external things, to use a strong expression, by
a contempt for wealth, what the true life of the nation is.
'• • The young men of this generation- . are in greater danger oS be
ing led away in the false path in this regard than those who lived
in former times were. I say they need, therefore, the more carefully
and constantly to open their minds to the higher influences of ant- I
.versity life. They owe it to the best interests of the country and of j
■ the future to keep alive those higher influences, and to see that the
.'spirit which has characterized the university is other times abides
there always. The student's work is in the student's life, and no ;
higher obligation rests upon him than to pass on to other genera
tions the true spirit which has been transmitted to himself.
". I heard a prominent graduate of a university say not long since :
that when he was a student some thirty years ago there was in the :
' student community almost a contempt for wealth. This was no
' doubt a. strong rhetorical expression, but represented a fact of the:
.-Jife'cf those days. The whole life of the country is greatly changed
"■since then. We have become a -wealthy nation. We have passed
from the simple life at a quiet town, as it were, to the luxury and
'••abundance of a great city. The devotion of the people to money
getting has become so Teat as even to be alarming, and the one
desire which seems to unite air men together is the desire to make
something, in this matter of money, out of nothing. There is surely
" no worse sign of the times in our day .than this.
• • I think that the college, men of the past and present have been
marked by a hospitality for new Ideas. They have not been afraid
cf them or shaken In their confidence In "the foundations of truth |
husbands and their daughters — ladles
who at home would gasp a: the very
thought of a faro bank, yet who play
at Monte" Carlo with all the zest of out
cast gamblers.
A young- married woman of great so
cial importance in America is here at
present with her husband and a party
of friends. Did I not know her too
well for any mistake she would proba
bly have inspired the same suspicion
as" the lady of the pale blue broadcloth".
She appears three times a day in a dif
ferent costume, each of them superb:
she trails real lace over the floor of the
casino; she knows every possible com- ,
bLnation In the game of roulette and
handles the louis with the skill of a
croupier. It is hard to blame her.
however, for her devotion to the game
since she nearly always wins, and the
I instant that one wins at roulette a real
gambler is created. I defy anybody
to win once at Monte Carlo and to quit
for evermore.
My visit here was only incidental to
a trip to the Riviera. . I came to se'2
the spectacle without the least thought
of putting a cent . upon the board.
Aside from all question* of principle.
this species of gambling had always
seemed to me unutterably foolish. But
Dame Fortune sometimes resorts to pe
culiar methods of seducing the obsti
nate. Like many another who had
gone before me, I came to scoff and I
remained ttf play. I had looked on for
an hour without having experienced the
slightest temptation to seek my fortune
in this easy way. when I felt some
thing hard on the floor beneath my
foot which proved' to be a louis (54 in
gold).
I announced my find to all the play
ers near me but no lady claimed the
'"Keep it," said a gentleman, "it i% as
much yours as anybody's." *«
It really did seem superfluous to- make
a great fusa about such a trifle as a
single louis when the table was Diled
up with them and when men were
throwing them about with absolute
recklessness. However, the louis was.
not mine and I felt a desire to dispose
of it. After very little deliberation I
threw it upon the number 3.
"Messieurs, faites vos jeux," ' called
the croupier, in that measured wav
that is never forgotten by one who has
played at Monte Carlo. There was the
usual scramble for the last bets, the lit
tle ball commenced it 3 flying journey
and what do you think, it tumbled into
the number 3. If some one had hit me
on the head I don't think I could have
been more stunned. The idea of that
particular louis winning had not been
definitely formed in my mind. Had I :
stopped to reason about it I should not
have chosen a number singly, as there
are many combinations where one has
a much better * chance of winning,
which, of course, are paid proportion
ately less. :.; T :, c
The croupier passed me 35 louis ($140)
THE SA>- FRANCISCO CALL, SUXDAT, FEBRFART 26, 1899.
and the deed was done. I felt that the
world was mine.
To have pocketed ray $140 and walked
away content with this much of sain.
would have been a wise thin* to do.
a very- wise thing. But who would,
have been thus wise under similar cir
cumstances? I knew' not what grreat
things the fickle 'Ideas had in store
for me. To pick a iouis from the,
floor was certainly unusual: to win. $140
with it. was extraordinary: it all sug
gested that the hour of my fortune was
at hand. Twenty thousand dollars Is
nothing- remarkable for one to win at
JVlonte Carlo, and the stories are even,
told of how the bank has several- times
been closed on* account of the marvel- ;
ous luck of certain individuals. All of
these things ran like wildfire through
my brain; the poison- of success was
doing its deadly work. ; . ■
I commenced a systematic play and id
half an hour had increased my win
nine" with small bets to $:' some
times losing but nearly always winning.
So remarkable was my success that a
gentleman who was playing a tre
mendous game — two or three hundred
dollar^ at a — commenced to follow
my lead. I think he made a fortune.
Two hundred and fifty dollars was cer
tainly very 'nice to have picked up •in
half an hour and again I should have
been contented, but I wasn't. It seemed
so easy to make money at this opera
tion that I wondered why the whole
world was not here watching- the move
ments of that little bail. Why were
people grinding and slaving and win-,
ning- their bread by the sweat of their
brows when, fortune was here to be had
for the asking? I commenced to plan
letters to all my friends advising them
to abandon at once their Klondike no
tions and to come by the first steamer
to Monte Carlo.
"With a recklessness born of my good
luck and my inexperience at gambling
I conceived th-? wild idea of petting all
my winnings on an even bet. I selected
the rouge, deposited my wealth thereon
without a pang and In a moment had
$500. Then for the first time my head
commenced to swim:' for the first time
I" thought seriously about quitting.
These notes and gold pieces were sooth
ing to my touch. I was beginning to
love them and the idea of risking them
again was really repugnant. But then
I commenced to reason. It was evi
dently my lucky -day. .Why .quit when
a little nerve would perhaps win thou
sands? Yes, I would play again on the
rouge. I leaned forward with my
money in my hand, but it seemed to
stick to my fingers. I could not drop
i:.. Involuntarily I drew it away, then
started forward, then wavered again.
"Rien de plus," called the croupier.
It was too late— the little ball rolled
into the rouge. I would have had a
thousand dollars had my nerve not
failed me. I was disgusted with my
self and resolved to risk it the next
time, come what may. With renewed
■
He Declares That Educated Men Are the Country's Only Hope and That They Aione Car Chec* tie Bril Tendencies Now Apparent
because th-se M-as hare made their appearance. They have been !
able to consider a new thought or opinion without being carried away
by its novelty or its charm beyond their own control. They have
been able to hold ft before their minds for sufficient examination ,
with no undue exci'-ment. and, at the end, to accept or reject it
according to its legitimate claims.
The manly s- .ty. as I conceive, fs the primary object of,
a true education. I think the cultivation of it is the prime object
of our earthly life. The university rr.an if worthy of his inheritance
as well as of "his manhood, should have it. It will not be deemed un
suitable, I trust, if I say that in my judgment the rules of university
!ife. which call for constant and regular attention to duty, are justi
fied' largely on this ground. Such rules are net in the proper -
of the word arbitrary. They are but the expression of the law of all
manly living.
The gentleman of leisure, even of elegant leisure— so far as my
observation of the world has extended— ls not likely to be of the
highest order of man. Unless bis leisure comes after a long period of
work, and service, in the later resting years of life, he loses always
something of roundness and fullness, in the high moral sense, and
often much of the robustness of manly character. Vacation— rejoice
in It as we may, when it comes — is not the best part of our living.
The best pan: is the time of working and the time when we are
summoned by the necessities imposed upon us to put forth our most
earnest efforts and to meet the call of an appointed hour.
When I tell you this I do not speak of the college life only, but
of all life Education of manhood dees not come to It 3 end on the
day of graduation. It has its beginning and its first stage before .
that day but it continues until life closes. The reason for rules, if
we call them so. at the beginning, is the same as that f.;r the laws
cf life afterward. The reason for placing them at the beginning is
that the education for what life must inevitably bring nfcst begin ,
in the early period or the man is In danger of never gaining the :
sen«e of duty If there is anything in life for which I feel that I have j
r-ason to b-» grateful, it is that I have full and pressing work for
every day and that I am obliged to meet appointments and duties.
There is one thing which seems to me to belong to the life of |
the true university and thus to be part %f the life of every college
man— the disposition to estimate both men and things according to |
S&y Serievieve Sreen,
"Wlth a" recklessness bom of my good luck and my Inexperience at gambling' I conceived the wild idea of putting all my winnings on an even bet. _ I
- T -- + \, »£ l« rtSwimv wealth t he-eon without a pang and in a moment had J300: Then for the first time my head commenced to swim: for the M
t?i£ I t^uAtTeriou^ ato" nuimS. The^e n S and %M pieces were soothing to my touch. I was inning to. love them.- and the Idea of risking them
S % ■ il .- U^, r pumnf But thet I commenced to reason. It was evidently my lucky day. Why quit when a little nerve would perhaps win thousands?
Y^ I would SlaV SSl^the-rWe. I leaned forward with my money In my hand, but it seemed to stick to my finders. I could not drop it. Involuntar
iiy I d l%2L^l^' a c^tJZ^fer' h 7t wasToSlalShe little ball rolled into the rouge. I would . have had a thousand dollars had my nerve not failed
m I was disgusted with myself and resolved to risk it the next time, come what may. With renewed . determination I now placed my $500 upon the rouge."
determination I now placed my $300
upon the rouge. P
"Messieurs, faites vos jeux." called
the croupier. I shut my eyes and
waited breathlessly, my heart thump
in? at a mad rate. Why were people
so slow about making; their bet/: and
why on earth was this croupier so ex
asperatincly deliberate? I felt like
shaking him and telling him to hurry
up and start that pesky little hall. But,
alas, it came soon enough.
••Vinet huit, noir." he coolly an
their true value. There is no place in the world, I am sure, where
a man is judged more justly in accordance with what he is than in
the university. The man who has imbibed the spirit of the university
is no respect-: of persons, in the bad sense of the phrase. He does
not look at family descent or early advantages or wealth, but at
mind and character. The externals are only secondary and sub
ordinate—a good, indeed, if the man is worthy of them, but not of
the essence of the man: "What la internal, what the man Is in him
self and makes of himself, is the all-important thing.
' Men who become Important factors in the solution of - grea.
economic or social problems are the sort which popular phrase has
it -know how to handle themselves." They have that ease of man
ner and courtesy which always create a pleasant impression, for
while the bear loves honey It can never be said that he possesses an
equal attraction to others. And here is- where education, and conse
quently college or university life, plays an important part.
Often a man whom circumstances have prevented enjoying the
advantages of education say»: "I am going to send my boy to col
lege to make a gentleman out of him." The genuine university man
is always a gentleman. Not indeed necessarily in the sense m which
this word is applied to the man of cultured manners and the nicer
refinements of social life, but in the deeper meaning in accordance
with which it justly describes the inner life. • :
Th» gentleman is one who has the spirit of reverence for what
is good, of kindness toward others, ; of gentleness and honor and
self-sacrifice and truth, of obedience to that great command which
bids- us love our neighbor as ourselves. He is one. whose Inward
feeling and sentiment 'and. principle manifest themselves, as if by a
necessity. la the outward behavior, and. so soon as the opportunity
of culture offers, in the manners which express the true amiability
■be man. that he is a rare citizen of the university community,
I am sure that he is a rare citizen of the university community 1
who does not find the influences of the place constantly tending to
give him this noble development, of manhood. A3 he goes forth into
the years of active living and working among men. Yet there are
temptations in all, universities and colleges to forgetfulness in this
matter, which I think should be .kept in view. The member of the -
university is not a school toy, and he ought to lay aside the dis
tinctive characteristics of the school boy, which are meant to be
outgrown when he passes within the university gates. . .
There are customs, larger and smaller, in all our , collegiate .. in- j
stitutions ~ which seem to be a sort of inheritance from the English j
notmced as he raked In my pile of
notes and gold, the pile that seemed so
[much more magnificent as it now dis
appeared forever. Yes, Fortune, that I
thought was so seriously befriending
•me, had only been jesting . Like many
an illustrious predecessor I had been
made the puppet for a few moments
of this tentalizing goddess. After all.
it was Just as well, I philosophized. Ha.l
it been $500'} instead of $500 it would
eventually" have reached the same des
tination and the pang- of parting with
iit was not so great. For the bank at
Monte Carlo is based upon an absolute
. knowledge of the unfailing frailty of
human nature and with this Idea it.con
ducts the greatest paying institution in
th* world. Well does Monte Carlo
knew that he who wins to-day will
■walk up like a little man to-morrow
and pay it all back. At least the chance
that he will not do so is so slight that
it is not worth considering. *
! I saw a yofing Englishman win $3000
In a- very short time. He was playing
a large game, gold and notes being all
that he deigned to handle. That even
ing I noticed that he was playing very
carefully with- silver? five francs at a
time,, which Is the minimum bet- From
what I had observed of his tempera
ment I could only infer one thing, that
nearly all of the five thousand had de
! parted. Somehow, •as I looked at him
. struggling with his five- franc pieces, I
• felt glad that he had lost. He was so
; young, not more than twenty-two, with
>an intelligent and an honest face. I
wished him too well to hope that he
might win at Monte Carlo. For surely
| th» winner as often as the loser finds
) destruction at this beautiful Monte
Carlo. There are places here that one
passes in haste, .lovely, secluded spots
from whVr» one looks out upon the sea,
that nevertheless are shunned, telling
as they do most wretched tales of dcs
! potation, despair and death. Here the
• body of a young man was found with
• a bullet through the brain, there a
The Main Qaming Salon. Carlo.
woman, past her prime, ended all her
misery. These were the losers — « fate
of the winners is not so easy to follow,
•but perhaps none the less pathetic.
Under all the glitter and glare the
gayety and life of Monte Carlo there is
a taint of pathos that is very hard to
escape. There are hundreds of old peo
pie here, men and women, who are ha
bitues of the place, slaves to the game,
hosts of withered. old crones who are
ready to fight for a dollar with their
lives; there are young women gorge
ously dressed whom I have neverthe
less seen eating meager bits of bread
and meat for their dinners. There are
others who I doubt not would be glad
to have the bread and meat, who wear
silks and costly jewels, yet perhaps are
hungry— that is, for to-night: to-mor
row it is not Improbable that these
same individuals will dine at the Hotel
de Paris, where the cuisine Is said to be
the best In the world, and where the
wine card Is marvelous to behold sll
and JIT a bottle appearing thereon.
The company conducting the Monte
Carlo bank seems to have a sure thing
in any event. It owns the hotel and
the Cafe de Paris, which take in most
of the money that is won at the Casino.
The winner" Is always prodigal of his
expenditures, and it is sometimes neces
sary for the loser to drown his sorrow.
My lady in the pale blue broadcloth
has looked at her watch and is starting
toward the Casino. Everybody on the
promenades has made the same move.
and I infer that it is approaching 12
o'clock, the hour that the play com
mences! A couple of young men are
actually running in their impatience
to meet their doom. I know just ex
actly what pushing and jamming there
will be at the great door. Everybody
has a favorite seat or a particular cor
ner about which he is superstitious.
and it is necessary to- be at the head of
the line In order to have one's pick.
So great is the scramble that one
must be lively to obtain a seat at all.
A tall, colorless woman is coming my
way whom I have seen win a thousand
dollars without changing the expres
sion of her face;. A veritable sphinx,
whether winning or losing. A striking
contrast she presents from the rosy
cheeked voun; German who was so de
lighted over winning $4 that he could
hardly contain himself. He smiled and
chuckled aloud so persistently that the
whole table caught the laugh and
joined in his glee. He is one of the few
who I think will not return his win
nings to the bank. H-> • -.:s $4.
and I am rery sure that Monte ■
will never have another chance at it.
Here comes a long'-legrgred, striding
Englishman who amused me a little
while asro inexpressibly.' Corraled in
the garden are a number of Alpine
groats that are naturally the joy of the
children. I was visiting their abode
with a little French girl, who lores to
feed the gentle things, when my ear
was startled by a volley of English
anathemas. Naturally, I peeked around
school of a former period, and which are utterly foreign to that
gentlemanly spirit which should belong- to educated men. -Your true
university .graduate is a man whose prime quality and foundation of
character is manliness — sense of duty so all-controlling- in his
life that he is ready for duty's call whenever and wherever it cornea
to him — that manly. sense of obligation to God and man which puts
work before pleasure and Inspires the soul to meet what is hard or
distasteful with the spirit of a conqueror. He should be minded
and fair-minded in all his search for truth, in all his studies and in
vestigations. The truth should be his light, and the end of his seek
ing should be the perfect light with which no darkness is intermingled.
One, of the moat notable characteristics of the ■ university spirit
is that union of the intellectual and emotional elements which keeps
them in due. relation to each other. The tendency of university life
Is almost necessarily toward the Intellectual, and oftentimes toward
the overestimating of this part .. of our nature. The mind at that
period is waking into full self-consciousness, and the man prides him
self upon having within himself that which seems his most ennobling
and glorious possession. .
But on the other hand one of the largest and best elements In
university life is friendship. The life of study moves in the Intel
lectual sphere; but the life of the student reaches out also into quite
a different sphere; and it grows stronger and better because of the
affection which binds- one ?oul to another. N"o man who looks back
upon his university course can fail to see that the association o£
friend with friend moved along with the association of each Individual
with books or teachers In accomplishing the result of the university
career. This element of .friendship^ in the class relationships is ever
bearing witness of the value of the emotional side of the nature. It
gives its constant testimony to the fact that knowledge and intel
lectual power are but paru of the man. and that truth itself is more
clearly seen when the Intellect and the feelings- work in unison.
Truth is oftentimes but dimly seen by the intellect alone. The
man who does not move toward it with his whole nature will not
be sure to find it. He who has no Imagination is not fitted even
for the study of the records of the past. He will become at best an
analyst rather than a historian. He who has no emotion of love for
man" can have no true Idea of the state and the common life, such,
as he ought to have, and no full understanding of the great ques
tions which agitate humanity. • Even the scientist or the mathema
tician Is- but a partial man, until through feeling he enters into the
poetry of his science.
the corner to see whence the out
burst came, and there encountered this
harmless looking individual. He was
quite abashed on discovering that he
had been overheard, and proceeded to
apologize profusely.
"Ten see, my chum in England told
me that these goats were mascots," he
said, with a seriousness that was .-
utterably funny. "He told me that I
must never play at roulette without
coming to see these goats. I have come
here three mornings in succession, and.
dent you know. I haven't a shilling
left." -
Poor fellow, as I look at him now he
is fondling -Jiis watchchain, and I think
I can guess what is going through his
mind. The most conspicuous signs in
Monte Carlo are those of the pawn
broker.
Behind the Englishman is a married
couple whom I have encountered a
number of times in my short stay.
"Were I as sure of any number at rou
letre as I am of their conversation my
fortune would-be made. I know that
they are engaged in a very lively
squabble. If this couple be a fair sam
ple a visit to Monte Carlo is not con
ducive to domestic felicity. Last night
the lady winning on a certain combina
tion the gentleman at once grabbed the
money. "Give me th- ■ money." she
said dictator-tally. "It is mine; my louis
win it."
• Yes." answered the fond husband,
"but you haven't paid' me what you
borrowed this morning."
"I borrowed only two loui?." she re
plied, "and you- have taken seventeen."
Her eyes filled with tears, but the hus
band remained obstinate. Then she be
came vicious and pinched his arm spite
fully. I was expecting a lively physical
encounter to occur, when they dis
creetly withdrew from the Casino.
Ah, this old Monte Carlo, how it
reveals poor human nature as it is.
without the veneering of conventional
ity! He who believes that the proper
study of mankind is man should seek
the principality of Monaco for his La
bors, for here, side by side, are all the
tragedies and all the comedies of hu
man life.
Who is this cfiming along- the pran*
nade? It is a little. man whom I have
re. Ye gods, he has a
hump on his back! Yes. I still hare a
- left from the wreck. If I
only touch that hump, who knows, who
knows I lam off to the Casino.
1920
Special to the Sunday Call.
f I \HE general art-loving public of New
I York, or at least that part of it
which passes through Broadway,
I near Madison Square, is divided as
JL'. to the merit of a certain picture
which hangs alone in the window
of an art dealer. The painter is Frederic
Remington, and It is a war picture: It is
one of the first fruits of the Spanish-
American contest in the world of art. The
scene might have been laid In any of the
north New' York parks. The background
is a blue thicket of undergrowth, from
which leads a wide level road. Along this
road, some staggering, some falling and
fomi 1 lying face downward, are a body of
Rough Riders. They have been fired upon
by nn unseen body of ambuscaders. using
the deadly, mysterious, smokeless powder
whir-h gave the Spaniards their chief ad
vp.ntage during the short and bloody con
flict outside Santiago.
It is not the kind of a picture that some
art lovers would like to hang in their
drawing rooms. In some respects, the ;
horror of war which marked the gTeat ;
canvases of Verestchagin, the Russian i
painter, is shown In this work. It exhib- |
its a phase of war that is grewsome. It
is. distinctly unpleasant to contemplate.
The Rough Riders are not using their
■weapons. No smoke hides them from j
view. They stand out clear and distinct
in the wonderful tropical summer atmos
phere.' Surprise and dread are depicted
on their faces as they meet these bullets,
which come apparently from nowhere. It
ie not the purpose of this article to'criti- j
cize Mr. Remington's picture, but merely
to chronicle its appearance. Seventy-five
per cent of those who pass the window
daily stop and look at it. This would |
Beem to indicate that the pictorial side of
the late war appeals strongly to the pub
lic taste. Indeed, the war seems to have
had a marked effect in stimulating Ameri
can artists in the production of military
pictures. The Spanish-American war wiil
certainly live on canvas.
"The Arrest of the Spy."
At the outbreak of the war many fa
mous artists went to Cuba, Among them
were Lyell Carr, Remington, Zugbaum
and Chapman, but by far the most fa
mous painter of war scenes, according to
most critics, was disappointed by the
shortness of the conflict and was left at
home. He is Gilbert Gaul, a distinguished
National Academician. He was waiting
for the fighting to begin around Havana
before leaving his busy studio in this city.
As the war ended with the Santiago cam
paign, he missed one of the great oppor
tunities of Ms life. The public, however, |
will not feel this disappointment as keen
ly as Mr. Gaul does, as he has turned out
since the beginning of the war a number of
remarkable pictures representing stirring
scenes in the conflict. One of his most i
important works is entitled "The Arrest
of the Spy." It depicts a man stripped
of most of his clothing, being searched
by a Bquad of American soldiers and of
ficers. It is instinct with life and ranks
among the most meritorious of this great
painter'B late canvases.
"I expected to go to Cuba," Mr. Gaul
explained to me, "but the war ended too
Boon. I have, however, spent a large
number of my years in making war stud
ies, and this conflict has given an added j
Inspiration to my brush. My spy picture
Is one of my latest. I shall probably paint
other war pictures aa I have been doing
for many years past, and I hope that the
national feeling of patriotism, now so
widespread, will stimulate the purchase
of this kind of patnting. Heretofore, how
ever, pictures of this class, painted by
American artists, have not attained the
appreciation which I believe they have
deserved. They have pleased the public,
but not the collectors and the dealers. A
man who has no collection may buy a
war picture for his only painting, because
he likes it, but you find very few in our
large private collections. I do not believe
that you will find a single war painting
by an .American artist in the Vanderbilt
galleries."
"The Wounded Soldier."
Among the most hopeful of American
artists as to the effect of the war upon
art is Johannes Gelert. the famous sculp
tor of the Haymarket monument in Chi
cago Mr. Gelert, who has recently moved
to this city from the "West, has won addi
tional fame by his great statue of "The
Wounded Soldier." which has already
won one gold medal and recently attract
ed a large measure of praise at the exhi
bition of the National Academy of De-
I found the sculptor the other day
working upon a new war medal in his
studio.
"Do I think that the Spanish-American
war has affected art. I should say that
it had most decidedly. In my opinion it
is an Inspiration such as art In this coun
try has not had since the Civil War. In
sculpture it will have a most beneficial
influence in the way of equestrian and
military statues. The public parks for a
decadeto come will be decorated all over
i his country with the figures of the brave
men who gave up their lives for their na
tion In the year 1896."
"What feature appeals particularly to
you?"
Like the Greek.
"I am giving only a sculptor's idea, but
I should say that it Is the figure of the
. American soldier. He is a different type
from the soldier of any other nation in
the world. He is something like the Greek,
• and partakes of the Goth and the Briton.
yet he differs from all three. To my mind
■he is the Ideal soldier." _ f v
The sculptor looked across bis atudlo to |
1 a beautiful marble and continued; "I had
this idea in view when I carved my
"Wounded Soldier." You notice that he is
almost nude. This feature of the work
has caused more comment, I suppose,
than any other. I have received nearly
200 letters asking me why he Is not
clothed. This is the story: You see that
broken gun lying on the ground at the
soldier's feet? That gun was broken upon
the soldier's head. He was left for dead
by his comrades. During the period of
insensibility produced by the shock of his
wounds he was robbed of his clothing save
his shirt by a band of marauders. When
he came to his senses he seized his shirt,
drew It from his form and threw it across
his loins, where you see It in the statue,
and tore It Into bandages which you see
him placing as best he can upon his arm.
The strained condition of the muscles and
the pose bring out possibly better than
anything else could the remarkable vigor
and ruggedness of the fig-ure."
Brancony's Maine Monument.
In a certain line of modeling, probably
the best-known sculptor now in America
is Leopold Brancony, a prize medalist ol
the Paris salon and the famous author of
the bust of Pope Leo XIII. Shortly after
the destruction of the Maine, Sig. Bran
cony made a design for a monument to
mark this national disaster. The slgnor
also has decided views upon the question
of the inspiring influence of the late war
upon art.
"I believe," he said, "that the war Is
destined to mark a new epoch in art In
thie country. I have already produced a
design for a Maine monument and have
another in view of a Red Crosa nurse.
The feminine figure in this war appeals
more strongly to me, perhaps, than that
of the soldier. In no other conflict have
there been so many volunteers among
women of family and wealth. The type
of woman is unusual from a physical,
mental and spiritual standpoint. I have
tried to bring the type out in the leading
figure of the Maine monument, 'the angel,"
but It can be even more forcibly expressed
in that of the Red Cross nurse. There are
great possibilities in the symbolic lessons
of the feminine side of this struggle, and
artists now In America more than the .art
lets of any other nation understand the
peculiar differences between the Ameri
can woman and the women of other lands.
The war is sure, also, to bring out many
military statues and innumerable fine
busts and war medals."
"I certainly believe," said Mr. Carr to
me the other day, '.'that the war offers
exceptional opportunities for great art
work. I spent four months with the sol
diers In and near Santiago. My picture
i of the church at El Caney was the first
one that I placed on exhibition, but I
have material for many others. I am now
painting a large canvas Illustrating the
execution of the crew of the Virginius. 1
My El Caney picture has been criticized |
for its fidelity to truth. It has been said
that I was making a play to the galleries,
but this is unjust. I painted war as it
is— as I saw it— and if I had omitted some
of the grewsome details I would have
been untrue to my profession."
Views of the War in Art.
"If you want to find out the influence
this last war will have upon art, you
must come to the dealers, and not to the
i artists," said one of the largest art men
to me. "We know the views of the artists
and the public as well, while the artist
can express only his own views. For my
part. I believe that the last war will have
a marked influence upon art. I think that
we have painters who will find in this
struggle an inspiration for some of the
greatest pictures that have been produced
in the past twenty years in America. The
public is ripe for works of this kind. This
is evidenced by the enormous sales of pic
tures of the navy, of the Maine, of Ha
vana and of scenes in Cuba during the
progress of hostilities. This demand has
worn off to a large degree, but I find that
whenever we present to our customers a
war picture of merit, whether it repre
sents a scene from the civil' or any for
eign struggle, It attracts instant and
widespread attention.
"It is all a question of the men. During
the Civil war we had no very great
painters. Therefore there are no master
pieces representing that conflict. But
now we have them, and I believe it will
be a question of time only till some of our
American painters produce work repre
i senting this great achievement of the
American arms in a manner worthy of
preservation for all time."
Still another phase of the effect of the
war upon art was described by a dealer
who traffics largely in decorative art. He
said that the military idea was permeat
ing every branch of decorative art, so
much bo that other goods suffered great
ly Plaques representing war Bcenes at
Santiago, Slboney and El Caney were in
demand; picture frames with designs in
different styles of arms had met with con
siderable popularity, and those bits of
statuary which form a part of cabinet
furnishings were invariably selected to
suit' the idea of war. Some of the statu
ettes made after the close of the civil war
which had been useless and unsalable for
years were now selling rapidly, especially
designs of "The Wounded Soldier," "Let
ters From Home," and other familiar sub-
C fn engravings, particularly, he found a
complete change In taste, the demand be
ing mainly for war subjects. In this field
the navy "seemed to be the special favor
ite, every battle-ship and officer having
been called for.
THE Quadriga of Frederick MacMon
nies has bee~n placed upon the Sol
diers' and Sailors' Memorial Arch at
the .naln entrance to Prospect Park.
Brooklyn, and is attracting much atten
tion by reason of its artistic beauty. It
Is a colossal bronze group representing
the triumph of American arms and the
dignity of the nation.
The figure standing In the auadrlga (or
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
HOW
FAMOUS ARTISTS ARE TRYING TO
four-horse Roman chariot) symbolizes
Peace by noting a sword In its left hand
instead of the right, and also represents
Victory by waving a large flag surmount
ed by a laurel wreath. On either side
heralds proclaim the approach of the
chariot. On the front of -ie chariot is
the American eagle with outstretched
wings and the motto, "E Pluribus Unum."
The group is thirty-five feet to Its high
est point, weighs twenty-five tons and the
contract price was $50,000.
Upon the pediments upon either side of
the arch will be placed two bronze groups,
also by MacMonnies, representing the
T'nited States army and navy. The
army group has just been finished, and
a photograph of it was received from
Paris a short time ago by a relative of
the sculptor. This is reproduced else
where, and, it will be seen, is a beautiful
piece of sculpture in relief. An interest
ing fact about it is that the figure of the
officer is a representation of MacMonnies
himself, slightly' idealized. Every one
who knows the sculptor pronounces it a
striking likeness.
This group symbolizes the Genius of
Patriotism urging American soldiers on
to victory. The navy group, which is not
yet completed, win represent American
sailors boarding a vessel at sea, urged on
by another Genius of Patriotism. In or
der to secure a perfect representation of
the proper naval weapons, Mr. Frank
MacMonnies, a brother of the sculptor,
obtained the loan from the Navy Depart
ment of pikes, cutlasses and pistols, which
he forwarded to his brother in Paris.
These two groups, when placed in posi
tion, will complete the memorial arch and
its decorations. The two groups will cost
$50,000 additional, and the completed arch
and its adornments will represent a total
cost of $206,000. It will, however, be an
art work of which Brooklyn may well be
proud, as it cannot be equaled in this
country.
The other fine equestrian groups in
bronze by MacMonnies are to face the
bicycld path at the Coney Island gate to
Prospect Park. One of them has recently
been placed on its pedestal, and the other
will be put in position before very long.
Each one represents a mounted youth en
deavoring to restrain two rearing and
plunging horses. The action of the groups
is bold, spirited and realistic, and the
workmanship is of the most finished char
acter.
Frederick MacMonnies, the author of
these notable works, was born in Brook
lyn In 1563. and evinced a natural talent
for sculpture from his earliest childhood.
At five years of age he stood by a kitchen
table while his mother made bread, and
modeled figures of men, women and ani
mals from the dough. These were so
natural that they soon attracted atten
tion. He seems to have come by his ge
nius by inheritance, for, although his
father was a plain Scotch business man,
BJWJIZE QFOUf pEppESENJINQ JfiE UNI JED ST^JES AJW
" Designed by Frederick MacMonnies, and to Be Placed Upon the Soldiers' and Sailors 1 Memorial Arch in Brooklyn, N. Y.
his mother was a descendant of Benja
min West, the famous painter.
Wax was then given to the child and
he modeled many figures In It. At the
age of seven he made an equestrian fig
ure of Washington, which is still pre
served in his family and is quite a credi
table piece of work. When he was a few
years older he would obtain a lump of
clay from a brickyard near his home and
model all kinds of figures from it. When
he was 10 years old he was taken to Bar
num's circus, and as soon as he returned
home he modeled an elephant in clay.
As soon as he left school his father put
him to business, as he did his other sons,
but Frederick was unable to retain a po
sition for any length of time. Instead
of running errands he had a habit of lin
gering before art stores to gaze longingly
upon the paintings and sculpture In the
windows.
Finding that he could think of nothing
else but sculpture, hla father obtained ;i
situation for him as a clay sifter in the
studio of St Gaudens. New York. It
was understood that all the time he could
spare from this duty he could devote to
modeling. Here his father came to iiis
ussiPtancc by Inventing a machine by
which he could sift as much clay in one
hour as formerly required a whole cin>.
By this means he had plenty of time for
modeling, and at night he attended the
classes at the Academy of Design and
the Art Students' League. At 18 he made
a bust of his father, which was an ex
cellent likeness. .
Wtaei) he was 20 f he took the first prize
at the Academy of Design. His father
then agreed to send him to Paris, and he
was admitted to the Ecole dcs Beaux
Arts. In his first year there, when he
was only 21, he was awarded the first
prize by acclamation. The following year
he received the same honor. His first
important work was a statue of Young
Pan, which has been much admired. This
was followed by a statue of Diana. His
largest commission after this was his fa
mous fountain at the World's Fair. In
Chicago. This commission was refused
by a number of prominent sculptors, as
the contract required that the fountain
should be finished in eighteen months,
and they claimed that the time was too
short.
JVtaeMonnies submitted his design, it
was accepted and he took the commission.
He worked night and day and nearly
killed himsplf, but on the stipulated day
his fountain was playing at the head of
the Court of Honor on the World's Fair
grounds. He received J50.000 for this, and
ft 1b understood spent that much in mak
ing it.
His statue of Mr. Stranahan. in Pros
pect Park, and his famous figure of Na
than Hale, in City Hall Park, were his
next works. Then followed the Quad
riga, which he himself and all who have
beheld It consider his masterpiece, and
one that will last for ages.
Several authors at the end of the six
teenth and beginning of the seventeenth
century mention a man who had lost
both his eyes, but could see through his
nose. An account of him is given in
the "Oculus Artiflcialis Teledioptricus"
of Joannis Zahn. It appears that he
Hvt>d in the country and had the mis-
Obvterse. Reverse.
Meda! Commemorative of Admiral Dewey's Victory, to Be Presented to His Officers and Men.
From a photograph by A. B. Bogart.
THE designs for the Dewey medal
are at last ocmpleted. Daniel C.
French, the sculptor, has done his
part well and turned over the de
signs to the Tiffany Company of
New York, who will cut the dies and
strike the medals in copper— l63s in all.
Upon the obverse is a lifelike present
ment of Commodore Dewey, with the fol
lowing Inscription: "The gift of the peo
ple of the United States to the officers
and men of the Asiatic Squadron under
command of Commodore George Dewey."
Upon the reverse, surrounded by the
wordß 'In memory of the victory of Ma-
*++♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦;
* Manx) powerful jNeW Pictures and Statues Based on the Con- 4
X flict in. Cuba— Qilbert's « Jhe Arrest of the Spy." £
+ , . . . . . » x .1. 4. Xx > 4. -4. +4.>> ++ + +'++ ++-f+ ♦+ ♦
-f- 4- 4- -f 4- ;-f 4- > ♦♦ + ♦ •♦ +f «r T+ ▼ ▼
fortune to lose his right eye when a
child, and his left when somewhat
older, by falling from a cherry tree
upon a spike, which mutilated his nose
and cheek. After the wound had healed
he found that he could see through the
cavity of his nose not merely the day
light, but the colors of the flowers
around him. During the next five or
six years he learned to distinguish ob
jects brought under his nose. M. E.
nila Bay, May 1, 18f>S," is the figure of a
young sailor stripped to the waist who
j sits upon a gun with the flag across his
'. knees and one foot resting upon a swing
i ing loop of rope.
In this beautiful figure Mr. French has
admirably embodied the genius of the epi
sode in its highest and purest aspect —
the spirit of the fleet, such as one's im
agination may picture it on that memora
ble morning, and also the spirit of the
country on whose behalf it was going
into action. The chief character of the
face is youth— the beauty, confidence ami
pure intention of youth. In the pose of
the figure are alertness, fearless upright-
Doulllot. a French physiologist, ex
plains the phenomenon by supposing
that the membranes and particularly
the retina at the base of the eye, were
sound, and that an opening communi
cating with the nose permitted the light
to reach the retina through the nose.
It Is well known that if light enters
a dark room by a narrow aperture it
will form an image or picture on a
screen there, and something of the kini
happened In the case of the man who
saw with his nose.— Llppincotts.
FEAST OF PURIM
And
What It Means to the Jews
THE Jews ordained, and took upon
I.; them, and upon their seed, and upon
; . I ■ • all such as Joined themselves, unto
.'l' them, so as It -should not fall, that
-'•*■ • they ' would keep these two . days ac
cording to their:. writing, and according
to their appointed time every year.—Es
ther 1x:27. ,--''■'"■'■:■■■'",'- _,„. i '
• It is a long time since this writing was
get down 1 in the sacred records of. tha
Mosaic dispensation, yet with that won
derful fidelity to tradition which has ever
characterized the race, the Jews have
never failed to celebrate, by every kind
of feasting and rejoicing.- the. annual
feast -of Purim. The event takes J place
annually on the 13th day : of ; the month of
Adar, which corresponds to. our 23d of
February, and commemorates one or the
most remarkable 1 escapes which the Jew
ish nation ever had from total . destru, -
1 I°'wa» In the year of the world 3287. or
B. C. 473. that Esther, the beautiful /ew
uk maiden, aided by the wily Morder
Waved her race from the vengeance of
Haman .King Ahasuerus, whose f morals
high as a large. ship's mast, and it i» «£
sprung HP T h a h n| ° a ff a d H°man h '
s P SITs e urvJe° S art Jr'ovS. wherever the
mmm
wmmm
immm
gIUHi
service is that tne rail u ' . g the verses
the ordinary w £>. but intones , g
with dramatic effect^ And ii t ' - t<> - the
a collection h e^.^ a wholesome Dte
course. T^f^ssing the plate around at
th |her 0 c r o e n r tr b a r ry h to n aU ordinary notions
wh^Pver the name of the detested Ha-
Siferris^fflrs
'loud voice "Let his name be blotted Out.
Also the rabbi, when reading those pas
sages runs over them very rapidly as
ff K to minimize their I™P°w«™n The
S^Se^hunK with their father on the high
SSlowa " Le^also treated with ; similar
§Sns of contempt, the congregation ex
claiming, "Blessed b« the Israelites ;
cursed be Haman. blessed be Mordecai.'
Once this service is over the secular side
of the festival begins, and the people are
absolutely free to enjoy themselves with
out restraint. Masquerade balls, dinners,
theater parties, any form of fun and
frolic are all in order. It used to be the
custom to perform, a kind of miracle play
on this occasion, and the practice Is still
kept up in some remote parts, and in the
orphan asylums. The whole, dramatic
story of Esther is performed by charac
ters dressed in female attire, and if the
acting is good the play is bound to excite
the most thrilling interest. — .
It is a moot question with the pundits
whether Christ did not himself observe
the feast of Purim, and it is also claimed
that, in the early days, the celebration
was identical with the feast of the Pass
over. At any rate, the event has always
had a firm hold upon the minds of the
people, and there is a proverb which says.
"The temple may fall, but Purim never."
ness and the unconscious grace and com
posure of assured strength. The very
disposition of the flag Is suggestive.
The moment represented is not the one
of victory, but preparedness thereto. The
flag Is not a menace to the world, nor
under the pretext of Its name is a policy
of aggrandizement foreshadowed. It is
safe in the keeping of young America,
and when the cause is right it will be
uplifted.
Such seems to be the suggestion of this
beautiful figure. But Its beauty, apart
from Its symbolism, is equally note
worthy. As a piece of decoration it is do.
lightful.PRESERVE THE GLORIES OF THE LATE WAR
. ♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+++♦♦♦+♦♦♦++++♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
, •4- A rllsts Inspired by the bate Gorvflict — " War Is Destined to +.;
1 l^ ar^ a NeW Epoch ir\ Art ir\ This Gountry," Bracorwj Says. £
♦ ♦♦♦♦ +. + .♦..♦'+ ++++ ++ + ■*•♦"♦: + + + + ++ + + ♦♦'♦"•"♦"♦•♦
JHE SJ>Y, By qibßEflT q/UJU the Famous War Artist
MOST FAMOUS OF AMERICAN NEGROES
Remarkable Career of Booker J. Washington of Juskegee and
What He Is Doing,
Born a Sia\>e He Is NoW a Leader of 10,000,000 People, a Distinguished Orator, Honored With
.*" :: : .', '" a Harvard Degree and president of a Qreat ScKooL
Special to the Sunday Call.
TO he the best known individual of a
race of ten million peopia is no j
small responsibility, and yet that is
My the position which Booker j
T. Washington holds to-day, with •■
■ regard to the negroes in this coun- |
try.' A^ Froderi< k Douglass grew to be an j
okl man the question was often at I
■who was to take his place as the leader of
the colored people in the United States.
Until* the time of the Atlanta Exposition
In 1894 there had appeared no probable j
successor. The address of Booker T. j
'•Washington at the exposition challenged \
the attention of the entire country. He
was at the time the comparatively un- i
known principal of a recently established I
. struggling school for colored young men j
and women in the middle of the "Black ,
Belt" of Alabama. In the short tlmo j
which has elapsed since the delivery of I
the Atlanta address Mr. Washington's
■achievements and the very general recog
nition of his talents and ability have
brought him so prominently before the
public that it seems quite proper to speak
of him as the best known colored man in
the United States to-day. A few among ;
the many causes which have led to this I
result are the conferring of a degree upon
him by Harvard University; his notable,
.-Mldress at Boston on the occasion of the
unveiling of the Shaw monument on Bos
ton Common, with many other able ad
dresses all over the country: his selection
by the trustees of the John F. Slater fund
to conduct for them, with the assistance
' Mrs. Washington , a series of meetings
for the colored people in all the cities of
th* South, thin work to cover a period of j
two years; his successful administration
f f tho affairs of Tuskegee Institute, a
gr<»at school of a thousand pupils; his se-
Alectlon to be one of the orators at the j
prace jubilee in Chicago in October of 1395. j
where he spoke to an audience of 15.000 peo
ple, in the presence of President McKin
• ley, who took the occasion to pay Mr.
"Washington a most distinguished compll
ment: and last, the visit which the Presi- |
dent and Mrs. McKinley made to Tvs- j
kegre in their recent journey through the j
South.
Does Not Know His Age.
In view of what he has accomplished j
the early life of Mr. Washington and the ;
opportunities for education which he had j
are interesting. It is a striking comment
ary on some of the conditions of life
which have been posible in this country
that to the very natural first question,
"How Old is Booker Washington?" the
answer must be returned, "He does not
know." He was born a slave in the State
of Virginia In either the year 1857 or 1858.
So humble was his origin, so scant the
notice taken of the fact that one more
black boy had been born on "the place,"
that no special attention was given to his
birth which would accurately fill the date.
His home for those first years, near the
village of Hales Ford, was one of those
one-room log cabins, with uncouth chim
ney of wood and clay glued upon the end,
such as any one may even yet see in all
parts of the South. The floor of the cab
in was the hard-trodden earth, and the
veils had no windows, a circumstance
wl.lch was not 30 very great account
since the door was rarely closed, and
wh >n it was both light and air found free
passage between the logs of the walls
where the mud chinking had fallen out.
Freed From Slavery.
Mr. Washington must have been about
S yenrs old when the war closed. I have
heard him tell of that event in these
words: "We knew there had been a war,
and in our cabins talked about it. One
rrornlng word was sent over the whole
place for all the hand 3to come up to the
'big house.' Standing there in the yard
in front of the porch a paper was read
out loud to us, and my mother, bending
over me, whispered to me that we were |
free. I was too ycung to really under
stand what that meant then."
There was now the family to be provid
ed for, and soon after freedom was de-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
I dared the Washlngtons migrated to "West
j Virginia, where work in the coal mines*
j offered employment and money wages
j The journey over the mountains was
i made in a rude cart. The determinatlor
i to rise in life, which then could have onl\
' been an instinct, was already stirring the
! soul of the boy, and finding that life in
! the inines gave no opportunity for ad
j vancement Booker looked for other em ■
| ployment. He was so fortunate as to be
j hired to work in the kitchen and run er
! rands for a New England woman of un
i usual intelligence and great force of
character, who was married to a South
ern gentleman, and Mr. Washington has
always felt that to her training and ex
; ample he owes much of his success in
i life. This lady, Mrs. Viola Ruffner, is
' still living, though at an advanced age.
jat the. time I write. Her home now is in
Charleston, S. C. with her son. Major E.
H. Ruffner, of the United States army,
and I recently enjoyed the privilege of
I visiting her there. It was she who taught
I the boy Booker to read. Speaking of him
! to me she said:
Learning to Bead.
"He was always a good boy, quiet and
determined to amount to something. He
never wasted his time, as so many of my
I help did. As soon as his work was done,
even if it v/a's only for a few mlnuteß, he
would sit down in a corner of the kitchen,
with the book from which I was begin
ning to teach him to read. Only one thing
ever made him uneasy* He was never
! satisfied with his work unless he was
| 'getting on.' He left me several times to
try different things; once I remember
working on a steamboat, but he alwa>-3
came back to me, until he finally started
for Hampton."
"When young Washington was 14 years
old the reputation of General Armstrong's
I great work at Hampton penetrated to the
i West Virginia mountains. To hear of this
was to realize at once that this was a
means for "getting on." It was not a
question of whether he should go, .or
when, but of how quick h» could ra*nta.
Jhc >lost Stirritva Incident tr\ the Life of the U, 5. Battleship .Maine. Before Jler 111-Fated End ir\ HaVana Harbor: As painted for Caaares*
Hampton. He had no money to spare, for
all he had earned had gone to help sup
port the family.
How He Went to Hampton.
Of this turning point In his life let his
own words tell: "When I found out that
Hampton was a place where a black boy
could study, and at the same time have a
chance to work for his board, and that In
addition to study he would be taught how
to work, I made up my mind to go there.
Telling my mother good-by, I started
out one morning to find my way
to Hampton, although I had but a very
few cents In money, and did not have even
any definite Idea where Hampton was.
But I inquired my way. and by walking,
begging rides, and paying for a portion of
the journey on the steam cars with money
earned on the road, I finally reached the
city of Richmond, Va. I was without
friends there and entirely without money.
I found a good dry place under a plank
1 sidewalk and crawled in there to sleep the
(first night. The next day I found work
on a vessel where I could earn some
money. As the job would last for sev
eral days I kept at work, sleeping every
! night in the same place under the slde
walk. It was a comfortable place, arid
I was In that way enabled to save the
most of my wages to help me to go on.
When I reached Hampton I had 50 cents
left.
"At Hampton I found an opportunity xor
class-room education and for practical
training In industrial life, opportunity to
learn thrift, economy and push. Amid
Christian Influences I was surrounded by
an atmosphere of business and a spirit of
self-help that seemed to awaken every
faculty in me and cause me for the first
time to realize what it meant to be a man
Instead of a piece of property."
Beginning His Life Work.
"While I was at Hampton I resolved
that when I had finished my course of
training there I would go into the far
South, into the 'Black" Belt' of Uie
South, and give my life to providing the
same kind of opportunity for self-reliance
and self-awakening that I had found pro
vided for me at Hampton. My work be
gan at Tuskegee. Ala., In 1881, In a email
shanty and church, with one teacher and
thirty students, without a dollar's worth
of property. The spirit of work and of
industrial thrift, with aid from the State
and generosity from the North, has en
abled us to develop the school to its pres
ent proportions."
Tuskegee Institute is now a school
where over a thousand young colored men
and Women are taught each year how to
make their lives count for the most possi
ble, both for themselves and for their
race. It is an intensely practical school,
and does not teach books so much as it
does facts, and how to use them. The
school now owns several thousand acres
of land and about forty buildings. The
pupils who are studying farming do all
the work upon the land, and of the forty
buildings, many of them three and four
Btory brick structures, all except the first
three small ones have been built, begin
ning with the making of the bricks and
the cutting of the lumber, by the pupils in
the mechanical arts classes! Tuskegee is
the largest school in the world for colored
pupils conducted wholly by colored teach
ers. Its executive force and Instructors,
numbering nearly one hundred, are all
men and women of the negro race, and
except for the board of trustees, none of
whom reside at the school, there is no one
connected with the institute who is not of
the race for the helping of which its ef
forts are directed. One unique feature of
Tuskegee is its Negro Conference held
there in February of each year. There
are many other schools for colored young
men and women in the country, but no
where else is there a school for the fath
ers and mothers of these young people.
That is what the conference really is. a
school, even though its sessions are for
only one day in a year, and the most of
the pupils who come to it have gray hair
and cannot reed or write. As I heard a
grizzled old negro say, when he made the
prayer which opened one of these ses
sions: "O Lawd. we wants to tank de for
dis our one day ob schoolln' in de whole
year."
Tuskegree now has a fine new brick
church, large enough to seat over two
thousand people, dedicated in the spring
of IS9B. This building was designed by
on© of the instructors there, and. like all
the others, built by the boys. The growth
of the school and of the conference has
been so rapid during the last five years
that until this building was erected there
was no audience room large enough to
accommodate the students at chapel or
the men and women at the conference,
and a rudely built temporary structure
had been used. I doubt if the new church
will accommodate the conference now.
and If it does I am sure the meeting will
be as impressive as it was in Its old sur
, roundlngs.
2122
THE ADMIRAL`S
MISADVENTURE
J^pjADVENTURE
by Gilbert Heron,i^teKPlA
THE dinner gong was Just sounding Its noisy warning to the hungry
occupants of H. M. S. Gigantic's wardroom one evening in Feb
ruary 18OT as I crossed from my cabin to the admiral's for dinner.
We were in the Grecian Archipelago with the eastern division
of the Mediterranean fleet; and the Gigantic, one of the latest
class of battle-ships, was the flagship, carrying Vice Admiral Stan
hope C B whose flag lieutenant I had the honor of being during
the whole of hie long and eventful command in those waters. We had that
afternoon left the island of Lesbos, after a week's stay, and we had evi
dently intended staying there far longer, when suddenly a telegram— from
what' quarter I did not yet know— had been sent us packing at an hour's
notice.
Affairs at Constantinople had been serious for some time— most seri
ous, indeed; and in common with every one fore and aft the chip, I sur
mised that our proceedings must be in some way connected with the course
of events there. My curiosity was, in fact, thoroughly roused, the more
bo that the admiral, with unusual reticence, had studiously avoided any
reference to our ultimate destination throughout the day. Admirals, how
ever are curiously like ordinary mortals in most ways, and I hoped that
after dinner, when the generous wine had begun to do its work, he would
prove more communicative. It was, therefore, with more than usual in
terest that I obeyed the summons of the loudly clanging gong, and entered
the admiral's cabin. Punctual as ever to the second, he was gleaming in
the fore cabin, where the small table at which we dined was gleaming in
the eoft yellow glow of the incandescent lights, with the sheen of brilliant
■white r.apery, cut-glass and silver."
The admiral, usually so genial, was reserved and taciturn, answering
my attempts at conversation in monosyllables, and he had a preoccupied
and somewhat careworn look. Soup, fish and entree we consumed almost
In silence, broken only by the sounds of the ship's band each time the
cabin door opened, and the unending throbbing of the great engines away
down in the heart of the ship. Not till the meal was over and our cigars
alight did the admiral unbend.
"Harley," he said, the strains of the ever-impressive "Miserere," from
Verdi's "Trovatore-," softly floating in upon us, "I daresay you've been
wondering why we left so suddenly this afternoon and where we are off
to. I did not enlighten you before because I had not quite made up my
mind as to what part you were to take in the affair on hand; but as I
have come to- the conclusion that you are the best individual to help me, I
will put you in possession of the facts. Yo.u know, of course," he con
tinued, "that things in Constantinople have lately been causing grave
anxiety to the Governments of Europe. The patience of our own Govern
ment has been often enough severely tried, and to-day, according to the
cipher cablegram which I received, the Sultan has overstepped the
boundary and the Embassador has sent for the fleet. 1 am to concentrate
all my available strength at the Island of Imbros, in a bay on the north
side of the island, which is well screened from passing observation. It is,
of course, of the utmost importance that our movements should be kept
entirely secret, both from the Turkish Government and from the Gov
ernments who would side against England In the event of war, and at
Imbros we shall be out of the way, and yet only about thirty miles from
the mouth of the Dardanelles."
"And what is to be done then, sir, on our arrival at Imbros?'
"The fleet will remain there, while the Embassador will send his steam
j-acht, the Imogene, down to fetch me. He desires to see me prsonally
and give me certain instructions regarding the possible, nay. inevitable,
outbreak of hostilities. I had at first decided to go up alone, but on second
thoughts I have resolved that you shall accompany me."
"Hut are you quite certain then, sir. that war must result?"
"Almost. You see. although the British Government does not wish to
Incur the onus of actually declaring war, it is making certain diplomatic
moves which, as far as one can tell, must result in war. The Embassador
is to demand the enforcement of certain drastic reforms and demand also
such great concessions that if granted would give England practically the
entire control of things eastern. This, too, he is to demand being carried
into effect within twelve hours of his ultimatum. Now, even in the very
unlikely event of the Porte assenting to his propositions, or even promis
ing to "consider them, the other nations of Europe will never agree to
them, and this will at once precipitate the Armageddon which England is
at length prepared for. We shall arrive at Imbros about four bells in the
morning watch, and anchor in "Divisions— Line ahead.' The Imogene
should be awaiting our arrival on the north side of the isle. I will give
you a kmg general signal now, if you will come into the cabin, which will
inform the captains of the object of our journey and prepare them for
further developments." And rising he Jed the way into the brilliantly
lighted cabin.
At 6 a. m. The next day the fleet, still steaming in two lines, swept
round the northeast corner of the hilly and rugged little island of Imbros
and dropped anchor there.
As the admiral had expected, the Imogene was already on the spot.
I followed the admiral down the accommodation ladder into his ir.-oared
barge, a long, lithe boat painted a deep blue, which had— and still has, T
Relieve— the reputation of being one 6f the best racing boats on the sta
tion. Wo were rapidly pulled through the odd half mile of clear and spark
ling blue water which separated us from the Imogene, whose commander
was standing on her quarter deck waiting to welcome us.
"You are quite ready to proceed, I suppose?" said the admiral as soon
ap we were aboard.
"Quite, sir," responded the commander, and in a few moments we were
speeding on our way. Two hours later we rounded Cape Hellas and en
tered the historic Dardanelles, and for the next few hours sped*swiftly
along that famous and strongly guarded channel.
About 6 p. m. we entered the sea of Marmora, and at the rate we were
traveling expected to sight Constantinople between 10 p. m. and 11 p. m.,
and exactly at five bells in the first watch I caught my first glimpse of
the wonderful city. We dropped anchor opposite Tophane, in the midst
of a double line of passenger steamers from every country in Europe.
A small steam launch, which had been waiting our arrival at the land
ing stage, now came busily panting up alongside. At the quay a closed
carriage was waiting for us, and then, threading our way past the moonlit
quays, warehouses and arsenals of Tophane, we were soon clattering
along the fine Rue Yeni-Chartche, at the head of which stood our destina
tion, the British Embassy.
The Embassador received us in person, having timed our arrival to a
nicety, and it was 7 a. m. before tro interview terminated, and we were
rapidly being driven back to the landing stage. In an hour's time we
were once more aboard the Imogene. the anchor hoisted and the fantastic
white glory of Stamboul being rapidly left behind us.
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon, having lunched, we had come on deck,
find the admiral was easily discussing the probable course of events which
would result on the Embassador promulgating his ultimatum, which he
was to have done at noon.
"They're in an awful stew by this time at Yildiz Kiosk, I expect," he
paid, with a. certain mischievous relish, rubbing his hands the while. He
was in the best of humors, and could find fault with nothing.
Suddenly he stopped dead and quickly glanced at his watch, end from
his watch to me in a questioning way.
Before I had time to Inquire the meaning of this performance he ejac
ulated: "By Jove! Here it is half-past 2 and we don't seem far down the
sea of Marmora: I think I'll have to look at the chart!"
So saying he walked swiftly to the charthouse.
The commander happened to meet us on the fore and aft bridge and
civilly saluted.
"Captain Thornton," said the admiral, "will you be good enough to
show me our present position on the chart?"
The commdiider, slightly surprised at this request, led the way into
the charthouse. where a chart lay spread open on the desk, and pointed
out our position with a pair of compasses.
The admiral suddenly became very grave.
"Lend me your compasses, " he said.
Taking them, he rapidly measured the exact distance between the
point the 'commander had Indicated and the island of Imbros. It was 150
milos. and T suddenly understood the admiral's discomposure.
"Thornton." he said, nervously, cutting his words off short and sharp
like so many pistol shots, as was his'wont, "what's the utmost speed you
can knock out of the Imogene?"
"H'm— well, fourteen knots, sir, at a pinch."
"The utmost— la that the very utmost she can do— even under forced
draft?"
"We might just possibly Ret a trifle more. sir. but I doubt it— in fact,
sir, fourteen knots la more than I've ever got out of her."
"Good Lord!" cried the admiral. "Harley, we shall ruin everything!
We can't get down to the -fleet in time! Who would ever have imagined
that one couldn't get more than fourteen knots out of a blessed shtp like
this? What the deuce is to be done?" ■ •
"But. sir," said th» commander, not quite liking the admiral to speak
thus disparagingly of hfi vessel.. "I don't quite understand— "
"Look here, sir." interrupted the old admiral, thoroughly exasperated.
"Listen to me. and by Jove, you jolly well will soon 'understand. We are
150 miles, from the fleet, which is a good twelve or thirteen hours' run. as
matters stand. I must be with the fleet by daybreak te-morrow, for If war
Js not declared even now it will be by then, and now I find that this wretch
of a dispatch boat can't do )t. and that I've been ass enough to forget
such i vital consideration as the speed of the ship which is to take me
back to my squsdron. But pet there T will, somehow or other. Look here,
Harley. can't you think of anything? Don't stand there In that irri
tating- tfay— for goodness' sake say something!"
"■Well, sir." I replied. "T haven t got plans all cut and dried at a mo
ment's notice, but I'll set my wit? to work. Never fear, we'll find some
way of getting out of this pnrticularly awkward holp."
"H'm." said he. "Spa here, something's got to be done. Harley. In the
meanwhile. r'antain Thornton, keep her up to the very utmost you can
ppt out of her." We'll go and smoke a cipar. Harley, and see if we can't
think out some way of prettlnpr through all right."
And top-ether we descended to the quarter deck again.
We walked up and down for some time dismissing all sorts of more or
less feasible plan?. Th°re was another obstacle, too, that we had over
looked, a most serious one
"Let me se<»." said th» admiral. "Sunset Is at 6 p. m., worse luck.
And. by Jove, now that I come to think of it, we shan't he able to get
THE SAH JFKA^TCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
through after sunset. What a confounded nuisance. They won i airow
any vessel to go through, you know, between sunset and sunrise, wnai
on earth is to be done? We can't run the gauntlet of the forts in tns
Jimcrack concern, that's certain. They fire at you, you know, it >ou at
ternm to run through." M . „ _. _ .„.,
As he spoke we turned and I caught sight of our signalman, who haa
come aft to clip the ensign to some passing vessel. Looking to see what
vessel we were saluting. I saw it was a small steamer flying the red flag
of Turkey. At that instant a brilliant idea seized me.
"Do you see that flag, sir?" said I to the admiral.
"Yes." he said, dryly* "I certainly see it. It's the Turkish flag. But
what that has to do with the matter we're discussing I must confess I
don .'. t^? c u 1 1 1 te sl s r e^'i responded, "that flag has Just informed mo of a way to
get "Th°e US d h euce e Tha^he" cried. "How ever I. that grin* to get us
through?"
"Well, sir, it suddenly struck me that, although no other vessels are
allowed through the Dardanelles after sunset, Turkish men-of-war are.
"Harley you don't for an instant think I'm going to sail under that
vile rag do you? No, sir; I've never sailed under false colors as yet and
I'm not going to begin now, that's very certain," he added, with a toucn
° £ •/Bui sir. TV? not" even hinted at your doing so in the least Nothing
could be further from my. mind. Besides, sir," 1 added, maliciously en
joying his bewilderment now that I hal found a way out of our difficulty,
"vessels don't fly their colors after sunset."
•'Well, then, how on earth do you propose— «'.-«•» . •/•V-V •
"This is mv idea, sir. It's a rather risky thing to do— in fact, perhaps
you won't relish doing it at all"— I knew the grim old seadog. would,
though— "but I think we can get through with it all the same. .
. "Out with it, man; don't hang in the wind any longer. If it 11. get me
through I'Jl do anything— so long as it's not dishonorable." , .; q -V
"Do you remember, sir; that when we passed Chanak-Kalesi yesterday
there were some Turkish torpedo boats lying at anchor under convoy or
a sloop?" • ■ . '■*.-', ■
, "Yes." said the admiral, as mystified as ever. '. * , t v,
"Well I propose to get you aboard one of those boats by stealth, sur- ,
prise the officers— they only -carry one cr two at the utmost— and compel
them at the point of the sword— or. to be literal, at the muzzle of our
AVebley revolvers— to take us down to Imbros. The boats can do an easy
twenty knots an hour, and we shall get there beautifully in time. .<
"Harlev. you're a perfect genius," cried the now delighted^ admiral.
"That's grand." he said. "That's one of the best things I've heard for
many a day. It's glorious. But I must say, it'll want some doing.- It s a
rather big "order, and a Jolly risky thing to boot. ' If we were not on the _
eve of war with Turkey I don't kno.w that I'd be justified in doing it. But ,
as war is only a matter of hours— how do you propose to get aboard? ..
"We'll get down the Dardanelles as far as we can in this packet, sir.
and then drop anchor to avoid any unnecessary civilities from the. forts,
and wait till it's pitch dark. Then lower a cutter and take, say, six picked
men -with us quickly drop down with the current to the nearest torpedo '
boat, board her secretly, surprise the; officers before they can say Jack
Robinson,' and the thins is done." ■ -C- r • -'-.-.■ ,:. 7 - '...,.■ . ' • ..; *"
"That will do splendidly," he cried-- _" V. -■.
"All we have to do is to be very careful not to fire a shot, and to com
pel the boat's own officers to navigate her, and make her number to the
forts as we pass, anff. voila tout." . ■ . •* "■ ''■it' "'"i*'-" 
He at once sought the commander and gave him particulars or our
plan. The first thing to do was to pick out a suitable boat's crew to take
with" us We did not want many men. but those we did take would have
to be as true as steel, and as the commander naturally, knew his ship
company better than we did, we allowed him to choose. our, men.
■ Eventually ten were selected, six to go with us. the other four to take
the cutter back to the Imogene. for we desired to leave no trace of our
exploit in the shape of a drifting man-of-war's boat, which might tell awk
wfl rd tslos ' ■ * -■ ■ • . .■» ■•■_ -■ ••t _^ ■ . ■ .■ . ■?*- ,•*'"' ■■
And a fine, brawny .set of fellows they looked as they stood in the ,
deck saloon facing the old admiral, caps. in hand, in truly characteristic .
sailor fashion. Briefly he explained to them what they were about to do.
"Now my lads " he concluded, "it's a dangerous game we re going to
play but it's for the sake of the old flag, and I'm sure every one of you
will do his utmost. I'll look to it that you don't lose by your adventure,
and that you pet proper recompense. Is there any one who does not quit*
care to iro with us?" . ' , • . "-■*■'• ' ■'•' ' ' , '
A gurgle of respectfully suppressed merriment ran through the group 1
at his last remark. As If these British tars would not board even a dozen
Turkish vessels at their beloved old admiral's behest!
And then, in response to several nudges and whispers, a racy looking
petty officer whose round, clean-shaven face was crossed by innumerable
tiny' wrinkles of good humor, took a couple of paces forward, and sheep- •
ishl.- finsrering his can said: • . / '  .' :
"Rper.kin' on behalf of meself and me shipmates ere. sir, I begs to say
it won't be our fault If you don't get through, sir. We'll see that you get
to the fleet in time, sir, if there ain't a soul of us left alive to see you do
"That's the style, lads!" cried the admiral, rubbing his hands glee
fully. "And now go and take a glass of grog each from the steward, and
get ready for the fun to-night." . .;•/'•'■,;
. ■-■' '"■,■■' - ' ITT. .-'"«";• ;< -■ - V- r*i f >^|
At 6 p m we had again passed Gallipoll. and the sun was .lust begin
ning to Fink in the west. We dined at 6:30. and intended dropping anchor
about eight or ten miles north of Chanak-Kalesi. No sooner, had we dined
than we were on deck, making our final preparations, and anxiously await
ing the time of action. When the sun had finally disappeared we stopped
engines. But before the rattle of our cable through the hawseholes had
time to break upon the hot. still air, there came a fat puff of white smoke .
from a battery on the Asiatic side, and a shot plunged down into the water
unpleasantly close to 01 bows. •
"All right, you beggars!" said the commander, you wont want to
waste any more arnmunitim on this packet to-night."
Even as he spoke our port anchor -dropped with a great splash, the
engines went full speed astern, and we came to. a dead "stop right under
the shadow r-f the f'->u. ... .-'■"■
At S:3(Mt was pitch dark; the very night for such an enterprise, moon
and stars alike shrouded behind a thick gray mask of cloud, while there
was practically no wind, and hardly a ripple on the water. We came on
deck and mustered our little party, while the cutter was bein;? silently
lowered. Eaoh carried a service revolver, loaded in all its chambers, and
while the admiral and myself carried the usual service sword, our men
had all of them bare cutlasses. ■ o?v - .
Thus equipped we took our places in the boat, and with "Good luck
and God speed to you!" from the commander, shoved off into the black
and silent nl^ht. ;? I, ' i -' ? " ;  „ „ ' ■ -'
I took the tiller, and for some time we preserved a dead silence, all our
thoughts, all our energies, concentrated on one objet, determined to carry
out our project or yield our lives in the attempt. •
Then the admiral, unable to bear the tension any longer, whispered
to me: ■. -■■■=*■■%<•' ..-.-•;.■■;, >'■> ■:■.-■.•:-.
"Harley. can you see her light ahead?" ■- -\. :■}.■'• ' \/".-"
"Aye. aye. sir." T answered, in a voice hoarse and thick with sup
pressed excitement: "I'm making dead for her stern." .. • - .
"Hope they don't keen a very sharp lookout." was his next remark.
"Don't suppose the beggars do. Fir," I answered. "They're awfully
lax in those matters, you know. sir, the Turks." . . .
We were moving swlftlv by this time, and had left the twinkling lights
of the Imogene a good distance in our rear. . • ■-, ■
Straight ahead lay a, torpedo boat, shrouded in a veil of impenetrable
blackness, where a solitary anchor light for'ard betrayed her pres
ence. Before leaving the Tmogene I had told each man exactly what to do.
"Use cold steel. lads." I had snid, "and remember that all our lives depend
upon silence andnuick action." - .
Gradually we drew near the low round stern of the boat, till we were
almost in her shadow dead astern. • .
"Way enough!" I whispered, and ten oars swung silently skyward as
one.' . ' .-■ ' ■ * , '. ■ . ■ ■ 9 - ' '• . ' ~ • ■
"Boat your oars! r * . ,"-•..
The two boatmen, each with a boathook, stood by to hang on while we
clambered up over the torpedo' boat's stern, and the next Instant we were
alongside. i;'-...'''.- ' •"■'..:,■".■: -:'-.•- .;- .
The admiral sprang out with an agility wonderful in a man of his
years, climbing swiftly and silently up the low stern and on to the Kamp
tulicon covered deck. , ___
I followed, and in a few seconds all eight of us had silently gained our
positions. •
Not a soul showed on her upper deck, and it was almost pitcn ad,r»,
except where the fc-tay light for'ard cast a sickly and uncertain nicker on
her bows, and a faint glow just showed us the position of the main decK
hatch amidships. , oflnW
Four of our men who were to go forward crouched low in trie snauuw
of the after hatch cover, while two others, loosing their cutlasses, preparea
to follow the admiral and myself down into the dog's hole of a cabin wnicn
did duty as the officers' quarters. '■ . .
"Now!" whispered the admiral, and he dropped bodily down the hatcn
way — a mere manhole just large enough to admit one- person at a time
Into the space below. .
It was a tiny rectangular cabin, with cushioned lockers, and a ami ana
dirty oil lamp giving an uncertain light.
Stretched out on the cushions were two Turkish officers, one already
fast asleep; the other rubbing his eyes and yawning as one who antici
pates a hearty nap. ■
We were on them instantly, just as the two sailors who followed us
dropped down the hatchway. ■ .
"If you speak a single word you're a dead man!" I fiercely whispered
In French' to the man who was still awake, giving my revolver an om
inous click, and holding the barrel to his temple.
The admiral had awakened the other, and gone through the same
performance, while our two sturdy blue-jackets, cutlass in hand, stood
blocking up the entrance.
"What— what is the meaning of this farce?" asked the admiral s pris
oner, when he had somewhat recovered from his first surprise. ' My gen
tleman was not as yet capable of speech.
"It mean's, sir," said the admiral, watching the effect of his words
closely, "that you are prisonprs. and that we are' desperate men, who
are not afraid to stick at anything to attain our object." He spoke French
well and fluently, and there was not a trace of the nervous trepidation
he had displayed in the cutter.
"Prisoners?" said the Turk. "Prisoners— who and what are you to
take us prisoners?"' . ..• ?'■■! -. ..
"Who and what are we does not concern you, answered the admiral.
"We require you to do us a service, a slight enough thing, and in return
for its performance you shall go scot-free, and it will not be our fault
if the affair is not kept perfectly secret. One thing I can assure you:
we are honorable men. and are not flying from justice, or about to com
• mlt any crime. But political circumstances demand that we get through
the Dardanelles to-night, and you must do it for us."
Not a word from either Turk.
-If you wi.l give -•■W^^.^^Ste
Ir^your J^ns^^S^th^Te^^on ami." he continued, releasing
his man. S it over there.' both of you "he id, Indicating the locker far
"Now, sit over there both ofjou, ne b * n ' what Kls we a sk of
thest away from the hatch. Ana 1 Xj/at a certain island near the
you. The British fleet is lying at u a "^°rstand that? I must _ you un 
mouth of the .Dardanelles. Do you unae «£ , g . - I want you to get
derstand. must-get to the fleet bj_eany' us down through the Darda
your boat under way now at ""^^yiLts as you pass. But beware how
belles, making your number to * he 0 "* 8^ V m mean death. Once you
you attempt to arouse + tneir suspi^on*.. "Vat perfect liberty. You. of
E^R^™j gt 1° i s crte rtd S t°h f at n noU o SS
that anything has occurred so >.«" risk in rg rf ing up from
He was suddenly cut short by the v xtlngulshln g the lamp.
his seat, and. with a swinging Vfoii n wed he sprang -at me. and in an
Then in the sudden darkness that followed he spra X gQ sudden was
I. realized - what had
° CC Do r I went across a locker, and I felt his fingers close like a visa
upon my thr pat.'^' t not. lest the report should arouse the crew; and,
■Use my 'pistol I dared not, 'esttne report sno"' the boat, ar.l
besides/ we dH want our_ men dead but alive,^sy struggled for a
so -with" my r^ht hand -tear lng at^his t he fellSw dropped
fine-built man, but he was quite po-werie^a in^« h * ad made to turri
ine^blef Is^o^h^U^/^was'^m^ apology for a man, without
an ounce^of tight in him. ■ .^ou^-on the game." The odds wer«
too great. Allah is *U^ be done . » o^ speak for „,„ as w<
a C so P co d nv]^.3£ere^ t^agm.r.V.a.d^Noj.
messieurs, will j -ou ha\e tne » oot " you know. . Put her to it at run
once? I , ha , v *nnTto thTf^rt that vSS kre about to patrol the Dardanelles
o r 8 e ome?Wng^whir^ f w^ll-b a ut>emember we are behind you with our
l°o r a«»s. and^l pj&UL ™ you my promise
now ; "/i\ front nf u<t they climbed' up on deck.' The admiral remained
. . And in front o£ us tne> c^ "^ forward wlth» the , other, , who gave
aft with his P nso " e^;_ ',"_ incr men and weigh anchor. Presently th»
the order to rouse his sleep ngmen ana and slowly busied them
?S™ 5 ??e?a£to" lO t™ geUing HP the anchor. And a few moments later
a^thit moment a light figh up on the black rocks above us began to
a^thit momlnt a light high up on the black rocks above us began to
' I? Whaf"s that?" I asked excitedly. "Speak the truth, for If you play
• US U re dl^king who we are,", he said. "I will make our number.
and H?^W a th k% SeC a m d a^ght on the bridge began to flash familiarly
in do^lnd hashes' Evidently his reply was satisfactory, for no further
;«SHi? 0 ra n f?er 8 « iaissd^^piffw
toxt^r iMntol in hand I never for a moment relaxed my vigilance, and
•.•I*?* black bank of clouds, anfl flooding- the high shore- on either hand
with its brilliant and ethereal radiance. 1 was just wondering how much
longer this strange voyage was to last, when my silent companion— he
had not spoken a single word the whole pointed with his left hand
ahead. . , . »
There I could see the open waters of the Aegean Sea, I drew a deep
breath of relief and looked at my watch. It was 4 o'clock, and the situa
tion was saved. We were through the Dardanelles. v- •> n
• As we swiftly glided out past the southwestern extremity, flay was
rose-colored*^! break> and sea and sky were faintly suffused with lovely
1 turned to the Turkish officer.
'Sir." I said, "you have performed your part admirably. Allow mi to
relieve you at the wheel for the remainder of the journey."
■.-■ He made no sign to indicate that he heard me, but continued calmly
.gazing -ahead of him at .the rapidly rising sun.
will* - "'■' 1 cried . to one of our men, "come up and take the -wheel,
will you?
i ./, Aye ' ay _ c - sir! " came cheerily from below, as he sprang up the tiny
ladder to where we stood. . .
The Turk silently . released the wheel, and then, with a glance at
me he suddenly left the conning-tower, and walked aft. '
;i ♦ sa y h m , g0 down into the after compartment, and a few seconds
later the admiral, came up on deck, looking as hearty as ever, 'and as
It he ha: enjoyed . a thorough night's rest, instead of a weary night in
a Ftuffy little sardine box of a torpedo-boat. -~ •
~, '' T . hey ' ve aE l ked , ie to leave them together for a little while, as they
wish to proceed with their devotions," he said. ,
"Hopethey won't get 'up, to ■ any mischief, sir," said I. '
said the d t j link they're likely to do anything now that we're through,"
Baio the admiral. ' . - . .-■ • .• ■-.
We were still about twenty miles from the fleet,, and thus we could
easily get to the ship within two hours, which would just enable us to
get under way at the appointed time.' • -Z
i. ." h j le . we ■ were discussing the probable turn events would take— we
m ad , <°L course, decided that by this time war was already declared— the
1 urkish lieutenant came on deck. aryl walked forward to where we stood.
. M sieu, he said, addressing the admiral, "you are satisfied that I
have now done all I was- in honor bound to do for you? • And m'sieu is
also quite satisfied: that I could not help myself; that I did all that lay
in my power to prevent your capturing my vessel— that until I was over
powered^ and forced to agree to your proposal "  ;
"Sir." said the admiral, gravely, "you behaved as a brave man, and
we honor you accordingly. You made the utmost resistance possible un
der the circumstances, but we were four to two, and you could hardly i
hope to overpower us." • ' ' • • - . , \ » ' J^
'"Then, what has occurred is not disgraceful to me at least, m'sieu." "■■
he added, quickly, "at least, not in your eyes. And my contract is now
fulfilled?". - . -, . . :-.-■*..■■
"Perfectly," said the admiral. "Au reate, if.it should ever become
. Continued on Page Twenty-Four.I LT. SCHLEY,
Son of Admiral Schlev.
Incidentally He Describe; the Way the Soldiers Live in Manila and Several Singular Adventures.
] "— \DITOR SUNDAY CALL,: It 1b very
Heasy to see now that all thai has
been hitherto published about the
slippery character of Aguinaldo is
- — •» more than true, and unless every
surface Indication fails the insur
gents will smell American powder and
feel American steel before this letter sees
the light. There is not an officer In camp
who does not believe thai the present
< ;ilm is a mere wait, and that at an op
portune moment .he Filipinos will
brfeak loose and attack the city. There
in he but one result of the impending
engagement— the Filipinos will be literal
ly swept off the face of the earth. They
have been secretly getting in a quantity
of arms and their agents are everywhere
about the city, and, I am informed, are
met throughout the adjacent islands. In
every rase they are looking for trouble
and are filling the minds of the iess well
informed than themselves with all sorts
of disquieting stories. 1 cannot help
thinking what a surprise party the in-
Hurgents will run into when our boys open
up on them.
Some of their arms are thoroughly
modern, but many of their "cannons" are
curious looking pieces, and I had rather
be in front than behind them. Fancy a
"pun" made of three-inch gas pipe and
stiffened with sectional pieces of hard
wood, hild together with strips of steel
or Iron! And yet these guns killed, in
the hands of the insurgents, quitr a num
ber of Spaniards. This particular type of
WRITES ABOUT THE FILIPINO AND
HIS VERY CURIOUS WAYS.
fettdden destruction is mounted on a four
wheel cart, made entirely of wood, and
it looks about as graceful as a bear in a
balloon.
The rumor that we are to be attacked
has been persistent, and the signal was
to be the lighting of fires about the city.
The ether night I was In the city quite
late, and, as I drove homeward, sure
enough a fire flamed up in Malate. To the
excited minds of the Spaniards the insur
gents wore charging down upon the
pates. Just at the moment the fire wu
observed I was passing a Spanish ciuu.
and was amazed to see the inmates pour
ing out through doors and windows, yell
ing at the top of their lungs. "Cochero."
"Cochero." Hatless and without coats,
they swarmed into the rickety, tumble
down coaches.
Seizing the opportunity for a little fun,
T stood up in my cab. waved my sword
and shrieked: "Insurrectos:" "Fuego!"
meantime urging my frightened driver to
flee for life. The mad rush of twenty
hacks and forty horses dashing through
the streets, to the accompaniment of a
hundred howling men, discounted Ben
Hur's chariot race. Windows were
thrown up on every side and the shrill
treble of the women's voices was added
to the deafening din. At overy jump the
cowardly Spaniards imagined they felt
the prick of Apuinaldo's saber.
About the only amusement is driving.
We have several theaters here but no
actors, and as for mixing with the native
Spanish, it is out of the question. The
drive is on the Paseo do Lunetta. a really
pretty avenue sweeping along the water
front just outside the fortifications.
Fashion— for we do have fashion in
Manila— makes the proper hour for driv
ing from 5 to 7 o'clock in the evening, and
between these hours there is a constant
stream of carriages and pedestrians prom
enailng along the avenue.
The rainy season is about over, and
bright, sunny days, with occasional
showers in the afternoon, are the rule.
Warm hardly expresses the weather. We
feel that it is quite fresh and chilly when
the thermometer gets down to 75 degree.
Anywhere from S5 degrees tip is the usual
thing. I notice that the climate is es
pecially hard on women and children, and
the air is sure death to the soft and
blooming complexions I remember to have
eeen in San Francisco. Our own regiment
—the Twenty-third Infantry— is fast be
coming seasoned, for the most of us
served a rugge* apprenticeship in Ari
zona. We have neither yellow fever nor
cholera, but there Is undoubtedly danger
from smallpox unless the greatest precau
tions are taken.
Nothing I ever saw before ranks -with
the Filipino. He looks a mixture of Chi
nese, negro and monkey. The men aver
age a shade under five feet in height, and
their women are certainly the ugliest lot
of humanity on earth. In color they run
all the way from cheese to ebony, from
the palest bleached-out yellow to solid
chocolate. Once in a great while you see
one, rear view, that looks rather attrac
tive — pretty head, graceful shoulders; but
when the subject of your admiration
faces you the charm is rudely broken.
They have the tendency to adipose that
seems inseparable from female life in the
tropics, and at 21 they are about the same
height lying down as they are standing
erect.
The usual time of marriage is 15 years.
The young women have rather graceful
figures and are usually clothed in a sin
gle garment. Milliners are unknown to
the Filipino maiden, and her hair is coiled
tightly about her head and held by a pin
or some similar ornament. When a young
man wants to marry her he has to go into
a period of servitude to her father.
The Spanish ladies or half-castes — mes
tizos — are often good-looking, but as a
class they are a dead failure for beauty.
They have no favors to bestow on Los
Americanos; they stare ungraciously at
the bluecoats. and seem to regard us as
closely related to His Satanic Majesty.
We do not lack for literature— such as
.it is. There are already two American
dailies published here— the American an-1
the Times. There are three weeklies— the
Manila Outpost, Uncle Sam and the Amer
ican Soldier. In addition, there are live
dailies published in Spanish. I send you
an extract from the Times which may be
of interest to Call readers who are anx
ious to visit this country for commercial
purposes:
Now that President McKlnley has
concluded to permanently retain
the Philippines, many citizens of
the United States, men of all
classes, capitalists, manufacturers,
professional and laboring men, will
think of coming here to speculate
and better their fortunes, would it
not be wise to sound a warning
against undue haste.
This city is not ready to accom
modate a large or even a moderate
Influx of strangers at the present
time.
While it Is true that as soon as
everything Is straightened as to the
policy of local and territorial gov
ernment, there will be ample room
fo"r American capital and brains
there Is as yet nothing definitely
settled, and no one should think of
coming here, unless provided with
capital enough to live for at least^
three months. There is room here*
for factories of all kinds, but the
most pressing need of this city at
the present time is a good large
American hotel and rooming and
boarding houses, and men with suf
ficient capital can find good-pay
ing investment by building or buy-
Ing even now.
"Havana could not have rivaled Manila
in filth when Admiral Dewey rtiartled the
Bleeping Spaniards on the first morning
of last May; but it is being rapidly
cleaned up and will In time be In a fairly
good sanitary condition.
T. FRANKLIN SCHLET,
First Lieutenant Twenty-third United
States Infantry.
Manila, December 22, 1898.
KINETOSCOPE ;
Cake Walking Children
At the Orpheum.
THERE are two precocious young
sters dancing and singing and per
sonating for the Orpheum audiences.
They are Carter de Haven and Bon
nie Maie. They are both Just 1J
years of age and so different that
one cannot say which is better. Bonnie
is a little personlficator of grace in the
cake walk, a perfect reproduction from a
Louisiana plantation. Behind all her
sweetness and genius Bonnie has a sad
little tale, one told only too often in city
life. Mrs. de Haven said the other day:
"I found her playing in Chicago two
years ago. She had no one to manage
her, but still the child picked up a living
and had done so for three years. You
tell about It, Bonnie."
"I used to be in an orphan asylum. My
father went away and my mother could
not take care of me. My sister was an
actress, and she took me away when I
was 7 and taught me to dance and go on
the stage. Then she married and didn't
want me no more.
"I got along though. I was not all the
time down on my luck. Then Auntlr de
Haven and Carter came. I was outside
the theater door and they didn't w.-int
me any more and it was winter and
auntie "let me in. and I guess she liked
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
me a little, and so did Carter, and I
danced for her and I did want her to lot
me go with her. Then she went to St.
J-.ouis and I was down on my luck. I
wrote a letter and I said I would be good
and not bother and would learn anything:
she wanted il she would only let me go
with her. So she sent me money and I
Worries and Triumphs of the Six Days' Bicycle Contest
How I Won the Race. $
By Champion Miller. 4
NO, this is not the hp.ppiest day in
my life. You see, I haven't won
as big- a prize a? I <lid at the New
York race in December. I won the
best prise there that any man ever
gamed — my wife.
But all tho same I'm fueling very happy.
For aside from my own disappointment" it
would have been an awful blow to Mrs.
Miller if I had lost. She just thinks I can
beat anybody and everybody.
There is one thing I want to say, and I
mean it: 1 never felt so well after a six
day race in my life. My hands and ankles
bother me very slightly, but aside from
that I feel ready to meet all comers.
Usually I'm pretty well done up for a
week or two after a race. The reason I
am in such good condition this time Is
that the track we rode on here is the
best that was ever laid down for this
sort of thing.
My trainer. Mr. West, didn't let me do
any hard work for a week before the
race. No one can ever convince me that
that is not the best way to train. The
reason that Gimm broke down was that
he worked like a slave up to the very last
mlnu,te. I kept telling hfm to stop: that
he was a fool. But he wouldn't listen.
The day before the race I never even
left the hotel. I stayed in bed all day
Ghampion Miller and His Bride.
From a photograph taken after the recent six-day bicycle contest In New York, at which time they were married.
long, and though I couldn't sleep a wink
I rested. It's queer that though I never
get excited before a race, still I can't
Bleep just before it.
I had Just one hallucination during t'hls
race. I kept imagining that I was riding
up and down, up and down hills— and
sand hills, at that.
As soon as I took a minute's rest I knew
that it was a "daffy" idea, but back on
my wheel those same hills would pile up
before me and up and down them I would
go.
I rode my first six-day race at Chicago
in 1897 and came in second. My wife was
at that race but I didn't even know her
by sight then. She says she fell in love
with my riding, not me. A man in a six
day race is not much to look at.
Of course this has been a very profit
able business I for me. There is a good
deal more in it than Just the prize money
—salary from the wheel you ride, etc. To
win a six-day race means about $5000 for
roe. ■■■'■ ■■■-'•:.:':
I haven't really lost a pound In actual
weight from this last six-day race. * My
face is a little drawn and haggard and
that gives the impression that I have lost
weight. Even that thinness will disappear
in a day or two. . ■-'.-  . . '
I have been riding Just about five years,
and as I am only 24 I guess I am good for
some years on the track. As long as
there 1b money In It I Intend to stay with
it.
My wife is a very good amateur rider
and she has wonderful powers of endur
ance. The first day when we were in
troduced in Garfleld Park she rode tan
dem with ibp and guided.
I knew that any girl who could guide a
tandem like that was the woman to steer
me through life.
We've been riding tandem now stnc©
went. Oh. I am bo perfectly happy now.
always enough to eat and no worry. I
think worrying is a trouble, don't you?
It makes your feet feel so heavy. It did
not take me long when she wrote I might
come."
"No," Carter added, "I just made up
my mind that- I wanted Bonnie to act
with me and we sent her the money, and
before we thought she could h>ve got it
there was a knock one morning and there
xva3 Bonnie and her Itttle bundle, and" we
had breakfast all together. She's a nice
girl' is Bonnie, and I think we will always
act together like Nat Goodwin and Max
ine Elliott."
Mrs. de Haven laughed and said: "Bon
nie is not satisfied to be Maxine Elliott;
she wants to be Ellen Terry Sarah Bern
hart. She is Sarah Bernhart this morning.
Come Into the other room and I will show
you They play stage and theater with
the!" dolls. They are crazy about the
Why I Married the Winner.
By Mrs. Champion Miller.
•December 10 and I still think so, and
never expect to change my opinion.
• • * * '* ■
IT is true that ' I married Charlie
" Miller just before the finish of the
six-day bicycle race in New York
City last December. You have no
idea how many people ask me about
it and -teem to think that it was such
a wonderful thing for a girl to do.
Well, I don't think it was. Any giri
would do as much for the man she loved.
v/ould.n't shr? So when, on the fifth day
<tf the race. Charlie asked me whether
I would be willing to marry him on the
morrow before nil those people, I said
yes.
You see, the management knew that we
were engaged and they talked Charlie
into being marrkd at the close of the race
for the advertisement of their show and
it jammed the place with curious people.
All the managers in the world couldn't
have persuaded me, though. But when
Charlie asked me I just said yes, tele
graphed to my mother and went out to
bur my wedding gown.
When T went to New York to see Char-
He in the race I hadn't the slightest idea
that we would marry for months to come.
1 had planned to have a pretty little wed
ding at home in Chicago, with all my
dear friends around me.
I simply went to New York to see Char
lie win the race, for, of course, I knew
he would win. I stayed beside the race
track day and night, until I was almost
worn out with watching. Charlie always
wears a button with, our heads photo
graphed on it. Well, I used to watch
that button spin round and round the
track until I was dizzy.
I really enjoyed it, though, for I was
so sure he would win, and I met so many
lovely, kind people. Then I liked to hear
the crowd cheer him. It just made me
love all those people, not one of whom I
knew, to hear them sing his praises. All
the crack bicycle men were there and I
became fast friends with them and their
wives. •
It was on Friday afternoon that the
management first spoke to me of marry
ing Charlie right there before the crowd.
The race was to end Saturday evening,
but he was already so far ahead that
there was no doubt that he would win.
Of course I thought it was a crazy idea.
Imagine any girl of 18 being willing to
marry a man before all those strangers
and in such a strange piace as the track
of a six-day bicycle contest. I thought
they must have all gone crazy.
•But Charlie got off his wheel for a mo
ment and I went down to talk to him.
"Please. Genevieve," was all h« said.
He looked so haggard and so anxious
that if he had asked me to climb the
mountains in the moon I would hay*
tried.
"I'll do It if you wish," was what I an
swered, and he remounted his wheel.
I telegraphed to my mother to come at
once on the lightning express. The man
agement announced that we Would be
married at 4 o'clock on Saturday after
noon. Then I went back to the hotel with
Mrs. Schfnneer, the wife of Fred Schin-
theater. You would think they would get
tired of it." The children had rigged up a
theater and stage and the dolls were tn«
audience.
"When we travel we take two sections,
and one section is a playhouse for them.
They arc on the road so much we make
the cirs just like home," said Mrs. de
Haven.
"And you like it?" imnM t
"Why, of course," put in Carter. 'Did
you see my clothes? They are all made
by the Prince of Wales 1 tailor, see.
He opened a bureau drawer and showed
me a neat pile of satin vests and ties ana
a black satin suit, all as orderly as any
old bachelor's.
"Bonnie, here are your blue slippers.
Now how do you expect to keep anything
nice? Bonnie is so careless about her
things. She doesn't care a straw. Bon
nie snatched up the offending slippers,
laughing and brushed them.
neer. the crack cyclist.
We talked over the plans for getting
ready for such a quick wedding. It
seemed as if they had turned the six-day
bicycle contest Into a wedding-in-twelve
hour contest.
It was just a little after 4 when we
drove up. Mamma was with me, she
dashing in on the lightning express just
in time. Mrs. Schinneer was my brides
maid, and Arthur Gardiner, the champion
short-distance rider, was our best man.
The streets were crowded with people,
who were waiting to get a glimpse of us
when we got out of the carriage.
The manager met us at the door and
gave me the loveliest bridal bouquet that
any girl ever carried. Not even the
Duchess of Marlborough could have had
a prettier <sne.
AH the racers had stopped long enough
to get washed and shaved. Charlie joined
us at the door and then I wasn't a bit
nervous. I didn't see one of all those
thousands of people. I just knew that
Charlie was there and that we were going
to be married.
While I was dressing they had carpeted
the aisles and we walke.d into our box
to the most beautiful wedding march you
ever heard. All the people stood with
uncovered heads while the Alderman mar-
rled us.
It was just as solemn and sweet and
sacred to me as though we had been mar
ried in a church. And the "I will" meant
just as much to us and I am sure all
those people wished us happiness as sin
cerely as our dear friends at home.
When it was over every cycler there
wanted to kiss the bride. The six-day
racers had their turn first, because the
time they had agreed to lay off was al
most over and they were in a rush to
get back to their wheels on the track. I
don't suppose there was ever another '
bride on this earth before who was kissed
by all the champoin wheelmen in the '
world.
The minute the kissing was over Char- '
lie and the rest of them rushed back to ,
their wheels and began spinning around ■
the track again.
We stayed a few minutes and every J
beam and rafter in tho place shook with ,
the cheers and congratulations of the .
crowd. Then we drove off to a wedding •
dinner, for it was after 5 o'clock.
Just Imagine a wedding banquet with- ',
out the gToom! There T was, responding to .
their toasts, while Charlie was riding •
round and round the track, winning glory -
and the first prize.
But it had all been so novel and strange
that I was getting used to the unusual. \
After dinner we went back to the race, ■
And when it was over it was not Gene- •
vleve Hanson who kissed the victor, but <
Genevleve Miller. Then we all went to a "
second and happier wedding banqi'.et, for <
the groom was there. "j
People brgged me for a leaf or flower *
from the bridal bouquet, for they wanted <
a token of the wedding. Every one said i
It was the most unique marriage that ever <
happened. j
Well, perhaps it was, hut it made two (
people just as happy as they can be and "
that's Charlie and me. I
KHSTETOSOOFEi
OF 1
LITTLE r>eH^y^33ST AND MADE
In Tlieir Cake "WaJJsL. ,;
■ ■ . .. . . ■ ■• ■ . > ■ . .■ -■.
2324
WHEN I came to Stanford last
year all I had was twenty
five dollars." •
"Pshaw! that's nothing.
All I had was ten dollars."
"Oh keep quiet. You fellows were
millionaires. When I came last year I
was dead broke. Didn't have a bean in
the world."
And then a silence fell upon the little
group of university students who at
once forgot their discussion of worldly
affairs and turned their attention to the
classics.
"These money matters are not worth
discussing, anyhow," said the man who
had arrived dead broke, as he buried
himself in a well-thumbed volume of
Cicero.
The three students were residents of
■what is known as "the camp" of Stan
ford University, and in one respect
■were exact replicas of' the scores of
others who have their being inside the
little city of whitewashed shacks lo
cated just without the floral-bordered
grounds of the big institution of learn
ing. The camp is one of the most
unique features of Stanford University,
and within its precincts some of the
best students there have their homes.
Almost from the day the gates were
thrown open the cam"p has been a part
of the university life. At first there
were only a few tents, then a couple of
houses. Then the buildings increased
In number until the spot became like
a little city. It was thought that the
limit of the number of students in camp
was reached three years ago as the two
following years showed a marked fall-
Ing off. But this year the number is
nearly double what it ever was before,
a fact for which it would be difficult
to account.
"Are there any rooms to be had in
camp?" I asked a bright, athletic young
man who was hanging out a freshly
laundered sweater On the line to dry.
"Rooms?" he said in surprise, as he
took a couple of clothes pins out of
his mouth. "I should say not."
"But surely there are some accom
modations here?" I said, persistently.
"'Oh, yes, I guess we can find you a
bunk somewhere," my informant re
plied. "But don't come around here
esking for special accommodations, for
there are none. There hasn't been a
vacant room in camp this year and I
am not certain either whether there is
seven room for a bunk or not. Each of
the rooms has four beds and it's pretty
close quarters, in fact it's crowding
things, but perhaps we can. find room
for one more. Are you going to batch
it or feed at the joss house?"
The "joss house," it was explained,
1b the Chinese restaurant within the
precincts of the camp. This, however,
Is patronized more by outsiders, mil
lionaires, the .campites call them, who
think- nothing of paying 10 cents for a
meal. The camp bachelors get their
meals for about 3 cents each.
Not in all the world can the camp
of Stanford University be duplicated.
The poor student who has to "work
blB way through pollege" here finds
[ means to attain his end. A genial cli
mate and an admirable university man
agement makes it possible for a stu
dent to go through college without a
cent to start with. But of course most
of them have small savings with which
to commence the term. This makes it
very much easier, as the student does
not have to take so much time from his
studies in order to earn his living. The
average cost for bed and board in camp
is ?4 a month.
How do they do it?
Easy enough when you know how,
and you don't have to starve or be un
comfortable on the $4, either. One
lone bachelor in camp actually accom
plished the feat of living on $3 one
month, and he stands at the head in
his studies.
To accomplish such a feat in the
science of cheap living every man must
be willing to be his own housekeeper,
cook and washerman. By menus of the
customs and traditions handed down
by the pioneers of "the camp" and his
own observations he soon becomes mas
ter of a system of economy that would
put to shame the practices of. the most
saving New England housewife.
He learns the nutritive values of dif
ferent meats, and it does not take a
course in personal hygiene to teach him
that pork and the meats of fowls are
to be eschewed by poor men who wish
to get a supply of energy at the least
possible cost. Nothing goes to waste,
everything being converted into some
thing or other. Such adepts in the art
of saving are these students that if
they could be induced to turn their
hands to cooking they would be worth
their weight in gold to the proprietors
of a logging camp or lumber mill who.
are compelled to reduce the wages of
their men to even up the waste of the
kitchen.
Now these "campites" haven t any
different ideas on diet than the more
prosperous one in college. They all
have good digestive organs, and there
is not a single nut fiend content to
breakfast on peanuts, lunch on almonds
and dine on walnuts and butternuts or
a vegetarian among them. In short, tney
haven't any new theories on living to
establish. Their menus would be vastly
different if cold necessity was not sit
ting at their elbow when the day's bill
of fare is made out.
Visitors to Palo Alto al' see the
"camp." They are shown the place
where the poorer students live, because
it is a queer settlement to be found in
a big college. But the visitors do not
know how great the sacrifices are that
are made daily. If you told them that
the bright-faced and wide-awake fel
low who had just been entertaining
them was able to reduce his expenses to
$1 per week they would not believe you.
The camp men themselves would not be
likely to enlighten them, for they are
loth to dwell on the question of
finances.
A favored plan among the five score
of hopeful, plucky and determined stu
! dents who are fighting .this battle to
i raise themselves to a higher plane Js
] thp form? tion of small clubs. This
scheme is found advantageous by rea-
S'.p ..f the division of labor that can be
j made, as well as by the reduction of the
expense in the economy of roomg, fuel
I and oil. By taking turns at the work
i and clubbing together time as well as
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., ■ . SUNDAY, FEBBTJART 26, 1899.
WORKING THEIR WAY THROUGH
COLLEGE.
money Is saved, and time is money to
these men, many of whom must not
only keep up in their studies, do their
own work and economize, but earn the
money required for their heeds.
Four is the best number for a club.
There must be a cook and a house
keeper and dishwasher. While they are
doing the work of the other two are
playing the independent student witli
time, in plenty, to spend on their
books. The next week things are re
versed and the men of leisure become
the house drudges.
Every fellow does his own washing.
He must do it on a certain day which
is "hip." for there is only one tub and
washboard .in the "camp." It is the
community property of the "camp"
and was in all probability purchased
when the camp organization was first
effected. The day may soon come when
there will be a camp laundryman as
there is a camp baker.
This last named worthy turns nut
bread as white and light and delicious
as ever came from the must improved
oven. He makes his batch, divides it
into loaves and sells it to his confreres
at enough above cost to pay him for
his extra time and .labor. There is
some talk at present that there may
soon be an opposition bakery.
It was noontime when the "ramp"
was visited. Some of the students
were preparing meals; others were
eating their midday repast. Beans,
potatoes, bread and prunes were
staple articles of diet. In some huts,
however, a greater variety was af
forded.
In speaking to one of the members of
the Owl Club, which organization
probably gets its name from the habits
of its members, who are supposed to
sit up all hours of the night over their
books, burning vast quantities of
midnight oil, a good idea of how the
men themselves regard their life was
obtained.
After Riving; accounts of different
phases of camp life, the young man who
has spent two years in his present
quarters continued: "You see, it is like
this. The fellows do not pretend' to live.
We merely exist while we are here. At
most it is only four years. Few fellows,
however, are compelled to live in the
carrfp throughout their college course.
A raise usually comes along in some
form or another. One gets a lift from
home; another secures a good paying
job doing something about college; a
third may be given some student body
position as business manager or editor
in-chief of one of the college publica
tions. ,
"When this happens then prepara
tions are made .for a move, and when
the next semester opens the fortunate
individual is found esconsed in a com
fortable room in Encina Hall with
money enough in his pocket to eat at
the inn. Scores of fellows have struck
it lucky and after a few semesters of
hard work and privation have been
able to better their mode of living. It
doesn't seem to make much difference
at Stanford if a fellow has worth
whether he has money or not. If he has
the ability the student body will give
him a position to fill, thus enabling
him to get along.
"Graduation comes as a relief to
many of us. We do not dread the 'cold
world' as do many of the students who
have had fat allowances during their
college days. The greater number of
us have worked all our lives. We know
men in general better than tUey do, and
our hard experience In the past makes
us better fitted to meet the disappoint
ments and failures that most graduates
must go through on leaving college to
begin life for themselves.
"Life in the camp," continued the
student, "is not all a hard grind. Much
comes up to vary the. monotony. Many
of the fellows who live here are prom
inent in college activities, particularly
in debating. Not a few of them find
time to do work in athletics as track
men or football players, all of which
goes to show that if their food is plain
it is substantial."
In glancing around the" room a long
row of empty cans attracted my atten
tion. They were fastened to one of the
beams by nails driven through the
opened lids. Some had pictures of
oysters on their face; others had evi
known- to them, surely your Government will see that you acted under
coercion." A singular little smile flitted across the somewhat saturnine
countenance o^^eTm-k.^,,^ Bald, "that at least you feel that I have
not dishonored myself. For -I know you are a great .English admiial
nest cc »as?"-'-the admiral looked surprised— "and will judge the case
entirely on its own merits." and he bowed ceremoniously, and went away
aft "Strange sort of a customer. Harley." said the admiral, when the
Turk had disappeared down the hatchway. "Wonder why he cross
auestioned me like that? One would, think he wanted us for witnesses
at his court-martial. He knows me, loo! Must have seen my portrait
SOm we re 1 ve I) soon to know whj- ■ he was so anxious to 'set himself
right with us In the light, of what followed, it. would seem that he
wfshed to be sure that he had fulfilled his agreement with us, as a salve
to 'his conscience for the deed he was about to commit. .
We were standing forward, near to the conning-tower, and almost
under the break- of the fo'c'sle. leaning against the davits of a Berthon
collapsible boat, of which the torpedo-boat carried two, one forward, the
other aft None of the Turkish crew were on deck; probably they were
all turned in below; and near us stood all our men, conversing in respect
fully lowered urklsh officer came on deck again] and walked along
as far as the funnel casings, where he halted and for a moment curiously
regarded us "Au revolt messieurs," "he. said. "Remember that I have
done all I was bound to do, and have brought you through the Darda
nel The admiral looked Inquiringly at me. "What on earth does he mean
by an revoir?" he said. "Does. he intend " \ __
He was cut short by a pistol-shot, followed by a loud deep report like
a thunder-clap The deck in front seemed to rise bodily at us. followed by
a great column of water, and we were thrown headlong into the sea.
honelesslv entangled, it seemed to me, with the boat against whose davits
we had Just been leaning. The Turk, having kept his faith as far as he
had been required to. had now determined to revenge himself for the
affront we had put upon him, and at the cost of the lives of all on board
had exDloded the torpedo magazine. . *? -•. . '
The sudden force of the explosion for an instant stunned me, but the
Dlunee restored my scattered wits, and I struck out. with the ease of a
practiced swimmer— what naval officer is not?-and found to my joy that
W The U water, e so calm and peaceful a moment before, was now filled with
wreckage and splinters, and the torpedo-boat- itself was rapidly sinking.
It had broken in the center as it were, and both bows and stern were
out of water. All this I noted in an instant but could, see no sign of a
single Turkish sailor— they must have gone. down to their death in their
hammocks-while near. me was the old admiral, wildly; plunging and pant
ing and splashing almost at his last gasp.
A few strokes brought me to his side. •
"The infernal blackguard!" were the first words, : as I reached- him.
"He's blown the boat. up out of spite!" ■• • • - ■■ * ,
Quite near us I noticed the canvas boat— still collapsed— and . several
of our men making for it. If we could get to it and open it we were
safe for the present, if only the explosion had left it intact. I struck
out wildly for the sudden thought of a terrible danger entered my brain
and for a moment, almost unnerved me:* what if there, were some of
the sharks which abound In the Aegean around us? But the next instant
T was myself again, alongside the boat, . working tooth and nail , to get
her afloat. It was still entangled in the davit-falls, but by dint of my
frantic exertions and those of two of our men who had managed to reach
it we eventually got It clear, set it afloat, and clambered in. . .
' The oars and a' boat-hook were stowed away, inside it, and we picked
up the other three men and Allen,- who was supporting himself on a
fragment of the torpedo-boat's wreck.
"Thank God!" fervently ejaculated the admiral, when we were in
safety. "We are all here, are we not? Is any one hurt?"
A rapid examination proved that we had escaped unharmed, save for
a few scratches and bruises, which, miraculous as it may seem to some.
Is easily accounted -for when one bears in -mind the invariable effect .of
dently contained choice canned fruits.
A number were too old to distinguish
from the labels just what particular
luxury had come in them. On inquiry
my Informant told me that they were
souvenirs of past "spreads." Some had
been bought by fellows who had made
"raises." Others had been sent from
home In a Christmas or New Tear's
box.
It Is a custom when a box arrives
from home to have a spread. The re
cipient invites all his friends and the
night is made merry. The spirit of
good-fellowship that exists among the
students of the camp, working along
together as they are fur a common end,
insures a good time. A jest is made of
thbir temporary lack of funds, as they
have good reasons to hope that their'
condition will be improved on the com
pletion of their college course. .
As students the camp men are among
j the best in college. They have an ob
| ject in view and whatever else they
I may neglect their studies are not
slighted. To get as much knowledge
as possible during the years which lead
up to graduation is their ambition and
the end of all their economy. How
so much can be accomplished by them
is a marvel to those who do not know
I the men and the strength of their de
termination.
A vacation is a thing few camp men
ever take. The months of summer are
THE ADMIRAL'S MISADVENTURE.
! opportunities to get a little ahead of I
the game. By canvassing as book j
agents through mining and ■ logging ;
■ camps, or ranching and farming,
: enough is earned to buy their outfits
for the college year, pay their- registra
■ tion and laboratory fees and give them
| a balance with which to provide for
emergencies.
Mistaken Orders.
Jim was "broke." However, he man
aged to reach Vancouver, and, walking
into the headquarters' offices of the
Canadian Pacific, said to the manager in
charge: "I am Jim Wardner, and I am
an old friend of Tom Shaughnessey.
Will you please wire him and tell him
that I am here broke, and want trans
portation to Montreal?"
The manager, somewhat impressed with
Wardner's peculiar presence and address,
telegraphed Mr. Shjuighnessey:
"Man named Jim Wardner, who says he
is an old friend of yours, wants trans
portation to Montreal. Shall I give It to
him?"
Back came the reply: "Don't let Jim
walk."
Wardner at once obtained transporta
tion.and left on the first train for the
East. Arriving at Montreal, he called at
the general offices of the company to see
Mr. Shaughnessey, renew his old ac
quaintance, and thank him for the favor
Continued from Page Twenty-Two.
gun-cotton, with which explosive the torpedo-heads -were charged. They
had, in fact, literally blown the bottom of the torpedo-boat to pieces, but
done little damage else.*
Before we had been in the boat many minutes one— two — three ominous
looking tins made their appearance close at hand, and had we not gained
our point of vantage just in time it would have pone hard with us, with
out doubt. The admiral, although devoutly grateful for our providential
escape, was in no very enviable state of mind.
After all our plotting and planning, he felt it very hard to be thus
frustrated at the eleventh hour; for we could certainly not get to our
destination at the proper time in a tiny canvas rowing-boat.
"We must be a good fifteen miles away," he cried. "I can't get to the
fleet in time! We don't even know the course to steer! If only we had a
compass!" ,
One of our mm, overhearing him, said something in a whisper to
his companion, and I just managed to catch the word "compass."
•'What is it. my man?* I asked. "
"Bill 'ore, sir, sez 'c's got a compass on a watch-chain, sir, If that'd
be of any use." ( .
I jumped at the opportune chance.
"Rather! Hand it over, my man, and let me have a look at it!"
He dive<l into his jumper pocket, and from a miscellaneous collection
of matches, spun yarn, clap pipes, quids of ancient tobacco, and half
a-dozen other articles selected a dingy watch-chain, with a tiny pocket
compass attached.
"Thank goodness!" said the .admiral, for toy though it was, it would
give us our bearings. "Now, men. out oars and pull!"
T\e got the course, and put the boat's head NW. by N. Tired after
a. sleepless night, hungry, sore, wet through to the skin, these truly Brit
ish sons of Neptune had vowed to get their admiral to his fleet in time,
and they set to with such good will that soon we were bowling alone
at four knots an hour. Luckily there was r.o wind, and the water was
as calm as a mill-pond. For a good hour we held on, and then on the
Fky-line astern we caught sight of a long, low streak of black, out of
which gradually grew the masts and hull of some small war-vessel.
\\e derided to signal her, and hoisted one of the men's flannels on the
loom of an oar to attract their attention.
Nearer and nearer came the vessel, and presently a tiny puff of
smoke, followed by a sharp report, told us that she had seen us.
Great Scot! She's a British gunboat, sir!" I cried, recognizing the
Dryad In the now rapidly approaching vessel.
And the Dryad she proved to be. and no sooner had we got aboard
and explained mattetrs than we found that fortune had not altogether
deserted us, after all.
For she was the bearer of new and important orders to Admiral Stan
hope, and it was indeed most fortunate that chance had prevented our
gaining the fleet before. The news she brought was the now historical
departure of Prince George of Greece for Crete, with his flotilla of tor
pedo-boats, in consequence of which the British Government had hastliy
countermanded the orders given the Ambassador, and decided to act with
the powers, for the time being, at all events. Instead of forcing the
Dardanelles we were to at once proceed to Canea, sending a few shtps
to the Piraeus in case of a blockade being decided on there. If the admiral
had got back in time, and opened fire on the Turkish flag, we should
have found ourselves in a very awkward predicament.
How the fleet carried out "the new orders, and with what result, the
world knows. But who shall say what might not have resulted but for
the admiral's misadventure?
•It was related to me by Mr A J. Cox, Chief Torpedo* Instructor, R. JC., now
serving in the Channel Fleet, and who was the only survivor of a party of men
concerned in the explosion on board her Majesty's ship Nile, at Bourdroum, in
the Levant, in June, 1K92 when a join-cotton chargre exploded through carelessness
in fitting a detonator that he was only three or four feet away when the accident
occurred, and that he suffered no in fury beyond being knocked down the ladrler
on which he was standing hy the air concussion— hut, then, he was In an open air
space, while the two men who lost th-lr lives were In a confined space, and thus felt
the full explosive force of the charge. The weaker portions of the ship at that
point were comparatively uninju'-'-.l but the heavy armored door and the nulkhead
ing close by were severely twisted and dented, the explosive, as Is the cane with
most of the nltro-glycerlne compounds, doing the most damage at the points of
greatest resistance.— Gilbert Heron.
rranted. A number of prominent Cana
alan gentlemen were present when Mr.
Wnrdner entered Mr. Shaughnessey's
office with a hearty greeting of his old
friend, whifli was as heartily returned.
"H^lln. Tom; so glad to see you and
thank yon."
"Weil, well, Jim. is this really you?
Then, with the real Shaughnessy twinkle
of the eye: "How under the heavens
did you get here so soon, if you wore
broke?"
"Why, Tom, thanks to your telegram,
'Don't lef Jim walk,' of course I was at
once furnished transportation; and here
I am."
"Confound those operators!" — with ap
parent severity. "It is. strange they can
not get my messages through correctly!"
"Didn't "ou telegraph, 'Don't let Jim
walk'?" Interrupted Wardner.
"Certainly not. My answer was:
'Don't! Let Jim -walk!' "
"Have you ever seen a bit of wood
that you couldn't burn?" said an old
sea captain to me the other day.
"Why, lots," I replied, "the briar
root, for instance — at least, if it's good
— ironwood, too, and one or two
others."
"I don't mean those," he said. "But
have you ever seen a lot of common
deal that fire had no effect on?" He
pulled from his pocket a morsel of what
looked like white Norwegian deal and
handed it to me. I was surprised at the
weight. "Put it in the gas flame," he
said.
I did so. But beyond a blackening of
the surface there wa sno effect.
"That bit of wood, went on the skip
per, "was part of the gunwale of one
of my boats. We were whaling in the
South Seas and harpooned a big, right
whale off the Cape of Good Hope. The
creature sounded, the rope fouled and
the boat was carried down. Probably
it was taken half a mile or more be
low the surface. The whale rose again
and was killed, and a portion of the
boat was recovered from the line which
still hung to it. It was the pressure of
the water hardened It like that."—Bal
timore Herald.
The late Prince Bismarck's barber Is
said to be well on the way to making his
fortune, for he has saved no less than
eight years' clippings from his master's
hair. These he Is now dividing into small
quantities and Incasing them in gold
brooches, scarfpins and lockets, allowing
three hairs to each ornament, and selling
to the public. The barber states that he
had the late Prince's permission to do
this.'PAGES
25 to 32
Is Claimant to an Estate Worth Over a Million
DOLORES DE IAVEAGA is waiting anxiously for the 11th of
March. On that day she will learn her fate.
Perhaps srhe will be an heiress, enjoying all the luxury
and gilded ease that wealth makes possible.
Perhaps she will return to the "Tamale Gardens' in Fresno
to enjoy the few and simple pleasures that poverty makes possible.
"Dibs sabe!" says Dolores. And that little phrase is the alpha
-iid omega in the philosophy of her race.
• ..If Pate has in store for her the golden spoon, muchas gracias!
.If not— well, gracias too. For even to have had it held so deliciously
near has been bliss fcr Dolores. And if it melts into thin air— there
is still the pretty little tamale garden, the doors of which will alway ;
Swing with welcome to Dolores. Then there is Rosa Benitez. Rosa,
." who writes to her "Lolatita" every day. For "Lola" is the sweet
: substitute that trips even, more sweetly than "Dolores" from the
southern tongue.
Rosa is not jealous of the good fortune that may be in store for
L-ola. < >h. no! not that. It is just because she is lonesome that the
laughter has died out of her soft brown eyes and her song does not
."ring as merrily as it used to.
So if Dolores does not get her carriage and four, if fickle Fortune
but flirting with her, she can go back to Rosa and be welcome.
But she is young- and beautiful and so far life's draught has been
bittersweet. And because of this Dolores cannot but believe that the
"perhaps" which is hanging over her will soon be a certainty.
The lawyers who are fighting her claim are even more sanguine
•of success. They are Messrs. Lloyd <£ Wood, Judge W. L. Pierce
Graves & Graves of San Luis Obispo. They aye waiting for
. March 14 almost as anxiously as is Dolores.
■ . On that day the Judge will decide whether Dolores de Laveaga
is to have a share of the estate left by Jose Vicente de Laveaga or
•whether the entire fortune is to be divided among Jose Vicente's ra-
. -rriaining brother and two sisters.
• ' If he renders a favorable judgment it will give Dolcjres a goodly
. share of the millions left by Jose Vicente de Laveaga.
If /jot— but why dwell on that? If not, says Dolores with a dainty
■.«lirug, "I shall not die of a broken hearf."
'.." Less than four months ago Dolores did not even know that Jose
Vicente de Laveaga was dead. In fact the name De Laveaga had
almost slipped her memory. It was not until a gentleman called at
the house and asked for Dolores de Laveaga that she remembered
■that she had some right to that aristocratic name.
Then she tried to brush away the cobwebs from her memories of
< hildhood and answer all his questions. And the result of his in
terrogation was that that very night Dolores packed her trunk,
kissed Rosa good-by and left for San Franpisco.
It was all very sudden and very strange this story that the
tleman told her on the way to the city. But' it appealed to her
love of romance and it appealed to her innate love of ease. So when
She was established in a pretty little suite in the Occidental Hotel
>bo sat down and wrote to Rosa. Rosa, who was idly swinging in a
hammock in the pretty garden, let slip a "Santa Maria!" when she
shed reading that letter.
And all Fresno opened wide its eyes when the story finally com-
I-d the rounds. For they did not know that Dolores, who had
lived among them ever since she was a little girl, was the heroine of
y that reads like a chapter from the romances of old.
Some time in the '60's the De Laveaga family moved from Mexico
San Francisco. Stnor de Laveaga was a power in the Mexican
colony. He had millions and he played grand senor with all the
pomp and ceremony that the title permitted. The De Laveaga
mansion in those days was on Pine street near Dupont. Three sons
and two daughters entertained there the younger members of the
• aristocratic Mexican families.
Bright-eyed senoritas with subtle fascination waved their fans,
and dashing cavaliers sang or danced straight into the hearts of the
maidens. Youth and pleasure held high carnival. Senor de Laveaga
was lavish in his hospitality. But he never forgot that he was the
grand senor. Who knocked might enter at his feast — after the man
ner of his race. But only those were bidden whose family escutcheon
was as brilliant as his own.
' Jesusita Bustillos Ortez was not one of these. Her family was
poof and they dwelt in a tiny house within the formidable shadow
cast by the De Laveaga mansion. But in all the Mexican quarter
'there was not another girl as beautiful as Senora Ortez. Her husband
was dead and she had a pretty little child — Josefita Ortez.
Jn=e Maria de Laveaga, youngest son of the house of De Laveaga,
was not the only hidalgo who was captured by the beauty of Jesuscita
(>rtez. But he was the most devoted. No\v and then his friends met
rim strolling with the beautiful widow and her little girl. Once or
twice he was found fingering his guitar under her window. There
<ame a time when Jose absented himself entirely from the merry
rhakiogß in his own home.
"Jesusita Ortez!" said the c.-valiers, smilingly.
"Jesusita Ortez!" said the senoritas, angrily. For they knew
that some day Jose would have a share of his father's millions.
Benar de Laveaga was neither deaf nor blind to Jose's infatuation.
When he died in '74 he left Jose but the paltry sum of $75,000.
•Will he marry Jesusita now?" buzzed through the Mexican
plony. And under their breath they whispered: "Will Jose recognize
ihe child?"  , .. ,
Foi two years before Senor de Laveaga died another baby voice
had wailed through the house of Jesuscita Ortez. She took two
children now instead of one for a daily walk. "Dolores." she named
A th* little one. "Lolatita," her playmates caii e(i he,-
Jos» de Laveaga took the money his father had left him and in
vented it in a ranch. "Las Aguilas" did not prove a profitable in
' vr.tment and the money was swept away. Senora de Laveaga died
• Shortly after her husband and bequeathed Jose something over $100,000,
arid this was likewise swallowed up trying to improve "Las Aguilas. •
•" Meanwhile Jesusita and her two little ones waited In vain fof
Jqsc to send for them. Not until he stopped writing did she give up
A girl who sold tamales in the country less thao three months ago in a fair way to get a share of one of San Francisco's largest estates.
hope. Then she cried the brightness from her eyes and crushed the
gladness out of her heart.
For six yeaTs she had waited and wept. Then one day there came
from Denver the news of Jose de Laveaga's death. He had abandoned
"Las Aguilas" and had gone to Denver to die in poverty.
Jesusita Ortez prayed night and day for the soul of her lover.
Her little hacking cough ripened into quick consumption. Not a year
after she heard that Jose was dead they buried her from the little
church of Guadaloupe.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY «J6, 1899.
Now that Jose Maria de Laveaga and Jesusita Ortez were dead
people spoke more kindly of their "affair."
"Maria Santisima! how she loved him!" said the sad-eyed mourn
ers \\ ho followed her to her grave. .
"Jose always meant to do something for her and the child, but
he was unlucky! " ?aid his friends.
It is on this evidence that the lawyers are claiming that Dolores
should inherit the share of Jose Maria in his uncla's big estate.
Don Felizardo Flores and Dona Carmen Garcia have testified
that they were in the house the night Dolores was born and that
Jose Maria de Laveaga recognized the parentage of the child. Other
witnesses have sworn that Jose Maria spoke often of his "daughter
Dolores," and what he intended to do for her.
After their mother died little Dolores and Josefita went to Fresno
to live with their uncle, Joaquin Cabrera. They attended public school
and both grew up into tall, beautiful girls. Dolores had all the rich,
vivid, brunette coloring of her race, but Josefita was slim and fragile,
with golden hair and big, frightened brown eyes. When" she was
but twenty-one the frightened brown eyes closed forever. Josefita,
like her mother, had died of quick consumption.
Joaquin Cabrera treated Dolores iike a daughter. She was never
called De Laveaga. In time she forgot the little snatches of her
mothers history that had fallen on her childish ears. Don Joaquin
Cabrera went to St. Louis to the horseraces and there he met his
death. Dolores lost in him her nearest and dearest relative.
Four years ago, when she was but twenty, Dolores went to Los
Angeles on a visit. There she met a gay senor who won her heart.
They married in haste and repented almost as quickly. Dolores re
turned to Fresno.
The pretty little tamale garden does not seem quite the same
since Lola is gone. It was not alone the excellence of the tamales
that drew the people there. True they were "bueno," but the two
senoritas who served them were "bonita." And while Rosa herself
is as pretty a little Mexican girl as ever drooped black lashes over
bright eyes* still they miss stately Dolores. Yet every one there hopes
that Lola will get her money and live happy ever afterward.
So Dolores de Laveaga waits for the 14th of March. "It is not the
mere money that I want," she says. "I love to help my friends and
I love pretty things. Isn't that natural?"
Of course it's natural for her to want to help her friends and to
love the lace mantilla and jeweled fan. She would not be a true
daughter of her ra<:e if she did not.
Of her mother she speaks tenderly and lovingly. "No, I have never
forgotten her. But not all the De Laveaga money can bring her
back to life and to me. She went to her grave because she loved
J ° Se -If I the a cour^dectde a s in my favor I shall be happy and make my
friends happy. If not I will go back to Fresno— to Mrs. Cress and
Rosa, and with them I can never be unhappy.
'•Perhaps there is a fortune in store for me— perhaps not.
"Quien sabe?"
PAGES 1
25 -ro 4
♦ ■■•' • I26
\_^ , i■ . . .. j • ■-- - -.-..-. -> > ■ ■ . . ■ ■ ■■■..• . .■ - .^ —^^ — —^iw^— w^^^^^m '■ ■ . i . i . jl l ' • '" ~ — "■ .■- ; , •.■■:■■■ . •- - • ,
:^^_l^_^_«_~^^
' ' ■ *■* *** ''--"* •■■-'":■■--.-■■'■■■■; I ■ ■> _^-^_ — jjtJBBBPWWtw-^ RBI CSB B ™- I^^Hi^^S^^Bk ' SsP^w^^KmSC^O .^^^KSfiSsltn^k^^Mß - - Bmh jT
■ a - * » . ' j m^^^^^m^^^^^^^^^Mm^^mu^^m ||*nRBHB I R39^DB S^H I^^^Bl B^Sl^^B bBS^^uQW^^^BIB ' jffßHj S^ttK. fcO^MKlFfirf^^L pf*--T^MgTCl£MfflP CSylj
"i . : _ — : — ; — ■ — — • ;'.«',' :-' *— . ;_ — ' ; ' " : " — ®®®®<S)Syi)®®®®@®<^ ~ ' — ~~~ : — '-' _ ' >. - ■ -.■■■.:.: :...-..^— -.-■::' ■■•.-.::* r. -' -. -.■:.'■ +
! SILK DEPARTMENT. I ACTOHAVC COLORED COOPS; \
'il ' ' * ■ I *8R #mt BE fig ■ jH vii ■ vfflri t^33^ ■ "* s t C— - n t - - v^
I 24-inch BLACK FIGU K K^L^^ E Sf "" fe sale .Hoe «5c a yard. I #1 I / | /I | . !f 2 ScT^ IXCH FAN ° Y M ' XED DRESS C: °° DS ""^ ' """ I
I 2< -inch BLACK P ucH_*_ra roa;ular value $1; — price 750 a yard. 1 raL, >r^ «f \ • Hi Mammta _^1 1 £ V^ „ p|eces NOVELTT BOU^ETTE ... >-' rlts in« h e s w«to. r_4 M_: (?)
24-inch BLACK DUCHEbbi^bA^iiN, » JSmSBm *± M. M JBBUbSJ MBaar M> ML ML -^aw^ ■ 91 pieces ; NOVELTY BOURETTB .SUITING,; 36 inches wide, raised effects; %
® At 75 Cents . 'V; reduced from 50c a yard to 25c a yardi \t::''r ®
! FANCY BAYADERE STRIPED SILK; regular value U 25; sale price 75C a nr CTfiPI/ T A l/ IMP DD !PC 0 ] «• 3sc^ s ' ' I
-i- ■ « 7s «-„«*« . ur oiuuB\"ini\i3iu rniuLOi 65 pieces 38-INCH SCOTCH TARTAN PLAIDS, in medium and bright col- ®
5 COLOKFD TAFFET, SIlI; *3**^S3R «!• price 75c a yard. Ul U I UUH I HIIIHU I I HULU ■ orsf former price 60c a yar^ ; on .pedal at «fe a yard. |
COLORED TAFFETA SILK; regular valueJSoc; sale price <5c a yard. ' r ; . ■• y ; . . : , • ®
At 9O Cents ®®®®SXS<^®®«^^ At 3S Cents |
1 COLORED STRIPED TAFFETA SILK, medium shades; regular price »1 25; We be d to Call the attention Of the public tO the remarkably IOW prices in 72 pieces ALl:>to6l^mlXED DRESS GOODS, in striped and figured; will +
I sa ,. pr,ce 9 oc a yfl a, _____ every department for the final two days of reductions preceding the taking oF our $%s2vsm&si ! *
4. ■■■"" At $1.00 1 . X • : V. : . At SO Cents ;: ©
& BLACK FIGURED GROS-GRAIN SILK; regular value $1 25; sale price $1 00 annual inventory. ;■- ,v. ... 52 pieces 44.1NCH FRENCH NOVELTY PLAIDS, regular price $1.25 a yard; +
-♦• a yard. . . . ' We have spared no effort that will aid us in disposing of the remainder of on special sale at a yard. . ■ w
I At $1,00 , our surplus stock prior to the arrival of daily expected shipments of spring goods. ,' ; At so cents / ®.
® 27-inch COLORED TAFFETA SILK; regular value $I^s; sale price $1 yard. A glance Over the following articles, taken from VariOUS departments. Will 45 pieces 46-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL STORM SERGES, all shades; worth +
"*" ' — ~~- ~ 1 - » L ' Li! 11L 1 j c • * V•■ • 'l :.••■■■ 75c a yard; will be placed on sale at 50c a yard.. »,
® -rfcw a/-?¥7' ¥\Fk¥^r»r» r»/\/\¥\r» convince the public of the wisdom of paying us an early visit. .  <oc a*. ' ' • -— ■• /> • Z
® KI -Ai li iIHrSS llllllll\ — — — : At 7s Cents \.; ■•/•. -j; >
I DLALIV HIIEJJ UUUIW. niD ß n ci ;. bargains- in . Imb^iliillp^^i^^^S^^^^^^^^'l
I A 45 cents IllDDllllJl Ladies & Children Hosiery chiefs and Laces Sffiiiiß^^S^p^^ v I
£> 20 pieces 40-inch CREPONS, in a variety of designs; will be placed on sale ninTIAITP 9 a^ « tiT r. . Vinwia UUU littWWJ. • EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL NEW SPRING CHECKS in blue and ♦
♦ at 45c a yard. . ; ' UIKKsIN^ I At 8 1-3 C Pair. '!: \: v.-.y . . white, black and white, brown and white;, worth $1 a yard; will be offered ®
I i\± BO Cents - JiIDDUIIO • 100 dozen CHILDREN'S FAST-BLACK o c fn if-_ at 75c a yard. .. ...-■■■ .. ... -. ,
+ At SO v^ents * . ■ m^ . COTTON HOSE double heels and "*" l " IOw» ■;•!• ■ ...... ~ ~.,\ ;.-. i
120 pieces 46-inch ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH STORM SERGE; good value knees, In all sizes at 8 1-30 a pair. 200 pieces TORCHON LACE, as- At 75 Cents ' '-A^l i |
® for 65c; will be placed on sale at dOc a yard. • . sorted patterns, 1% to 4% inch; 2 5 pieces 5 9 -INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH LADIES' CLOTH, new spring col- +
+ • _— *-.^i.*«.'- . , /- At 20 Cents. on special sale at 3c - : 4c, 5c,. 7%c ors; regular price $1 a yard; will be placed on sale at .75c a yard. ..,- : ®
® At v■& Agents Af- A. L«ents. - ■ . -—-^ ■»».•• ».v?» ... to 15c yard. < . ■ . • — — — • ■ • ' — ; ' . ~r
120 pic -inch ALL-WOOL -SCOTCH CHEVIOT; reduced from $1 00 to 75c 500 - pleces \ o . 5 ALL SILK COL- 15 ° ToTHO^E^a^rfety^pST; •*>'—' \ ' ' At QO Cents ./.% I
4- aya._. ■ ORED SATIN AND GROS patterns; former prices, 40c and 50c . » 5C tO -. 35C. • 29 pieces 44-INCH BENGALINE PLAIDS, handsome designs: worth $1.25 a<|
f ■ At $1.25 . ' ' Sii^l B 2SS:d a at°4i ed °° the pair; will be on Sale at 20c. 600 pieces CAMBRIC EMBROID- yard; on sale at 90c a yard._ ±
® 25 pieces MOHAIR NOVELTIES; reduced from $1 75 and $2 00 to $1 25 yard. ors> wll f De Olierea * L * c - a^~~~r* " ' ERY AND INSERTION, a large . _, ttl ¥
4- " H . At 25 CentS. assortment to select from; on • i- v / >*t <p ■•<-».«-» ®
©;? At $2.00 . ■ A< . k Cpntfi ll 100 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK IM- sale at; sc, 6%c,- 7%c. 10c to 35c 19 pieces 50-INCH HEAVY . ALL-WOOL ENGLISH CHEVIOT SERGES, >
t, 20 pieces 44-inch FRENCH CREPONS, in exquisite designs; good value for , - / * L ° vicuna. ,; T PORTED RIBBED CASHMERE yard. ;■ ; ; former price $1.40 a yard; on special sale at $1 a yard. <•>
i $2 75; will be placed on sale at $2 00 a yard. 300 pieces Na^AL L.SILK COIg HOSE , in all sizes, at 25c pair At , Qc yard. ■ - ________ • . |
X JAt $2.50 -:;;•• :*, GRAIN RIBBON will be offered At 15C PaiP. ECRU VENISO LACE INSER- n pieces 44-INCH HIGH GRADE SILK AND WOOL NOVELTY PLAIDS, @
®15 pieces 44-inch SILK WARP MATAXASSE, in a variety of designs; worth at oC - - in . . an T AriT T^c. tmportL tta«t TION, 1 inch, assorted patterns, stylish patterns; former price $2 a yard; on special sale at $1.35 a yard. •+
I P s 3 50; will be placed on sale at $2 50 a yard. v _ t 8 1-3 Cents. . 100 BLACK COTTON P HOSE. with • regular 15c; on_sale at 10c yard. . " ____________________ : %
+ " ~~ ——— ■ — . 4 _ pieces . TT Sl^og°^gfg. V "- double heels and sole; will be on At 5C , Each. V■ ; Jfl • '- v
® 400 pieces ALL-SILK COLORED , -.- , At OC taCn. _M -f
v *' . «-, . » -r » ■»» -j—. y-i tl , * * T-* \ T"V Dale al ii'v a paiii , mHv g (m\
® Ml RIBBON, assorted colors; will At /33 1"3 CentS. LA L*ACF EDGE HANDKER- • ' «L * |
(S\ . C / VKI 15c cl Yard, newest -patterns', with vertical silk A*- IO lOr F«rh ■ ? W I 1/4 ■■ "*"
♦ A%. /V . '_/Jr ■? * 500 pieces FANCY RIBBONS, in stripes ;v price "r 50c; : will be on sale L *^ '°^ LdtMl . >% /k -jg OLIW W / ®
® ft /H Sm __T #^ i^ stripes, plaids, shaded and om- at 33 l-3c. ' LADIES' PURE LINEN HEM- " /I / ■ jfffm VJ_ J^ / _^"^ "*"
® \\l\ In Sl7%{ ' t\Jt J^ r^) b?ciosed a out at c isc nd • °:' LADIES' LNDFRWEAR r> HI c E fach regular 2Oc; on sale at II I vl///B/f fyft dv Lj *
tIMI § Mnrt^f lauac and McAllister Sfc A'^ - s% 'cllh c mere e Sibbo d xs bl^^^^ suS-".? e *ai »_» w-mch black 0 silk^eiling, Iml m Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / .; ; g
0 ifflM Bldl&Cl^ JOIIC3 OIIU IUViiUWI*! J13., #- ;. ; . ■ . ed^. all silk- : will be closed out cotton, extra heavy fleece lined,, at '_: :; . plain and dotted, regular 20c; : \M\w ' ■'■-", "^^^ _w_n_____ / *
♦ l/^ IX S_n Pmncisoo. / ' at 45c. soc. on sale at' 10c yard. \f XT mmxk nranoMoo. I
SOCIETY
IT is becoming the custom for mem- '
bers of the smart set to spend the
month of March out of town, and al
ready the hegira to Coronado. Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles has com
menced.
The weddings for the season are practi- ,
cally over, but Cupid does not rest, what- ,
ever the season. Indeed, he plies his
trade with renewed energy during the
Lenten period, which may be depended
upon to bring forth a crop of Easter wed
dings- , j .n.
Quiet, informal affairs have marked the
first week in Lent, and but few enter- i
tainments are listed on the calendar for \
the present week. I
On Tuesday Mrs. Downey Harvey will
give a luncheon at her home on Pacific
avenue, complimentary to Mrs. Harold
Sewall.
Wednesday evening. March 1, the Mili- j
tary Order of the Loyal Legion of the
United States will give a reception and
banquet at the Occidental Hotel in honor
of Major General William R. Shafter,
U. S. A.
~i- * ..-' *'':■ --.; »••:..,■•. ;;
Mrs. Horace Davis and Mrs. Frederic ;
R. King will be "at home" from 3 until 6
o'clock on Thursday afternoons in March
at the residence of Mrs. Davis, 1800
Broadway.
Mrs. Isaac Hecht and the Misses Helen j
and Elsie Hecht will close their "at !
homes" with the first and third' Fridays
in March. •
• * **
The wedding of Miss Grace Alice Wise j
and. Henry Parker Scranton took place
at the home of the bride's father, Charles
Henry Wise, in Berkeley, last Tuesday i
evening. ■ •.-..";
The wedding of Miss Cecilia Burk and
Frederick P. Tut tie of Auburn took place i
last Thursday afternoon in St. Luke's j
Church. It was a very quiet affair, ow- ■
ing to the recent death of a near : rela
tive of the bride. Right Rev. Bishop Wil
liam H. Moreland officiated. .:.
• » •
Mr. and Mrs. HenryKohler' have issued .
invitations for i the . wedding of their
daughter. Miss ; Anna M. Kohler, and j
Maurice Silberstein. which will take place !
at the First Unitarian Church at 8:30 :
o'clock next Wednesday evening. The
ceremony will be performed by..Rev. Ho- i
ratio Stebbins. The bridesmaids will be ;
Miss - Caroline Kohler, Miss Florence !
Fitch. Miss Mabel Gross and Miss Amy
yon Gerichten. , George W. McNear Jr. ;
will act as best man, < and ; the ushers, will
comprise Dr. J. D. Chant reu. Warren D.
Clark, Leonard Crane and H. Duvergey.
• - •■■.;»•-
Mrs. Redmond Payne, who was Miss j
Grace Sabln. gave a progressive euchre
party at her home last .week, at which '
jvliss Belknap was the guest of honor. The j
other guests were:
Miss Mabel Bacon. Miss Minnie Hough- :
ton, Miss Mac Moody. Miss Hooper. Miss !
Maye Colburne, . Miss Jessie Fillmore, I
Miss Mary Palmer, Miss Florence Stone, i
Miss Agnes Simpson, Miss Mary Crowell.
Miss Edith Young. Miss Pearl Sabin. Miss
Bessie Fox of Washington and Mrs.
Breeden.'
• • •
Tuesday afternoon Mrs. Henry . Seal i
gave a very charming luncheon in a pri
vate dining room at the Occidental Hotel, ,
at; which Mrs. . William M. Stewart was
the guest of honor. \ ':
Last Thursday afternoon, between the |
hours of 3 and 5 o'clock; the officers of
the battleship ; lowa ■ gave a reception to
the members of the Pacific-Union,: Bohe- |
mian. Cosmos and University Clubs. . ■ :
Yesterday afternoon the 1 officers of the |
lowa, entertained r the officers", and their j
wives from Mare Island. .:
Mrs. Walter S. Newhall gave. a lunch
party recently at -her home In Los Ange
les, complimentary to Mrs. H. M. New
hall. who is visiting her._ Those invited to
♦ ♦ <B> ■€► 'V ♦♦♦♦♦•♦♦♦♦♦'♦
<$> -. •'•"'-'•. \- '•-':{ ''■\---y, \;>
♦ • The Swndiy Call, 32 ♦
J pages, delivered at your j
«>. home by mail for Si 50 . $>
■♦ a year. Subscribe for it. J
meet her were: Mrs. John E. Plater. Mrs.
I. N. Van Nuys, Mrs. M. A. Briggs, Mrs.
S. A. Ames and Mrs. James Ford.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin anu Peter D. Mar
tin returned early in the week from their
trip to Los Angeles and Coronado Beach."
Mrs Margaret Giblin and her niece.
Miss Anna Giblin, formerly ot Stanford
University, are in Nice for the winter.
Lieutenant J. T. McMillan, U. S. N.,
and Mrs. McMillan have returned from
Manila and have taken up their residence
in Alameda.
Harry M. Gillig is in New York, en route
to Paris.
Mrs. John Gillig has returned from her
trip south and Is at 1001 Pine street.
Professor J. Walter Fewkes of the
United States Bureau of Ethnology has
returned from Arizona, where he has been
since early last summer.
Mrs. William W. Gwin and Miss Mary
Bell Gwin have returned from their visit
to New Orleans.
Mr. and Mrs. Callaghan Byrne, after
spending several days at Coronado, left
last week for Tia Juana, Mexico.
Miss Antoinette Delmas is the guest of
Mrs. Holt, at 905 Sutter street.
Mis. Currey and Miss Frances Currey,
who have been spending the winter at the
Hotel Wellesley, expect to leave the city
about the Ist of April for their country
home, where they will pass most of the
summer.
Miss Ida E. Connor has arrived in New
York and is at the Waldorf-Astoria.
Miss Florence Dean has been visiting
Miss Baldwin of Council Bluffs, in New
York.
Mrs. Alexander MeCracken, who left
San Francisco in November for the
Orient, will remain in Hongkong, while
her husband. Lieutenant Commander Mc-
Crackin. Is stationed at Manila.
Mr?. W. P. Morgan and Miss Therese
Morgan will leave here next week for
Coronado. to be gone a month.
* • •
Mrs. William M. Stewart left here last
Friday for Carson en route to Washing
ton. D. C. She was accompanied by her
granddaughter, Mies Bessie Fox.
Dr. and Mrs. Beverly. MaoMonagle are
making a trip through the southern part
of the State.
Mr. and Mrs. Jay Lugsdin, Miss Lugs
din and Miss Nellie Wood will leave
next Wednesday for Coronado, to be gone
a month.
Dr. E. B. Perrin arrived in this city
yesterday from Williams. Arizona. He
will leave on Tuesday for Washington
and New York.
Colonel Charles Reichonbach is here
from Dawson, Alaska, and will spend a
few months with his wife and daughter
at their home, 1433 Geary street.
* • •
George A. Newhall expects to leave
for Japan early next momth, and will
spend two months in theV)rJent.
Edward A. Belcher, who has been visit
ing at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Richard
Belcher in Marysville, returned to this
city on Thursday.
Percy Evans, son of Judge Oliver P.
Evans, left here this week for Washing
ton D C, as a delegate from the chap
ters of the Chi Pi fraternity of Stanford
and the University of California to the
annual convention of the Alumni Asso
ciation. » « •
Mrs H. Goldstein of 1919 Sutter street
gave a high tea last Saturday afternoon
at her residence In honor of her daughter-
The following passengers sailed on the
su-amship Moana Tuesday, February 23:
For Honolulu— R. Ashworth, Mrg. Bren
ham and child. Miss C. D. Castle, Mrs.
X L. Crawford, Mrs. L. S. Cleveland,
Miss Davis. Miss B. Davis, Mias L. Davis,
W. J. Dyer, wife and son, D. H. Ettien.
William Ettien, C. J. Fishel, Mrs. V. C.
Gray and child. S. Greenbaum and son,
C D. Hardln and wife, D. 8. Hardin and
wife Miss Hardln, H. J. Johnson, F. H.
Lindsay, Mrs. E. J. Lindsay, C. Lucas and
wife John McCarthy, Ed Martin and
wife Miss Dora Merwyn, James Moul
tray Theodore Nicholai, A. R. Owen and
wife, James O'Brien. W. P. Parsons and
wife G. S. Richmond, Leon Rlester, C.
Royce, J. P. Scheiss and wife, P. Schnei
der wife and child, Herman Schussler, H.
■M Sprague and wife, Mrs. G. A. Stevens,
Miss H. Stevens, C. D. Stone and wife.
Mrs. E. M. Styne, Miss Styne.^Mrs. H. c.
Tilden. Mrs. James L. Torbert and child,
Miss I. Voorman. H. Walters and wife.
Mrs. L. R. Wight and child, Mrs. W. M.
Willett. E. Z. Williams.
For Auckland— Mrs. Batger and child,
Dr. F. Livermore.
For Sydney— Miss Arden. William Atch
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAIAu, SUNDAY, FEBRFARY 26, 1899.
ison and wife. Miss M. Buckhn. Miss L.
Cooley, W. B. Crouch, P. J. Cullen B.
B. Culver, K. K. Culver, Mrs. E. J- Cul
ver Miss P L. Culver, F. Colmer. P.
Deiiton, Dr. J. E. Dods, D. L. Don, Miss
Durkin, W. A. Dwyer. Miss M Ferguson,
Mr< J Fitzgihbon. Miss Hadlieh, I. Hem,
Miss L. Hekner. J. \V. Keogh, Miss M.
Kins Miss Lc Jeune, George Leslie, M.
Moss B. C. Orme. Mrs. C. A. Peacock,
Miss M. Peacock. Miss E. Peacock, Miss
I. Peacock, Master Frank Peacock, C. R.
Penny, George Richard?, Miss L. Royce,
Miss "Sinclair, F. Sheetaoff, Miss Stanley,
J. \V. Toohey.
The wedding of Miss Mac Cathcart and
Leo Israelsky will take place to-morrow
morning. Rev. Dr. Nieto will officiate,
and immediately after the ceremony the
newly wedded couple will leave for the
southern part of the State. They will be
pleased to receive their friends bunday
afternoon, March 12, at 1020** Larkin
street.
San Francisco Hive, No. 8. Ladies of the
j Maccabees, gave a Lady Washington tea
party at Social Hall. Alcazar building,
Wednesday evening. There was a large
audience and the programme was well re
ceived. The Ladies' Mandulin Orchestra,
under the direction of Professor Francis,
rendered several selections and was *re
quently encored. •
The First Friday Cotillon holds its last
assembly and german for this season Fri
i day evening next in Assembly Hall, Red
i Men's building. 320 Post street. Inasmuch
as new cards will not be sent out this
month, old ones will be accepted.
Mrs R. B. Salisbury and daughter. Miss
Edith May. of Stockton, are visiting their
cousins Mr. and Mrs. L. L. M. Salisbury
Of D? a G lH E d Shuey and wife of Oakland are
: spending their honeymoon at Paraiso
i S Mr ng and Mrs. S. Lazarus of SSA Union
I street announce the engagement of their.
1 daughter Miss Belle Lazarus, to Adolph
Sto*k. The reception will be held Sunday
afternoon, March 5, between 2 and v
! ° A°verv quiet and pretty wedding took
' place la'bt Monday evening at , o clock at
, 624 Golden Gate avenue. The contracting
(parties were Miss Josie Ryan and Dr.
Millard G. Hinkle. a well-known physi
i clan of Stockton. Rev. Father Hannigan
i of St Mary's officiated, and only relatives
and intimate friends were Pres ent -
A very pretty wedding was that of Miss
; Anita Williams and W. D. Haggerty tof
Vallejo, which took place last bunday it
!St Joseph's Church. The Rev. Father
I Harnett officiated. Miss Grace Hawks
I was bridesmaid and Harry Hoyt of
I Vallejo acted as best man. Mr. and Mrs.
Haggerty will reside in Vallejo.
One of the most novel and delightful
! social events across the bay was the
i Washington celebration given last Wed
i nesday by Mr. and Mrs. O. B. Caldwell
i at their residence, corner of Adeline and
' Stanley streets, Berkeley. Those present
S were- G. Baker. R. Caldwell. Mr. and
i Mrs Caldwell. Mr. and Mrs. J. Dierssen,
I Miss T. Ellison. Mr. and Mrs. J. Ellison,
' F Fahrenholz, C. Fitzsimmons, Mr. Gar
diner. Mr. and Mrs. J. Huber, A. Hlm
melman. Mr. and Mrs. T. Jenne.E. Lame,
Commodore and Mrs. c. J. Lancaster,
1 Mrs J. Mac Donald, Miss K. D. MdcDon
aid, Miss Marshall, Miss F. Nagle, Mibs
I L. Ohnsteln. Miss L. Vagts and Mr. and
! Mr. F. Sunder. , ,
Captain D. J. Flemming of btate dredger
No 1 and his wife celebrated their silver
wedding on Wednesday evening last at
their residence. 3700 Twenty-second street.
Twenty-five years ago Mr. Klemming was
united in marriage to Miss Nellie Ld
strom at old St. Mary's Cathedral in this
city by the Rev. Father Slattery. Many
1 of those who were present at the ann -
versary were In attendance when the wed
ding ceremony was performed. Congratu
latory speeches were made by Assistant
District Attorney John Greany, Harbor
Commissioner Major Harney, Dr Ragan,
George Dryden, W. A. Miller and others.
Mr Flemming responded in a semi-humor
oub vein Conspicuous among the pres
ents was a silver tray from the crew of
the dredger. Among those present were:
Mr and Mrs. Thomas Edstrom, Mr. and
Mrs. D. J. Flemming. Miss Alice Flem
! ming, Miss May E. Flamming. Miss Liz
zie Flemming. Jerry Flemming. Major and
Mrs P. J- Harney, «Dr. and Mrs. Ragan,
John Greany. John J. Scary. Captain and
Mrs Phil T. Browne, Mr. and Mrs. J.
O'Brien. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Bulger,
Mrs. Wilberg. Mrs. Gibson, Miss Annie
Se.arv. Miss Corcoran, Mr. and Mrs. Cal
Ewiiig Miss Conway of Grass \ alley.
Miss Alice Scary, Charles Ewlng. Miss
; Edith Ewlng, Cal Ewing Jr., M|ss Lillie
Ewing Alexander Imbrie, Miss Alice Ira
brie William M. Gibson Jr., Al Bishop,
Miss Sadie Corcoran, James Duffy, Wil
liam H. Miller, Miss Mabel Miller. Miss
Josie Murphy. Me. Molloy. Mr. and Mrs.
George Dryden. Charles Girvin. Mr. Don
nolly of Oakland, the Misses Mamie and
Loretta Donnolly of Oakland, Miss Clara
Black of Sacramento and John Freel and
wife. ' •>
• • •
Miss May McMahon was the recipient
of a surprise party Sunday evening, Feb
ruary 19, in. honor of her birthday anni
versary. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. J. McMahon, Mrs. Maloney,
Miss Mary Maloney, Miss Mamie Eagan,
Miss Emma I'ndanis, Miss Madge Beards
ley. Miss Rose McMahon, Miss Maggie
McMahon, Miss M. F. Maloney, Miss M.
!E. Maloney, Miss M. E. Williams, Ed
! Richardson. F. Stanley. Edward iJ.
i Beardsley, M. Malone. George Williams,
Henry McMahon, William Cook, M. J.
, Kpllehtr and James McMahon.
A very pleasant birthday • party was
I given to Miss Irma Cuneo on Friday.
Among the guests were: Joseph Cuneo
Jr.. Miss Irene Cuneo, Roy Monroe, Miss
Rose Pltto. Joseph Baccigulippi. Miss
Norma Baccißulippi. Mario Giannini. Miss
. May Cuneo. Miss Regina Cuneo and Miss
i Edith Beneditti.
On Wednesday, February 15, Laurel
; Hall Club installed its list of officers.
GOSSIP OF A SOCIETY BUD
EAREST Marguerite— As a Lenten
sacrifice I would suggest that you
D deprive yourself of my weekly
scribble. For thereby you would
forego your dearest pleasure, arid
I could rest from the arduous task of
i keeping your curiosity pitched up to the
| key of G. Pray consider it.
We are keeping Lent in the usual way.
Starving neither sin nor bin— which
i rhymes and has reason, too. It is really
I such a happy time— for we can escape the
ennui of formal affairs. It is during Lent
that we girls discover that we are not cut
out on identically the same pattern. Thai
! one gives up butter, the other sugar, and
I still another tea, does not prove this. For,
whisper it low, what we deprive our pal
ates of would not feed one Weary Willie.
But every hour of the day is not confis
cated by entertainers so we can let slip
the silken chains of social duties and give
our personalities a play-day. We golf,
ride, read, swim or enjoy a delicious dolce
i far niente, just as it pleases our caprice.
Nor do the thoughts of neglected social
invitations hang like millstones on our
consciences.
For, of course, no one is entertaining,
so simply by paying calls we come up to
the requirements of the Blue Book. As for
the requirements of the prayer book, w*
may be a little lax about the letter, but
we try to catch the spirit of the Lenten
season.
We "auxiliary" girls part our beloved
pompadours, put on our severest gowns
and meet once a week to do "plain sew
ing." I don't think I've ever told you
about the auxiliary. We organized two
years ago at the suggestion of one of the
girls. Our aim is to help the managers of
the Children's Hospital. One morning ot
each week, four of us, selected in turn, go
out to the hospital to amuse the children.
We read to them, sing, talk, play with
them bring them flowers, do anything
that will brighten their lives. We grow
so fond of the little darlings that if wiso
parents did not interfere we would adopt
Half of them. *
Last year during Lent we .made a
"comfy" sacque for every child 1 in tnu
hospital. Delicate little pink and olu«
affairs that were slipped over the night
ies of the little tots when they sat up
in their beds on Easter morning to listen
to the sweet carols and beautiful service.
The "auxiliary" met for the first tim<;
this year on Ash Wednesday at Theres.:
Morgan's. Mrs. Merrill gave us a little
talk about our work that made us each
and every one decide to do ten times
more than we did last year.
We elected Mrs. Merrill honorary presi
dent, and insisted on Laura Bates ac
cepting the active presidency Both of
the Bates girls are such fine work
ere that we elected Gertrude Bates
treasurer. Miss Carolan is vice presi
dent and Helen Hopkins is second vice
president. Therese Morgan undertook the
duties of secretary.
We determined to endow a bed in the
hospital, and in a sweet outburst of un-
Fflfish generosity then and there enough
was promised to maintain the bed.
This (Wednesday) morning we met at
Miss Hagar's to -make the sheets and
pillow-cases, mark the towels and do all
the other necessary things. We are to
meet at a different girl's house every
President, Mrs. Louis Weinmann; vice
presidents— Mrs. Dorvtlle Libby, Mrs. H.
J. Sadler; recording secretary, Mrs. Irv
ing F. Moulton; corresponding secretary.
Mips Henrietta Stadtmuller; treasurer.
Mrs. R. Cannany; directors— Mrs. Nathan
Frank. Mrs. Ella M. Sexton, Mrs. A. W.
Jackson, Mrs. J. Brandt and Mrs. T. W.
Collins. After the installation an inter
esting talk upon the "Enchanted Mesa"
of New Mexico was given by Professor
David Starr Jordan.
A fancy dress masquerade party was
given recently by Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Cousins in honor of the eleventh anni
versary of their marriage at their home.
1317 Ninth street, Alameda. The evening
was spent in dancing, singing and recita
tions, followed by a most delightful sup
per. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. Cousins, Mr. and Mrs. Lewis, Mr.
and Mrs. W. Hogan, Mr. and Mrs.
Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. Abt. Miss Helene
Abt, Miss McDermit, Miss L. Hess, the
Misses Cooke. Miss Jennie Schrader, Miss
Lillian Ellsworth. L. Cummings, E. M.
Brown, Mr. Cooke. Joseph Boyhan, H.
Wednesday morning and sew until all is
finished, it will take some time, but the
enthusiasm is too genuine to wane.
Some of the girls really sew beautiful
ly, and those who do not are regarding
finger pricks as honorable scars. This
sort of work gives our thoughts a new
bent and though we sew steadily to the
constant flatter of tongues it is not the
usual weak tea gossipy chatter.
Besides the officers the girls who be
long are Cora Crockett, Edna Hopkins,
Cora Rmedberg. Bertha Smith. Bernie
Drown, Lillie Follls, Ella Morgan, Miss
Eyre, Misa Houghtoh and the Moore girls.
Edith Mcßean and the Thomas girls be
long, but they are away at present. No
wonder we enjoy our work and meetings,
for we are all very sympathetic.
Some , of the girls go to church, every
day. but most of us think three times a
week a respectable average. . Then we .are
playing golf with a devotion that 1 " Dick
says should be turned toward a nobler
meaning himself. Saturday morn
ing almost every girl who professes to
know a golf stick I from ja- croquet mallet
was out at the links. :.■ \ ''■-',
The officers on the lowa are returning
the little courtesies that have been shown
them with true naval hospitality, which
is as big as the ocean. On Thursday they
entertained members from the clubs. And
it was not a case of "water, water every
where, but not a drop to drink." The Bo
hemian Club men who were there had
their pleasure spoiled, however, for they
learned on their return of Dan O'Connell's
death. ; . : ......
Saturday night a great many went out
to the entertainment the sailors gave on
board ship. The girls declared it very
unique and enjoyable and' Jolly Jack. Tar
was voted a success in • vaudeville..
Speaking of things nautical reminds me
that several of the girls > have received
letters from the Annapolis boys who are
cadets on the Oregon. You know the Or
egon has been in , tropical waters :• for a
year and the boys are all sick with the
maladies and fevers of those climes. Now
they are ordered 'off to Manila without
getting a whiff of ; temperate breezes.
Alice, who has a cousin on board, says
that people ; are calling, attention to the
fact that the boys should be relieved and
fresh ones sent on to fill their places. We
certaifily^ can't : afford to ! lose them. ■ i
Ethel % Keeney and . Leontine Blakeman
are back from. St. Louis. They say they
are glad to ,be home, but .' . /And ' that
pause may mean little; it may mean
much, or it may mean -matrimony. For
the St. Louis men are said to have been
completely captivated: by Ethel and Leon
tine. ..-"-. V. y*;i ■:.•::-'' ,^ ;:,::.- ■'-.■-. '-
Every one, is ; talking about the delight
ful "at homes" the Spreckels are having
during this month. At • the -. first one dur
ing the afternoon and ; evening, about a
hundred people « paid : their : after-the-ball
respects. %^. v . .;.. ■■■:z-: ■ . v; : v. ; ;.•'-. ; : v.
-■-■ \V c went: on the . second Wednesday in
.the -evening and found- a great many of
the 'Mardi Gras people. looking rather the
worse for wear. Ned ' Greenway and Mr.
Hellman •', attempted ' the ; Cakewalk,' : but
their feet and the music got tangled up.
We really had a ; delightful :t time.
Everything was so simple and informal.
The refreshments . were > delicious but
dainty, and Grace and LilTle served them.
People who came to stay five minutes
ran for the last car. It- was the first "at
home" •' that was • really «' "homey." *I v be
lieve they are just to have them during
this month. > . ; •-. ,;::...
■A saint may pray for a sinner, but a
sinner must pray for himself, otherwise I
ask i you ■to remember me in your prayers.
Lovingly." FLORA McFLIMSY.
Cosgriff, -Mr. McDermlt. H. Windt, H.
Dunne, Captain T. O'Neil and F.
Broecker.
. A very pleasant surprise party was
given to >lias Violet Melburne Saturday
evening at her residence. 100 SB Golden
Gate avenue. Those present were: Miss
Edith Sells, Miss Sarah O'Reilly. Miss
Frances Smith. Miss Annie Haley, Miss
Kitty Cull. Miss Gertie Short. Miss Ger,
trude Winthrop. Miss Ellen Conway, Miss
EUsn Arthur, Miss Mary Nielan. L. Mel
burne. A. Doan, J. Brannan, G. Benja
min, H. Lawton and R. Melburne.
Zeta Omicron Fraternity of the College
of Medicine, University of California,
held its annual banquet Tuesday evening
at the California Hotel. The banquet hall
was decorated in blue and gold. Dr. John
M. Williamson, in the capacity of toast
master, called on the following, who re
sponded: Dr. Washington Dodge. Dr.
George H. Powers, Dr. Herbert C. Moffitt.
Dr. R. Beverly Cole. Dr. Douglass W.
Montgomery. Dr. Henry B. A. Kugeler,
Dr. H. A. L.. Breyfogel. Dr. J. Henry Bar
bat. R. T. Legge '99, John A. Colliver '00.
Harry Everett Alderson '90. Harold P.
Hill '91. William E. Stevens '98, Ergo Ma
jors and Dr. N. C. Trew '98.
The other members partlciptaing in the
festivities of the evening were; Dr. T. B.
W. Leland, Dr. William G. Hay, Dr.
Charles A. yon Hoffmann. Dr. Harry M.
Sherman. Dr. George W. Merritt, Dr. W.
L. Bell. I*. S. N.. C. H. B. Laughlin. Wil
liam P. Willard, T. J. Clark. R. T. Legge,
S. L. Onesti, William George Moore,
Frank W. Simpson, S. W. R. Langdon Jr.,
George L. Stevenson. G. A. Weyer, George
J. McChesney. Samuel J. Gardner. Don
ald J. Frick, Charles F. Millar, Walter J.
Seawell. L. Teaby. Hudson Smythe,
George H. Powers Jr. and T. Allen Smith.
* * •
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Ayers entertained
the members of the Alta Euchre Club at
their residence 899 Noe street, on Thurs
da> rvoning. The gentlemen's first prize
was won by I. R. Wilbur and the ladies'
DO WOMEN PROPOSE?
TO remark even casually to the av
erage woman that if she is married
she undoubtedly did the proposing
is to receiving a snapping denial.
The truth of the assertion will sur
vive nevertheless, and that "she"
does the proposing all men will gravely
assert. This chat was heard at a well
known club not long since:
"Well. Jack, Mary B. knows I am in
love with her, and if she gave me half a
chance 1 would ask her to marry me.
But she won't. She keeps herself incased
in engagements; says, "Oh, I'm sorry,
but I promised to meet so-and-so,' every
time I bid fo.r an hour with her. But"—
between puffs— "I guess she isn't ready
to propose yet; waiting for a new gown
or some other stand-off."
Experienced devotees of the fair sex say
the widows are more expert at proposing
marriage than the debutante or reasonably
up to date society girl. But the widow is
a hard proposition to cope with. She feels
it eminently her privilege to "coo" over a
man. say sweet things en passant to him,
tell him he is the sweetest thing in town,
make him so absolutely comfortable that
he dreads renewed acquaintance with his
bachelor apartments. All the ' time the
idea of love or marriage would cause her
to laugh as an absurdity too far uway
even to glance at.
The widow is dangerous. She knows
how to manage a man with skillful tact.
If she decides to marry him she will, and
he is helpless.
I have in mind now a lovely home on
the south side, where hospitality is king,
mamma and papa fond admirers of their
lovely daughter. But no man. however
clever, will easily gain one hour"? con
versation with Mips Betty alone, and the
years drag on. She is <}riftlng toward
the over-ripe peach era-^aud no chance to
woo the little god. The girl who plans her
own affairs carefully and Is a clever en
tertainer knows the advantage of home
life to suggest the truism of the lines:
"Will you walk into my parlor?"
Said" the spider to the fly.
More desirable bachelors have been
made benedicts through the influence of
an after-dinner cigar, shaded lamps and a
grate fire than books ever tell of. A case
of cause and effect.
Only when a man is a thorough dunce
sociafly will he mistake the privileged
favors of a hostess for something really
serious in her interest. The dividing line
first prize by Mrs. I. R. Wilbur; the con
solation prize by Mrs. Dr. Brown. Those
present were: Dr. and Mrs. Brown, Mr.
and Mrs. C. B. Holbrook, Mr. and Mrs.
Judge McKinne. Dr. and Mrs. D. B. Ply
mire, Mr. and Mrs. I. R. Wilbur, Mrs. F.
B. Lorigan and Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Wilbur.
Judge and Mrs. G. H. Bahrs have an
nounced the engagement of their daugh
ter. Miss Martha Bahrs, to Henry Thor
n a well-known young business
man. The wedding will be celebrated at
high noon on Wednesday, March 15, at
the residence of the bride's parents, 914
Page street.
Dr. and Mrs. Jospf I. Manson of 917 Van
Ness avenue gave a violet lunch recently
in honor of their son, Steuart Gaylord
Manson. Covers were laid for twenty.
The annual fancy dress and masquerade
of the Arion Verein took plaGe last even
ing at the club rooms. 414 Pine street.
The ninth annual grand purim mas
querade ball will be given by Chevra
Shaare Refooah this evening at Odd Fel
lows' Hall.
A social will be given by the Loreley
Circle No. 26 at Alcazar Social Hall on
Tuesday evening. February 28.
Walhalla Rebekah Lodge No. 130, I. O.
O. F., celebrated its anniversary by giv
ing a grand entertainment on Saturday
evening in Memorial Hall, I. O. O. F.
building.
♦ * •
Mrs. Z. Goldsmith announces the en
gagement of her daughter. Miss Belle
Goldsmith, to Dr. D. Gates Bennett.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Mabel Markewttz to Sam D. Davis of
Juneau. Alaska, formerly of this city.
Mrs. R. M. Flynn of San Fra/iciscn has
been appointed clerk of the State Board
of Examiners in Sacramento.
Mr. and Mrs. Elberg and Mr. and Mrs.
M. H. Levy are occupying their new resi
dence, lOOfi Geary street.
Mrs. J. Crocker of San Luis Oblspo has
left the Hotel Waldeck and is visiting
Mr. and Mrs. A. Hoffman at 1009 Scott
street.
is -exceedingly delicate, but so distinctly
traced that it is unmistakable.
In chatting upon this subject with four
of Chicago's cleverest women, much was
said pro and con to the argument. Finally
Mrs. C closed the talk for the day
by the remark. "Well, looking seriously
.at it, I guess I did propose to Jim. He
had loved me long enough to be rewarded,
but was too busy with his law to form the
proper speech. I dressed up in his pet
gown and my big hat and deliberately sat
out in the moonlight with a sad. far-away
glance in my eyes when I knew he was
coming. He took my hand and simply
paid: The weather is so lovely I wish
we might have a few days by the sea
before summer closes," and in the most
coy manner I said, 'Let us go." and we
were married in three weeks. "
Who'll dare to say that madame did not
systematically tnke monsieur by a pleas
antly conceived plan.
Late in the autumn a very well known
young woman In Chicago society, recov
ering from the grip, was taken to drive
by an admiring family friend, also recov
ering from a severe illness. He remarked.
•I cannot stay the winter out in this cli
mate and I plan to go to Honolulu for a
month." She laughingly remarked, Buy
a ticket for two." He-promptly, I will it
you say now you will go as Mrs. X. one,
seriously, "I will do so." Next day a
ring, engagement announced, and Febru
ary will' find them sailing away.
The fortunate ones who heard Cyrano
de Bergerac" might learn an apt leßSon
aa to the mental congeniality that so often
drifts people into love affairs. Therefore,
girls, when you plan to propose to some
.War fellow-select an interesting book
keep yourself looking as near akin to the
■uikHs as possible. Invite him Sunday
i afternoon, read to him— feed him on a few
delicacies for Hupper instead of the light,
fragile repast most frequently in order
for the Sabbath evening meal, and TT h*
is not wholly in love with you by 10:30 you
may look to a second treatment with en
tire faith.
The Sunday Call, 32
pages, delivered at ynur
hovn by mail for $1 50
a year. Subscribe for itComparative Ivj Short Skirts for Debutantes.
THE critic has given you a fore
cast of the coming grand opt ra
Who will sing? has been
answi red. What shall we wear?
is now the question. I knew it
would follow in the wake of the
first interrogation, so I am fully prepared
to' answer.
In the first place, the odd skirt and
waist effect will not be regarded with Ta
vor. For the ordinary play such a com
bination still passes muster. But for the
grand opera, out with your purple and
Inen.
A plan equally tabooed is to wear an
evening gown with a detachable yoke or
guimpe. They show too plainly that they
have been constructed to do double duty
— for the theater and ball room. This is
ely too economical a plan to suit
smart Dame Fashion.
rr gown for the opera must bear the
marks of having been made especially
it event. Silk, satin, rnousseline de
repe de chine, net, in fact,
ntlre gamut of soft materials is run
•by the modiste for the opera gown. How
ever elaborate the trimming or how dar
ing the color scheme, the body part must
■ I. made of one material. The new opera
■ gowns ar^ neither "patchy" nor fussy.
or :!:•■ wraps, short wraps are more
comfortable thai; the long cloaks, a. id for
v will be more generally worn.
T;. y are made (if lightweight cloth, silk,
satin, velvet and brocade and of every
color, as well as black. The flowered bro
lally noticeable— the flow
ers in colors on a black satin ground.
The shape is about the same for all
fitted fiver the shoul.iers and trimmed
down the fronts and around with ruffles
of satin and lace. There is a high flar
ing collar, rilled in with lace ruffles, and
with a band of fur .outlying the ruf
fles. These garments are apparently
shapeless but in reality are most carefully
cut and fitted. If not they are entirely
larking in style.
They should always be made with warm
linings, wadded or lined with fur. and
then they are warm without being heavy.
Heavy cloths are not necessarily warm, it
l£ ' well .known. All tne capes must !>e
trimmed with full double ruffles down the
front, for the fashion demands that while
over the shoulders a tight sloping loop
is fashionable, in front everything must
be soft arid Huffy.
A word of warning! Don't try to freshen
up a shabby cape with a knot of ribbon
t A WEEK OF
SKIN REIYATION !
'..'" Science teaches us that the skin needs ex-
:' . ' t»rnal nourishment to protect It against the
ravages of time. In order to more fully con-
"" " vince the ladies of this city or this important
". , {act I will devote this coming week to
FREE
TREATMENTS
'.*•"* Sufficient to convince the most skeptical that
• , ."" fcver y ,man can possess that chief essential
"•'• to beauty— a fresh, healthy complexion.
' Through indifference and neglect your skin
-■] : Is probably marred with
i --'^iKSa '■•■'■• \ Pimples
il : ftl^^^^- Freckles
: '---: i^^jS| Wrinkles
*'• . <Xr. ' - '.*<, _ _ .
: ..■'' Mrs. Nettie Harrison's IVIOIeS
LATEST I-URTKAIT
= •..• You probably fully realize how obnoxious
these blemißhes are, but are too sensitive to
Investigate 9 treatment for their removal. Do
■ " ybu know the longer tbese blemishes are al-
. . fnwed to run on unchecked, the more numerous
' thVy become? Consider this coming week your
;• - opportunity, and let me prove to you what
I can do toward renovating your skin. He-
inember investigation costs yon nothing -, l
• " ' have yet found no case of skin affliction be-
.', : yond repair. Consultation strictly private. .No
';'••!• publicity.'
4-DAY HAIR RESTORER
; . Imparts the natural color to gray or faded
'- hji!r. Not a dye. No disagreeable after effects.
' ■or stickiness. SI CO.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Permanently removed by the Electric Needle
os operated by me.
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
la a skin purtner and tissue builder without an
- equal on earth. It Is a natural skin food, uo
■ Jar lasts 'i months. . ■
TDIil DAT CDCE Ladies out of town
IKIAL Jrvl mcc eendlng this coupon .
t '~and 10c in stamps will receive my book of
*" Instructions and a box ■>( Lola Montez Creme
•-* 'and Face Powder FREE.
• MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
" .'• " . V<; v DERMATOLOGIST.
" '40-42 Geary Street, San Francisco.
and lace. If the ribbon and lace are of
excellent quality it is wasting good ma
tt rial on a poor foundation. If they are
not it is a still more unpardonable crime.
For shabby finery is the most heinous sin
committed in fashion's name.
From gown? and wrap? to headgear, of
course. A "sham bonnet." if one must
come in the oar. and uncovered head if
one has a carriage at beck and call. The
sham bonnet Is dressed in with tne hair
and t annot be removed. It is a combina
tion of the milliner's and hairdrsesser's
craft— in fact, a bonnet deftly built on the
locks without the legitimate bonnet
frame. This sham 'bonnet will be a
source of constant joy. The disguise of a
headgear, snatched off at the rise of the
curtain, and later awkwardly readjusted
at random, will- soon be a forgotten
shame.
Flowprs. aigrettes, wired ribbon and
jeweled combs will flourish undisturbed
on well satisfied heads, one simple rule
holding good for all. That rule is that the
hair must serve as a frame, and if a roll
of velvet, silk or satin form a crown the
hair shall show through it. In whatever
arrangement the uncovered hair must be
a feature.
The "donkey-eared" bow is one of the
most girlish "sham bonnets." The velvet
is shaped into four tiny sharp "donkey
ears" and lined with satin. A folded
bias piece of the same velvet is looped
around the knot of hair and is twisted in
front to form the center of the double
donkey-eared bow.
Another pretty style is to substitute two
pairs of dainty, tiny wings for the donkey
ears. The hair should be parted in the
middle and waved loosely over the side
pompadour rolls. The wings must droop
slightly at the tips and the upper pairs
ars a trifle shorter than- the lower ones.
The knot and roll encircling the hair are
this style made of black velvet tulle, with
a semi-coronet of cut steel or rhinestones
surmounting the knot of fabric directly in
front.
For the debutante is an appropriately
youthful and simple decoration devoid of
jewels. Just an aigrette rising from a
bunch of roses. The roses may oe double
or single, but are exaggeratedly large and
have the stems concealed in the pompa
dour.
The most matronly of the sham bon
nets is called the Louis XVI. The hair la
brushed over a pompadour roll that com
pletely encircles the "head. It is then
dressed tyi a loose knot, the ends of which
are curled and pinned flatly down to the
knot. A twist of black velvet twined
around the knot is finished off in front
with a Louis XVI bow. The latter is the
novel part of the head dress. It is made
of white tulle, carefully wired at the
edges under a piping of black velvet. Pas
tiles of black velvet are appliqued to the
tulle, which Is then bent and crinkled into
the fashionable Louis XVI. Mock Jewels
or spangles may be effectively substituted
for the velvet dots.
* • •
Frills of Fashions.
In the first place it Is evident that only
the lightest and most delicate colorings
will be used. There are palest fawn, faint
est hedge sparrow-egg blue, the most
delicate tints of green. AH these shades
will be fashionable, although distinctly.
to my mind, the fawn and pale gray
shades are the best and most becoming.
The cloth used is an entirely new material
called pastelle; a sort of stuff that is most
delicately soft and light, and having
neither cord nor grain. It is made up with
extreme simplicity, sometimes merely
strapped or bound with white satin and
trimmed with a multiplicity of .narrow
stitchings in white, fir else worn with one
of those long, sweeping, princess-shaped
overdresses in guipure lace.
• • •
Girls who affect long redlngotes with
slanting side pockets In front of the hips
are wearing chatelaines, with the pin fas
tened inside of the pocket and the metal
trinkets seemingly tumbling out in merry
jingle jangle. Out of the same pocket, and
uk securely fastened in, puffs the frill of
a priceless lace kerchief.
The wash silks, otherwise known as
silk cheviots, abound among spring im
portations. The new patterns are ex
tremely pretty, many of them showing
the- pin and polka-dotted designs so uni
versally popular. Others are in soft
shades, in stripes of rose -color and reseda,
russet and damask red, pale violet and
chamois color, two distinct shades of
blue or green, etc. The silks, in tiny
hair lines and dots, will be used in the
manner first introduced by Paris and
London tailors, a trim, perfectly fitted
shirt waist being added to traveling,
morning and tennis costumes of woolen
or light " weight cloth. The jacket en
suite this year is close fitting and short,
and this, with the tailor skirt, is formed
of silky English serge, which costs $1 50
a yard*, but is extra wide, requiring a
very little material for both jacket and
gored skirt.
Late flounces will trim the bottom of
plain skirts. A form of lace especially
prepared for flouncing is in a slightly cir
cular shape and is called the "godef
flouncing. These conform to the shape of
the skirt without being gatfiered or pleat
ed This make can also be used with
great effect in the formation of cascades
and other styles of trimming, not only
for skirts but for waists.
• • •
The Easter bridesmaids, the summer
dancinK maid, as well afl the debutante of
the winter season, can have nothing more
appropriate than one of the painted silk
muslins which have some of these rose
designs on faint blue or lemon grounds.
These are mounted over soft silk, such as
surah? ottomans, unstiffened or satin
foulards, so that the foundations are all
limp and trailing, the muslin alone crisp
inK airily about the limbs.
Lizard's modeled in gold and thickly set
with diamonds and emeralds are the fad
of the moment.
Just bike a Man.
The country writhed in the throes of a
terrible war, and the red lightning of bat
tle played Incessantly athwart the rklM
It was with an anxious heart that Mrs.
Smith moved about the house making
ready for dinner, for her husband was a
soldier, and even now was battling :i m'.ie
or so away.
As she went to the door for about the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 136, 1899.
Fashion
fortieth time and looked down the road,
Mrs Smith saw a cloud of dust, bhadmg
her eyes, she looked more Intently, and
soon forms evolved out of the rapidly
moving chaos. It was her husband, hotly
pursued by a squad of the enemy. He
was running for the house like mad, his
pursuers close on his heels.
With a sob, Mrs. Smith sank to the
*"°lf'that isn't just lfke John!" she cried;
"bringing a lot of men home to dinner
that I never saw before, and not a thing
in the house to eat."
BECOMING
COLORS
"Tell you how to choose becoming col
ors?" said William Chase, the famous ar
tist. "Do you know that is ahout the
hardest question I have ever been called
upon to answer? Why, artists study years
to acquire such knowledge, and many of
us descend to our graves feeling we have
not mastered the secret.
"The art of dressing well does not de
pend on the selection of colors alone, but
on the form. I will illustrate: Take the
costumes worn in Trelawny of the Weljs.
The colors are beautiful and the effect at
tractive, but they are not graceful. The
old Greeks are the ones women snoukl
study when seeking graceful effects, and
if they wish harmony of colors, let them
study* old Japanese prints.
"Of course, blondes should aiways
choose what are known among artists as
cool colors; for example, blues, pinks,
greens the many shades of violet, also
white or black. Brunettes have all the
warm tones— yellow, orange, red, with
a few purples and blues— to select from.
"It is more difficult for^a blonde than a
brunette to dress becomingly. All women
■with light hair or eyes fancy they should
wear blue, especially delicate^ tints of
azure, whereas very few of them can at
tempt it successfully. Only blondes with
perfect complexions ought ever attempt
pale blues. Yet it is very generally be
coming to brunettes. Such women do not
To Be Gut irv Style the QoWns Must Be Carefully Fitted to the flips.
need perfect complexions, as it throws
out what little color they may have in
cheeks and lips and has the effect of
clearing the skin. ,
"The same may be said of delicate
shades of yellow, while the reverse Is true
of pink. 'Almost any type excepting a
very red blonde — I mean one with a florid
skin— may wear pink safely, whereas the
brunette or brown-haired woman has to
be careful to secure the right shade. She
need* a pink with a suggestion of yellow.
Another thing to remember about pink,
It Is a shocking telltale, revealing the
Talks on Beauty by Mme. Hygeia
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics ana the hy
eiene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects the questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many qtiestions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
OF ALL the topics for Beauty
Talks that of facial eruptions
Is, perhaps, the least pleasant to
write upon. But the demand for
information upon this subject
has piled up to such enormous
proportions that I. have decided to go at
it hammer and tongs to-day and have it
over with. So. all of you who have writ
ten to me for treatment of 'pimples, please
read, clip and save, so that when I come
to your letters I can just refer you to to
day's Beauty Talk, and so save space ami
get caught up in a measure with the
correspondence which has languished to
such an extent that some of the letters
on my file are over six weeks old.
However, revenons a nos moutons.
Those distressing little spots that come
out on the face arise from various causes,
and, though generally easy to remove,
they sometimes exhibit an obstinacy
equal to that of the proverbial mule. They
are usually an indication of some physical
disorder; either a derangement of tne
digestive apparatus, caused by injudicious
eating; an impure condition of the blood,
or they may come from a neglect of the
laws of hygiene. Sometimes they are sim
ply local irritations. So the more rational
plan Is to find the seat of the trouble and
remedy that. Instead of dabbing all sorts
of ointments and lotions on the face. The
chances are that the local applications
will rot do a particle of good. for. so
long as the cause remains, the effect
will likely travel right along in its trail.
With nine women out of ten the cau&e
ravages of time in the cruekst way.
Whenever the concealment of age is a
consideration it should be avoided.
■ "Moreover, let every woman bear in
mind that pink and red should be worn
above in preference to below the face. I
never saw a woman who was improved
by one of those pink or red collars they
are wearing now— what do you call them"
Stocks. Well, red and pink stocks take
the color out of the face, and as a rule
make the complexion yellow.
"But the strangest mistake to me is that
women insist on wearing a color simply
because it is fashionable and without any
regard to becomingness. I remember
once being called on to paint a girl, quite
a pretty "Jewess she was. and dark, of
course, "who wore a horrible blue waist.
I mean horrible for her. Why, I couldn't
see the girl' 6 face for that detestable bod
ice seemed to shriek and scream at me.
I remonstrated, but she declined to make
a change, owing to the extreme fashion
ableness of the color. What can we ar
tists do when ladies think more of fash
ion than taste!
"If j'ou clever shoppers would only take
the goods before buying, throw it against
the face and use your eyes, you could
easily decide whether or no a color was
becoming. When you do chance to have
an unbecoming tone the effect can bo
modified by using white or cream near the
face. White for blondes and cream for
brunettes. That is a point which all
women will do well to remember — only the
fairest and best cured for blondes should
risk ivory white. All other had best ding
to cream tints.
"Dark greens, blues and purples must
never be attempted by women who have
dark circles under the eyes, or whose
faces have a tendency to hollows. Such
women need flame red, for instance.
"A red-haired woman had best shun all
the reds. Though missing some beautiful
shades, I think she has a wider range
to select from than any other type, un
less it is the brilliant brunette.
"Pale or delicate looking women seldom
look well in any of the grays, tans or
fawns unless they are very skillfully com
bined with warm colors.
"Of course no woman whose hair has
the slightest suggestion of gold or sun
shine should wear yellow next it. Noth
ing takes away the color and luster so
completely. Various shades of red and
the lighter blues look well; then, of
course, white or a bit of bright purple,
but not other colors. Well, I think it
safest for the majority to avoid using
them in the hair.
"From the standpoint of an artist -I ad
mire white and black gowns more than
any other. When properly designed I
have never seen a woman to whom such
a dress was unbecoming."
Hicks— That fellow Aguinaldo is going
to be a troublesome character. The Gov
ernment should do something to get him
is indigestion of some sort or Qther. Nor
is this anything to marvel at when one
takes into consideration the combination
of food that many women put into th«-ir
stomachs. If you wish to see for yourself
go into any of" the down-town restaurants
at the lunch hour and observe the stuff
that women order for their midday meals.
I wandered into one of those places the
other day. and, I pledge you my word, a
pretty girl at the table next to mine or
dered" for her luncheon deviled crab, corn
fritters and a large cup of chocolate,
munching pickles in the meanwhile. She
topped this off with a Urge piece of lemon
pie. If that girl didn't have a good, old
lushioiyd stomach-:icht> that night and a
fine crop of pimples the next morning,
then I'm no prophet. • -
Everything depends upon ihe food you
-cat. and really it is just a.s easy to pat
good, wholesome nourishing, beautifying
food into your stomach as it is to over
load it with pastries, rich ami highly
spiced • dishes and sweets, if you'll just
make up your mind to it. Eat plenty of
fruit particularly for breakfast, boniß
careful however, not to combine the fruit
with the cereals. If this does not keep
active the digestive organs, go to your
druggist and have this prescription rilled:
Extract of dandelion, one dram; powdered
rhubarb, q. s. Divide into three and one
half grain pills and lake one every night
or oitener if necessary.
Nervousness will often bring a crop of
eruptions to the surface of the skin.
When this is the cause, plenty of warm
baths must be taken and lots of exercise
in the open air.
From whatever cause the facial erup
tions come they must be treated with the
where he would never be heard of again.
Wicks— Ye« - the Government should nx
it some way so that we could elect him
Vice President in 1900.— Puck.
First Citizen— The taxes on beer and
liquors make a surprisingly large part of
Second Citizen— Yes. indeed! Its hard to
see how we could expand if we dian t
drink.— Puck.
GOWNS FOR
TRAVELING
A feature of the traveling dress as it
is now in its perfection is its long coat.
Tailors turn out cloth gowns in three
pieces— skirt, shirt and highwayman coat.
The skirt in this instance is just one of
the close-fitting popular affairs.
The shirt is silk or wool, as you please,
but the coat is the thing. It drops well
nigh to the heel, fits the body snugly clear
up to the chin, takes the hips without a
wrinkle, but below it falls in a sort of un
conscious drapery.
Sometimes it closes with a fly-front and
concealed buttons, all seams strapped,
and the hem turned up a little above the
skirt's foot and straight around.
In other cases it closes with a series of
handsome braid ornaments trom shoulder
down ,and is artistically shaped, irregu
larly at the bottom, shorter in front than
behind. Any way you please to have it,
the long coat is predominant and a nec
essary part not only of the spring trav
eler's wardrobe, but belongs in that of
the stay-at-homes.
Under the chin such a coat comes with
in two buttons of the neck, turns back
tiny notched revers. and shows a tie of
gay color on a ripple of cream lace be
tokening the stock shirt beneath.
First Officer— How would you fancy a
sailor for a husband, Miss Curzon?
Miss Curzon— Very much, indeed, if he
were like yourself.
F. O. (highly flattered)— lt'3 extremely
nice of you to say that, but why so?
Miss Curzon — Because you wouldn't be
home much!— Sketchy Bits.
Newly Appointed Father— My dear, I've
decided to buy a phonograph.
Newly Appointed Mother— What for, Al-
Newly Appointed Father— l think it
would 'be nice to show the twins when
they grow up what they owe us as an
apology.— lllustrated Bits.
utmost gentleness. Pimples must never
be irritated. Breaking and bruising the
skin only adds to its diseased condition
and rubbing with a coarse towel is the
worst treatment In the world.
When the face is covered with red
blotches, use this wash: One ounce gly
cerine, one-half ounce rosemary water
and fifteen drops of carbolic acid. Its ap
plication should, of course, be combined
with proper living. Certain articles of
food, such as hot bread, buckwheat cakes,
pastry, cheese, nuts, chocolate and all
sweet, fried and highly seasoned foods,
also wines and beer, have an especial
tendency toward producing pimples, and
should therefore be rigidly excluded from
the dietary. Systematic bnthing and
plenty of exercise in the open air are also
of much importance in effecting a cure.
A good cold cream should also be used.
V'hen the skin is merely Inflamed— that
is. red of color and very tender — a lotion
made of rosewater combined with 2 per
<ir,i of its bulk of carbolic acid will prove
effective.
When the eruptions come to a tiny white
head, they must be carefully opened with
a line needle and the contents gently
pressed out. If this is followed by con
siderable cutaneous irritation, touch the
spots with tincture of myrrh; if the irri
tation is but slight, an application of cold
rrcim is all that will be necessary. Lis
terine diluted in three times as much
boiled water will be fou"nd to be very heal
ing to any sort of a cutaneous eruption.
A small "pinch of borax in two table
spoonfuls of cologne is also good. Use
the listerine for several nights, and then
the borax and cologne for several nights.
There is a peculiar form of eruption
pium-Golored Cloth QoWn, With Skirt of y\ccordior\-Pleated Lilac
Qlace Silk
that sometimes appears on the forehead
and about the nose. It has the appear
ance of tiny seed-pearls imbedded in the
skin and is caused by the obstruction of
the sebaceous glands. These being un
able to rid themselves of their contents
distend and become hardened and promi
nent. The only remedy for these is to
puncture each separately and squeeze out
the contents. The empty gland may ap
pear open and gaping at first, but with a
nightly scrubbing with a camels hair
face-scrubbing brush, tepid water and
castile soap will soon assume a normal
appearance. , .
A paste made of flour of sulphur and
spirits of camphor will chase away tem
porarily almost any sort of pimple.
Answers to Correspondents.
EMMA WILLIAMS— Give the face a
good scrubbing each night with a com
plexion bru&h, tepid water and castile
soap. Rinse and dry thoroughly and then
rub into the skin a good 4 pure cold cream.
A little powdered borax on a bit of linen,
rubbed tightly over the black heads, will
also help. ,
BATHILDE X— Boil slowly an ounce or
walnut bark in a pint of water for an
hour. "Set 1 the* dye by adding, a lump
of alum the size of a hazel nut. Keep
this in a bottle and apply to the eye
brows with a small camel's hair brush. I
think this will give the desired tint. Be
careful not to get the liquid on the skin,
as it will stain it.
CLARA— I cannot give addresses in
these columns, but if you will send me a
stamped addressed envelope I will with
pleasure give you the name of a compe
tent masseuse. I cannot understand why
you have not had better results from the
skin food. Dozens of my correspondents
have written me that it has worked won
ders with their complexions. I am sure
the difficulty with you must be that you
do not use the right movements in mas
saging If your chin became flabby it
mu«t be because you rolled or pinched the
flesh when giving the massage, or your
illness may account for its getting in that
condition. The alum bath is to be given
after the massage, when the skin has
absorbedsthe skin food.
INEZ H— l am delighted that the orange
flower skin food has proved so satisfac
tory You might try witch hazel on the
little red veins, followed by massage with
the skin food, but really I do not think
there is any positive cure for them. Am
sorry. In my beauty talk of January 21
I told all about the removal of moles. As
your letter was written January 20 I feel
more than certain that you saw it.
GERALDINA— The hair was considered
In the Beauty Talk a couple of Sundays
ago. Use the following tonic: Forty
eight grains resorcin, one-half ounce gly
cerine and alc<shol to fill a two-ounce
bottle. Apply every night, rubbing it well
into the scalp. This will remove the
dandruff and inspire the falling locks with
an ambition to stick to your head. When
the hair falls it is. wiser not to brush it
very vigorously.
HELEN HUNT— Please read to-day s
Beauty Talk for information concerning
treatment of pimples. You can use the
skin food for the neck all right, but think
you will get quicker results by massaging
with equal parts of lanolin, cocoanut oil
and cocoa butter, melted together. In the
morning bathe the neck with tepid water
and rub briskly with a rough towel until
the flesh is all rosy from the friction.
The only trouble in using the skin food
on the eyelashes is that you are apt to
get it in the eyes, which would probably
irritate and inflame them.
F. H.— Please try this astringent wash
for the coarse pores: Take a half pint
bottle and place in it three tablespoonsful
of fresh, uncooked cucumber juice. Half
fill the bottle with elderflower water and
then add two tablespoonsful of eau de
cologne. Shake well and add very slowly
half an ounce of simple tincture of ben
zoin, shaking the mixture now and then.
Fill the bottle with elderflower water. Be
Sure that there are no settlings in the
benzoin.else it will be apt to curdle the
lotion. Use two or three times a day. let
ting it dry on the skin. Use the following
lotion on.'the face before applying powder.
It is quickly absorbed by the skin and
will make the powder stick nicely: Gum
tragaeanth, whole, 30 grains; rosewater,
7 ounces; glycerine, one-half ounce; alco
hol, one-half ounce. Soften the traga
eanth in the rosewater for a day or two,
and strain forcibly through muslin or
cheesecloth. Then add glycerin and al
cohol, previously mixed, shake well and
perfume to suit. Be sure that your pow
der is pure and of the best quality. If it
is not it will surely roughen your skin.
ANXIOUS— First of all. discard all
pads. Then follow directions siren in
foregoing reply to Helen Hunt, treating
the bust in the same manner.
MYRTLE H— l am very sorry, but I
haven't the faintest idea who the doctor
is that you icfer to. Nor do I know of
any one" in this city who performs the
operation you mention. Why do you not
try to get* rid of your wrinkles by feed
ing the tissues a"nd strengthening the
muscles? This can be done by systematic
massage with the orange flower skin food.
I should never advise the cutting method.
For the coarse pores, bathe the face al
ways in cold water, and use the astrin
gent wash suggested to F. H. They are
very obstinate always. The diet has a
great deal to do with their coming. The
food must be free from fat or grease if
the skin is to be refined and nice.
ALICE V.— Gentle pinching will work
wonders in shaping a nose. Do not use
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
BSi^^»iT« removed by . the Philadelphia
BAJXjMK Electrolysis Company, Donohoe
E^Sir^W building, IK" Market street, cor.
CtVJSi fpjl Taylor, rooms 2S-29, with the
KbD£F^£jS electric needle, without pain or
HWa£^» scar. Moles, warts, wrinkles.
W7W —-^m, blackheads, freckles, birthmarks.
UMb|^dH etc., also removed. Permanency
JmMtmmttUm guaranteed. Hours, 1 to 4 p. m.
the alum water unless the nose is too
fleshy.
ENKEQUITA A.- I am. sure yen arc
too sensible a girl to think for even a
minute of enameling your face. I could
tell you all *orts of woeful tales of
women who have been silly enough to
plaster their faces with enamel. They
never wanted a second coating, I can as
sure you of *hat. The red nose indicates
inpure blood- or defective circulation.
Regular exercise and careful diet are
very necessary. Take hot footbaths at
nigfrt and use diluted witch ha"z*'l as an
external application. A pa^t" which can
be put on at night will take the redness
away. It is made by taking one teaspoon
ful of glycerin and two teaspoonfuls of
water and adding enough prepared chalk
to make a paste
RACHEL N.— For the freckles, dissolve
fifteen grains of borax in one ounce of
lemon juice and apply to the face every
night with a small soft brush. Am sorry,
but I do not happen to have the formula
for a particularly good liquid powder.
If you will send me a stamped addressed
envelope I will give you the name of a
prepared liquid powder that I can recom
mend.
M. B.— ln Sunday's Call, February 12.
there appeared a special Beauty Talk on
the care of the hair. I hope you found
in it something that entirely fitted your
case.
INQUISITIVE— The recipe that you
wish calls for equal parts of lanolin,
cocoanut oil and cocoa butter, melted to
gether. Please read foregoing replies to
Helen Hunt and Anxious.
BROWN EYES— HaIf a teaspoonful of
ammonia, to a tablespoonful of pr-roxide
of hydrogen is about the proper propor
tion.
NETTIE J.— The tonic that you had
prepared should not make the hair
greasy, particularly if you are careful to
apply it only to the scalp and not to the
txair Itself. When the hair is excessively
oily or the scalp unusually ?rowded with
dandruff, it should be shampooed once
a week, and occasionally an egg sham
poo is more beneficial than the usual
one of soap. The simplest recipe is the
yolk of an egg. thoroughly beaten, in one
ounce of rosemary spirits and one pint
of very warm water. Rinse well in. sev
eral waters. I sincerely hope that this
tr. :itment will benefit you.
DOLORES B.— To-day's Beauty Talk
will answer your question.
A. I. D. W.-I am very sorry, but I
could rot make out your letter.
AN INQUIRER— Whon the face Is too
red for comfort much of the color can
be got rid of by active pedestrtanlsm, ,t
well-ventilated bedioom, no tight bands
or corsets and a diet of ripe pears,
oranges and figs. Put the hands and feet
in hoi water, in which is a a little
mustard powder, every night. Avoid hot
drinks, eat very slowly and be out in the
open air as much as possible.
PANSY BLOSSOM— You need have no
ft-ars in using the peroxide of hydrogen
on the superfluous hair. Add to It a
s-mall quantity of ammonia. This will
deaden the bairs in time and so check
their growth.
COMFORTABLE -GOWN FOR "CONSTITU«
XIONAL" WALKING,
2728
Matrimonial Marts of Paris.
Mow Match-Making Is Conducted by the Big •% s^o-Date Marriage Bureaus in France.
PARIS. Jan. 25.— Now that they are
- much about the depopu
. Franci . marriage agen
an becoming popular In the
capital. I wondered if an
American, young, rich, talented
and handsome, would stand a chance in
30 I called on old
"Pere-en-Rappbrt." He told me not to
iir.
••1 have married infirm people." he said
eath, •"lame people, hump
. .1 men and cor-k-
I women. Marriage is an association
and 11 den to no one. No one is
■, by nature that he may not
hope for an auxiliary. France is fertile
oted companions, but how .discover
without the aid o-f the Union dcs
JYladame, the Matchmaker, Presented Me to the frettvj /\ctress.
Families?"
"How?" I repeated.
"And we have never had a divorce! On
ntrary, every mail brings/us thank
s' v. listen "
■ 1.1 man snatched up a letter
from his desk.
"TULLE, Jan. 4, 1899.— Monsieur:
Thanks to you. I have put my hand
on an honest woman.
"DUMONI -BERGERAC."
After he had recovered his breath he
went on:
"That pretty brunette whom you saw in \
the waiting room is at her sixth interview
to-day, but it is my idea that she prefer* ,
the second man 1 introduced to her— a ;
doctor from Fecamp. They pleased each j
oth< r. They loved each other. Why
Bhould not stntime ts of affection and es- i
FRATERNAL NEWS.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
The official visits during the past week
by Grand Patriarch Harris were to Re
lief Encampment at Petaluma and to
Live Oak Encampment at Napa. On the
visit to the first named ie was accom
panUG by J. F. Crosett, W. T. Galloway
■ and C. W. Derby. On tlie visitation to
Live Oak he was accompanied by George
T. Shaw Colonel- H. Q. Brower, Jonn
. Thompson, W. S. Potter, W. W. \\atapn
and J. B. Clifford. At each place he vis
itors were well received, and after the
business of the visits were over there was
open-handed hospitality to the visitors
and a display in each encampment oi
high fraternal fellowship.
The Patriarchs Militant have under con
sideration a proposition to hold a picnic
in celebration of the anniversary of the
order, which falls on the 26th of April.
ODD FELLOWSHIP (M. IT.)
. Mission Lodge gave its monthly social
evening last Monday, and it was well at
tended. The committee that had charge
of the affair presented for the entertain
ment of the many present a fine pro
gramme of music and singing, and then
closed with a dance until midnight. The
lodge will give an entertainment in Mis
sion Opera Hall in April in celebration
of the Dewey victory.
THE REBEKAHS.
The masquerade that was given last
Monday night in Memorial Hall of the
I. O. O. F. building by Loyal Rebekah
Lodge was a very pleasant affair, one of
the most enjoyable of the many that this
lodge has given. There was a very large
■ attendance of ladies and gentlemen in
costume and mask, and many of the at
tires were really attractive. The prizes
were awarded as follows: Handsomest
character by a lady, Miss Bland as
Columbia; best costume by a gentleman,
George Walcom as the court fool; most
original character by a lady to Miss
Minerva Van Doren, who wore a half
mourning gown with small American
flags at half-mast and other emblems
-which went to make up the character "in
half-mourning for the brave men of the
Maine"; most original character by a
gentleman, the parson by John T. Gib
son. Miss Edna Ten Eyck, Miss May
Springer and M. Moore were declared to
be the best group of three. Miss Annie
Lawrence was awarded a special prize
•as the Fishermaiden and Mrs. <;. W.
Leathe was also awarded a special prize
for being a newspaper girl. T-he function
was under the control of the following
directors of amusement: Ruby A. Jewell.
Mrs. E. M. Cyrus, Florence Linehan,
Mrs' Wright, .Dr. Jacobs, R. A. Daniels
a! Orient3l"Rebekah Lodge will at its
meeting next Wednesday initiate ten can
didates and there will be during the cere
mony several new features in the floor
work, which will add very much to the
int c rerft of the affair.
The fancy dress party that was given
en the ISth by Templar Lodge was well
' attended and proved to be a mo.st en
joyable affair. There ware many pretty
«u*aiumes and many that were decidedly
teem be born here as elswehen ? That
blonde lady who was reading a nov< l Is a
widow, l presented a newspaper man to
her— another affair almost concluded. Ex
cept that tn their first Interview he
. ■ d of having written eight continued
-. and sin- desired to read them
first. "
"Is she rea^ng them?"
"She is. She is now perusing "The Bride
of the Rope' while waiting for him. 1
think he is playing dominoes in the cafe
h e ] ow _it jp always well to make them
wait a little. Monsieur, now you know the
whole mechanism of our establishment.
Shopkeepers, clerks, employes, doctors.
lawyers, notarit s and even journalists ad
dress themselves to us. If you are seri
ous in desiring: to marry you have only
to indicate the kind of wife you want
and give me your subscription to our
weekly paper, the Union dcs Families; 15
francs for one month. 2h francs for two
months, or 35 francs for three months.
When you are satisfied you may also give
us a present, in money, on your marriage
day. 1 leave that to your honor and your
generosity.'
"Pere-en-Rapport," as he is called, or
"Father Put-Together," directs his mar
riage bureau from the, Batignolles. His
paper does honest work. What distin
guishes the concern is the class of peo
ple it deals with— folk from the middle
class of life—extremely honest and intel
ligent—and citizens from the various
smaller cities of France. The feminine
clientele -is almost exclusively provincial.
Paris drains the young men of all France.
original. It was one of the most enjoy
able functions that this lodge has ever
given. ___
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
Past Grand master William Henry
Barnes will on the 10th of March deliver
: an address at a joint meeting of Califor
nia Lodge and Occidental Lodge of the
j Workmen and Dawn Hope Lodge of the
Degree of Honor in Oakland.
Bay Cfty Lodge of Eureka gave a
| grand entertainment and banquet last
: week. There was a good attendance and
| much enthusiasm.
Washington's birthday was observed
by the Workmen of Nevada City by a
great public entertainment.
Last Wednesday there was a district
! meeting of the San Jose lodges in the
I Garden City.
Last Tuesday seventy-five members of
Oakland Lodge paid a fraternal visit to
the lodge in Haywards and there was a
good time all round.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Jewell Lodge No. 84 was instituted at
Hopland by the grand chief of honor, who
was assisted by a dozen of the members
of Anchor Lodge of Ukiah. Mrs. L. Lance
is the chief of honor and Mrs. Belle Gib
son the recorder. A banquet followed the
installation.
Estella Lodge No. 83 gave an entertain-
I ment recently to the member? of the local
lodge of Workmen and entertained them
with a very fine programme.
Next Wednesday a new lodge will be
I instituted in West Berkeley. New lodges
i will be instituted at Madera, Etna Mills
; and in this c4ty.
Ivy Lodge celebrated Washington's
i birthday by a grand entertainment in its
hall in Oakland. The hall was most pro
fusely and artistically decorated by the
ladies of the lodge and they felt very
proud of their work. The programme was
I of a patriotic character and was greatly
I enjoyed.
THE NATIVE SONS.
There is no parlor in the city at this
time that Is making a better showing
than Stanford No. 76. During the term of
John J. McCarthy there was, with the
I highest initiation fee of any parlor of the
j order, the admission of twenty members
i by initiation and since the close of his
, term on the last day of last year there
i have been received into the parlor as
members by initiation,- twenty-five more.
| Among the recent additions to the roll of
membership are A. P. Hotaling Jr., Dr.
i Washington Dodge, D. E. Allison Jr.,
; Harry Baehr and a number of men well
j known in the mercantile ranks. The mem
| bership of the paxlor is now 290 and it
i has assets to the amount of about $vkio.
Mission Parlor has made arrangements
I to give a grand Cakewalk in Mission Par
! lor Hall, on the night of the od of March.
; Last Wednesday Grand Secretary Luns
| tedt. and Edward D. McCabe went to Son
oma, where there was a celebration of
I the day of the Father of his County, un
der the auspices of Sonoma Parlor. There
{ was an address oi welcome by Benjamin
THIS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
"hey break with their own towns; the
■nuns girls they fancied marry, else
vhere. In Paris, the young provincial,
i.>w become a Parisian, lias for his
riends men only. He has a good time—
>ut one day he awakes to find himself
without the knowledge of a girl fit to
narry.
•I should like to have a Breton girl,"
said, "because the Bretons are relig
»us, and my wife must be religious."
The old man rang his bell. "Book No.
9!" He gleaned a dozen photographs from
s many pages and passed them over to
ne— photographs of girls from Nantes,
r annes, Remes and Quimperle. I decided
or Nantes. The picture' showed a neat
erious looking girl, a trifle melancholy.
"A well conducted girl, half orphan,
without a father, reared in religious sen
timents, and whose mother, detesting the
town in which she saw her husband die,
would willingly accompany her daughter
to Paris." This he read from notes.
"Three other young men have looked
favorably on that portrait." he remarked
severely. "And I think the time has come
to send to Nantes."
"Three other men!" I exclaimed.
"Of course, three others!" he answered
with Indignation. "Or a dozen others, if
I had them! Do you expect a young Kirl
and her mother to take a six hour rail
way journey in order that you alone may
have the pleasure of inspecting them?
You cannot throw your handkerchief at
serious pirls. They want to have a choice
as much as you do. Again, before I in
troduce you, I must have an outline or
Weed, D. D. G. P.. the singing of "The
Star Spangled Banner." by Miss Shilling;
jan oration by Edward D. McCabe;
••America." by Miss Hope; an interest-
I ing. patriotic and. stirring address by the
grand secretary and the singing of "Co
lumbia, the Gem of the Ocean, >r by Miss
Hope. Then there was dancing and a fine
dinner.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
A new parlor. Aloah No. IW. was in
! Btituted in California Hall in Oakland last
| Thursday night by Past Grand President
Mrs. Belle W. Conrad in the presence of
i a large number of members of the order
; from this side of the. bay.
Calaveras Parlor is making arange
| ments for an entertainment to be given
I in the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
i building on the sth of next April.
Last Thursday night Grand President
Mrs. Mills instituted a new parlor at Hol
| lister with a good charter list. It will
be known as No. 105.
The institution of the new parlor at
Comanohe and which will be numbered
in was postponed from the 18th to last
evening.
The grand president visited Angelita
Parlor at Livermore on the 18th inst. A
new parlor will soon be instituted in
Pleasanton.
Pine Burr Parlor was instituted on the
17th inst. at Colfax with twenty-five char
ter members present. There were present
thirty-seven members from the parlor in
Grass Valley and five from Sierra parlor
lin Dutch Flat. Mrs. M. E. Walford is
, the president of the new parlor and Mlsn
I Alice Kilgo the secretary.
At the last held meeting of Golden State
< Parlor No. 00 there were present as visit
i ors: Mis Mac Wilkin of Santa Cruz Par
| lor. Miss Fenstermacher and Miss Minnie
S Klevershal of La Estrella Parlor.
NATIONAL UNION.
The San Francisco Cabinet will pay an
official visit to El Dorado Council on the
evening of the 3d of March.
Yosemite Council at its meeting last
: Monday received one application for mera
! borship and made arrangements to secure
the services of an organist for each meet-,
ing. _____
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
The Washington birthday ball, musical
I and literary entertainment given by Court
! Apollo No. 3946, I. O. F.. in Mission Opera
| Hall last Wednesday night was in every
way a great success. The programme
was an excellent one and was made up of
ten numbers of vocal and Instrumental
I selections, recitations and fancy dancing.
1 those who contributed to the enjoyment
of the many present being: Professor
i Piceirrillo's mandolin and guitar orches
! tra. C. Edwards Humphreys, \V. A. Con
nelly, Professor C. H. Randall, Mrs. R.
A. Daniels, Professor A. W. Black. Miss
! Hattie Griffiths. Mrs. Frankie Schuster,
Miss C. Seav/ard and Miss Sadie Johnsen.
All the numbers were well received, but
j those which were received with more than
i usual approbation was the vocalization
of Mrs. Daniels and the dancing of Miss
Griffiths. C. Nielsen. F. L. Griffiths, W.
W. Watson, R. A. Daniels and W. 11.
; Brown were the committee of arrange-
I ments. Then followed a dance until mid
night, with R. A. Daniels as floor man
i ager.
High Chief Ranger McElfresh visited
i tbt court at Solano last Thursday night
your life and ways. Do you agree to give
me that?" ■
"Yes, certainly." •
"Then come back in a week."
I did go back— in thr^e days— but only
because Pere-en-Rapport had written me
a note to say that the young girl from
Nantes refused to marry a foreigner. I
found him as hopeful as ever, with three
other splendid matches for me.
This was getting serious. It seemed
better to investigate another matrimonifil
agency, and I fell very shortly on a less
! straightforward one. "1 want a rich mar
riage," 1 said, shamelessly, to a rather
i tricky looking, middle-bged lady who ad
vertised them in the Lanterne. I must
1 say that she looked -me over critically.
1 I therefore hastened to reassure her.
"The lady's past is not of so much im
portence to me," I said.
"You are right," she answered, and she
brightened with a smile. "I know these
ladies, and perhaps I can do your affair
for you. For myself, I prefer them to
those pretentious little middle class
.laughters of families who know nothing
and who are never content. What will
you get from one of those agencies like
that in the Batignolles? An old maid,
who, in exchange' for a small dot, ex
p, <!s a husband who will adpre her. Oh.
no! don't talk to me of the little bnur
geoise. They will never go out of certain
occupations for men. Their ambition is
to marry an engineer or manufacturer.
You are wise, young man," she repeated,
With conviction. "I will get you an act
ress—rich, witty, a trifle passee, perhaps,
but a superb match!"
Her little fat eyes gleamed with antici
pation. It was clear I was to be victim
ized, but it would be worth something to
see it out.
"Monsieur," she went on,, in a manner
meant to be tempting, "with women who
have lost their class there is no disad
vantage at all. There are no notaries or
guardians to divide with and no parents
to be inquisitive about the spending of
the dot. You deal frankly with them—
no treason! no heart mysteries! no de
ceptions! She will sa> to you. 'Yes, 1
I have had romances. It was the Prince de
j G. or the Marquis de Y. But let us not
speak of that. Let us speak of the fu
ture, not the past.' That is what she will
say to you. And ha? she not the right to
impose conditions? . She has money. She
can choose her husband. You are not the
only one who offers himself. There are
nobles!"
"Authentic nobles?"
"Authentic, authentic? I do not know.
No one insists on that. Only if you were j
titled, with a real baptismal register, you j
could make one of these rich marriages
immediately. If your father had only put
a 'de' to his name— but I forget; you are a
foreigner."
"Then how shall I succeed against three
noblemen?"
"Appear to he serious, intelligent, hon
est! These ladk-s are always afraid their
husbands will waste their money. They
want honest husbands, good young men;
proper, respectable, honorable. That is
the style for you. young man. Appear to
be intelligent. Pretend y>u are a journal
ist. Another thing, and it is a little deli
cate. Are you good?"
"How — good?"
"Are you sound in wind and limb?"
"I should hope so, at my age "
"So much the better— but— m-m-m. one
can never be sure. Young men are not
always what they should be nowadays.
They drink too much, they smoke too
much, they keep late hours. Tf you are
good, so murh the better. I have a wile
for you. a beauty and she will make your
life a paradise. Fifty francs, now, in ad
vance."
I paid her 35.
Thirty-five francs is $7.
She gave me an appointment with tht>
lady in one of the interminable picture
galleries of the. Louvre.
"One instant," T begged. "What is her
character of mind? How shall 1 fit my
conversation to her taste? Shall T talk of
the theater, politics, travel, music, litera
ture or the remembrances of my child
hood? Does she desire to be amused or
have her heart touched?"
"Between the two."
I went to the Louvre and waited. The
lady came! She was really beautiful,
dressed with quiet elegance. She had
charming manners, almost timid. She |
could not have been more than 32 years
old. Madame, the matchmaker, was with
her. She presented me and walked away.
The charming "lady with a past" sat
down. We Bpoke a few moments, I think,
of the grandeur of my native land and
the happiness of American wives. "Oh,
Mon .Dieu!" she interrupted. "It is 4
o'clock, and I have an engagement with
my dressmaker at 3:30! Bon jour! An
other time!"
That was all. I think there was no mar
riage .intended. I think the beautiful lady
is already married. She is good and re
spectable. She needs pocket money, and
the marriage broker gives her half the
proceeds of each deal. Otherwise— but
otherwise I do not like to think of it. It
is not flattering to the man who paid his
35 'francs clown— for a rich Parisian wife.
STERLING HKILIG.
! and returned to this city last night. v.'.
During the past week Court Precita gave
a very enjoyable party at which there
were many Foresters and friends.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
There was a quiet business" meeting of
the members of Aurora Lodge last Mon
day night. During the evening there was '
an address by Grand Protector Mrs. L.
J. "Wheolock, in which she gave an ac
count of reports received from .several
of the lodges showing . that they have
got "the move. *n" fever and are work
ing hard to Increase the membership.
. Bay City Lodge has sent out notices
to sixteen .applicants for membership to
appear in the lodgeroom to-night for ini
tiation. •
Golden Rule Lodge had work In the In
itiatory degree last Thursday night.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Leland Stanford Lodge has adopted a
resolution requesting the delegate to the
next Grand Lodge to do his utmost to se- ;
cure the re-election of Prescott L. Archi
bald as grand dictator for the ensuing i
term.
The seventh irnternal reunion of the
lodges of this order was held last Mon
day night, when Saxon and Keystone
lodges visited Anchor Lodge In Wash
ington Hall. There was a good pro
gramme, and the bent of feeling pre
vailed. These reunions are proving
very popular, and the attendance grows
larger at each successive meeting.
The visit of Occidental and Far West '
lodges to Polar Star Lodge was a very j
Interesting one. There was a large at
tendance, and there were many bright
and Interesting addresses, one being ny
Past Grand Dictator Barnes,
The smoker given last Monday night :
by Yerba Buena Lodge was one that de
monstrated that the members of the
lodge understand the art of giving an
affair of that kind. There were present
at least a hundred and twenty-five.. In- ;
eluding several dictators ana reporters
from .other lodges, who were there to
take points on the art of givng a smoker.
The lodge provided a fine collation, good
cigars and •= a fine programme" of music,
instrumental and vocal, and many spe
cialties, which furnished a very . agree
able evening's entertainment/ '1 he prin
cipal address was that delivered by Grand j
Reporter Johnstone. and as a result of
his eloquence strangers to the number of |
twenty-three, signed applications, to be
come members of the lodge.
Yofiemite Lodge was visited, last week
by P. L. Archibald, O. D.. and Thomas
Learned. A. G. D.. and a very pleasant.;
evening was spent.
LADIES OF Till-: MACCABEES.
California Hive had its officers installed
by Mrs. Moffatt, S. D. L. C. This hive will
give a snow party on the 28th inst. j
The officers of the  central committee
were Installed last week. Mrs. Mary E.
Salmond is the chairman and Mrs. F. N.
Morrow the secretary. ;■ The 'committee
will hold its first meeting in Oakland on
Tuesday next. ■ .. . ■ -
The members of the order are getting
ready for the session of the grand : body
to be held in the month of March in this
city. . ________
AMERICAN GUILD.
Reports from the chapters in this city.
Palmistry
5O MANY thousand impressions of
palms have been forwarded to this
departmeni for reading that it has
Ik i v decided not to receive any
more until those on hand are an-
swered, This is done in justice to the
palmist and to those who might forward
impressions and : be obliged to wait a long
time before a careful reading could be
made in this column.
» » ♦
MASTER .E. L. C. Vallejo— A charming
nature, loving and true. Will enjoy good
health after his tenth year; two illnesses
between S and 10, not serious. He will
have success through the influence of
others; will make many true, stanch
friends.
MISS JOSIE S., San Jose— A wonderful
hand in many respects. Inclined to jeal
ousy through your intense nature. You
are practical, often misunderstood by
others, making enemies when you do not
intend to offend. A woman who will have
great good fortune in money matters. Will
be left a widow with a large estate; hus
band will die suddenly.
MISS ELLA P.. Gilroy— A very impul
sive, daring, original nature; inclined to
go to extremes; generous; frank; weak
constitution, interfering with your ca
reer; intellectual. Many influences in
your life of no particular benefit to you.
MARGARET E.. Sacramento— Fine ca
pacity for thought and action— logical,
conservative. A good commander; great
executive ability, yet great maternal
love. A woman whose heart rules—high
est type of love steadfast and true; one
who has been -disappointed by loved ones;
cmc long voyage.
MRS. MAGGIE F.— You are a woman
who goes to extremes; three mar
riages- not practical enough for your
own good; many struggles; poor sue
,, ss until alter 40.
WILLIAM J. C. G.-Thoroughly mate
rial nature; good business ability: gener
ous to those you love- cautious in money
matters; success after many struggles
MRS. E L. G.,— A good housekeeper
careful and prudent; much trouble and
annoyance; one who has a S°od le\e
head; fine flnanciaJ prospects ahead,
W N t 2T^B«H Mateo-You are your own
worst enemy. All your serious trouble
has come* through your dissipations. You
a,'-, indifferent to public
opinion. More Will than reason. Pond of
horses and dogs. Inconstant in affairs of
the heart. Poor success through lite.
MISS LANTINE P., San Jose— A most
ardent affectionate nature; thoroughly
independent: one whose heart rules her
head. One great sorrow through your af
fection for one of the opposite sex One
marrat,. to a person of rather a gloomj
temperament. Money through your own
''^MASTER H., Healdsburg— You have
great ambition for wealth. Your dispo
fition is sunny and phlegmatic Your
father will die when you arc 20, leaving
you a large estate. You will meet with
a serious accident between 20 and -l. Will
narrowly escape drowning. You love
horses and family. Are religious. Will
always be prosperous.
W H z! Howard street— Thoroughly
independent; Bohemian nature. Fond of
speculation, but not lucky in matters of
chance. Good business al.ility Affec
tionate, but not sensual. Fond of art, lit
"mlSS SSffw.. San Diego- A quiet
uneventful life; one happy marriage. A
cautious, intifitive nature. Willful and
'T^LLIAM J. C. G.-Happiness de
stroyed by the blunders of others. One
marriage; long life. Aggressive, affection
ate Not fond of study. Success in
money matters. Easy going, cautious
nature. Good commercial qualities; firm.
Thoroughly material nature.
CHARLES D.— A man fond of good liv
ing; excellent taste; generous. A good
entertainer. Inclined to go to extremes,
vet cautious when great undertakings are
concerned. Aptitude for scientific studies.
Thoroughly level headed: practical na
ture- broad minded and independent. One
who dislikes to assume responsibilities.
MRS R. S.— A sensual, ease loving na
ture Many disappointments in money
matters. Visionary; inclined to plan more
than you have force of will to execute.
Manv'changes within the next two years.
MISS CLARA H.— A passionate, ardent
nature- "one who speaks her mind free
ly " Inclined to violent jealousy. Sensi
tive and cautious about everything con
cerning self. Intellectual: firm, awo mar
r es g a j _one unhappy. A woman of great
capabilities. Much travel.
MISS R. S. V. P.— A refined, spiritual
nature; capacity for der-p affection— too
deep for your own good, often causing
great sorrow. Analytical, logical, inde
pendent in thought and action. Strong
minded. Fine practical imagination. Ap
titude for occult sciences. Very eventful
life Exceedingly artistic temperament.
MRS H.. Van Ness avenue — A sternly,
Individualized nature; great independence
of thought and action; ambitious. Many
trials and disappointments. Poor health
i in old age.
MISS I. H.. Van Ness avenue— A deh
cate sensitive nature; ambitious, but
lacking in the necessary health and
strength to carry out your aspirations.
Petaluma, "Watsonville and Mill Valley
show that there is a degree of activity
in tbe line of adding to the numhesrlp.
Lust week the chapter in Petaluma
save an entertainment which attracted a
good attendance and there was a pleas
ant evening: of music and .song.
The order paid out $12. r ,,<)00 during the
year IS9B.
B'NE B'RITH.
1. S. Aschheim, who has just been re
elected grand secretary of the District
Grand Lodge of the I. O. B. 8., deserves
the compliment that has been paid him
—that of giving him the unanimous vote
of the delegates to retain him in the po
sition he has most creditably tilled dur
ing the past year. Since he has been in
office he has proved himself most efficient;
also extremely courteous, not only to the
members of the order but to those who
have had occasion to consult him fn con
nection with matters relating to the or
der. At the several sessions of the recent
ly held Grand Lodge he proved his cour
tesy in giving out for publication all such
matters as could be published, and that
without a murmur, even after "hairing
< ' !i engaged all day with the multlf.ui
ous duties of the session and having li.i.i
to answer hundreds of questions miring
the day.
FORESTERS OF AM F.HI (A
Court Inter Nos of the F*or*Sttft >' f
America on last Tuesday night hn.i R \ W >
well attended and exceedingly Pl<
•octal in the social hall <>f the /MeaMV
where those who are fond of daneiftl <■>«
joyed a good programme mulct th<
Mon of Thomas F. Blake, the Boor man
iger, assisted by .H. C. H«n*fn, >: t'
Coyle, F. L. Bache mid W N Hmiih.
ixirlng the evening the retiring p : iM ohlef
ranger. H. P. Coyle. was .•nil. ,1 i>> thf
front and on behalf of the. pour] !">•
rented a very fine emblematic ' ■
his rank in the order as n token <<t thf
high esteem he in held In b] Ml
members. Mr. Coyle is n qonneleiltlOUS
Forester, and while In the ,h;>ii ill .in
excellent officer.
Court Sutro Heights at it« i»*t held
meeting received eight proportions for
membership and appointed ■ oomralttee
to arrange fqf the anniversary Imll that
! will be given on a day t<> be named as
j soon as It shall be deotutd In what hall it
will take place.
FRIENDS OF THI FOIIKST.
There was a large attendance of the
membership of Lincoln Lo4ft iMi Mon
day night. There were Initiated two la
' dies and one gentleman, and there are
several more to In ar from. Inability to
attend the meetings regularly was the
reason for the resignation of the organist
of the lodge. Mrs. Belle Hicks waa elect
ed to fill the vacancy. Am Washington
Hall, in which the lodge has been holding
its meetings, hiis changed hands, the
lodge decided to vacate and ■ committee
was appointed to secure new quarters.
The monthly social will be fenriwd until
a new place is secured and then It will
be merged Into a hnusewarmlng.
COMPANIONS OF THB P ; OF A.
Last Tuesday night the grand < hi. f
companion, i. w. Coburn, accompanied by
Mrs. Flora Jacobs, grand sub-chief com
panion; Mrs. A. Davis, grand trustee; Mrs.
Atwood and Mrs. Carah, past grand Chief ,
Mad 'f£toana-
MRS. ESTHER D. D.— You are cau
tious, sensitive, proud, ambitious— inclined
to periods of gloom. Your nature is gen
emu:-. You have been thwarted in your
greatest aspirations. You have a high
strung, delicate omstiuition. Much travel.
GEO. R., Ellis street— Power of inven
tion along practical lines. A good mechanic
or engineer. Thoroughly material—in
clined to spend m^riey foolishly. A na
ture restless and excitable. More will than
logic: energetic, impulsive: ardent and
passionate; inconstant in affairs of the
heart. One who has not made the best of
his life; true, strong attachments.
END OF "CAVENDISH"
Special to The Sunday Call.
% FEW days ago the whist world was startled by the sad announcement
- A Thalvcivendfsh .- the great whist authority, had answered L th« > last call
A Peacefully, quietly, and without pain, death came to him after a fen
that '.'Cavendish." the great whist authority, had answered the last
Peacefully, quietly and without pain, death came to him after a
M weeks of lingering illness, at his home in London, England Wed.,
* ■*■ February 15. in the sixty-eighth year of his. age, surrounded by his family
and a" V "Cavendish to the whist world only; this was his pseudonym under
4? S. %£' SS? ife^S&^ was plain Henry Jones
"GavtendisK," the Whist Authority.
Henry Jones. "Cavendish," the great whist authority, died a few
days ago. He was educated for a surgeon, but later gave it up and devoted
his" life to literary pursuits. His first book. '"Cavendish on Whist," was pub
lished in 1862. It has gone through twenty-two editions and has been trans
lated into all the European languages. Cavendish made two trips to America,
in 1893 to visit the World> Fair and in 18% to attend the sixth American
Whi.st League congress.
- ■ . •
—as he said to the writer a few years ago. "Don't Mister me; call me Jones,—
Pla Ve O n a mV^e^ S sh C^Ta s t r re C &ffig&* a whist club to which he be
lon !le d n^ S^^as^o^^^o^^SdT^emb^ 2. W l. At the age of 9he
under thr ?ea.t physician and surgeon. Sir William Lawrence, Bart. At, the age
° f Su?|eS l was his "and^ greatly loved his chosen profession. He re
main"din active practice for twenty years. He was also an active member of
the D^rS SSIS few SU ce r O nS of°hiii,ric^e he took up library work, and de
-I?\S^OcSSSSSt^n Whist." in 1862. . The first copy
that name from the press was presented to his father, suitably inscribed by Sir
wfllianV Pole ™he great whist philosopher, with compliments of the -author; he
wanteftocet his father's opinion of the new work, without letting him know
his «on w-ote it- he had Pole inscribe- it. as his father, would recognize
the nandwr°ting if he did it himself. This identical copy was sent to .the writer,
and was kept for some time as one of the curios of the San Franc.sco Whist
This whist work of "Ca-vendish" has gone through twenty-two editions, an*
it has be^n published in German. French. Spanish. Italian and several other lan.
guales To-day '•clvendish on Whist" is looked upon as the standard of authori
ty in a Teat majority of tho whist clubs of America. dedication of "The Ev 0 .
y In thf writings of Sir William Pole, F. R. S., in his dedication of The Evo
-lUti °?n O m v V endea'vo 1 r fe to a tr are out the evolution of whist. I have found one name
not think me too presumptuous in JgWge , IBM at the time of the
Pfmfln" ?i£!V^Kr."S 1 % t £3i. tSos»tr«r. O «.BUnu^y with you all in
America." «,,,~ n v- fnr thp whist nlavers of California, and say they will
We know we can speak for tne „„ ,„ r*nUt\- and with heavy hearts and
in spirit at least, if -they cannot do so^^^ an^witn nea laurel wreath.
»|^^^2§?|^g||gg electing him^n^nora^mem-
companions; Mrs. J.fWelssel. chief com
i.anlon of Live Oak Circle, and Dr. At-
Is>t\ of HoMn Hood Circle visited Golden
Oate Circle, the occasion being the official
vASt to he Brand officers. There was
an exemplification of the work, a number
of addresses and the- serving of a light
collation to the visitors and members.
In reply to a communication from a
member of Bonlta Circle, asking why no
notice wua taken In The Call of the offi
cial visitation to and presentation of a
token to the grand chief companion by
that circle, it is only necessary to state
that had the correspondent read The Call
she could not have failed to see a notice
of that event under the head of "An Offi
cial Visit." on page 9, first column, In the
Issue of Sunday, February 19.
; KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
S. A. McDonald has been elected captain
of the new company, No. 29, of the Uni
form Rank which is to be mustered in
on the 4th of March at Ukiah. Brigadier
General McGlashan and many of the high
officers will' be present.,
Ukiah Lodge will give a social in the
city of that name on the evening of the
3d of March.
Sunset Lodge of Mendota will hold its
anniversary party to-morrow night.
Next Wednesday night the officers of
Golden Gate Company, I. R.. will be in
stalled In Pythian Castle in this city.
The members of San, Francisco Temple
of the Rathbone Sisters had a very en
joyable masked ball in Pythian Castle
last Thursday night.
The lodge in the - vicinity of Tracy will
hold a district meeting at Tracy on the
28th inst. > ■ " -
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
At the meeting of Loyal Circle last Mon
day night Past Chief Companion Mrs.
Pritchard was the recipient from the cir
cle of a tine emblematic badge voted v .her
in recognition of ; her services to the cir
cle. :• ■ •■ '■'■- ■■•."--■■'
Last week Mrs. Beverson. S. G. C. C. O. ;
Mrs. Bennett. S. G. T.; Miss McNaughton,
S. G. L. G.. and Mrs. F. N. Morrow. S. G. I
G. M.— You are close in money matters.
Ymir head has usurped your heart to a
rreal extent. You' are aggressive.
ful: make many plans that you never ex
ecote through lack of will power to
oui your determinations. You will lose
money through a bad speculation and loss
of health and strength.
MISS F 5... East Oakland— \ mi !
long life, but with many illness
woman of strong impulses.
Continued on Page Thirty-Two.
S paid an official visit to Sherwood Cir
cle On next Thursday evening this clrcla
wfll have a rose social In the Foresters'
b Th d e ir gVand officere visited Knarsborough
Circle in Oakland last Friday and will
visit Liberty Circle on the 22d of. March
the official visit having been postponed to
* 'unexpected that three new circles will
be instituted in this jurisdiction befora
the Ist of April.
ANCIENT ORDER FORESTERS.
Last Wednesday night Court Twin
Peaks had a celebration In Twin Peaks
Hall, which was crowded. There was a
fine programme of song and music and
an address by Max Boehm. the high chief
ranger.
The party recently given by Court Lin
coln was a great success in every sense
of the word.
The high chief ranger visited Court
Grant last Thursday night and was with
Court Volta last night. Next Tuesday
night he will visit Court Knarsborough in.
Oakland. „ _
Last week High Chief Ranger Max
Boehm and Permanent Secretary Fal
coner paid a visit to the court at Pinole.
There were present twenty-two members
of the court at San Pablo and eight from
the court at Berkeley. There were seven
initiations, three applications were pre
! sented and there was a banquet and
' speeches galore.
THE JUNIORS.
Abraham Lincoln Council has passed
a vote of thanks to the Rev. J. A. B.
Wilson for the patriotic reception arid
sermon to the members of the order on
thfl 12th inst.
The last meeting of the council was
well attended and proved a very inter
esting one. A, feature was an address
on the changes that have taken place in
the United States einee the federation of
the thirteen original States. There was
also some good singing. The council * ri U
organize a (juaxuuAT THE
THEATERS
EVEN as the interior of the Grand
Opera House now appears, with
the ambitious series of improve
ments not completed, it is evi
dent that the amount of expense
incident upon the rebuilding and refur
• rushing of the big theater did not enter
■into the rir?" calculation of its man
- ager.- Th* 1 entire interior has been torn
•out and the system of improvement will i
be surpassingly fine when it is finished !
• and the auditorium stands ready to fur- !
nish the scene for great voices, thrill- j
ing musii and ev< ry fascination in- [
■ eluded in the presentation of operatic
. -pictures: the gathering of beautiful wo- ;
men. brilliant jewels, rich gowns, with
' . a background of brave men and the
throb of the great puLse of the audi- j
.- ence beating in the anticipation of an
itic season of record-breaking
,r.agnificenoe.
. The first floor of the theater is truly
mammoth in its new proportion. It
will contain as many seats as the Met
ropolitan Opera House in New York, |
and fully 50 per cent more than three
fourths of the famous opera houses in !
Europe. In plain figures, there will be j
over 1000 seats on the lower floor and j
these will be placed in a manner that ■
insures an uninterrupted view of the j
• stage from every point. The line of j
sight will he applied to every seat, with j
the center of the stage as a focus, and i
trie comfort and assurance to patrons
of the opera that all seats • will be
points of vantage is no inconsiderable
item in the summing up of advantages
.of the new theater. There will be no
"orchestra"' and "orchestra circle" un
der the new seating plan. The entire
will be practically one great sweep
of richly upholstered chairs.
A feature of the lower floor will be
: The absence of any steps, the audience
■■■■ coming directly from the lobby, which
gently slopes toward the front and in j
shape has the appearance of a huge j
and shallow watch crystal. When the j
drees circle is entirely finished it will
disclose an unusual condition of com
fort and luxury. Around the entire \
front have been built "palco" boxes,
• seating four, five and six lespectively.
•■ palcos are roomy and comforta
ble and their situation affords every
; ant an unobstructed view of the
entire theater. The dividing partitions
■ Jire low — less than two feet high, in
fact — and will be covered with deep red
plush which will be the pervading tint
of the- scheme of interior decorations.
The effect of these boxes when filled
with the beauty of San Francisco will
thing short of brilliant.
The seating plan of the dress circle
Will closely follow that of the orchestra
f10..r. There will be seven rows of
- behind the boxes, th-ir arrange
ment likewise commanding a perfect
view of the stage. The chairs for the
orchestra floor and dress circle will be
entirely new and are now being com
pleted and arranged by the makers
. who seated the famous Chicago Audi
torium. They will be luxurious and
WtetM AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA. Tsss*
? TO-NIGHT A 1 w n e d e k .
l^y^^ LAST TIMES. "
■'■;.? : WIISON CAPPEiS tiPEAT DRArtA
J THt SIGN OF A
:;?;;; THE CROSS T
Presented by
':■■'..' WILLIAM GREET S LONDON CO
' ° ••. . ■ Including CHARLES DALTON.
From the Lyric Theater, London.
'-.' " March 6— BLANCHE WALSH and MEL-
■; /BOURNE MACDOWELL In "LA TOSCA."
mmm
■:•-'. BLACK PATH TROUBADOURS,
BEGINNING TO-MORROW.
. \> " REQUEST ENGAGEMENT.
7 NIGHTS AND SATURDAY MAT.
_* , • The young American Tragedienne,
Nance
O'Neil.
Adequately Supported.
■ Men. and Thurs •••• ■'•.""^Dr
Tues. and Sun The new "EAST LUNt
-i«-pdrr«dav INOOIIAI.
. • Friday.'. "THE JEWESS';
; . ggg? ;^^gggj^:
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Airs. Ernestine Krelinr. Proprietor and M«r.
THIS EVENING AT 8. .
The Success of the Season.
.- '• The Fantastic Comic Opera.
MADELEINE,
; : Or, THE MAGIC KISS.
• ' MIRTH AND MELODY.
V :: .'; Only Matinee Every Saturday at ».
' ' •• NEXT.
THE MYTHOLOGICAL WORK.
"L« BELLE HELENE"
••"V* (BEAUTIFUL HELEN.)
•".* ."•-:■• Offenbach's cliolcept opera;
."Popular Price* .........26c and 500
.-. - v B.— A reeerved neat for the matlnM. 250.
Our Telephone. Busb «-
When Melba Opens Grand Opera House.
comfortable in the extreme. They are
of deep red piush and will average
twenty inches in width. The idea of
their general size may be determined
when it is stated that a broad-should
ered man, six feet tall, averages eight
een inches acn.ss the back. The -"its
will be spacious, the width between
aisles sufficient to allow passage to the
seats in perfect comfort.
The proscenium box?s will be finished
in the same general way as the palcos.
Th< heavy partitions which formerly
these boxes have been re
moved and there is a partition of about
two feet high dividing them. They
will be lighted 'with electricity and
richly but plainly furnished and decor
ated. Wall coverings will be of a red
dish color and conform to the prevail
ing tint of the decoration all. over the
interior, which favors a terra cotta red
and verges to a lighter tint of this color
schema. It has been the experience in
decorating all unusually large inte
that a shade of red is at once the most
satisfying and the most cheerful, and
that the Warmth of the atmosphere so
particularly lacking in some big audi
toriums Is best obtained in combining
the red cofors. TneYe will be over L6OO
- upon the orchestra and dress cir
cle floors, and there will be about 160
chairs in palco and prop.' ;ium. The
family circle and the gallery will be
arranged to best suit the convenience
of the patrons of those sections of the
house, and a regular reserved seat plan
has been prepared for the family cir
cle. The view of the stage from these
parts of the theater will be just as
sweeping as it is from any of the lower
floors.
The lobbies, reception rooms and
other special apartments of the opera
house have undergone a transforma
tion. The decorators have been devot
ing their special efforts to the painting
of suitable designs upon these parts
of the theater. There trill be an en
tirely new drop curtain, now being
painted by a well-known artist, and the
ceilings of the lobbies, and especially
those in the centra ccurt, have been
covered with paintings.
The system of electric lighting now
being installed will be as complete as
skill and material can make it. It is
estimated that almost Hvs thousand
electric lights can be put into service
I before and behind the footlights, and
the effect will be one of surpassing bril-
Ky. Behind the stage is being built
of the largest electric switch
d? ever constructed for theatrical
oses and will bs able to respond to
lest demands upon its lighting
For the first lime in its
tricai history San Francisco will
ess a great stage perfectly
pped with all the advantages of an
electric lighting plant of practically
limitless capacity.
The theater and the season seem most
propitious for the triumph of the com
ing operatic performances. The history
of gr^at seasons in this city show 3 that
the biggest attractions have come to
San Francisco in the early spring.
Patti. Gerst^r, Bernhardt. Irving. Pade
rewski. Booth— all of them; so that the
visit of the Ellis Company and its bril
liant equipment is particularly well
timed.
T'nless all signs are misleading the
courage of Mr. Ellis in bringing a com
pany of such proportions to the Pacific
AMTJSEMSNTS.
WEEK V ft/iai\] Ft A V February 27,
COMMENCING iVi 'IW LmJ ' JHk i 9 /899.
GREAT NEW BILL OF AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN STARS AND NOVELTIES
, i
. The Biggest Eastern Comedy Hit or the Season,
MISS CORA TANNER
Assisted by LOUIS MASSEN, in "MY HUSBANDS MODEL."
, Imported Direct for the TyL ft SI I V V Europe's Most Famous
Orpheum Circuit... ... ||| L. T LlllllO Novelty Acrobats.
* MM EL i-§ llf INFm* MUSICAL GROTESQUE.
£ PI C n U L^l 111 iZsZ2. MUSICAL GROTESQUE.
J. K. MURRAY AND CLARA LANE LEW BLOOM AND JANE COOPER
In a New Repertoire of Selections From In Their Great Comedy Hit, "A PICTURE
Popular Operas. "-. FROM LIFE."
EDITH CRASKE P. C. SHORTIS,
In New Character Dances. a : -j ' The Old-Time Banjo Expert.
Last Week of the Prime Favorites,
CARTER DE HAVEN AND BONNIE M/IIE,
In Change of Songs and New Cake Walks.
1 MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), FEB. 26, %£%£?"*•
- ALCAZAR_THEATER. ...GLYMPIA...
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT. V Eddy St . Cor. Mason.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS. America's .Most Beautiful Music Hall. '
To-morrow, Monday, begins the last week of —
/ Belasco and Fyles' Indian War Play, NEW , SENSATIONAL EASTERN ATTRAC-
TIONS.
Tjjf" jjl ID 1 The Celebrated Comedians, .
Ht blnL QFATQ SHERMAN and MORRISEY
w OEdAID In a Whirlwind of Acrobatic Comedy.
14 C . OCa The Great European Novelty,
I LL I 15C, iJOC, THE only LYN WOOD
.■"■"■■ ■ QRp World's Contortion Wonder. .
nriEiisn HP °- ' U ll ....querita Vincent....
&1 LMIfU I I gUI r" The Popular Singer and Dancer.
OLuU IllU 111 la AND TEN ALL-STAR ACTS.
In Preparation "A MAN WITH A PAST." ' ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE ■ SUNDAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1899.
Coast will be magnificently rewarded.
The success of his organization in the
East has aroused the expectations of
our public to a fervid point, and if his
promises are to be accepted at their
face value— and judging by the success
of the Melb'a season last April they are
worth something near it— San Fran-
Cisco will once more be known to the
world as the impressario's paradise.
Jhe Golumbia.
"The Sign of the Cross" begins its sec
: onrt and last week at the Columbia Thea
; ter to-morrow night. There will be a reg
VEJ?A WERDEJ4 AJ THE 11V0LI.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND
OPERA
IN FRENCH AND ITALIAN.
MR. CHARLES A. ELLIS announces a series
of twelve performances by
THE ELLIS OPERA COMPANY,
BEGINNING MONDAY EVENING,
MARCH 13.
The sale of SEASON TICKETS for the series
of TWELVE PERFORMANCES opens TO-
MORROW, MONDAY. MORNING at 9 o'clock,
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'p. Prices. $50 $40, $30,
$20, according to location. BOXES, $230. $300,
$350, seating four, five and six respectively.
Applications for BOXES should be made to
Mr. Alfred Bouvier, care Sherman. Clay &
Co. Sale of seats for SINGLE performances
begins Monday. March 6. Prices. $5. $4, $3, $2.
according to location. Orchestra floor, dress
circle and family circle will be reserved. Ap-
plications from out hi town will be filed in
the order received. They must be accom-
panied by a poptofflce or express money order
payable to Charles A. Ellis.
H. WISMER, F. MAURER,
Violinist. Pianist.
. Assisted by FRANK COFFIN. Tenor.
CONCERT.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL, 223 Sutter st,
TUESDAY EVE., Feb. 28. at 8:16
Tickets (includ. res. seat), 50 cents, at Sher-
man & Clay's and S. F. Music Co., 225 Sut-
ler st. -
Handel (Sonata in A), Goldmark & Godard,
violin concertos.
MRS. BIRMINGHAM.
.- : - : San Francisco's ' Noted Contralto.
TWO SONG RECITALS.
THURSDAY EV'G, March 2. 8:15 o'clock
Saturday afternoon, j March 4, 3 o'clock. .
-*-:— AT— :—
. SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
■ '• Tickets on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'
23.897 TICKETS SOLD IN 6 DAYS.
i , Enormous Success of the
STEEPLECHASE
AT CENTRAL PARK.
The Greatest Novelty Ever ' Invented, j Special
Attractions' Added Weekly. Ascensions by
VOSMER, the Balloonist, Daily. Punchinello
Mariettes for the Children. World-Renowned
ANIMATOSCOPE Views. Moving Stairs; Elec-
trical Theater, Band Concerts, Etc. . ',
Admission Only 10a, Including "Horses."
_,-. 11 j-t it mi 'aa ■ ' tt
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
ular performance this evening.
The attraction to follow "1 ne Sign of
the Cross," on March 6, will be Blanche
Walsh and Melbourne MacDowell in
Fanny Davenport's productions of Sar
dou's dramas. The engagement is
one of more than ordinary inter
est, because of the fact that San
| * AMUSEMENTS. _' ___„
ALH AM BRA ™ h*"* *»» sis '
" * ™mm •*•■*> A. AA TA Jh^r A. fLA.<A. Direction. GOTTLOB, MARX 4 CO.
FRIDAY, Evening, March 3. X
Saturday, Matinee and Evening, March 4, ¥ ''" r ,"'
Sunday, Matinee and Evening. March 5. iar Concerts
SI! SI \ft fei
mJ& VbJ WSL
AND HIS BAND. ' "jjpP*^
MAUD REESE DAVIES. Soprano: DOROTHY HOYLE, Violinitte: ARTHUR PRYOR,
Trombone; HERBERT L. CLARKE, Cornet; FRANZ HELL, Fluegelhorn. Vrv
Sale of Seats opens at Sherman, Clay & Co 's Tuesday Morn., Feb. 28.
Prices— soc, 75c, $1.00 and $1.50.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Under the management of Holden, MacDon-
| aid & Kilßo.
Commencing MONDAY EVENING. March 6.
First production in this city of the patriotic
naval drama,
DEWEY
THE HERO OF MANILA
Firßt appearance of ..ur NKW YORK STOCK
COMPANY,
Con?isting of Laura Alberta, Florence Ross-
land", De Witt Clinton. Joseph L. Tracy, Wil-
liam T. Doyle, Charles Swain and numerous
° the "' A SUPERB PRODUCTION.
Prices of admission. 10c. 13c and 25c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Box office open Thursday.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Beginning To-mnrnnv- Last Week of
PIANKA,
THE "LADY OP LIONS."
The Beautiful PASSION PLAY, as given at
Oberammergau, Reproduced by the Animato-
scoi™ COTRELY and VAN GOFRE. Equili-
brists and Jugglers; DC HELL, the World's
B. Trasezist; SAPIE FAIRFIELD. Singer
and Dancer; VIOLET DALE. Contortion
Dancer; JACK SYMONDS. Monologist. and a
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATKR.
SEE THE LIVIN<; OSSIFIED MAN.
AUSTRALIAN IGUANAS IN THE ZOO.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c.
Francisco is to see a new Floria Tosca,
and a new Fedora, in the person of Miss
Walsh. Miss Walsh is no stranger to this
city but she has never appeared here
until this season in the roles calling for
such an equipment of youth, feminine
beauty and talent and a considerable
amount of real histrionic genius. It is
generally acknowledged that Miss Walsh
is the possessor of those qualities so es
sential to great success upon the stage.
and has discovered how to apply
them in order to get the best pos
sible results, at least, this seems to be the
verdict wherever the company has ap
peared this year. Melbourne MacDowell
Will be welcome in this city. La Tosca
is to be the bill for the first week of the
engagement, and "Fedora" will be staged
during the second.
J\\e California.
Nance O'Neil is to be the attraction at
the California Theater for seven nights
and Saturday matinee, beginning to-mor
row night. The young tragedienne is
booked for an early London appearance
and many local theater goers, before her
departure, have signed/a petition for her
appearance during the coming week, and
the management have arranged for a
repertoire which includes the star's best
impersonations. Miss O'Neil has already
given evidence of her right to play
Budermann's "Magda," and her previous
success here in that role has induced her
to make it the opening bill of her fare
well engagement. "Magda" will be re
peated on Thursday night. McKee Ran
. kin will again be seen as the father and
Herbert Carr as the young rector. For
the first time here on Tuesday and Sun
day evenings the actress will appear as
Lady Isabel in the new version of "East
Lynhe."
On Wednesday evening the play is to
be "Ingomar." with its gentle Parthema.
and nn Friday evening Miss O'Neil will
appear as Leah in "The Jewess." "Ca
mille" will be given for the one and only
time during the engagement on Saturday
afternoon and will no doubt prove a
strong matinee bill. On Saturday night
the realistic production of Oliver Twist,
with Miss O'Neil as Nancy Sykes. and
McKee Rankin as Bill Sykes, will be
staged. ,
The /Ucazar
"The Girl I Left Behind Me" is making
1 another successful run at the Alcazar. It
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
A GIGANTfcT SUCCESS! 2
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Thp Noblest Roman of Them All,
JOHN L. SULLIVAN'S
BIG VAUDEVILLE COMBINATION.
25 ARTISTS OF STERLING MERIT
And the Musical Burletta,
"A TRIP ACROSS THE OCEAN."
Presenting a Corp? if Specialties.
POPULAR PRICES.
Seats Secured Box Office and Emporium.
SUNDAY, March 3— The Young American
Actress, JANET WALDORF.
IN6LESIDE COURSINGPARK
OPEN STAKE
— :— AND— :—
SAPLING STAKE!
BIG MONEY. CORKING HARES
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
JOHN GRACE, Judge.
JAMES GRACE. Slipper.
N. B.— Judge Grace shall announce the score
after each course, which shall be placed on the
blackboard.
Take the Mission-street car and it will land
you at the gate.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
will play another week at least, giving
way to "A Bad Lot." "A Social Highway
j man," an extremely interesting play, will
have an early production at this house.
Lewis Morrison and Florence Roberts will
: play an extended engagement later in the
season. Now that Morosco's is no more,
the Alcazar is getting the bulk of the
popular trade, as well as the little regular
crowd that it has always held. Ernest
Hastings and George Osbourne are excel
lent actors and there are other worthy
players in the company.
The TiVoli.
"Madeleine, or the Magic Kiss," which
has made a success at the Tivoll, will be
continued for a third week at this popu
lar home of music. This work, which won
place for its author • and. composer,
Messrs. Stange and Edwards, in the East,
has found equal favor here. The scenery,
costumes and accessories and the cast
that includes Anna Lichter, Annie Myers,
Bernice Holmes, Ida Wyatt,_Phil Bran-,
son. Edwin Stevens, William H. West,
William Pruette. Arthur Boyce and Fred
Kavanaugh, together with the good cho
rus and orchestra, are all that could be
asked. Offenbach's "La Belle Helene."
arranged up to date, will follow, marking
the reappearance of Elvia Crox.
j^leW Gomedvj.
Vaudeville at the Comedy Theater this
week. The management has decided to
try it for a week, and has secured the
John L. • Sullivan Comedy Company,
which is headed by the people's cham
pion . himself. Although the big fellow
has appeared with some big organizations
it has only been within the past two
years that he has headed his own com
pany, his previous traveling having been
as a special feature with some dramatic
show. This season he has an entirely
new company. The programme opens
with a musical burletta entitled A Trip
Across the Ocean." The champion Is in
troduced as a captain in a natty yachting
costume. The second part is an Olio of
eight numbers, in which Edwards and Ed
wards appear in • illustrated son* s :
Rochefort and May in songs, parodies and
funny sayings; Fetching brothers as mu
sical comedians; Millie Bartne Francis
in athletic marvels, closing with a three
round spirited sparring contest. rn< con
cluding number on the programme will be
a gymnasium scene in which John L.. bui
livan, ex-champion heavy-weight of
America, will show the different methods
used by prominent fighters while training
for contests,, and will close with a three
round scientific sparring bout. ... . a
Janet Waldorf, the young legitimate
American actress, will play a week s en
gagement, commencing Sunday. March a.
Jhe OrpKeum.
- The Orpheum's bill for this week is
headed by Cora Tanner, whose name is
familiar to the theater-goers of America.
'She has been at the head of several of
the best known dramatic companies in
the country, and she has but recently
gone into vaudeville. She comes to the
Orpheum in a one-act comedy by Lloyd
Grand entitled "My Husband s Model, in
which Miss Tanner, of course, appears
as the model. For the part sh« is em
inently qualified, for it was not the press
agent, the conjuror of adjectives, but the
cold, cynic critic of the New \ork Sun
who said. "Miss Tanner is a buxoml> .
beauteous being, and has lost nothing—
not a curve." She is assisted by Louis
Massen, and their act is said to be up
roariously funny. The Four Eddys Eu
ropean acrobats, are also said to be un
usually clever, and are credited with do
ing some work not attempted by others.
The Hulines. musical grotesques, are also
new. The hold-overs are J. K. Murray
and Clara Lane. Edith Cras^e. Bloom
and Cooper and De Haven and Male.
Sousa's Band.
Sousaand his band are announced for
appearance at the Alhambra, corner Eddy
and Jones streets, for three nights and
Saturday and Sunday matinees, beginning
Friday evening. March 3. Aside from the
superb discipline of the Sousa band, the
excellence of its ensemble playing is
largely due to the fact that since its or
ganization in the summer of 1592 there
have been comparatively few changes in
its personnel. Year in and year out the
same instrumentalists have remained un
der the "March King's" direction, assim
ilating his ideas and rounding out and
perfecting the artistic balance of the
band.
The Ghutes.
"We are modest, but we have the best
show on earth." is the top line in the
Chutes' poster for the new week. Violet
Dale has made a big hit and will con
tinue to kick and dance to the delight of
the crowd. Pianka and her lions are in
their last week. The Passion Play is still
on and William Sapp. tthe ossified man.
says that he can't kick at the crowds
that come to see him. Australian Igua
nas has just been introduced to society
in the Zoo. and. the amateur ballet will
caper again Thursday night.
The' Olympia.
The Olympia has a number of cards, in
cluding Sherman and Morrisey, acrobatic
comedians, in their laughable skit; Que
rita Vincent in her pleasing dances and
Lynwood, the European contortionist.
- i ■ ■ — —
NOT DUfLIG^TED.
Reopening of the /\lhambra.
The Alhambra will reopen Monday
evening, March 6, under the manage
ment of Messrs. E. J. Holden, Henry
Mac Donald and T. H. Kilgo as a popu
lar-priced theater. Mr. Holden, who
has been absent for the past six weeks
in New York, returns t-his evening
with a complete stock dramatic com
pany, which he has engaged there. It
includes Laura Alberta, one of the best
known leading actresses in this coun
try; Florence Rossland, a very clever
soubrette; DeWitt Clinton, a handsome
young romantic leading actor, who en
joys a very enviable reputation in the
East; Joseph L. Tracy and William T.
Doyle, excellent exponents of heavy
and character roles, and Charles Swain,
who will be remembered as the most
popular low comedian Morosco ever
had. During his three years of absence
Mr. Swain has greatly distinguished
himself, especially in New York, where
he made a very great hit in "The
Geisha" at Daly's Theater. For the
opening a new patriotic naval drama,
entitled "Dewey: or the Hero of Ma
nila," will be produced. It is meeting
with great success in the'Enst and the
management promise it a very elabor
ate and complete production.
j^lrs.
Birmingham,
San Francisco's popular contralto, who
has been pursuing vocal studies in Paris
and London under the tuition of Bouhv
and George Hens-hel. has returned to San
Francisco. Mrs. Birmingham possessed so
rare a voice when she left here that much
is expected of her. Those who have heard
her since her return are most enthusiastic
over the improvement she has made, both
in voice and interpretation, and her
friends are awaiting with interest her two
song recitals which are announced for
Thursday evening. March 2, and Saturday
afternoon, March 4, at Sherman-Clay
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
Si MMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Bank clearings gain slightly.
Wheat and Barley futures lower.
Oats firm and Corn steady.
Bran and Middlings firm.
Hay dull and unchanged.
Some changes ln_ Beans.
Seeds stand the same.
l'otatoes and Onions easy.
Butter weak. Another advance in Eggs.
Poultry firm and Game higher.
Apples firm and Limes very scarce.
Provisions "firm and in fair demand.
Pork very firm. Other meats about. the same.
Another advance in Codfish.
Decrease in foreign imports.
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign Imports at this port in January were
;2.642,027, against $3,915,266 in January, ISMS,
:he main sources being as follows: From Ja
an 1488,122; China. $404,000; Great Britain.
1119,740; Hawaiian Islands, $555,000; Central
America, $166,300; British Columbia, $130,49 i.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Ix>cal bank clearings last week were $13.
--086.459. against $12,714,263 for the same week
la^t year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 25. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Fureka . 0.04 18.56 2.>.13
Red :::::::.::::: 0.00 13.06 10.48
Sacramento 0.00 i.» 5.17
San Francisco 0.00 7.77 ..10
Fresno 0.00 i- .4 3.41
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 7-20 5.07
V i Angeles 0.00 2.92 4.30
Ban Diego 0.00 3..1 3.18
Yuma •' 0.00 1.34 l a
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
f.5; minimum temperature, 46; mean tempera
ture, 10 desrees.
WEATHER. CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
• FORECAST.
An srea of high pressure is central off the
Northern California coast. Light rain has con
tinued in Washington and Oregon and light
■now In Idaho. Northern Nevada and Utah.
Fair weather still prevails in California, and
there re no prospects of an immediate change.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight February 26. 1599:
For Northern California— Fair Sunday; fresh
northwest wind.
For Southern California— Fair Sunday; fresh
northwest wind. 5.:
For Nevada— Generally fair Sunday, except
local snow In extreme north rortion.
For Utah— Generally fair Sunday, except local
Enow in extreme north portion.
For Arizona— Sunday.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday;
fresh to brisk west wind.
Report from Mount Tama!?ais— Clear; wind
northwest, 36 miles; temperature. 40; maxi
mum temperature. 48. W. H. HAMMON.
Professor In Charge.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW STORK, Feb. 25.— The stock market
worked fractionally lower to-day on dealings
of a million shares during the short session.
The Philippine situation continued to be used
as a bear argument with the professional ele
ment, which was largely in control of the
market. There were various rumors afloat
favorable to the Specialties, but lack
ing of confirmation. Outsiders were
said to have given assurances that
the regular dividend disbursement might
in Sugar, and forthwith the stock
:. ■• points from the lowest. It was
i Tobacco earnings were large and
that the company was hacking those securing
a ntrol of the Cuban cisarmaking plants, but
this was in a measure offset by denials from
Union Tobacco Company sources that there
would be a consolidation with the American*
i Company, which made only a frac
tional u-ain.
Reports of the acquisition of other concerns
and earnings gossip were responsible for a
sharp rise in American Steel and Wire, only
a traction of which was retained. Favorable
trade advices lent strength to international sil
ver. The feature of the dealings both here and
abroad was the large demand for New York.
Ontario and Western on the- expectation that
because of its new acquisitions in the coal
iuiiu», the company woutu prolic by any im
provement in the anthracite trade. The stock
gained two points on transactions of almost
15,000 shares. In the general market the opin
ion was hesitating, but a pronounced tone soon
developed and prices ran off sharply on liquida
tion in the -specialties ana successful drives
against the grangers, Atchison preferred and
Northern Pacific. Renewed buying of Sugar
and like properties rallied the market, but the
bank statement fulfilled bear expectations,
• showing another decrease in reserve of $4,000,
--000 and an increase in loans of nearly $13,000,
--000, and brought heavy realizing, particularly
•among the high-priced standard stocks. Toward
the close Sugar and Tobacco started upward
again, and the general market tailed on. Third
Avenue, which has been extremely conserva
tive in its movement until of late, assumed
a. commanding position among the erratic spe
cialties, rising to-day lH'- 2 points to 235. The
rise was attended by a reiteration of the vari
. ous reports concerning the property which as
" yet lacks authenticity. The market closed
firm with a general rise in progress.
The movement oi stock prices for the week
was extremely irregular, with losses prevail
ing among the s *T«dard stocks, including
Northwest 1. Burlington 3, New York Central
2%, Pennsylvania 2 5 9 , and declines of 2% for
Southern Pacific and 2 for Central Pacific.
There was some very pronounced gains, how
ever, among the local stocks, Including Third
Avenue Railroad, 44 V 4; Consolidated Gas, 13%,
and Brooklyn Union Gas. 6. Among the in
dustrials the maximum gain was that of To
bacco, 35' i, while the preferred rose 7; Ameri
can Steel and Wire, 10%; the preferred 5, and
Sugar, 3%. The enhancement of these shares
conveys an idea of the part professional manip
ulation played In the week's market.
Other notable advances were New Jersey Cen
tral. 4Vi; Ontario and Western, 34, and Chi
cago Great Western. A, 5. Generally speak
ing, stocks were inclined to advance until Lon
don reverse-! her tactics and' purchased some
stocks on Thursday for the fortnightly settle
ment. But, as often happens, stocks were
freely supplied when there appears an inclina
tion to buy abroad, and although the mar
ket .was again opened up on Friday, the ten
dency .ii the general list continued downward.
The reverishness of dealings were suggestive
of a renewal of- professional control of the
market's operations. The enormous Increment
in paper values of "trust" stocks, including
some but recently launched, brought cautious
realizing elsewhere. Tobacco's exceptional
buoyancy was at first thought to be
merely a drive of obstinate shorts,
which may turn out to be the case,
but It is asserted with but feeble denials
that the company was to gain practical con
trol of the trade by a union with rival com
panies, the details being withheld. The con
tinued , demand for the finished Iron products
at advancing prices with many works run
ning at lull capacity served as a tonic to
the American Steel and Wire stocks, while the
Federal Steel stocks at one time sympathized
in the movement, but later lost their advance.
The punishment of the Tobacco shorts begot
apprehension among those having outstanding
short commitments in Sugar, resulting in hasty
covering. The persistent rumors that events
■were shaping themselves toward an arrange
ment for a uniform control of anthracite pro
duction had their effect on the mar
ket, and the price:, were reflected in the rise
of New Jersey Central and New York, On
tario and Western, liunington receded after
the announcement that the refunding plan
adopted was of much lesser scope than the
bulls had anticipated, and that the Issue of
more stock was contemplated. This sympa
thetically affected other railways. The con
tinued expansion of loans which have Increased !
over $51,000,000 in five weeks and the gradual i
Hecrease in the bank reserves, the former be
, Ing largely attributable to foreigners returning '
our securities, vas not altogether reassuring,
■while, on the other hand, the enormous in
crease in bank clearings reflected the activity
of general business in which, moreover, the
" failures were the smallest in years. A con
■ stantly large excess of exports over imports
and easy money as well as favorable wheat
' crop advices, even after the storm, were feat
ures of confidence. The sterling exchange
market was strong for several reasons, the re
turn from abroad of. American securities, a
. comparative scarcity of commercial bills and
. some discounting of the possible payment of
• the indemnity to Spain. P«n<llng a complete
. and satisfactory explanation of the words
"political reasons," used by the commander
Of the American naval forces in the Philip
pines 'in requesting the presence of a ■ battle
• ship, a sinister interpretation was put forward
by some speculative Interests, but generally
there was some disposition to be non-committal
until the circumstances were elucidated. The
dealings for the week were about I,ooo*ooo In
excess of last week. . -— ■-.-.-.
The week's bond market, while somewhat ir
regular, showed a good undertone. Striking
, gains were made In many issues which here
tofore moved narrowly. United States new
fours coupon - advanced % in the bid price
Total sales of stocks to-day. 520,100 shares
Including 9670 Atchison; 35.520 do preferred'
-6250 Central Pacific: 25,000 Burlington: 4250
Metropolitan; 7227 Northern Pacific; 10,520 Rock
Island: 8723 Union Pacific; 7340 do preferred
-17.530 St. Paul; 4300 Texas and Pacific; 14,600
tobacco; 11.620 Steel; 4064 do preferred; 4483
Consolidated Gas; 14,120 Brooklyn Transit; 3356
Pacific Mail: 37,140 Sugar; 3100 Leather ■ pre
ferred; 4250 Rubber. » ." -. •
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchißon .:...- 23% I St Louis & S F.... 12%
Do prefd 64% | .Do prefd ........ 72' i
Baltimore & Ohio. ,73 Do 2<l prefd...... 49
Canada Pacific... SOV6 St Paul .\ ..'..... 129%
Canada Southern.: 5S»,i! Do prefd 1 ... "...... -.16*%
CentPac... . 53»; St I 1 & On .. W,
Cr>«« & 0hi0.'....... 28141 Do prefd... 170
Chi & Alton.. 171 iSo Pacific 3.^
Chi B & Q 144% So Railway 12;«
Chi & E 111...'..... G7',i Do preld..... «%
Do prefd 120 Texas & Pacific... 23**
Chi G W 16Vs Union Pacific 48 .
Chi Ind & L 9% I Do prefd.. WJi
Do prefd 43Vi U P D & 0 12, i
Chi & N \V 147 Wabash "B>i
Do prefd WO f Do prefd.... Z?%
CC C &St L.... oS 1 Wheel &L E VL%
Do prefd S>S% ! Do prefd.. 33
Del & Hudson 112^ Express Companies—
Del L & "VV 1571 i Adams Ex 116
Den & Rio G 23 American Ex 140
Do prefd 74 United States...... o.>
Erie (new) 14% Wells Farg0....... 125
Do Ist prefd...... 34% I Miscellaneous— |
Ft Wayne 178 A Cot Oil 35' i !
Gt Nor prefd ISSH Do prefd.......... 92Vt
Hocking Val 6 Am Spirits.;:;. 12%
! Illinois Cent 116 Do prefd 3.> I
i Lake Erie & W.... 19 lAm T0bacc0. ....... 167 ',i
Do prefd 66% Do prefd 142 !
Lake Shore MOM Cons Gas 219%
Louis & Nash.. 65% Com Cable Co 1»J
Manhattan 1 112 Col F & Iron r.'j
Met St Ry 21j> Do prefd 94
Mich Cent US Gen Electric 112
Minn & St L 52% Haw Com Co 72
Do Ist prefd 99 Brooklyn R T 9314 |
i Mo Pacific 46tf Intl Paper 58** :
I Mobile & Ohio 37 j Do prefd 88
■ Mo X & T..... l«»i|Laclede Gas 54
i Do prefd 34 Lead 361 i
N J Central 109 | Do nrefd 112%
X V Central 137 Fed Steel .'.n't
N V Chi &St L... 14Vi Do prefd 57%
Do Ist prefd 65 Xat Lin Oil 6 !
Do 2d prefd 33 Pacific Mai1........ 5Hs |
Nor West 1814 Peoples Gas 114%
No Amer Co SV4 Pullman Pal 159
No Pacific 52% Silver Certificates. 5914
Do prefd 79>» Standard R & T... 10%
Ontario & XV 26% Sugar 139
Or R & Nay 40 | Do prefd H4li
Or Short Line 45 TC & Iron 4316
Pac C Ist prefd.... 89 US Leather 6% ,
: Do 2d prefd 65 i Do prefd 71
Pittsburg ISO U S Rubber 53%
Reading- 2214 Do prefd 116
Do lot prefd 63% West Union 94%
R G W 37 !Or Nay prefd 70
Do prefd •73«IPac Coast 4SV4
Rock Island 118% Colo Southern.. 71j»
St Louis & S W... 9% Do Ist prefd 54V4
Do prefd 2ST« Do 2d prefd 21
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 106%|N V Central lsts..H7V-j
U S new 4s reg....l2SVi N J C 5s 117
Do coup 12814 N Carolina 6s ISO
US 4s 112% Do 4s 101 !
Do coup 11314 No Pac lsts 115 i
Do 2ds 90 Do 3s 65% '
DS 5s reg 11214 Do 4s 103 ;
Do os coup 1124 N V C & St L 45...107' i
District 3.65s 118 Nor &XV 6s 130
Ala class A .107 Northwestern con. 143 ,
Do B 107 | Do deb 5s 122
. Do C 100 O Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s. 102% ■
Atchlson 4s 101% O S Line 6s tr 12514
Do adj 4s.'. 88%10 S Line .",s tr 11l
Can So 2ds 112 Reading 4s 89*4,
C & O 4%8 96 |R G W lsts 94% '
Chi Term 4s 95% St L & I M con 55.111>4
C & Ohio f.s 118% St 1, & S F gen 6s. 128% |
CH & D 4>4s 101?,;, St 5' Con. 165 i
D & R G Ist* 108% St P C & P 1ate.. .121%
D & R G 4s 100% Do 5s 1211*
East Term lsts 1Q4% So Ry 5s 105 ' a
Erie Gen 4s 73% Stand R & T 65... SS
F XV & D lsts tr.. K4>-> Term new set 35... 96
Gen Elec 5s 114%. Tex Pac L G lsts..H3V;
G H A S A 6s 109 Do Rg 2ds 5214
Do 2ds ...110 Union Pac 4s 103%
H&T Css 103 I' PD & G lsts.... 88
Do con 6s 110 .Wab Ist 5s 115
lowa C lsts... -.....*. 103 Do 2ds 96
La new con 4s 109 W Shore 45.. 112
L & N Uni 4s D 5% Va Centuries....... 85
Mo Pac Con 6s 114%! Do deferred .7
M X & T 2ds 68% Wls Cent 15t5..... 6911
Do i s 94 Colo Southern 45.. 8714
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 3.VOntario ..» 6 00
Crown Point 2".,Ophir 1 o.>
Con < - al & V 173 Plymouth , 10 i
Dead wood 50 Quicksilver 1 75 '
Gould & Curry 40 Do prefd 600
Hale & Norcross.. ■ 45 Sierra Nevada 1 15
Homestake .'.50 00 1 Standard -.;. 2 75
Iron Silver 79 Union Con... 55
Mexican -- 65 Yellow Jacket 30. (
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— --..I Gen. Elec prefd 137
Call loans ..2fg3'Atch pretd...* ," 64%
Time loans .;...3@4 Bonds-
Stocks — Atchlson 4s 10014
Atch Top & St Fe. 23% ■ Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 138- (Allouez Mln C 0.... 101*
Do prefd .....114 j Atlantic ....... 33
Bay State Gas Boston & M0nt. ...360
Bell Tel 355 Butte'& Boston B»V4
Boston & Albany.. 24B . Calumet & Hec1a..775
Boston & Maine. ..l 72 Centennial 51
Boston L 87 Franklin 26
Chi Bur & Q. «..;.. 144% Old Dominion 40%
Fitchburg .........114 Osceola 97V*
Gen Electric 112% Quincy 181
Old Colony.. >...... 201 Tamarack 235
Rubber /... 53 Wolverine ......... 47
Union Pac... 47% Parrott 494
; West End ......... 9314 Humboldt 2%
Do prefd 11114 1 Union Land ;::.'.:• 814
Westlngh E1ec,...; 51%!Wlnona "::... V.. .... 1814
Do prefd '..;. 63% Adventure ......... 1714
Wls Cent 3. | .... , |
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT. .',
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— The Financier says: J
The bank statement for the week ending
February 25 Is remarkable In that it shows an ■
actual loss in cash, the first noted for some
weeks. The decrease Is small, but coupled
with the extra reserve requirements, necessi
tated by the expansion of nearly thirteen and
one-half millions in loans, the result has been
a decrease of four millions in surplus, bring
ing that item to thirty and one-third millions.
As the banks gained no cash, the Increase in
deposits amounting to $12,963,900 reflects bank
ing credits due to loan operations. Taken as a
whole the statement does not differ much from
what has been expected. The banks lost heav
ily last week to the interior and they were also
debtors to the Treasury. Conservative esti
mates had figured these losses -heavier than
shown by the statement, but the Increases in
loans and deposits, on the other hand, were
large enough to bring about predicted results.
The Increase In loans is to be attributed to
Stock Exchange requirements, and in a lesser
degree to the multitude of. Industrial combina
tions now being completed. A. detailed analy
sis of the statement shows that there has been
more or less shifting of funds Incident to spe
cial operations, but the loan can be- traced
to five or six of the largest banks. It Is note
worthy that an institution which reports
$G,000.000 additional loans shows a reduction
of $4,000,000 in specie. Incidents like these tend
to make elucidation difficult, as bo many fac
tors enter into the calculation that It Is al
most impossible to trace them." In a larger
sense, however, the exhibit makes for firm
ness In money, temporarily at least. It Is
quite likely that the statements of the paht
two weeks will be repeated in more or less
detail in the future, and that unless rates
harden perceptibly the excess reserve will not
.be increased. The extent of its reductions de
pends to a certain extent on the amount of
money which will be withdrawn from this cen
ter for interior needs on a continuance of pres
ent Stuck Exchange transactions.
THE LONDON MARKET. ••'..
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: .
The markets here were quiet and firm to
day In the absence of confirmation of the re
port of the Ameer's death. Americans were
hard, the Manila news being disregarded. The
Continent bought Ontario and Western. Cop
pers were dull. Tlnto?, 39%; Anacondas, 9 11-16;
Utahs, 8%;- Bostons, 2%. ". '.
Money was In good demand on railway divi
dend collections. • . • - '-■;;.??.• .' ■ ..
CLOSING.. . i .;.'
Canadian Pacific, 93%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 81%.; Union Pacific preferred, *2 8
Grand Trunk. Sl4 ; bar silver, steady, "27% d
per ounce; money, 214 per cent. : ..
NEW • YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
. NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,480 barrels; exports, IS, SOS; firmer but quiet.
Minnesota patents, ?3 95<**4 25; Minnesota bak
ers, $3 10<j?3 25; winter patents, $3 7594; winter
straights,- $3 Co@3 70; winter extras, $2 501i2 85;
winter low grades, $2 40(52 65. ....
WHEAT— Receipts, 84,000 bushels. . Spot is
steady; No. 2 red. Ss'/i, f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive. Options opened steady, advanced on Ma- i
nila news and active St. Louis buying, only to
react near the close In ■ consequence of un
loading; closed easy at a partial %c ijol de
; cline. No. 2 red May, 84V4'S$4%c, closecravic
HOPS— Quiet. -
HIDES— Firm. i California, 18% c.
' WOOL- Firm. .Fleece, I"r.i22c. • ■ '..' .
i METALS— brokers' price for lead Is $4 20,
; and for copper $18. The Metal Exchange Issued
I no rei>ort. .- - -
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales 22.000 bags, Including
March. $5 25: May, $5 45: July,- $5 60; August,
$5 63@'5 75; September, $5 75; October, $5 75@
5 80; December, $6: January. $6 05. •
Spot coffee— Rio, dull but steady; No. 7 in
voice, .6%c: No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild, quiet;
Cordova. B<Sl4c. -
SUGAR— Raw, firm, tending upward. . Fair
refining. 3 7 <,c; centrifugals, 96 test, 4%c; molas
ses sugar. 3 11-16 c. Refined, firm and active:
mold A, 5V4c; standard A. l%c; confectioners'
A, 4 £c; cutloaf, 5>,4c; crushed, ' 5%c; powdered,
sjfcc. •■■ - ; " ■- ~
BUTTER— - 3343 packages; .. steady.
Western creamery, 16@22c; Elgins, 22c; factory,
ll@l4c. . '.-'."'" ■■'■■ '
, EGGS— Receipts, 2015 packages; strong. West
ern, 35c; Southern, 34®35c.  - : ;, fr;.^;
• DRIED FRUITS.' \ '
• NEW YORK, Feb.. 25.— California dried fruits
ql EVAPORATED APPLES— 7(®S',ic;
prime wire tray, B%®9c; choice, OVt'w'j'^c; fancy,
»%@loc. ,- - • . •": - . ■ •' I
PRUNES— 4@IOe.' •. • -
APRICOTS— ll@14c: Mnorpark, 13{?17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. S©llc; peeled. 2Ss2Bc.
• CHICAGO • GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb.. Wheat started . a shade
lower, although after 'the close yesterday on
the curb it had given evidence ' of much
strength. The period of hesitation to continue
the advance, however, was short,. as there was
a good deal of anxiety among traders over the
Manila situation, and May wheat, which
■started at 73',^U7:'%c. in a very short - time
rOM to 74c and a little later It went Mill
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2(i, 1899.
I higher. After the flurry near the opening the
fluctuations were merely the result of the ex
pressions in the pit of the faith of the two
• ! paraes to the deal, each taking; its turn. As
soon 1 as short sales slackened the price • ceased
to decline and-icngs refused to .second the ef
forts.- of the other party by sacrificing Hold
ings. Under tn • circumstances the price rose
to 74v-»e for - May wheat, and at that figure
there appeared i some inducement I for i longs to
sell, itealizlng- and activity on the part of the
! bears '.hammered . the price ; down to 72% c. The
close Uixs weak at 72T4®73c, a net decline of %c.
In corn shorts covered freely and there was
good bnying for the long account early. When
wheat started to decline, however, realizing set
in. The close was unchanged from yesterday.
Heavy' covering by shorts and a good cash
demand i strengthened * oats. May left off t un
changed." ' • - '• ■
Diminishing receipts of hogs and higher
prices at the yards started the provlsioV mar
ket firm. '. There were free sellers at the" ad-,
vance and not sufficient spirit In '.the bidding
I to withstand tUe pressure of offerings. Pork
j and ribs are a' shade lower and lard unchanged,
j. The leading fixtures ranged as follows: ■ .
Articles— i Open. High. Low. Close.
! Wfceat No. 2 —
May.... 73%- 74'g 72% 73
! July : 71% •■ 72>,f, ■ 71% - -7114 .
Com No. 2—
May , ..:...'- 36% 36%. 36<; . "36%
• July *.'. 36% 37'/» 36% 36%
September ...~ 37& 37% -37} i ,-; 37%
. Oats No. 2— ! \ .
! May - 28 28% '28 28 \
July 26 26V* 26 ; 26 -\-
Mess Pork, per barrel- ■ . • - '
! May .;9 65 965 955 9 57>4
July ..'_........ .....9 HO '9 80 ... 975 975
Lard, -per 100 pounds— \. ■'■•' ' ''■ ' .
; May ..^... 5 47' i 550 5 42Vi 540
: July ...'-... .....6'60 5 62Vi 655 .5 57^
I September ; . . . .5 -7214 5 7214 • . 6 671s . 6 67y 2 
i Short "Ribs, per 100 pounds—
! May 4 *"«*;. 490 4 82^ 485
I July 5-00 500 495 4 97&
September 5 12><> 5 12 ! 2 5 07Vs "„ 510
Cash quotations w«re a.* follows: Flour, dull;
winter pE.tents, $3 «o@3 90; straits, $3 40@3 60;
i clears, $3 30^13 40; spring specials, $4 20; hard
patents. $3 6003 70; soft, $3 40@3 60; straits,
$3<g3 20; So. 2 spring wheat, 68V&O71MC; No. 3
H spring whi?at. 65m§;71c; No. 2 red, 72 I ,s@73^c;
■ No. 2 corn, 35!ii&3i.M>c; No. 2 oats, 27^@27%c;
' ; No. 2 white, 3U@Ulc; 'No. 3 white, 29%@301ic;
! No 2 rye, 561ic; No. 2 barley, 41ig51c; No. 1
I naxseed, $1 15Vi; prime timothy seed, 4002 50;
; mess pork,' per barrel, $9 45@9 50; lard, per 100
j pounds, $5 3005 32%; short ribs sides (loose),
I 44 6C'lj 1 SO: dry saLted shoulders (boxed), $4 23@
14 3714; short clear sides (boxed), $4 95(§5 05;
I whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 26 : ;
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
; Flour, barrels 16,000 10,000
Whvat. bushels 54.000 8,000
I Corn, bushels 483,000 191.000
! Oats', bushels 258,000 155.000
I Rye. bushels 10,000 14,000
Barley;, bushels 36.000 11,000
1 On tte Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
I market was dull and easy; creameries, 14@21c;
. dairies. H l -i<&l7c. Eggs, weak and lower; fresh,
j 30<g.32c. Cheese, steady; creams, 9%@loV£c.
V . WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments. i
• Cities— ; Bushels. • Bushels. |
! Minneapolis 183.250 45.600 |
Duluth .., 112.321 , 5.210;
Milwaukee 28,700 . 9.400
Chicago •• 53,050 7.700 i
Toledo 34,042 36,000 1
St Louis ..-* • 9,000 15,000 I
Detroit 11,816 ■ 990
. Kansas City ' 49,500 21,500 j
Totals 483,679 141,400 '
! Tidewater— ,
'Boston 23,663 . 105,866
New York 64.000 1 ..;....
: Philadelphia 6,299 1.538 i
Baltimore 9,629 36.000 j
I New Orleans .'.. 79.-870 j
I Galveston .' •••
Totals I- . - —
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. • May. July.
Opening 5,7% 5 S>4  57%
Closing - ......
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Feb. May-Aug. -
Closing ......
, Sloslng
Opening • ::»«?■ - 1 21 35 i
Closing
LONDON WOOL TRADE.
LONDON, Feb. 25.— Business In the Wool,
trade was quiet during the week.- There were
a few inquiries, but transactions were light.
The arrivals for the next series of Wool auc
tion sales number 206,171 bales/ including 95,000
bales forwarded direct; " ■
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. . Feh. 25.— Consols, 111U: Silver,
27% d: French Rentes. 102f 90c. .Wheat cargoes
off coast: nothing doing; cargoes on passage,,
i quiet and steady; cargoes of Oregon. 31s 6d.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 25.— Wheat, firm.
• COTTON— Uplands, 3 11-32 d. ..."•.. *
I i "X->;..' : :^ ; ,'. CLOSING. ■;,;■■ : -* ; .•,■':"
i ■ WHEAT— Spot," firm; -No. 1 1 * red Northern
spring 6s lV4d; futures closed quiet; February,
nominal; March, 5s f 7%d; May, Ss 8V»d; July,
iss ;"7944."V!:>' ■' * J; '--< •"'■.'■-••'•>"-...■"'•. , ..■--■" '■'" '
i •"• CORN— Spot, firm; American ." mixed new,
.3s ffV4d: American mixed old. 3s 7'^d; futures,
\" February, nominal;" March, quiet, 3s 5%d; May,
"quiet. 3s 5 ! 4d. ■ . " .
FLOUR— Louis fancy winter, dull, 7s 3d.
i ' HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, firm. £4 15s
' @£5 ss. , y
GOLD AND SILVER MOVEMENT. -
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— Exports of gold and
' silver from this port to all countries for this
: week aggregate $938,025 silver in bars and coin !
'■ and $21,293 gold. The imports of specie last I
week were $29,567 in gold and $94,054 silver.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 25.— Clearances, $252,- i
'■ 555; balances, $61,084.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 25.— WHEAT -Walla
Walla, 59@60c; valley, 60c; blue stem, 61@62c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. WHEAT— CIub, 5Sc; blue I
! stem, 61(<j 62c.
LOCAL MARKETS. #
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days . — $4 S5Vi
['Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 57%
1 Sterling Cables '..' — 4 88
i New York Exchange, eight — - 17%
: New York Exchange, telegraphic — : -20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 5»%
■ Mexican Dollars —_. 47 V" <•>
j WHEAT— The Cardiganshire takes for Liver
pool 28,393 ctls, valued at $32,600. . . . . ■
The market closed the week dull and lower
on call. ' .• • , .'.■-■'
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $1 12%@1 15; milling,
$1 17%©1 20 per ctl. "
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— sales.
Second Session— May— ctls, $1 1614; 32,000,
'$1 16%. December— 6ooo, $1 19%; -2000. $119%;
, 4000. $1 19>4- Seller. 1899, new— 4ooo, $1 15.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4ooo ctl», $1 16.
BARLEY— Futures declined tnln. i The spot
market was neglected and. uncnunged.
Feed, $1 25®1 27%; Brewing, 1 - nominal. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller, 1899, new— 4ooo ctls,
$1 03%; 2000, 03:, 2000, $1 02%; 8000, $1 02; 4000,
*102%; 6000, $1 02 '-i. ■ ■ '.
Regular Morning Session— Seller. 1899, new—
2000 ctlß, $1 01%.
OATS— Offerings are small and the market Is
firm, but the demand Is light.
Fancy Feed, $1 35(al 37% per ctl; good to
choice, $1 32%; common, $1 30; Surprise, $1 42%@
150; Gray. $1 30@l 32%; Milling; $135 per ctl;
Red, $1 45>&1 55; Black, *1 6091 55.
CORN— 'xhe leeling is steady, but the market
is not active. ; . • •
Small round Yellow, $123; Eastern large
Yellow, $1 100112%; White, $1 10;- mixed. $1 07%
@1 10 per ctl; California White, $1 12%.
RYE— sl 12%®1 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Shipment of 5000 barrels of Flour, valued at
$17,:"00, to Liverpool.
California family extras, $4'B>4 15;
bakers' extras, $3 90@4; Oregon and Washing
ton, $3@3 65 per bbl. ' - ; .-;
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, ■ usual discount to the •-■ trade: I Graham
Flour, $3 25 .per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. {2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, 57; Cornmeal,' $150;- extra i
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. .4 50©;4 75; I
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck- |
wheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, 13 75; !
Farina, $4 50; Whole* Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled !
Oats (barrels), $6 35@6 75; in sacks, $6 15@6 55;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, »4 25;. Green Peas,
$4 50 per 100 pounds. . .
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and .Middlings rule firm. Local Hay
continues dull and unchanged, though the feel
ing Is rather firmer. ■ Outside Hay is higher.
The circular of Scott & Magner says: "Re
ceipts of Hay on the San Francisco market
during this week have" continued to-be quite
moderate, and not as much as is usual at this
period of the season. Jln . the absence of rain
and with the drying ' wind that is prevailing
throughout the State, it was ■ natural to expect
that the market would advance, particularly
in view. of the fact that stocks of Hay on hand
are not large, but this expectation has' not
been realized. While the market is firm, and
on some consignments pales have been made
at slightly better figures than during last week,
there Is no . general advance ; in * prices. . Sales
during the week have only been fair: The -main
trouble appears to be the simple proposition of
lack •of demand. With a continuation of the
prevailing conditions, the market should do
better In rhe near future." - -> ■' .
HRAN- »'!> 60f|20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 2 I'm 22 SO per ton.
FEEDBTrFTB — Rolled Barley. $26«527 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31®31 50; job- I
bin*. 532&32 Us Cocoanut Cake, $24^25; Cot- ]
tonseed Meal. $2S®3O per ton : Cornmeal, *23 50
(524 60; Cracked Corn, $24-3 25; Mixed Feed,
" $19 50*j20.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat. $16@17 50 for
good to choice and $13"50(315 50 for lower. grades; j
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat. $13 sd@
, 1C 50: Oat. $12 5O«14 50; Island Barley." $13@14;
Alfalfa, $11@12; Stock. $10: Clover, nominal. :
s OUTSIDE ■ HAY (from Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
.' Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13@14 50; . Cheat.
$10®ll 50; Grass Hay, $10<&10 50; Oat. $12 50©
, 13 75; Clover, $10@li; Timothy, 510 50@12 per
ton.
i STRAW— 30<g67'ic per bale.
I BEANS AND SEEDS.
) More firmness is . reported in Beans, and a
I few changes appear.. Seeds stand the same..
BEANS— Bayos, $1 60@l SO; . Small Whites,
'• $2©2.15; Large Whites,.- ■ $1 70@l 80; Pinks,
, $1 90<S2 05; Reds, $3 25@3 35; 'Blackeye, $3 75@
j 3 SO; Butters, $2 25@2 50; Lima's'," $3 23(&3 35; Pea,
ls2 25©2 .'ii ; Red Kidneys, $2 40@2 50 "> per' ctl. r : '•
i SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50@4 75 per ctl; !
j yellow Mustard. $3 75@4; Flax, $2 15@2 25; Ca- j
! nary Seed, 2%(52%c per tt>; ■ Alfalfa, SiHSUc;
. Rape. 214@2%c: Hemp, 21£<S3c: Timothy, s@sVic I
I DRIED P.EAS— Nlles, $1 65@1 70; Green, $20 j
■ 2 30 per ctl. , -; ■ \' , v - 
1 POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
. Receipts of Rhubarb were large at the close j
j and some was carried over to Monday. Aspar- |
| Agus stood about the. same. Peas had a wider
| range. ' Potatoes* are weak and Onions are also ]
: easier. ;
Hothouse Cucumbers from San Jose, $1 50@2
per dozen. \
POTATOES— 7Sc@SI 05 per ctl for Early Rose, (
90c(g'$l 10 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marin Burba 90c@$l 10 per ctl; Oregon,
1 85c@$l 20; Sweet Potatoes, 75c for River- and
$1 75 for Merced; New Potatoes, IV4@2V2C per.
Ib. . -• . . •
ONIONS— SOc@SI 15 per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon. •
VEGETABLES— G^lOc per lb'for
| No. 2. 11@12%c for No. 1 and 14@15c for fancy;
i Rhubarb, S@loc per lb: Green Peas, SffiSc;
I String Beans, — <§ — ; Cabbage, 40<@50c; Toma
| toes, $1 5002 25 for Los Angeles; -Egg Plant,
< — (a— per rb; Garlic, 6@7c per tt>; Dried Okra,
! 15c perlb: Green Peppers, 35c per lb; Dried
I Peppers, 7@12%c: Carrots, 25@35c per sack.
\ POULTRY AND GAME.
Game did better again. Two cars of Eastern
| Poultry go on to-morrow.
* POULTRY— Dressed' Turkeys, 12',2®13c; live
( Turkeys. ll®l3c for Gobblers and ll@l3c for
i Hens; Geese per pair, $1 5091 75; Goslings. $!! 25
i (52 50; Ducks, $4 50fi6; Hens. $5 50(56 50; young
1 Roosters. $7<S'7 50; old Roosters, t'.fi'a; Fryers,
$6@6 50; Broilers. $5@5 50 for large, $3 50@4 50
■ for small; Pigeons, $1 5091 75 per dozen for I
I old and $2 2592 50 for Squabs.
I GAME— Quail, $1 6091 75; Mallard, $2 5094;
i Canvasback. $2 50r«6 50; Sprig, $2@2 50; Teal. |
I $2«i2 50; Widgeon, $I@l 25; Small Duck, $101 25;
; English Snipe, $2 50ra'3 50; Jack Snipe, $lftl 25;
Gray Geese, $2: White Geese, 73e<S$l: Brant. $1
(SI 50: Honkers, *3rii3 50; Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, ■
$1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
PUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
'Eggs went up again and were in active de
\ mand at the advance. Chicago was still In the
market, which was well "" cleaned up at the
close. ,
| 1 Butter continued quiet and weak. Cheese was j
unchanged.
I BUTTER— 4
I Creamery — Fancy creameries, 25c; seconds, ;
24c. -
Dairy— to fancy, 21@23c; common
. grades. 17© 20c. -
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 16@17c; pickled roll.
14(ffl6c for dairy and - 16([fl7c for * creamery
squares; creamery tub. 19c. / ■
"Eastern Butter— packed, 13^@14c per
i Ib: Elgin, nominal. : '.-'■
CHEESE— mild new, ll@ll'-ic: old, 10
i @1014 c; Cream Cheddar, 12@12V4c; Young Amer
ica. lIH9IJ%c; Eastern, 10@12c.
EGGS— Quoted at 17@19c per dozen* with scat
tering sales at 16c early in the day.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. l -]
. Limes, are almost out of the. market. There
is nothing new in Oranges. Apples are firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
" Apples. 50c(95l fo» common, $1 25@1 50 per box
for No. 1 and $1 75, for choice.
1 CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50.<?2 75
per box: Seedlings. 75c<Jr$l 50; Mandarins, $1 23
01 75:' Lemons. 75c@$l 50 for common and i2^>
250 for good to choice; Mexican - Limes. $!•;
California Limes. — <3~ per small box; Grape
Fruit. SI 50*i2; Bananas, $1 25<g2 50 per bunch; i
Pineapples, $2<g4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS. *
DRIED FRUITS— 614 c for 40-50's,
@4%c for 50-60' s,- 3>,i@3l4c for CO-70s, i ,<&3<z lor
70-80's, 2!£®2%c for SO-90's. 2'Ti2'.ic for !!0-100's
and l%@2c for 100-110's; Silver. Prunes, 2\- 2 5
sc; Peaches. 7%@Bljc for good to choice, 999HC
for fancy and — — ' for peeled, 'Apricots,' 101J(3
13V4c tor Royals and 14'»> c for Moorpaiks; Evap
orated Apples, -7©Sc; sun dried, Vgs'v;c; lilaek
Figs, sacks. 2<S2V£c;. Plums, nominal, l^l'/ii: for
unpitted; Pears, nominal. . . *
RAISINS— for two-crown, : -4?4c for thrce
crewn, ' 5%c for four-crown, - 4%<s<ic for Seed-,
less Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$120.) for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2%4f3c-
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c -per, lb; v! « Walnuts, : . 7@Bc
for hardshell, -9<&loc ■ for .•spftshell; 'Almonds,
7@Sc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell,'- 15<yi6c '
for paper-shell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and
4%@5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 005/5. -'
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9c for
lower grades; water white extracted, 7c; light
amber extracted, 6@614c; dark, s@6ljc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@2t>c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The demand continues fair at the firm prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, S@SHc per lb for
I heavy, B!£@9c for light medium, 10%@llc for
I light. 12c. for extra light and 12U@i3c for sugar
| cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Cali-
I fornia Hams. 10c; -Mess Beef, $12@12 50 per bbl;
1 extra Mess Beef. $13 50; Family -Beef, $14 60®
' 15- extra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear, $17 £.0;
j mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
— Tierces quoted at"4%4i5%c per ib for
j compound and 7&714 c for pure; half-barrels,
| pure. 7%@Sc; 10-lb tins, BVic; 5-lb tins, S%c.
I COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
I lets than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails, Bit in a case. 9' 2 < ;
I 3-lb palls, 20 in a case. b%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a |
I case, S^c; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case. B%c; 50-lb |
tins 1 or 2 in a case, 7T4c; wooden buckets,- £0
lbs net, BMic: fancy tubs. .80 lbs net, 7Jic, half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c. ".■■--"';■
. HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Shipment of 158,702 pounds Tallow to Liver
pool. - ; ".~- .h; ■,
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. . Heavy salted
6teers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. B@BV4c; Cow
hides, 81' 2 @9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; Culls and Brands,
I 12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10<g30c each; short
; Wool 35060 c each; medium, 90c; long Wool.
i 90c(g$'l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75©2 25 for
1 large and $1 for small; Colts. . 25@50c; Horse I
i Hides dry. $1 50@2.f0r large and $1 for 'small. j
TALLOW— No. 1» rendered, 3^iCtiVic per It>; !
No. 2 2%@3c; refined, 4%@5c; Grease, 2©214 c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months, 769 c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months,' S@9c; Foothlil and Northern, free, 10$p ;
12c; Foothill and Northern, defective. 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 14@15c; Nevada, 100
12c ; • Eastern Oregon. 10@12c. ;■.'-■• Vt," H': *.*£•
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno 9 @11
Northern Mountain — CWfP 9
Southern • •• 6 @ 714 !
Plains :.."... 5 4? 6 ;
• HOPS— IB9B crop. 10@llo per Ib for ordinary,
12@12%c for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands. . .
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain "Bags, 53455% c for
June-July delivery; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San
Quentin Bags, $4 95.
I COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southneld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, J6: Coos Bay. *5; Wallsend, $7 50.
Scotch. $S; Cumberland, ?8 50 in bulk and $9 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Car.nel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
I in sacks.
CANNED FRUlT— Shipment of 2527 cases to
Liverpool.
SALMON— Shipment of 4113 cases to Liver
pool. Alaska Salmon Is quoted at $I@l 05 per
dozen f. o. b. on car load lots. .-.-■•' - ,
CODFlSH— Advanced again yesterday. Now
quoted at Gc for bundles, 6M-c for cases. Tic for
extra do, 7'/i@7 ! Jic for boneless, B'2'Syc for strips.
i'AftilOViC ■ for middles, S@yc for bricks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
-1 pany quotes terms net cash:. Cube, . Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated. 5%c; Con
fectioners' A. 5»4c: California A, 5Uc; Magno
| lia A, 5%c; Extra C, s' 4c; Golden C, 51-sc; half
I barrel?, Vie more than barrels, and boxes %c
I more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
I or its equivalent. .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The Hog market shows no weakness and lo
cal packers )' are paying the top quotations for
choice stock. The other descriptions remain
unchanged, except Lamb, which is weaker/"
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: V-, : :T» ■ ■ - ; i' " .
. BEEF— per tb. - -•■« .- . . •
VEAL— Large and small, S@9c per it).
MUTTON— Wethers, 9@9iic; Ewes. B%@9c.
LAMB— 9@loc per lb for yearlings ana I2>,£c
for spring. ' '- •■•../", i
POKK— Live Hogs, o'ic for large, ."\i^6c for
medium and s@S%c for small; stock "Ilog^ tic.
@sc; dressed Hogs, e'/igS'/ic. .' ; , "
RECEIPTS OF, PRODUCE.
For Saturday. February. 25. •
Flour, qr Fk5.. :..,J3,33C Hay,', tons ....-;• 245
Wheat, ct15....... 3,510 Wool, bales:...:.; 55
Barley, ctls...' 2,l3>:Eggs. doz 17,440
Corn, ctls .:... 10 i Wine, ga15......... 123.500
Butter, .ctls. v • I!>S Leather, r0115... . 125
Cheese, 1 ct15...'.... 37 ; Hides, -n0........;- 503
Beans. Ek5.....:.. Pelts, bd15:....... • 127
Potatoes, 5k5..... 2.347 Lime, bb15......:. 226
Onions, 5k5....... S4oiQuicksUver. flks. 22s
Bran; sks ...... 3721 Sugar, ; bags....;. .350
Middlings, sks....2sS l x ■ ."":;."•
J OREGON. ■...,;, " -
Flour, qr sks .".-.. 1,480 Potatoes, .sks;:... -309
j Oats, ctls ....... ■' -920. Hay, t0n5.. ........ . - 10
THE SOTCK MARKET.
|,'- Mining stocks declined last week and the de
| preciation was .considerable,, as will be seen
by the appended table. The feeling yesterday
was weak. . The daily report . from the pump
was as follows: "We are now able to keep the
water at ' 53 feet j below ■ the 1750 level station,
j running the pump at half speed. Are prepar
ing the pump compartment for the second ele
vator."
■• Local securities •,.- were fairly active, with
Contra Costa Water leading at $64@6j. -■;
Th" Oceanic Steamship Company wilt pay a
dividend of 60c per. share Wednesday.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Savage ,
Mining Company will be held to-morrow. ■ i
The Mountaineer Mill and Mining Company of i
Nevada County has. levied an assessment of 4c
per share, delinquent March' 7.
The Old Honi£ Consolidated. Mining Com
pany of Nevada County-'- has levied an assess
ment of l%c per share .■ delinquent March 25.
The Homestake mine of South Dakota paid
its regular monthly. dividend of 23c per share
and. an extra one of the. same amount yester
day, the. two aggregating Ji52.500. making $125,
--000 since January 1 and $7,306,250 in all. . .
The Isabella mine of Colorado yesterday paid
a dividend •of tic per share, or $135,000,,' making
1405.000 .since the- start.' ■-■■..
The -Small Hopes mine of Colorado paid a
dividend of $25.0u0 on the 16th inst., the first
since June, IS9S. To date this mine has paid
$3,325,08* '-' ;>,>>■ ■ ; ■■• ■ "
The Morning Star mine, in Placer County,
paid a dividend of $4 per share, or $9600, this
month, making $19,600 since January 1 and
$7117,400 in all.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.: -
. ' SATURDAY, February 25-12 m.
Bid. Ask. , ' Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P... — BV4
4s quar c0up.. 113 — Kqult G L Co. 9% 10 »
4s quar reg... — — Mutual El Co. 15?* 15%
4s quar new... l2S»/6129Vi Oakland Gas.. 4S 4»
3s quar coup. . 107 I Pac Gas Imp.. 53% —
Miscellaneous— Par 1 Co 4SU 4?V 4
Cal-st Cab is. .114 — , S F G & E.... £3% 84Vi
Cal Elec 55.... 125^127% San Fran .... 3% 3%
C C Wat 55.... 107% 10S-V Stockton Gas.. — 14 /.
Dup-_st ex c... — — Insurance— c
EL. & P 65. ..130% — Flrem's Fund. 22o f*- ■-.
F&CI Ry 6s. — 120% Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 102 'Anglo-Cai .... b6 68
HC & S 5%5. — :05 Bank of Cal v — —
LAL Co 65.. - - Cal SD&T\ 98 98-4
Do gntd 65.. — 102 First Nati0n1.217%225
Market-st 65... 127% 128 Lon P & A... 133 —
Do Ist M ss. 117 — Mer Exchange— 16
NCN G R 75. 107 — Nev Nat 8k..175 —
N Rv Cal 65..U3%m% ; Savings Banks— _
N Ry Cal 55. .113 - Ger S & L...1640 1650
NPC It R 104% — ,Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 55.101%102Vi Mutual Say.. — 41%
N Cal R R 55. 100 — |8 F Say L-.. 49.% —
Oak Gas 05... 110 - S& L 50.... — 102%
Om C Ry 65... — — j Security S B 300 300
P&CI Ry 65..105 1 - — Union T C 0..1410. .1410 1450
P & O 6? 117 " — ! Street Railroads—
Powell-st 65... 120 125 California — 111 —
.Sac El Ry ss. — — Geary 45 — •
SF& N P ss. 110% 111 Market-st .... 62 62 %
SF & S JVSs.II3 — Oak SL& H. — —
Sierra ßCal C5.104%103% Presidio 11 —
SPof Ar 65.. 112 — - Powder—
S PC 6s (1905)114 ] 14' California 160 170
S P C 6s (1906)115%U6% E Dynamite... 87% —
SPC 6s (1912)122% — Giant Con Co. 60% — :
3PCIs eg 53.106 — Vlirorlt ....2% 2%
S P Br 6s 124% — | Miscellaneous—
B V Water 65,. — 119% IAI Pac Assn..lOSUlOJ
S V Water 45. .104 — |Ger Ld Wk5...260 —
S V W45(3dm).101% — Hana PI C 0... 16& 16**
Stktn Gas 65.. — 107 HC & S Co.. 74 75
Water Stocks—,. Hutch S.P Co. — 33%
Corttra Costa.. 63*4 64 Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Marin Co 50 — | Oceanic S Co. 75 —
Spring Valley. loli/ilol% Pac A F A.... 1 ' 1%
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co. loo —
Capital Gas...— — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent Gaslight. los — I
. .' Morning Session.
Board— - r/>
150 Contra Costa Water 64 oO
200 Contra Costa Water. 64 23
200 Contra Costa Water 64 00
25 Contra Costa Water 64 12%
. 1 Contra Costa Water...:..... 65 00
100 Equitable Gas 10 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 74 00 j
150 Market-st Railway 62 CO
10 Market-st Railway 62 25
$1000 Market-st Ry Con 5 per cent bonds. ll7 25
150 Mutual Electric Light 15 50
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 37%
$3000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 102 00
.■ 100 Oceanic SS C 0...'. 75 00
50 Oakland Gas .-, 49 00
$1000 S P. Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds... 123 00
J3O S V Water.......... ..' 10l 62%
117 M V Water.....;..,... 101 50
'-.-■' Street—' • •
100 California Powder./ 160 00
$6000 S V 4 per cent bonds 104 00
150 Oakland Ga5..... .". 49 00
' INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
-■ . Board— -V-C-. ' . ■ ■■"*'■
$5000 S V Water 4 per cent (3d issue) .... 102 25
100 Hutchinson P C 0....... 33 75
1 65 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 73 50
•35 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. . — 73 62%
45 Mutual Electric. Light:.... 15 62%
. 68 Mutual Electric Light....... 15 73
300 Equitable Gaslight......::.. .:.. 10 12%
200 Equitable Gaslight :' :.. 10 25
37 Market-st Railway 62 00
$5000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent............ 125 00
MINING STOCKS. /
' Following were the ' sales \in the . San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session. ',\
• 200 Andes 20 500 Potosi 30
600 Best & Belcher 57 500 Savage 34
700 Chollar . 40 100 Scorpion CC
500 Con Cal & V...1 S.V 350 Sierra Nev 1 30
300 Con Cal & V...1 SO 200 Standard 3 15
100 Confidence SO 700 Union Con &6
' 100 Gould & Curry. 42 350 Union Con 55
300 Hale & Norcrs. 43 150 Yellow Jacket.. 34
SOO Mexican 64 300 Yellow Jacket.. 35
300 Ophir 110 25 Yellow Jacket.. 33
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: : . -ij*^ •
Morning Session.
500 Alta 11 700 Mexican 69
200 Best & Belcher 58! 200 Mexican 67
400 Best & Belcher 56 j 400 Occidental ..... 33
500 Chollar 43 300 Occidental 34
300 Chollar 41 2100 Ophlr .1 10
1700 Con Cal & V...1 85 700 Ophir 1 12%
600 Con Cal & V...1 80 900 Ophir 1 07%
100 Con Cal & V...1 73| 600 Ophir 1 05
.600 Con Cal & V.I 77% 1000 Overman 12
200 Crown Point... 271 800 Potosi ..t 31
500 Gould & Curry. 441 300 Savage 34
300 Gould & Curry. 42 600 Savage 33
600 Gould & Curry. 411 400 Savage 32
700 Gould. & Curry. 40 ■ 400 Sierra Nev 130
500 Hale & Norcrs. 43 j 300 Union C0n...... 57
500 Hale & Norcrs. 42 200 Union Con 56
700 Hale & Norcrs. 411 800 Union Con.. 55
400 Mexican 71 400 Yellow Jacket.. 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. •
. SATURDAY. February 25—12 m.
'■ ' Bid. Ask. I -Bid. Ask.
Alpha 08 10 Julia — 04
Alta — 13 Justice — 23
Andes 19 20 Kentuck 12 14
Belcher 23 25 Lady Wash.... — 05
Benton ..'.lO — Mexican .'. 65 67
Best & Belcher 53 65 1 Occidental 29 31
Bullion 05 07 Ophir ...........1 05 110
Caledonia ...... 39 41 Overman 11 13
Chollar ......... 40 41|Potosi ........... 29 .30
Challenge 26 28 Savage 32 33
Confidence SO — Scorpion — 06
Con Cal & V...1 75 1 So;Seg Belcher.... 03 06
Con Imperial... — C 2 Sierra Nev 125 130
Crown Point... 25 27 Silver Hill.. —'. 05
Con New York. — 04 Syndicate — OS
Eureka C0n.... -*-', 40 Standard 3003 10
Exchequer — ' 03 Union C0n...:.. 53 55 :
Gould & Curry. 39 40' Utah ........... 24-26
Hale & Norcrs. 40 41 Yellow Jacket.. 32 34
MINING STOCKS. ,
Highest prices of stocks during the week. *.
, Name of Stock. ../ M. T. W. T. IF. | S.
Alpha ......:...;.....■... 11 10.... lflrt" OS 09
Alta 16 15 .... 15 11 ....
Andes 25 24.... 22 20 20
Belcher 34 30.... 2»j 27....
Best & Belcher . 79 •68 59 61 57
Bullion 10 ,J)9 .... 08 07 07
Caledonia .............:. 50 45.... 41 45 40
Challenge 33 .33 .... 28 ! ....
Chollar 1 50 -45 .-;.. 43 43 40
Con Cal & V 2 30 2 30 .... 2 10 1 95 1 S3
Confidence 90 89.... 73 -80 80
Crown P0int..:........: 34 33.... 28 *28 23
Gould &■ Curry /..:...... 57 48j.... :45- 46 43
Hale & Norcross..: 441 401.... 40 44 43
Justice ...-. 31! 26...., 25 27 25
Mexican .....:...... 89 79 ..../ 71 *72 63
Ophlr '. :. 1 451 25 ....11 20|l 10 1 13
Overman 211 116.... ■ 14 1 :-- 13....
Occidental ,'43 . 36.... 34 32 i 30
Potosi 40 35 .... 32 32 31
Savage 39' 33 .... 30 36 34
Standard t. ....... 3 00 3 15!.... 3 25 3 23 3 15
Sierra Nevada...:...... 150 1 30 .... 1 25.1 35 1 30
Union ! 75 65 ] 59 59*56
Utah ..............;...-.. I 32 29!.... 23; 26 25
Yellow Jacket .......... I 42 j .... 33 j 35 35
KEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Frank H. "Woods to L. H. Sly. lot on SE cor
ner of Vallejo and Scott streets. S 50 by E 112:6;
$10. ... .',-:. , - -.- . - . ,„.■ - ,
. Same to same,' lot on N line of .Broadway,
57:6 W of Pierce. W 50 by 100; $10.
Mllo and Katherine E. Hoadley to. Thomas E.
Fisher, lot on . N line of Bush street, 75 W of
Lyon. W2sby N 75: $10. : r ••>
London and San Francisco Bank, Limited, to
Vincent^ Lorenzini;; lot on E line of ,V Walnut
street,. 100 S of Sacramento," S 32:7H'by E 87:6;
i $10. ■■■■--• '■. --:.: -, ' • ■ ■
Moses and Sarah R. Samuel to Charles F.
Rehwald, lot on W line of Tremont avenue. 210
S of Frederick street, S 25 by W 80; $10. "
. Charles :L. . and Tina Hinkel rto Harriet M.
Littell •' lot on W line of Cole street, 50 S of
Beulah, 8 25 by W SO; $10.
Joseph J. Gensoul to Ada T. Gensoul, lot on
E line of Church street.' lll :«%S- of Market:
S 25 by E 125; also all interest in estate of Ade
.line Mejasson; : gift. ' ' ,- .. ■ .;
Arthur .G. and Ellen Fitzpatrlck ' and • Philip
Simmons to Jean P. and Isabelle Mirasgon.' lot
un S • line of Twenty-second street, 95:3 E of
Shotwell, E 1 by S 95; $S5. - V- ■ :
Frank H. Woods to L. H. Sly, lot on W line
of Prumrn street, 59:3 3-7 S of Washington, S
32:4 4-7 by W 75; $10. . :..-'.;, . . .
• Fory. or Floiy .or Florl and Rosa Blaginl to
Francesco and Luigi FlKone, lot on W line of
Ohio place,' S7:6 S or* Broadway, S 20 by W 52;
$5.
■ Sharon Estate Company to Harriet Thompson
(wife of R. It.), lot on N line of Geary* street.
176:3 W of Grant I avenue, W 22:11 by-N ; 1-0;
' $44.0Cf1.
; Benjamin A. and Josephine S. Curtaz to.Em
ma ; L Goeggel (wife of William), undivided "-i
!of the following: Lot on W. line of Bagley
■ place 73 N of O'Farrell street. N 22 by \\ 60;
al=o iot on NW corner of O'Farrell street and
• Baglev place. W 17:6 by -NJ 73; also lot on N
line of O'Farrell.. 17:6 W of .Bagley place. W
I 20 by N 73; $15,000. "; .
Mary A. Barry to G. and Gloseppina Tra
-1 verso. lot on N . line of Clay, street, 60 W of
Mason W2oby N 60; $10. ■ > _ > -
/Gustafsen and Androsella LindQUist to Au
rora O. Anderson, lot' on XE.cCrner of Nine-
I teenth (Butte) and Utah streets, N 27:2 by E
10 Esfate of Maria L. Soule (by Andrew J.
Soule. administrator) to Joseph Coyle, lot on
XIV corner of Point Lobos and Eighth avenues.
W H2:6 by N 100; $152.'..
Moses and Sarah H. Samuel to Charley F
Rehwald, lot on W lino of Sixth avenue. 100
X* of A street V 17, by W 120; $10. •
Laura H. and Amiel H. Brod to S. C Ham
mond, lot on W line or Eighth avenue . 1, ah
Of H street, S 25 by W 120 quitclaim deed; $10
SC and Elizabeth L. Hammond to Solomon
Getz, same; $10. -.■••' ' . ■, ' '..„;_
•' Otillie H. W. Adrian to Henry _ and Kate.
Lichtenstedt. lot 14. block ,T. . Park] Lane Tract.
X M: 3 and°Catherine A. McCann to Henry Lich
tenstedt. same, quitclaim deed: ,*lo._ -
Flora St. Clalr to Charles B. £**£-_}?* on
NW line of Paris street, 50 S\V of Brazil. S\\
100 by NW 100. lot S. block 12. Excelsior Home-
Munro? lot" on nI line, of Wright to avenue
Munr? lot on" NE line of Eighteenth avenue
(South). 125 NW of I street,- N\V. 2.. by N^l^O
lot 15. block 351, South San Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association: 116*
: Samuel Da-vis to Eugenic J. Jones (wife of E
D.). lot 43. block 36, a* l^., M S i?"; &0
widening also being: lot 230 Gift Mao 3.^0.
■ Simon J. or Simon 1.. Downlnz to Mar>
Downing, lot an N line of Montana street 200
Wof Marengo. €00 by N 120. lot 8, block \ ,
Railroad Homestead; $5. • winifrpii
George E. Se X to Martin and fre «
Murphy, lot on E line of San Jose avenue^ 29
S of Kingston street. S 25. N 88 deg. 33 mm
E Si, N »:8%. W S6:2«i. lot 14, John Kingston
Map No. 2; $10. - .»,
Alameda County.
Farah, Rosa and Klla Raphael Mollie Marks
and Jennie Aronson to R. B. and Samuel Liv
ingston, lot on S line of Eighth street 125
E of Harrison, E 50 by S 100, being lots 11 and
12, bloik SO, Oakland; $10.
James V. Coleman, Cecelia C. d'Andlgne an<
Isabella C, May to Carroll C. Holmes, lot on
W line of Telegraph avenue. 45 S «' Thirtieth
street. S 39.96, N\V 126.T.3. N 28.94. \\ T2b.4b to
beginning, block Mt», Rowland Tract. Oakland;
I. L. and Ella J. Baxton to Missouri T. Shp*
mate, lot on SE line of Eleventh street. aO S\\
of East Twenty-first street. S\V 2.'. by fci. 100,
block 12*. Clinton. East Oakland: jlO.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
SKAGIT RIVER CHANNEL POST LIGHT,
WASHINGTON.
Notice is hereby given that the -clustpr of
three piles, with arm for lantern, from which
this fixed red light was shown, on the soutll
side Of the first bend In the channel leading to
the south fork of the Skagit River, and about
one mile S. W. S. from Skagit River post
light, was carried away by the ice February
20, und the light extinguished.
The beacon and light will be re-established
as soon «s practicable, of which due notice
will be given.
This notice affects the List of Lights and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast. ISSS. No. 1151, page
32. and the List of Beacons and Buoys. Pacific
Coast, IS9S, page 72.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
. GEO. C. REITER,
Commander U. S. N., Inspector Thirteenth
Lighthouse District.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographle
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the wurld are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new F'rry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, hy telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N;, in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official" au
thortty of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 26.
Sun rises .' 4:45
Sun seta 6:01
Moon rises 7:20 p. m.
a ■
8 -
It
Ft.
Ft.
Time Time!
r Ft. Ft.
L, W H W
|H WJ jL Wl
! 12:42 4.9| 6:32| 1.1
! 1:80 4.7 1 7.06 1.5
I 2:29 4.4! 7:44 1.9
I 3:34! 4.1j 8:27 2.4
! 4:53! 3.9! 9:22 2.7
I 6;19| 4.0| W:3«! 3-0
26 ..
27 ...
28 ...
1 ...
2 ...
' t ...
A ...
0:101
0:101 R.SI S:49| 1.51
0:341 5.3! 6:30! 1.2
1:OH 5.4! T:» 0.9
1:311 5.51 8:00] 0.6
2:051 5.5| 8:56! 0.5
2:49| 5.6' 10:00| 0.3
3:40! 5-6! H:O6! 0.1
1.1
n.
O.i
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third tl.me column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Riven are additions to the soundings on the
T'nitcd States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME^BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February^ 25. ISDS.
The time nVil on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-daj —
i. *\, at nr>on of tho 12<th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean tim.\
yr. s. ht-ghes.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
I Due.
Signal Astoria (Feb. 26
North Fork.... Humboldt I Feb. 26
Umatilla Victoria & Pupet Sound lFeb. 26
Pomona Humboldt j Feb. 26
Coqullle River. I Tlllamook |Feb. 26
Aloha | Point Arena IFeb. 26
Cleveland ; Pug-et Sound IFeb 27
Weeott ]Cnos Bay jFeb 27
Czarina ! TacorMi [Feb. 27
Wellington I Departure Bay |Feb. 27
Orizaba i Newport |Feb. 27
National City. 1 Grays Harbor jFeb 27
Gaelic China and Japan 'Feb. 28
Australia Honolulu I Feb. 28
Fulton | Portland IFeb. 28
Wnshtena w Tacoma j Feb! 28
Del None Grays Harbor iFeb 28
C'hllkat »Humboldt |Mar 1
Crescent City. I Crescent City iMar. 1
Santa Rosa , San Diego Mar. 1
Columbia j Portland Mar. 1
C. Nelscn Puget Sound Mar. 1
Newburg Grays Harbor !Mar 1
Curacao Mexico iMar t
Point Arena.. . Point Arena IMar. 2
Coos Bay | Newport iMar. 3
Queen 'Victoria & Puget Sound! War. 3
State of Cal... Portland IMar. 6
Empire Coos Bay IMar. 2
Mackinaw Tacoma 'Mar. 3
Arcata Coos Bay 'Mar. 4
Corona 'San Dlpro | Mar. 5
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer Destination. Sails. | Pier.
Coos Bay... Newport Feb. 26. » am]Pler 11
State of Cal Portland Feb. 27, 10 amlPler 24
Corona San Diego iFeb. 27. 11 am'Pter 11
Arcata Coos Bay ;Feb. 27, 4 pmjPier 13
City of ParaiPanama |Feb. 28, 12 mjPMSS
Pomona ...;Humboldt 'Feb. 28, 2 pmiPler 9
Weeott lYaquin.a Bay. 'Feb. 28, 10 am | Pier 13
Orizaba Newport 'Mar. 1, 9 amiPler 11
City PekingjChlna & JapnjMar. 1. 1 pm'PMSS
Aloha 'Point Arena.. ] Mar. 1, 3 pmipier 2
I'matilla .. Vie & Pgt Rfi. I Mar. 2. 10 amiPler 9
Pt. Arena..! Point Arena.. 'Mar. 4. 3 pm Pier 2
Newport ..Alaska |Mar. 2, 9 am; Pier ..
Santa RosaLSan Dteirn Mar. :!. 11 am I'ir-r 11
Columbia ..IPortlanrt IMar. 4, 10 am' Pier 24
Chilkat — Hymholdt 'Mar. 2, I pmjpier U
Steamer
Destination.
Sails.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, February 25.
Ktmr Arcata. Macsreen. 41 hours from Coos
Bny, via Port Orlord 35 hours.
Stmr Mineola. David. 84 hours from Tacoma.
Stmr Ci>rona. Debney. hours from Sa;>
Dletro and way ports.
Stmr 'Westport. Peterson, 66 hours from San
Pedro.
Br ship Crown of India. Cnrkhill. 2% days
from Newcastle, Aus, via Sydney 76 days.
Br bark Cardigan Castle, Gouldin°r, 82 days
from Newcastle. Aus. ■
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 12 hours from
Timber Cove.
• Schr Fred E Sander, Carlsen, 8 days from
Tacoma.
Schr Francis Alice, Walstedt. from Sand
Point.
Saturday, February 23.
Stmr Rnanoke, Kklston, Manila, via Hono
lulu; U R Government.
Stmr State of California, Goodall, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins &. Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. San Pedro; Goodall,
Haw s bark R P Rithet, Calhoun. Honolulu;
Welch & Co. . T ~
Bktn W H Dimond, Nilson. Honolulu, J D
Spreokels & Bros Co. . .
Haw bark Diamond Head. Ward, Honolulu,
Williams, Dimond & Co. , ,
Schr Ruby A Cousins, Knudsen, Kanuiui,
Hind, Rolph & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, February *.
Stmr Whitesboro. Johnson.
Ptmr Chllkat. Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoeino.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace. Victoria and
Port Townsend. '
Stmr Leelanaw. Storrs. Seattle.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Nanaimo.
Br ship Drumcralg, Johnson, Port Town*
send.
Br ship Cardiganshire, Taylor. Liverpool.
Haw hark n P Rithet. Colhoun, Honolulu.
Rktn W H Dimond, Nilson. Honolulu.
Schr Western Home. Nillson, Coos Bay.
CHARTERS.
The Chas Hanson loads lumber at Eureka for
Honolulu; Gen Roberts, lumber on the Sound
for Care Town, lump sum: Glenlee. wheat at
Portland for Europe, 345; J C Pfluger. redwood
at this port for Europe; S P Hitchcock, sugar
at Honolulu for New York. $5 50.
SPOKEN.
Feb 19. lat 49 N. long S W— Br ship Ben
Dearg, from Cardiff for Santa Rosalia.
Feb B, lat 1 X. lont; 30 W— Br bark Glen
breck, from Oregon for Queenstown.
Per Br bark Cardigan Castle, Feb 16, lat
?-i 1". N. long 135 19 W— Br bark Brussels, from
Newcastle, Aug. for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC. PORTS.
RAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 25— Schr F S Red
field, for Port GTamble; schr Comet, for Pore
Ludlow.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Feb 25— Schr Wa
wona, from Port Blakeley.
OLYMPlA— Arrived Feb 25— Bktn Northwest,
from San Diego.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 25— Stmr Alcatraz. for
San Francisco.
L'SAL— Sailed Feb "s— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Saileu Feb 25— Schr Spo
kane, tor Honolulu.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 25— Schr Twilight,
hence Feb IS.
Sailed Feb 25— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco; schr Halcyon, for Newport.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 25— Bktn
Amelia, from Port Ludlow. for Honolulu; ship
Shenandoah, hence Feb 10; bark Snow and
Burgess, from Victoria.
CLALLAM BAY— In bay Feb 25— Bark Cory
phene. from Port Blakeley. for San Francisco.
PORT ANG ELKS— SaiIed Feb 25— Br ship
Marechal. for Portland.
CASPAR— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Navarro, hnc
Feb 23.
Sailed Feb 25— Sehr Abbie. for San Fran-
cisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Feb 25— Schr La
Gironde, from Grdys Harbor.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Feb 25— Bktn Ame
lia, for Honolulu.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Noyo.
hence Feh 23.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Green
wood, hence Feb 23.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 25— Stmr City of To
peka, for Dyea.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Feb 24— Bktn Addena.
hence Nov 27.
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior Feb 24— Br
bark Helen Denny, for Chemainus.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Feb 24— Br ship
Hyderbad, for San Francisco.
SHIELDS— SaiIed Feb 23— Br ship Pythomen«,
for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Feb 2— Br ship Cypromene.
for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN —In port Feb 20— Ger bark
Plantt. for Europe. Co. sail March 1.
SANTA ROSALIA— In port Feb 20— Br ship
Heathbank, discharging, to sail middle of
March: Br ship Caledonia, discharging
Arrived Feb 2— Br ship Poltalloch. from.
Hamburg; schr Pioneer, hence Jan 8, to sail
about Feb 21, for Grays Harbor; bark Alex
McNeil, from Victoria, to sail about March 2
for Port Townsend.
GUAYMAS— In port Feb 21— Br stmr Fastnet.
hence Jan 22.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 25— Br stmr Len
nox, from Portland.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior Feb 25— Jap stmr
Nippon Maru, hence Jan 2.". via Honolulu.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
K^_ ■ Steamers leave Broadway
nni>ii» wharf, San Francisco:
"gKSSfl^__' For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
■VvS^Hfe Feb. 5, 10. 15. 20. 25; Mar. 2:
I&iSSllsr^ change at Seattle.
H|£o* 3ml For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
|MmhW :■ r ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^l§H|»J Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom i\Nash).
10 a m.. Feb. 5. 10. 15, 20, 25:
M»r , Mid even- fifth day thereafter; change
aft sTnta Cruz Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Ga^otk: Santa Barbara Vnturm Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro_(Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m. Feb. 1. 5. 9. 13, 17. 21, 26.
Mar. 1. and every fourth day thereafter
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Mar-
ford <San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
£ S FeTi^ B ""^*^
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maralyn. Altata. La Pas. Santo R° 9 alia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Feb. 11. Mar. 9.
" For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
am 1 hours of m<llnr. ' •'-
-' TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). -
GOODALL. PERKTNS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO, i
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
■ From SDear^treet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI 2 First Class Including Berthi
IHnL SS Second Clas* and Meals.
Columbia sails Feb. 12. 22: March 4. 14.
State of California sails . Feb. 7. 17, 27.
March 9. •
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. •
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
• -. :J fi 1 -J. ?i : ;- :-X v : 030 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
~~ ■ '. ~j ■ ■■■. .■-. • ■'• • \ T 7 " ~~~"
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantlque.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS V-j«_
1 (FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North —*»*»*»
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NORMANDIE :...... ....March 4
LA CHAMPAGNE...... .* March 11
LA BRETAGNE ...March 18
LA TOURINE... ;.... March 25
LA NORMANDIE...... :..... April 1
First-class to Havre. $65 and upward. 5 per
cent • reduction on round trip. ' Second-class to
Havre $45." 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNTTEDSTATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents,
5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and - Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong- with steamers for
India, etc. : No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March 17
NIPPON MARU..:.' Wednesday. .April 12
AMERICA MARU ........Saturday. May 6
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at. company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. ■ ."
, W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
From New ; York ; Every Wednesday, 10 a, m.
St. Paul. ...February 22(St.iPauJ. March 15
6t. Louis..... ...March l ! St. Louts March 23
"V^ RED STAR v LINE,
New York* and Antwerp. "
From New York Every " Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington."... Feb'y UfSouthwark .March t
Noordland Feb'y HI Westernland.. March 15
Frlesiand....... March 1 Kensington March 13
. .EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle., St. M!.ha:l, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to .
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
10 Montgomery Bt.. < Ny of its agencies *
SfjLTxm* EL Naiiv Ea -' ls for Honolulu
PFIIIII9 S ' S - AUSTRALIA
j^j]jr>i "The's^S. Aiameda
ICdnDlliP 0 salls via Honolulu and
«KfcBW' /Smn-ahll Auckland for Sydney
Acfr (OfTlßOiCa^ Wedn e»day. March 22.
••.. : .-> ~* . ■ ■ 'atlop. m. •
Line to COOLGARDIE. - Australia, and CAPB
TOWN, South Africa. • ■„-> %* "!,.-T* ■.
•J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
Freight Of fl 114 Montgomery «tr»»Pt
Freight Office-327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY „ AND ; RIVEB STjsAJf.EBS.
FOR U. S. NAYY-YARfANnfALIEJoT
v Steamer "Monticello." "
Mo . n ,= T^?f- " Wed - Thurs. and Sat., at 945 -'-
m., 8:15. 8:30 p. ir-.. (ex. Thurs night) • FrM»
1 p. " m. and 8 :30 : Sundays 10 :30 a. m fil
Landing and office. ? 6 l? I ° - t - Doc?'p le ?- «*
I. Telephone.'- Main IEOS -' ;~V~ ' '" no>
; FARE ...... ............1;.;.,., qv- '
............... S0»,BOYS`
AND
GIRLS`
PAGE
spar that had drifted from a shipwreck.
. . •• The points of the anchors had been ground upon the rocks until
"I they were very sharp. Quickly from its sheath Egbert drew his sword
." and pricked one of his arms with the sharp point. A stream of blood
.''..followed, falling upon the two anchors. The water steadily rose and
• • Boon the spar floated. The sea monsters were crazed by the sight of
• • "bl«od on the anchors. Now the spar, rising on the water, pulled the
anchors from the rock. A whale and its mate darted forward and
seized the anchors. The sharp anchor flukes caught in their throats
•and held them together. They could not swim apart. "Whenever they
tried to part company the pain forced them to stop. They were har
nessed. The other sea monsters, frightened by the sight, swam
-.- , rapidly away.
"Draw near,' said Egbert in a commanding voice, "and I will tell
you what to do. Serve me as I command and I will unchain you. If
'." you refuse you will starve miserably, for you cannot swallow food
•now — nor will you ever unless I free you."
The harnessed whales did as they had been commanded.
.. • "I will trouble you for a ride," said Egbert, seeing another spar
that was drifting: by. -Bring me that spar."
Again the whales obeyed, carrying the spar in their mouths. The
■spar had a long rope fastened to it. This rope Egbert tied to the
chain. Then he sat astride of the spar and ordered the whales to
". gwim slowly toward a sail in the distance that was drawing near.
Sticking the ftoint of his sword in the spar, Egbert managed to steady
himself by holding on to the sword.
■-. .' The nearing vessel was a large fishing boat, and the crew Egbert
\- knew to be subjects of his father, the King. They took him on board
• gladly and sailed away under his direction after he. keeping his
■!• -.promise, had unhooked the two anchors from the spar to let the
w.hales part company. The monsters managed soon to get nd of
the anchors and were glad that they had not fared worse.
'Steer,' said Egbert to the master of the vessel, "for the Three
Kingdoms of Zybokar."
■"••"• "Alas, master. I know not where they are."
.'•"■ "But you have sailed the ocean in all directions?"
FRANKIE will never forget the
half day that he passed with his
friend Pat. who drives the coal
cart. Pat is a whole souled man,
who is fond of all children and
• particularly of Frankie. The little boy
was standing at his father's front gate.
" on Franklin street, when Pat rode by.
Franki* was dressed all in whit-, and
he looked so nice that the ladies who
passed that way stopped to look at him.
His motjier had made him ready to go
to his Cousin Nellie's and he had cm
■ his very best clothes. Pat came 'hiv
ing by and Frankie called to him, and
• wav^.l one little hand to attract his
friend's attention. Pat was busy at
first, but soon saw Frankie and invited
.him 'to ride.
So the little man pattered after Pat
• as fast as his little legs would carry
" b'im He was quite out of breath when
he finally got into the cart with Pat,
who drove to a coal yard.
By and by the cart was full and Pat
drove up on the scales to weigh the
coal Frankie knew that he had run
away and that perhaps his mamma
would be worried about him. Still, alt
little boys have- some naughty streaks
and Frankie was much like other boys.
H«> had run away— but . he was not
REX AND KATE WENT FISHING.
BY KATHERINE SCHILLER, SAUSALITO.
IN a wonderfully beautiful spot in
the Blue Ridge Mountains or Penn
sylvania, nestled do™ among the
lovely hill* was a dear old fash
oned homestead. , A more delight
ful place could not be desired, with
' us ireat rocrmv house, the vast apple
•orchard, th? butternut, trees, the grape
■S S and the old fashioned 'June roses
that were so fragrant. The crab apple
-•trJVs and the lilac bushes and waving
corn fields-every thing delighted^the
-hearts and eves of Rex and Kate.-Hav
ing been raised in the city, this beau
.-t?ful country seemed like a bit of heav
en to them. ,
• \cross the road, beyond . the barn.
was a clear, rippling brook with small
fish in It, and here Rex and Kate went
•§&&. Kate was a blue-eyed, tow
GBERT, on his lonely rock in
the ocean, with the waves all
around him, began to sing.
The monsters of the sea drew
near to listen. "Why do you
sing?" asked the whale. "Be
cause I am the champion of
the Lady of the Black Robe
and I will save her from her
enemies." The sea monsters
crowded nearer. "Do you not
know," asked the whale,
"that the tide is rising and
that in another hour your
rock will be covered by the
water? What then will keep
us from devouring you?"
Much may happen in an hour,
and Egbert was not idle. At
one end of the rock was a
short chain with two anchors
fastened to the ends, the
chain being attached to a
ADVENTURE Ot= A CLEAN LITTLE BOY.
ready to go home yet— not while there
was a chance of another ride with Pat
on the cart.
"Pat." The voice was small and
faint.
"Pat." The voice was louder this
time and Pat looked around.
•Hello, toddlekins," said Pat cheer
ily, calling Frankie by his pet name.
"sure, and what do you want now?"
"I ranned away."
"Sure, then, and you are a bad boy
to-day."
"Pat, give me another ride — coax
ingly.
"What, with all your white clothes
on. Faith and you'd be a fine sight
when you get home. You're smudged
already."
"I don't have to- ride in among the
coal. I can ride on the seat with you."
Pat said "No."
"Hut. Pat," said Frankie. beginning
to sob. "I ranned away to come to see
you, and I think that you are real mean
headed girl, round and fat and saucy,
and always In trouble of some kind,
while Rex was small and dark, with
large, soft brown eyes. He was never
naughty, except when his graceless sis
ter prompted him to mischief.
One bright July morning they start
ed out. Kate planned it. After sit
ting quietly on the banks for some time,
holding long sticks with thread lines
and bent pin fish hooks, baited with
worms Quite three inches long, while
the largest fish to be caught about the
mill pond, which was all of a mile dis
tant was no longer than your finger.
Kate as usual grew tired of such tame
sport and began poking the toe of her
shoe into the water
"Dcrn't!" cried Rex; "you frighten
'em. There was such a lot of 'em eat
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBKUARY 26, 1899.
"All except one, master."
"Take then that or.c course you have never taken before."
The captain trembled, for he had heard strange stories about a
land that lay upon the shores of a bay entered orfly by a passage so
winding that no vessel was ever known to have come out after passing
in between the cliffs that, piercing the sky, guarded it on either side;
but he dared not disobey Egbert, the King's son.
When they had drawn near the cliffs Egbert entered a small boat
and, bidding the seamen good-by, rowed alone with strong strokes
through the winding passage to the bay. Hidden rocks wrecked his
boat and left him at the foot of a cliff, alone. Finding a trail he went
on — on and upward.
"Halt! Who goes there?"
Hardly had these words been spoken by one of Atrid's sons when
Egbert found himself battling for his life with a black dwarf.
They were at a dizzy height above the sea and the trail was
narrow "and steep. One misstep and Egbert would be hurled down to
destruction. The black dwarf was armed with a club. He was no
match for Egbert, who, after a hard battle, struck him down with his
sword. Not a moment was to spare. The sound of the conflict had
aroused other black dwarfs, who started down the trail from the
very top of the cliff to find out what the trouble was.
Egbert tore the black dwarf's clothes off. put them on his own
person and, seizing the dead black dwarf, hurled the body from the
precipice. Not looking back, when he heard the shouts of the other
black dwarfs, Egbert went on, not knowing where, but trusting to
chance to make his face look like the face of one of the sons of Atrid
and wondering how he would learn the language and arts of these
magicians.
Fortune favored him. There stands a great bronze mirror at
the foot of the cliff that catches and holds the pictures of the sons of
Atrid, but mirrors no other face. Egbert's memory was good. Re
calling the face of the dwarf with whom he had fought, he picked
out the dwarf's picture in the mirror and soon blackened his own
face and hands and made himself look just like the dwarf.
"THE THREE KINGS COME!"
Egbert stood back, hearing this said, and waited to see. Three
beautiful white women, acting as beasts of burden, carried the Three
Kings on their backs. Behind them were black dwarfs, goading on
the women with scorpion whips. Egbert was so enraged at the sight
that he nearly forgot his disguise and would have rushed forward to
rescue the women, who sobbed all the time, and walked feebly, being
if you do not give me a ride. I won't
love you enny more."
Pat could not stand this appeal. He
even let Frankie help put the coal in
and then took Frank up on the seat and
away the two friends went together on
the cart. Frank chattering like a mag
pie all the way. When they were op
posite Frankie's home Pat said "whoa"
and the horse came to a standstill.
"Don't stop now, Pat." pleaded
Frankie, "I have not had half enough
riding yet. Take me with you and I
will get home in time to go vith
mamma. She won't care if I am gone
a little longer."
•frlong!" The horse jogged on again
and Frankie was the happiest of all
boys- Pat even let Frankie drive some
of the way, where the horse was going
up hill, and then Frankie was th<>
proudest as well as the happiest of
boys. All rides will come to an end.
The place where the coal was to be left
lITiC ADy orTHE lIMIV jODCTJ
was reached. Pat tied the horse to a
post and went in to ask some aues
tion at the family in the house. He
left Frankie sitting in the cart. Who
should come along then but Frankie's
uncle Jack. The little boy was afraid
that Uncle Jack would pee him. so he
climbed from the seat over in among
the coal.
"Frankie." It was the voice of Pat
calling.
Frankie did not dare t» answer for
fear that Uncle Jack would hear him.
Pat looked troubled when Frankie
did not appear, but thought that his
little friend must have run away again
and have gone home. The boy was not
on the seat. He was. in fuct. lying:
down in the dirty coal, to keep out of
the range of Uncle Jack's eyes.
What was that? Had an earthouake
taken place? Had the bottom fallen
out of the cart? Frankie was falline.
falling — and sliding, and the coal in the
ing my worm. I wanted to see 'em
finish their breakfast because they are
hungry."
"Well, I want to catch 'em, and, say.
Rex, don't you think we could catch
them in a pail." .
"I think so if you think so, Kate."
"With that they dropped the fish-poles
and through the barn yard, across the
road, into the hmise they rushed, with
flushed and eager faces.
"Mamma, mamma." they called,
"please may we have a pail to fish
with. Fish won't bite pins, and just eat
up our nice long worms."
"Why. how in the world can you fish
with pails?" asked mamma.
"Why," said Kate, "that is easy. You
just put some worms in the pail and
hold the pail under the water and the
fish will go in."
"I don't see that," replied mamma,
"but you may have the pails."
Armed with two bright new tin palls
they returned to the creek and plunged
the pails into the water. The fright
bent over by the monsters on their backs. Luckily, the crooked sword
that he had taken from the black dwarf accidentally touched his hand
and reminded him.
'THE QUEEN ATOLL. IS HERE!"
Egbert now saw what angered him even more. For the wicked
Atoll rode in a heavy chariot of bronze, drawn by little girls and
boys, who were also sobbing-. To his horror Egbert saw these to be
children of the nobles of his father's court. Beside Atoll in the
chariot, fawning upon her, was an immense linn, which was her
bodyguard. The lion sniffed the air and|growled as the chariot passed
Egbert's place of hiding. Atoll laughed savagely.
•Hungry, are you? You will be fed soon if there are new cap
tives."
Egbert breathed easier when Atoll had passed.
"I am lost, and that speedily, " he said, 'unless I learn some of
the secrets of the magicians." How was he to get this knowledge?
To the Palace of Kahtola with speed! Kahtola was he who. in
the shape of a crocodile, had torn the magic robe from the shoulders
of the Lady of the Black Robe. Egbert joined the cYowd of black
dwarfs and ran with them. They entered the Palace and made their
way to the Throne Room. Each ran to his place. Egbert, by rare
good luck, picked out the place of the black dwarf whom he had
fought. He drew his crooked sword as he saw the black dwarfs do.
"Kah-lah-jah!"
This was the cry set up by the guards as Queen Atoll crossed the
threshold. Egbert joined with the others. This was the Queen's
welcome.
•'Bring in the captives!" commanded Atoll when she was seated.
'First bring the Lady of the Black Robe."
So the Lady had not escaped. She was in the power of Atoll
ard the Three Kings! At that instant the Three Kings entered and
with them came all .the other sons of Atrid with a great noise of
trumpets and shouting.
"I am here." so spoke a low and musical voice. "The Lady or
the Black Robe stands before you!"
Once more Egbert gazed upon her. He was sure by her steady
gaze at him that she knew him not to be a son ofAtrid, but he could
give her no sign.
"You will be my bride!" commanded each of the Kings.
"Not yours, but mine," said Kahtola. "Mme — I command!"
"Never." said the other Kings, as they laid hands on the hilts of
their crooked swords.
cart was sliding all around him. Down
he went into darkness and his voice
vas speedily heard, as, frightened and
somewhat hurt, he called aloud, "Pat,
oh, Pat; what are you doing to me?"
Then Pat was scared badly. He knew
Frankie's voice. He made a hasty
search and found Frankie in the coal
cellar, the worse for his accident. His
hands and face and hie white (?) dress
were grimy. From two little blue eyes
tears were running freely adown two
very grimy cheeks, and Frankies wail
ing was so loud that all the family
came out from the house to look. So
did the lady who kept a candy store
opposite, and every little child in the
Mock. They were all astonished.
Uncle Jack came running up. He
also knew Frankie's voice. "My Door
little boy!" was all that he said. Uncle
Jack was always kind. All he did to
Frankie now was to give him a piece of
candy.
How did Frankie look? You will
have to look at the pictures and then
you will see just what happened to a
bad, runaway little boy. No picture
would show how Frankie's mother
looked when she saw him come in with
Uncle Jack.
ened minnows took refuge under rocks
and among the rushes that grew in the
edge of the water.
"Pshaw," remarked Rex, "they are
afraid."
"Now, you just be still; I'll catch
'em," and Kate leaned out over the
bank very far indeed and kept very
quiet for a few minutes, when one wee
fish ventured over the edge of the pail.
"You've got him, you've got him,"
screamed Rex. and with that the fish
P.ed.
"There now, didn't I tell you to keep
still? You — you bad boy," cried Kate,
shaking with anger and excitement.
'Now I know he won't come back.
Oh! Oh!" and then tears began to flow
down wee Rex's face.
"Never mind, brother; I guess he'll
ccme again," said Kate. "I'll try
again. Now, you just put your fist in
your mouth."
Rex put his hand in his mouth obedi
ently, and Kate took a small stone and
held It in her teeth.
"In an instant the Throne Room resounded to the clash of swords.
The Three Kings foiryht and the black dwarfs warred in favor ot
their favorite Kings. Above the din of fighting rang out the voice ot
Queen AtoU.
"A mighty magician has made this war. See, Kahtola falls'. Who
shall reign in his place? He who can light the fire in the urn of
Ganis! Hold, cease fighting. I command!"
The words of the Queen were all powerful. The black dwarfs
sheathed their swords, but many dwarfs had fallen to rise no more.
"Here," whispered the Lady of the Black Robe to Egbert, as he
drew near to her without being noticed in the confusion, "take this
ring. With it you shall win the victory. Put it on the hilt of your
sword!" l
"Bring in the magic urn of Ganis, " commanded Atoll.
Four black dwarfs staggered under their load as they brought in
a huge urn, which they placed beside the throne upon which Atoll sat.
"Let the contest begin."
The Queen's lion stood beside the urn to battle with every dwarf
who should dare to come near. For the first time the lion even
threatened Atoll, who was troubled because she knew that some
magician stronger than herself had brought this about.
Each dwarf who wanted to be a King had to try to light the oil
in the urn with a torch. Five dwarfs, battling with the lion, were
beaten back. No other dwarf wished to make the test.
"Alas!" said AtoHI. "there is none among the one thousand sons
of Atrid who can take the place of Kahtola!"
"Stand back!" shouted Egbert, "here is one who will light the
magic urn."
Fearlessly he strode forward. His eyes already shone with the
light of expected victory. Forward leaped Atoll's lion eagerly to meet
him half way. They met just beside the urn. Profiting by the fall
of the dwarfs. Egbert did not wait for the lion to attack him, but
rushed furiously on, having the magic ring on the hilt of his sword.
With the speed of a flash and with great force the sword struck the
lion on one forepaw. cutting it off.
Backward Egbert leaped and waited for the lion to come. The
beast was furious now. Egbert just escaped the lion as it leaped at
him. One more blow and he had struck off the lion's head.
Down fell the lion. Atoll, pale with anger, ran to the beast, but
all her magic could not save its life.
"See," shouted the black dwarfs, "he lights the urn.'
It was even so. Egbert had the torch. With it he lighted the oil
in the magic urn. A strange smell filled the room.
"He is a false son of Atrid," cried Atoll, for the smell of the flame
was not of Ghat. "There is some mystery here. Ho, guards', seize
this person!"
But no one moved to touch Egbert.
"Give me the King's Black Robe," he commanded.
This was done.
• Behold!" said Egbert. "I am the King Kahtola!'
"Long live King Kahtola !" shouted the dwarfs.
"Put Atoll in chains and lock her up In a dungeon, ordered
Egbert. "She has brought trouble upon up."
Egbert sat on the throne and Atoll was carried away in chains.
■Send these children to their homes."
By magic the children who had drawn Atoll's chariot were at
home with their rejoicing parents in a second of time.
Where was the Lady of the Black Robe? The defeat and im
prisonment of Atoll had given back much of magic to the Lady. She
has left Egbert to do the best that he can — alone with the hundred*
of magicians— relying on his own skill and courage. Her mission was
to assist the other Princes.
"So," said Egbert, when he was alone, "so I am a King of the
Magicians." D. H. "v* .
(.To be Continued.)
THE SOLUTION OF THE WAR PUZZLE.
BY C D. FEATHERSTONE, SANTA CRUZ.
WHILE watching a fishing SMACK IN LEYden. we tried to
engage in conversation with an old sailor wHO BARTered
and traded vegetables. After an almost vain effort to
understand him, we heard him mumble something like this:
"Rothe MI LESter? AvaLON Gardens— Ha! HA! VANAI
-den is a shrewd man!"
Leaving him, we passed a small house, which waS PAlXted red.
and bore the sign, ''SAM P. SONtag. English Tutor." He seemed to
l>e a remarkable teacher, for we heard him say: "If one is a UNIT.
ED, STATE Some other unit. Then giving Ed time to think, he
started another boy's thoughts in this direction: "PHILIP PINE
trees are natives of what countries?"
When we heard the MAN I LAughed and said: "In his ruSH AF
TER wisdom or a salary, he certainly loses no time." "SCH! LEYden.
schoolmasters are easily offended." said my companion.
Walking on past Jan UtSIG'S BEE farm, we met a strange cou
ple, who looked like provinciAL GERmans. The man walked very
clumsily, and no wonder, for he had HOBS ON his boots. The moat
remarkable thing about the woman waS HER MAXagement of a
pair of wooden shoes, and a baby, who over a basket of flowers
sparkling with DEW EYed us wonderingly.
We then met an old friend. Dick RoSANTI A GOlf player of re
nown, who tnld us an amusing legend: "How an old haG RID LEY
den of mice." We in turn told of the novel method of teaching that
we saW AT SOXtag's school.
Alas for the precaution! Just as two
little beauties made their way over the
edge of the pail she let the stone fall.
Patient little Rex still held his hand in
his mouth, but looking very much
grieved at the misfortune.
She tried again, holding her tongue in
her teeth this time, 'for," she said, 'if
she did let go it wouldn't drop."
She held the pail many minutes before
the fish would venture in again. Pres
ently in one came, and when he bit at
the worm she briskly pulled up the pail.
"I've got him. I've got him, " she
shouted, dancing with delight. "Here,
I'll put him in your pail. Rex. and catch
some more."
So accordingly the fish with some
water was transferred to the other pail,
and shp was at it again.
This time she leaned as far over the
THE MERRY AND WISE PLOWMAN.
BY WILLARD X BASSETT, OAKLAND
HE begins his work at the early dawn,
When the cock begins his tiresome
crow,
When the milkmaid takes her pail
in hand
And the gardener ta~.:s his garden hoe.
The plowman lists to his horses' chink.
And feels th^ steady sway of the plow.
He claps hie hands to fright the birds
Which carry the seeds from ground to
bough.
A poem has been received from Charles
H. Marks, age 14, which will be published.
Dear Editor; Flease will you put in th«
bank ag she could and Rex held onto
h*>r dress to keep her from falling in.
Soon two fish went into the pail and an
other and another, until there were
seven, and the eighth was just making
his way over the edge when Kate lost
her balance and fell in with a splash.
' Mamma! Mamma! Come quickly.
Kate's drowned; she 1b!" Rex shouted
Mamma ran down to the creeek, very
much frightened. In the meantime
Kate had scrambled out. very wet, but
veTy happy, for she had five of 'em.
any way. Mamma hugged and scolded
her, all in the same breath, for giving
her such a scare, and sent Kate to bed
until her clothes got dry, as a punish
ment for getting wet. Kate insisted
that if Rex had kept his hand in his
mouth, as she told him to, mamma
needn't have been frightened.
He trudges along behind the plow.
Dreaming of a golden crop,
Of tall oats rippling in the breeze,
And barns full to the top.
He ends his work at even tide.
When the sun sinks to its rest;
He wanders home with an easy heart.
For he feels he has done his best.
Bumpkins in The Call agaLn. as I want to
see them, as my papa rsads to me and I
like to have him read about the Bump
kins. NELLIE THOMAS (««* 7>
Nevada Citjr.
3132
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
A First baptist Church, Eddy street, near
\g> Jones— Ktv. E. A. Woods.
<*>
«•> __
% Haniilton Square Baptist. Post street, near
)>> • stelner— Ber. W. C. Jenkins.
% Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
<£. Twenty-second.
X St Charles Borromeo. Eighteenth and Shot
.'^> well streets— Father P. J. Cummins.
' <«> .
X St. Brendan's. Fremont and Harrison
.<§> streets— Father Nugent.
'.'. St Brigld's, Van Ness avenue and Broad
vi, Father Cottle.
4>
% itch of Corpus Christi, Alemany anil
<^> Croke streets— Saleslan Fathers.
S St Charles. Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
streets— Father cummings.
% St. Dominic's, Bush and Stelner streets—
\j> Rev. Plub Murphy.
- -''■ '■'•'"".
% St. Francis. Vallejo street and Monttfom
<%> cry avenue.
<iC All Hallows Sixteenth avenue and N street
«^ —Rev. D. O' Sullivan.
- .
d, St' Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
<s> street— Fathers.
1
♦ I
S St James, Twenty - third and Guerrero
«|> streets— Father P. K. Lynch.
♦
% St Joseph's. Tenth street, near Howard—
<.. Father P. Scan lan. , .
.♦ _
«> St Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
«> OFarrell street— J. J. Prendergast.
<;> V. O.
X St Mary's Church, California and Dupont
<♦> streets— Paulist Fathers.
<«>;
% St. Patrick's. Mission street, near Third—
■ \«> Father Gray.
*:>
.. 61 Paul's. Twenty-ninth and Church
<y streets— Father Connolly.
% Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and Dupont
<j> streets— Salesian Fathers.
■<$> ■
S St. Peter's. Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth— Father P. S. Casey.
. . — — — — — —
$ St. Rose's. Brannan street, near Fourth—
0 Father Nugent.
<^
% Our Lady of Victories, Bush street, near
<$> Stockton— Marlst Fathers.
<§> • •
•a — — — — —
SSt Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte streets-
Rev. P. C. O'Connell.
<£ Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point
<*► Lobos avenue— Father Coyle.
<!> _____ — ,
2 West Side Christian, Bush street, between
<j> Scott and Devisadero— Rev. W. A. Gard
•>i> ner.
% First Christian, Twelfth street, between
<i> Mission and Howard— Rev. F. S. Ford.
<e> '
. — _ — — —
' <;. Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
<J. near Twenty-fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
♦ '__
A First Congregational. Post and Mason
*!>: streets— Rev. G. C. Adams.
«**' Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
«v Mission— Rev. William Rader.
— —
<gv . . .
<«> Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue
■>«> and Clement street— P. Coombe.
<^
<;> Fourth Congregational Church, Green and
rj> Stockton streets and Montgomery avenue
<_> —Rev. S. Slocombe.
<$>
A> __ _ — — — ■ ■
<$> Olivet Congregational, .Seventeenth and
<_> Noe streets— H. T. Shepard.
. <s> _ — ■ . —
<s> Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
vj> Market— Archdeacon Emery.
«>
<s> — ■ — - — — — ■
<$> Grace Episcopal. California and Stockton
<* streets— Rev. R. C. Foute.
£. St Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
<_> street— W. H. Moreland.
f
% St. Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation
+ Rev. D. O. Kelley.
%' St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street.
<♦> near Valencia— Rev. E. B. Spalding.
S St. Mary the Virgin, Union and Steiner
'<*> streets— Rev. H. Parrish.
<*> _^ ,
— . — —
<»> St. Paul's Episcopal, California street, near
$, Fillmore— Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly.
<S>
a, _^ — - — — —
X Trinity Episcopal. Bush and Gough streets
<$> Rev. H. C. Cooke.
% St Stephen's Episcopal Church, Fulton and
«g> . f"lllmore streets— E. J. Lion.
**>
% St. James Episcopal Mission, Clement
<♦> street and Sixth avenue (Richmond Dis
<♦> - trict.
% St Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes street—
v -> Clergy of St. Stephen's Church.
% St. Alban's Church (Episcopal), Golden
<*> Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street.
■*> .
4> First English Lutheran. Geary street, near
First Englisli Lutheran. Geary street, near
<♦"> -Gough— Rev. _;. Nelander.
% Howard Street M. E. Church. Howard
<•> street, between Second and Third— Rev.
.<|> . J. A. B. Wilson.
%■ Central Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis
.s> sum street, between Fifth and ciixth—
<J> Rev. C. E. Locke.
' % Fifteenth Avenue M. B. Church, Fifteenth
■■' avenue south and . P street— Rev. W. D.
<J> -Crabb.
S Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
<g> and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
a
<*> Potrero M. E. Church, Tennessee and Sola
<§> no streets— S. M. Woodward.
a — ' —
•-■ Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue and
<♦> Clement street— Rev. George Baugh.
•>S>
% Centenary M. E. Church. Bush street, be
<i> tween Gough and Octavia— Rev. C. R.
<$> Riddlck.
% Epworth M. E. Church. Church and Twen
<.« ty-sjxth streets— Rev. W. M. 'Woodwaiti.
. ♦
'i> Stewart Memorial U. P. Church, Guerrero
,<« street, near Twenty-third— W. E.
• ♦■ Dugan.
%•■ St. John's Presbyterian, California and Oc
<>) tavia streets.
% First United Presbyterian, Golden Gate
<i> avenue and Polk street.
___ __^ — ______— __—_—___—_-—_——--— —————— .
•.»> Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez and
<t> - Twenty-third streets— Rev. R. W. Rey
-4> nolds. ij
ACalvary Presbyterian, Geary and Powell
$ streets— Rev. J. Hemphlll.
<g>
•» ■
% Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third and
<♦> Capp streets — Rev. a. N. Carson.
<j> Westminster Presbyterian. Page and Web
<«> ster streets -Rev. S. S. Cryor.
a> Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth and
<i> Railroad avenues Rev. H. N. Bevier.
<*> Starr King A. M. E. Zion Church, Stockton
I v s> street, near Clay— Rev. J. Brown. '
«»• ,
_ ____—— — — _____
<$> First Unitarian. Geary and Franklin streets
,<J>- "Rev. Stopford W. Brooke.
— — — —
<*> Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Cam
£ . streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
,'<«>■ r
*> Christian Union Mission. 549 Howard street
<«> Christian Knlon Mission. 349 liowa:<l
% -Rev. W. H. Tubb.
s : _____
% First Church of Christ. Scientist. 223 Sutter
<g> street— The Bible and Science and Health.
% With Key to the Scriptures.
<-> Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ, S2O
% Post street— C. A. Parkin.
4> V M. C. A. Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
Z streets.
•
Divorce Suits Filed.
Vivia A. Clark ■ has' sued Harry A.
Clark for a divorce, alleging statutory
grounds. Annie L. Robinson asks for a
. aivorce from James G. Robinson on the
ground of cruelty. May Edith Cp.p-an
filed suit yesterday against John T. Cole
man for a divorce, alleging failure to pro
vide as a cause of action. , :
Morning— "Speech' and Silence." Evening— <§>
"Christ's Oleyy on the Mount," with a <_>
prelude on /the "Peace Treaty; Now <♦>
What." <$>
<♦>
Morning— ''The Young People Problem." <s>
Evening— Sermon and baptism. <§>
__ <j>
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening •*>
— Saiue. <$>
Moi<.li.k— High mass and sermon by one <•>
of the priests of the community. Evening <*>
— Sermon and vespers. ,$>
T " — «
• Morning— High mass and sermon. Even- <•>
ing— Vespers. 4>
■ — — — — — — - vj*
-Horning—High mass and sermon by one of %
the priests of the parish, at 11 o'clock. <$>
Evening— Vespers and sej-mon. ,
Morning— High mass aud sermon at 11. <$>
Evening— Sermon and. "vespers. <_>
Morning— High mass, at 10:30 o'clock. Even- <$>
ing— vespers and _ermon. <§>
Morning— High, 'mass anil sermon. Even- %
. sermon. and the recital of the ro- <♦>
sary. ,- <j>
— , q,
Morning -High mass and sermon at 11 m
o cloc^t. Evening— Vespers and sermon. <£>
Morr.jng— High mass and sermon on tne <$>
Jjjsjiel at 11 o'clock. Evening— Vespers, <$>
benediction and sermon. <|>
.Morning— by Rev. Father Mahoney <§>
on the Gospel of the* day. Evening— <§>■
Monthly exercises preparatory to the con- <$>
secration of the twentieth century to Jesus >
Christ and a sermon on "The Claims of <_>
Jesus Christ on Us As Our Redeemer," <*>
by Father Woods, S. J. <g>
Morning— mass and sermon by one of <_»
the priests of the parish. Evening— Yes- <*>
pers, benediction and a sermon. ■$>
;- — — . <£>
Morniyg— High mass and sermon by one of •$>
the 'priests of the parish. Evening— <*>
pf/s. <«>
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11. <_>
.Evening — Vespers, sermon and benediction. <$>
; <•>
* .
Morning — and high mass at 11 ■$>
o'clock. Evening— Vespers, sermon and <?>
benediction. $>
Morning— High mass and sermon by one <»
of the priests of the parish. ■ Evening — <$>
Vespers, sermon and benediction. <a>
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even- <?>
ing Sermon and vespers. <$
. a
Morning— High mass and sermon. Even- «J>
ing— Sermon in Italian by one. of the <*
priests of the community. <»>
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening— <§>
Vespers, benediction and sermon. . <J>
— — — . — _ £
Morning— Solemn high mass at 11 o'clock, <$■
with sermon by the pastor. Evening— <*•
Vespers.
— — __ <j>
Morning — High mass and sermon by one of <$>
the priests of the community. Evening— <&
Vespers and sermon. a
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening <§>
— Vespers, . benediction and sermon. <§•
Morning— Cermon and high mass at 10:30 <§>
o'clock.. Evening— Sermon by the pastor. <$>
Morn'_ag — Sermon by the pastor. Evening — <_>
Sermon and the recital of prayer. •&
horning— Sermon by the pastor on "Elect, <»>
Royal, Holy." Evening— "The Books of &
Moses a Type of Christianity." «i»
— Anniversary sermon (twenty-sixth <§•
anniversary). Evening — Anniversary praise <■>
service. ■ <g>
—
Morning— "Qod-like Character." Evening— a>
"The Widow's Mite." <_>
■ <^
Morning— "The Law of Influence." Even- <g>
ing—' "Ralph Waldo Emerson and Ortho- <§>
doxy." <§.
Morning— '-The Authority of Christ's Teach- %>
Ing." Evening— "Religion No Bondage." &
Morning— "A God Xear at Hand." by Rev. <$>
S. Slocombe. Evening— of a series <*>
ot lectures on '"Essentials of Religion," <*>
by Rabbi Voorsanger ; special music. <$>
-» <_>
Morning— "Beacons of the - Revolution." &
Evening— Sermon by the pastor. <.*>
. <§>
Morning: — Holy communion at 7; morning <j>
prayer (full choir) at 10; choral celebra- <>
tton and sermon at 11. 4r
. &
Morning — and service at 11. Even- &
ing— Sermon and music. - <§>
<$.
Morning — "The Church's Discipline Con- •$
--cerning' Marriage and Divorce." Evening <£>
— Sermon by Bishop Moreland. . A
Morning — Special service for the soldiers. &
Evening— Sermon and Instruction. <*
Morning Divine service and sermon at 11. <§>
Evening— Sermon. <$>
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — <>>
Morning— Mass and holy communion at 7:30 <g>
o'clock; high mass and sermon at 11. 4>
Evening— and sermon at 8. •$>
3,
— Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow- ■§>
ed by litany service and sermon by the <§>
rector. Evening — Song service and ser- $
mon. ■§>
. <§.
Morning Holy communion at 11 o'clock. <•>
Evening — Sermon and Instruction. ' <_>
<;>
Morning— Morning prayer at 7; preaching ■!>
by the rector at 11. Evening— Prayer at <_>
7:4"., and sermon by Rev. H. Parrish. <$>
- * i
Morning— Prayer at 11. Evening — ■;*
at 8. <•>
4>
. ,$,
Morning— Sunday school at 9:30. Evening — <•>
Prayer at 8. <$■
. <J>
Morning— Church service at 11:16; Sunday <♦>
school at 10 o'clock. All are cordially in- <•>
vited. ' <§>
. <5>
Morning— "The Glory of the Face of Jesus <•>
Christ." Evening— "Judas Iscariot." «v
Morning— "The Philosophy of Obedience." <$>
Evening— "Marks of the Conflict and of 4>
the Victory." • <$>
___^ _____ ____^___ <$>
Morning — "The Church as an Agltattor." <^
Evening— "Why the State of California <$>
Should Have a Sunday Law." <$>
-^ — .—— . —^ »~. — — — — —— — — — -^— <♦>
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— <•>
Sermon and religious instruction. <*>
: : ■ : — I
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— <£•
Same. . •*■
: <s>
Morning— Divine services at 11' o'clock. <■»
Evening— by the pastor. <S>
_j>
__-————__ — .— *^
Morning— Services at II o'clock: Sunday <♦>
school at 12:30. Evening— Divine service <j>
at 7:30 o'clock. <S>
_, . . at*
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening — <j>
Same. ■£•
;■ • <S>
_ __________________ ____^ <fe.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor at 11 4
o'clock. Evening— Sermon, followed by -„•>
prayer service. -3>
; <$,
Morning— "Joseph's Wagons." Evening— <>:
"WhaO of Life?" <S>
Morning— Sermon by Rev. W. A. Hutchi- <«
son. Evening— Same. <*■
Morning- Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even- <«>
ing— Sermon and the recital of prayer. ■§■
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— <?>
Same. <&
<&■
Morning— Sermon by Rev. R. F. Cdyie. <j>
Evening— Sermon by the pastor on ''A 4>
First Hate Man With a Fourth Rate <♦>
Name." •• ■ , : j' '■''/- ' >■ <_>
<£
Morning— Sermon by the pastor on "Christ's <*
Power to Save." •$►
_ , <i>
Morning— "Jesus Christ." Evening— "The 4>
Cities of Europe— Corinth." <«>
— ■ 4>
Morning— "l Can. Wins." Evening— "Jo- <_>
aeph of Arlmathea." A
Morning— "ln His Steps," by the nantor. ■$>
Evening— Grand sacred concert, commenc- 4>
ing at 8 o'clock. <*>
_ . — .
Morning— Sermon by pastor on the subject ■$>
oj "l_.i>s of Life Is Discovery of Life." a
_ i _ 4.
Morning— "Our Life' and tin Power That ■•>
Guides," by. the pastor. Evening— "The ,<♦>
Hoots of Our Life." <J>
Morning- -"Beware Lest Thou Forget the <•>
Lord." Evening— ''Come; for AH Things <♦>
Are Now Ready." • <$>
Morning— Address on the subject of "Man." .$>
. ___. _ * , , __ A
Mornlns— The Wages of Sin Is Death." •$>
Evening— "The Gospel of Jesus Christ." «j>
3 p. m. — Address on the subject of "The <|>
Work of the Army Department of the 'As- &
soclation Among the United States Troops •$>
at Manila," by N. 11. Jacks, general Been;- %>
tary or the Oakland Association. . 4>
The Hyrnan Verdict Reversed.
| Coroner Hill announces ■■" his refusal to
' approve the Verdict of accidental death
: In the case of Isaac Hy man. the cloth
: ing merchant, who was found asphyx
; iated In his bed several days ago. He
! says he is convinced that decedent com
! mitted suicide by unscrewing and remov-
| ing the gas fixtures.
THE SAX FftANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26. 1899.
Hales.
new pansies in! new roses in! new, violets in! new rough sailor straps in ' new children's hats in! new millinery in!
behold: the fashions change and spring blooms forth fresh and new!
we now open up what promises to be* the largest season we ever had: we've reached our arms across the continent, across the Atlantic, and bought
better goods than ever; bought in huge quantities for Hale's seven California stores; bought it and landed it here . in such quantities that we can
jy-, undersell any dry-goods store on the coast. That's a fact : what's the use of mincing matters .
We've bought a greater variety to sell to you for cash. That's one thing about Hale's — it's a one-
G*jfr&&y'h price cash store! Rank, station, wealth, position, counts for naught here so far as buying is con-
_43___i -^nOr^THp cerned. It's the people's store. The man with overalls and the man of wealth all get the same
-_jjgfe_ |»^ goods at the same price. Cash levels all, both great and small. The poor but honest woman
/&MppPMp . never stands at our counters and sees the credit customer buying and hears her say "Charge it.
ggHp^B^v /_r-^-# We don>t " char " anything !We don't therefore make any person pay for the faults of others.
W&e We b-jy for cash bright, new, seasonable goods and mark them in plain, reasonable figures for
$$> J?^Jr^^sfSfi M^ v^y cash ! We want the trade of the workin § folks same as ourselves ). and we wish to be fair and
S^P_^'"^^^^ '^l square in every way, introducing these new goods with a liberal-minded policy.
w^^R^^ new wash pods: in patterns sweet, delicate, gay or neat!
* Lft?/ V^___>^>^?_ //W »** Cloth. 29 inch,* wide, a heavy new Japanese crepes. 29 inches wide in gripes. flSS^^iri^rt^' «««
MVXffiT^^^ li AY (__K_> twtU ?abriL - in l!Kht - mediUm and dar^ ?£:<*• Ch f Ck K S , : 'i Kh S B H^ d "I^™ rB rnen'^ 'fl V much worn this season and has been O,l_
\ J^TM dri^r per $2s™:'.™?!?™™ 15C color.T.s.? 16 3 C b ou,ht »,v us in a hu,, Entity.,.. W.IC
TO____»W__i fif\ i£ ' "^JL.4~^~~^ &.$ K,£rLfterrs.&'sr I s-_ k^^^'ssn^r^r^ nPW <ilmi ti( ' s ' 29 inches wi.le, in small, dainty
K^._;"_?__?rs_.i!. '_r-,S£ j__* «a» Jsra-w ,r?fl;^rs;,,": i 2 .c
:^^^^i fabriC ' sultable for summer waists.... lOC pink, red and lavender new percales , 36 inches wide, best quality.
JifjfiMffißL «_* 7 new Scotch madras. 20 inches wide. In corded new piques. 30 inches wide, in »a«fe strig, and
Zn 7?f____r?^r_*_r__^ / effects, in nice variety patterns, stripes | CZ r Email Jigiired patterns;. an exceeding!. QQq .40 patterns to select from :...... t-i^>-'
V^ ij _M__Rl*]yßL nr^R^ £ and checks, medium colors lOC pretty fabric «_» vr w
%SKMy a feature of the week! a six-day sale of new hosiery!
■ "™ / _-»i _H \*%i_^ N \_\. • . french foot, sizes bto j. 2, pair. 70 dozen boys' black cotton hose, extra heavy
• / . \W\ \ V%f V*\ 0 dozen fancy cotton hose of fine maco cotton. u(j o en misses' black lisle hose, extra fine Quality corduroy ribbed, of heavy maco cot-
/ _-__ Sn \ 7/K. \ \ black boots, fancy open colored top. Richelieu quality, silky finish, narrow ribbed, spliced • ton double, heels, soles, toes, sizes 6 |Q
# "\. /U\ /_^^v\ \ ribbed, spliced heels and toes 12->C heels, ' soles and toes; sizes 6to 9; _£_)C to 10 • • -•••••• ■ * 7 *-'
/ '"\\^7 \ \ " palr ," ; 'v." to ' 120 dozen boys' indestructible fast-black bicycle
I K\ /. I \\ 100 dozon fashioned cotton hose of ttne comberl 210 dozen children's W ac^ h^°" on do^. s ,|- h ' l!=H ' extra ' h.-avy quality, narrow and WKie
t\ VX \ /'/ I W maco yarn extra heavy quality hixh | ft-.- heavy quality, narrow ribbed, double Knees ribbed, double knees, heels and toes, ORp
V\ *\X/ \\ spliced heels, double soles and toes.. IOsC and heels and toes, fast and seamless. 15C fine-combed maco yarn, sizes 6to 10.. -t«w
I\\ 1 \/A ' V 10 ° dozen black lisle hose, plain or fancy rib- ;C* - /-Ins>lr misses' jackets, in fancy mixed
lft\ 1 Xti* W ' bed. high spliced heels, double soles Q£__~ nnTYIPQII f. new table damask, LrlUctiV tweeds in brown and green, high
i\ .V \fL li and toes _i_»V« UUIIICaUIi/ bleached, two yards J--4- storm 'collar, bound inside seams
_\ 'V //\ \\ nttrnr>tion<? wide - al ] I "! re -A aeUL. throughout, box front, <tl (iCk
H\ /fV"//\ l' jp ,„ ■ aUrai/UUII-5. (enough for sIxKAq for £ isses 16 ,IS S 2 0 years 3>1.0i1»
1\ \/ \ I SFsS,9=i-S« :ri;;-;««« ; , adles . changeable taffeta silk petticoat skirt,
IV \// V \, «.««X. and lace edle usual^lv sold for 20c ,0 pieces table damask. 72 inches wide, all pure d flowing flounce of 9 inches, with four
\\ % 1/ \\ gOOCIS. aCd la 4 eac^ Hae'slCr- linen, direct from the manufacturer, <T| Bpac P c cord at bottom of flounce, flounce lined
ll l\ N \\ ■_*,„ ana - 0C ' .7 lOC fine weave, per yard ••••• «4> ■ with linen, bound with velvet, in a great
1 I l\ \\ wiozen' lakes'' white' lawn tie,. i% yards long.- % size damask napkins to match. dozen.. g_^^...^ o ™:.;.r°f!i...^ $3.65
a I \X\\ II ' '•> inches wide. 3-row tucks and 1-inch !("}_> nQO _ en huck towels, fringed, close | £±~r*
\l *^\ ' I » l\ hem on end; each w... -_v_»w weave, 21x44 inches, extra large IV»3W fljaflTifilpttP ' 50 P ieces 27 ' lnch "eecy.
X < ___3!v V ._. b:^^^hb-^b ESsidfc§2sß yards canton flannel, 2S inches wide, extra
\\ \\ __^ 2sL \^ - _l Yard -i"v inches, each yydsa _ ds canton nanne i, 28 inches wide, extra
\\ W-j^^^^-^^J • lm( l er . a n-wool moreen underskirts 2 heavy quality, fleecy; very good for C
,A\ \\ J itf(o2^ neW m elegut . W rtm«.t 1. multa, ". f 1 ™? F " flounce, of 5 ««*« ' ." "'"■
L'll \\ f lNTd*?jl V 5 PlQ«f»- tawn«. dimities, percales, Ssa_r_f__T33r»Siag new dress W-ck crepons. 42 inches
\L/' \1 ' 1-7/^-^ Mm WaiStS. SKVs^an sTz^s-^O \f\f\ full width; air^zes-col^Verfse, CO IK arCSS , vlde> bri _ ht _^ , ust
|I|Jl. '111 i? ~*Wrl -Oc. Toe, $1, SI ••rsn.?2?2 so".' OO.OU green, red. lilac and heliotrope... VO.IO gOOdS. r:::.".'.'."."^ ST.SO
'Us if 1 _ ! '^i\ y/y- *N \" JrK< I ' — / f mm'T ' large billowy black crepons on corded grounds,
\ _fclWW_-i^_-r^_Ji_^_'fl^__tilrW4r/' / /? / ?' T iSB/ fJ/S&f _-— ""-^~^ — "WTcipper wra p peri made well, yoke and
V\\ffl\ IWW&MMiiirif II /**2*( _^^^^' €pjfhdfk&\ back> t 'S ht - fittin ? a -» nl "»* bound e arnihotes,
fiMiPff San Francisco's most progressive dry=goods house! A yo Wn , m ,^^ A^
\[ir \ H^E' n) rrdllvljCU I^ IiIUM l/lUJriv*MjlVw Uiy gUVU-J JIVU-JV* send your name and address
..... '■ '■■ ' .VV.'f'.-- •* . for our new spring and sum-
. a separate staff of experienced salespeople 937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street. men catalog.
in charge of mail order department. •■'" ' J7Oi7 J^ l * 7^" " "**
Women Who Steal Bargains.
Troubles of a Big Store Detective Whose Duty It Is to Watch the Tricky BargaiQ-Couoter Pilferers.
I THINK, after long experience, that
there are as few real store thieves
here in San Francisco as there are
in any city of its size in the country.
As for professional shoplifters— l do
not believe that there have been
altogether more than five or six in
the city during the past five years.
The infrequent woman who comes
in here with secret pockets ex
! tending the length of her dress skirt.
; a golf cape with slits in the lining which
I make the ample garment a most conven
! lent receptacle for such goods as may
I strike the wearer's fancy, or a hand
! satchel with cunningly contrived oom
i partments which hold much and betray
: nothing to the ordinary observer, is
I quickly detected and easily disposed of.
There is something about her look and
manner which betrays her almost from
the moment that she crosses the thresh
i old; it is the amateur thief— one who has
none of the ear-marks of the profession,
but has an outward cloak of respectabili
ty to cover his or her peccadillos, whom
we detectives really dread, and who do
the most mischief in stores like this.
We find these people in every walk of
1 life, from abject poverty to actual w< alth,
j and, queerly enough it is— if you will be
' lieve them— always our fortune to catch
j them the very first time that they depart
I from the path of rectitude. Of all the
■ thieves caught in the act of stealing from
! the establishment there has not been one
who did not declare with tears that never
before had he or she been guilty of the
slightest act of dishonesty.
The fact that we arrest so few men in
comparison to women and girls of whom
■ we are compelled to make examples is
j due, not to the superior honesty of men,
'; but to the fact that in a store like this
1 women customers are in an overwhelming
majority. We have very little if any trou
: ble'with little girls, while boys of varying
i ages "sneak " small articles quite fre
quently. We deal with this class of cul
prits in a special way, however. We do
j not think it right to expose young boys
to the ' ontaminating influences of the
City Prison, or to cloud their lives with
the' disgrace of arrest, but when we llnd
them taking trifles without going through
the formality of paying for them, we just
! march them down cellar and argue with
I them concerning the wrongfulness of the
j proceeding by means of a stout little rat
i tan. Our arguments have always proved
' effective, for no boy repeats the experi
ment here after the first trial; and more
over, no indignant parent ever puts in an
appearance and disputes our right to take
i the law into our own hands in this infor
-1 ma! fashion.
Few people realize the difficulties sur
-1 rounding such . a position rs Mr. Allen
1 and I occupy. While we are expected to
I "let no guilty man" or woman "escape"
I we must err, if we err at all, always on
j the side of the public. An unfounded
I accusation, a mere suspicious interroga
i tion addressed to the wrong person, even
j the slightest hint of watchfulness in re-
J gard to one who can prove that he or she
i Is as Caegar's wife was obliged to be.
will ruin a store detective's reputation
and place the house for which he works
in a most unpleasant position.
I make it a rule never to arrest a
person whom I have not myself seen com
mit a crime. When a clerk sends for me
and tells me that a certain customer has
taken something from the counter I slm
., Ply watch the customer. As a general
Hales.
thing a person who takes a thing from
one department without apparent detec
tion cannot resist trying it again in an
other place. 1 "camp on th# trail" and
nine times out of ten I see them pick up
something they haven't bargained for and
start to walk "off. Then 1 interrupt them
and ask them to accompany me to the
office. Generally the worst kind of a
Bcene follows in there, but when 1 know
that I am right the outcome is assur; a.
The patrol wagon is sent for and the Po
lice Court takes the settlement off our
hands.
I believe we have compromised just two
cases since this store started, but there
were circumstances surrounding both
which made such a course excusable.
One was in the early days when
the departments were run by dif
! ferent firms. A very well dressed woman
I with a nice motherly face came in and
went downstairs to the vegetable stand.
and while the attendant was busy with
another customer she just stuffed her
sealskin cloak with his stock in trade and
came upstairs. She managed to iind a
newspaper somewhere and unloaded her
booty into it. making a huge bundle that
she could hardly carry, and then walked
around up in the house furnishing depart
-1 ment as coolly as possible, looking at
things, thinking that she had made the
'!« al all right. The vegetable man had
seen her pick up the things, however, and
! he got me to go with him and ask her
I about it. She saw us coming and threw
ilie bundle on a pile of comforters, and
I then went into a tearing rage. But after
a bit ?he calmed down and asked what
1 the damage was. There were two pota
toes, tour tomatoes, three apples, a head
of lettuce, two oranges and throe or four
liniidfuls of dried peas in that bundle,
and she paid the man $2 '*) tor the out
lit. And she had a poeketbook just packed
with twenty-dollar gold pieces to pay it
out of.
The other case was that of a pretty and
I retined looking young lady wiio came in
here with her little baby. She left it in
its carriage and went to different coun
ters, and tii, ally deliberately stole some
; cheap little articles, putting them in her
i pocket right before my eys. When we.
: took her in the office she refused to tell
her name, and did so only when we
threatened to send her off in the patrol
wagon at once. Then she wrote it on a
bit of paper and we found that she was
the wife of a very prominent lawyer. We
sent for him. and the scene there was
; svhen he found his wife there under those
clrcuxastances was the worst thing 0. the
! kind that 1 ever went through. At hrsi
I he wouldn't believe it possible that she
! had done such a thing, but she broke
down and confessed, and there thi
with the baby between them crying as
1 though their "hearts would break. Tin
end of it was that we let them out the
i back way and agreed to say nothing more
; about it: but we added her name to our
list of "undesirables'*— persons who have
been warned never to visit tne establish
j ment— and she has never come inside our
! doors since.
There are two pretty young girls here
in town who got themselves into a queer
i fix by their love for finery. They plotted
I the whole thing togfether, it seems, and
; started out with a big satchel which
I they proceeded to fill at the expense of
■ this store. Feather boas, which seem to
j have a specially irresistible attraction for
! women thieves, ribbons, neckwear, belts
and toilet articles all went in there, and
j in consequence they went up before Judge
I Mogan. They were proven guilty and
i confessed, but the Judge has never sen
-1 tenced them. Instead he insists upon
their appearing before him every two
weeks, when he makes inquiries as to
their behavior and surroundings, gives
them a good, sharp lecture and lets them
Igo for another half-month. They were
arrested last October and have been
"coming up for sentence" ever since, and
the effect has been most salutary upon
them.
A handsome white-haired old lady,
dressed in most elegant style and with
plenty of money In her silver mounted
purse, hovered around the bijou counter
one day and annexed a dozen or so sil
Hales.
ver stamp and match boxes. We saw her
gather them in. and I asked her to take
a walk to the office with me. She under
stood what 1 meant and was furiously in
dignant, doing the "How dare you" act
to perfection, but as we walked along she
dropped the little boxes one by one, and
Mr. Allen, walking just behind, picked
them up; the two or three she hal remani
ng when we got to the office she threw
behind the gas stove, and then she defied
us. She w.ts SO stately in her manners and
s.i eießanl and refined in her appearance
that she almost made me believe thot my
eyes had played me false, but when the
patrol wagon arrived there was a com
plete transformation. Such language as
she used when she found that her bluff
wouldn't work i never heard from mor
tal woman, and I have heard some pretty
strong talk during the seven years that I
have spent as a detective. It took two po
licemen and the rest of us together to
get her started on her journey uptown,
and her fellow travelers didn't enjoy the
trip at all.
It was a younger womna who coolly
wenl upstairs, selected a papier mache
washbowl and pitcher and a suit of boy's
clothes and took them to the wrapper to
be wrapped up. The informality of the
proceedings struck the young man as be
ing worthy of note, and he asked her
what clerk sold them to her with th" re
sult that she confessed after a little sharp
questioning that she had simply accumu
lated them on general principles. Some
what similar to this was the escapade of
the young actress who went into the mil
inery department and picked out a hand
some hat and then hunted about until she
found a bandbox, in which she concealed
her prize and went off with it Into the
cloak room, where she was trying on
jackets, when we apprehended her. We
discerned by her confession that she had
visited us on two previous occasions, on
one of which she had stolen a dress and
on the other a waist.
Wr have caught only five Chinese
thieves here, all men. but there was no
nonsense in their selection of goods to
conceal in their long sleeves. They took
only such things as were valuable and
easily hidden, and they took them so
deftly that you could hardly believe it
even if you were looking straight at them.
Of course, besides watching the custom
ers we keep an eye on the clerks, for
where there are so many employed as
there are here, the number varying from
1200 to 2200 in the busy times, there may
be an occasional black sheep among them.
It is a rare thine, however, that we find
any of them dishonest, the worst thing
in "that line being the recent case of the
shipping clerk in the grocery department,
who, after having his salary raised twice
during the p.ist year and lxissc-ssing the
implicit confidence of his employers, could
not resist the temptation to till his pock
et? with small articles at the close of the
day's work. We emight him with a bot
tle" of orange marmalade, a can of boned
chicken and a piece of common brown
bar soap, and the result was that he was
sent up for ninety days as a punishment
and an example.
PALMISTRY.
Continued from Page Twenty-eight.
of speculation. Not very tactful. Many
voyages. One fond of the details of lift.
Tour heart has been nearly broken. You
have periods of depression. Unexpected
legacy in your last days.
MRS. I* ML, San Rafael— Your child U
far too impulsive. You will have to curb
his violent nature. He will have an acci
dent on the water when he is between 13
and 14 years of ape. He does not care for
books, and probably never will; he is too
erratic.
MISS S. B. X.. Stockton— You will have
two marriages, an uneventful but happy
life. You will always make the most of
what you have.
MRS. 8., San Rafael— Your nature is
Hales.
I cold, haughty and despotic. Too indiffer- J
I ent to be affected by sorrow. Two mar- j
i rtages, one husband committing suicide In
your twenty-eighth year, leaving one
child. Second marriage to a widower
when you are 36 years old.
MRS. D. W. 8.. Santa Rosa— An ardent, |
impulsive temperament. Careful in ex- j
penditures. Thoughtful, prudent nature, j
One who expresses herself freely—in
dined to be too outspoken at times. Good (
conversationalist. Very versatile nature. 1
Two marriages, one late in life. Many |
! schemes coming to nothing; better pros
pects within the next three years.
R H. H. San Jose— Several short trips— 1
over long, eventful journey. You will i
have to take extra precautions against ;
accidents between 39 and 40.
VTOLA 8.. Lodi— You have marked mu
sical ability— are fond of society and gay 1
life. Love "of home and parents is clearly 1
shown— the best part of your life has been I
: devoted to them. You are unselfish, sym- 1
! pathetic and affectionate. One happy j
l marriage at 20: three children.
MRS. R. G. H.. San Jose— An intense,
I positive nature— lnclined to irony. A ncr- ;
I vous. sensitive, economical, painstaking j
woman. One who rules her own house- >
hold; affectionate, ardent temperament;
very ambitious for your family. You will
be preserved from a financial loss through ;
relatives. Increased prosperity from mid- j
! die age on.
HAZEL 8.. Santa Rosa— lntellectual,
i tactful, cautious, prudent, thoughtful: ;
fond of home and parents; energetic;
great love of detail: aptitude for doing :
small things well. One happy marriage
at 24
MISS HELEN P.. Alameda— You will
have to take extra care of your head.
You are threatened with trouble from
that source at 35. You are a person with ,
too many interests. You do not con- ;
cent rate your forces sufficiently.
MRS. R- D., Alameda— A woman of;
great strength of character. An ideal
mother; religious in the highest sense of
the woi-d. One who has a faculty of man
aging affairs and people. One fond of
speculation, yet cautious and prudent.
You will always have all you need of
I this world's goods. A serious accident
I connected with a voyage.
MISS RUTH P.. Alameda— An ardent,
generous, affectionate nature. One who
will win through her own efforts. Long
life. One love affair that will bring sor
row to the subject. Will marry and have
three children. Tw6 conflicting talents.
MISS MABEL D.. Mountain View— A
strong, self-reliant nature: inclined to
plan far beyond your powers of execu-
I tion. You are iirm and independent. A
person with talent, but with obstacles to
overcome. Interference of relatives will
retard your progress.
MRS. M. _. W.. Santa Barbara— A wo
man of marked talent, but inclined to
be too visionary at times. You have an
excellent combination of brain power.
business talent and imagination. You will
have marked success. Your lack will be
to carry out your excellent plans. A se
vere illness between 30 and 35.
MISS J. W. O. W.— A nervous, worry
ing nature: flirtatious: restless nature.
Fond of travel and excitement. You will
have a very eventful career. Three mar
riages. Many voyages.
MISS E. C. — Tactful, conscientious:
I great love of detail; very analytical na
ture. You have lofty religious sentiments,
with great independence of thought. A
I serious illness between 25 and 30.
MRS. J. A. 8., Santa Barbara— A sensi- <
tive, religious, intellectual, artistic, ideal
istic temperament: One who has experi
; enced great trials through her affections.
i Singular aptitude for occult studies.
! Good prospects ahead.
CARLTON HAMILTON. San Jose— An
j impulsive, determined. willful young
i man, who will always carry out his plans I
! and designs. He will have many r.arrow
escapes from accidents, owing to his dar
ing nature. He will be assisted in his
career by relatives. He has a tendency
to go to extremes.
MISS D. H.. Gilroy— One fond of forms
and ceremonies; fond of society, tactful
j in tha management of those about you.
' Two serious affairs of the heart. One
i marriage to a man of talent and business
j ability.
JOHN D. — You have lost money through
! your love of speculating. You are a man
of good business ability. One who will
i never know want. A plenty to last as
long as you live. Your hand show.-s travel
and experience. Long life, comparatively
free from illness.
F. H.. Suisun— A well balanced nature.
One who will have great success In busi
< ness, but who has experienced severe dls
j appointments. One happy marriage to a
Hales.
woman of intellect and refinement. Long
but uneventful life.
MARY M., Elk Grove— A firm, self-re
liant nature. One marriage. A quiet,
happy home life. A larg^ family.
CHARLIE M. — Good, generous, sunny
nature. Great commercial ability. Too
preat a desire to take risks and chances.
A born speculator.
The following named persons sent in
prints too illegible to be read:
L. E. Cuneo, city; Miss D. D., Vallejo;
Miss Eleanor Sweet, Miss Juno Madison, S.
Lyons, Mountain View, Miss Lyons, Mountain
View; Mrs. Will Toad. Mrs. Bafford, R. 1,.
Therma. Mrs. A. Wright, Mrs. A. Berrett,
M. M. Gardener, Mrs. Eick, Miss Renner, Mrs.
Martin Cousins, Miss Ruby Genge. Miss Vivian
Brown, Mrs. B. X., San Rafael:
Edith Moore; Dolores; Madge V., Stock
ton; Otto E. Mlkelson, Miss F. H. Brown,
Miss Josie Williams. Miss Lucille McGinty.
Sally Brooks. Mrs. W. H. ML, Vallejo: R. <i.
Hamilton. Miss Ktoile Millar. C. H. Gilman,
Mr?. C. Devoe, Miss Lizzie Langville; J. M. L.,
Santa Clara.
— ■ ♦ ■
Madame Neergaard, pupil of St. Germain,
scientific palm reading. MBB Twonty-flrst st.,
near Valencia. Telephone White 1571.
Princess Carlotta Iturbide. daughter of
Prince Iturbide of Mexico, presides over a
lemonade stand In the City of Mexico.
" THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
Polished oak hall or win-
dow chair.carved seat $1.90
Other wood seat chairs
for hall or parlor, in flem-
ish, oak, mahogany, maple;
$12.{0, $I|, $20^
Square top (12x12) Onyx Table, for
lamp stand, card receiver, etc. Burnish-
ed brass legs • 52.10
■ Novelties in onyx effects; banquet
lamps to match. \
A sideboard in solid oak, with mir-
ror and convenient compartments 56.50
Our sideboards at $45 and $55 show
some beautiful effects in Golden Oak.
Nottingham Lace Curtains in ecru
and white, full width, 50 in., a pair 95c
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Art squares are economical floor cov-
ering. In all sizes. Here is one.oxq
feet, f0r........... ...:.;...:..... $2.75
Free delivery, Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley
M, FRIEDMAN & CO.,
233 to 237 Post St., S. F.
Open evenings . Near Stockton